fflrimtral 3UttcIe. ASTRONOMY AS AN AID TO BIBLICAL CHRONOLOGY. A Paper by the Rev. J. Allen, Rttraij Dean of Beechworth. Professor Karl Marti says, in the Encyclopedia Biblica : ' Astronomy would furnish the surest means for determining the exact year and day of events, if the Old Testament contained indubitable accounts of solar or lunar eclipses.' Ed. Mahler, assuming that the Bible did contain many allusions to such phenomena, elaborated a curious scheme of chronology. He drew up a long list of what he believed to be coincidences between Biblical events and eclipses which occurred on the dates which he assigned to such events. We may notice two, as samples of the more ingenious ones of the series. (1) On Thurs day, March 12th, 1335 b. c. , there was a central solar eclipse visible in Tiirvnt. This. Mfl.Vilfiv armip.s nn.nsp.rl t.Vip. nln.crrm nf rlfl.vlrnnss TVio reason, he thinks, why the Egyptians did not move from their houses for three days was because the terror with which they were struck by the sun's obscuration made them powerless to stir all that time. Now, according to the Talmud, the plague of darkness happened on the 1st of Nisan ; therefore Mahler concludes that the date of the Exodus was Thursday, March 27th, 1335 B.C. (2) The sign which Isaiah gave that Hezekiah should recover from his sickness must, Mahler thinks, have been a solar eclipse, which occurred ten hours before sunset, the shadow retraversing the ten degrees which, on account of the eclipse, had, in a sense, gone down. Such an eclipse happened on June 17th, 679 b.c. Therefore, since the sign was given to Hezekiah in his fourteenth year, and he reigned 29 years, he must have been king from 693 to 664 b.c. In reference to Mahler's chrono logical tables, Professor Marti says: 'It is only a pity that the imposing edifice thus erected in the name of astronomical science rests on a foundation so unstable — an artificial phantom, dependent on a Rabbinical exegesis, itself a mere creation of fancy.' But although the Bible contains no historical notices of eclipses, there are passages in some of the prophets which probably allude to . these phenomena. We may take a few examples. (1) A total eclipse of the sun happened on February 9th, 784 B.C., and was visible at Jerusalem at midday. That was the date of Amos. We may be sure that a striking spectacle, which it falls to the lot of few to see — the sun totally obscured — would impress a man like Amos greatly. We may suppose, therefore, that he alludes to it in viii. 9 of his prophecy: 'It shall come to pass in that day, saith the Lord God, that I will cause the sun to go down at noon, and I will darken the earth in the clear day.' (2) A solar eclipse occurred on June 5th, 716 b.c. That was the date of Micah, and we read in his book (iii. 6) : ' The sun shall go down over the prophets, and the day shall be dark over them.' (3) There was a solar eclipse on September 30th, 610 B.C. You. may remember what Herodotus says about it (i. 74) : ' A war commenced betwixt the Lydians and Medes, which continued five years. It was attended with various success ; and it is remarkable that one of their engagements took place in the night. In the sixth year, when neither side could reasonably claim superiority, in the midst of an engagement the day was suddenly involved in darkness. This phenomenon, and the particular period at which it was to happen, had been foretold to the Ionians by Thales the Milesian. Awed by the solemnity of the event, the parties desisted from the engagement, and it farther influenced them both to listen to certain propositions for peace, which were made by Syennesis of Cilicia, and Labynetus of Babylon. ' Now the prophet Jeremiah lived at the same time, and possibly he alludes to this eclipse in xv. 9 of his writings : ' She that hath borne seven languisheth : she hath given up the ffl ghost; her sun is gone down while it was yet day.' || But let us now leave the region of conjecture for a little while, and m betake ourselves to one where the ground is firm under our feet, so to if speak. Astronomy does undoubtedly afford us invaluable aid in fixing m Biblical dates. The ancient Assyrians had a practice of naming the m years after great State officials. Each year was called the Limmu I of the person whose name it bore, or, as it is now designated, the i Eponynm of so-and-so. Every monarch was limmu once, and perhaps I oftener; this happened usually in the second year of his reign. He § was succeeded in this capacity by the General-in-Chief of his army, 1 then by persons holding less exalted positions, each official being the 1 limmu for a year. These lists of Eponynms were very accurately 1 recorded, and carefully preserved. Some of them have been exhumed, I and we are assured by experts on the subject that we undoubtedly M possess lists for 228 years in unbroken succession. It follows, there- fa fore, that if we can fix the exact date of only one of these years, we M can easily determine that of each of the others. This has been done. m It is recorded in the lists that during the Eponynrn of Pur-Sagali, in |l the months Sivan, which corresponded to the latte'r part of May and M the former part of June, a solar eclipse happened. Astronomers have M verified this by calculation ; the sun was eclipsed at Nineveh on gi June 15th, 763 b.c. Thus the chronology of this period of two and a 11 quarter centuries is established. The advantage of this to students of || Biblical history is of course incalculable ; for this period of 228 M years was contemporaneous with a most important part of Old Testa- m ment history. Great light is thereby thrown upon the collisions m which occurred between the Jews and the Assyrians. M Next to the Eponynra Lists, the most valuable monument of 9 antiquity, probably, which we possess, is what is known as the Canon m of Ptolemy, so called because Claudius Ptoleineeus, mathematician and geographer, about 150 a.d., included it in his astronomical work. As it has an important bearing upon our subject we must devote a short time to a consideration of ifc. It gives a list of the rulers of Babylon from Nabonassar to Alexander the Great, the Egyptian Ptolemies and Bomans being added at the end. The number of years during which each of these kings reigned is given ; and the eclipses are. recorded which were observed by the Babylonians and Alexan drians. The years are reckoned from the accession of Nabonassar. The astronomical observations recorded in the document have placed its trustworthiness beyond all doubt, and from them it has been ascertained that the year from which the Canon dates — the com mencement of 'the era of Nabonassar' — is 747 b.c. We learn, further, from this document that the accession of Sargon to the throne of Babylon occurred in 709 b.c; while, by consulting the Assyrian clay tablets, it is found that this date corresponded with the Eponynm year of Mannu-Ki- Asur-li' . Here, therefore, we have further means of fixing the exact dates of the Eponynm lists. Since we know from these that an interval of 54 years separated Mannu-Ki-Asur-li' from Pur-Sagali, it follows that the Eponynm year of the latter was 763 b. c, which same date, as we have seen, has-been arrived at astronomically, since the solar eclipse recorded in this Eponynm year, in the month of Sivan, has been identified with the eclipse of the sun, which was almost total in the neighbourhood of Babylon on June 15th, 763 b.c. The result of this investigation is given by Professor Karl Marti — to quote from this distinguished expert once more— thus : ' On the ground of the statement of this [Eponynm] list we have, for the years 893-666 b.c, fixed points not to be called in question by which to date the events of this period in Israel ; for the Assyrian inscriptions not only supply direct information concerning certain events in Israel's own history, but also in other cases fix the date of contemporaneous events which the narrative of the Old Testament pre-supposes. Then the Ptolemaic Canon, which from 747 b.c. onwards accompanies the Assyrian Eponynm list, continues when the Eponynm list stops (in 666 b.c), and conducts us with certainty down to Koman times.' We are' limited by the subject of our paper to how astronomy aids Biblical chronology ; otherwise we might enter upon the more exten sive and difficult but highly interesting question as to the best way of bringing Biblical and Assyrian dates into perfect agreement. We may be excused, however, if we digress a little way in this direction. The Eponynm Canon fixes the accession of Sennacherib at 704 b.c., but in 2 Kings and Isaiah this monarch's invasion of Judah is dated in 711 b.c. How is. the discrepancy to be explained? Sir Henry Eawlinson proposed the following solution : ' The least change [in the Biblical record] is to substitute in the thirteenth verse of 2 Kings xviii. [and in Isaiah xxxvi. 1] the twenty-seventh for the ' fourteenth' year of Hezekiah. We may suppose the error to have arisen from a correction made by a transcriber who regarded the invasion of Sennacherib and the illness of Hezekiah (which last was certainly in his fourteenth year) as synchronous, whereas the words ' in those days' were in fact used with a good deal of latitude by the sacred writers. ... If this view be taken, the second expedition [of Sennacherib against Judah] must have followed the first within one or at most two years, for Hezekiah reigned in all only 29 years.' Professor Cheyne objects to this proposal to solve the difficulty, characterising it as ' a hypothesis of exceptional boldness,' and he thinks far more highly of Dr. Edward Hincks' theory. Cheyne says in reference to this: ' In a learned paper on this and similar difficulties, he (Hincks) states that it seems to him 'as if a displace ment of a portion of the text had taken place, and as if the verses preceding and following the passage displaced had been thrown into one. ' The text, as it originally stood, was probabiy to this effect : ' Now in the fourteenth year of King Hezekiah, the King of Assyria came up (2 Kings xviii. 13). In those days was King Hezekiah sick unto death, -ftc. (xx. 1 — 19). And Sennacherib, King of Assyria, came up against all the fenced cities of Judah, and took them (xviii. 136. — xix. 37).' In the fourteenth year of Hezekiah, Sargon actually went to Palestine, as his annals of the tenth year show ; but they mention no conquests made from Hezekiah. His only act of hostility seems to have been the conquest of Asdud, and he seems to have been chiefly occupied with visiting mines, among which is specified the great copper mine of Baalzephon, probably Sarabutel Kadim, in the Sinaitic Peninsula. In the following year Merodach Baladan was still in possession of Babylon ; but being apprehensive of an attack from Sargon, he would be likely to look about for assistance. Hence his embassy to Hezekiah. If, then, the Hebrew text originally stood as is above supposed, it would be in perfect harmony with the contemporary records of Assyria ; whereas, if the fourteenth year of Hezekiah be equalled to the third year of Senna cherib, in which that monarch places his expedition against Hezekiah, ??? it is utterly impossible to reconcile with Scripture the capture of Samaria, which was in the sixth year of Hezekiah, and nineteen years previous to the expedition. ' Professor Cheyne remarks in reference to the foregoing : ' There is only one inaccuracy in this lucidly-stated hypothesis. Dr. Hincks supposes that the cuneiform inscriptions are silent as to the achieve ments of Sargon in Judah ; but this is not the case. His principal point, however, is (so far as I can see) unassailable — viz., that the latest editor of the Hebrew traditions confounded two invasions which were really separated by an interval of ten years — that of Sargon in 7H- and that of Sennacherib in 701.' But we must now return from this digression, and proceed with our main subject. There is one point in New Testament chronology regarding which astronomy has been of invaluable service. It has fixed the date of the death of Herod the Great, within at the most a month, with absolute certainty, and thereby has enabled us to arrive very closely at the exact time of our Lord's birth. We have it, on the authority of Josephus, that Herod died shortly before a Passover, and that 'a few days before his death an eclipse of the moon occurred. Astronomers have computed that a lunar eclipse actually did take place on March 13th, 4 B.C., at 2.45 a.m., and that it was the only eclipse of the moon visible in that part of the world within more than eight years prior to 1 a.d. Herod died, therefore, some time between March 13th and 31st, 4 b.c. There is no reason for doubting that the interval was long enough between December 25th, 5 b.c, and the following April or May, for all the events to have happened in it which are recorded by St. Matthew and St. Luke in connection with our Lord's infancy. It has been thought 'by some that astronomy may help us in determining the approximate date of the visit of the Magi to Christ. After Herod had 'inquired of them diligently what time the star appeared,' he ordered the massacre of all the children in Bethlehem and the neighbourhood who were two years old and under. Evidently, therefore, it was two years before then that the star had been first noticed by the Magi. Now, it is a remarkable fact that at that very time — two years before Christ's birth — a conjunction of Jupiter and Saturn occurred, in the constellation Pisces. The two planets were near together that year (747 a.u.c.) in May, October, and December. The near approach of two such brilliant orbs would be certain to make a great impression upon the Magi, who probably would interpret the phenomenon as presaging the birth of a notable personage. In the next year (748 a.u.c.) Mars joined the conjunction. These facts were first discovered by Kepler, and he originated the theory that it was this conjunction of planets which constituted the 'star' of the Magi. Alford adopted the notion, maintaining that the word 'star' (aar-qp) in St. Matthew was used in the sense of almost any astronomical appearance. The late .Professor Pritchard, however, rejected the theory as untenable, and regarded the 'star' as purely miraculous. But another hypothesis has been suggested. The ancient Egyptians numbered 365 days in their ordinary years, and had no leap years. The consequence was their ordinary year diverged from the solar year very nearly six hours every twelve months. It follows that, if we divide six hours into 365 days, it will . give us approximately the number of ordinary years which elapsed between the times when an ordinary year synchronised with a solar year. This was known as the Sothis period, and it contained 1461 years. The solar year was reckoned from the time when the Dog- star (Sirius) became visible in the eastern sky as shortly as possible before sunrise, on the 1st of the month Thoth. Now, it seems to be proved that the Dog-star was in this position with regard to the sun in 5, 4, 3, and 2 b.c (it always rose in this way four years in succession). Professor Louth, of Munich, therefore, has conjectured that possibly this heliacal rising of Sirius was the star of Magi. Bishop Huntington beautifully says : ' In the largeness of the plan of His salvation, Christ not only breaks over all the narrow notions of national, family, and social prejudice, but He permits every heart to come to Him, in spite of its imperfections and errors, by the best light and the best feeling that it has. These astrologers were all wrong about the stars presiding over the destinies of men, and foretelling the birth of kings. Yet, condescending to them, taking them up at that low point of their childish superstition, this ' testimony of Jesus, which is the spirit of prophecy,' made use of their astrological credulity to guide them to Christian knowledge, shaping even the miracle to their mistake, by all means to bring them out into ' the truth as it is in Jesus;' saving them finally from their error, in seeming to save them by it.' We will conclude our paper with a few observations regarding the date of our Lord's death. The difficulty arising from the alleged discrepancy between the Synoptical and St. John's Gospels regarding the exact evening on which Jesus instituted ? the Holy Eucharist, is of course well known to us all ; but to discuss this would be to go outside the limits of our subject. The question is, Does astronomy afford us any aid in seeking to determine the date of the Crucifixion of our Lord ? It does ; the astronomical new moons and the days of the week have all been determined for the period within which the date of Christ's death occurred. But there are many difficulties in the way; for example, the Jewish new moons were not coincident with the astronomical new moons, the former being from twenty-four to thirty hours later than the latter. Matters were greatly complicated by the system of intercalary years. Here it must be noted that when the barley harvest was not ripe on the 16th of Nisan — so as to permit of the wave-sheaf being duly offered on the second day of the Passover — a thirteenth month was added to that year provided it was not a Sabbatical year, and two intercalary months were not to follow one another in immediate succession. A leading expert on the subject — Baron Hermann Von Soden— says: ' If 33-34 was not a Sabbatical year (and so 32-33 not an intercalary year), the , 14th Nisan may have been celebrated on Friday, April 4th, 33, which would correspond to the view of the fourth Gospel. This year, how ever, is excluded if Jesus died on the 15th Nisan, and it is impossible in either case if, as is more likely, 33-34 was the Sabbatical year, and so 32-33 had thirteen months. There is, therefore, no great probability on the side of 33 a.d. On the other hand, the 15th Nisan may have fallen on Friday, April 23rd, 34 a.d. This is hardly possible for the 14th Nisan, as the astronomical new moon occurred at 6.42 p.m., April 7th, so that the 1st Nisan can have been put at the latest on April 9th (so Sevin, 144). No other line of evidence, however, points to the year 34, and this reckoning by the calendar suits just as well the year 30 of Luke iii. 1, 2, for in that year the astronomical new moon occurred at 8.08 p.m., March 22nd, so that the 1st Nisan may have been put on Friday, March 24th, and the fifteenth have fallen on Friday, April 7th. One word more, and I shall have finished. We may deal with this question in a slightly different way also. We determine the date of Easter by means of the Metonic cycle of nineteen years, indicated in the Prayer-book by the Golden Numbers. The Metonic cycle was first brought into public notice about 430 b.c. A century later another one was introduced, called the Calippic cycle, which ran through 76 years. Dodwell, in his work on Ancie.nt Cycles, published at Oxford in 1701, thinks this may have been the cycle which the Jews used in our Lord's time, and says : ' We may hence, if I am not mistaken, find out what was the year in which our Lord was crucified. For it is commonly believed to be certain that it was a year in which the fourteenth day of the lunar civil month fell upon the sixth day of the week. But there was no such year between the fifteenth of Tiberius and the end of the reign of the same prince, except two ; for in the 30th year of the vulgar Christian era the fourteenth of Nisan occurred in the 55th year of the cycle, and was the seventh of the Julian April, and the sixth day of the week, the Dominical letter being A. And in the 34th year of the. same epoch, which'was the 59th of the cycle, again, the fourteenth of Nisan was the 26th of the Julian March, and the sixth day of the week, the Dominical letter being C. Therefore in one of these two years our Lord must have been crucified, if the Jews who were our Lord's contemporaries observed the fourteenth of the Paschal moons according to the rule of this cycle.' 