Hidden From All Fives, CHAPTER LI. Yeuk vvtir busy with Ids baud of (If-teotives, gptlinft buckets of wnter from tho well in tho stnbl.i ynrd, but tii oro was nn lioso tn convoy it to tho upper stories, nnd llioro fioublo wns wn8tort. JNclla crept out or tho curritigo, and stood timidly by tho side of PrsndorR-nsf, watching tho destruction, and longing to ronder nssistanco. Thorn was a sound of whools, and prosontly Soiuotvill" rushed up end seized the woman by her arm. 'In thero ! ' sho said, in a dull, hopeloss mniinor. from whioh nothing could rouso her. ' And you nro hero ! ' ho said fiercely. 1 Dend or alivo you ought to be with her, you d — d disg'istioL' coward.' Ho gripped lior hard and triod to shake li«r in his passion, but. sho towered grimly nbove his bond. 'Anyonn gonn for tho engines?' Sho pointed to n fly nt u littlo dis tance ; the borso had boon taken out of tho shafts, and ho concluded that the driver, mounted on its back, had set off to Nowington: 'And how oan I get to hor?' measuring tho burning front with bis eye, and pulling off bis cost. 'Now, don't, Master Godfrey,' catching hold of Iris sloovo, and roused into animation at the remembrance of the danger ho would ruu. ' Tou oan't go — choking down a sob — 'its dontli.' Do you think I would lot hor die alone ? ' ' Shs ain't alone, there's n gentle man' gone eftcr her.' Ho started violently. 'You fool to rectum: wnowasur ' I don't know, but thero was two on 'em, and they are doing their best.' ' Vera and Mallon ! ' he struok his hand to his forehead in dismay, then turned and etared at Nella, as if she hod been a ghost. ' You hero ! ' ho said, slowly. ' After all, you are going to see me din ! ' Then, without another word he sprang up tho stops, and was Inst in clouds of smoke. Prondorgast, that woman of stone, gave a cry ns if her heart were breaking. Godfrey Somervillo had been the idol of hor life. For him sho hail slnvi d and done much evil, ready lo deny hor own snul, if not d bo, to win one word of kindness from him or to bring him n fraction of good. Sho had hidden like a hunted oriminal, nnd forsworn every pleasure in life, living in out of tho way corners, with a wistlo's girl for her only companion. And for thiB he had paid her with harsh words that hurt hor, and plenty of money for which she 'did not care ! still sho loved him with the utter un selfish devotion of a faithful dog ; nnd now that he was in danger she threw off her stupefaction, and racked hor dull brain to boo how best sho could save him. 'Kun!' alio criod to some boys who wero looking on. ' Get me all tho ladders you can Gild, and you shall be paid with gold.' Tho boys asked a few qu 'stious, and started off. Dick, who had been absent on an orrand connected with the intonded journey, ran up hreatli- le8sly. Prendergast earri-d him off to tho stables, where tliov found two short ladders which thoy splicsd to gether hy means of somo old rope. ' Ilavo you seoti him. ? ' Robin aud nil tho tost wero ns uot'iing to her. Her only interest was for him. ' Yes,' said nell i, pointing to a figure which had jus' appeared on tho slatted roof outside Prendergast's own window. ' Stay thoro ! ' sho cried, with a wild shriek of fear; as Godfrey, intent ou reaching Robin at whatever cost, hegnn to cliiuh up the thick stoma of tlie ivy. ' Tho smoke 'ull cboko you ; the plant 'ull give way. Oh ! Heaven, he's gone quito daft ! ' Nella gnthored her furs around her with a shiver. Victor was there, and Robin. Their figures showed in full reliof whenever tho smoke cleared awnv, against tho blood-rod sky. They could do nothing to bolp them- solves, for escape was impossible. The flames wero gradually mounting higher aud higher ; lifoordoatli only depended on the arrival of tile fire- escapes in timo. Robin was lost to all consciousness of clanger, but Victor, wns alivo both to hope nul fear; and aa the minutes crawled on. arid tho very elates on which they wore standing grow warm from the furnno3 raging bolow, he raised his face lo tho H'nvoe above him, in silent tearless agony. Every thing had como to him, but too late; nnd Duleio, whom he could have claimed to-morrow, or on this day whioh was dawning, had boon Been for the last time. Thero wns ft shout from down bolow, followed hy aloud resounding hiss, as the ongines began to play on the burning building. ' Here, for Heaven's sako he quick !' cried Vers, who had been doing all- that man could do to help. 'The roof can't last nnothor minute ! ' 'Rottor not go so iioar, sir, tho walls aro not safe. This esoape's not long enough,' Voro groaned. ' It'll roach this buttress, tho rest must ho dono with ladders. But whoever goes up on 'em will take his life in his hand.' " ' I'll go first ! ' slid Vera promptly. Lot mo have n topo to lo ver tho Inly down, if nrcesaaiy.' Whilst ho was waiting for it, in a favor of impatience, a small hand was laid on his arm, and Nolls, unable to speak, looked up at him with im ploring eyes. ' Child, you will catch cold,' ho said, kindly, as I10 drow tho olonk over her frozen nock. ' Good-bye, little Nell.' Then ho snatched n tope from the fireman's hnnds, nnd in another moment wns ollnihing upwards with nil tho haste lie could. He rt>aohr,d thn buttress, drnggod tho ladders after him, nud mounted again. '.Oh! Heavon.r have mercy ! ' sobbed Nolln, ns, shaking all over, she hid hor face iu hor hnnds. It was impossible to watch him, no tho flomos leapt out to meet him as ho passed, nnd, serpent-like columns of smoke twisted themselves round his body, Even those who did not know him hold their breath, astounded by the courage of this stranger. A gasp— a eort of growl of pain close by hor sido — made Nolla start. Prondergast took her by the hand, and dragged hor a little to tho left, where a shower of lighted splinters wore falling fast. 1 Sob there!' she said, pointing to a window which was very near tho ronf. ' Do you boo the fire's nil round it ! It's like a trap — He oan't eaoapo. Pray for him — I've forgot ten iiow !' Nellu clasped her hands in earnest supplication. 'Oh, Honvcn bring him back in safety.' 1 Him ! — bring him in safety, and lot all others go, I — I would ha died for him — and yet I can't. He's thoro and I'm here, no good to him now.' She olonched her hands in bitter, wild rebellion against Heaven's "will. Godfrey Somervillo had been her god, and all her words of prayer wero dumb on her grim lips. Meanwhile, the man, on whom her dog-like nature had fixed in fond fidolity, had nearly roached his goal. Utterly reckless of his own life he recognised tho fact that when he had joined Robin there would be nothing loft for thorn to do but to die together. (To le continued). 