Original Novel. A Little Maori Watt I Bs E. DOIDGE, Author of ' Father and Bon,' 'The Daughters of Eve' — a tale of the Maori War ; ' The Mystery of Mervellien,' 1 Marian Qonisby,' 1 Piwee,' Daughter of Taranui,' &c.; ^All Rights Rbsbbyed.] GHAPTEB XI. — (Cohtihued). ? I did not wish to leave you, dear Lady Merlin.' ' I heard yoa say twice this morning how inviting tha sunshine looked. Yon an quite at liberty to go.' J Then, if yon please, 1 shall go and ii, down for an honr ; then it will be easier t( ksep awake during the night.' ' As if 1 kept you awake during the night ! I am euro yoa slept well enongh last night ; 1 had to awaken yon three times for my medicine. I never knew snoh n women to sleep ! Bat do go now, as I nelly cannot endure bo much talking.' Miss Hamilton forebore even to argue . and Bama felt sorry for her. Under othei ciroamstanees she would have fired up ; bu' the quiet and enduring spirit of resignation, which she read in her erstwhile governessY ?yes, appealed to her. ' Oome,' she said, ' and I will show yon ths medicine, and tell you when it is to he given.' On a table, at the further end of the room, was what lcoked like an amateur chemist's shop. Bottles of effsrvesoents, medioinal water, alkalis, preparations of hi ceibonate and potash, citric and tartaric acids, and axemalio tinctures in ammonia and lavender. ' Mies Hamilton,' cried the petulant old lady. ' one wonld snppose you were giving inatruotions for the treatment of a Hospital foil of patients I Do you suppose Rama esa possibly remember one bail of all ycu are telling berf Do you intend that she sball take the oase out ottbe doctor's handV * I beg yoa not to distress yourself. You know that It would not do to have any mis takes in yonr medicine ?' ' At though there oouldbc aay mistake - . Is not every bottle marked, and the quantities f I suppose Kama's eyesight is not impaired, and that she has not forgotten how to read.' Then the iairhfnl companion left the room, wondering how long it would be before she wonld be as impatiently sum moned as she was thus summarily die missed; how long it wonld be before the legA.Andnrinc flnifit nf Rama. «nnls? ratrnft. against the genty sufferer's ill-humors, sod almost unbeatable queruloneness. ' Bit here, Bama. You, at least, will cot bore me ; when MiBs Hamilton is not sadly stupid, die is ooptrury. It ban ooonrred to me, while t have been lying here raoked with pain, that perhaps I should have shown you more consideration, child, when Jon .were so long and closely associated with ties Hamilton. I had not realised bow really provoking it is possible for ber to be.' 'Yon must not think that, dear Lacy Merlin. I assnre ^ou Miss Hamilton was always very patient and long-suffering with me.' ' Full down that blind, the sun is shining right aorocs my bed.* Bama did as requested , ' No,|I do not like that. Pnt it up again ; open a newspaper and lay it over the foot rail. The aootor says the sunshine iB the greatest healer. Oh I* (in a sadden and angry note) ' why did you conch the qcilt P Do yon not know my great toe gives me agony of torment f (her foot was in a box). ' 1 beg your pardon. I was not aware.' ' Yon shonld think, then. Can't ynu see how carefully she has arranged the bed clothes, so as not to besr heavily. Fnll ti e paper a little to the right. There.' ' Now sit down. If one thing is more annoying than another it ts to see people standing aimlessly about a room.' Bama eat down, and was for a few moments silent. * Have you absolutely no conversation f I sent for yon that I might be oheered a little in my desolation.' ' I sball be very glad if I oan entertain yon, I assure you.' I You did not go to ohurcb on Snnday, Miss Hamilton said.* ' Yea, I accompanied Mrs Oowan ; wo went to Fonsonby.' ' if hat took you there f' - ' We went specially to hear the Bev. Mr Totara.' ' Who in the world is he P* 'A young clergyman who has recently been ordained. He is a Maori.' 'Bo I should suppose. You would not think ot telling me that Campbell is Sootch or Murphy Irish, would you ?' ' You asked who be was.' 'Do not give me any back answers, Bams. This Totara is a friend of yonrs, 1 snppose P' ' I mat him for the first time at Biehop's Court. He is very gentlemanly, and tre mendously in earnest. I think you would like him, Lady Merlin; His lordship thinks a great deal of him.' 'Does he? Well, it is something to have really converted a Maori.' 'It is, indeed. Though it is not an ordinary oase of conversion,' ' How do yon know P' ' I pnt the question to Mr Totars.' 'What, yon asked him if he was oan verted P' ? ' I asked him, rather, when he was con verted.' ? He must have considered yoa very per usal, not to say impertinent.' I I do noc think so.' ? Well, when and how was he converted P' ' Ho does not quite remember, I think he said ; he was always good, I should say always sorions, I am sure.' ' I trust, if that is so- yon will be at some pains to emulate him.' ' Yes, I think I shall.' ' Seeing that you are so mueh interested in this young man, you may invite him to oome here, if yon wish.' ' If you wish it, oertainly, Lady Merlin.' ' I did not say I wiehed it ' — this oame almost snappishly, as a tinge of pain shot through her stiff joints. It was upon Kama's lips to suggest to the old lady not to be cross, but, remembering the infinnities of age and gout, she ourbed her tongue and resolved to endure. Softly she oommiserated and suggested a glass of soda. ' 1 am siok of their nostrums ; but I will take a oup of tea.' ' I understood Miss Hamilton to say the dootor only allowed you tea once a day.' 'Then I shall take it twite. 1 know without being told what the doctor said. Miss Hamilton interferes more than if desirable.' ? I am sure she only desires tc set yen well again. Yonr digestion being so much impaired, tea ' Will you foroe me to ring ths bsU P Tell Miss Hamilton to oome to rat at onse 1 At onoe, do you hear f ' It is little more than half an hoar sinoa she left us to lie down.' 'Do you dare to disobey my express commands, glrlF' 1 1 will order the tea, oertainly, and much good may it do you,' Be ma could not refrain from murmuring, as she left the room. Shortly afterwards the Bishop's wife was unnennoed, and Bama was permitted to withdraw from the trying ordeal of nursing one of the most exacting viotimi which the tyrant gont ever marked for its own. The respite was for the space of half-an-honr. Ere that was over Miss Hamilton had joined her; they were spending a few minutes with Mrs Oowau in the recaption room. 'How can yon endure it P* feelingly qneried that good soul. ' It ia a trial of paiicnoe, no doubt,' was the reply. ' Bnt I am fairly used to it, yoa I know, sad by patient endurance ' ? ' Martyr orowna are won, the Bishop soy s,' broke in (he elder lady. ' Miss Hamilton tells me that the day time is pleasant compared with ths night experience ; if that is the oase, I fear I should not survive one night,' said Kama. ' I could not keep up, of oourte, wore it not that the trained nurse oome* at 10 and remains till breakfast time. I do hope the attnok will not last rnnoh longer.' It did not at that particular tiaaa. Three days later Lady Merlin was up and about, better than she had been for years, she declared, smiling quits ohserlly, and reading reciprooating smiles m afi animated nature, causing even Kama to think that there may be worse things in the world even than a bad inflammatory attaek ef gout. Lady Merlin was even oordlal. She lavished unstinted maite on the sarefnl. unselfish, loving devotion of Miss Hamilton ; saw a marked end commendable change for the letter in the general demeanour of her wayward and impetuous ptoiigi ; and so far unbent — to the oomplete surprise and pleasure of the household— u to announce that she wou.d give a party at Merlin Ooort on the following Monday evening. A party at Merlin Court had been unheard of for years. It was a condescension to the goddess of frivolity, of which the rigid, austere old lady had not been dreamed capable. And ai it was well within a weak of the time when it had been rumored that the devout soul was dangerously ill, sundry people — particularly, perhaps, those not well acquainted with the eeosntrioitiee ef goat— oame to the conclusion that the reported illness was after all only an old lady's fanmed indisposition. Others, on receiving the unwonted invite, playfully suggested they were summoned to make merry o ver the vanquished enemy — gout. CHAPTBB XII. BilCt'S BBXBOSHAX. The Maoris do not make long oourtships. Bnt the oivilised Maori must needs bend to seme extent to the ways of civilization. Safe it is to say that nowhere, at no time, sinoe the colonization of New Zealand in 1840, _ have two individuals, fall-blooded Maoris, been mora thoroughly civilised, tew more highly tduoated, few more care fully trained than Kama Tnera and Hori Totars. In age and education they seemed eminently fitted to make a match. And . there were others beside Bishop Oowan who hope to see them wedded. If ths harden of the story to be told were the wooing of Kama by Totara, the writer wonld dwell here at greater length ; yat this was not the eventful portion of their history. On the evening of Lady Merlin's party it beoams a matter of oommon observation that ths young Maori clergyman was paving marksd attention to Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. On that eventful evening, too, the Biahop, who arrived late, and left early, took oooaeion to speak to hit host about the matter, and was agreeably surprised, and pleased, to find Lady Merlin was of the seme opinion as himself ; deolaring that it was tha very tiling; that snoh a matsh wonld be heaven-made, and promising, so far from throwing any obstacle in the way, to promote the affair. Match-making is generally a delightful feminine cooupation : it was a rather new novelty for the mistress of Merlin Court, however. Everybody agreed that Kama was the life of the petty. There weze charades of her own devising ; in one the converted Totars into the most grotesque savage, fishing up in the Maoris' Island home ; ia another Hood's pathetio ballad, ' Mary's Ghost,' was por trayed in anything but pathstio parts. And abovs and before all other matters for wonder was the fsot that Lady Martin laughed and applauded, when at any other time she might reasonably bs oonnted on to condemn. She was yonng again, her gut its dealarcd : and such was ths happiness of her mood that if the ball-room had been reedy she would not have denied the troup of yonng people a danoe. That was indeed suggested, but they had to bs satisfisd with a promise that on soma future ooeaiion, when provision was made and thsy oame prepared, their wishes would be gratified. Amongst the songsters no one aaag so often or so sweetly as Bama ; while a duet by Totara and Kama won unbounded admira tion. Maori legend was interspersed with the classical productions 'of the ag*. Aad when the pleasant evening was over, the gnests declared that for years they had entertained absolutely wrong impressions about tho dignified matron of Merlin Oonrt : that she had been wronged in being so generally regarded us an embodiment of hunteur and unbending formality. Totara was for going when the Blshop'e patty left, bnt this he was persuaded not to do ; end before he left ho had a pressing invitation to visit Merlin Oonrt olten, for tho hostess wished to know better one' who was so suitable a oompanion ior Bama. ? ? ? ? And before a week more had elapsed, Hori Totars had asked, and had become, the accepted suitor for the hand of Bama Tnena. People said that as Lady Merlin was rich and had neither ehild nor near relative, , a handsome 'dot' wonld go with the hand of Lady Merlin's adopted daughter. Safe it ia to say that onno suohmeroenaryflotlon did the young clergyman count. He saw tn Wnma „ winsome 'and hnppy-dlBpositlonod partner in life's journey ; and he was tflad when he found tbat both his Bishop and the young lady's guardian united m their approval of his suit. At first Bama laughed at him and at the idea of beooming a olergyman'e wile, a position she said she was sure she oould never satisfactorily fill; but finally she said she would be Totara'a wife — that on him would rest all the responsibility of the momentous undertaking. And thus it was in the oapaoity of Kama's fianch that Hori Totara was a regular visitor for several weeks to Merlin Oonrt ; and as his staid and sterling qualities became known to Lady Merlin, she was more and more convinced that she was doing the iroper thing by Kama — to give her to him. \ lis sedate, settled, honorable character seemed to supply precisely those restraining safeguards which the impnliivenesB of Kama's character rendered desirable in a life -partner ? ? a ? It was a balmy summer evening when the tiro young people sat in the vinsolad summer- house, in the garden of the Court, that the oompaot whioh was to make them man and wife was sealed. Hori himself plaoed the ring on Kama's finger. Then the was a little afraid of the thing that she had consented to. ' I am scarcely 19, Hori ; I am only a a girl 1' she said. ? Many of our people marry at that age, as do onr friends the Europeaus.' ' But a minister's wife, Hori I — it seems ?o strange. . . . She shonld be a solemn- minded person of great experience, and very, very good.' ' And yon, dear, will be very, very good ?' ' Oh, bnt I am not very, very good at all !' 1 Then yon most intend to be that.' ' Will the intention suflloe, Hori I' 'Good intention, with honest endeavor, is all that the best of us oaa claim.' 1 Yet, bnt some people in their good intentions succeed muoh bettor than I do, Hori. Do you forgot that I ever raised in yonr mind a doubt as to whether I was really a Christian P' 1 Only a potting doubt, Buna. Of ooursc you arc a Christian, bat at times a little inolined to trifle.' ' I myself am a trifle. I really wonder— honestly wander— that you should ever think of me as a wifa, Hori.' ' Seriousness, and perhaps solemity, will coma to yon in years, Bama. It is natural in one or your years to be as you are. It is also natural in me to seek a wife of my own people. I thank God for you and your lovo, Bama. You really do love me, little one f' ' Oh, yes ; how tlse oould I promise to marry you t ' ' The world— the people of the world— do find many and unworthy motives for mar riage. But with us there need be— there oan be — bnt one pare motive.' ' Oertainly yon are not rich, and I, Hori, am really poor. I have nothing to bring you.' ' Only year love, and that is all I ask or desire.' ' When do yon go te take over your first charge P ' ' Next weak.' ' So soonF ' I oannot endnre to be long idle.' ' I shall miss yon very much.' ? go much, I trust, that you will be anxious to join me very shortly.' Bama did not for a moment reply. Her lover held her hand, and literally pressed for a reply. It was a temporising evasion that he drew from his love : ' What kind of a place is Faeroa ?' ' Have yon never visited the Upper Thames P' ? Never.' ' Then that is a treat in store. There are few rivere in the world so onohanting, I should think.' ' But Faeroa— it's a dismal little place, isn't It f ' My Bama really does not think there is any dismal place from one end of ths nativo islands to ths other ! And if Paeroa was for ever under a oloud— if no bird eaug — if no stream leaped out of mountain, over pine root and bonlder, to swell the torrent ol the Thanyis — if no flower bloomed upon its banks — if ao pheasant or cartridge sprang suddenly from ooppioe of fern — if no wild dnok swam its thousand pools and lagoons — if no wood-pigeon ever rnatled amongst the dense foliage of Its glorious forests— yet if yon, my Bama, were thsre in onr little oat, to welcome my home-oomicg, I would not think it doll or dismal.' ' That is quite a bit of enbdued eloqnenoe, Hori— unpremeditated, too, I am sore. I shonld like you to bs really eloquent, Hori, the most elcqnent preacher ot all our people. I shonld like the world to ring with yonr fame— the lame of Totara, the Maori preacher 1' ' Far better for ms, ior yoa, for all the world shonld jnst know me simply as the Maori who faithfully preaohed Christ and TTitn cruoifltd. That is my mission ; and woe betid* ms or any minister ot the gospel who forgets his muter in thinking of the man.' ' Alas, Hori, bnt yon are so dreadfully in earaestf' ' I do not believe that very mash good is done in th* world— in ths religions, the political, or any other sphere— withont downright, wholeeonled earnestness.' ' Tell me, Totara, do yoa love God with your whole heart f' ? Yes, that ia my aim.' ' Then what have yon left to bestow upon poor little me f ' ' A slow smile oame ere any words from Totara : ' Pardon me, little one, if I say it vraa by snoh onnnihg questions that the Pharisees songht to entrap Ohrlet. If a man marry seven times who will claim him for husband in the next world P We are not asked to trouble about snoh questions. But, tell me, do yon think If I love God more that I shall love yon less P He has made it possible for us to adequately fill the first and great commandment ana yst to love one anothsr. You do not doubt that, Bama f (To be oontinued.) Bxooamsin.— Sbe : Who is that fright ful looking woaaan behind yon who is talk in swith a man P He ; It is my wife. She : Bnt yon have not looked round to tee whom I mean 1 He : Oh, yonr dsioription is enongh i IdTBBirir Hon.— Judge: You are accused of stealing six reams of paper, three gallons ot ink and five gross of pens. What have yon to say to the charge P Prisoner : Your Honour, I am a novelist, and I was merely eoUsoting material for a new story. Joaes — ' I hear your next door neighbours have a very good trgan. Do you knov( how many stops it baa P Brown— Only about three a day, and those not very long ones. The Beotot— I hope, my dear yonng lady, that yon have always before yon some h'gh idea, some exalted type of womanhood, that you hope in time to reaoh. Miss Plnkerley— I have, indeed, sir. I have always looked forward to being a bride. Mr John Morgan married on a very tittle, and the only home be oonld offer his wife was a room at the top of a house. Ho was very sad abont it, bnt his wife, who was of the right sort, greatly oheered him by re marking that it was quite a Morganat(t)io marriage. 