The Irish Pilgrims Leave for Rome, Hundreds of pilgrims loft Ireland for Bomo laat month. The pilgrims wpro in troduced on tho oooasion of tho audionoo with the Holy Fabhor by his Eminonco Cardinal Loguo. Tho asaooiatos in oon nootion with tho pilgrimage numbor half a million. Thoir namos aro insoribod in 10 magnlfioonb albums for presentation to tho Holy Fnthor. Tho ranks of tho pilgrims rooruitod from nil over Iroland, and tho on tiro p-vrty oan truly bo tuikl to bo ropro sontabivo of Catholicity in tho oouutry. In addition to tho Bishops and prloflta who joinod tho pilgrimage at Romo, tho fol io wing took part) in it: —Tho Moat) Rov. Dr. Hoaly, Bishop of Olonfort 5 Right Rov. Monsignor Murphy, Kildaro ; Very Rov. Oanon Friokor, P.P., Rathminos ; Vory Rov- Canon Donlovy, Edinburgh ; Vory Rov. Canon Groaly, Newport, Mayo j Vory Rov. Father D. M'lntyro, O.M.I,, Stiller can ; Vory Rov. Canon Coyno, P.P., Koady ; Vory Rov. Oanon Konuody, 1M\, Cong j Rov. Fathom Ring, O.M.I., Shinnors, O-M.I,, Duggiui, P.P., Saggarth j Daly, P.P., BallFntra; M'Mool, Whitohlll, Hoaly, P.P., Olonmollon 5 Kinuolla, Ennls oorthyj Urittln, Limoriak } Connolly, P.P., Ballinakill j Monaghun, P.P., Huokotstown ; M'Shorry, O.M.L, Livorpool; Kinsollaj P.P., Edondorry ; Canton, P.P., A thorny ; M. Ooflby, Livorpool ; Farraghor, P.P., Aran lulon ; .1 Tonobry, Kilkonny ; Broon, Balblnglmiii; O'Loary, P.P., Kilbribbun j O'Connor, Woxford ; Diiikin, Milbown ; O'Shaughnouuy, BiUlingarry 5 M'Anllo, Oroooniaglon ; Tohill, Bolfuab j Luvorty, Bolfaut) } Valloly, Koudy ; O'Luvorby, P.P., Holywood; Oolgan, P.P., Monlough j M'uonvlllo, P.P., Lurgan ; Honnoiwy, Bandon ; Hogarby, Kiloommoii ; M'U.u/.;h, Tuam ; Frlorly, BallyhauniM ; (ilulvln, Wo'iib land-row, Dublin ; (Jnllon, Mill Hill, Lou don ; Harjfiott, P.I1., Uloiiunn ; Bowo, Kilkonny } M 'Andruw, Lobborfraok ; Dow ling, Arlon, County „ Cnrlow j Donnelly, P.P., ArdglaimjFarroIly, P.P., JJiUlymonoy ; Donnohy, Ladynbridgo ; Nugonti, Coolcii town \ Molonoy, Liverpool j Hliwimi, PJ.\, Kilnmllouk j O'Mullan, Mallin, County Donegal, The Irish Christian Brothers In Rome. On Ootobor ,10 tho Anglo-Itallan (Join morolal Bohool of tho Ohrlnbiuii Brobhorn, undor tho protootlou of Ht. I'ubriok, wim aUHpiolounly Innugurutoil In Llio lOlotriul City. At 'I,. 'id p.m. hiii l-]mltmtioo (Junllmil KoMplghl, VUmr-doMviil of liln llollnomj Leo XIII., arrived at the Bohool, and was met at the entrance and conducted to the oratory by Mgr. Adami, Archbishop of Oesarea ; Mgr. Stonor, Arohbishop of Trebizond ; Mgr. Kelly, Reotor- of the Irish College ; Mgr. Angeli, seoretary to his Holiness the Popo ; Rev. Pio do Man dato, S.J., Rev. D.on R. Segentini, pastor of St. Bernard's ; Rev. Brothers Hennossy, Costen, Mescall and Thayne, of the Christian Brothers. The oratory, whioh was beautifully deoorated, communicates by a large folding door with the spaoious clasB-rooms, whioh wore filled to their utmost capacity by a distinguished and representative assembly. In addition to tho many Romans, there were also pre sent very many of the English-speaking residents of Rome, including a strong representation from the Irish members of tho regular clorgy, the students from the Irish Franciscan and Dominican Colleges of St. Isidore and St. Clement, as well as many Irish and English priests and others at prosent in Romo. Many ladies were also present. When his Eminenoe Cardinal Reapighi roaohed the oratory the whole assembly ro36, and the Cardinal having taken his place the Rev. Pio do Mandato, S.J., oame forward to address the meeting. Ho said that ho had been requested by the Christian Brothers to greet his Eminence and to thank him for his visit to their now houBo in Rome. The Brothers had oome to Rome to oonduob a school for boys and youths, on the eamo lines as the sohool whioh tho English' ladies of the Sooieby of tho Bloased Virgin Mary had established for girls three years ago in the Via Naziionalo, and whioh was so fruitful in blessings and so helpful to the Sooioty for the Preservation of the Faith in Romo. The Brothers would therefore establish a sohool for boys in whioh the teaohing of the English language would form a leading feature, as well as a free evening sohool for youths for the study of English and other modern languages. Tho fame of tho Irish Christian Brothers as eduoators of youth had been long sinoe firmly established. Not alone in Ireland and England, but in all quarters of tho world, in Australia, New Zealand, India, South Africa and Gibraltar those good reli gious were to bo found, labouring with zaal and success in thoir blessed' vooation. On thoir advent to Gibraltar some 25 years ago, tho Protostant Bohools wore mainly attended by Oatholio ohildron ; in a few years all those schools- had disappeared, and tho youths of tho city wore now all eduoated by tho Christian Brothers of Ireland. The Brothers had now como to Home to help in tho work of tho preservation of the Faith, whioh tho Protestant foreign soots, aided by groat monetary rOBourcos from England and America, wore striving to undormino by various and insidious means, ohiof amongst thoir inducements being tho toaohing , of English and other languages to the un happy youth from whom they strive to filch tho priceless troasuro of faith. The Brothers had oomo from Ireland, that land so distin guished amongst tho nations of tho earth for ltB tonaoious adhoronoo to tho faith brought to thorn from Romo by their apostle Pab riok — that land whoso ohildron were found in all oountrios as priests and reli gious sproading tho dominion of God's kingdom, or, as members of tho Hook of Christ, loading to tho true fold by tho oxamplo of thoir virtuous and God-roaring lives thoir separated brothron amongst whom thoy livod. Ho prayed that this House of tho Irish Christian Brothers in Rome, might bo fruitful in blossings. Tho audionoo warmly applaudod tho oloquont) nddross of Fubhor Do Mandato, His Emin onao Cardinal Rospighi next; roso to spoak, and tho wholo assembly roso at tho name tlmo and romainod standing until ho had oonoludod. Ho said that as tho Apostlos, after tho dosoont of tho Holy Ghost, had omployod tho gift of tongueu to propagate tho religion of Christ, those good rollglous from Ivoland would omploy it) to prosorvo this glorious faith and to strengthen it againut tho aBHivulbti of horosy. From tho intorohtb whioh tho Holy Fathor took in tho works of tho Sooioty for tho Prosorvabion of tho Faith and from tho blowing whioh his Eminonou now invokod upon this latoub auxiliary to thoir work, ho antioipatod tho imppiofil) rooults. Ho prayed that tho blow ing of tho Holy Spirit might donoond on tho hoadu of tho Brobhora and tho youth whom , thoy would oduoato within those walls. Hin Eininonoo wan loudly applaudod nt- tho oonalusion of hlii Jiddrorm. Tho Cardinal next proceeded to road tho pray era pro fiui'ibixl for tho bloiuiing of a llolfgloun Houso. Accompanied by his aMonrtanbn ho vlaitod oiioh room. 1 Lin Eininonoo and all tho vluitoni woro then hoiipibably ontarbaluod by tho Ilt'oUioiu 