AROUND TOWN. [By Eubo.1 I bad a very happy Christmas with a wisdom* tooth officionsly making its presence felt, and so I decided to part company with it as it was getting too familiar. I tried' next day in Gawler bnt the man who does the job was off work, and so I went to town. I was shown into a small inner room by an infant in buttons and breeches; the dentist opened my month and pat a yqong looking glass in and viewed round, then he took a litUe crowbar and proceeded to dig about amongst the teeth, and said one needed to be ex tracted. I was then taken to another room and placed in a chair, and I ex claimed ' Yon make your living oat of the groanB of men, the screams of women, aad weeping of children ; please start the show.' He pot a crank on, a wrench and twist and out it came. 1 tben waddled oft to see Ted. Alter the usaal greeting 'no rest for the wicked,' Ted enquired after my health. Told him I was spitting blood and looked serious. Then Edward gravely advised me to see a doctor and enquired how long since the trouble started. Got near the door .and said ' Just two ho rs ag0£wheovl bad « tooth pulled out.' Vfentoff to play the joke on Reub. Ha took the bait splendidly and being a newspaper man who reads the proofs of a medical journal be was well up in the snbject and fired oft his information on Inng troubles; told me the cause of bloqd spitting, a fact he was an authority on janS then nf onnpdfi'd to catechise me. and wanted to know when the attacs started. Replied that it commenced when a tooth wa» palled out, and then hie comrades; liter the manner of news pap-er men, smiled :alpud. There 1b one thing I like about Ted. He ift generous anclalways likes to share his joys. He was feeling the pleasure of lumbago, jand jsaid a follow feeling makes us wbndrbns kind. TwaB enjoying the same sensation and'HHbuglit b Turkieh b»tb^nii«bt bene^t me. Ted answered witlJ, cWacterlfltic genposity ' Yon try one, wdjman, ;%nd if it cures you I'll hare one.' in haying a Turkish bath which lasts about two hours, the first performance is removal of TiBual attire and dress in a towel, wander into the lower regions, roost around on easy chairs, and jou are supposed to perspire bjUn-by^- Wfien joii feel like cook ipfj -SP ItVlHWt; cornea pn the soene with water to drink j then yon get toe shower bath with water that comes from two taps, hot and oold, and the cold water is gradually turned off and you get it hot and strong, after which the massage performance oommehoes. Yon are stretched out on ni marble slab and great CeaiaSi Ghost, what a tabbing from th? crown -ot, the faeaji to the «ole of the fwVandjost when it (feels as if ybiiwere beir^g robbed in two baiveB the show stops, and off yon go to the roast ing room again, and if yon are a hard oaae into th~e inner chamber and greater heat ; and eventually called out and soaped and lathered, put under the shower,; iand the ,-fater: gradnajly.. gets from warm to cold, colder, coldest at if it oomeV from the Arctic: regions. A rub down wun a rougn towel, dress, Ss. please, and away yon go fully fit and triorfor^ythjng. -j: \ .[ ?' :. I ^raweillug^rom Adelaide te Croydon by rail an Irishman was laying down the law on the injustice of the war in the Trans?aal4 putting all; the blame on the capitalists. He was taken up by another passenger who was no match for Pat's eloquence. He 'tried; to corner him on ihe iranchiaa and asked l'-hoje would you like Irishmen paying all the taxes withonta vote?' 'Bare it's only half a one I've now, sir, wi' no vote in tbe.JJjpjper-HonBe,' Efe tben jWd, 'JEeep Q0H#i 1$ demonstrate to: yoa that your whole argdnTent is diamelricaUy, logically, politically, and hietoridally wrong. . the whole tbinf is a ^imnln monsfrosity.' Tlie'n ^be carriage full of people^aigiiea in 61i|ef-o1s||rQii8 cachin ation. ; ?.'?i'fftby did jpn^pick^jn ine and the 'fffeif?' 'Wben Eugliana- wants a mau to manage her affairs she goes to Ireland. Who was ths greatest soldier? The Duke of Wellington, an Irishman. tKlio fiis the gfeatolt sf^aierf f O'Uon nel} all lriBbtEt&n.; ' When the En^liflii men went to Afrioi with tb« army they made mistakes except- Geaeral French and hiB Ir£% and tort? .Jlord Roberts and Kitchener, two Irishmen who never W^kp- nHBtakea, will see the army through. Now, more steers at the ex pense of Ireland.', And. tben the3 train smpfi|ja mo rjkrftfiol. out, feeling on very good terini , with himself. On relating tlfk incident . to R«ub he pro ceeded to demonstrate that the English were bifltoricMl-; logical iy,diaraetri6llt-, and, polUically right. He is great at »t°!|!-I- spooohofti — With 4he inBoaenee-ef a dove and the^w^Bdona jof the serpent he aaba ^nefltions j. innojbeot jHjtie ones, and you answer ojfre after another till yonjare drawn wto/adinisBions that Renb is rigkt. Whea he asked my opinions on the war I, said I'd got rid of my opinions as 'it ^rab^'tisafj^.tp have. any on that eulject in, ^Mudlja Wi'rra.' r%re -Rpnp' **; copy of Browning's poems to read, knew he would nnder atand them ; remember hearing on one oecambn, i'friiend^Bkei] -' Drown ey' the meaning of aomeyjarBe ip .one of his poems, and Browning, aoiswered ' Wben that wa« written -Ibere were «wo who kaew -what it me&ot;, the author and Ood Almighty ; mtm there is only one attdlhaaVnpttt* mrltbor.1' It9s intel ^N* MJm^::Vrowmaii *nd aiiowa'a cnltivated oimd andran aesthetic iaste. So young ladies read Browsisg and Aowwhat deter peoplethey arp. But ^b/^ihewag'nt^ipgany.'' . Renb then wanted a smoke and a walk^ and-1 ?coageoied- ifttie arrowing what was in ston» for me. He has a mania for new buiWinge, I think one of buahoestorBtnuiBt have been an archi tect. He crniged all roond Croyaon, made * bee-line for every new building aoddiftooursedon the merits anddemerits of Mf*ot styles of bonBes, . said a man adverltBM bis charactei by the way^b« hoijl Lil horoe. Then be want into Wu 8Bbttrbs«f Croydon and viewed every new boil jjog; got inside when h« could, stopped out$i-le wlien he couldn't, mid from foundation to chimney top he knew all the latest moves. But by this time it was too dark to see and Reub was full of regret that he was unable to show more bricks Jand mortar to the visitor from Gawler, but the visitor was thankful for the darkness, it brought rest, sweet rest, and he went to bed to sleep, to d'eam of doors and windows, and gables and leaded light. Methodist ministers generally look plump and fat, mostly in good killing condition, but I met one in Adelaide who looked as happy as a e;ck owl and as oheerful as a wet hen. On enquiring what people thought of the meteorological conditions causing bubonic plague in Gawler, Ted said the ^ moon often affected people who were driving at notoriety, and no doubt it caused an abnormality in the doctor's' imagination, or probably ' a plague o' these pickled herring.' ' 