Boer far Notes. NOBLE DEFENCE AT MAFEKING. THE GRIND REVIEW OF LA.DYSMITH. PBy Gbo. C. Craig. Sydney.'! Public attention U just now directed as much upon Mafeking as upon the reconquest of South eastern Freo State by Lord Kitchener, or Sic Leslie Enndle, If ia bJtjh time it waa relieved', even although B»den-Powell has frequently said the garrison was all ?' slieerj' and 'ail right.' But press and private letters have come through and reached London, from which it is gathered that it may be caoery, but the state of tho people does not seem to ba all right. If the troops and people, like those of Ladyemitb, can hardly Stand from horse slew and mule soup, the hitherto strong fortifications can be no longer etrong, if skeleton heroes only man them like the ghosts of EUinore. The defeat of the gallant Colonel Flumer within Bix milea of Mafeking, and which must have been a dflBpernto advance on tli.e Colonel's part, ^ehows that the B.--ers are still in numbers. Plumer indulged in daring tactics to deceive Snyinan, by threatening Zeerusr, then encamping at Pitsani, and by countermarching almost succeeding in entering Mafeking. The situationatMafelringisBerious, unless Colonel Drnmmond or Lord Chesham come out of the bosh land with fchuir joint flying columns and suddenly . ride tip tho streets of Mafaking, without being ' too late, too late.' Tho siege began on Oct. 13th, and ita duration is now about; tho longest upon record. A month ago Lord Roberts wrote thn gallant defender to hold out until the Queen's Birthday. It is not long to that date now, and tho chances are thab ' Bobs' will keep bis ford despite the efforts of Kruger or Snyman. With tho promise of thua early relief by the G O.C. in South Africs, B.-P. and his gallant defenders will fight to the last man, for tho Boars will no doubt Beck to gain a auoceBs by desperate storming before May 24th, Vryberg, the capital town of Bocbu analand, has yet to be captured. It is a Btrong Boer stronghold on the weat, 145 miles north of Kimberley. It was deserted by tho Cape Govern mont, Major Scott killing himself, by the degradation. Mttteking ia the chief town of Becbuatmland, tho junction of trade with the native interior, along thu Molopo river, 10 tnileB west of the Transvaal border, with good roads to Rustenbarg, Johannesburg, and Pretoria, It ib 870 miles from Capetown and 230 from Kimberloy, by railway. II, was always a busy little town, » good strategic point in the present war, and the station of the Border Police Force, chiefly recruited from the loyal Capo Dutch and British volunteers. Besides its splendid C.C. it is defended by Hore'fl Cavalry, 200 Cape Mounted Rifles, the B. S. A. Mounted Police, 100 Volunteers, ft Town Guard, two 7-pounders, and 6 Maxima. . It was reinforced just before Dronjo appeared with several heavy guns, three field guns of the Kimberley Artillery, more Mounted Police, some Imperial Mounted Infantry — the Bechuanaland BifieB. Baden-Powell defeated the Boers on October 14th, 24th, 27tli, and 31at. Mafeking soon became a pliico of soitioB, asauults, train affairs, redoubts, . Band-bug bntteries, bomb proofs, cover cellars, forts and lines of entrenchments — linos of defence which up to date hnve defied both Cronjo and Snyman. Baden-Powell ib far away from Lib military base, but being a man of wonderful reaonrco and versatility, Long Toms, pom-poms, nor fierce assaults have not made an opon door for the Boers to enter. Tho defence of Mdfeking, however, . has cauned the loss of 'many vauable lives whilst the third attempt of Plumer to relieve it has been disastrous, the Colonel himself being wounded. The line of Mafokiog trenches is iather jagged, with redan and redoubt fortifioa tions. It is lonjjoat from east to west, the railway lino traversing it, whilst the Molopo liver runs through it from .the north east; to south west. On the west side of tho defences we hold Cannon kopje, commanding by its gun fire the railway entrance, and two strongly posted Boer forts. On the north B.P. has erected strong and well placed posts with guns and steady riflemen. The Boers havo their ' ' mala camp on tho north west, with batterieu running ? east on high hills to a round fort. On tha custom eido of the town we have, well designed rodana, capable of inflicting a killing crosB flro upon any body of iiBaaultura. Inside our works are women's longer, hospital, convent, and $ . cemetery, all of which were savagely bombarded The native laager or village is on the western side with Cannon kopje and brickfield tronohua pro tecting it. Tho town and business plaoas lay more to the oouth side, the streets, etc, being open to constant bombardment, tho men, women, and children being up to all sorts of cover, even liviDg beneath the atroots. Tho Boor main camps aro known as the N.E. corner camp, the gun camp on the south,' the E. camp with a battery on its right, a G-gnn battery on tho woat firing the native village and up thu lines of street, tho S. hill battery of 6 guns, with Suvman's camp ut the N.E. comer, and two batteries on its left. Two oombats have taken place on tha northern front — Oob. 25th and Nov. 7th — another in front oC Cannon kopj.? on. Oot, Slat, two on the southern front on Optobor 17th and 27th, and one battle near the comotery on October 14th. Tho Boers got the worst of it in all these battles. In one sortie only to take some gnns in uow position was Baden-Powell obliged to rotiro without scoring. The Bplondid defence still exists and the flag is kept flying. The Boars left their western laager last week, but only to swell the columns gatherud by Snyman to block the advance of Pluinor and look out for Drummond. They also left their laager on tho southeast, where SorgeanfcPugc, of tho Capo Police, did somo daring mine wire cutting and counter-mining. Hero wo must wait and admire the oontinued heroic defenao o£ Baden-Powell and his troops till May 24th. It is reported that Drummond has passed Vryburg, 100 miles south of Mtifoking. As it is a mounted force,' with guns, and having marched steady, ib should be at Mnfolriug by the ond of thin month. All regret tho wound of Plumer. NKVBR AGAIN, AND JNIIM .ROBERTS. At last Lord Roberts haa seen tho folly of wast ing a Christian policy, in tho oonduab of. tho war, owing to tho rising of pro-Dutch on the west, the kubU to arms of Fieo StafcotB who hod surrendered,' and the treacherous action of tho buoolics in the Bouth-eaat, obligiug the Q.O.Q. to begin a new campaign in his roar, from the Orango. River. In roply to the loyal Afrikanders Sir Alfrnd Miliner' tolls thorn not to bo 'alarmed of the Boor power, as nevor again will tho British Government allow two suah ingrnteful States to risk the peaoo of South Africa in their midst, and tbab tho terms of pence nro unconditional surrender and annexation to tho British Crown, with a Britia|^ confederation of eslf governing states. It in nothing sensational (or the British to fortify upon a permanent soalo ,tho capital of Bloemfontoin. It rausb now always boootno a first-elans fortreos in South Afrioa, in peace or war time. I hopo to loam thab ' Bobs' ib not only eirrosting prominent pro-Dutch tiaitora, in front, flunk, and rear, M.P. and landrosta in cluded, but that hu will also nrresfe Sohroiner, Moltnno, Hofmoyr and o thorp, as they nrobusy, in conjunction with Fischer, Wusnolla, nntlLnydB now in Eutopo in plotting another formidable oonsplraoy to 0U3b tho British ouh of South Africa. Italy has Riven thorn no enoourageraonb, bub Franco and Russia- might, considering their casting of guns and purohiiuo of transports upon a large scale. ?' , ? TnI3 1'INAIJ OHAPTBIK OF IiADYSMITH. I desoribed tho ontry,o£ 'Lord Dundonnld into Ladyamith in the glontning of that memorable day , of relief, but tho entry Bullnrnnd of the now historic uxu'oh putt must bo told,' It was tiho'raoab martini elaht aincn the review of tho British Army in Paris, in 1816. There wero larger ronewa, utter Sobraon, tho fall of.Sabaatiopol, tho dny bnforo tho advunoo upon Luoknow, aftor tho battle of Tol-el-Knblr aud Ciindnhar, bub none ot^them woro bo rich in glory and Britloh valourdoni. ? Sir Bodvora Bullor roado hla formal entry into Ladysmith at tho head of 22,000 mun, when tho foe woio routert from befoi-o Lftdyamith, and flying to VauRoonuu'a Poos and Biggnrebors?. Tho garrison wore nb a low «bb in Btrougti). Whito'n soldior.i of defence linod tho atrootu ftB.tho rotflmrmts ontorod, and woro so weak for tho want of food that tbo majority could nardly ataud in salulo. They had to sit down in tuo kerbs, and only roso to salute th-. Qrsb com panies of oaoh rolioving roKimonb no they paoaod, Sir Qoorao S. White and Sir Redvors Bullor, with their otaff, haduuddonly mob iu the stroet, when fow woro ttboul).Halutod, had a hasty all-round shako ot tho hand, iusfc na if ad Aldnrsho*. Bub the triumph ot tho day was to oomc Ib was no As Buller left the head of the troops and took hie place beside White he received the thundering chenrs of soldiers and civilians. Tho men of tbo 1st and 2nd Devonshire^ recognised each other, broke their ranks and rushed to embrace, as the old comrades had nob met since 1895, in India. It wbb pardonable. As tho Royal Fusiliers, headed by Colonel Donald, pasBed through the shot rent ntroets they halted in front. of Sir George, when they gave tbreo cheers for the Defender of Ladysmitb. As each regiment passed they gave vont to the same martial cheers. Sir George, labouring under great emotion, returning the compliment by continuous salute, in front of the Town Hall, filled with the sick and wounded, and holed with, the shells of ' Long Tom o' Pepworth's Hill.' As the Soots Fusiliers' paasod, the pipes of the Gay Gordons played' Where hno ye been a* day, bonnie laddie, Hie'land Laddie P' ' Tho Wearing o' the Green' as the Irish regiments strode along with a halo of glory around them ; ' John Peel,' ' Tha Men of Harlech,' and ' Cock o' the North' as other corps, marohed forward with steady step, and truo. It was a scene of loyal comradeship and pafcriotio feeling on the part of the cadaverons garrison, tho tanned and hardy relieving foroe, both feeling inwardly sure that they had done their duty to Qaoan aud country, as her. Majesty that day had cabled, Tho stoutest heart in the rank molted, and tho stern war eye softeneil ints tears, of joy and gratitude. Jouberb and Botha were forgotten, but all who saw that hour of triumph will naver forget it. It was tho morn of triumph, and 'mutual congratulations of brave mun by bravo men.' It was a love feast bub only wanting the feast, As two Amorioan officers of the Maine rodo past behind Gonoral Lybtelton they' received special cheers — tho cheers of Suron dom. When the maroh-paat was over, a royal saluteof 21 guns acknowledged thn thanks for tho Queen's telegram, and tho Town Guard placed thei rheroio White and beloved Defender of the town in a carriage to his headquarters, converting his landau into a car of triumph, there to receive the Muni cipal thanks. Sir Redvers Buller also received an ovation of thanks for tho noble struggle ho had to relievo them. Then the two toroea and towns people assembled in solemn order to attend a oom raptnmoration thankRgiving servioa to Almighty God for giving them the victory, wliioh Mr. R. H. Daviu writes, ' was wonderfully imptuastvo in its simplicity and meaning.' When all waa over Sir Redvora Bnllor, in general orders, gave a stirring address to tha troops, in well merited praise for their magnifioont battlo endurance and siege defonco. Ho specially praised tho soldiarn of Natal for their splendid determina tion to maintain tho honon? of t'aeir Quoen and country.' He further euid s— ' Tho garrison of Ladysmith bavo during four months hold ' their position againBt every attnok with complete bucogs^, and endured many privations with admirable fortitude. ' Tho relieving force had toforco its way through an unknown oonnbry, across nn unfordabio river, and over almost inaccessible boighba in tho face of a fully prepared, well-armed, and tenacious enemy. ' By the exhibition of the truoat courage— tho oours.ge that burns steadily ne well as flashes brilliantly — it has accomplished its objeat and added a glorious page to tho hiatory of tho British, Empire, 'Liidysmith has been hold and is relieved. ' Sailors and soldiers, oolonials and home-bred havo done this, united by one desire and inspired by one patriotism. ' Tho General Commanding congratulates both forces upon the martial qualities they have shown ; ho thauks them for tboir determined efforts ; and ho desires to offer his sinooro sympathy to the relatives and friends of those good soldiers and gallant oomrades who havo fallen in the fight.' And thus ended tho great siogo of Ladyamith. affecting as tho Jubilee procession, as magnificent as the Czir'o entry into Moscow, bb fall of enthu siasm as Ddwt-y's welcome to New York. Bailor's men were mad with joy, as it was the end ot their long month of desperate bat tlea, and they found the .fUg flying. They wero all tattered and torn in looks, as ragged as urchins, their uniforms covered with mud and blood stains, but cheering, laugh ing, shouting, and helmet toBeing. White's garrison men looked like starving, yellow faced' with fever, their eyes hectio and staring, carrying their past Bufferings with heroic hardihood and pluck, struggling to be strong once more. OfHcSrs in both armies recog nised and saluted old friends as if in Pall Mall, or Salisbury Plains. Butler's army of 22,000 men followed sharply after Pteter's Hill, their stubborn, tenaciouB and hetoic G.O.C. The Gordon pipers played them in, and tho women and children waved flags and handerohiefs with their weak arms and beating hearts. Cheers aroBO upon all sides as Sir Geo. S. White, Sir Arch. Hunter, Brigadiers Hamilton, Howard, Brocklehnrst and Staff took up a position to hold the march paat of troops as heroic as their own. On came the corps and battalionB in perfect array, all with recent reputa tions and self-Bacrificiog ardour that bad saved the townspeople, then receiving them with open arms and shouts of welcome. It was the scenes of Luoknow and Kimberloy over again. The Dublin Fusiliers had the honour to lead the enbry and grand march paat by the gallant and fever- stricken White. In order strode forward irregular sized lines of Lancers, Hussars, guns and gunners, mounted infantry, irregular horse, infantry, sailors, Indians, natives, ambulances, army service and other corps. Tbo joyous relieved and tho relievers each cheered, with roars of cheers in return. Somo of Bnller's heroes danood and sang with joy as they passed White, Hunter, and Hamilton, under the folds of the flag they bad kept flying. It was not coneidered ont of order. 