C1HAPTER XX. It isi a glorious inorning-no trace now in e eaith; or air, or sky of, ttho storm of three " days ago.. B3ut at Seafield Farimi the 'ld ??shadow :still broods, growing' darker and darkir, or sb it seems to me. No letter: has come from George -Eden, arid .Judith is beginning' to' lose- heart again :not in fear.for.him now, but in a pique that is daily growing into pain. I cannot :make her take: his: palpable deseirtion lightly 'It does her n.o -good . to tell her •that they.:were'not engaged, 'to remind her that, after all;, he was only a. boy, did not iaknow his own mind, would actually soon forget, like other boys.. These sophistries do " net stisfy .her. She thoaght George '!:Eden cared more for her than that-was not i:too much of a boy to be constant to her alind she will not be comforted. I blame him very much, for he was not such a boy as not to k-now he was making love to the girl, but I blame myself for having ever coun tena.ced such dangerous nonsense. If I had not been complaisant, Judith could riot have granted him all those meetings on the shore, could not have sat listening to his whispers. in the twilit parlour. But I "ever. dreamed of any danger to. her. 'If there was any heart to be broken, I con cleded it was George Eden's heart ; and, with some small malice for his. having over looked my own particular charms, Ifelt that I should not greatly pity him, always sup posing the heart-break to be only a slight. ono and perfectly curable. Bait the blue -eyed, frank-faced sailor-lad has turned the tables cleverly upon us both, and, if Judith has been made the greater fool of, it is cer tainly. through no' superior discretion of mine. If Curli Gresson is triumphant at the ful filment of his prophecy and the desertion of -Eden, he at leasts keeps his triumph to him 'self;.I Hle never inquires about him, and we :-never vouchsafe any remarks on the subject A?.lice is sorry for Judith's sake, but I do not think she misses the young follow as, much .as wedo-as how indeedl could she P Lud low Gresson sometimes asks * if Judith has heard from him, but always with a little' contemptuous look. I think he used `to imagine we both made too much of 'George Eden, . and are rightly pun ibhed for it now. " As for BramblelHall and its inmates, they might be a hundred miles away, for all we' see or hoar of them. I do not go near the * woods' now-never even so much as cross the river. ' I am beginning to be very angry and to wish I had givou lious Liddel a very "different answer when he had asked me to be his wife. Probably my too- ready acquies ,cence had disenchanted him ; probably the gift so easily won had palled upon him al ready P So I torment myself, going over and over again that short wooing, every word of which I remember so well. The domestic' atmosphere has not cleared at Seafield Farm, but there has fallen on the house a kind of lull, a pause, which seems to me to me ominous. Curll never speaks ; Alice nover speaks. Ludlow, and I keep up a constant quarrelling, but this is more to break the oppressive silence than that we care to speak to each other. Miss Fleming is too depressed to enter into con veorsation in public, but in private she goes over and over the old story with a sameness which wearies me, but to which I submit since it seems to afford her some consola- I tion. Cruizer never comes back again- for tlhe best of reasons. One day I come upon the poor brute's body, thrown into a ditch down in the meadows, and. I wonder who was cruel orough to take away his life. But I do not mention my discovery, and, however he has met his fate, there he still lies, all his silky brown curls sodden and draggled, and his poor carcase bloated and horrible, in the stagnant water under the willows and the matted water-weeds. Alice does not ask me why my lover does not come to woo. I suppose she knows that if I knew I would tell her fast enough. And I begin to lose my appetite, and .to mope a little; though 1 am not going to give in like Judith. As for her, I have no patience with her. If George Eden has forgotten her, surely she ought to have suffi cient spirit to put hun out of her head I It it comes to pass that Rous Liddel deserts me in like manner, I skall not make such a donkey of myself-! .My Desmond blood will be up, and I will at least take care to keep the for concealed even if he iA. "eating out my heart ! On this June morning I .have almost -re= covered tosay good-byes mentally-- to,Real Pierrepont Liddel, aind to let him trouble my maiden peace no more. I think I. could do this-bury away the last week out of my life, and comport myself` as though it had never been. Could I do it? Would the, , dead week, 'stiff and stark, draw me to hear in the dark '? My mind mind misgives. me, as I wander under the June leaves, under the meadow hedgerows, carefully eschew ing that one deep ditch where the willows dip into the still water, and where next, year the water-weeds will be green with a richer growth. Poor Cruizer- poor) faithful dog 1 It would be well if men--ind 'women too would :borrow. a little of, the fidelity, and long suffering.of thy.kind I' .. Musing :thus, with a sadness not too well suited to the June" day I am, distuibed' by the sound ;of: my ,own name, shouted'?In melodiously by, the dairymaid Susan; iL' w'ho stiinds,. with ,her apron over her head(, :wav-. ing.her red arm to: mr from the top of the field' '.What's the >matter . I` cry, when, I have leisurely come within hail. Yeur wanrting in the house. Th' :old; lady- from over, she be inside looking zfor. you. -Mrs. Liddel ?,' SNo lessi:For pitys sak;e, miss, do Ssmooth? your haid and- straighten yourself ;a bit I :You:looked i. orackit, like, with" youe list all a one side !:n "And she be that par ticular, .I heerd the.imaids say, over I . She'd notishkit if you had a pin askew Il'-: :.:. :. Marvelling: much what Mrs. Liddel.` can want with me,: I alk ':with the carefult 9 Susafn back to the house.:* taide the door: waits the' carriage witl'the long-tailed colts;, and old Gwilt in his :tarnished livery. I do Inodt .ause to.' straigh ton.: myself ; it "can Smake no differeince-what she. thinks of me now. ? She kniown what 'manner of _girl:' I am vorky well.; tihe: smoothing." of hair or the settiing into 'decorous order of "hiat or S?dress will not alter her opinion. ' I feel just a little nervous as I open the parloir- door. SMrs:. Liddel :is standing in the : middle .of the room, leaning on her' gold-heded. cane, Alice at a little distance, also standing, rest ing her hands on the back of: a' chair. I am sorry I war~not in the house when Mrs. Liddel arrived ; I would not have allowed . Alice to appsar'before;her in. that old' black calico gown.. ' , ' 'Here is my cousin,' Alice says ; and the 0 old woman tarns round:stiffly, and, holding out her hand to me, draws me close to her " and kisses.me. 'I would have come before,' she says, t still holding my hand, and gazing sharply into my face-' I promised to come at one s once-but .the bad weather and my own r failing health prevented me: Anrd now I want to take you back to Bramble Hall, my dear-will you come ? ' Her words are cordial enough, but her manner is icily cold. . ,,What means her son has used to wring this promise from her I t do not know, but I do know that she has not been in any great haste to fulfil the promise, and that the- fulfilling of it is very bitter to her. ' You are. very kind,' I mutter, 'wishing she would not, look so hard at me withi her sharp black eyes. t' You have promised to be my sona' wife. SIt was very good of you. I hope yoa;will make him happy. ' I hope so,' I murmur again. ' I think a good wife is the thing most calculated to make him so. I often wished 'he would marry-very often.' She sighs-a bitter, regretful sigh. Alice Slooks at her, and I loeek at Alice. Thire.is on my cousin's face an indescribable ex pression of scorn and dislike; but Mrs. Liddel does not ssee it-does not glance at her. ' My son has been away for the last week; but I expect him home shortly; I dare say however, you already know more of his affairs than I do, Miss Desmonde.' I do not know whether she is sincere or not in this speech. I only know it makes me wince a little. She is still devonring me with her black glittering eyes, and I wish from my heart this ordeal was over. And Alice will not speak; she only stands the'e like a ghost, gazing from one to the ether with a face which looks as it it were carved oat of stone. 'If you will got ready to come With me, I will wait for you in my carriage,' Mirs. Liddel says, and drops my hand. 'Won't you wait here,' I ask, pushing forward the most comfortable chair in the room, and glancing reproachfully at Alice. ' 'No, thank you. I would prefer being out in the air,' Mrs. Liddel answers, with a shake of her hooded head, and a half-scorn ful, half-curious glance round the dreary little parlour. Then her eyes meet Alice's, and the curiosity intensifies as she takes her in from head to foo, ii one compre honsive. glance. 'I should never have known you, Mrs. Gresson,' she says coolly. I am sure of that,' Alice answers qdietly, 'The best friend I have over had would scarcely rcognise me now.' ' One's best friends forget one sometimes,' tihe old woman sneers, turning again to me. 'Romember that, Eileen Desmonde. When your pretty face grows old and ugly, it will be forgotten too. Give me your arm, child, and I will go out to my carriage. The air in this room suffocates me.' The malicious smile dies out of her wrinkled face ; her large gaunt features take their old stern look. Leaning heavily r on my arm, she bows ceremoniously to my v cousin, whose face has grown as white as N ashes, and walks out of the parlour, and C along the passage, slowly and feebly, and r from there, with the united aid of Gwilt, u myself, and her golden-headed cane, into i the ancient drab-lined coach, the crested I door of which old Gwilt shuts after her a with a pompons bang. . ' Old cat ! ' I mutter disrespectfully, turn- I ing back into the parlour. Alice still stands I where we have left her, her hands .on the back of the chair, her head thrown back. 1 The steny look of scorn and hatred still on n her face. ' You don't mind what that disagreeable old woman said, Alice ? I I"exclaim, puttihg i my arm reaund he.: ' I hate her" I" Alice says; without looking b at-me. ' I hate her I -' - ? .. ' -A' But why should-you hate her, Alice ? ,I wouldn't be\bothered hating her, if I w ere 1 you. Why should you, hate -:her? ' 'Ahi, whyi indeed? ': cy. coasin echoes vaguely, stares out of the window at: the black hoises and '.the hearse-like old coach, . 'which shuts the blessed sunlight oat, block 1 ing up the window:. - . ' It was'a sad come-down to :her to be obliged to come here a'ter me,'' I say, with a little malicious triumphli. 'I am glad she had to do 'it, Alice; aren't you ?' ' It was a just punishment,'. Alice mutters, with a slight inflection of scornful triumph in her voice.- .But "who- was -punished,i or. where the justice lies I do not ,plainly.see. I' , wish you had smartened yourself up a bit ?efore you came in-she's such an ob servant old thing,'", I venture regretfully. ',`You. could make yourself look so much :better, Alice, if 'you 'would: only" take .the east pains With yourself :' :' I 'lt does not matter. She sent fer me, and I came just as I .was.' 1 ' I would have let her wait till ..I was ready.' ' I let her wait a good .-while: But you had better pat your things together, Eily, or shei will be :tired of waiting now. Come u pp-stairs and I will help y?ou,= dear. I am, glad for'year sake she has come at last.'. [ i.:ruan iato:Juidith's roomr to wish. her good- bye but I leave: Alice to tell her all:the I rest: I think she gulesses 'soinething from m iy face, but I have noit time to answer her. woderiung: questions. :Neither CurlIl inor hi blibother is about the placed,so I am saved r the trouble of wrishidgl each good-bye. And, aftor all,I dare say:I shall .behback at the r fiarman "ia week-or .less. ;I :.don't suppqose \- M Ds Ifiddel will want to keep me longer I than that.: - And sio,;witha b eating heart, I step into theli.-Iiimbering cold'.vehicle and take. my; _ place opposite the mother of my, futire hius r band, to be coldly stared at fortthe space of t, ime'it will take the long- tailed colts to trot :~ioberly .from Seafield Farm..to Bramble SHall:' Ipray tbat it may not"be long. I am a beginning to think that onemight: pay too I dearly. for even Rouis aIiddol's love. A r shadow seems to, have come over the ex r ceeding.brightness and glory of': the June t morning. even .more gloomy., than .ithe .shadow of the Bramble woods. nder which f we are driving. , The "thoight of Renas , Liddel makes me iantoeiably happy, beut the keen .back eyes piercing ?me through I and through from under those gray eyebrows i. keep my exultation within sober limits for a the present. I do not 'think.;my life ',at c Bramble Hall will be all .' beer and skittles' by any means ; but perhaps, some such e drawback as a mother-in-lawr was necessary to prevent me from losing my fo.lish head. r Just now I feel like a small bird under the eyes of a basilisk, and can "do nothing but , smile a sickly smile whenever my. glance r encounters that cruel scrutiny. Perhaps it e will be better by- and-by. Just now I can n imagine her rathbr- disliking me. than other I wise, since I have upset her own pet scheme I, with regard to her son. Rat I. will do my best to overcome that inevitable. dislike.- .:.I r will do everything that I can think of:to n please her. I will make her. love me.better I than she could ever have loved Lady Cecile a Pierrepont-because I will be kinder to. her' s than Lady Cecil ever would have been:-. SI have been three days -at Bramnble Hall, r this evening Mr Liddel is expected home:. He has -beend dlayed in' Loii?don" lo-ger-than i. he looked for. and has written once to his l1 mother since, but never to mee. - It is exquisite 'weather ; all the' roses in the old-fashioned gardens are in full bloom ; t in the woods the air is full of the fragrance _ of lilac and syringa and honeysuekle; from the upland meadows come warm delicious * breaths of new-mown hay. But I roam in a neither meadow nur woodland-old Mrs \- Liddel supervises me too carefully for that i. I suppose it is for her son's sake that she i wearies me with so much care, with so many directions, with such constant espionage. ; I may not wear this, I may not wear that; SI must read improving books, and sew ia: a the mornings ; I must wear a veil if I go ount in the sunshine; I must walk insteadof r runnig; I must practice regularly every s day With all these restrictions, my life -is: Srapidly becoming a burden to me, and yet I E dare not rebol. One thing only I stoutly . refuse to do, and that is to brush my hair Ssmoothly away from my forehead. -Mrs SLiddeL says that only barmaids and shop Sgirls wear it so ; ,but, while I wore it so, Rous fancied me ; and so I will wear'.it till he himself tells me to change the fashion of. Sit. So I tell his mother boldly; and with. shrug of her gaint shoulders she waives the question till Rous comes back. But by means of such trifles as these Mrs. Liddel makes me feel how very far short I fall of her ideal, and manages to take a good deal of the spirit of enjoyment out o~ me, if she fails to destroy my innate solf-cpomplacency, Lady Cecil lPierrepont i still at Bramble Hall; and, though sha has never by word or look betrayed to me one shadow of dis appointment, I can see that her manner to. wards me is changed Her cold eyes are always criticising ; there is always a half pitying sueer on her lips when she looks at me. Sheo makes me feel awkward who am not awkward by nature; shl makes me feeolmiserable, taking awary the happy ex pression which is the. chief charm -of my face. I wish Ronus would come back, for he would take my part against these proud cold women, who are jealous of his having cheson.me, and of me because Iam younger and pretty. I feel like a child at school for the first time-there seem to be no more play for me ; or rather I am beginning to feeool that-I aa a child no longer, and that there are more serious thing in life than II rambles in the woods or on the seashore, with an odd flirtation hero and there. The very word 'flirtation' would make Lady Cecil Pierrepont's smooth black hair rise c upon her head, and stand on end like quills w upon the fretful-or, as Jack always quotes M it, the frightful porcupise. Lady Cecil Pierrepont never flirted in her life-or so P she would tell you, if you t.ared to put the at tluestion, with an annihilating glance, of n her cold clear eyes. I observe that those a people who do their little best to captivate a -and fail-are never termed, opprobrious-.. ly, flirts. And yet I do not see that they are in the smallest degree better than we, who succeed with perhaps far less hard work. I think Lady Cecil flirted a good deal more with her cousin than I have ever done ;. but of course Iam not such a fool as to go and tell her so. Nevertheless she must knew it very well in her heart of hearts; and I should think it would make her feel rither mean. " I have had a little .congratulatory note from Miss Fleming ; but she does not men tion any one else at the farm. She accuses me of being a close-little selfish thing not to :t have told her my secret long ago;'. bat.'she :a writes very affectionately, and I think she is 2 really glad of my happiness. I shall have her on a visit at Bramble Hall when I come' into possession-so I promise myself, blush ing at the boldness of my own sweet'. thought. For, great a flirt as I have been i in my time,' now that I am forced to look upon myself as'engaged, the novelty of the position gives me almost as much dread as pleasure. I feel just a little subdaed, a little regret at losing my liberty, a little frightened at the responsibilities I have se lightly under taken, a little sorry for the sunny vale of childhood out of which I have, strayed, and back to whose sheltered haven I can never find my way again. I wonder how Ludlow Gresson 'took. the news of my engagement. Ijshould like to have told him of it myself, just to see how hi would have looked. .I do not think he would mind very much ;; therefore :the wish is not so cruel as it may seeom. -'He treated me very cavalierly when I wanted him to be civil ;.and it will be a small.revenge'now to show him that a better man :than hie could care to win and wear me. I:" wish Jadith had told me what he said, or if he said any thing at all. But she never mentions his name. Neither does she ..mention George Eden. 'She must have lost hope of a letter from him; but I am sure she thinks he. will come' back to Hove, as he ' said: he = ould. 'She does not say anything iabout Alice "or her husband, therefore I concluade things at 'the farm are in just the isaen condition as: when iI left. it. I had "charged 'Jaditlih to take care of Alice ; but I am. not s anxious about her - as I was. I am. piersuaded' that. she willf take no more rambles lit night, now that lier curiosity .as to Cut:ll's whereabouts are satisfied ; and I make? hi'promis: to, write to me if anything of any , consequence happenried, o if she wanted me hack 2at the' Theiefore my mind is pretty easy 'about, those I :have left behind ;." and, if Mrs.` Lid del:wotild'only leave me id peaco, :I shouild ber vety happy, sitting but on the sunny,!!ter races, or in the prim old gariden, orin some' quaint-carved chair in the !Red Drawing Room, drearising of my lover.i But she will not leave me in peace.' I Una not sare `:of. five minutes from morning till night, or` my own mistress for on'singloe hour ini the day. From breakfast till luncheon we 'sew in the' Paradise Room; from, Innoheon till' four o'clock we pace the terraces in' solemn pro cession ; at four ,o'cloCk Bwedrik tea out of rare old china in the Great Drawing1-Rom'; from that time till dinner I npractics :upon the piano, or walk again perhaps from L dinner till tea we read in the drawing-room, otr-very rarely--I manage to escape to the garden with the little boy, who alone seems to enter into my 'ideas'. and :to :share my natural predileotion" for the open air. [To an CONTINUED] 