Gawler Presbyterian Ohuroh. REOPENING SERVICES. The reopening eervloes after renovation of the Presbyterian Church were held or Sunday last. Large congregations gathsraft to hear the homely discourses of the Moderator of the Presbyterian AaasmUv (Rev. H. T. Hall). Oa Monday evening a pabllo meeting, followed by a sapper was held. The pastor (Rev. J. Hendry, ILA.I oooaplad the chair and briefly referred Is the occasion of their special gatherings, lbs work of renovation had been vary taatefsJIy ^ done. The Rev. H. T. Hum. oongratalated 1st Gawler Presbyterians ob having carried ont such a muoh needed undertaking, aai delivered a abort address on the work of lbs charon. He expressed the opinion that ths Presbyterian Church was not so sjgrsssiis as acme others. Mr W. M. Oatts, the Glasgow T.ILO.A1 Identity, was present and delivered his first address 1b Sooth Australia, He said that he was born loto a Presbyterian house, aad although he had she greatest admlratloa tor Baptists, Wesleyans, OoagregatfoaatistB, aad members of other denominations, hs an. posed he oould bold the opinion that Pm- - bytorianiam waa the right form of ohoroh ? government. (Laaghter.) He held a brief from tbe Free Ohoroh of Sootland to otst greetings to all Presbyterians he met Ia Australia, and It was fitting that hie.flist appearance should be io a PresbyteriaB oharch. The visitor then delivered a* earnest address on the relation of maasbsts to the work of their ohoroh. He aald that tbe congregation that delegated all she work to one man, the pastor, was not la a healthy oondition. Every oae who was a member ought to be a worker. 8peeking of soas of the thugs that were required In order that ~ a Christian worker might do servioe for fitod/ , he referred to the oharacteristios of tts ?-' early Christians. They were men o£: good repute. 8omatlmes wo heard snasdas things said about ohurcb members. ' Hefe v 00 better than be oogbs to be.' Scsep people were a great stumbling Mock. Tbi-i early Christians were men who wera fall «f£ faith. They wore men full of wisdom, fifi business natters we applied all ths wtsdoar! we conld. God gave a man what se atkol for. Why the gospel was not making seen headway waa because men were giving the fag end of their life to It. Then the oaite, ; dlsoiples were men toll of the Holy Ghost, . What a power God's children in this torn ooald be if they wen full of the Holy Unset. Dr. Patoh was also prassnt aod daUvsNl J a brief address. He spoke of Mm satbtaat tlon It gave htm to see snob ? pleos of work. : It was permissible for as to look with siaoere aatlsfaotioa on any kind of work ml was done welL 'A thing of beaarviaa jsf for ever.' It was a ?Ingalar IsiproprieW that as a rale oar booses were beaatifal aed oar oharobes not so. He expressed tj» hope that they woald oot forge* tbe adsra* meat of tho laaer man, without wkjgh external adornment ooanted for aotbisg. ; The Rev. J. HnroBT expressed thanks te those who had helped to make the aarvioat and meeting a snooess, fie was tbankfol to the frlenda from other churches. It was pleasing that the oharchas In Gawler as ? whole were so friendly. ? . ' Daring tbe evening solos wore readsrel by Misses S. Wilkinson and B. Blgga, a reoltttlon by Miis Deland, and aaleotloos by the ohotr. with Mr O. J. FUsell at lbs harmoniam. The sapper at the Foresters' Ball waa at . ?vvii ?uwwwi iu» aaara wh bo* auwuwp.j datlon for all at one sitting. The taUai were tastefully laid and the ladies of ths congregation were In oharge. The interior of tbe oharob has a vsw pleasing appearance and tbe character of die work reflects awoh erodlt on fthcoto* tractor, Mr W. H. Cox. Tho osUleg fc papered, with centre flowers picked oat Is cream and gold. The ooralos Is painted and - picked oat In colors to match tbe walla. ' Aroand the top of the walls Is an eighteen Inch fringe of lignomour painted and nickel 4 oot in suitable colors. The walk $M^ oalsomined a warm light salmon tint, with i , painted dado to match. The dado is dlfUsi -.-i from the other portion of the walls by a :? band la three oolors. Tho glass has been removed from the windows oa the oast aad west sides of the oharch and replaced with diamond plate. Tbo glass in the windows at the north and sooth ends of the bnUdtaf has been replaced by lead lights floss* posed of fanoy muffled cathedral glass. Tbs ? old gas pendants have been removed and handsome fanoy brass pendants rorjoMtated, while incandescent lamps have been fixed. Two standards with lnoandeaoent ixiagi iave been placed on the rostrum. New brass brackets have bean placed on tbs northern wall to matoh. The oadar screen inside the main doorway has had she doth : removed from the panels and lead lights composed of fanoy ntufftad cathedral flsM j substituted and pink jewels placed In fcvta oa top. Tbe windows inside have baas i ploked out In two shades of brown to bar* j monfse with the walls and dado. The- 1 r- strnm and the seats have been nvarakhed j am.1 6La m__&_ ? .. ? I ? M V - M S.LI.-. .11 .J ?»» ww »?»*? roDumoerea. xa aaaifwn aw the woodwork on the outside aad the gates have been repainted in soft brown. All tbs oement facings, windows, doors, aad tower have been reoolonred a light oraam. Averf v artistic effect bas been prodoosd and Is* ;I contractor has been deservedly oongras*- -.? lated. Messrs English and Soward wow the architects, and Mr D. McMillan attsa ?- as supervisor. Tbe east of tbo twd«tsklsf is something over £130. 