the maplewood mystery, It was call d Mnp!t:wxod. There were one hundred and fifty »acrcb in tho estate— one huud . . I acre:', -.ff J and fifty acrce of water —in a brtiuiifiill:i!.-'' upon the northern shore of which, hactal by a forest of huge maples, stood the ti.anrton. C.ip.siiii K-Up'.i Severn? had lived in the m. in -ton mil il lie died. He had never married —or. at tart, ho had never bad a wife in this cjnnti y - and tta only member of his house hold who n h - had admitted to share ot all in his cnijtfriio:. ship had Ir-cn 8eth and Hester D«U»;?e,v --the two sen-ante who had been with him fr.»n> the beginning. U;v.hi bia death-bed, contrary to general expvctiTio'i, Captain Hnlph had remembered n Meter. ;tnd to this sictoi and licr heirs he had wi led bin estate. She was a widow named Altai tan. . She came to Maplewood. bringing with her an only daughter. But Mrs. Alhcrton did not rcranin at Mnplcwoud a mouth. She got frightened at strange thing?-: which happened there, and moved .nv.j.y; m;d oi c long tJic died. And so MjipWyot) came to ba the prop erty of Ldlio Atlicrton, ber daughter. But Lillic would not go live there. She iei. old Beth and Hc.-tcr Dabncy hold the place in charge, (o find tenants if passible. I'aities came and hired the mansion, but they did not remain. Captain Swcrns had been dead three yea re. and fully a score of people had tried to live nt Maplewoo > and had failed, when my attention was attracted by the beauties of the place. I bad just come home, and had promised my wife that I would try aud settle down. My wife and Minis Atherton were friends, and it was partly through this friendship that 1 was led t o Maplcwnoff, Lillie shook licr head and advised no not to go. She told me candidly that it was haunted. She had herself seen and heart) most frightful thing there. But i was determined to make the trial. And so, with a letter from Lillie, we pre sented ourfelvcft at Maplcwood. I found old Dabncy to be a man of 60, or thereabouts, and his wife of the same ago. They were meek and humble, and seemed anxious to serve me. In fact, Seth was altogether too meek. He had evidently schooled himself into the character. His face was cunning and sinintor. Besides Seth and Hester, I found dwelling at Maplewood Peter Dabncy and hie wife. Peter was a young tnao of fivo-and-t wcnty, and his wife was an innocent-looking woman, with tlie appearaucc of a household drudge. Old Dabncy shook his head with mysteri ous solemnity when I told him I had hired the place, and said he hoped I might be able to do what others had not done. I asked Seth how he and liis wife had managed to remain there; and he replied that he had bound himself by an oath lo Captain Ralph that he would remain and care for the mansion while he lived. " And how," I asked, " does your son and his wife manage to stand it?" II My boy," answered Seth, with a sigh, " stays for his poor mother's sake." Could 1 have had my own way, under the impressions which, forced themselves upon me, I should have turned old Dabney and his family out before I moved in; but that couia not oe oone, as it had been a condition of Captain Ralph's will that Seth and Hester should God a home beneath the roof while they lived. So the Dabneys were permanent fixtures. On our first night at Maplewood we were kept up until very late. It was almost mid night before our beds had been set up, sod while the servants were at work in that do department my wife Molly sod myself worked at our library. The clock had just struck twelve when Peter's wife — her name was Lucy— looked in and informed us that the chamber was arranged. I was hanging a picture, and wished to finish it before I left it. Molly's dressing-case was in a small room upstairs, and she said she would run nnd get it. She took a candle and went. I had finished my work, and had just folded up my step-ladder when my wife came rush ing in, with her candle extinguished, and as she dropped her dressing-case upon the floor I caught her in my armB. She was pale and frightened. As soon as she could speak ( heard her story. She had gone tothe room and got her case, and as she reached the head of the staircase on ber return she had seen upon the land, ing at her right a female figure robed in white, with blood upon its ashen face, and with dabs of blood upon its drapery. The spectre waved its hand and said to her in an awful whisper: " "Woman, there is a curse upon this house, and upon all who follow in the footsteps of Ralph Severn s ! " Surely this was not a pleasantopening; but I urged upon my wife she had not been harmed, and, furthermore, that a respectable ghost would have appeared to me rather dun to her. "It was cowardly," I told her, "to frighten a woman when there was a man io the house." And I kissed ber and asked her if 6he would wait until I had seen the spectre. She said she should not fear while I was near her. It was lialf-an-hour after midnight when we retired. The chamber which we had selec ted was the pleasantest one in the mansion— a laigc, square room, with a deep bay win dow looking down upon tho lake. I left a email lamp burning upon the dressing-table, and, being very tired, I fell asleep soon. How long I had slept I cannot say, but I was awakened by my wife, who was clinging to roc in fright. As I awoke I heard a low moaning, as of someone in distress; and pre sently a whisper, as though the speaker were dose to my ear: " A curse is upon thi house, sod upon all who would follow in the footsteps of Ralph Severns! Beware! ' The lamp had been extinguished, and while the foregoing words were being whis pered the apartme'nt was pervaded by a sul phurous, wavering glare— and presently a female figure appeared at the foot of the bed. It was surely nothing of human mould, for it stood upon the air, and as I sat up I could sec its feet treading empty space on a level with the bed-frame! The figure bowed Its head, aud melted away into air. As soon as I could collect my scattered senses 1 broke from my wife's grasp and leaped out upon the floor, and very quickly lighted the lamp. '.The doors were fast — lorkfd — a 1 had left them; the windows had not )>cen touched; the hangings were all in tact. If niy wife had held the reins of direction wc should have packed up in the morning and left; for sho was not only convinced that she had seen a bonaffide ghost, but she be lieved that the terrible visitation would be repeated so long as wc remained baneath the roof. But I was net to be driven off so easily. The figure which I hod seen in our chamber was but a shadow— I knew that. But whence came it ? My wife thought, from the land of spirits; but 1 did not. In the morning old Dabncy made it his business to ask me how I had rested. I told him I had been seriously disturbed; nnd I gave him lo understand that if the spirits, of Captain Severn's departed victims wished to inhabit the place, 1 should leave. 1 could sec by the old man's face, as he turned away, that he was satisfied. It was a very slight token wbich.bis face gave, but it . wan a key to the xqyataqr. As soon ea I coold get sway by myself Z went up into our chamber, taking with me a hammer and a chisel. Around the chamber was a high oaken wainscot, and this I proceeded to sound with my hammer, and very soon I found a place opposite the foot of the bed which guve a hollow Round. Nevermind the details of my search. It occupied time, but I succeeded ia the end. I found entrance into this last- named pi nee from the cellar, and there I found what I had anticipated— a powerful argand-hurner, with a polished concave re flector: two larro mirror set at n proper angle for throwing a reflection upwards; nnd directly in the l(ne of this reflection was the sliding panel in the wainscot of my cham ber. 1 also found a long white robe; and it was. no loDgcr a. mystery how- the ghostly spectacle hod been produced. 1 found speak ing tutas leading upward, and upon return ing to ray chamber 1 found a point at the head ot the bed - where the wall-paper waft perforated, and upon putting my finger through I found. the end of the tube! Thus tho dreadful whiBperB were accounted for. Old Dabncy had spent both time and money io perfecting his arrangement for frightening tcnonta sway from Maplewood, and he had Uoptid that for a mere nominal stun he might in time be able to purchase the estate; but his hopes were crushed when 1 appeared to him with the proofs of his trickery. If he had thought to deny anything, I very soon convinced hint that I had seen the world, and thut all attempts at further de ception would be worse than useless. To save himself from public condemnation, he finally confessed, He showed me how he had arranged wooden troughs under the eaves, and deep down in the cellar, in which to roll cannon-halls for tiie production of thunder; and he shewed to me other speaking tubes, leading from & point below to various points above, by neati of which lie could cause the voice to sound in different parts of the maneion at the same time. He confessed that his wife nnd liis ton's wife often appeared to female guests in ghostly guise, which accounted for my wile s fright upon the landing. I sent for Mieq Atherton, and in the depth of her gratitude for the regained estate she allowed Seth and his family to depart tin- whipped of justice; and we heard of them no more. (The Eod.) 