THE CHINAMAN AS HE IS. [lloyd's weekly.] John Chinaman is neither quite tho rogue represented in Bret Harte's poem, Tho Heathen Chiueo, nor a! together tho simpleton pictured in Lamb's immortal ' Dissertation on Roast Pig.' Ho is tho world's donkey. He can bo led ; ho will not be driven. As in tho case of Gordon, he will, after proving him, honor a great man, whatever his nationality. But to Western ideas John's life is dovoted to fraud. Ho believes, and always has believed, that he sees with two eyes, and that the ' foreign devil' sees with only one. We wear black for mourn ing or for our boots ; ho uses white. We care for the living, he cares for the dead. With him the place of honor is on the left hand. He doffs his hat as a sign of disrespect. Ilis roses havo no fragrance. His women folk wear no petticoats, and do no shopping. If hp. is happy enough to escape from tho poverty and drudgery which form the rule of life in the Flowery Land, his table is the measure of his riches. His legal code is formed on tho supposition that fraud is universal. Trial by this code is synonymous with torture. It is not novel to find a governor who lias been exiled for his misdeeds recalled und promoted because his successor has eclipsed him in rascality. From those noar the throne to those in the hovel the practice is to give bribes to all above and to exact them from thoso below. Government goods are some times a year in transit, tho officials in charge being moro anxious to levy fees for alleged obstruction than to expedite the Imperial business. And yet during the time the East India Company traded with China thero was no record of money being lost through tlio fraud or failure of a native merchant, though large sums had to be handed to China men for the purchase of tea in the interior of tho country, where the foreigner was not permitted to go. John's simplicity is exemplified iu the fact that during the China-Japan war he put up umbrellas to protect him from the enemy's shells. One writer, describing the capture of Atnoy by the British in 1841, says the officials pre pared a battery of 200 guns along the shore. Sailing vessels would have had to run the gauntlet of their fire. Ad miral Parker, however, had his sailing vessels towed up to the town at a safe distance. The town was taken with the loss of one man, while the natives lost 50. The Chinese general declared such practices were without precedent. When Sir Henry Gough landed a mountain battery, and from a neigh boring hill attacked the Chinese gun ners from tho rear, the officials, who had never dreamt of guns being fired down a hill, sent off hurried despatches informing the Emperor of the treacher ous impropriety of the ' barbarians.' A Chinese woman is expected when young to obey hor father and her eldest brother ; when married, her hus band ; when a widow, her eldest son;. She gives no orders. There is a Chinese proverb which says, ' Women and' children are clothes' — to bo had when i wanted jto bo cast off as desired. But' in the language, the symbol for 'rest' and ' quiet' is that for ' woman under the domestic roof.' Married sons arc compelled to live under their parents' roofs, where their wives aro subject to the rule of a mother-in-law or of an elder sister-iri-law. With his poverty may be compared John Chinaman's callous view of the value of human life. This callousness seems to be even more contemptuous than that met with in India. And yet the Chinese dread the name of deulh. When one has died he has been 'killed.' InFuhkien, which in somo respects is tlio most promising part of China, to mention death to a native is to render him an insult, especially at tho opening of the year. The dreaded word is evaded whet ever possible. John is much of a devil worshipper. What is culled tho ' worship of an cestors' is a complicated system for laying the spirits of the departed. It ! is the common belief that if the ghosts [are nol worshipped and fed they wreak f vengeance on the living. The worship being the provinco of the son facilitates divorce and polygamy, but is not with out certain redeeming features. It has been computed that the public 'wor.ship of ancestors' costs the Empire £6,000,000 per annum, and tlio private worship £24,000,000. In Chinese society tho scholar is re garded ns next to the Emperor; then comes the fanner, and after him the mechanic, and the trader. The amuse ment or decorative caterer comes last in the scale, in accordance with tho say ing that ' the man who pays highly for a song will not give much for virtue.' Scholarship, howover, is scnrccly such as we would designate by that name. But Chinese literature is not destitute of fancy. For instance there is an old Chinese romance which Voltairo mado use, and which has many render ings but one moral. A doctor of Reason, meditating among tho tombs, observed a young widow fanning one of them. Seeing her in tears tlio philosopher asked the causo. Sho re plied, ' You see a widow at tho tomb of hor husband. He was most dear to me. Ho loved mo with tondorness. Afflicted with tho idea of parting, his last words wore, ' My dearest wife, should you over think of marrying again, I conjure you to wait at least uutil the plaster of my tomb bo en tirely dry.' Now,' said sho, ' as tho walls aro still damp, I thought I would help them to get dry.' Tho philosopher told his adventure to his young nnd beautiful wife, who declared that should ho die bofore hor sho would nevor marry again. The philosopher puts her to the test by shamming death, and finds her constancy no greater than that of tho woman ho had met amongst the tombs. She, being discovered, com mits suicido, and ho resolves never to tako another wife. ' Let us make war in futuro without blunders !' It is a irrand idea, but about us sensible as hoping to make war without loss of life. — Daily Express. 