A Great Victory. . y Sermon b Late Rev. C.. H.' Sptooeon. For whatsoever is born of Gqd;overc6m- cth the world; and this is the victory that ovcrcometh the world, even our faith. —1 John v. 4. . THE text speaks of a great victoryv-the victory of victories —the greatest of all/ We know of great battles . whore nations have met in strife, and one has overcame the other ; but who hns read of a victory that over came the- world? Some will Bay that Alexander \- . was its conqueror ; but L answer, nay. He was himself the- vanquished man, even when all things were in his possession. He fought for the world, and won/ it; and then mnrk how it mastered its master, conquered its con- queror, and' lashed the monarch who had been its scourge. See "the royal youth weeping, and stretching out his hands .with idiotic ories, for another world which he might ravage. He seemed, in outward show, to have overcome the whole earth; but really, within his inmost soul, the earth had conquered him, had over whelmed him, had wrapped /liim in the dream of ambition, girdled him with, tho chains of covetousness; .so that when lie had all, lie was still dis satisfied ; and, liko a poor slave, was dragged .on at the / chariot- wheels of llic world, moaning, lamenting, because he could not win another. In what sense does the Christian overcome the world? A tough battle, sirs, I warrant you ; not ofte which carpet knights miguo win ; no easy skirmish that ho might win' who dashed to battle on some sunshiny! day, looked at the host, " then turned his courser's rein, and daintily dismounted at the door of his silken tent — not one which he shall gain' who, but a raw recruit to day, puts on his regimentals, and fool ishly imagines that one week of service will ensure a crown of glory. Nay, friends, it is a life-long war — a fight needing the power of all these muscles, nnd this strong heart; a contest which shall want all our strength, if we are to be triumphant; anil if we do come off more, than conquerors, , it shall be said of us, as I-Iart said of Jesus Christ : ." He had strength enough and none- to spare" ; a battle at which the stoutest heart might quail ; a fight at which the bravest might shake, if lie did not remember that the Lord is on his side, and, therefore, whom shall ho fear? He is the strength of his life ; of whom shnll he be afraid? Most of you. do just as everybody else does, and that is enough for you. If you see So-and-so do a dis honest thing in business, it is sufficient for you that everybody does it. If ye see tbut the majority of mankind have cer tain habits, ye succumb, ye yield. Yo think, I suppose, that to march to hell in crowds will help to diminish the fierce heat of the burning of the . bottomless' pit, InBtead of remembering that the more faggots the fiercer will bB the flame. - Men usually swim' with the stream like a dead fish; it is only the living fish that goes against it. It is only the Christian who despises customs, who does not care for conventionalisms, who only asks himself the question, "Is it right or is it wrong? If it is right, I will be singular. If there is not another man in this world who will do it, I will do it." However, the text speaks of a great birth. " Whatsoever is born of God ove'r- cometli tlio world." This new birth is the mysterious point in all religion. If you prench anything else except the new birth, you will always got on well with 'your, hearers ; but if you insist that in order to enter heaven there must be a radical change (though this is the doctrine of the Scrip tures) it is so unpalatable to mankind in general that you will scarcely got them to listen. Ah! now ye turn away if I begin to tell you that "except ye be born of water and of the Spirit, ye cannot enter the kingdom of heaven." If I tell you that there inast be a regenerating influence ex erted upon your minds by the powor of the Holy Ghost, then I know ye will say, "It, is enthusiasm." Ah! but it is the enthusiasm of the Bible. There I stand; by this I will be judged. If the Bible does not say we must be born again, then I givo it up; but if it does, then do not distrust that truth on which your salvation hangs. What, is it to be horn again, then? Very briefly, to be born again is to undergo a . chango so mysterious that human Words cannot speak of it. As we cannot describe our first birth, so it is impossible for us to describe the second. "The wind blowetk where it listcth, and thou liearest the. sound thereof, but canst not. tell whence it comclh or whither it goetii; so is everyone that is born of the Spirit." But, whilo so mysterious, it is yet . a change which is known and felt. Peoplo are not born again when they are iiii bed and asleep, so that they do not know it. ..They feel it, they experience it. This change is a supernatural one. It is not one that a man performs upon himself. It is not leaving off drink and becoming sober ; it . is not turning from a Roman .Catholic to a Protestant; it is not veering 'round from a Dissenter to a Churchman, ;or a Churchman to a Dissenter. It is a /vast deal more than that. It is a new principle infused, which works in the heart, enters the very soul, and moves the entire man. Not a change of my name, but a renewal of my nature, so that I am not the loan I used to be, but a new man in Christ Jesus. It is a supernatural change — something which man cannot do, und which only God can effect ; which the Bible itself cannot accomplish without the utteiulant Spirit of God ; which no minis ter's eloquence can bring about — something so mighty and wondrous . that it must be confessed to be the work of God, and God alone. This new hirtli is an enduring change. If P. am really born- again, if I havi taken Jesus Christ to be my Saviour, and become possessed by faitli of eternal lifo in Him, I shall never fall away. I may fall into sin, but I. shall not fall final ly; I shall stand secure while life lasts ; and when I die it shall be said— " Servant of God, -well done I \- I Rest from"" thy blest employ; /The battle's fought, the victory's won j / Enter thy rest of joy." . There is a great grace."' PersonB who ari born again really do overcome ' the wwld. How is this brought about? The tei ; says, " This iB the victory that over- coi oth tho world, even our faith." Christ- inr i do not triumph over the world by rca- soi . - Not at all. Reason' is a very good tli lg, and nobody should find fault with it. Reason is a candle ; but faith, is a sui. Well, I prefer tho sun, though I di not put out the candle. i use. my re sou as a Christian man; i.' exercise it co istahtly : but when I come to. real war- fa e, reason is a woodon sword ; it breaks, it snaps; while faith, sword of true Jeru- suem metal, cuts to the dividing of soul nil body. My text says, /"This is .the vi itory which overcomcth the world, even 0 r fnitli." I want to loll, you how it is tilt, faith helps Christians to overcome the Mirld. It always does it.homampatUicnlly. '5ju say, "That is a singular idea." So i may be. The principle is, that "like c res like." So does faith overcome the v n-id, by curing like with like. How does f tli trample upon the fear of the. world? 1 r the fear of God. " Now," says the vn-ld, "if ybu -do. not do this . I will t ke away your life. If you do not bow iliwn before my false god, you sball.be p it in yon burning liery furnace." "But," s ys the man of failli, "I fenr him who c n destroy both body nnd . soul in hell. 1'uo, I may dread you, but I havo a g eater fear than that. I fenr lest I s/ ould displease God ; I tremble lest I slould offend my Sovereign." So the one ft r counterbalances the other. How does fi th overcome tho world's hopes? ("There," si ys'. the world, "I will give thee .-this, I till givo Iheq that, if thou- wilt be my il sciplc. There is a hope for you ; you s nil be rich, you shall be greut." But fith says, "I liave whops laid- up in hea- vn;.a hope'- which fadeth not away, eter- n il, incorrupt,, umuranlhino hope, u golden lipe, a crown of lifo";. and tho hope' of pory overcomes all the hopes of tho world. "Alii" says the world, -why not follow t .e example of your fellows?" " Because," sya faith, "I 'will follow the exnmple of .( Iii'!st."' If the world puts one exumple liforo us, faith puts another. "Oh,- fol- 1 w -the example of such an ono ; he is i ise, and great, ami good," says the \orld. Says faith, "I will bolibve in and ( llow Christ; He is tho wisest, the groat- -<(t, and the best." It overoomes example If example. "Well," Bays the world, ' since thou . wilt not bo conquered by all ' iis, ' come,' I' will love thee ; tliou sbalt e mv- friend." Faith says, ''He that is he friend of this world cannot' be the riend of, God. 'God loves me.'' So he nits love against love ; fear against fear; lone against hope; dread "against dread; ind so faith overcomes the world- by like ' luring like.' How many are thero here who .ire born again? Some tarn a deaf car, md say, "It is all n6iisense; we go to our ikco of .wprshij) regularly ; put our hymu- books and Bibles under our arm ; and we are a very religious sort of people. ' Ah, soul ! if I meet you nt the bnr of judgment, recollect 1 said — and God's W.ord said — "Except ye be born again, ye shall not enter the Kingdom of Heaven." Others of you say,_ "We cannot beiievo that being born again is such a change lis you speak of; I am a great deal better than I used to be ; I do not swear now, and I nm very much reformed.".' Sirs, I tell you' it is no little change. It is not mending the pit cher, but it is breaking it up and having a new one; it is not patching the heart, it iB having a new heart and a right spirit. There is nothing but death uuto sin,, anil life unto righteousness, that will save your souls. There must be a change of heart, rent, radical, vital, entire, which only Christ's salvation can effect. 