HJmaa ffable jfalk. THE FIRST CHRISTMAS CARD. The first Christmas card was issued in December, 1846, from the office of the ' Home Treasury,' in Old Bond Street, and was sold for one shilling. It was, unlike modern Christmas cards, whose designs refer to any thing rather than Christmas, charac teristically Christmassy. Its size was that of a lady's visiting card, and in this small space were con tiMTOrl fhran nipt, urea. In the centre is a family party. Three generations ] are feasting at a table groaning under all manner of things — roast beef, plum pudding, and mince pies to wit — and they are further seen to i be washing down this solid meal with alcoholic liquors. At either end of this pioture appears another, repre senting seasonable charity, the whole forming a striking contrast with the carda of recent years. New Year cards followed the introduction of Christmas cards at a respectful distance ; but it is somewhat diffi cult to see why they should not really be more popular than their fellows, for surely, since good wiahes cost nothing, it were better to offer a compendious wish for a happy 365 days than a comparatively grudging aspiration for a week's jollity. But these vagaries of fashion are things ,no one can pretend to understand. WHERE SNOW FALLS. 'Not only do snow-aweepers find more than do the ordinary ones, but they quite often find rather large parcels, for errand lads stop to slide or to have a bout at snow-balling, they put their parcels down, and one of these is soon covered in a drift,' confessed a snow-sweeper recently. TTa hppii for manv vears in the employ of a West End Vestry, and was therefore able to speak on^the subject with uccuracv born of per sonal experience. ' Many of the Cnds, too, come from people falling. A lady falls, aud articles in her hand or in her muff at the time roll amongst the snow. She is confused when she rises, and geta away as soon as possible, and many and many a purse have I both found myself and seen found. Always remember j that in ordinary times, when one I drops a coin or any article of that j kind, it ringa on the pavement, but j this is not so when snow and ice are \ I on the ground ; and wheu these I partially remain for days, as tbey do [in the suburbs, we always look out i for valuables. I never swept snow | for a full day without a find of some value, and I have found four or five coins of different values oa the same day, including some poor workman's money, made up in a little psper package, just as he had received it at . the pay office.' THE ORIGIN OF THE « WAITS.' Few of the many quaint old cus toms considered necessary to be kept at Yuletide by our fore- fathers re main even in the shadow to the present - day. Perhaps the most popular remaining relic is the waits or ' wayghtee,' still dear to the heart ! of both old and young. Who, in deed, haa not heard these time honored and welcome heralds of the festive season with feelings of cheer fulness and joy P The wayghtes in early times were musical night | watchman in palaces, castles, camps, and all fortified towns, who piped at certain hours throughout the night ! for the purpose of changing guard or ! to awaken some early-rising knight I by soft music at his chamber-door. These watchmen were appointed by the municipal authorities in all towns, and enjoyed certain jealously-guarded privileges, which remained long after castles had been dismantled and internal fortifications were no longer necossary. They continued to parade the streets on winter nights up to the end of last century. WISHED TO SUPPRESS CHRIST MAS. It may seem almost incredible, but if is a fact that within recent timet Chustmas Day was described as a njperatitioua festival, and put down in England by the strong ihand ot' the law. The holly and tbe mistletoe bough were ordered to be destroyed, root and . branch, *e ' plants of tho Evil One.' Cakes and ' ale were held to be impious offerings j to superstition. It was Oliver Crom well who ordered that throughout ' tho principal towns in the country I Christmas should not be observed, [ ' it being a hurtful custom.' In order to make people forget Christ mas, he enacted that all the markets should be held on the 25th Decemher. This was touching the people, especi ally the country folks, on their moBt sensitive point. It was hardly to be nxpscted that they would quietly submit to so extraordinary a rule, nor did they. THE MISTLETOE BOUGH. Everyone knowa — or, at least, haa heard — that famouB old ballad, ' The Mistletoe Bough,' and probably most people are aware that Haynea Bayley founded it upon a legend, whioh tells how a bride amused herself on her wedding-day by playing hideand seek and though the mansion was searched from floor to roof, waa never seen agaiu. Her skeleton was found long years afterwards in an oak chest, where she had concealed herself, and heen imprisoned by the spring lock. Many who may sing the song this Christmastime will be astonished to learn that the identical old oau: chest is in the possession of Lieut.-Colonel Greatwood, of Tiverton Castle. It is an ancient coffer of oak, measuring five feet six and a half inches long, by one foot ten and a half inches in breadth, and two feet three inches high. It is most beautifully carved, the front being divided into three panels, depicting wooded landscapes. MILLIONS OF CHRISTMAS TREES. According to that great statistical authority, Mtilhsll. duriug tho festive season 400 000 Christmas trees are sold in Berliu, or one tree to every four inhabitants; while at Dresden, 200,000 trees are purchased, which giv:'B an average of two trees to every three inhabitants. If we struck an average, and applied it to London's population, we should find one ar.d a third million Christmas trees decor ated and illumined on December 25 th in the metropolis alone, or sufficient, if planted in a row aud three feat apart, to extend from London to either Christiania, Vienna, Florence, or Madrid. Germany, however, is the ! home of the Christmas tree, the cuBtom having been introduced by the conquering legions of Rome under Drusua ; consequently to guage the popularity of the Christmaa treo in England by the aid of a German standard would manifestly result in a considerable exaggeration. 113 MILES OF CHRISTMAS PUD DING. Christmas pudding is a fascinating subject to those who have not jet encountered the terrors of Demon Indigestion, and even most of those who have brave them at Yuletide by tasting ' just a bit,' for, as they re .nnvli- - Tf. mnlll.ln't PPPm liko Chriat maa without a Christ-mas pudding.' That, as a whole, our digestive organs are in pretty sound condition will be gathered from the fact that we consume no less than 3,571 tons of Christmas puluiugs. Just imagine the nightmares that lurk therein. Fancy, too, you have one, and you see tho national Christmas pudding a9 a glorious whole. It- is a dieo as big as tho great wheel at Earl's Co'.'rt. And if you saw this pudding l.'-ng-drawn out you would not be able to see the ends of it if ynu were standing at its centre, for while being some three feet in cir cumference it would extend either way 300,000 feet, and wauld reach nearly from London to Bristol, or 113 miles. If you chopped this length into columns of the height of the Eiffel Tower you would get 000 of them, while with the sacks cf flour used iu the making you might pave a street one mile in length and twenty five feet bread. Why is a carriage like a priest? Because it a saver - f soles (souls). Why should a soldier love tbe sea ? Because he's a maa-o'-war. Why is the ea^le a religious bird ? Because it's a bird of prey (pray). Why is a c.ook an inconstant friend? Because she sometime!, gives ua the cold ahouldar, and is often the cause of broils between us. What is tha difference betwean a bad man and a timid m&nP; Not much. One i* fowl-hearted and the other chicken-hearted. In what way does a pistol repre sent the press? It occasionally re ports in a case of murder. What fiali is seen oft»nest during frosty weather ? The ekate. What part of speech is a kiss ? A copulative conjunction, What iB the difference between a snipe and an unprincipled man * One alwayB has a long bill in front of him, the other leaves a Ion; bill behind him. Why msy the eea be said to dislike fine clothes? Because it is always rough with a heavy swell. When is a man like a farm loaf ? When he is country bred (bread). What is the difference between Hamlet's father and an average? One is an unhappy ghost, the olh,er the happy medium. Why does tea differ from an Eng lish officer? Because it is usually in the service of China. What -two indoor games does tea most resamble? Draughts among happy families. Why doos a doctor nerp- catch in fluenza? Because he i.-- t.w)rapped up all the year round. In which year should wo get the beat spring P i,»tp year. 