RUDYARD IVIPLLN'G. tuv ALEXANDER SUTHERLAND, M.A.J It; is not at all unlike! v that scorcs oi thousands oi"j.ound< will lie colleclea as the pr«-eeds ol Kudyard Kii)h;i-'t recent verses; and this result, unexampled in literuture, recalls vividly to our minds what a virile i'oive that single intellect is in the current story ol" our race, lie is a power behind the Throne and the Cabinet and Parliament; for behind al ihese is the hean oi' the Jieople, and tiiat heari is deep in thrall to the magic of the young Anglu- Jjidian. Far a= the empire extends his influence is "eh: his lines ring in men's ears; his thoughts go bounding in their pulses; and his emotional fervour helps in the making of their history. The strains of Tvrtaeus, sung io the flute by ihc marching Spartans, inspired a few thousands of a primitive race to the desperate valour whieh leads to conquest. Koraer, with hi* '•Lyre and Sword," filled the breasts of the Germans in their uprising against Xapoleoi with a perfect fienzv of patriotism; and hi: — verses, thougjii ' their literary skill is 11; " have 'had their own significant share i dueing that German solidari; tilled to pCav so large a part iu the coming century. But by far the most potent of this tribe of patriotic singers is in our midst at this very hour, animating the Anglo-Saxon hosts to the dominance which seems within tilieir grasp. Nor has he been a martia singer only. He seems to have the knack of sympathy with every form of gallant endeavour, and he has put heart into the sea man, the pioneer, and even the peaceful artificer. And yet his success is due quite as much to his limitations as to his powers. If he lhad come among us with a cultured style, a noble cast of thought, or a new message to be delivered to the race, lit never could have wielded in his lifetime all this hugely potent influence. But he writes the language of the streets, lending it a new incisiveness, and his thoughts are ttie thoughts oif the man in the street. Even when a full, free breath of poetry flows, as it sometimes does, through his verses, the sentiments he -expresses are only the ordinary man's opinions, felicitously put. This is not a period of high-claas literary taste in England As one of the leading publishers told me when 1 was iu London, what the public want is "competent mediocrity." To ; most unusual degree Kipling satisfies thi: requirement, for his prevailing characteristic is his supremely competent mediocrity He has no ideals to preach to which the homeliest heart in the regiment might not respond- The daring imagination which carried Shelley out of himself into worlds the common man never cares to enter is not for Kipling; though he sometimes, as in "Tomlinson's Ghost"' has suggestion of it. The deep devotion of Wordsworth to the beauty and the tenderness of Nature is never seen in this our youngest mastersinger. The joy of Keats in the wearing of fair words; the mission of Tennyson to encourage the lofty mind and the cultured gentlemanly type; the passion of Browning for subtle analysis of character—all these,and everything else that is foreign to the fife of the ordinary man are, fortunately for Kipling, absent from his motive and his work. The Rev. Charles Clark once told me that one of the great secrets of popular lecturing is never to tell the people much that they didn't know before. The average audience can stand only a little that is new. Express what everybody thinks, but express it better than he can for himself. Describe what everybody knows, but make him know it more vividly than ever before, and your success is assured. Rudyard Kipling is the supreme master of the art; and his reward will be that a big place awaits him in British history. Whether he will have a first-class place in English literature is wholly different matter. He came at an op portune time in our national story. Twenty years before our empire seemed to be growing flabby and loose-joint ed. There was a chance that the fabric had reached its culmination, and was likely to break awav into fragments of slender importance. Then the reaction set in, A tide of imiierialisitic fervour be gan to rise. Everybody struggled with inarticulate thoughts. A few were giving them voice and slowly shaping them for action, when in came the youth from India with Ids incomparable directness and pi miancy of style. Just at that time two circumstances conspired Ic make his welconi ;ery wide—so wide as to be practically uni :ersal. First ot all, the Beard Schools in England had poured into the field of realers a huge army of i>eaplc anxious for literature, but not, cultured—capable of appreciating strength, but caring little about retirement or elegance of style. Iviplin, work had with them the power to bite. I forceful use of the lietter sorts of slang; his reckless re.-?oluti'ncss io pick the word thai suited 'him, of'ten_ at the expense of _ ood taste. sonietimai*"even iu violation of decency; and, in his verse.-, the familiar ;wing of the music-hall rhythms, combined o suit this class. And then, on the other baud, the educated were ready for a sneil oi" reliction from the cultured school that ad lorded it over the rending world Tennyson's elegance, Buskin's art fervour, Matthew Areola's diik-ttanle graces. al! the excellences of tjitve and so many othsr very superior persons had for a while been growing k-ss acceptable. The average Briton, at heart a Philistine, felt inclined to exclaim "Confound vour cu: ire; let's have a little low life."" He was kc the man who has for months been iniimanly condemned to ten-course dinners, nd feel?; how happy he could be with a •teak and a pint of porter. The educated lasses were in that miorl in whieh the adent of a Burns or a Dickens is gladly welnmed to take literature for "a while o-ut of its starched shirt and its frock-coat and it it in a homely srarden suit. In consequence of "his own great gifts and e opportuneness of his coming, Kiplin^ as achieved a popularity unpai-elleled in ttis h;sto,i-v of literature. But in the interests of literary taste and sober-minde.ine.;s Jet us beware of over-estimating his nl.ice. The more we overdo our admiration, the quicker and the more merciless will he the reaction. Kipling at present enjoys a vogue far beyond those of Tennyson and of Dickens combined. This o,ne recent poem c? his has brought in more money than Tha-- kery ever earned with all liis work, or George Eliot, with al) her fine array of masterpieces. Yet no serious person \vouIc for a moment compare him with auv one of ate four; and it is often s?en that these qualities of perfect adaptability to the times, which give the greatest popularity, are noi those that make the most abiding repuut:o:i. Byron suited his age, and Was tliri ivors 1 lipped star. Shelley wrote for suceeed- -ng ages, and was invisible to file naked eye; but Byron lv.s waned, and Sheilev has uaxed, until now their relative positions are miite reversed. The fact is that, whih' Kipl.ins's work is th.= finest pebble of lts it by no means belongs to a high class. It bears the same relation to true literature that a syiod melodrama Iiears to Sbakspeaiffi. light oimra to the work of t'ae great composers. No matter how pnnular mav b« the music of "Pin.-fon?"' .uid '"The Mikado" \--no matter how wide extended mnvbeih? pleasure they stive. 110 matter how harmless 31- even beneficial thei'- effect—they never -an place Sir Arthur Sullivan anions; the mmortiils. Nor can any amount of success 11 writinc '•Barrack-room Ballad-"' or "Plain Tales fn.un the Hills"' lift a Kipling rito the level of a Tennvson or a Thackerav. On the other hand, it is onlv fair to notice that there are indications of many sort< to suggest that Kivding mav vet accomplish work on a higher levci of artistic merit : Every year has seen a certain nrogress in the nualitv of his poetry. The '"Departmental Ditties" are, with one exception, of tlie poorest stuff, and I thought it an excellent sign of his srrowinsr taste when his agent in j London told me that he hid been commit sioned liv the noer to see if the copvrisht I could lx; bousrht back from" Sir j Gf—.-se Nen-nes. holds it. Kipling j •wished to v-t^t^'s ibi* lvn'isli production of precocious jingles, and if is liardiy to the credit of the wealthy publisher that he insists upon keeping it alive. Kipling's se ond volume nf verse, called "Barrack- , room Ballads," while in general of the I •=ame class, has work that reaches a wholly j better level: and his third, entitled "Seveii Seas," contains no pieces of the commoner class, while it has many that rise undoub- < tedly into the reeion of true poetrv. In J such a ballad as that descriptive of England as the mother xif pioneers there is a' splendid breath of tlx> old ballad style. I; begins— There dwells :m old wife hv the western gate. And a wear;- wife i5 s'.k-. She breeds a breed of roving men, And ca=ti ihcm over-sei. Jndeed, it may lie said ot Kipling that no one in our century has been so fully posfossed by the i>irit of the*"old*baliad- tniters. •Scott, Scot* Nouthev. ^ ---• l -— Word^rthT" —i ti. S —i Longfellow .. How wrote utiful poems in ballad Ftyle, bat they are all onlv exquisite imitations. • - Kipling's —- - - ' r! ; the ieal thing, and there is this great difference in his favour —they go back to old themes in hopes of getting the ancient inspiration, yet their treatment is essentially modem.' Kipling seizes a modem subject, and handles it without mediaeval affectation: yet the breath oi' the verses seems to l>e that of a primitive time. There is a wonderful instance of this in that very fine ballad beginning— T.ond sang the souls of the jolly, jolly m.-riners."' It argues well for a promising future wliich we would all vrisli well to see that in his later pieces of the hist four years, scattered through periodicals and not yet gathered into anv volume. Kipling reaches a still higher standard.'When we see them all collected, and each lends countenance to each, we mav acquire additional respect for his work." We shall all he glad; perhaps, to add a solid respect to the hearty liking we new confess. As a writer of short stories Kipling has hit the nail on the head with great success over and over again.- Whether humorous or pathetic, or merely delineative, thev possess a wonderful grip; and no one who reads "Baa Baa Black Sheep." or "The Drums of the Fore and Aft," or the sketches • of those whimsical rascals, the "'Soldiers Tiiree," can ever forget how their taciness woke him up to a keen satisfaction. It is true that some of the Indian stories leave an unpleasant flavour in the mouth; that the humour crosses the border occasionally into vulgarity; that the realism I>a69es into larrikinism and profanity; that the pathos, even as with Dickens, has a trick of turning into sentimentality, and often fails in that manliness which, with a few exceptional cases, keeps all the pathos of Shakspeare in healthy tone. Nevertheless they are full of emotional quality, and suffer little from that fatal dry rot of things artistic—the commonplace. We often hear allusions to the genius of Kip- Sing, but it seems to me that he is less characterized by genius than bv extraordinary cleverness. When he addresses himself to a subject he shows a wonderful tact in seizing the heart of it, and a finished skill in choosing the point of view that will interest tlie reader most. His precision of attack and his rough felicity of diction complete the success thus prepared for. But all these qualities belong rather to smartness and ooni]>etence than to that deeper and more permanent gift which we vaguely call genius. From his free use of the vernagllar, Kipling is often compared with Burns; yet there is no real analogy. Kipling may, in his own waj", rival the "Twa Brigs" or "Holy Willie's Prayer," but he has produced nothing in -anv wav to be compared with tlie "Cottar's Saturday Night," or such a lyric as "To Maiy 1 Heaven." Tlie student of Burns is impress ed by weight and strength. He feels his mind drinking in from a "larger and wider mind. The student of Kipling feels impressed rather by smartness and point. His mind is kept amused and lively by a quicker and cleverer mind. Wide though the range may be over whieh Kipling has displayed his power, he nowhere shows the depth of passion, the tender perception of beauty, the perfect capacity for purest lyric melody, that have given to the Scottish peasant so lasting a command over the human heart. No, nor anything in the least like these qualities. And yet when all is said—whether the genius which here and there shows in streaks through Kipling's work is destined to be in fulness of time predominant in it, or whether he is to be only the perfeetioi. of music-hall smartness, with patches of better work—t'he fact remains that he is at present a mighty influence in our emjiiir. And who is there but envies him the possession of that potent touch upon the moods of an imperial race? Posterity may noi endorse our golden opinions, but history will have to relate how he gave articulate voice to the imperialistic feeling when it was jet nascent and formless, and how he tilled the souls of our land red over all the lands and every sea with a spirit that is bound to lead to the happiest results for Anglo-Saxondom, and tlienee, let us hope, for the world. Whether his name is to shine with those of the immortal bards i»e can hardly yet predict: but this so far is certain—that history will record how in the opening of the twentieth century he stood forth as beyond mistake the true Tvrtaeus of the English race. 