John Jones, Bushman. BY' EDyVARD A. V IDLER. COPYRIGHT. In a dull but substantially prosperous Australian town there dwells an old barber, whose name is William Jones. He is an old identity of the town, and highly respected, as , lie deserves to he, for he is a dear old man, .who minds his own business, but keepB jn paternal . eye also upon other people's concerns. He is not a busybody, much leEs a dealer in current scandal, hut matters of private concern interest him as thoroughly as do the affairs of the town and the nation. Ilis place of business is theucndezvoiis of most of the wiseacres of the district, and there is conducted many a keen discussion on questions of municipal and Parliamentary. Government, and even those affecting the Empire itself. Old Jones always acts as a sort of /unseated chairman m these .-discussions'- of his waiting custo mers, anil his attitude is at once impartial anil, calmly critical, unswayed by the in fluences of a. .passing .craze or agitation. i . there : was- a time, -some few (cars ago, nhen the discussions at Mr. Jones's place turned chiefly- upon the; value of Teal estate, and financial affairs generally, nnil then it. u as that the: click of '..his -scissors and tlie scrape oMiis razor punctuated many a keen argument on commercial morality! oil which subject Mr. Jones lield and frankly expressed very definite views; That' time will always abide in his .memory and cause many sad reflections, as being: the time When , lie lest tlie two great delights of his life— tlie love and companionship of bis son, and' the' loyalty and coiiipany of . his most intiniate. friend. And this double be- reayeinent was traceable. .tq- the! snirie: source —liis unsympathetic attitude towards a cer tain .financial proposal in winch his friend held a; considerable interest. . T..q ca(ne. ahou t; in This way; Old Captain Kiriiy, a. retired sea captain, had contracted the expensive habit of gambling, not on the racecourse, but on the Stock Exchange. - It must be owned that so far he had not done well,. disaster having overtaken him during the silver bqoiii, in, which fortunes liad been made and.lost some years. before. But even hitter experience had not taught the lesson of prudence, and liow a. new. craze liad taken hold of the old gentleman. Land speculation was Uic boom of tlie moment, and Captain Kirhy yi-as one of: the first to allow, his name H: '>e fiy tlie promoters of:', syndicates for the .exploitation of. properties. . It must be stated here that William Jes's iiremisds, wliich 'were his own pro perty, .were, and still are, situated only one door from a corner of two principal tho roughfares, and tli is corner block .was- soon exploited by speculators as a most valuable site for either li monster hotel or for a suite of magnificent offices, either of which schemes was declared to offer a fabulous profit. A11 was duly arranged with tlie owners of the old one-storied huildinga standing on the site with one exception, and that'exeeption was William Jones. But his old crony, Captain Kirby, confidently' under took to win, over the cautious hair dresser to the views of the proposed syndicate. Presuming upon his. intimate friendship, the captain pledged himself to the liair. dresser's adhesion to tlie scheme, and the success of the project, seemed to be already assured, hilt a few minutes' conversation on the/subject, between the pair speedily dis abused tlie . 'speculative . seaman. . William Jones would not countenance for a moment any. 'project which was based upon the des truction of his saloon and the comfortable, if modest, honie behind it, and his wife was of the "same / opinion; Consequently their decision was prompt and definite. , But tlie Jones family was not quite unani mous phtlic question.',' Their son Juck held quite coutvavy opinions. He -was the youngest -of the family, tlie only childrTe-: niaining tinder tlie old roof-tree, and being still scarcely :-20 years old was assisting his father-in tlie_ business, which would some ' day lie his" own. lie was u (lushing young fellow, liigli spirited, and rather overbear ing, aiul the prospect of immediate riches in the place of .their present modest conipe- teiiee secnied to him a matter which settled itself, and, of course, in the affirma tive. That his parents, could be, so short sighted, so pig-headed, as not to Jnstaiitly seize upon this "opportunity of a lifetime" (vide, advertisements) was the. height of ab surdity. . . It was not only on his own a'eeonnt that Jack felt so/keenly the disappointment of his father's decision. The fact that the rup ture between the old hair dresser and the retired sen captain seriously affeeted Jack's relations with the latter's daughter, an only child, he soon discovered to be the case. The day after his father had given a final and irrevocable answer to Captain Kirby's proposal Jack received the follow ing characteristic epistle: — "Mr. John Jones, — Dear sir, — You will have become aware by now tlmt the friendly relations so long existing between our re spective families have been broken off, owing to your father's obstinacy and short sightedness in the matter of n commercial transaction which would have brought for tune to the lucky individuals, including your father and myself, who would have under taken the promotion of the enterprise. This attitude of your father lias robbed me of an opportunity, which, at my time of life, I enn scarcely hope will occur again, of re gaining my former position of comfort, 'if ' not of affluence. That being the case, I re. gret having to. request you to discontinue doing us the honor of paying your addresses to my daughter. Assuring 3-011 of my regret that the necessity for this communication should have arisen, I have the honor to re main, dear sir, yours truly, HENRY ICIRBY." Duly impressed, as the captain had de sired liim to be, I>3- the stilted phraseology . of this document, Jack by no means felt disposed to accept it in its full significance. He could not see how the one matter could fairly influence the other, except in so far as the break in tlie relations of the two fathers might render the 3-oung people's ultimate . marriage a matter of difficulty. But what ever the reason, Jack felt that he must hear more -on the subject, and that from no less interested a person than Kate Kirby herself. So lie decided to call at the Kirbys' at the earliest opportune, which would he that evening. ' lie said nothing about flic letter to his father; in fact, neither of tliein spoke 'on any. subject outside the usual routine of business during the whole day, until tow- aids closing time John became so nervous and preoccupied as to call down upon hint his father's protests- 1 - . "I don't know wbats come to j-oU to- : dnj ,. John," the old. man said. - He always ' caHed him John .when, lie- was aim 0 ved. You seem .as clumsy, and silly, as a new-- ' : apprentice." '"Well, if jou'ie not satisfied, I'll go," re torted Jack, .with a fiuslicd face- "I11 fact, : I'm sick of the business, and the' place, and everything. It s time I. made a shift." ' ' "Yrou have lived here nil your life, Jolin," said; his father, veiy quietly-, "and you have- never said such a tiling before. What has come over j-oii to-day?" . .. .".Oh,, uothiiig!" was all (lie reply the young man vouchsafed, and his father, do- - tcrmined not to arouse the young man's ' >" temper any .further, for he was a lover of peace, said nothing more, and the remainder off the day passed in silence. ' That, evening Jaek went to tlii Kirbys', as he had been accustomed to do three or ' four times ii week,' rind rapped' 'at the back door with his .knuckles,: as was his usual habit. The sound of steps rapidly crossing ' the 'room "away from the door, instead of towai'ds itygave Hint a strange feeling at the heart,- hut lie was speedily' reassured by 'hearing the same steps returning at once. In a' moment the door was opened, and Kate Kirby stood before him. As he loolced at the pretty gentle face of the girl, he could see at once that she was suffering from some trouble, although she made a brave attempt to smile a welcome to him, as she had always done, anil when she spoke tlie few- words of greeting, there was a quiver of pathos in her voice that was almost a sob. He noticed that she had put: 011,'niid mas still tying the strings of a sun- bonnet,- which she had evidently snatclicd up hurriedly before opening the door. Not that she required the shelter of a sun-bon- . net, for it was the moon that was shining, but probably because it happened to be within reacli. She did not ask him to come indoors, as she usually did w-lien he called, but, on the contraiy, came out at once and led him away into the garden, and down a path to a little rustic seat among the truit trees, where they had often sat together be fore jii the summer evenings. She did not speak as tlicy passed down the garden, but when they were seated she broke tlie silence. "I' thought— I knew -ou would come to night," she 6aid, putting her hand 011 Jack's, as it rested 011 the seat beside liim. "I knew- about the letter father wrote to you. He . showed it to me. It took him all the even-- iug to write," and .she smiled a grave smile, "ljiit he wouldn't let me add a postscript., "He said that you would read my postscript, and not liis letterr : I ahi so unhappy about this, Jack. I: don't . know what to think, aiid 1 don't know- what to say." She' paused for a 'moment,"' and. looked, round nt Jack with a look which seemed- to: ask him to say something to help her. But for the' life of him . lie could not have said anything just at that moment. . His mind! was busy with a number of conflicting ideas, and his heart -was palpitating with more. tUan one emotion. He could tell by her ' maimer that slie was lo>-al 'to her father, who was lier ohl3- relative, in Australia; and yet, at the same time, tjie warm, firm pres sure of her hand told hiin that neither must he himself doubt her faith. . y But whilst Kate could see that Jack .would not help her oqt of her difficulty, she was not the girl Jp shirk any task imposed ' upon lier, however .unpleasant it might be. ; There Was something she knew she must say, aiid she must'say. it at once. Her- only eonceni was to find words to use that would hurt him least, and he least difficult for her to say. But after all, she let her heart speak rather than her head, mid, as often happens, she said just what she desired to say. "Jack," she began, still holding his hand in her warm clasp. '"You know wlint lias happened, dear. It is bad for us. It will part us for a while, hut, oil ! I hope, not for always. That business lias been a terrible disappointment for dear old dad. It has been really a disaster, for it was his only hope of saving himself from the difficulties caused liy his losses a few years ago. He thinks now that all hopes of keeping things straight must bo abandoned, and it seems liRely that we must give up this home and other things besides. You know bow proud; be lias alwaj'8 been, and bow he always said that I should not marry until I liad u little money to bring to my liusbaud. I only used to laugh at him, but now be makes it a reason why . 3'ou and I must give up any. idea of such a thing. Oh, Jack, you know what this is to me. What- a sacrifice. I am making to my duty to him; but I know you will hot try to make it harder than it is. I expect we shall' have to go away; but whether we do or not,1 this must be our good-bye, Jack," dear Jack: Let us make it easy for each othor. If we can meet , as friends, or at any rate a3 acquaintances who have no ill feeling towards each other, that would be very nice, wouldn't it? Per haps we could?" "I don't think so, Kitty. It would be only silly to try it. Besides, I am going away myself " "Going away? Oh, you mustn't — you can't! What would your father and mother do?" "Father and I have quarrelled. I think ie is quite wrong in letting this chance slip through his fingers just for a bit of senti ment. If you and I must part, Kitty — things seems against us, somehow— I shall be, better away — somewhere in Queensland, Dr in the back blocks of New South Wales. I couldn't slay here now, in the same place with you, even if I hadn't quarrelled with father. But, perhaps, Kitty — I don't know if 1 ought to say- it — but perhaps, some day, wc may meet again, and tilings will be dif ferent. I wonder whether you will wait for a. little while, and see. But I oughtn't to ask such a thing; it's only mean." "No, it is not mean, Jack," she answered, with a sweet smile, as nearly happy as it could be at such a time; "it is just what I hoped you would say. Of course, I shall not forget — not in any way. I wonder how it will be with you, though? Well, we are both young, though sucli sensible people, and in a few years — oh, what may not hap pen in a. few- years?" And when Jack and Kitty parted, it was with the romantic assurance that they would be faithful to each other, even if cruel fate should hold them apart for ever. But they were both so very young, scarcely more than children, and although they be lieved themselves to be so wise in their generation, they must be forgiven if they refused for one moment to believe that the history of lovers' constancy has recorded how "readily the bright robes of remem brance may fall from the shoulders of those who hare stood hopefully at the Darting of the ways. CHAPTER II. " It was the" day of days in South Africa in the year of the twentieth century, the dawn of a new. era in the history' of the British Empire. That day was destined to be re membered as the starting point in a new policy, a new system of government which had as its object the welding together, on a basis of freedom, of the great world wide kingdom, whose heterogeneous character had hitherto been its greatest peril, as well as its greatest pride. Now the colonial em pire was to 'be a great system of federal governments under the rule of the Great White Queen, and on this day the new Eouth African federation was to be estab lished in the moment of victory. Australia had just won its national pride in peace, and had asked it as a right; to South Africa nationhood was to be given lis a solace for the horrors of war. In the hour of its hard won victor-, England had brought the olive branches of peace and goodwill, granting out of its might and mag nanimity a splendid liberty founded upon stern justice. No powerjno race, could again establish a despotism of greed and dishonor, no traitorous' and disloyal organi sation could again deny the people uniform rights, but with a well ordered peace and a firmly administered justice, a clear know ledge of public duty and personal responsi bility, the people of the new South Africa were to be united together in indissoluble bonds. Liberty and justice were to stand at the gates of the new dominion, and whether British or Hutch, German or French, all must henceforth he loyal, law abiding and true to their citizenship. It was in Pretoria that the proclamation was to be made. There, among the ruins of what was once the capital city of the dis credited Dutch oligarchy, was to l>e rebuilt, as it would also he at Bloemfontein, a new city which would lie as unrecognisable to the citizens of the old rule as its law3 would be. The proclamation was the message of a vietor, but it was a message of peace and goodwill, consolidated by the inviolable justice and true liberty of British rule. The fire of revolt which had smouldered for 20 years and at last had burst out into a terrible conflagration, laid been extin- guished after a severe and perilous battling with the flnines, and thc'caplured city held abundant proofs of the- virulence of the struggle. British and Boers lay side by side in tiieir graves or in the hospituls of Pre toria. On the racecourse, where the British prisoners had languished for many months, uncertain of their fate, now stood hundreds of tents, no longer needed on the battle field, but serving the peaceable purposes of the ambulance. . In one of these hospital tent3 lay a dozen or so soldiers of aii Australian regiment, who had been wounded in the last reconnaissauce towards the enemy's defences, and on one of the stretchers which served as beds lay a inun whose acquaintance we made under very different circumstances some 10 years or so before. : Trooper John Jones, had his opinion been aslced .at that moment, would have frankly confessed that death would liavc been wel come enough to hirn, now that he had come to this, condition of misery and pain. He was a Joncly man, whose wilful pride had kept hiin.au Isiiniaclite in the land of his birth, had sent him into exile from liis home ; into the remote back blocks of the Never Never, where fortune had been unkind to \- lnm: and thence to the perilous battle fields of Natal and the ;Triiusyaal. To him life had lost all its enthusiasms and illusion, and what became of him : bad eoncejrned him little -until ; he had found a brief excitement in his share, of - the adventures of that band of volunteers 'who Had set out in the service or the Empire. For years he had been fighting the dangers of the far hush to which he had exiled himself; to-'day he had helped to prove that the rough-and-ready bushmen of Australia were" more than a match for the cunning sharpshooters of the Transvaal. But his present concern was rather that he lay helpless on his hack, with his head bandaged and one of his legs in splints, and that he was consequently unable to join in the commemoration of victory, the prepara tions for Which lie could sometimes hear dimly as he lay inactive there beyond reach of the bugle call of liis corps. He had closed his eyes to shut out the sights of disillusionment around him, and to recall rather, in his' half-dreamy abstrac tion, something of the past and its memories. For some time his enfeebled brain refused to summon up more -than the most recent events of his daily task on ths battle field, where he had seen and done so much that had never before come within even his most stirring experiences in the Australian busli. But suddenly liis memory flew back to a long past evening in his native town, as lie seemed to hoar a once familiar voice, now quieter perhaps and sweeter than it had been then, speaking commonplace and meaningless words which he had heard often enough from the lips of the nurses who flitted about the tent.' What connection there could possibly he between that ever-remembered voice of long ago and the ambulance duties of tliat day be could not understand, but he thought it could be nothing more than a play of fancy, a dream phantasy, that merged the memories of the past into the actualities of the present. It was a nurse speaking of course, but his fancy gave her a voice which thrilled him with a delicious dreamy ecstasy of remembrance. As he lay there, with closed, heavy eyes, it seemed as if his spirit had left his aching shell of a body, and was carrying his mem ories baek with it into the long-dead past- He lived over again tiiose days when he had heard that dear voice — then merry, and sometimes noisy, which now had sounded so low and sweet — almost every evening of liis quiet uneventful life. Then he was not yet 20, and somebody else was but 17; now lie is over 30, and thnt other he had known must be 28. He was still a lonely bachelor, but he could not hope that men had been so blind, or somebody so hard, to please, that the girl of his memory could also be in liis lonely, condition. No, Kitty was too sweet, too loveable, not' to have had her suitors, and too kind not to be willing to make some good man happy. Well, he had thrown away his own chances; he had no right to complain. Still there was that voice, the ghost of a voice floating about the tent, sometimes clear, sometimes indistinct; but always soft and sweet, and full of a measureless sympathy. It seemed to him, as he lay there in. his weakness, to be a balm to his sufferings. But it was still intangible and unreal and elusive, until at last it seemed to be approaching, slowly and surely, to his bedside. Then it came so near that its ghostly qualities disappeared suddenly, and it became real, the voice of a living woman, moving towards him. A sudden flash seem ed to pnss over him; lie grew hot, and a dizziness oppressed him. He heaved a deep sigh, and a thought came to liiin that now the most beautiful thing in life was sleep, and a dream of happier days. But Be, was not to sleep or to dream. The voice caine quite close, almost to liis ear. A nurse was speaking in the very tones of the well remembered voice to the man in the next bed, and the man was joking her in a respectful way, till another nurse came up and spoke to her. "I must dress his arm, Sister Kate. It will only want one or two more dressings, and then, perhaps, you will let him get up." "Lucky man; perhnps'wc can get him up in time for the proclamation," said the voice which belonged to the old days of John's memory. "Kntc — Sister ICate." The name seemed to be hovering about in the air above liis head, like an elusive, butterfly. Then the Bister came on to liis bed, and Btood looking down nt him as he lay there motionless, apparently fast asleep. She looked at the head of the bed, and read the name arid other deails written on the card: "John Jones, 31, s., Aust. Bushmen's Corps. Bullet through leg; surfuce wound' over left temple." Sister Kate looked at the name ngai", and then at the face on the pillow, but no con- | nection seemed possible between the me mory which the simple name served to re vive and the burly, bearded man on the tres- fiel bed. But as she stood there silently for a moment, lie opened liis eyes, aiid in a flash a look of recognition leapt into hers. Only in liis eyes was this man recognisable to her as lier sweetheart of 10 years ago, but to him the tall, thin woman was his Kate, liis own Kate, but a Kate refined and ennobled, sanctified by lier beautiful mis sion of succor and sympathy. Although she recognised him almost be yond a possibility of doubt, a sense of womanly shyness seemed to keep her silent. But it was not so with liiro. A very differ ent thing kept hiin silent, though iiis eyes and hers spoke as no words could have spoken. His eyes pleaded with her, as his lips refused to do, for forgiveness that he had so long seemed to forget her, though lie knew that she had never for long been ab sent from his thoughts during all those long wasteful years. As she stood there looking down at him, the look of pleading in liis eyes seemed to draw her down to him as he lay there help-' less, and her hand rested upon one of his, as it lay on the blanket, and pressed if with a warm clasp that sent a thrill through him. as he remembered their last, interview on the garden seat many years ago. -V "Kitty, is it you, dear?" he said, almost in a -whisper,' lest others should hear, and she answered only with a smile, as the tears welled up into the gentle, sad eyes. _ And there, in a. strange land, and in such strange surroundings, they learnt from each other the story of the years; hut to each the one fact that ever floated up to the sur face of their reminiscences was the assur ance that through all that time of separa tion, through its trials and difficulties, neither had forgotten tliat the promise so confidently made that evening when they stood at life's cross roads, and looked out along dividing paths that it seemed then could never meet again. CHAPTER HI. Some months later, old. William Jones sat in his hair dressing saloon, which had not chnnged to any appreciable extent in all those ten years or so since last we saw it. But if the saloon was still the same, time had not so lightly passed its proprietor by. Age had not crept on him like a kindly herald of eternal peace, calling him quietly to his rest, but like an unrestful spirit of sorrow that had gripped him with rough hands, bending liis hack and dimming liis eyes with an unrelenting cruelty. To the grief of his wayward son's dis appearance had been added in the cup of liis wretchedness the loss of his gentle wife, and the feud between him and his one-time friend, Captain Kirby, had been patched up 'only a few months before he too had passed away into the Valley of Shadows. Of his son Jack he had never heard, so thnt lie was as one dead, and the old man was now indeed alone in the world but for the company of a widowed daughter, who had brought herself and her untamed brood of country-bred chicks to replace the gentle old wife in the management of his house hold. But the old barber continued courage ously to sthnd by his business, and with the aid of a youthful apprentice, who was his grudging compromise with his failing ca pacities, managed to keep liis customers from deserting hiin, as everybody else seem ed to have done. One evening, he was sitting alone in his saloon, dozing over the morning's paper, which he was no longer able to rend for long by gaslight without growing drowsy, when he was awakened by hearing a firm step n i ii|||| lain I 1 1 1 ilil to see his cus- tpwQmjJrt&und; Hic-sfubdn with n search- iy&Ekroce;, ns if to- taVeYh every, object, M noteJl&MiykUoftpniijg; of expression ' eyes Tell ujjofi'the sleeping figrue ii\JSOl.midei0fhi:aslight. But he notniqjatifmtJtudWlm new comer was a strangeF"C(HrifflfTf big bearded man, whom lie seemed never to have seen before. "Shave or hair cut, sir?" said the old man, rousing himself with an effort, as lie bustled up to the big chair where his cus tomers were made presentable at a mode rate charge. "Well, both, in a manner of speaking. The fact is, I want my beard shaved oif. Clean shaved, in fact," was the smiling response, as the customer seated himself. The barber took- off liis spectacles and commenced his attack with liis scissors upon the thick "bushman's beard," at the same time offering the usual remarks of a general character. "Been out of town some time, sir?" he said at length, thinking a personal question not out of place. "Yes, I've been away in the bush for 10 years, and in South Africa for several months." Tlie stranger thought he noticed a sudden tremor of the old man's hand as he said this, but. it was only momentary. 1 want to get back to civilisation," he continued, "and I thought I ought to have the hair off my face, so that my friends would recognise me." "Were you in the war, sir?" asked the barber, noticing a deep cut across the fore head, under the thick hair. \es,.I was in the Bushmen's Corps, and some pretty rough work we had, too." There was no doubt this time about the tremor of the old man's hand, and his voice was not more steady as lie asked, "Did you happen to know a ninn in the corps named John Jones? Not a very particular sort of nnme, but-well, my name's Jones, sir, and I noticed the name in the lists-same name as a son of mine-nnd I thought, perhaps, - you might know whether " es, know John Jones, of our corps He was wounded." So I saw, sir, in the papers. Do you happen to know if " "Oh, yes, he got all right again. In fuet he came back Willi us. He brougiit a wife with him, lucky dog!" "Did he, sir? Do you think-could you describe him, sir? Excuse me asking." Certainly. A big lump of a chap, about my height." "Jack was not— I menn, sir— well, the fact is my son Jack has been away from home a long time, and I hnven't heard any thing about him. I don't know why I should think so — the name's common enough —but I always thought I'd inquire, if I had the cliance," faltered the old man, his voice getting more shaky as he weiit on, sus pending his task for a while. "But you can scarcely care much about him, I should think, if he cleared out like that, and never wrote -or anything," von- tured the stranger. "Oh, weli, sir, you see, I'm his father." ''Ho seems to have bceen a queer sort of son." Not ut all, sir," said the old man, witli a flash of indignation." Only headstrong and wilful. There might have been some good reason why he went away liltc that." ' "And why he stopped away?" "I suppose so, sir. He was only a foolish lad when he went away. But could yon tell me whether this young man— "John Jones of ours is not a veiy young man now, you know. Quite 30, if not more." . . , "My Jolm would be 31, sir." The old mau had recommenced his task in spite of the excitement, which he could not disguise, fight against it as he would. Although the identity of this particular John Jones with his son was so remote a possibility, the fond old father held on to the forlorn hope with desperate tenacity until it should be proved to be ill founded. The. thick beard of his customer had disap peared under the old man's razor, and his upper lip was now being subjected to simi lar treatment. "You seem to have nothing but kindly thoughts towards your .son. Do you think you could forgive him if lie came back peni tent?" "Oh, that I would, gladly!" cried the old man, with something like a sob in his voice. ' "Would you recognise him, do you think, if you saw liira now?" "Why, surely I would, sir. Would a father know his son?" "But suppose he should have altered very much?" "All, sir, a father's eyes are keen." "I suppose the lad had some distinguish- in" marks about him— something you could identify him by at once." "Well, sir, my John had a rather deep scar on his upper lip. One of liis. school mates hit him accidentally across the mouth with a bat. The sear always showed." As lie spoke, the razor lie was using sud denly shook so violently that the stranger called out, "By Jove, you'll make a scar on my lip if you're not careful!" -"You have a scar, there, sir— in the same place, just like my son's," and the old man's voice quavered almost to a cry. But his customer seemed impatient of liis sentiment, and he made a movement to get up, but the old man put his hand on his shoulder, and finished his tusk with the air of an honest tradesman who will not spoil his work. "Well, now you've finished, I'll just lmve a wash up, if you don't mind," said the stranger as lie bent over the shampoo basin in front of him, and began vigorous ablu tions. He continued speaking, his voice muffled first by the water, and (lien by the towel, as the old man bustled nervously about, moving razors and brushes in an aim less, agitated way. "I must tidy up a hit before I meet my father, you' know—I'm in a bit of a mess myself. Fact is I'm afraid to meet him — scared out of my life — though I needn't be. He's forgiven mealrcady, I know — dear old chap— I say, was your son anything like me?" He stood up under the gaslight, which threw deep shadows and high lights on his face. The old man looked at liim, but the uncertain play of the light on his face seem ed to daze him for a moment. "Don't you recognise me, father?" The words burst from him at last, and seemed to strike upon the frail old man like a withering blast. "I have come home, dad— with Kitty, my wife!" The old barber grasped the chair with one hand as he shaded his eyes with the other, searching the stranger's face. But the fea tures lie Eliould have recognised were ob scured by Hie mist of tears in liis dim eyes, and he stood there strangely irresolute, seeming afraid to put forth a hand to grasp the joy lie had sought so long. Then the younger man stepped forward and stood before his father iii"tlie full light, grasping the old man's hand in a firm clasp. "Oil, God, my John come baek! My John —can it really be you?." But lie did not need now that liis son should answer him. ; > . . . The End. 