THE DAY OF BEST. THE BENEDICTION. BY S. PEAECE CAREY, JLA., A Earewell Q»nnon preached in TBoodgate Baptist Church, Loughboroogi. "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ and the love of God, and the cotamunion ot the Holy Ghost be -with you alL"—2 Corinthians xiii. 14. These are fflre mtost familiar wtords, the most ol'ten-qraoced -words in the liew Testament. Wif8i Pawl Hhe pronotmcting of these benedictions was never a formality. The rest -of his letters were vntteu at luB dictation "by same penman — Timothy, or Silas, or X*ike; but. these benedaatkuDS fee was aQJUstomed to pen with his own lnand, eo that flhey became Paul's cbamcteristac mark, charged with special -reality- and force and tenderness so that ibo the Churches to whom his letSers were "senfc tiiese Paul-written benedictions became the most treasured lines. There was no sameneas about these benedictions of the apost3e,but a richer and beautiful variedntss in them, as you "would expest from Ids fresh and fertile mind. •'Grace be with you," "The Lord be -with thy spirit," "The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be witn your spirit," "Grace be with' all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in unoorrnptnass." And then the fullest Sad loveliest of all, "The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the lore of God, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all." This has become ,the moat popjllar of all Paul s benedieijitttre. 'I't was with these words, or kindred wolds, he was accustomed to say farewell to those amoag.st "whotni he had laboured and'had greatly' loved. It is aj striking fact thast it is Ho the Church at Corinth, the Church tirct had used mm worst, that -bad islander ed him, instated him. challenged his. honesty, his straightforwardness,- his style of israstehing, even his apostolic authority and all feat he and said, and did, it' is to .-chat Church, of all the Churches, that he sends this kindest, richest benediction; : -wjshH>g fchat Church, of all -the Churches/ the best that could be .-wished for it, when -it bad trashed for him. and done to him -the -worst. Notice -that Paul begins with the "grace of the liord Jesus Gbrisi," and from thai known grace he leaps to the unknown- Sis vearsago I told you that my creed, packed-into a. sentence, was, *:I believe in Jesus" Christ," *nd -tibey who have been ofsenest' -with ns trail most readily attest that I hare «pceached that Christ, that Hehas teen ihe.one song of my ministry, tbait, all the otAoors for our canvas ha*-e .been borrowed feom.H3s.name. There-ife scarcely a miracle of. His "we have atot stadied together. ecapeeTy a parable of His we hare not pondered • over; scarcely a, " sermon o£ ' His • that has not been our text. We have walked with liimfrom Nazareth to Calvary, and Olivet. W« have searched to see if we could find His chief ideas and beliefs, the ideas that w-ereihe pole-stans of Tfig miniatry. Hie aaul and substance of all truth that I have taught you has been Jesus Christ. Bat for Him I should lia^e had -co message. Bis is the name that .we have conjured with. We have searched into His inmosrt, heart together. We ia-ve-been with Him in His temptations. We have examined His methods. We have listented to His prayers. We -have stood pertictually "beside His cross. We have fe3± the breeze,that blows from theigardeti of His open sejnilchra. All duty and all deity, all .truth and all holiness we have looked for and have found in Him. Oh, 1 thank God I am sot gome away from you because I hare to3d you affl 1'could teB of Him: Not thrice six years together could exhaust EEs name. I feel that I have bat just hegun to know Sim, and the inereasmefaiowtedgeof iBm makes the pleaching of His lp«e an es^er^rowing fascination and delight. And so it was, only immeasarably more, so, with BauL - Jesus. Christ was the bedrock of all Paul's J)bilosophy and tfa^ology. It was tiirourfi Jesus CJhrist that lie leant to has faith in 6od tie flstber and i£e Hoiy Ghost. H»e Paul speaks jjatiticulaaiy of the "^race of the Lord Jesus Christ. Dr. Baxter once said tijafc djctaocary-makers revel in polysyllai)4es, but the words they disiike and fret atpj"* are maoogyilahles like love, hope, and grace. -It taxes them to define thase siAi|i3er words. There seems no oithter words bnt "grace" tha± covers all its meaning. Ji is mercy, at^is bounty, it is cemdeamiaozu it is courtesy, it is the unearned genaMMty. of ., Christ—ail this and much more. Givifig was the very life of Christ's life, the -way Becessky of His •nibtBce. For TTim to hare toed without giving would have beew arlivdng deaii. All the symbols and the slmilies.of Him in the Gospels set fortii this He'is tie'Bread of Heiven—for rtlie 'wradd's' nourishing: He is the Waier of life—far*he woiid's thirst. He is "the Ijfeht—for tiie wotWs cheer and guidance. He is tbe Brid^room—for the ivtH-M's'dadtojing. He ifi the Lamb—for the woda asfaj- beazinB. He is i3ie Shepherd —for the warid'e «jfolding. He is always giving away. He is the illustrious Giver, the dxTOte Extender. Savs He perpetually/ "AD Mine is -Qiine;" He said not of any±hijw .<iB± He possessed that it was ISs own. £fe looked not on His own things, but aJwavs on 4he itinngs of others. He emptied Himself-into the treasury of human need. Such as I have, He said, and all that I hare I give to thee. Not simply on the cross, but day by day He ga/re His body and His Uaod, His flesh and soul for ihe salvation of. ihe w6rid. You can't think of Jesus-Chrisfc-exeept as .giving something to somebody—sight to the blind, vigour to ^the palsied, peace to the maniac, welcomes to the children, pity to the outcast, pardon'to the penitent, food^to the hungry; warning to ithe tohpted, work to the eager, reasmrraJice to. the sceptic, life to the dead. .He was .always giving,, and He could not help HnnseS, such was the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ. Though He was rich, cheerfully and deliberately He made Himself p<5or far men. ;Eor His own hun— He would not command one stone to come' bread, bat 'for the hunger of others He blessed and mufflapJied She loaves. For His own thirst He would not . strike one stream of water from tie cock as Moses did, but for otiers He would' even change the waiter into wine. H^^aved others; Himself He would not save. There was only one fiirish for,such a life as His—the death on the cross. D<> you. think ±hat was to satisfy law? I tell you it was to satisfy Christ's own big heart. Not to ha.ve died would have been for Him to have lost life's great opportunity; He -would haw been of all men lie most to be pitied if He could not have gone to-the "cross. He found His life in losing it, and it is of all . this that Paul thinks when he says, '^The grace of the ' Lord,Jesus Christ be with you." Oh, I hare tasted of that grace and graciousness of His amongst ,you! He has helped me •through at times when I never deserved it, when, if I had. had my deserts, 1 should have bear" a humiliating failure, put to shame in ddiifi very pulpit, but He "has pardoned and has helped. "And the love of God/' Here are people. as there are theologies, thalt, jvhile they repj-esent Christ as winsome and tender and compassionate, would have you think of God as distant and severe. Oh, how a theologv like that would have made Christ shudder! Says He,'' "The Bather Himself loveth you." Jesus Christ was not an invention* by which the Slather could .become lox-ing, or behave as loving to us. Jesus Christ is fihe superiajfcive, everlasting proof and illustration of the love of God; the efflicence and outrush of that, heart: The warm centre of the universe is God. The £on could have done nothing of- Himself txcept the Father had dwelt in Him and had taught Him. Oh, brothers and sisters, believe tie love of God and trust yourselves to it. If you trust yourselves to "the waves of "the fea they are Hke the arms of a mother. So it is with the love of God. God's bieath is love. When He -ceases to love He. ceases to be. You cannot escape from the love of God any. more than an island can escape from the sea that encircles it, or than you can -escape from the atmosphere you daily breathe. You say, "I am a iinner and a rebel." Never, mind. God loves you. liven if. no one else in the world loves you, ' even if youyjjo not love yojirself and have grown disgusted with yourself, God will continue to love you." He will love you into being Tfig friend. Ho cannot h«lp Himself. It is His nature, and Jesus Christ has come to Sell ' us so and prove it to the uttermost. Read aright, everv single ithing God does for us is love. We'cannot see it- now, but we must give God tiiue. I have stood before the alterations they are making in the Ashby- road School, and tried to understand what was being done, but I could make nothing out of the chaos. But by now it has begun to grow into order and design, and we can see what is intended. Give God time. I^t Him have space and scope to work out His purposes. We shall miss henceforth a uttie of the ministry of the human love that has been so much to us, but the Jove of God abides and will ahidc for-you. and for me. Let thdt love of God so possess us. so bum into our hearts, as that we shall be loving like Himself, "lie only hope of my doing any good for God or man out yonder is that my heart should be eaaituned "by the love of God; and the only chance lor Woodgate being and doing whai it might is for Woodgate to get charged with that- same Jove, fiicv say you are cold and distant as a Church. God knows you hare not b«n that, and if they knew your true heart they would never utter that blasphemy again. Get so filled inch the love ol' God' that it shall be impossible for any man to "breathe again that dander, and "the whole town shall feel the fire kindled in this place. "And the commiinion of the Holy Ghost." God is a Spirii-, the nearest and dearest Thing there is. not far away. Have not We felt the breath and breeze of His Spirit v. itliin this house? To the agnostic God is not a spirit, He is a cold scone. To the Buddhist He is not a spirit in comradeship with man, but a spirit absorbing all lc His insatiable self. The Roman God was a cold. God—an icicle. To the Mohammedan God is an almighty Strength and Power, before whom the eoul must prostrate itself; ?rever the mother heart, nor the ."Spirit that broods over every soul of man. But Jesus Christ hap taurirfc us 'that God is near and tender and vital and vitalising, and "vvc have known it and tasted it here a hundred times. And our hope for ourselves and one fot another for the new year is that that -oommnnkm inay become more quick and teving -and precious to us all. For when (that spirit comes into our life there will come & tKissioa for holiness, a passion for truth, a passion for progress, and a passion for the communion of sainte. If we are to be strong and fruitful, you and I, it must he by the inewasahg understanding of this great- benediction, hare you well. The ee of the Lord Jesus Chrst, the love of d, and the communion of the Holy Ghost be with you all. 