MOUNT ADRAH Tlio usual monthly meeting of the Mt. Adruli Progress Committee eventuated on Saturday evening 17th February, Mr. N. Melrose was absent. After correspondence was read and passed the following business was dono : — ! Tho cemetery site. After rea'ing a loiter I from the Department, it was doomed advis nblo to stand over for the prosont. Rcgardiug bridge awaiting tenders to bo called, (tenders siuoo advertised for, which close 011 the 12th of this month). Letter from our merabor (M. Donaldson) apprising us of tho visit of tho Minister for Mines and Agriculture. As wo had na business to bring before tho Minister no de putation was sent. Tho complaints as to seating accommo dation at the Public School. MessiB. Crain and Cole waited on Miss M. Cox, teacher, and somo six or soven children wero found sitting on a low bench 011 the floor of tho ' sell iol room. Outside, the school fonco was found to be in such a bad state that pupils had to run their horses in Crain Bros.' pad docks. Also that tho sweetbnara were be ginning to get a good footing in the school ground, and should bo grubbed atorice. Pro posed by Sir. Crain, seconded hy Mr. Prowse, thatjtho Secretary write to tho Inspector of Schools, Wagga, and bring the matter before him. Carried unarimously A letter to the following effect has since boon sent : — Tliut some 41 rods of fonco aro required, 'with top rail andjfivo wires ; that rails in old fenco aro sound and could be made use of again, but that posts aie rotten ; that cost of erection of fence will bo £1 and that sweet briars would cost 30s to grub. Mr. Jordan, who occupied the chair, re viewed the work done by tho committee dur ing their two terms of olfico, viz., six and i twelve months respo'tively. The soeaker said that the committoo wero told by our member for this electorate, hat he had not n ghost of a show in getting a bridge over the Yaven Creek. [It sho Id to men ioned that it was reported the bridge would cost too much, and that traffic did not warrant tho Government to build ono over the Yaven, hence Mr. Donaldson's attitude. Ho per sonally told mo that if we would bring tho mattor up a;;ain, he would do all I10 oould for us. IIo 'ha8 fulfilled his promise hy ably as sisting the Mt. A.P.C. in getting this bridge (or tenders called) - Our Correspondent.] The members of the Progress Committee gavo up the bridge as hopeless, but, thanks to tho majority ol tho committee, who took vigorous stops in bringing forward agaiu the public want, eventually a fresh survey, was taken with the result that the Government were at last merciful, and tenders have been called for the construction of the needed bridge. He (the speaker} hoped to see the bridgu opened to traffic this coming winter. -Mr. Jordan touched on the maintenance men principle. He pointed out that jobs were numerous, but that the men were too few to do the work. When work was executed, it was only temporary, and was washed away by tho first heavy rains. Most of tho time of tho men was taken up travelling from place to place. He was an advocate of having maintenance men stationed on various points along the roads, but the Govemmont wero seemingly wedded to the old method of at tending to roads. He congratulated the committeo on the successful issue of all matters brought by them before the Road Engineer's and other Departments of the Crown, though 011 occasions they had to wait some length of time — but on the whole thoy had been treated well. He thanked ',all the committee for their good average attendance at meetings, also for their respect to tho chair at all time-i, and courtesy- shown him on all occasions. The committee wero all goo,d, friendly members. Hence, they could not help agreeing. He trusted that the members would always adhere to their friendly way of doing business lor the people of Mt. Adrah. He informed those present that, should he again be returned on the oommittee, he did not intond to accept the presidentship, if tendered him, for ho considered thero were others on the committee quite as efficient as himself to nold that responsible position. He once more thanked them for the kindness to him whilst he held office, Messrs. Crain and Prowse were voted as auditors to the committee. The accounts were gone through and found correct. Total income, £3; expenditure, 10s 10d: balance in hand, £2 3s 2d. .. The chairman spoke at some length, prais iag the secretary and treasurer. Ho pro posed a hearty vote of thanks to him, which was seconded by Mr. R. Prowse, and oarried unanimously. Mr. Cole thanked Mr. Jordan, Mr. Prowse, and the other committeemen for their kindly comments of praise. Ho said that he took kindly to the secretaryship, and did all in his power to fulfil his duties, and if ho failed he was not to blame. He found the position suited him, as he could often convey items to the local press, hence it worked both ways. Though not receiving payment direct from the press, he very often obtained privileges indirectly, and if again elected as committee man, at the forthcoming election, ho would again he proud of the secretaryship. Once more he thanked them for their kind wordB of praise. Mr. Prowse moved, and Mr Crain seconded, fhat the election take pl.ee on Saturday week. March 3rd. As 'an amendment, Mr. J. Crain moved that the election take place on Saturday 10th March. Seconded by Mr. J. Nicholls, and carried unanimously, Mr. Prowse withdrawing his proposal. It was proposed by Mr. Jordan and seconded by Mr. W. Mitchell, that Mr. J. Crain act as returning offi.er, and Mr. Prowse as poll clerk. Carried, both positions being accepted. Mr. L' rowse proposed, and Mr. Crain seconded, that all thoso who vote be charged Is for the privilege of voting, and that that bo sufficient for such nominators to stand for office, and that nominations close at 7. 30 p.m. on Saturday 10th March; election to take place at 8 p.m., same day. Carried. It was proposed by Mr. Jordan, and seconded by Mr. Colo, that all late com mitteemen of tho Progress Committee be ompowored to receive nominations between that date and the day of election, and hand over names and moneys to the returning officer 011 or before 10th March. Carried. Mr. Crain (vice president), in a good speech, d welt upon the good qualities of the late President. He also endorsed Mr. J01 .dan's appreciative words relating to Mr. Cole. Mr. Crain moved, and Mr. Mitchell seconded, tliat the secretary should receive some sort of compensation for his valuable services as secretary during his two terms of office, and that tho sum of 21s be presented to Mr. Colo. Carried. Mr. Jordan thought that the sum was a poor one. Though the funds of the Committeo were public money he considered it nothing bnt right that the 21s should be taken from ihat fund. All the work fell upon the seoretary, and the business of tho Committeo had to be written twice. It was finally proposed by Mr. Jordan, and seconded by Mr, Williams, that 21s be voted from the funds to the secretary. Carried unanimously. In an appropriate spoecli Mr. Cole declined the 21s, at the samo time thanking the Com mittoo for their kindness. He said that al though he was as poor as any man in the loom he would rather it had been a locket or some kind of a trophy. The money would soon vanish, but a trophy would not. Alter somo discussion it was proposed by Mr. Jordan, seconded by Mr. J. Crain, and cartied, that a trophy be presented to the socretary. Messrs. Crain and Prowse wero chosen to select a trophy. Mr. Jordan proposed tho adjournment, and declared the Progress Committee defunct. Rain started to fall yesterday, (March 1st), but up to dark only a few points fell. Twelvo points fell during tbo night. To-day we've had another few points. Rain liaB just started (2.15) to set in by all appearance. May we havo 3 or 4 inolies before it leaves off. Kress and party having failed to localo tho lost lead, under the 0L1 surface workings, have taken the engino to Jackalass (Gunda dagai). May they havo bettor luck than they experienced here. Water for stock and ovon household pm-. poses is fearfully Bcarco, and had at that Just around hero we havo been fortunate enough to escape .thoso dreadful buBh fires. Owing to the scarcity of water, piospooting for gold is almost at a standstill. Snakes have boon giving us a spoil lately, very few being scon. The hares and rabbits arc still 011 the increase, and I hey intend to I ' sit tight. ' Tliisi summer lins put up a 1 record for ants. On the hills they go for you, shifiini; you from ono position to 'i worse 011c. Will draw this to a c'osc at tlio glorijiis sound of heavy rain. Even those not pos sessing an acre of land oannot but fell glad dened by the weloomo rain. March 3.— Rainfall : — 27th Fob., 5 points ; 1st March, 3 ; 2nd, 77 ; 3rd, 20. Totnl, 100 points. 