LADY YELYET. CHAPTER III. SURPRISES. When Matt Shearson believed he had reason for an important conjecture he banked upon it and acted on it as though it were impossible for him to err. He had long since decided that tho baronet and the messenger hud been hired to lure him away from New York city and out of the country. .... This must be becduse Some criminal schemo was about to bo put in play, against which the diligent dotective's skill would in the course nf nvrvnts undoubtedly be enlisted. /As he faced tho midnight visitor at his street door, something told Matt. Shearson that this man was no ordinary caller. His coming in such urgency, directly on the heels of tho lapidly- worked decoy scheme, j was extremely suspicious. Matt handled men in working a case as would a demonstrator his puppets, promptly setting aside those that had done their turn. | The baronet and the actor, and even the messenger, Matt had dropped from all present, i care ; his mind's eye was now fixed on the ! future entirely ; ho was on the watch for new I developments from new people. i Therefore, as he regarded the man so anx I ious to enter his house, tho detective 'concen 1 trated all his attention to ward finding out from 8ome surface indication if the visitor s appear ance might not herald act two in the decoy fioheme — a ' curtain raiser' to further revela tions, so to speak. When the man turned his eyes from the ?windows of the detective's house to the detective's own face he exhibited a personality that was not likely to dispel the dotective's suspicions. A hat pulled low down concealed his features to the cheek bone, a muffler smothered his neck to his ears, and completed an almost entire obliteration of his visage. 'Do you know ?' he shot out. ' Know what ?' questioned the detective sizing up the speaker. ' Mr. Matthew Shearson.' 'Oh, yes!' ' He lives here, doesn't he ?' ' He did — till this evening.' 'What!' cried the stranger, 'you don't mean to say anything's wrong — happened — out of gear with him ?' Tho speaker was a big-framed man, unusu ally so. He became excited, and his arms moved restlessly. ' Why, no — he seems to have left, that's all,' volunteered Matt. 'Left!' ' Yes.' , ' How ? Where ?' ' Left the city, they say.' ' Moved to ? ' ' Out of the country.' ' You don't tell me !' ' To Australia.' The stranger did not hunt around for words to express his emotions. He naturally acted his great disappointment. ' I'm put in a bad hole, then !' he muttered, and started to move off. ' Wait !' said Matt, ' you're not going ?' ' ' Of course I'm going ! Is there any use staying hore? I wanted to see Matt Shear son.' „ ? ' And you wanted to see him pretty badly, too, eh ?' ' Bad enough. Do you want to pump me ? Be off — you won't work that!' The man bristled np and turned about to go his way. Matt was in no quandary. He never per mitted himself to be perplexed, but always re tained his wits. Still, he wanted to be sure to make just the right move. It would not do to let this man drift out of his reach until he had given an explanation of Jiis intense desire to see the detective. ' I said wait — do you understand ?' remon strated Matt, catching -up with the departing caller. 1 ' I'm waiting for nobody,' growled tho other. ' Yon will for me.' ' What's that ?' cried the stranger, squaring about. ' Don't interfere with my movements. What'^ your business with- me ?' I ' To find out yours with Detective Shear Bon.' tt TTT1- _J_ I ' YY-mwi!. ' I'm acting for him.' ' You're acting for him ?' 'Certainly.' How do you mean ?' ' Know him ; he's a personal friend.' ?' Personal friends don't fit my case. Don't ! hinder me! I've nothing to say to anybody I but Mr. Matt Shearson himself.' ' We will discuss that.' ' I guess not.' ' But — you must.' Matt detained the man with a fierce clutch ?upon his wrist. It was masterly — one of his especial grips. A steel handcuff could not more neatly havo fitted the other's wrist, nor more firmly ; a twist of the man's arm completed the capture, for a struggle ended in a wince. It was followed by an ejaculation, very sharp and very sudden, and the man lunged ovor toward his captor with a glare Close and eager. 'Do that again!' he breathed. ?' 'Do what?' questioned Matt. , ' That hitch of your iron fingers.' ' ' Want to town it ?' ' No— I want to identify it.' v. .' In the futuro ?' ' From the past. Why, man, you are Matt ' Shearson himself !' , ' S'sh !' uttered Matt, warningly. :?!. ' Oh, of course ! I sec — you're on the shady. Kn « m T Tlirl T lVlvirt it. rmt tnn 1ml (1 ' Move on !'' whispered Matt. \ 'Where to ?' ' Around tho corner, next street — a littlo \ wine room kept by a German.' ' I know — all right.' Matt drifted away from the other at an easy, careless saunter, but his oyes were on the alert. I He commended tho shrewdness of hiB ? mysterious visitor, on a par with his own. A mystic sign, woll understood, had passed between them. The detective was afraid that some approaching pedestrians might have caught the Joudly-spokon identification of the stranger, and the latter, it seemed, was on tho lookout for prowlers himself. The men Matt passed proved to be innocent strollers. Convinced of this, the detective rounded the block to reach the place- of appointment, It was a sleepy old wein-stube, filled with its usual crowd of smokers, drinkers, and gamesters. The man Matt had directed thither was planted behind a full bumper at a remote tablo. - The detective approached hird gradually, and moved down finally upon him like a stranger striking up an acquaintance. ' I understand !' spoke tho other, in a tone lilcely only to reach Matt's ears ; ' innocont enough looking crowd, but you nsver know. I Meed to be watchful myself.' ' Is that so?' queried the detective. ' Till I get through with you. Then I don't care, particularly. What ! Mr. Matt Shearson, shrewdest of the shrowd, the man with tho photographic memory ! You don't mean to say I atump you ?' ' Yes,' acknowledged Matt, bluntly, ' in your present trim you stump me.' ' You don't know who 1 am ?' ' I don't — with your face covered- up.' ' Puzzled to guess how I knew, you ?' ' I have an idea as to that.' | 'Ha! ha!' The man was almost boisterous with his mirthful chucklings. Then he steadied down, furtively swept his eyes over the adjoining tables, and picked up a deck of cards at his elbow. ' We'll have a game,' he said. ' Very well,' nodded Matt, recognizing his companion as ' a fly one,' and humouring his mood. i While the latter shuffled tho pasteboards, dealt them, and both pretended to play, the conversation was resumed in low tones. | ' You don't know me ?' continued the j stranger. | ' I will when you give your cap and muffler a hitch, I daresay.' ' Think so ?' j ' Let us see.' ' How now ?' The speaker revealed his full face. 'Yes,' Matt whispered, I know yon !' ' Bill Sharkey.' 'Yes.' ' Whom you arrested three years ago for the big Commercial bank sneak ?' ' And sent up for ten years.' ' ¥tdu have it. Well, here I am.' Things were coming brisk, and they kept the detective thinking. He hardly knew how to take this last development. ' You made ' good time' fast,' ho suggested. ' Oh ! it wasn't ' good time.' ' ' Commuted, then ?' '.'No — pardoned.' ' You have been pardoned out of the peni tentiary?' ' At Sing Sing.' 'When?' ' This afternoon.' Matt regarded his companion with, a good deal of interest — a decidedly new proposition he was. 'And you knew me from past experience ?' The ex-convict grinned and winked as he rubbed his recently-imprisoned wrist. 'I never forgot that clutch — it made a last ing impression on me the day you first hit me !' ho' observed. ' Go on,' said Matt. ?' I suppose it surprises you to see me here,' proceeded Sharkey. 'Naturally. Here I am, though, friendly and fearless.' ' Friendly enough to forget that you saw mo, if you hear to-morrow that I am miles away on the ocean ?' hinted Matt. ' Oil ! I'll probably bo as far away myself — and why not ?' submitted Sharkey. ' And fearless, y&u; say ?' ' Perfectly. And why not, again ? I've settled with tho State. I am a free man — bettor than that, Mr. Matt Shearson, I am a square man, now.' ' Concluded to drop the old lay, eh ?' ' Root and branch. You won't laugh — you are not of that kind. But — nevermind that ! I got my pardon at exactly three o'clock this afternoon. By five I was ready to take the train.' ' I congratulate you.' 'For, Now York — foryou.' ' And why and where do I come in ?' ' That's my story.' ' Lot us hear it.' ? ? „i„.i ? ? ? i_ xuvj oituutiuii ujjpuiuuu very Bti'ijngiy to tho detective. It was surprising as well as novol. Tho fact of this man, a natural onomy, coming to him in a friendly way, was some thing worth analyzing. Nor did Matt lose sight of his own belief that in some manner his companion was con nected with tho events of tho earlier evening. ' First,' said Sharkey, shuffling- the cards, ' I deal. Keep up tho play. It will afford ex cuse for tho conversation if we should be watchcd. Six cards this timo.' He threw out tho cards from the pack with tho rapid flip of the gambler. ' Hide that last !' he whispered, giving a sharp glance abont the place. 'All right!' ' ' It's a picture.'.' 1 I . ' picture ?'! queried tlio detective, look ing down at the eixth card. ? f The convict had dealt it facc down to the detective — face down, still tho lattor had ualmed it. ' Pocket it,' ordered Sharkey. ' I'll do better than that,' said Matt. I-Ie slid it up his sleovo with tho dexterity of an expert card-sharper. ' Now thou, will you oxplain ?' he de manded. , „ ' Yes. I havo given you a warning. 'You havo given me a picture for a pur poso?' ' Of course.' ' Whose picture is it ? ' Last week, I would havo said ? ' Tho speakor paused impressively. 'Woll?' ' The picturo of a ghost.' ' Ah ! And this ?' ' The picturo of a person who is very likely to make a ghost bf Mr. Detective Shearson. ' I am getting curious,' confessed Matt, glancing about the room, and then shifting tho card back into his palm. ' Very well — take a peep.' Tho detective turned tho card over, and the convict allowed his glanco to drop where Matt's own fell — upon tho face presented. It was that of a woman drawn in pencil — a woman young, shapely, fair. Matt Shearson's eyes oxpressed the surprise of a lifetime — those of the convict were grim, severe. As if he were voicing the crisis and climax of a destiny, two words proceeded from ' the dotective's lips. TerrifEcally emphatic they wore : ' LADY VELVET !' (To be continued.) - 