Sittings. Highway robberies with violence area present of frequent occurrence in Melbourne' Number of leases taken up at the Qwalia by Bewick, Morelng aud Co, Malcolm again badly beaten by Leonora cricketers last Sunday. Interest in the forthcoming Malcolm municipal elections not very brisk up to the present. Kruger had a most hysterical reception at .Marseilles, but his reception in J?aris raw a particularly quiet one. "Umpire" thinks that JSaoket, Jf.L.C., ought to be boss of a ladies seminary instead of wasting the time of the country in Parliament. Ten candidates in the field for the sir seats at the Maloolm Municipal Council table. Some talk of making application for the use of the old Malcolm Post Office building as a Council Chamber. The French accuse the Bikhs, attached to the Indian contingent in China, of ransackjng the Ming torabs. King Leopold of Relgium has informed the Duke of Orleans that his projected visit to Brussels is viewed with disfavour. The colony of Natal has resolved to send a member of the Government to take part in the Australian Commonwealth inauguration ceremonies. In order to evoke enthusiasm in Franca Mr Kruger and his suite display six of his granddaughters wherever they travel. Perhaps the hoary old hypocrite has matrimonial objects in view. Interesting subject of correspondence in the Perth Morning Herald—" fs the taste of the Perth girl lond." Of one thing we are very oertian—the tlcrald must be very hard up for copy. -J* -, Reported that Mr G. W. Hall is now on his way back. This is good news for those interested in the welfare of the North Star mine. . ^ ft should not be the object of Malcolm Board of Health to put ratepayers to as much expense as possible when prosecuting them for breaches of the Health Act. Tim Hegarty is the light-weight champion pug. of Australia. He won this distinction by defeating McGowan in Melbourne recently. General Boiler has been presented with the freedom of the city of Exeter, together with a 6word of honor from his native county of Devon. While the will of a rich Swiss gentleman named Gehrig was being read before hiB sorrowing relatives in Geneva recently the •'deceased" walked into the room. The assembly taking him for a ghost, fled in all directions, and it was with the greatest difficulty that he was enabled to explain that he had not been drowned, as had been reported, but was called away on important business, which had kept him some time The death notices and varions accounts of his" life afforded M. Gehrig great amusement. . Mr F. Brewer has withdrawn from the Mayoral contest in connection with the Mai colm municipal election, but another candi" date has entered the field, in the person of Mr G. W, Stapleton. Patriotism does not in all cases extend beyond individual interests. According to telegraphic information, the Mudgee (N.S.W.) Council has declined to assist in the Sydney Commonwealth celebrations. It has passed a resolution to the effect that since the principal monetary advantage would accrue to Sydney, the Sydney people should bear the expense. The alleged " Captain Starlight " has been giving the Perth dailiis some sensations, columns during the past few days. Every, body knowing anything aboot tbo deceased busrànger—whether he was accustomed to drink his tea neat or take sugw in it—have been simply rushing the newspaper offices in order to be interviewed and get their names into print. " He told me he « shook' a thousand jim worth of gold from the New Miuchison King," said a witness at the Quarterly Ses sionç yesterday. «Excuse me," remarked the B.M., "I'm acquainted with a fair amount of slang, myself, but w, 11 somebody kindly interpret that phrase." The lawyers to whom the remark was . a familiar quotation, explained that /1000 was meant. Later the same witness, when interrogated by Mr Clark-Hall as 10 whether he was sure that it was gold that McKeuna showed him in the cake tii). asked that gentleman whether he thought hé didn't know gold from Canterbury cake.—Murchieon Timet, A marriage under extraordinary circumstances took place at the Sydney Water Police Court the other day. A German 6ij>mau was being prosecuted by a jilted lady love on a charge of having stolen a chain which she gave, him on his promising to marry her. While in court a friend sought to convince the accused of his faithlessness and said that if he did not marry he would be put in gaol. "Will I?» exclaimed the German, excitedly, " then I'll marry her." Mr Isaacs, S. M. fell in with the arrangement, aud a parson wns summoned, and they were married in the magistrate's room. The bride and bridegroom then entered thé court, when Mr Isaacs greeted the couple, and announced that the groom was «is. charged. The latter grimly thanked the magistrate, and the pair went away. The Duke of Manchester, who has just acquired a Cincinnati millionaire's daughier, was evidently sadly iu want of such a uxury. The giddy young core, with a patri. ony of some 27,000 acres and numerous rt treasury of untold worth at Kimbolton Castle, has contrived to go bankrupt for 42,000 at the early age of 23. At a recent eeting of his creditors it was stated that of he £42,000 of the debtors' liabilities £9 000 ere, fully scoured, £14,000 were genuiee iabilities, and £10,000 absolutely bad. t the same meeting Lord Sandwich was ppointed trustee in the bankruptcy, and a committee of inspection was selected. 