, Anti-Separationists I Haye Met. ? —a ? (By 'The Wanderer.') The nomadic influence being strong upon me, I boarded a train a few days ago bound for the capital of the Black Swan Settlement, Perth. It was late at night when Southern Cross was passed, and even the moonshine did not enable us to see the line thereabouts marking off the new colony^ ur Auralia. Apart from the general failure to locate the boundary bne, nothing of paramount importance' occurred' until thp. Swan River was crossed' and Perth reached. One of the alleged beauties of this Scotch-named city is the Esplanade, and during the afternoon of the day of my arrival the sea-borne zephyrs and green grass induced , ,ne to meander round this delectable spot. ' While ruminating over things p.ist. present, and future, my languid attention . Ivyas arrested by the posse^or of a well shaped head and face unusually keen, and shrewd ioold:iy. It occurred to' mt, that a contractor I had known re7 sembled the passer-by. Mutual 'recog nition confirmed this belief, and con versation naturally eventuated. 'How long have you been down from the goldfields?' he asked. . 'Only a few hours.*' 'You are well posted on matters there then. Tel(l me, is theie any thing in this Separation movement?' 'There just is; paenty of interest, energy, money, and perseverance.' 'But you hain't a ghost of a chance of getting Separation. Now, have you ?' 'Yes ;» certainly, why not?' '?Why, see how Father O'Gormah was treated; had to go to the fourth clerk to -get an interview with Chamberlain.' . 'That's nothing ; that particular clerk is the proper personage to go to in order to arrange interviews.' 'Yes ; well, anyhow, I don't think the British Government would grant: Se paration. They have more regard for the interests of the colony as a whole, and Sir* John Forrest.'-' 'Perhaps ; ' but that's opinion only. The goldfields- are certain of two things. One is that they are united m their demand for Separation, and the other is that the rest of Australia is supporting them. These two factors count for 'more than Sir John Forrest's personality.' 'Ah, well, you can't make me believe that you'll ever get it.' Ands'with an incredulous toss of his' head my contractairc friend mounted his bicycle and glided off into space. This abrupt arousal from my idyllic day-dreaming unnerved me, the arca dian scene seemed incongruous witlrthe frame of mind induced^ so I started 'wandering, the railway station, being the objective. The barrier station gates were safely passed, and the platform' gained, when. ' suddenly my hand was gripped 'and an inquiry hurled at my inoffensive per son. 'Hulloa! Where have you been to this, long time ?' The speaker I recognised as a1 civil servant in the Mines Department. Ex pressing my tinqualified delight at the re-union, I answered his question. ''?Been living on the goldfields for the past six months.' 'Have you. really.' Say. what do you think of this Separation move ment? Do you think you'll ever get -Separation ?' 'Yes'; don't you ?' 'No, I do not . Why, there's no bot tom to the movement: it will fall to pieces directly.' - - 'As you have not been on the spot, you have underrated the movement. It's chief features are solidity and unani mity.' 'But then, look at the figures given in the Reform League manifesto. Why. Actuary Owen has knocked that kite high.5' 'Nothing of the kind, sir. Even ad mitting Owen's production to 'be cor rect, he only qualifies the figures in one particular. The rest, by inference, is ! all substantially correct.' ? 'You can say what you like, but no one here takes the movement seriously. I don't see how it can possibly succeed.' 'That's because you are led by the nose by the daily press here. If you knew the circumstances of the case, and thought for yourself, you would come to a different conclusion.' 'No fear, I ? ' Just then the engine whistled, and he 'made a dash for his train with a celerity that did him credit. Congra tulating myself on getting rid of bo the'rsome interrogators, I ensconced myself on a platform seat, Absorbed in' reverie, I did not notice those seated near me, until aroused by the question, addressed point blank to me, 'When did you come down from the goldfields ?' Looking around, I recognised a su burban municipal councillor . of some years standing. After enquiries re mutual health, and comment on per sonal appearances had been exchanged, he renewed his question. 'Came 'down this morning.' 'Did, you? How are things on the_ goldfields ? I see you are going in f or) Separation. Do you think you'll' get it?' 'There is every reason to believe so.' 'But are they unanimous on the point? ,'We hear down here that the movement is only half-hearted j some are against it.' 'Then ('you have been wrongly in formed. ( The one prominent feature of the whole business is the unanimity of all classes of society on the goldfields in favor of *;the movement.' 'But if Separation is granted, what is to become of us? Surely you don't want to iruin us ?' 'The goldfields have _ suffered ' long enough. r Besides, you' can avert ruin by compelling your Government to federate -with the other colonies, even when Separation is granted.' 'There's one thing in our favor. The daily Pr'ess here reckon it will not be granted,; and that your demands are un just.' * ? 'Strange that they have not attemp ted to refute the arguments adduced in favor of Separation. They have sim ply ridi/culed and misrepresented.' 'Well, good-bye, if you must go. good luck to you.' To cine of a retiring disposition, such continnous interrogation as this arouses an ov(;rrpowering desire to get away out back. Such jarring of distinct dis cords is an infliction not lightly to be borno. *Dcsire, and the possession of a ticket, induced me to board a train bound for Collie. Two incidents oc curred on the' journey. Real creani, pure product of the cow, was supplied to us while dining at Pinjarrah. Over against this may be cited the fact that oiv the same dining table there were jars bearing the inscription, 'Hilton cheese, made in England.' Dairying is, not '. up-to-date ? ;at Pinjarrah. A bumptious specimen of the groper land official .was met with at Brunswick Junc tion. One of the passengers in our hearing was enjoined to be careful what he1 said, or would not be allowed to travel by the train. . Some conversa tion in our department caused him to command us to 'be civil, now.' There upon he was . facetiously dubbed the 'uncivil servant.' The next day a friend was induced to- 'show us over the Collie coal. mine. Impressed with the extent of the work ings, we were returning to our quar ters when, the local registrar hove in sight, and was introduced. Enquiry as to where' we hailed 'from immediate ly produced the now inevitable ques tion — 'Do you think the Separation move ment has 'any chance of success?' 'Yes; a 'good chance!' 'Don't 'you think it is inconsistent? You warjft Separation and Federation. How car* you 'reconcile the two' re quests ?' 'Easily. There's no chance of Fed eration i£ Premier Forrest can prevent it — we are obliged to separate to get a chance 'to federate.' 'But see how you are going to in jure us by Separation. The coal in dustry wants encouragement. We want the Government to build, a line from here direct as can be to the goldfields line. But if you separate, and then federate you will block our coal.' 'Just so; but why not try to induce your Government to federate?' 'Ah, well, I don't think you have any ? chance of success, anyhow, so it doesn't matter. It is against all rea son and constitution to ask for separa tion.' : 'But -Victoria and Queensland adopr ted this method successfully, and' ' ' My interrogator' suddenly remem bered he had business eleswhere,- and left. It occurred to me to do' likewise. The coastal districts were too full ' of enquiry and contention re Separation to allow a peace-loving wanderer to en joy life. Grim satisfaction at eluding obtrusive interrogators induced me to purchase a ticket for the dusty plains and city of Kalgoorlie, and decision in boarding the train ended my wanderings. 