A LOST LOVE, OR A BLIGHTED LIFE. ? -~—* ? W THREE PARTS. . PAfiT I. ( piOMEdown and spend Christmas I with us at Rutherford. Little V-* Muriel and I are alone, and the sight of you will do me a world of good 1 So come as soon as you can, and shake hands with your old friend once more for the sake of ' auld lang syne.1 ?H. BUTHBBFOEP.' Colonel Lepton laid down the letter, walked to the window, and stood there staring out at the London fog and drizzle. He was an aristocratic-looking man ef five-and-thirty, tall and slight, with a fine soldierly bearing, and a restless .look in his deep-set dark eyes which contrasted strongly with the otherwise weary and worn expression of his singularly handsome face. He lingered at the window for some time thinking. Since landing in England two months before, he tad declined many such invitations as that which he had just read. He did not wish to see any one.; he only wanted to creep away and hide himself. But he had already begun to feel the unspeakable dreariness of solitude in London at Christmas-time, and, worse still, the ghost from which he ' had-fled steadfastly refused to be laid. Besides,- the invitation was different from the rest. What should he do f The next day found him speeding from London on his way to Butherford Manor. As he neared his destination, every turn of the road became familiar to him ; it was almost like coming home. The lodge-keeper— a good deal bent about the shoulders now— knew him at once ; the lodge-keeper's daughter, . grown from a child in frocks into a slim maiden of eighteen, recognised him with a smile and curtsey. The old butler waB respectfully de-' lighted to tee him, and expressed his ' regret that Sir Harry had been detained at the Home Farm and consequently had not come in yet. But Miss Muriel had returned, and was .at present in- the library. After leading the way to it, the old servant announced 'Colonel Lepton,1 and then closed the door as noiselessly as he had opened it. No one came forward to ?greet the visitor, and to all appearance the room was empty. The twilight of the short December afternoon had given place to the light of the burning logs piled up in the wide old-fashioned fire-, place, and the leaping flames lit up the oak-panelled walls, the quaintly-carved furniture and rich crimson hangings. As Colonel Lepton stood in the silent well-remembered room, old memories, -but not ^sinful onesy were busy *in his brain.. . -. . , , . 4 This is home,J he said to himself. * or i. m near home «.« I am. ever likely to W | He Advanced /within range of the | genial warmth of the fire, ananas he did I so, his eyes fell upon the motionless [ figure of a younggirl resting in a great [ deep easy-chair by the hearth. So I motionless was she that some seoonds E passed before he could satisfy himself' I that she was only asleep. The. folds of I 4 dark riding- habit outlined the slight I graceful form; -Her head was lying back. I on the velvet cushions, and one small I white Land hung'liEtlcsBly brer' the 'arm I of the chair. She had one of the I sweetest mouths imaginable; and long I dark lanhei rested on the delicate cheeks. I Biding-hat and -gloves lay on the floor at I horfeet, . ;, .. ' ........ iC'! '.''.,;? . f ' What a lovely child 1 Who is she r' I was Colonel .Lepton's firet thought. | Then suddenly— 'Why, this must be | poor Walter's little girl grown into a young lady 1 Sir Harry spoke of her ; but somehow I expected to see a mere child; yet it is nearly twenty years since Walter was married. What an ?id fogy I am t Can .this really be 'Little Muriel,' my poor old school fellow's orphan child P' As the young lady showed no signs of waking, Colonel Lepton, a little amused at the situation, drew a chair to the fire and sat down to wait. Presently the white eyelids unclosed. For a second or two the girl merely contemplated the Colonel quietly ; then, with a, delightful tragic start, she rose to her feet. . . ?I am afraid I have been asleep I Dear me, why didn't somebody rouse me ? Oh, I am so sorry 1' ' Not on my account, I hope,' said Colonel Lepton, who had risen from his chair. ' And after galloping all the. way from the Home Farm on purpose to be in time ! It is really too bad ! Have you been here long ?' ? ? 1 Not very long,' replied. the Colonel, smiling at her dismay. 'And there is really nothing to be sorry about. But I ought to introduce' myself.' 'Oh, no — we have been expecting you !' she said frankly, holding out her' hand to him. ' But this is only half the business,' he said, as he took the little hand in his. ?'?Oh '—with a toss bf her golden head' —'if grandpapa did not think it worth while to mention my existence ? ' 'Ah, now I know I You are Muriel Rutherford ; we do not want any formal introduction.' 'No, indeed; I have often heard grandpapa talk of you, though I do not remember ever having seen you before 1' 4 Probably not, for I have been in India for 'the last twelve years. But your grandfather and I are very old friends — have known each other all our lives.' 'Beallyl Do you know, I did not think you were quite so old as that— so old as grandpapa, I mean ? Ah, here he comes 1 What will he say when he bears bow shockingly you have been entertained V The door opened, and in came Sir Harry Butherford, a hale hearty old gentleman, his kindly face beaming with pleasure. He took in a welcoming clasp the hand of Colin LeDton. who had been the schoolfellow and friend of biB only son, now lying in an Afghan grave, and whom in old days he had looked upon almost as a second son. The hand shake expressed more than words could have done, for both men had known sorrow since their last meeting. Following closely on Sir Harry came the servants with lights and tea. 'Now, puss/ said the Baronet to his granddaughter, ' come and do your duty with the tea-pot ! And, Colin, my boy, bring up your chair .close to the 'fire, and tell us what you think of England after twelve years' absence.' Sir Harry gave no opportunity for compliance with his last request, and, as Colin Lepton dra&k; his tea and listened to the old gentleman's flow- of talk, he had plenty of time to observe Muriel presiding over her dainty tea table. He thought he had never seen a lovelier girl than she, with her fair face and deep soft hazel eyes. They sat chatting over the fire until it was time to dress for dinner, and then Muriel retired, leaving the two men alone together for the first time. They were standing facing each other before the fire, and Sir Harry, laying his hand affectionately upon Colonel Lepton's arm, said— ' It is like old times to see you here again, Colin 1 You mustn't throw me over for poor Walter's sake. What chums you two were ! If I could only have seen you together again I' ? Strange,' returned the other bitterly, * that he who bad so much to live for should have found the death which I, Heaven knows ? ' He broke off, as if fearing to. give way to the sudden emotion which had disturbed his habitual calm. There was silence for several seconds, and then Sir Harry asked — 1 Have you heard of her)' ' She is dead,' replied Colonel Lepton, his facejwy pale, but his voioe perfectly steady. 'Dear, dear!' $aid Sir Harry, deeply, moved. 'Poor Constance I But you were reconciled - first, Colin ? You forgave her '-' 'I never saw her again.' ' But in your heart you have forgiven ,her?' , Colonel Lepton was silent ; his eyes grew sterner, the lines -about hiB mouth harder. ' You do not nurse your anger against the dead ?.' exclaimed Sir Harry. ' Death cannot undo tlie past,' came the answer, in low distinct syllables. ' Colin, Colin, you are changed— terribly chanoed 1' jsaid Sir Harry, not attempting to conceal the horror he felt.' ?;.?'; ;' '. ;, . ? ♦ ??»-.# * . * ' I hope, Colonel Lepton, yon do not 'expect to find it all play and ao work in ' the country, -for I warn yon that I am going, to 1)6 desperately busy; and; I have, been thinking that perhaps you ?would be *ever^ Jiimfc-^ And Muriel finished' ier^pjilence with a playfully beseeching glance.' 'She was 'looktug prettier than joyer in her simple dark morning-dress, seated at the head Df 4he ^reaVfasi-ta^ ' ' .: :;'V ,V X'^ fi ':?' For shame, MuridUJ- laid Six-, Harry laughingly.1-* This^pp fcaii J ;,5Bh6; is going to iave they school-children' here for a tea-fight/ he-ipIained-to'Ooldnel Lepton. ' and it rigging up a Christmas iree for. the. youngsters. You mustn't let her victimise you.* 'Ism not in the least alarmed,' replied the colonel, with a pleasant smile at his ) young hostess. ' We all know the | terrible consequences of -idle hands, so I shall be very grateful if Miss Butherford will find some employment. for me. But you must make allowances for inexperi-. ence.' ' Thank you ; I am sure you will be o' great use I I have been reckoning on yon. I have never bad any one to help me before except Keith.' ' It is not at all in Lepton's line,' ex postulated Sir Harry. 'That remains to be proved,' said the Colonel. ' And pray who is your aide-/ de-camp Keith V ? . ? ' What— have you forgotten the Max wells ?' said Sir Harry. Old Maxwell died last year, and, as his son was just of age, he came into the property at once. He is living at the Hall .with his mother. And here conies the lad to answer for, himself; he is over here moBt days.' A quick footstep crossed the hall, and the door opened to admit a tall broad shouldered young man with a good looking honest boyish face, who came into the room with an air of being thoroughly at home there. 'That is too bad,' he said, having caught Sir Harry's last words. ' You know I am never over here except when I want your valuable advice on crops, stock, and other matters. How do you do, Colonel Lepton ? I was so impatient to meet you again that I came away without my breakfast; but I see you have forgotten me altogether.' ' And no wonder,' replied the Colonel, laughing and responding to the young man's hearty greeting with equal hearti ness, 'if you are indeed little Keith Maxwell, who could only just hold a gun when I saw him last.' ' ' Little Keith,' indeed !' Muriel put in saucily. ' A very fine little boy ! Now, sir, sit down and let Colonel Lepton finish his breakfast. You know what is expected of you to-day.' ' I'm game for anything if you feed me first,' replied tlie young man, sitting down to the breakfast table with an appetite produced by a six-mile gallop in the early morning. After breakfast, Muriel and her two assistants went to work ; and the three became very friendly. over their simple occupation. They decorated the ser vants'-hall with evergreens and wax candles and, after luncheon, arranged the Christmas tree. r The preparations completed apd the little guests arrived, Colonel Lepton, who insisted on remaining as a spectator of the proceedings, watched with ever increasing pleasure Muriel's graceful figure flitting about among the happy children. He had been struck at first by the girl's beauty and grace of manner, now be could not but admire her brightness, thoughtfulness, and freedom from self-consciousness. As for Keith, he kept the children, who all knew and loved the young Squire from the Hall, in a peipetual roar of merriment from the beginning of the entertainment to the end. 'Well, what do you think of him?' asked Muriel late in- the evening, when Colonel Lepton was in the smoking-room with Sir Harry, and Keith still lingered in the drawing-room before starting on his homeward walk. 'A regular brick I' was Keith's answer, given emphatically. ' He is very good-natured, if that is what you mean by 'a regular brick.' He was so nice with the children — not a bit bored with them1. But I was just a little afraid of him at first ; he lookB so very grave sometimes — almost stern,' Muriel said meditatively. 1 Oh, that's military 1' returned Keith lightly. (,A soldier ib nowhere if he can't look fierce. It wears off in time, though. Lepton hasn't half the swagger of little Oakes, who has had his com mission only three months.' 'He has no swagger at all,* said Muriel, a little indignantly; 'on the contrary, he is very pleasant, and he has travelled much and seen a good deal of life.' . 'Oh, any man can travel,' returned Keith somewhat testily, for Muriel's praises of the Colonel seemed to have no bounds ; ' one needn't be a soldier for that I I am thinking of running over to the Bockies myself this year.' 'The travelling itself will not make any difference,', said Muriel senten tiously, * if a man has uot the sense to profit by it.' , 'Meaning that I have none,' 'said Keith, with a merry laugh. 'Thank you, madam .1 It is evidently time for me to take my leave. Good night 1 I didn't know you were so fond of the Army,' he added, in'a pretended huff. _? ' Good night, Keith,' said Muriel, and the two parted— for that night. To Bs Continued. 