AUTOLYCUS OF THE BOOKSHOPS. THE inevitable " Imperial and Colonial Maga zine " lias made its appearance in London. Ib is to- bo tlie mouthpiece, - as its title suggests, of; the Imperialistic spirit, and is to be ptVblislied' monthly with illustrations. The historic evolution, present condition, and future prospects of the' colonios and settlements of the Entire, and mili tary and naval topics, will form the chief contents. ' The first number by Mr. A. C. Benson, address gy.2$& jsty," a«d the' poet's .brothernovelist,. is; sub- editor, (threadj^or chtf«ji^j^to veil his identity Avith'\j^ifmi-W^jf^i^^,th\»^iof " Celt-." Sir John CocliB^^; Sout^i^kii^rallii, contri butes un article - ? ";;- .... . E. W. ilornung,.. the Australian novelist, who leapt- into an; Engli sh 1'amo &omo; years- ago with an absurd, story, " A jJri<:lo from the .Bush,", lias, just issued what . li.is> publisher . (Mr. . .Grant, Richards) declares .to .bo '-his-most ambitions, - work.-its thomc is. ambitious, serious, far Itoiii that of a mere pleasing story." . -Its title is "Feeeavi," and Mr, Richards dcclaros himself, .satisfied that it will . bb' either a. grea.t succoss or a cojuijui ativc failure-but why " compara tive " ? * * * The death is announced of Charles Dudley Warner, one of America's most prominent- liter ary men, at the; ag,si of seventy-two. He made his reputation thirty years ago< with " My Sum-, mor in a- Garden," n. delightful book, and had been one of the- editors of Harper's Magazine since 1884. He edited the wiell-lcnown and valu able series of monographs of " American Men of-' Letters." Mr. "Warner wrote many chprming books of travel. '.* .* Kipling's story, of ,n.' man and his wife and a*. . " tertium quid " lias boon once more told,.-but this time it wns in. tlie east end of London, and it was the- wife who. died. She was the. wife.' of a barman named Turbqr at- Plaistow, and' acted as servant in the hon.se. Sh,e- thought 'hoi'» hxisband Avas not fond, enough of lier, and made: friends with . a> railway guard, David Noev®.. Thoy .met only once- or twice, and then the wife was atr.uok by remorse,- and she and the- man-. at his suggestion-told the husband of their1 meetings. Ho forgave her and they lived to gothor for some months. One day Mrs. Turber drowned herself, leaving a. letter in lier bed room swearing that she had donei no harm, but that hoi"-folly had spoiled her life. Sa-rah Grand, the novelist, has again' boon holding I'orth to- a ladios' olub on the fascinating subject of "Mere* Man." Acting on th,<* priu ciple of doing nothing which a "nice man" woaild do for her, she fonnd man to stick by lier in the lionr. of distress while. her feminine friends forsqolc lier. Man born of Avoman. she saidj must be something more than a huge joke. -It. was impossible to treat him seriously from nil points of view, for man took himself seriously enough to answer all purposes of humanity. In church he would call himself a " miserable sin ner," but if you ventured to agree' with him in the house he would begin to lie about it. * * * Israel Zangwill gave a lecture last month in London on "Fiction the Highest Form of Truth," and, in his usual whimsical way, said that lie would not deal 'with, the average novel, which was only fit for modern dramatists to dramatise-he has dramatised more than one of liisi own more than "average" novels-but with the works of the greatest writers. Thei inci dents they created, he said, were no less true than the deeds dealt with by the historian. In fiction .everything was true except the names and dates; in history nothing was true except the names and dates. The true artist and poet, like George "Washington, collid not lie, and fiction, therefore, was not only the fullest ti*uth, but the highest truth. » * * Although Marion Crawford ; is-best ::known as a writer of fiction, his real bent-contrary. to Mr.'Zahg'wiil's "dictum-is towards historical re search'. * He has at latest been working upon a companion volume to his " Ave - Roma Immor talis," which is to bear the title, "Rulers' /of the South." In this book lie treats of the his tory ! of Southern Italy, and Sicily under the different rulers who- have hold sway from the first.Greek settlers tbrthe":accession of the* house of Aragon. . . , . i When Jose]3h . Conrad ^first undertook at the beginning: of a the year to .writ© .-his latest novel, "Lord Jim,", for jBlackwood's.Magazine, he jn tende.d to1 make it "only a., short serial, and as such it began publication in the magazine. But it. grew from a short, tale into a full-fledged novel, and it is said that his monthly installment often reached the editor, so late as to jeopardise the continuity of thei story. It will now be published immediately in book form. C.onnut's new novel, "Lord Jim," tells the story of a. young seaman who has always dreamod' of the day when a great emergency shall arise and he. shall meet it face to> face. Suddenly this crucial moment comes, and its effect upon him is porti'ayed in ai most .unusual and striking fashion. The whole narrative is pro foundly psychological, profoundly human-a tragedy of daily lifts which stands ottt grimly against the romance of tlio sea and mysterious islands , of Malaya. * * * The publisher advertiser Robert ^Buchanan's new novel, "leather Anthony," us a counter blast to' Marie Corelli's " The Master Christian." Over 60,000 copies of Mr, Buchanan's "great 'romance of real 'life," as it is described, have beieai sold. Sir Theodore Martin seems to be responsible for the proposal to place a. bust of bis hvte< wife-, Helen Faucit, the famous Shakespearean actress, in th& church of S trat fo rd-on-Avon, 'wheie Shakespeare* was buried, and the chief orna ment of which is the bust of the poet-dramatist. For this inestimable privilege Sir Theodore Mar tin offered to pa.y off the whole, of the debt of the church, some £900, but the vicar has op posed the- project with determination, though the Bishop of Exeter gave his consent. Miss Marie Corelli has very properly raised a protest in a. London paper against this proposed " dese cration." * * * In concluding a. review of Iienry Lawson's poems just published.in London under its Aus tralian title, "The Academy" says: "Almost every side of the roving settler's life is touched, always with vividness, picturesqueness, and ti brave, open-air feeling. Hie book gives a bet ter idea than, volumes of prosaic description. For Mr. I/awson ha® lived the. life he sings. He is a right-spirited poet, and should make his mark among his like in England." * * * . Stephen Phillips's new poetical play, "Herod," which was produced in London last month, will be.* published a.tr once in book form. ' 'No* play* produced in recent years has attracted so much interest in literary circles ; its publication will be an event of - great importance to conteni jporary English] literature. - *' ' * * * .. The Poet .Laureate, whose fate it has been either to be neglected or reviled by critics, Un burdened his soul the other day in London, 'T Every great poet," he sa.id, "experienced and passed through three stages: in tli.et firstlie was either excessively "belauded or . excessively de preciated ; in the second he- was _neglected_if he had been previously ovei'-estimat^f-^'rClSjH^teek^ if lie had been uncler- estimj^^^^jjS^fn-s^it^Ci third and hist stage: he camoPjW^^Sinooth water-!* after1 being either in the of the wave.. Then lie- reacflio^lla.trgii^'' quil and assured fame."-. mW th.ei pleasant fate of Alfred , Vl\\(i.ug^l^Vo doubt it. . . * « * . Tho.Eurl of liosebery, relieved of the burden of . political responsibility, has been , emi^loying his leisure in his favmirite pursuit of biographi cal resoaroli, and the result of his recent Avork in this direction will shortly bo published. It will be a> study of Napoleon, and wil 1 make a book of considerable length, but it will not dea-l with the groat man's career cither as General or us Emperor, but mainly with his residence in captivity at St. Helena., an interesting sub ject, which the distinguished author says has been haunting him like a. literary ghost for many years--in fact, ever since his boyhood, * * * Steplion 'Phillips has been, tolling n, London interviewer that his new* play, "Herod," is "an attempt to- paint in dramatic verse with, an Eastern .background the most tremendous love story in the world, ,It is no ease here of a. boy and-girl passion as in 'Koineo and Juliet' and Paolo and Frahcosca,') lio'r even of the infafcua . tion of, a. middle-aged .man - for - n, Boii;.sw«ittfc colourless maiden as in ' Othello '; . lntfc t] clash of two natures equally iivbense and (1f iJar. baric emotion." If the character of Mi: i-] am no has been cast in as. heroic a. mould a.s > 0f her husband and lover, ITerod, then Li. ;\\[iss Maud Jeffries have the: finest acting opportunity of her career. * * * Robert. Buchanan, novelist, poet, dramatist and satirist, whose* most striking %vo-rk has "God and the- Man," was, when the latest Lou don mail left, in a. serious state of health. Manv months ago lie had an attack' of influenza, f0| 1 owed by inflammation of the 1 tings, and, on his recovery, went to'"France to recuperate. On his return he got back .to'his literary work and nho to- his favourite, pastime of cycling, but a. stroke of paralysis lias< suddenly seized liira,." affecting the whole of one side of his. body. * ; * # After Australians have been allowed to con gratulate! themselves; that a. lady, Miss Benu champ, who was born under the Southern Cross and became the Countess' von Arnim, was the mysterious author of that fascinating hook, "Elizabeth and'her German Garden," the pleas ing theory isjnow upseit by the declaration of tli.ei. publishers," Messrs. Macmillan, that the Countess " sa.ys she is not Elizabeth," though, as a London paper says, " this may be a. diplo matic denial "such as Scott practised." Miss Beaticha.mp married a son of the G'erman am bassador who was famous for his encounters ?with Bismarck in the old days. Her husband possesses an estate' on the Baltic in North Ger many, where the anonymous author jjlaces her garden, but so' has the Princess Henry of Prussia and the Princess Henry of Pless, Loth of whom lia,ve also been credited with tho authorship of thai book. * * * v Miss Marion Miller, the* Victorian poetess who /recently published a volume of verse under the. Jti^le " Songs from the Hills," intends to tempt fortune and fame once mor.ei with another hank, ^iiis time a. collection 'of short tales and skctchss, to which she will give the title of " Shamrock and Wattle Bloom," and sliei has also ready for the press a. second volume of powns which is to be called "Lyrics of Wind and Wave." Be sides these, Miss Miller has also completed a novel, "The Cup of Self-Surrender," hut the volume, of short stories is to first see the light. It will consist of mining and survey camp tales and sketches, many of Avhich aro founded upon tragedies' which occurred in tho Wood's Point district in early days. * * # When the hero says " I love you" to tlio heroine in Miss Hatllie Hives' new novel, "A Furnace of Earth," the author describes the con tact of these' fiery individuals asi follows: '. iier eyes floAved into hiss. From a flushed blur under cloud-pale eyelids, they had turned to violet balls, shot through with. a. trembling ligld. '.U>° look she gave. him melted over him in » rage-ct low©. Desirei bordered it, a smile dipp'-'d in it, promise made it golden, and he saw mvu longing painted in. it, as a. pilgrim sees his re flection in a slumbering pool." No wonder tluit book is causing1 a sensation. : VERDI and TAMAGNO. A r.'cent photograph ol' the groat Italian composer and his frioncl, the famous tenor. GnsKi'i'K Vkisiu, the groat Italian musician, who I'or almost a century has been tho darling of musical Italy, recently celebrated his ninety-fourth birthday, and the accompanying photograph shows him, together with the famous tenor, Signor Tumugno, who was his first, and -by many considered most faithful interpreter, especially in Aiiia. Although the latter is 110 longer by any means 11 young man, he still from time to time maizes a hriel' appearanco before the public, and fascinates ' almost as much as ho did when lie was at the <t]>p<i<'t' of his fiune, ami could truly boast of having no rival in in tho inteiprz'tation of his friend's numerous and popular operas. Ever since his last grand work, Fal .<'"/, was given at Homo in tho Constanzi Theatre, in Ma, Verdi has lived in complete musical retirement. The expectant public has always been on the qui vive, waiting for another great opora from the grand old maestro ; and " What is Verdi doing ?" is a standing question in Italy. Now and again the same question is put to Verdi himself, who always answers with his well known debonair laugh-of which old ago has not robbed him-"lam playing the ,piano !" Playing the piano i-N in point of fact, tho greatest occupation of Yordi's (dd ngc, but it is not true that his solo occupation now. consists in Uiis, Ho has, done and is doing much more. A college lias been established at Milan for the proper training 01 singers' voices; this will be a perpotual monument to his genius quite as much as some of his greatest operas. During the Inst period of his existence he has wisely abandoned nil idea of leaving, as a kind of testamentary Uigacy to the public, another grand opera, but has occupied instead all his leisure moments in compiling his reminiscences which he terminated precisely on his ninety fourth birthday, and which until now has been kept a profound secret. Verdi lias not limited his wovlc to the mere personal relation of his own experiences and triumphs, or to anecdotes concerning his numerous adventures in the musical world, which arc full of interest. To a man of his essentially modest and retir ing character, such a publication would have been an impossibility, but he has entitled his memoirs a " History of Music," as it was ; interpreted during his own life-time, which may be said to cover the entire century. He, whose rare kindness ot' heart caused him to shrink from any written expression of bis opinions regarding his musical contemporaries, has, it is said, accomplished a colossal and highly important work of systematic historical criticism of all the important pro ductions from the time of Giuseppe Bellini down to the present day. Photo l>,v 'J'nlnift, ' MISS MAUD WILLIAMSON", The well-known actress, who is now touring Australia as loading lady with Mr. Alfred Wood's Dramatic Com pany. Miss Williamson has recently produced a con siderable number of her own dramas, most o£ which are adaptations from popular novels. These include The Gates of Jln/iclfirjr., a stage verson of Hall Caine's The Deemnter: JUirahhrta, from Marie Corelli's Biblical romanoe of that name, and she has lately dramatised The 'Kiny's Stocl'hrol'nr under t,he title of Sapho. Before coming to Australia with the dramatic company which introduced The Pointxmmi and other London melo dramas to Australia some eight - years ago, Miss Williamson occupied a prominent position on the English stage, and made a great success as a leading member of Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Kendal's company at the St. James's Theatre, London. ?V -. Keappointeife^i/ma; r.Iinistcro. This distinguished .Tjj^ssents the moderately progressive party, iTfffP^lms replaced as '! Premier the Count Okunw, whoso proposalfor full re- ' re presentative government on the British principle proved 'I unacceptable at the present time in the land of the I | ' chrysanthemum. Five years agD, at the time of tho ' .1 war between China -and Japan, the Marquis Ito was 1 ' , Prime Minister, and it was his action in retroceding to . -I Chiua the Liaotung Peninsula which had been given to the Japs by the Treaty of Shimonoseki, thoughThe i > secured monetary compensation from China that led to ' , his overthrow. The Marquis is sixty years of age, of - ' '.--1 exceedingly short stature even for a Jap, but his i yt features are strong and well marked, and he is known i as an able and intensely patriotic statesman with a , . great admiration for England and her customs, favour- J ,-| ing an alliance between Great Britain and Japan. Whilst - desirous of civilising his country on western lines, Ito ' considers it to be perilous to advance too rapidly in that 1 direotion, and his pvinoipnl object for the present is the t | development of the Japanese navy, so that it may be | ' J one of the best afloat. Then -he oonsidors that the time will have come for Japan to combine with Great j Britain in seeking to dominate the Far East. MiM J. .. 