junee jottings. (By ' Wombat.') CHUBCH ANNIVEBSARY. On Sunday week the Rev. Dean Studds cele brated the 11th anniversary of the opening of St. Luke's Church, the service for the ocoasion being, if we can use the expression, a festival of flowers. Every portion of the pretty church was profusely adorned with these ' undertones of God for the erfife^-r-qjsssscjt of the children of earth.' The rector pre/ehed at both the morning and evening services to an unusually crowded congregation. Inrthe morning he took as his text that most ap/ropriate one from the 2nd chapter of the Soog of Solomon, ' I saw a flowor,' upon which hfe built a delightful and instructive sermon. A. word of praise is due to the Rev. Mr. Studdsrfor the great succesg that has attended his efforts in the cause of religion and charity in thus district, Not only in the town itself but m the extremities of his district sacred edifices/Sevoted to the worship of God. are found, and/all the result of Mr. Studda' labor and zeal. 'Bnat he may be long spared to carry on the good: work is the wish of oil who have the honor/f his friendship Salvation entertainment. The local branch of the Salvation Army on Thursday evening provided a rather novel kind of entertainment, consisting of sketches of the good work done by the Army, It was generally a case of ' look upon this, then upon that,' end ing in a reclamation by the rescue (officers of the Army. The attendance was only meagre, end those present seemed to look upon the whole offair na a capital joke, and passed rather ner son til remarks on the pe» formers, but ths soldiers were in dead earnest nnd deserved better treat ment. BAILWAY COMMISSIONERS AND PRODUCERS. Recent events in which the interests of the producers are at stake, clearly demonstate that the railway triumvirate is antagonistic to the farmers of this district. When the propoaul for the farmers' unions to take over the grain sheds wa9 made by the Railway Department, it wr.s found to be hedged in with restrictions that made the leasing: impossible. In any case, tbe sheds are practically useluee, being open to the weather and having no facilitiea for loading whost on to the trucks. When thsso defects were pointed out and a desiro expressed thnt they be remedied, tho CommifBionerg refused point, blank — 'take them as they are or leave thorn' was the courteous reply. Again, for some years an sittempt has beeu made to induce the rai way authorities to erect a wei(jh-bridKO at Marrar, which would b rve tho cultivators of close on 20,000 aorea of wheat. The final reply to hnud a day or two ngo says, inter nlia : — ' Neither the trnffio last year nor the prospects for the coming season would justify the cost of constructing a weigh-bridge.' What a lovely illustration of V begging the question 1' How on earth is the traffic to come when there are no facilities for that traffic. The experiment of placing a weighbridge there would soon prove the assumption of ' not sufficient traffic ' a false one. Farmers are sufficiently handicapped by climatic conditions and low prices without having the mighty hand of the Government raised against them, Surely they are entitled t.i jus tice at least? Evidently not whilst the system of centralisation and bogus railways is rmnpant in the land ! WHEAT STATISTICS. Was it not Lord Palmersion who differentiated the degrees of falsehood as ' Lies, damued lias and statistics ' No doubt this sweeping asser tion would apply most literally to George Rti.l's freetrade figures, but hardly to Cng'ian'a forecast of the wheat production of this dietiict, which appeared in the Daily Telegraph the other morn ing The estimate ia placed at from 11 to 12 bushels for Junee, and from personal observation this is near the mark Naturally it is rather hazardous to prophecy of wheat ; so many causes of failure have to be taken into account RIFLE SHOOTING. On Wednesday last a simultaneous match was fired by Junee, Murrumburrah, and Gundagai Rifle Clubs, with the result that Junee occupied third position. The shooting was far behind the standard, for which the ttormy wea her is ac countable. There is no form of pastime so worthy of support as rifle shooting The late war in South Africa proved that the man, even untrained, who can shoot straight is a tough op ponent, and in these days, when a general war seems inevitable, it ought to be the duty of the Government to provide all rifls clnbs with effi cient wsapons and good ammunition and to afford members every opportunity for practice. POISONS ACT OF 1897. The Chief Inspector of the Pharmacy Board paid Junee a visit on Friday morningr, and warned storekeepers who retailed proprietary medicines containing poison, that they were infringing the Poisons Act and laying themselves open to a stiff fine. Such goods can only be sold by persons licensed by the Pharmacv B- ard. This is hard on retailers who have a stock of panaceas on hand, for they all contain poisons in varying degrees — but no one can say that it is not right, WEATHBB, After weeks of hot and oppressive weather, a deliphtfulchange came on Saturday. Rain started to f-.ll in the morning, and heavy showers fell int. i mitten tly during the day and night. In some parts of the district the fall has been very keivy The value of this rain is incalculable, and will be the means of saving the late crop and ensuring a good prain. Gardens which were almost ruined by the long stretch of dry weather will soon revive. For a while the grazier will be relieved of anxiety through fires. Never, in fact, was rain more urgently required, MISCELLANEOUS In the r?c8nt examination for the final for solicitors, Mr. A. H. Crawley, son of Mr. C. W. Crawley, of this town, obtairpd a creditable pass A day'B sport without the weight-guessinp competition would be like ''Hamlet' without the ghost. The bullock whose weight was the subject of much guessing at the hospital sports turned the scale at 7681b, and Mr, Heath was the winner with a guess of 768J!b. Other gueEBsrs were all round the winner, A Wesleyan Church is to be erected at IUabo, towards which £80 has already been subscribed. Sites have been alloted for a couple of churche3 at Junee Reefs. Members of the farmers' unions are in receipt of a circular advocating the claims of Hon. G. H Cox to a seat in the Senate. The fact of Mr, Cox having occupied a seat in the first Parlia raent under responsible government and being a freetrader are not sufficient reasons for pro ducers to give him a lift to senatorial honors. Grass Reed ia doing a great deal of injury to sheep, especially weaners. There seems to b° no remedy for it, for nothing can cherk the growth of grns3 at this period of the yeai\ Cricket has apparently lost all interest for June.eites, only one club being in existence, viz , the Half-holiday. There are, however, several clubs in the district. A good number of people visited Wagga for the annual racrs last week. They do not apeak too highly of the manner it, which tbe racing was conducted. 