A FORTUNATE SNOWSTORM. BY R. MURRAY GILCHRIST. CHAPTER I. The latticed windows of the chamber were old and weatherworn ;a strong- north easter roared in gusts against the front of the house, tapping the ivy weirdly against the glass, and sending sharp draughts through the crevices as far as the great satin-wood dressing-table, where Constantia Talbot sat whilst her t mother's maid put the finishing touches to her headdress. The abigail, a re tainer of a type even then becoming ex tinct, moved to and fro with long-drawn- out murmurs of pleasure, perking her head from side to side to discover from every point of view that the masterpiece was faultless. She had held her present situation ever since the days when Lady Dorothy, Constantia's mother, had play ed maid-of-honor to George III.'s mother. Therefore she was well qualified to ex press an opinion concerning the success of her work. "I would have it that 'twa6 a mistake, honey," she said, "you a-going to the earl's ball unpowdered and without a touch of red. Yet, now that I see you all bedecked— why, it seems to me that. after all, you were right. But of a surety the other ladies '11 turn bitter as worm wood. You'll transform 'em every one into smock-faced wenches playing ghost games." Her admiration was not misplaced, for the girl was strikingly beautiful. She was of a wilful nature, though no kinder heart than hers could be found in all Peakland, and although this was to be her first ap pearance in society, she had resolutely re fused to wear the pads and cushions which were then the mode. Instead, the 'latural ringlets of a rich burnished rus- -et fell uncontrolled to her smooth white slioulders, save where they were coiled Jopsely together to support a tiara of .'glistening diamonds. Her face was oval /and purely colored; her mouth arched with pretty mischief. Although she was only seventeen, and she had no knowledge of men folk, intuition had taught her a charming method of using her laughing blue eyes. She could not ogle, or simper, or coquette, and yet she might have pass ed for a beauty of the Court. Lady Dorothy opened the door and en tered the chamber, swinging from her right hand a necklace of golden filagree in the form of a circlet of vine leaves, each leaf bearing in its centre a large brilliant like a drop of dew. She fastened it lightly around Constantia's neck, then drew back to admire the effect. She was a wise mother and not given to open praise of her daughter, but to-night her countenance was full of gratification. The lustrous gown of white watered silk, which had been made from that which she had worn at her own bridal, fitted the budding figure so well that she had no more regrets for her comparative poverty; and although until now she had been un aware of her daughter's determination to leave her skin unpainted and her hair in its usual natural fashion, her feelings were altogether triumphant. "Why, Con.," she cried, "'tis awild flower for certainty! And, by Gemini, I'll have thee go!" She fluttered forward— a majestic figure in gold damask with embroidered roses— and kissed Constantia on the Hps. Her own attire was somewhat antiquated; liv ing in this remote country, she had' few opportunities of seeing the prevalent style, and a lady who spent the season in London town would have decried the size of her hoop and the manner in which she wore her ostrich plumes. Nevertheless, she presented a picture of surpassing comeliness— a daintily charming high bred woman in the very heyday of life. ; "There are three rings— blue, citron, and red — around the moon," she said, "aind I- fear this day hath been weather-breeding. Art ready, my pretty? 'Tis more than five minutes since I heard the coach crawl to the terrace. Alack-a- day!" She laughed till her fine white teeth were visible. "To have a daughter ready to bring out in the world. Why, child, it seems scarce a year ago since I met thy dear father at my first ball." The maid hastened to the hearth and lifted from a huge mahogany airer two cloaks of ermine lined with azure silk. When the hoods were tied, both instoi kissed her (they came of a race ever ten der to their dependants), then went to gether down the stairs. To the first landing a satin shoe, with tiny pointed toe and preposterously high heel, clattered lightly in their wake. "Good luck and happiness!" cried the woman, as they turnc I with smiling re proof in their faces. "The bonniest lord in the world for Mistress Constantia!" In the few minutes spent in final ar rangements the noise of the wind had lulled and ceased, and a heavy snow was beginning to fall on the frost-bound earth. The butler, a corpulent gaffer in dark-green livery, unbolted the oaken door, and with his mistress's custom of long-past days in mind, unrolled a strip of rush matting as far as the coach; then, unfurling a whalebone umbrella big enough for a party of six, escorted them In state to their places. Both wished him good even ere he closed them in that lavender-scented atmosphere, then they leaned back carefully on the cushions, and the four lumbering horses, which were kept for the work on the estate, moved slowly down the broad avenue. The butler and maid watched the lampk disappear behind the snowflakes. When the bolts were forced to their sockets again, the woman shivered. "Please the godlings that they've got ten a safe journey afore "em!" she ex claimed. "My lady did scarce expect such a foul storm, or she would ne'er have stirred. Twenty long miles!" "Ay, but Castleton Manor lies mid way," he replied; "and they're to visit Mistress Cecily ere entering the wood lands." "And Queen Anne's dead!" cried his fellow servant. "Dost think my lady kept me ignorant of Mistress Cecily's wishing to see our beauty in her first ! ball-gown? My lady's not of those who slight their kinswomen." At this juncture fine butler remem bered that he had brewed hot negus in his own parlor, so they adjourned there to talk proudly of Constantia's loveli ness, and tremble with apprehension as the downfall of snow increased in thick ness. Great white flakes, big as a goose's quill feathers, fluttered down the huge chimney, and evaporated with a splutter amongst the burning logs. The wind j rose again, its violence increased ten- j fold; a shrill whistling came from the corridors, and Constantia's spaniel, that sprawled in the firelight, ever and anon barked in his sleep, as if the sound sti mulated him in the pursuit of game. Meanwhile the coach passed along the high road, swaying from side to side on the massive leather braces which in those times took the place of springs. The village of Greenlow-in-the- Water was reached just as the cracked bell of the church clock struck the hour of seven. The glass panel nearest to Con- j stantia was as yet uncurtained with ; white. She saw in the momentarily i opened door of the Bold Cloudesley a ! party of Christmas mummers playing j the pageant of "St. George and the Dra gon" for the delectation of two gentle men, whose clothes proclaimed that their destination was the same as her own. She turned to draw her mother's at tention to the sight, but the door had al ready closed, and the hostelry was hid den in blackness. As she described the strangers, Lady Dorothy gave an odd little sigh. "Why, child," she said, "if the elder had a blue ribbon across bis breast, and a star, St can be none other than the -Duke of Ashford! But I knew naught of his being back in Peakland; he hath not visited the place for many years. T'other must be his son, the Marquis of Row land, who, I heard, has been travelling the Grand Tour with his tutor. Ay, me, I remember the father a lad of twenty, as gallant and handsome as any I have ever seen— save he who first won my heart." The snow no longer fell in flakes; In stead ,it came In tiny. Invisible particles that tapped Sharply on audi of the glass as was left uncovered. The burly figures of the two coachmen were ludicrously swollen; the faint light from the lamps showed that they presented a curious likeness to bags of flour. The first had grown more and more intense; the tno ladies felt chilly in their furs. "Had I not promised to show you to your aunt," said Lady Dorothy , I d have bidden 'em keep to the turnpike, but Castleton is scarce two miles out of the way, and a dish of chocolate will re store our warmth." Constantia drew off her mittens and began to chafe her mother's hands fond- ly. .... "I wouldn't for the world disappoint Aunt Cecily,' she said. "She has a dull enough time in that ghostly house scarce anyone save her admirer, Squire Wellwood, to talk with from year end to year end — and naught to do hut play Lady Bountiful to a tiny out-of-the- world hamlet. I would she might have come with us to the ball, but she dislikes card-playing and is afraid of rheu matism.. Such are her excuses, though for my part, I believe that she loves her own fireside best, and, perhaps, the com pany of Squire Wellwood — though he s to be at the earl's to-night.' Just then the coach swerved and the horses passed from the already difficult road through a gateway and on to the open moor, where the track was marked at regular intervals with tall stone pil lars. Constantia and her mother were silent now— the one thinking of the fut ure and the other of a romance recalled by her daughter's glimpse of the travel lers at the posting-house. Above the noise of the wind rose the cries of the coachmen and the creaking of the axles; the vehicle rose up and down amidst the drifts like a boat on a stormy sea. i After half an hour, however, it came to a dead stop, and the bewildered head coachman dismounted from his box, and, waist-deep in snow, stroked the necks of the leaders, and cajoled them into mak ing a further effort. Mother and daugh ter began mirthfully to doubt the possi bility of reaching the bail before the last cotillon was danced, and Lady Dorothy, taking out her repeater — a strangely- designed toy, heart- shaped, and studekd with precious stones— pressed the spring and discovered that two hours had al ready passed since they had left home. As she replaced it, the coachman came to the door. "Here we be at Castleton, my lady," he said, "and I thank the powers for 't. The snow-wreaths are a-growing bigger afront our eyes. I doubt if it will be safe to drive a step further." Lady Dorothy looked out for a brief space on the wild night. Tire coach had been drawn into the archway of a gate house, whose outer entrance was veiled with a white, whirling curtain. " 'Tis the decree of fortune," she said. "We must be thankful to have landed anywhere in such a storm. Take the horses to the stable-yard; the poor wret ches pant like bellows!" A covered passage led from here to the house. The coachman used the knocker clamorously, and a lout of a lad, evid ently bred on the moor, opened a door and stood gaping, whilst the ladies walk ed swiftly over the grey marble flag stones. Ere the tapping of their shoes had died away, the men unharnessing the horses, were startled by the sound of voices, and turning quickly they saw the muffled lights of another carriage scarce, a dozen feet away. The porter lifted the lantern above his head, and two gentle- 1 men alighted and hurried into the shelter of the gatehouse. CHAPTER II. Lady Dorothy and her daughter made their way along tapestry-hung galleries to the great drawingroorn. Castleton Manor was the mother's own heritage, but she had loved better the scene of her married life, and many years ago had in stalled here an aunt of her husband's, an< elderly lady, who delighted in the preservation of ancient customs. She had, moreover, so that the place might be well kept, settled upon the dame a comfortable Income, although she herself was nowise too well endowed with the world's goods. In return, Mistress Cec ily kept the majestic but gloomy house in admirable order, and prayed night and morning for the well-being of her benefactress and Constantia, who was her own godchild. When they entered, alone and unob served, fhe was sitting to the spinet, playing graceful dance music of her own composition. Nature had gifted her with an exquisite touch. Had she lived in later days she would have been famed a genius; as' it was, the sweetness of her melodies was rarely heard by any save herself. Lady Dorothy held her daugh ter's arm until she had marked the time, then together, with uplifted , clasped hands, they danced slowly and stately forward over the . well-waxed floor, until they reached the circle of light cast by the great yellow wax candles that stood in silver holders on the instrument. Mistress Cecily gave a shrill cry of de light, rose from her stool, and ran to kiss them fondly. "My dearest," she exclaimed, "I was in a melancholy humor; for the folk de clared the roads well-nigh impassable, and I dared not believe that you would venture over the moor." Lady Dorothy moved to the hearth and rested one dainty white-shod foot on the curb. "We're here, aunt," she said; "and I make no doubt that you will let us stay with you for a while. There'll be no dancing for poor Con., unless you give us music and I play the beau!" Miss Cecily, who was rather, low-statur- ed, rose on her tiptoes and made a nest for Constantia's chin with her palms. She nodded with satisfaction. "Twas Providence sent you here, my poppet," she said- "No man at the earl's ball would have had 'eyes for any other maid, and there'd have been rage and madness conjured up in many a poor heart. Your entrance would have changed stars into glowworms." Constantia's color rose ; as she began to protest against such compliments, the awkward porter swung open the folding-' doors, and after setting the greenish lan terns on the floor, made a grotesque bow. "Please you, mistress," he stammered, "here be the Duke of Ashford, with his son, the Marquis of Rowland, gone astray on their journey to the Earl of Barl- brough's." The two gentlemen paused on the threshold; then after a brief altercation, in which Lady Dorothy bade her kins woman play hostess in earnest, the ladies, Constantia and her mother in the back ground, glided forward for the greeting. The duke was a handsome man of fifty, with finely cut, commanding features; his son was tall and stalwart, with a richly- browned face and humorous grey eyes. "I had the honor of acquaintance with your family in my boyhood," said the elder- "Thus I have less reluctance in claiming shelter for the night. My hoy and I are easily contented— chairs by the fire till morning." "Indeed, my lord," said Mistress Ce cily, "you would have but a poor impres sion if that were all the hospitality I might offer- Consider Castleton your own for as long as .it suits your conve nience to bide here. This storm hath brought me more pleasure than the world in genera! will feel. To it I am indebted at the present moment for the presence fif mv r»i»br»s» T.siilv TVwnfhv Vialhnf- fan/1 her daughter. The introduction was unnecessary. She stopped short to see the duke lifting Lady Dorothy's hand to his lips. Slightly bewildered at the sight of his manifest pleasure in the meeting, she hurried away to give the house- steward instructions concerning the preparations of sup per. Although no festivities save ; such as were to be shared by the neighboring moor-tenants had been anticipated, good store of venison bung in the larder, and the wine bins held bottles that had been enshrined in cob webs since the time of the Revolution. All her housewifely pride was roused. She ordered a feast worthy of the house. In her absence the duke, at Lady Dorothy's invitation, sat beside her on a settee and began to talk of long-past days. Constantia was walking to and fro with the lad, flirting her great feather fan and teasing him about the misadven ture. "Alas!" she said, with a mocking sigh, t "here you are thrown away — cast on a desert island — imprisoned with a cluster of fashionless women, when you'd fain be leading the beauties of the county through pretty dances!" Charming, malicious laughter shone in her eyes. He understood the question of her concluding words, and held out his hands protestlngly in a fashion he had learned at the Court of Versailles. "By Venus," he cried, "I count this the luckiest meeting of my life! At the ball I would have danced with none saveyour- i self. When others dared to anger me by j gaining your favor I'd have stood by ana glowered and wondered If my fencing- master had taught me well." "You have learned foreign courtesies," said Constantia, with affected humility. "I crave your mercy; Tm only an inno cent country girl, unused to witty travel lers." Mistress Cecily reappeared now, wring ing her hands in dismay. "Heaven save us," she ex claimed, "there's . another and yet another coach gone astray in the storm! The serving nen all seem to have followed the light of your lamps, Dorothy, and In the hall there's a young madam and her waiting-woman who came from the first, and a gay Lothario from the second. Sir Peregrine Fury's "SHE SAW IN THE MOMENTARILY OPENED DOOR OF THE BOLD CLOUDESLEY A PARTY OF CHRISTMAS MUMMERS PLAYING THE PAGEANT OF 'ST. GEORGE AND THE DRAGON' FOR THE DELECTATION OF TWO GENTLEMEN." the Jast— the lady's Mistress Althea H.o- therain,. tEe" bishop's daughter." "A couple." a daggers drawn," said Lady Dorotiiy — "once contracted tn'mhr- jriage, now eeparted by a marplot o£ a £«maie-irl«id." The porter ushered the new-comers in to the room' — a tall girl, very haughty and angry-looking, followed at a re spectful distance by a man of thirty, whose face was full of distress. Lady Dorothy, since Mistress Cecily had dis appeared again, welcomed them cordial ly and strove to set them at their ease, tout the girl, after a few words of thanks, retreated into the shadow, and eat with eyes averted from her old admirer. "A beautiful minx!" Lady Dorothy murmured' to the duke. "She knows that the story of his paying court, to an other when he and ©he were betrothed has been proved a baseless lie; but she's too obstinate to own to her folly in lis tening to scandal'. Sir Peregrine Is as true a man as e'er drew breath." As she spoke, the hostess came again, with word that supper was laid in the banqueting hall; then walking in ad vance, she was followed by the duke and Lady Dorothy, arm-in-arm, his son and Constantia and the baronet at a safe dis tance in the wake of Mistress Rother- am. Huge faggots burned on the im mense hearth of the panelled chamber, and the long table on the dais was spread IUU iUOUIUCty WlLli VIliiSLmfcLS Lciie. "Since you are ail bedecked for. the ball," said Mistress Cecily, while she stood at the buffet carving, as the lady of the house was wont to do at that pe riod, "I have ordered the Long Gallery to be heated, and several of the men being musicians (I had a whim of teaching 'em), they are already tuning their in- j strumentSi" I A chorus of delight rose from her guests; even Mistress Rotheram's face brightened for a momentary pleasure. The duke rose from his chair to propose a toast. "A fortunate stormstonn has brought us together," he cried. "May happy meetings e'er bring happy futures ! Here's to the health of our hostess for furthering our delights!" CHAPTER III. The long gallery at Castleton, to which the party adjourned after the collation, was a magnificent apartment, a hundred feet in length and thirty in breadth. Thi walls were of cedar, quaintly carved; here and there hung portraits from Van dyke's brush. Hie sconces were already lighted, and' the flames from the fir- boughs between the andirons cast tremu lous shadows amongst the rich Tudor plaster-work of frieze and ceiling. Prom a high gallery at the eastern end came the festive sounds of violin and pipe and' bassoon. Mistress Cecily was calling for the first rrdnuet, when the porter came through the cluster of women servants who stood watching in the doorway. He muttered a few words in a tremulous voice, for to his simple mind there seem ed something ghostly in these mysteri ous arrivals. "To think of 't!" cried the hostess. "Wa-co Itaih nnma finillre Wisllwfiftil tfl make the balance even and let none be mateless. 111 go to give him supper, but I'll lie back anon. Prithee, good friends all, set to with the dance." Then she tripped away with a lightness strange in one of her years, and Lady Dororhy laid her hand in the duke's and began to tread the stately mea sure. Constantia, desirous of avoiding any disagreeable refusals, bade the marquis offer himself as partn r to Al thea Rolheram, and Sir Peregiine, with a constrained smile, led her forward. She consoled him 'very soon, however, and ere they had wa'lced together for a minute the rejected swain's countenance was beaming in response to her witiy protests. "You remember the highwayman's song," she said — This for a reason, end this for a season, Let us be happy before we die? Ours is not the dance of death, Sir Pere grine. I am too young for sombre thoughts, and this is my first "ball. La! 1 mean to enjoy it mere than if we had really reached our destination. "1 had not hoped for such pleasure," replied the baronet, .loudly -enough for the other young couple to hear. "Be lieve me, madam, you have thrown light into an existence full of shadows." Constantia stole a glance at Lord Rowland and his partner, and saw dis composure inthe aspect of both. This made her more mischievously inclined than ever, and she began to coquette so wickedly that Lady Dorothy strove to daunt her With a frown. Althea scarce spoke, but her disengaged fingers twit ched convulsively, and once her hand rose to her heart, as if to stifle an inward pain. - When the music ceased, Mistress Cecily 1 returned, leaning on the arm of a stout, elderly man, who was clad in a Court suit of black velvet, somewhat antiquat ed in fashion. Squire Well wood was e- puied a confirmed bachelor, but never theless was one of the most genial and kind-hearted men in existence. He gap ed slightly at the gay company, thai, without releasing his companion, ran heavily to where they stood. "She told me that others of the earl's gues'.s were benighted," he cried, as they rested, panting for breath,, "but she gave me no word of whom. A better assented party could be found not even in the king's palace. Heigho! they're playing ' the old four-square — my partner is Mis tress Cecily, if she'll deign to honor a Bt'ff-kneed gaffer." They fell into position, and the spright ly dance, which was not unlike the quad- riUe of. to-day, was performed to the satisfaction of all, not excepting Althea Rotheram, who was compelled in one of the figures to take her lover's hand. Sir j Peregrine noted with a quickened de-J light that she did not relinquish it as readily as she might have done;, and Constantia, with true intuition, deter mined to work wondiers by rousing the demon of jealousy in the proud heiress's bosom. When they were seated to rest awhile and drink from the silver-gift loving-cup of mulled canary sack that was handed round, she resumed her flirtation with Sir Peregrine. After she had touched the rinT with her lips she had the audacity to bid him kiss the' same place.- As he did her bidding, Althea sighed with uncon scious heaviness, and hid her face with her fan, lest any should read there the pain she suffered. Sir Peregrine made a movement as if he would go to comfort her, but Constantia laid her hand on his arm. "Believe me," she whispered, "it were better that the initiative came from her. Give me credit for understanding better than you the secret feelings of my sex. I know your story — ail the Peak country knows it — and unless I am much mistaken this meeting will set matters right." Lord Rowland's forehead was perplexed as he watched the growing confidence be twixt the pair. Travelled man as he was, he had never seen, or even imagined, a beauty as radiant as Constantsa's, and it vexed him to find her lavishing all her courtesy on one so manifestly immutable. It had king been his father's expressed wish that he should marry and settle in early life— Indeed, the duke had owned to a hope that at the ball to-night he might see some fair creature with whom hi , would be willing to share his title. Con- I stanthi came of a family old as his own, and despite her lack of fortune, her con nections were amongst the highest in the i kingdom. Moreover, she was devoid of 1 any taste for the artificial; powder and ; patches and horsehair cushions were most conspicuously absent; and her manner was as refreshing as the air of her native Peakiand. , The prize was too fine to lose. As lie rattled with the melancholy Althea he swore fervently to himself that naught should stand in the way of his becoming Constantia's lord and husband. Strange to say, none suggested a change of partners . and one country dance followed another all through the night. In the intervals for the musicians' ' refreshments, conversation was held, and the younger couples walked to and fro. The tempest still raged outside; each tall ; window of the Long Gallery was com- pietely covered with a soft white back- . ground, the glass reflecting, as clear as a : mirror the movements of the merry- makers. Ever and anon faggots or resin- . our .fir were flung upon the fires. Con- stantia imputed to the warmth the dainty flush that had mounted to her mother's . cheeks. Mistress Cecily, too, had grown wonderfully young of aspect, and the : vivacity of her repartees to Squire Well- wood filled with amazement those who knew her best, i As . Constantia stood with Sir Peregrine opposite a portrait of Arabella Stuart, commenting on the size of her farthingale, a " 'Tis ever woman against woman," she said, "and I'll bring good out of evil. My lord shall quarrel with you (I'll teach him how), and you must play a little comedy; then your haughty lady will ; come to reconcile you — to entreat your pardon. But if you value your peace oi mind hereafter, keep a still tongue, or she'll ne'er forgive you." Then, seeing that Lord Rowland had left Althea for a moment, she went for ward and drew him to a window recess. "There is a part in a play that y u must perform," she said — "a mock dis agreement with Sir Peregrine in the n xt , dance. You must call him a base, dis honorable, wicked — whatever you like — scoundrel to have played such a beautiful creature as your partner false. 'Tis to . mend matters betwixt 'cm — poor souls, 1 each is well-nigh heartbroken. I have ( taught the lover his share. You will not refuse." "It shall be done, madtflfl.;": fre-saydied, eagerly, "but on require me no Ion M.ffeffSeYmkbfL- ft ?I marble statue— ill 'sffe'rtthat I be 'yiAir,' partner, to the I "The hoyden's \a;.\your rdy ! lord," she said, w i ah-'fttquisJLe curt<£y. i "Now I must returnolt/gaTIKiit prepare to act a.udienccfo-1... J—#'' The musicians struck up now a fine country dance, in which the most pleas ing figure consisted of a change of part ners. As Sir Peregrine moved towards Althea he tripped awkwardly and stum bled against the marquis, thereby rous ing excessive anger in that gentleman. A few sharp words followed, then, ;o the j apparent amazement of all, the baronet ' spoke of a challenge, which should be i sent as soon as he found a second. ' They faced each other like fighting i gamecocks. Constantia, seeing that Al- I thea's hands had risen again to her j bosom, imitated her act'on and strove to assume a liite aspect of terror. "I'll not cross swords with a cowardly knave'" exclaimed Lord Rowland. " I know your baseness, s:r — how you have : used this lady. Send a gentleman not a cur to me, and he shall play your proxy. He lifted his hand and struck Pir Pere grine lightly on the che3k. AUhoa, with a bitter moan, rushed forward and thrust them asunder. ! "Shame upon you!" she cried. "He liatli never wronged me, either in word or deed. Oh, fool that I have bem!" j The two gentlemen, unseen by her, I nodded mean'ngiy to each other, and Constantia. quivering odd'y, but not with emotion, began to walk to and fro, i her fingers renting Vghtiy on L"rd Row- ' land's arm. They forgot the nude nf t'e tired musicians — fo'got the sn-'tTm and the strangeness of their meerinc — and snoke together in. low vo:cs. which the others, heing engrossed in their own < conversation, did not strive to overhear, , At last she heard her mother calling her, and. they moved towards the place Where | the elder folk were resting. Haif-way j down the Long Gallery she paused to look- into an alcove, where Althea sat with Sir Peregrine's arm around her waist. "We have done a good deed," she mur mured; "That foolish couple are en sured a happy married life." "Ay," he said; "and' now 'tis my turn. You promised one dance for me alone." She began to wrangle, although she was not Ill-pleased. Then, forgetful of her mother's summons, for an uncon scionable time they danced, my lord teaching her the sarabands and coiantos he had learned in Paris. When they found time to visit Lady Dorothy, Con stantia started with surprise, for the Duke was engaged in placing a ring upon her finger. "You are come to wish us happiness," he said. "I have prevailed upon my first sweetheart to honor me with her hand." Before Constantia could find words to congratulate with, Squire Weliwooi rose and led forward Mistress Cecily. "I came of set purpose," he said. "No ball at the. earl's house for me! I set out In the midst of the storm, knowing that this lady would not turn me from her dcor at such a time. I'm weary of bachelorhood, and I e'er swore that if I wedded, my bride should be Mistress c,eciiy. She protested against his frankness, but he had the boldness to silence her with a kiss. Constantia, half sadly, embraced her mother, then turned away. j "Welladay!" she said, with a sigh. ! "You and I my lord, are the only uncon- traeted couple in the chamber." j As she s'j-e the snow- curtain of the' nearest win.-uw fell suddenly to the levfA race, and to the bewilderment of red light o-f a stormy sunrise fell aiwkrf' the place where she stood. t c i ' "Christmas Day!" she cried. "We have" forgotten the passage of time, and fehaise . danced my shoes to tatters." "V j! But none answered, for her beauty rai that gorgeous ray was so perfect. She looked from one to another, wondering at the sdenee; then her eyes met Lord Rowland's, who, like herself, was sur- ' rounded with the rosy haze. " 'Twould he wrong." he murmured, "to mar the devices of Fatea I entreat you, madam, to think of me ps your lover." Constantia's lips parted in a wonder ful smile. "I ask of life nothing better." she re plied. — "London Weekly Budget." 