THE GHOST OF MONTE CHRISTO. At Man-pillps, spite of railway, electric light, newsboys, cries of " Disasters to Hw lintis!) Annies in South Africa," thc rattle of steajn tramcars, and the general modern- ising of the maritime city, thc ghost of Ed- mund Dantes still walks, and thc Chateau ii'lf looms up glim and real outside the linrliour. Romance, is your truest history. When it liccoincH tradition, it lives for ever. We were in presence of the shade of Du lnns's immortal creation, almost within a stone's throw of the Terminus Hotel. Don't >mi remember that after Dnrites left M. Morrel on thc quay in chnptcr H., he tra versed the Cnncbicre, took the Ruc de Noailles. and made for his father's abodi on thc left side of the Alecs dc Me-illan. From thc terminus station, by the Boule- vard du Nord, a street of mixed interests nnd stores und pollarded plane trees, you come to tho Ruc Oonillcs. To walk herc in (he footsteps of Dailies, you inquire n little exercise of imagination, for they have re- built il since (hen. It is now n broad, handsome street, with fine shops and kiosks ¿my with (lie coloured print« of new pub- lications. Cont inning, you enter the Ruc I nncliioro. which, however, has been so transformed Hint Edmund Dantes revisit- ing the glimpses of the moon would bardi/ Know it-a familiar part of his native city. Yet, when thc "l'bnvnnn" sailed into port on 1 Imt fjlal day with its flag Inilf-inn-t high, I.« Canebicre was so important ;> tliorouglifnro Hint (lin natives used to say. " If Paris lind 1.a, f uueliioro, Paris would lie a second Marseilles." To-day il is thc Oxford s!red and (lie Boulevard der Ita- lienne of (he fanions Mediterranean port. Presently you come to thc old- harbour not tho* modern haven of great shipping, hut thc port that Dantes knew so well : lilllo changed, 1 fancy, Bincc thc days when Napoleon reigned in captive state, King of Jilba. Thc quay lins suggestions of pic- turesque bits characteristic of marine side -walks nil the world over, notably of Havre, Rotterdam; Bristol, New York, and Father Thames near the Pool ; but with an incî riduiility of its own in its luminous at inospherc, the awnings that shade' busy cubnicts and thc distinctive traffic in Ilia foreground-long straggling cotton wag- gons, with their big collared horses, many \ arietics bf male and female costume, willi now and then a touch of Orientalism, Mod- ish, mid Algerian. Then there are side streets giving upon the quay, slums that nie fascinating in their very dirt and eas- tern in their very smells. The Rue Glan deves, Ruc de la Darse, Rue Bretane, Hue I Timers ; these must all have been familiar to Dantes, Donglurs, and Cadcrousse. They cnn have changed but little, liven in tho-'c past, days they must htive been old und populated by thc same class of butcher:"., bakers, barbers, wine dealers, fishmongers, cobblers, and greengrocers ; all possessed of thc same lazy inconsequential ni.-, aroused now and then with the competing cries of street hawkers and thc einek of the mule drivers' whips. To-day the pedes- trians going to and flo decorate the ill paved ways like supeis in a theatrical pic- ture j Moora in whitely-brown turbans and sembré cloaks, Algerians be-shawlcd, bc turbaned, and bare-logged. French sailor; with a touch of thc bandit in their devil 'may-care attire, women down nt heel, but high up in the dressing of their hair, fo I even in the Rue Glandeves the new fashion i: observed. Here and in thc other slummy streets with their tall house* and shuttered windows, their curious dimly- lighted ci \ernous shops, comes thc welcome relief of tho bird-seller whose stock is outside cages of love-buds, parrots, birds of parn dise, and other winged captives which, in the deep shade of the narrow ways, snuggle 'close together for mutual warmth. Thcie are the boucherie, with it« gilded ox hes 1 as o sign ; the triperie, looking its busi- ness : the mercerie and the wine shop (vins Italian and Spiritcux), grim, and drunken, cheek by jowl ; thc tinkers, the tailors, the bakers, each with its own sordid atmos- phere, but, over all, the fascination of a foreign sky illuminating strange nooks and comers of broken architecture, balf-drapr J J windows, the whole odoriferous with burnt j wood, and active cooking stoves th.it breathe garlic. Giving, upon the quay are mysterious wrns shops in which Fernand and Danglars may well have conspired over their wine'of La Malgüe, though La Re- serve, where Caderousse was a tame wit- ness, was in a pleasant spot, overlooks the harbour. If only that drunken fool Cadc- rousse had destroyed thc crumpled bit of paper that Danglars dropped in sight of Fernand, for the destruction of Dantes ! Or, if he had honestly told Mr. Morrel all bc knew about it ! Then Dantes woul-1 never have been cast into a dungeon of thc Chateau dTf, and what a story we should have lost 1 