FLOTSAM. [BT JBIBAM.1 C SB. LEYD, the self-fldflatifcued Boer spy aud M»obiavelian plotter, skilful schemer, utterly unscrupulous mischief maker, ana oonsoiencelesB conspirator (hat he is, bad been pursuing his machinations in Europe in the beginning o! this century his career would have been oat short by the knife, bullet, or rope before he had been able to work half the evil he has. Even in this enlightened age if he had plotted against any other nation than the fair and honorable British he would hare had a short shrift, If we can credit all we hear, that man is a fiend of the first water, deserving hanging twice over. He has laid himself oat with auction to promulgate the most atrocious lies about the condaot of the war in South Africa, he has done his level best to set one nation against the other to serve his own oelfish ambitious ends, he has descended to the lowest depths of meanness, and exerolsed his high talents to plunge the civilised world into blood- ' shed. The man mast be a human tiger, a moral phenomenon, a demon. In him patriotism-if you oan imagine saoh a 1 detestable oreature possessing even the Semblance of each a noble feeling- is perverted into demoniao devilry. We oan feel some admiration for! Kruger beoause he is a patriot from [ his own way of thinking, and a? statesman from a Boer point of view; i moreover we oan make allowances! for his early training, his narrow! prejudices, and religious fanatioism. Kruger has been brought up as a Boer, I he considers himself a sort of Mahdi, with a mission to seoure the independence of his country; and his far-reaching policy, his tenacity, the stupendous task he has set himself these long years to establish a South Afrioan Empire, with himself as Dictator, prove the capaoity of the man. Leyds is a paid professional agitator, spy, with no sense of honor, no human feeling. He keeps out of the way of danger; he has not the pluok of a Cecil Rhodes, who in the courage of his . convictions faces death in the forefront of battle. At tha end of this disastrous deplorable war Iisyds should be exeoratad and boycotted throughout the world; he should be a wandering Judas. The patriotic spy who penetrates into an enemy's lines at the risk of au igno minious death from a sense of duty is deserving of some consideration, but this arch-plotter takes care to keep a whole skin and pursue his villainous oourBe far from the soene of war, in couutrieB that are not concerned in it, trying to involve them. He dare not set foot in England or any British colony, beoause his preoious hide might suffer. Hid this been a war between any other nations, and a man like Leyds had attempted to exploit neutral England on behalf of one ; side or the other, he would have been | promptly told to leave the country and exercise bis mendaoious mouth elsewhere. -which does not say muoh for the fair ness of the people amongst whom this unparalleled Ananias is plying his vooation. CHABLEY KINGSTON is going home; good old irrepressible Charlie. Didn't I tell you when his Ministry got so easily defeated that he had something up his sleeve. Will he oome bach with a title ? Quein sabe? Who knows, as the Spaniards say. He will be introduced to Her Graoious, who will say " Goodness me, this ij the famous Charles Cromwell Kingston, he whom I made a Bight Honorable. We must look to it that he does not oome i into oollision with Chamberlain, or put a spoke in the wheel of SiliBbury. I am | told that he has a will of iron that | nothing oan withstand. Oh, well1 i these Australians have behaved splen- j didly over the war, and eamea our eternal gratitude. In his case we will Welcome the coming, speed the parting guest with equal satisfaction. Symon We have speeded, Kingston we will Welcome, and Federation hangs on both. They bsead big men over in those oolonieSi I remember Blyth, £layford} Kingston, and Forrest 5 how they Wore out my oarpet at Windsor. We'll have to get them to wear slippers should they oome again." THE BTJBLT BOER h»B & pious strain This is the song of the old Boer rifle man, who hears the advance of the British forces, and, listening with Death's prophetic ear, knows that the dream of a Boer Empire for Sooth Afrioa is at an end '' Lay my rifle here beside me, afet my Bible on my breast, for a moment let the wailing bogles cease; as the century is closing, I am going to my rest; Lord, lettest Thou Thy servant go in peace* Bat loud through all the bugles rings a cadence in mine ear, and on the winds toy hopes of peace are stowed} thoBe Winds that waft the voioso that already I can hear-of the rooi-baafje singing on the road. , the red-coa's ate returning: I can heM the steady tramp, after twenty years Of waiting, lalled to sleep, since rank and * i! j ^*®k©fotrooin hemmed iheai In their oamp, and cut them Up at Bronkerspruit like sheep. They shelled .galloped into range, Bnd We shot the British gunners where fcbey showed j I guessed they would £etut& to Us""! hnew the ohance must fihatige-hark J The tooi-baatie singing On the road I "But now from e&ow-BWept; Canada, « temd pUisgj Australian outposts, hither led; obeying their commando as they heard the bugle's strains, the men in brown have joined the men in red. They oome to find the colours at Majuba left and lost, they oome te pay us back the debt they owed; and I hear new voioea lifted, and I see strange colours tossed, 'mid the rooi baatje singing on the road. " The old, old faiths must falter, the old, old creeds must fail-I hear it in that distant murmur low-the old, old order ohanges, and 'tis vain for us to rail, the great world does not want us-we must go. And veld, and spruit, and kopje to the stranger will belong. No more to trek before him we shall load; too well, too well I know it, for I hear it in the song of the rooi-baatje singing on the road." Capetown, 25th September, 1899. " L. J. O. B.," in The. Telephone, a weekly journal of Capetown. AN INGENIOUS IDEA was that of offering the hunter Bugler for sale by auotion in Adelaide in aid of the Bushman Patriotic) Fund. It has oaught on, and by the time the animal has returned from its tour in the country it will have reached a price unprece dented. Seven hundred was the figure the first day. It is a nuggety little nag, and Lieut. Dyke eat him like a centaur. The notion is not a new one, because in the American Civil War a bag of flour was carted round, auctioned in various towns, and reached hundreds of thou sands of dollars. Trust the Yanks for original quaint conceits. CONTINENTAL THEATRIOA1I8JI. Great Stager's ghost! Can you oome up within oooey of the Frenoh for theatrical display of a supremely ridioulous oharaoter. They made them selves a laughing stook over Fashoda, and now it is said that President Loabet has decorated the artist who drew a cari cature of the Queen. Well, supposing he did it only makes people smile at suoh childishness, and it is a pity the British Ambassador in Paris took any notice of it. Suoh schoolboy tricks should be treated with contempt. The Frenoh are great at deoorating: they'd deoorate a drummer boy for playing the Marsellaise sideways, or a oook for frying sausages a la mode. ABOHBIBHOP o'EEILY is q potent prelate, potent for good, and the service he is rendering the Patriotio Fund by those stirring appeals above his | fine characteristic signature will never be I forgotten. 