The Ghost of Johnny Armstrong. liv H. HENSON JACKSON. [Tliis story »von tim Hist prize (of £7) in tin? " WVstciii Mail " lltuu Ohristmas Story competition. CHAPTER I. CAPTAIN GILDERTON was a retired sea captain, who had seen many ad- ventures, both as a soldier by land and a sailor bysea. Twenty years before the date of this story he had been in active ser- vice in South Africa. He had not been active enough, however, to escape an as- segai stab from a wily Zulu, which ter- minated in the loss of one of his legs. THU NEW HULL-A CRITICAL INSPECTION. ¡"This is an enlargement of the photograph by Mr. A. Crawford, of Pertli, which 1ool< the prize of £2 for "the best study of animal life" in the "Western Mail" li*« M » Christmas competition.] This necessitated the purchase of a wood- en substitute which, though it somewhat; impeded his locomotion at first, in the course of time gradually and insidiously worked itself into his affections. He used to amuse himself by carving on it quaint designs suggested by the fantastic play of his imagination, and would exhibit the same to his astonished and admiring friends whenever they chanced to drop in. The captain had a daughter and a maiden sister, both of whom lived with him. The daughter, like jephthah's, was "passing fair." Her name was Annie. She had auburn hair, laughing blue eyes, two dimples-one respectively on either cheek- and a slightly retrousse nose. Her age was one and twenty, and she was engaged to William Sparrow, the rising young lawyer who lived five doors eastward in the same street. The sister. Emily Jane, had one foot fairly over the Rubicon of life, the other foot being in transit. She had once been betrothed to Johnny Armstrong, who had fought alongside her brother in the same campaign, only Johnny had the mis- fortune to encounter a Zulu chieftain who sliced off his head. Captain Gilder ton was at hand when his comrade fell (so he told Emily Jane), and memorised his last words, which were a message of love to Emily and a hope tuât they would still be sweethearts in that other far-off world in- to which the Zulu gentleman had so peremptorily ushered him. So ran the story that the captain told his sister. It never entered her head that the captain, out of pure kindness of heart, could con- coct such a story to console her in the days of her sorrow. As a matter of fact, the captain did not hear anything from Johnny's lips after the first volley of the en- gagement had been fired, let alone see him fall. But as Johnny did not answer to his name when the roll wa* called nor put in any appearance before his contingent left the Cape, it was reasonably supposed that some dusky warrior was responsible for Johnny's ab- sence. The only personage still awaiting com- ment is Mr. Sparrow, the rising young lawyer alluded to. Mr. Sparrow was en- gaged to Annie Gilderton. It wasn't Mr. Sparrow s fault that they were only en- gaged. He was continually pressing his Annie to name the happy day when their wedding bells should be set a-throbbing. But Annie, though she loved him dearly, could never screw up her courage to give a definite reply. And so, at the time of the beginning of this story, Sparrow was no nearer marriage than he was three years ago. In his legal capacity he had collect ed cJJough six-a»d-eight pences to enable him to buy and furnish a com- fortable home. Annie was of course aware of this, but the fact never assisted lier in the slightest whenever she was asked to ''name the day.' And now. let us take a stroll over tile captain's garden. You notice that the grass is over-running everything. The flowers seem to be growing in the most disorderly fashion. The trees were never trained to grow respectably. The hedge at the bottom of the garden separates the captain's ground from that of Älr. Tomkinson. The large cage in the corn- er holds the captain's zoological collec- tion which he brought with him from his travels. Every animal in that cane has its own particular history. You see the largest of those three orang-outangs? Well, the captain caught it single-hand eil. CHAPTER II. It was a balmy evening in November. The Gilderton household were all at home. Emily Jane sat in the corner reading, Annie was laboriously copying recipes from a rare cookery book which after strenuous entreaty she had suc- ceeded in borrowing for a limited term from her friend Mabel Podgkins. The captain was putting the finishing touches to a design near the extremity of his wooden leg, when a timid knock was heard at the door. "Come in," sang out the Captain. In came Mr. Sparrow. "I knew it was you," said the captain, without looking up from his occupation. "And how did you know it?" asked Mr Sparrow, bowing to the ladies. "Because you lawyers "Take a seat. Mr. Sparrow," interject- ed Emily Jane. "because you lawyers," started the captain afresh, "have a style patent to yourselves. I could tell a lawyer's knock among a thousand." Here the speaker closed his pocket- knife with a click, and passing the leg across to Mr. Sparrow, with his finger on the latest design, said. "What do you think of that?" Mr. Sparrow brought his forensic eyesight to bear upon the cap- tain's handiwork. It was a rude repre- sentation of one of those ghostly things that little boys often manufacturewhere with to frighten their little sisters A fine traditional spectre pale, With a turnip head and a ghostly wail, And a splash of blood on his dickey! ?'Splendid,'' he said, after a close scru- tiny. "Oh. pa, how did yon think of it?" asked Annie. "Let me see,'' said Emily Jane. Sparrow passed the leg. Ugh! how horrible," she murmured. "Whatever made you do that, Henry? Why, it almost gives one the creeps." üiinily Jane wriggled uneasily in her chair. "There's no reason why you should feel creepy," returned her brother, proud of the effect his work had inspir- ed, "ifs not as if it were a real live ghost," he went on. "If it were alive, then you might feel uncomfortable." Then you can rest content, Aunt," said Annie, "for it will be a long time before you see a real ghost. I've heard people talk about them, and now and again I've read about them in books, but Ive never seen one myself, nor do I think I ever shall." "And don't you believe in the little red man that haunted Napoleon?" quer- ied Sparrow. "Pooh, it's all fiction. I don't believe a word of it," she answered. "I think you're wrong there. Annie," spoke the captain. "There's no doubt that the little red man did appear before Napoleon. Why, it's a matter of his- tory 1" "A matter of fiddlesticks," murmured his daughter under her breath. "What'B that you say?" asked her father. "I said it may be a matter of history but that I did not believe it all the samel And are von sure'Napoleon didn't drink r The question so astonished the captain that he could only stare at his daughter in a bewildered way. To him, a reflec- tion of that nature was a crime less par- donable than heresy. There was an un- comfortable pause in the conversation, which was broken by Emily Jane asking Mr. ¡sparrow's opinion on the subject. "Seeing is believing," replied the lawyer. "I've seen one myself, and so i m not so sceptical as Annie." "And when did you see one, I'd lik» to know?" asked that little lady. "Last Christmas,"' replied her lover, solemnly. "1 was stopping at poor old Frank Spiffer's house at Crainmerville. It was Christmas Eve. I recollect it most distinctly. Frank and I were sit- ting on the verandah that overlooks the garden. when we saw the figure of a woman draped in white gliding noise- lessly and stealthily "Oh !r! he broke off, "I can't finish the story to-night. It's too long. I'll tell it another time." "You might finish it now you have started," objected Annie. "No," lie rejoined t "it's really too long. Besides, it's a very painful story, and I don't feel in the mood to tell it at present. . . . And then you wouldn't believe it. if I did finish it." "No I'm not sure that I would. As you say, 'seeing is believing.' and I don't intend to believe in ghosts until I have seen one for myself, and as I said before, it's r>retty sure that I never will see one." "You seem rather confident." "Yes. I admit I am. In fact I am so confident that if I ever should see a ghost-a genuine ghost I mean, not a man or woman as they usually turn out to be-I would promise" (here the dimples deepened in her cheeks) "to let you name the day yourself, and you won't need to bother me any more." (Continued on page 9.) 