THE CHINESE GAME OF FA[?] "Canadian Magazine [?] [?] Over the door of a house bo[?] ton] a large red lamp was suspended, and as we passed underneath it the door open ed for a moment and two men came out, one. pale as death, the other, .talking.. ex citedly. . The glimpse 'I- got of the inside revealed a large gilded saloonwith'a. table in the centre,- round which' was a crowd of men. - As the door swung to'Ting whis pered in my ear, "Pan-tan." ; • • .• v ■I realised dn a moment the ,meaning. -of the white face, and iwhat.had happened-to the'two men-who hadv just dtaggeied out from the hell;; (ft was-the old story—the curse of gold an-d' the folly of man: ' Never theless I : had a great longing, to seer,this notorious, 'Chinese game, --to behold; ..the emdtions of the' unemotional Oliow. 'To Mr Ting I piit'it, and.-he-Wasaboutf o pro test in the fatherly style of the,Mission, when a little .Way up the canal I heard a sudden; splash. '-.- * ,‘What’s ithait. -Ting?” “Nothing;” said tig.. ■■ -; “But that splash?” “You see pdecee man come out-—allee same white face.” .. “Yes.”- -‘‘He .dlown' himself.” I - started forward. but-Ting seized-me by the arm. . - • - “No'good- He no can-he saved. Lo-osee all, makee idie, Wh'at for can live?. All takee same 'load one day.” This' oold-iblooded pessimism, unlike what 1 felt sure my godfather haddnstil led. made me shudder. “Why, Ting,” said I, "you’re : a-brute.’’ “No blute, only you no sabbee. China man, he no 'flaid 1 to die like Chlistian man. He 1-osee all, he makee go. Pe’lhaps China man’s'joss saibbee. iLoOk, him fiend wat che'e dloun.” . It was true enough. • There, on the edge of the canal; seen hut indistinctly, was the. figure of a man, apparently in the act- of watching intently.- From the open doors came the' sound of voices and the low tinkling of guitars. No one had heard.the splash,: 0r.,& he had, ho paid no heed to it. IVhat was a suicide more or less?? At the same 'time some revellers de bouched from a house'-hoat some few doors higher up, and amid much daughter., and hodsy cackle Came towards us. Ting drew me back into the shadow, whispering,- "You likee see Fan-tan ?”—“Bather;” 1 “All 11. ’Wait.” . The men advanced to the, door, against which the foremost knocked softly in a peculiar fashion. A second or so elapsed, and then a shaft of light streamed' out into the darkness, and aa the men crowded round the door, Ting seized me by the hand and led me forward, and we pushed our way in with the others.^ At first-my appearance did not attract any attention, all the players being deeply engrossed in the game, and this gave me an opportunity to inspect iny surroundings. It was a spacious saloon, wide and high, with much elaborate gi- lding and carving; in numerable lights- twinkled behind quaint lamps of mahy’ colors; embroidered silk hangings shielded little alcoves. 'Upon the walls, in gilded characters of the wen-li, were the wise and moral .precepts of the great Confucius; for your.‘Chinese gambler, like liis brother of-the .West, is not without the redeeming virtue of hypocrisy. Bound the 'table-in the centre of the saloon some thirty ot forty Chinamen were crowded, at the head of which sat an. impassive Chow with a bile of bright cash before him, and a "long stick in his hand. This was the limn who counted. A little to the right of him sat another -impassive yellow face. This was 'the banker. 'lt Was he who piaid and received. . ' ;;. •••• .. - . . Fan-tan,.like most great'gambldng games, is simplicity itself. A square sheet of lead is placed in .the middle' of the . table,-the sides of.’which are 'numbered fromone to four. It is on one of these four numbers that you; stake your m’oney, or you mfay put your stake on -the; corners "and thus, take your chance of two numbers, though then your winnings materially decrease,; Then the man. whose business it is to count takes a handful of cash from the big, glittering pile before; him, and 'with his long stick, draws away four Of the coins at ai timie; - and Whatever remains, be it one, two," three, lor four, that .is .the winning number.. . Gradually it became known that a fo reign devil .was in the place; and the iheh turned round to look at me, some angrily, as though they thought my presence an impertinence; but the-others for the most part surveyed me with : a look of sullen indifference. \ I bowed and smiled, and 'told Ting.to ,tell them that I hoped I was not 'intruding, but as I-had a few dollars to lose I wanted to try my luck. Whe ther this mollified them or not I can’t say; but' "as I made-for. the table ibey at my advance; and. as I stak ed: my first five .dollars, on- No; 3 they watched me with the greatest of interest. JThen one put his money.on the same nuni ber, then'another, until almost everybody, ■with that-belief .in omens and supersti tions which is the religion of the gambler, was on No. 3. I felt that it was An awk ward: moment for. me, for- to a certain ex tent the warmth of my welcome- depended .upon No. 3 turning "up.. I therefore watched the slow-diminishing pile of cash, •with an eagerness which- was not. at all in kceping'with my stake. Bven the banker’s impassive face -expressed a mo mentary twitch of interest. Then, before the winnihguumber wasknown, I; saw the ghost • of- a smile flickering . somewhere round his eyes, and I knew.that No. .3 had not \gon. Indeed, -a® the little heap slowly dissolved, it was seen that two was Ithe winning number. ' - • .- - '•- 1 The players grunted with disgust, -but it was evident .that J was-.-a bad ; fung-shui to them, and they left me severely alone. Ting kept close to. me,- but I noticed, that' as the play progressed' his lips grew, white with excitement: and.he-trembled vidleatr ly; and.: thoughtlessly T ; gave him -a cpupls of dollars to play with.- Then the ; real Chinaman came out. -- His eyes spark-- tled, his: lantern jaws,flushed- a-deep;dark;; red; he could;not;speak; for the.madnesk of the game.had- seized;him. ... I was sorry, afterwards,' for at that moment I realised | that I had lent him the wherewithal to travel'the old heathen way. '. : ; ; But meanwhile I-played on with vary-. ing'fortune;:fof-th e spirit-.of -the game had entered‘my blood,-and' I: thought -neither of; the' time nor of ; my surroundings. I smoked and drank, tea to;.excess; • until 1 began-'to feel quite dazed; and:.still: the awfuTgSme'held me'fast; and-1, lost and won and won and lost; now plunging some wbatrijecsklessly;' and. now punting in;.the. mildest.-manner -possible..- - ' ' " By; degrees the room cleared, until-only ,-some^half-dozei.; desperate gamblers' i&' fmainedi -y,Th en. l st opped for a -time, Ljfco, treckon -up the cost of .thenightfs,work, and ; I;fo'und bhat I had losfc-ahout one hundred hhd fifty j _ . : - : 