Cbe Gimhzrtona Htm Fruitgrowers' Advocate, WITH WHIOH »«* INOO«PO»*TBD The Cumberland Mercury, River Times, Weekly Advance, Cumberland Free Press and Ryde Electe«a*e Press. TlLIPHOMI ( j QVONSV «1»D No. aa. i I pa««»k*tt». PARRAMATTA, DECEMBER 29, 1900. ON THE EVE OF THE NEW CENTURY. A USTRALIA has before her the very jCjL grandest of opportunities. What will she do with it? Will she be content under the new name of Commonwealth to jog along in the old conventional miry ruts of part} and intrigue, or will she boldly venture on making a fresh broad highway for herself ? It all de pends upon the composition of the new Federal Parliament how it will happen— ?whether the after times snail nave it to say ot the men of the young Australian Common wealth that none were . for a party and all were for the State, or that they were ft rabble of self-seeking politicians ever hot in fuction, and therefore incapable of genuine patriotic service. It rests upon the present electors of tbe several States of Australia — if not to determine this all im portnnt question, fit. least to give a right direc tion to the deciding influences, by returning good men and true— and only such — to the first Federal Legislature. No political ad venturer of . the old parly type should be allowed the ghost of a show. For the new conditions, honest and sound legislative material— and none other ! It is, or in a very few days will be, for the Aus tralian People — not the Bartons or the DE.ucr.vs, the . Dynes or -the Kixqstoxs— to voice their will regarding. the policy of the Commonwealth. Let us trust that that voice shall prove a mandate imperative and clear for the furtherance of Righteousness and Freedom. It is only by being true to oar own responsibilities as electors, that we Australians can hope to secure the establishment of such an Administration ns shall be virtually as well us nominally a responsible Government. If at the polls we are true to ourselves, we shall start the new Commonwealth and commence the new Century under really hopeful con ditions. 