To Enjoy Summer. FOOD, DRINK AND CLOTHES. LIGHT, PLAIN AND SIMPLE. ALCOHOL TO BE SHUNNED. When the mercury rises in the thermo meter to a hundred and odd, and the baked Australian mops his perspiring brow us he sighs, too often vainly, for a south breeze, it: is essential that ho should know 'what to eat, driak and %eur, so that the ill-effects ofthoheahsllali bo at least mi tigated. To placodlim in possession of that' knowlege wo(Herald)havo interviewed lilt. Gresswellj: the chairman of the Board! of Public Health, and the opinions , of -rth ; 'authority on health questlons, Which "we aio able to give, should prove valuable. ’ “What to oat, drink,’ andwear' how to avoid sup-stroke, and,, heat; stroke* and what .tip do in . the y event, of either ? being j sustained ?—-It's rather a large order for I the compass of a short newspaper article. , ‘ i And the doctor smiled. “But,perhaps;wocan 'manage it by condensing vigorously,’*: he continued, “so, to begin,; 1 should say, generally; Bo moderate in ail things, and extremely moderate iii the use of alcoholic drinks. This is the most important point of all, and deserves a line to itself in captial letters. There should be no ex cesses of. any sort. Anything that ervates or reduces the system is sure to be .a source of additional risk to a person; in a hob climate and exposed to the direct 'rays of the; sun. Then, with moderation j ia all things should come regularity in all things—-regularity in work, - meats, ex ercise, and sloop. Moderation and regular ity must be .practised -rigorously if i a healthy tone of the system is to be maip tained. Leaving the general principles which must be observed.and coming to de tails we will put clothes on our raodc| sum-, merman. First,he should wear flannel next to the skin, not the thick irritating flannel sometimes to be seen in our shops, but lighter merino, with a small percen tage of cotton with it. His outer clothing should be white,and,of course,light;and for' the protection of the delicate organism of the abdomen, he should;wear a cummerbund or drawers which will overlap his flannel shirt in that region. His head gear should be a white helmet of bamboo wicker which is the best, or cork. ' The helmet should be roomy in the roof to, permit of proper ventilation, and it should come well down all round to the brim, but particularly at the .back and fronts—over the nape of * the nock and the eyes. In the matter of drinks, abstinence from alcohol as far as practicable is the chief point. Nothing is so bad as ihe alcoholic ‘peg,’ which,though it may create pleasurable excitement, is only temporary in its action, and, leading to another, and another, inevitably un dermines the digestive and nervous'systems which are the fcwd systems that it is es sential should be kept in vigo: and, good ; tone. Again, alcoholic abuse leads to the destruction of natural sleep' in the natural time, which' is night and as sleep is one of the most important requisites for the maintenance -tit. health, and : at the same is njosfe dilflcujjtto obt ain in summeivthat isanother j reason ‘for extreme moderation in. use of I alcohoL For those who take alcohol,claret cup is least.injurlous. Soda water is a safe drink, but with any water care should be taken to see' that it has been properly filtered. Micro-organisms, like snakes, are most active, and their virulent properties, are most marked in the summer, therefore, proper filtration of all drinking water is essential. Tea (in moderation), is a good cooling jmverage. As far as possible a vegetable diet should be chosen. A certain amount of animal food will, of course, be found necessaiy, but it should be largely reduced in favor *of vegetables. Itipe fruit is good, and it is very important that the midday meal should bo a light, one. Parr, who lived to a great ago, when asked the secret of his longevity, said, ‘JCeep your head cool by temperance, your feet warqi by exercise, rise early and go to bed soon, and if you are inclined to get fat, keep your eyes open and your mouth shut. That is excellent advice neatly put. Ex orcise is essential to.keep the skin active,' and to keep up. the healthy action of the bowels. Biding and walking.are the best kinds of exorcise. Cycling is good in ex treme moderation,' but the tendency to immoderation with those who cycle i$ marked,particularly aipongst the young;. Lads may be seen any day as pale as ghosts and gasping for breath, because of the ex ertion they have used to ride fast over hills. Bathing is very advisable —in the tropics it is particularly resorted to for the build ing up of systems of the cbildreij. Smoking which tends to pull down the action of the heart, should bo only moderately indulged in at any time,' but particularly in the summer. If the pdVi.co already given be followed, the danger of sustaining sun and heat strokes will bo much minimised. Where any tendency to such strokes is noticed, frequent recourse should bo had to cold and douching and to shampooing the bead. When a stroke ' is sustained the patient should bo removed to a cool and sheltered place and cold water should bp applied to the nape of the nook and the head. loo is extremely valuable fort such application, but where ice cannot be obtained free use of the pump will do. Naturally, no time should bo lost in obtaining the services of a medical man, blit while waiting use cold water unsparingly. Let it ho remembered that alcohol favors heat stroke. Let the people restrain their indulgence of it and wc will lioar of fewer cases, and will want less cold water and less ico. ,, ’ ' -- 