Ppm CHRISTI-1 WY. ay evening, \iie ir. > ,n' .lin.e. Jonday e.veitiug, .il die tamp fcictiiouist f'liinvli. Hm siibje-a ^iy anJ its vclaii-'ii lo » lni-i i villi In- i.'io. 111 i ii i -- "i V* iiiugutati. The taken ur i-.ieh m.-u-iiiii s el' tile M-1'ipltllï J.. >\\\\.. " J"..r alie, ^ni of üml il,,- M..ilil iii fl. God. il pli-a-e.l In proivhillg In SHH- I hw ul ?Yal I lu-« XVIII.. 7 . ^unin yan, oxi-opi y<\- lit' c ni boooiiin :is litiiii- i-liihlri'ii. yt Hie Kiiin.li.M Ímiall O'l the lirst ,-vcli:iig sahl the pru ¡nus ww «.-.el;-- the at IO Jin 1 it ii- nf I ;>u-k h.; lil].!. in h.1.1 En been <!rn\m tn l.he <ii hjort ni toy by a OMI rsc nf loi-uni- given by visitor, awi as HM ii y nenple wi re ^^Kg what UK-IKOIIIIV mourn, lu' thought. ^H-ll to take up Ihr siiln>;-1 o.nd do soi». ^Hng to shed light. on » tnn-iier which Ii;«'! Pto do. with Christian teaching.- Thc tiisi r*<juestjon that trose wu.s-~ Whai is theo ';Épnhy I" "That wan a diuV.ill t|iicstinn lo .answer. Tfheiv were so many mystifying .phrases and involved sejifi-nces in ihc literature of theosophists (hat. it was necc. <sary for the Header to lave all his wits tcbout him to get a fair grip of thc nieau ' ingiintended to lie eonv« yeti. Before pro '/feeding furtVr, he wnulii'givc thnn a pie Jlhire, and he sketched an out line of the life I^Jiíra. Aarifci Besaut, staling tiliat she was ,<íiéii\¡íifo of .« clergyman in England : that ¿^.^"¿MWbed strange views through Die siif jTliäjttäandJcath of one of'lier children, and J-^-^-W-^t; ; that sh-- hemline a spiriluii ^^^^^^^?sequently assisted the ila te Mr. Inls íreetliougJn. ana he London Hall ot ving overthrown lier n exposition of tlico Madamo 'Blavatsky, r religion and wai' ¡gil priestess of theo were looked upon os m flic subject. Mrs.i inker, a woman with j amount of intellec-l seemed to lie search > was a woman, liow fcho right track, and irouph mental effort evealed to the heart Theosophy was an lie truth by the mere id it essayed the int- ens a conglomerate science, some sound eil wild intellectual xture of Cliristianity it made a liid for the classes, and had met am those who <wore >ctual side and "held nra nt nil, respecting istianity. lt pride! intellectual religion i and made much of od. The statement iphy took in all- the V the man wira «ny nan with no faith at aous statement ; bm. ïiniply impossible for ian in the true sense the same time. The jonistic and tirrencon lpossible for a Chris isophist as it was for . Theosophy was an d cult of India, and been placed over the it an up-to-date look. : of thc clock for cen of ancient BraJimanic piiy tinit iliad proel! ago and was in these substitute for Chris : of the most remark .. At tlie same time resting, and to som« noting, to go back ti «liest intellects sought that liad alway« pre people in every land ; : " Where did mar is he doing hore ! ing ?_" Those quos 1 und easy to an istiaii teaching ; but >n they were the very lonid be given to all rt, attempts to get al trap good in heather "cognised. "Jut that and dead systems o oriously pjaced befon nclecuth century foi f thc ivonders of thai , it nus hard ti y, awl tho wludent'-i tri'. It might lie sait i it was once said o imtnod.in's Bible, tba Hiiiishmeirl to make , through it. It woul< ul Halinor imaginable r, would 'IK- made t< ibe touching of theo lineal and aaidcjmii The theosophist star and hehl, as all inti'l old, that cverythinf [ by /!. supreme power st. was «ot clear who' it power was. Some 1 t<i us Thal (with f l-ráe of evolution wo ;osophi*ts, and tito! account for things ir far a-s man wus con bree friviat stages <* il plane, tim astra! ul plane. The delis/ '.il. und in tin's tin int il death ami pince went by t.lie name n1 Vi it'll sometimes, ns ii Ii-tne hotly ai.it « oui on shni-(, pil V-gtfníng knnv ledge to 1M- UH»1 in £r-iif-fuet life. WIIIMI IL person pllierie double was near Un- body time, mid for ¡1 'mug t imp hovered Kranes of Wu- departed. Tfiai ni tor thc uifninny s.jid «pircr sciis.i fe ejmerWnt'iil 'hy visitors to a JA/fllc usual plain' was mu' in seven divisions, in which E ailee on raith found tlu-iiwlws nfi their cnndit.inn ot develnp bjfe lowest naliii'cs were in thc lirst ?nfl according in degrees nf cxeel Ifte divisions were iiibi.ihikil. ?'tho lowest ly-io were incapable pUhing between genii nuil lind. W'ttgu quoted liv Mis. Ursa in nf _(Jaji^oTigino nf whom the ts'.e I»'had heord. Tin- nut Ivcouc «iJbBngry. and knocking down tjiplMV 'bein«, -who proved lo hasimilanl.'s « ¡fe. bc went to thor. An Englishman who BpTOeeeillngs told the native Etud tiling. S'nf knowing RSshmnn incant, lint tuking Ifor granted ho intended tn iiii'iin Ilia! . Uio body of tin- winnall was cither indiges- tible or lint, a sweet morsel, flic naiivi', --ig nifii'aiitly patting "himself, replied. " N.>. -.cry ginni.-' Such natures ini|tivwil Uv cn-liuion. going backwards ami howard-, mil il they were perfect. There was a pine callcil Dova.han. which was I he il.MI phisi.V heaven: h.ll liefnre mailling ih.'l .Minis hail In pa-s through t'hc piirilii-amry abides nf Kaii!:il..k.i-:i Kimi of purgai. ;V. where ali Ilia"! «js cir! lily .nul s, n-ual (ell .VA,iv. leaving fhe pnic c-nu-e. lilllie'.'icu soplii-l's heaven |!ic must, intellectual omi n llnci hail every g.«ul ilcsire gratified. 'J'he iitusjcian eniihi linns he never iliil ne, carl'i. lieetlioven was ne lunger ile.l'f. loll Iii- im penal -oui pmnvil mu uiclci.lv wliicli en i ram-iil : arti-ls dri-w ¡md pained w i : li n.e. ma-t-er lund : phñ'isophor- .".?veiled in Hie I ruths iliai. Iiurniii in their -uni- ; aili ? si, mi. Tho menial plane was the highe-l. and i-hete wv-v. ills. -vron ilivis.oi-. in th.i'. 1 The seventh »J. where 1 lu- mn-l poi-froi, were, in :i ftt.ili uir.ltleralily Vli-cful. gi.inn 1 imo the very lianne of Hie - iipicinc. Hui . Hu- pivot, upon '.vliieh Hie Mlange thi "ry of the |iie.-~.ipiii-i rc-nd was yu- ronr.uk . aide ihv-lriim td ivine-wnal inn. l-*\ery soul nv spirit. wein nn pilgrim- age- lime after lin». through Ihr. th reo piano, visiting the <arl li times ivnl of I ui-.uilieT : so Heat nearly all in the 'vnrlc'i Ic-da1, were 'neve cm jiu-vinils oi-ca-iou'. I In-mining mon' perfect with every romear í ital iou. Hillel onoos in peuple were thus -.lceniintecl fm. Some wore very importée,. ' «hilo others wen' tar advanced. What ' vas called {rollins was untiling moro ilian \- a higher ilcvelopineiil nf hoing ml nccnuui I ni r.-iiicariiiitiuns. There wore great .iii \- fi riw-i's in ohildrcii nf a family. One might ? lie sharp, quick-witted, while a seeniid . might lie dull ami slow nf enniprolioiisitm. t All (lint was accounted for liv tho theory ' nf ivit.carnation. When paivnts thought ? theil- onspriiig prceiicions nr queer it was ; thc soul striving tn find an outlet for its ? pnwers. ¡iud a. wiling was linne tn such children hy the treatment often meted ont . tn them. lt. was often asked thal if that '? Mas sn. how was it people had no memory : of pro-existence } The reply was that lhere were a great many things people forgot in tl»- present lifo mid (hat bahyhond was a ' blank. Then, how much more would that apply lo countless reincarnation"- extending mTr'limitless time ï Theosophists actually ; quoted scripture to bolster up tho doctrine of reincarnation. They instam-od thc statement nf Christ that Kíias hail again appeari'd in the person of .lohn the Baptist, -, and declared that the disciples took the 1 doctrine for granted when, lefening to ' tile blind man to whom sight was given, 1 asked-"Who did sin, this man or his parents, that he wns born blind Í" Such principles of exegesis as those would land Christians in strange pinces. As a matter of fact, theosophists only quoteU the "Bible when it suited them and did not believe in thu divine inspiration of thc Book. They ndniitted it was a good liook. for they could Ho nothing else ; but with them it had no moro authority than any oilier 1 good book. Christ was regarded as a mere man, though a good one, having l-eaehed the highest degree of perfection through a multitude of reincarnations. Theosophy was an intellectual cult, n mental effort to reach the unreachable, an attempt to grasp a subject lying outside the province ' of mind. Much moro was said by thc preacher in elucidation of the subject, and he concluded by remarking that leaving .the dark manes of theosophy find coining to the simple and sublime teaching of thc , Bible was like emerging out of fogs and mists into the clear, brilliant atmosphere, of noonday. He thanked lind thc way of salvation was plain so thai all could understand and realise it. lt was not a matter nf speculation, but of experimenta! "knowledge. It had not a perhaps in it. Those who rested themselves upnu thc mercy of Cod through faith in Christ could say willi, the mau who lind lieen thc subject of a miracle-- One thing 1 know, (lint whereas 1 was blind, now I see."' There was no logie like t'nat. "l'or we know that if our eartlily bouse of this tabernacle were dissolved, we hmo a build- ing of God, an house not made with hnnds, eternal in tho heavens." Last Sunday evening thc subject was re : sumed_ under tho name of " Theosophy tested." After reminding the congregation of thc points dealt with on the previous Sunday, Mr. Youngman proceeded to show the vital differences between theosophy and ' Christianity. He remarked that theosophy hod its root in Buddhism, and between that old lieathen system and Christianity there was a chasm deep «nd wide. There was also such a chasm between theosophy and their .religion. Theosophy was not only not Chrislinn, but practically maSorialisti'c and atheistic. Its advocates* might not bo aware of 'all the issues of their 'belief or non-belief ; but they wore real anil startl- ing al) the sallie. It might be said there was no point, there was no clause, of the Christian creed that was not challenged by theosophical teaching. Theosophy was simply the fruit of human thoneiit and iinaginutiim- «nd was put in the pince nf supernatural revelation. The human niind.i even rn its'liighest flights, working cilhcrl bockwards or foi-wards, cunio to'a fearful precipice, and, unless held back by some- thing superior to nsclf, invariably went Over it. Human reason of itself never could climb up to nl-solute lilith on moral subjects, and that'was why revelnlinn wns nccessai-y anil why it was' given. In the first place, theosophy struck at the founda- tions of Christ inn belief by denying the in- spiration of thc Bible. The Bible wastakon" down from tho 'high posit inn in which it had liooii placed and put in a level with other books : awl hcticc tn the theosophist Ibo Bible bud un mni-c authority than had thc winks nf ordinary good men. When a man treated tho scriptures in that fashion he oniiiniitle-a a erinn- ngiiiusl himself and against find. Ile placed himself nn au in- clined pla nc and slid down it at. express speed. He di A nm. know where bo would lie lauded. Belief in Hie Bible as (bid's mes- sage io man was like a slu-et anchor which kept ibo ship fruin drifting, ll was the only thing that, lieh! a man np and made him sonne Tin- thensniihist. then bad no Bible and stood upon iim.iiiii'j. His idea nf (¡nd was nnc.altogether diU'oreii! troin that of the Christian. Ile wis uni thal per- sonal, righteous, and just liebig I'.IMI had re- vealed Him-elf Ul lie- tin- I'liomi ami i'ltt hor of all ; but a curl, cit alisl rai l mn, au undefinable sublimity, tin- os-ciioe ..f all ¡.-..Hliir-s. Mi- «ui in everything, a- Hi' I'alith.-i-l sahl Iii- «as, ami viii pel'lo.l ion wa- 1,1 linn- hack to Him anil lion. ali snll.o.l PI Him. A- fin- .lo-lls fill isl. Hr wa- ir-.-iii.U-il ns a historical |io!-.magc univ -a good niall, uno ni tho hr-l ni mill, lilli univ a niall. Thon-o|ili.v In..Uni ii-i.il! (Jlfi-t -i- "llo »lin liml lioon <l< v <-t..|i.-.l In ri-ill,-erii:ili.ill-. Ulloo Ho «ns I 1. ? I11 i I a ..av;. poi Iinji- a i-aiir ilinl. tun lia.I hoon nnckward- ami loiwaids lo oarll, nn.l Ito .?.um a jioiic.-t iniin. There « is un «li, ii-ivn-.-.- liol wooli I lu- nalino of l ln i-i ami .-, ni- lioallion u-a. liol. There va- un lloaro! .i|.|ii o.i,-li In l.la-|ilioliiy I linn í 'i;¿!. Tin- .liviiiiiy nf fliri-1 wa- Hi.- kev-1..url ol lin- Christian .-dili.o. If Chi isl core liol I ho Son ol' Cul. Ho wa . nu min.- lo i; nun I hal Shake-pcai-c nr Milton or any on,- ('oii-oi|iioiilly. (liri-t i.i.ide nu a.'.ml foi- -ir. Iiiilooil. lin- M.ail '-in " I un- uni oiiini*! in tho thon-o.iihi-t's di. lioiiaiy. There v a- no i-iioin foi Hu- i rn- , in Iii.-. oieoil. .IHII no rodoitijitioTi for man had nor ¡.ron Miado. Man did uni Hood a saviour : ho worked out Iii- own salvation in tho gradual and |iainful proo<... nf rein oarnath.n. Cod was rcgimlod as -o loving that Ile i-nuhl «In lin hann In anynne. All would mino nut right in the omi. There wa- no vosjioiisibilily tn anyone 1m ila- life hore, l'on]ile oniild"do ns they plcn-cd, und there was nothing tn four, lt only needed time tn Irring thom nut right at last. Itul I hore «a- ene thing against lint v irnf the ea-e -a view Hint might living a grain nf comfort to sonic-and that TO- (III: li il 111:1 II cfmscinu-ness nf guill and hu nt foll rosponsibi'i.ly. Huiiunity had ixjiejieueod that from thc beginning and under every sky and every condition nf lifo. People oniild not eniitriidiet their own lunns if (heir mind- played fbcin false. .'vor did Ibo thonsnphisl. believe in tho .Holy lihosl : bul. bc did believe in ghosts, in ordinary spirits holding coicmunieatinii with thc liv- ing through iiicdia-in tablc-ra|i|iings and all thal. lt was. not (Ind's spirit, that helped mon tn live aright, but tho inllu enoc exerted liv th» s|iii-ils nf the ilcjiartcd. Hut there was another test. What bad theosophy done for India-its cradle, its home, its congenial sphere V If il were thc system claimed for il, India In-day ought to bc tho best laiu'l on emili. If they road its history, they would know it was a land filled with tho greatest abomination.- ami cruelty. Theosophy had not touched it ; and lind it not been for Christian teaching and a (ïovernnient based upon Christian" principles, it -would have been vastly dif- ferent from what it was. As a matter of fact, amt as n jiroof that theosnphy wiis antagonistic to Christian teaching, schools in which theosophical principhtwere taught had been opened in some of thc buger cities in India with the special <ihjcet. of conn teraoting trie teaching given in Christian schools : and Australian teachers and money were ticing sent tolteep those scliools going. That- was a strange thing indeed. Theosophy was no religion for heathens. There was a Hjilendid chance for the system lo be tried upon the naked savages of some of thc islands of the Pacific. Christian teaching hud revolutionised multitudes of that class. Wonderful transformation of character trad taken place, not 'through a cycle of i einem nations, but by the grace mid power of Cod influencing' their lives. As Christians, they believed in |ieiiection by Coil's hvlp alone. The worst mon alive might bov'oiue one of the best by giving himself to Cod and opening his mind and heart to ívoeivc the truth. That was thc go-jicl they lovud to preach and what men wanted lo 'ivar. Cod bad eternity during which lo perfect what was begun in this world. Ono life in the world was sufficient, and here they lind the opportunity of liv- ing to Cod and enjoying His pressonce. It rested with them whether tho power of evil was to be broken in the heart, and they ci'inmeiiced mounting the ladder at tho lop of which was God and heaven and eternity. In conclusion. Mr. Youngman said he had been lcd to say what, he bad not to moke any apology for Christianity. That was well able to ufkc core nf itself and make its own way. lt wits thc only key thal fitted the lock of human' nature. "There was no other way into thc sanctuary nf the heart but through the gospel nf .íosus Christ. What he had said was tn explain and expose n subtle system of mulcra unbelief that was striking nt the rout--of what was dearest to them as Christians. Theosnjihy left men .where it found them in the dark. He eonra hope for nothing better than that "Mrs. Annie Hesant and others might, yet return tn the simple faith nf their childhood, and thus add their forces to the real makers ol thc world's liest pros perily. 