'BEYOND THE VAAL' JL Story of the Transvaal War. : (Bighta Reserved.) WaiiTeb D. Whitb.] CHAPTER XXVIII. Bi/>od Wiu. Teia. It was quite dark when Neville gave ft start and opened his eyeB. Someone had toaohed htB arm ; be was sure of that. He eat up and peered oat into the blaokneBS of the night; but saw nothing. Absoluto stillness prevailed. < Bow abBurd,' he mused, 11 must bavo been dreaming. Ah t what is that ? ' His eyes reBted upon some dark body in tho centre of the tent. It took Bbape and drew nearer to bim. Be wiBhed he had a weapon bandy with which to defend himself against the intruder. Then out of tho enfolding gloom there glided tho lithe, sinewy form of Injofa, Barbara's boy. Neville wan about to speak; but the Swazie plaoed bis band npon the oaptive'o arm, saying: • Boera hear if Baas talk too much—they sleep now.' 1 How did you manage to get here ? Neville whispered. Injofa explained that ^ in company with ' Oom' Oronjie and • Missee' Barbara he bad been oarried off from ' The Kraal' and brought down to Laing's Nek, and that Bar bara and Jacobua Oronjie had been per mitted to orosB over into Natal. • He also stated that he had been oruelly ill-treated, nnd that having over-heard Bome of the Boers mention bis (Noville's) namo on the preceding evening; he had slipped from the ropes which bound him and orawled from tent ta tent while tho Dutohmen slept, hoping to find the young ofBoer, set him free, and help him to make his escape into Newoafltle. When he bad finished speaking Injofa drew a knife, and waB about to sever the thongs which were outting into Neville's fleBh, when a great commotion was heard among the men in tho adjoining tents. One of the Boers—ho whoso duty it was to guard the Swazie—bad been roused from his slumbers, and on proceeding to Bee that his prisoner was safe made tho discovery that be had eeoapod. Fearing the wrath of Hendrik, the Boer awoke his companions, nbo oatmed the noiao Neville heard. Uttering a wild ory of rage, Oatermayer, followed by two others oarrying lights, dashed into the tent in whiob the English man lay. Fortunately for Neville he feigned to be sleeping, after warning Injofa to fly for his life. 1 The rooibaatje sleeps,' exelaimed Oater mayer, holding the lantern oloie to Neville's faoe,1 the Kaffir is not here.' •Shoot the "verdomdt" Englishman,' said one of the Boers. • No, no,' replied OBtermayer, with a hoarse ohuokle. ' He ia Baas pendrik's man. He will settle with him.' 1 Yah I yah I L«t Baas Hendrik spill the blood of the Englishman,' returned somo of the otberB, as they sidled ont of the tent. • I have fallen in with lively company,' Bftid Neville to himself after they had left him. 11 wonder if Injofa will get olear away from the oamp. Onoe out of the Boer lines they will never track him in the darkneas. An hour later the Swazie was speeding1 along at a kind of-jog-trot in the direotion of Newcastle. # • # 1 Well, rooibaatje, I hope yon have said your prayers. Yon haven't many hoars to live—you will be shot at sundown.' The speaker was Hendrik Steinbaoh Neville looked up into the faoe of his tormentor.' By Hendrik'e order he had been taken from the tent and tied with his baok to the wheel of a large wagon drawn up on the edge of the oamp. Aooompanied by a dozen or mora of bis followers, he had oome to the place where the captive stood, • in order,' as he put it,' to have some Bport with the Englishman.' A fearless light shone in Neville's eyes. ■I do ridt fear death—an English soldier knows hdw to die,' he made answer. 1 Well Baid,' rooibaatje—well said,' ob served Hendrik mockingly. 'You are a brave man, and I reopeot you; but you shall die all the same, and then—and then Barbara will • • Stop,' oried Neville; • spare me this. 1 oan die as soon bb you wish—I am quite ready. You may rest assured I shall be avenged; but do not mention her name to me. It is nothing* short of pollution for a vile wretok and a traitor, Buoh as yon are, to breathe the name of a pure-souldedlady.' The tigerish nature of the Boer was quiok to show itself under the stinging lash of Neville's utterances. tu'i)tihn you,' rooibaatje, I'll have yotir life,' he shouted, drawing the'loaded revolver he habitually oarried during the oampaign and advanoing towards his prisoner. Thtf'SoolneBB of the English offioer dis conoeited and nonplussed the Boer leader; He etiuld not aocount for it; he hesitated, , and dropped the weapon. J'v '«Shoot,' said Neville ina defiant voice. 1 Do your worst—you will only stain your soul with the blood of an innooent man one who has done von no wrong.' Hendrik gave a brutal laugh Baying, 1 I'll spare you a little longer^ It's a pity Bar bara cannot see yoa now, rooibaatje.' • Stop,' shouted Neville. • I—' ' Ah,' the Boer broke in, 1 never trust a woman. There aro two thinap a man Bhonld not trust—a woman ana a Kaffir. The girl swore she loved you, rooibaatje; but she lied. Barbara loves me—she has promiaed to beoome my wife when we have . Bwept the English ont of South Afrioa.' • It is false,' retorted Neville,' yoa are a base liar. I will stake my very life upon her conitanoy and her fidelity. She is too noble, too good, and too pnre»minded to entrust her fate to a blaok-hearted sooundrel like yon.' ' Hear him, Dirk,' laid Hendrik toOater mayor, • he does not believe me. The Engliih are auoh almighty liara that they tftaoy.ewtyohe^Ufi U«» m veil m (he; do. ( Say. does the girl Barbara love me ? Did I speak truly whan I said sbo will marry me when the war is, over ?' 'Truly,' responded Ostermayer, only too ready to support the lying assertions of his : chief. I • What have you to say to that rooi baatjo ?' queried Hendriok. 11 tell you she is mine; years ago I swore to have her and all tho devils in the pit shall not keep mo from my love. The girl has promised to be mine; before she loft for Natal with Oom Oronje she declared her love forme and threw her arms around my neok swearing she would never marry anyone | but ' ' But Neville Savage 1' came the reply clearly and distinctly, as the assembled I Boers fell back fearing that something was about to happen. Neville almost swooned as he beheld the beautiful woman he loved • faoing the Boer leader, her eyes flashing with l anger, a look of unutterable scorn and contempt upon her proud faoe. Yes, it was a woman's voice that rang out sharp and dear; it was a woman's form —none other than tho glorious figure of Barbara Wilters, who had walked into the centre of the armed Boers; who now stood confronting Hendrik Steinbach* The face of the Boer leader grew pallid with terror aa he gazed upon wnat^ho took to be a spirit—the ghost of the* woman whose name ho had so lightly taken upon his lips. The effect of Barbara's sudden and un expected appearance was astounding. The stolid Dutchmen were amazed and be wildered. The prisoner could soaroely believe his own eyes. 1 Neville, darling' she exclaimed, turning her back upon the terror-Btrioken Hendrik and flinging her soft arms about her lover's neck, 'I have come to save you or to faoe death by your side.' Bo saying she drew a keen-bladed knife; from out of the foldB of her dreBS and quickly severed the thongs of rhinooeros hide which btfund the young offioer to the wagon. Then, handing the knife to him, seeinp that escape from their present position was impossible,—she smiled sweetly upon him saying 'kiss me, dearest, ana then kill me; it will be sweet to die by your hand, and in your embraoe. Long ago I gave my love and my life into your keeping, they are your*, so strike and fear not, kill me and then plunge the blade into your own heart—let us die together.' As Neville gazed into her lively eyes, and eeomed to look beyond their liquid depth* j Biraight into the aoal ol the beautiful ] woman, he marvelled greatly at the intensity; of Barbara's devotion to him; at her mag nificent daring; at her unshaken and un swerving loyalty. ' Saraoombe was right when be said "blood will tell,"' he murmured to himself. 1 No, dearest Barbara, no,' replied Neville, olaaping his love to his breaBt; I oannot'do what you wish. Oar liven are not onr own that we ahonld take them. Shall we not rather leave ouraelvea in the hands of our God? We aire in his power; let thia tyrant do hia worst.' While the young officer waB yet speaking,1 the Boer leader and hia men, who hM recovered from their fright, oanaad by Bar^ bara'a sudden appearanoe, had earronndid thelovera. • ghoot them if they attempt to eaoa^e,' thundered Hendrik, well nigh biiide him-' self with rage and exoitement. ,A dozen riflea were levelled at the lovera. The next moment they were rudely seised and the knife waa wrenohed from Neville's grasp. j • Seep a sharp eye upon your prisoners/' aaid Hendrik, aa he walked away to hia tent. I have them both in the toils -now/ be ohuokled. 'Game toeavehim or die with him, did she? She Bhall have her wish gratified; they ahall die together.' (To BB OoNTJftCSD.) 