/ POLITICAL PICKINGS. Culled From Various Sources South Australia has paid Us deleeatcs £1500 without demur. Is New South Wales to be the only shabby colony of the group? "V V ' New. South Wales Is In the van of the Fede ral movement, but It wants the van at a re duced rate. . The member who represents. Rsndwlok says ; that Mr. Barton has done no good In London. \- This expression of opinion should crush that insignificant personage . named Chamberlain, who has. had the presumption to praise the ability of the delegates. . Y Mr. 'Barton originally Intended to spend six weeks In London, but lie has been compelled :to extend his visit to fourteen weeks. : Professor Dicey suggested that the clause ,74 difficulty could be overcome by striking out the clause, leaving the Commonwealth. Far- . llament free to regulate and restrict appeals hereafter. > ' . ., Mr.; j. J. Cohen, M.L.A., tripped Mr.-;;Car- ruthers In the Assembly last night.: The lat ter was quoting a former, decision of the House In favour of appeal to the Privy Coun cil, when the member for Petersham quoted a later decision, reversing the first. Mr. J. J. Cohen, who as a Federalist slipped in between the Reldlte candidates for Peter sham, Is now a thorough-going supporter of Mr. Held, except where Mr. Barton Is con cerned. , i ». . ! . ' " In the House of Commons Mr. T. B. Curran asked Mr. Chamberlain If It were ascertained that the delegates were willing to appear be- fore the bar of the House, would he (Mr. Chamberlain) facilitate the matter. To which Mr. Chamberlain replied: The hon. member asks me to answer a' hypothetical question. I will wait until the conditions arise. (Laugh ter.) ... The existence of a single Supreme Court of iAppeal for the whole Empire (says the "Dally News") Is valuable In itself, and might, if Wisely constituted, be a nucleus for further union In, the future. '/This glorified Federal fetish"' Is the de scription of Mr. Barton by the Anti-Federal member, for Northumberland. Has Barton over formed an opinion of Norton? . Parliamentary confusion of speech. 'T pre fer to stick to, the devil I know than to the devils I know too much of, and yet I don't know enough of." 'A . Loitering A'ct would be invaluable in facilitating the operation of, the hew measure dealing with the traffic of Sydney. ' The Anti- Federal ghost . enjoyed a resur rection last night/ The Bplrit groaned at the Idea of Mr. Barton's expenses. Mr. Reid explains that Mr. Chamberlain's ylexv of the appeal clause expressed to him a long time ago was confidential, and could not therefore bo published. In the Commons Mr. Chamberlain conveyed that he told Mr. Held so that it should be utilised.: . ; ' The Legislative Assembly wrestled with the amendments to clause 74 of the Common wealth /Bill last night. Mr. Wise settled the matter by a lucid explanation. Thus .the "Dally News" on the Common- wealth Blll: "But: If the Mouse of Commons or the House of Lords pretends to know what is good for, Australia better than the. people of Australia themselves, the unity of the Em pire, about which we used to hear so much from the Tories when it was In no danger, may be imperilled." '. . » Mr. Sam Smith' has elicited that Chinese work In Sydney factories on Sunday. The Chief Secretary says that the Sunday Obser vance Law is practically Inoperative. ' A question In the Assembly suggests the wisdom of a rule prohibiting presentations from subordinate civil servants to their su periors. North Shore people shouldrejoiee. , Their representative in Parliament xvants plague patients handed over to an unregistered prac titioner, who alleges that he can cure them In two days. /"The , Rejlew of the Week," which Mr.. J. C. L. .Fltzpatrlclc described as. an Important . London newspaper, and which referred to the , Commonwealth Bill as a clumsy,; compro mise, has only been started a few months. The proposed1 amendment (Mr. Wise ex plains) of clause 74 leaves untouched the right of appeal from local courts as distinguished from Federal courts. / ' Some members appear to imagine that the Judicial Committee , of the Privy Council Is the Court of Appeal of England'. - According to all reports (flection proceed ings at BathurBt are lively., / Mr. Meagher, M.L.A., has a terrible dread that the Federal High Court will be composed of political judges. He forgets the fine old Tory politicians, who are , elevated to the Privy Council. >.'./ - - " : London County Council 'has a time limit of IB minutes for speeches. . Sydney City Council's limit is until the alderman is ex- . bausted. Mr. Dickson, the Queensland delegate, told a "Central: News" man: "I am not In their counsels, and when I attended the last two conferences held by the delegates I, was in formed they wished to conduct their delibera tions without my presence." . ' .. . .' Mr.' Terry, leader of the Independent party, makes fraud rhyme with God. The alleged poetry, however, may wot; be his own. Mr. Meagher, M.L.A., is very much afraid that the Federal High Court will be composed of political judges. If Mr. Meagher only knew It the Judicial Committee of .the Privy Council Is the Mecca of political lawyers. The 'Lord Chancellor who presides over the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council was a Tory politician, and was three times de feated before he secured a seat in the House of Commons. ' . Six members of ; the Privy Council Judicial Committee have been Tory politicians, two have been Liberals, and the only non-political personage is Sir Richard Conch, ex-Indian \- Judge. "This Is the court which Mr. Meagher thinks would bo freed from political bias than the Federal High Court. . 