the Man With a Box. e- Who was the man with the box[ .,For the thbon~ndth time did Doctor Cllamore ask himeelf.thbi questicn; for the thousandth time dd' ho pander over the grim conun. drum, till it seemed like a spectre haunting him continually. Sleeping or waking. an apparition was ever by his side, demanding now mournfully, now sternly, " Who am I17" And this apparition was the man with the box. If the man was a mystery, the box was none the less one. From long gazing at it, the doctor had come to regard it as a kind of hideous, all- knowing demon, which might open its lips and tell all, but could not be made to. But this was only fancy, for the box, as it stood on the doctor's table, was an ordin. ary little cesket of mahogany, with some signs of an Eastern origin, perhaps, in its curious carving, but to a casual glance a mere commonplace wooden box with a look and key. Yet a glance at this box was enough to bring to Doctor Coliamore's mind thoughts of all that was dark, mysterious and un. canny. The doctor sits before it now, gazing over it at the lurid suneet gradually dying into grey. Heholds the key of the casket in his fingers, as he has to many times before in the last five years, but he does not open the box; he never heas opened it. He is listen ing to a young girl, who leans her pale, lovely face against his shoulder as she speaks to him in a low voice. "It is a strange, dark box, Uncle Frederick standing there so grim and black between us and the bright sky." The doctor starts. "Are you thinking of the box, Adrienne ?" "I think of it often. I remember the night, five years ago, when it came to the house. I remember that when I saw it first, standing on your table, my heart sank, I know not why, with a presentiment of impending misfortune. The next night," and her voice sank to a whisper, "I heard that Malcolm had disappeared-that he had been robbed--mnrdered." "Malcolm Do you still think of him " " Could I forget?" " But Arthur Weston ?" "Ah, Arthur Weston I My dear unele my dear guardian-I must tell you. Arthur Weeton has asked me to become his wife. To-night he is to have my answer." " And it will be ?" " The box eays no." "Must you obey the box 7" "It not only commands me- it impels me. Ever since it has been here it seems to say to me: ' Adrienne, I hold within me the secrets of your future life; I am your destiny, and I am here to watch' over you and guard you from evils you know not of, and dangers that you cannot see.' Oh, uncle, this seems fanciful to )ou, who know the history of the box, but to me it is very real." "Alas, I know no more of its history than you. To me it speaks only of horror, violence and crime. But tell me, does it ever say anything else to you ?" " Yee. At times when I have pondered long over the past it seems to say to me: 'Hope, Adrienne, hope I In good time I will open my lips; the sorrowful shall be made happy-the dead come back [to life. Hopel'" The doctor drew her closer to him. "My child, the time has come when you must know what I have never told to anyone -the story of how I came by the box. To night I do what I never have done-with this key I open the box. I look there for a revelation of terror and crime. II it have for you any message of hope and love, Heaven grant that you may receive it. Liotc," he aid.: "Five years ago I heard that my brother, whom I had not seen for some years, had died, leaving you, his only dauooghter, an orphan, dependent upon my care. I arranged that you ahould make my hoouse your home, and one evening- five years ago to-night while I was away to fulfil a professional en. gageemnt, you arrived. When I returned you were here. I lealncd also during my absence young Malcolm Douglas had called upon you with his friend Arthur Weston. There two young men, you told me, had re turned frotm India not long before, where they had made their fertuore. I learned rieo that .Mlcilm was an eccepted lover. "I was ince more called out, and it was late at night wichn I started for home ngaiu oa ?ot:. As I nled.cd on, thinking of the ethrt:gi, i hich would come from yonur living amoLg s, arnd fa::r thoe Lhppin:tes I hoped for you in the hlu:band I Lcd never seen, I was revleerd to myeelf by noiser, lights and chotir g. Lookingu .bhct me, ~ alf dazed, I fountd mnyeil in the middle of tihe street; a cab drawn by two horaes was beating down upon me rapidly. Too driver, vainly trying to check the animals, was calling to me. I was bewildered, and stood still till the horses were alm at upon me; in an instant I ehou'd nave been knocked down when I was snatched to one side just as the wheels of the cab grazed my clothing. "I looked up at my rescuer. His clothes were torn and muddy, and I distinctly remembered afterwards that stains of-of Eomething red-were on his hands. "' My dear sir, how can I thank you enough for your courage ?'I said. "'It was nothing-- nothing at all,' he replied. "' But youhave saved my life at the risk of your own. Let me at least know who you are, so that I may have the opportunity of being of use to you some time.' "'If you want to rervo me, now is the time,' he said. Take this box. My life would be in danger were it found upon me. '" Then I will take it,' I said. " He placed the box in my hands, saying: "'Swear to me that you will never let anyone else get possession of it; that you will never reveal how it came into your possession, and that you will never open it. I may call upon you any time for it; if I have not done so by five years from to.night I absolve'you from your oath; you may open the box and tell the story of receiving it from me. Do you swear to do this ?' "' Iswear.' "' Them hereois the box and a key. You may see me again soon, or you may never see me. Farewelll' " When I reached home and thought over this adventure calmly, it did not take long to conclude that there was more of the comic than the tragic about it. So I put the box away, and sooen all thought of it was driven from my mind by the startling events which had happened at thia time. "Malcolm Douglas had di-appeared. lIe had draw, all his money, amounting to ten thousand pounds, from the bank, and if the sea had swallowed him up he could not have disappeared more totally, his money with him. As time went on and nothing was heard of him, the police took up the matter. Murder and robbery was their theory, and they madea few arrests. Nothing came of them, however, till suspicion fell upon the IHindoo servant, Kara Nin. A man had been foundwho had seen Malcolm that night in a lonely part of the city near the wharves, the man also stated that Malcolm seenmed to be followed by a small dark man-givine a very good deecription' of Kara Nin. DBut Arthur Weston stepped in and ofllrmedthat Ke?n Nin bad been with him that night at the time when lIalcolm had been seen near the wharves. Ihis alibi upeet the care against the servantc, and the police gave up the eeoarch in destair, and Kara Nin soon after dieappeareo~. "Thus it seemed that the disappearance of MIalcolm Douglas was to be an unsolved mysterv; but it was then that dark visions began to rise up before me, and the almoes forgotten box began to take on the sinister look it has ever since worn. The breaothleEs hurry of the man with the box, his anxiety to rid himself of the incriminating burden; the very words he used about it; the solemn oaths he made me take-nothing could seem less comic or insignificant than this, when I came to think of it, in conrention with the diceppearance of Malcolm Douglas. I have often started up in the dead of night and come to the box with the key in my hand, determined to open it and see what it con. toined; but my arm has always been stayed not by my oath, but by my feeling that the time had not yet come-that the secret of the box ewas n?t to be forrcd from it. Jutl I have always fel:, neverthcleee. that not a uara Nin, nor the police, but the box, did have locked within its breast, the secret of the disappearance of Malcolm Douglas. "And now the time has come; to-night the fire years are passed; I am absolved from my oath. I have told you the story of the box, so far as I know it; now I open it, and if it has any ee;rete it must give them The red sunset had almost faded now, and left the box standing out blackly against the dead grey sky. The girl raised her head and gazed earnestly at the casket. Then she arose. "I will leave you, Uncle Frederick," she eaid, "to open the box. I know now what you most have sufflred through all these years with this knowledge. I, too, have suffered; but to me the box has spoken words of comfcrt and hope; and to-night I feel that its prophesies are soon to be ful. filled. I most go now; Arthur Weston is waiting for me." "I fear his visit will be short, poor fellow I But if the box contains anything of import adce, I will tell you. Now that the time has really come I feel very much agitated; I can hardly bring myself to open the box. But I will try hard to pluck up courage." The doctor lighted a wax taper and set it on the table next to the box. Then he took the key, which was fastened to a small crimson ribbon, and put it in the key hole. As he did so a flood of memories rushed over him. A shudder passed through the doc tor's frame; he turned the key and slowly lifted the lid. The light was dim; the dooc tor raised his eyes, and looking at the win. dow he saw a sight which at first turned his blood cold. A face was pressed against the pane ; a face that he knew, with bright eyes staring at him inetntly. Before him the doctor saw the box, open at last; beyond the box, he saw the never forgotten face of that night in the street five Years before; the face of the man with the box It was but for a moment that the doctor was paralysed. iHe sprang to the window, opened ii, and assured himself that the face was not a mere vision, by grasping the body convulsively. With superhuman energy he dragged the man into the room and stood before him with uplifted arms. " At last I at last I" he cried; " the time has come I Whether you are a man or devil you must yield up tome the secret of Mal colm Douglas I" ''I will do so," anmwered the man, in a calm, clear voice. "It in for that that I have come here. Close the window and sit down. I seeyou have openedthe box. IIf I had not come you might have guessed from that the secret ol Malcolm Douglas." "1 knewit 1" murmured the doctor, sink ing into a chair. "I could have sworn that Malcolm Dooglas's fate was known to you and the box l" "I will make my story short," continued the man. "To begin at the beginning: Malcolm Douglas and Arthur Weston re turned from India comparatively rich men. They had made their fortunes together, but had divided them before they left India. They parsed through Europe on their way home. Their stay there would have been longer had not Douglas diecovered that Weston was becoming a victim to gambling. He was much alarmed for his friend and hurried him home.. "But it was too late; for one night not long after their arrival here, Weston informed him that he had already lost almost all his fortune over the gaming table. He followed this with a request for a large loan. Dcag. las went to the bank and drew out all his money to help his friend; and en doing this he rushed to his doom. "What good could a loan do an already ruined man? The money must be his some how..- When the guilty idea first etirck Weston's mind I do not know. Once there, it grew rapidly, for - Weston hasuddenly cnme is naveanothar reason for wishing to have Douglas out of the way-the hatred of a rival in love. " The resolve once formed, an instrument was readily found. A ferocious Hindoo servant, conversant with means of killing unfamiliar to us-ready for greed or for mere b!oodthiistiness to strangle anyone such a person wr.s Kara Tin; a tool ready to the hand of Weston. "There is one cireumstance which fastens indubitably upon Weston the guilt of this crime. When Sara Nin, through some accident, was obserred and eusepected, he called upon his master to perjure himself in order to save him. And through fear of betrayal Weston did thie, dooubtless with in conceivabl loathing, for he had no couee to love NaroaNin." "For the hindoo had not brought Doug leso' money. Weston thodtghte had stolen it; at any rate he followed the Hlindoo with his vengeance, and some time later altemp. ted to have him done away with; thus grati fying a grudge and getting rid of a dangerous accomplice at the smoe time. But I believe he failed, and if so there will bowar between Weston and Kear nin." "But this is not all," exclaimed the doe. tor, as the man paused, " this is nothing. Who are you, what of the box and whas really was Malcolm Douglas's fate ?" The man eat for a long time leaning his face on his hand. At last he spoke : " Is yourniece here ?" "YTes." " Will you take me to hert" "Doctor Collamoro rose, and the man followed him into the drawing room. Arthur Weston was there with Adrienne. " Why do you tell me to wait ?" he.was saying. "I haveo waited five years, Adri= cnne. Was I not to have my answer to-. night! At least give me a little hope." The door had opened, and the doctor and the man were standing in the room. Adrienne rose and gave one look at the man. "Malcolm I" she cried, and threw herself into his arms. Arthur Weston followed her with his eyes, and saw Malcolm Douglas standing in the doorway. Weston sank to the floor, and raised his hand as if to shield himself from a fridhtlul vision. S"Itis I, myself, Arthur Weston," said Douglas; "the bowetring of the strangler failed for once. The treasure box is not in Karat's hands, but in this very house, where is has been ever since that night." Weston arose and made a violent effort to appear etlf-possessed. "Well, Malcolm,." he said, "you can't blame me for thinking you were a ghost. I never expected to see you again." " Weseton, yeOu oan spare me the trouble of publiocy denouncing yoen. When I sue. ceeded in escaping from the strangler, I was filled with fear and apprehension. I knew I was not saole while he was here. I resolved to go away until it would be safe for me to return. Your false swearing in Kara'a behalf showed me who my real enemies were, and I have not returned till I am able to defeat you at all points. Leave the country, Arthur Wecton ; never again return or come nearme, and you will be safe, as far as I am concerned; otherwise you will be in gaol w:thin an hour." Weston Elunk out of the rooem Without a word. "My children," said Doctor Collamore, "I don't think I understand all of this yet; but I can see that the man with the box has returned, the bcx has been opened, and its curse at last removed from my sleeples nights." SAnid I always said, UncleFrederick, that the box contained a blessing. We have openedit, and I have found Malcolm." "I am glad you have kept your promise about the box so well," said Malcolm; "b ut I um moro glad that yenou have kept Adrienne far me so safely. In return I will promise that you shall no longer be haunted by the man with the box." Arthur Weston slipped out of the room quietly enough. But did he seestillanother face pressed against the window pane watch ing all his movements ? A dark, savage face with glittering eyes and white teeth.that looked as i; they would like to taste blood! Did you see that face, Arthur Weston ? If you did, good-bye to all rest and nearce of mind for you from this time on; for the bowstring of the strangler will not fail the second time, and you know it. You have played with fire, and your day of reckoning is yet to come; and when it does, it will be from the hand of Kara Nin. 