| THE LADIES' PiQE. CHATTER ^ <&*tter, cfe*lt«- m I f©.M—-TfOnyioik. J) WHEN CLOUDS OATHS& A TealleM ^wfnd that cpmM tn gunt%( tuftA shake* tie Vlndows tftuly. end Vna» tie long arms ot the trees tosshyt saaiaat th* dull grey £ky; a hiss of rath—Iknew it w»M coming, tie light had gone so quickly. Ho^ the wind drives it, now thje Way, now that—sometimes a splash against the wid* dow, sometime# a quivering gray vtfl Before those trees just touched witii ni*" set on their topmost branches, gna th#h again driving, beating; While the tfees VaVp fnd fret aim bend in tn© wind Afca T*«b t is nearly teatime, and then i book by the" fire, and a long, quiet,'CQty fVeningi Winter has "come early this yejir, ^but none too early for me. I lamplit evenings, with time work and think in. And thoue __ autumn, really, after nil, and there will be many golden, mellow days before the leaves fall, yet in the evening I iove to put the' clock on and call it winter. One saves up things for winter evenings —long tasks that take time, and thought and patience, or that'deed doin& well. Ond saves up books, too, for more careful read1 ing. Or it may be that ona takes aowii old friends from their well-known places on the Bhclves, and reading them finds. more than the merG printed words Upon the page. There are some books X canpot read ffl summer. "Bernabr Hudge" ia only right with a red glow of firelight flickering on pages. Miss Miggs, ana Sim Tappertm ana Gabriel Varaon are winter friends! and when should one read of the'"IMflywW with the glowing fire above which tne big boiler hung, and of thy ghost story, ,savO on a stormy, windy, rainy, winterly night ! Folks are more sociable in wnnter, torn In summer iibey are scattered here and there in search of coolness, but a winfter evening finds tJnem rpund the nrft—drb is _ay oosv, friendly, cheery tune when all are safe at home, and sounds of rough weather out side only 'add to the sense of comfort in dorors. AH safe at ibome. 1 forgot^ there will be faces missing in many homes tliira wiiniter—farces mistfing, and sad thoughts for those ldfit bdhind. Anxij ous thoughts of dimly comprehended d&fi; gers so far away; or, may be, that bhougp-t that brain and Meant are so slow irt grasp, ing, so long of understanding, that it mnst be said over and oVer—-"He "will come back—never—never qcrme back, till the dulled brain ^ takes lit in ait ls*h, only to forget before long, and cry, "It cannot be—it icannot be!" And then <tfhe Ihapd lesson is all to say again. And yet, the right and wrong and honour of war apart, may ft not work good .in many ways. Wore we not gnawing care Icsb, heedless, shallow, eelfiah, in our long safe prosperity—taking money for the measure of most things, finding excitement in 'things riot always the highest, and count ing it good form to have as few enthusiasms as might be? Had we net,, gome of us, lost touch with much of the rvtahvty of life, and last faith in most that is best in human nature, and ia it not somdtlung that tho old idoalfl of duty, courage, unselfishness should be given balck? There was a note of warning, not unneeded. in one poem In a volume published by George Essex IDvans lithe more than a year ago. In 'Aura Sacra Fames, with its refrain— When shall we find us a god—now that the goda lire dead? there are two verses rtfbat read almost like prophesy now. better the clash of steel and the flag of battle un furled 1 Uetter the roar of guns and death for tho future's sake Than that the curse of Gold should canker the heart of the world. Where is the-voice of the leader? When will the people wake? Nay! let us fold our hands! Madman, what fool would blight * The star of the age whose Christ is Moloch, the Ammonite. Nay! for the day draws near when *11 shall not worship goldl Honour shall not be bought, wealth shall not make the man. All have not turned away from the truths which were loved of old! All haVb not toiled in vain since the toil of the world began. All have not laid their souls nt the feet of the idol red; .Some have remembered God—now that the gods arc dead! They have otyme-fine clash, of steel and the i'ow of guns, and we are learning some thing from their rough bead ring—{earning to give, learning to help and feel for those whom we bad little onoujfii thought for not long ago. * It will be a end winter for many, a quiet winter far nil—for tha.se (and tihey will be few) 'whom the fear or the sorrow has not in some way toughed personally, dhare with the o'.(hcT8 in the anxiety and grief of the whale Empire. This war has tioudhod us ric nothing else has done to a close and far reaching kinchip, and to deeper, saner thoughts of life. We think of it, talk of it. read of .it, and turn to tlhe old faith v I.TK.h may Ire forgotten in easy times, but heffls of a very present help in time of trouble. . The old Book with the Worn leather covers will be read and re-read by many a fireside this winter till it falls open of itself at St. John's Godpel and the Psalms— as most old Bibles do. MAGPIE. 