THE POACHER'S BUTTY. (Copyright.) By GEORGE IMORLEY. If ever a man's profession showed itself in his face, it did in the face of "Handy George." His real name was George Redmond, but, owing to some particular smart- ness in " doing" his fellow-man or escap ing from the clutche3 of the " peelers," his butties had given him the nickname cf " Handy." He w«s very handy with hiß hands, fists, feet, and lips. He also knew how to use his tongue—or misuse it. Though it is a lovely day in Oclobar, Handy ie in his hovel, sitting on a wood chair, with bis legs stretched out upon the hearthstone. His house deserves no belter name than hovel, though it is down in lue rate-books of the town, and is rated to the landlord at ss. 6d. in the pound. It was originally a thatched cottage of one story, standing alone on a bit of pasture land near the town of Brookington. Now the town has crawled round it, like the tide round a dreamer ; it is completely blocked in with brick. The entrance to it is by a foul passage, where there is no lamp in summer or winter. Not 4ft. from the front door are some reeking stables, not kept over-clean ; at the hack of It Le a cowshed ; on one side is a laundry, on the other a dairy ; and in this hovel live. Handy, his dog, his wife, and his four children. The dog must come nex* to 'Handy, for it Is of more moment to him than his wife or little one 3 —" brats," he calls them. He is playing with the brute now, and oh ! such an ugly brute it is—a dark, brindled, tiger- striped lurcher ; a strange, brutish, cunning, leering, serpent-like looking crea ture, with something more than dog-like sagacity in Its piercing black eyes. It is lying under Handy's chair in that peculiar awake-though-asleep etyle always observed in lurchers, and which makes them appear to have something uncanny about them —like the jackdaw. " Come out. you old devil," said Handy, catching the dog by the ear and making him howl with pain. " €ome out, my old butty." The dog uttered frightful yelle. " Oh, George !" cried a woman's voice from the inner room. " Don't, (please don't make the dog howl like that. You'll kill him, or you'll get into prison for cruelty." " Who'll blow the gaff to get me in quod ? Who'll blow the gaff ?" said the ruffian in a taunting vein. " Who landed me in durance afore for six hard ? Who, I ask, but my wife —my loving wife !" A figure came and Btood in the doorway of the other room —a woman's figure. Her face could not be distinctly seen, owing to the defective light, but she appeared to be very ugly. Yet over the mantelshelf there was a picture on the wall of an extremely pretty woman, and when Handy was out little children used to slink from the inner room to gaze upon this portrait and say, " Oh, what a pretty woman our mamma used to be !" The figure in the doorway was Handy's wife ; an angel mated to a devil. "George," she said, and there was no 60und of anger in her voice, only gentle ness. " I am your loving wife, though you may sneer at the words—your dutiful, loving wife." " Oh, bosh !" said Handy. ♦ "You may kill me," continued the wo man softly, " but the moment you lay a finger upon the helpless children, as you have done, that moment I will again speak of your inhuman conduct. Now, George, do be kind. Don't be cruel to us, and don't be cruel to Jerry. He's only a dog, you know, and has no one to help him." The woman spoke with infinite gentleness the last few lines. Any heart but his they would have touched ; but Handy was low, mean, brutish, and demoralised, and he only mocked at her words. v Come, dry up, Nell," he salcf. " fou're like a bloomln' district visitor, "with your preachin' and sermoniein', I aon't want any of that. When I was a different cove to what lam now 1 could have stood It. But I can't vow ;so dry up, I tell you. As for Jerry here, he's my butty. You are my butty, ain't you ?" he said, addressing the dog. " Come, tell me you are my butty, you old devil ; else I'll pull your ear out," he cried, again pulling at the animal's ear. The lurcher gave a short, sharp bark, more apparently the result of pain than affection. Handy evidently considered it an answer to his query, for he let go the dog's ear and <patted bis long, thin body. "Good dog !" he sajd ; " good dog !'• The ugly creature was mad with delight. It licked the hand of the man who made it 6queal ; it uttered short barkings of joy ; It jumped in the air over its master's hands ; it crawled on the ground like, a snake, pass ing and repasslng between Handy's legs. In its paroxysm of .delight It permitted one of its teeth just to prick the flesh of its master's leg. In a second it was sent, like a kicked football, crashing and howling into the fireplace by the big, heavy, hob-nailed boot of -Handy. " I'll teach you to bite the hand or the leg of your good, kind master, you ugly brute," said the man. " Now you lie there till I want you to go out. Jerry did as he was bidden. In fact the dog was too much hurt to stir. It lay In the fender like a dead hare, only that its eyes were open, fixed upon its master. Handy Bat contemplating the brute fpr some time. There was a strange expres sion upon his face—a sort of paln-6pasm of regretr that he had been cruel to the dog. The mau was not all evil, though a long course of indolence, demoralisation, and crime had set the mark of the gallows upon him. When he suffered himself to think, which was not often, because it was too painful, he loathed himself, his 'manners, aid bis crimes ; and looked back with an aching heart to the old days before he began his downward path. His present cruelty to his lurcher re coiled upon him as he looked into the ugly brute's face, and his faithful though re proachful eyes. In the glassy orbs of Jerry he saw himself, a respectable, happy younj? man ; now he was given over to the fiend. Thoughts came down upon him like flashes of lightning ; fhey darted through his frame and touched his heart. " Jerry," he said in a low voice, evidently thick with emotion, "poor Jerry!" In a moment the dog wriggled itself from the fender, and sprang between Handy's legs. It raised its pointed nose up to its master as though it was about to lick his brutal-looking face. " You are my good old butty after all," Mid Handy. " Long Bill and Curly. Tom and the other chaps ain't like you are, J«rry. I've... been crue> to you, yet you stjck to me like a leech. I've kicked you, yet you come and lick my hand. I've half- starved you many and many a day, yet thee stickeat to the old hovel after all. Long Bill and Curly Tom say they aTe my buttles, and they are good cove 3 aa far as they no, but Jerry, my own lean lad," and he held the brute up with his hand under its chin, looking deeply into its dark eyes. " you are my true butty, ain't you, Jerry ?" The dog put out a long, red tongue once more, with the intention of kissing his mas ter's face. Handy, however, having np special liking for dog's kisses, though the dirt upon his face was nearly an inch thick, took the kiss for granted, and thanked the dog by patting it again affectionately upon the sideß. During all this time the figure of the woman etood in the doorway of the inner room, silent, speechless, immovable. The man's performances with the dog were so strange and unusual. That black figure, surmounted by a white scared face, seemed rooted to the spot, and without the power to stir. Handy, Indeed, was surprised himself. He took the lean paws of the dog and sat one on each knee. I verily believe that ugly lurcher would have kept in that posi tion for hours had its master told it to. It looked like one of those bronze dogs we sometimes see on the doorsteps to the houses of the great. " Jerry," said Handy, speaking with an earnestness for which he could not account, " I'm a brute. I know that very well. But some day, belike, I shall want a butty, and if ever I've been good to you for one minute in your life, if ever I've given you a bit o' beef as you liked, a rabbit's paw, and so forth, I ask you, my lad, to forget the punches an' kicks as I've give you, and be my own true butty—truer than Long Bill or Curly Tom. You will be that, won't you, Jerry ?" The brute never spoke, only looked at Its master more intently than ever. " When, maybe, a cursed keeper 'as shot a hole clean through me " What was the matter with the man ? He had bent his head over the dog, and the figure in the doorway, that figure in black and white, heard a sound which was more like a sob than anything that man bad ut tered in that hovel for years. | "Oh, George ! George !" She 'had her arms, the arms he had black ened and bruised many a time, round his bent figure, and that of the dog in a second. This woman was brimming over with love- She yearned often, in her lonely hours, for the heart of the man who was now weeping over his lurcher. And this man had beaten her, ay, beaten her more cruelly than his own dog. " George," she said, kissing his dirty cheek, " don't cry, I love you better than Jerry ever can. Kiss me." How is it that there are women with hearts so gentle, so tender, and so self sacrificing. The fist of this cowed ruffian had often smote this woman's cheek ; there were the marks upon her face—once so pretty—-which even the hand of time could never obliterate ; yet she loved the owner of the hand ! She and the lurcher were rivals for the love of this demoralised creature. "Kiss me!" she said again, hungering for peace and reconciliation ; " Surely, I am more to you than a dog." How prettily she said it ! Something of the old sweetness of past days seemed to pervade the air of that dingy hovel, Handy lifted up his head. "You!" he eaid contemptuously, • "Yee, George. 1 am more to you than your dog." . "Take your paws off/ aaidith* mau roughly, though his eyes were wet, as ho removed ills wife's arms from his neck. " You arc nothing to me like what this dog is. You blow the gaff on me and get me seat to durance. Doei Jerry ? You do the cry ing business when the parson calls, and. make out that I, ycur loving husband, am a regular devil to you. Does Jerry ? You try; to make me give up earning an honest living in the spinnies yonder. Does Jerry ?" The woman shrank from him and stool again in the doorway. Oh ! if she could only have stopped her ears. " You are nothing to me, Nell ; no tiling, only a burden I've got to keep. Jerry's everything to me. Jerry's my butty. Come on, Jerry." Handy rose from his chair. The sunlight —what there was of it—had retreated fron> the room. The day waa dying, in whiett houest men do their work ; the night, in which few can work but poachers, wai creeping on. Handy's butties, Long Bill and Curly Tom, would be waiting for him on tha Close stile at the end of the Black Lanoj leading to Cuddington and Qverchurcb... Ha must be off. From a cupboard near the firegrate ha took a bundle of netting, two stout sticks, a lot of sharp pegs and other poacher's requi* sites. These he stowed away in the lining of his overcoat. Such is the place in which. Ishmaelites hide their tools. It makes them look rather bulky behind, but none taka notice of this but the policemen ; and tha poachers endeavour to keep a safe distance from these gentlemen. Pulling his slouching hat over his browa alld nodding in a slovenly way to the figure in the doorway, Handy said : " I've got a 'pintment to-night." *' With God ?" eoHly replied the figure In the doorway. " With the devil, p?rhaps L" roared the man. He opened the door with an oath that made the woman tremble,' slammed It after him, and passed from his hovel, his lurcher slinking at his heels. 11. In the small hours of the next morning, between 1 and 2, the wife of Handy, seated at a little bare table. wa3 mending a chlld'a frock by the aid of a flickering candlelfght. The children were sleeping in the inner room. The woman, unable even to takft an, hour's rest, owing to her disturbed mind, was waiting for her husband to come home. A shuffling noise on the stones of the pas sage and a whispering of voices caused the woman to stop sewing and listen. She bent forward her Tiead. The light of the candle fell flai upon her cheek, and showed an eye terribly discoloured from a blow. Part of her cheek was as yellow as mustard ; the eye-circle was a deep blue. This was one mark of her loving husband's affection—• ghastly to look at—painful to wear. " Mrs. Redmond," whispered a voice out side the door—not his voice—in Bharp and hurried accents. She glided to tbe door and opened It, her face a shade paler tban before. Two facas peered at her from the darkness of the pas sage—the face* of Long Bill and Curly torn.; faces she disliked to look upon. " What is it you want ?" she said. Two coarse red hands thrust a bundle of netting, eeveril pegs wlih the.sharp pom's broken off, and a strap into the room. Sho wondered at this. •' Here are-Haady.'Bjtraps J we thought you had better have 'em*? the slops '11 be artsr us as soon as it's light." 1 Where's my George ?" asked Mrs. Red mond as a terrible misgiving orossed her mind, " where is he ?" " We left him under the bridge near the splnny. We couldn't carry him, missis," said one of tbe men. ' " Carry him ?" questioned the woman in, a voice bursting with suppressed emotion. •• No ; we couldn't carry him, else we'd have brought him home. (He's hurt by the keeper ; but don't blame us. We had to look arter ourselves. Put the nets out o' sight, missis ; put tbe nets out o' sight." The men rushed off with tbe s-teatthinegf of lurchers without another -word. "Cowards !" she shouted after them, al most sobbing. She had taken hold of the nets when the man thrust them in at the door. Now she let them fall upon the naked boards. She closed the door and went to her sewing again, -with her poor brain en a wftfrL On the white frock a red stain appeared in the shape of a hand. The woman stopped and looked at it, as .womon do when they see aught that surprises them. Then ah* turned up her own hand and loolrod at it. It >was red with blood ! " Whose blood ?" she asked herself. Not her own surely ; because she had no recol lection of cutting or pricking herself : if she had she must have knorra it Then what blood, or whose blood, could it be ? She rose from her seat .with her face perfectly blanched with fear, though her step was firm and her eyes betokened fear less' resolution. She took the guttering candle over to where the nets lay. Bhe bent down to them with a close and fright ened stare. They were saturated wltli blood. The strap which Handy had worn, round his waist, instead of wearing braoefi-. as he would have done had be been respect able, was smeared with red gore from one end to the other. The floor 6t the room was stained and spotted like the floor of a butcher's shambles. The poor creature guessed the truth. "Many women would have fainted at the sight : many more would have screamed. Nell Redmond did neither. iHer heart only, broke, that was all. She was a woman of undaunted courage even now ; though she had been beaten*, bruised, and cowed by the husband she yearned to reclaim. Her little children were oleeplng in the Inner room y it woul*. therefore, not do for eithei^JjD faint or scream. She must be quiet'ana awake. 'Moving like a ghost about the roam ehe threw a shawl round her figure, and placed a bonnet on her head. Wad it not strange that at such a moment as this she should rea'oh down the looking-glass from the mantelshelf and look Into it ? (Perhaps Blra was comparing herself now with the girt she was in the days when George- Redmontf, a decent fellow then, courted her— uneea* sonable thoughts do flood pack upon <b0 mind at times. Her thought*, ;-Wnat«rer. .they ; 3TOj.e, INKf Boon disposed of, for *he put the mirror tyok in its place directly, while * tear 'CjOurßed down tier cheek, as if *he had been looking at wraethlng hideous. Then she Went into the inner room. One glance at the little ones—all in the same bed—satisfied her that all was well with them. She could leave them In Goi's bands ; she was Christian enough* for that. In another moment she had shut the door upon them, and was In the foul and dark passage. (What was the woman going to do ? Wa3 •he about to call up a neighbour, go to the home of the craven poachers for further in formation, or go to the police station ? No doubt that is what many women wouM have done under the circumstances. What Nell Redmond did was this : She fled up the dark passage like a shadow, up silent street after silent street. Tight 6way from the habitations of men. Up a green hill, on the tor of which a row of trees seemed, to her perturbed senses, like a row of d<trk fiends waving their arms to catch her. On ehe flew down the black lane, past a lone cottage ; on, on, until under the glimmer of the dying moon she saw the river~a glassy streak of white in a mass of 'lead gloom. Was the woman mad ? The woman was not mad. She was flying, as fast ns wo man ever yet flew, to the side <of her lms. band—to the man who had so often ill-used her ! Who can estimate the love of a trae woman ? She passed the spinny. Remember, it was between 1 and 2 in the morning, when the country, more than the town, is under Ihe influence of the weirdest and strangest shadows ; and she had never been that way before except in the sunlight. The whirr of the bat and the screech of the barn owl had no power to scare her. Her foot sever faltered until she reached the bridge. ** Jerry !" she whispered as she laid hor hand upon the bridge to take breath, for ehe was dead beat now. A plaintive whine floated up to her from beneath the bridge. Like a woman in a frenzy, she scrambled over a rail, slid down a short grass bank, and by the sickly rnooc •light saw under the bridge the two flgure3 of which she was in search—a man lying prostrate on the ground, a dog watohing over him. She ran to the figures. Her arm, the dear arm he had blackened and bruised many a time, was placed under the man's head in an instant. "George, it is me—Nell." Handy opened his eye 6. " SaFj ' God forgive me,' George, if you can." The man could hot speak. > A shot had gone clean through him and taken his breath ; the place around was saturated with the blood that tolled fro;a the hole in his side. Handy was cast for-' death ; his night brawls had come to aa end ; Nell closed his filming eyes. ißut the poacher's butty was there ; the lean, hungry, beaten lurcher was glued to the bloody place. The two human butties had taken their carcasses off, and left their comrade in crime to die. The ugly do* had remained—^as a priest to the penitent sonl ! 