MEMORABLE EVENTS DuniNO tho past and present week, ovgiiIh of tho deopost significance have boon taking plaoo in Sydney, A solemn Triduum in honour of fcho Immaculate Mother of tho Bodoomor of Mankind formed' n, flfctinp; proludo — with its splpnclid harmony of uoromonioH of wbio'dot'ful gt'andour, of Honnona roploto 'wifcli moinortos of fcho bo»t- dayw of pulpit oloquonoo—- k» bho dodicatiion of ?tljoOttfchodi'ttl, now ho far advanced on fcho way to final completion on Sun day to fcho honour of OhriHfc, and to that of Hi» Mother and to tho mothor of tho human ruuo. There were many people present at St. Mary's on Sunday, and the memory of all they saw and 'all they heard will be obliterated only when they sleep the final sleep of death beneath cold, dull marble, or beneath the more gentle and tender earth. It was a glorious and triumphant occasion. It rivalled the best days that tho Church ever witnessed in the best Catholic coun tries — in tho lands in which all loved to claim kindred, and to have that claim allowed with the members of tho fold of tho Redeemer. On Sunday, unliko when the captive Israelites sat and wept by the waters of Babylon, the Catholics of Australia sang with most enthusiastic jubilation the songs of their immortal Faith. ? The Governors of three colonies (the representatives of her Majesty), the Ministers of tho Crown, the first statemen of Australia, the first men in our political, social and municipal life wero present. Sectarianism was dead, the divine spirit of Catholicity for the time seemed to have taken possession of the entire community. .From every part of Australasia came prelates, priests and laymen to witness the vic tory that Faith had achieved for God and humanity in their country. Their hearts must have beat high with joy and swelled with feelings of deepest emotion us they saw how strong, how beautiful, how sublime the Church that was planted amidst so much gloom and watered by so many tears had grown in their midst. Bub St. Mary's, in all its finished loveliness, is, after all, only a material edifice Its sacrednesH lies in the fact that on its altars' will be daily offered tho Adqrablo Sacrifice, while around will throng the faithful, generation after generation, with deepest reve rence and with most profound humility. Grand cathedrals have been erected in other lands, bub the wither ing blight of infidelity and vice has left them empty and desolate. On gorgeous marble pavements devout worshippers no longor kneol ; around their pulpits no longer liuger souls thirsting for tho words of Eternal Life. Thoroughly realising that what has happened in tho past nmy occur again, the rulers of the Churqh in Australasia have wisoly arranged to make tho holding of a ,« Congress tho fitting completion of tho magnifloon b dedication ceremony of last Sunday. Not on broad alonn doth man Hvo, but much . loss could ho subsist on brick or stone, and fcho grandest odifloo uvor planned by human gonius or built by human hands would fail 1/uiiontably to givo him strength in life or hope in (loath woro tho real toniplo of tho Holy Ghost, his soul, wrooked and laid in ruins by ain or unboliof. Frnyora, toiii'H, unbounded gonoroHiby and H/iuri fico the most sublime sparkle as brightest jewels from out the stojnes, the pinnacles, the spires of St. Mary's, but those who placed these sacred offerings in that holy shrine, many of whom are dead, bub tho memory of whose Krand deeds and saintly lives are the glory and strength of our young Church, the canonisation of its past, tho guarantee of the brilliancy of its future, would feel that all that they have done would be robbed of tho highest measure of its just reward if tho unhappy day ever arrived when nob alone St. 'Mary's, but every Catho lic Church in the land would 'cease to attract within their walls thousands of Catholic hearts, and that such a calamity may never occur tho Catholic Congress is being hold this week, Tho best thoughts of tho most cul tured Catholic intellects of Australia, and of tho world, will there find ox , pi'OHsion, The civilising and sanctify ing mission of tho Church will bo nmclo so clear that ho who runs may road. Papers replete with thought, the re sult of scientific accurate knowledge and honest studv will bo road on ovory subject afleoting men's hap piness in timo and in eternity. On Sunday bho public was invited to wlbncHH tho grandeur of our finished cathedral, symbolic as it woro of tho oxtornal grandeur of our Faith, but 'all tho beauty of tho king's daughter Jh with in,' and tho Congress will reveal to the world tho majesty, boauty, and divinity of tho Church ; her manifold ; agencies for ministering to all the ills. of body and soul, of suffering, sin stricken humanity, her love for the poor, her fidelity in executing tho com mands of her Divine Founder, and her desire to encourage and promote every thing that tends to elevate and ? ennoble life, One of the most consoling features of tho present ceremonies is t ho appre ciative interest with which they are .followed by all the intelligent non- ' Catholics' ot Australia, From sources, whence curses wero showered in days gone by, come to-day nothing but praises and blessing. It would seem as if tho timo woro ripo bore for a rich harvest to bo gathered into the Church Much as in tho days when a Newman and a Manning 'sang their immortal song of submission to the ancient Faith. Tho present Oon- ? groHH cannot' but hasten that gloriouK ovonly cannot but impross on timid Catholics how foolish and despic ably is tho Hhamo thoy fool for tho Faith of fchoir fathors—fchafc Faith over old and over now—cannot bub bring immeasurably nearer tho time whon in thin young country tho war ring olomontH of roliglous strife will . cojwo for ovoi', and thorn will bo but one Got', and ono Shepherd, 