Jlthleto. HAIL COLUMBIA! AJMERTCAN ATHLETES WIN EIGHT BRITISH CHAMPIONSHIPS. (From, our Special Correspondent.) London, July 13, 1900. 'SfeLy! Do I dream, or is visions about; Does tlie Yank boss creation '- Is Britannia played out!' (With apologies to everybody.) Went to Stamford Bridge on Saturday last. Fine day, fine crowd, grand sport, two records decently interred. Came home feel ing like a funeral. Why? Oh, just nothing — only eight English championships gone to America, and if that isn't enough to make one sad, I'd iufit like to know what is. It ? ,J_ ? 1__ _ ? I'll 1 _ 'HI ? 1 ? J i-l.^i vn-nn wasn c oniy poor ntue -U/Ugiauu mao »m beaten to— er — nothing, but Britannia. We had Norman Pritchard, the crack AngloIn dian Bprinter and hurdler on our side — a man good for- 10 seconds on the flat, and 16 seconds over hurdles ; Stanley Rowley, the Australian crack, Dennis Horgan and Pat O'Connor, of Trpland. And Hiiffh Walsh, the Scotchman, to help us to keep our end up, but notwithstanding we went down bang, for the Yankee invaders ran off with eight out oi Oke thirteen events decided. They gave us a taste of tsheir quality first thing, for uhe initial event of the meet ing, ifthe 100 yards, saw W. W. Tewkesbury, of the Pennsylvania University, wipe the floor with Pritchard and Wadisley in tihe first heat. He won by a couple of yards, in 10 l-9th. The second heat brought out A. F. Duffy, of Georgetown, against wihom we pitted Jupp, of tihe LjC.A., and Brewell, of Leicester. The Yank waltzed home a yard to tihe good in 10 l-5tih, in spite of a cross wind. V. Li. Burroughs, ot AJUiicago. waiitea over for tihe third heat, and then Stan ley Rowley, the good-looking antipodean, put us on better terms witih ourselves by can'fcering away with heat 4 in 10 l-5th. So easily did (he win that, we thought he would show better than 10 sec. wiien the finlal tussle came. The fifth heat introduced us to T. W. Jarvie, of Princetown Univer sity, who spua the course in 'a yard worse bhan evens,' beating two moderate oppo nents with consummate ease. The final was a race worth seeing. Duffy got away so quickly that he gained fully a yard trom raie rest, who chased him for all they were worfeh. But 'he held ihis own to the end, and won by half a ya.rd from J&rvis;, who was inches in front of Tewkesbury, witih Rowley 'beaten into fourth place by per haps the thickness of a hand. Duii'y was timed a-t 10 sec., and not one of the run ners was a full yard behind Mm. Next came the mile race, for whiclh tihe holder, Hugh Welsfh, did not turn out: There were 'two Yankees in tihe field of eigtt, to witj Alex. Grant and E. D. Bush erell, of Pennsylvania University, but Charles Bennett, the -Fincihley Harrier, tod dled home easily in a slow run race, a dozen varda beinff this marein from Gaze ley, of the Hern Hill Harriers, who beat Grant half that distance for second: hon ors. Time, 4 rnin. 28 l-9th sec. In. tbe weight-putting we pinned our faith to Dennis Horgan, who held the championship, and in. October, 1897, put the 16-lb. shot 48 ft. 2 in. His principal opponent was Dick Sheldon, of New York, and he proved on. the day a little too -good for the Irishman, Vho could not better 44 ft. 6 in. Sheldon's best tlirow was; 45 ft. 10£ in., whicJh is a recc-ud for cfeampionsihip contests, though considerably less t'ban the British amiateiur record, which, is Horgan'a put, as above-mentioned. The iiigk jump fell to J. K. Baxter, of Pennsylvania University, wiho cleared 6 ft. 2 in. in an easy fashion. None of his op ponents could do better than 5 ft. 92 in., Henderson, of Oxford; O'Connor, of Dub lin; and Carrol, of Princetown, deadheat ing alt this height. LeaQiy, of the Irish A.A.A., who won last year, was dead out of form, and couldn't top *he bar at 5 ft. 8 in. J_I_iC X4i\J ^dJ.UO UULU1C O.«,\j^- wiViU^u^vvi us to A. C. lvraenzlin, of. Pennsylvania, who came home wifch a record on cinders of 15 l-5tih sec, and really is what that time suggeat&— a wonder. Norman Pritch ard won the first heat easily in 16 l-5th sec., anid 'ilhen Kraenziin turned out to show us what he could do' with a fellow countrjnmlan, -named Maioney. Tlie latter hadn't tQie ghost of a eftiow, for Kraenziin was off 'bhe mark like a streak of lightning, and, clearing tte 42-in. hurdles without ap paremt effort, won by a dozen yards in the remarkable ;time of 15J sec. The third heat fell to A. TrafEord, -A Birmingham, in 16g sec, and' the fourth was a walk over for Lewes, of Syracuse, U.S.A., who, how ever, did not trouble u- turn out for tlie final. In this KraeuzTin gave another per fect exhibition of the art of timber top ping. Pritchard 'had no chance with the Yankee crack, who was faster off the mark, gained at every obstacle, and won by hadf a dozen yards in 151 sec. — a world's record for a grass track. It was a wonder ful performance, which put entirely into the shade tihe great eitort of Godfrey Shaw, who, on the same track in' 1895, won the championship in 15 4-5lh 6ec. Kraenzlin'e eifort was about four yards better than ShkAv's fine performance, and his form over 'hurdles is even more finished fhnn that accomplished runner's was. 'He gets over the hurdles as if they weren't there,' said one of the bystanders, and that is the best explanation of how he does it that I cttn give; i The half-mile, owini? to itfoe Dumber of starters, produced three heats, A. E. Tysoe, ofSalford, the holder of ithe diampionship, ? winiDjing tlie first very easily in 2 min., wkh John Bray, of Massachusetts, second. Dens ham, of Henne iHill, aceou'ruted foo.- t'he se cond, Drumbeller, of Penrisylvanua, run ning u'p dn i&e; Aviv time of 2 min. 6 eec. The third liea*' saw J. F. Ci-egaai, of Prince ton, bea/fc H. E. draham, oft Cambridge, by five yards in 2 min. 1 3-5 :sec, eo to the final three YamkBes opposed Itfaee Jingliish m«n. It 'was a fine moe :betweea Tyeoe and Cregaii, the latter entering ifflie stxaigSit for£home 'mLth. a- few yards' lead1. Then Tyeoe made ihie effort, amd quickly caMiing the Yankee, won Jhamdaomely by half a dozen yards in X min. 57 4-5th sec. Densham was a bad third. ' . lihe hammeir tihroiving fell to America, Jctoa Flannocan, of New Yorfc, hurling the weapon 163 ft. 1 in., amd thus breaking all records. T. F. Kriely, who won last year, and held ithie Biitdsh amateur recoird of 151 ft.- 11 in., could only achieve 139 ft. 2 in., Haare, of Pennsylvania, doing 188 ft. 9 ib.. anidi McCnacken, a fellow-countrj-man, 134 Tie quaptar-mileprodxioed five beats, tihe wioiner beiffig H. W. Pridfe Jones, h:A.C., 52 4-6 sec., W, H. Welsh, iEdtimbuirgh Uni versity, 62 2-0 eec., M. W. Long, New York, kv 9.K «p.n ..' W. A. ;!MGaWi«-v.' whn wnlbiet qyek ia ifehe labsence of Stanjley Hwiwley and C. U-. Dav&od;, L.iA.C., 52 4-3 sec. ia ilihe final Davftoa was; very slow off liSie mark, WeWh maWng tihe pace a cracker, Iwi tthe bwio Amed.'oana iM'a- aunidired yande from home. Here Long made 'his bid for victory, arid followed toy Malomey, plaseed WeWb 3ike a flash amid won by. four jrairde £i-0!in'h!ifl compatriot, -wihio finished half that distamce aheadi of tihe Scotchman. Long's time was 49 4-5 sec. » In tihe pole jump ttlbs Amiemcani star Was again: in the ascendant, all five competitors hailing from tlhe (States. Victory rested witfli B. Jo'hniBom, of N.Y.. w3io d'eared 11 fit. 4 in. in faiultiess style, his neairest qppo nenit being Ooiema'n, wtho topped 11 ft. 1 in. Johnson's junn) is a ahanipkwisitop re cord, thie previous best being Kay's 11 ft. 3 in. in 184*i. The British amateur record is 11 ft. 9 in., by Dickenson, and the Ame rican 11 ft. 10J in., by Clapp. For. the four mile race 15 competitors toed the mark, including Charles iJennett (champion 1899), J. F. Rimmer, of the Southport Harriers, Alex. Grant and Dick Grant, of America, and Alfred Shrubb, of the Blue Star Harriers. The race was looked upon as a good thing for Bennett, but his mile victory had evidently taken the steam out of him, and after the first two laps Rimmer was always in front, and running stoutly to the end, the South port man beat his more famous rival by iully 90 yards, with Shrubb 30 yards behind Bennett third. The Yankees were right out of it from the start, liiminer's time was 20 min. 11 eec. rj.iae long jump fell to the 'Wonder,' Kraenziin, at 22 ft. 10J in., wihidh ia far short oi what lie can do when in tip-top form, his American record being 24 ft. 4J in. P. O'Connor, of Dublin, was second at 22 ft. 4J in., and Leahy, of Ireland, third, with 22 ft. 2 in. The four-mile walking race, as antici pated, fell to Champion Sturgess, for the sixth year in succession. He negotiated the distance in 30 min. 20 4-5 sec, beating Butler, of the 'Poly,' by 15 sec. There were no American entrants for this af fair, but in the final event, the Two-Miles Steeplechase, G. W. Horton, of Pennsyl vania, took part. He, however, had noth ing to do with the finish, the race being won by S. J. Robinson, of Northampton, in 11 min. 8 4-5 sec. Comparisons are odious, but here is a tabulated comparison of the American and British shares of the 1900 championship spoils: — . ISvent. America. cricannia. 100 yards ? 12 3 — 1 mile ? ,. .. 3 12 Putting weight .... 1 3 2 - High jump ? 1 2 —tie. 2 2— tie. 120 yards hurdles ..1 2 3 880 yards ? 2 13 Hammer ? 13 2 i4O yards ? 12 8 Pole jump ? 12 3 — Four miles ? — 12 3 Long jump ? 1 2 3 Walking race .... — 12 3 Steeplechase .... — .12 3 Summary (excluding high jump tie):— Americans, 8 firsts, 4 seconds, 5 thirds. Britons, 5 firsts, 8 seconds, 7 thirds. Hence these tears! 