Eleetrii? lighting. Forthcoming Ballot. ' V ' . ; Prelipiiaary Public Meeting. A meeting lit connection with tho proposed eleotrio lighting of the city was hold in the council ohamber yesterday afternoon. His worship the Mayor (Aid. J. Nicol Robinson), presided, ahd there were also present: Aid. '17 Al. Hall, J. U. Al'IN a b, W. G. Higgs, AY. A. Seal, J. Stewart, Messrs, J. Chapman, S. W. Brooks, J. Young, A. J. Ross, A. M. Kirkland, 33. J. Holmes, P. Snowdowne. The Miyob explained the object of the meeting, stating that it was called in rospouso to ;t petition. Ho thought it ; was wise to tako the voice of the ratepayers on the pro poal for the lighting of tho city by electricity. \- Mr. KibkIiAxd wished to know if the petitioners desired a general diso'ussion on the question, so tliat 'the views of ratepayers might ba. fully ventilated. . , Tho Miyon said that the meeting was a preliminary meeting to arrange for the hold ing of public gatherings in connection; with tho forthcoming referendum. Mr. KnucuND said that to him tho word ing of tho petitioii was' ambiguous. Was this a preliminary meeting held for tho pur pose of urrunging for meetings, and wouia tho council have "to pay for the halls in which thoso gatherings werd heldv and which would bo addressed by the petitioners, as they in their wisdom or unwisdom might think fit P The Miyon'said thut if Mr. Kirkland had read the advertisement he would have seou that tho meeting was a preliminary one.. As to the expense, that lmd beon- debited to . his personal account, and he bad no doubt that the committee, if one wero appointed, - would relieve hun of that personal, liability. Aid. M'Nab, as cue of the petitioners, had signed the petition, 'because such . prominence had been given to only ono side of the .ques tion, Ho thought tho subject should bb discussed in. all its phases. . Aid: Hall said ho too had signed the peti tion. The meeting was called by those who were on the Bide which had not been pro minently advocated, and wus for tho purpose of devising means whereby the petitioners might put their opinions before the public. ... Mi. Goodhead "Why should they ask you, Mr. Mayor, to call tho mectiug P Could they not call ono themselves ? Tho Mayor said that was hardly the ques tion before the meeting. Ho had been peti tioned to call tho meetiug and he had done so. It was a matter for his decision. Aid. Higgs noticed that nearly all the gentlemen wlio had signed the petition wero in favour of the lighting proposals being curried into effect by a company. The Mayor : No at all ; only two that I know of— Aid. Seal and Hall.'' That is not indicated in the petition. Aid. Higgs said thut there were those- pre sent who would not lmve attended had thoy not understood that the meeting rwas a publio meeting. - The Mayor : I think you are right in coming here. Aid.. Higgs would he only too happy to have a full discussion, and did not wish to have an advantage over anybody. He was only too anxious to get the ratepayers to take an interest in the matter. At present too little iutercst was taken iu the question. : Mr. CixAPXAx urged that the citizens should be aroused to take, an active part in tho question. As to our electric tramways, he held -there was no better system in vogue auy whoro, Would the council undertake this work of electric lighting ? In the next place : would the ratepuy ers. alio uk jfofi couueil todo : so.--- (VNo. no," ftud..;iyes.!,) ... He was not going " behind the bush," and did not favour the. couueil taking the matter of electric light ing up: Aid. hit.t, saw difficulty in the way of holding. a publio meeting, which might ro- Bolve itself only into a debating class. Aid. Higgs : We will have a time limit. Aid. Hall said he had no objection to shcb a meeting. Tho matter was one for the citizens to decide, and not the aldermen. The people at present oviuced little interest in the matter. He would move,—" That a meeting should bo convened by those who .were, un favourable to tho council undertaking this work." Aid. Seal seconded. " - - Dr. Culpct moved as an amendment, and Aid. Hiaas seconded it,— "That a meeting should he called without any restriction aa to party." Aid. Higgs suggested both sides should . decido as to time limits ' and the speakers who should address the meeting. Aid. Hall said his only object being to have a fair discussion, and provided there was equal opportunity afforded each side to dis cuss the matter in public, '.he would withdraw his proposal. This was agreed to, and the suggestion of Dr. Gulpiu was adopted. Sorao'discnssion ensued as to the meihbd of arranging for the meeting and deciding on the speakers to bo heard pro and con. It was eventually moved by Aid. TTit.t, that Messrs, James Chapman, Josiah Young, and A. H. Kirkland, and Aid. Higgs should make all arrangements for the meeting. Mr. S. W. Brooks questioned whether aldermen should bo allowed to take part. Why not leave the matter to the ratepayers outaido the council P (Hear, hear.) Another . gentleman said tho aldermen should not be debarred from spcuking. .Mr; Kirkland said ho considered the sug gestion was made to prevent Mr. Higgs from speaking. (Disorder.) A Voice : Wo are not afraid of Aid. Higgs or any other aldorumn. ... Mr. Brooks : I have not the slightest ghost of a fear from Aid. Higgs's speaking.' The Mayor: Any ratepayer has a right to he hoard on these questions , ! ; Aid. Higgs said he was. quite willing, if the various' sides wero permitted to appoint their speakers,, to retire, from the committee. What was there about an alderman so disreputable that he should not be allowed to address the citizens? The Mayor: You miss my point altogether! The aldermen will have to deal with this question as aldermen, and surely one innings is enough for them. Mr. Kirkland: I submit, Mr. Mayor, that Mr. Brooks threw out a suggestion and not a motion. ' We are taking too much notice of it. The Mayor: I think any suggestion coming from a ratepayer, should bo . given consideration. .'(Hear, hear.). Mr. Young -moved as an amendment,— "That the committee consist of Aid. Hall and Higgs, and MessrB. A. J. Ross, J.- Chapman, A. M. Kirkland, and J. Young."- - V The amendment was carried. : Mr. Ross was chosen as convener of the meeting. . I . ./' At the instance of Aid. Higgs and Hall, a hearty voto of thanks was -passed to tho Mayor, the .mover alluding 'to the softening iufluonoe the Mayor ' bad exercised on the meeting. ... 