AN AUSTRALIAN MYSTERY. -A I shall offer uo explanation of what I relate. I hare no theories by which to explain the phenomenon, if such It be. I bad theories, but they, one after another, failed to account for the facts in the case. So 1 shall simply relate the bare facts as they arc, shall vouch for them, produce additional testimony if desired, aud leave their explanation to somone more acute or at least bet ter versed iu the solving of mystery than leys elf. To begin with : 1 am not a believer in_ ghosts, visitations, sorcery, or any relic of barbarism of a kindred nature, and am not a member of the “ Society for Psychical Itesearoh.” L rented a house iu which-to speud ruy vacatiou. It was simply an ordin ary little country cottage. There was nothiug about ;it to attract a secoud notice ; just such a house as oue would see in a few hours' ride along auy road from Melbourne. The only thing that attracted me to it was that it was in a rather secluded spot, where I could take my little family aud; speud a quiet summer. It stood ou a small knoll in what as called the “ second bottom,” about a mile from the river. The ground was dry and well drained, for ouly on the rarest occasions did r the river floods reach lit. I mention these particulars thus minutely as possible suggesting some of the theories along which I sought an explanation. The bouse had been empty for some time when I took it. When I offered to pay for . two months’ occupancy in advance, the landlord would accept only one month, saying that I could pay the other if I concluded to remain. I laid this queer business method to bis gene rosity and gave it no further thought. While we were arranging our few be longings our nearest neighbour’s boy stopped1 to say— “ Goad-morning,” and made the en quiry—“ Bought the house ?” We explained to him that we were there only for a short time, and would be pleased to have him call. “ Well,” he replied, “ perhaps I might come some day, but I ain’t much of a hand to be coming round here at night. Think yon’ll stay two months ?” We assured him that we would. Well, perhaps you will,” he re turned, as he trudged off towards home. {Several of the other neighbours look ed mysterious and knowing when they learned that we had rented the “ Coplc house ” for the summer. “ Pretty place, it’s true ; but, oh, well -” our neighbour boy’s father re marked when I met him after we had been safely ensconced for a few days. I saw nothing in this at the time, but subsequent events made all clear to mo. CTur sleeping apartments were above; the rooms were airy and all things poin ted to a pleasant summer outing. One morning my wife remarked at break fast about restiug badly during the night. I had to confess to the same feeling. We attributed it to our fishing excursion of the day before, and thought no more of it. One night, a week or so later, we had retired as usual, but try as I would, I could not go to sleep. I tried all of the means with which I was ac quainted to bring on drowsiness. I named alphabetically all of my friends ; I counted up to a hundred slowly, but still sleep forsook me. T am naturally a hea vy sleeper, but to-night this bless ing was of no value. I was restless and nervous. Iu fact every uervo seemed ou end, aud was strung to the highest tension. I felt no pain ; a pain would have been a relief ; it would have cen tralised the agony. When I laid my ear to tlte pillow, the lush, lush of my pulse was torture, and when, I kept perfectly still in auy positiou, the very couch would vibrate to my heart beats. I felt if I could scream it would1 be a relief, but that would startle the house hold. 1 heard my wife turning rest lessly on her couch. Presently iny little child, a boy of three, asked from his cot— “ Papa:, tan I dit iu bed wif you V I tau’t doe to s’eep.” I told him “yes,” and he crawled closte up to me, all of a tremble. I heard my wife turning restlessly again, and I asked, “ Grace, what could Wic have eaten for supper ? I can’t go: to sleep.” She replied that she hadn’t closed her eyes either, but that our sup per had been the same as usuaL All was soon quiet, and I again tried to woo slumber. I heard the dock iu the room strike eleven; an hour of agony passed and I heard it droll out I twelve. IIs usually mellow sounds grated on my sensitive ears, and the last stroke sounded' through the room like a shout dn a cave. One o’clock passed, and only the child had found sleep, but it seemed more the fitful sleep of one in a fevjor than the healthy slumber of a child. The clock had just struck two, "when 1 heard voices in the yard below. , llecogulsing my neighbour’s voice, I went down and found him, and his two sons, and one of his labourers. “ We just saw that your house was on fine, and came over to give you any help we could,” one of the boys remarked. “ House on fire!” I exclaimed; “ you’ve made a mistake.” “ Yes, ’I was,” ho persisted ; “ all ablaze on the roof.” “ You must be mistaken,” I replied ; “ 1 sec no signs of it now.” “ No.” the old gentleman interposed ; “ it Went out just as we got here ; it always does.” “ What do you mean ? Do you sup pose I’m daft, to believe such stuff ! Don’t you see it’s all dark up there ?” I replied, somewhat warmly, for I thought they were simply passing by ami wanted a little fun at my expense. So 1 went into the house and closed the door on them. “ All right,” the boy returned, “ you’ll see.” I made some excuse to my wife for their call, tumbled into bed, and it was broad daylight when I awoke. We said little about the restlessness of the night but I thought much. Wo experienced no more difficulty in sleeping, ana i had about forgotten the occurrence. I was called to the village one even ing a wpek or so later, and was detained late into the night. I was cantering '.homeward shortly after midnight.' When I was some two miles from home, with a heavy tract of timber between me and my house, suddenly the sky above and beyond the woods was il lumined ns from a great fire. My horse stopped with a suddenness I that all but sent me over his head. It was with difficulty that I urged him forward. I looked again/ The fire was in the direction of my house. I whipped my horse into a run. When I plunged into.the timber the sky be yond was red. In my dread lest it was my house I lashed my horse along regardless of bad road and low-hang ing limbs. ' . -■ When I emerged, from the timber within a quarter of a mile of home all was dark. I rode more leisurely, but yet nervously, the little distance that re mained. When I went up to my room I found my wife and little one suffering from the same nervous sleeplessness that we had experienced on the night mentioned before. I did not speak to .her of what I had seen, and, being tired from my ride, we were soon asleep. I said nothing to any of my neighbours for fear they might think I bad imbibed a little while at the village. The second day following I met my neighbour, and he asked— “ How did yon sleep night before last ?” I looked at him and said— “ Look here, I want to talk to you.” I told him of my feelings on the night of his call and of my wild night’s ride, also of my wife and child’s restlessness on the same night Then the story that he told me, if I had been superstitious, would have made me fear to approach the house in broad day. “ The queer thing,” he continued, “ is that those in the house can’t seie it, but just feel as you have described. You fetch your traps over and stay with me for a week, and you’ll get to see it.” On some pretext to satisfy my wife we went to board at our neighbour’s. We had been there about a week, and I was occupying a room facing the house on the knoll, which was about a quarter of a. mile distant. One night I was awakened by a knock on my door. “ Come, hurry up, and you’ll get to see It,” someone said. I opened my eyes. | My room was all aglow ! The light streamed in at the windows ! I sprang to the window and beheld the roof of tho lionsc iii1 a sheet of flame. Hurrying into my clothes, I ran out and found the family all up, and watch ing it. “ Come on !” I said : “ let’s go !” “No use,” the old man said; but I had started, and the boys followed. I ran, never taking my eyes off the house. It was a, peculiar flame, re sembling mode the burning of phos phorus than the fire from dry tiniber. When half-way there I saw the roof fall in. A shower of sparks shot up into the air, and was carried away by the light breeze. : As I neared the house the. flames .grew brighter. They wore now bursting from the window1 of my sleeping room, that was! The fire was fierce, but strange to re late the roar made by a fire of such size was absent! It was doing its das tardly work tn awful silence. As I stopped to get my breath, and look about, all objects shone as bright almost as day ! I looked again ! Was I sane or had my reason forsaken me! All was dark ! I rubbed my eyes ! There stood the house a silhouette against the sky ! Its outline was per fect;. “ Boys, let’s go back,” I said. “ All right, sir ! We’re with you,” and they showed their willingness by lead ing the way. When we reached home I told what I had seen, .All of the family, the old gentleman and wife, his two sons, the farm labourer, and my wife had wit nessed the same as I had. It could have been no hallucination on my part. Against my wishes my wife had our things moved immediately from the house. We took,up our abode with our neighbour, aud I spent the remainder of the summer outing in a study of that house. .1 slept in it again and again, and, though I experienced the same un canny restlessness, yet when I rushed into the yard to catch a glimpse of the flames I invariably saw nothing. My wild runs to the house, even though made on a fleet horse, always ended In darkness. I followed every theory that offered even the slightest possible chance of a solution, but all led to the sphinx. I learned that it was only during the summer months that the queer freak of nature, for such I believe it to be, was to be seeu. At tbe end of my vacation I gave up the problem as much a mystery as when I bad first witnessed it. On our leaving tbe country to return to duty in Melbourne I made arrange ments to bo informed of any new de parture in tbe freak, but the informa tion received has added nothing to what 1 have already related. I have simply stated plain, unvarnish ed facts at the possible expense of hav ing my sanity questioned. I offer no explanation, for I have none. I am ready to bow to the man who can offer a satisfactory oneF. W., in “ Short Stories.” “That’s a funny thing. “ Wbat is ?” “Miss Passey was an old maid be fore she married, and now that her husband is dead she has become a young widow.” :;i * =* “Don’t you think my friend is very eloquent?” “ I haven’t decided yet,” answered the girl. “It is very hard in these days to make.up one’s mind whether a man is eloquent or merely talkative.” Ue_«i ;mi simple and straight to the point, and have no liking for sen timentality. Therefore I come right out and ask you, Will, you be my She—“ I am not half as simple as you are, but I dm equally straight to the point', and tborofOTc I saj—So.” 