CURRENT LITERATURE. It is Miss Ada Cambridge's fault that site is not one of the first female writers or the day. she has dash, spirit, vivacity, keen powers of observation, and very fair -powers of delineation. But she almost fails of success 'because of her very qualities. Were story telling more difficult to her she would do 11 better, because with, more con centration of effort. As it. is her booka an one great sc-ami>er from die iirst page to the last. "Path and Goal (Mclhucn & Co.) is clever, and on the whole well sustained,. but is is hurried, especially towards the end, where tbe reader is left in doubt as to what precisely happened to the hero and hero ine. The course of true love in their case runs with .so little .-moothness tliat it is ?not till middle age that they are united. And then a tragic situation occurs. They are aboard a schooner in the £>outh Seas, when a hurricane sweeps *tne crew over board and leaves but the hero and heroine alive. The woman after hours of exhaust ing fear goes to sleep in the man's arms. "For a bare half-hour- he watched the gradual drawing ot the veil. Then a splen did shape arose, a mighty glimmering wall to hide tbv scene? He tightened his arms suddenly and set his teeth." And fio tie story ends. Is the "splendid shape a touch of mysticism? Is it death that "hides the scene?" Or is the "mighty glimmering wall" the hull of'a rescuing ship? No one can <lenv thai. Laicas Malet in "The Gateless Barrier' (Methuen & Co.) introduces u-s u> some very curious com pany. Here is a respectable Anicriuan gentleman, Laurence Rivers, husband of the leader of a "smart set" in New York society, suddenly confronted with a "sweet ghostly presence," whose magnificent eyes overpower 'him as the eceo.l of axtar of rotes might do. lie has 'been called to 'his uncle's bedside in England, and wandering t&rough; the iiouse lie enters a haunted room, where his eyes light u]>on die apparition referred to. It is tile pbaraoni ot Agnes Bivers, wiio died distraught with grid" for her lover, a. young naval officer, Iritis at Tra falgar. Leonard finds the letters and minialtures,the ghost is pitifully seeking for locked up in, the escritoire, and he is struck by the extraordinary likeness he bears to the dead tsaiior. lie plays with the fancy that he is Agnes's lover come back to &"e once more. As he observes thai, commu nion with him trings back the intelligence, the gentle gaiety, ot the sweet ghastly pre sence, a wild jwoject forms in iiis brain. Hp determines to make a great experiment. By his will, 4>y the action of mind upon mind, by the force of his great Jove, he ?hU bring the dead girl back to life, be will clothe her soul anew with flesh. Nothing so strange was ever heard out of fairyland, and it is obvious tihat only a very delicate touch can Sive the situation from the ludi crous on wiiich it borders. Is it not a great, cimpiiment that Lncas Malet teUs her story in saeh a way as to render it not only vivid, but akno-st natural and true. . llr. Henry James's idiosyncracies become more pronounced with the lapse of time. "lie Soft Side" (Methuen & Co) is fnil of literary curiosities. "Tins break of silence waa not immediate, though Dane, indeed, seemed to feel it begin before a sound had passed/ The worst of Mr. James's labored attempts at refinement is the obscurity tx> which they often lead. But he is not often chargeable with grotesque neas of metaphor, and the reader's indul gence may therefore reasonably be asked for the foHowing:—"He was in the bath yet, the broad, deep bath of stillness. They sat in it, together now, with the water up to their chins." The ?tram imposed upon a nwelist who writes in this fashion must be almru. (superhuman, but it is nothing compared with tiie strain, which it imposes upon the reader. In a word, Mr. James's peculiar argot is seen here in. all its rich luxuriance- i Mr. Eden Pirili>otts has repeated in "Sons of the Morning" (Methuen & Co.) the hit he made in "Children of the Mist." The daughter of a fanner falls in love iritii two men at once—a not un familiar episode—and affords occasion for a story of English -peasant life almost rival ling in graphic power any tiat r .could' be named among Hardy's<lbest efforts. The dialect need not appal the reader, for any one can understand the following:—^Who's afeared so long as l?e'm on the windy side of justice? 1 bant. If God sends gude things, F-m fust to -thank Urn 'pon my bended knees, an' liope respectful for long continuance. If He sends bad —then, (1 cool off an' -wait for better times. Ban'A my way to return thanks for nought. I've thanked U? for the hay for missus's gude sakee score o' limes; but thank Un for the turmits 1 won't, till I sees if we'ra gwaine to have rain Jfore tis tv la?e. "Mo song, no supper,' as the saying is. Bant my way to turn left cheek to Jehovah Jireb after He's smote me 'pon the right. . . ." " Tis tv changeable in you, Craxnphora, it I may say so without angering you," nrar mured Collins. 