The Lily of Mordaunt. — w . By Mbs 6. Sheldon iatboresB of "The Masked Bridal,1 " The Magic Cameo," & o.) CHAPTER XIV. the doott locked ul'on him. Arlcy aiid her husband proceeded directly to Northampton, where they were obliged to remain over night, as they were too lato to catch the boat across the Channel. Philip observed the most punctilious politeness toward his wife; that one sentence of hers — " the tie that binds us is but a mockery, and I feel that 1 am nothing to you but a wife in name" —had out him keenly, and had seemed to raise a barrier between them which he oouJd not overcome ; while Ariey, preserving the reserve of their last in- rerviow, received his attentions with a quiet dignity, almost coldness, which told him that- her affection for him had received a shook which it would bo long in recovering from, if indeed it ever aid. They might have been merely two acquaintances travelling together, their manner and boaring toward each other were so undemonstrative, although marked by the strictest courtesy and goon breeding. Arriving at Northampton, Philip secured a couple of rooms, and having seen Ariey settled in one of them and atiouueu 10 everything that- would con duce to her comfort, he excused hiin- seii to her, saying: 1 havo u matter of business to at tend to and may not bo in until late. 1 will meet you in tho morning at breakfast. 1 hope you have everything vou need." les, thank you," Ariey returned, and he bowed himself from her door as if ho wore taking leave of some dis tinguished guest. Ariey locked the door upon him with a sigh of relief and satisfaction at be ing thus left to herself, and then all her lorcod composure gave way and she abandoned herself to the overwhelming griei which had nearly crushed her for most of ihe day. biie Uad been so happy only that morning— every prospect hud been so bright, her hopes so buoyant j there had not seemed to be a cloud to dim even the horizon of her life, and now tho heuvons appeared black above her. Ho. ir could sho live and bear to meet this dread torture?— how live like a stranger to her husband, whom, despite ovorythiug, she loved with a deep and abiding tenderness (though, if she had known twelve hours previous what she now knew, sho would never have spoken those words which had made her his lie— yea, sho would even have stop ped short and left him at the very altar)? J _ 11? had told her that he had no love ior her— or the samo as told her so — that ho had sought her simply for her moiioy and an overpowering senso of degradation and misery swept over her soul, orushing her to the" earth. flicn, too, she was tortured by this mystery which enshrouded her birth and parentage. Whence _ had she pome? Could it bo possible that- she had sprung from ob scurity-— that she should yet live to dis cover her station to be as low and humble as that from which Ina liad so suddenly emerged ? No, sue could not believe that; some- .2 ttitbm her assured her that there "as good blood in her veins. Her tastes and aspirations were not low by any means; her nature was refined, pos sessing a natural delicacy beyond any thing which mere, culture could have produced, had sho been born of plebeian parents. But-, notwithstanding this conviction, sho felt as if her lot just now were harder to bear than that of almost any one jiving, and thus it was the first right of her wifehood was spent in tears and wretchedness. Still sho resolved that sho would not Y crashed by this adverse fate if there was such a thing as rising above it and coHquenng it sho would do it. ->o 'one should mistrust how utterly wretched sho was, and Philip least of . 1 tiald not allow him to imagine that she was broken-hearted beyond re lief over his faithfulness; she deter mined in her pride that, as far as she was a bio, sho would appear like her old n!n Jroro, lllm> alld he snould.be coin- pcued at least to respect and admire, n no could not love, the woman whom o nad won under false pretences and trapped into marrying him. Her lips curled with scorn, her cheeks burned and her eyes flashed with anger 5 611(3 recalled all the vows he had ri l'- i , thQ protestations of affec- lon wmch ,io had poured into her will- , f, ?arf> ad the attention and devotion Inch he had lavished upon her on liCI7 occasion, and realised that it had Purpose assumed fr so mercenary a m.ou' could aiiyonc be guilty of such aanossr sho , cried, contemptuously. W osI'1so — -X loathe it, and my ideal uas crumbled to ashes." M?rtil0rad dilferently to her— he ap- and ci i Gren ince this discovery, enuM ?£au to'" wonder how she t„ .(,ovcr ave thought him so superior W ,.erSi yet' ,iu her heart, slie knew c ; 0 tore which sho had given him l-illf-ediy would be very hard to til mi8"t even live on and on un— w? wear her life away. W!!;' i"-1 i ffe1' wretched, sleep- nfiYf 2"1 ?bo appeared at breakfast the if - rioruing as fresh and blooming as ei.;i jif ad slept the sweet sleep of dhood; and she took pains with her .making herself as dainty and thai? 0 a? Possible, so that more her i n? ')alr of admiring eyes followed "w as she swept down the length of the ir 2"rui to her place at the table. h-iA f greeting when she met Philip P oosant, though reserved — an n as s would have spoken to him ®i,u:mtailce— and she chatted with freelv i she ate ber breakfast as a car,, "greeably- as if she had not upou ll0v mind. Eih..ffd' f must oonfess she takes the and with C0 r/-' lle S!lid to himself, with i,; somothing of irritation mixed and anL!1KlC1' afc Seems her so pretty traoti",? y miconcerned, nnd . at- tha tr?.S admiring notice from strangers about them. davhifU very uncomfortable the how hn i C,i j a. -iey had discovered the whnir. deceived her, but to have and troari, i®ri.,Tapparelltly iguored while 80 i'gbtly at this early date, speak i,„ijle,Eame, time he was, so to feqlini nf at ann s length, gave liim a eworin 1 Psonal injury, which, how- e himsiif resent without mak- \VhL ?,f nd'eulous. Philip iaey eame to cross the Channel tyrant, obliged to succumb to that failTtn106, which . scarcely ever chonnv its victims on those stafcLvaad be retired to his dition about as miserable a con- Arl i 1S Poss'ble for mortal to be. any inonn!"-ever; did not experience vessel Beprmi16nCfi! fb® motion of the and thn if - ra bor to exhilarate her, mre a to make ber SoFPrffiit and beautiful, sages w ,vlmef sbe sent polite mes- if there S rd to Philip, asking d to cen+f?k a.aytbmg. that she conld one® «,„ Jate to his comfort; and after cairn! herself to his door, and CWemomously rapping for permis- sion to enter, put her lovely face with- in and inquired, m a musical voice: i?ve, yo.u W commands for me, Mr. Paxton ? I should be veiy glad if aaythmg for your relief." "Mr. Paxton!" She had always had such a pretty way of calling him Philip that this formal manner of addressing him jarred harshly upon him, even though he was almost too ill to take notice of amy- It told him that she meant to ob serve her outward obligations to him- ho should always receive proper respect from her, but that she would not go beyond that. He was not to expeot any demonstration of affection or regard from her since he had forfeited all n£hb and title to anything of the kind. , j he returned to her inquiry; the steward can give me all the atteu- won which I may need." But he looked wistfully into her lovely face, from which not an atom of its natural colour had abated," as if ho would have been glad to read in those dark eyes something of the old tender ness which she had been so free to be stow upon him in the days of their wooing. Wlien at last the vessel stopped at her pier, and he emerged from his en forced seclusion looking like a veritable ghost, Ariey, in a very quiet way, as sumed and relieved him from all care regarding their landing, and proved her self so efficient and sensible in her pro ceedings that he regarded her in aston ishment. They immediately took the train for Paris, and just before reaching that city Alley remarked: "It is quite expensive living at the hotels in Paris, is it not?" "Yes, if one goes, to a first-class hotel," Philip replied. "Then I think, since wo are now ob liged to count the cost of everything, it will bo better for ns to take apart ments where we can have breakfast and lunch served, and dine at some nice cafe. I know that many people do that way." "It seems a little strange, does it not, for people to be quite so economi cal upon their wedding journey ?" Philip observed, somewhat sarcasti cally. Arlcy turned and looked straight into his eyes, her own exceedingly bright from some inward emotion. | "lie ally, Air. Paxton! did you expect that this would be anything else but a strange c-ne, from first to last?" she askod. Xnen, without giving liim time to re- .ply, she added, in a matter-of-fact way: "My interests are, of courso, allied with yours now, and since it is neces sary for us to practise economy in every possible way, it is my desire to begin at once." How she would have scorned and laughed at the idea a week previous that she could havo talked of, and much less practised economy, sho who had scattered her money broadcast with such a lavish hand! "What is your idea of economy?" Philip inquired, remembering her ele gant wedding finery and thinking to be amused by her answer. "I think we can hire tlirec apart ments, two sleeping-rooms and a par lour, in a good quarter of the city, for a moderate sum ; we can havo simple breakfast and lunch served to us there and dine in any of those nice cafes very reasonably. Ill this way I think we can make our expenses much lighter than they would have been if wc had re mained in London, while at the. same time we can have the benefit of the ob jects of interest in dear, delightful Paris. _ I intend to make tho most of this trip, anil there is much I wish to see and learn about in tho wonderful city." Philip made no reply to this plan, but he was struck with its feasibility and resolved to put it into practice when they should reach their destination, while at. the same time lie wondered to hear such wise utterances from Arley's lips ; every hour in her society served to develop a depth and strongth of character for which he was wholly un-. prepared. Adversity seemed to have unlocked a door in her soul wherein lay treasures hitherto unsuspected. Arriving in Paris, they found three very comfortable apartments in the Rue de Rivoli, and where they arranged witir the landlady for the privilege of ordering whatever they might need at a reasonable sum. Philip, however, was almost helpless in making these arrangements, for liis French_ was very poor ; but Ariey could speak it like a native, and chattered volubly while driving her close bargain with inadanie, yet doing it in such a gracious, winning way, that she seemed to be conferring a favour to take the rooms at any price. They remained in Paris three months, where, at first, they had not intended - remaining as many weeks. Arlev often wondered when Philip was going to- return >.0 London and take up his work again, but 6he had resolved not to interfere, and so let matters take their course. The life seemed to suit him; the ex pense of their living was not much, if any, more than he would have been ob liged to incur for himself alone at home, while he had become interested in learn ing the language, and was determined to be able to converse freely in it he- fore leaving. ! Another thing— his pride revolted more from going back to London, where his affairs would bo known and talked about — where he would constantly meet people, who had known of his "great expectations," and his subse quent disappointment. He could not bear to encounter the sympathy of such; he shrank from going into close quarters to live, and, in fact, seemed to bo losing all teste and desire for re suming his profession. Ariey enjoyed the sight-seeing as much as sho could enjoy anything, with the burdens which lay so heavily on her heart. She was obliged to live by herself a great deal, for Philip evidently did not feel easy in her society, and went his own way, leaving her to go hers. She was thus often very lonely, being such a stranger in that spear, giddy city; but sho was brave little woman, ana. often when the tears would come with a sudden rush to her eyes she would resolutely crush them hack, and whis per to herself: "I will try to make the best of it— to believe tliat it is all right," and thou she would go away to the Louvre, or the Place dc Luxembourg, or the Hotel de Cluny, where, among the pictures and other works of art, she would for get for a time herself and her troubles. By-and-by, when- she found that Philip did not seem inclined to leave Paris, sho bought some artists' materials aud busied herself with mak ing sketches of many of tho beautiful things which she saw, and in this way sho stored her mind with much useful knowledge of art, and was enabled to carry away many souvenirs of her- so journ there. The strangely united pair met every morning with manner most polite, but with the most commonplace of saluta tions ; discussed the newspapers, and their experiences of the day before, or, perhaps, when other subjects failed, French culinary art in the most matter- of-fact way imaginable. Ariey always looked us fresh and pretty as a picture as she sat opposite Philip and poured his coffee, and there was never any trace upon her face of tho many sad and sleepless hours- she passed in the silence and loneliness of her own chamber. She was always plea- I sant and courteous — always ready to ob- lige ber husband in every possible way, but she never abated one whit of the dignity and reserve which she had as sumed on her wedding-day. She seemed to be as invulnerable as Achilles of old, and without even one weak point, like him, where she could be ausailed and conquered. She possessed a keen sense of tho ludicrous; she was full of anecdote and story, while her descriptive powers were vivid and entertaining, and these sho sometimes employed, when the con versation dragged, to suoh purpose that I Philip would often find himself watching and listening to her with a strange fas cination, and even sometimes wishing that lie could break dovyn that terrible barrier which reared itself so like a brazen wall between them. They lunched wherever they happen ed to be; but contrary to their original intention, they dined in their own rooms at six in.tlie evening. Ariey never neglected her toilet; she was always arrayed in> some dainty cos tume that made her doubly fascinating. She seemed to grow, more beautiful every day; to acquire % certain grace and polish which she had never possess ed before, and to expand and develop mental powers which actually astonish ed her husband. He began to enjoy his dinner hour exceedingly — to look forward to it every day with strange impatience and eager ness, and at this time had Ariey given him the slightest encouragement he would have fallen a willing captive to her charms and sho could nave mould ed him to her will. Two or three times he brought her a tiny bouquet of lovely flowers on his return to dinner ; hut if he had hoped anything from them as peace offerings he was doomed to disappointment. Ariey took them with a formal "thank you," immediately put them in a little vase, and set them upon their parlour, table; and there they stood, apparent ly unheeded, until they withered -and died, and the chambermaid threw them out. 'inis hurt his vanity exceedingly, es pecially as he had ohosen flowers which be knew she loved, and he had hoped she would tuck them in her belt or fasten them in her hair; but to have them neglected and ignored made him ffeei that she cared nothing for the at tention as far as he was concerned. He grew tired at length of Paris, and they went from there to Tours for a month, thence t-o Toulouse for .six weeks, after which they crossed the Pyrenees into Spain, and finally arrived at Madrid — that quaint, roman tic old city, which seems to belong to some other world. . Once or twice Arlcy had asked, with wishful eyes, when they were going home, and he had invariably answered that " he did not know." . " I have no heart to go home to be gin at the foot of the ladder again and havo everybody wagging their heads over my affairs," he had once said, moodily. ""Where will you begin?" Ariey quiet ly askod. "I dou't know as I care to begin at all," was tho frowning reply. "But can we live like this always?" she inquired, with a searching glance. "Aren't you comfortable? Is there anything that you want which you haven't got?" lie demanded, more harshly thaui sho had ever heard him speak before. Ariey drew herself up haughtily. "I believe I have made no complaint, 3fr. Paxton," she said, in a freezing tone. "I was simply wondering where the money was coming from to permit of our leading this idle, useless kind of lifo much longer." "I don't know, as you need to worry about that if I do nob," he retorted, and abruptly loft tho room. His keen- witted wife at ouce reason ed that ho was very much worried — that if ho had not been extromely short of funds her simple questions would not have irritated liim thus, while at every change they had made of late he had taken cheaper lodgings and curtailed their expenses in a number of ways which seriously affected their comfort. Slio became very much troubled by these things for she lelt that t-hoy would only go on from bad to worse if Philip did not soon form some definite plan of action. She knew that ho possessed splendid talents; that he was capable of going to the front in liis profession if ho would only "pocket his pride" and put forth a little energy ; and she felt that it was very wrong of him. thus to settle idly down and waste these precious months right in the prime of his manhood. The place where they were living "in Madrid was very dreary; the rooms were small, the windows -nigh-, and the streets narrow and dirty, while the food which she daily placed upon their table was anything but palatable. Ariey had never yet broken the hun dred-pound note which Miss MoAllister had given her at parting, ,nor did sho mean to do so now. She had never even told Philip that she had it, and now she believed if he knew of it he would insist upon using it, and thus he would sink even lower in inanition ; besides this, if he persisted in his present man-- ner of living, she could, if necessity compelled, use it to return to England and Miss McAllister, who, no doubt, would be willing to give her a home. But this, of course, would bo her very last resort. Still, her present position was any thing but a comfortable one, for, while Philip could speak the language fluent ly, she could not understand it at all, and she was terribly lonely and home sick. Two months had passed since they came to Spain, and being so much alone, she liad busied herself with draw ing, and painting some in water colours, so that, she had quite a collection of pictures and sketches, with what she had done in. Paris. These she brought out . and looked at on tliis_ day, after her unpleasant inter view with Philip. She was wondering if she could sell some of them, or copy some of them for sale, aud thus better their condition somewhat. Sho felt that it would be intolerable to remain in that place much longer. Still she had voluntarily- become Philip Paxton's wife, and she was de termined to share his fortunes, good or bad — to "he true to her plighted vows just as long as it was possible to be. After looking her portfolio through she decided that sho would make an effort — it could do no harm, ami it might result in much good. Selecting a few little sketches, she arranged her drawing materials and colours, aud set diligently about her work. For a week she laboured unweariedly; then gathering up tho result of her work, she tied them carefully together, dressed herself with great care, and tak ing the package with her, went out. She was exceedingly nervous over her undertaking, for everything was so strange in that — to her — half-barbarous city. She threaded her way through the narrow, and in many places dirty, streets, until she came out into the bet ter portion of the city, and at length entering Montera street, one of tho finest in Madrid, she stopped before an art store, where, after a moment of hesitation, she entered. Approaching the counter, she inquir ed, in the sweetest of voices and purest French, if that language was spoken by anyone there. A reply in the affirmative was imme diately given, much to her relief, and then she laid her package down and : asked that its contents might bo ex- amined. , . 1 The gentleman, who proved to be one of the proprietors, aoceded to her re- guest, examining drawing after draw ing with a critical eye. These were sketches of every variety — of places, people and scenes that she had observed during her travels; there wero fancy pieces, fruit, flowers and figures ; comic pictures, serious _ aud seutimeut-al, and all executed with a freshness and spirit that made them charming. "They are very good, mademoiselle?" the gentleman said, uttering the- last word with questioning inflection, and casting an admiring glance into the lovely face before him. "No, monsieur— madam, if you please," Ariey replied, drawing herself up slightly. "Thank you for your praise," sho added, smiling. "And now, if you think they aro worthy, I would like to dispose of them, and perhaps take orders for more." He bent a glance of surprise upon her, running his keen eye over her ele gant attire, noticing its texture, its trimmings of rich lace, and the jewels that she wore. ".Ah! she is selling t-kern for someone else," he thought, and turned his atten tion again to the pretty collection be fore him. His practised eye told him that there was considerable merit in them, and that, with a hint regarding certain points, the artist, whoever ho or she might bo, might fill with great satisfac tion; a demand in his line of business. .Ariey had happened to stumble upon an honest man. Happened? — stumbled? No ; she had been trying to " make the best" of all her troubles, according to Lady Elaine's exposition of that expres sion; she had taken all her sorrows and burdens tcf One who was able to help her bear them, and to assist her in her extremity, and now the "happen ing" and "stumbling" liad rather been an ordering. The proprietor told her what ho would give for her drawings, naming a larger sum than she liad hoped to receive, and requested her to supply him with more, at an advance in price, if she improved upon the hints which he wished to give her. She consented, only too gladly, while she received, with a wildly beating heart, the money which he counted out to her, though outwardly her manner was as calm and elegant as it had ever been in a fashionable drawing-room in London; and then, with it clasped tightly in her hands, slio went back to her rooms, with a sense of exultation in her heart such as sho liad never ex perienced before, aud to thank God for the talents which He had given her and which she believed, if necessity required, would ensure, her a future of' indepen dence and comfort. CHAPTER XV. HAD KEWS. "From this time, no matter what comes — excepting accident or ill health — I am mistress of my own career," Ar iey said t-o herself, as with a lirui, quick step slio wended her way liouic after leaving the art store. " If worst comes to worst I can earn my own living — I need be dependent upon no one. -And why should I nut toil lor my bread?" she added, thoughtfully. "She — Ilia — did, while I was living a pcltud, spoiled child upon her money; and now, per haps, it. is no moro than right and just that I should take my turn and realise something of tho trials and hardships that she oudured." And yet, in spite of tliis reasoning,. Arlcy knew that it was not- right — that it was not as it should be. Sho knew that her husband ought to support her — that it belonged to him to exert himself and givo her the com forts of life, instead of leading such an aimless, idle existence and wasting liis time. He should not lmvc married her otherwise; no man should marry if lie cannot support the woman whom lie loves and wins. It is a woman's place, to make her home pleasant and attrac tive — to care for the needs and comfort of her family, and to keep the domestic machiucry smoothly running. Beyond this she should not havo to go — it is all the care she ought, to be burdened with, without being obliged to earn, to help eke out a- comfortable support for hor- self aud family. This is the way that a couple should begin life — the husband to support, the wife to make tho pleasant home. But if ill-health or reverses come afterward, then a true wife will braco herself to meet them and do .what, she can toward bridging over their mutual misfortune. Arloy knew that Philip's disappoint ment had been great — that it was very trying to liim to loso trie earnings of years, and of courso the loss of her twenty thousand : pounds had ' been an added discouragement; but that was.no reason why lie should "lay back upon his oars" and do nothing, running in debt and idling away his time. Ho should, instead, have braced himself anew for another battle, und, making the most and best of his time and talents, tried manfully to retrieve his lost position. . . Feeling something of all this. Alley said nothing of her venture with Ike art dealer, but quietly set to work to fill the orders which lie had given her, determined to earn all the money she could while sho was obliged to stay there. Philip .wondered to see her bending over ber drawing every time he came into their sitting-room, and one day re marked upon her industry. "I did not know that you were so fond of your pencils and brushes, Ariey," he said, as he glanced at the pretty sketch which she was working upon. "I must fill up the time iu some way," she answered, quietly. "I cannot go out here as freely as I have done elsewhere, for I cannot speak: the lan guage, and these swarthy, fierce-looking people half ' frighten me. I am very, very lonely much of the time. "When will you take mc_ home?" mid sho look ed up at him with tears of homesick ness in lier eyes. _ - He scowled at the question. "I don't knoWj" he said, aiid then muttered something else which she did not catch. _ She regarded him quest ioniugly, and saw that there was an anxious and angry look on liis face, while he began to pace the floor with a. nervous tread. "Is there anything that troubles you particularly?" she asked. "Yes, everything," lie .answered, moodily ; then asked : " Have you any money, Ariey?" ._ . - She flushed a vivid crimson. She felt humiliated that he, a st-i'oug, active, capable man, shquld. be so lost, to liis sense of duty and manhood as to allow himself to become reduced to the necessity of coining to her- for money to defray their needful expenses. ' " Yes, I have a little in- my purse," she answered, coldly. "How much?" he demanded, eagerly. "Four or five pounds, perhaps," she said, moro determined than ever to keep the secret of her earnings from him. _ "Let me have a part of it, will you?" he asked, turning his back upon lier, while a blush of shame mantled - his cheek as he made tho request ; then lie added, deprecatingly : " I am in a deuoedly unpleasant predicament just now, and — and a> remittance which I was expecting lias not- arrived." "A remittance!" she repeated, with quick surprise. "I thought you told me that you had nothing? You gave me to understand when we left liome tliat all you had you had with you— is it all gone?" "Yes." . "Then you. have been, trying to bor row," she said, with abated breath. i "Well, suppose I have? A man must live somehow." \ . j "Somehow!" repeated Arlcy, scorn- fully. Then, rising, she. confronted him reso lutely, and stud: "Philip Paxton, I will not live ton borrowed money ; it is not honest." "There is an old saying; -I believe, that ' beggars cannot be- choosers,' " bo replied, witlf bitter sarcasm. "We need not be 5 beggars ' while you have your . health and a pair of bauds to work with. You ought 'to. -go to work. .Why will you not be.a man?" she said, scorn and righteous indigna tion- 'quivering in- her tones. " "It is not exactly a- coinfortablo feel ing, when one lias had plenty, to bo obliged to eomo down to such si- level- to dig aiid- delve like n common la bourer. It is rather galling to one's pride, to say tho least," Philip return ed, with considerable: heat. "I would rather 'dig and delve like a common labourer.' as you express it. and- get- an honest living, tluin to exist- as we havo been doing for the last six or eight months,". Ariey. said, 'with grave dignity. Thcu sho added : "But- if you,: should . return '.to Eng-; land, and resume your profession you might <lo as well, if not better, than formerly, and we should, no doubt, bo much more comfortable t-bau wo are now." "Do you suppose I am goinir back to England in this poverty-stricken .Condi tion. and have people laughing in their sleeve . over the failure of all' my : ex-, pectations ?" Philip'- demanded, with a very red face. Arley's lip curled ami iior eyes flash ed a scornful lire. "I should say that it, would bo at least more manly aud honest,' t.liau to live like this, and borrow of friends' with no prospect of ever being able to repay," slie remarked, pithily. "But you need not go back. Why not re sume your profession here? You speak the. language so well you might make a beginning here. I will not. murmur, though' 1 am so' homesick that I feci as if I cannot stay here another day." A sudden rush of . tears blinded lier as she said this, and Iior voice broke. "I will do anything to help or en courage you if you will only give up this fund or life aud do right- ; but it is beucuth you — it is mean, in impose upon the good nature of one's fricc-'s and then sit idly down with folded liand6." Pluiip's eyes fell and lie flushed hutJy. He felt the truth of her words and cringed beneath her well-merited scorn; but lie was still too proud and obstinate to aot upon her advice or liis own convictions of duty and right. Fate had, according to liis way of thinking, used liim very ill, and, like a silly boy, he had run into a corner to sulk, instead of manfully grappling witli it "and making himself master of the situation. "We will nob discuss the -matter further," he said, coldly; "but if you will Jet mo have two or three pounds I will endeavour to satisfy our land lord's demands for the present." Arlcy sighed heavily, but went to iior room to got- her purse, and when slio returned and look from I sonic pieces of gold to give Hint Philip watched her narrowly and noticed that there was more in it. Ho received it with' a muttered "thank you," and then immediately left the room : while Ariey, with burn ing checks and quivering lips, sat down to ber work again. There was a bitter pain in Iior heart, together with ail unaccountable con sciousness that she was beginning to de spise her husband for liis eowardico and mealiness. (To bo continued.) 