Passenger, in Stateroom No. 33. CHAPTER VI. WHY MR. GREENWAY WAS IN A HUBRY Nick hastened to report these facts to Greenway. He had scarcely reached home when a 'caller arrived. \- His card was sent up to Nick. It was the card of Martin Bennett. Nick and the broker sat in the detec tive's study. The detective did not tell the other who had arrived, but simply gave directions that the gentleman should be shown up to that room. Greenway was greatly surprised when bis clerk walked in. Bennett, on the contrary, evidently knew that Greenway was there. He bowed cooly to the broker. His air was magnificent. One would have said that be was worth two millions at least. Nick smiled. He*was inclined to like this young fellow, though be was a bit too much of a swell, and full of a fan tastic boyish bride. "I have come here," said be," to tell you some facts which I withheld on tbe occasion of our last conversation." ' A very improper proceeding followed by a very proper one," said. Nick cord ially. *1 am glad to see you.' ' I believe that the unjust suspicions formerly directed against me, no longer exist,' said Bennett. 'They never did exist, in my mind,' responded Nick. 'To use a slang ex pression, you're too much struck on yourself to commit a Crime. Vanity, such as yours, is a good thing to keep a person straight.' Bennett blushed. ' I may give cause for what you say,' , he said. 'I suppose I am a bit of a dandy. Well, that's hardly to the point. I am here in another person's interest.' He glanced at Green way. The broker did not look agreeable. I don't think we have time to whaste on this boy,' be said. 11 acquit him of the robbery, but I have turned him out of my employ, and never want to sec him again.' ' I'm afraid you'll have to Mr. Green way,' said Bennett 'I'm not so easily got rid of.' I 'But this is business, Mr. Carter You've probably wondeted why Mr. Greenway was ib such a desperate burry j to get those bonds back. j 'I'm here to tell you, although it is not a very agreeable part of his personal his 1 *®ry. j * If it has anything to do with the case,'1 said Nick, 'I ought to hear it.' ' 'It^asn't,'exclaimed the broker, 'and; besides, it's all a lie. This boy is not to | be believed.' ' Let's give bim a hearing, anyway,' said the detective. .. And Bennett'got a hearing, in spite | of Orefcnway's protest 'The fact> are these,' said Bennett; ''Greenway is trustee of the estate of his niece,' Miss Charlotte Lorne. He has mismanaged the estate.' ' It's a liel' cried Greenway. | 'It's a fact,'said Bennett. 'These bonds are a part of that estate. I chanced to discover the wrong-doing of Mr. Greenway, and having some sense of justice, and also a deep personal in terest in the young lady, I ventured to remonstrate. 1 Mr. Greenway treated me very con temptuously at first, and threatened to discharge me from his employ. But he didn't do it, which was sufficient proof that my charges were true. 'I told him that unless the affairs of that estate were straigtened up I would get the young lady to demand an ac counting in the courts, and she would do it, too, if I said so. 4 He pooh-poohed, and finally said that he would run over the books of the estate with me. You see, he was afraid Of me. 'Well, he went over the accounts and tried to fool me at every turn, but I brought him ap sharp, and at last made him promise to straighten, things up before a certain day.' ' It was sheer blackmail,' cried Green way. 'This young monkey wants to marry the girl, and she's fool enough to .be willing. Of course be wantB her to tiave as much money as possible. . ' Naturally,' said Bennett, without losing bis temper, 'especially when the money is her own. Well, Mr. Carter, the long and short it is that I am con vinced that he has got her estate into a bad way, and I resolved that she must hpve an accounting. 'He got on to my plan, and made frantic efforts to replace the securities which he had wrongfully used. ' He bad to account for a hundred thousand dollars worth of those bonds and he hsd to buy then,. That was the easiest way ont of it, for he had denied to me that they bad ever been sold out of the estate by biro. 1 Now that accounting has got to be made, and very soon. So that's the reason why he's in so much of a hurry. 1 He passes for a very rich man, but in reality his private affairs are in a tangle, and there'il be a crash if be has to make good this amount to the Lome estate twice. ' In that crash she would probably lose money, So I want to see him get those bonds back.' ' And that's .why I'm here to tell my story to you, and to help you in every | way to recover the stolen property.' ' Mr. Carter,' said Greenway, recover ing from the collapse which the exposure had thrown him, what do you think of that story ? 'You see what this young man has lieen trying to do with me. Isn't it pro bable that he is in this scheme of the bond robbery for the purpose of ruining me ? ' It isn't true that the loss of these bonds would throw me into bankruptcy, but it is true that if I could not produce them on an order for an accounting of that estate, Miss Lome and this young fellow could make me settle at a large profit to them. It should be in a bad hole and should have to accept their terms. 'Such beir.g the fact, I say that it looks more than ever to me as if this fellow was concerned in that robbery.' ' What have you to say to that, Mr. Bennett ?' asked Nick. * I have nothing to say,' said Bennett, ' except that I shall probably sue Mr. Greenway for criminal libel if he keeps on.' ' Well, I guess there's no way to bring you two people to an agreement,' said Nick, ' unless it is to find those bond;, and that's what I'm going to do now. 1 And while I'm about it, Mr. Bennett, I'll ask ypu to remain in this house. You are not to leave it at all. Do you understand ?' 1 Do you mean that I'm a prisoner ?' exclaimed Bennett, flushing hotly, while the broker's face showed his satisfaction 1 ' Not at all,' said Nick ; you're simply acting under my advice. Does that satisfy you ?' 'I will do as you say,' responded Bennett quietly. Nick and Greenway immediately left the house, and went to consult the pri vate letterbox. There they found a note which, of course, must be from Sides. I It made an appointment with Mr. Greenway for that evening. He was ordered to get a saddle horse, and ride along a certain part of the bridle path in Central Park shortly after eight o'clock. 'This will have to be attended to,' said Nick. 'I consider it very impor tant.' At eight o'clock that evening Mr. Wil liam Sides, mounted on a first-rate horse and arrayed in a brand new disguise, might have been seen-if anybody had been watching on that portion of the bridle path mentioned in the note. But apparently nobody was watching. Chick seemed to hare relaxed all his vigilance. And the reader need not surmise that he was concealed behind any of the trees, ready to start at a moment's notice, and grab Mr. Sides' bridle rein. He wasn't there at all. Mr. Sides had the bridle path all to himself, at least in that particular part, for nearly ten minuter after the hour. He was beginning to be very impa tient when suddenly a horseman ap peared, and Mr. Sides put spurs to his steed. 'Good evening, Mr. Greenway,'said the gentlemanly crook, reining his burse just as he seemed in danger of running over the broker. ? Good-evening, sir,' was the response, in rather tremulous tones. It isn't pleasant to be alone in the wilds of Central Park at night with a man who is knows to be a thief and sus pected of being a murderer. My name is Jenkins, Hiram Jenkins,' said Sines. ' Of course that's a lie, but the remainder of my story is the truth. 'I'm going to begin by taking your word, Mr. Greenway, and then you must take mine. I First for yours. Have you come out here without detectives, police officers or other disreputable characters ? In short, is there any traps set for me ? Between men of honor a word will Aiffice.' 'There's no trap at all,' was the reply. JI want those bonds, and I don't care how I get them. If you stole tbem, all right It would be no satisfaction to see you in jail. What I want is the bonds.' ' Good. I take your word. Now for minie. . I didn't steal the bonds. I haven't I them now, and I never have had them, and I know who's got them now. ' Is that enough; can we make a trade ?' 'Your terms are too high. I can't raise sixty thousand dollars for you any more than I can pull up one of those trees. I might raise forty thousand dol lars, but it's too much.' . Suppose we split the difference, Mr. Greenway ? Among gentlemen it is the proper method of dealing. 'Suppose we say fifty thousand dol lars ? Fifty thousand and no questions asked ? How does it strike you ?' 4 No questions ? What do you mean by that ?' ' It is the usual formula in such cases. I mean that you won't try to gel me into quod.' II won't; but I want to know some thing about this matter first.' 'Sure; I'll tell you all about it. Of oourse you know where I'm staying ? ' I haven't the ghost of an idea. How should I ? Who the deuce are you, any way ?' 'Ah; it's true that I neglected to introduce myself except by a name which I confessed was not my own. ' Very good. I'm glad you dont know where I'm staying. My question was in tended to prove that matter. 'Your answer was sincere. I am a good judge of human nature, and I know that. 'Now, Mr. Greenway, here are the facts. I tried to steal those bonds. But hold on. Please repeat your promise that I am not to be arrested.' 'Willingly; so far as the robbery is concerned, you are safe even if you com mitted it, provided that you return the bonds. ' I have put Nick Carter on the case, and I can take him off. As to the murder on the Sound steamer, 1 can promise nothing.' ' It isn't necessary. I had nothing to do with it. 1 do not fear the fullest in vestigation. 'Of course, I do not want to be arrested, but I will take my chances, so far as the murder goes. ' As for the robbery, I suppose, from what the papers say, that that goes with the murt'er, but for certain reasons I wish to be, assured of safety regarding it. ' You have my assurance.' ' And how about Nick Carter ?' ' I have authority from him to promise you that you will not be molested regard the robbery,.if you will return the bonds. Here is his statement to that effect.' 'Thank you,' said Sides, taking the paper. ' I once had the pleasure of seeing the great detective's writing. It was, I remember, just before a little summer trip I made to Sing Sing; a charming seaside resort on the Hudson. ' Mr. Carter was the occasion of my going there. I remained another sum mer and two winters besides, but I cherish no ill-will. ' This is his writing, and his word is better than any other man's bond. I will speak freely. ' As I said before, I tried to get those bonds out of your safe. ' But I didn't get 'em. Why didn't I get 'em because they weren't there. 1 No, sir; they were not there, I don't think. Little Billy was too late. They had been swiped ahead of me.' ' You mean that you were one of the men who pretended to come to do the lettering; that you opened the s«fe and found the bonds gone ?* [ ' Exactly so, my friend. The bank | burglar works at night, and the cashier works in the daytime. That's why the cashier gets money enough to live well in Canada. He gets there first. The other fellow has to wait till after business hours. ' It was an inside job, Mr. Greenway, and an inside job is always the best.' ' You mean that the bonds were taken by somebody in my office ?' . Of course; if I got them, what am I here for ? They're negotiable. I could sell them for near their face value if I could get them. But I can't do it with out help, so I apply to you.' ' A.n inside job! This points to Martin Bennet.' ' I should say it did, Mr. Greenway. I should say it did.' To be Continued. 