"SAID THE BARBEB!" A Fiscal Fight. The Barber Knocked Out. , "Australian- E. tar" Speeial, Evidently there was trouble in what the barber is pleased to call his "tonsqrlal salon," He shuffled around as slow as a hobbleil slug, and . woro' the subdued look of a man who was ompipypu on a distasteful job, and more tnan half afraid he wouldn't be paid for his labour. The boy. "Chawles" was also unusually wide: awake, but - decidedly uneasy, for ho moved about with Ills back very carefully turned to the wall, as though ho had been recently sur prised -'by 'a' well-placed drop kick, and objec ted to a repetition of the performance. The "bit of bunting hoisted to celebrate Cronje's capturo had been taken down, the undeco- rated oat crouched In a corner, and a gloom as thick as a pair of winter blankets hung over all. The burly wharf-lahourer, who had previously declared he dreaded rats more than Boers, wa3 In the chair, and evidently felt the general depression, for he growled, "AVbt's up t'dhy, Guv'nor? You look as If you'd Just bumped' up agin a bloomln' boobonic ghost! Gen'rally you've got more cackle than a whole poultry ifarm, but t'day" you're as dumb as a bllod prawn. Why aJn't you squawking 'Pay, pay, pay,;, and gassin' about 'th' grand olo'land on which th' sun never sets'?" " By way of reply the barber pulled an omln- ousrlooklng piece of: blue paper out of his trousers pocket, poked It under his customer's nose,' and testily said, "D'ye know wot that his? Weil, hit's a tax-paper; one o' those things that reminds you that hlf I-Ilngland his tli' land lion which th' sun never sets, lilt's lialso th' land where the tax-gatherer never sleaps. HI ldon't hobject to a fair thing hin ,th' way liof taxes, but -erp's Mayor ' 'Arris coolly telllri' lius that becoz the Council lias boen muddled hinto a debt hot £120,000, hand his a-pilln'. hit hup hat th' rate hof £24,000 a year, .so lias to keep hup Sydney's repei- tauhin hof beiri' tli' dirtiest hand worst-ma naged Velty hin th 'world, th' ratepayers will have to be saddled with ' liextra taxation. Hisn't that monstris? I-Iisn't lilt hlnfamous? Iilsh't hit henough to make a man bang 'Is 'cud aglri th' Town 'All wall hand shout lias th'" Mayor hand haldormen file hin to lunch, (My blood be hupon your 'ends! Thus 'eroes dlei' " _ . "Oh, keep yer lialr on,'-' returned the party in the chair, with .some show of reasonable alarm, for the barber 'had struck a Henry V. attitude, arid was waving his razor in the air In so suggestive a style'thal even tho oat got up and walked out with q look that plainly aiiid, "This is no place for. me." '"Don't get excited," continued the custo mer. "If you object to taxes become a poor, man like me, then you'll have nothin' to pay at all." . . , . The barber chuckled sardonically at this advice, and said, "A fat lot you know liabout politics HI can see. Hit's you hand th' likes hof .you that'll be payin' for hoverytliing Boon, for' Sir 'Iclcs. Bench 'as made proposals for payin' holt tli" . big butcher's 'bill hof ' th' Transvaal, which, In plain Hlngllsh, means that Hlngland has been forced hinto Protec tion, hand hof course Premier Lyne will put that hup us a hcxcuoe for sneakln' hin Pro tection here'. 'Ang me lilf I know why Hlngland went to war hat all." "Well, B'welp me never, I like that," ex claimed the half-shaven Eon of toll, as lie sat up and stopped the lathering process. "You're one 0' those mugwumps that's never satisfied. First you howl for war, and then, when you find you may have to part 'with your fair share of the ox's' you howl agin It. ' "You reminds me of an ole yaller dorg a' swaggie gave me once when I was actln' as shearers' cook on th' Darlin". The fust night I locked that dorg up In an empty hut, and in th' mornln' I- seed that he'd gnawed a hole pooty near through th' bottom o' th' door a-tryin' to get out, so I thought to meself that If lie would rather sleep out than In I'd ac commodate him. AVell, next nlglit I locked him. out all night long, that derned dorg tore round ail' round th' hut, and howled and scratched and whined, and made the most in- furnli 'row.' you ever heard, and by next morn ln;. I hope I may never die If lie hadn't almost gnawed another hole a-tryin' to get In. That made me bllin' mad, so I lifted him a rod away with a kick, and shouted, 'You cussed four-legged" fool! Won't nuthin' satisfy you?' On tli' third night I left tli' hut door wide open, so that th' brute could please; himself about staylri' In or stayln' out, and strike me pink if that dodgasted dingo didn't sit on his tail "In the doorway, half In and -half out, and howl all night, wuss than an ole gin doln' a 'big cry" at a blackfeller's wake. There'll be heaps of fool-headed men like that dorg when tli; war's over." "That's hall very fine," said the barber ex-' eitedly; us. he banged the yarn-spinuer back in. the chah', and Spread a fresh coat of lather on his Jaws, "but you'll soon do a 'owl too, for although you won't get taxed direct to pay for the haritics hof Tcks Beach hand Mayor 'Arris, still you'll have to pay a. stiff whack hln.th' way hof Protection dooties." "Rats!" shouted the toiler; "it's only a , matter o' words, after all. It's th' ease oyer agen of the Jew who pointed to the roast pig arid said: 'Gimme a out o' that salmoiq' Eng lishmen already pay a heavy tax to support a navy to protect their supply of foreign food. You've got to have protection in some form or other, and I say give us Protection straight out, for It costs no more than Free-trade in the end; and it creates local Industries, and finds graft for thousands of workerB, while Free-trade takes it from them." "Rot, rot, rot," gabbled the barber, who was getting very red and flurried; "you don't hun- derstand th' pro bono publlcano side hof th' flBcal question hat all; lilt's too deep for your hlntelleotual»horgans — don't worry hover hit tao'r you'll get peraphosomosls hof th' brain." "Bosh!'.' returned the worker, quite un daunted by the battery or big words turned upon. him. "Why, we'd be all stone broke t'day only for th' Customs House duties, col lected In this so-called Free- trade country; there's a dozen Industries protected here now —and, listen to this— they're th' only indus tries that are thriving." "Next!" Bereamed the barber, as he flutter ed the shaving sheet in the air, evidently wishing he- could as easily shake off the. un answerable Protectionist arguments of the son of toll. ' 