" FATHER'S WILL1 ' HER OWN MISTRESS; A LOVE ROMANCE. riTAPTP.fi IV. TERRIBLE CHARGE. Mrs. Hartley looked blankly into the face of ihe tenant, "— " What do ytiu mean f" she faltered, brokenly, after a Jong pause. "Who is dead? What is thi matter?" . . And Notice more: the woman gasped fifwlli tltA iPrriMp stnrv. A bodv— the body of a woman young and fair bad been found in the Haitley grounds, stq'tie dead for hours. Who she was, and how she "dime there,/' were mysteries as yet unsolved. Rapidly the servant" related the awful dis covery. 'Mrs' Hartley's face became ghastly white. She sank into a seat and lifted one white, jewel- starred hand with an imperious gesture. "Stop! That is enough— a whole, whole chapter of honors. I will hear no more. Go 'Sftd attend to your duties. The woman obeyed in sullen silence, and when the door had closed behind her, Mrs. Hactly started to her feet and faced her daughter, white and trembling "V What shall we do ?" wringing her white hands wildly, " and where in the world is your father that he does not oeme to with the news, but leaves it to a servant to shatter my netves with the awful tale ? Ah ! there he is now, thank goodness! David," as Hartley, pale and agitated, entered the room and sank helplessly into the nearest seat, "for the love of heaven tell me what is wrong ? What has hap pened? Burton has been here with an awful tale, to which I refused to listen." David Hartley shook his head slowly. -« Ada, it ia true, all true," he re peated slowly. "Come and see for yourself." He indicated the grounds without She shrank back with a cry of terror. " No, dli, no! And yet perhaps 1 may be able to identify the body. If you think it advisable,' David " He opened the door. " I think that you had better come, and Blanche, and Myra also. An ominous daikness gathered over his face as that name passed his lips. " People will think it strange if you do not show some feeling." He had'touched the right chord in that cold, worldly hear!. She moved towards die door with swift footsteps, then halted and glanced back. " Where is that girl ? Where is Myra ? I have not seen her to Jay, David," glancing swiftly into his pale face. -'You must send her away. ' We can endure no more, Blanche and I. And now Hector has shown an inierest in her. Be saw her last night" David Hartley's face darkened vis ibly. He went over to the window and glanced out in search of the offender, but Myra was not there He turned away. And so the trio got out into the grounds together out to an unused building where, upon a long table, something was lying still oh, so still ! A group of pale, awe- stricken people were gathered round ; they fell baca tn: respectful silence as the master of the house entered, with the two shrinking, trembling women in bis wake. ".Sims?" " Yes, sir," The gardener stepped swiftly for ward. " Mrs. Hartley and Miss Blanche will look at the tody. Have you, or has anybody identified the tody, Sims?" Sims bowed his head deferentially, and. said 4 " Yes, rSir." He turned down the white sheet which covered the rigid face, and Mrs. Hartley and her daughter glanced fearfully towards it A fair, childish little face, wjm half-open blue eyes, a pretty face framed Jn, by yellow, hair, with a babyish tnouth, the white jips drawn -back' in a ghastly line from' the pearly teeth. Mrs. Hartley recoiled \- with astifted shriek. " Enid ?" she panted wildly. "Oh, Blanche, drinff- you see ? It is Enid Raynor. Poor little Enid who used to sew for us. , She lived in Myrtle Cottage with her, old father. Ob, how didihis happen?" \- She lumedbout and confronted i the gardener, standing near, pale and still. Sims bowed his head with a a? grim expression settling upon bis nigged -features." -' T "XX. thepijapswerthat ps, knows, ! ma'am, ffeVetunfej bitterly. " Some ; , of them fine chapslhal was here last i aigKMl abojitgt',: q "iSyfl do ySiT mean?" she de-i s toaMedJnaJiukfivhisper. . "Sims. flf ywlcnow drs uypcct abything come ||.-up 1 iand'tell me "If you please, ma am. It do sound bad for a seivant to tell tales on a gentleman as has been a-callin' here ; but the truth is the Ituih. I think I've done light, and I was afeared to tell mask r. And- " He hesitated a moment, and then drew from a capacious pocket some thing wrapped up in a pitce of news paper With hands that had treniblid in spite of him, he unrolled the paper and something fell upon the carpel at his feet. He slooi<eil and picked it up gingerly, half ftai.u'ly handling the thing, with a look of honor and aver sion upon his face. It was a pccket handkerchief, a gentleman's handker chief cif fine cambric wilh an elabuulc 'monogram in one comer haidly dis- tiriguishable now, howtvci, for the- whole handkerchief was saturated with blood. "'Twere found a-layiti' under the body, ma'am," he explained so'emnly. "You'll see theie is a monogram in the corner." Mrs. Hartley's eyes glanced at the dainty cmbioidcry, ar.d tell back with a low groan. Cculd it be possible? had she jumped too swiftly to a con clusion? For she tecognistd lilt- monogram. She had seen it beft ie upon note-paper and other ptisunul effects of its owner. The en bioidtrcd initials were " C. O'S ' "Sims" — she lifted her frightened eyes to the gardenci's troubled face — "do you know or have you any idea who was the owner of this handker chief? Do tou know any tiling o I this unfortunate occurrence?" Sims looked grave. " If you please" ma'am, I don't like to teil what little I know about it ; the law won't listen to what I suspect. But Enid was alters a fliity little thing — no harm in her, though — ar.d there's lots o' gentlemen as used to pay her compliments, and seemed to be in love with her All I've got to say- is this. I've been knowin' to the gal's being, friends with some o' the fine gentlemen, and I've told her many's the time that she was tvindin' a bad thread for herself. But, ma'am, when a woman is once sol in her ow n way and detaimincd upen a cettaiu couise — 'specially if there's a man in the case — there isn't no way o' steopin' htr ! She'll take no advice. And last night 1 seen her in the grounds these here very grounds — w ith a gentleman the owner o' this handkercher, t.o doubt. They was walkin' among tire irccs to gelher, and then went down to the fur end o' the grounds in company Thai's the last I saw o' them, ma'am, until 1 found poor little Enid this moinin' layjn' on her !ace in the grass, and the blood a-slandin' in a great purple pool all rouud Iter, and she storte dead. Heaven rest her soul !" Mrs.- Hartley was much moved, and then said ; " What is to be done ? have any steps been taken, Sims, m — tc " "Arrest him? Yes, ma'am. If you please, 1 didn't want to tell you aiore, and- master, he don't know a wcrd o' it yet, but I thought you all would blame me if 1 didn't give the alaun, and so I spoke to the ofiicer who came over from the city. He went back quickly, ma'am, and he had good luck in ctaking the party, and Mr. Chailie O'Sliea was arrested for the mur der! " "What?" There was a wild cry, and the sound of flying footsteps, and at the open window stood Myra, pale and wild- eyed, with a look upon her face Mrs. Hartley never for got " What do you mean ?" she gasped, brokenly. " Charlie— Mr. O'Sliea — arrested for murder of that giri ? You must bemad !" " The law will attend to all that," observed Mrs. Hartley, striving to be calm. " It is false 1 It is false !" moaned Myra, wringing her hands in mad des pair. Charlie O'Shea is the truest, noblest man in tne world I Aunt Ada, he shall be saved, if it lies within human power Great consternation reigned through out the city when the awlul news was told. Down in the Darliwghuist prison", Charlie O'Shea— pale and quiet— sat, waiting lor what was to come. Many of his triends visited him in his lonely- cell, and spoke woids of kindly friend- shipand good cheer. H is eyes danced a little wilh the old light, for he was full of hope, as he was conscious of his innocence. Myra moved about the house like a ghost. She had evidently made up Jier mind to keep her own coonsel, so she said little cor.cerni.ngCharlieO'Shea and the crime with which he was charged. Blanche watched her with sinister eyes. If ever a wemen hated another,. Blanche Hartley hated her criokin, and never lost an opportunity to stab her to the heart with bitter words. So - time slipped by, and the day- appointed for the trial .was at hand Then, came the scene in the court house. An immense crowd, of course Never before had the officials witnessed such a scene. Like a marble image Myra Hartley satin a retried corner, out of range ol curious observers, . and.. the trial com- mecced. It was not going to be a Jenglhy one, afterall.forthe witnesses wereleiv Old Sims testified to finding . ihe hudy at seven o'clock the morning after lhe ball at St. Elmo. The hand- Jcerchief Rearing Charlie O'Shea's well- jicnohdgram :%as Jjrbught into urt tiahd iridtmified bylhe prisoner Jjimselfi jOBhea ;; peisisted in': denying any acquaintance whatever j with the dead girl ; Enid Raynor was a stranger to htm, he declared. But circumstantial evidence was piled up mountain-high, and circumstantial evi dence has consigned men to the gallows before now. 1 And then, just at the moment when ( the case looked blackest for the pri soner a slender, black robed figure — a drooping, trembling Utile figure — stepped timidly into the witness box Like one in a dream, Chat lie O'Shea sat with his eyes riveted upon the childish face, white as drive- snow, and the gold-brown eyes so full of pathos. They ii ted themselves wilh a featless earnest ness. which somehow carried conviction with it. to" the grave face of the judge, and then swept beseechingly over the tweive men who held Chailie O'Shea's life in their hands. If you please Sir " Tlie swer t voice trembled so that it was scaicely audible. Then she caught a glimpse of a haughty, beautiful face in lire midst of a group of the prisoner's fiiviids — the proud, oainly face of the woman w ho had a ready been pointed out to her as Isabel Yarian, and at sight of that face with its calm, surprised ixpicsiien, Myra Hartley voice grew film and clear. 'If ;<.u please, sir," she repeated, " it could not have been Mr. Charlie O'Slua who did the awlul deed— i v,n if he were so bad — and 1 know that it is not possible, because the inquest and the trial both prove that the murder was coimnited at about midnight. And I was with Mr. O'Shea niysell at that hour, sir, and until a'ter one o'clcck." An awful, ominous silence settled down over the court-room. She stood still as the dead, and knew that she had i ting her own death-knell. Such a confession would sound bad, and she, innocent and good asshe was, knew that it won id be so. A niuimur ran through the court room — a low mi rn:ur which was quickly- subdued, as the judge, with a look ol intense surprise flashing over his calm, impassive features, turned to the white faced, trembling girl. "Do you comprehend -are you fully- aware of the impuTlance of wtiat you are saying, Miss Hartley ?" he asked, a little huskiuess creeping into his judical voice, in spite of himself Myra bowed her head foi an inslant, I the), up it tosc again with a haughty j little gtslure. I "1 undeistand, sir; I think 1 fully j realise what I am saying. I am upon my oath, your honour.'1 'l'he judge bit his sti rn lip to sup press a smile which was about to creep into existuice there. " Ate you aware," he continued, calmly, his eye still fixed upon her white, lily lace, "that ifthe prisoner can prove an ah hi he will be exonerated — set Irce ? Vim know the meaning of ' the wotd ah hi ?" It was My la's turn to smile now. " I do, y-out honour, alibi means elsewhere ; and if it «an be proved beyond a doubt that Charlie — Mr. O'Shea — was elsewhere at the time the awful deed »as cuuunitted, he will be exoueiatcd. But suppose he, being guiltlt ss all the time, should be unable i to prove an alibi, it would be a hotrible ; injustice to punish him '. Why, sir, i if I. e were to L-e < i nch tnncd to — to the gallows ' — stopping short to choke down the- lump in l.er throat which impeded j her utteiance — " it would be legalised niuidcr!'' j Tnc-re was a faint though speedily i suppressed hurst of applause front the | tutlher cottier of the crowded court- | loom. The- judge tried hard to look ! unconcerned, but somehow made a failure- ol it. " And do you realise, my child." said the judge, slowly, " that by your conlestiun you are compromising your self by " Charlie O'Shea started, pallid and trembling. " Your honour, 1 beg your pardon, but I must speak. This is terrible \ Do as you please with me, but, (or Heaven's sake, keep this young lady's name out of discussion. 1 would rather be executed lor a crime that 1 never committed than have her suffer in any way through nte." The judge motioned the prisoner to be seated, and Charlie sank back with a suppressed groan. His honour turned once more to Myra. " You understand me ?" he asked. The drooping golden head uplifted itself once more " I suppose I do," she faltered, brokenly ; " but you see, sir, I am only tellir.g the truih, and there is nothing to be ashamed of. 1 was not expected to appear at the ball at St. Elmo, Uncle Hartley's, for — for— my lather has not long been dead, and 1 do not care for gaiety in any way ; but Aunt Ada— Mrs Hartley — said that I might go into the grounds to see the illumination. So, about eleven o'clock — no, it was fifteen minutes past eleven, I remember, for I glanced at the clock upon the stairs as I came down — 1 went out into the grounds, and wandered away to where there were no lights, but the moon was shining brightly. 1 seated myself upon a rustic seat which stands under the big oak tree, and I had not long been there when Mr, Charlie O'chea came along. It might have been twenty minutes to twelve or there abouts when he came. He scented pleased to see me. We had meet before down at my old home in l'arra- malla ; so he sat down, and we talked and talked. Time went by, and we did not notice how late it was nil we heard the clock in the stable-yard in the; distance stt ike one. Mr. O'Shea looked at his wa ch in the moonlight, and it was just five minutes past one. i started up, quite frightened, for I knew that Aunt Hartley would be angry with lue if she knewthat l had remained so long Jn the grounds talking with Mr. O'Shea. So I bade him good-night, but he insisted upon walking up to tl e house with me. I atn glad now that he did, because Lean prove tbat lie neat straight into the drawing room, while I I hurried upstairs. My cousin, Mi» Blanche Hartley, was Ml the iia'l, and saw.me go up the stairs, and there are doubtless a dozen people who can testify that Mr. O'Shea entered the drawing-room at about the same time. As for compromising myself in any way, your honour, 1 am innocent ui any intentional harm. I have only told the truth. I did nothing wrong only in my disobedience of Aunt Hartley, for she did not wish me to mix wi h her guests, 'i t. at is all 1 have to say, sir. Please may 1 go now ?" The judge nodded acquiescence, the juryme-n glanced into each other's faces, the prisoner drew a long breath ol relief, It was all ovei — all over. 11 All the hopu. and the fear, and the longing ; Ul I ne ueep, dull pain and the awful Bijguiaii e.f p&iieut-e; !" Charlie O Shea was a free man, and Myra Uattley had niada htm so. The brief loi ma litres weie ended, ano Cnarlie leit the prisoners box. lie stepped into the court-loom .xonerated j — cleared iiom the awlul chaigc. Once there he was surrounded and con gratulated by his friends with eager delight, and greeted by his brolltci, Tristram, with effusive affection. But Charlie made his way straight thiough the crowd, looking neither to the rigut nor left. " Where is Myra Miss Haitley?" he asked eagerly. "I 'must see her — aud — and thank her ! God bless her noble heart I she has saved my life!" I But there is no trace of Myta to be I found. She had vanished from the j court-house, and as far as Charlie O'oliea could discover; she had dis appeared as though vhe earth had opened and swallowed her up. When Myra left the witness-box and made her way through the gaping crowd, she hastened to where the Hartley's were sitting in state. Sue expected to be received with silent re buke, to put itself into words when home was reached. But she was not prepared for the frigid glare ot silent contempt with which her aunt and cousin met her. Not a word or sign that they sympathised wilh her un pleasant predicament; only a swift, cold, freezing glance, and the pale, scornlul faces were speedily averted. Myra's heart bounded with angry re sentment. It was unjust, it was cruel; ; it was horrible for them to treat her thus in the presence of that gaping, curious crowd. Sne crept to David Hartleys side, and ventured to lay her hand upon Ins arm. Uncle David" in a low, faltering voice " 1 wish to " " Hush ! liuw- dare you attempt any excuses for your unpardonable con duct ? Go home ; go back to my house at once. You will find the ptiaelc-n outside; Brand will drive you home. Get out ol my sight beloie 1 do some thing in public which I may re- giet." " Uncle David, I will speak. I have done nothing wrong. 1 have only told the trctn. IVouid you have allowed Mr O Slica to die fur another's crime ? ' David Hartley shrugged his shoul- deis. " It is none ol my business and it should be none of yours. A woman's fiist duty is to httsell, to Keep i.er uwn tiuine pure and untarnished. Tntie may have been no real haim in , your /</< a kte Willi Mr O'Sliea, but it was unconvtniiui-al and not the cus loin in civilised society for a young laoy to indulge in conversation wjtii a yuung man in the grounds so late at itiglit. ' | "But Uncle David, Hiarche was walking with Mr (Jaiule alone in the gaidett lor licuis ; yet you and Aunt Ada seem to Hunk that all right. And j anyway 1 could not stand idly by and ! see an innocent man condemned to | death, or to a life-long imprisonment. I which is even worse than death, when i 1 knew that he was not guilty. 1 ; could not and would not I" "Are you going to obey me ? tin it I once; the L-airiage is waiting. Your I aunt and cousin will drive with me in the victoria. 1 will attend to your I case later on." Myra needed no urging. She had but one desire, that was to get away Itoni the couil-toom, fiont the crowd and its stat ir.g eyes fixed upon her as though trying lu read her thoughts. What ban she done mat was so strange and monstrous ? Merely told the ttuth; saved an innocent man front an ignominious death, or a death in life itnpiisonmeni. Her heart thrilled wildty at the thought ol his escape. She passed thiough the open door of the old court house and out into the iresli air, a glad feeling in Iter heart iliat she had been insnumenial in his release. She leund the phaeton with Bread in attendance, and was soon cut ol town and back at St Elnto. Right thiough the groups which I resscd abcui mm, Charlie O'Shea i,...cic his way, pausing only to lhaiik tl.e kindly syinpjilnseis, yet feeling all n e time that with all their sympathy ai.d gopd will not one of litem would have dune lor him what the young girt iSd done two hours before. " Where is she ?" he muttered, as he left the courthouse and glanced up the street. And then his eye fell upon a car- i.-jge, the lamily victoria of Mr David jiaiiley. W tn hurried footsteps he reached its side Mrs Hartley and Blanche were already seated, and upon re front seat Mr Hartley and Tristram O'Snea. Charlie fell back ipvolun- laii y, then suddenly advanced. Air Hartley," with a little tremor in his toiceas he field out his liana — 1 wi h to thank your niece for her i < Lie deed to-day. May 1 speak with hi i ?" To be Continued. J.i.gle: "Do Couicy Stnythe baaste tli.-n ire cau trace his aucestry hack lu th,. Nuniiaiia." Winkle : " Well, the Normans are tlt-aii, and tuey won't mind." 1 