CHAPTER III. A few davs after this, Mr. Sparrow was sitting in his office. Before him was a lona hill of costs which his clerk had fixed at twenty-five guineas. Mr. Spar- row, the rising young lawyer, was en- deavouring by a legal use of figures to raise the bill from the amount aforesaid to fifty guineas. SuddenK the squeaky voice of his of- fice boy announced Mr. Dumson. The subject of the announcement was a short, jovial-looking fellow who looked conten- ted enough with existence. He had been a college friend of Sparrow's, and as time rolled on their friendship had strengthened rather than lessened. "Well." said Dumson, after they had shaken hands, "What's the game now? You're about the most mysterious man I ever knew. You drop me a. post-card with about two words on it-one word summoning me from a place some hun- dreds of miles away, and the other wei l indicating that there's something funny in the air. Why in the name of Judas couldn't you write me a letter and give full details?" "Because, my dear fellow." repli*'! Sparrow, "T had not the slightest idea that vou were out of town. And I'd like to know what you were doing a hun- dred or two miles away, as you say you were." "I was away on my holidays." "M'»- note did not have the effect of curtailing them, I hope?" "Not at all, old fellow. Had you not written I should have been here all the same." "That's all right, then," said Sparrow. "Now to get to business. You know that little girl of mine?" whl so there's a girl in the business, is there? I thought as much. Yes, I know that little girl of yours-that is, if you mean old Gilderton's daughter." he added. "That's the identical one," said Spar- row. "Well, to be as brief as possible, we have been engaged for three or four years now, and although I am anxious to get married she apparently isn't. The little beggar-" "Seraph, you mean," interposed Dum- son. "Don't interrupt, please. The little seraph then (anything to please you) says she is ha^ny enough as she is, and although I have entreated her time after time to name the wedding day, she »s persistently consistent in declining to say anything definite." "Allow me to say," broke in Dumson, "that although I sympathise with you very much. I don't see what the affair has to do with me ?" "Wait," responded Sparrow. "You will see soon if you will not be so im- patient. The other night I was down at the Captain's house and somehow or other the conversation turned on ghosts. Annie said she didn't believe in them. I was about to side with her, when an idea struck me with considerable violence. So to keep the subject going I ¡started to tell them a ghostly experience of my own ; but unfortunately I had nothing but imagination to go on, and the re- sult was that I broke down. I tried to disguise my position by telling them that I would finish the story at some other time-'' "Hut you surely did not send for me to help you in a little thing like that?" "Not at all. Dave, my boy. Be pat- ient to tho end, which is not far off. Annie declared very emphatically that sh J would never believe in ghosts uni il she saw oiw. And she is so sure that such an experience will never come her way. that she Las promised to marry me within a week after a ghost comes under her actual notice. Do you ive now?" "les, I reckon I can," replied Dum son with a grin. "But what do you propose?" "My plan is this " said the lawyer. "You know old Gilderton has several orang- outangs. So far as 1 have seen they appear to be very tame and tract- able. Now it seems to me that one of those orangs, with a bit of judicious training, would make a very fair ghost. I can't train the thirg myself and so-" "And so you wish me to do it?" "Exactly so." "But why not let me play the ghost myse'f instead of all this trouble over the monkey?" "Oh, I should have explained that 'ie fore." said Sparrow "You see it's this way : Annie was a little bit cautious, and mentioned that she was not going to bc taken in by a real man or woman, such as ghosts generally turned out to be. I therefore think it better to make use of the monkey. Then ii' auything wrong and the trick is discovered I can claim my promise all the same; whereas, if you played the ghost and happened to be detected, my marriage, I think, would be as far off as ever." "Wei!, I'll do what I can," said Dum son. "At any rate the orang-outang business will be interesting. But how are you going to get hold of the ani- mal?" " There is no difficulty in that," re- plied Spariow. "They hang the key of the monkey cage on a nail under the ver- andah. The other night I borrowed the key without asking permission, and had a duplicate made. Here it is. I'll show you the place to-night. There is a hedge at the bottom of the captain's yard, and I want you to get the monkey to meander about close to that hedge and flourish hi6 arms a bit-just enough, you know, to make him look interesting. Of course there must be something white around him. There are a few spare sheets li: my bedroom, I think, and one of th>m would doubtless do well enough. What you will have to do will be to put the sheet on the ground in sight of the mon- key, walk deliberately to it, put it on, and then indulge in a few idiotic gesticu- lations. The monkey will become inter- ested, and in course of time you can give him a chance to mimic you. Christ- mas will be here in the course of another month, and by that time his mimicry must be perfect." "Trust to me," said Dumson, "and if I don't turn out a ghost worthy the oc- casion, you can punch me for an idiot." "That's settled, then." said Sparrow. "Now for dinner. I think we can fairly report progress." At midnight of the same day, when the Gildrrton household were asleep and a dreaming, Mr. Sparrow showed Mr. Dunison over the captain's garden, and Mr. Dunison, enveloped in a sheet "white as a rain-washed bone,'' danced his firsi instalment of the can-can before a small but select audience of orang-outangs. 