THE MESMERIST'S CRIME, PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. /' 73y *23. W. Warjeon, \ ? ILnthor of ' Xk# Great Porter Square Mystery,' 'Grif,' 'Tho Sacred Nugget,' Miriam Sozells,' 'A Fair Jewess,' 'The Golden Land,' 'The Betrayal of John Fordham,' bo., &o.; ! \-- COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XI. — ( Continued .) I ' It is comparatively harmless,' ho said, ' when taken as I direst, though its habitual use would certainly lead to injurious results.' 'A romark which appIicB to nil narcotics,' said Maubray. 'That is so, but in this drug there is special danger. Use It only when thero is imperative need for it, and keep it locked away, so that it shall not fall into tho hands of any other person than yourself. Its nature is absolutely deadly, and only the smallest dose can bo taken with safety.' ' I will keep it in a seoret drawer in this studio,' said Maubray, 'which no one can open but myself. Then there is another safe guard in tho label. 1 Deadly Poison ' which you havo properly affixed to the wrapper.' This conversation was taking placo in the Ruined Tower, and Maubray showed Dr. Weber tho secret drawer in which he deposited the powder. ' What would be the effect of a double dose?' Dr. Weber looked at him apprehensively. ' Do not be alarmed, I have no intention of mis-using it. The crisis is past and my mind is recovering its balance. In proof of which 1 have resolved to paint a new Marguerite, and am already eager to commence. I havo even selected my model, and have my canvas ready.' 'That will bo better than any medieino I can administer,' said Dr. Weber, hailing with delight this healthy symptom. ' Who is your model ?' ' Her name is Frida ; the daughter of a workman in the quarries. I was sitting at mv window hero, and sho passed along tho road. Beholding her, I was irresistibly re minded of Marguerite, and, as usual with all crazy enthusiasts was eager to set to work immediately. She comes to- morrow morn ing.' Ho spoke with animation, and Dr. Weber saw boforo him the old Maubray ho had wished to see. Maubray returned to tho theme of the drug. ' What would be tho effect if a double doso woro taken?' 'A man in perfect health would sleep for three or four days. One in feeblo health might never awake.' ? ? ' And a treble dose ?' ?' Would be fatal.' 'Instantly fatal?' 'No. Within the hour, I should think, In a doso so large thero would bo a curious variation. Instead of sending the man to * sleep, it would keep him awake, till death supervened.' 'A death of suffering ?' 'A perfectly painless death.' ' Would he lose the uso of his faculties?' 'Ho would retain them to tho last.' 'Then the death trance,' said Maubray, thoughtfully. ' It is fortunate that tho secret of this drug is known to few.' 'I believe it to bo known only to myself,' said Dr. Weber. 'Sly discovery of its effect was accidental. In its natural state it is comparatively harmless ; I prepare it in a * /certain way, and that is my secret. Only to jpu would I intrust so largo a quantity. You will be careful of it, Maubray.' 'Trust, mo. I will not mis-use it.' Hero the conversation ended, and next day Maubray began work on Ins famous picture of.Marguerito. The imago of Gabrielle was still in his mind, and ho thought of her con stantly, but the sharp pang inflicted by her death had passed away, and in its. place reigned a sad nnd tender memory. In their conversations Dr. Weber referred frequently to Valerie, and Maubray wrote to hor now more regularly and at greater length. Gradually and surely he re gained his us'ual serenity, and con templated recalling his daughter home at no distant date. Events hastened the fulfil ment of this intention. Madame Hartmanu's husband died and she was left a childless widow. Maubray seized the opportunity. He sent for Valerie, and invited his sister to take up her abode with him. She joyfully consented, and presently domestic happiness once more reigned in tho artist's home. No shadow fell upon the peace of Crow's Nest until Maubray intercepted the letter whioh Professor Fleury had sent to his daughter. Two months had passed since then, nnd all the efforts made by Maubray to discover the writer had failed. The picture of Gabrielle which he had painted hung upon . the wa' of his studio in the Ruined Tower. OHAPTER XII. A bracelet and some old laee from Madame Hartmann, ' AVith loving felicitations to my , dear nieeo Valerie'; a dainty watch, exquisitely enamelled, from Dr. Weber, ' 'With affectionate wisl 3s from an old friend'; a sot of flower vases from the servants in Crow's Nest, 'With dutiful respects to our young mistress ' ; a fan, upon each leaf of whioh was an allegory, a poetical fancy, or a Kcene from nature, painted by Bernard Maubray, 'To Valerie, with her father's love ' ; a bouquet of white and red roses tied with a ribbon on which was insoribed, 'From Maurice to Valerie'; these, with flowers and remembrances from humbler friends by whom sho was loved, lay about tho room, and on tho table by which Valerie was sitting on her twenty-third birthday. It was noon of a beautiful day in June, nnd all things contributed to tlio young girl's happi noss ; the soft breezo, tho dreamy clouds, tho ? rustling of tho -leaves, woro in harmony with Valerie's mood. Uneventful as hor lifo appeared to havo been, she had passed through a storm harder to boar because, like a mother protecting her young, she had taken its full force upon her shoulders; but this heart-trial was over, and peiice hold out his arms to her. Sho gazed at the gifts, and, moving about the room, ~ handled them gratefully and tendeVly ; in tho dumb memorials there was a spiritual lifo which spoke to her in loving accents, glorify ing hor natal day with affection worthily won and richly deserved. Gentlo and sweot to all who came in contact with her, recognising no differences in social rank as a claim upon tho meabure of her regard, no less merciful to tho poor than to Iho rich, it would havo been etrango indeed had eliu failed to win affection, for though thoro is much that is mean and time- serving in iho world, thero aro beneath this sordid crust sterling qualities which ring true when brought within tho influonce of such unselfish kindness, as Valerio showed lo high and low alike. The gifts by which sho was surrounded wero proofs of this. They wore the unsought re ward of tlio offorts of an unselfish nature ; they spuko of tho past and Tlio present, and tho bouquet of roses, emblem of tho future, »ang its silont song of lovo. Sinking into a chair, sho raised tho flowers to her Hps and kissed them, and with her closed oyes rosfing lightly on tlie leaves saw visions which stirred lor soul with a sacred joy. This was tho (pringtimo of her lifo ; the promise of summer ktis smiling upon hor. Thoro had been dark lays in tho past, days of sorrow and anguish ii which she had watched tho fading of a life iear to hor aud most dear to hor fathor, days inlightenod by a word of sympathy, and for IMne time thereafter olio had not known Jpwe ; but oa this happy day theso griefi fcrgoU«» in the reverie into which sh« had fallen, wherein was depicted in glowing colours tho realisation of a maidon's sweetost hopes. ..^Bernard Maubray entered the room while sRb was thus engaged, and so absorbed was she that she was not aware of his presence. Ho stood regarding her with a tender smile, divining her thoughts, and sympathetically recalling tho lime when ho himself indulged in dreams such as this dear child of his hoart was dreaming. His love for Valerie's mother and for Gabrielle had not faded from Jiis memory, but had merged itself into lovo for tho one being of his blood who was loft to him — a love as absorbing as that which tho young girl entertained for Maurice. 'Thus did I onee dream,' he thought. ' May she bo spared the shadows which fell upon my lifo !' Presently ho laid his hand upon her shoulder, and sho opened hor eyes and blushed ; but she did not lay the flowers asidop He had come from his studio in tho Ruined Tower, where, with Frida for model, ho had been engaged since breakfast on his new picture of Undine. His first words wero of Frida. ' Ihavo given hor an hour's rest,' ho said. ' If we overtire our models some thing is lost which it is hard to regain. Frida is a trea sure ; her capacity for expression is extra ordinary. These outwardly placid persons have strong hidden currents in them which opportunity brings to the surface.' 'Then you havo done well this morning?' said Valorio, slipping her hand into his as he took his seat at her side. 'Does tho artist ever do well?' here joined. ' Is ho ever satisfied ? Ho dreams of an ideal and paints it in fairy colours ; ho muses, he exults, he stands boforo his canvas and commences with fervour. To tho world he says, under his breath, ' I will show you a great work,' and to-day, when ho examines tho labours of yesterday, ho doubts, ho trembles, ho sits in scornful judgment upon his masterpiece, which ho finds after all but a bunding pieco of work. Well for him that his vain boast was not heard.' ' But it is always so with the artist,' said Valerie, kissing his hand. ' Yes, it is always so with him. The per formance never realises the dream. Then is ho haunted by mocking ghosts, then is ho tortured by fears of failure. Down from tho heights he topples in his own esteem, and finds himself but common clay. It is the just fato of tho pigmy who in a fino frenzy believed himself a giant.',, 'Maurice says that is the true artistic feeling. Wo are not competent to judge ourselves.' 'Are we not indeed?' ho said affec tionately. ' So Maurice has beon luring you into conversations upon art for the purpose of airing his views. It is always what Maurice' says — Maurice tho invincible, tho infallible, who issues his ultimatum and dares us to question it. Pray, who constituted him tho judge? What credentials has he? In what school has he learned to correctly gauge tho artistic sense, the artistic performance? How easy it is to be a critic ! Boys fresh from school presume to mar or make reputa tions, presume to say, 'Well done,' or stroking their beardless chins suggest improvements in shadow and outline. This is the world as it is to-day. I was not aware that Maurice was a painter, Valerie.' 'No father,' said Valerie, 'Maurice is not a painter but ? ' '?I will have no 'huts.' Do you not see that I am terribly in earnest i Is this great critic a painter?' 'No, father.' ' I thought as muoh. What is he, then!*' ' He is ? he is Maurice,' she said, with a smile. 'Now, where shall I find an argument to meet that lucid description of Maurice? It is unanswerable — eh ?' He took the bouquot from her hand. ' He sent you these flowers — I see the snake in the grass— his card — and on it, ' From Maurice.' Is there magic in theso simple words P ' From Maurice ! ' Ah, well, I must confess, I suppose. I had a let ter from Maurice this morning, and I won dered at his reason for writing to me.' She looked up shyly, lovingly, smilingly. ' Traitor ! You knew he had written P' 'Yes.' 'Ho wishes to speak to mo upon a matter which he declares is vital. Valerie, assist mo ; wo will enter into a conspiracy to defeat him. What is this vital matter he wisheR to discuss ?' ' Father !' '- 'Yes, child.' ^ ' What will you say to Maurice ?' ' What would you wish mo to say to him ? I am open to reason, Valerie.' Sho put her arms round his neck, and hid her faco on his breast. ' Which means that I must receive him courteously. I promise that. It is his doe — I acknowledge it. He is a man of honour, of good family, an honest, earnest gentleman. What more can a fathor desire when ttie happiness of a dear child is at stake t Is that, indeed, so, Valerie ?' ' Yes, father.' ' You lovo him ?' ' Devotedly. I would dio for him, and ho for me.' ' Yot I am bound to consider that ho comes to rob mo of a treasure more precious to mo than lifo itself. What can I do to protect myself ? Forbid him tho houso P Set spies upon tho publio road to warn mo of his approach ?' She smiled, having no fear ; it was sweot to listen to this pretence of disapproval, knowing, as sho did, that thoro was no sacrifice ho was not ready to make to ensure her happiness. 'Theso imperious lovers,' ho continued, ' after insidiously undermining tho strong hold, present themselves as conqueror*. Alexander himself could not bo more com manding. So confident are they that thay do not even draw their swords, but rushing upon you, cry 'Victory,' nnd order you to sur render. And wo do it. What other course is open to us when tho dear traitor in our house has stolen our arms, and opened the gates to the invader ?' His assumption of light humour, under which ho sought to con ceal his emotion, failed him here, and ho folded Valerio in his arms. '' You will not lose mo, father. You will gain another child. Maurice has no parents, and he loves and honours you. I should not bo your daughter if I proved ungrateful for all your goodnoss to me. Wo havo hidden nothing from you. I think you must havo seen ? ' ' Yes, I have seen, and I am afraid encouraged. What does your aunt say of Maurice?' ' Sho holds him in tho highest esteem.' 'And so do I. Ihavo studied him, arid I beliove him to bo a good man. If I did riot I would not give you to him. Dear child, bo happy.' He embraced her tenderly, and left her to meet Maurice Godefroy, whom ho &?;»? 'ris- ing tho lawn. CHAPTER XIII. G*asMngs exchanged, Bernard Mauhray led tho young lawyor to his studio in tho Ruined Tower ; a proceeding of good augury, for Valeria'* lover knew that uou* bat the artist's most intimate friends were admitleS there. Maurioo was not a nativo of Born ; ho was born and brought up in Paris, and upon iho advico of friends had selected the Swiss city as a promising field for ?the exorcise of his profession. Ho had had an uphill fight, and it was only after somo years of struggle that ho had succeeded in planting his foot firmly on the ladder. Through tho friondly offices of Dr. Weber, whoso good favour he had won, a complicated case bristling with difficulties hud beon placcd in his hands. Failure was predicted by all tho legal luminaries of Bern, and Maurice folt that failuro meant moro to him than tho mere losing of tho case. Ho had seen Valerio and loved her ; but Dr. Weber alono was ii!' tho secret of his attachment to Bernard Maubray's daughter. ' You will not bo in a position to present yourself as hor j lover,' said the kind doctor to tho ambitious young man, ' until you havo made a name for yourself. Now prove the mettle you arc made of. Here is a case which ninety-nine | lawyers out of a hundred would lose. Win it, and win Mademoiselle Valerie.' No greater incentive could be given. Day and night were devoted by '-lie young advocate to the study of tho ease, viul in tlio teeth ol immense odds and with a formidable array oi illustrious counsel against him, he had con ducted it to a triumphant issue. Talented, ambitious, and full of enthusiasm, he fell himself now justified in proffering his suif for Valerie's hand, and it was for this pur- pose ho had written to Bernard Maubray foi an interview on her birthday. Introduced to the family by Dr. Weber lit soon bccamo a favourito in Crow's Nest, and Jlhe progress of the love affair wai watched by Bernard Maubray with silcnl approval. But prepared as he was foritsnaturaJ development it was not without a pang thai ho contemplated surrendering his daught6r to another man's care. The last few months oj close association with her had proved to him that sho was worthy of the best he had to bestow. Ho was one of those men tc whom the bestowal of love brings the swoetost pleasures, and in common with all nobl- natures he found it a greater blessing to giv« than to receive. The sorrows of his past lifa wero chastened ; he did not, he could not, forget, but the violence of his grief had passed away. To this happier frame of mind Valerie had largely contributed. Considorato and thoughtful to an unusual dogree in a young girl, sho had so ministered to him as to revive all that was best in his nature, and at tho same time to implant in his heart a boundless love for her. There was in this a possible danger — a danger that, under certain not impossible conditions, it might lead to violent extremes. Had this boon pointed out to him ho would have listened with incredulous ears, but it was none tho less true that ho had become morbidly nervous for her safety. The growth of this feeling commenced upon the receipt of tho letter which had been addressed to her by an anonymous correspondent. Ho would wake up in the middle of tho night with tho thought in his mind, ' Is Valerio safe?' and he would steal from his room to listen at her door, and to walk softly through the house and often into the grounds in search of some hidden enemy. Tender and strong-minded as he was, there came into play a quality of intensity which caused him to insensibly magnify every incident or circumstance in relation to her. Given a knowledge or suspicion that her happiness was in peril, and that an enemy was really watching his oppor tunity to do her an ill turn, he would have so brooded upon it that it was likely the eveu balance of his brain would be disturbed and his usually clear judgment clouded. Thit partiality and disposition to morbid inclining sprang entirely from his personal affections ; in all other matters he was impartial an4 unbiassed. On two occasions a singular occurrence ha4 puzzled him. On the first occasion he was sitting up late, when all in the house had retired to rest. Fancying ho heard a sound without, he went into the grounds to ascertain the cause. He saw nothing, and heard nothing more to warrant the fancy, but he brooded upon it, and he did not go to bed till past midnight. Tho next day, as he was passing into the public road through the front, gate, he saw upon tha ground a small gold pencil, of which he recol* lected having inade'free use before he went t» his bedroom. Of this he was convinced, ani he could not understand how it could hava found its way to the spot upon which ha found it. On the second occasion tho introductory circumstances wero of a similar nature. Agai« he was sitting uplate when tho members of his household were in their beds. Again ha fancied he heard a sound outside the house. Ho stole to Valerio's door and heard her soft breathing. Sho slept with hoe door unlocked, and with a night-light burn ing. Softly opening the door, he saw thafl she was slumbering peacefully. Again ha went out, and could discover no cause for tha fancy. It was raining, and there was mu4 on the paths. He recollected, or thought be recollected, that upon his return to tho hous# he had exchanged his muddy shoes for a pair of slippers. Again he retired to rest after mid night. The next morning he noticed tlufi tho slippers he had worn, and which now lay on the bedroom floor, were covered with mud. He asked himself how the mud could hava got upon them, and he searched his memory whether he had worn them before ho went into the grounds. After a period of reflection ho decided that his memory must bo at fault, and that they must havo been on his feet when ho walked through tho grounds. Ha made no mention of these incidents, and, no further alarm occurring, he ceascd to troublo himself about them. Closeted now with Maurice, the^ young man explained tho purport of his visit, and in modest and , well- chosen words solicited Maubray's consent to his suit with Valerie. ' Certain worldly questions must be aske4 ?«d insured beforo I can give you a reply,' said Maubray. 'Thero is a material side to this matter. What can you offer ray daughter?' 'An honoured name, sir, arid the prospect of a prosperous future, whioh it is my dearest hope sho will share.' ' Nothing more ?' ' A love as devoted as it is in tfce natMa man to feel.' 'It should count for much,' said Bemaat Maubray. ' It is a sacred charge you ask afl mo.' ' I will bold it to. To make her hafgey shall be the object of my life.' Thoro was a pause beforo Bernard Maubrer spoke again. It was a promise ho himsej) had made in years goaa by, and whhi: with all his earnestness he had cudcavoarod to fulfil. ' As to year present means?' ' They aro not largo. I can malntaia B fewie in fair comfort. Our state will not fc« Inxui ious, but thero is tho future.' 'Yes, thoro is al ways the future. A nature such as Valerio's can be happy with* out luxury.' 'Then you consent, sir?' said Maurice, 'Not yot,' replied Maubray, smiling at* tho young man's eagerness. ' Youth is sari guino aud impetuous. Before money, boform lovo oven, stand honour' and integrity. I dc not say it, of you, nor do I suspect it, or wa should not now be diseussinga mattor dear ta mojis to you, but thore are men who offer a maiden the stale lees of a lifo of disrepute who hold what I deem saored in small esteem. Such unions breed misery. They may brinjj a gross pleasure to iho husband, but thitf bring a moral death to tho wife. In sud case marriage is not a blessing, but a curso.'f ' I entirely agree with you, sir.' 'Tell mo something of your past, Maurice.!' fro BB COXTI.VUKD.l MC- 6 Mrs. Dix : ' Isn't your mother very g!e4 you havo recovered from tho wheoptsi} cough f' Dick: ' 1 don't believe so, ina'm»( you can't think liow it arei-fd the baby.' OoloBi'I John Morgan, QlVjilayor of Brecon recently signified his intension of laying dotrr at Ms own cost plant fcl fie electric liglit:i» of ttw town. It u ^olhirfttffll that liiia trS practfcn% mean u tfjGi aS-C'SJWift, ? 