tales of the Weird and the Wohderful. , _ . > ' £row38snsj> »r erscun abeahobuest J ' r.;t . i. '' j,.- 1 By BI CHSIU) ISffj&RSH;, Author of "TheBeotlo: aMystery," " In Full Cry," "Frivolities," Tho Crime and tho Criminal," " Marvels and Mysteries," fto., Ac. oonrmonT.l , . ' A PACK OF BOARDS. ' COMPLETE IN TFiaEE INSTALKESTS. ' Faet H.—ICantiiuted.) OU conaumnmto scoundrel! Man 86 or demon, I Bhall be very mucb g tempted, iu half a minute, to jh throw you through the carriage window." » q'ry it," The fellow stood upright, lus arms to ms siues. Thercwas no appearance of bravado in his tone. Ho seemed completely at his ease. "'Touch mo ! Grasp me, if you can ! " I took up his challenge on the instant. Bnt scarcely hud I advanced a stop than I was compelled to tako refngo on the seat. He stood and watched me for a moment. Then ho came and touched mo. . His touoh was real enough, but I shrank from it with'a sense -of loathing which I am powerloss to put inH" words. - - , "See, I am quito real." Strangely enough, it was then that, for tho first time, I doubtod it. " It is only whon I wish it that I am a tiling of air." Bending ovor, he fixed bis bright eyes upon my fnco. His glance had on mo that paralysing effect which is popularly .supposed to be an .attribute .of certain members of tho serpent tribe. " Let mo teacli you the soorot of my cards ? " He held tho paok in front, of me — I knew lio hold it, although for tho llfo of mo I cotild not have removed my eyes from off liis face. So wo remainod in silence for somo moments. Then ho went on, his tono seeming to steal like some stupefying poison into my veins. "This is a groat day for mo. It is a day I liavo looked forward to over sincol — died. Ir. wns not an heroic death. To stab oneself with a common warder's common knifo, to bang oneself with a prison sheot from the bar of a broken window. Ono would not chooso a death liko that. And yet, if din one must, what matters it how one dies? Aud'timehas its revenges ! All tilings come to thoso that wait — at- last ! at lust ! After many days I've found a friend." " I tried to broatlio. I could not. Some thing seemed to ohnke mo. I was overcome by ti great weight of horror and disgnst. It seemed to stiilo inc. "Do you know whero wo are sitting, you and I? This enrriago is nn old familiar friend. It wns hero I shot John Osborn." "What!" ' The ssuso of loathing, even the senso of fear, with -which I heard him make, so cal lously, this hideous oonfession, gave mo strength to snap tho spell with which he had seemed to bind ino to the seat. I sprang from him with a cry. He was not in tho least disturbed. "Yes, it was in this very carriage. Some straugo fate has led us hither. Sec, he was seated there. " Ho pointed to the corner of tho carriage which was behind my back. Turn ing, I glanced over my shoulder with an irreprcssiblei shudder. "I almost think I see kiiu now. All, John Osborn, whore's your ghost ? Would it not bo a strange encounter were wo ghosts to meet? Ho was seated there. I was seated just in front of him, behind you on tho other side. There were four other men with us in tho carriage. I think I see them. Would that all we ghosts were met again, so that wo might react tlio seeno before your eyes ! I lmd won — ah ! what a sum I'd won. John Osborn's temper was a little warped. He lmd said a nasty thing or two. Ho did not lik9 to lose. I made au awkward pass with an ace of clubs. He caught me by tho wrist, crying, ' Got you, you th ief !' I looked round the curriago;' ..I saw that tho others were on his side. Thoy till had lost, you see. I replied, ' Roleaso my '. wrist.' "Not,' ho said, ' till you show me that card !' Take it !' I cried, and flung it in his fsce. I have not so sweet a temper as you, my friend. As I flung the card into . his face, with my other hand I drew a revolver, which it was my custom to carry, so that any little difficulties which might arise might bo settled without any unnecessary delay. I fired ut John Osborn. Someone struck up my wrist. I missed. I fired again. That timo the shot went home. It burst his eye.- I flattered myself that it had entered into what lie called his brain. Ho gavo just ono gasp, and dropped. I fancy that I hoar him gasDiug now. It seemed as though the passage ot' his throat was choked with blood. There was a fight. They all went for mo. I emptied my revolver. And then— then I was done." He paused, and smiled. I was coworcd at the other end of tlio carriage, oloss to the spot on which, according to his account, this hideous tragedy bud happened. ' And the chief actor was standing there iu front of mo, bringing back the scene so' that it all seemed to bo happening before iny very eyes. A wild desire flashed across my miud that an accident would happen, or that tlie train would go off the line, so that in somo way I might escape this num. "Seo here." Ho was holding tho pack of cards. Ho advanced toivurds me with tiiem in his hand. I would have opened tho door of tlio carriage and gut out upon the foot board, if I had dared' to turn. "As I fired, a few drops spurted from John Osborn's eye and fell upon a card. Seo, bore they aland as a record unto this duy." Ho held out to mo a card with this horrid memorial upon its buck. I tried to oloso iny cyos. But tho lius rebelled. I wus eom- pollcd to look. " I huvo often wondered where that first bullet went with ivliieh I missed. I was seated there. My wrist was struck up — so! I nevor heard t.liat it was found. It was not produced against mo at the trial. It must liavo gone iu this direotion. Dot us see." Ho begau at a particular place to prod tho cushioned back of the seat with the fingers of his right hand. I watched, as a man might bo supposed to watch with his mental ovo tlie horrors of a nightmare. At Inst ho gavo au exclamation. "Ob! What have wo here f" Actually, with his finger nnils, he com menced to pick a hole in the oushion. What an officer of the railway company would have thought of the proceedings is more than I cua say. I could but look on. With diabolical dexterity he tore u hole in tlio oushion, nnd into this hole ho inserted liis 'finger and thumb. With these lie jiropod about inside. When he withdrew them be held thein up. "You seo, my friend, that it is found. Tho missing bullot ! It is a little shapeless, bnt I know it well." He pressed it to his' lips. He advanced to me. "Tho first shot which I fired nt John Osborn. Take it and keep it. my friend, in memory of me." It wms a nice keopsnko to offer to a friend, Conceive a notorious murdoror returning to these shades and offering you as a token of his regurd and continuing esteem, the hat chet, any, wirh which tho deed was dono. "No," I gasped; "Not I." "Let me entreat you, my dear friend." 1 Ho pressed it on ine, as though it wore a gift of priceless worth. "I won't." . ' "Consider the interest wliioh attaohos to this thing. It is not much to look at, but a little lump of shapeloss lead, but consider the scene on. which it figured. O, my friend, it might huvo burst John Osborn's eye— I almost think it grazed his head." Tlio tram was sleekening. Thank the powers ! Jl thrust my arm through the win dow of the curriege, inteudiug to' grasp the handle of the door. Was I to have this reeking relio forced on mo by a ghost! Ho misunderstood my meaning. " Is it suioide you seek ?" "It — it's escape from you !" "Then let us go together." " How are wo to go together, if I am to got away front you P," "Ah, my friend, bpt that you cannot do;" " Cannot ! I at least can try.", " Remove your grosn from the handle of that door or . I styear teat I will not leave you, never for an instant night or day, till you, liko me, tire dead." He did not raise his -tones, but his eyes were strangely light. Thank heaven, tho train was slackening fast. In a few moments wo should reaoh n atation. Then— then wo should see. . He read my thoughts. 'I You think to escape mo when wu reach the station. . Bahf my friend, I shall dis appear, hut to return again." Still — wo should see. Tho tram stopped.; The platform was on tho opposito side. I mado a movement towards tho other door. Ho stood in tho' way. Unmistakably then he was flesh and blood enough. I could not pass unless I forced him to ono side. In my rage I grappled him. For an instant a. struggle Would liavo un doubtedly ensued. But ill tho very niok of timo tho opposito door was opened. . Othor passengers camo in. "Thank God !" -I oried. "Someone has como nt last." I turned to seo who tho newcomers were. They wore Messrs. Burchcll and Avmitage. In my surpriso I lost my presence of mind again. The stranger stood liko a figuroof Mopliistopheles,. aud smiled, at mor Ho addressed himself to my lute antagonists. " Well, gentlemen, . have you decided to mako it a oase for the polioe? I think, if you will bike - tho . advice of-.-an ' unprejudiced onlooker, you would bo wise if you did." This insolcnoe wiis'morb than I could stand. "Gentlemen," I dried, " this— this demon has confessed' to mo rhat it was ho who did it all." .1 looked nt Mr. Burcholl and his friend. They met" iny troubled glances with what seemed, in my confusion, to be a meaningless stare. Tho stranger still continued to regard me with his careless smile. . ; "lam afraid," he murmured, "thatyou're an old, old hand." What was I to say? How was I to rofuto his calumnies ? v "Gentlemen, you will understand what sort of character this person is, .-when I tell you that lio informs mo thut lie's a ghost." "A ghost!" The exclamation camo from Bnrohell, I was sure. ' " Ye.', a ghost. Ho tells mo that lie is Francis Farmer." "Not Francis Farmer." The stranger touched me on the arm. "You said that you wore Francis-Former." " But Francis Farmer's ghost. Tho differ ence is essential. You will do mo the favour to admit that I stuted that I was Francis Farmer's ghost. I was pre pared to stow you where the rope was passed about my throat nnd tho exact spot whero tho knife was tbriut into my breast." Was ho in jest ? His maimer was all the lime so calm thilt it was difficult to tell if he wus iu jest or earnest. "If you're not a ghost then you're a raving lunatic." " If I'm not a ghost." He stood close in front of me, wagging his forefinger in ray faoo. There was silence. For my jiart, I knew neither what to do nor say. At last, taking out my handkerchief, with it I wiped tho perspiration from my brow. " I think I'm going mad." As I uttered these words in a tono which, I do not doubt, sufficiently suggested tho con fusion which was paralysing my mental faculties, lhero' came a sound, very liko a titter from tho other e.id of tho carriage. I turned. Mr. Armitage was laughing. ' At first it seemed that he was endeavouring to restrain his mirth, but, as I continued to stare, it gathered forco uutilit become a. veri table roar. His example wus contagious. Suddenly Mr. Burehell burst into peals of merriment. And aireotly ' ho began the Menbistopheliun stranger, bending double, sank hack upon the seat, and indulged in laughter to such an immoderate extent that I really thought that there was immiueut dnnger that he would crock his sides. A s I gazed at this amazing spectacle I dare say that, from ouo point of view, which was not mine, tho expression of my i'neo was comical enough. Was I going off iny head ? Or had "fate destined mo to journey down to Brighton in the society of lunatics"? " Oh, man !" gasped Mr. Burehell, between his bursts of laughter, "don't look liko that, or I shell die !" I endeavoured, doubtless quite ineffectually, to assume au imposing uttitudc. "Perhaps, gentlemen, when you have quito finished,, you will condescend to favour mo with an explanation of this oxtraordiuarv scene." ' "If I'm not"" a ghost!" soreamed the Mepliistopiieiian stranger. And off tliey all went again. " Thorn may bo something comical in the present situation, and perhaps it is owing, to somo constitutfonal defect tlint I altogether fail to seo ir — but I don't!" "Oh, man !" Mr. Durehell gasped again, "doa't talk like that, (ir you wili kill mo." All at onco he rose and clapped me on the shoulder. "Why, don't you seo, it's ull a joke!" "A joke!" I sturod at liini. Could ho bo joking ? "Yeo, a practical juke, my boy!" " A practical joke'!" I fancy that I wus tho colour of a boiled beetroot. " Perhaps, Mr. Burehell, you will oxpltiiu what you mean by a practical joke." ' Why, wo three were outsido tlie door when tlio bobby was showing you tlio things at tho Yard, and wo heard him pitoh the yarn about Frunois Farmer and his onrds, and how tliey were haunted, und all tho vest of it, so wo thought we'd liavo .a game with you." " A game with mo ? Still I fail to under stand." " I'm a clerk at tho Yard, yon know." "Excuse me. but I do not know that you're nolorknt the Yard." "Well, Inm — in tho Criminal Investigation Department. Of courso thoy know mo, -and directly you wont out I walked in as' bold as brass and collared the curds." I remombered that some one hud gone' in ns wo euine out. " I arranged that Batainnn— this is Bate- man"— bo jerked his thumb towards tlie Mephistophelean stranger; that individual raised his hat, possibly to acknowledge tho introduction — "should shadow you. He was to play tho ghost. Wo liud; heard you toll tho hobby that you woro going down to Brighton by the 2.30 from Victoria, so wo "agreed that we would all go down togetbor, this happening to bo nn afternoon on which tho exigencies of tlio public sorvioe wore not too pressing, fro found you at tho station, standing outside tho carriage door. As I brushed past you on one side I slipped forty-seven cards into one pccket of your overcoat, and as Armita'ge brushed past 3'ou on the other sido ho slipped five curds into tlio other. I am a bit of a conjurer, and Armitago is a dab at all that kind of thing : so between us wo manipulated the cards so that you w'oro forced to win. And you won ! — sixty pounds!— until thoex- posure camo.off in style. I say. old-man, how aid the ghost go off?" The venerable Mr, Burehell turned to Mr. Batoman. For my part, not for the first time on that occasion, I felt too -bewildered to r k. The modest Mr. Bateman smoothed chin. . :, " I am'afraid that for' details of tho ghost I must refer you to Mr. ltankon. But I may mention that I discovered that thiB was tho actual carriage in whioh tho tragedy took place, and that there was a memorial of the viotim's fate on tho back of one of tho ourds. I also lighted on the idonticnl bullet which almost did tho deed. What tlie railway com pany will say about the diunago to their oushion is more tlian I oan guoss. It may. turn outito be'a couple of. pounds." . "Mr. Burehell, " 1 splattered— I was re- duced to suoh a condition that splattering was all I wus fit for—" I have only ono thing to say to you, since your idea of what con stitutes a joke seems , to. be so radically different to mine, and that is to'romind you that you hava been guilty of this'extrabrdinary behaviour towards an entire stranger." "Not an entire stranger !" " Yes, sir, an entire stranger !" ".But henceforth one whom 1 hops to be allowed to call n friend." Ho had the ussuranoe to offer mc, with an insinuating smile, his hand. I put my hands "behind my back. "There is ono other point,- Mr. Burehell. I won from you and your friend nearly £00. I returned it to you on an imputation being made of cheating.' I presume that imputa tion is now withdrawn !" " Of course. It wns oiily a joke.'' " Iu that oaso I must request you to repay me the amount I won !" Tho fellow looiod a little blank. "Isn't it rather a curious oase?" ; . "It is exactly on that account that I insist on your refniiding'whnt you obtained from mo by moans of what lookb'very like a subterfuge. I intend to present tho ninnnut, as a memorial of what you very rightly call' a curious caso, to tho - Homo for Lost Dogs." " A joko may be mado a littlo expensive," murmured Mr. Burehell, as ho counted out tho coin. "And tho laugh, after all, be on the othor aide," said Mr. Arinitaga. "Tho laugh," I answered, us I received my winnings, " is with tho curs!" . 'the end. 