REDUCFTON OF MEMBERS IN \- THE STATE PARLIAMENT. . Sir William Lyno has shirked the re sponsibility of introducing a measure for tho pu'-p.ve of reducing the number of members i.n tho State Parliament. Ho i knows the public demand it and he is doing his best to prevent them from having their way. Tho Sydney "Star" of Monday -tho 3rd. very plainly and forci bly places i-ho facts before the pub- lie, every word of which we endorse: Tho arguments of members who protest against any reduction in State Parlia ment are more intelligible than lonvinc- ing. It needs no ghost como from tho grave to tell us why and wherefore some j of those ardent patriots wax indignant, at the bare idea of such a thing. If their : legislative occupation were gone it would I be difficult in many instances to imagine I any other occupation half as rcmuoer- , ativo for which they would ho fit. lo ' .many, no doubt, who have found oho j way into Parliament since it was dceid- : ed that the hire of which the legislative ! labourer was to bo deemed won liy should i be £300 a year that " consideration " has not,. counted for much. But to a good ' many more it -is to be feared iluit it has , represented the be all, if not exactly tho ' em! all, of their aspiratiuns to servo their countrv To say Unit is not to raise any question as to 'lie right or wrong of pay ment of members. Any question of tlio sort would be superfluous at this time, of day.- The wholo of Australia is com mitted to tho system, and, perhaps, in deed, it is to be held as one from which there could have been no escape. Be this as-it may, it has its disadvantages, and ono of these is the introduction into 1 Parliament of not a few men who, whether they may he fit for polities or . not, havo certainly never shown their ability to earn a decent living at any thing else. This is the kind of legislative who scouts any proposal which aims at lessening the number of members in the local Piirliamont. But a change of such a natuio will have tc tako place, and that before very long. Not only would it he desirable to have the members con siderably reduced in number, but it might be just as well to does their sal aries at the same time. In the course ol .1 t. ...i I 1>n "O.. i<1 t < rvwtlt t tl UlUMKH I; UO'JIUU UM l UO x i i i'uhv j \ Electorates Distribution Bill on Satur- 1 ds.y some honourable members expressed ; tiiti opinion that the work which would j still remain to be done in the local Par liament after Federation had been in augurated would bo of a sort, which , would require tho attention of as many mom'oei s as are associated with it now This is a flight of imagination which will 1 net bo easily followed by many folk out- I side of Piirliamont who have taken tlio | trouble even to bestow a passing glance at tho list of subjects which will strictly ' be within the province o> the Federal ; Legislative. As everybody knows, there j aro no less than thirty- nine of such sub jects, and they comprise tho weightiest of tlio matters wit- ii which the State Legislatures have hitherto dealt. There will, indeed, bo plenty of important i business left in the hands of the local I Parliament. But there is no reason for i a moment to think that it could not bo j managed by a Legislature in New South i Wales far below its present dimensions. , j Seventy-five members should be quito I enough for that work. The further ques- , tion as to whether they should receive three hundred a year would also bear a good deal of consideration.-" 