THE CHURCHES. CONFIRMATION. "WHAT IS IT?'' =============== Tha Rev. R. Elliott, A K C., dealt specially with the above subject in an able sermon at St. James Church, Traralgon, on Sunday evening, basing his remarks on Acts 14-22, " Confirming the souls of the disciples." The rev. gentleman observed that the Bishop of Melbourne had communicated with him in regard to the holding of the rite of Confirmation. In the early part of the year he expected to be in Traralgon, and he wished confirmees to be presented to him. Under these circumstances classes would shortly be formed for instruction, and he (Mr Elliott) therefore thought it would be a good opportunity to address the congregation as to Confirmation and its uses. He would divide the subject under three heads :—1, What it is; 2, what use is it; and 3. why should they be confirmed. He first took THE HISTORICAL ASPECT, and explained that it was a custom amongst the ancient Jews, and even in the present day, that when a child had reached the age of 12 years he was taken before the synagogue to be examined, and if he passed that examination, he then made a solemn promise to keep the law of Moses: Afterwards he was known as the " Child of the Law," and was held responsible as a fully initiated member of all the rites and privileges of the congregation. After exemplifying the instance of our Saviour being taken to the temple for that purpose, Mr Elliott said there were Church historians who seemed to think the later rite of Confirmation was borrowed from this ceremony of the Jews. But he was inclined to think that they must give something more definite in regard to its origin than merely being founded upon the Jewish rite. What was THB MEANING of the word Confirmation ? It was a sacrament; and he understood a sacra- ment to be "an outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace." Some might ask was that statement in accordance with the 39 Articles of our Church, as Article 25 restricted somewhat the meaning of the five so-called sacraments of which confirmation was one. The restriction was only that they have not the same nature as the sacra- ments of Baptism and the Lord's Supper, for if they considered the matter a little more fully, it would be seen that it was none of the Church's doctrine that there were two sacraments only, but two only were generally necessary to salvation Having got this far, tbey must ask what was ITS ORIGIN ? Confirmation was founded upon the recorded acts of the Apostles. They read how that Philip the Deacon went down to Samaria and preached the word, and that the people received it with gladness; and when the apostles at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the Word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John, who when they were come down prayed for them, that they might receive the Holy Ghost, then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost (Acts 8-14-17). Also when St. Pau1 was brought in touch with certain of the Ephesian disciples, " he laid his hands on them and. the Holy Ghost came on them, and they spake with tongues and prophesied (Acts 19-17). In the Epistle to the Hebrews (6-2), they also found that the laying on of hands—i.e., Confirmation,— was one of the first principles of religion. They saw that Confirmation was accom- panied by miraculous gifts, but not so at tbe present time. They must not, however, use that as an argument that the rite was only of a temporary nature, for they found that prayer and preaching were also accompanied with miraculous manifestations, and yet there were never thought to be merely temporary ordinances. In the infant Church these visible effects were necssary to bring others to the faith, but when whole nations turned Christian, the necessity for them ceased, and therefore the Holy Ghost did not continue to empower us to work them. With regard to confirmation, tbe practice of THE EARLY CHURCH was to administer it immediately after baptism. The rite of anointing with tbe consecrated Chrism, which became a regular part, of tbe ordinance, assumed a greater prominence than even the imposition of hands, so tbat the ordinance itself was known as the "Unction " and the "Sealing." The use of the Chrism and the sign of the cross, as well as the time of administration, continues the same in the churches of the East to tbe present day. In the course of time, as adult baptism gave way to infant baptism, the rite of confirmation was separated from that of baptism, and the bishops were ordered by councils to travel the dioceses and confirm ; thus confirm- ation grew to be an important and separate rite. On the revision of the prayer book in 1552, many alterations , were made; among others was the sweeping away of the anointing oil and the sign of the cross, as much superstitious thought had been engendered by their use. It was also decided that confirmees most have arrived at the "age of discretion," which was a very wide term , but no age was mentioned, showing the wisdom of the revisers. To his (the preacher's) mind, it meant that the confirmees should be instructed in the Church Catechism, and be able to say the Creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the 10 Commandments; and those who could do so were eligible for the sacred rite. It was ordered that the bishop was to lay his hand (not hands) on each, and thus fulfilled a very ancient form of blessing, i.e. Jacob blesstng Joseph's sons, and Moses by express command of God blessing Joshua. The church taught that confirmation was A SOLEMN OPPORTUNITY for the baptised in then own name to confirm what their sponsors promised for them at their baptism,—1st, to re- nounce the devil and all his works. 2- To believe in the articles of the Christian faith. 3, To keep God's holy will and commandments. There were certain qualifications needed. The out- ward qualifications needed were—to have been baptised, to have arrived at the years of discretion, and to know the creed, the Lord's Prayer, and the ten commandments. So also were there inward qualifications needed,-- a desire for confirmation, belief in the Saviour as a personal One, repentance of the past, and a strong endeavor to keep God's holy law; Now as to the question WHAT WAS THE USE OF IT? Some might say it could not be proved that Christ ordained it, and therefore why did they press it with so much force. They might not be able to give verse and chapter, but they could not prove that Christ did not ordain it. It might have been one of those things which He taught His disciples when He was 40 days on earth teaching them things pertaining to the Kingdom of God. But they could prove it by all the force of their Church, which had authority to decree rites and ceremonies. As individuals and Christians they had A THREE-FOLD DUTY to perform-—to God, to man, and to themselves; and be maintained that confirmation helped in the discbarge of all those duties. Sometimes they were apt to think they were very good, and very much better than they really were, but on self-examination was there not a knowiedge tbat they were not all that they should be, and that they knew they had shortcomings? He believed confirmation was in this respect a wonderful help to bring them to their bearings. When they thought quietly of the time when tbey made a public declaration of Christian service, how their shortcomings crowded into their minds, and they seemed to reaiize the badge that was put upon them, as they were enrolled under the banner of Christ. When those thoughts came to them, it did not help them to keep from doing some things which would stain the garments of their Christian faith ? Then, again, WHY SHOULD THEY THEY BE CON- FIRMED ? As they entered upon life's duties he believed confirmation was a great help, the very preparation could not be carried out without profit, the performance of duty could not be discharged without God's blessing resting upon those who discharged it sincerely, and as the Bishop and the assembled congregation prayed for the descent of the Holy Spirit, so we believe according to our faith, so does He take possession of our souls. He (the preacher) could not close without saying, that he knew there were some who had been confirmed, who had stood up and made their solemn promises before God and had broken them, -they had forsaken their Church despised her sacrements, and stood as beacons before the people, but bad ones, Those were the enemies of the Cross, like those of old who caused the Apostle Paul to weep bitterly. The rev. gentlemen con- cluded with an earnest exhortation to remember their great responsibilities, that God was their helper and keeper, and would give them grace to shine brightly as faithful servants of .the church if they devoutly sought that help. 