A MAN AND A GENTLEMAN, BY RICHARD MARSH. Author ot "The Beetle," "A Mvstcrv," "The Dachet Diamonds," "The Crime and the Criminals," etc., ete. CHAPTER XXTX.— (Continued.) "I thank you, my lord; I am aware of what are my legal obligations, and 1 will admit that I would not say what I am about to say, had it not become necessary to do so, if an innocent man is to be saved from the gallows. When I arrived at Embankment Chambers I found no one in the entrance hall." "What time was that?" "I should imagine about ten o'clock.1' "The hall porter has sworn that he never left his post." i lound 110 one there. Hail J done so I take it that such a figure as I presented would have been questioned, if not refused admission. Shapcott had trld me that his number was 212. I went straight up the stairs in search of it; to discover that I had set myself by no means an easy task. I wandered in ail directions, up and down one corridor after another "' "Without meeting anyone?" "Without meeting anyone. -At last I found 212. Howard Shapcott's noma wjts painted on the panel. I dideefSLknork- | I turned the handle, open and walked in." lie paused for a momfetif. Some of those who were listening advantage of the oppo\u»jty to ' draw breath. ' "Shapcott was seated at a w&iilgililei;,. As I entered he rose to greet mdWheW 1 he saw that it was I, moving quickly past me he locked the door." "It was he. then, who locked the door on the inside?" "It was. He said as he did so, 'Since you have favored me with this visit, we will secure ourselves from interruption.' I think that if I had known what he in tended to do I should have prevented him; but his rapidity of movement took me aback." Blaise Polhurston paused again as if to arrange his thoughts. "I find it difficult to narate clearly what took place between us; to place events in iheir exact, sequence. I have endeavored often' to do so, to myself, but never to my satisfaction. I can only tell you the tale as L remember it. I saw at once that he was in a malicious mood- full of the old hatred for me, which feel ing I returned in kind. "But I was in extremity — cold, wet, hungry, footsore, penniless, in rags; and the memory of the plight of the one 1 had left at home was tearing at my heart strings, and made of me a coward. He was a prosperous gentleman, with the bail at his feet, at his case, well fed — he told mo he had been dining like a prince and drinking like a king. His tongue was like a rapier; mine never had been a match for his. then it was Jess so than ever. He ran me through and through; pricked me where he pleased; sought out my raws and galled them; while so ab- ject was my condition that I was incap able of even attempting to return the blows he rained on me. The apathy with which I took my punishment did not pro. vide him with sufficient entertainment. He made an effort to rouse me to resent ment; so he began to make sport of a great wrong which he had done me in the days of my youth, and his, and for which, at the time, I could have killed him — and would have, if I had had the chance. The villain!" For the first time the speaker showed a trace of passion. The epithet, though he still spoke quietly, was uttered with a sincerity which seemed to make it strike his hearers in the face. "He threw his wickedness at me, by way of a gibe, like the scoundrel that he was; fcr he was a scoundrel, I say it though he is dead; if I meet him in the shades I will say it to his ghost. I felt something in the pocket of my coat. It was the revolver which I had taken from the mantelshelf. I took it out and showed it to him, and asked him how he dared to speak to me like that when, if I chose, at any moment I could shoot him like a dog. He laughed, exclaiming that he was quite easy in his mind, since that sort of thing was not in my way, or I should have done it long ago; which in a sense was true enough. "I found that, after all, I could not ask for the charity, the desperate hope of which had brought me to him. I felt that, if I did ask. it would be refused. But I could not ask. And since the jeering hideous allusion to the evil, which I and others had suffered at his hands, had served to stir even my sodden pulses, I turned to leave the room. "But he would not have it. From his point, perhaps, the sport had only, just commenced. He saw plenty-more of It to follow. His appetite was whetted, he would not have it baulked. As I turned he sprang forward, caught me by the shouider, swung me round. That picture is ever before me. I see him moving towards me, gripping my right shoulder, swinging me round. The x-est Is dark. That Is all that I remember." .."What do you mean by saying that that is all you remember? Though, mind, you are under no obligation to utter another word. What you do say will be said voluntarily, after being duly warned iliat, for you, the consequences may be most serious. I want you to understand that quite distinctly." "I do understand. 1 do not speak without consideration." "Very good. So long as you properly appreciate your responsibility for your own words. Now, have you anything further which you wish to say?" "I have. At this point in my mental consciousness there seems to have super vened an interregnum — a hiatus, which X have endeavored again and again to fill. The next thing which I remember is that I awoke out of what appeared to#be a state of torpor, to find myself lying on the floor of what seemed to be a strange room. It was only after I had labori ously gained my foot that I realised that the room was Shapcott's. My brain was in confusion. 1 was giddy — objects were whirling round before my eyes; my limbs were trembling — I had to lean against the table to keep myself upright; 1 clearly re call how the sharp corner 01" the table penetrated the palm of my hand. Many moments must have elapsed before I was able to even remotely appreciate the true inwardness of my position. "As my vision, mental and physical, grew clearer, I perceived that, imme- diately in front of me, something was lying on the floor. 1 had been dimly wondering what had become of Shap cott: here he was upon the floor. I won dered what he was doing there. 'Shap- ooLt'.' I said. 'Shapcott'.' He did not answer. Shapcott'.' I repeated; Why don't you speak to me? What is the matter?' "Again 110 reply. His continued silencj began to impress even my blurred com- jxrehension as ominous. Endeavoring to itSHecl my thoughts, I regarded him with £&r;£rattention, and was struck by the rWflij X of his attitude, his complete rtjuitctV.ce, despite the uncomfortable pos- Uuj/erirt which he lay, and the fashion .kArJjjfch his hmbs were twisted. I bent 'OTtim. I touched him. He was dead. JpvVlien I realised that this was so, I asked myself, in my surprise ana my bewilderment, how the thing had come about. The only explanation which either then or since I have been able to supply, I offer you. All my life I have been subject to an affection of the heart, which has caused me on many occasions, generally at moments of unusual excite ment, suddenly without the slightest warning, to become completely uncon scious. I have continued, sometimes for hours together, to be like one dead. I can only conjecture that, when Shapcott gripped me by the shoulder, I was seized by one of these attacks; that I fell; that in falling, the revolver which I was hold ing in my hand was fired, and that its discharge killed him on the spot. Whether the responsibility for this was h"s or mine, I have been unable to finally decide; it seems to me that it must have been purely accidental. "I think it possible that your lordship may consider that, the facts being as I have narrated them, I ought to have gone straightway and proclaimed them to the first person I might meet. That also may be the opinion of the gentlemen of the jury. I did not do so.. In the first place, although consciously I had had no hand in killing Howard Shapcott, I did not regret that he was dead. Nor have I regretted it since. In the second place, I had cut myself adrift from my family; I had been parted from them for years; I had sunk lower and lower in the social scale. I did not propose, if I could neip it, to allow the fact of my continued ex istence to be brought to their notice. In the third place, the story which I had to tell was a srange one— as you will have perceived. It quite probably would not have been credited. I did not choose subject myEelf to the personal in<.- venience to which, in any case, its telling would have subjected me. And, in the last place, there was someone lying at home, who, quite probably, would die, if I did not hasten back with succor. "Some coins were lying on the floor. They had probably fallen from Shapcott's pocket. I do not know what was the exact amount, but, whatever it was, I snatched them up. A ring and bracelet also lay close by him. I took them too. Opening one of the French windows, I saw that there was a balcony without. Stepping on to it, I pulled the window to - behind me. Moving along the balcony I found that at the window of the next room the blind was up. Just inside, a man with a black beard was standing, his face against the pane I felt that he must have seen nie as I passed. I was seized with a panic of terror, I rushed frantically on. At the end of the balcony was a waste-water pipe, fastened to the ; wall. By its aid I descended to the ground. I am no athlete. I have sur veyed the scene since, and its has strongly, been borne In upon me that the most mys terious part of the night's proceedings is how. by the employment of such means. I could have safely reached the ground. "Nothing which I have said has been offered in extenuation of my conduct. I have no wish to excuse myself. As clear ly and briefly as I couia I have laid before you the facts of the matter as they are known to me. Up to now they have been known to me only. I should have con tinued to keep my own confidence had it not been for the verdict of the jury on Robert Foster. It has not been part ot . my Intention to allow him to suffer for a ;rim> which was no crime, and of which he, in any case, was wholly and com pletely Innocent. That, my lord and gen tlemen of the jury, is all I have to lay before you." The silence which followed the speaker's words was broken by the sound of a feminine voice. A door was thrown open; 1 woman came hastening into the court. "Gentleman! Gentleman!" she cried, "I heard you speaking! I knew it was you!" Before anyone could stop her, she had pushed her way through the people to where Blaise Polhurston stood. It was Pollie Hills. He turned, as she came, and took her in his arms, before them all. "Pollie! 'We meet at Phiiippil' " Although it was unlikely that she gathered his exact import, it was plain that her guess came pretty near to it. Her tone was tremulous. "What are you doing here? You haven't been telling them anything?" "Yes, Pollie, I have. I've told them everything— the whole strange story!" "Gentleman; Gentleman!" The usher's voice was heard. "Silence! Order there!" The Judge leaned over the bench. "What is the meaning of these extra ordinary proceedings ? Take that woman away!" Pollie turned and screamed at him. "You touch me! You let anyone so much as lay a hand on me! You let 'enx dare!" "Look put!" exclaimed a voice. "He's going to fall." The allusion was to Blaise Polhurston, who did fall. Pollie caught him in her arms. She looked at him with a blend of amazement, horror, fear. "Gentleman!" she gasped. "What's wrong?" There was nothing wrong. He was only- dead. That affection of the heart of which he had been telling them had visit ed him for the last time. CHAPTER XXX. — THE TESTAMEN TARY DISPOSITIONS OF A GEN TLEMAN OF FORTUNE, It was found that Blaise Polhurston had left a will, which had been made on the day he had left Polhurston — the Satur day preceding that eventful Monday. The circumstances unler which the document had come into being were clearly stated — in the expectation that Robert Foster would be found guilty, and that, therefore he, the testator, would be constrained to take certain steps which might, quite pos sibly, result in his own demise. The steps had been taken, death had followed; ex pectation had been realised to the full. That he had foreseen that the end would come in "the actual form it did was not certain, but it was probable; for it was shown that he had visited a physician who, perceiving that the shears were al ready nearly closed upon the thread of his life, had told him frankly that its severance was close at hand. rivenunureu puunus were mil 10 xt curat Foster, "whom I have unintentionally in jured." A thousand were bequeathed to Pollie Hills, "the truest friend that ever a man had." A set of diamond ornaments to "my niece, Dolly Hamilton." These were found to have been purchased on the day on which the will was dated, and were discovered in an enclosure which was en dorsed, "For my niece, Dolly, in fulfil ment of a promise." The residue of all that he had went to Helen Fowler, "the daughter of the woman for whom I have esteemed my life well lost." - The provi sion was safe-guarded to the hest of his ability, Henry. Baynes being named as guardian, and as sole executor. The will contained no mention of either his mother or his sister. On the morning after the receipt of the news of her son's decease, Mrs Polhui-ston was found dead in bed. She, also, had died from heart's failui-e. Mrs Hamilton is, at present, in sole possession of the family estates. Her daughter, Dolly, is "ty "he wife of that "rising" young barrister. Armitage, whose name, it is whis pered, will be included in the next batch of "silks." Pollie Hills is Mrs Robert Foster. In view of the way in which her false witness brought Robert Foster to the very foot of the gallows, the match seems a curious one; but human nature is curious, seldom logical. It is certain that he forgave her even for her attempt against his life; it is possible- that she was moved by liis cap acity for forgiveness even more than by 1-iJc IrtFC it- ic cmpo Ehai f Itntr v. , auta JUUILU lDiLCt?, his five hundred to hex- thousand, and that now, as man and wife, they are joint pro prietors of three or four flourishing estab lishments for the sale of fruit and vege tables. With them romance has been merged in actuality; it is probable that already they are nearly oblivious of the fact that, for them, there ever was a period of "storm and stress." The mists of romance still envelop Helen Fowlei". After such a beginning, who can say what is likely to be her end? We may at least hope that she is destined for a happier fate than her mother. She is still young, her beauty grows greater, she has wealth; for such an one what radiant good fortune may the future not have in store! And Blaise Polhurston is at peace. After life's fitful fever, he sleeps well." Rest assured. The End. 