CHAPTER XXVII. THE T It UTIL TOLD true to her promise, uaoty jciamu went the next- day to see her protege, if siieh Ja*e Celfias ceuld he ealled; Iaud she continued her visits to her ns long ns sho was an invalid, always I carrying licr some little delicacy in the way of fruit, flowers, jellies, etc., and was herself so gracious and winning and sympathetic that the woman caino to long and watch eagerly for her coming. Ono day sho went to her a littlu earlier than usual, taking as her offer ing somo great, luscious oranges. Sho had already carried her all kinds of fruit, but this afternoon sho had seen these unusually fine ones, and their fair, golden beauty had tempted her to buy them more than anything else. As sho passed the basket to Jane upon her entrance to her room, she took one, and, after looking at it a moment, said, with a sigh: l'I never see an orange, my leddy, but I think of a poor, young thing, sick , and friendless, who 1 took earo of in 1 Madrid last summer.” I “Madrid?” exclaimed Lady Elaine, her heart leaping into her throat at tho name. “Were you in Madrid last summer?” “Yes, my leddy, and my heart aches overv time I think of that poor dear, for I had to leave her before she began to mend in that- heathen country, and sho couldn't speak a word of their gib berish. I’d give much to know that sho got well, and is all right again.” "Was she English?” Lady Elaiuo asked, much interested, and with a littlo nervous tremor. “That sho was, and just a sweet littlo body, too; but sho wero dreadful sick, and 'used to beg for oranges liko a thirsty child for water. Many’s tho ono I’vo held to her mouth and squeezed tho cool juice between her burnin’ lips. She was such a young tiling, too, to bo neglected by her wretch of'a hus band!” “Husband! What! was she married? —and neglected when sho was ill?” cried Lady, Elaine, beginning to lose colour at this point of tho story. “Yes, leddy. It's a sad story. Tho pretty child left England a bndo and went travellin’ from plaoo to place with her husband, who seemed to have a, grudge against her for sometliiug, and wouldn’t let her go homo, though sho olten begged him to take her back. When they got- to Madrid tlicir money gave out entirely, and he couldn’t pay iiioir bill-. Then he got reckless, and didn't care, and ho wou.dn’t work nor try to support her. She didn’t tell mo alt this, yer leddyship; 1 found out a good deal when sho was.ravin’ with tho lever. When she found that his money was gone, sho said sho couldn’t live so, and if ho wouklu’t work to take wire of her, sho must do something to support herself, (so sho went away lrorn him into cheaper lodgiugs, anu went to thawin' and paintin' pictures to earn tlio bread sho ato. She had somo money that her aunt gave her lor a vendin' present, but sho wero savin’ it to pay iier passage bach to England as soon as siio could find someone to go with; and ono day, when sue went to see tho con sul to get him to put her in somebody’s care, a thief broke into her room and stole all her jewels and money. The shock and a sudden cold that she took threw her into a dreadful fever, and she was at tho sickest when I had to leavo her.’’ "That was hard. But how did you happen to bo with her at all?” ashed iicr listener. "Well, ye .see, John and I've been seafaring people all our lives. He’s worked up from a com in on sailor to mate, and I’ve always gone along with him as stewardess. This time wo flailed aboard the ltockct, bound from London to Valencia for fruits, and just beloro we entered port at Valencia, on this voyage, John saved the cap’us life, and so, wlion we landed, he told us we should have a holiday, and go whero wo .iked while the vessel was being loaded .up. ■ We thought we'd liko to travel iioout a bit, and wo went up to Madrid lor it look at the city, and ono day we thought we’d go and pay our respects to tho English consul. While wo wore waitin’ to see him this pretty young thing conies into the. vaitiu’-rooui and sets right down in front- of us. I was that startled when 1 see her that I thought my heart would jump out of my mouth, lor she was tho perfect imago of a beautiful leddy that we picked up at sea once. Sho and her husband had been shipwrecked coming homo from India, and they had lost tlioir baby—‘Baby Allie,’ the poor mother called her, with such heart breaking moans that they liavo rung in my ears over since.” "Oh! who were they?” Lady Elaiuo cried, with almost breathless eagerness, “Ah! loddy, I can’t toll ye; but this young girl looked so exactly liko the beautiful leddy that John and I foil to talking about it, and sho heard us. She turned as white as a ghost as sho looked around at us and asked us would we please tell her who we were talking about, for she had been lost coming home from India during a shipwreck, and there was somo puzzle about her parents and who she wero.” “It is Arley—sho is tolling me about Arley!” Lady Elaino cried to liorself, her. teeth almost chattering from ner vous excitement. Sho had half-suspec ted it before—now sho was sure. But sho restrained her impulse to speak of it, and listened eagerly while Jane went on with her story. “We told her,” she said, "that we could not tell her who tho leddy and gentleman were, for we were so busy tendin’ to their wants and needs we never thought to ask; but probably the captain knew, and would toll her, if sho could find him. She sighed and looked disappointed, but said it was ‘a clow,’ and might help her some time. Sho seemed ’mazin’ glad t-o find wo wore English,'and asked wero wo goin’ back to England soon. We told-her yes, m a little moro’n li. week.- Then she said, ‘Would wo let her go along with us?’ “John was mighty taken with her, for she wero jest about the sweetest spoken, prettiest littlo thing we’d ever seen, and ho said he’d try to fix, it, if. she’d be willin’ to go in a sailin’ vessel. She told him, so eager and wistful, that, she’d go any way to get home jonco, more..---Then we agreed that! we’d go and- balk more about’..it with her tho next day, but when we got thore, I‘ found her ravin’ with tho fever, and more likely to go into her coffin than back, to England. I saw that- tlio sick ness would go hard with her, and thero was no ono to toko. care of her save that jabberin’ woman who. kept the house; so I took my-things right straight on, and. told John I should stay with hor till the last nlinit before it was time to go back to the Rocket,” “ You . good ereaturo!” murmured Lady Elaine,, with glistening- eyes, while she was trombling from head to foot over this thrilling account of Arley’s strange misfortunes. “Anybody with a heart o’ stone couldn’t. have helped it, if they’d seen her lyin’ there so helpless and ne glected; but I didn’t s’poso then that I was goin’ to get my pay back in the same way,” Jane returned, with a grate ful look -in the fair face opposite her. “I s’pose that is what the good Book means, where it tolls ye ‘to cast your bread upon the waters, and yo shall get it again after many days.’ Well, that poor dear was dreadful bad for three or four days, but the fifth she seemed a little better, for she knew: me, and told me about her troubles, or something about them. She didn’t say much about that scamp, she sort o’ shielded him, but I -knew enough' already from, her ravin’s, and so, with what she told me, I had the whole story. But it would hare broken your heart to sea how she took on. when slie found tknb she couldn’t go homo with us, .and then it came out that almost all.her money had been stolen, and she hadn’t anything to pay her bills with. But I fixed that all right for her, and then tried to com fort her as well .'as I could by tollin’ her that it wasn’t fit for the like of her to bo goin’ back to England in a sailin’ vessel and ’twould bo ever so much hotter to wait and go- like a lady in a steamer, and I ^finally left lief a bit comforted.”. ' “But was there no one in nil that city—no English person idiom you could liavo hired to take care of lieri'” Lady Elaine asked, much distressed over Alloy’s sad state. “Not. a sold, my leddy, though wo asked our guide—wo had to hiro one to go with us wherover wo went, for, of course, we couldn’t understand a word of that gibberish, and. ho didn’t know of anybody; ■ the consul was away, and so we hail to leave her. I s’posq that wretch of a husband was somowhero about, but lie couldn't bo fonud.” “ Did ho never como to. her while slio was sick?” “No, leddy, not while 1 were there; she sent for him once, but he’d gono from their other Iodgin’s, and nobody • knew where to find him. Sho said if slio was only woll she should not mind bein’ left so much, nor tbo loss of the money—though her • heart did ncho to get home—for she could draw, and paint, and sell her pictures, mid take (Sire of herself, but - to lie sick and alonortiud without any money was lit to discourngo anybody. Tho little chat terin’ doctor was good to her, though, and sho could talk French with him, so it wasn’t quite so had as it might have bceu; and I told her she needn’t worry over tho money I’d let her have—tho poor dear wanted me to take her di’— monds—for it had gono into the Lord’s treasury and Ho’d take oare of it. And Ho has,” Jane concluded in n reverent “What! liavo you ever heard from) her? Has she sent it back to you?” asked tho young countess, not quite comprehending her meaning. “ Oh, dear no, inarm, I don't mean that, but you have boon so much kinder to me than I was to her, that I’ve had my pay twico over already,” was the earnest reply. Lady Elaine smiled. “That, is the way you reckon it, is it?” _ she said. Then, with a strange trem bling of her lips and a queer fooliug at hor heart-, sho asked: “ Who was this lady ? What was her “Sno told me it was Mrs.—Mrs. Pax ton—I’m suro that was it ; and I reckon that her scamp of a husband’s other narno were Philip, for when she were ravin’ she would call out that namo and beg him to go to work so that they could go home, and not stay there to starve or get- into debt. I toll yc, my leddy, I don’t do much snivclliu’ on my own account, but it made mo cry like a baby to hear ' her; and then the day I had to leave her! I declare! for tho first, time in my life I was almost willin’ to let John go off alone, while I stayed and took curb of her. Aha! my leddy, but yo have a tender heart, yorself,” Jano concluded, as she heard a convul sive sob and saw that Lady Elaiuo was weeping bitterly. "Oh. Jane, you do not know it, but you have been telling mo about ni.v dearest friend,” she said. “I was quite suro of it, even before you spoko her name, and it nearly breaks my heart to learn how sho lias suffered mid been wronged. She was called Arloy Went worth when I first knew her, and she was a lovely girl, and sho never knew a enro or sorrow until the day sho mar ried Philip Paxton. I liavo never seen hor sinco, for she went.away directly, but sbo bus'written te me soveral times, though she has never hinted at. any trouble, and yet I have imagined that sho was not happy. And now-” Sho stopped short, her faco all ablaze with indignation, as sho thought- of the wretch who, having refused to do any thing to support, the wife whom, ho had won under false pretenses, had taken her to a ' strange, almost barbarous country, and, when she was sick, des titute, and friendless, had left her to her fat-o and returned to his own conn-, try. • Her heart was in a perfect tumult of contempt- and righteous auger, and sho almost hated horself for having tolera ted his prcscnco for one moment. How ever, lie stood unmasked liofore her now, and she would kuow how to deal with him in’ the future. Jano Collins was greatly surprised by what Lady Elnino told her. “Just to think of it!” sho cried, hor faco a perfect picture of wonderment. “How queer thiugs do como aboutl” “How long were you with ’ Arlcy ?” •her companion asked. “Just about a week, yor leddysliip— the day was set for the Rocket to sail, aiid go I must- in her, for there was no one to take my plaoe, and Johu couldn’t get along without mo any more than a' baby could 'without its mother.” “And you are suro that no- oue canto to see or to inquire after my friond. during that' time?” questioned tho young countess,, thoughtfully, and re membering whiit Philip had .told her about Arlcy receiviug attention' and money from a gentleman in Madrid. “No, leddy, not a soul came-near her savo the doctor, Johu anil I,” Jano as serted, confidently. ' “Dill-she at'any- time spoak of any one whom she know, or- wished to call upon for assistance?” “No, niarm; sho said sho hadn’t a friend' to help her, and she would ' bo without a soul to do her a .good t-urn when I was gone.” “Strange!” murmured Lady Elaiuo, musingly; “No, it ! is not st-raago, either,” she added to''herself; “it is all of a piece with his other treachery.” Thou. she; began to! question Jane re garding the clue which; Arley hod gain ed, or though she ;h:id gained,; about her; parentage. ;-She. Juado her; go .over every* ;iteni of thO'story which'slic had tola -rArlQy, - .;uid>..vhiph wo know, al ready; and as sjie/lis.fened to it slio also became oxcited auil.'norvous over it Sho drew out her pocket-tablets, writ ing down. portions of. the . tale, asking quick,' eager questions,Staking down the namo of the captain'qf .the Rocket, and tho place, of his residence when in port, and gleaning every item “which secnied likely to bo of use in sifting tho mys-. teiy of'her frieiid’s birth. ■ She was astonishbd;wheii tholittlu clock in Jane’s kitchen gave five short sharp strokes. . s “Why, it is’livo'b’block, and I have kept you talking much longer than- I ought!” she exclaimed, ruefully. “I liavo been here more than two hours, and I should have gone homo long ago.” “Never mind, dearie—I’d talk an hour longer if. I could do any. good for ye or the poor child that’s laid1 so heavy on my heart ever since I kissed the tears oil her pale cheeks and left her oleuo in that outlandish city,” Jane re turned, in a voice which was not quite steady. | “We will hope that good may result from what you have told me,” Lady Elaine said, cheerfully. “It may be that those troubles which my friend has had to endure=-tkat those very straits; in which you found and left her, will' prove the greatest blessings-of her life ; it certainly will be so if they lead to. the discovery of hor parentage.- If she had not gone to Madrid and had these trials she might never hare, met you, or gained even a 0iUB to tho mystery. But I iim going (o sco wliat. 1 can do with tho facts you huvo given mo, toward unlocking and solving this complicated puzzle.” She took leave of Jane, and, hasten ing to l'cr carriage, was driven hack to her hotel. -But she appeared very much excited, for all the way she kept tap ping ono lit-tlo foot impatiently upon tho floor, whilo her eyes deepened and glowed with almost a dazzling bright ness, and a deop, rich colour mantled her usually pale cheoks. How heartily she despised Philip Pax ton, now that she knew the hateful truth about him. How little, and moan, and contemp tible lie ax>pcarcd to her—lion’ false aud hoartloss. . How she longed to grind him be tween the millstones of her wrath until lie should cringo and suffer a hundred fold more than what poor Arlcy must have endured in that foreign' city, whore, sick and penniless, life must al most have seemed too bitter aud worth less a thing to struggle for. Now sho could understand why she bad left Philip—why, proud and sensi tive as sho was, sho would not remain with him to incur debt or couutcuuuco his life of idleness aud poverty. Poor, bravo little girl! She hud Hovor known what it was to earn a ponuy during all lior lifts; hut she had preferred to go out nlouo into tho strange,, unfeeling world, to battle foe herself, rather than subject, liorsclf to the mortification and disgraco of living at her case as the wife of a shiftless, hanger-on, who was too vainly proud and stubborn to work for her. Then tho thoughb came to her (nat perhaps Philip had adopted this very course for the sako of driving her to desperato measures, so that lie could liavo an excuse for a permanent separa tion. Sho believed that ho was capublo of this, for sho had always felt quite •sure that ho never would liavo married Arloy if thoro had been no fortuno to bo won with her. Sho saw, now, that this story about iior making appointments and receiving money from a. gentleman in Madrid, was but a distorted uccount of tbo ne gotiations regarding the sale of her. drawings; while, doubtless, his tnlo about her going away with tho young Englishman had boon coloured to her disadvantage, in the same way to fur ther his own ends. She knew well enough that Alley would never do anything to compromise her dignity or purity of character. Oh, if she only knew wkero to find her. sho would liavo flown to her at once,’uud compelled her to come homo aud livo with her during tho remainder of her life. “Her happiness bus been wrecked, and my future must bo a loueiy oue,” sho murmured, with a weary sigh, “but perhaps Arley and I could find some thing of comfort in our lovo for each other. If sho will come back to mo wo will make a homo together somewhere.” Thou her thoughts tinned to that other story of the shipwreck aud “lost baby Allie,” of which. Jano Collins had (old her. " It is a clue,” she said, her face lighting, "though how much can bo proved by it remains to be seen; but, darling, we will follow it up—we will ‘ leavo no stono unturned.’ Oh, Alley, Aliev, if it should bo true, ns .1 hope, that you belong to a lioble house—that you havo a right to a namo of which nuyouo might bo proud, bow I should exult for your sake, and also because it would bo tbo very puuislfmcnt, of all others, which ought to fall upon that wretch who has so ill-used you.” Tho carriago was stopped before the Langham, and who should step forward to assist her to alight- but Philip Pax ton himself. ’ tSfr Tho warm culpuv instantly faded from l,..dy Elaine's cheeks'; 'her-eyes grew cold and proud, and, without so much as a glance to show that sho heeded his presence or his proffered hand., she leaned forward and gave'ail order to her coachman in a low tone of voice; then sho gavo him her hand aud de scended from the carriago, and, with a. slight bend of her haughty head to Philip, whom sho could net quite iguoro in tho prcsonco of several acquaintances who were standing upon tho steps, shu passed quickly into tho hotel aud up to her own room. (To he continued.) 