Tottffi Gossip. Brief then— What'o the news.— King John, For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. is. 6d. Mr. Melville, Chemist, &c;, George-street, Windsor, personally conducts all business at his well and favourably kuown establishment. The entertainment of the L. and D. Society, to be held on Tuesday, 26fch, bids fair to outrival any previous effort. R. A. Pye, M.P.S., ia tho LEADING Phar maceutical Chemiat, Surgeon Dentist, Stationer, Book seller, News Agent, Tobacconist, etc. Ordera from uny part of the district receive prompt attention. Mr. J. C. L. Fitzpatrick, M.P., has been appointed Hon. Secretary of the movement among members of the A.M. P. Society pro testing against the proposal to extend the business of the Society beyond the colonies. Mr. George Holland of Newtown, Wind sor, has a splendid collection of roses, and sent to the Gazette Office on Tuesday a large basketful of lovely blooms. They are all good, and Borne of the varieties choice and rare. Mr. Jim Hunt has'evidently been making the best use of his time of late, as a glance throgh his shop will tell. He haa over 800 seta of hand- made shoes hanging in the shop. All he wanto now is 300 horaes to come along. The detention caoe heard at fche local Police Court on Tuesday last lasted over five . hours, and during its hearing some startling statements were made by certain witnesses. It ia our humble opinion that some very tall lies were told. Cemetery thieves have been at their un holy games again. This week on visiting Windsor, Mrs. Egginton, of Parramatta', discovered that someone had stolen a rare hybiscus 3hrub from her child's graye in the Church of England cemetery. Our good old friend Mr. Alf. Carroll deserted the ranks of the bachelors on Wed nesday week and became a benedict. Our sincere congratulations and best wishes for a peaceful and prosperous voyage through life. We're expecting a piece of ' damper.' , The Wiiberforoe bachelors are unfortun 1 ate as regards the weather. They deemed it advisable to postpone their ball which was to have been held last Wednesday in Mr. Greentree's Hall. It will be held on Tuesday next, 19bh inst, when we hope the weather will be more propitious. The famous cure for many diseases, Vineys' patented Pine-apple Rum, cures la grippe, bron chitis, influenza, sore throat, coughs, hoarseness, tickling cough, catarrh, croup. This liquor to be had in any quantity, and at any price, at the Railway Hotel only. Advice free at any time. Angelo J. Viney, Railway Hotel, Windsor, pro prietor. Establishsd 51 years ' Additional stops are to be placed in St. Matthew's Church of England organ, in cluding a pedal Bourbon. Mr. C. Bichard son, organ maker of Sydney, visited Wind sor on Wednesday to make necessary ar rangements. We understand that the sum of £18 has been donated for the work. The proposed additions will make a vast differ ence in the tone of the organ, Mr. Davis, headmaster of the local S.P. S. attended a meeting of teachers held in Sydney laot Saturday to discuss the most appropriate method of recognising the ser vices of the popular Chief Inspector, Mr. F. Bridges, to whose capable administration the success of the recent cchools' patriotic demonstration is attributed. The rain on Saturday afternoon last suddenly disagreed with one of the local soldiers, who had so much ' water' on board that it completely overbalanced him. We understand that the imbiber waa court martialed by Captain Paine,, the result being his indulgence cost him £1. The Richmond Amateur Dramatic Club have fixed the date of their next perform ance for August 8. They are producing the one-act drama ' In Honour Bound,' and the two-act farcical comedy ' Peacock's Holiday.' Windsor people will remember this club playing ' Betsy' not long ago at our School of Arts, and those present spoke in high terms of the entertainment. Acting-Lieut. Brinsley Hall has received an official intimation to the effect that Colonel Burns, officer commanding New South Wales Lancers, will visit the district on the 80th insti, and inspect the Hawkes bury Squadron prior to the contemplated visit of Major General French. It is more than likely that the Mounted Lancer Band will accompany Colonel Burns. The best house for commercial travellers Royal Hotel, Windsor* For Children's Hacking Cough at night Woods Great Peppermint Cure, is. 6d. It ia on the cards that a gymnasium is likely to be formed in connection wi\h the Windsor L. and D, Society. The Windsor U-'ion Social Club intend holding's plain and fancy dress ball on July 4th, which should be a big success. On Sunday night, at the Wesleyan Church, the Bev. A. S. Swift will preach on ' Socialism — the true and false.' Messrs. Woodhill and Co. of Richmond are giving a handsome dinner set to the bazaar in aid of Windsor School of Arts, Mr. Melville, Chemist, &c; , George-street, Windsor, wishes us to state that his greater experience should be considered by persons re quiring anything in his line. The public should not miss the oppor tunity of hearing and seeing Mr. Edison's marvellous and fascinating inventions, the war-o-graph and theatrephone. MrG. Egginton, wife of Constable Eggin ton, formerly of Windsor, paid a visit to the town on Monday last. Mrs. Egginton has just recovered from a severe illness. A parade of the Hawkesbury Lancer Squadron takes place on the Show-ground this (Saturday) afternoon. The men (mounted) fall in at Thompson's Square at 2 p.m. sharp. The ghost at Roberts' bridge, which has been dead for some time, was seen on Wed nesday night last by a Clarendon resident who happened k^be crossing the bridge at midnight. At least, so we are told. Harry Fong, of Richmond, left an excel lent sample of cauliflower and cabbage at this office on Friday last, he having brought in & cart-load of these vegetables to Wind sor, which were readily disposed of. . Mr Charles F. Huenerbein, manager for Mrs H. T. Denmar, will visit Windsor, Richmond, and the surrounding district each January and July, and will be prepared to undertake all duties in connection with piano tuning, &c.; Orders addressed Co 172 Enmore Road, Knmore, will at all times receive prompt attention, A meeting of the electors of North Ward takes place at the Council Chambers on Tuesday next for the purpose of nominating and electing an alderman to supply the extraordinary vacancy caused by the death of the late Alderman Huggins. The Council has repaired the road lead ing from Mrs. Wall's gate to Roberts' bridge with gravel. This place has been a literal bog for weeks, and unless the road U con siderably raised in the centre little or no good will accrue from patching it. We would draw attention to an advt. on page 11 relative to a sale of valuable Kurra jong property. In regard to this ad. a cer tain individual attempted to boycott the Gazette, but was bowled out, as he has been in other contemptible tricks. Mr. L. H. McMahon writes :— ' I find I am credited (vide the ? W. and R. Gazette' of the 19fch ult.) with batting in five innings for the Windsor CO. in the Union matches. As I batted in only three innings in the' Union matches, my average should read 26.3 and not 15. 8.' Twelve copies of last week's Gazette, containing the report of the Mafeking cele bration, were posted by Mr. J. H. Bloome to his friends in England, and as many more would have been posted if we could have supplied them. There was a general rush for the Gazette last week, and we could have disposed of 100 extra copies. Moral : When you want extra copies order early. A contemptible trick was played on Mr. T. Collison on Tuesday night. The front of the new buildings he is erecting in George-street were damaged by some un principled person, who hacked the wood work (doors, &c.;) with a knife and rubbed out tracings that had been got ready over night'for sign-writing. Mr. Collison offers £5 reward in this issue for information that will put him on to the track of the culprit, and we only hope that he will be bowled out and made pay the penalty of his work of destruction. 11 Candour ' ia ?? Mudgee Post ' says : — Member Fitzpatrick's recently-published book is, I hear, obtaining a ready sale all over the colony, and is beyond ell dispute a cleverly-written, interesting, and instructive work. But Mr F, Mr F, does not the greater portion of its contents, does not its very title, 'Ihe Good Old Days,1 incontestibly prove that the political principles you champion have proved a humiliating and ignominious fail ure 1 In the good time coming, when encourage ment tc|native industries provides abundant open ings fjr both Capital and Labor, people will look back «ith a shudder to the best of ' the good ojd days.' Every attention paid to visitors at the Royal Hotel,, Windsor* The Imperial (Fire) Insurance Company, Ltd, advertises for a local agent. Particu lars will be found on page 11 of this issue. Mr. Melville, Chemist, &c;, George-street, does not advertise that he is the leading chemist in Windsor, as that fact is sufficiently advertised by the people themselves.* Tenders for tbe erection of a Baptist Church at Morgan Hills, close on the 30th inafc. Plan and specification can be seen at the Gazette office. It. A. Pye, M.P.13., Pharmaceutical Chemiot and Surgeon Dentist has one of the moat up-to-date Pharmacies in the colony. All Drugs nnd Chemicals of purest quality. JNo Substitution. Business ia con ducted under' R. A. Pye'a personal supervision, with accuracy and dispatch. The L. and D. Society are holding an entirely novel combination entertainment with the war-o-graph and theatrephone, on Tuesday, 26fch. Mr. J. Hayward, who has been carrying on a tailoring business in Windsor for up wards of 23 years, has left, having secured a-lucrative billet at his trade in Parramatta. We hear from good authority that Mr. F. H. Meade Norton, late of the A.J.S. Bank, Windsor, has obtained a good position in a bank in Sydney. The annual meeting of the H.D.A.A. is to be held on Wednesday the 11th July. Nomination for office have to be in the hands of the secretary fourteen days before the day of election. At the local Police Court on Wednesday last, Richard Buttsworth was brought up on a charge of stealing oranges and was remanded until thi3 Friday morning. Bail was allowed and availed of. A representative of W. Blackburn and Son, the well-known Piano and Organ Tuners, of Parra matta, visits Windsor and Richmond districts regularly and also on receipt of letter. The first hold some first- class testimonials from residents of the district. They have been established since 1876.* We were advised by wire on Thursday that owing to Mr. J. Matthew being unable to visit Windsor on Wednesday last in connection with his dental practice, he will be in attendance at the Royal Hotel to-day (Saturday). At the Police Court on Tuesday Arthur Hayes sued Raymond Geehan for detention of a horse. After volumnous evidence, an order was made for the restoration of the animal, with costs. Mr. R. B. Walker ap peared for defendant, aup Mr. J. J. Paine (in conjunction with Mr. E. Campbell, Richmond) for plaintiff. Mr. J. Medway Day gave an admirable lecture before members of the Literary and Debating Society on Tuesday night. The title was ' Something to say and how to say it.' One thing Mr. Day said was that one of the first rules of elocution is ' If you have nothing to say, don't say it.' Thus ' Candour ' in ' Mudgee Post' : ' Mr. G. C. Johnson (« Paul Twyford ') has been defending his socialistic proclivities in in the Windsor Gazette against a small army of clerical and lay opponents. ' Paul' is real smart, I'll admit, but he is not smart enough to induce Australians to swallow socialism.' Attention is directed to an advertisement in this issue referring to Mr. Edley Stan hope Swift, of 69 Darlinghurst-road (a son of the Rev. A. S. Swift, of Windsor) who intends establishing a dental practice in the district. Mr. Swift announces that he can be consulted at his private rooms, Royal Hotel, Windsor, every Wednesday between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. 1 In his able address on Tuesday night Mr. J. Medway Day disparaged the prac tice frequently indulged in by public speakers of drinking cold water to clear the throat. It is not effective, and makes the voice harsh. Neither should speakei'8 commence by clearing the throat in the ' ahem' faphion, for it will clear its&lf;, and lozenges should never be used. The 'Cumberland Argus' came out with a splendid illustrated supplement last Saturday, all home-made. To produce such work the enterprisiug ' Argus ' pro prietary must have one of the best and most replete plants of any printing office in any colony, and they deserve support. In a group of the Central Cumberland cricketers, winners of the senior competition, we recognise three familiar faces — Will Howell, Les Pye and W. B. Farquhar. 