PERSONAL. The death is announced of Mrs. Davies, mother of the late John Davies, M.L.C., who was intimately connected with politics and a staunch Orangeman. Mrs. Davies lived and died a pious Catholic. The Rev. A. H. and Mrs. Coombes sail for England on July 12, and are saying goodbye to Parramatta after a residence amongst us of 12 years. Clifton College, Bristol (where Mr. ?Coombes has received a mastership), has some former connection with The King's School, as it was from that College that the Rev. Dr. Harris received his call to Parramatta. Clifton College has a roll of 500 scholars and 50 masters. Dr. E. O'Connor, late acting medical-officer ?to the Parramatta charitable institutions, has received an excellent appointment as doctor to the Miners' Association at Woonoona, on the South Coast. There were numerous appli cants. The position is said to be worth £700 a year. Mr. Rock, successor to the Rev. A. H. ? Coombes, as mathematical master at The King's School, is a wrangler. Popular interest ?will be centred in him as a good bat and bowler. He was in one eleven of the Gentle men of England against the Australian Eleven, when he was picked for his bowling. He played with the Cambridge 1st eleven for three years. ? Mr. Arthur Hatte, whose genial smile was an extra charm at his brother's Parramatta branch, is now commodore of Mr. C. G. Hatte's fleet on tho Hawkesbury. Tho enterprising C. G. runs a couple of steamers on tho river, stocked and fitted up like one of the depart ments in his big Newtown establishment. The Commodore's smile is more expansive than ever, and he fairly revels in the novel business of the floating emporium. Tin: Ar.ous is sure he is making everybody happy with the bargains he is giving away. The Hawkesbury girlB say he is pretty good at giving everything away but himself. Mr. J. M. Antill, of Picton, who died recontly at the age of 78 years, was an old King's School boy, and was teally at the opening of the school. He was a pupil of the Rev. R. Forrest, the first headmaster. Mr. Antill's father was A.D.C. to Governor Macquarie, and of course lived in Parramatta. . ^ Miss A. Fraser has been gazotted teacher of ..I scientific dresscutting and dressmaking at the ?Granvillo Technical School, vice. Mrs. King, with the fees of students as remuneration. The promotion of Mr. Alfred Robins, of Par ramatta North Public School, to IB is , gazetted ; also that of Mr. Snodgrass, of Liver pool Public School, to 1A for good service. Alderman E. J. Blown, J.P., has been ap pointed an additional member o£ the Parra matta sub-district School Board. Miss L. Parkhill has been transferred from Riley-street (Sydney) to Pennant Hills Public School, as assistant; and Miss Lucy Chapman from Hornsby to Ashfield Public School as temporary assistant. Mr. Frank Farnell, J.P., has been reap pointed a member of the Fisheries Commis sion. Alderman Lidbury has gone from Rookwood, having taken his departure on Wednesday. His removal has been necessitated by the in creased business calls upon bis time, owing to the departure of the senior partner of Messrs. Sandy and Co. on a trip to England. Mr. Lidbury does not say whether his residence is intended to be permanently away from Rook wood or only temporarily. Mr. Walter Curry, who was killed last week near Cootamundra by being thrown from his horse, used to keep the hotel at Jamberoo in which Parkes made the historic "Kiama Ghost" speech. Dr. Jim (Jameson of the raid on the Trans vaal in '05) has been elected M.P. for Kimber ley, in the Cape Colony Assembly. Lieutenant J. B. N. Osborne, of the l(5th (Queen's) Lancers, who left Sydney with the first detachment of tlie 1st Australian Horse, has been sent to England on three months' sick leave, suffering from debility after an attack of enteric fever. Lieutenant Osborne is an old K.S. Boy. It always aJTords us very great pleasure to hear from nny of the old Parramatta boys, and this week we were pleased to receive a letter from Mr. Ernest Coates, son of Mr. George Coates, sen. Mr. Coatos, who is in Townsville, North Queensland, writos : — ' Since last we mot the world has wagged, and though I have been in the other colonies I have managed to keep fairly in touch with the historic borough, through the medium of your paper, tho good old Anocs. Reading in its columns of the recent Western Suburbs v. South Sydney foot b.ill match recalled the old Parramatta Union and Nomad days, and prompted me to give you a lino or two re. sport and Parramatta boys up ihis way. Rugby is the game hero, but owing chiefly to adverse climatic conditions it is not too strongly supported, and only three senior clubs are competing for tho cup this season. There are several junior teams, but little in terest is taken in them. There are some good men in the seniors, notably McCallum, Callan and Dixon, of intercolonial fame, and your young friend, Phil Brown, who is recognized as ont who knows the game. Phil is playing with the Wanderers, so we must hope they pull oft the premiership. Cricket is played about eight months of the year hern, and the association is strong. Fourteen clubs played last season — six seniors and eight juniors, and I am glad to say old Parramatta was to the fore. Yours truly was skipper of the club (Suburban A) that scooped the Junior Premiership and accom panying silver cup. Phil Brown and I are per forming members of tho local Liedertafel, and working bard to establish a rowing club, so, with one thing and another the old town boys will keep their end up. Rheuben and McGovern, in business here, are nnraos you may remember, and fairly often Parramatta natives pass through on tour or travelling for southern firms.' On Friday, the teachers and scholars of the Wesleyan Church, Gnmville, tendered to Mr. A. E. Fletcher, the late superintendent, a com plimentary social. The Rev. J. HopkinG pre sided. Songs, dialogues and recitations were rendered by some of the scholars. Mr. A. B. James, the newly-elected superintendent, on behalf of the scholars and teachers, presented Mr. Fletcher with a leather writing case, silver mounted, and spoke in highly eulogistic terms of Mr. Fletcher's long and valued ser vices, he having been connected with the school for 16 years, for 12 of which he had been superintendent. Rov. J. Hopkins also spoke very.highly of Mr. Fletcher, who feeling .ly expressed his thanks for the gift and said it was to Mrs. Fletcher's self-denial he attributed the fact that he had occupied tho position so long. Mrs. B. M. Clarkson, wife of one of the de partmental managers at the Clyde Engineering Works, was on Saturday made a surprised re cipient of a valuable as well as a most prettily designed trophy, in token of the esteem in which she is held by tho members of the Works Sports Club, in which she has privately and publicly taken a deep interest, and on several occasions rendered appreciated help. Tho trophy was- encased in a glass globe about 18 inches by 11 inches, by 'J inches. The greater part was silver, and tno whole takes the form of an epergne. The pedal base repre sents in solid silver, a cricketing oval. At the oxtrenie cone ^ends stands a colored vaso rest ing in a silver socket prettily chased. On the right front and rear stands, respectively, a kangaroo and emu in silver ; on the left a representation of an Australian aboriginal poised in tho act of throwing a boomerang. From tho centre rises a tree fern, whoso spreading fronds form a good support for a largo emu egg, carved and mounted in silver, with solid silver orna ments at each end. The carving represents the entrance to Sydney Harbour, showing North and South Head, by night. The moon is just rising, and the flashlight from the tower of the light-houso throws its brilliant gloum across the wave, lighting the way for a vessel in full sail to glide safely into port. On a point of South Head rests a lyre bird, which forms part of the shadow beneath the huge rocks. Rising then from a silver plate resting on the egg, is the shaft of the main vase of the ornament. This is of beautiful white and coloured crystal, exquisitely moulded. Resting nt the biiso against the trunk of tho tree fern is a shield also of silver, bearing the following inscription : ' Presented to Mrs. B. M. Clark son, by the members of the Clyde Engineering Works Sports Club, 23rd June, 1900.' The presentation was mado on Saturday, and was accompanied by the following letter : — Clyde Engineering Works, Granvillo, Juno 21st, 1000. Miidume,— It is with Brent i-Ieusmro that I lmv.: to convey to you the hearty tliunlca of the members of the ClydoEntfineeriuKSporm Club, for the greiit inter est that you have taken in tho club's welfare, and the members feel that they cannot allow the opportunity to puss, without milking you Homo little preaunt iik 11 alight acknowledgement for tho kind iiHsistunco you hnvo rendered to the club since ita formation. I havo to ask your acceptance of the accompanying tokon of the eutecm of tho members as a pody, aud upcaking on their behalf I havo most sincerely to wish that you may yet, be spared to still take tbat practical interest in the club, that up to the presont time you have always evinced.— I remain, Madame, yours faithfully, A. LENNOX, Hon. Secretary. 