m tfte Sign or your 0'« The Mayoress' reception at the Town Hall on Wednesday evening was a very crowded function, and as it was impossible to get into the small cloak rooms, all sorts of odd corners had to be utilised for our wraps, while mere men turned the balcony into a lumber room. The wetness of the weather did no>t seem to affect the attendance, and for over an hour, the guests continued to pay their respects to the Mayoress, who was assisted by the Mayor. Mrs. Ware, who looked extremely well in a gown of black satin, veiled in sequined net, relieved with touches of red, and she carried' a red bouquet, must have felt very tired at the end of the handshaking, as it is no light task to have, to welcome over 2,000 people. Of course everybody was there,- ijut I was disappointed in the frocking, and it seemed to me that I saw many of last year's ghosts in the parade. People are expecting a dull winter, and therefore are making no effort to be chippy, either in their dress or in spirits. Well, we are dull dogs! When people had tired of talking they hied to the supper room, and then, feeling fairly comfortable with themselves, meandered out to hear the. singing. I couldn't help remarking how well Wil- . liam Paull sings and bears himself on the . concert platform. You know, his acting in comic opera has been very sticky, as if the poor man didn't know where to loose his legs, and to generally distribute himself gracefully. Having seen him try to act, I can hardly swallow the as- . sertion that he, before he came to Australia, for three vears ulayed principal parts in the Carl Rosa Opera co. If he did, well, all I have" to say is that they did not teach him much. But his fine voice takes a. lot of catching, and as the, younsr man knows it, lie hopes in future to cut a bigger figure in London concert -work. He cut up very rusty when rising to . an encore at the reception. The cups . and saucers were making a bit of clatter, in the supper room, and he resented a . noise when he, the mighty Paull, was to • tootle. He stood aid looked at the audi- . enee for several minutes until the noiseceased, and there was blood and a few other scornful things in his. rolling eye when ; he trilled the Bonny Banks or Loch - "Lomond. The audience did not like his manner a wee little Ibit, and it was, to say the least, very ungracious of llim. "Hut, by the way, it is too funny to hear all the- stories about his engagement. But there, I mustn't let you into all the funny things they gossip about! I believe he raked in over =£80 from iiis concert, and after that he even hadn't the graciousness to thank thos6 artists who had helped him! I was specially delighted with Miss Ethel Hantke's singing of Angus Macdonald. She possesses a. very full contralto voice of good range, and one that promises much. She is an easy first so far as the Adelaide contraltos are concerned. Mr. J. Chamberlain, and Miss C. Lipsham, who cleverly violined De Beriot's Seventh Air, to Herr Mumme's accompaniment, and Mr. C. Cawihorne's string band, also contributed to the programme. The latter played a selection from Floridora, the new comic opera, which has had a good run in London. _ I see that Mrs. Fyvie-Denclx, having tasted some amateur triumphs, will sample the real thing with Mr. Williamson's comic, opera. She ha6 a very big contralto Toic'e, but will , take a deal of culti- . vatirig to make'a presentable • stage figure; And, after all,- stage presence is nearly the whole battle iai catching the whimsical public. Anyway, she is in good hand6, and as comic opera contraltos are very scarce, she is sure to have every chance. ^Adelaide friends will watch*her' career withinterest. If lovely • woman .will' ape mere man even t6 his closei-cropped hair and severe shirt front, the while investing; the masculine effect' with a mannish air, she must not 'he affronted when an occasional anticlimax • crowns her aspirations. Lately, at a city, hank, a. young woman, attired as nearly as possible like her more modest brother, -approached the pass-book desk and rang the bell. Meeting with no response, she rang again impatiently, when a clerk, wearing overworked expression, exclaimed, with -*J3f03x*t majjcey such a* noise there, you boy!" As he slowly realised hifl^ mistake, japxxot froze his features,' The latest fad of England and America has I see, found its way" to Adelaide, where an enterprising photographer is taking photos, at the rate of sixteen lor one shilling, for which modest sum the devotee, at his own shrine, has the privilege of posturing in his four favorite attitudes. Whatever the caused—whether the proud satisfaction of thus .being handed down to posterity or the maximum result for a minimum charge—this irticular novelty has caught on everywhere. In London alone more than two million people have given their countenance to this popular "latest." People, too, are immortalising themselves on postage stamps, of which large numbers find their way to the ends o' the earth, especially to the Transvaal, there, doubtless, to be dearly prized by tlieir possessors, so far from home and kindred. Personally I don't care for the quarrel between Mr. Svnion and Sir Richard Baker, but from all I hear the latter seems to have the thick end of the waddy. Of course, all the Adelaide Club men are Bakerites, and they tell me a very chilling reception awaits Symon on his next appearance there. I'm sure Symon will survive it. His uncharitable opponents have so far forgot their manliness as to express fears for MB inteUect! Sir Chaffey gets home at him this way, "It has been suggested to me by many that (•as often happens in powerful but unbalanced intellects) madness was latent, and has now developed itself, but l do not think this is correct." Surely this is the" lowest type bf. insult, but there, I forgot, I mustn't discuss political matters. I can heartily assure you that laughing . at Mr. Fred. Sinclair's grotesque character sketches. in Little Christopher •Columbus is much better fun than discussing tbe Household Suffrage nagging. It is years since I had sucii a good laugh. Such'?a; droll tape-line creature,, that he's . the surest cure for thfe biues tliat-I know. Sinclair's dancing reminds me of Fred. Storey's caVortings in the Gaiety days, but his acting carries a lot more variety. There is something excruciatingly subtle about his leg6i while his 'mercurial business makes him a decidedly welcome entertainer. To me the whole show seemed to be Sinclair, with John F. Sheridan, as blithe and as gay as ever, thrown in occasionally. Miss Grace Whitefomj grown ever so much plumper, inake& a gracious little Christopher Columbus, while Miss Maud Denny, as Guinevere Block, is a very tasty .bit of girlhood, a bit of "yum, yum, like this." Keep the squeeze off, please. I've got an idea.—well, sew a button on it, vide Little Chris. Johnnie Sheridan is always the delightful old widder, bright and bouncing. Although it is supposed to be an American burlesque^ there is not a great deal of reference to the Bacon ^ing, but there is a million-dollar girl who doesn't want-a duke. I hear that Miss Marguerite King, the young pianiste, is to have a benefit concert at the Town Hall on June 12 for the purpose of assisting the fund which is being raised to send her to Europe to finish her studies. Lady Way has busied herself in working up this matter, and I know that one very estimable ladv has donated £50 to it. Whether - Miss King will prove to be a genius time alone can tell, but as she is an aggressive young party who doesn't wait on time, perhaps we may hear earlier. However I "hae me doots." Both Melbourne and Sydney are to hear Miss Jessie King, the young English oratorio contralto, and she will probably take nart in a» Adelaide oratorio. She returns to London in August. When Madame Melba got pliotoed with Playwright ~Haddon Chambers, wearing his clocked hose, I had ho doubt he was the boy of her heart, and so it turns out. Melba says she is delighted with her divorce from Armstrong, which she had longed for, and now we are to see a happy Australian alliance. Of course, there are two sides to every story, but I believe Armstrong never treated Melba well. "I never thought of marrying Herr Joachim," she says. "Why, -he's eighty. T have already bought a house in Great Cumberland-street, London, where I expect to be' very happy as Mr. Chambers's wife." This, indeed,, is a union of genius 1 and I will watch its course with interest. Haddon Chambers is a native of Sydney, where his mother and sisters reside. Some of his successes have been Captain Swift, The Fatal Card, one of the finest dramas ever written, and the Tyranny of Tears, with which the Brouglis have done big business in Svdney. " Chambers is onlv about thirtytwo, .while Melba must be at least forty. Bravo! Bravo! Baden-Powell. That's how we women feel about the manly hero of Mafeking. The magnificent fight he has conducted for seven months has thrilled the whole world. On Saturday the patriotic brokers shook out* their voices, and there was much melody in tho vestibule. The town was promptly decorated, and what with the flags and the bands, and the beery O! the men had a great time. Alas! we poor women.don't get a look in at these jollifications, but if old Baden would only come this way we would soon knocE the men out in giving him a good time. Unfortunately,- as I am not a broker, I have nothing stronger than tea in which to wish Powell a chippy. health. The town went real mad on Monday over the" relief of Mafeking. That is/ so far as mere man was concerned. -W,e-women are superior beings. Patriotism they called it. Patriotism one generally supposes to be a noble ! and beautiful sentiment. _ But this was larrikinism, crankyism, tomfooli$m, and when it runs to beer patriotism flies out. It seems to me that the crowd don't worry about patriotism, but accept the occasion to make all the noise possible, and while singing the Soldiers of the Queen flatter themselves what fine fellows they are, and what a fine Empire they belong to. I think all femininity will agree with me that there ' was more beer than patriotism rampant on Monday. Photo, by Humphrey, Melbourne. Mr/andlMrs. J. D- Wilson (Miss Kitty Grind!ay), a Recent Melb. Marriage Talk about Nero fiddling when Rome was burning! At a recent hills fire where only the piano was saved, the daughter of the house played God Save ,the Queen when the flames where raging strong. There's coolness for you! ~ . I.jiote that Lord and .3^dy *Tennyson . havfe /returriedto Government House for the winter. ^To-morrow/'at ;ll 5 t&e; usual Queen's 'Birthday, reception 'will "Be held, and on Saturday the vice-regal party visit the Northern-ports in the Protector. The coiffure of 1900, so London fashions assert, is still to be on top. But the position is altered. The knot is no longer in the centre of the head, but brought right forward, almost resting on the forehead. Fringes are no more; the hair is rolled back from the face—not tightly, but in a full, puffed roll, and- the knot rests as it were, upon it. The<whole coiffure is elaborately waved, and tiny, light locks are arranged on the "now uncovered forehead. Now, girls, who's going to .try this chic style? If one doesn't revel in diamonds + he only adornment 'for the hair .should be a twist of .-white tiille. Tulle, : +he l&te;'st ; throat adornment. The - tulle is simply: 1 folded jand tied with full, short bowa,;and^gxlg pf equal length. A.string of pearls is a charming finish to this soft neck adornment. Evening gowns are nothing if not crepe de chin^,-and the colors are all,of the softest pastel shades, palest greys, mauves, blues, and a sweet dim yellow that would make a picture of any brunette. Muff chain and chatelines are much to the fore —also feather boas—but the hideously ugly fashion of. Creole, or Gipsy earrings, has by no means caught on. Writes my Coolgardie correspondent: Mr. and Miss Proves left'by the Arcadia on Sunday on a visit to England. Mr. Selwyn Goldstein returned to Kalgoorlk from -the Eastern colonies on .Tuesday. Mrs. C. E. Stokesr and family have arrived in Coolgardie, and have taken a house in Shaw-street. iif Mr. Mann, Government Analyst, and Mr. Simpson, Government. Assayer, returned to Perth on Monday. .-The fourth annual ball of the Coolgardie Mechanics.' Institute will take place onMay 24th. Mr. J. G. Williamson's dramatic company arrived from , Perth yesterday, and in the evening played the Sign of the Cross before large assemblage—probably the largest the Cremorne Theatre has ever witnessed. Mr. Cyril Keightly gave a splendid interpretation of Marcus Superbus, while Miss Edith Crane, aa Mercia, gave the greatest satisfaction to a delighted audience. The co. is now at Koolgardie. Miss Ethel O'Halloran, who is a member of Williamson's dramatic co.,. is staying with Miss Daniel, while, in Coolgardie. Mrs: Moss returned' to> ; -Kalgodrlie i on Tuesday, after an Enjoyable visit to the Eastern colonies. The many friends .of Mr. 6uy Acramanl will* be. pleased to hear" that he is gradually getting better, and is now able to see his friends, though, he is still very thin, and will need a good change to restore him to his usual g'ood health. 