BULLET MUSIC. Says a correspondent at tho front; — Thoro 13 a bird out here, a little brown bird, like a bram- bllng, with a note that exactly mimics the Mau- Bor, and an uncomfortable habit of fluting it in ugly places. Tho Loe-Motford's note Is nearly a third lower, and the Martini has the dull buzz of a laden bee. Between the threo there can bo no mistaking, but tho Boers have four or five other rifles harder to recogulso. The note varies, no doubt, with tho rifling and initial velocity; it varies, too. with tho length of lliglit. Tho Mau ser's most melodious period la eighteen hundred yards; point blank it is nothing but a hasty nasal sneor, but one may bo a poor judgo of melody at \- close quarters. A flat- nosed or "dum-dummed" Mauser probably makes a sound which ono attri butes to some unknown rifle, but the queerest note of all comos from a Mauser spiuuiug the wrong way aftorm ricochet. It Is like the cough ing of a sick ghost — Indescribably curdling. Tlie worst and best of bullet music is that one always hears It behind. It is past before the car can fake a note of it. But that, of course, Is only a consolation when tho bullet3 are fow. Ou tho other hand, ono listens to the panting of u 6hcll or of a bomb a quite appreciable while before the splitting bong announces Its arrival somewhere. Tho panting grows clearer and seems to grow quicker as tho thing comes straight onward, till ono can almost feci it lu the air. That, if one Is sitting still and has ever known tho thing to open at one's feet, Is tho psychological moment for which, qn a battlefield, one haq tlio least use. But the damage which a shell does not do is wonderful. At Drlefontein tho enemy dropped one into the leading team of tho baggage train. Tho shell dropped botween tho second span of mules; and tho whole team wero lifted off their logs by the explosion, and disappeared squealing and kicking in a cloud of smoke. As the dust sub sided and the drivers went forward to cut out the pieces, tho mules staggered, span by span, to their feet, none the worse for their tumble. Such incidents should moke one view shell firo almost with a friendly eye; but tho 15-pounder Is not always a humorist." 