THE LAST FAREWELL. k (From I it was July. The relentless sun flared -with~t»opieal impetuosity upon Spring Court, West Central. Its ra^j-jpictr^ted tlie little, flat, or rather "upper.paH'\ 'of, No. 4, and showed up its poor meagre furniture, ^ low blaXeneiT ceiling, and worm-eaten boards. It also threw a halo-of geld about the head of a woman as she sat working at a table by the window, vpilcfc of. iiiaiiuscfipt.lay at Iter side, ttiid '.lmr-pen -.moved-??? rapidly-.as she qo.yered; sheet* after- sheet. .' At length she moved, and going to the clipboard) made a hasty meal of a sandwich and » glass of milk. She scarcely observed: wliat; she ate. Her whole soul was in her work, and her glass was hardly empty when, she was_back again, her pen flying still morej rapidly. - " A timid knock at the door, ;uid. a girl entered. She was about 12 years of, age,: and had the same .golden-brown hair as her mother. The woman lifted her head. "Is that you, Alary? Get your lunch, darling; you'll find it in the cupboard; I am; very busy. The sirl put down her school books, spread! a table cloth, and proceeded in silence to her: modest repast. At .length she spoke. "Mother:-" "Yes, dear:" "X saw. Mrs. Sinclair to-day." " \Yhrt did she savr" '. "Slie asked me again if I could sit for Mr. Sinclair's picture." - - Stella Adaii pushed her manuscript away, and. rose. She was a. woman with att intel lect ual face, and .Mary resembled her to a remarkable .degree. Both were artistically correct-from the highbred forehead and nose to the well-shaped hand and foot. Neither cf these wom:n would perhaps attract atten tion in a crowd: their beaut}' was too sub dued. their dress too quiet. The mother absently fingered a vase of cheap London flowers, and her thoughts went back 15 years. She was a young girl in htr teens, at that fi/ne, and -she and Ilugh had dearly loved one another. _ But Stella's parents were poor, and their daughter's beauty her sole dower. .So Hngli Sinclair was' 'given liis cc nge, Stella, and a year after, was persuad ed, to Jiiairyva- timely rich man devoted to t he only, .daughter of well-bred pauners. .. Ah! I\ajv things had turned out since!then! And the -woman sighed. . ' Stella was the penniless wife, of a convict: and Hugh Sinclair, the rising artist, was the fortunate husband of a wealthy, good natr.red, if somewhat- vulgar Jewess. Parents dead, penniless' and proud; Mrs. Adair' was just able by the work of her braiii to support herself and her daughter-in decency. -And MOW. this strange tiling has happened -Mrs. Sinclair had met Mary! . Quite naturally, of course, and in this manner: Fussy, gqcd-iiatmcd, and philanthropic, Mrs. Sinclair took a great interest in chil dren and schools. She loved prize-tiiviims, bazaars, and such like, and one day came across Mary at a girls' concert. >-row, Mrs. Sinclair's two children re sembled thei-- mother; and, as that "ood lady heard Mary sing, and marked her angelie Jaec, eyes with long-fringed lashes and'gol den hair, she sighed and bethought iieT Rachel and Rebecca. Suen a pi'.y'_ ^ And Hugh so wanting a child s face for Jiis masterpiece!" 3 However, one cannot have everything this world; and the fates had given iier un limited wealth, a handsome husband, and two children. . The girls were gawky and good.' ""But " And Mrs. Sinclair looked at Mary and sighed. What would she not have <m-eh inr a daughter like that: . .. s And so the kindIv soul sought out Mary . found she was poor and fatherless, and asWi her to come and play with "Rachel and Pc beeca. To her surprise, the invitation was refused. She renewed it, but the only resnonse she could get was'; " "Mother did not alow me to "o to parties." Poor Mary! ° The girl seemed almost inclined to rebel She loved luxuries and fine things. There was little to attract the eye in the tip per T>art of that drear "No. -1 in Spring Court, West Central. and Mrs. Sinclair had actually' singled her out from all the-girls at the con cert ! Tt was really too bad of mother. So that it was somewhat pettishly that: ..Mary lesponded over the bread and cold meat that frizzling- day;in July. " Do you want to go to Mrs. -Sinclair*® Mary The girl colored with pleasure. "Was her mother relenting ? . - - - - . :::i' "She has a beautiful house., and - "I said, do you want to gorJ- . - I-v.; Yes, mother, I should like it" (eagerly). \- Stella sighed, - With all her toil, it. was as much as she .could do to "decently..clothe and send her girl to-the High School. It was quite natural that the ficslipots.ofJE«ypt- at tracted' her. ; ' And so "Mary -wciit, <ind Hugh - Sinclair' sitting in liis' stiidio, started-"and-paled as lie saw the" girl enter on his wife's arihY ' It was to him a ghost' out of thelon'"--dead past.,- . , . ' : . ? ..- .. "Wliat.is. your w&me;*iny"dear?'i:;lte asked, stroking gently the golden curls lying around her -waist. --?.;>? . .... "Mary Adair.". And the timid, long-lashed eyes gazed upwards into his. He shook liis head. The name convcved nothing to him, bufc.hcr-eyes brought- back a flood of-thoughts. And then, looking at the child for her own sake, the. man said to himself: "She is beautiful." "She is half-fed," said the more practical J cwess. And she took Mary to lier motherly heart. And, indeed, beside Rachel and Eebecea, Mai-y did. look fragile. And the good woman thought she would call and sec Mrs. Adair, and get a loan of her girl for the summer holi days. Poor Stella! V. hen the portly Jewess, rustling in rigjd silk, went down the creaky staircase, the un burn y mother threw herself on her little bed, and wept tears of humiliation and pain. Not 1 that her visitor was unkind; on the- con trary, it was her kindness which was the dif nculty. And, slio was Hugh's wife! Hn»h. wiiom she had last seen with his paled and strained ryes when she had bidden him wood bye lor ever! her pride ought not to blight- the future of Mary. And Stella, drying her tears, proceeded to dust the shah'bv " little ola portmanteau wherein to pack her child's scant wardrobe. "She :s all I have, and I must give her up, too " she thought bitterly; nor was the pain lessened when the girl appeared rosy with delight, full of the kindness of her new lneuds, and of gladness for her holiday. And, oh! mother, he paints such lovolv pictures. _ And he says I am like a dear lnond ne nad years and years ago. A dear friend he has lost, and'he wants to paint The tears raced down Stella's cheeks is she bent over iier child's things. She could see Hugh. H» was tli3 same as ever. H-'s was not die of the forgetful loves. Her heart h'iig.icd behind its tears. Severance has, iw cod, its sorrow, but the deadliest pan<* is to be forgotten! Ann s" Majy went off in high spirits, as .Iuv-i.isl'ious ot t!ie mother's loneliness. th-> motuers gnei, as m her bright childhood she uas of her own beauty. At first, life has th"r'U l" 1° V>1V'' llvinS-it is only later it slackens down to think! es, my dear," said the portly Sirs. Sin clair over her dessert. "Mrs. Adair is quite tl.c lady she did not assume anything. Quite o -sl'ock.ur=1-v Poor. It makes me ?, ! Mm'k r,t !lt'f rooms d"ead ful part-the shabbiness, and all. -Vnd vet with her manner and looks-fw she is oi'ute tm "t m'vor ^?>'y took in the pl,e" El ,i'S rS?1!e', Wllcu °«e's once a lady Us wonderful what one can do " - Poor, dear Mrs. Sinclair; that "once" is a n0.lt"tl|l^°ihOmi."°it0 S°mo! Alld 3-ffc I doubt not that. thy. kind, roomy heart hath in if much of laigess, without which no ,e are pontic and great! . % d^n"to0ru Lc]p hcr? His wife's face puckered. . " She is a very'difficult person to ho'u '. she answered. ? "Proud, dear. Not offens ve. ly so, you understand. But a sort- of woman you could by no means take a liberty u-ith TtatLiu" VC t0 aUei" 1,er f»r '?You have such tact, Paitli." passing hi= ^ifo the port ' It seems wcked to leave woman like that. You Say the place is '"4" , c.:i" say is, that I never saw any p ace like it. It .; only less of a surprise than the woman who lives in it." And then, thoughtfully:' I dul ti-y and say something about her thin"'" t0iSei ymlr »r some thing. f>ho thanked me so nicely, but said she y.uely w"it out. What mjre "1\H,v thing." s.v.i Hugh. l-"r )lr_ h.ii been poor and proud mur. v,,,] lellow-ieehuir for all strug-le remained with him now in his days of plenty, and -ave n-'kin-'"I .°1UUm whieh were . K.kii g his, name lannms-fame whieh ue 'or the child, dear." W U V''° 'M" And so thev did. And Mary was decidedly an indeed, that her mother cried all ui^u | turned her face to the wall in In- s°..;3i:,l | trouble. 1 | Once, wlien she knew nuglt was WaT . | went to Cadojran Gardens, and si!w his'I and Mary's picture. | It- was"herself, with the von- ,irc"3 , | wore that summer time, lonw*a».i. ',:f K Then, she returned to he:- hmely i;t-c v , 1 . tyroto'and "wrote. Stella Adair ^ a I jrettini,' knowu to editors. There was 1 thing in her work full of h -art. j_£u 1 touches, as it her pen had hem dipp^ ; { the di-cp floods through which her liie if! | passed. '. The days were tunii-ij from j sunshine. It was autumn with the Wo,l.f ( and her work. 'M I And, when wearied with incessant t":i ! she siit by the poor, frail remains "f a'"'J' -deep in her one luxury .,f t?> would wander back down those dim afcfc^j Loiig-iHj'O/' And the ou1c:-i.;c j. would be: "He m«st never buw!" ' y And, after all, Maty'* future wa, She had kind friends, and tin- n-iondi her. . She was beautiful, she v.nila inl and have a home of her own. Prnv y'~ < she would, hefo>-c her UeiuUv and these pa;,'"* ings made.her a toast. | And hi these days Stella's '.\ushmn! di^d he whose name, tor the child's sake, ^ ceased to hear-and the times .jrew !2.jU fur the lonely woman. Tier life's work seemed dune, ami s),e ^ w.-arv. When winter came, a short luckily or,,,,^ disturbed her nights. Her daily uurk Sj*. irks'.me, her pen was lost- productive. ~'ivl winter was hard. Had Mrs. Sinclair kiivwn that .the hampers she scut to mother' were often her sole suslcnani-c! Moreover,. our old friend, intiueuza, a1 out. 'Good Mrs. Sinclair was. veuivcn.^ therefrom,- when one day she sent to lKt ^ band'a studio in trepidation: "Il'.iCfli,'' she said, "it is quite dread;:!!1' (the plump ehecks streaming with iiatuied sympathy), "poor Mrs. Adair is ing, and neither I nor Man- arc fit to m. her. It is quite six weeks the Tlii'tj saw her nn'ther. What with St. Jforitj the influenza-oh, dear, what shall we "i will .ffo," he said simply. The o.j4 wo'.uan sank back 011 her cushion with a'-jja of reiki. "What a dear! I knew von would, Please do all that is necessary, and But Huadi was gone. Buttoning1 his fur coat tightl- around Iiirj he took a hansom, and was soon across Lon don. "Oh, sir, I am so "lad you have come,1' said tlic landlady. '"The poor things j:uj goin'. You'll find her 011 the top front: I've i'st left her, and the doctor's a-comin' ajin at five." All was silence as he entered that snial], bare room. It seemed empty, save for that small and its still occupant. The man sank on his knees by the .cou,-':, .'Stella'" AVitli an effort she half rose, and laid he: j head on his breast. Both his a raw wore round "her, as with passionate tenderness he smoothed the beautiful hair from the da;;; 1 forehead. It was as if they had never parted. And. in, the twilight of that December (lav, I these two once again said "Farewell." 