A Trip Home. [Cheonicled by Mb. Beet Wood.] (Continued.) [ , My experience was somewhat remarkable, ana the revelntions were wonderfully correct, even to detail, to account for which I am unable. We sat very late trying- to ' materialise,' but were only partly success ful, the result being a luminous body appear ing about the size of an egg, which. gradually diminished and eventually faded altogether. We one and all endeavoured to localise a reason. 1 examined n very ciuseiy, w' appeared to be a small ball of dull light, opaque, of the consistency of the thick steam, vapour. I could pass my handright through it, or passed through my hand. I would ex- . plain that the light did not reflect against my hand, but remained stationary, and en deavouring to. catch hold of it made no ?-? difference— it . remained stationary in the original position . Then again it did not ' disappear suddenly, but vanished by diminu : tion, the last speck being exceedingly bright I state facts; theory I leave to you. laid all -within my power to elucidate the phe nomenon, but failed. Dr. Crooke, F.R.S., writes to the 'Quarterly Eeview' 1900:— 'I should think there are few persons in this country who have examined more carefully into the literature of this subject or have read a greater number of books , on spiritualism, dsmonology, witchcraft, animal magnetism, spiritual , theology, magic and medical psychology, in English, Trench, and^alin. in this last I have even included Dr. Car penter's article on Electro-Biology and Mesmerism _.:-the 'Quarterly Review for 1853, page 55.' ? This is surely a proof of sincerity when so eminent a personage aa Dr. Crooke becomes a confirmed spiritualist after years of study ' and research. Extracts from ' Light,' ' London, June 1900, related by C. N. A. de Lancey :— _ ' Father had been dead some six months ; . my brother and I were conducting the business as best we could, especially en '? deavouring to extricate ourselves from' a financial tangle, entered into before father s _3mise, and; the full details of which he »lone had known. (The father had passed away rather suddenly.) It was about 11 «V1nMr nf. nio- lit.. T had retired after a busy and trying day, and was wide awake, as is my nightly custom, planning the work of fche morrow.. Understand, I- was wide awake. The red coals were smouldering in the grate and a small lamp burned by my side on the dresser, in anticipation of the baby needing attention. I was much exer cised over the intricate deal before spoken of, and threatened business disaster. ' Obeying a mysterious impulse, I glanced around towards the fire and clearly saw out lined the form of a man, seated in the willow chair in which I invariably deposited my clothing. I do not recall that I experienced fear, only wonder as to how he had gained ' ingress, for I was aware that the doors and windows were fast closed. The figure was . ; well defined, with the face tamed from me, and seemed enveloped in a supernatural golden light. In a moment the features ?were turned towards me, and I recognised my deceased father— the being who, as I .-.? supposed, had turned to dust as the _plant qt tree, but there he was, natural as life, with the same smile I had so often seen on his , face when he had accomplished something he considered exceedingly clever. To say I was surprised is putting it mildly : I was absolutely dumbfounded, and rising upon my elbowTfcaid : ' Well, I will see what this is at any rate.' Putting out my hand, I drew the chair and form close to me without difficulty ; it seemed as if there was _ no weight at all within the chair. I looked into the tender depths of my father's eyes, and -even noted the old time shade of grey that I '!?'?-' had often considered so beautiful in those : Orbs. ? . ''Dear old pa, is this really you : 'A loving smile was the only reply. -'-', By and by he spoke — the voice I had con ?''.' sidered hushed for ever making sweet music through the room where he had so often been. Think of it, a dead man— returned . from where ?— holding converse with a mortal. ' .. ' ? ''My son, I have been with you often ; you have been worried concerning certain business complications, but I have aided you : be not dismayed — all will end well.' 'The voice was just as it had always ? been. He gave me light on the ' deal ' that was bothering us, which enabled me to draw ? it to a successful close without financial loss. A long conversation ensued ; he told cf incidents which took place while he was dying, that had occurred even after he had lost consciousness, as I supposed, thus in dubitably proving his identity, even if the 'appearance ' had been illusionary, for the things mentioned were only known to us two. He had been very nervous during his earth life. I notice*d that the hands trembled exactly as they had before his decease. I ? took the hands in mine ; they were cold as : . ice. I felt for the tip of the middle finger of .the right hand; there was only a stump there where the tip should have been. Years ? / before he had lost the end of that very finger in a saw-mill. I know it was my dead father as well as I know that I am living. Never was I any wider awake, any saner, . than at that time. ' 'It was all so -weird and wonderful, as well as pleasant, that I thought to awaken my wife (sleeping at my side), but ere doing . ??'? so turned again to say something to pa. He had disappeared in . that short time ; the golden light was fading. I caught a last glimpse of that dear old face, with its loving smile, just as he passed out of the room, at ' the upper comer^where ceiling and walls meta. He has never appeared since then. .— However, I sometimes feel that his presence is with 'me in the office.' v Related by W. T. Stead :— ?'An engine- driver on our 'line died sud denly the otherday through a ' sudden stop page of the heart's action/ presumably 'heart disease,' and, as. the doctor stated, brought ' 'on through extensive use of alcohol. This ' .driver died at Bulsar, a distance of 124^ ' miles from the Bombay, Baroda, and Central India Railway's terminus, and from Parel, ? .where he resided, 118?r miles. As a general sule drivers adopt a system of haying a ?...double set of bedding and pillows,' &c;, so '; that at the end of their ' run? they retire to the running room and get their meals or rests until they have to return with another ?Wine or train to Bombay. , ' This driver, therefore, like the remain 'der, had a bed here (at Parel) and one at Bulsar, so that everything would be ciean and comfortable on his arrival. On the morning of his sudden demise, he arrived at the lunning room at Bulsar, and ordering something to be prepared for a meal, went to lie down. He suddenly felt very unwell, and on getting up fellin the arms of another man present, and immediately expired. ' The dead man's brother, who works in the ' running shed ' at Parel, received a teler gram informing him of his brother's death, and as it is near the recess hour, (noon) goes' \- . off hbine to the houBe where both brothers resided, or, in fact, really lodged. The ' brother's intention being togoby mail that night (no other or 'quicker train could get him there), and. as the dead brother's bedding is already rolled up (pending the return oi ? the dead man, had he lived), he asked his ' landlady to undo it and place several neces - sary' articles in it while he goes away to obtain leave from his foreman. When the landlady unrolled the bedding in which were two pillows, one on top of the other, she '.discovered to her dismaj, upon the pillow ? slip of the. underneath, onej a distinct, likeness -. or impression of the dead man's face; not in. jyrofile but full face. - ? -r 'The Dhobi had- that morning brought the clean clothes from the wash, and the pillow-slips had been put on quite clean, . pending the return of the dead man; 'who of' : course did not return ; in the ' flesh, but may Have returned in 'spirit. Thelikeness (of the impression) to the dead man, although in Some parts rather vague, or 'I might say. faded, is still so clearly the features of the man as to- leave no dWbt as to whom the ' features belong— to those who knew him in \- jtfe. ??:.' .,' ' ,', ????.?? . ? : ????: ..- :. ~':- -: . *\ I have seen the man sometimes, on his engine, but do not know him intimately, as he belongs to quite another branch of the railway system ; but when I saw thepillow case I immediately recognised the features as = ?. .. those -belonging to the dead man, and the gsculiar patch of hair he had -'brushed back oni his foiehead, which used .to be very : : conspicuous /when his hat was oft. The im -. jression appeared to be of an oily black or : Srowny-yellowy ; kind of 'splotch, 'such as '' might have been produced by a man dirfy .*. and oily by the very nature of his particular work^'after a long /' run,' lving face rf-w'H- ????-.v ipards just as he '.'got off his engine. ?'.;'? \- ' ; ; 'But why ehouidifc have been on the -.,. ? pillpw-ca6e miles away '-from the man, and on ? ;- fcat'oh which the -man laid his head (of. c^.. course after washing himself, and in every way preparing for six1 hours of rest .from his oily duties), and where he' was present hot having any thiug upon it ? The thing, as far as I am concerned, is genuine enough, even, to the landlady's fright, who made everyone living near aware that something unusnal was in the wind, and, of course, people rushed in to find out what the woman was' shouting for and declaring that she would not go into that hoiise again whilst that ? uncanny thing ' was there. . 'That Dr. Paul Gibier, the founder of the 'Pasteur Institute in this city, who -was killed in a runaway in Suffern, New York (says the ' New York Press'), had his death and the tragic manner of it foretold to him in a dream was made known by his- wife re cently. Strange as it may seem, he laughed away his wife's fears when he told it to Mrs. Gibier,' although it -coincides strangely with his-belief of mind, matter and immortality. ' It was the matron of the Pasteur Insti tute who told of Dr. Gibier' s dream. It was told to her, she said, by Mrs. Gibier. On' last Friday night Dr. Gibior, who had been ill with lumbago, slept for the first time in 12 days. When he awoke on Saturday morning, he related to his wife a strange dream which he had had. He said 'that he was out riding alone and had been thrown ?from his buggy and killed. It was in that way that death did come to him only a few hours later, the reality being that Dr. Gibier was accompanied by his mother-in-law, Mrs. C. 'V. Hoern, of Baltimore, when he was killed. 'Mr. Stillman's recollections in the current ' Atlantic Monthly ' have reference to Ruskin, Clough, Christina Rosetti, and others. Connected with Coutet, Ruskiu's Chamounix guide, there is a story which Ruskin told Mr. Stilhnan of a locality in the Valley of Chamounix, haunted by a ghost which could only be seen by children : — It was a figure of a woman,who raked the' detid leaves, and when she looked up at them the children said they only saw a skull in place of a face.. Ruskin sent to a neighbouring valley for a child who could know nothing of the legend, and went with him to the locality . which the ghost was reported to haunt. Ar rived there, he said to the boy, 'What a lonely place ! there is nobody here but our-; selves.' ' Yes, there is,' said the child, ' there is a woman there raking the leaves,' pointing in a certain direction. ' Let us go nearer to her,' said Ruskin, and they walked that way, when the boy stopped and said that he did not want to go any nearer, for the woman looked up, and he said that she had no eyes in her head, ' only holes.' ' Psychic Photo geaphy. ' As I notice there are frequent references m ' Light ' to Spirit Photography, some of your readers may be interested in my ex periences inany years ag'o with the then famous Spirit-Photographer, .Mr. W. H. Mumler. I visited him in the summer of 1871 at his rooms, 170.. West Spriugfield street, Boston, Mass., for the purpose of., testing his powers. I was a stranger to him, but on my telling him my object he readily' consented to give me a sitting, and to afford me every possible opportunity to test the genuineness of his productions. Accordingly I examined his room, his entire photographic apparatus, &c.; He informed me that he was but an amateur in photography, and had no place but his parlour in which to take his pictures. To oblige me he eut up some new glass for the negatives, and gave me the privilege of watching all his motions dnring iho operations. I found him honest in every respect. When he was ready I took my seat, and fixed my mind upon my spirit mother, hoping to get her picture. He exposed the paper longer than was then usual, and as soon as he thought it ready, he invited me into the dark room to see the process of 'development.' When he had washed the negative he opened the door, and held it up for me to see the images thereon. To my great surprise, I saw above my own a clear cut face of a cousin who had been twenty - two years in spirit life, and who never had any portrait of herself taken while on earth. Her image could not have been obtained from my mind, for, as I before said, it was fixed upon my mother. Her photogn-ph has been recognised by all to whom it has been shown who knew her when in the earthly form. A few days afterwards I again visited Mr. Mumler, accompanied by a very in telligent gentleman who was very sceptical and wished to test the motier as I had done. Mr. Mumler readily assented to our crucial demands for tests, and allowed us every opportunity for witnessing his entire work. When ready, my companion took his seat, and we both watched the process narrowly. When the picture was developed we examined it, and found, in addition to h's own face, th3 face of an old lady wearing a ruffled cap on her head, which he instantly pronounced to be that of his mother, who had bf en about eight years in spirit life. I mynelf then sat for a negative, which, when developed under our inspection, revealed an excellent image of my own mother. The likeness was tm mistakable, even to the side curls, v-hHi were the same in style and the same in num ber as my mother wore in life. There was till then no portrait of her in existence, except a- small daguerrotype, a hundred and fifty miles away ; and, thongh the faces in that and in Mr. Mumler's picture are clearly the same in every other respect, the poses of the head are different. I have these por traits yet, and have shown them to the editor of ' Light.' After obtaining my mother's likeness I sat again and obtained the likeness of an Indian who has been a ' guardian spirit ' of mine for many years. Our crucial experiments proved beyond question the truth of spirit photography. — Dean Clabke.' The following is a terrible experiment, recorded in the 'Evening News' paper. Can hypnotism be but one and the same unknown force as spiritualism ? In some respects they, to my mind, seem to harmonise. For instance, does the ' medium ' of a circle hypnotise those present, ,whereby her con centration of mind is conveyed to the sitters and her thoughts appear to them in a materialised form ? I do rot advance it as a solution, but simply as a suggestion — to investigate is our duty: — ' Evening News,' Friday, July 13, 1900.: Ghastly Experiment. —How a girl was hypnotised in her, grave inKentucky. — (From our own correspondent.) —New York, Friday.— The people of. Lex ington, Kentucky, are greatly excited over a remarkable hypnotic experiment which has just been peformed there. The subject was Maud Matthews, a girl of fourteen, who was hypnotised by a local physician last Monday. She was then placed in an ordinary coffin and taken to Woodlawn Park. The coffin was deposited in a grave, previously prepared, 3ft. deep. The grave was' filled in, and in order to make the affair realistic, a srassv mound and headstone were placed over it. The girl was ' yesterday disinterred in the presence of a large crowd, the coffin lifted out, the lid unscrewed, and the girl found in the same position as when she was buried, apparently sleeping. The physician stepped forward, spoke a few words in her ear, and she instantly- awoke, and greeted him with a cheery 'Hello.' . She rose from the coffin, joined, her friends, and walked home. (To be continued.) 