Scenes at the War Boards. No. 10. THAT extraordinary roan, Mr. Stead, of the Iti i it iv <>f I't viiics, since the commencement of the war, bus been wasting his inexhaustible supply of energy on behalf of Kruger & Co. lie wrote a book on it recently entitled " Shall I uliiy my brother Boer?" und sent a copy of it Ui tlb; Thins and another to the Telegraph for the purpose, of course, of obtaining the cu- hinmrv cheap advertisement. The Times told him it "did not wish to interfere in Mr. | St ad's family matters." The Telegraph replied that, *' if Mr. Stead wished to slay hid brother Boer, they had no objection " The authors George Moore, hit him ofi nicely when he said : "Mr. Stead is that kiud of an individual who would sit down beside another man's wife, and, pluciug his arm nrouud her waist, implore her to be faithful to her husband." " Hurro ! bo jabers, stand back there, here comes Lord High-eock-a-lorum Rohersen ou his boikc wid th' war noose." Ting-a liug-a-ling, aud off he goes. O'Hooligan reads: "Wid th' help av God and the British Army I av taken Muttaburra." No! by dam-that's wrong anyhow-but shure o'ive left me spectacles at liome, aud I can't spill th' wurds without thim. Here, Bill Adams, what do you make out of that." Bill (reading): Kurnel Dalgety has re pulsed the Boers at Wepener. My bleedin' hoath. That's good bizness, haiut it'! That's wot hi like ter see ; repulses is the thin*? tor settle 'em. They should 'av used 'em all along. Did ycr ever see a repulse, O'Hooli gan i O'Hooligan : " No, I niver did, but I have a brother a scrubcutter, phat be they loike?" Bill: " Well, they're somit like a politician's reputation, only more so. They beats the devil hisself, but Bobs 'as got a few on 'em up his sleeves wot 'e is again to give old Kruger and Steyn afcrc they av finished messin' about with the Riudopcndcnce of the little republics, spare me days hif 'e don't." O'Hooligan: " I say, Bill, I never liurd av this Kurnel Dalgety before. Who the divil is he, at all, at all?" Bill: " Wot! don't know *im, dontcher ? Why yer bought ter know 'im, 'cause ho owns half the blanky nheap stations out here, and make no horror about hit neither." O'Hooligan : " Tare an 'ounds! Blood and thunder! but hero comes Ah Boo, Frinchy, and Micky the Pig, linked arms. Tho three av 'em are as drunk as I'd loiketer be. Yer talk about the thriple alliance. Yarra wassha ! Listen to thim all 6inging at wanst. Frinch, Irish, mid Chinese. If that haint itifconin' the Volapuk, I'm an Orangeman, so I am. The're just as graceful as three camels. Halt and sthop at the same toime." They arc at the war board, and now for some fireworks. Freucliy is roaring the " Marseillaise," his face is us red as a beetroot, and his eyes are standing that far out of his head that you could lasoo them. Ah Boo'is letting off a whole string of the most violent oaths, in his own language of course, and now and again you can hear " Ole Slugger muckahilo'" interspersed with it. If he dared to speak it in Kuglish ho would get life without the option, and the jury would never laave the box. " Micky the Pig" is singing1 " O'Dounell A'Boo," with a voice like a couple of grindstones. You could hang your hat on the discord. This is only tho preliminary to a battle royal Baug! whizz! " Hogan'e ghost" That was pretty close. Biff! ye sons of blauky sewer pipes. Ah Boo is down, and "Micky the Pig" is dancing an Irish jig on his chest (Lancashire rules). He gets up before he was counted out, and spitting forth a mouthful of sand and a few dami bingichows, at it they go. After about four ding-dong rounds Ah Boo is getting the best of it, and Micky begins to think St about time to draw the color line, and refuse to fight further with a Chinaman. O'Hooligan advises Micky to " go in an' win, mad, cross buttock tho yaller-bellied divil, an' be done wid it." Micky turns on O'Hooligan, with a pair of eyes that abideth in darkness, and says to him in a scornful, caustic tone: " Look here, O'Hooligan, this is not the blashted game id's cracked up ter be, so id's not. Let you como and stop a fow of his hits, and see how you like id. I'm full av id." This ends the fight, and the combatants have a wash in the horse-trough, and sit on the edge of the gutter waiting for more news to be posted up. Until it arrives, O'Hooligan relates a little episode in his domestic life : "When he was courting, his best girl one day walked by him, dressed to kill, with a bunch of roses in her hair. O'Hooligan wanted to attract her attention, and here is how he did it:-"Mary Ann. Do ye hear me, Mary Ann Doolan. If I was a rosebud, an' ye walked past, me loike that, I'd pluck me.-ilf an' walk after ye on me stalk, be jabers I wud." O'Hooligan eventually got 1 married, and ere the honeymoon was o'er his better-half bad to report him to tfae priest in consequence of his intemperate habits. His reverence thought upon a scheme, and obtaining ' O'Hooligan's signature to the pledge, he warned him that, if he over com menced drinking again he would be tamed into a rat, and no mistake about it. This almost frightened the very life out of him. He managed to keep sober for some time, but the Queen's visit to Ireland waB too much for him, and he broke the pledge. Later on, when he was nearing his home, the thought of his reverence's threat to turn him into a rat suddenly dawned on him, and, meeting his wife at the door he burst out crying to her: "Oh, Mary Ann, oh, Mary Ann, I'm turning into a rat fhast, what will I do at all, at all. I'll fill the house wid plague. Shure, me darlint, I can feel tbe hair growing1 on me arms already. Oahone! cchone! Will ye promise me ye will throw a few bread crumbs about the floor at night for me. Oh, dear oh! In less than ten I minutes IU have a tail on me aa long as yer arm, and, before I orawl into a hole, will ye promise me that ye will keep a close watoh on the blashted catf" The other day a local bluokfellow was walking along the footpath in front of the war board, and, not noticing a large stone that was sunk in the ground, he gave his big toe an unmerciful Lang against it. He muttered something about Wooloomooloo and Muttaburra combined, and then, walking back to the stone, he said" By you're a plurry liar dunoolwurrawurra hotongerella wow !" and off he went. A correspondent, " Leo," sends me the following, which he overheard in front of the Exchange War Board. Can you forgive him for writing on both sides of the paper F OOM PATJL. ' Bill: " What do hi think hof Lord Robin eon's latest move ? Well, boys, hive thort it hout carefully, mid hi think hit shows hus the booty hof tho disciplinary hof the Hing lieh Harmy. Robinson sees the weak spots, an' bein' bound to hupbold the honner hof hold Hingiand 'a has no hesitation habout sackin' his best friends." Frenchy: "Zitt vas Thomas Rot, mon ami. Robert is diemiMfling zose gentlemens, so zat he may without intaruption or intare fcrenue at once order hiB sappers, what you call, to bef-'in operations to sink pour zee diamond. in vy the reason that no advance is on its way now, because Monsieur Bob has pot on so rich a patch. Ah I you Anglaise." After many cries of "Liar, Froggy," &c.;, order is once more restored, and Mr. Adams is invited to continue his explanation of the situation. Bill: "Well, lii'11 jist tell ye jist habout 'ow the 'hole affair was fixed hup. Robinson and Kitchinhim are sittiu1 on some 'orse rugs houtside the Hitrf Way "Otelonther Bloomfor tin-Pretoria road. That's hay dam fiue cigar ye're smokin'. Bobs,' says Kitchinhim, 'his hit hay horfin ?' ' Yes,' says Eobineon, 'commandeered hold Ctongee's cigar supply, honly got hay few boxes left. But rite to hold Crongee, he'll put yer hon ter the brand. Oh. bi-tbe-bi, Kitchy, has Dip Walker arrived yet V ' Yes, Bobs.' ' 'And Charley Williams ?' ' Yes, 6ir.' ' And Jerry M'Leod!' 'No, Bobs, 'o haint come.' 'Oh no, hi was forgottin'. 'E wired to say 'o couldn't get. Well, his 'Ector IX'Donill haboutf 'Yes, 'e's just round the corner playin' two hup with those Barcaldine beggars. But what do yer want him for, BobB?' 'Well,' says Robinson, 'hive been thinkin' hover this Natal bizness, hand hive decided ter pay horf Bullion, and Warring, and Thorncytop. Yer see liit'll pleaBe the public, hand hitne thinkin' hif hi put hon these Bar caldine chaps hit will stop their cro&kin;' hover tliero. Why, hime told that they watch hour hevery movement. Get a bit of paper, Kitchy, hand take this down: ' Mr. Grinril Bullion, dear sir:-The boater hof this letter his Dip Walker, General (Oh, by the-way, Kitchy, see that 'e gets hay change of togs, though, band a sord) will recleeve you hof the army and the keys hof the rum waggin'. Plcse give hup both ter him. Hi hinclo.se my check for one month's wages, hand hay free para to Ilingland, via Barcal dine, where hi want yer ter go band piok hup hay tiling er two hin ther way hof war tack-ticks hin case yer gets hanother job. Farewell. Kitchy sends respecks. Robinson.' Now, Kitchy, rite two more like that ter Thorneytop and Warring, puttin' hon Williams and M'Ponnell, hand tell Walker hi want hiin.' Hin comes Dip. 4 Oh, hi say, Walker,' pays Robinson, 'hi ave jist ma''c yer a Ginril, hand hi want yer ter change yer things, hand whip hover to Natal. Take the first train, never inind waitin' for excursions, hand give this letter ter Bullion. Be carcful with it, there's my check hin hit. But you need not have hany hidca hof goin' back ter Barcaldine hand sturtin' well borin' hou hit, because, between us has brother u-inrils, hit's no good. Have hay peg '? What, don't drinks A Barcaldinitc ! Ah, well. Good Mornin'.' ' Mornin', Bobs,' says Dip, ' hand could yer lend mo fifteen bob till pay day to buy a ticket. Hi suppose hi horter travel first-class now.' Bobs borrows fifteen bob orf his horderlee, hand Dip gets. So must hi, by-the-way. But that's just my hidca hof hay few details hof the situation." 