The Use of General Litera ture in the Pulpit for Illustration. A Paper that was NOT read at the Ministers' Meeting on Monday, 2nd July. By 'Nemo.' ' The ruling passion strong in death.' A preacher without a text is as ridiculous as a ship without a figure-head. *' So, to keep up the institution, 1 shall add my little contribution.' Let the text be, ' The Book of the Preacher, XII., 12.' 'And furthermore,, my son, be admonished : of making many books there is no end ; and much study is a weariness of the flesh.' See another present day fulfilment of Scrip ture in the astonishing growth of Modern Literature. It never was so true since the world began that, ' of making many books there is no end.' The figures; are stupendous. With a million volumes in the library of the British Museum, and three millions in the National Library of Paris, and 25,000 new books every year, and some of them a caution for bigness, What shall we do with such a Sisyphus task ? ' Ah, Henry,' said Wesley to Moore, ' if angels were authors, we should have few folios.' Even supposing that we read only the best books, for the simple reason that, as Joseph Fletcher used to say, 'Life is too short to read fourth-rate books,' yet, even then, the task is beyond human compass. Dr. Johnson recommended that we should 1 learn the art of skipping. But the thing has grown so enormously since then that no amount of skipping will meet the case. And, in reading some books, we must not skip. Some books are to be read as you would take a dose of castor oil. The sooner it's done with the better. But some have to be chewed and digested. Macaulay said that he knew no pleasure from books equal to that of reading for the hun dredth time the great productions that he knew by heart. Omnivorous read ing is an utter blunder. There are some exceptions. Some men, like Macaulay, Carlyle, Bishop Thirlwall, have a special gift that way. But for ordinary mortals like us in this Mini sters' Meeting, to attempt to follow them can only end in disaster. F. W. Robertson says: — 'Multifarious read ing weakens the mind more than doing nothing : for it becomes a necessity at last, like smoking, and is an excuse for the mind to lie dormant whilst thought is poured in, and runs through, a clear sfream, over unproductive gravel, on which not even mosses grow. It is the idlest of all idleness, and leaves more of impotency than any other.' There is such a thing as mental dyspepsia. An old rhymster has said, ' The loads of books that he has read, Has crushed the sense out of his head.' Some of the old books we must read, and read again, for the simple reason that they are immortal. They are always new. ' Close familiarity,' Bays Dale, ' with a few great books will do more than anything else to enrich and discipline your mind.' As to the Dew books, do what we will we can only read a few of them. The chances are that the half of those that we do read have only wasted our time. To make a pretence of keeping up with the new books is nonsense, or worse. That a considerable use should be made of General Literature for pulpit illustrations, may be taken for granted. With the spread of education, with the constant cheapening of books, and with the shortening of the hours of labour, the reading habit is much more common than it used to be. Even in our Metho dist congregations there are not a few who read a good deal. We must, of course, adjust ourselves to the fact that we live in a reading age. Both for his own sake, and the sake of his hearers, the preacher should be a lover of books. He should keep up the student habit. He should take many an excursion into the fields of general literature, and come back enriched with many an illustration for next Sunday's sermons. I have nothing to say against those who plead that our sermons should be enriched with illustrations drawn from every ?quarter. My object is to point out that there are perils against which we need to be upon our guard. One difficulty in the way of illustra ting very largely from general literature is that we haven't time. If a man works his circuit well, — as I suppose we all try to do, it leaves him but little time for general literature. Matters of circuit business demand constant atten tion. He has to attend week-night services, and to visit his people. Pie has connexional duties, and also duties to his family. Then he must keep on making new sermons, or he is doomed. But even this is not all. If he is to be a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, he must do a lot of reading that does not belong to general litera ture. He must know something of the ... general movements of Modern Thought, ?concerning which general literature will either give him no information, or else put him astray. Literature is an empire, like that of Ahasuerus, with ' an hundred and seven and twenty provinces.' The metropolis, the King's palace, is the Book of books. There is no literature like it for illus trations. No other book is such a mine of literary wealth. Leaving the metro- ' polis, we find that general literature is one of the out-lying provinces. Some ' ?of the provinces that are nearer at hand must first be visited. We find, further, that some provinces that once were fruitful of pulpit illustrations, are now ?off the highway, and scarcely worth a visit. One of these out-of-the-way pro vinces is Mythology and Ancient His tory. Our grandfathers gathered from this province many of their illustrations. Another is the province of the post .Reformation divines : although Spur .geon, the Prince of modern preachers, thoroughly explored the English ? Puri tans, and came back laden with spoils. Another of these out-of-the-way pro vinces is that of ecclesiastical literature. Some of us looked at Earl Beauchamp's collection in the Art Gallery with some thing like despair. But when we c ime to think of it, we plucked up heart of grace. High.Auglicans may find in this province fields of delight. We pity them. But there are other provinces of literature that we cannot afford to ptss by. ' Some of them, however, we must pass through by train, tourist-like, with out alighting. Such are, for example, the province of Church History and Martyrology ; the province of Rabbini cal, Patristic, Scholastic, Confess-ional and Devotional Theology ; the province of Christian Controversy, Socinian, Roman Catholic, Agnostic and Socialist; the province of Missionary Litera ture ; and the province of Hymnology, ancient and mudern. In each of these provinces there are specialists who make their home there ; and, here and there, there is one who roams at large through them all. But for us it is impossible. The amount of reading required for the production of a book like Liddon's Divinity of our Lord, is clearly beyond the compass of most of us in this Ministers' meeting: But there are other provinces that we must not pass through without alighting, and doing at least a bit of exploring. Such, for instance, are, the province of modern science that we shall find to be rich in materials for pulpit illustration ; the province of „ mental and moral philosophy that lies so near to the province of Theology; the province of Hermeneutics, Homi letics, and Pastoral Theology, that has so much to do with our skill as work men ; the province of Aj ologetics, from which we must obtain the weapons necessary for self-defence ; the fascin ating province of Antiquarian R -search, the Monuments, and their witness to the truth of the Book of God. We have not yet got out to the province of general literature ; and we have quite passed by the huge province of Magazine literature, and the still huger province of the newspaper. But, for our life, we must not pass by the most important region of all, next to the metropolis itself. What about the Queeu of the Sciences ? the literature that deals with man's destiny, and with the profoundest themes that can move the human heart ? The province of Theology we must explore. And now, at last, we get out to the province of general literature, which someone in the Ministers' meet ing described as a plate for light reading and mental recreation. It is, however, like South Africa, a country of magnifi cent distances. Which of its districts shall we visit — History, Biography, Travels, Poetry, Fiction ? Or ahall we try to see them all ? Shall we go by train, or shall we hire a Boer pony and take our time ? 'But this I say, brethren, the time is short.' In the course of one human life, we can only accomplish a limited amount of work. There is urgent need that we shall so arrange our time that we shall work to the best advantage. Some men, of course, are prodigies, and can do wonders. But is it wise to recorumead to those of ua who are made of nature's common clay that we should devote a large part our time to the study of general literature ? And this is not the only peril that I see There is an affectation of being literary that is apt to tempt a man of books like a preacher is or ought to be. It is only too possible to make such a use of general literature in the pulpit as to give the impression that we want to show off the wide extent of our reading. To be for ever talking literature to the working people who form the bulk of our Methodist con gregations, is silly, or worse. There is also a danger of stunting the preacher's own power of originating. The imperial faculty of the human mind is the imagination. It is the faculty that creates. Nothing will so stimulate the preacher as the thought that arises in his own mind. And by some subtle law, it will arrest the attention of his hearers as nothing else will do. It seems to me that the habit of making extensive use of general literature in the pulpit is apt to be punished with atrophy of the creative faculty. There is yet another danger that I seem to see. Sermons that make excessive use of general literature for illustration are apt to be the sort of sermons that lack inspiration. They give the appearance of being a manu factured article. They bear too plainly the marks of the chisel. But the' preaci.er is one who proclaims. He is ' a man sent from God.' He bears a message from heaven. If he can get illustrations from general literature that will help him, more effectually to deliver his message, by all means let him do so. But where is the benefit of quoting from autho s of whom nine tenths of those present have never heard, and making literary allusions that perhaps not one present will perceive? It is poor woik if the people come hungry for the Bread of Life, and get instead, a repast made up of ' bones ' collected from 'the open valley ' of general literature. ' And lo, they are very dry.' The great want of our preaching to- day is more heart. If we would save men, we must burn. A cold man can never be a good preacher. What good is it if our sermons are as beautiful as a moonbeam, and as cold ? If God would but touch our lips with a live coal from off the altar I ' ;'ome Holy Ghost, for Thee we call, ' Spirit of burning, come.' 