CURING A KLEPTOMrANIAC. . Three years ago it was, and yet I can see-mysclf standing at the lodge-gate of the pig house, that lovely evening in July, and that cab come rattling up the quiet road. It stopped; out jumped a real gentleman, looking white and worried. ' This Parkhurst the banker's place ?' he says, quick like. `''Ohi,: I didn't. want to see Mr Warling. I've, called about an advertisement for'a' nurse child or an invalid-Box So and-so 'The Surrey Herald'; and the news paper people referred' me to a John Babbick, at the lodge here. Oh-, it's you, is it ?' Just who it was, and perhaps I half gasped. So Mollie,' my missis, had gone and stuck that, advertisement in after all, though I'd said No' all along. D'yesce?'? Our own adopted kiddie had taken and died just as we'd got to love it so, and Mollie-she doted on work, and wanted to make a little extra money: besides. ' Well,' I says, cautious,' ' I dunno, sir ! You see, things here are all topsy just now, and likely to be.. The fever's run wild all over the place, and Mr Warling's carted the family down to Jersey in a fright and scurry. Only two o' the servants would stay behind, and it's come to this-he's sending his orders to my missis, and she's seeing to the house till. something can be arranged. Still, I dunno--I wouldn't say-is it a baby, or anything o' that ?' ' Bless me, no ! Babbick, look here,' he says, husky, but that nice. 'We're in sad trouble over a young lady-I can't give you names yet. The moment we saw your advertisement, it seemed like a godsend. So quiet and pleasant here-the ideal place for a cure ! The truth is Babbick'-he whispers it, starting round-' she's a confirmed kleptomaniac !' ' Lor', you don't say it !' I gasps, my blood all prickly-I couldn't properly tell why, I'd never heard the word that I knew ; but that' maniac' bit-well, in my mind's eye I could see her comin' at me with goggle eyes, hands .a-claw, and that nasty ' Ha ha !' as they mostly take to. ' No, I don't think we could manage anything o' that sort here,' I says. 'Easily ! Why not?' he says,. nigh pleading. . Try her, anyway. Eats next to nothing, and could help .with the light work., No one need know anything ;here, right away from the shops and temptations, she would soon master the wetched impulses. You see our position, Babbick! There's only this, I ought to tell you ;she is apt to wander a little in her sleep, with the same lamentable motive ; but you could be on your guard and tell her of it next day. There, try her' for a month ; and we're perfectly willing to pay you £2 a week.' ' Eh ?'. Two shining quids a week ! I'd have bossed a madhouse full of 'enm for that much. ' Here, you take a seat and wait a bit, sir,' I says, all hot ; and off I scurried to the house to find the missis. Five minutes later me and Mollie was tearing back like mad. Well, there, inside half an hour we'd settled it all. We'd manage her ! 'We could let out that she was a young relation party from town ; and it seemed something marvellous that the House family might keep :away till autumn, and no visitors coming near the place. PFverr-ne'd ha'-that twce'; he said -and ano:her touch, come to' that, might put her brain right. He was fair beside hisself with hopes ; and, what was better, planked down fora solid week in advance. Miss Carrie, the young lady, was perfectly willing so long as no one preached at her, and he'd bring her down next evening. 'You're done it now," I says to Mollie. ' If anything goes wrong, don't- lay it on me. Now,' I says, carefully fetching down our old Webs ter,' we'll just make sure o' the mean ing o' that there word at once. Er why, what was it? '-Maniac-maniac d'ye mean to say you've been and forgot it ?' Blowed if she hadn't. There we stood like fools, till all of a sudden Mollie smacks her hands tagether. ' Er-er--cryptomaniac !' 'Of course ! nov, then, before it slips you again. Crypto-crypto--ah, here we are! Now, that's rummy! Oh, lor' ! Why, of course, can't you see ?' I gasps, next minute. 'It's about tombs and vaults and things ! plain as your nose-she goes tooting about among tombs and such, in her sleep as well l You've done it i' 'Rubbidge !'says she, with a mouth like a coal scuttle, all the same. ' She'll soon get sick of that.' 'You don't know,' I says. 'Them cryptomaniacs are a queer lot. You heard what he said. \Well, you'll have to put her in our bedroom, and we'll sleep down here i and all you've got to do, if ever you think you hear anything, is to get up and go after her, and see she don't take any harm.' That was all. Somehow, I kept dreaming about them tombs and things all the blessed night; and next day, you might say, we went about in a sort of shiveryshake-right up to the minute when, just alter d:ark, the cab came along again, and he was handing down the young party herself. It was a fair relief-as nicE and natty a young lady as you could wish-only a bit pale. I fairly liked her on the spot. Such a sweet, pretty place; she said she was sure the change would do her a world of good. She clung to the gentleman a bit-her uncle, or some thing we reckoned-and begged him to come and see her soon. 'Ay, and welcome i' I says. He slipped a shil ling into my hand-and there it was, all over as simple as clockwork. ' Well, if that's a piptymaniac,' Mol lie was whispering to me, ' I'd like halfa-dozen of 'erm all the year round l She'd been and forgotten the word again-just like a woman. Well, we both went to bied that night in our clothes, for a lead off; and we didn't get over much sleep for listening, its true. But nothing han pened at all, and the bit of tape we tied along thestairs hadn't been touched since morning. Down comes the young party to breakfast, as nice as could be -only she wouldn't say too much about herself. Then up walked the postman with a letter from Mr Waring. He was at his wit's end, so it said. He shouldn't come near yet, for fear of he children, but he was setnding a housekeeper and two new servants down, and they'd arrive as soon as the house could be fumigated-or some hing of that. In the meanwhile we were to shut up the lodge and go and stay in the ho'iue with the oti w servants; in caseof ire oranything Here was'a go:! ?l~elir&was; nothing for it but to show-her- the letter and 'ask if she'd mind.: Mind! 'NotIa bit; she: could help with:the 'dusting and what not- it would be a novelty for her all round. She was nice'! So up to the house we carted her two boxes, ind arranged'for 'her to sleep in the house. keepers room with Mollie, while I had the next. The other servants toak lier for' a niece, :and ' everything "wvas 4s' right as ninepesice. ,:: :: -:Lor' it-was the calm before a ..preityt storm; it was.' We hadn't got our`£2 a .week for no:hing ; everything-seemed nice and smootli, but there .wrs a: bit sticking out somewhere-arind soon uwe knew it. z It w:is oi, the third- night-yes, about two in the morning. Fast as leep and dreaming away, I was, when I felt someone bustling ate to rights. Up I sprang and' there was Mollie's face that white,'and her candle bobbing like anyth.ing. ' Get up, John, quick !' she' whis pered. 'Get up, I tell you ; she's gone after the tombstones or some thing ; I couldn't go after her for worlds. Oh, dear ! I happened to rouse, and she wasn't there. Her clothes are gone, too. Whatever you do, don't frighten the'girl ! Quick !' I'd slipped on my clothes in a dream like, and was out. I crept alonig ihe passage'and listened hard. Never a sound anywhere., Halt way down the stairs there I got-and then my knees started knocking, as I heard a faint clinking-noise somewhere below there. Supposing sh'e'd gone groping down in the :ellars, taking them Tor mote vaults, and I was to pounce on her of a sudden -mightn't she think I was a body come to life ? Then at last I skipped back smart, as I see a candle light away down the drawing-room corridor. It was her, quite dressed, but ghostly for all that, coming along with a pit, patter, pit ! Now she'd turned into a side passage. I heard a.key clickitig-and then I remember I'd stowed her boxes just there, ready in case Mr Waring dropped in, and I had to shift 'em quick. Another tomb ? Well, there, there wasn't a quiet nerve iqt me, when presently I sees her step into the hall, with something tucked under her arm, and slip back the blessed bolts of the big door. Yes, she blew out the candle left the door:ajar, and out she went. "i 'Miss Carrie, there's no -tombs out; there,' was in my throat ; only, to tell, the truth, I didn't care for her face toi turn round at me with that fit on her. I slipped out too-why, wasn't it all dumped in with the La a week i Yes, there she was, s-urrying down towards the lodge. But, that was nothing to the feelintg that run down my spine when, as she got to the gates, I heard her start talking in a queer voice. .All my hair seemed to crinkle up; tomb hunting wasn't sufficient-she must go whispering to spirits, at that time of night i And now-now she'd satisfied her poor, rummy brain and was hurry ing back-without her bundle, though I never thought of that till afterwards. I was crouched back between the trees till she'd gone past. After her 1 went; in rio time she'd got to the House door again, and I was just getting my nerve to call and tell her she really must not do it, when-well, there, a feather could, have toppled me over. For-the door-- clicked-;she'd gone in -and left me outside there, and, as Mollie never had the sense to guess and let me in, there I'd got to stick till dawn.. Tell you, when morning did come, I'd begun -to think that anxious gent knew just what he was about when he run the figure up so high, and was that savage-especially when I found that Mollie had locked herself in my room and let the girl slip back to bed without so much as a word of warning. When she came down to breakfast she looked that pale and heavy eyed, I couldn't get it out anyhow. Well, two more days went by. I'd got partly desperate, but somehow or other I'd lost the gift of sleeping pro. perly ; and that's why it was, on the third night, it came to my turn to wake Mollie-who would't sleep in the other room after the scare. ' Here.' I whispers, ' she's at it again, I do believe ! Look and see; I've had about enough of this tomb business. What, she's fast asleep, when I heard a door creak down there, plain as pos sible !' In a jiffy I was dressed and tip toeing down them 'stairs. All serene in the hall ; all nice and quiet in the drawing room corridor. Still, I knew my own ears. Icrept along a bit, and looked down that left'hand passage; and blowed if there wasn't a flicker of light coming from a doorway at the end there. That room- why, that would be Mr Waring's private affair-his study-that he'd left locked ! All in a quiver, with the queerest noises buzzing in my head, I edged along the thick carpet, a shout ready in my throat, and peered in. Am I ever going to forget it ? It wasn't the girl, or a ghost; it was a man. A man on his knees, with a lantern and a pile of papers beside hint, and his head stuck into a big bureau affair that he'd forced open. WVe'd got a burglar ! Got him ? It was so. I'11 never know what made me do it, but I was that mad and frightened together, I took one jump right across, jerked him up, and sent him bashing against the wall like a ninepinm. Once nerved to it-' Now come on, me beauty !' I whispers; but he never moved. His head was the softest, and he lay clean stunned. A cap was pulled down over his eyes. I shoved it back with my toot-but one look, I took-and it sent me staggering back in a pour of sweat. Next minute I was out at the hall door-never stopping to ask why I found it ajar, and flying down the avenue at something like a speed. A policeman !--and one of the town inspectors lived at a cottage just down road. One big thud I gave at his door -one shout as he chucked up his window. Quite enough ; in no time he was out, and we were panting back up the drive. There, I'll swear it wasn't nine minutes from when I dented the wall with that man's head to when we sprang in together, me and the inspector man ; and-our bird was gone. Gone ! 'You've boggled it now i' says the inspector. 'Quick, what was he like ?' 'Like ?' I chokes. 'Why, it was him-the very man as brought that girl to us, and was paying us L2 a week for her keep I Just look ' - 'Oh, what's the matter? Miss Carrie w fete Js,.ied lereý.stood.mcllie;. . r?ingiig lier iilidf iFi the door way. '?JdhiIWI heard liF run otbut Il Eaied'nti` stira pib , jiYou ,don't say Run out !' gasps.. There, she's Y;esr;t*.eas' all coming on mNe.with a sweet ru:h now. 'See it ? She's let him in the hoiuse: Itts .a plot-she's no crpitomaniac .I, Why that bundle didn't I see h'er smu.gle it out of the house and-her boxes :'! Out 'we rushed. "The boxe were I there; in a trice I'd got one open, aind \--well, I'll take my oath there was a hundred solid'poun'ds' worth of trinkets and knick :knacks from different rooms packed into it.' ' Look- look at that ! You've done it I You've done a fine thing, taking that girl off his hands, you have! You'll take another cryptomaniac in' to cure, you.will I You'll put more advertise tients in without imy knowing I' " ' Er--what ?' says the inspector man, flabbergasted. 'You-you don't mean kleptomaniac ? We stared. ' That's, it I we both blubb d out. And, one against the other, in fivw minutes we'd told him about all of it ; and the 'tay that man could stand and laugih, at a minute like that. ' You've cured her !' he says. 'But that ain't it, he's got asiay with some valuables here, I'll lay my life. A man and a girl-I'll have'em inside twenty four hours !'; And he did. And nice and warm we felt when we stood in the police court beside Mir Waring, and it all came out : how a gang of swell thieves, they'd got to hear just how things stood at the House, and taken advantage of Mollie's advertisement to run through it and pack up all the valuables at their case. Really clever, the beak said. They got two years apiece, and Mr.Waring-but never mind the rest. I reckon we cured that disease of hers -and, by gum, it was worth the money !-Tit Bits. 