GENERALITIES. Things don'c turn up in this world until somebody turns them up. There are people whose energy is tireless ; and some, alas ! whose energy is merely tire some. Difficulties are often like ghosts— when you p.nmn in run thorn rlrtnm tViow rlrm'fc nmnnnt. to mucb. LoDgshot — ' Do you consider horseshoes ea emblem of luck V Blanco — 'Yes, when thfy are on the winning horse.' Charles — ?* Miss Spindle has pretty teeth, hasn't she V Maude (spitefully)— ' Yes, end quite inexpensive ones, too.' 3he (passionately)—' Will you ever love another, dearest?' He (wearily — 'No, neve^ If I get out of this affair.' Caller — ' Is Miss Sweetie in ?' Servant — 'No, eir.' 'But I just Baw her come in.'' ' Yes, sir ; but she saw you as well.' Tommy — ' We have got a new baby at our house !' Sally (with upturned nose)— 'We don't wont one ; we've got a piano.' ' Is ho a good Churchman ?' ' Well, he doesn't pray so loud as some of them, but he pays bis pew-rent a good deal more promptly.' Philosophies are formed to account for one's idiosyncrasies, to excuse peccadilloes, to elevate shortcomings, and to satisfy one's vanity. ' I have never met,' he said, ' more than two really lovely women.'- 'Ab,' said she, looking up innocently into his face, 'who was the other V Tom (to his sister) — ' Kitty, if you give me a lie of your cake I'll spoil the piano eo that you won't be able to take a leason for a fort night.' Mrs. Hautleigh— ' Why didn't you f-top,eir, when you saw me wave my hand 1' Bus Con ductor — ' I thought you were throwing me kiafiop, mum.' M»dgc — ' I suppose you ore happy now you have the engagement 'ring ?' Mirjorle- — ' No, my dear. I vvou't be perfeotly heppy until I fiud out what it cost.' Biggs — 'There goes a man who is ap proached with fear and trembling by all who have dealings with him.' BogRS — 'Ah. A cviminal judge or oomnthing of tha% I pre BUtno ?' Bi^gs — ' No, a dentist.' Mrs. Jduos — ' Men never know how much they owe to thoir wives. Now therb'a Mr. Blaulr, who ia praleed l-y evevyone as a buc cosafal man, but what would ho have beon if he had never married ?' Mr. Jones — *( A bachelor, dear.' Customer — ' Waiter, do you remember me * I came in here yesterday and ordered a steak.' Walter — 'Yes, sir; will you have the eame feo-day, sir V Customer— 'Yea, if do one else is using it.' Mra. Youngling (going out) — ' JohD, do you suppose you can hear the baby from where you' are if he wakes up and cries '?.' i John (who is reading the newspapei) — '' I dunno j I hope not.' Moaes, Janior — ' Fader, a shentleman in de shop wants to know if dat all-wool non shrlnkable shirt will shrink 1' Moses, Senior 'Does it fid him?' 'No, id is too big.' ' Yah, id vill shrink.' Plotting Mamma — ' Why do you always take your cousin Nell with you ? Her beauty makes you and your sister look plaic.' Daughter — ' I know it, mamma ; but when we have Nellie with us we never have any trouble finding a policeman to take us across the street.' Amateur Photographer (touring ia the Western States)—' Pardon me, 6ir, but would you object to my taking your daughter just aa she Is ?' Farmer Greene — *? Wa-al, this is oudden ; but take her and be happy. Keep? you=r eyes on him, Sal, till I scoot round for the parson.' Jobson — 'How did Hobson manage to be come engaged to the wealthy Miss Antique ? 1 thought she was a man-hater.' Bob6dn — 'So she was, but when he advieed her not to get a bell for her bicycle, for when she rode it there was already one on it, she immediately, succumbed.' ' I tried that old receipt you gave me for my cold, grandma, and my throat seems worse to-day.' ' Easy, child, easy. I've been col lecting recipes for colds all my life. I think you'll find 325 in my black bag in the work box. Now, be patient. Try another — one Is sure to do for you, darling.'- 'Gentlemen of the jury,' said a blundering counsel in an action about Borne pigs, ' there were just thirty-sis hogs in that drove ; please to remember that fact — thirty-six — just exactly three times as many as there are in that jury box, gentlemen.' That counsel did not gain his caar. She- (sweetly) — 'Ii9t me see, how long eight years, isn't it, darling, since we were married !' He. (proudly condescending) — ' Yes, dear.' She (still sweetly) — ' And you know, darling, that I love you more and more, if possible, every year ?'' He (auopicicue ) — ' Uh-huh ! Um-m ! Yep, a new mantle or a new bonnet V Husband (returning to grand stand from paddock) — ' Confound it. The horse we came down here specially to see bas been scratched— it will not run.' Wife (her first appearance) — 'Will not run on sccount of a mare tcratch 1 How aggravating. Why doiA they put a piece of court plaster on it, and I'll warrant the horse will be a3 good as ever V ' Look here,' eaid Mr. Dobba to the house agent, ' my wife will be calling to-day and I want you to tell her tbat that house we have been looking at is taken .' ' But, my good sir,' protested the afent, ' it isn'c taken.' ' It will bo then,' answered Mr. Dobbs ; ' I am taking it now. Mr?. Dobbs can't make up her mind, but she'll want it directly she thinks Bhe can't get it.' Harry wanted tD give Florrle a birthday present, but could not make up his mind what it should bp, so the next time he called he frankly told her the difficulty under which ho was laboring. ?' Want to make me a present, Harry 7' exclaimed Fiorrie, iu wellcouuter feited astonishment. 'Wby, Harry, you for got yourself !' Harry took the hiat and offered himself on the spot. Tramp— 'i jus dropped in, mum, to one* my new cure for indigestion, dyspepsia, and kindred ailmentB, mum. It may prove a gran1 blessing to your family, mum, aiid I charge you nothing for Ihe proscription.' Housekeeper — ' Well, I must say thal'a reasonable enough. What is the cure ?' Tramp — ' Live on pit iu food and give your rich and indigestible dishes to the poor. I'm the poor, mum.' 'Young man,' said tho mother of the family, confronting him, ' You havo been coining to see my daughter fir moio than a year. H«? you auy reason to think she would ever accept you ivi a lover?' 'Why, I will confess to you, Mr9. GIhhsuv,' reopondud tho youth, meeting her stern g:-za with the feavle?eness o! conscious' rfct.it udi», ' that when she wrapper! her arms round my nick lust uij;ht and his ed me I was almost emboldened to speak out.' 