STARVING- INDIA. (J3y Alfred Rowland, LXI.B.J B.A.) [Preached in Park Chapel, Grouch. End, Sunday, June 3.] "Give vc them to cat."-Uau. xiv. 1G. This is what our Lord said to His fol lowers when they were in the presence of a famished multitude. On that occasion about five thousand men were hungry at the present time in India millions are actually starving. Those men had gone without food for two or three days; these have been suffering far more intensely for many months. If, therefore, Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, to-day, arid for ever, if He sees, and knows, ami feels as He did before His glorification, He is pointing us to India's starving millions, and saying, with greater emphasis than He did then "Give ye them to eat." Those disciples had quite as many rea sons to excuse themselves from all respon sibility as any of us. I can imagine that if some modern Christians had been there they would have argued in this fashion: This hunger is due to the folly of the men thems'elves in coming from their homes with insufficient provision. They ought, therefore, to go and buy for themselves; and their long trudge to the nearest village will teach them to "be a little more careful in the future. Besides, is it not quite con trary to the principles of political economy to give without some return in labor; in deed, is it not a Divine law that if a man will not work neither shall he eat? To feed them gratuitously will tend to pauperise them, and others hearing of it will be only too ready to imagine that if they follow Jesus He will see that they are fed. Fur ther, we hold that the Government- is. re sponsible. We pay our rates and taxes, and expect tliat adequate provision will be made for the destitute-and this Go vernment job . is quite too big for private charity to meet. Or, look ing higher, as one oujjht to do, God can provide, and if He does not there is doubtless some good reason for all this suffering. Of course, we hope it will soon be over, but since we are none too well off ourselves, we do not feel called upon to give up for the benefit of others whom we do not know what we have honestly earned by the sweat of our face." Is not that a fair statement of the sen timents of men who are now asked to feed the famishing? It. was otherwise then. Even Thomas Didymus does not seem to have been sceptical of good result; anil even Ju'das Iscariot did not refuse to obey the command of Jesus-'""Give ye them "to eat." Yet those people who were to be relieved were not dying of starvation a3 these are doing; nor hud they far to go In order 'to buy themselves victuals, though these drop dead by 'the roadside before they can reach the poor-houses or the re lief works. Surely as Christ's followers we have our personal share of responsibility for the lives lost and the sufferings en dured. . _ Lot us ask ourselves how it was that for a far lesser evil than 'that which con fronts ns, there was then more readiness on the pjirt of 'our Lord's disciples than now-indeed, such eagerness to help that they gave up all the provisions they had for themselves. I believe it was because they actually saw the need, whereas we are very slow to recognise it. The fact that .people tare dying: by tens- of thousands affects i;s far less than would the death of one little child left on our own door step. We should not adt over the sad ness and horror of that for years-but It is what is happening out yonder every flay. TEE F.WLDvB AXD (THE WAR. Another carrse of lessened sympathy is- that the tragedy of this famine is over shadowed by other events. TBe war in South Africa, absorbs interest. It fills the columns of our papers. It clamors for help, wihich we willingly and rightly give to those wounded in fighting for the Queen, or to the Families of those who have fallen: and since national charity has its limits (?whicih «rre, however, far narrower tihan they ought to -Be), the starving millions are overlooked while we concentrate,.cm* sympathy on the suffering thousands. 1 It is because information about this famine is crowded out of the papers that-sympathy and help are far less than iihey have 'been on previous occasion sT. and it is partly to redtify this that I speak about starvation- in- India. . * " , In the House of Commons lately Lord George Hamilton stated that this is She worst famine India has known during the present century, yet, although over a mil lion of money was subscribed on a previous occasion, a much smaller sum has been raised this year. It is computed that nearly GO millions of people are affected 'by plague, pestilence, and famine, and the Government is providing for about 6,000,000 of them. Within the memory of living men there have been five great'famines in India. The first was in 1S33, when 200,000 died of-starvation. In 18G6 l,aOO,OGO perished, and in 18/7 the statistics ivere so appalling that they were never fully published. Yet it is said by those in authority that this famine is more awful in its effects than any before. The causes of these recurrent disasters are first- the failure of the monsoon rains from June to September on: the eastern, side, and from October to November on' the south-east shore. Secondly, over-popu lation, -ivhieh is a result of the improved condition of the people under British rule, the abolition of tribal "svaxs, of infanticide, better sanitary la-svs and the like, so that there are now fifty million more people in India -than "when. William Carey preached, a century ago. A third cause is that speculators in grain have shipped out of the country -what ivas needed in it, -while others have held for higher prices, regard less of the old proverb, "He that with iidldeth corn, the people shall curse him."' This last is an evil in many countries, and affects not only corn but other necessaries o'f life, and I 'hope that at no -distant day enlightened na'fckms -svill put down these trusts and syndicates which by unrighteous coircbination enrich the few to the impove rrshmen't of tie many. This, however, is n-oit the time or place for discussing ques tion's of political economy, although ivo may TveE pray for "wisdom cm behalf of afl tlifcee who -control national affairs, that the day -may come -when the government of the people shall foe 'by the people arid for Wie people. THE GOOD SAMARITAN AT WORK. It is only right to say ttat in the mitiga tion of -this .misery the Indian Government is Q'oing ramy. is you wiu compare w Mdhamm'edbji government of the Nizam with the 'Ohns'nan government of England you will see that British rule is not .only just but beneficent. But our rulers con fess tliat they are unable to cope_ with a tragedy so vast, and declare tliait for the present, unless th'ere be generous help in addition 'to what they can render, the peo ple must perish in hundreds of thbusmds. Many of the worst sufferers are within tie territories of .native rulers, -whose under lings too often are untrustworthy, so that help must go through Christian mission aries ? of various denominations, and ?through these sve propose to send it. And ivtihliln British territory the difficulties wfhidh make adequate Govienimen't assis tance impossible are obvious to any thoughtful man. The district affected is as large as all France, Germany, Austria, and Italy put together, and comprises as many different nationalities, speiaking as many different languages, and numbering nearly 100,000,000 souls, so that it is im possible to establish relief works and poor houses within reach of all. Hence the starv ing people have to walk sometimes 150 miles for food, and die on their journey in hundreds. A couple of months ago a Salva tioa- .jtan^Iass -tfa# roadside father lying dead with, a little dead child beside Aim. The poor mother was still alive, with a dead child in her arms. The girl, moved by a great pity, sat d-own be side her, laid her head on her shoulder, spoke a. few words of sympathy-then leel ing a sudden weight oil her 'bosom, she looked down and iound that while she was speaking the poor creature had died in her arms. And what of those who do manage to reach the relief works? A starving man receives an anna a day, that is one'penny, which cannot support him and his family, wliile a woman who drags herself so far receives three pice, or in our money three farthings. The value of that you may easily compute when I tell you that the general wage, in ordinary times, is 2d. a day, and that now food is quadrupled in price! Besides, When jjeople are ill, as most of these are, they require food other than rice and corn. I was reading last week of a girl ten years old, so starved that she could not assimilate any food at all, and died of dysentery, her bones protruding through the skin in spite of six weeks' loving care from a lady missionary. All the Government can do is to supply bare necessaries of life, and some from loy alty to caste will not even avail them selves of this. Besides nearly all the people now are destitute of clothing, have sojd all their furniture, and even stripped oil and sold the wooden roofs of their homes in order to maintain life a little longer-while helpless children-left fatherless and motherless-can only be saved alive in famine by English generosity put forth through our noble missionaries. IMPERIAL BENEFICENCE. Does not God, who loves all men, and yearns over little cliildren. sav to us all '"Give ye them to eat?" We boast of our imperial ixnwer. It is less to be boasted of than to be trembled over. We stagger under '"the white man's burden." of which this is a part To fill the mouth of famine, And bid the plague to cease. And only as God endues us witli sym pathy, courage, and self-denial, shall"we escape the retribution which will fail on those who have shut their ears and steeled their hearts against the ghastly tragedy which is just now crushing India. It is not beyond our power. We are spending about 100 millions of money over this unhappy war in .South Africa, and whatever its results we all wish it could have been expended in saving life rather than in destroying it. But the whole population of South Africa does not number so many as are now beinj; fed day by day by our Government in India to keep them from starvation. And while it was natural that c-ur hearts should bleed over the raiffcrings of the be sieged 'people in Kimberley, Ladysmith, and Mafcking, they were only thousands as against millions who have more reason to say with Drydcn: Famine so fierce that what's denied men's use, E'en deadly, plants, and ~herbs of poisonous juice. Will hunger eat; and to prolong- our breath, : We Kreedily devour our certain death. The soldier in th' assault of famine falls, And ghosts not rati; ara. watchcrs on the avails. Well, thank God! our own countrymen have been relieved in nil those belea guered towns;. they have all their wants supplied- and are recovering rapidly from the effects of their privation; and now if only in gratitude for their relief, with the sympathy of those who have had the pangs of hunger brought nearer to them, we must care for our starving fellow sirbjecjs in India. For many of them are subjects of the same Queen. God has made them and us or one blood. They were redeemed of the same Saviour. In His name, and for His sake, we must send relief unto these our brethren, and show them that our Christian faith tcaches us- not only to love the Lord with all our heart, but also to love our neigh bors as ourselves. THE STARVATION DEATH ROLL. , I am persuaded that if we could spend one week among those starving folk we. should give for their relief to the utmost of our power. One missionary, Rev. Sin clair Stevenson, 'has taken no fewer than seventy tiny children and babes under his sole charge-for their parents were dead, and he could not let t'hem die too. Within -lialf a mile of his 'house he found three Corpses one mjorning, while Dr. .McKaig, at South Eampur, Gujerat, found' sixteen corpses within two hundred yards of his house, and on the following morning count ed ten more within the same distance. If twopence a week would have kept each one of 'those alive, ought we not to save Others by contributing so small a sum, and ought not many of you give enough to rescue multitudes? Meanwhile the mortality is terrible. It is said by a resident in the Bhil coun'trv that this is practically the last that will be seen of -that interesting race. He has entered their huts only to see a row of living skeletons waiting for death,- and adds:-"They just look up when I go_ln, and say "Salaam, Father,"'' and . relapso iirto silence. All their cattle are dead and eaten. Water is dried .up in nearly all the wells, while every tree capable of being used for food has been stepped of bark, and nothing now stands between them and death. Well, I suppose figures fail altogether to rouse the imagination, or io touch the heart. I close, therefore, with a fact or two-'terribly sad though it is to tell or to hear them. It wife at a mission school where small quantities of food were being given away eatfh day. A little fellow, only eight years old, came in to ask for a handful of grain. He had wiiSked alone 18 miles-fa. the' hbpe of it, and when a little Was given 'him his eyes filled with .tears, and 'throwing himself at the giver's feet he quietly kissed them. The parents of India are as affwtionats to their children as you axe. Yet they are ipartang with them in this famine 'time in the spirit of .Htigar w3ren she cried, "O God, let me !not see the death of the child." They make over their children to anyone who 'will promise to feed them; though too often this one has proved an emissary of the devil, intending to lead them to a life of shame worse tihan In. Jiajputana a father and mother found 'tfhenfselvea utterly unable to obtain food for their little daughter. They, therefore, sold her for tavo rupees to someone "who promised to maintain her. They laid out the money on some jowari and <IhaJ, -which they cooked for-fcheir evening repast. Then they sat down toge'Bher to the first full meal rhey 'bad seen for m'any a l'ong day. But as they looked at the food in sad silence and bethought them of the price they had jxsid for it, thedr awn dear child, they glanced ,-rfc each other and both burst iirto tears. Then, leaving the food un touched, theywent out and-drowned them selves in the (nearest well. Is it any -wonder that missionaries, though poor themselves, are selling grain at a loss? I3 it any -wonder tiiat they are crowding their rooms and outhouses -with sufferers, one of them taking in no less than. 96 starving -widows and children? And -will you not help them in this work of mercy? It is 'possible for you to . save the lives of a few at- least who, but j for your help, must perish. Most of them are your fellow-subjects; some of of them are your feDo^-Chnstians; for all of them Jesus died; over them, all He yearns.in loving compassion and He says to you, who, like the first disciples, havie not much to spare, "Give ye them to eat." -Brethren, the day is coining when to all who serve their fellows for His dear sake, He will say, "Came, ye blessed of IMy Father, inherit the kingdom pre pared for you from the foundation: of the world; for I was a-ihungered audi ye gave me meat, I was thirsty and ye gave jile drink. ... For inasmuch as ye did it to one of the least of these, my brethren, ye did it unto me." May that "be said to you and me! Amen. 