Three Doctors Iu Consullnlion. From Reojhtnin Franklin. " When you are aide, what yon like bc*t le to lie eho*n for a roedicinc in the first place • trtwt experience tells you is best, to be cfcoMtn fa tb« woond place ; what reason (J«,, Ibi-ory) an In beat ia to be chosen in tiw tent place, not il y<m cat! get Dr iuclf- «aiiot>, Dr Experience and Dr Reason to hold a txmraltatf on t/>trether, they will cive tw the beat advfoa that can be taken." VP ,HlVG » c o l d Dr Ioolina- *^W m»r»fpend Ohapfbprlain', S W J 1 ^ * ptaUit mid tffMtl) ftWOH bmuao It iwror fails to Mil Dr "That awful place!" he ejaculated, 'Tlx never again cross the threshold of it. The Septimus Dorset episode was bad enough j then Dr. Strong disappeared for a time, and now the detectives ate gone, and in their room there is the corpse or ghost of Raymond Ballantyne. Mystery and honer upon horror." " Christopher, whatever is the matter With you V" exclaimed Alice Broadface, when her brother staggered rather than walked into the parlour where she eat Waiting for him. " Bring me some brandy, Alice," he said, Without a word she hurried into the dining-room for the spirit. He drank nearly half a tumbler cf it at a draught. " 1 am only a bit faint and exhausted," he said, " don't ask a.ny questions until the morning." When the morning came, however, he was just as retizont. " i was iecJiug tired and ill," was all that his sister could get out of him. The fact was bis previous eij.«rioDce of tlie mystery of Sea-Cliff Towers had been sufficient to determine liim that in his case ** the least said the soonest mended," and he resolved to keep his own counsel; he had Eeen no one, ami as far as fceknew had not been SLCII, 60 whether what he had seen or felt was ghost or corpse, he would not be drawn further into the ghastly affair. " Good heaven !" he exclaimed to himsaJf, " to think of the crimes that must have been committed in that house—what au inheritance for a woman !" Mr. Broadface was not wrong in regard to Sea-Cliil Tjwers being a singular inheritance for a woman. Yet it is women who, more often than not, become the possessors of the results of crimes which men have comu/ittcd; and under auch burdens there are few men who will carry themselves with the composure and patient fortitude which most women will. They who under the little ills of life Ahow impatience and petulance eo quickly will often, K-hen confronted by a series of overwhelming disasters and misfortunes, display quiet,TJatient heroism, which commands attention and respect. When Beatrice was made aware of the full details of the story which the detectives had to tell, and knew that the "orps • of both her unule and her late legal adviser aud would-be suitor lay in the north end chainijer of the house, she was horrified, and felt that the burden ivas greater than she could bear. Fortunately Dr. Strong was very much better, end he and Grace were able to advise her, and the painful incidents associated with the inquest were made as little distressing to her a6 possible. She bore up wonderfully under the siio k The inquest, which was held in a room of the only hotel thut the village boasted, lasted for two days, the jurors spending an afternoon in the inspection of the fateful bed chamber and its surroundings, from which two men, at least, had descended to their death. The proceedings were preatly protracted, through the difficulty of the jurors arriving at a verdict. The detectives were simply staggered at the position, for there was absolutely no evidence forthcoming which could be successfully used in support of a ch irge of murder. Sirs Dalbert w- s sti.l at large. By the advice of his solicitor, Seth Itosedale gave no evidence in the ca^e, as he was under arrest cn a charge of murder. But the question suggested to the jury was, how could it be proved to have been murder ? Neither the diy, mummified form of Raymond Ballantyne nor the corpse of Septimus Dorset showed marks of violence, even under post mortem examination. Dr. Strong saw no assailant, and could only give evidence that violence was offered him by some person or persona unknown; beyond tiie revolver having been dashed from his band by something or someone, he knew of little which suggested any premeditated violence to himself. Raymond Ballantyne might have died a natural death, and iSepiimu-i Doi?et might have met his death by accidentally falling into the shaft of the blow-hole ; they wens twelve mon of ordinary intelligence, and they spent hours in carefully considering tho case, but after all their deliberations, they could not find it on their consciences to return other iban an open verdict. A c ever :awyer wou'd, no doubt, have elicited a good deal morj from Miss Bails mine.- but she w.is in a weak state of health, and much liistu-ssed over the painful a'lair. The detectives did uot pre<s matters, foi they we;e anxiously huijt:ng for Mrs. Dalbert, aud they iuti-nded to resetve their strength for the trial; tlioy had ol tained two remands in tlie case of Seth Hosedale, and bail was refused. Iu iheir experience of crime and criminals they had never met with a more baffling case; everything pointed to a carefully planned and cleverly executed series of crimes, and yet there was thus far no actuf.l proof that any crime had been committed, and it waa po sible that even the unit of Mrs. Dalbert might not yield «ny fresh evidence of importance. Probably, also, there had never been a case more exasperating to the public n»ind than this iix the criminal records of the colonies. It was a mystery of the first order, and most people wanted to prove that- it was a criminal mystery, but, unfortunately, the evidence fell short. However, the deaths of two m.*n were to be accounted for, and tho police hoped that they could rake up sufficient evidence to convict Seth Ecssdalo, eo. by dint of unusual effort, they secured bis committal for trial at the ensuing quarter sessions, and not only tho legal world, lut the genera] public awaited anxiously the outcome of the trial. Dr. Strong, Miss Ballautyne, Grace Strong, the Rev. Christopher Broadface, Donald Dorset, and a number of other witnesses, were served with subpoenas to appear and give evidence. The one thing which especially irritated tne curious was that the subterraneous eaves, icc., below Sea-Cliff Towers, were not accessible to outsiders. Adventurous individual- risked their lives :n attempting to discover the means of access from the rocks, and on calm days, at low tide, all ?prte and ponditioriji pf men might have poen seen Roping about, on the look-out for the entrance to the underground passage; bat, strange to say, either their pluck or sagacity failed them, for no on* seemed able to discover it. The taot was; the raggea front which the rocks presented to the ocean was so seamed, and scarred, and indented with Caves and fia-ures, that it was a matter of no ordinary Inxard to attempt to find the plaoe at all. Yet foolhardy individuals persisted in tho search upon ttie slipj»ery surfaces, with the groat rollers of a treacherous sea breaking behind tln ni, uulil the police were compiled to put up notices warning >ublic off the dangerous quest. " Miss 5ialiautyoe, on Or- Strong's advice, stoutly rofused any aooofs to tho subterranean ruoiBi from tho Towers, The polioe were tho only persons who ere allowed access to the rooms associated with the mystery, and William was occupied for daya together in defending the place against Crowds of reporters, and photographers, and curious individuals, who came prepared with flashlights and all other necessary applianoes to take photographs of the bedroom, and lift, and cares, and «ven the subterranean blow-hole, and part was their fcStottiahment and indigna- POR *t b»ing met with % Refusal. As i| ^ Mterior £feot«jrFaptw tf Miss autao* trwfo la illustrated journal in £hs colonies, and anj fresh news concerning "The Mystery Sea-Cliff Towers ' proved the beet meaBs. for weelcB, of working off a late dtiion of the evening papers. Dr. Strong and the Towns r«onscJ»?» were all of opinion that both &>ymo;id Ballentyne and Septimus Dorset hivl met their deaths by unfair means. But the proof was wanting, and indeed also the motive to a crime on the part of Sefcb Hosedale, so in his own quiet way Di Strong set. himself to discover mor» about the matter. CHAPTER XXELL BE ATE ICE AKD THC DOCTOR. It was, no doubt, a tangled skein that Dr. Strong had set himself to unravel, bat he had several powerful incentives to perseverance. He had only narrowly escaped with his own life, for the hand that bound him wheu unconscious would undoubtedly, •tat for Mrs. Dalbert, have left him then M ri e. T nen, too, his interest in Miss Ballantyne urged him to seriously attempt the solution of the mystery ; and onoe set upon it, he found to his intense satisfaction that the mistress of the Towers was just as eager to obtain the nolution of t^ie mystery as himself, and that the pui<«uit brought him into very close and confidential istsraoorse with her. Happy is the lover who can find a common subject of study or pursuit with the mistress of his heart. Especially if its character is such as to lead her to defer to his judgment and experience, and cause her to look to him for continual advice and guidance. This was the present stato of affairs at the Towers, for both Beatrice, Grace, and the doctor had committed themselves to the investigation of tbe mystery ; bat it was Hiss Ballantyne and th j doctor who were the real principals in the inquiry. It was a very good thing for Beatrice that events had- so turned oat, for in tiie doctor she had one to relieve her mind in regard to the part she had played in the case of Septimus Dorset. " Did it never occur to you that Mir. Dorset may have had for more knowledge of affairs down here than he told you of ?" asked the doctor the following afternoon of Beatrice. Miss Ballantyne had been telling Dr. Strong what she' could remember of her interviews with Septimus Dorset, and shs reca'led the feeling which she had, at the time, of something having been kept back by him. \- My own opinion," said Dr Strong, " is that there has been a ceeplv-Jaid plot, extending back over a number of years, and that the death of Septimus Dorset was almost as essential to its success as that of your uncle Raymond I would very much like to see this .Seth Boscdale; if he is the chief actor in this tragic scries of crimes, he must be a remarkably clever and accomplished criminal.'' Beatrice felt that the doctor was avoiding any leference to her own share in the tragic end of the lawyer, and hankered, with feminine pertinacity, for some expression of of ibiou from him. " What do you think 1 should have done, doctor, when I discovered that there was a secret lift in the north bedrojin .' " she asked. '•Under the circumst.iuces, it was most difficult to have known what to have done. Vou had no frien i to ask advice of except your lawyer, and he did not prove hituseif exactly a friend, nor as open and candid in regard to your late uncle's affairs as he might have been. It would no dcubt have bteu better had you warned hiui, or in some way have put him upon his guard ; but. as a j lawver, he ought to have been upon his guard, especially knowing what he did about the place and its surroundings. . nd your uncle's reiatioi.s with Mrs Dalbert."' You do not blame me, then, for bringing him out here that night,*' said Beatrice, softly. | " No, I don't," said the <ioct r, stoutly, "at 1-ast. not under tbe circumstances." He knew that he had a difficult case in han-1. and should Lave been upon his gu:.r»l. Do yu think that wheu a do -tor is called in 10 attend some bard ca>e that he is met with a caution to be upon his guard an t protcct himself against contagion Not a bit of it : he has the case in hand professionally, and takes the risk." Beatrice felt that there was a bit of sopi.istry in this special pleading of the doctor's, but it pleasei her. She t'elt, too. that he. at any rate, was on her side, and something to!-l her u.at lie would iliink little of risking his life fo- her. In f«ct he was to be fru-titi out an-i o t. The days passed quickly, and ai>h»ugh IK t*tron.s wa> quit.- reeoverkl. h.- :unj JJIS .-is tr continued guvsts of niss Ballantyne ai thr lowers. Neither liesttrice i,or her housei>o d w .bid hav«- ca• el t.< r m in thcie without the stunlv presence of th docor. who^- iin^i Mt; v. ice and eheerfui demeanor had a wholesome effect upon evi rymie- Gmce, too, «as ch- erf .1, f..r it was eviilei.t tohcrt'-Mt then 1 was some hins: uio'e t-- afriend hip pio»vi - u.» iH^tw.-en her briber and hei new-found f i-nd—fo thr ui liking of 'he two giils ban drv.-iup^l n r> genu'ue friendship. Neither Heat rice nor Grace were disposed to sudden likiugs, as some girls are; but in this case thee was so much in their characters aud dispositions which suited each other, that what at another time and under otl-er circumstances might have taken months to ilevelo|>e, was accomplished in a few dajs. There wts very little said. Mid very linle demonstration, bnt each felt that they were to the other as sisters, and that ! it was a frien ship which would continue i throughout their lives. 1 he doctor noted this with teen satisfaction, but said nothing to Grace. In fact, like mcst of the lasting attachments in life, it was a thin? of intuition and feeling all around, rather than of words. Dr. Strong knew that his love was given to Beairice, and he believed that it was to some extent already returned; but ueither by look nor woid, in any way, was the emotloa of the heart revealed. Nor would it be for months to come. In such a case, a man like the Rev. Christopher Broadface wonld have stumbled into a declaration in a day—and possibly have spoiled everything; "but not so the doctor. lie would have the sacred dawnlight of love piotractea as long as possible. In lands where the sun lingers longest upon the threshold of tho mora and eve the day is longest. In these hot Australian lands the sun leaps into Hie hmvons, and day commences its passionate life and movement with scarcely any prelude or introduction. But in more "northern regions the daybreak is a thing of deliberation and gradual development. And tbose sacred hours of sunrise, who would forego Love at first sight by no means demands a declaration at the first opportunity. Ti e strongest soqls are those that can wait.feelia^the Joy of loviogand b-ing loved, when, as the PsalmUt puts it. "There is no speech nor language, and their voioo is uot heard." The divinest moments in Nature's life are those which precede the actual rising of the son. And so wuh the noblest emotions of the heart and mind. It is the joy ot those days when tiro hearts beat in union, and in *ile*ce, which is longest and most dearly remembered. Alas, for the impatience of life! How much it loses to the young and thoughtless and inexperienced. Not without suffering and solf-denial and discipline is the highest good of life enjoyed. Knough, however, has been said to indicate the state of aff.-tirg whioh was now fast developing between Beatrice Ballantyne and J hn Strong. It m the subtle growth of two matured miads towards each other. If undisturbed, the natural result would be that the two would become merged into one. The old adage Bars:— The course of true love mover did run smooth," but that is b cause the world is so full of b tm bodies, and other' jealous and obnoxious individuals. It must not be imagined by tiie reader that the doctor entered into the ghastly detaik of the Tower's i^ystery with I3eatrio$ a< a tn&tter; of ordinary conversation. It vns only at «et and opportune time* that the matter was discussed, although it was probably seldom out of their thou ;hta. Mra. Dalbert hac been arrested at last/* mid the doctor gravely to his sister and Beatrice oie arbecnoon about a week after ttiatiiHit means of saving mv life Y' said Dr. Strong, quietly. Yes," said Be a tries. " I am EO.-tv, *«>->. on thf.t a.cn <uit," f-aic: the doctor, " but I thin'- that wit ii mt bothers would have been a missing link." " Where was she arrosted ?"' asked Gracf. " In Sydney, nnd almost within a stone'.- throw of a poli e station." s id th J doctor, smiling. "She will be brought up at the police court to-morrow, and wo shall all have to :ar as witnesses," lie continued, le result of the preliminary proceedings at the court the next morning was that Meta PsJbert was committed to take her trial with Setr. Roseda'e for the wilful murder of Raymond Ballentyne and Septimus Dorset. (To be Continued) FUTURE CHAPTERS 24.—A Consultation. 25.—A Fresh Discovery. 28.—The Fifth of November. 27.—The Day of Trial. 28.—News froui Sea Cliff. 29.—More than a Brother. 