POPULAR SUPERSTITIONS. SOME REFLECTIONS. WITHOUT A MORAL. One raven roiua, Ponrat ami presage Rritn. pr««aso Sn:, Sooo without draught or tolt3— i-t3uro; cr ooiuit— Soon it, all up with his— Up vi:b jjira Thus carols forth the afflicted Prince in' "La Mascotte," to the intense enjpyment of the audience, which. regularly encores the song, without in tho least reflecting that a large proportion of the? present arc the victims of snirstiiions even more ridiculous than those which add such a eplce to the ovei -hubbling mirth of Audran's famous cvmic opera. If you were to tell the average Australian that he was superrtiticus by nature he would doubtivsa indignantly deny the charge. If you were to offer him a LU) note to sleep in the old cemetery, the chances are that lie would accept the offer. But if you wore to endeavor to convince him that ih'-re is no such thing as luck; that because tho left bower of hearts had bc-en turned up vix tlm-?-: in succession the odds or Its being exposed a seventh time wer-> the same, neither more nor less than they were before, h-: would undoubtedly regard you na an amiable lunatic: and the great body of the public would fully a gre with him. Most people are inclined to define su perstition generally a a "b.'llef In ghosts, and other rubbish of that rert. It has always appeared to us that our good friends the spiritualists, who cher ish a very warm affection for these in habitants of shadow land, are by no means wise in thvir method of meeting the gibes of the scoffers. Instead of throwing the onus of proofs on the un believer, they pin their faith to the de monstration. not that It Is impossible to disprove the existence of spirit?, but that some particuix" »?pook" who has been called in from the spiritual regions to a tete-a-tete In a medium's back par lour, Is the real, genuine, unadulterat ed disembodiment of a former mortal. And so, when tlie presumed spiritual visitors are dr.v,"god out suddenly Into the full glare of the gas. and invariably turn out to be the medium in u sheet, the conqucncts arc, to rv.y/the least of it. unpleasant. Yet it is un doubted that the occasional appearance of tho suburban gho't. armed with pre cisely tho same paraphernalia, has fre quently caused the knees of the most profound sceptic so knock together in pure horror — And each particular hair v> stand on end, Like qullli upon the fretful porcupluc. The difference, al :er all, Is only a matter of environment. One is moonshine, and the other Is moon'Jight. Your medium's "'spook" is, after all. a poor thing— mote poor than deinium, In fact. He may have a ghostly appear ance, or a ghostly speaking voice, bnt he doesn't seem to possess the ghost of a show of HSif-confi/Jence. Why should he be tailed away from the proper business of his own ghostly concerns at the will of a medium, and for the pleasure of some perfect stranger, who chooses to hand ovr hnif-a-erown, in thu pouching of wlilc-h. mark you, the spirit has no share Why canft he say, "Oh. I'm busy now." or "I have a pressing engagement to meet a gentleman of suicidal impulse, out at four cross roads in the country." ot make any other nuch simple and rational excuse Tho pruper business of a ghost, according to approved authorities, needs particularly close occupation. A cpook who has to go round trailing chains, or pointing out splashes of blood on his even ing dress shirt front, or wailing like an infant, can't !»? expected to attend much to chance focicty functions. It natural ly takes Ills mJrid off his work, and In- disposes hlin to perform it satisfactorily to himself or anybody else. None tlie less w© should he sorry to see our gliosis abolished before what people call the "Onward march of progress." We have all of up our own private spectres, each necessary to fill a long-felt want. Raring men are peculiarly addicted tp Invoking the supernatural— possibly from their intimate connection with "stiffun?." On the eve of- tin impor tant nice meeting especially, i lie so splrituul vbjitants are In the habit of iinnifestfng themselves in dreatns. and giving ghostly advice as to the possible winner of the eyent. It is true that these utterances are usually oracular, and in finitely capable of a wrong interpretation, but the spiritual Up has a large and In creasing vogue-, nnd the number of people who would infinitely prefer the "straight griffin" from a well authenticated night mare. to the "office" from the hors-:-owner himself. Is legion. You can depend upon a gliost for a "dead bird." We have our doubts whether tho old legend of the unluckJncs of sitting thir teen u> table is altogether indigenous. It smacks a trifle of French swagger, al though It is, we believe, prevalent In cer tain of the upper circles— the circle has ever been a favorite spiritualistic emblem. Still, we have not, so far, heard that the profession of the quatorzieme. tltc polite young man who 1h engaged to make up a fourteenth in cam of emergency, has thriven in Melbourne. But there are plenty of houses where, if you spll) tho salt, the host or hostess will gravely arise and turn a chair round three times, or surreptitiously throw a pinch over the shoulder— "Not that there Is anything In it. of course, but still one may as well be on the safe «lde." We confess to some sympathy wljth the thousands of people who won't walk under a ladder for fear a thunderbolt should de scend and kill them. The expected twit from tlie blue may be off duty for the time being: but there is always tho chance that the man at the top Isn't, and a hammer or a pot of paint, if less smacking of the supernatural, Is at least equally effective In its way. If there in something m fatal about the number 33, why don't the majority of the population die nt that Immature period of thrfr teens? It is a-guwky age. all wrists and elbows, and might well be spared by a world too fertile in enfants terribles. Still, the thirteen years older skips over that critical period of exis tence with a llght-heartodncss revolting to the Inner coiisclousntait of well regu lated people. Similarly it Is hard to ac count for the popular belief in the un- luckinotH of Friday. Many business Arms select thnt day for the payment of their staffs, and we have never heard that the employes offer any objection to the practice, or that the money which they receive is fairy gold, or turns to a wither ed leaf In their hands, or, in fact, suffers any transmogrification whatever, except the natural one of conversion into small change, and finally into nothingness, in deed, we have come across no reason for decrying Friday, oxcopt tlie very evident one that U marks the longest possible interval to next week's salary. By the simple process of turning one's money in one's pockets ot» the 'occasion of a ucw moon a fortune is assured. This Is certainly irritating to the large class of people who lack the initial necessary for the operation. Modern society owns to a keen desire, for the establishment of the old age pension fund; yet neither Sir George Turner nor any other studc?nt of social legislation has hit uon the sim ple expedient of going out at each new moon with a pocketful of threepenny pieces, ortd, providing tho poverty-strick en with the means of performing tho happy coojuration. In which cimc there would be no necessity for making any provision for old age at ail, Palmistry, nguin, affords fin ample field for the dabbler In tho minor mys teries of the black art. By the number and course of the lines on the hand, the necromancer predicts with certainty the future horoscope of the neophyU, no that for the ormdi sum of a shilling you may know with certainty whether fate has In store a lucky drawing In Tatter- aall'B sweep, or a murderous railway ac cident on a particular day, on which It Is wise to patronise the cable tram. Tho palmist, almost Invariably diagnoses a happy marriage and a largo family. This is probably why washerwomen, whose profession naturally tends to the formation of wrinkles on the hand, have usualijr a husband to support aad thing from balf-a-dozen to a dozen chil dren. There used to be a belief tlmt opals brought Ill-fortune to the wearer. In the ante-bjom days, no well brought up girl would think of accepting opals from tlie hands of her accepted suitor— not while there was a diamond about. Now adays the old superstition seems to l>e moribund, if not dead. Judging by tbo windows of the Jewellrs' shops there is even something vers like a run upon the cheaper gem. So marked, indeed. Is the change in popular feeling, that we have even heard of cases— breach of promise ones, especially— in which the aggrieved maiden has indignantly refused to re turn a set of opals which has been in cluded among the presents of early tenderness. Too often, alas, has the course of true love been disturbed by such stones us these. We need not inquire why scis sors should popularly be supposed to cut , love, or why some people should so scrupulously refrain from making any present of which steel is a component part. Wc only know- that these articles nf faith are rigidly h-.-id by people who profess to have no belief in them. Again. In what consists the "supposed advantage to be derived from leaving an infant's nulls uncut till it bar reached tlie age of 12 months, we do not know. H Is. however, very popular among a large class of mother?. Cut then tho whole business of baby worship with the nwnberie.-s celebra tions attendant thereon is a mystery which no mere man may be permitted to penetrate. It is bused upon the cardinal axiom tliat each new baby is the finest and best that ever was born, and that is the mo?: deep rooted and general superstition of oil. 