THE GHOST OF AIRLIE. Spectral Drummer Who Sounds the Tattoo of Death Who heard the ghostly drummer of Gortachy Castle beat the death-roll of the late Eiirl of Airiie? His spectral tattoo is ever the herald of death to the heads of the Ogilvys. In bygone times there was a drummer who drummed for the "Bonny House of Airiy."' The •wretched player offended the eal'l of those days and'waE tied up in his own drum and flung from a high tower. After vainly pleading for his life the poor little drummer threatened that hir ghost should haunt the fainily for ever and ever. Legend has it that generation aftor generation the dead drummer has sounded the last post for Earl and Countess of Airlie, and the roll of his drum has through the long centuries blanched the faces of many inmates of Cortachy Castle. In 1S45 a visitor at Cortachy was dressing for dinner. A tattoo was beaten beneath her window. The lady listened in sus-Tirise, for as far as she knew there were no bandsmen at the castle. Going down to dinner she said to her host—"Who is it i f!„-" s die drum so skilfully outside the ea ^tJii"' -i r l turned pale and shiyered. The countess could not hide'her tear. Ihe face of every Ogilw at the I deadly white. Within . a •week the countess &v; in her shroud The drummer was the spectre of Cortachy Castle. A few years later a voung Englishman WHO was to shoot witfi Lord Ogilw, the eldest son, at the Tulchan, a shooting lodge at the bead of G-lenshoe, missed his way. The night was wild, and darkness had long set in before he saw the lights or the shooting lodge. Then up the glen came the long» roll of the drum- There could be no mistaking it. "Who could be playing out of doors on such a night?" he asked Lord Ogihy. "Silence;," was his only answer. It was the dead drummer of Cortachy Castle. -The Earl of Airlie died in London within less than a week. When the father of the Earl of Airlie <who fell in South Africa last Moiiday -died, it is said that the drummer did not sound his drum. It may be true. Perhaps he has not beaten it on this occofikk. But the coun-. tryside will not 'be denied their ghost, and it may be that we shall soon hear that the spectral drum was heard at Gortachy the day before the gallant' cavalryman 'fen in South Africa;—"Daily Mafl." 