Bellsfotii Men ef IndUm took for a Huilah. a' uruieuy mu worsnip or tuc red men was vague. They were pantheists who saw the Deity In the whirlwind and iu the storm, uuil in every phenomenon, and it should certainly etund to the credit of their susceptibility aud adapt ability ihnt ti.i'j liave became bo Im pressed toy ilic Christianity which bus been taught tbem that their spirituality has taken (shape ju conformity there with. 11 le true that their Ideas of th* expected millennium are somewhat dif ferent from ours ; for in metaphorically separating tl:t> *htep from the goals they draw the " colour Hue" at Indian red, consigning their white oppressors to oblivion And punishment, and the aboriginal elect to a replenished buff/ilo fiinge and a good riddance from white i domination. j Iu the accomplishment of this nity-j, coveted :csu<rniiuu, It Is sigulticuiit nnd I soothing, as respects the question of a general uprising, whoch some so per sistently apprehend, that the Indians | expert ;hc Messiah alone to act. They i do not prupoBe to take part themselves. They expect ever; thing to be done for them Tlicy simply press the button ; the Messiah does the rest. They are well aware of the superior numerical strength and marvellous expedients and appliances of the white people, and the distressful melts to which their own tribes are now reduced. They are practically bors de combat, and will not venture to act In a body without the prospect of supernatural assistance. Kalse prophets and mercenary men may Inspire some of them with a promise of thin, and there may be on occasions foolhardy individuals, and even bauds, who will run amuck under a frenzy of fanatical excitement, or perhaps go on the warpath. But the great mass of the Indian people is likely to remain In quiet expectancy of the advent or go about their business with faith and re signation. Should the Messiah fall to come, and prophecies come to uaught, as they have repeatedly done with all adventiste for the past {fifty years, and iudeed for eighteen centuries, then the time of the Messiah's appearance may be Indefinitely postponed while the faith oontlnuee to smoulder. There Is naturally among old resi dents who have lived through Indian campaigns, and know their vldsBltudee by painful personal experience, a ner vous apprehension that disquietude may at any time develop into an out break. And certainly it is just as easy to secretly organise an emeute among Indians as it to to formulate a strike among the brotherhoods of trade and labour. An Indian uprising may be ar ranged by preconcerted agreement for a given date, and a massacre of white men ensue in fifteen different States at once; and tbe results might be Infinitely more deploralble than the Anarchist out break In Chicago, or tbe draft rltft In New York, or the John Brown Insurrec tion In Virginia, or the more recent half-breed rebellion In Manitoba, and the North- west Territory. But no mat ter how mysteriously tbe spirit may move, or in what disguise tbe Messiah may come, a restless vigilance will sure ly detect his designs and hold his fol lowers In check. The direct and effective way to break up tbe nest of fanatics is to break up their meetings, and the direct way to avert an Indian uprising Is to prevent their ghost dances, Just as tbe Indian agent did at Fender, Neb., where 3000 Indians were assembled, and more were expected. These ghost dances are held openly, and it may be Imagined with what desperate fervour tbe Indians engage in tbem when It Is understood that their dances are not only In tbe in terests of temporal needs, but for eter nal gain. They believe that by constant stamping (which is about all the style there is to an Indian dance) they may bury the whites 30ft. deep under ground and restore the country to Its pristine btteollc condition. | The focuB of the religious movement seenvi always to be at Standing Rock or Pine Ridge, in South Dakota. In deed, all insurrectionary plots are batch ed there, of which Swift Bear's move ment on 14th July Is not an exception. It is a centre from which all Inspira tion doubtless emanates, and emissaries are sent from there to outlying districts to stir tip enthusiasm, while In correct conformity with tradition and all his torical events the locum tenens of the Meteiah fs in the wilderness. It was so with John the Baptist, Elijah, Moses, nnd Peter the Hermit, and even with the Child of Bethlehem.—" Washington Times." 