An Expanding Business. INSPECTION OF H. L. VOSZ'S ESTABLISHMENT [By our Special Reporter. ] In a progressive prosperous community one finds many examples of the truth of the adage, 'Big trees from little acorns grow." A man with a little capital began business in a small way, and as the result of careful management and strict attention sees his trade expand, until as the years go by his name is so established as to be- come almost a household word. Such, in a sentence, is the history of the firm which keeps the patronym of its founder, Mr. H. L. Vosz. As far back as 1848, and in a quiet way, the late Mr. Vosz started as a plumber, painter, carpenter, &c;, and importer, thus laying the foundation of an establishment destined to grow beyond the hopes he en- tertained for its success. To walk through the extensive premises now under the firm's management in Rundle and Charles streets gives one an idea of the magnitude of the work done, and makes one feel proud to honour the ability, pluck, and perseverance of those who up till the present have laboured to foster aud develop such an industry, and it is to such that the colony owes its existence as a community, where trade is being rapidly developed and indus- try firmly established and expanded. There- fore it was with great pleasure that I gladly accepted the invitation of Mr. Hantke, the present head of the firm, to go through the "house," recognising as I did that I was about to learn something more of the suc- cess, and the method of it, which attended the efforts ot our hardworking and per- severing early colonists. En passant, it may be mentioned that Mr. Vosz died in 1886, when the business was bought from the Trustees by Mr. T. J. C. Hantke and Mr. J. H. N. Schmidt, both of whom held high positions with the late owner. Then when after a few years came about the re- tirement of Mr. Schmidt, Mr. Alfred Wil- kinson became Mr. Hantke's partner. "We'd better look upstairs first," said the genial head of the firm, as he led the way to a prettily arranged showroom, near the front of the Rundle-street entrance. Here were displayed to best advantage electric fittings, chandeliers, brackets, and standards of the latest approved kinds, with plain and fancy globes for warehouse, office, and home. On the walls all round were hung framed and unframed bevelled mirrors done on the premises, and the soft light diffused through the department was the result of leaded lights of many kinds and colours of glass let into the windows giving an excellent idea of the taste and skill of the firm's artist Mr. J. F. Williams. Passing into an adjoining room I had the privilege of meeting Mr. Williams busily engaged at his art of designing a stained- glass panel soon to find its way into the office door of some city business man whose name and occupation were painted and burnt into the coloured glass, thus showing same off to full advantage. A more ser- viceable room for an artist's studio I could not imagine, overlooking as it does Rundle- street, and receiving the best of light through two large plate-glass windows. Choosers of fancy and coloured glasses for door and window decorations, have here the opportunity of seeing these to perfection against a good light. Mr. Williams has four kinds of glass upon which to work, viz., Cathe- dral, with its "dim religious light," muff- led, decorated, and antique, and the tints are as varied as the wants of the patrons. Around the room were also other samples of the artists' work in the shape of stained- glass, door and window panels of various sizes and shapes, whilst on a side table were seen handpainted gas globes of beautiful floral designs. These are first painted and then fired to make the painting permanent, and when finished present altogether a very pretty effect. Before we moved on to other parts of the "house" I was shown a sample of the new "Refrax" glass, specially design- ed for throwing light on to office desks or into basements and other dark corners. I understand that this is the first of its kind imported into the colony, and have come to the conclusion, from close inspection, that the usefulness of it must only become known to ensure a ready demand. Whilst passing from here to the ground floor I was directed to the varied stock of gas and other warming stoves, some of which are already well known, but I cannot refrain here from specially mentioning one line of portable stove, whose separate mis- sion it is to keep a pleasant, even tempera- ture, without fear of overheating, in an otherwise chilly abode. The fact that Mr. Hantke has one in his own sanctum is no doubt the best recommendation for its use- fulness. Having returned to the ground floor, the inspection party was increased to four by the addition of Mr. Williams and Mr. Carl Werber, the foreman of the factory. In the midst of such good company it was impos- sible to feel uninterested, as each gentleman took every pains and trouble to make the visit thorough in all respects. After a casual glance at the great variety of gasfit- ters' and other ironmongery in the way of chandeliers, brackets, globes. &c;, in the one department, and paints, colours, varnishes, and brushware, and other articles too numerous to mention in another, we paid particular attention to the large and very varied stock of wallpapers. I was assured that it is the largest in the colony, and to me it truly seemed as if there was enough and to spare to "do" all the houses in Ade- laide. Two special lines are lignomur and decoraline, the latter an entirely new deco- ration for walls, and the first a preparation scolloped out in various designs ready for any colouring fancied by the housewife. Other papers, decorative and highly artistic. at prices to suit the humblest cottager and to gratify the highest artistic tastes of the wealthy mansioner, were showing in great abundance. The firm does a large trade in wallpapers, and to facilitate transport a "packer" is used, into which 300 rolls can be put and made one snug parcel. Again passing onwards we took a more detailed look into the paints and colours de- partment, with its large stock of articles al- ready mentioned, all pointing to a very able and up-to-date management. I was assured that the knowledge to be obtained in this important department by buyers is a matter that the firm looks after with equal import- ance to the keeping of an up-to-date stock of goods, so that the buying public may ob- tain every information necessity for the proper use of the articles purchased. A good part of this department is used for the display of every aspect of artists' require- ments, for which the firm is well noted. Proceeding from here further to the rear of the house we view the many kinds of glass kept in stock, and one cannot help feel- ing surprised, and much admiring the easy manner in which the hands here employed cut into all required sizes and shapes the glass, from the smallest panes of thin win- dow glass to the largest 11 ft. by 10 ft. plate glasses. The handling of these large panes is in itself a feature only to be acquired through long experience. We now leave this part of the establish- ment, and, crossing Fisher-place, are soon inside the large three-storied paint and colour factory, and here our companion, Mr. Werber, is thoroughly at home. Under his guidance I was shown the various machin- ery, all in motion. In one part I watched the procedure of the conversion of the great lumps of ochre into dust so fine as not to allow of a grain to spoil the stroke of the brush. In another part could be seen the huge paint-mixer, in which are mixed at various times no less than 35 tints. Further on are working the tinter-colour mills, through which are produced the 48 tints of enamel paints, and yet in another place one sees the preparation of the 48 tints of hot and cold water calcimine for wall- colouring. To know the great care to be exercised in these and many other articles one has only to watch the progress of the raw materials through the many rollers of granite, chilled steel, and still finer ones where at last the work is so carefully and finely done that only about 1 cwt. can be passed through in one day— this latter, of course, applying mostly to the finer colours and stainers. Glazing and horticultural putty is similarly treated. We next step- ped on to a lift, and were conveyed to up- stairs apartments. Here were men empty- ing the raw material from casks into a larse crusher, with internal works revolving at the rate of 3,000 revolutions per minute. Associated with this machine is an air-bal- loon, by which is collected the minute par- ticles of dust ??? from the handling of dry colour. Were it not for this, life here would be unbearable. This dust is really the best paint, and is so light and without grain that in closing my finger and thumb through a small heap I got the im- pression that I was trying to catch a ghost- ly substance. A further means of securing a perfectly free material is the sifter, where are used brass meshes up to 120 to the inch, and silk meshes even finer than that. Pro- ceeding upwards by a further use of the hydraulic lift, we arrive at the upper story of the building, where calcimine-making is in full swing. During the summer months principally, the floor of this story is to a large extent spread over with whiting, which is thereby undergoing the drying process by the aid of the warm temperature of the sun. In this way and at this time of the year enough is generally got ready to tide the firm over the whole year. Here there is manufactured the well-known roof cooling material called frigorific. The lift is again set in motion, and we descend to terra firma, from where we proceed to a room in which is carried on the distillation of water. For this work every appliance necessary is available, and the equipment of the whole throughout is everything that can be desired, so that the firm is able to produce distilled water in any quantity in a quick and easy manner. Here I was also shown a large steampipe, through which passed by way of a tap, part of the steam from the distilling apparatus, or at least so much of it as is required for the large silvering table, connected with the other end of the pipe, in a room over- head. Diverting a moment, we viewed the kiln for burning in the painted work on leadlights, where the work begun by Mr. Williams is finished. In this kiln also is done the bending of glass of every size, for which there is becoming a growing demand. Alongside is the solder furnace, where is turned out the large quantities of solder used by the firm for the manufac- ture of leadlights, and also much for sale in the warehouse. A visit is next paid to the silvering-room, in which, first of all, I notice the large table whereon the glass is laid for silver- ing. Here can be silvered glasses of all sizes, from the square inch to the large size of plate glasses previously mentioned, the glass, which weighs about 5½ lb. to the square foot, being lifted from place to place with the greatest of ease by the experi- enced hands. There are two processes by which this silvering is done, viz., "the hot and cold process,'' each as effective as the other, but each at times and for various purposes more preferable than the other. The heating of the table is done by steam through a copper-coil tank, ingeniously ar- ranged underneath the table in such a way as to allow of the two processes of silver- ing being carried on at one and the same time. This is done by heating only half of the table, and, if it is desired to use the whole table cold the steam is turned off altogether. This steam is obtained from the distilling plant previously described, and the whole forms a very compact and handy method. The table itself is blanket- ed, and the various glasses being placed on same, have then the different silvering so- lutions applied to them. In this way much of the solution matter falls on to the table, and at the last cleaning of the blanket no less than 115 oz. of silver was obtained from it. During the inspection of this de- partment atmospherical matters had be- come warm from the steam and several small ovens, resembling somewhat the warmth of a hothouse, only being clearer and not so oppressive. As we stepped out into the bevelling-room I could not help noticing the very striking difference of temperature. Although it was lunch time when we reached here, one of the hands willingly left his meal for the time to put a piece of glass through the various pro- cesses of bevelling. First, it is ground off on an iron ''stone," after which it is passed on to other two stones of stone and wood respectively, until at last it is treated on a felt ''stone," where the bevelled part is polished up to a perfect finish. Great care is taken by the workmen in carrying out patterns and designs submitted to them for execution, and many samples of this work are distributed for show here and in other parts of the warehouse. In a room adjoining I found further traces of Mr. Williams's work. Here men are engaged in leading the lights, and fixing the vari-coloured glasses according to the artist's designs, the lead being soldered at the joints on both sides to secure it be- ing air and water tight. All round was rack upon rack of the many glasses used in this work, as well as other kinds for other purposes, as rolled plates for roofs, &c.;, both plain and wired. This wired- rolled plate is deserving of special mention, as it is one of the best and safest things to be seen in the glass line. Through the whole of the centre of it is a small mesh wire-netting, which (should the glass by means of hail or in other ways become broken) holds it together, so that it can still remain in use with perfect safety to per- sons passing underneath it. Another use- ful, also handsome, glass to be seen here is "opaline," used for the tops of doctors' tables, as well as for the backs of duchess pairs and other purposes. We now take a view of the bulk store and packing-room, where are to be seen black and galvanized piping, and all sorts of sanitary appliances, as well as large stocks of pic- ture framing and cases of win- dow glass and many other lines incidental to an establishment of this kind. A special mention, must, however, be given to the picture-framing or moulding, and it is safe to say that miles upon miles of it are kept on the premises. The many tints and designs kept are almost bewildering, and it would be impossible to go away unsatisfied, as every taste and fancy has been provided for. I am next taken to the large bulk oil and colour store underground. Everything here is in perfect order, as bin after bin is filled with the many makers of oils and varnishes, methodically arranged so as to be at once handy and easily obtainable. In one part can be seen a large quantity of garden hose, stacked here on account of the cool atmosphere in the summer. This finished the general inspection, and to con- tinue to give further lists of the many ar- ticles seen and things done at this vast em- porium would take up more space than is permitted for this article; but I may sum up in a very few words. For the business in which they are en- gaged there is undoubtedly not a better house in Adelaide, and it is recognised as one of the best in Australia. That will perhaps serve to give the best idea of the vastness of its operations. The large warehouses and stores arc built on freehold property, and access can be gained through the main entrance in Ru- ndle-street, by Fisher-place, off Rundle- place, and by Charles-street. A staff of about eighty employes is at work under the firm's directions, and for the purpose of a daily delivery in the city and suburbs sufficient drays are constantly going, whilst a special conveyance is kept for the conveying the large sheets of plate glass to their destinations. The stables and yards for sheltering the horses and drays are situated in Gilles-street, on property recently purchased by the firm, and no ex- pense has been spared here to make every- thing snug and comfortable. With such a large trade it will readily be understood that a good deal of importation and expor- tation is carried on, and to facilitate trans- port two large warehouses on Maclaren Wharf, Port Adelaide, are occupied by the firm. It only remains to add that, from the managing head down to the youngest employe, all seem imbued with the one spirit of doing their best for the customers, and the inter-departmental telephones as- sist greatly in the smart dispatch shown in the carrying on of this large and ever- increasing business. 