-njWIEUY TAtk, tMlsa Dr A. Cabo*, la 'iC*ntCTbtwy Times."} " a Ihnlgli each day and be-4one with it " . jR'ftrt® Emdkteon to fcir ditiugiit«v and mi« , juecfe fef'adVice is one tbafcimorife of 'tis 'seed jpwi "frtmv it i# otily iiatural that the "Mtoblefl - ^dyromci of-" 6h!S :d6y should hauixt us thW^rii ihe' jtifcxt, Ifkd ghosts that aayll tfot |^ iala; niile»8 we mate a' mentel effort to ■ dxSMsd theia. People aay that tlife Jifl impoBibtde, that it is all very well to g?ve-advice, and there they leave the auatui-, aad'ao on worrying to the pltter end. It is, however, possihle -to ■■ train our* «clvea to, forgetbur failures 'and troubles, wnd tlic habit, 'oncfc. fortmid; goes on strengthening until ho effort ia required to maintain cheerfulhess under all arid any cir cumstances, "AVBthtiu^ stige is,aibaitied the greut secret of life has been learned.- Hence* forth we-can diffuse pleasure'around lis, We can, and do. make the world a brighter, happier Place than, it used to be. \Ye can in-uig gladness into the lives of others, and juinslxine into their faces. "But, of course, the first thing to do is to carry a cheerful heart all day Jong. Ibis habit of "letting troubles go" cannot be cultivated too early. Children should be discouraged from brood ing over their little vexations. If they are east down through having committed some fault, they should be reminded that to-mor row irill be a new day, in which they can start fail-, and avoid all that was wrong in to-day s conduct. We are too fond of dragging a load of troubles after us wher ever we go. We thinlf it a kind of merit to be casb down by worry and care, ■ In our blindness we used to hug these same troubleq to our hearts because they lyece "good"-for us. We failed to see that the "good" came from' the lesson they were sent to teach tis, and not from the pain itself. But now we know better. We see that we should learn the lesson, and then fling away the pain-and sad memory, so that we may go forward buoyantly to meet new opportunities of using our lately-bought ex perience. To nurse one's troubles and w orries, brooding over them like a hen sill ting on china eg as, is to induce disease of mind and body. It is to lie stationary, nay, worse still, retrogressive. Let us force the dead past to bury its dead. Why should we condemn ourselves to walk in the sha dow when the glowing sunshine is to be had for the taking? Sludl we burrow with the mole when we might soar to the moun tain top? _ No, 110. We're for the night and Hie morning! «. What m. pity it is that we cannot work a little more enthusiasm into our ambulance Fusses. If women only realised liow im iwrtant it is to know how to lender First Aid to the injured, they would not rest un 1 il they had made themselves proficient by attending the courses of prescribed lectures given in various centres. In Melbourne lhey show more interest in these matters, and the (occasion1 of the annual distribution ol medallions and certificates in 'the Mel Ixnirne Town Ifali, by the Lieutenant-Qo vernor the other day, was signalized by a mo,-t interesting ambulunce demonstration, in the presence of a large audience. Among tin; sjieeches made on the occasion was n very neat one by Sir Jobn. Madden, who drew an amusing contrast between the old fudiiioned woman,' who invariably fainted at "the sight of blood, dF else ran away shrieking, to hide herself, and the new fashioned deft-fingered one, whose self-pos session equalled even that of the doctor himself. Jn fact, he said, flic object of the Ambulance Association was to establish "educated self-posseHsion," and to dispos sess people's minds of the notion that the human body is some strange and wonder ful mystery. So lii-mly had this idea taken I«)Bses«ion of people's minds,' lie said, that t bey very often did nothing to help injur ed persons, simply through fear of not do ing (lie best for them. If people would only use their common sense, find act according ly. they could often do a great deal to as suage pain until the. arrival of the doctor. Fortunately, this is at last being learned, and at present some people think there is a danger of going to the other extreme, and trying to do without, the doctor al together. Let tin hope, however, that this is merely a passing phrase, for, if thoroughly assimilated, the Ambulance course only makes the student the more conscious of the very limited extent of her knowledge. St. Paul's Cathedral saw an imposing and brilliant profession of women graduates the other day, when the jubilee of the FnrtU London Collegiate .School was cele brated by a memorial service. The occa sion was unique in history, and. as such it will be handed down to posterity. The Church, while not actively hindering the higher education of women, has done noth ing to further its progress; but here, at last, was to be seen the memorable sight oi the Arehbishop of Canterbury pr.aching a sermon to women Bachelors of Arts, of Science, of Medicine, Law, and Music, all wearing full academical dress, and giving tic- Sanction of the Church to the higher cilucat.on of the sex g.vnerally, The Arch bishop emphasised the fact 'that the edn f.itio.u of women makes for Die true and accurate development of all her faculties to the highest point. The text chosen was Solomon's—"Who can 'find a virtuous wo- man? For her price is above rubies." The Archbishop pointed out that the ideal wo man of to-day remains exactly what she was in the days when the first temple was built, namely, the virtuous woman. The writers of problem plays and novels cannot undermine the conviction that has its springs in the very heart of the race—that the husband's standpoint taken by Solo mon is the true one with regard to woman, It matters not how high the standard of mind-culture may be, it is always subordi nate to those attributes so desirable in the fine wife and mother. It is significant of the march of progress that Lady Brassey's little daughter some times wore bloomers, and had her photo graph taken when clad thus for her bicycle ride. Her sensible example is now being followed by many mothers, who are adopt ing the fashion of allowing their 'little girls to run about in boyish-looking knickers, which allow their limns much more freedom for exercise than if they were restricted by skirts. The Duchess of Sutherland is an other advanced woman in this respect, for her bonny daughter, Lady Rosemary, a wee dot of six, always wears boy's clothes when in the country. She looks like a smart little fellow with her gaiters and little blouse coat, rather like a "Lord Fauntleroy" boy. She is a radiantly happy looking- child, and rides her pony boy-fashion without a particle of fear. The innovation is certainly a most excellent one, and will doubtless be wamly welcomed by the large number of mothers, _ who feel that they are handicap ping their little girls unfairly by making them wear skirts during early childhood. When the little maid has reached the age of ten, or thereabouts, she may begin to don skirts, but till then she should certainly enjoy the full freedom of her limbs. Most of us have noticed again and again, when sitting at Church or the theatre, that after a time a most unaccountable drowsiness steaks over one. You rnay deter mine to keep awake, and, figlrt as you wtill against the down- dropping eyelids, and sleepy stupor that holds you ah unwilling prisoner, nothing avails save to give way, ' *nd slumber peacefully for a fepr minutes, to wake agalnond' riepCftt' jffie pnooeaa "da.l " "" " " ' be I capo."- ft you look - ipuhd/'you will struck at. (flbe Wk;of tetetaffc sJipWn .by 1 by ibeiaot^ftt'inost'' your neighbours, hud by 1 of them seem to bo bau-nnlecp also/ Next day you 'generally have a headache, per-, haps a sore Ifcrimtjalso, jftd.-lmnpng>«ha£: y$u bbvc been bVeriiring yourself, or doing" pormttMag equally far-removed from the truth.' Curiously enough, the true reason, seems to strike very few, namely, want of ventilation. Week after week, and ' day after day, large public buildings are crowd- , M with people, and. then hermetically sealed until they are wanted again. No attempt is made to purify the' utmoephere or renew it, and Uie foul poison is care fully preserved -behind closed windows and doors for the undoing of the unwaiy public. .Even if legislative measures ore necetteary, surely, something ought 4|o be done to com pel those in charge to (thoroughly air every public building regularly, both, before and after it is used. We are very particular < 5ust 'now about tthe purity of r the atmo sphere around and inside our houses; the duet-heaps, drains, and poultry runs are i mercilessly raided: bub when we have ousted every microbe, good and bad, from our dwellings, wo complacently dion our best attire, go to the theatre or Churchy and fill our lungs for two or three hours' with the most mischievous of-the whole, species. Truly we are wise in our "times and generation! . ' : 