A FATAL PROMISE BR FLORENCE HODGKINSON CHAPTER IL—Continued. He announced bis visit to Cousin Tabby by telegram, and rery warm was the welcome he received from the old lady, * It is good of you to come and say good-bye/ she told him,' you cannot think how anxious I have been about you, Rex. I could not write to you because I had no address, but I have had the strangest presentiment *hat you were in trouble." ' I have been in very low water ; but I think the tide has turned now.' And how did you hear of this ap pointment ?' Rex began to feel the inconvenience of the promise he had given Lady Dering not to mention her name to anyone acquainted with Lord Merton * Mr Arundel called on me/ he said rather awkwardly. He knows my old colonel, who very kindlv spoke in my favour. I am to have two hundred 8 year and all my expenses~ *.Tou used to have eight hundred,' said Miss Arnold sadly. * The more .1 think of.Morton's treachery to you, Rex, the more angry I feel with him.' * Did you ever hear, from him ? * Never jromhxm ; I have heard of \- him one or twice; Mr Fraser and his wife passed through liere in September, find told me a'little about the Mertons. ' i suppose they are at Mertondale f ' Yes. The bride wanted to spend the reBt of the season in London ; but your uncle would not hear of it. He hurried her back to Mertondale, and has kept her there ever since. There have been a few visitors for the shooting; but Merton seems to dislike society as much as ever, and he won't let his wife go out without him. On the whole. Rex,' said Miss Arnold, with an air of great satisfaction, < I ehould'nt think Sybil had got as much as she expected out of the marriage.' ' I suppose she thought it better to enjoy the title at once instead of waiting for dead men's shoes.' * And Merton wanted an heir, I am very fond of children, Rex, but I can't help wishing something would happen to that baby.' Reginald looked perplexed. The viscount had only been married eight months. 1 Haven't you heard V asked Causin Tabitha. There was a carriage accident while they were driving, and Lady Merton was terribly frightened. The baby was born prematurely. The rector's wife sent me a local paper. J don't suppose Merton would have troubled to tell me of his daughter's birth.' * A daughter ? . ? A daughter can inherit everything just the same as a son,' said MisB Arnold dejectedly. 4 1 suppose the title would come to you, but you couldn't keep it up on two hundred a year.' * Hardly , besides, there may be half a dozen sons in the next ten years. No, Cousin Tabby, I shall never be master of Mertondale ; unless I build a house for myself in the Australian bush and call it after the home of my childhood.' On the whole it was a happy visit; but Rex was not at ease. He was keeping two secrets from Cousin Tabby. He could not bear to tell her of how low he bed sunk when Lady Deering had found him out, and bound by a promise not to mention the name of hisbenefactress. He found a short note when he got back to Denham Street; It was not from Lady Deering but her lawyer, and run thus : ' ' Everything is settled for Thursday. Meet me at Liverpool Street at two and we will go down together. We shall probably be back in town by seven, and I hope you will dine with Hie at- my club; I am, sure you . ought not to be alone your last evening in ihe old country.' After that, time seemed to literallv ; race with Rex. He had an outfit to purchase, various small matters to arrange, and it was with the utmos 1 difficulty that he got everything accomplished in time to keep hiB appointment with Mr Fairfax. ' Tou look pounds better than you did last week,' was the lawyer's greeting. ' I may take it, then, that you have no regrets for your promise to Lady Dering t' ' None,' replied Rex; but he did not pursue the subjeot, and Paul Fairfax, who possessed great tact, began to talk of his approaching voyage, and to ask him how he liked the thought of spending Christmas on board ship. Lady Dering's own carriage was waiting at the station; for the Priory was a three mile drive. Rex tried in vain to talk and appear at his ease; an unaccountable embarrassment had seized on him. At last he gave up the attempt at conversation, and relapsed into silence. A butler received the two gentlemen and relieved them of their coats and hats; then he ushered them both into the drawing-room, returning in a moment to say that Lady Dering wished to see Mr Merton in her boudoir. He found her quite alone. She spoke no ordinary greeting, she looked gravely into his face, and asked the same question Mr Fairfax had put to him earlier. «You do not repent ?' ( No.' He met her gaze unflinchingly. 'I am ready co carry out your wishes.' She rang a bell, and Mr Fairfax joined them, conducted by the butler. When this functionary had retired, Lady Dering opened the door of an inner room and motioned to them to follow her; but first she turned te Rex and Baid almost solemnly t 1 Heaven deal with you as you keep your promise !' CHAPTER III. The marriage of Lady Merton was a terrible mistake, and bronght her none of the delight for which she had sold her soul. Sybil Fanehaw had not only been a heartless coquette, but 1 woman with a large capacity for lov ing, only, unfortunately, she possesses an intense craving for luxuries, pleasures and all that wealth can give She had really loved handsome Hex as much as she could love anyone, and if she had never gone to Mertondale she would have kept her word to him and probably have been tolerably happy as his wife. But at Mertondale she was brought face to face with two facts. Reginald owed the greater part of his slender income to his uncle, aad there was no earthly reason to prevent Lord Merton from marrying and having a nearer heir than his nephew; She had expected to see a nervous feeble invalid, looking much older than his age; and she found a man of fiftysix in the very pride of health and strength. It would be twenty years or more before ahe and Rex came in for their inheritance. At first Sybil dutifully paid Lord Merton little filial attentions to farther Rex's interests. Then, quite suddenly, it was made evident to her one day that if she pleased ahe might become Lady Merton at once, without waiting for Ilex to succeed to the title. She had longed to be rich all her life. It was a terrible temptation to her and she yielded; only she did so under the fixed belief that she should become ' an old man's darling' and rule her elderly husband afterJier pleasure And she was utterly mistaken. Lord Merton worshipped her, bat he was madly, insanely jealous of her slighest word. He could not forget she had betrayed Rex for. his sake—the sake of his fortune that is—and he seemed ever on the watch lest she should be unfaithful to himself. He dressed her like a princess ; he spared no expense to gratify her slightest whim in the matter of jewels or furniture ; but he would allow her to go nowhere without his escort. He point-blank refused to spend any time in LondoB, and he only asked to Mertondale friendB of his own standing, whom his yoHng wife condemned aB old fogies. * It is like being kept in a gilded prison with Lord Merton for my gaoler, 1 she wrote to her sister, a widow of limited means and utterly devoid of scruples. It was Emily Cox who had advised Sybil to marry Lord Merton j so perhaps the young wife thought she had a right te complain to her. The astute widow replied; 'Lord Merton was naturally anxious about his wife just now. It would be different after the birth of the heir. The accident intervened. Sybil was dangerously ill, in such peril that Lord Merton sent for her sister, and the eagerly expected heir proved to be a puny, delicate girl, who seemed as if she would never struggle through the first days of existence. Mrs Cox made herself so agreeable to Lord Merton, humoured his fancies so completely, and talked so sagely about her sister's youth and heedlessness, that the peer was quite charmed with her, and offered her a home at Mertondale for the present, as his wife's health seemed to give cause for anxiety. Sybil gradually recovered ; but she made no attempt to hide the failure of her married life. Lord Merton bitterly resented the sex of the child, and was disposed to vent his displeasure on the mother. He went back more and more to the hermit-like ways of bis bachelor life. He refused to let his wife go anywhere, or have any visitors* and in reply to all her remonstrances he coldly told her she a D d c h p r ' t had her child and her sister for company, a splendid home, and every luxury. 'You married me for my money, and I let you spend it. What mere do you want f ' Sybil carried her woes to her sister. Emily Cox still stood in high favour with Lord Merton, and seemed likely to become a fixture in his house. ' He can't live long,' said the widow sagely. * The doctor who attended you admitted that Lord Merton suffered from an incurable disease. Only be patient, Sybil, and you will be a wealthy widow.' The heartlessness ot the speech did not jar on Sybil; but she had another lament. * There was no settlement, Milly ; the marriage was so hurried. Lord Merton can leave me without a shilling if be pleases.' ' He couldn't be so mean ; besides, you are the child's natural guardian, and would manage the property for her. Depend upon it, Sybil, Lord Merton is Only disagreeable because he wanted a son. When the boy comes he will be all right.' But the boy did not come. The fragile baby-girl reached her second birthday, and was still an only child. ' It dosen't matter,' said Mrs Cox, who was given to look at the bright side. ' In reality, Sybil, it is of no consequence at all. The property can descend to a girl— little Ella will be a great heiress. As for the title, I suppose that unfortunate young man will come in for it, but he can't touch a penny of the property,' Sybil Merton shuddered; She had not forgotten the curse Reginald had spoken ; she thought sometimes it had begun to work. ' If only Ella were stronger !' she said sadly. ' Milly, don't you know if anything happened to her I could claim nothing ? Everything is entailed, and would go to—to Reginald, ' Ella won't die,' said Mrs Cox reassuringly. * Delicate babies often make strong men and women. Has your hnsband gone to London ? I saw him drive off with any amount of luggage.' ' Yes ; he will be away for a for night I do think he might have taken me too. I have not been to London since I passed through it on my return from the honeymoon.' On the second day after Lord Merton's departure the baby heiress was taken ill. On the third day the doctor pronounced her in danger, and advised her father being sent for. He was a little surprised when he called early the next day to find the blinds at Mertondale not lowered. He bad believed the child simply could not last till morning, and had offered to stay in the bouse through the night in case he was required, an offer which Lady Merton, who would not see her baby's peril, declined with scant gratitude. ' How is the little girl i Shall I go up ?' The housekeeper who had been engaged on her master's marriage looked at Dr Blake in amazement. ' Didn't Lady Merton write to you, sir ? She and Mrs Cox went to London by the first train and took baby with them.' ( Tou must be dreaming,' said Dr Blake. ' They couldn't take a dying child a long railway journey, it would be inhuman.' ' I can't explain it, sir. Nurse she came down and said Miss Ella was better, and after the post came in we heatd the master couldn't come home ; but had written for niiy lady to bring the little girl to town. He said—you must forgive me, sir, it's his thought, not mine—she would have better care there.' Dr Blake stalked off in high dudgeon He had expended no little care and trouble on Ella Merton. He felt positive she was dying, that no human skill could save her—and yet she had Jfoen hurt 'ed off to London to try another o^mon. It Was, in his view, an insult to himself and a needless cruelty to the child. And the next news that came to Mertondale was that the little heiress was convalescent, but her father had had a paralytic stroke. His wife was coming home with him at once. Mrs Cox would take her little niece to some warmer climate for the winter. ' And I'm sure you might have knocked me over with a feather when I heard it,' remarked the housekeeper to Dr Blake. ' My lady just worshipped Miss Ella. I'd have said she'd not be parted from her a single day, much less for months." Lady Merton came home the ghost of her former self — pale, haggard, nervous. Everyone saw the change, and opinions were divided as to the cause. Some ascribed it to her husband's state—almost a death in lifeothers to the parting from her child. No human creature guessed the truth —that Sybil Merton had added yet another heinous sin to her guilty record CHAPrER IV. Three years and more had passed since Reginald Merton left his native land. It was a lovely day in spring, and the grounds of the Priory were bright with the fragrant blossoms of the lilac, the white, feathery, pinkcentred horse-cheBtnut, and the pale yellow daffodil. The turf was green and velvety, the gravel walks were well-kept and trim. Everything 1 to the ordinary observer looked as usual, and represented the ideal of a prosperous conntry home: but to the eyes of Violet Anerslev a sad shadow hung over the place. There was a gloom over the picturesque sceue to the girl, because just three weeks ago her grandmother had been buried. No common link had united these two. Lady Dering had been mother and father both to the girl she had received into her care a helpless baby. Violet could never remember an unkind word from the old lady who had devoted herself to her grandchild, and now she was gone, and at twenty-one Violet was left utterly alone in* the world. Someone had come up to her unheeded-—a woman of perhaps thirtyfive, thin, sharp-featured, and with that peculiarly acidulated look some middle-aged women insensibly acquire as the years roll on and their lot does not please them. * Mr Fairfax is in the library, Miss Anersley.' ' Very well, Wilson; tell him I am coming/ Wilson had been Lady Dering's maid for many years, and had always hated her mistress's granddaughter. It was Wilson's fixed idea that if only Miss Anersley could have been spirited away from the Priory, she, would have heen promoted to the post of humble companion, to Lady Dering. The idea was delusion; but Wilson honestly believed it, and this was one reason why she detested Violet. After the maid had gone back to the house Miss Anersley rose slowly and crossed the lawn. She was dressed in white, with broad black ribbons. It had been her grandmother's special desire that her darling should not put on crepe or any of the sable trappings of woe. (To be Continued) 