•CHAPTER .XI— A WORMHOLE IN , THE OAK. .Jenny's tone and Jenny’s eyes both invited Tristram to suspect a secret and ask a question. "What do you mean?" he said, quietly, as they walked side by Side into a quiet street. “Well, If I'd been left to myself after ■what huppened that night, don't you think I'd-have made it pretty lively for some people? They thought so. And that's Why I disappeared! You see, sir. Count ICornis had a story he wanted to tell about that night, and It wouldn't have suited him to have me on the scene till the storm had blown over a little. I didn’t know then what the story wquld.be, of course, though I was sure there'd be something, and some thing plausible, too. Indeed. I never heard the rights of It until to-day, for, St you'll believe me, sir, never since that night last December have I set foot In [Vienna till this morning." ''Where were you then?" questioned tTrlstram. '“In th6 Tyrol, at Count Kornis’s castle there.’1 ..''Do you mean that he kidnapped tyou?"; '“Just that, sir, or gavo orders that It Bjiould bb done. You remember that beast of a hunchback?" ' “I either saw one that night or dreamt Of him In delirium when I lay 111 after jvards; I was never quite sure which." “Why, It ,vns he who Btabbod you. hlr,' in the back. Afterwards he rolled [you over on your face, and ran you through with a long, sharp thing again. I was gagged and my feet tied together With my own long veil by that time, but !I saw (for It would have been Inconve nient to kill me and get rid of my body there,while they could account for yours Easily enough!): and, though I was so «lok at the sight that I nearly fainted then, I reasoned It all out afterwards. tThe Count wanted to pretend you'd been Stilled in fair light, so you had to havo ipi- wound in your breast, not your back, iriiat little hunchback brute could nover SiaVe touched you If bo hadn’t sprung on you unawares from behind, as ho ■did: so the otherif iwound had to be .Brlyen afterwards,!,When there >vas time to attend, to me, 1' was drugged with Acme vile; pungent stuff they had, and the noxtthlng I knew I woke up In a hBtmc. There was a doctor, who said If-. 'was : mad. ■ Ho and Count Komis Were talking in the room, and I heard .the i>vrptch telling the doctor that I was one‘hi his servants, who had had a fit, •and behaved In strange ways, Which he •described. The doctor looked in my ojles, pulling up my lids, and pvonounced ■Gome long'words which I couldn't under stand. ; I began talking about what (had happened that night—but It only ■ ihado matters worse, for I was so cx Iblted, It must have sounded like gib jbtulsti! .The upshot of It was that I avaa put into‘a great jacket, with .long ipiecves that buckled round my waist at •fche back. That did nearly drive me out •lot my senses, and I must have been like a wild thing when I • ■ was taken off In the railway train, screeching out to ■teverybody In English to help me, that I ■•JVflsn't mad, and they were going to ; murder me. I can understand some Ger ■man. you know, though I can’t talk It 'much: and U anyone asked questions. 11 l Whs always a poor servant of Count won Kornia,who was so good that he; v:was going, to pay all my expenses at the -'famous private asylum near Wlndlsch : i;IMattret,' in the Tyrol. | : ’ “But they didn't take me there at aii Instead, wo branched off on a small local ‘ railway lino; wore met.at last by a bjg, ;old-fuBhloned carriage, and driven for miles' and miles, till we came to a wild place among the mountains great red -mountains that stood up MKc* needles ■land spikes and spires. As soon as I y-ieaw the castle, I recognised it from a •Mphdt9graph in the Princeas Falconborgs \- .boudoir - in, Yiennp. — Count Kornls a •fcastle In the Dolomite Mountains, as my blessed Dady Mary ha<3 told me the day I flaw the picture. ' > “It was the haunehbaclted dwarf and a .servant who brought me there.* The [housekeeper and all the others were made to believe the same story I'd heard them °-47ri toll curious folic nt the railway stations from'"the' C.W1 n ’ ,* — a bon— from the Count s place In Vienna: my r0^, f" r E°ne nuct:t'' aml th0 doctor said I must have quiet and country air If I wtis to get well. So the master had gen ermmly sent me .to Bchloss KornlC that s the name of the castle-to recruit I "ilK ,t,°1 bo wntehed, that I neither escaped flla '^yso'f or apyone else a mischief; hut so wns apparently harmless, x think the Count's idea was that he'd keen me out of the way-until he'd had time to tell his own side of the story, and get people to believe It Bo firmly tw the i mac tiie he d planted in their heads couldn't HkeZ rX,an ‘"Unmeant person m “ 1 d come forward at first with my tale, when all Vienna was in a fermarit nlmuf .._ in a their aristocracy that night af pXon berg, I might have got a hearing. But nUenvnrda ho didn't need to he so much afraid of anything r could do or s-n- es pecially as What T Should tell about his sending mo to the Tyrol, and detaining me trueepu0tUn t0° fai-fotohed to be tiue. But, then, there’s the proverb about tn™ennfln?hlb<|InSr t0° 8tranffe not *° b« tiue, nnd this Is one of them. The Count thought you wore sure to die, and of I,'’?*,' J" UlP ^ who'saw iMMW n " Sht’ K0 t,mt U did seem excen me . n° °np t0 eon trad let him powerful nobiemnn."1 nfralnSt a rlch and ncorn’eaTV 'T w.atchc<1 closely by thc people nt Ivornlss for months. X could J t “ anywhere In the house I liked, U- r Tr all°wed outside, unless he klteh?S 1 tHat 1 miRllt walk !n , kitchen garden, with the head gar dener's wife—a stupid, fat thing, with out a word of English. Non could any oi them understand a, great-deal, and X used to pretend I didn’t know1 as much aenron.oa^ really did, in the hope that they d he careless arid say 'something hea" hdf’ht- be Important to over “ There was nothing of that sort, though, for a long time, until one day, about a fortnight ago, I heard the'house keeper talking to the butler about the blue room It was time for a yearly cleaning, and she was dreading it, be cause, I managed to make out, all the maids were afraid of the place, thinking It was haunted; and even she, old woman as she was, wasn't fond of going In there after twilight. Afterwards, when they got as far. In their house- cleaning as the blue room, which had been left till the last, the servants were whispering; and putting this and that together, X found out that in the blue room every one of the Count's three wives had died. "I was wanting badly to find some solid proof ngalnst him for his villainies, and though X didn't Just see, even then, that X was any nearer to it, I determined that by hook or by crook I’d get Into that blue room and be- there alone. All tho ghosts in the Tyrol couldn't scare me out of the notion! "I made thc women-servants under stand I was willing to help them with thc cleaning, and as they hated the Job in tile blue room they were glad enough of the offer. I worked so well that it seemed the place might be finished in oho day instead of two; only nobody would wait after the sun stopped shining through the little narrow, deep-set windows. I'd stay nnd finish by myself, said I, In my broken German, if It took me till 12 o’clock. "There wasn’t any difficulty about letting me do that, ’ for the proposal couldn’t be a trick to escape, since the windows were high and overlooked a mountain torrent, tearing over tho rocks and stones like a mad thing, from the "I don'.t know what I expected to find, spring rains and the snow melting in the if I really expected anything; but when I was left alone there wasn’t a crack or a cranny of that oak-panelled room I dldn'L examine. It was Just the sort of place to.-look for a secret door, If nothing, worse: and thinks X to myself, maybe, when the Count has spent a wife’s money, and wanted to be looking round for another lady with another fortune, he sneaked Into the blue room from some hidden entrance that nobody knew about, while the poor creature was asleep, and murdered her. , "The only thing against that (for any thing might happen In such a house as Kornlsu) was what I’d heard the ser vants at Prince Falconberg’s say, when they gossiped about. Count Korn is and his attentions to my lady. All hla wives had apparently died natural deaths; so that, though people talked, . nothing really could be said against him. “But I'wasn’t stopped exploring, while I had the chance, by that, sir, you may well believe; though soon I got feeling a bit creepy as the shadowB came crawl ing Into the big, low room, and there were queer little cracking sounds in the walls and all about, as If, Ih case you turned quick enough, you'd see some thing standing right behind you. But by the time you did turn, it always seemed to have Just scuttled away. "I was polishing the oak walls with an oiled rag. for the housekeeper was as particular about the blueroom, though no one ever slept there any more, as about any other room in the’castle. The oak panels went all the way up to the celling, which, luckily tor me, was very low; and I could reach it with my rag, standing on the step-ipidder I had to use. The wood was. so old — hundreds and hundreds of years, nq doubt — that it had got worm eaten, and there were a good many little holes, some of them choked up w th dust. At last I came to one. exactly like a lot of others, only a bit deeper, maybe; and at- tho bottom, when I poked the tip of hoping against hope for something outlet feUCllkrmet^CrTWcouldn't pick It out with Sy mdl. and I pressed It vent down I fancied, and I pressed again. That did the trick, sir! A crack opened in tiitfwall just- os if It had been a fairy story6 or one of those creepy old novels by a woman called Radcllffe X once found at my grandfather's farmhouse. I pushed my hand Into the crack,.audit widened, without any noise at all Just a slipping of the panel behind another one, along, a groove whore tho wall Joined the floor. I do believe, sir. not a soul would have come across that tiny metal nob but me; for who would hqye thought of It, unless they were working for someone they loved? I didn't know then what had happened to my poor darling, So I'd have given my life, Mr Tristram, to stumble on some wleked secret of the Count's which should save her from marrying him; and you can see I wasn't leaving a stone unturned "The door In the panel was so narrow X could Just slip through. I was rather scared of what I might find on the other side, for it was dark os a P°clS?.“hcCV.i but I wouldn’t be a coward. When I d squeezed into the cupboard or whatever It was I lighted a match from the box I'd Stolen from the housekeeper, and peered all found. I was in a queer little nook, not us big as a fair-sized ward robe, narrow and long; only the length was the-way of the wall, In the room outside. But -there were shelves, and there was a table. And on both were a lot of bottles and strange-looklng,glass things, exactly like those Prince Falcon berg keeps In what he calls his 'labora tory.' (The Prince Is h sort of amateur doctor, vou know, and is ulwnys dosing the servants It they have on ache or pain, for they don't dare refuse, for fear of offending him, when he offers.) On tlvs shelves were books, most of them in quite modern, new-looking bindings, Uig', Uninteresting volumes, about dis eases and m'ediclntte Thifre wns a dark wig on-.a-shelf, too, and some .brownish grense-paint, like actors use, 'and a priest's soutane. I kept lighting match after match to see ail (.hese things, but I wasn't silly, enough , to drop them about. I kept them in my hands when they'd burnt tod iow, and at last put them Into my pocket. "I opened some of the books, and whoso name do you think was written Inside most of them?" “Count Kornis, I suppose,” answered Tristram, who had followed every word Jenny had spoken with the keenest at tention. For he had begun to think move than ever, that Destiny hod had a hand in this meeting to-night. Hej had made up his mind, if necessary, I even to. let the train go without hint. I Only his Impatience had urged the jourl ney he wished to lake, at so early an hour; for nt all events he could not possibly see the persons whom he wished to see until afternoon of the next "No, sir, not Count XCornis's name!” cried Jenny. Some had no name in thefn, and no doubt they were his, hut the most had come to the Count from Prince Falconberg, his cousin and great friend. On the table was a notebook, almost lllled with writing in the Prince's hand, which I have seen more than once, and could not mistake, as- It is very peculiar. It was all in German, and X. couldn’t tiiake out much; but there was something about experiments with bac teria—and even I know what 'bacteria' Is, for I do read the newspapers. X saw a lot about 'typholdal bacteria,’ and one of the queer gloss things on. the table was labelled so. “I’d have 'talcen the notebook away if I dared,. - I don’t mean thitt'I would have been 'afraid 'tb do iti tor' myself; I wouldn't have felt afraid of anything that might have helped my dear little mistress. But Count von Kornis wa3 coming to the castle In a week with some men, friends of his, and I thought. If he came Into this little place and dis covered that something so valuable was gone, he’d guess at once that he was watched, and be qn his guard. As It was, he wouldn’t dream that anybody was on the track of his secrets, and he'd feet safe, as he evidently had before, that his things were In the securest hid ing place possible. “Besides, It would he far better If I could escape and tell what I Itad seen; then take someone to the cupboard in the wall, and show all the proofs, just as I had found them.” "Proofs of what, Jenny?” asked Tris tram, wondering if her thoughts and his were turning In the same direction. “Why, sir, I remembered the different sicknesses that had caused the death of 'Bluebeard’s' three wives; and on the table were signs that he’d been cultivat ing bacteria for the making of every one. There was even some virus of hydropho bia—a horrid idea, but I couldn’t help its coming into my head, and there it’s been ever since. • Besides; the Prince’s books about doctoring, and his notes, set me thinking about a different branch of the same thing, Mr Tristram. He’s such a great friend of the Count’s, you know, and there’s nothing the Coimt asks of him, apparently, that he won’t try to do. Of course, there's always a lot of talk in the servants’ hall, especially where the master and mistress aren’t liked. I used to hear a good deal of that sort of thing In Vienna, at the Prince's house. They used to wonder what the tie between their master and his cousin could be—for it wasn't only kinship; and, though the two men were so much together, somehow they didn’t seem particularly fond of one another. ... “That was Just the question to interest me, on Lady Mary's account. But I couldn’t turn the key of the puzzle, any more than the others eould, though I was u'blt bharjSer-witted, perhaps—and had a motive, too.1 All I could light on In their past was that Count Kornis, who had a lot of political influence, had helped the Prince In that way; and I thought, per haps, he was to he given Lady Mary and her money as a reward. But now I think differently, I think Prince Falconberg by hla lcnowledge, helped Count Kornis to get rid of his wives. The Count would be sure to keep every proof, so that the Prince eould never turn on him. What political help he could give, he did; and I shouldn’t wonder if. when Count Kor nis had got Lady Mary, he wouldn't have handed over soijie of her money to Prince Falconberg, who isn't as rich as he ought to be, with the grand appearance he has to keep up, and his wife’s extravagance. Oh, It was just like coming on a hornet’s nest, and having all the wicked things buzzing and stinging about one's ears, only to think of lit! But I made up my mind there and then, sir, that now I’d got hold of something more or less definite to tell, not wild horses themselves should keep me much longer at Kornlsa. "After that day I watched my chances of escape twice as anxiously as I had be fore, Tlu! servants had begun to trust me. seeing how dull and indifferent I seemed, and I wasn't looked after as sharp as at first. Besides, everyone was busy getting ready for and expecting the grand folks, and had something to think about before they thought of me. "One day, when all the rest were at enrly dinner, I pretended to have a head ache. and went to my room as It to lie down. I shared it with one of the maids (who used to be afraid of me when I first came, thinking I was mad), and I stole a peasant dress of hers out of her box, so that it X got off the description of the clothes X was wearing wouldn’t really be the right one. . "That same night my chance came. I hadn't a penny, but I'd contrived to hide a few little ornaments out of the draw ing-room <1; knew it was stealing, in a walk' sir, blit I’ve got money in the sav ings bank In England. arid I mean to send back,value, far everythir)g l was ©bilged to take,) In a lonesome spot in the parkl put oh poor Moydel’s frock, and mad© a bundle of my own, not.. wearing them again till I changed to-day. Sometimes I got a lift with a cart, sometimes I walked; sometimes I hid for a whole day; I pre tended to be dumb, hoping people wouldn’t ijruess X was English; and when I came to a town I pawned the things I’d brought away frorp the,Castle, so X got twenty or-thirty, marks, and could travel by rall-for a while. (To be Continued)., 