SHOULD JURIES SIT IN CAMERA? Should juries decide cases fin camera Is it not cheating the public with the pre tence of a public trial, when the ultimate decision is arrived at on views and argu- ments delivered and canvassed behind closely guarded doors 1 - This nractice has been followed for many hundreds of years, but that does not make it right. Bobbery and murder have also been practised for ages, yet wo do not know.of anyone who would consider that its great antiquity is justification for a crime. The secret discus sion and decision of verdicts by jurymen nullify the public’s right to a public trial, just as the granting of universal suffrage to the electors, of one chamber is nullified and destroyed by the inclusion in the Con stitution of a cliamber which is not elective on a universal suffrage basis, but which has the power of amending, rejecting, disallow ing and rendering nugatory the acts and proceedings of the other chamber* oven to the abolitidn of the Sabbath Day’s rest when it is convenient in certain quarters that it should be abolished. The art of deluding persons individually and in the'mass by making promises to the ear for the purpose of breaking them to the hope is as old per haps, as either jmy or Parliamentary sys tem. ' Though from ancestors, near and re mote* almost everything that is of value in civilization has been, derived, much of it has descended to us sadlv, spotted - and marred with the mildews of antiquity and disfigured by the dishonesty, ignorancej superstition, barbarity and tyranny of for mer and coarser and rougher tunes. There ■were undoubtedly times when it would have been higlily dangerous to themselves, and almost impossible for j my men tq deal ilub licly with matters brought before them, 1 There was not in former days the decorum in the courts or the respect for .just and equally administered laws that now ob tains through society. Judges and magis trates now-a-days require no guards other than public opinion To protect them in the public performance of their duty. For the time being the members of a coroner’s, general session or supreme court jury ate virtually judges. Magistrates and judges arc at liberty t\> give decisions .without giv ing' their reasons. But the public expect reasons, and as a rule the reasons conse quently accompany tOio decisions. With jurymen it is quite different. They go into close retirement. When there they may discuss anything or everything, from the case before them to the latest good story or the most recent development in, the Boer war. They may show that by the ultimate result they were swayed by the most ridi culous fads and prejudices, were deficient in tho intelligence and in the moral courage to form,-'hold and maintain an opinion, that they left their jury-box behind-- them at the door as they entered' the private jury room and that they did not wish- to decide impartially on the evidence, but in some way whereby the responsibility of a just and true verdict could bo evaded. Sometimes the most ludicrous compromises ore made by jurymen when dealing: in camera with other peopled lives, reputations, liberty or property. If, however, they had to discuss and decide in public the same as the magistrates do or as judges do when sittihg without a jury we firmly believe that thote would t>e fewer unjust, incon sistent and ridiculous verdicts given by jurymen. They would then have to keep more closely to the evidence, or if they • departed from Jt the reasons for their de parture would u3 known to and appreciated by. the public. Witnesses who take an oath in the witness box and then perjure themselves are frequently and severely punished; But no one over heard of a jury man being prosecuted and punished, for brealring the oath that ho took in the jury box - that he will decide on evidence and on nothing else. Tot the judges could tel) us that quite as many '‘absent-minded beg gars” find their way into tho jury box. as into the witness box. If it is good and right that the first part of a trial should take place* within the hearing of the public, then we think , a, strong case can.be made out :n favor of a public hearing to the end. The manwho if he feels the slightest doubt in his mind of tho guilt of a prisoner will hot give in to the other eleven, no matter how long, they sit or whatever .arguments, solicitations, threats, juers or sneers they bring to bear on him is an honorable and valuable citizen. Blit, how many are there' who in the secrecy of the jury room con sult their own pleasure by falling in easily with the majority, glad to get the job off their hands- for which they * We neither ; taste, nor fitness? We have outlived the day when wretches used to hang that iury men might dine.- Nowadays, it is too often the case that guilty wretches escape became of the flabbiness of jurymen and the facili ties provided by the secrecy of the jury room for the ignoring of their oaths and tendering to judges and coroners verdicts directly and palpably against evidence, or verdicts tinged by weak and equivocal com promises. Eight Pages. —Our issue this morning consists of eight pages. tion ; Enginedrivers*/? p.'m. /Eoglehawk EnginedriversV 7 p'.m. ; Patriotic Meeting/ Laanecoorid, 5 p.m. ; Mining Meeting,—- Fosterville (McCtm), 12.45. Military Stamps.—-Tenders are invited by tho Government printer for- engraving two steel punches for one- penny and two-penny "military stamps.” Board.—Themonth was held 1 last even iug« /Mr./T. and there waa for non*- aWejidance irk Mr. M. Tullf. Mr. W. W -10s be voted' to the fuud*hMLni^-'iytm»i^riTipm o rial of the into I'ast president Mr. Harry Th e .motion was warmly supported, and was car ried unanimously. a communication was received from the secretary, of the hospital committee forwarding the following resolu tion carried at their lost meeting-“ That tjio board regrets that any cause of- dispute have arisen as between them and the B.u.F.S, dispensary committee, and they hoped that as .the correspondence nas been fully discussed and dealt with by this board, the matter.will now end, and the amicable relations: hitherto existing -shall bo con tinued." It was resolved that the apology' he, accepted, and' that- the executive com mittee 'bo thanked for their defGnrie of the medical officers of the institute. Accounts for £262 13s 8d -were passed for patymen,*. Progress of the.. War,—-When the last messages left the scat of war .in the Free State General Gronjc and his army were in desperate straits. .They were completely surrounded on every side,' and after being' shelled out of their hastily constructed laager, took refuge in the bed of the Hod der River. They Still appear to have plenty of ammunition, and, as the ' ap proaches to the river bed are over, flat country, which exposes the advancing party to the fire of men protected by the river banks, they'ate still raostdangerous per sons to reach by froxital attack. However, they cannot escape for the same reason without being torn to fragments with shell and bullets- The. surrounded army is now said to bo 8000 strong. A few of the Boors from Natal have already arrived, and-Gehe ral Iloberts has oaptured 50 of them, who. were amongSt . the fighters, at Spion Kop. The British losses are severe, amounting now it is _estimated to 1100 killed and wounded. Most of the casualties were sustained last Sunday... The Boer loss is not known, but in the one. battle of Koo doosraud it is i'o have been ;800.- Last Tuesday morning General Cronje ap plied for a truce of 24 hours for the osten sible purpose of burying the dead. , Lord Kitchener’s reply was terse and; characteris tic—“ Nob for one minute. Fight, or;sur render unconditionally.” Singular to say, there is no fresh news from Ladysmith; It niay bo that General Bullcr lias unexpec tedly found something to occupy, him oii the ■ road between Colensp and Ladysmith, not withstanding. that the distance is only 16 ! , : ; r ; One of the Wairhainbool Incoudiarists in Bendigo.—When the jury, at Wednesday's Assizo Court, found that the young man, George Burke, who was enlarged wuh wil fully attempting to set fire to Mcßevitt s .Criterion Hotel, ih-Mundy mid ' night on the Ist inist, was not. guilty, they \- did not know who the prisoner Was.. Ac cording to information officially supplied, ho is a man with many aliases. Ho travels under many different names, but as Gfcporgo Campbell, George Webb or Georg© Burke he is best known to the police, linfortun nately for him he bears unmistakable and indelible marks bj r which he can be in stantly recognised. He is a young man about 25 years of age, 5 feet 8£ inches higli> of fresh complexion, though somewhat sun uurntf, dark hair, dark moustache and grey eyes. He has fairly well defined features, though the expression on liis face is wanting in firmness. His general-appearance is-not prepossessing. In court lie was wearing dark clothes, a shirt of some soft material and a neckercliiof. Gu the outside of his loft arm are “tatooed” in Indian ink, cross knives, heart, and arrow over a star, over a man’s head, and violin; bracelet cn left wrist; anchor on the bock of i-lio loft hand ; chain and heart on the right wrist. * On his right thigh there is a coat of arms, and on his left he has a wreath and star.' He-is one of the two notorious Warrnambool fire raisers, who created a reign of terror in that town and district about five .years ago. Eventually ho and his mate had 14 charges of incendiarism laid against them, for which, they served a term of three years. In the Assizo Court, Constable Coman swore that lie saw the man delibe rately trying to set fire to the building. The prisoner, giving sworn evidence in liis own defence, said that he had, in the dark, ,mis taken a tobacco-tag for a coin and lit a match to make sure. He thus accidentally sot fire to some rubbish lying at the . side of the building. The jury, accepted his tes timony as truthful, and he was consequently discliarged. In the Assize Court yesterday, Mr, Justice A’Beckett reverted to the mat ter. Ho characterised the man’s explana tion as penury. His Honor's remarks are given elsewhere, and after reading them and this' explanation of their full meaning, we are sure that everyone will agree that the law. should be amended so that prisoners giving evidence on their own behalf may bo cross-examined like an ordinary witness. A Worker Not a Lexicographer.—Crown prosecutors—in fact, all lawyers—are some times painfully precise,. or, at least, pre tend to be. In the Shenandoah alleged gold stealing m the Assize Court yesterday, the blacksmith McLeheney told Mr..Smith tliat the accused man Valli told" Kim in conversa tion that he was afraid to bring out before tiro men on the night shift the bag of speci mens ydnch he had found below- for fear they would brand him as a spy.-' “Well,” said the Crown prosecutor, “what do you mean by the word spy?” Witness,'T sup pose lie would mean a sort of a cad.” “Weil, and what is a cad?” Witness ; “I think no would- mfean—well, I don't know what he would mean/’ and the half doubtful manner in which the remark was, spoken .caused a hearty roar of laughter from all parts of the'court. It was some minutes before the orthodox order again prevailed. : Yamqgn’s Troubles.—At the meeting of the City Council yesterday the mayor re ported in coxinection with , Hie complaint rnade >by tlw yanmen that the drivers of er press waggons who usually ply for hire at the auction marts are in the habit of com peting with them in the removal of fund tare. (1); That four vanmen waited on him and\Buggeatcd that if the express waggon men refrained from plying for hiro and accepting work in the removal of furniture they would not press their request /or them t> be compelled to remain- on the appointed standing. He (tlue mayor) recommended that unless the express waggon men dis continued their practice ,of plying for hire for the removal of furniture Inspector Kil feder bo instructed to enforce the regula tionsj, and cause them to go on the ap pointed 1 standing. Ho had been made aware of tiro convenience drivers of the (express waggons must be to business people and those doing business at the auction marts in the carriage of small goods, and while tho v express wagfln men confined their attention to. that -class of work and did not interfere with other traffic he would be in favor of their being allowed. in the vicinity of auction marls. The mayors report was adopte v d. The Metropole Tea Booms.—Attention, is directed to the advertisement of Miss Fo garty, wire announces that she lias -nur-. chased the Metropole Tea Booms. Shamrock buildings. City,, business people .calling at the rooms between- the hpurs of 9 am. and 7 p.nn; and 9 a.m; and 10.30 p.m. on Wed nesdays ■ and Saturdays can -always 'roly on obtaining a good cup of fco' and a tasty repast. ‘ ' Tho Weather.—The readings at Mr. -N B. Pall Moll, yesterday wore: Thermometer —9 am.', 74 deg. ;12 noon, 'B6 deg. ; 3 p.m.,' 86 dcs ; ; 6 p. ml, 82 ,'dcg;<; mlixiiuuin, 90 'diag.-; -minimum, 58 deg: Barometer—-9 a.m., 29.1 inches ;* 6 p.m., 28.90 inches. The official forecast for to-day is:—“ Fine inland, but cloudy in southoni districts, with a few coastal show ers ; west to south- winds, at first strong and squally along coast, but soon, moderat ing ; sea becoming rather rough.” * Tho Empire Fair and Art Exhibition.— A meeting of tho ladies'.committee in con-, nection With the proposed function was’ hpld at tho Mechanic/ Institute "yesterday after noon, Mrs. McGowan (tho mayoress), pre siding, and there was a large attendance. It was decided'.that the opening ceiemoay bo arranged for Tuesday, October 9 (show jveok), it was also: decided to invite busi ness people and citizen’s generally to assist to make tins a gala weak in Bendigo by urg ing the llailway Commissioner to run cheap excursions to Bendigo at farmers’ excursion rates. The city generally, the show, and the fair would thus bo benefited, and as Bendigo is then.in the midst of tho pleasant spring weather, visitors should be attracted by all legitimate -means. Mr. Glass report ed. that he had received catalogues and schedules jused ‘in connection with art exhibitions and com petitions from Brfei bane, Bathurst, ,Sydney,' Hobart, Ballarat, Melbourne and all mas ters'in tiiat department would bo printed previous.to next mooting, In order to on surs a great success the matter of inviting the various teachers and students of paint ing to donate a copy of some work for dis posal by art .union os the Bendigo artists' contribution was decided unon. About a dozen pictures have already been promised, and numerous-inquiries are also bein'' made for particulars of the various competitions. The secretary was instructed to have a' cir cular letter printed for distribution amongst painters soliciting donations to vno art union. v Tho matter of holding a garden fete t.y provide* funds to decorate .the hall, was left on the hands of the mayoress to arrange if. possible. - Donations. ~in .fancy and art needlework "and other rartioles usually dis posed of at bazaars will be solicited later on. ■ •■ ■ ■ - . . ■ .v- ■■, ■■ City Police. Court.—Messrs. J. R Hos kins and E s B. Anderson (Js.P-), presided yesterday, • One lunatic was sent to; the asylum at Sunbury. Daniel Hickey, sum moned by Ills wife for deserting his chil- was discharged on Jiis again promising to provide for them, Henry Jackson sued W. J. and Ik Coil for £4l 8s 2d, work'and labor done. Defendants filed a set off for £57 5s 3d, goods supplied. - The bencli; dis missed the cose, R. Miller was fined 10s, with 10s 6d_ costs, for blasting stone to tho danger of persons at Quarry. Hill. Thomas Brown, a boy. cliarged with throwing stones at a train at Back .Creek, was fined £l, or .eight days’ imprisonment. , The court then adjourned. Fifth Battalion.—Recruit drill wafc -held last evening when some 70 recruits assem bled. T)ie war spirit is shown by the heavy enrolment that has taken place lately,: and still continues. Last night three more men were enrolled. -• ; “Boer Trains.” —A lad, 12 years of "ago, named Thomas. Brown, was. .before the 'City Police Court yesterday, charged with throw ing stones at a train on the Ecliuca line 'bn January 23. Evidence was given that the young scamp persuaded himself that ' the train was filled with Boors, so that in at tacking it he was fighting .for his country, i The youngster in answer tp tlie bench said be was sorry for what ho had done, and'that ho would leave (rains alone for the future. ;A fine of £1 was inflicted and l paid. . ’ The Old Supreme Court Building. —At the ’meeting Of the City Council yesterday a communication from the Department oi 'Lands and Survey was received, stating in reply to the council's request that tlie. .old Supreme Court buildings might be: sot apart for the purposes: of a technical agricul tural college, that in view of a report ob \- ashed from the Inspector-general of Penal Establishments, it 'p'os expedient that the; Gorernmisnt should' , retain control of the property. No further aetion was takon in the matter. ; , • . "Comforts” "Wafited Near Horn/—A’ shocking story of destitution, culmmating in attempted suicide, was told to the Sydney city magistrates on Wednesday.xn connection jwith tlie qnoseoution of a boy named Harry : WUliamsV-agcd 12; on a'chiarge of having no lawful visible means of support. The tale ; told by the poire was to- the effect that the boy’s mother was, in a destitute' condition. On Tuesday night, overcome by her abject misery, she took a quantity of arsenic, and was now lying; in the hospital in a critical condition. The boy had been without, food for 24 hours at a stretch, andivasvery weak and low in condition in consequence.; Tlie mother told the. police that she had no i money to buy him'food, and could find no employment. She had threatened that if she could not get money Or employment she would do something desperate te tho boy,’aa she could not.bear to see ;hinr starving. The father’s , whereabouts, are unknown, .but tlie police were in a position to state that he had no employment. Tlie boy was ordered to be placed on board the Sobraon. Art el derly man named John Close, who was found lying ill in an untenanted house at Goul bura, has died in the hospital. His death was due to starvation;and exposure. ’ : St. Andrew’s College and High School.— Those two institutions, whichare now amal gamated. commence their session on Tues day iiisxt. The principals will be in at tendance on Monday to enrol new pupils! A complete course of -instruction is .offered in the different grades, - kindergarten, - pre paratory, middle and upper schools, and in addition to tho regular studies, classes for gymnastics, music and dancing, will “be formed,. Night school is held on Monday and Tliursday evenings, and on Saturdays there are classes for teachers. . The posses sion of ample, biitldings ahd’a staff of six experienced' teaelidih is a guarantee* tlha|t \- thorough efficiency will be secured. In De cember six pupils passed matriculation (the only one's in Bendigo) and quite recently the only pupil sent up for public service was successful! .. ! '. ; . Testing Manures.—Farmers will be pleas ed to learn that the Munster of . Agriculture proposes to make a thorough trial of the value of .manure’s in difforenit parts of- the . colony., The Department of Agriciilturc under the supervision of Mr. A. N. Pearson, the Government agricultural chemist, and Dr, Howell, who ( has recently joined the department, is going to make a number of ; experiments tfironighout the colony with a variety of manures;:: For tho purpose they have purchased from Mr. P. Robs, of tills city, four of his “Buckeye” seed and fertilis ing drills, Dr. Howell is now, making a complete soil survey of the colony, and is lecturing to farmers .in all parts of the colony on manures and manuring, and tin Splendid results to bo obtained from the , scientificuse.of-fertilisers. (lie experiments te be held, during the com ing season will be given full publicity* and an incalculable benefit te. farmers must re sult, for the scientific theory of the ment will be worked out in a.practical man ner. Wo arc pleased to know that the de partment after thorough investigation- coa sidered. tho; “Buckeye” drill the 'best in the market with'which to work out their experi ments, as tho importer (Mr. P. Eohs) is one of our own cifc : zons who has worked hard during the past twenty years in introducing this highly useful claSss of machinery to ‘ho colony. VV- ;V *- : .■ ■ A Ghost—At .-.the Full- of„the Moon,':— The Herald has been offering a reward ‘for the best bushman story; Amongst'the “yarns” sent in for competition :is a weird one bearing the signature of P. Grant, Bar nard street, Bendigo. ’’ It reads This is not merely a yarn “while the billy boils,” but a fact which occurred to me when in the bush. . I was returning home on a bright moonlight night, after a hard; day’s grub bing, thinking of England and-,friends>fnr away, when I thought a smoke would be refreshing, but after filling-my pipe found I had no matches. Just as I was putting my pipe away, with a sigh, I looked up. and ,on the opposite side saw a man loaning on a fence, hi® head bent. Ho was dressed as_a busliman, and I noticed a red hand kerchiefknotted round his neck. Of course, I could get a match off him. I went for ward’ and asked for a light, and, to my as tonishment, recognised him as bti old resi dent of tho township where X was making for. As he made no reply, I took my box out to show him, and: on looking ■up found ho had disappeared. I oearched, for some time without success; finding oply a knife. On reaching home I at once communicated with his friends, who stated that ho had gone to . look .for Knife, ho Jiad lost. Strange to relate, he was' never- found, and a man with whom ho had had seine dis agreement disappeared at the same time. The strangest part of-my story ■is thatatthe full ‘of emit moon he "is to, be seeri standing, bead down, at the very spot I sav? him tne night he disappeared. Bangoroua Bynanutiug.'r-At tbo : Oity ( \- j7*!st&r;<la)y, .morning -[Robert Miller, who has the ebntftwfc for excavating for the; uo.w aho<hf at tho railway station. -Was charged with using blasting material within tbo' city boUndary' wifcho'ut. firsfc obr tinning ‘ the pormissibn of the councU.-Haih oldthcs Oonstablo Taylor gave evidence tliftt oh;, the 15th bteVtlio defondwit put,* chticgf of 'dynoriuto in some’'rocks’ arid exploded itj, portion of tho debns bomg carried fully ' u yufds away on to'tjio Jpasaeriger platform at tho station, sorious "daxaago bojng narrow ,ly averted. • , Ijefendaut said that had uihco ceased to explosives. A fine of 10s, with XOa cosla, was imposed. < . Oh MarchylO. .Messrs, J 0. Walker and Co. and-F. Hill and Co. (in conjunction) will nolba : farm consisting o! 700 acres three mfloa from the, Uerby mlway 8UUon, 'uacU>r jr«trudli6u« ; from .■'Mr.; Andrew., Baxter., : ; t • r. .• '' •. v - " ' RSedlo and Co. wish to, draw attention to tho sale of'Mrrt. FoleyV proiioriy in Ruesoil Street, and to their ’great clearing sale at NpV •7 PaU*. Moll, under instructions from Mr; P. M. Scott ,• in the estate of ,mr. J. Motri*. The'whole - slock ,n»ust. bo cleared ut any' sacrifice. On, Wednesday, Foliumry 28, Messrs. James Andrew and Co, will soil, m tho citato of Mw.' K. Stephens, of Lockwood road, Aangaroo Vlal, a choice collection of houaehold furniture, pony: mid spring cart andotherarticlos enumerated, in tho advectismont. " , Mrs. y ickery, principal of St.; Paul’s Kinder firton and Preparatory School? announce* that lilies , resume on Tuesday, . February Z7. The quarterly meeting; of the Bendigo and; 1 1'/iglehuwkrGhamber of Commerce will bo hold , at Uio Bednive on Monday-evening at; 8 o'clock:" Oh Friday, Marche 9, at ;Elmore, Messrs, A. ; B. Wallis and Go. will conduct, a; special; salo of horses. They, expect to yawl,about 150 head' of'dll classes. , ,w .., ’ VV" ‘ 7 . ’ Gri Wednesday next, at'1.30, on tho; premises, HoldsivortU -roiM; American Gull>v Mr. J. H,. Camow' will 1 conduct an undeserved ■ clearing said of. a new wib. dwelling and<'«“lwgq allot* moat of land, alsdj the very superior furnishings, of the:house, under instructions from.Mr, S.. Arthur, who is off lo' Westraliu. Thursday next, at his rooms,'-View dtreot, at *5 o’clock, ho -will 'soli a. largo'freehold allotment; having frontages la. Fore at* tract and Wattle lone, with a large brick dwelling thereon, to -wmd the estate of jM r *>■JohnWlntorbottom, deceased. Under instructions from Mr, Sol wood, he; will poll 20 acres of land on the,'Lockwood road, just _b*eyo« ul Kangaroo Flat, also a , quartor acto- allotment' with a four-roomed dwelling thereon opposite the Kangaroo Flat railway sta tion, under instructions from tho-.owner u and oh the following Thursday ho will sell a large "freehold allotment with a now six-ropmed ,W-b dwelling • thereon, situated at ' Spwnwhawk, ’ under 'instructioha 1 from Mhf. , II. M., Curtlow; also a largo allotment with, a w.b, dwelling thorobn Bitoalcd iti Bouudjity etreclt,, cio fi £ w the Garden .Gully wine, .under imlrucliona from -Mr. H: Cares, : „ . ' , _ Messrs. Alf. -E. Wallis and Co. report having sold; on account of Mr. Goorgo Carey; his farm of 256 acres near Dingeo roflway;station, to Mr. T, Williams, at a. eatisraciory; price. The firm r announce an .extensive dearnu sale, dh account of, Mr. Carey on Satiny, Match 10 Tho Buckley street Primitive Mefhodista will; hold a pleasant Sunday‘ afternoon at 3 oclocb to-morrow, when tho Rov. O.Mason wdl pye a, short address on “Busybodics., ; In the eyen ihe tho Rov. 'F; Rahkih conducts a lantern somce entitled '’The There will bo special Binging at Attention is dra\vri to the advertisement of Mr J. Koch, of Mitchell: 8tmb, wh 9, mmnees that ho. Has a very- choice adeebjon. Of sUvor-raountod-pipefl and w^hM, including some noWly mportod WalthamB m S- guaranteed-to wear equal to | gold for 25 years, .'-i-. .•' 