BT"Q" (JL. T. QXUXTJEB-COITCH). [COPTBICHT.3 You enter the village of Gan tick be tween two round-houses set one on eacl side of the high-road where it dip! steeply towards the valley bottom. Or. she west of the opposite hill the road passes out between another pair oi round- houses. And down in the hear! of the village among the elms facing thc churchyard lichgate stands a fifth alone. . The five therefore formed an elongated St. Andrew's cross ; but nobody can tell for certain who built them, and why. They are all alike: each built of cob, circular, whitewashed,' having pointed windows and a conical roof of thatch with a wooden cross on the apex. When % was a boy these thatched roofs used to he pointed out to me as masterpieces j and they «till endure. But the race of «killed thatchers, once the peculiar pride of Gantick, has come to an' end. »What time has eaten modern and clumsy hands have tried to repair ; yet a glance . will .tell yon that the old sound work : means to outwear the patches anti per- haps another set. \- r The last of thea3 fem-.us thatchers \- lived in the round-house on your right es you leave Gantick by the seaward road. 1 His name was old Nat Ellery, or That- cher Ellery, and his age/as I rejnènifcw him) between seventy and eighty. Yet feclung tb his work, being one of those m men upon whom age, exposure, and even drink take ja long while to tell. For lie drank: not socially at the Ring cf Bells, but at home in solitude with b Mack bottle at his »-.(bow. \- He lived there alone, his neighbours, even of the" round-hause ao» «s tue road, dawned hun aue were shunned by bim j . «Hidren would «uU rather than niest hun ? on the road ns he came along striding Swiftly for his «ge (the drink never af f coted his leas), ready greaved and some- times gauntleted as if in haste for his Job, always muttering tc himself; and jwhen he passed us with just a side glance {rem his red eyes, we observed that his jude face did not cease to twitch nor his ; lips to work. We felt something like «we for the courage of Archie Passmore, who followed twenty paces behind with his tools and * nundle of spar or straw *ope, or perhapB the end of a Udder iWhlch the two carried between them. JürcMe (aged sixteen) used to boast to us that he did not {ear the old man a ha' '.? penny; «nd the old man treated Archie as^tífteonite, » hewer of wood,« drawer ; «f water, never as an apprentice. Of his c ¿raft, exoept what he oioked up by \- ^toning, tile lad learned nothing. . ', What made him so vaguely terrible to f :«s was tte common rumour in .the village ^^hat'^9uttoher Ellery had served once on i^0kt his Majesty^ colours, but had de ^pattíii and was still liable to be taken and " «hot for it. . Now wis was true, and every one knew it, though why ana how he had deserted were questions answered Among us only by dark and frightful Piesses.' fie had outlived all risk of the law's revenge - no one, it wa» certain. ,won}d take $be trouble to seize and execute "justice upon a drunkard of , seventy^-But we children never thought nf. this,- and for us, as we watched hun ; down the road, there was always the j thrilling chance that over the edge or fj^nnd the next corner would pop up a j «quad of redcoats. Some of us had oven | coen, it in dreams. j : U. _ i ThiB is the story of Thatcher Ellery as >^li%at'-told to me after his death, which ^happened one night a few weeks before ;-fFeame home from Behool on my fir6t sommer holidays. His father-in the early years of the Century had-kent the mill np at Trethake Water two miles aboverGantick. There "' were two sons, of whom Beub, the elder, ; succeeded to the mill. Nat had heen ap- prenticed to the thatching. Accident of hirth assigned tb the two these different ; V^F8 of life,-.bot hy taking thought their parents could not have chosen more ï^l^seïyïr for Nat" was horn clever, with . - an-ambition to cot «.'figure in men's : :*yes and just that sense of finish and the Äe]ed of it which makes the good work- man.. Whereas his bsother went the daily round at home as contentedly as a norse afc a cider-press. But Nat made 4he mistake of lodging under his father's roof and his mother made the worse mis îake of liking lier first-horn the better «nd openly showing it. Nat. jealous and sensitive hy nature, came to imagine the Lwkoleworld against hun; and Reub, j/Who had no vice beyond a large thick ^witted selfishness, seemed to make a hab jit of treading on his corns. At length hearne the explosion-a sudden^urious j$ssault, which sent Beub souse into the paternal mill-leat. -The mother cursed Nat forth from the «floor,-and no doubt said a great deal more iíban she meant. The boy-he was just seventeen-carried his box down tb the ' "Sting of Bells/ Next morning as he sat ^viciously driving spars, astride on a rick ridge whence he could see-far over the. bhanneî, there came into sight round De-r : i^man's Point a sbip-of-war running be- ¡ \- TOre the strong easterly breeze with piled . ;«anvas, white stun' saus bellying, «nd a- ' fine froth of white water running off her Í Hw 9tôtt.>--4ha&ét ship followeí, and ' ?pother-At length; a squadron of six. %miu watched them from time to time un-1 ^xthey trimmed sails and stood in for f IPslmputh, Then he-climbed down from , ge rick and putbnhüícoatr . f^^wo¿y¿a^^t^ke landed - at Ports- ! ímimth; hearty alli i*¡elimgine^S^ i #fcjmt night jmd^for tenj^ ?^B^one:^órnfng iïouïotâSriself sin* tim < í streets wifch^ ctroops îembark^ '¿Mtó&ut;ó&ti;'c. «ni regiment:^^MÍfei ^6o1{^^|Í9^aw -Totirth .. M^!Bfa¡jjfe Gwn^^^deedÄthe whole serviceton- : ;^iàigl^WS&JBo;àv. of men. He MâUi: .^&Wa;^lÍi^msMí^aBÍ gave a false name. : .^k^^^^^ma--hài mother's ia&BlU;ß " ' +~ ** - ». . ., y1 'I'! Y i^gww^gff nm&*¡¡& li cfen«n««fo7> TnV*erg««t1 took him to a lora^tíng-Eergeant aad banded bim over with a trink. The. re-n cruiting-sergeant asked a few convenient questions, and within the honr Nat was a soldier of Song George. To his distrust, however, they did not embark him for Portugal, but marched him up the length of England to Lancaster, to learn nis drill with the Second Battalion. Seventeen months rater they marched him back through the length of England -outwardly a made soldier-and shipped him on a transport for Gibraltar. In the meantime he had found two friends-the only two real ones he had ever found in his life., They were Dave Mcinnes and Teddy Butson. privates of the Fourth Regiment of Foot, Second Battalion, C Company. Dave Mcinnes came from somewhere to the west of Perth and drank like a fish when he had the chance ; Teddy Butson came from the Lord knew where, with a tongue that wagged about everything except his own past. It did indeed wag about that, but told nothing but lies which were understood and ac- cepted for lies and by consequence did not count.. These two had christened Nat Ellery "Spuds." He had no secret from them hut one. He was the cleverest of the three, and they admired him for it. He admired them in return for possessing something he lacked. It . seemed to him the most important, almost the only important, thing in the world. For (this was his secret) he believed himself to be a coward. He was not really a coward, though he carried about in his heart the liveliest fear of death and wounds. He was always asking himself how he would behave under fire; and somehow he found the odds heavy against his behaving well. He nut roundabout questions to Dave «nd Teddy with the ann of discovering what they felt about it. They answered in a careless matter of-fact way, as men to. whom it had never occurred to have any doubt about them- selves. And then Nat was desperately afraid they might guess his reason for asking. Just here, when their friendship might have been helpful, it failed alto- gether. He felt angry with them for not understanding while he prayed that they might not understand. He took to ob- serving other men in the regiment and found them equally cheerful, concerned only with the moment. He became se- cretly religious after a fashion. He felt that hs was the one and only coward in the King's Own, and prayed and planned -his behaviour day and night to avoid be- ing found out. In this state of mind he landed at Gib- raltar. When the order came for the Fourthjto move up to the front he classed with the rest, watching their faces. HI. _At ten o'clock on the night of April < 1812,-our troops were to assault Badajoi It was now a few minutes past nine! The night had closed in without rain but cloudy and thick with river fog. Th moon would not rise for another hour c more. After the day's furious hon bardment silence had fallen en besiege end besiegers; but now and then a Ugh flitted upon the ramparts and at intel vals the British gathered in the tranche could hear the call of a sentinel pro claiming that all was well in Badajoz. In the trenches a low, continuous mur mur mingled with the voices of runninj water. On the right by the Guadian waited Ficton's Third Division, breath ing hard as the time drew nearer Kempt commanded, these for the mo ment. Picton was in camp attending ti a hurt ; but his men knew that beton ten o'clock he would arrive to lead acrosi the Rivilla* by the narrow bridge and u| to the walls of the castle frowning ovei .the river at the city's north-eas' corner. In the centre and over against the wal! to the left of the castle were assemblée Colviîie's and Barnard's men of th< Fourth and Light Divisions. Theirs according to the general's plans, was tc be the main business to-night ; to carry the breeches hammered in the Trinidad and Santa Maria bastions and the cur- tain between ; the Fourth told off for the Trinidad 'and the curtain, the Light Bobs for the Santa Maria-heroes these of Moore's famous rearguard, tried men of the Fifty-second Fpot and the Ninety fifth Rifles, with the Forty-third beside -them and destined to pay the heaviest price of all to- night for the glory of such comradeship. But indeed Ciudad Rod- rigo had given the Forty-third a title to stand among the best. And far away to the left on the lower slopes of the hills Leigh's Fifth Division was halted in deep columns. A knoll separated his two brigades and across the interval of darkness they could hear each other's movements. They were_to operate independently, and concerning the task before the brigade on the right there could be no doubt ; a dash across the gorse at their feet and an assault upon the outlying Pardaleras on the opposite slope. But the business before Walker's brigade on the left was by no means simple. The storining-party had been marching light with two comnanies of Portuguese to carry their ladders, and stood discussing prospects, for as yet they were well out of earshot of the walls end the moment for strict silence had not arrived. "The Vincenty," grumbled Teddy But Bon; "and he shot tome if I ever know what its like." "Like!" Molnhes's jaws «shut on the j word like a steel tran. "The Scarp's ! thirty feet high and the ditch accordin'. The last on thé west side ii will he, over hy the river. " I know it like your face, audit's uglier, if' that's possible." 'Dick Webster was' saying it's mined,'* putin. ¡jPái, conimanauig a firm voice. ^BSttf the «lacis? I shouldn't wonder' Walker will know." "B»twha«lhedo?"" ?;^l?éll, now"-Dave seemed to be con ^ering--"it will not be for the likes of $$ù\& telling the brigadier-owneral. Butrff Walker comes to me rnhd says, iDftve^thereVa mine herabouts. -What* wül I he doingf it's like «nongh'l shall -iBayV" ^tB^^'fcmopr" ^to»»^' 'foi; :jgfo~Mi»J usual course is tb walk round itr ~ -* Teddy Butson chuckled and rubbed the back ot bis axe approvingly. Nat held his tongue for a minute almost and then broke ont irritably: "To hell with this waiting 1" His nerves were raw. Two minutes later a man on his right kicked awkward- ly against his foot. It startled him, and he had cursed furiously. "Hold hard. Spuds, my boy," said the man cheerfully; "you ain't Lord Wel- lington nor his next-of-kin, to be making all that noise." Teddy Butson wagged his head solemn- ly at a light which showed foggily for a moment on the distant ramparts. "All right," said he, "you-town! Little you know it : Teddy's birthday." 'There will be wine," said Dave dream ily. ^ "Lashins of it- wine and women-and other things. I wonder how our boys are feeling on the right. What's thatP" as a light shot up over the ridge to the eastward. 'Wish I could see what's do- ing over there. My belief, we're only put up for a feint." "Oh, hush it, you Boyal mill-clappers 1" This came from the darkness behind; from some man of the ' Thirtieth, no doubt. - The voice was tense, with a note of nervousness in it which Nat recognised at once. He turned with a sudden de- sire to see the speaker's face. Here was one who felt as he did, who could under- stand him'; . but his eyes sought in vain among the lines of glimmering black shakos. "Silence in the ranks !" Two officers came forward, talking together andpaus ing to watch the curious light now rising and sinking again in the sky over the eastern ridges. "They must have caught sight of bur f elows-listen ! wasn't that a a cheerP What time is it?" The officer was Captain Hopkins, commanding Nat's company, but now in charge of the stormers. A voice hailed him, end he ran back-"Yes, sir j I think so decidedly," Nat heard him saying, and he came run- ning, clutching his sword «heath. "Sil- ence, men I the brigade will advance." The Portuguese picked up and should- ered their ladders, the orders were given, and the columns began to more down the slope. For a while they could hear the tramp of the other brigade moving par- allel with them on the other «ide of the knoll, then fainter and fainter as it wheeled aside and down the gorge to the right. At the foot of the slope they op- ened à view up the gorge lighted for a moment by a fiare burning on the ram- parts of the Pardaleras, and saw their comrades moving down and across the bottom like a stream of red lava 'pouring towards tbs foot. The flare, died down, and our brigade struck" away to the left over the level country. Oà this side Badajos remained dark and silent. They were marching.quickly, yet the pace did not satisfy Nat. He wanted to be through with it, to come face to face with the worst and know it. And yet he feared it abominably. . For two years he had contrived to hide his secret- He had marched, counter-marched, fed, slept, and fought with his comrades ; had dodg- ed with them-behind cover, loaded, fired, charged'with them; had behaved out- wardly like a decent soldier, but almost always with a sickening void in the pit of his stomach. Once or twice in par- ticularly bad moments he had caught himself blubbering, and with a deadly shame. He had not an idea that at least a dozen of his comrades-among them Dave and Teddy--had seen it and thought nothing of it ; still less did he imagine that those had been his most courageous moments. Soldiers fight 1 aarerently. Teddy Butson, for instance, ! talked all the time until his tongue ! swelled and then he barked like a dog. Dave shut his teeth and groaned. But these symptoms escaped Nat, whose hab- it was to think all the while of himself. Of one thing he felt sure, that he had never yet been anything but glad to hear the recall sounded. Well, co far he had escaped. Heaven knew how he had managed it ; he only knew that the last two years had been as long as fifty, and he seemed to have been living since the beginning of the world. But here he was, and actually keeping step with a storming party. He kept his eyes on Dave's long, lean back immediately in front and trudged on, divided between an insane desire to know of what Dave was thinking and an equ- ally insane wonder what Dave's body might be worth him as cover. What was the silly word capering in his head? "Mill-clappers." Why on earth '*Mill-clappers ?" It put him in mind of home ; but he had no silly tend- er thoughts to waste on home, or the folks there. He had never written to them. If they should happen on the copy of the "Gazette"-and tho chances were a hundred to one against it-the name of Nathaniel Varcoe among the killed or wounded would mean nothing to them. Hs tramped on, chewing his fancy, and extracted this from it : "A man with never a friend at home hasn't even an excuse to be a coward, curse it Î" Suddenly the column halted, in a bank. of fog through which his ear caught the lazy riople of water. He woke up with a start. Tfcefog was aU about them. 'What's;thishe demanded aloud; then with a catch bf his - breath "Mines?" "Eh, bè quiet,!' said Teddy Butson at his elbow . ^listen to yonder." And the i word was hardly ont When an -explosion snlif the sky and was followed by peal'! 'after -->al of musketry. Nat had a swift j vision of a high black wall against a back-ground of flame, and then night j came down as you might close a shutter, j But the musketry continued. "Nat will ' be at the -breaches." Dave flung the words over his left shoulder. Then fol- lowed .another nash and an explosion.. This time, however, the' light, though imM^J^.^^et^l^, "did not - vanish,- While he wondered at this, Nat ii^&r;&^ I M .lill i I J . «... Il ^11 . .1,1 [ tbreujA the slut bf as embrajmre, And thea Teddy's pale bot cheerful face. The head or the column had been halt- ed a few yards only from a breastwork, "with a stockade above it and a chevaux-" ; de-friee on top of all. As far as know- ledge of his wnerabouts went, Nat might have been east, west, north or south of Badajoz, or somewhere in another planet. Bat the past two years had somehow taught him to divine that behind this ug- ly obstruction lay a covered way with a guard-house. And sure enough the men, keeping dead silence now. could hear the French soldiers chattering in that unseen guard-house and laughing. "Now'6 the time"-Nat heard the word passéd back by tho young engineer officer who had crept forward to reconnoitre; and then an order given in Portuguese. 'Ay, bring up the ladders, you greas- ers and let's put it through 1"-This from Teddy Buteon, chafing by Nat's side. The two Portuguese companies came forward with the ladders as the storming party moved up to the gateway. And just at that moment there the sentry let off his alarm-shot.,. It set ail within the San Vincente bastion moving and whir- ring like the works of a mechanical toy : feet came running along the covered way ; muskets olinked on the stone para- pet ; tongues of fire spat forth from the embrasures ; and then, as the musketry quickened a flash and a roar lifted the glacis ¿way behind, to the right of our i column, so near that the wind of it drove our men sidewise. "All right, Johnny." Dave grunted, recovering himself as the clods of earth began to fall. "Blaze away, my 6illy ducks ; we're not there 1" But the Portuguese comnanies. as the I mine exploded, cast down the ladders and ran. Half a dosen came charging back along the column's rieht flank, and our soldiers cursed and struck at them as they fled. But the curses were as aoth- ; ing beside those of the Portuguese offi- cers striving to rallv their men. "My word," said Teddy. "Hear them , scandalous greasers. It's poor talk is ¡ English." j «'On with you, ladsP'-r-it was Walker ! himself who shouted. 'Tick up the lad- ders and on with youl" They hardly waited for the word, but. I shouldering the ladders, ran forward i through the dropping bullets to the gate, cheering and cheered by the rear ranks. But they flung themselves in vain on the gate. On its ironbound and iron studded framework their axes made np impression. A dosen men charged it. us- ing a ladder as a battering ram. "Aisy with that, ye blind ij jits i yelled an Irish sergeant. "Ye'U be needin' them ladders prisiBÜyr* " , i Oar three privates found themselves j in the crowd surging towards the breast- ; work to the right of tim gate, "Nip on: my shoulders,Teddy lady' grunted Mc Innes, and Teddy moped up and began hacking at the "chevaux-de-frise" with bis axe.' .That's uv ut, bhoys," yelled the Irish sergeant again. "Lave them spikeB and go tor the stockade. Good for you, little man-whirrooî" Nat bv this time was on a comrades back and using his axe for dear life one of twenty men hacking, ripping, tearing down the wooden stakes. But it was Teddy who wriggled through first, with Dave .at his heels. The man be- neath Nat gave a heave with his should- ers, and shot him through his gap, a splinter tearing his cheek open. He fell head foremost sprawling down the slip- pery slope of the ditch. While he picked himself and stretched out a hand to recover hts axe a bullet struck the blade of it-ping J He caught up the axe and ran his nager over it stu- pidly. Fhat 1-another bullet spat into the soft earth behind his shoulder. Then he understood. A fellow came tumbling through the gap and pitched exactly where he had been sprawling a minute before, rose to bis knees, and then with a ~uiet bubbling sound lay down again. Ugh I he would be killed-he must get out of this ! But there was no cover unless he found it across the ditch and close under the high stone curtain. They would be dropping stones, beams, fire barrels: but at least he would be out of the reach of the bullets. Oddly enough, he forgot the chance-the certainty of an enfilading fire from the two bastions. His che desire was to get across and pick some place of shelter , B~ this time the men were pouring in behind and fast filling the ditch. A fire- ball came crashing over the rampart, rolled down the grass slope and lay shut- tering ; and in the infernal glare he saw all his comrades' faces, every detail of their dress down to the molded-pattern of their buttons.^ "Fourth! Fourth!" some one shouted, and then voice and vision were caught uo and drowned to- gether in a hell of musketry. He must win across and be carried he knew not where by the brute pressure of the crowd. A cry broke from him and he ran, waving his Bxe, plunged down the 6lope and across. On the further slope I an officer caught him up and scrambled j beside him. "Whiruoo, S"uds! After him, boys !" sang out Teddy Dutson ; but Spuds did not hear. I Ho and the officer-were at the ton of I the turf, at the foot of the curtain. "Lad- ders 1 ladders!" He caught hold of the first as it was pushed up and helped, now the centre of a small crowd, to plant it againstthe wall. Then he fell back mop- ping his forehead, and feeling his torn cheek. What the devil were they groan- ing; atf ShortP The ladders too short P ao stared up foolishly. The^woll-was thirty feet high, perhans, and the ladder ten feet short of that br more 1 '"Heads 1" A heavy beam crashed down, ènanning .the foot of the ladder like a cabbage stump. Away to the left a group ofmen Were planting -iäoth^V^&alf;^öiEeh'' dropped while he watched .them.; Why in the world were they dropping like that? He: stared Jbeybnd -'anç:'saw; the reason* The Jfrenxhjjh^ hastien were sweepinp'the face bf the curtain with thefr.:«rorä'nre-^^ Bed bullets again 1 And the ladder did; not reach after áílr'Oh 5 iti^"%iipu«h*; earthly-jgoodl ^^y»tw*HËb>«w npfhe,^ business and go borne? Why didn't someone stop those silly bugles Bounding _ the Advance. There they went again. It was enough, to drive a man mad Í He turned and ran down the slope * short way. For the moment he held a gri-> on himself, but it was slackening, and in another half minute he would - have lost it and run in mere blind horror. But in the first group he blundered up- on were Dave and Teddy, and a score of the King's Own, with a couple of ladders between them; and, better still, they were listening to Captain Hopkins, who waved an arm and pointed to an embras- ure to the left in the corass of the bast- ion. Nat, pulling himself uo and staring with the rest, saw that no gun stood in ¿his embrasure-only a gabion. In a mo- - meat he was climbing the slope again : if a man must die, there's comfort, at least, in company. He bore a hana in planting the' two ladders ; a third was ' fetched-Heaven knew whence or how and planted beside them, : and sp the men swarmed, three.abreast, Dave lead in*r on the right hand one, at the foot of - which Nat hung back and swayed. He heard Dave's long sigh-the sigh, tho sob almost, of desire answered at last. He watched him as he mounted. The ladders : i were still too short, and the leader on . each must climb on the second man's v j shoulders to get. hand-hold on the cop-. ' , inc. In that moment he might be club- ; j bed on the head, defenceless. , On the ." middle ladder a young officer of theThir- '; tieth mounted by Dave's «Ule..- Nat - i turned his head away, and as he did so : ¡ a rush of men galled by the fire from the'r * I bastion to the right came on him like a wave and swept him un the first ^ four rungs.'-' ' '. He was in for it now. Ob back he could ? not, and. he followed the tali Boyal ahead, whose heels scraped against his breast buttons, and once or twice bruised him in the face-followed up, wondering , what face bf death would'meet him at the top where men were yelling and' jaV ' bering in three -different languages French, English, and that tongue which' "" belongs eanally to men and brutes at ' close quarters-and killing. ^ : Something came sliding down the lad- der. The man sn front bf Nat ducked his head; Nat ducked too, nut the body slid : .' sidewise before it . reached them and dropped plumb-the inert lump which badi 3een Dave Mcinnes. His shako, «pin ning straight down the ladder, struck Nat on the shoulder and leaped of it, down into the darkness. . . > - - [ . He saw other mea drop : he «aw Teddy, -;:r Butson parallel with him oh the far lad- der, ana mounting with him step -for -v. step, now earlier, now .later, but level - with him most of tho time. They woiflft^ meet at the embrasure; find together . whatever waited for them there.; Nafc/V was sobbing V this time, sweat and tears ' together running down the caked blood; 7 on his cheek: hut he did not know it. He had almost reached the top when a sudden pressure above forced MB feet off the rung and his body over the ladder's side; and there he dangled, hooked br the armpit. Some one grabbed his leg, - and pulling him into place, thrust him u- over the shoulders of the tall Boyal in front. He saw the leader on the mid- dle ladder go down under a clubbed blow which'burst through his japanned shako-cover, and then a hand came down to help him. .. "Spuds^-ohSpudsl" i tt was Teddy reaching down from the I coping to help him, and he paid for it I with his life. .The two wriggled in the I embrasure together, Nat's^head and shoulders under Teddy's right arm. Nat ¡ did not see the bayonet-thrust given, but heard a low grunt, as he and his [ friend's corpse toppled over the coping together and into Badajoz. He rose on his knees, caught a man by the leg, flung him, and as the fellow clutched his musket, wrenched thc bay- onet from it and plunged it into ms body. While the Frenchman heaved he nulled cut the weapoa. for another stab ; he dropped sprawling on . his enemy's chest and the first wave of the storming party broke over him, heating the breath out of him, and passed on. Yet he managed to wriggle his body from under this rush of feet, and by and by to raise himself, still grasping 'the side arm. Men of the fourth were pour- ing thick and fast through the embrasure and turning to the right in pursuit bf the enemy, now running along the curve . of tho ramparts. A' few only pressed, straight forward to silence the musketry jolting and crackling from the upper, windows of two houses facing on the for- tifications. Nat staggered doTvn after them, hut turned as soon as he gained the roadway, and passing to the right, "lunged down a black side street. An insane notion possessed him of taking the two houses in-the rear, and as ho went be shouted to the Fourth to follow him. No one paid him the smallest attention, and nresentlv he was alone in the darkness, rolling like a drunkard, shaken by his sobs but still shouting and brandishing his side-arm. He clattered against a high blank wall. Still he lurched forward over uneven cobbles. He had forgoten his design up- on the two houses, but a light shone aV . the end ~of this dark laue And he made . for it, gained it, and found himself in a, ; wider street. And then the enchantment fell on him. For the street was empty,, .?utterly elúnty, yet brilliantly iHumin-' : ated. Net a soul could he see : yet in home after house, jas he passed, "ligh^si. shone from every window^ in the Jowerf-' floors behind blinds or curtains; which:' hid the inmates. - It was as if Badajoz\~. ;hiftd arrayed itself for a fete. £¿Jral$aDf^ as he -staggered fbrawrd, a Ibjr'fcítoí^ whisper -of voices surrounded bAitt/ and: r ^iow and again at :{bQ~stónVi$~í&:Wik'¡¿ stè* on the cobbles a %aiÉ^m^^-:iá^iíh. gently 'and be asrgeàtly vre-shut>;i/Hup%| dreds offeyes were ii^sha^'Ài*mmi^O(r' one british soldier. w à'bé^^eÀ^f^Î hundreds bf unseen;*:fc**sr. stealth)y;;<CE^ ^jeotant. ? And always-tahead bf %ict'< Éa?nt.and distant, Bounded *be »ugle« ?ind the yells around the Trinidad land the Breaches. I He stood alone in the great square. F While he paused at the corner, his eyes following the rows of mysterious lights from house to house, from storey to storey the regular tramo of feet fell on his ears and a company of foot marched down into the mooonlit patch facing him and grounded arms with a clatter. They were men of his own regiment, and they formed up in the moonlight like a com- pany of ghosts. One or two shots were fired at- them, low down, from the sills of a line of ddoorways to his right ; but no citizen showed himself, and no one appeared to be hit. And even from the direction of the Trinidad came the low roar of combats and the high notes of the bugles. . Be wa» creeping aioug the side of ihe square toward an outlet at .-s north- east corner, when the company got into motion again and came toward him. Then he turned up a narrow lane to the left» and fled. He was sobbing no longer ; the passion had died out of him, and he knew himself to be mad.: |n the dark- ness the silent streets began to fill ; ran- dom shots whistled at every street corn- er; but he blundered on, taking no ac- count of them. Once he ran against a body of i'icton's men-half a score of the the Seventy-fourth Regiment let loose at length from the captured castle, and burning for loot. - One man thrust the mural© of his musket against his breast before he was recognised. Then two or three: shook hands with him. He was back in the square again and fighting-Heaven knew why-with an officer of the Brunswickers over a bird- cage. Whence the bird-cage came he had no dear idea . but there was a canary bird inside, and he wanted it. A random shot smashed his left hand as he gripped the cage, and he dropped it as something with which he had no further concern. As he turned away, hugging his hand, and cursing the marksman, a second shot from another direction took the Bruus wicker between the shoulders. .. -jfct daw» he found himself on the ram- parts by the Tritridad breach, pearingcur- i iously among the stain. Across the top 4>f tile breach stretched a heaw beam, studded with sword-blades, and ali the bodies on this side of it were French. JBwht beneath it lay one redcoat whose skull bad been battered out of shape as he attempted to wrieole through. Al) itb i#6r blades were stained and on nn© buttered a strip bf flannel shirt. ,-üI^owá^^uibl^ed every inch of the ram- part hereabout, and as Nat passed over >he IsaW the bpo^ piled in scores on the scorched .vf^OJ^beanut, .gabions, burned-out .fire ÍÍ:Miw^ánd the wreckage bf ladders. A "iJibnfbm smell of singed flesh rose on the moraingnir; -and, beyond the stench and , : the sullen smoke, birds sang iii the dewy :. ieldsi and theGuadiana flowed between «ray olives, a green promise of harvest. 7 3Bélow, a Bingle British officer, wrapped in » dark caps, picked 'his way among \- thB%brpses. ' Behind intermittent abott abd outer ies told of .the «Belt in progress. Save for Nat and thé dead, the Trinidad was a desert. Yet he talked incessantly ^d, «topping to pat the shoulder of thi . red-ooat beneath the chevaux-de-frise spoke to Bara Mcinnes aird Teddy Butsoi \- to come and look. He never doubted thej v were beside Irim. 'Pretty mess they** . made of this chap." He touched th man's collar-" * orly a corporal tTgh, let's get ont of thfil" In imagina tion he linked arms with two men a] \- ready stiffening, one at the foot and th .other at the summit of the San Yin Viente'*-- bastion. "King's Own - ai -friends in the King's Own," he babble as he retraced his steps into town. , He had a firelock in bis hands ; he wi fumbling with it very clumsily,'by rei son of his shattered fingers. He ha '.. wandered down a narrow street and wi groping at sn iron^ door. "Won -open," hel told the ghosts beside bin 'mnst try the patent key." He put tl muutie against the lock and fired ; 'flux as it brol ! ibèfor#;him, «toed swaying, staring aero J* wisp of smote into n mean room, whe .á priest knelt in' one corner by a stri; < ©allet, and a girl rose from beside hi and elowlv confronted the intruder, J she rose she caught at the edge of \- deal table and, across the smoke, she t " seemed to be swaying. >? ?* ? TV Seventeen, years later Nat Ellery walk- ed down thfe hill into Gantick village and .entered the Bing of Bells. ; . *Tve come," said he, "to inquire about a chest I left here, one tune back and along." And he told his name and the date.. .- The landlord, Joshua Martin-«on of old Joshua, -who had kept the inn in 1806 Î -rubbed his double chin. "So you be Nat ' :^JSUeiy?;'v<I can just mind 'es as a lad. As for the cheBt-come to think, father ; sent it back to Trethake Water. Beckon it went in the sale." -"WhataaleP "Why don't 'ee know? When Reub sold np. That would be about five years "after the old folks'died. The mill didn't pay after the war ; so Reub sold up and enufflrated.*' , v V&ïï>tykt4 became 'of JiimP'' ' '?[-^~-if'i^à:-ie9t--he'n^ At»At too," said ?'i\^»^^*Mla^a^ jOanafly some^ ^;Wuer£¿-Butthai may be. Hes," he added .^?-nn'eBir^ ? Nat'made ho further comment, but ^f;pji^ ?>''íá^^^^;Mnd-;-Wéttt out to «eek for"« ^.4«ibÍ«BÍfcMln^'^»«y. he eyed the thatch t^i^4è^:-fJèMoSBf. "Old Thatcher m^S^^aiwlXl^BA&aA;^' he told himself j id^Sm^'k^^fáéAhén.0 He felijcst sí^tóS^^ít^'yariner ? SpraeueV rick yardi ?^^g|àÀV.1âb^^ft>*iîriiéd the two rounds p^ó%i^!¿¿L^é^a^y»xA. end of the village and Wante^ a tenant for one of them. , Natjá|^^':i^;SÍ:^d.-.deelaTed his cal ^ß|,Ällan%.^r^« nay the old prion,. ^^ms0mmß^^ith\ti»Tmer. . , ' . ... mß^m^S^-Sv^P- wandered off to thé! Ms^^i.i^T^*''. find von can when you've j ?jHtt^^^^:^'«w answabsd. -.jf- ? Thu» ils became tenant of «he ronna-. henee «nd lived ia it te the day of tus ' death. fío one ia wy day anew when or how the story first spread that he Hau been in tho army and deserted. Pernaps he let filip the secret in his cups ; tor at first he spent his Saturday evenings at the Bing of Bells, dropping tins name when he lound that every soul there dis- liked him. Perhaps some discnaiged veteran of the Fourth tramping through Crantick in search of work had recognised him and let fall a damning hint. Axing before I can remember tue story had grown up, contradicted, believed in by every one. Beneath it the man lived on and deteriorated; but his workman- ship never deteriorated, mid no man challenged its excellence. About a month before his death {I have this from the post-mistress) he sat down and wrote a letter ; and ten days later a visitor arrived at the round- house. This visitor the Jago family (who lived across the road) declare to have been Satan himself; they have assured me so again and again, and I cannot shake their be- lief. But that is nonsense. The man was a grizzled, artisan- looking fellow well over fifty; extraordinary like the old thatcher, though darker of shin-yel- low as a guinea, said Gantick; in fact and beyond doubt, the old man's son. He made no friends, no acquaintances even, but confined himself to nursing the thatcher, now tied to his chair by rheu- matism. One thing alone gives colour to'the* Jago's belief; the thatcher who' had sent for him could not abide the sight of bim. The Jago children, who snatched a fearful joy by stealing after dark into unkempt gardens and peering through the uncurtained lattice win- dows, reported that as the »air sat at table with the black bottle between them the thatcher's eyes would be drawn to fix themselves on the other's with a stealthy, shrinking terror; or, as they put it, "vicious when he wasna' iookin' and af eared when he was." -; They would sit (so the children re- ported) half an hour, or maybe an hour, at a time without a word spoken be-' tween them; but indeed the yellow stranger troubled few with his speech. His only visits were paid to the post- mistress, who kept a small grocery store where he bought arrowroot and other spoon-food for the invalid, and the Bing of Bells where he went nightly to have the black bottle refilled with rum. On the doctor he never called. ? It was on the 12th of July that the end came. The fine weather after lasting foi six weeks had broken up two days before into light thunderstormB,\which did not clear the air as usual. Ky Jago (short for Caiaphas), across the way, prophesied a big thunderstorm to come; but allowed he might bs. mistaken, when, on the morning of the lfith, the rain came down in sheets. This torrential'rain histed until two in the afternoon, when the sky cleared and a pleasant northwesterly draught played up the valley. At six o'clock Ky Jago, who, in default of the thatcher, was making shift to coyer np Farmer Sprague's ricks, observed dense clouds massing themselves over the sea and rolling up slowly against the wind, and decided that the big storm would happen after all. At nähe in the evening ft broke. * Ht broke with such fury that the stran- ger, with the black bottle under his arm, paused on the threshold as milch BB to ask his father, "Shall I go?" But the old man was clamouring for drink, and he went. He was half-way down the bul when, with a crack, the heavens opened and" the white, jagged lightning fairly hissed by him. Crack followed crack, flash and peal together, or so quick on each other that no mortal could distinguish the rattle of one discharge from the bursting explosion of the other. No such tempest, he decided, could last for long, and he fled down to the Bing of Bells for shelter until the worst should be over. He waited there-perhaps twenty minutes, and still the infernal din grew worse instead of better, until his anxiety for the old man forced him out in the teeth of it and up the bill where the gutters had overflowed upon the roadway and the waters raced over his ankles. The first thing he saw at the top in one lurid instant was the en- tire Jago family gathered by their gar- den gate-six of them, and all bare- headed under the deluge. The next nash revealed why they were there. Against the round-house opposite a ladder rested, and above it on the steep roof clung a man-his father. He had clamped his small ladder into the thatch, and as the heaven opened a shot, now silhouetting the round-house, now wrapping it in white flames, they saw him climbing up, and, still up, toward the cross at the top. *Help, there!" shouted the stranger. "Come downl Oh help, youl-we must get him down !" The woman and child- ren screamed. A fresh explosion drown- ed shout and scream in its roar. Jago and the stranger reached the ud- der together. Thestrangermountedfirst ; but as he did so the watchers in one blinding moment saw the old thatcher's hand go up and grip the cross. ? The shutters of darkness came to with a roar, but above it rose a shrill, a terribly human cry. '©ave!" cried the voice. 'Tedi" Silence followed, ana then a heavy thud. They waited' for the next flash. It came. There was jut one on the roof of: the round-house, and but à _ broken stomp where the cross had been. V. " This Was the story the yellow stranger told to the coroner. And the coroner listened and asked : ' ''Can ^ybn account for conduct of de- ceased P Had he-excuse me-been drinjdng thateveaingp " 1 "He had," answered the wetness 'tr. and for a moment, While the coroner took a note, it seemed he had said all. Then ] he seemed to think better of it, < and. added : "My father suffered from delu-j aions, air." _ 1 . "Hey? This may be important, j 1 !What sort of déluBiona^' The coroner ] \- " ??''?''. Ul;,.i,.jvrii,- .Vit« l?.c1T*>"i^£%.lV*T^^'">t*?.'^^v^'^.r¡, \- glanced «t tte jory, who «at impassive. "Well, air, my father in his young days had served as a soldier-" Here the jurymen began to show in- terest suddenly. One or two leaned for- ward. "He belonged to the Fourth Re- giment, and was a* -the siege af Badajos. During the sack of the city he broke into a house-and-and-after that he was ! missing." "Go on." said the coroner, for the wit- ness had paused. "That was where he first met my ; mother', sir. It was her house, and she and a priest kept him hidden till the English had left. After that he married her. There were three children-all boys. My brothers came first; they were twins. I was born two years later. "AU born in Badajos?" "All in Badajos, sir. My brothers will be there still, if they're living." "But these delusions-" 'Tm coming to them. My father must have been hurt somehow-hurt in his head. He would have it that my two brothers-twins, sir, if you'll be pleased to mark it-were no sons of his, but of two friends of his, soldiers of the Fourth Regiment, who had been killed, both, that even by the San Vincente bastion. So you must see that he must have been wrong in his head." "And you?" "Oh, there couldn't be any mistake about me. I was his very image, and perhaps I ought to say, sir-he hated me for it. When my mother died-aha had been a fruit-seller-he handed the busi- ness over to my brothers, taking only enough to carry him back to England and me with him. The day after we landed in London, he apprenticed me to a brass-worker. I was just turned fif- teen, and from that day until last Wed- nesday three weeks we never set eyes on each other." "Let me see," Baid the coroner, turn- ing back a page or two, "at the bist moment just before he fell, you say and the other witnesses confirm it-that he called out twice-uttered two names, I think." "They were the names by which he used to call my brothers, sir-the names of his two mates in the storming-party." (The End.) 