Behind the Scenes at Panto mime Time. (Written for the "Town and Country Journal.") . (By "Vandorian.") (See illustrations on page 28.) In front there curves a darkened semicircle of decorous brown holland, and far below are gloomy depths, where stalls are suspected, but not seen. Some heads loom darkly in the dim light of the great auditorium-heads that might be cab bages you are politely requested to consider them when you speak your first lines. But no one is stage struck to-day, and these, perchance, are but the ghosts of cabbage heads long relegated to limbo and the market gardener-ghosts that, like aerial vegetables, 'haunt a morning rehearsal! The dress circle wears a gloomy air of self-repression, due to its attire- theatrical swaddling ?clothes ol neat brown holland. A'bove it is the chaste se clusion of Her Majesty's family circle, for our il lustrations were drawn from the actual scenes during the preparation of a pantomime at that fine Sydney theatre. Higher still-as ls but fitting the home of the gods takes a horseshoe bend under the roof of the handsome theatre. But since it is morning the gods are elsewhere, though their games are not necessarily Olympian. It is an off day. On the stage, an understudy warbles of love to a deserted orchestra, while a carpenter puts an other nail into a fairy grotto. Demon- trees and wild-eyed monsters sprawl helplessly about be hind the scenes; hut wait tiW Boxing.Night, and the limelight man puts new life into them. Wait till mystery and magnesium fill the air, and lights burn low, while enchanted dells are fitted with angry currents that run through their whole systems. In the meantime, away we gb to the "flies." This is the pantomime home of men who know the ropes, and work them; while the hero ine takes the centre of the stage and a high note, and deifies the villain, who may or may not ascend "fly"-wards in consequence. ' For when a happy home breaks up and makes a steady exit heavenwards, when scene-cloths wing their aerial flight,. and battlements totter to their lowest paper brick, the great windlass creaks for joy and hauls them safely up, up, to the dim seclusion of the "files." Then blocks and pulleys squeak and groan in the huge "gridiron" above the "flies." Along the "flies," and so to the long paintroom, where a clever artist is up to his. wrists in colors; and here, with part of the "gridiron" above his head and a moon leaning (in tempor ary eclipse) against a scene-cloth, the painter may be discovered. And if he should be at his work he is probably putting the last touches to that enchanting forest which you and I will feel almost certain is actually growing at Her Majesty's Theatre. Behind the scenes there is a mimic world, where "masks and faces" fit better than they do in front of the footlights. Dress circle, stalls, and gallery, they can each show masks that are sometimes such palpable misfits and so transparent that our nearest neighbor seems to carry his heart in his face instead of on his sleeve. But across the glowing footlights they do things much better. There, if you happen to be an angel in a golden wig, you manage (in spite of tights) to look something like one. Or, if by evil fortune, you should be a monstrous villain, you wear black hair and a suitable ex pression. Anything else you require can be, supplied by the property man-masks big enough to put half your body into; guns that look as if they only needed a few rounds of ammunition to make them go off the stage and kick themselves to pieces; and cannon that is sufflciently com plicated to require a theatrical course of gun nery to understand it. All this, and more, may be seen in the property-room proper, which is off the stage; but near the dome"is a property- room improper, the domicile of ancient relics that hide themselves in disconsolate solitude in this Hades of .departed "props." Some may struggle back to life behind the scenes, for the exigencies of the dramatic craft are startling and unexpected. Prom their heavy frames, dusty faces peer at the chance intruder-pictured cavaliers, and kings or queens in stately exile-as if in weary protest against their dull seclusion beneath the dome, as property castaways with a reputation for being a little cracked. But now the last footstep echoes down the steep stairs. The old proper ties are alone. A stage cannon gapes with its yawning mouth at the home of love and peace (a property dove-cot), and a much be-wigged gen tleman in a scarlet coat frowns heavily (with unvarnished hauteur) at the- assistant stage manager, who is leaving him to spend an ex ceedingly dull Christmas under the dome! The prompt entrance is on the left side of the stage. In a provincial theatre, at least, there ÍB never much doubt about its position on a first night, for even the best-regulated company will (individually! show an anxiety to work towards that part of the stage, all sorts of stringent re gulations to the contrary. No one admits do ing it. But there' it is-the prompt entrance! And there's the beautiful heroine looking at it -oh, so tenderly!-while the handsome hero breathes his devotion into her right ear, because the left one is slightly averted. "I love you," says he, "without you life would be a blank." And the' prompter suitably replies, in a hoarse whisper, "I return your affection! I think only of thee!" And BO he does - on behalf pf the heroine. And she, lovely lady, thinks only of him on a first night. In Her Ma jesty's Theatre, the electrician plays upon his switchboard, at the prompt side, as a clever ar tist manipulates the stops of a great organ, throwing light and shade, and a perfect harmony of coloring on the mimic world that "struts its little hour upon the stage;" In the "perches" above him are the limelight men-also pas tm as ters in light and shade. And then with Christmas pantomime we enter fairyland again. Behind the scenes it would seem to be peopled with children-ordinary children, who love bread and butter, with plenty of jam, and who are quite unfledged in the.mat ter of wings. At a morning rehearsal, stage fairies sometimes look rather .thin about the legs-due, doubtless, to constant dancing, for no fairy could demean herself by walking! Pixies, elves, fays, and goblins may often owe their figures to the property-room.. But good fairies they all are-these little ones behind the scenes, who help to buy shoes for small sisters and brothers, whose wings have not yet sprouted in any pantomime. And the star that glitters on the forehead of the proudest fairy of them all ls not so bright as the smiling eyes that brighten humble homes when little hands give up to "mother" the slender earnings of a first pan tomime. Below the stage is the place where every hob goblin ought to go, if he only stands over the right trap door. For here the mechanist lies low and waits for him, while cunning weights and counter-weights fix him (the hobgoblin) up, and lower him down, and good iairios laugh m ' . triumph on the stage above. Graves -yawn in each enchanted dell, and here is the place to Which naughty people on the stage are very fre quently sent. Does the clown kill the police man with à sausage-down he deserves to come to join the hobgoblin ; and other fallen spirits. But wherever naughty people go at Christmas time, may you and I (bëing good!) go to see the pantomime, at the theatre. And so, A Merry Christmas to those in front, and a prosperous New Year to those behind the scenes. Behind the Scenes at Pantomime Time, (See letterpress on page 30.) I,-Paint Room. 2.-The Plies. 3.~Property Room. 4.-Prompt Entrance, Showing Electric Switchboard. 5--A Youngsters' Rehearsal. 6.-Underneath the Stage, Working a 