F»DEBATIOITIST?a AT FSB MANTLE. SPEECHES BY MB. HACKETT AND DR. ELLIS. Despite the unpromising nature of the weather,, a large audience assembled in the Old Englysne Fayre grounds, at Fre- mantle, on Vvednesday, Co near adaresses on the subject of Federation by Mr. J. W. Hackett, M.L.C., Dr. Ellis (of the gold- fields), and others. There were fully 500 people present. The chair was occupied by Mr. Henry Briggs, M.L.C. Amongst those on the platform were Messrs. W. E. Moxon, T. C. Cartwright (general secretary of the Engine- drivers, Fire- men, and Cleaners' Association), Far- rington (president of the Fremantle branch of the Australian Natives' Asso- ciation), Waugh (secretary of the local branch of the A.N.A.), H. B. Lousada, W. Mortess (hon. secretary of the local branch of the Federal League), .W. Fin- lay, and Dr. Davey. The chairman an- nounced that the meeting was being held under the auspices of the A.N.A. and the Federal League Mr. Hackett said it gave him very real and sincere pleasure to be present that evening, and he had to thank the Fre- mantle branch of the Australian Natives' Association for giving him the first op- portunity of addressing a Fremantle audience. He must say in the first place that in discussing the question of Fede- ration, a regrettable element of per- sonality had been introduced. In a sec- tion of the Press and elsewhere, certain of them, himself among the number, had . been attacked for the attitude they had seen fit to assume on the matter which was occupying all their minds. He de- precated the -dragging in of those per- sonalities for many reasons, the chief of which was that: hy such a course the true issue was apt to be obscured, and, therefore, wrong ? was -done to the cause at heart and to , the people who were honestly striving to under- stand it. Speaking for himself, he trusted that they would give him credit when he said that the object he ever kept before his eyes was that of doing the best for the country in which he lived. (Applause.) -In considering the question of Federation, not only should they look at it from the standpoint of the present, from their own petty point of view, but it was right ana just that they should think of the generations which had to come after them. . Union Imperative. Having had¿ as they knew, an intimate connection with and knowledge oí "the great question for years past, he stood before them that night to utter his ear- nest' conviction that for 'the welfare of the colony, and for the welfare of those who, would live in the colony when they were gone; union with the other parts of Australia mu6t be brought about. It should come about without delay.' It was contended that if Western Australia stood out and waited, she would be able to get better'terms from the other colo- nies. He was absolutely certain that the terms now offered were the best that the people of Western Australia would ever get: They had got as gdbd terms as the others, and in some respects the .terms offered them were better than those offered to the other colonies. After referring to the concession of the sliding scale. Mr. Hackett said that if a man asked for £10 a week, and was told that he would only be given £8, would it be, sensible on his part to say that he would reject the £8, and take nothing? Would he not rather take the £8, and decide to do the best with it P A Voice : Is that why you changed P Mr. Hackett : Yes. It was, he con- tinued, only a coward, a madman, or a fool who would say that he would not take what he could get. If he came across the interjector, he would endea- vour to get put of him- all he could. (Laughter.) There was this aspect of the question, that if Western Australia did not decide-forsFederation now, she would be face to face with » An Embittered and Hostile Australia, an'Australia which would remember, when we were forced- to ask for. admis- sion, that it had been insulted and de- fied. Then how could it be hoped that, if we waited, we would get better terms than were now held out? Never before in the history of a campaign had there had been a list of inaccuracies put before a people as in the, present contro- versy. It. reminded him " of shooting with a double-barrelled gun-shoot to the right and shoot to the left, keep on shooting, long enough, and something would be hit. (Laughter.) Dire warn- ings had been uttered about the greed of the Eastern colonies. It had been de- clared that they simply wanted to take Western Australia in as a partner in order to be able to swallow her Yet it was acknowledged that we must go in sooner or later. He had studied the literature and utterances' of the party opposed to Federation, and he must con- fess that he had got completely mysti- fied by the contradictory statements. What one man said another gainsaid, and often in succeeding days he found absolute contradictions in consecutive j issues of the same journal. Anti-Federal Inconsistencies. After much study, he had discovered that the following were to be taken as samples of the arguments intended tb secure votes opposed to Federation : - That the hostility and greed of the East are so great that we dare not trust them as partners: On the other hand, if we ask for better terms at any time we please we shall be sure to get them. \ That we shall lose SQ much in inter- colonial, taxation that our revenue will he seriously reduced : On the other hand» wo shall be much more heavily taxed .under Federation, which would imply "a greater revenue. That in the; Federal Parliament Western Australia will be swamped by Eastern votes u On the other band, she should not. be per- mitted an equality of voting power in tile Senate, as that .would be undemo eratic. ;That tibe Gonimonwealth Bill is to blame because'it does not give us enough power in the Federal Legisla- ture : It is also to blame because it- gives us more than our fair share of represen- tation in the House of Representatives, and more than one vote in the Senate, which is our proper proportion accord- ing to population. That wages are cer- tain to be lowered because the cost of living will be reduced: On the other hand, that the cost of living for everyone will be raised. That the food duties are necessary to the existence of our farmers and graziers : That if we do not federate the farming representatives of the As- sembly guarantee that all food duties will be renealed excepting those on wheat and chaff. That if we federate' we shall lose £300,Oou a year bv the loss of the intercolonial duties : That if we do not federate those duties are to be sur- rendered, still apparently the revenue is not to be deprived of this £300,000. That the Trans-Australian railway is so essential that we should not federate until we get it : That the Trans-Austra- lian railway is of so little importance to ' us that it is not worth federating for ; and, finally, that in any case we shall never have it. That to prevent the main trunk-line going to Port Darwin,-we should insist before federating on its going to Fremantle : That the East is, in any case, determined to make Port Dar- win the mail port. That if we federate we'shall be so.utterly impoverished, that we shall have no money for new works : But", again, if We federate the Esperance Cooigardie railway is a certainty, al- though it would cost a million of money. That if we stand out of Federation the goldfields are to be guaranteed the re- peal of the meat tax : That the repeal of the meat tax will make no difference whatever in the price of meat. ---That if you desire to unite Australia in the spirit of high aspirations and enthusiasm you are unpractical : li you seek to show its advantages on practical gronnds you are guilty of a sordid seeking after self interest. The Separation Question. He now came to another question, and that was the absolute certainty-pro- bably his friend, Dr. Eilis, would speak more fully about this matter-that if Federation were not carried next Tues- day-(a Voice: "It will")-they should see the goldfields separated from the rest of the colony within the period of 18 months. (Voices: "Yes," and dissent.) Someone said "No." He would give his reasons why he said "Yes," always as- suming that the goldfields voted "Yes" on th*e Referendum,and he supposed that there were few men in that assemblage with their full mind and reason who would imagine that the yoidiit'Jrs wo<:ld : 'do anything else. (4 Voie?. ' That is the reason you changed your views.") It was a very good reason, too, if it was to unite the. whole of Australia- <ao plause)-for be was for an United Aus- tralia, but not the less for an United Western Australia also, and in'his own interests. (Applause.) Why did he-say that was so ? He would not speak of the energy and vitality of the goldfields peo- ple, but he would say that if the gold- fields decided to join the rest of Austra- lia, and they on the coast decided against it, and overbore the goldfields vote, they would see a-struggle at once set on foot to secure separation-this time not for the purpose of separating from Western Aus- tralia, but for the purpose of joining themselves to their brethren in_ the Eastern colonies, and make Australia as much as possible one whole. (Applause.) Everyone who had read the communi- cation sent by Afr. Chamberlain lately to various persons (he would not mention their names) in this colony and elsewhre, know that lie had reserved this question of separation as one of the first points if necessary to be put before the Common- wealth Government ; and they knew this also, that if the matter came before the Federal Parliament they would, without one dissentient in either the House of Representatives or the Senate, suppli- cate the Imperial Government to pass an Act which would give the goldfields the privilege of separating from this colony, and uniting with the rest of Australia. (Applause.) They knew that was the pe- tition that would go home, and the Im- perial Government and Parliament would be equally unanimous in allowing the people to do what they desired. (Hear, hear.) Therefore, they should look to what was going to happen in the East under the Commonwealth or in England. They mi<*ht be absolutely certain that, should the vote of the coast overbear the goldfields, the goldfields would demand (and, what was more, obtain) their wish. (Applause and a voice: "Quite right.") That being so, it seemed that, beyond the shadow of a doubt they would 6ee the customs bouse not at Fremantle, but at Southern Cross, hurling back all the produce that came in through Freman- tle, and was sent up by rail to the gold- fields. (Dissent.) They would find a customs house at Southern Cross, or as near as was required, imposing duties specially designed, to give every advan- tage to the Eastefh States, and to place this colony at as great a disadvantage as possible. . _ New Taxes. Their revenue would have fallen to such small proportions that they would have tb search about for all kinds» of ar- ticles to tax, and the very first that would come under the notice of the Trea- surer were tea and sugar, which were now admitted free. (Applause.) . The Trans-Australian Railway. No towns had so.much to hope from Federated Australia as the two towns ,of Perth and Fremantle. One of the very first, things which would be under- taken, in his Opinion, by the Federal Parliament, would be the construction of that great line linking the East and the West,.having one exit and entrance on the Pacific Ocean, and another exit and entrance on the Indian Ocean. (Hear, hear.) Fremantle would become, as it were, the mouth of Australia. It would take in all the products and com- modities of all the world, and pass them as it were, through aa artery, to the heart ef the continent. (Applause.) There was another consideration. The theatre of European interest had within the last few months been transferred to the shores of China. Through that war, they took on themselves obligations which would necessitate an immense naval force being preserved for genera- tions ahead, to watch the Indian Ocean and the China Sea ; and that naval force would find its true base in that spot where the railway lines of Australia converged, and that was in the port of Fremantle. (Applause.) He solemnly believed that without Federation they had no earthly chance of having that railway constructed. (Hear, hear.) They would lose the support of South Austra- lia, who, it was said, wanted to fede- rate in order to secure the markets of Western Australia. Perhaps so ; cer- tainly she wanted to get her share, but if they shut her out of their markets, was that likely to encourage her to grant permission to construct the line? No- thing of the kind: she was only mortal iiko themselves. They had, further, to se- cure the goodwill of New South Wales, for New South Wales had also a large section of that line to be constructed,, which would bring millions of passen- gers and goods from Sydney right on through to the port of Fremantle. New South Wales had also to be conciliated and propitiated, and if they refused to do that, they would find that the colonies- which held the des- tiny of that line, in their hands had become their bitter and their histing foes. If they only enrolled themselves as members of the Australian Common- wealth it would be to find New South Wales eager to co-operate in the con- struction of that line.- .The mails from Sydney to London would save four days on the' outward journey and four days on tho inward journey as soon as that railway was completed, and that was far too heavy a bribe for the-merchants of Sydney to resist^ They were told that« it was noiise their federating or seeking to federate, because whatever happened that railway was sure to go to Port Dar- win, as the influence of South Australia, Queensland, and New South Wales would drive it in that -direction, and they were promised a Singapore or a Bombay, with this difference, that no coloured labour was to land there. There were »two grounds why, if they, treated the other colonies fairly, the port of de- parture must be Fremantle or some port of the southern coast rather, than Port Darwin. The first was the comfort and convenience of the journey, because in the case if they went to Port Dar yin they had to run into the tropics by the shortest route and remain there as long as they could, and in regard to Freman- tle it was exactly the opposite. The other reason was far more powerful and stringent. These, mail steamers could only maintain that exceptional rate of speed, and give them a magnificent ser- vice by obtaining a large passenger lift and a hold full of goods. That meant that only those steamers whica had -to supply the large centres nf réputation could compete on even torin? for that trade. The steamers whijh carried their passengers and freights to Western Aus- tralia, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Syd- ney would haye the advantage that, un- less Western Australia turned thc scale by their own perverse action, nothing could overbear tho advantages in fa- vour of making Fremantle in pla-!e of Port Darwin the chief mail port of Aus- tralia. (Applause.) No argument vms more common in favour of leaving things as they were (and it was not a very bad rule if they looked at all sides and saw that the better chances were in fsvtur of staying as they wer"»> «Imn thi?¿ 'We have the. devil we know. Vya't en c us the devil we know _ nothing about." (Laughter.) The anti-Federal pan;, had no devil of any kind «r dose .".y» ion vbich would bear coming out, and which they could confidently expect o lld rife to confront them as soon as Federation was accomplished, but on the other hand there was a vast number of devils which every reasonable being knew would have to'face the light if unhappily the refer- endum turned out unfavourably on Tuesday next. The Devils We Know. He mentioned a few of those de- vils as follows : -Continued unrest and unsettlement ; an embitter- ed and exasperated Australia ; a fight,- renewed within twelve months, and continued year by year un- til it succeedsi; the West ever intriguing against the East, the East intriguing against the West ; separation of the area containing oui* most important and pro- ductive industry, and our best market ; prohibitive duties on the part of the foldfields and Australia agaiust all pro ucts of this colony ; agriculture severely hit; a consequent fall in land values; an immensely diminished revenue; to compensate this, an increase in custom duties : Esperance made the gate of the goldfields ; a permanent and almost ex- clusive trade witfi the East in agricul- tural products and in Newcastle coal established thereby ; no transcontinental railway ; our local power of defence seriously crippled ; an alienated and em- barrassed Imperial Government ; sacri- fice of Imperial interest ; no part in any scheme of Imperial defences ; fewer hands required in the public service, and less money to pay them with; a conse- quent reduction of salaries, or dismissal of officers - loss -of all advantages as an original State, including full representa- tion in both Houses of Parliament, guar-~ anteed by the Imperial Parliament, the five years' sliding scale, a voice in the first tariff and in theHrst Ministry. Then last of all they would have the loss of All the Advantages of' an Original State. They would lose that for ever. Their equal and permanent voice in the Senate, their large representation and perman- ent representation in the House of Rep- resentatives, their sliding scale, their chance of a voice in the nrst Ministry, their chance of helping to form the first tariff and of joining, in legislation which would probably mould the course of all legislation for the future-all those ad vantages would be swept away for -ereOS and they would be left regretfully fuäim^M those other devils that had been raised, and feeling was no ghost, but «lèu^ creature as live as some ot his friends L: i in the audience who were interrupting^J (Laughter.) . It was ~" ?-. The People's Eight, " _,1 and was in thejr hands. It was for them"* " to decide what would be the fat« of 1 Western Australia for, perhaps, a gene» i ration to come. (Loud cries of "It will be 'Yes.' ") They would be asked to per- form the greatest act. involving the greatest privilege which could be con- ferred upon a citizen on Tuesday next-< an act not merely of electing a represen tative in Parliament, or filling-an Im Serial or municipal 6eat, but they were ' eing asked to play the part-no doubt most of them for the first time in thvir, lives-of legislators. They were to males that great law or forbid it being made for Western Australia as a whole. That. 1 was their work. For his own part he had no doubt how the great mass uni majority would vote on the last day of c - July. They should always remember*, that it rested primarily in the hands op the centres of population, such as tho . : goldfields, Perth, and Fremantle, as to ; whether Federation would be accoin- _' plished for the colony, (A Voice ; "Andi 1 : Bunbury."1 Bunbury would vote in fa- : vour of Federation. (Vociferous cneers.i. 1 ', It was a small place, but it would do ito ( best. It rested, however, with the gold- ' fields, Perth, and Fremantle, to say if \ the sun of next Tuesday should or should not shine upon a united Australian na* . tion, (Prolonged-cheering.) ;* Mr. Walter Ttfortess, secretary of the( r Fremantle branch of the Federal League,. V and a member of the Australian Native Association, said that nobody had dona . more in Australia for the cause of Aus- tralian Federation than the Australian -Natives' Association. Originally, it waa . 29 years ago, the Association was formed' for the purpose of forming a patriotic . ¿ sentiment in Australia, and the Federa- tion of all the colonies was its goal«: > That was almost accomplished. It waa ~f% only the small end of the wedge- The/o ff was a second object, and that was cow make a white Australia. (Cheers.) FÓR/-^ that end the Australian Natives wottl«! Y work on until Australia was in truth. ; , solely for the Australians. (Applause.^. Dr. Ellis, of Coolgardie, who Was-'ac*'re- corded a great reception, dealt at somer length with the democratic character of}i'4 the Commonwealth Bill, and their re- . ferred to the fact that a great deal had! :': been said about the sum of £2,000 which' had been sent out from London to assist . ; in fighting the Federal cause. It had. been said that the money was sent outr :/ so that they might reduce wages on thtf goldfields. Mr. Vosper, at the PertW Town Hall said that he could prove fr.; £ That morning he had sent word to Mr^ Vosper that he was willing to take up; bis challenge. (Cheers.) He had see« Z: the cablegram that was sent and every] ¿¡ letter before it was sent to England, and) ' ; he could tell them that there was no À question of a reduction of wages men tioned. (Hear, heart and applause.) ile could tell them likewise that if there had % been auy question of -a reduction of ; < wages in it, he would have sooner cut; . off his right hand than take that £2,000.; *> (Applaus?.) The reason was that stay- ing out of Federation would lower thai . value of property, in which many people r were interested. If that was not á"good¡ " reason he.did not know what was. There*- 'Í was a great reason why England should; C assist in forming a United Empire, _whicK%s ?both capitalists and labourers were try«.';'% ing their utmost to maintain. They.^l could,-therefore, remove from theu&£jjp minds the idea that the £2,000 was sub-* ö scribed to injure labour. It was sub*.;à scribed as he had subscribed his Uttlel, '^ mite, for a United Australia and th* good of the British Empire. (Cheers.) ^--^ At the conclusion cheers were givén'íofl; the speakers and the chairman, and the 4g meeting closed with three deafening cheers for Federation. . 