PURPLE PASSAGES. South A frira has been thc grave of many royit&tious;, lint it lina brought to the front 4 band of brilliant journalists who, but for the war, might have lingered in obscurity till their natural. end. Among the ninny : who have made a name for themselves with tic pen is thc Australian, Mr. A. G., other- wise, "Smiler," Hales, who is now doing excellent descriptive work for thc " Daily Nows." Hales is an impressionist, gifted with a large fund of ibinnnur, and be. mixes thc two tilings into an admirable salad. Some- times lie is very " high falutin'. " but al- ways picturesque and effective. Herc is a sample nf Iii-' eloquence describing a night al luck iii Spriiigfoiiluiii: -- " In thc tdaclcncss, where un eye hut the eye (if Cod could leach, wc cudi luiiu SUMMI fnee lo Ince with his own -out. timi few wcic Uhere who iliil not wish .-onie pages of his purl had nevil boon written in the hook of lifo, lt wiis u sonnen in silciuv, y et so eloquent UluiL every soul «a.- stirred. Some of us t.hcugh-^of bunin, of wife and child: others let their fancy rove lo her whose girlish lips had clung to theirs when the dear home ties were hinken hy the rude hand of war. Ot ncr* in Hint glim period thought, fondly of ii large ¡Hid he.ilthy rook to ludo liehind. and ho whoso hand traces these lines mvn- readily that he was one of them., l'or it hud dawned upon him in that evil hour that nil tho fume ¡i'll<I glory in tille world would mri he big enough to plug a tiny hole a. .Mauser bullet makes. Then cuino thc shells, shrieking nod wailing tin i.ugh thc hoi libio clouds of night, like devils driven for ever in hopeless horror fluni thc gates cf the eternal city. We knew not whence tilley caine nor whither they Mere going. Wc oidy knew, and cami to know, that they were made e.f iron, whilst we were made of something not lunch harder than mud: and a vince within us told Unit if there were n colli- sion, it would not damage thc shells." lu anot'iior pn--oge Mr. Hales says of thc projietile-.:-'. They swilled to weep as they sped towards us, like women who <li-.i<i been widowed Ihiough the deeds nf evil men. They lifted up their voices in the night, and screamed us 1 have 'hoard a horse scream iii the quicksands. They laughed ns a drunkard laughs when delirium luis possession ol' his brain: (hey howled as wolves howl through the siiowe.rvero.l forests of ( umida: and ive tried to scoop holes in tho earth to put our hoads in." This seri cf thing reminds i nc cf the " Morning Host" man s purple passage anent Hie minde of bullets, and thc "Globe's" retell. The ")V*1" correspon- dent,, iii describing Hie «ninds made by various missiles, refined to tile peculiar noise made by a lioucheltiug Mauser bullet as being " like the coughing of a sick ghost." The " (ilnbc" said its experts avowed.il was much mere ukin to the graining nf a gouty worm. 