Tit-Bits. Teabs are a certain beauty destroyer, and bring wringles to the face sooner than anything else. Women who weep on all and every occasion loose their good looks very early. A smiling face and a cheerful temper are the best preservatives of beauty in the world. One of the newest, as well as the most successful, cures for obesity, is that in limiting the patient to one article of diet. It seems not to matter much what that might be, for the virtue of the method is that as one 1 soon tires of any single article of food, by limiting the patient to it, one may be quite sure that the appetite will soon decline, and that only enough food will be taken to ward off the | pangs of starvation. That the surplus | material is drawn upon to sustain life, and the weight of the patient rapidly diminishes. In sea-bathing always use your own bathing dress and towels, as infection Land ^skin diseases may be caught by [using those which are provided Tor "the i public. An oilskin cap should be worn over the head, and the hair frequently washed in fresh water. The face, also, should be washed in rainwater after bathing, and at night a little coal cream may be rubbed in, or elder flower water or cucumber juice dabbed on constantly during the day. If you feel chilly, or the lips turn blue, the lingers numb, or headache or langour follows, it is a sign that bathing does no agree with you, and should be dis continued. The latest fashionable craze for white, both in season and out of sea son, is not at its happiest when applied to bridesmaid's frocks. The bride and her maidens (says a writer of fashions) now look like a flock of silent ghosts, or a flock of pigeons as they walk up the aisle of some dim old parish church, and for one moment, one is perfectly bewildered with them, t taking them for brides all going to | undergo the ordeal of marriage at the same moment. It is most fashionably correct, no doubt, of the bride to have her maidens so attired, but very ill advised, as she and her satin train and lace would look far more noticeable and charming were they in some colour that, by contrast, made her utter whiteness the more delightful. The Kaiser's children are, noted for their courteous manners and, are most considerate for everyone who comes in 1 contact with them. The little Princess Victoria of Germany is said to have a ' decided will of her own, and will some times take a fancy to stand up in the Royal carriage when she is out driving in Berlin with one of her ladies-in waiting. The decorous lady-in-waiting will implore ber to sit down, but the little Princess will get Up again, like a jack-in-the-box, if the fancy takes her to do so. She is a very warm-hearted little child, however, and can easily be ruled through her affections. It is no wonder if she is a little spoilt—the long-desired little girl, and the only one in a family of seven. Lady doctors are fast making their presence felt in the medical profession, and, judging from the pass list for Bachelor of Surgery, just issued by the University of London, they are coming forward in ever-increasing numbers. Out of six candidates who have passed in the first division, three are ladies, all, it may be added, from the Royal Free Hospital. There were a score of passes in the second division, nine being successful lady candidates from the Royal Free Hospital, and the London School of Medicine. 