NEWS AND NOTES. United action in Port Adelaide to secure a uniform Saturday half-holiday. " Shop before 1 o'clock on Saturdays " urges the Early Closing Association. Mr. T. G. Roberts, a prominent unionist of Broken Hill, on a visit to Adelaide. Tailoresses' strike in Fremantle. South Australians in the trade asked not to be decoyed over. Every worker who wants to feel safe under Federation should vote for the Labor candidates. W. O. Archibald, M.P. said that the principle of early-closing had been sup ported for 20 years. Ex-Premier Kingston said that it was a 44packed" meeting—in the sense that it was full to the doors ! The A.M.A. Band, of Broken Hill, consisting of twenty performers (all unionists) to visit Adelaide shortly. "No matter what is thought to the contrary," said Ivor MacGillivray, M.P., " the Saturday half-holiday is coming." ^ Hon. R. S. Guthrie summed it up when he said that the majority favored Saturday closing, and the majority must rule. Captain Bannatyne, of the steamer Pindari has again emphasised his previous arguments in favor of a graving dock at Port Adelaide. Suggested that the big Labor demon stration should take the form of a conti nental, to eventuate on the third Saturday evening in February. The business people of Mount Gambier have arranged amongst themselves to give all the employes three days' holiday at Xmas, and two at the new year. The Brisbane Worker of December 22 reproduces a group photograph of the Ayrshire Downs Labor prisoners, who were released a week or two ago. Marshall Hall, in the unanimous opinion of leading musicians, is the best man obtainable for the post, but the Uni versity Council object to his poetry. A hint to employers. Two members of the Hotel and Restaurant Employes' Union secured a verdict for a week's wages in lieu of thecustomaiy notice.—Kalgoor- lie Worker. One of the Ayrshire Downs Labor prisoners gives a fearful account of the Stewart's Creek Gaol, where he was incarcerated. He describes it as "a hell of a place." Orange Free State members of Parlia ment (Volksraad) are constitutionally sup posed to make known and properly ex plain to their constituents every piece of legislation that is carried. In England they have a union of shop assistants, warehousemen, and clerks, and it has recently been protesting against the Conservative party for neglecting to legis late on their behalf. In Berlin, landlords have been accus tomed to keep a black-list of undesirable tenants. The latter have retaliated by forming an association and keeping a black-list of unpleasant landlords. Labor now supplies two Chairmen, of Committees to State Parliaments—W. D. Beazley in Victoria and J. H. Cann in New South Wales. Angus Cameron, a pioneer Labor man, also held the office. On the council of the Anti-Sweating League sit thirteen University graduates. Which fact marks the wide support the silent revolution in our industrial system is receiving from the brain workers of the community. Obit.—Thomas Smith, resident of Vic toria since 1849, first president of the Masons' Society, mover in the eight hours question, and treasurer of the association up to the time of death. Another Labor pioneer gone. Governor-General Hopetoun has no fixed term of service, but- as five years is the term of State Governors the custom may be extended. He is to be paid as salary from the funds of the Common wealth £10,000 per annum. A private circular issued to the licensed victuallers and beer-sellers of Battersea contains the following choice paragraph: —" Do not vote for John Burns. He is your greatesc enemy. He always votes against you, lock, stock, and barrel. Now is your time to vote against him." . James Martin, one of the Ayrshire Downs Labor prisoners (now released) is going to Paraguay.1 Davey Bowes (the only married man amongst them) is going back to ïtockha mpton, where his wife and child live. Loyola also remains in Queens land, and Cowling thinks of prospecting in New Guinea. We have received from Mr. F. E. Meleng, the editor, the Xmas number of the South Australian Institutes' Journal. It is a very handsomely got-up little publication, with bright leading matter, excellent letterpress, and well-produced illustrations. There are crisp editorial notes, short stories, and much information relative to literature. Millicent Times opposes the construc tion of a railway from Mount Gambier to Portland on the ground that the South East would then be neglected between two States, one having political and the other commercial control. The absence of commercial control in South Australia would, it is argued, weaken the political interest. Freddy Holder seems to have adopted the notion that he is a safe seat for the Federal Parliament with the probability of a Ministerial billet also, and he seems to care very little what the people of South Australia think. The greatest event in our history, incomparably greater than any relief of Mafeking, is the birth of the Commonwealth. And the event will glide by like a ghost here amid a hushed silence of subdued mourners. Premier Philp has pushed four of his syndicate railway Bills through the Queensland Parliament, but the demo cratic party fought so hard against it that it is felt outside that the victory has only been gained by over-riding the popular will. It is anticipated that if a democratic Government gets into power shortly the proposed railways will be so hedged round with conditions that capitalists won't take them up. A large number of miners and others intend returning home from Broken Hill before the holidays to spend the Christmas with their families and friends, but the West Australian contingent of home comers is not nearly so large as last year. A large number of visitors are, however, expected from Adelaide and other places, which will help swell the crowd that usually promenades George Street on Xmas Eve.—People's Weekly. The first Australian legislation relating to Labor was the fixing of a minimum wage, higher than which might not be paid ; it was passed in the early days of New South Wales, and was intended to ensure the "squires " a supply of cheap agricultural labor. About the same time a land law was passed with the avowed purpose of preventing the poor immi grants from becoming independent, and forcing them into the labor market.— Tocsin This is what Professor Walter A. Wyckoff, of Princetown University, has to say about " strikes " :—" It is strange that we do not see the absolute necessity of the centralisation of Labor. It is necessary on account of the organisation of capital. The organisation of capital is not an experiment any longer. In the matter of Labor organisations this country is 50 years behind England. Never in the history of the world was there a system of labor so grindiQg as in England at the close of the eighteenth century. Gradually there came about a reversal of things, though economists, prominent among whom was John Stuart Mill, told the working men that there was no use in or ganising. But the working men of Eng land did organise, and to-day they are better fed, receive higher wages, and work half as many hours per day as they .did at the close of the eighteenth century. The higher the degree of Labor organisa tion the more quickly will the problem of the conflict between capital and Labor be solved." Buy "The Herald, Id. 