THE GODDESS: A DEMON. BY RICHARD MARSH. CHAPTER XXI.— (Continue!!,) I glnnccd round, startled. I-Ior outspoken men tion of my name took mo aback. No doubt all tho world was talking of John Ferguson; looking for him; wondorlng where ho was. I did not" want that crowd to learn that ho was In lis midst. My appearance of discomllturo she seemed to flnd amusing. "Might I ask you just ono question?" "You are too hard on mo; you may ask a thou sand." "Did you proposo to take mc all tho way to Osteud without giving me anything to eat? Per haps you're not aware that four o'clock Is tho uctor's dinner hour. I've not hud a morsel of food all day." "Miss Moore!" Mine wus tho blunder then; I could have bitten my tonguo off for uttering tho name. A man be hind turned towards us as it ho had been struck by It — or I thought so. Had he known It, he was never so near having Ills head twisted olf Ills shoulders, llad ho allowed a sign of recognition to havo escaped lilm, thero would have been mur der done. Dut ho was a mild-looking, grey- haired person, and tho sight of tho expression with which I regarded him seemed to All him with euck astonishment, to say nothing else, that he retreated precipitately backwards, as If fearful that I was about to devour him then and there. I stumbled oil. "In entrot your forgiveness, but I— I hadn't tho faintest notion you wore hungry." "No — you wouldn't have." "Meaning that I am tho sort of person who never do know anything? You aro right; I am. But where shall wo go? I bclicvo there's some sort of place in tho stutlon whoro wo can get somothing to cat." "Tho nearest, please." "But — I'm afraid that's horrid." "Don't you know any place which Isn't hor rid?" Scarcely over before lind my constitutional stu pidity been so much to the front. Tho missing of tho train, the discovery that I bud actually pro posed to take my companion to Ostond food lens, and 'In a state approaching to starvation, tho tact that tho paper boys were repeating, under my vnry nose, their parrot cry, "Extraordinary sceno at an Inquest!"— these (kings, joined to tho confusion urouml, seemed lo addle my liraln. For tbo momont I could not think wliero I could take her to get something decent to eat. Still doubt ful, I was making for the station restaurant', whon someone caught mo by the arm. H wus Mr. Isaac Bernstein, lie seemed to bo half-besldo himself with excitement ; lie grasped mo with a vigor which was perhaps unconscious. "Have tho goodness, Mr. Bernstein, to releaso my arm." lie burst Into' voluble speech. "This Is more than I can stand, and I'm not going to have It. Don't touch 1110, or I'll call for help. '1'lioro aro policemen close by and I'm not without prelection! Even a worm will turn, and now I'm going to, so just you llston to what, l'vo got lo say." "Your affairs. Mr. Bernstein, havo no interest lor me. Did you hear mo ask you to release my arm?" "It's as much your affair as it is mine— every bit as much." He waved his umbrella. "There's Lawrence there." "Who?" "Lawrence! He's been trying to do a bolt—to Dstend, or some infernal place or other, the other side of the world, for all I know — meaning to dish mo as he's done llio rest of you. But I was oil to him. Ho'd have been off in spito of mo only lie was drunk, or mad. or something, and they wouldn't have liirn in the train. Now he's behav ing like a howling lunatic." Releasing my arm, Mr. Bernstein took off his hat lo wipo his brow. "I believe lie's raving mail. That's him! Did you ever hear anything lllto tho row he's mak ing?" As a mailer of fact, while llio excited gentle man was speaking, 1 hurl become conscious that something Interesting was taking plaeo 011 the platform from which the boat train bad departed, llio thing was becoming more obvious every 'second. Apparently the railway officials were tak ing more or less vigorous measures lo lnduco somebody to quit the station precincts. Tills per son, who was the centre of a curious and rapidly liHTensliiff crowd, wan announcing his opinlonr; on ulvcrn subjects, and on thu nubjoct of railway nion In particular, at the lop of his voice and in strident tones with which I seemed familiar. A sudden premonition swept upon 1110 that mat ters were rushing- to a bead; that a few hours, a Tow minutes, even, would see tho wholo mystery niuilo clear. Though oven then I had not nil Inkling of tho form which tho explanation would take. As my eyes wandered I saw, peeping at us from out of tho crowd, my companion's precious relative, Mr. Thomas Moore. For some reason tho young gentleman looked 11s If ho wero half liesldo himself with fear; lie was pasty white. When lie perceived that I had recognised lilm he slunk out of sight like a frightened eur. I glanced at the lady lo learn If slio also had observed her brother. From lior bearing 1 Judged not. though ns I eyed lier I understood that slio also had seen the signs of tho times, the shadows which coming events were casting before and that she, too, realised that the hour, tho moment was big with her fate and mine, ' CHAPTER XXII, —A MIRACLE. The hustling throng camo quickly forward. In Its midst someone wus lining propelled towurdB llio entrance. Although ho was shouting nt tho top of bin voice, ho appeared to bo offering 110 actual resistance, but seemed rather to bo regard ing, the proceedings as a joke. Inn splto of the hubbub, Mr. Bernstein's accents renchod my ear "Dill you ever hear anything Uko lilm? Isn't ho a beauty? And that's the man who's had I don't know how much cash out of me; a hatful' And that's how ho goes on!" I was indifferent to Mr. Bernstein's Ifimon- tutloiiH. As the crowd 'cumo nearer, I was be ginning to ask myself If I was dreaming; If again, I wus about to become tho vlclltu of u nightmare imagining. I turned to Miss Moore. "Hadn't you— better go? Hadn't I better— get you out of this?" I was conscious that my voice wus 11 llttlo bourse, llcrs was clear siul resonant. Although she did not speak loudly. It seamed to ring abovn tho din. "Go? Now? When It's coming faco to face, the light Is breaking, I'm beginning to see clear and It's my cnll? No, now I'll stay and play the Kcouo right through until the curtain drops. It was God who made us inlSB that train." Tho crowd was drawing very, closo. Was I asleep or waking? Wero my eyes playing tricks my senses leaving me? What suddenly mado tho world seem to spin round nml round? Who was It ill the midst of llio people— tho man they woro bustling — who raved and screamed? Was ho a creature born of doliidum, or a thing of llesh and blood? It was from tho girl at my sldo that recognition first came, "It's he!" she cried. "It's i10!" It was lie — the wretch who bad set us all by tho cars; who hiul fooled and duped us; who had played upon 11s, ns a last stroke, a trick whoso nature, even yet, I -did not understand. I strodo into tho crowd. "Let me pass. Muko way for me!" Tlicy made way. It was woll for llicm they did; the strength of a dozen Samsons was that moment in my anus. I planted myself la front of him. "How Is It that you'vo como back— from tho gates of hell?" "Ferguson! It's you!" He tiroko Into a peal of lauglitor, which spoke of pain, not pleasure. "But l'vo not come back! They're still stoking tho fires!" He threw out his arms, ns If refer ring lo tho jeering mob, which pressed upon list "Here ai 0 the attendant demons — can't you sco them?" I continued standing still, regarding him. "It Is Edwin Lawrence, as X live. Edwin— not Philip." "Yes, not Philip — Edwin!" He Inughed again. "Would you llko to boo th,o strawberry mark? It's thero." "What Is this game in which you have been taking a hand?" "It's a gamo of my own Invention— and hors!" Ho mado an upward movement with bis hand. "It was from bor tho Inspiration came. Sho named th.o stakes, framed tho rules, started tho gamo, watched the ploy — and with both eyes she's wntohed It over since. Those eyes of hers! They uovor sleep, and never blink or wink, but watch, watch, watch, all the ttnio. They've watched mo over since tho gamo began. They're watching now! Sho haunts, and hounds me — Into the train, and out of it. She's hero now— enjoying tho joke. Hark! Can't you h,ear her?" Ho stopped to llston. I heard nothing out of the common, though it seemed i10 did. "That's her laughter!" He broko Into discordant merriment. "I play the part of Echo. She has mo. body, soul, and spirit; and she thinks it such a Jest!" He spoke as moil do In fevers, I could seo that Micro wero some about us who set him down as mad. Thero wero those who jeered, as fools will at the sight of a man's anguish, when, In the abandonment of his shame, he trails his soul la j tho dust. I had soon persons In Ills ense before. 1 Ho was not mad, as yet, but on the border line, j where men light with demons. Ho had been , drinking, to drive them back; but they had come ; tho 11101-0, threatening, on every hand, to shut | him In for ever. He know what It was hc? ; threatened. It was the anguish of tho know ledge which caused the sweat to stand in beads upon his brow. Tbo railway officials, I fancy, took It to bo » case of incipient delirium tremens. A paison la authority addressed himself to mo. ( "Are you a frleud of this gentleman s, sir. "I know lilm woll." , . "Aro you willing to undertake he chaige 0 him? You seo lio's not In a fit state to go about alone." , "I'll take charge of him. "Then you'll bo so good as to remove him from tho station at once. He's already given us mora than sufficient trouble." ... Lnwrcnco Interposed, with what he Intended to bo an assumption of tbo grand manner. "My'good Mr. Railway-porter, or whatever yon may be. I will remove myself from your obk-- ttonablo station without any hint from you. W destination was Ostond, and Is now llmlioo. This Is an aequalntanoo of mlno, who owes we (1R80; but I don't require him to tnke chl"E? me. Thero already Is somebody who does that. Can't you hear Bor? That's her laughing. "Come," 1 said. "Lot's got Into ft cab. "ThauK you, X prefer walking. oxorelBo when you aro liverish. Are you alono? Miss Mooro came through the crowd. "No; I am with him." ... ...a. Ho stared at bar, us if In doubt; then nithsM dou recognition. n, "Ah! It 1b llio sister of tho brother- affce- tlonato relative of our dear low— the boautina Miss Moore! 11 Is like a scene out of one of WJ plays, in which you aro tho bright, particular star. The ghosts are gathering round. You wero thore, you saw her?" "Who?" "Tho Goddess!" "Was it— a Goddess?" "That's a demon?" .. "What do you moan?" She took me by tb arm. "Ask him what he mcaus, Luwronco answered. "It's not. a thing tho meaning ct which can w clarified by words. Como, and you shall sMi come together— Mr. Ferguson ami you. She looked at mc, Inquiry in her eyes. 1 quw Honed him. ,, "Where do you proposo lo take us. "To a llttlo place of mine, where tho GodJcas "What is this stuff about Ibo Goddess?" "Gome, and you shall see." 1 glanced at her. "Let's go," sho said. lie caught her words. ,, "There spouks tho lady who would learn, tuo woman possessed of the spirit of Inquiry. I repeated my former suggestion. "Let's get lulo a cab." But ho declined. lk "No. I'll lmvo nono of your cabs, I 11 «"». I'm crlbb'd, cabined, and confined out In tho open. In a cab I'd stille. There's a band upon off heart, a giip upon my throat, a weight upon n/ head; llicy. make it bard lo breathe. 1 II ho w closo quarters soon enough;. I'll Itoei1 out 0! tb as long as I can." _ .. , _ .h.t, 1 1 turned to llio officials. "Can I you hup 1 I people back? I don't want to have tlieui folio ft lug us through tlio streets. Tho mans a I drunk; he's ill." ( I "I should get him Into 11 call." . . , I Lawrence, hearing wlint the fellow inlu, ru I at him In a fit of maiilueul fury, repealing. '» I crescendo scute, "You'd get me Into a "Hi. 1 got 1110 into u cab.! You'd gel mc Int" a c- kill you first." Tbo man shrank back, us It 11 fill tlmt bis last hour bad come. Wo went out of tho stutlon, a motley croiiu, Lnwrwico with Miss Moore, and me elusfl at » heels; behind, before, on either side, a lunoous assemblage qf fools, 1 would lu\J P vented her from coining, had I Imd my »» told her so nt starting. But sho whispered la ear, "I'm not afraid. Are you?" , "1 nm afraid for you— of these blackguards, tlio mood he's lu; of wliero he's taking what muy happen. I don't know what <k trick It lu ho has been playing, but I 1" " Is a devil's trick, uinf thero may bo now. come." "I'm safo with you." "I doubt It." .a.. "But I am Hiiro. Tho light Is coming; d to sue the brightness of the day, for 111 hn , sake, which 1 thought might bo a coiwldiiuuoa 'perhaps, with you. Still, I'm undn you hid me 1 will go. But— mayn't I . , 1 I could dony her nothing which 1J10 such n Idtio, though It wero tin apple out 01 1." But I was gruff. "Then take my arm," I know l' was a fool, and should li.it 1 f<" 'il'.'itiBo bor lo go with us, nor have allowed Ini. "u ., as sho might, to havo run the risk of what 1 8 bo lo come; but wbon I foil her 1. my arm, 1 would not have hud hei take " again, not— not for a great deal. (To bo continued.) 1 