PITZSISirilONS AND II IS .PETS. THE TIGHTER HAS HARD LUCK. ? A Oli«i-tor ofAccHlciitsV '? ': Eostoiiy;'i-oiice ;:News^bt.irecontVdate 'is, rcar-'ontible/for thoVfolloAying:^. - ; . Bob' Kitzstremor.BiR eertainly. having his own troubles these days. 'Ills' mind.. wns' torn with anguish when his injured hand forced him to relinquish his match, with Ous lluhlin; but dlfilcultlos which: plied upon him In quick -succession culminated tho othor day in tho death ot 'Phil,' his prize bull-torrler. :.: Tho ? dog was found dead on a plot, of ground behind Bob's training.- quarters at Bercon Bench. IIIh death was duo to wounds he received In a battle a week aso with a Great Dane. The latter dog had wandered from home/and was filled with buckshot by a hotel pro prietor of Ocean Boulevard. Ho then wan-, dered.to Bergen Beach, ? where, after kill ing. several dogs, tried a battle with'Tlill.' After the battlo Fltzslmmons placed seven teen stitches in 'Phil's' wounds. Thoblg Dune,' returned homo tho. following day to die. Fitzslmraous' . dog, who was . the champion In his class, died from his .wounds within ten days. He was. presented ;tci Fit/. when Bob was Champion of tho World, and; was highly prized.. . : ' '? . ?'-. ..' .A few days later Fitz's young lion es caped from his quarters, and took to 'wan-' daring. Search, parties were organised. early in Ihe morning, but It was not until noon that: they discovered it. The: lion .had crawled underneath the flooring of the Casino. An opening was made, and Fitz tried to poax him out. His effortB. finally met with success, but tho lion ran away from him ncross car. tracks, and upon tracks' of the scenic railroad. Hardly was he upon the animal when one of the cars camewhiz ' zing '.down at full speed, and ; killed tho cub.'.; ,:.. :. | ,'/. . '' :, .'.' : . ,'.' ' . ?' . ? But Fitz's ill-luck had not reached its climax; for when ho returned to his train Ing quarters ho was informed that his pea cock had. also given up- tho ghost. It was almost more than he could stand. Tho pea cock was aii exceedingly handsome bird, and was ono. of the' most valuable In America, arid much admired by tho numer ous visitors to Fitz's domain. No wonder that tlio cx-champlon with the auburntint ed hondpteco wa3 bemoaning his fate when I met him at Coney, Island the other night In front ot the bar of tho President, souk Ing to rescue a Maraschino chorry from the abysmal deep of a whisky cocktail. 