PURPLE AND FINE LINEN. By William Le Queux. Author of 'Whoso Findeth a Wife,'' 'It Sinners Entice Thee,' ' The Day ol Temptation,' ' Scribes and Phari sees,' 'The Bond of Black,' ' Zoraida,' '? England's Peril,' etc., etc. LCOPTBIQHT.] OHAPTKE XXV. (Oontiktjed).— THE PERSON WHO KNEW. 'And as acknowledgemsnt of the service you rendered by preserving secret yonr knowledge of the events of that terrible night I was enabled to render you s small service in return,' she said. ' Your tight was restored to you.' ' For that, how can I sufficiently think you ?'' 1 exclaimed. ' I owe it all to you, and rest assured that although we have not met until this evening, I have never iorgotten — nor snau i ever lorget. 8he smiled pleasantly, while I strolled ilowly at her side acroai the Btation yard. To me those moments were lika a dream. Edna, the woman who had hithBrto been but a strange ghost ol the past, was now actually beside me in the flesh, 'I haye reoBived other notes making appointments— the last, I think, a. couple of years ago,' I obterved after a pause. 'Did you not meet me then 1 See glanced at me with a pulled ex pression. Of course she knew nothing of those loBt years of my life. 'Meet you?' she repeaUd. 'Certainly not.' ' Who met me, then?' ' I really don't know,' she answered. ' This is the first time I have approached you, and I only come to you now in order to ask . you to grant me a favor— a, very great favor.' ' A invn-r ! W-inf lc ^ 7' ' I cannot explain here, in the street,' she said, qnickly. 'If you will comB to my hotel I will place the factB before you.' ?' Where are you staying 1' ' At the Bath Hotel, in Arlington Street.' I knew the placa well. It stood at tha corner of Arlington Street and Pioeadilly and was an eminently respectable, old ffishioned place, patronised ty a high-claw elientele. ' And you are alone f' 1 inquired, think ing it strange that she should thm ask me to her hotel. ' Of course. I have come to London «xpres!ly to sea you,' she responded. '.' I went down to Budleigh Balterton two dayi ago, but I ascertained at Denbury that you had left suddenly.' ' Whom did you sea there ?'? I inquired, much interested. ' Your butler. Ha told me iomB absurd ''??; m*-- ..uan juu u»u ucuuuic icinporam irresponsible for your actions, and had disappeared leaving no address.' ' And you came to London V 'Of course.' ' And how did yon find out where I wai hidden and my assumed name ?' She smilled mysteriously. ' It was easy enough, I assured you. A man of your influenee in the Oity, wbII known as vcaare, has considerable Hifflnnitu in effectively concealing his identity.' ' Bat who told you where I was staying 1' I demanded. ' Nobody. I discovered it for myself.' ' And yet the police have been searching for me everywhere, and have not yet discovered me 1' I remarked Buprised. ' The police have one method,' she said ' I have an entirely different one.' ' Tell me one thing,' 1 said, halting in our walk, for we wera already at the commenca ment of Victoria Street — that street down which I had wandered blindly on that night long ago when I had lost myself— 'tell me for what reason those previous appointments where made with me at Grosvenor Gate, at King1* Cross, at Eastbourne, and else where.' ' You kept them,' she replied. ' Yon Burely know.' ' Ng, that's just it,' I eaii ' Ol courM I don't expect you to give credence to what I eay— it sounds too absurd— but I hive absolutely no knowledge of keeping those appointments except the one st Grosrenor Gate, and I am totally ignorant ol having met anybody.' She paused, looking me fnll in thB face with those gray eyes bo full of mystery. 'I begin to think that what the butl-r told me contains some truth,' she observed bluntly. 'No,' I protested. 'My«iindis In no way unhingad. I am fully awere ol all that transpired at The Boltons1 ol ? ' ' At the Boltonn 1' she internpied, turning a trifle pale. ' What do you mean?' 'Of thecrimB enacted at that house ? in Thn RnH/ino ' 6he held her breath. Plainly nhe was not before aware that I had discovered the spot where the tragedy had taken place. My word had taken her by surprise, and it was evident that ihe was utterly confounded. My discovery I had kept a profound secret unto myself, and now, for the firat time, had revealed it. Her face showed how utterly taken aback she was. ' There is some mistake, I thisk,' Bhe said lamely, ancarentlv for want of «nmr-- thing other to eiy. ' Surely your memory carries you back to that midnight tragedy,' I exclaimed rather hastily, for I saw Bhe wonld. even now .mis lead m e, if she could. 'I have dicoTerad where it took place— I have Bince re- entered that room \' ' You have I' she gasped in the low hoarse voica of one fearful lest her secret should be discovered. ' You have actually redis covered the house — even though you were to blind 1' 'YeB,1 I answered. ?' How did you accomplish it ?' I shrugged my shoulders, answering — ' There is an old-sayinfj — a verv truB one — that ' murder will out.' * ' ' But tell me more. Explain more folly,' she urged in an earnest tone. I hesitated. Next instant, however, I decided to keep my own counsel In the matter. Her readiness to deny that the event* occurredjin that house had re-aroused within me a distinct n;Bpicion. ' It is a long story, and cannot be told hprfl ' I answered evaflivelv. 'Then come along to thB hotel'' Bhe suggested. ' I, too, hate much to say to you.' I do not know that I should have obByed heT were it not for the mystery which had hitherto veiled her identity. She had saved my life it ia true, and I suppose that I ought to consider her a as friend, yet in those few minutes duriHg which I had gazed upon her a curious dislike of her had arisen within me. She was, I felt certain, not tha straight forward person I had once baljeved her to ba. ' ' ' 'J Not that there wbi anything in her ap pearance against her. On the contrary, she was a pleasant, Bmiling, rather pretty woman of perhaps th'rty-five, who spoke wun me air ano nii^ner oi a lady, and who carried herself well, with the grace of one in a higher social circle. tilQT a few moments' hesitation my curiosity got the better of my natural caution, and I determined to hear what «ha had to say. Therefore we drove together to the Bath Hotel In her own private sitting- room, a cosy little apartment overlooking Piccadilly, on poBite Dover-street, she removed her big black hat, drew ng her gloves, and haying invited me to a. chair, took one herself on the opposite side of the fireplace. Her maid vfaB there whin we entered, but re tired at a word from her rnlstre&a.; 1 ' You, of course, regard it as very onrlonj, Mr Heaton, that after these nx years I leaning her arm lightly upon the little table, and gaeing straight into my lace without flinching. ' It is true that onca I was enabled to render you a service, and now in return I ask you also to render me one. Of course, it ie useless to deny that a secret exists between us — a secret which, if rs vealed, would be 'disastrous.' l 'To whom?' 'To certain persons whose narnea need not be mentioned. '' ' ^^ 'Why not?' 'Thinkf' she «B,y, very gravely. 'Did you not promusB me that, in return ior your life when you were blind and helpless, yoa would make no effort to learn the true facts ? It seems that you have already learnt at least one — tha spot where the crime wai committed.' ' I consider it ray duty to learn what I can of this affair,' t answered' dBtermin edly. ' ? ' one raiBeo. ner eyebrows with an expres sion of surprise, for she saw that I was In earnest. ' A^ter you 'vow to me 1' she asked. ' Re member that, to acknowledge my indebted ness for that vow, 1 Bearcued'for tha one specialist who could restore your sight. To my efforts, Mr Heaton, you are now In posaeesion of that sense that was loat to yo?,1' ' I acknowledge that freely,' I answered. ' Yet, even in that yoa haye Bought to de ceive me.' 'How?' ' Ton told me that you WBre not the writer of those !?''??! signed with a pseu donym. ' .' And that is true. I was not the actual writer, even though I may have caused them to be written.' ' Having thus deceived me, how can you hopB that I can be free with you V ' I reeret.' she answprnd. 'That ulipht deception has been necessary to preserve the secret.' ' The secret of the crime ?' She nodded. ' Well, and what do you wish to tell me this evening?' She was silent for a moment, toying with her rings. ' I want to appeal to your generoBtty. I want you to assist me.' 'In what matter?' 11 Ah hpfnrfl ?' 'As before I' I repeated, greatly surprised. ' I have no knowledge of having assisted you before.' 'What?' she cried. 'la your memory ?o defective that you do not recollect yonr transactions with those who waited upon you — those who kept the previous appoint ments of which you have spoken.' 'I assure you, madam,' I said, quite calmly, ' I have not the least idea of what you mean.' II If— ITn.(n_ 111 -T ? -*_J IITT ? iui uoiiluu i bum urLcu. nave yuu really taken leave of your senses ? It is actually true what your butler has said of jon — that on the day you left Denbury yon; behaved like a madman?' 'I Am no madman!' I cried with con siderable warmth, ' The truth is that I remember nothing since one evening nearly llx years ago, when I was smoking with— with a friend — in Chelsea, until that day to which my aervant has refe rred.' 'You remember nothing? Ihis is most extraordinary 7 'If strange to you, madam, how much more strange to me ? I have told you the troth, therefore kindly proceed te explain the object of these previous visits of persons who have apparently sent to me .' ' I really think that you must be joking,' she said. ' It seems impossible that yon Bhonld actually be unaware.' ' I tell you that I have no knowledge whatever of their business with me.' 11 men u sucn is reany me case, let me explain,' Bhe said. ' First, I think you will admit that your financial transactions with oar government have brought you very handsome profits.' ' I am not aware of having had any trans actions with the British Government,' I answered. 41 1 refer to that of Bulgaria,' she ex plained. 'Burely you are aware that through my intermediary you have obtained great concessions — the docka at Varna, the electric trams at Sofia, the railway from Tironva to the Barvian frontier, not to men tion other great undertakings which have been floated as companies, all of which are now earning handsome profits, You cannot be ignorant of. that I' I remembered that Gedga had Bhown me some official parchment, vfhioh he had ex plained were concessions obtained from Krianp Fprf^inftnrl nf RnlcyATiii That thin woman had the means ol securing to me the greater part ol the enormous profits which I had apparently mads within the past five years was certainly surprising. ' On the day I recovered consciousness — the day ol my departure from Denbury — I was shown Bome documents, but took little heed ol them,' I said. ' You admit, however, thst the employ ment of British capital In Bulgaria has realised a very handsome profit, and that the greater part of it has gone into your own pockets. ctT unnnnHP tVint. ii «n' T rpflnnn^p*1 'Tb it to yon that I am indebted for those conces sions ?' ' Certainly.' 'Are yon, then, an ambassadress of the Principality of Bulgaria?' 'Well, yes — If you ehoosa to pnt it so.' ' Then, as I understand, it is with some farther financial object that you have sought me this Bvening?' 'Exactly.' This latest davslopment of the affair was certainly moit remarkable. I had never dreamed that to this hitherto unknown woman I had. been indebted for the unparal leled success which had attended my career during those last six years. .Yet from the facts she subsequently placed before me it vonld seen that it was at her instifatios that I first dabbled in finance. Bhe, or rather her agents, had obtained for me the 'negotiation ol a substantial 'loan to prince Ferdinand, and this had been followed by all Berts of concessions, net ona of which had turned out badly. The mysterious Kdna. whom Ihadalwayi believed to be a typical blpnae-and-blcyole firlot the true Kensington type, was actu ally a political agent of that most turbnltnt ol all the European States. I «at looking at her in wonderment. She possessed & superb carriage, a smart, well dressed figure, a smiling intelligent face, white even teeth, a complaxlon just a trifle dark, but betraying no trace of foreign birth. Her English was perfect, her manner purely that of the patrician, while her snr }jiiouig uiul IJUS&CDBCU; HU LUC UlicBBB UI an accomplished diplomatist. ' I conlesi that I have all along been in entire Ignorance of my indebtedne«s to you,' I Bald, after listening to her while the ex plained haw obediently I had followed the instructions contained in the letters signed 'Avel,' and how I h»d bo materially ad vanced the interest of the Pri.ncipa.Uty that the thanks of the Bulgarian President, or flobrarje, had been tendered to me, and tne Prinrfl himself hRd a nfinnlp nf vnnr« ucm conferred npod me the highest distinction within his power. Yet it was more than strange that while this shrewd grey-eyed woman, the possessor of the aaoret of that puzzling crime, hBld aloof from me, sfoe had ingeniously contrived that I should become the unwitting catspaw of an mutable State. I was thinking of Mabel — my thoughts were always of my lost love — and I was wondering how I night obtain from this woman the secret of her whereabouts. (TO BH OONTIITCKD NEXT WEDITE8DAY.) 