&HE; PRICE OF 'A SLAVE.' Bud and I sat on the high banks of the ravine. Watching the gophers on the other tide. Wi Whs mad that morning, fur Alvira had told on Us ag'iu— she was alwpys doing it ! We lived on a farm. Alrira's our rister, and at thai time ahe went to the town f chool: I s'poie that'i vby she put orTso many airs. ???-.. After we'd scared the gophers into their holei ice nt still and thought awhile At laat 1 ?aid— i ??/-.? I-'-:' ; 'Bad.what'llyoudopayhrrup?' '* N(W Bud's kind of cliicken-hearted; he nevel can think of anything very bad, much less do it ;' bo, to give him time, I'made a cheese of mj skirt; and kept whirling all the way along the bank to the cellar, where pa bleaches the celery, and barkagiiu without evtf falling down once. When 1 got back Budja-ki d— ' Wl.atfll you do,' Juilina, to pay her up?' I like to scato Biul, and make him look up to me; iu I crossed mj'eyit and showed my teeth, like we do when wo tell the Indian story to the Dew fcholirs that 'coma to our school, and liyi, \ way down in i my Ibroat— . ? ;... ' I'll Bill her Tor a slave !'; -' . ' Ob, ., .lusty,' cried Bud, 1' liow awful ! Would yo-i ?' . : 'I wonld,' I answered ; and to show bio , bow unconcerned I was 1 took a turn down the : baukuf the ravine on our toboggonilide.. / -' .' We don't have ? chance to slide much 'cause . pm makes a tenible fusa about tbat cellar door,' and we hive to get Hani Francis to pull it up erery time before he gets home from town. We keep on the good aide of Bans Francis \- by telling him dii net's teady before we call : the ' other men, so's hn can go in first He likes : Christie, .ouruireri giri.^and -l^a'pose thcyll get ' ? married some day, and then We won't have any : mere eliding, and I'll- hive to wish the di»hc«, ! too. . It does teem as if cveiyHiing goes wrong ? in tiis world -.'.? ; ' .'..'?'....-.???? ' After. I'd slid down the ravine and walked up ogain, Bud said, kind of nproachfally— : . ' .lusty, there ain't no such thing as a slave/ Tl.ej're all free.' , '-':'/' ' '? . : .(.f course I knt-w'tf'ere wasn't anymore Unck slaves, but. I didii't think Bud did. sol waskiudof ,»t alo« what.toanswrr, whcnall at once I. thought of whit ma i»id one' time aliout Brown'*, ovcrsouth of us : V Mrs. Brown ' is a perfect slant to that man !'' , So I Bays to'Buil— ./ r' ??;-'??;.?; , ',? ^ ?'..; '?'[?'. '\\.\ '? ''' 'Tliirc's slave's riow, just the SJmn's.Bver. Mr. Brown's wife is one -- , .;; . . ?-.- ' . Bud thought *a»h'le, and then asked if I supprscd Mr. Brown would'; take Alvira. I ha vu to laugh at . Bud . soaietitnes, hb's so inno : cent..^. y. ::{::', ^-:^:S :..--.'v.:.C- ;?,'?. :' ' Of course he wouldn't,' I answered.' 'But: ; wo could sell her to iTman who hadn't a slave uln ady— an awful roeon-looking unsn.'' Bud began to weaken at this, so I went on— : ' Of c lurse we couldn't gut anything for her; -.ve'd probably have to give the man BOmi thing ; tu boot, to get him to marry ber ; butlguesaif -you'd had to wear her eld clothes, as I have, ] ypu'd- be willing to do most anything to get rid other.. Look hero,' I went on, staading up ' rnd holoing opt my apron; 'ita made out of ler old skirt. How'jdyou like to wear her old tkirt, Mr. Bud F' . 'Well, I'd want it made into pants first,' answered Bud, kind of hesitating. : ? ''Yes,' I laid, ' and every boy that saw you Tould say, ' There goes Bud Syhester with his Kstcr's ekirt on I' ' ....-' . ? ,' They wouldn't I1* cried Bud, gtttirg red in llie face.. ' It'd be sewed into breeches P ' ' ?. '?'? ' They'd know it just the same, and they'd Bfik yc u if you had a hairloom on.' ' '' ;- This brought Bud over to my way of think ii g, c5 1 knew it would, for if th ru's anything in this world that makes him mad, it's to be made fun of. : . . / , -: We ebuldu't think who we pould get to many . AWin, and we went over and sitou the outside grienhouso door,' that' slant*, and talked it mcr. There was no one mean enough to snit us but Ed Rickets, the man that tends to pa's celery. They plant it out in the field all summer, over, rows of tiling ; and wo don't like Ed, 'cause one time when he put the hose hi one end of a row to run the water across the fu.ld we changed the nozzle, when he wasn't ootriug, into the mo»t around the csstle we'd Imill ; then we forgot about it, and tho moat overflowed and flooded the field; Now if it hud Iren Hans Francis he never would . have told ; butBd'did; , . - .-:;;: i: : ; It was nice and sunn; on the greenhouse rioor,~and wo^d taken our time to it, and_ said ell the mean things about Ed Rickets we could II. ink of, when all at onct tho door began to raise up. - After we'd rolled ot£ Bi Rickets stuck his head out and said — . - ' V Aw, now, you're jual joking, ain't joq ?'. Just wait till we pay him up t Then we went along the crerk to hunt for i i;g t heads, and while we was there ws come rcr^rs a man walking along with his bands be I -n 1 him. I thought as soon a- I saw him that I.e would make a good slave owner, and 1 just .: irked bim if he was married: ?'- ' - He lBUgbeJ, and wanted to know where we .simitg from.;- Bud told him w« didn't spring at s I ; wo was just hunting around ; and he asked him what he was doing. '-'? - - ' * He soberod up then and walked along with' i'.s, and said he was a professor in a University somewhere and was out looking for Indian relks. ' ? ? ?;..' '?_?' ? '- ~~ '???'~-': ? .;.--..- ?? ?? .- lacked him what Indian relics was, and he faicl (hoy was bead* and hai chits and things that live Indians buried in mounds with dead Indians a long time ago ; and did we know of. any mounds around hero ? '. . {'. ? '^ -^* ' That sot me thinking : I did know uf one, and I winked to Bud to keep still ; then I -sard to thci piofissor— . ' What'll you give for an Indian mound V Uo laughed, kind of- si)rprisid, and said if it was genuine he'd give a good deal. .. Bud been then what I 'was after, and he asked— ' ' Mr. Frofrssor, arc you mtrrisd P' ?' . ''I 'Why do you want to know that 7' he n plied, laughing. ; Theu I whikpered to Bud, and he whispered to me; and we decided weM better tell the professor tho whole thing,' and make him an oiler. So we told him if he wasn't married, and would marry our sister. Alvira and make her a slave, we'd give him the Indian mound aud call it square. ~ ' '''.'' ,* ?.,--.- Uo laughed the most I ever seen anybody laugh, and asked us if we meant it. Then ho inquired all about our family, and Alvira, aud if. she was pretty and everything. I told him jes, sho was ; and the Indian mound was a good one, 'causu I'd cot somn bead* out of it 1 could thowhim. He then asked us n'ght out where it was— is if we. were such fools as to tell ! Bud says, '? Oh, no, you don't !' and winked. This made the' professor kind of mad, and he walked aiouud a bit with his hudi in bis pockuts , then he asked-7- T: ..-.^j:-i- : S ? ?' Whcru can'l see your sister r™ Bud told him we'd fix that, and be mufit Fwmr he'd uever tell a word of what we Eaid to l.im, for we wouldn't show him the Indian uouud. After he'd done it we askrd him to go to the big gieenhouiu while we was eating sun ; cr lh:it night, and we'd come down and bidr, him whure ho could see Alvira when we brought I.er there. . - - I forgot that .that was the night when Hans t'rancis. smokes .the greenhouses, and we di.l l-.avu an awful time of it. We put the professor iuukiud of crib in tho forcing-house. After .-.nv.uc got in it was pretty hard to get out rg*m: then, too, it was very dusty. ; Ti.e t.moke of burning tobacco stem? is all cry well when you're used to it, but when you iii'l— »ell, you just cau't stand it, that's aU. /ai(l,.!-2si.lik, thu profiseor diilu't know what v.-a' Lu.uing; uu Ih -'ught the whole house was oi Sib.-* .--??- I.-wever he got out of that crib I cani im-iiae. but just as we'd all got arranged around the outer edge of one o!^he forhaol pits, nnd Alvira was going to tell the first ghost story, liko we always do nights when ttsy smoka the greenhousp. and the smoke was so thick you could scarcely see the crib, ult to onct some one dropped out of it, hollered 'Tire I' and ran. ; ? ' ' ? '?';'*? . If there was an inch in all them 10 green boils' s that tho professor didn't run or fall over I'd like to know it. I think he upset every ainglu thing tbat wasn't nailed down before he got out Hans Francis was carrying the little sheet iron stove they bum the stems in from one hou.-e to another, and the profeuor bad to knock it endways, of course, just as pa fell'; into* the furnace pit; ? .-:''. Well, the 'burglar' got' away, so I heard 'em telling the neighbours. ; I'm sure I couldn't say, 'cause Bud and I sneaked off to bol about thattime. . - C .'?'?'' We didn't see the professor again for some days, and then w« found him one . morning walking along the creek looking for that mound. Ee didn't act at first -s if he was glad to see us, and even when Bud told him we hadn't a thing against him be just looked at us in lur prisc and Baid — 'Well, if yon are not the. most impudent chili!rtn!' -I i.on't think that was veiy polite! After a while be came around, and'aBkcd' ai how our lovely sister was, and then we fixed it up to have him call upon pa some. evening to consult him' about: books'..- He* could ' cocne' home on Friday evening, so's Alvira would be at home; mil I'd fix it so that she'd come into the room. I beard nm calli.ig me then, aud I. had to c° i.to tho house. AflerFd gone Bud got things mijmlyaiid told the professor to oame Saturdiy evening instead. '. r ' ? -' '' When Friday night came I got Alrira to fix up by te'ling he.- I was most sure I heard pa invite one of the Bristbn boys ovir. I kutw sho, cou'dn't prove anything by pa, 'miue he forgj ts awtul bail. The proressor didn't come that night, and I couldn't imajini why. 'cause Bud . had gono home, with Coutin Willie, and nevcrtold me.'; -v' ,'.?;;? -'.i .??-:uj:-j;.- , Saturday, night -wo was all excr-pt pa tired out, und went to .bi»l .early. -.I never seen such a ! pinion as pa is— ho'll sit up till two in the moin-ng and readByron's poems.. Our house ispiclty big, bat what with Laving so many hired men, we don't have rnnch skepini: room. Alvira . stayed all' thVwrek in town,' iind when she came home Friday night she had to shep ou a' sofa in a little ; rec:ss in pur parlour. Now our house ain't built like the houses in. town ; it 'dou'lr have a - front hall, so when yuu opeu thc frout door you step right into the parlour. , AfUr cverj body was asleep in, the house Lnt pa, there was a kuuck'at the fioiit door. Pa's a -to»r, good : man, and we just' wouldn't take am thing in the world for him, but he's the awfulest p rson to forget ! On this occasion he ?forgot all about Alvira. Ho brought a lamp anil stt it on the parlour table,' and then opened the door. ( . T. ; :'..-'? '. '? [.'?' .';: ';? .;...': .-j Of course it was tie professor— what other luck conld, you. eiptct? Pa. iusi tel on hi) coming right in, and when be found out who he was they began to talk about . books. Alvira soon woke up, and just had to lay. there with the bright light shining in her face, \and those ,two men sitting quite near her. -- They. couldn't, see anything except her faco and. head, as the recess was partly- curtained off,; and tie rofi almost entirely bidden.' But her; head wai enough; it looked awful. It's tLe stjle now to. wear : your- hair crimped; Alvira curls hei short bur with a curling iron, but tie crimp ing sho dees. on big hairpin',' which^itick out . every way aud.madehrr head look real funny. By this lima ma audi.wasnpand.tr) in; to save ber; we could see her throughj the cr«ck of the door.htr cheeks like fire. ' ' She .was so angry with p» that 1 just eipwled 1 to tee hw fly(athim; and there pa sat, 'gently stroking' Us whLJcers and smiling, the very personiRi.t tion of goodwill to man. T'':-.: Ma stood back in the kitting room, where the profe-'sor couldn't see her, tni inado frantic motions to catch his eye ; anu when' at last she succeeded what did the/.tiear* old 'pa do? In stead of taking the hint and excusing himsilf he just slopped abruptly what. he1' was sayii g, and turning 'upon in&.a beauiiug smile asiced her what she wanted. ' ' ,\ :!..^i: ?' f: Of course ma had to go into the'pnrlour then and Ull pa to bring bis company tut into the sitting-room. There was a mnile around the professor's moustache all the rest of the. even- ing, and he looked st me once and winked. . Fa liked him very mncd, and be sat and talked till 11 o'clock. He told pa he ouglit to seud me to the town school, 'cause I was a bright i ne. : He camo to oar house lota of times alter (hat, and as soon as Alvira was tLro'ugh .school be m»niedher; but my! yon uever could make Alvira believe Bad and I mtde tlat match ; she thinks the professor fell in love' with ht-r. Just imagine a man falling in love with any girl after seeing her with a lot of crimping piits on her head !. Alvira is the most deluded creature I We showed the professor where the Indinn mound was; he never could have gne»si-d. 'I hoy dug through one side: of it when, they made the celery cellar, so all ho had to do was to go inside of the cellar and dig 'straight out , in a cerUiu place, and there. was the heart of thu mound. . We found our beads right on the cellar wall, and we didn't know it. was a mound till X thought of it.' The profewor.du'g right iu with a shovel and his hinds. The idea of put- i ting your hands in such a mess !.. You'd never i calchine doing it !,., '..'.. ??y'-L ,', 