RECENT LITERATURE. '"'To London Town,' .by, Arthur Morrison, published , in Blethuen's / Colonial Library; is designed' ns a , complementary work , to his pie- tures of!' Mean Streets,', and! a ' Child of the Iago',' in the eastern parts qf London, , : Liko these two previous publications this latest 'pro- quocion resomnies, cue; previous:ones in iitorury nieiiit,: the vividness of coloring and . the realism of , the ehnracter.s the author depicts. Tho actors in .the hard drama of struggling for . existonoe that Air Morrison liow1 presents, are ns vnriniia - as' their "aims and ondenvburs. First on the sceno is a grandfather, living in a cottage in the j country a ! fow miles distant to the east of Lon don, '.together with , His ...'granddaughter and ! children. He niakes his living by a special .aptitude in eolloqting rare, species of huttorflies; cuterpillars and other insects,! but- is found one 'mbfning at tlio'hottoni of a pit, dead, -with a fractured- skull. - Thereafter,' tho household breaks up- ufier ronlising-'LAO oh the 'grand-: father's rare collection. They proceed td London', to make - an - existonce .by keeping a small shop. -Utteir failure menaces them "with disasterat the. .beginning, but in their small way succoss follows. Then tin uncle wlio.'did not khow thein in their- adversity,: discovers them in their bettor, times, . and sits down : effusively to feed on , better fare thai) .themselves at their expense. This is -ari old.ganio of.wordlings which the author makes good . uso of 1 in his ' picture. - -A ' com- ' panion ! creature - of this : class inveigles the widow to marry him,- spends the money he pan get hold of from tho moagre earnings of the shop, beats hor and a crippled daughter because holoannbt get more coin, and -just as ho has. pros trated i he cripple, Iter brother, the hero of the drama, enters the room at the exact, moment, and quiekly with a. blqtv,! floors his stepfatlier, threatens to knock his brain's out with a poker, and kicks him out of tho; house.- ! .. i -.Front'. this brief outline, it will be seen that Mr Morrison has constructed a tale deserving oi oonimbiidittion. . :.- / . / " Vilda Hanom," by -Daisy Hugh Pryoo, pub lished in Maentillan's Colonial Library," is a - work that is rendbretl! attractive -by its easy flowing style, and tlio nicety whiclt is exercised iit the discrimination of oharabter. It'is aromance of a 'I'urkish liarbm at Cairo, where the narrator of the title nmy bo presumed to be an -English governuss eng -ged to educate the son of a pasha, ' and oven the pasha himself in tho English ; language. It is founded upon, it careful study, : tlie reader is told ' in tho prpfiicb, and upon an , iiitiinate Itnowledgb . of the Osutanlis nnd their j ways, but it" does not betray the secrets of an | actual Turkish household. - She describes the household;; as..: a luxuriant pno,; abounding ! in j plenty for all, mid in dresses and jewels ' for tlio wife of the pasha j yot, witlial, she has a longing for mixing with society in the world, not to be veiled arid excluded from the companionship of men. The episodes that occur in her life. almost' induce hor ..to infidelity, but in' her paroxysm silo" sickens-' and dies. In this pictured harem of lavishness this is not found to be enough to satisfy tho craving for freedom."- Tho:'Erichiinter," by U. S. Silberrad, also published in Mitomillan's Colonial Library is a somewhat, incougruous . novel. ... Tlio lending character in it is a clever lad that passos for a fool,' as liis ways are not the ways of other , 'people. He possesses particular inclinations ; ho ; dees not figure as a scholar, but is soon crawling along the ground as a geologist to dis cover an ancient rivor bed ; he believes liimsolf surrounded by ghosts, thinks that the magic and sorcery of tho olden days were explainable by chemistry, yet searches after old manuscripts to discover tho seerots. With all t-heso vngario-s ho! invonts tho systom of wireless tologrnphy. His dialogue with a lady partakes of rudeness, softoncd with a border of politohess. Litis hotorogoniouH combination of talent and fantasy 'form dull reading. Tho above works are forwarded by -G. Robertson and Co., from whom they may bo procured, : Mr Honry Copoland is to bo Agent- Genera)., of Now-South Wales, in suooo3sion to Sir Julian Salomons. Mr Copoland represents the Phillip Division of Sydney in tho Legislative Assombly. Ho will lenvo for London almost immediately. The appointment is not for any definite torin, but in view of tho coiuplotiou of federation, some change is to be mado_ in the mothod . of Australian ' representation in London in tho course of a few months. Mr Copeland was a strong supporter of Mr Lyno when thnt'goritle- man was leader of tho Opposition. He, how-, ever, differed from his views on the Common wealth Bill, being a staunch federalist. Ho was at one time a resident of Victoria, and was well known in Ballnral . 