SI1 JOSEPH'S CHRISTMAS PARTY, BY X. B. WALfORD. Author ct "Mr. Smith/' "The Baby's Grandmother," "The Archdeacon,"*' &c.;, &C.;, &c.; (Cantjnire<L£pom yesterday Xoel looks meaningly at Laura as lie hands her one. fc?he tries not-to blush, but her fair, smooth skin plays a. treacherous part. Laura has never looked prettier in. ber life. !ihe has thought of a new came for "the evening. Oh, they will have <the old games first,' of course—for little Jenny is looting iilmost. tearful at the idea of no ""Blind Maii's Buff" or •'Up Jenkins"—but there will be time for alL Jenny iE quite reconciled, and •whispers to. her next neighbour, gtancing roguishSy the while at Noel, who ie a favourite, and towards whom the tiny coquettejs already directing her attentions. He hears the whisper; it is something about Laura; he laughs bai-k, nodding an-emphatic assent. He and jenny understand'each other—but there is no need to take any one eflse into confidence. So the person in question may hope th.it blush number two lias passed unseen. There is one bottle of champagne, and one -toast which never fails to be drunk year by year at the Christmas feast in this house." Diet Ha«»11 and his wife have large, loving hearts, and. they are not so • wrapped up in themselves and their -own concerns as to forget other hearths and homes; so up rises the host, rapping on the table for silence, and-every eye-is fixed upon him as he holds aloft his glass with his ".Absent friends and present company," which is echoed by every lip, and rounded off by a "Whoop" from Robbie^ ithe irrepressible. It is a mercy Robbie does -not sfcirt the "Herald Angels" on the spot. But Noel has murmured something into Laura's car: "'May the present company always be my present company!" And, commonplace as the words are, they are uttered with so»inuch meaning, with such a deep throb of earnestness and significance, that she involnntaialy starts from her seat, and —happy thought—the whole table starts up also, mistaking her action for a signuL Only Laura's mother knows that she gave no signal, and Noel knows so, too. ""Laura, you can't mean it?" '"I do—I do mean it. Oh, Noel, oh, doat be angry with me; don't be cruel*to me.'* "it is you "who are cruel to me." The two are alone within the little sha- dowed hall, hidden among the greenery. They have been, sent out in due turn, while a guessing game is in process of concoction, and are nov" awaiting a summons, which may come at any moment. But they have been out before, and' something has been said which, left unfinished, burns in their bosoms. Xow for its completion. Xot a moment must be wasted. It is "l.aura, my darling, did rou not understand me? I aslted you to-be my wife, and "' "And you told me tSiat your father " "My father has nothing to do with it. r-am my.own master. You knew I came here to-night unknown to him. And you did not turn me away." \--"\Ve could not. How could we? It was not for us-to—if you-chose to come, and Bui this is different;. Y-our'father " "Ay, your father,"' said Sir Joseph Hazel], stepping out in front of the pair. "Your father, young -man! And you look as if he were" a ghost! Well .you may." "Good God, sir! Father! But wbatwhere? The water is pouring off you!" <-ried Noel, recovering from his confusion beneath a sodden s'hout of amazement and consternation. "My dear father, where have you beent?" seizing and dragging forward "to view. a. dripping figure, almost unrecognisable. "In the Jake,"' said Sir Joseph, solemnly. "Looking for you." "Looking for-me? Looking for me in tie lake!" Bin- the young, man would not smile. "Sever mind, never mind," he cried, im- ' :i %etuously, "well hear about it afterwards. >Hi, Richard, Robbie," dashing into the drawing-room. "Quick—some hot whisky and water. Here's a lialf- drownetf man. Oh. Laura, you has«e got it already?" For fifce had vanished and returned even as he spoke. A hot jug *was steaming up into the air. "The kettle was on the. kitchen fire. It was fortunate," said she, in a low, -calm rcitc. "Now, drink—drink," cried -iSoel, iumbli«2 in the wiii&y.; "I have -to ask your pardon," "began Sir Joseph, addressing the company generally, with a weak, trembling effort 'to be 'himself. "Tjut my son was missing—-" "Oh, never minii—never mind—i-hatfil kesp." Noel was now tugging at the heavy, soaked overcoat with both 'hands. "Hold hai-j,. fai£her, weTH 'hare you all right in .a minute. Cousin Dick, can you lend him a. change? Or, shotdd be got between the blankets? My dear father! My poor old dad!" liiere was no mistaldng the genuine ring of affection and distress, and the next minute an arm was round the old man's net!;. l'oor Sir Joseph—he-could- never-bhink of it afterwards without shame—fairly, burst out crying, and cried till he shook again. For he had 'bad-a- narrow-escape, and was frightened to death. ' '"' "1—1 missed my footing," he murmured. "1 got into the -place where the ice waa broken for the ducks "All rights all right/' said Noel, patting 'him on -the back as if he Jiad been a child. "Take an -arm, fatha-, or shall we cany you upstairs? The boys and I can do it easily. Ao. no;-don't speak, You can tell us about it presently." "I little thought to find you here," murmured Sir Joseph, with, a feeble struggle lor rebuke in 'Jris tones. "A blessing 1 was here." There was- nothing but whole-souled contentment and cheerfulness in the reply. "But they would have taken you in anyvrny. Jvow, then, sir, the staircase is short," mounting up, one Kt a time. "Hullo, here's Cousin Oickr with a pile of garments. Now, come in front of the fire, and let me " setting-to^woik on The instant. "You would—would diave been, sorry, for me, Noel?" "Sorry, sir? I am simply Iwzri&ed.; It "\vai an"awful thing-to happen. And that I should have been the cause!" "You see, 1 took fright when I went to your room, and found——" "Put your feet in the hot .water. Sight in. IK won't .scald them." "Then 'Harrison thought you-might be skating by -moonlight." "Awl now let me give your head a rub." "£ though tit was hardly fair of j'ou^Noel —but gently, my dear boy, gently." lor his head was being nearly rubbed off. "Now ril dry your feet., -and put-on these warm socks," said Noel, kneeling down. •"And I could not sleep till I made sure you. were ail right," concluded Sir Joseph, holding out a foot, and thinking how comfortable it aH was, 03 a delicious warmth again, gtole thrugh his benumbed extremities. There was a.fisp at the door "Am i to come in ?" "Ooine in, "Cousin " Dick," said Noel, cheerily; but-Sir Joseph merely held out a hand, -winch in hie heart he termed an olive brunch. It was-nearly midnight. -"The boys aad girls are still" below," said their father.. "We Jet them stay up on Christmas night: and my Dick or Rob, or V>oth togther, will ttrofc'vver to the Hall fora close carriage, if you approve, Sir Joseph. The lads are delighted to be of use, and. I doubt not they can knock up some one in the stables." "But I—I don't want to go just yet," said Sir Joseph. Then he rose, still holding his cousin's hand. "Dick, will you leave me and my son together for a few moments? •We will join you directly, and stay with you for a littSe, if we may. But we have a word to say to each other first." The door quietly opened and shut. "Nod," said Sir Joseph, "I know all." "I know all," continued he, understanding full well the silence which followed "And 1 forgive all. Listen. "When I pulled mysdf together, and found I was safe and sound, though soaked after my dueking, 1 made for this house as the nearest; also, I knew th^ kind of people Dick Hazell and his wife were. I saw the Cottage full of li?ht and life as I approached it, and wet and cold and miserable as I was, I could not but pause a moment to look in, as I passed the window—the blinds were up—on iny way to the door. I saw a party—a merry, joyous party—such a party as 111 nw heart I know Old ChMstmas loves—every faoe happy, kind, good—and you, my son. ! in the midst of it! I saw your face,"ana 1 understood. Then I crept"around. I-was, in the hall, numb and shivering, but I could , not interrupt you then. You had your arm round a lovely gir-1—yes, my eyes-were- not i tctblindbufe'L couH. seeiaira-wa&a.loFelS;, girl, and loved you as you love her. she was saying Tour father!' "'—the But. old man's lips trembled. "She thought of me, though you did not, Noel." '"Indeed—indeed she did." "And you were angry with her, aad told her I had "nothing .to do with it,' and you were your own master!" "Sir, it is all the world to me." "You have played me a scurvy trick, said Sir Joseph, solemnly, "If you allow that ?" He was ready to allow anything. "Noel," said Sir Joseph, presently, "I am ready to go down, now." Never in. his life had he thought any room looked so pleasant as that to which he then descended, llie fire had been built up afresh; the moon, albeit but a silver born, streamed in from without; chairs and tables had been rearranged, and all were waiting expectant—all but Lauiti, who was nowhere to he seen. "I think," said-Sir Joseph, looking round, "there is some one absent. ".Suppose,"' and he walked up to "the "parensfcs, who stood side bv aide, with somwhat palpitating heara, ^amnnsp 'suppose Noel \npl goes to t/i seek w t her, Jipp and :<n<1 -tell 1 ol 1 her liorhe comes with liis father's consent?" And the next'y&r; there was such a Christmas party at the Hall! And the host, slyly poking in the. ribs some one who was the life and soul of it all, whispered, ""You won't desert us this evening as you did last Christmas Day, young man, I take it?"' "I should have nowhere to go to if 1 did,"' retorted Noel, beaming on his beautiful young wife. For ttbe Cottage was deserted, and the "collateral branch" of the Hazell family having once more become fused in the parent stem, there were such revels!—but we' can imagine them all. The tend. 