Two DistlngnlAe! Exiles. Sometunes you will meet men who bring np scenes that ar^ of-th^ past^and ' tie almost forgotten. They bring up old memories—old ghosts of the past, as it were. It is but a dhort time ago that I saw Oakey Hall; in London, and what recollections of New York under the reign of - Tweed' he brought apt Those were great days for Hall, and foi men who "w^re a great deal worse than he. What a fellow of infinite jest he wasrknd what a bright gpot h6 made the Mayor's office in New "York som4 twenty years ago. The older newspar per men, ipoliticians and iheii about iown will long, remember its attractiveness. He wonld have been a rash man in those days who would .have attempted to prophecy the height in the temple of fame to which this brilliant and witty mari m^ht not climb. ' What prophet oould foresee that this • gifted and once popular man was to pass the evening of his life practically in exile' in a foreign land, leaving behind.him on the field of his early triumphs nothing but shattered ambitions. Yi£t this^wasto be. 3n.a ; sn^e31 cafe in., a somewhat unfrequefited part .ofi'aris the'" other "day 1 saw another man who recalled a case the fame of which was' world-wide. He was sitting at a table, seemingly buried in thought of a ; not pleasant character and oblivious of his. stuprotugdipgs., He had ail MteUectraal face, 1 , but on it trherte Were deep lihes that told of past sufferings. \- His longhair w»s -gtay-^-prematurely gray. His shomders'were "oeut, and there was a moody, brooding look on his face. But. he was evidently a tall man, and some years ago must have been a handsome man. As he sat at the table he'lookea like a strong mfai borne downtby the memory of ^ome great sorrow of the past. Presently he -arose. and walked jeut without looking: to the'r^gtt or the left, and then I recognized him, although it has been years since' I saw him before. It was Thecdore Tilton, . the once famous editor of the New, York Independent f But how changed. In the days of his popularity, ^ tall, srect, strong and handsome; now a broken, prematurely old man. He is doing some sort of literary work here, but no one seems to know just what it is; 'I could not but think, after seeing the man, that the scandal in which this man's life was wrecked was more than % mere scandal. It was, in fact, a tragedy. The circle-<5f the chief aqtora in it is narro\fing.~ the greatest of them is dead, so are others, among (i;hem some of the lawyers and several ' of the jury. One of the lawyers, Benjamin F. Tracy, is in thejCaJbinet of the President of the United States. Mrs. Tilton is more fortunately situated than her husbahdrfor sfte ha's'"tile company and sympathy of her children. But TJbtefdoSe Tilton Mauifts loutAJf- ttie^ way places in Paris, seeking neither friends nor friendships, a_ miserable end broken man. ' «' Ah, Jennie, T understand yon an going to marry a second husband," said Mrs. Marry well to Jennie, who had chosen _a _widowei. " Yes, but Pm a ready maid, yon know, and so the combination won't be so very had," responded Jennie. •'«Art cannot improve natnre," .said a leetprer. " If that'-s-soj" exclaimecl W anditot,' ^please tell ns how' you would look without ^bur wig. and false teeth ?" The anger of the -lecturer was drowned by the roar of laughter which followed this sally. ' " MisB -MacBean—" No, I "don't' heiieve in these isms. onceknewa man'who was sent .to prison for devoting his time -tb one Of them." Miss Jones—"What terrible laws you must have in Scotland! What was the isjn ?" " Incendiarism." , -First Parrot—" Excuse me, that is ng apple." Second Parrots-" Beg your pardon, ftls mine." Monkey—" I don't like to interfere in an argument; bnt I'must say you are both, wrong," as he stretched bdt his paw ujid ciaimed it himself. Prospective lather-in-law—"Before I conseht to yon marndng my daughter, I should like'to know if yc.b have any staying qualities - in-iasiness." Suitor-^?'. Well, I stoonld say I have. I began at the bottom of the ladderseveral years ago and I've stayed there to this;day." ' Mr. Lawlimb (a boarder)—" Mrs. Jinx, may I ask yon whether that was tea or coffee that? yon brought, me -last ^night?" Mrs. Jinks—"Why?" Mr. Xjawlimb—" I merely wahted to say, in case it was "coffee,'I wili take tea-in the fature; bnt if it was tea, 1 shtJuW prefer coQee hereafter." ' .. Spooner ^trying to play a tramp card)— ' D'you know, Miss SVaftiip, when I passed your place last evening, I heard some one singing so lovely. It was quite angelic." She —" I. was at_lhe.theatrelast night..-Mra. Gillipan and her twinB were at oar haus* visiting the cook." • _ A good story is told oi Rosenthal, the. pinnist. Silote, one of Liszt's favorite pupils, sent -Rosenthal a note announcing the birth, of,his first daughter, adding, "She is-alreadj four -weeks old, and cannot play the piano. Remarkable, isn't it ?" ~ Bosenthal replied— " Nothing remarkable about t^t. You are thirty-t- sj^and c^j't play." 5 ~f " The editor down the street," writes a Kansas editor, with withering scorn', " should go to school -during the winter- months, 1 so that he could learn something about grammar. We have seen bad writers before, bnt we have never seen one who could crowd so many grammatical erratum in- a single sentence." : She had anhurn hair and be wanted to say something very cnttinjg, so he 'Observed, " In some towns they light the streets with redheaded girls." She replied, "-That wonld never tto in your town." " Whyjaot ?" asked , .rthe yonng fellow. " Becanse : yott'd be- 'JraSf- -ging the lamp posts' all day,'a8 ~well aa half the night," was the crashing reply.' They were faJting of names. " I hate th« Maine of Smith, don't yon, Miss Ethel ?" " Indeed 1 1 do, Mr. Wallstreet. If it were rinhe I'd change it." "What tot" "To Wallstreet, perhaps, if I got the chance." And then Mr. Walls treet remembered that it was leap year, hloshed, and told Miss 33tbt! she woteld have to uk his mamma." . PEOFESSIONAL beat (to hotel pit^rie . jor)—}s there any danger of fire here) -Proprietor—Not if yoa settle fpr yom. Btmrd in advance. _ 1 : A GOOD hotel plerk will" room a stut-- toring. man and..have liLs =bavrg-.ige !se;it up.before the new;, arrival' iiits time t" teli what sort of a front' roofa lie must haVe. . .. JPAT—The^wintlys in tUi^ shop are - so dotty Oi can't see out of iliiui. Foreman—Well, why don't you raise the windows. Pat—Faith, they're so 4ortj Oi can't see out ik-» hola 