DR. PARKER ON THE DEATH OF . LADY SALISBURY. . At t'lie close of a recent Thursday morn ing's service in the City Temple, London, Dr. Parker said :-v \- We are all feeling that 'there is a gra cious opportunity for the expression of deep and tender sympathy with the Prime Minister of England in this hour of his de solation and overthrow, inasmuch as his beloved wife has been taken from his side. It is a pitiable misery. The Prime Min ister has not entered into it yet; so long as the dear i-emains are in the house there is a kind of right in them and a species of masonry and a sense of companionship, but when they are taken away and t)he old man goes 'back to his house he knows what emptiness means, and he feels si lence as he has never felt it before. We hear that Lord Salisbury is himself per sonally afflicted. I call upon you to join with me in public prayer as an expression of our sympathy and regard for a great man in the time of his severest trial. There are hours when all distinctions of creed and politics vanish away, when in deed, t'hey become intrusive and contemp tible; there are great, tender, heroic hours in 'history, when, the man is above the offi cial; there is a touch of naturewhiclhmakes the Wliole world kin. Deaith spares none. Lord Salisbury is on every ac count the foremost man in the world of statesmanship to-d'ay. He has had a great career. For myself, I have tihe fullest confidence in his intellectual capacity and in his political adminis tration; but I go beyond all such limitations when I reverently seek to be permitted .to put out my imnd m ithe darkness that I may grasp. Ms in a com mon masonry of unutterable sorrow. This congregation is representative; wt know nothing here about divisions, con teritions, and divers oppositions. For years the brother of a bishop assisted in baking the weekly offering ait this Thurs day "morning service; the 'bishop him self lias been here; we have h'ad Jtomiui Catholics, High Churchmen, Law Churchmen, Protestants, all sorts and degrees of religious conscientiousness anid conviction; and therefore it is a bold thing to appeal to you to join in a common expression. Yet in truth there is no boldness in it; for we are first men, then disputants; vre are first human, and then divided into social sitrata and classifications. Not a soul here but will swell my appeal to heaven when we desire for Lord Salisbury and his family all spiri'tuail comfort, inspiration, and courage in this midnight of desoTalfcioii and fear. Will yon thereiore kindly stand 'ur> whilst I offer a prayer: Almighty God, Thou knowest the great and the small, the old and the young; Thou knowest the universality of human loss and human grief. We would be kind to one another in the hour of loss and heartbreak. We remember those who are in great trouble; all Thy waves and billows have gone over them; yet the Lord reign eth, and the end will be right, and there shall be light and evening time, and great joy on some near to-morrow. We com- j mend to the Prime Minister of England and his household, desiring that they may ! see somewhat of Thine own view of things and be led to concur in a providence which j at this moment is nothing to them but darkness and disaster and aching heart. The Lord pity us in our low estate; the Lord show us somewhat of the brighter side of things; the Lord lead us by the Cross right up into the palace where the sufferer is the King and where the King wears the crown. May we never believe that all Thou couldst" do with Thy uni verse is to train it for death; Thou dost train it for life, progress, and immortality. This is the Gospel of Thy Son, and we believe it. Now dismiss us with Thy bles sing. May the gracc of our Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, our heavenly Father, the comfort > and consolation of the Holy Ghost, abide with us, till we know of a surety that death is swallowed up of victory. Amen. 