ThoKafflr. The writer lma seen the South African native,commonly called Kaffir, in all his vary ing phases, in his wild state, semi-civilised and wholly so. Ho has seen the native at his best and at his worst—untainted by the touch of civilisation and soiled by its prox imity. . . . The Kaffir, in his uncivilised state, is an overgrown child, with childish foibles nnd shortcomings. But let him learn the vices of civilisation, let him realise the evil there is in him, let him discover that there is a broad path leading to destruction —and you will find a fully civilised being, as capable in certain directions as is the white man. It is a fact that where the Kaffir is per mitted to dwel in primeval ignorance, with none to warn him against vices ho knows nothing about, ho romains a good Christian, even though ho is ignorant of doctrinal dis putes and the meaning of highor criticism. . . . A study of tho ICaflir la a study <Jf the human being. And what is more, ho has been giossly and shamefully mal treated. . . . Aa for the morality of tho Kaffir—that differs aecoiding to the tribe and its proximity to civilisation. Tho Zulu is eminently virtuous. Infraction of tho law of morality is punished by death. Tho culprits are placed on tho ground with their respective heads resting upon a flat stone. Then their heads are crushed with another stone. Oil the othor hand, tho Hottentot, having been a close companion of tho white man, is the moat immoral and depraved human being perhaps in existence. The Matabeles are moral, so are tho Basutos and tho Mashonaa. The Bechuanas are less so, and tho Bush men rank next to the despised Hottentots. That tho latter are as bad as stated is evident when the Zulus will not work in the same mine with one nor sleep in the same room or kraal. Nearly all the tribes, save the; Hottontots and Bushmen, are cleanly, tho ZuIub particularly so. The Zulu goes in bathing twice a day. He cleanses his teeth • with milk at sunrise and again at sunsot. All tho tribos, oven those partially civilised, belicvo in ghosts and spirits. Many worship tho spirits of the departed. Still others are fotish worshippers. Tho most advanced tribo is tho Basuto nation, in which there are fifty thousand Christians, with one hundred and forty-four schools. Strict as are the laws against tlie in discriminate selling of liquors to natives, they are yet ablo to obtain all thoy waut. And when their supply of ordinary mm and whisky runs short, thoy manufac ture the notorious "Capo Smoke." This ad diction to alcohol is the groat curse of tho Basutos, and, in fact, of every other tribe. Cape Smoke must be tasted to bo apprecia ted—provided the person thus experimenting survives. For bo it known that Cape Smoke consists of wood alcohol, red pepper and sulphuric acid. This terrible concoction is rolished by the Kaffirs as no European drink is—thoy have not yet been civilised up to the levol ot the American " mixed drink." But to return to the Basutos. For more than ono hundred years this tribo has been undergoing a process of forcible civilisation. Good men and good women have sacrificed their lives to tho noble cause. Just before tho present war began, there was a gathering of Indunas, or native priests, near the Free State border. Thousands of "Christian" natives uttonded. Two oxen were brought, into a ring formed for tho purpose. Ono of the animals was snow white, representing the British. Tho other, coal black, represen ted the Boers. With weird incantations and wild dances, these Christianised Basutos skinned tho poor oxen alive. The white ox succumbed aftov five hours of terrible agony ; the black ono lived for nearly a day and a night. The gods of tho " Christian" Basutos had answered tho oracle—the Boors would win. Tlie Kafir is a storie. With him, what is, is. I have seen a Zulu's toe crushed a rock. Calmly ho cut tho injured member oil', tied tho wound up with a rag, and then as calmly resumed work. This stoioism it is that makes the Kafir such a formidable foe. Tho natives does not know his own power—due to [numerical superiority. Arm him with inodorn weapons and you build a Franken stein, who will provo as terrible a conun drum as Mrs. Shelley's .monster. For i despite his schooling and Christianising and | civilising, tho Kafir remains a Kafir, unablo ; to forgot Ilia wrongs, and hold in leash only j through fear of tho white mail's death- dea'i i Ing weapons. Even now tho Basutos are i considering tho advisability of attacking tho I Hide that will loso in tho campaign between | the contending white men. Let tho British ho dofeated a few moro times, and even the j loyalty of the Basuto chief, Lerothodi, will J not bo able to stem tho tide. Tho only pre ) ventive of open hostility, ovon at this I' writing, is tlio parliamentary form of govern jnent of tho BaButoa. Ono word moro : the block question in South Africa will yet provo a far moro sorioua question that tho black question in tho South. And the white man nuist shoulder tho blamo, it ia his burden.— Edgar Mills in tho "Scientific Amorican." Aa sure aa tho aun sots in tho oast, » auoh'sBak ]N'a Po win: i:is better tlion yeast _ The Chief Commissioner of Police has in tiraited liia intention of doing his best to dis courage the practice of carrying lifo preaorvors on tho part of tho police. Ho considers that the ordinary baton ia auflieiont protection for o policoman. Ho is also opposed to tho use Pi tho hajldcufl's as a weapon, 