What We Do and What We Don't Believe. THE BIBLE— WHAT IS IT? I. The word Bible is derived from the Greek word 'Bibloa,' which means book, or rather from the plural of that Greek word, viz., 'Biblia' (books). Hence jn English we call the sacred book 'The Bible,' i.e., tho book, for it is the book par excellence, the book of books. In dignity and great mobs, in tho respect in which it is held, it exceeds all other books. We cannot, there fore, designate it by any more appropriate name than ' The Bible'— the book. The work ?' Testament ' ie also applied to the Bible. This, likewise, is derived from a Greek word which signifies a ' covenant ' or agreement. Tho old law was, at it were, a covenant or agreement between God and his chosen people — the Hebrews or Israelites. Hence the sacred Scriptures of the old law — all tho inspired book* written before Christ -two call the Old Testament. The now law, i.e., the Christian luw or new dis pensation, is called tho New Testament. As applied to sacred Scriptures the NW Testament consequently comprises ?,, what we call tho Gospels and Epistles, the AotB of the Apostles and tho Apocalypse of St. John. These we can procure at any Catholic bookseller's, bound in a soparat.o volume, styled the ' New Tes lament.' We sometimes hear a preacher, when inculcating; some duty or defending a point of doctrine, say that his argument ip clearly supported by texts of Soripture in the Old and in theJNew Testament, By tho former he means or oourse the inspired books written before tho coming of Christ ; and by tho latter those written since Christ was on earth. Taking the Bible then as a whole, what practically does it mean to U3 ; how shall wo define it? We might simply, and oor reotly, aay the Bible is saored scripture— 'tis that part of revelation that has been oommittod to writing by men who were in spired by tho Holy Ghost. The Bible is sometimes defined to be 'that Book which is made up of tho sacred writings that have been aeoeptod by tho Church as of Divine origin and authority, whether theso writ ings aro in the language in which they wero written or in some other language into which they have been translated.' Clearly then the Bible is not moroly one book written by one person, at one period or date, in one and thn name language, and addressed to one individual. No ; tho Bible is rather a collection of separate books (72 in all, 45 in the Old and 27 in the New Testament). 'Tis, of course, ovidont that fclieap wore wribton by different persons and at difforont times, ranging from about 1500 years before Christ till tho end of the firdt century of the Christian Era ; thus covering, Bay a period of .1000 years. Nor wero these religious books written in the same lan guage, for four distinct; languages wereuBed, viz.,, Hebrew, Ohaldaio, Syro-'Ohnldaio and Greek. Generally speaking the Old Testament was nearly all written in Hebrew, and the New Testament was all written in Greek, exoept St. Matthew's Gospel, whioh1 was written in Syro-Chaldaio. Finally a cursory glance at the Bible will show that tho sepa rate books composing it were written with various object's and to difforont persons and peoples in difforont plaoos. Pain is neoossary to hollnosn, Suffering is osRontlal to tho killing of solf- love. When appetite prevails over reason tho first stop to make the glutton and drunkard is taken. , At SS, Peter and Paul's Cathedral, Goul burn, Monday morning last Miss B, Malonoy, seoond daughter of Mra, 0, Mnloney, of Auburn- Btroet, waB married to Mr. T. J, Flaherty, of Mr. P. D. Ley no's drapery establishment, tho officiating olorgyman being the Rov, Father Leonard, The bride, who was given away by her brother, Mr, E, J. Malonoy, was prettily attlrod in a fawn ooat and Hklrt with a oronm vest and hat to matoh. She was aooompanied by hor sister, Mii/a R. Maloney, who wore navy blue lustre, trimmed with white satin and hat to matoh. They both oarriod bouquets and the bridesmaid also wore a gold broooh, giftB of tho bridegroom, Mr, A, Bovan noted ns boot man. After the ceremony a largo number of friends eat) down to a wod riing breakfast, whloh was served at Mrs, Maloney'a, and tho usual toasts wore pro posed and honoured, Mr, and Mra, Flaherty loft by tho 11,20 train for Sydney and Llth* gow, Tho bride's travelling ooBtumo waa of myrtle groon with toque to match. The wodding prooouts were numerous and olo ganti 