iSMO-RT STOR Y- THE SURREE AT MAHON'S. Faw people, I think, can ever have been impressed by the liveliness of little Killy meen, set in its nook among the lonesome moantain and moorland, its one humble street joining the nucleus of a sparse cabin sprinkling which strews white flocks on the far-sweeping green folds, hardly pleatier than hailstones on a grass plot half a Bonny honr aft<r a July thunder-storm. Tet to Bridge Doran, tho girl who had lately taken aervioe with the Oaseya up at the Qaarry Farm, it seemed a centre of fashion and gaiety, being, indeed, the most considerable place she had seen in all her seventeen I ears. For they had been spent up at looghdramesk, a hamlet fully ten miles deeper among the wildest town-lands, with only a rough cart traok, threading a blaok bog, and climbing endless shaggy slopes, and dropping over a purple mountain shonlder, to oonneot it with Millymeen. She had left behind there, three months ago, her feeble old grandfather and alert old grandmother, in a tiny, high- perched oabin, whioh felt a world too wide for its other in- dwellers, when this third of their lives had gone. And sinee then there had been much travelling of thoughts to and fro between it and the Cays' prim, whitewashed farm- honso at the foot of Slieve Glasarna. At first Bridget had made the jonrney as con stantly as her grandmother ; bat she waB yonug and bnsy, and in a new place, and as the weeks went on she became more pre- oceupied with what lay immediately before Jur. The Surree at Malion'e, fixed for a day in Christinas week, was tho most exoiting of tho fresh prospeots that unfolded themselves, and was looked forward to with much pleased interest by Killymeen at large. There had been no surroes in the neigh bourhood doring a long Bpell of bad times ; hnt this year matters were looking brighter, and old Barney Makon, who had a thrifty turn and a commodious kitohen, was -anconraged to make a venture whioh pro mised tair profits at a small risk. For a suree— whioh has, with quaint effect, bor rowed its name from polite Frenoh — is a sort of subscription danoo, little more elaborate in its arrangements than are the haleys, or oonversazionos, that beguile so many wintry hoars in Donegal homes when -all the dark ont-of -doors hurtles and plashes with wind and rain, and the neighbours drift into their places round some appointed hearth as promiaouoosly as a wreath of dry leaves swept, rustling, together by an aerial -eddy. At a ourree each couple pay a shil ling, but no refreshment is expected save frugally-dispensed tea; and the fiddler is aentent to sorape for a modest fee and his chances of small coins from the dancers. Dark Hngh Mcbvoy, being Barney's cousin, was willing to supply tne music for this occasion on specially easy terms ; and, in short, eironmstanees oonspired to make it seem desirable that Barney should meet the oiten expressed wishes of his younger friends by announoing the first suree of the -season. It would be Bridget's first taste of any formal dissipation, and Hose Casey, her master's niece, and Kate Dnffy, his plough man's daughter, who lived in the yard, set -her expectation on tiptoe extremely by their accounts of like entertainments. Katie and she were' to go togethor, as it is the custom to attend snrrees in couples. These oiten are formed of a colleen with the boy who is 'spaking' ' to her, but often also a brother and sister make a pair, or any other two friends. Bose Casey was to marry Peter O'Donoghue at Shrovetide, so Bbe would, of course, go with him— a fact of whioh she made a little parade to Bridget, who felt, however, perieotly content with .Kate's esoort. A sweetheart of her own would have seemed, indeed, an alarming possession: Her mistress had advanced her a out of her quarter's wages — a whole pound — aud she had expended the sixpenoe left, after securing her admission to the surree, upon a splendid red glass broooh, whioh made her think her equipment very oomplete. But just when everything seemed gliding most smoothly towards the delightful goal, -an obstacle cropped up and threatened to overthrow all her plans with one disastrous jolt. On a certain frost-spangled morning the posti""1 brought to Bridget a letter whose contents agreed with her wishes as ill aa a danh of vinegar wonld have done with the thiok cream whioh she was ohurn- ing when the mail arrived. Her grand- mw wrote to saythat 4 she thought bad of Bidy to be trampin' the long way her lone from Killymeen to their plaoe, and that old Billy Mollcy was slippin' over wid his pony and a gatherin of eggs to the Maga- more on next Thursday morning, and 'ud give her a lift if she'd start along wid him when he wonld be goin' back. So Biddy had a right to ax lave of her mistress, and -come home wid onld Bill, who'd torn a bit eat of hiB way to piok her up ; and real lad they'd be to set eyes on her again.' For Utb Casey had promised Biddy her ehoioe of three days in Christmas week to -spend at home, dairy work being slaok. Bridget had looked forward to the holiday with a glow of pleasure, and meant to- take it on the Friday, whioh would be Christmas Bve, and the day after the Burree. But her grandmother's in jurotion was not compatible with this arrangement:. < gore I'd miss all the fun and everythin' Jf I took off and went wid onld Bill. I wish he and his baste of an ngly skewbald ud keep themselves oat of bother' when -they aren't wanted,' she said, half-orying, to her friends Bose and Kate, as she Bhowed them the letter in the kitohen. Mnsha, good graoions 1 said Bose. 'Ton wouldn't ever think of going P Jost bid the onld man step along wid himself, and say you'll oome on Friday.' ' But me grandmother 'd be rale vexed if I done that, and he after going out of his ! road to ok 11 for mo,' said Bridget, doubt fully. ' Well, then,' said Kate. 4 you might write and teil her not to send him. This is on'y Tuesday ; there's plenty of time ; and I've a stamp in me box this long while you're welcome to. 4 Ay, to be sure,' said Bose : ' and say mo aunt can't spare you oonvanieut afore Friday.' Bat,' Baid Bridget, looking disoonoertod, ' I'm after sending her word be Jndy Fiynn that I'd got lave to oome any day at all this week.' 'Oh, botheration to it!' said Bose. ' Then say yon're too bad wid a could, and oouldn't be thravelling that far. Bedad, I heard you coughing this morning fit to fall in pieoes like a head of the witherdy geranium there. Morebetoken the red one in the windy oorner's dhropping itself into the pan of buttermilk wheie you've set it, you'd better be movin' it out of that.' 'I have a heavy oould on me, sure enough,' said Bridget, coughing to convince herself; but her disoonoertod expression remained, and she fidgeted about uneasily. 'For the matter of writing'— she said— 1 you see the time I was getting me sohoolin' I did be mostly minding the sheep— and I oan make some sort of an offer at tne read ing, if it'a wrote pretty big— bat writing oneself is quara nigglety work.' ' Meroy on us, girl alive, if that's all ails you, I'll write a letter for you meseli lu a minuit and a half,' Bald Bose, with alacrity. ' Bedad will I. Sore, I've wrote to Peter times and again, when - he was stopping away at Manohester. So don't bother your head abont it ; lave the regulation of it all to me. I've plinty of paper miself, and Kate 'ill give her stamp.' Bridget agreed to this plan, though not without some qualms of conscience, whioh made her refrain guiltily from inquiring about the details of its execution, thereby giving Bose a free hand, of whioh Bhe availed herself without muoh soruple. She had an imaginative tarn of mind, and a taste for fiotion, so her story grew under her Boraiohing pen, until in the end she pro duced a letter purporting to oome not from Bridget, but from herself, and describing Bridget's indisposition as not a simple cold, bat an attack of plussery- newmoney. Tins formidable complaint would hinder her from returning with Bill Molioy. 4 Bat she'll oome,' wrote Bose, 'as Boon as ever she's able. And that won't be afore Friday, anyway, if she overs it at all.' The last olause struok her as giving an effeotive completeness to the composition, and Bhe read it over with a complacency whioh did not take into aooount how it might be spelled out in the bleak little hillside oabiu off away at Longhdrumesk. The evening of the sorree arrived in due course, and with it a flatter of snow, swirling on rough and unruly blasts. Silver- white threads and Btitohes had beguu to embroider the purple folds of Slieve Glasarna before the mists descended muff ling and blurring ; and the paths ornnohed crisply under brogues, and made cold olutohes at bare feet by the time that the neighbours were approaohing Barney Mahon's door. They remarked to one another that it was hardy weather, and added that they were apt to have it severe, whioh is some degrees worse than hardy. Few people, however, had been daunted into staying at home, and there was muoh nhnklng of powder flakes oct of shawl-folds and off rough coat-sleeves at the entranoe to Barney's dustily-fliokering room. When Bose and Kafo and Bridgec got there, whioh they did as .jon as ever they ooold finish ' reading up' after tea, most of the company had assembled, and dancing was abont to begin. Bose's temper was somewhat raffled because Peter O'Donoghue had not kept his promise of coming to esoort her. Bat bis sisters now hastened to explain how he had been delayed by the sadden illness of their oaif . 4 Howaneer, the baste was coming round finely when they left,' they reported, and Peter wonld be after then in no time. So his fiancie was appeased, and contented herself provision ally with Larry Sullivan for a partner. 4 Faix, now, it's only an odd torn the rest of us boys- gets wid yon these times,' he Baid to nor gallantly, as the fiddler Btrack np. ' Ne'er a chance we have at all, unless when the luok keeps him that's luokier away.' Do not suppose that the sorree danced jigs. Later on in the evening a couple might stand np and perform one while the others were recovering their breath ; but at the outeet it was a vigorous round danoe that began to gyrate with a step whioh, though perhaps not recognised in any aoademy, kept time to Hugh's music with mnoh aconraoy, and made light of the difficulties opposed by an uneven mad floor. The orookery on the dresser jingled merrily to th8 rhythmical beat of their feet, and eaoh pair of bobbing heads that passed in front of it might be seen to make an abrupt dip down and up again. This was caused by an mrasually deep hollow whioh occurred in that part of the floor, and Barney Mahon, looking on with the elders from their oirole round the hearth, observed it, and Baid, 4 Begob, I must see to having that houle filled np before next time, or else somebody 'ill be tripping up in it, and getting a qaare toss.' The other spectators sat well content with their share of the entertainment. Pan- gentiy-pnffing outtie pipes solaoed the men, and tne women kept their knitting needles twinkling ; in foot, they would almost aa soon havo left off breathing by way of net and relaxation. For further amusement they had the affairs of the country-side to disooss, enlivened with an oooaaional anecdote or riddle' Dan Goligher had just propounded one of the latter, whioh snooess. fully puaaled everybody who had not heard it before — 1 A brown lough Wid a white stand, Sorra the ship oould sail round it, Bat I could hold it in me hand ' ; and he was triumphantly explaining, 4 Sore, a oap of tay,' when two people oame bolting in at the door, whioh they forthwith began to secure behind them, as eagerly aB if thoy were shotting out some deadly peril. They said nothing, bnt their speeohlesB harry was more suggestive than words 4 Whetnen now, Peter O'Donoghue and Ned Kinsella, what's took you at all to be flouncing in on the people that a-wayf' said Barney Mahon, somewhat affronted at their unceremonious entranoe end dealings with his fastenings and furniture. 4 That's a great onld slamming of the door you have — and what for wonld ye be jamming the benoh again it, unless you're intending the next body that oomee through it to bo breaking his shins f ' 4 Troth, I only hope it may— and its aeok, too— between as and harm— if it's offering to come in on us— I do so,' said Peter O'Donoghue, panting. He left hisoomrade to finish barricading the door, and pushed himself further into the room, until several groups interposed between him and the dangerous point. 4 After us it may be this minyit of time,' he said. 'Ooh, but that was the quare fright I got— the saints look down upon ns this night.' 4 It's herself below at the ould gate to night,' said Ned Kinsella, who was oalmar than Peter, though evidently muoh alarmed. 4 Aud morebatoken it's not inside she is this night, bnt sitting oronohed up on the bank be the path- And the grab she made at Peier going by; indeed, I thought he'd never get his eoat tail wrenohed oat of her onld hand.' 4 It might as well have been oanght in a rat trap the way she held on,' said Peter. ' I give yon me word, me hair'a standing on end yet, fit to rise me hat off the roof of me head, what wid that and the onnathdral soreeohes she let— I wonder yon didn't hear them here. And it's my belief she set off legging after as— goodness preserve ns! only I was afraid of me life to look ronnd and see.' These tidings spread general consternation among the company, aa, under the oiroum- atanoes, they well might do. For only a few hundred yards down the loaning lay an anoient burying ground, with its rained unapel and weed entangled tombstones, a a plaoe whose ghoBtly reputation had long been established at Killymeen. In parti cular the wraith of a little old woman was often to be seen of an evening peering out through the rusty gate bars, and sometimes streiobing forth a fearsome hand to pluok at the unwary passer-by. But her appearance out on the roadside was a new development, and one whioh made Peter and Ned'B report unpleasant hearing for people who would presently be obliged to take that route home. The danoe oame to a standstill, and in its stead a series of dismal ghost-stories began to oirole round the room. Perhaps the most gruesome of them was Niotr Cardan's. He related how he had onoe lived in a plaoe where there was in the middle of the yard a deep well, out of whioh on certain moonlit nights a dark figure would emerge, and go gliding round and round it, making a wider and wider cirouit, until she reached the house, at whose door she rapped loudly as she passed by. And whenever that happened there wonld be a death in the family before the twelvemonth was oat, as sore as fate. A general shudder followed this denouement, and old Mrs. Linders made a partionlar application of it by remarking gloomily that it was a poor ease to have the likes of suoh orathnra about ; but Mrs Coleman, a oomely matron, who continued to sit by the fire unperturbed, said plaoidly, in a pause, 4 Sorra a bit of harm there is in it this night, I'm a-thinkin'. If the lads seen anythin', it's apt to ha jost been some poor body after missing her way in the snow.' 4 Troth and bedad, then it was the quare body altogether,' Peter asseverated, and tb hair of the head, as I was telling you, bristling straight wid the dhrea 1 of her tbe first minyit I oome nigh the plaoe.' 4 Ah, sure, some people's as ready at that as a dog at oooking his ears,' said Joey Nolan. 4 Maybe we'd a right to go look is there e'er a one in it. Some orathur might be straying about perishing, and it snowing again aR thiok a9 sheep's wool.' ' Begor, you won't persuade me to go fooling along wid you,' said Peter; 'I couldn't be getting ma h> els one of it faat enough. May the saints have me Howl, bnt I thought I'd lose me life afore ever I landed inside — and here I'll stop. Nobody need be axin' me, for divil a fat I'll dir.' Good people are soaroe,' Joe observed, sarcastically ; bnt Peter went on in a hilf- oomplaoent tone . ' One while it '11 be aiore I'm the better of that frightening I sot. Every mortal bit of me in a thrimble wid it yet.' 4 Musba then, you gaby, oan't yon whisht abont it, instead of to bo telling everybody the sort of ould polthroon you are ?' Bose Casey whispered to him fiercely, ready to ory with mortification as she saw significant smiles passing round at the expense of her happily unoonsoions betrothed. As die spoke the door resounded with a: heavy thump, whioh made those who were standing nextto it hop baok with a scarcely dignified haste. Some of tbem tried & carry it off by pretending that they were merely getting oat of one another's way, while some shrieked nnfeignedly, and above all ejaculations rose Peter O'Donoghue's voioe, shrill with nndissembled terror, saying : ' Oh, to goodness, don't open it for yonr lives. Ban that other form it, yon that are widin raiob. Meroy be among us, she's apt to have as all destroyed.' 4 Arrah now, will yon be letting as in oat of that, yon jackasses, yonP' shouted a voioe reassuringly familiar and irato. It was young Larry Sullivan, who had slipped oat through tbe baok door a few minutes before, and whose impatience at being kept waiting had nothing supernatural about it. Despite Peter's remonstranoos, the door was thrown open,- and disclosed Larry standing tall against a baok- gronnd of glimmering white, in a gloom whioh, when yon looked into it anywhere steadily, grew fall of wandering flakes like soattered breadorumba. Beside him appeared a smaller figure, whom he pulled indoors along with him, before anybody well had time for terrifio surmises, and whom the firelight showed to be a little old woman wrapped up in a powdered brown shawl. She was breathless and bewildered and forlorn-looking, bb she peered ronnd from face to faoe, all Btrange, all oomfortless —bnt no ; for the moment Bridget Doran set eyes on her Bhe sprang at her and oanght her in a great hug : Why, granny, darlint, and is it yonrself ? she said. And how at all did yon oome this night in the snow P It's kilt you are entirely. You oan't ever ha' oome wid onld Bill Molioy P' 4 Ah, honey, I thramped it,' said old Mrs Doran. 4 Sore 1 oonldn't rest aiay thinking me little Biddy was took that bad away all her lone among the strange people. But finely yon're looking, glory be to goodness. 'Deed, now me heart's been fit to break fretting ever since I got the letter this morning, saying that belike yon wouldn't over it.' 4 And I to be daueing round like a zany faetwitohed, and yon all the white streeling through the snow,' said Bridget, with aoute remorse. «lt's sorry I ami let anybody send yon snoh owld lies. 4 Bat'— looking indignantly at Bose— 4 1 only said to say that I had a coald.' 4 And I lost me way in the dark,' went on Mrs Doran, plaintively, ' and what at all I'd havo done, I dunno, only for the daoint boy coming ; for nought else the other two 'ud do bat let yells at me, and ran away like soared turkeys.' 4 Creeping along under the high bank she was, the orathur, when I met her,' Larry meanwhile was telling the others, ' and soaroe able to oontind wid the blasts of the win'. And sez Bhe to me : 4 For the love of God jost 8 top to tell me a in I anywheres near the Casey's house' And Bez I to her : 4 Is the Qaarry Farm yon're wanting P' and sez she to me, ' Ay, it's where me poor Katey's little daughter, Bridget Doran is in service, and dying wid some manner of out landish sickness ; it is to her X am going, sez Bhe. So sez i to her, If it was Bridget Doran Bhe was wanting, I'd seen the girl three minyits ago, and ne'er a sign of dying on her whatsomever,' and I jaet . brought her along here. It is perished and stupid the orathur is wid the oould. You'd a right to get her a oap of hot tay, and a warm at the fire,' oonolnded Larry, there upon bestirring himself to superintend the carrying out of this prescription. a little later he prompted his mother to offer Mrs Doran a night's lodgings at their house olose by, thus entailing upon themselves more hospitality than they had foreseen. For of the Sorree at Mahon's all's well that ends well ooold not quite bs said, as some of the guests were disposed to say prematurely when the assembly was break ing np. To begin with, old Mrs Doran had oanght a very bad onill daring her snowy wanderings, and now had a severe illness whioh endangered her life, and obliged Bridget to pay many an anxions and oonsoienoa-Btrioken hour as a fee for her deceptive letter, while a difference whioh she had F.ext morning with Bose Casey about the unauthorised mendacity of its contents led to a permanent eooling down qf their friendship. Moreover, Bose, on the very same day, npoke in saoh scathing terms to Feter O'Donoghue with reference to his panic on the night before, that even hiB impenetrable self -satisfaction was touohed, and a violent falling oat ensued. The oonseqaeno 3 was that no wedding took plaoe at Shrovetide ; and the last time I had news from Killymeen 4 there was no talk of it at all,' so the breaoh may be con sidered final. In faot, it is commonly sap- posed that he has some notionof transferring his attentions to Bridget Doran. Bat I happen to know that the only one among the boys she thinks of is Larry S alii van, whom she always remembers gratefully as the reBcaer of her grandmother. Whereas, if Larry fancies anyone, it is Kite Daffy. Whence it appoars that some rather oom- plioated cross-currents in the stream of life flowing through Killymeen have started from this Surree at Mahon's. Birds learn their songs when very youngj and it is thought, that 4 bird melodies ' are handed dowu from generation to generation and perpetuated through the faculty of imi tation. In France, when a oonviot is sentenced to death, the day of his exeoution is not named in his hearing, and he knows not when he is to bo led forth until within fifteen minutes of the fatal moment. Printed in New Booth Wales. 