'The Secret of the Princess. (By Mrs. SUTHERLAND EDWARDS.) CHAPTER II. The following morning the whole household was up and about very much as usual. The Princess did not appear at breakfast, where the con- versation turned naturally upon the events of the previous night.? The French governess. Molle Lefort, de- clared that she had not closed her eyes all night, that all the denizens of the forest must have been running wild, howling and roaring beneath her win- dow, and she vowed that she could not pass another night in the house unless she had some one to sleep in her room. Sergius assured her that she had probably heard the howling of wolves, a frequent sound in winter, especially a severe winter like the present, when the poor creatures were starved out of the woods into the high roads. There, he said, he waited for the prey in the shape of some heavily-laden horse, whose driver had wrapped himself up in his fur cap and sheep-skip coat, and fallen asleep under piles of warm wraps on the top of his load of grain, or some other product of the field, on the way to the market. "Oh, how terrible!" replied Molle, Lefort. "Andt do these savage crea- tures eat the man, horse, and grain all at once?" "Not exactly,"- replied Sergius, with a smile. "The wolf seldom attacks a man unless it happens to, be very hungry, and to be accompanied more- over by numbers of other wolves. They are good tacticians, and would make capital soldiers. When they are in large numbers they usually disperse into groups of three or four, and ap- pear at little distances from each other all along the road upon which they propose to commnence operations. They begin by attacking the horses, and fly at their nostrils. The poor animals become instantly helpless, and unable to move. But a pistol shot will often drive the wolves away, or even a single howl from the driver: while the two together will put to fligt is many as half-a-dozen. When they appear in larger numbers they become formidable enemies both to horse and man." "Then that must have been the pis- tol shot I heard last night," remarked Molle Lefort, "No, Mademoiselle!" said Princess Marie, who had hitherto remained silent and rather preoccupied. "It was probably something much more tragic than a stray shot to frighten off starving wolves. My mother's maid told me she thoulght it must be poor Anton trying to maim himself to avoid the conscription. He had offended my father in some way, and made sure the Princess would put his name down in the list of these who were to draw lots and the.howling was neither that of wolves, nor of bears, nor of any other wild animals. It was the wailirg of Rachels weping for their children. Last night was the night of the conscription." "My mother," interposed Nellie, "in her distress had quite forgotten the sorrow that was hanging over these poor people, or she would have post- poned our arrival here. She was her- self very much alarmed last evening, and passed a bad night in conse- quence. She begs Mademoiselle, you will proceed at once with Marie's va- rious studies. I shall go and practise my music. I believe we shall have Nicholas Rubinstein in the spring, that is, if my mother can induce him to come so far from town." "Have you seen Pan Tarnowski this imornintg, Sergius?" inquired. Princess Marie. "No." replied. Sergius; 'I am not so fond of the society of my tutor as you seem to be I must give the poor man time to swallow his breakfast. When do you have your mathematical lesson to day?" "At four, as usual," said Marie. "and I am going to do Latin as well with Pan Tarnowski." "Well you do astonish me," replied Sergius; "it seems so out of keeping with your character, Marie. French novels, music, singing, and dancing are much more in your line; not to speak of dress. By-the-bye, what do you think of Mr. Shepeloff said about you the other day? He said you were the belle of Moscow. Your ovalface, dark almond-slhaped eyes, and raven locks were not to be matched in all Russia, and your tall, soft, rounded figure was simply superb; while as to the poetry of your movements in walking and dancing, it was positively divine! But you must not think too much of what he says. You know he is a maniac specially in Anglo-manic--and cap- able of any exaggcrtion. A fellow- student and myself called upon him the evening before we left town; His man said he was at home, and showed is in, but we could not see him any- where, till at last a voice came from under the table, on which was lying an edition of Shakespeare. We en- quired what he was doing on the ground, when he replied that he had been. overwhelmed and crushed by Shaklespeare's genius! So you under- stand, my beautiful sister, how much the opinion of such a mad fanatic is worth. Doon't let it turn your head. But I am off now to bring back my dreamy, sentimental tutor from the fantastic realms to the stern realities of our humdrum life at Dubrovina. I will tell you more about the wild beasts of our country another time, Mandamnoiselle Lefort." After Nellie had left her mother's room thePrincess got up, put on her dressing gown. and went straight to the windows where she saw the hole left by the pistol shot. Then she opened the ventilator, and looked out. On the snow were a few drops, of blood distinctly to be seen. There were also footmarks and close to the was visible signs that some heavy weight had rested upon and crushed down the snow. Then it was no fabrication of her mind, it was a reality. She asked her self whether she had involuntarily de- prived a human creature of life. No one must know anything about it, above all Nellie. Never must she know that her mother had these drops of blood upon her conscience. She rang the bell for her maid and dressed in silence. Then, in accordance with her orders of the previous, day, the stasrosta (elder) came to give her an acconnt of all that had been done during the last quarter and particularly during the previous evening. She had to receive a full report of the crops sold; what fields. hald been sown; the number of sheep and cattle on the estates; which peasants had dlone well; which had re- quired a loan of grain or money to re- place a dead horse or cow; how many huts needed new roofs or rebuilding altogether; who it was time should marry and have a separate field. The Prininess, would henceforth enter into all these wants. herself. She was strict, but at the same time conscien- tious and kind. Her peasants were the best cared for, her estate.the best cultivated, in the whole district. She tried to carry out the plans of her late husband; and it was afterwards said that the people were even happier under her rule than under his. De voted to art, he had spent large sums on pictures, and far less than she did upon the estate. His collection con- tained many fine works, and by such masters as Paul Veronese and Titan- Holbein and Vandyke; with many others. He was supposed to have fallen in love with his wife from her strong resemblance to a head by Greuze; only that she was more intellectual-look- ing. 'The Princess was fond of books, and had a good knowledge of English and French as well as Russian literature. In the evening her favourite amuse- ment was to read aloud—a habit she had acquired during the late Prince's protracted illness; and being very par- ticular as to what books she gave her children, she would omit all such pas- sages as appeared to her too effusive, too course, or in any way unbecoming for the ears of her young audience. This supervision caused much irrita- tion to the young Princesses. It must in fairness be added that it was exer- cised much less strictly over works of English authors of the day, than over novels and tales of French origin. But to retun to the starosta. En- tering the study where the Princess awaited him, he stopped as he passed the threshold of the door, and made the sign of the cross. He then bowed to the east, and afterwards to his mis- tress, and stood upright, fur cap in hand, waiting for her to address him. "Well, Stepan," said the Princess, "how are you, and how are all our people?" "Glory be to (God, we are all pretty well. We all wish you, barinia, good health and Iong life, as well as to the (young Princesses and the Prince, our young barin.". "Have you heard yet which of the peasants have been taken as re- cruits?" "'No, your Highness." "I hope you did not include Anton among the first, three. I hope you kept him back till the very last. His mother has only one more son, and he is a mere boy yet." "Anton, my lady, took the matter into his own hands, and disappeared during the night, though he was one of the watch placed to guard the manor house. He is a discontented, lazy fel- low, and gives much trouble in the village. He would make a better sol- dier than any of those sent off last night, and would always be able to add to his scanty pay in the army, being a landy sort of Jack-of-all-trades. He is a carpenter, plumber, glazier, and bootmaker; in fact, can do anything you like to put him to. I heard this morning that he had returned again to his hut, and had the impudence to tell somebody in the village that he was the possessor of some secret which could open the doors of the manor house to him at any moment, and even the door of your own private apartment. But he is such a liar, barinia, no one pays the least atten- tion to what he says, continued Step- an, who did not observe the agitation his mistress was trying to conceal. Then stroking slowly his long brown beard with his hand, and look- ing stolidly at the Princess, after a few moments hesitation, he added: "I don't know if I ought to mention it to your Highness?" "Mention what?" asked the Princess hurriedly. "Go on faster, Stepan; speak a little faster." Then, in her agitation, she rose and came a little nearer to him, and, un- consciously lowering her voice to a whisper, repeated as she approached him: "Go on, good Stepamn, tell me what it is you have heard? Was it anything concerning me?" she enquired, re- membering the fatal shot. "No your Highness, not you, but your brother—the same who freed his serfs some twenty years ago, and then himself lost his liberty." "Yes, yes, Stepan, my poor mis- guided brother, who, after conspiring againist his anointed Majesty, Nikolai Pavlovitch, was led away by the in- fluence of his hot-henaded conipanions to raise insusgents amongst his own easantry, where they knew he would find many followers. He was yonng then; he had just left the university, and in those days was easily influ- enced for good or evil. But what of him, Stepan?" concluded the Princess. "The same your Highness. I mean Prince Pavel Sergueitch. It was. rumoured two years ago that he was dead, while others declared he was still shut up in the fortrecs of Peter and ,Paul at Petersburg." "Well, well, Stepan, but what of him now ?" "Well, Princess, in the village it is whispered, and believed, that his ghost was seen last night, accompanied by another—rest be to their souls"—said Stepan, crossing himself devoutly by way of self-preservation from any- thing so uncanny. "But probably An- ton invented the story, for he is cap- able of any falsehood, even about Prince Pavel, to whom he professed such devotion. "Yes, he comes from my poor brother's estate on the Don, or rather from the estate which once was his; before the property was sequestrated. Here, at any rate, we are all, I hope, loyal subjects of our father the Tsar, And remember, Stepan, the young Prince Sergius must hear nothing about his uncle. Young men, you know, are easily led away, and it would break my heart if my son were to follow my brother's bad example. The youth of the present generation, in all the various stations of life, are inclined to be carried away by wild notions of liberty, whether it be the son of the serf or of the noble. You roust keep a strict, watch over your young men in the village, just as I do over mine at home." "I hear, and will obey," replied Stepan, "to the best of my ability; and please, your nobility, Anton gave me a letter to deliver into your own hands, if my lady will deign to re- ceive it. He got the village priest to write it at least so he says. It is a petition, I believe, to be allowed to go and work at Moscow on an obrok" (i.e., a money payment in lieu of task work); and, thrusting his hand be- neath the thick folds of the bright coloured woollen sash encircling his loose cloth caftan, under which he wore a short, tightly-fitting sheep-skin coat, he pulled out a crumpled enve- lope, and, handing it with a humble bow, retired a couple of steps back wards. The Pirincess took it hurried- ly, and at a glance recognised the handwriting of her unhappy brother, who had been in prison for so many years. She had not seen his face since she was a child, but his handwriting she had often seen. He had been in the habit of writing to ask her for books which latterly he had been allowed to receive in his cell. But this letter did not come through the usual channel. It had come thorugh one of her peasants. What could it mean especinlly in connec- tion with this report about the ghost? "Stepan," she said, you may go now; but I want a glazier sent here some time before the evening. Let Anton come, since you say he call do that kind of work." Bowing humnbly, Stepan withdrew, wondering why his mistress had fixed upon Anton for the job. CHAPTER III. Pan Tarnowski a tall, slim young man, with large brown eyes and hair cropped short, and standing erect like the bristles of a hedgehog, came glid- ing along the parquet floor with a careless but haughty swing in his gait. not at all suggestive of the poor student about to give a pupil a lesson in mathematics or Latin. His car rigc was much more than that of the gay young man of good society—to which, indeed, he belonged by birth. He claimed, in common with so many of his poor compafroits, to be a son of some distinguished Polish house. His ancestors had bled and died for their country, and he was ready to do the same, should it be required of him. But at present there was no question of dying. On the contrary, he had the prospect of spending an hour and, a half very pleasantly in the company of a charming young lady whom he admired immensely. It is true her governess would be present; but Tar- nowski possessed the art of making himself agreeable to two or even more ladies at the same time. "How good of you to be so punc- tual!" exclaimed the Princess Marie, as he entered her elegantly-furnished study, where she was seated by her desk with books, paper, and pens—all in readiness for the last half-hour. "I did not care to come sooner,"' he replied, bowing with a creless grace which was natural to him. "Made moiselle. Lefort. I hope I see you well," he said, impressively addressing that cheerful little French lady, whose beaming eyes responded to the admir- ing glances he cast upon her as he slid into the chair nearest Marie. "Ma foi, Monsieur. Tarnowski, I was frightened last night," (To be Continued.) 