THE"WHITFLADY-' A Berlin correspondent writes: We have not heard of the famous ' White Lady' of the Oaitle of Berlin for a long time, and a very good thing too, erery loyal Prussian will say, tor her appearance, according to a legend of the Prussian Royal family, always forbodes the death of Bome member of the House of Hohenzollern. A few weeks ago, however, a lacquey attached to the Imperial Court was summarily dismissed for averring that he had Been her. Funnily enough, a snb-lfeuteaant who;happened to be on duty declared that he too had seen the dreaded spectre walking along one of the corridors of the castle, and he informed his colonel, who put him through hie facings, and cross-examined him in the most serious and polite manner possible, himself thinking the incident extremely uncanny. The apehot of the cross examination was that the gallant colonel could get no satisfactory information or explanation out of bis subaltern, so he ended by believing his story, Sverybody at Court began talking about the re-appearance of the 'White Lady,'and so the Kaiser got to hear of it. His Majesty is not a man to let himself be befooled, so he sent for the lieutenant. The terrified subaltern entered the Imperial presence chamber more trembling than when he saw the ghost; his Majesty, however, took no notice of his quivering lips, and treated the matter jocularly at once, The following interrogatory ensued:— **iser: What was the lady like 1 Was she tall or short ? Lieutenant: She was tall, your Majesty. Eaiser: How was she dressed 1 Lieutenant; She wore a white petticoat, your Majesty, with a white bodice, and she had a white cap on her head—a long white veil flowing over all, This seemed circumstantial enough, so that the Eaissr began to think there must be something interesting at the back of the story. His Majesty continued, after the briefest possible pause: Was she carrying anything f Lieutenant: Oh, yes, your Majesty. Kaiser: What did ahe have in her right hand? Lieutenant: A candlestick. Kaiser ; And what was in her left hand ? I ieutenant; A box of matches. This quite did for Kaiser Wilhelm, whose sense of humor was immediately tickled. He burst out into roars of laughter, to the dire astonishment of the young warrior before him. ' Well, that will do,' eaid the Kaiser at ast, kindly but firmly. ' Don't let me hea anything more about the ' White Lady' 1' Then, with a knowing look, His Majesty dismissed him as follows; ' And take my advice. Don't peer about in corridors, for you might often gee ladies (there at night attired in white petticoats and bodices,' The Monte Carlo balance Bheet, a copy of whioh has fallen into tbe hands of a correspondent of a London newspaper, contains some interesting and suggestive items. The company is chargeable with the maintenance of the Principality of Monaco, and tbe Prince personally absorbs a eum of nearly £200,000. The salaries of croupiers acd other officials of tbe Oasino, of whom there are 1,600, amount to £100,000. The cost of tbe theatre and orobestra comes to £80,000, and large sums are also required for lighting and water and heating apparatus. 