NOViiL. CAPTAH MOLLY. By MARY A. DENISON, CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) ' There's not the ghost of a chance. Now pat on the the hat/ said Molly, and then stood back, her head on one side, her glance critical. ? Try the bonnet,' sho went on, deftly lifting the pretty trifle of cilk and lace. 'Ah, that's it; that nigrette was just what was needed. My dear, I hope he will see you. You've no idea how pretty you are.' As the two girls left Paradise Flats that evening, they met Sebastian bringing baby Bassett home. The child's beautiful face lighted at sight of them, and, with a babe's qaick, heavenly smile, he held out his little arms. Heine followed, very petite, bright and delicately fair in her new muslin dress, which Molly had helped her to finish the day before. ' We've been taking a long walk,' whis pered tbe happy little wife and mother. ' H© has not had a bad turn for a whole week — and God bless you!' she cried softly from a full haart. CHAPTER XVII. IK THE HECTOR'S FEW. In fine artristocratic case. The eliapol was brilliantly lighted, the congregation large. Molly and her friend were given seats cua^i^auci ffiusignllSarryisfir^uk'into^e corner of the pew, as far from the glare of lights as possible. The chancel was docoratod with flowers. On the edge of the velvet- lined lectern stood a vase of calla lilies, every one a perfect blossom, white, massive, and fragrant. A young man clad in clerical robes came forward. Molly felt her dress grasped hard, and knew that this was the Rev. Mr. Flagler. She bad no opportunity then to form any conclusions as to his appearance, for she felt the weight of Ensign Harry, and feared that she had fainted. She turned. Tbe Dngl jab girl, indeed, made no sign, but Molly drew a little closer, obtained possession of her haad, and thus they eat, the one nerveless and constrained, the other striving to impart her own strength to her friend. Iu the rector's pew sat two women, one the rector's wife, the other not so young, dressed in a tan colour silk and wool travelling drt-Bs, her bonnet nodding with tiny plumes, her email hands exquisitely gloved, in one of them a prayer book bound in old ivory. In her face there was lack of spiritual beauty, but the correct classical outlines, the heavy-lidded blue eyes, and tho faultless complexion be* irayed a baxon origin, and the 'air aristocratic' breathed from all her move ments. Molly's heart sank. She had sometimes resorted to the chapel on Sunday evenings with Hub Bell Stioy, and Bhe knew which was the rectory pew. She said to her self,— 4 That woman is rich, refined, well-born, and worldly, and she is the wife of Mr. T'lfiirlfir' And the expected lecture commenced. The hand enclosed in Molly's grasp grew cold as ice and then trembled violently. Swootu, eloquent, and versatile, the ad dress moved on. The lecturer looked about him a good deal, a bold self assertion iu hi) glances— or so Molly thought ' He is effeminate/ she mused. 'That face, with the over-large eyes, the small mouth, the florid complexion, and the smooth expressionless forehead, is not the face of a man willing, if need be, to fight for the truth. Prosperity is his God j poverty would make him pusillanimous and a slave to the great. I don't like Bat now something unexpeoted hap pened. The man with his sweeping glances at latt took in the pale, beautiful, serious face of Ensign Harry, framed in the dainty stylish hat. For one second he turned white, swayed, and clutched at the lector p. Kverbody saw his agitation, everybody wondered* Then he took a glues of water, wet his parched lips, braoed hitnsolf anew, and vent on with his woll-orderod address, but not once afterwards did his eyeB wan der from the written page. ' After all, he must have loved her/ Molly said to herself, with a sad, forebod Amid the low, decorous, murmuring swell of voices that goes along the aisle with the people as they leave the temple, one oould hear tbe comments of the con gregation. ' Very nice/ said a lady near Molly, who yroutd have soreamed at the thought of touching elbows with a Salvationist. * Quite eloquent. Did you see the lady iu the rootor's pew P That is hiB brido : this is their wedding trip. She is very rich, — indeed, enormously wealthy, so I hear,— and a lady by title. Yes, he made a very find matbH; clergytuch ate sometimes juite fortunate, don't you know P Oh, yba, a little older than he, 1 should think But that bonnet— wasn't it a dream? i Well, she can afford it : she has millions.* Ensign Harry clutched Molly's arm just then. As they went out of church it was quite late and very dark. ' Don't speak to me ; don't, please, Bay a word/ the English girl murmured al most convulsively. ' It is all over, and I | — am punished.' And then, in less than a minute afterwards, in a voioe full of anguish. 1 Why, don't you talk P Oh, Molly, Molly, say something to comfort me, or I shall go mad/ ' Let all fail if heaven fail not,' Molly made answer, in a soft, sweet voice. 'Oh, thank you, thank you/ the girl spoke rapidly. 4 All has failed ( How do I know but heaven will P Oh, Molly, he saw me !' she gasped. 'Yes, he saw yon, that was evident to me, and puzzling to the congregation, no doubt/ Molly answered, asking herself in silence what his wife would be likely to say to him about it. ' A mist came over my eyes. Didn't he stop ?' Harry asked. ' He not only stopped, but almost lost his wits. Somebody said coming out that it was spasms of the heart : people always act that way from that cause.' ' The voyage of memory !' Ensign Harry murmured. * Oh, no, he can't have for gotten. And his face — what did you think of it ? Ah me, why do I ask V ' It was not the face of a high-toned man— I mean in the best sense of the word. He likes good dinners and flattery in moderate doses. He couldn't preach for his life if he didn't write his sermons.' * Oh, Molly ! is that your estimate of the man I love?' She had not yet nerved herself to speak of his wife. * Of the man you did love/ said Molly. 'It is a sin to love him now that he is married.' Ensign Harry was silent after that. 4 Let me go into your room, dear/ she said, as they went upstairs together. She took off the pretty trifle of silk and feathers. As she held out her hand, a far-away look in her face, a stirring blast came : from a comet, with the- click of castanets and the roll of the drum, as the *nen and I women joined in singing ' Rescue the perishing/ The Salvation section marched sturdily along in the street below, on their way from Borne gathering. Tears Btood in Ensign Harry's eyes. * Blessed little oompany !' Bhe said, her voice trembling, 'humble, faithful, happy 1 Here, Molly ; thanks for your kindness, dear,' as she handed her the bonnet ' I'll never again take off the badge of ray — liberty — wherewith Christ hath made me free.' CHAPTER XVIII. COUSIN LUCS'B REIGN. The road to home happiness lies over small 6tepping-6 tones. 'Mr DfiAE Molly, ? 1 saw you last night in St Luke's Chapel, clothed and seemingly in your right znind. What does it mean t Why were you at the lecture delivered by the celebrated English clergyman P Are you coming back to the faith? f^st night you were at home. It cannot be that you prefer the slums ! Your cousin wishes you to return. She is lonely (I don't re member that you ever considered it lonely here). I had a letter from Russell Stacy. He was in Paris, — said nothing definite as to his return. | ' Let me hear that you have come to your senses. Isn't there a commandment | in some old book, 'Honour thy father and ; thy mother' ? To be sure it doesn't say obey, but I am old-fashioned enough to | think that to a father obedience is due. However, I don't force you. If you won't leave, stay till you tire of them or they tire of you. Molly had often written to her father, but the banker had never answered her letters. This was the first written word she had received from him. The sight of Molly dressed as he had been wont to see her, so touched his exacting heart that this short note was tho result. Lucy, his neice, had been for a time v^ry happy in the midBt of all her finery. When first invited to become a habitant of her uncle's home, her delight knew no bounds. The large, cool house, a parlour and boudoir secured to herself seemed ; iiwirauy line paraaise to her. To have her own maid, plenty of spending money, and a fino wardrobe, was as near being in a state of beatitude as she could imagine. Molly's maid stayed on because she was confident that Miss Stanley would comc hack some time. ? She could not endure that any one should take the place of her well-beloved young lady. 'She never gave herself no airs, eho diduV muttered tho girl. ? Anyone could see which was the lady.' Molly had doclined more than half tho invitations she received to social gather ings. Lucy accepted every one with eagerness, Consequently Bhe was some what faded that first winter, and her uncle often waited for her till the toast was cold. ' My dear, Molly never kept me waiting,' he said now and then, and his very sonl rebelled against the edict he had given that his daughter was not yet to come to the houBe. ' The little fool ! the little blank fool !' he would mutter, between his teeth, only Us profanity was very much more pro nounced.- ' But she is true grit;' and he ended with a fit of admiration for her courage. He seldom went into soeiety, so he heard bat few of the remarks of tho busybodieB who pitied him and oondemned Molly in the Bame breath. Home was not the same to him now. He was a proud man, and in his way very fond of Molly. Her stately beanty, — at- least she seemed Btately to him, though ? she was by no means tali, — her sweet good-morning kiss,— Lucy seldom kissed him, and he did not care for her to do so, — her real love for him, for himself alone, | — Lucy's face beamed only when he gave ! her her allowance,— her whole gracious loveliness, in all home ministrations, were constantly in his memory. Lucy helped him on with his coat some times ; she kept his dressing-gown and slippers in the right place; she tried to remember what mado for his comfort; but was not always successful, Mollv never forgot things. Her habits wen fixed. CHAPTER XIX. THE PmOFCSBOn'K VERDICT. The meaning of harmony goes deep. The windows of Professor 'Andromos's musical conservatory were open to the soft breezes of tho ocean. The professor lived in an unfashionable quarter of the city, but in spite of that he was the musical lion of the day. Everybody knew that he ohose the place because of its beauty aud healthfulnosp, to say nothing of the sue of the monstur rooms. The professor gave instruction only in piano and violin. The latter instrument, in hiB hands, told wild stories of lovo end romance, and he was daily petitioned by courtly dames to give lessons to their sons and daughters at fabulous rates. Opposite the houso was an 'old-fashioned square, daintily laid out with flowering shrubs, troes, and Southern plants. Iron seats wrought into artistic patterns stood at various distances. On one of these resting-places sat Nanny Gartia. The quiver of late blossoms, sent dancing by the soft air, stirred her soui to melody. Her dsep,. lustrous, spiritual eyes moved delighted from one floral beauty to another. Nan was neatly dressed, yet bore the impress of poverty in 6ome curiously un defined way. Perhaps it was the stamp that penury, suffering, and self-denial Lad left upon her face, and that dung to her person. Her hair, abundant, glossy, and care fully dressed, flowed in loose, short curls from under a prim little hat. Lying across her lap, the green baize bag in which she carried her treasure, held in place by ashapely hand, appealed pathetic ally to the passer-by, proclaiming her vocation as that of a street musician. Once or twice the child looked opposite, up to the window banked and hanging with exquisite wreaths of colour, and contrasting delicately with the pearly gray tones of the great hsuse, built over a century ago. Presently the door of the great mansion opened, and a y^ung girl came out, lightly patting the head of the stone lion that guarded the steps. ' She has a splendid dress on, like all the rest/ murmured Nan, with a little im patient sigh. * And some of them come in carriages/ she went on, as a handsome : equipage with glints of yellow light on tbe I panels drove upr and the footman opened the door for his dainty mistress. ' Ah, nobody 6eems to be coming out any more : now it is your turn, little beggar.' j I She drew from the pocket of her dress I Molly's letter in a square white envelope. Meantime the professor was through j with his work for the day. He left the piano, where he had been busy evolving a I bright sweet prelude, and stood looking ! into the square, his face framed in the vines and gorgeously coloured blooms that he cultivated in window pots. A knock sounded at the door. ' Come in,' he said, then in a more im patient voice, 'Come in. Don't you hear? The door opened. The great professor stared and wondered. Never had a creature so hopelessly plebeian crossed the threshold before. Generally his usher, a gorgeous creature in gold and blue, heralded the visitor with a card on a silver salver. How came this one un heralded P * The lower door was open, sir. I didn't ring, but came upstairs/ said the child in a frightened voice. ' Ah i 1*11 give Pierre the devil for this,' growled tho professor. Then, seeing the child's frightened eyes, eyes like those of nnTnn ifapflo^ Viaanf.iFiil s.ni mnl Vie pViati coH his tone : ' Well, well, child, quick, what do you want? I haven't a dime — no, nor a penny; but good Lord, there's a quarter — take it and go. I can't waste my time, youngster/ ' Oh, sir, I didn't come begging. Did you think I had, to you? I don't want the quarter, sir. I earn quarters, myself, sometimes. But yon see my father was a ?musician, and I'd like to forget. Here's a letter for you, sir.' The child had hardly recovered from her fright, but she was a brave little thing, and swallowed the lump that kept rising in her throat. This man looked so grand, so utterly out of reach, in his black silk velvet dressing gown faced with red satin, and the plush smokmg-cap under wmcu his grey hair curled like a boy's. Hie eyes were very black and piercing, too, and seemed to look her through and through. Yee, she was brave to keep her courage up and the tears down. His pupils were generally more afraid of him than she. Taking: the latter wnfessor went to fttiuu line window, where Nan s startled, anxious glances took in all the glory of the Southern verdure. He put on his gold-rimmed glasses, and red as follows : ' Dear Professor Andbomos, — 'You will remember that I have been your pupil ever since I was six years old. That was for twelve years. Now I have a favor to ask you, a very great favor. I don't know that you will care to grant it; but, ah ! if you only will ! ' Little Nan Qartia, who will hand you this letter, is a protegee of mine. I think, though a poor little orphan of Italian parentage, she is a diamond in tbe rough. If not, then surely I am no judge of preciouB things in human nature. She has also a violin that must be of great value, for it has been in her family, as far as I can learn, nearly two hundred years. Her great-great-grandfather played upon it, and it lias the appearance ot extreme age, as well as the silvery, resonaut tones of a masterpiece. Please, dear professor, don't frighten the little creature with your patrician manner, and sent word to mo the very least for which you will give her one lesson a week, that is, if in your estimation she is worth the effort, I have found her quick, teachable, and far beyond her age in musical matters. She is, I think, gifted with remarkable genius. ' Your friend and pupil, ' Mollt Stanley/ ' Ah !' and a strong face took on a gleam of good nature as he pulled his long droop ing- moustache. * I can't refuse what mv child asks me, can I ?' He loftked up reflectively. His 'child' Molly had always been from the time he first lookod over her golden head at the grand piano and laughed because the little one could not reaeh the pedals. He cast a furtive glance at the 'girl standing there. 'Good eyes,' he said to himself under j his breath. Presently he saw a solitary | tear roll over the pale brown cheek. The , sight touohed him. 1 4 So you have an old violin, eh ?' ho said, briskly. ' Want to sell P' ' Oh, no, sir. It belonged to my father,' she said, simply, ' and my father is dead.' ' Ah, ec : dead, is he P Did he play P' ' He played in orohestra. Once he was a leader, but after his long sickness he lost hiB place. At last he had to play in the street to support mother and me. Mother is dead too,' she went on, in a low voice. (To be continued.) Italy's income from foreign visitors is estimated at £6,000,000 a year. There ere fewer suicides proportionately in Ireland than any European country. A large hailstone craoked in twain as it etruok tho road in Kentucky, during a hailstorm, and out stepped a Heard two inches long. Asia Minor was the chief opium market until the twelfth century. The Chinese obtained tho drug in the thirteenth century. Residents ot England have JB110, 000,000 invested in mortgages in foreign countries. These investments annually drain the foreign countries of about 500,000 in hard cash, Waves travel faster than tho wind which caueos them, and in the Bay of Bis cay in oalm weather a heavy sea fre quently rolls in on the coast twenty-four hours before the gale which causes it arrives* - 