PARLIAMENTARY NOTES [Fbom oub Special repobter.] HOBART. Thursday. — At the close of the proceedings in the Assembly the Prem er in cited members to the refreshment-room to indulge in a parting glass. Sir Edsvard Braddon proposed the health of Ministers in felicitous terms to which the Premier suitably responded. Mr Bird proposed tlie health of Sir Edward Braddon and ex pressed the hope that the colony would have the benefit of his services in the Federal Parliament, and the member for West Devon returned thanks The proceedings altogether were of a jovial character, and perfect unanimity prevailed Mr Burke, with a military song dispersed the members homewards in a humorous mood. Railway Employees1 .Holidays — In the House of Asssmblv recently the pro vision in the. Civil Service Bill for giving Government railway employees the same holidays as other members of the public service was struck out. On Wednesday night the Assembly's objection to the Coan cil's action in striking cut the vote of £ lf.00 inserted to cover the cost of giviDg the railway employees fourteen days' holi day in the course of a year came up for ' consideration The Chief Secretary moved that the Council should not insist upon its action in this respect, but the motion was, according to the Parliamentary report ''strongly negatived on the voices.' and a committee appointed to give reasons re ported that u this Council is of opinion that the regulations now in force provide for sufficient holidays for the railway em ployees.' Court of Marine Inquiry. — Messrs. E. Whitfeld, P.M.. R. H. Sleeman and W. E. Batclielor sat. as a Court of Marine Inquiry at the Police Court yesterday morning to investigate acomplaint against the owner of the s &. Thistle by the Launceston Marine Board It was alleged that no notice had been given of a defect in the boiler of the vessel, as required by clause 176 of the Marine Board Act. 1 889. Mr M. J. Clarke appeared for the owner, and at the outset contended that as the alleged mishap occurred on the North-West Coast, 'between Burnie and the Penguin.- and therefore in waters under the jurisdiction of the Leven ' Marine Board, the Launce&ton; board had no right to institute an inquiry. and the Court could not adjndicate. : After some discuBsion. the Chairman said 1 he would not actually decide the question until he had referred it to the Crown law officers Mr Clarke urged the Court to give a decision at once, as the matter w&b; quite clear. As the Launceston Marine Board wa|i not represented, and the secretary could not attend owing to the board elec tions being in progress Mr Whitfeld com municated with the board office by tele phone, and returned into court chuckling and evidently highly amused. With a smile he imparted the information that the only answer he coi^d get from the secre tary of the Marine Board was that ' some body had to make an inquiry.' Mr Clarke, also amused, remarked that if the Launces ton board had a right to punish his client for an alleged breach of the regulations in waters not under the control of the board. then his client might be take^ right round the island and dealt with by the several boards in turn. The court unanimously decided that, under the circumstances they had no jurisdiction, and the inquiry closed. As the result oi inter fering in someone else's business, the Laun ceston board will, presumably, be called upon to pay the coBts of a putative inquiry The Memorial Fund — The entertain ment in aid of the memorial fund will take place at the Albert Hall this evening. The patronage of the Mayor and Mayoress. Lieut. -Colonel Martin, Major Harmp, and the officers has been secured The sale of tickets has been fairly successful so far, and the result should be a substantial increase in the funds. Professor Ikvis, amongst other novelties, will introduce a modern ghost seance, in which so-called spirit forms actually appear and walk out on the stage, ' while a committee from the audience ! superintend and preveat any assistance by ! confederates. Madam Davis, who a : great reputation as a mind reader, will also give exaiiijjLes of her powers, and the per- 1 formance-all through being decidedly novel \ should succeed in drawing a large attend- i ance. . ! Bands' Concert — A combined concert will be given in the City Park on Christmas nignt by the Launceston bands, when a pro gramme appropriate for the occasion will be rendered. The concert should prove a great, attraction to those spending their holidays in the city. Fingal Municipality. — An extraor dinary election to fill the three seate in the Municipal Council of Fingai rendered vacant by the resignation of Messrs H G. Stieglitz, Robert1 Wardlaw, and Robert M'Kenzie will be held on Wednesday. January 9. Nominations close at noon on Wednesday, January 2. A Farewell Ceremony —Yesterday Mr G. B. Holloway, ontil recently foreman and inspector of the electric light department, . left for Victoria by the steamer Pateena. All the officials of the department assembled ?n the wharf to say farewell to one who made himself very popular with everyone with whom he was associated. As the tender put off from her moorings cheers were given for Mr Holloway. who received the beBt -wishes of his -comrades for his future success. Biver Excursions. — The ss. Centennial having undergone a thorough overhaul, ; during which time she l as had several im provements effected^ which will be appre- : ciated by the number of excursionists her popularity attracts will run an ex cursion on Boxing Day to Beaconsfield and Georgetown, and should the weather be favorable take a run out to sea, round the Bell Buoy *he leaves the wharf at S o'clock, and returns to town after 7 p m., at excursion fares On Christmas afternoon, on behalf of the North Esk Rowing Club, she will make an excursion to Rosevearfe leaving townabout 2 SO, returning early in the evening — The s.s. Breone. under charter to the Salvation Army, runs excur sions to Beauty Point and Georgetown on Boxing Day and New Years Day. Queen Victoria Hospital.— A meeting was held at the Ministerial-room on Dec cernber IS Present : Mesdames Sadler (in the chair\ Room Fairthorne. Bruce. Savigny Dempster. Edginton ClemonB, Thrower. Robinson, Sutton, and Grieve. The matron's report was read as follows : Admitted 3; born, 3; discharged. 4; re maining in the hospital. 4 adnltB, and 1 female and 3 male infants Fees amounting to £6 10s were handed to the hon. treasurer. Accounts for the month were passed for payment. Christmas extras were allowed as usual. Particulars re the admission of patients can always be had by letter ad dressed to the- hon. secretary. Pearb -Annual, 1900.- — Ready November 26, accompanied by three large presentation P;aVs ni colors, fit for any drawing-room, viz. , 'The British Lion,' by Yastagh; * 'Be- ware T' by J. B. Burgess, R.A. ; and 'Making Friends,' by Yeend King, R.I. Priuted in 10 to 13 colors, in the best and most artistic style of tho chromo-lithographic art. As the whole edition if, always sold within a fnw davs nf n.ihbW^nn cation to the booksellers is necessary to secure a copy of this artistic and .marvellous pro duction. Price, Ib. Worth a guinea. Christmas Presents — Messrs F. and W. Stewart. 149 Charles-street Launceston have on view most beautiful goods suitable for Christmas or wedding presents. Their stock of jewellery, watches, diamonds, opals and silver goods represents all the latest styles and patterns. Orders and re mittances by post receive prompt attention. For the convenience of customers F. and W„ Stewart's establishment will be open everv I evening this week. Catalogues sent post free on application.* Tourists' DarvES. — Some very pretty ; drives have been arranged by the Northern ' Tourists' Association, epeoiallv for visitors. ! These* drives take place every afternoon, Sun days included, whenever the minimum num ber :b booked, and tho farca have been ar ranged at a low rate. Full information can be had at all leading hotels, or at the book ing office, Messrs. G. C. JackBon and Co., oppocite Quadrant Brisbane-street, where guide books and ticketa can be had.* (135 A sale of gifts will be opened by the Mayoress in the Tamar-street school-room at 3 30 this afternoon. There are to be numerous attractions *nd sid- -shows. The Bliod Musical Students' Concert Com p^n)T is announced to appear at several conntry towns during the holidays A message addressed to C. F. Strauss. Lauccfield Launceston. i6 lying at the Telegraph Office awaiting a claimant. 