s J Humbling IRmitui.st'eiitvfX. TUX TIATOIt.j The numerically small audience that put in au appearance at the patriotic meeting hold last week in Cobram lends one to think that there is a greater number of "absent-minded beggars" in this locality than in any ' other district of similar size in Vic- j toria. As one speaker said at tlie meeting, "it was disappointing and annoying to find the people so apnihetic on the matter, and it was evident that there waR vciy little patriotism about." When one reads the daily papers and sees that large and enthusiastic meetings have been held in nearly every little town and lmmiet in tbe colony, it is lather a reflection on Cobram that it made such a miserable, feeble response to a public call. Why, ten times as many people would have put in an appearance at a second-rate dog fight ! The excuse that the night was boisterous and wet has been put forward, but it is fear fully poor patriotism that is afraid of a drop of rain. In Epite of the un promising night there were several people who came miles to attend the meeting, and ret the majority of town residents were conspicuous bv their absence. Of course, various reasons are given for their uon-attendauce, but 1 have a suspicion that the absentees were too modest to allow their charitableness to be displayed when the hat went round. # « We learn from the cables that the beleaguered inhabitants of Kiinberley aud Ladysmith wero reduced to eating horseflesh, and among tbe more modest people a feeling of revulsion is i'elt against such a proceeding. Why it should be so is beyond my ken, for horseflesh is eminently more fitted to be eaten by human beings than is the flesh of cattle. Horseflesh is rather liked in Germany, and the Germans give excellent reasons for tlieir choice. Everybody is aware that the horse is the cleanest of all domestic animals. , It will not cat anything but good (healthy food, nor drink any but pure water. A horse would rather starve than take the rotten stuff often given to pigs and cattle. It is nothing but prejudice that prevents us from eatiug horseflesh, just as a similar prejudice retarded the introduction of potatoes over a century ago. Horseflesh is the most nourishing of all meals, and its taste is hardly to be distinguished from that of beef. The flesh of a horse fed on oats has a smell similar to gooseflesh, and the fat is preferable to lard. Above all, it should be remembered that no flesh is so healthy as that of the horse. Tuberculosis, very common iu cattle, is very rare in horses. The day may come yet when Australians will have to cat horse flesh, and if ever that time arrives it is probable that "coined horse" will figure on our menu lists iu all its reality. « # # At a certain school in the M elbourne district, it used to be the daily custom for the scholars to repeat tbe Apostles' Creed, one beginning "I believe in God the Father Almighty." tbe next going on, "Maker of heaven and earth.' aud so on and turn about until the creed was concluded. It was also usual for the scholars to occupy tbe same places day after day, so that each boy always repeated the same bit of creed. This arrangement led to a rather amusing scene one day, when one of the pupils happened to be absent. I lie creed was said as usual until they came to the passag-, "I believe iu tlie Holy Ghost,' when tbe boy whose turn it was to go on hesitated for a while, and then said, "Please, sir, him as says tbe Holy Ghost has gone fishing." # » The detailed accounts of the arrest of the Duhe of Marlborough for "coasting" on his bicycle in Central Park, New York, make funny reading "What is your name f" asked the stern sergeant in charge of the station to which his Grace was taken. At the answer, tweuty policemen gasped and crowded round Still the usual routine had to be gone through — where born, bow old, married or single, and even "Can you read or write ?" Then followed the admonition: — "Duke." said the sergeant, severely, "I am going to discharge you with a caution. 1 understand that you are a stranger here, and that you are ignor ant of the rules of the park. Let this be a lesson to you. I hope that you will be more careful in the future, and that I shall not see you here again. Help yourself to our park, Duke, but don't coast." » Tbo French mode of conducting auctions is rather curious. In Bales of importance the affair is placed in the bands of a notary, who, for the time being, becomes an auctioneer. The auctioneer is provided with a number of small, wax tapers, each capable of burning for about five minutes. As soon as a bid is made oue of these tapers is placed iu full view of all interested parties and lighted. If, before it expires, another bid is offered, it is immediately ex tinguished aud a fresh taper placed in its stead, and so on till one flickers aud dies out of itself, when the last bid becomes irrevocable. This simple plau prevents alL contention among rival bidders, and affords a reasonable time for reflection before making a higher offer than the one preceding. By this means, too. the auctioneer is prevented from exercising undue in fluence upon the bidders, or hastily accepting the bid of a favorite. An equally satisfactory mode is adopted in Japan, where every bidder writes bis name and his bid on a piece of paper, and then throws the latter into a box placed for the purpose When all bids have been made the auctioneer opens the box and the object put on auction falls to the one whose slip shows tbe highest bid, These are both good methods, but too alow for ouly-a-tniuute tu lire colonials. 