Music and Drama. Miss Mary Godwin is the latest musical aspirant from Victoria to land in London. Mr. Watkin Hills, the well known English basso, intends visiting Australia next year, and singing in the principal- cities therein, and in New Zealand. It is reported in a London paper that a resolution has been adopted to spend £15,000 in bringing the stage of Covent Garden Theatre op to the level of modern operatic requirements. It is questionable (says the St. James's Budget) whether public opinion will waste very much sympathy with either Mr. Gilbert or Hiss Janetto Steer in their dispute over the stage management of "Pygmalion and Galatea." Mr. Gilbert was refused the injunction to stop the performance, and Miss Steer is permitted to get between Galatea and Pygmalion and repeat^ ad infinitum, " Cynisca, pity ine." The national anthem of tho Boers was written by an old lady who is at present living a peaceful obscure lifo in Holland. This lady, Hiss Catherine Felicia Van Bees, was born in Holland, at Zntphen, in 1831. She is on excellent musician, and in her youth she composed several operettas which were performed by the Choral Society of Utrecht. In 1875 Mr. Burgers, who bad become Pre sident of the Sonth African Republic, begged her to .write a national anthem for the Trans vaal, and in a few hours the lady did eo by writing both words and mnaic. The burghers were so pleased with the composition that the Volksraad of Pretoria ofliciallr accepted the work,* and sent Miss Van Rees a letter of thanks and congratulations. Mr. George ilosgrove and Miss Nellie Stewart, together with an opera company, hare sailed from London in the Arcadia for Australia. A late London paper says: "Miss Jennie Maynard, the well Known Australian come dienne, who was ' starring' in Clo Gravels merry comedy 'Nurse* at the Coronet Theatre, played the title role with much piquancy and charm." A violin by Antonius Straduarius. dated 1G94, ^vitlr original label and scroll, and silver-znounted bow, by Dodd, the property of the late W. C. Selle, Mus. Doc., and pur chased by him 40 years ago from a private collection, realised £495 on July 1G, at Sotheby's auction rooms, London. The Misses Beatrice, Muriel* and Bessie Griffiths gave their annaal concert in the Salle Erard on July 11 (says the "British Austral asian "), in the presence of a large aha fashionable attendance. The young execu tants were the recipients of iond applause. They had the assistance, among others, of Hiss Alice Estey. Mr. George Grossmitb, the well known English entertainer, ha3 recorded in his memoirs that on one occasion when he was asked to ring the Lord Chancellor's patter song at Sir Arthur Sullivan's, he found him self unable to recall it, but Lord Hopetoan, who was one of the guests, quickly came to the rescue, and sang it one bar ahead of the carefully pursuing comedian. J. L. Tools was ones acting: m the pro* rinoes, "when one of his company failed to come in answer to hit cue. Amazed at his non-appearance, Toole commenced to gag, and then repeated the last line of the original script with great emphasis. Still no actor; bo turning to the house, he remarked, coolly: " As ray friend T doss not seem in the slightest way anxious to tarn np, I will, with your kind permission, sit down and rest awhile." Then, amidst the roar of laughter which followed the speech, Toole calmly took a chair and seated himself. A second later the tardy actor dashed on to the stage, taking up die cne, now loog gone by, with the words: ** I was detained " "Thou sayeat not so," re marked Toole, gravely, rising. " I should never have thought it. "Well, since you are here, well continue." Australians in London arc eagerly looking forward to the appearance, at Stein way Hall, (says " M.A.P."), of another compatriot, who. bids fair to follow triumphantly in die wake of Mclba, Miss Ada Crossley, and the rest of tho large detachment of sweet singers from the antipodes who bulk so large in tho English musical world just now. The newcomer is Miss Louie Morrell, .a charming mezzo, who hails from Melbourne, the city that gave Melba both her name and her first sweet delights of fame. Miss Morrell and Miss Ada Crossley were fellow-students in Melbourne, and were both pnpils of the late Mme. Fanny Simonsen. Miss Morrell made her first appearance at Melbourne in May, 1S95, and the following year was en gaged by Mile. Antoinette Trebelli to tour tho Australian colonics with her concert com pany. Since then she has successfully come to the fore in Melbourne, where she is a great popuhir favourite. Miss Morrell is a real colonial girl, with dark handsome features and a faecmat* ingly attractive manner. She bids fair to go far. She will be assisted at her concert bj Miss Maud M*Carthy (the marvellous young Tioliniit), and many other well known artists. The 11 Theatre Gossip " scribe of the Sfoteft alludes to the fact that plajs with the word M silver" in their title are always iucky. Commenting upon this the Feiicnn says: " But is this so P I can think of two 1 silver * plays at least that were none too golden—* The Silver Shield,' played at the Comedy, with poor Arthur I)acre and Amy Roselle in it, and 'The Silver Falls,* at the Adclphi, in which the late Mr. Terns figured. Not only were these plays none too fortunate, but there were principal players in each of them who came to strangely violent ends.*' "Florodora," which the "Williamson Opera Company is rehearsing for early production either in Sydney or in Melbourne, is prov ing a highly successful musical comedy in England. Its 250th production at the Lyric Theatre, London, was recently, celebrated, and an English paper announces, as the authors, Mr. Owen Hafl and Mr. Leslie Stuart, have done little more than think of its successor, it will probably con tinue to run into the new year. The success of the piece is, however, not confined to London, because. there are now four com panies touring England with it, and the first production in the United States was fixed to take place in New York some time next month. An amusing story mm eg from Chelten ham (England), well known a* the home of girls1 schools. According to the Sra% Jar. F. B. Benson was playing "Hamlet" there soma little time since, and the theatre was filled to its utmost capacity with a number of the young ladies, who were being derated and amused at one and the same time. The actor was just in the middle of the ghost seene^ the lights were lowered, and the excitement was intense. Suddenly a voice arose from the stage box: "Mr. Ben son !" No answer. "3Cr. Benson!" Still no answer. "Mr. Benson, would yon mind having the lights raised ? The young ladies can't see to follow their copies I11 Mr. J. TV. Sweeney, one of the most popular of our comedians, has formed, in conjunction with Mr. George J. Staples, an English theatrical manager who recently arrired here, the Royal Dramatic Company for a tour of the provincial country towns, lfr. Sweeney has. an excellent repertoire, which, as it includes "The Irishman" (in which he made a great hit at the Lycenxn), "Vengeanceis Mine," "Shannon's Shore" (a new drama, and one that is highly spoken of), " Ea3t Lynne," and 44 The Colleen Bawn," will enable country playgoers to see the actor in some of his most. successful metropolitan roles. The company is a compact and rather numerous one, and includes, in addition to the star, Messrs. Francis Eaton, Lewis Lawrence, George Crass, Bayfield, Charlie South, J. J. Reid, E- S. Young, James Smith, and F. P. Crofron (stage manager), Misses Millie Brown, Rochefort RocheQe, Wilt-Phillips, and Stella Thebaud. Mr. Vaughan has painted new scenery for the tour, and the management is with the indefatigable Lieu-, tenant Byrne. It is proposed to first play westward as far as Cobar and Bourke, and the company will return to Sydney prior to visiting northern Queensland. 