TlE STOR1tYTE LL?? I EILY'S CONFESSION. CHAPTER X[V.-Contiuued. 'If I did, I stood in my. own wood,' he says, looking down at me, amused. ' If your voice came over the water to me, it was neither your fault nor mine. You would not deuy me such a gratification as that ?' Just that gratification I would have den ied him. ' I have heard the ballad before,' he goes on, looking out of the window and not at me. 'And I could have fancied that the same voie. was singing it. Miss .Des monde, do you know what:has kept mo here so much longer than I at first intounded ?' ' No,' I answer, looking at him curiously. But he does not tell me. He is still look ing into the sunny quadrangle, hands in his pockets, a curious melancholy smile' on his lips, when his cousin calls to him 'Rous, do come here for a moment ! I do think these are the Holbein ongravings that aunt Theodora thought were lost or burnt at the time of the fire at Howglen ! I wonder how they could have got here, for they certainly are the same. She has de scribed them to me hundreds of times.' Mr Liddel knits his brows, but goes back ; and the result of her discovery is a long argument between them as to whom the prints belong. She argues that they must certainly have come from Honglen; he maintains that, possession is nine points of the law. I am sure Lady Cecil does not grudge them to him- but the discussion keeps him beside her, and perhaps away from a dangerous alien'. I do not think I am a dangerous alien myself, but, if I can read Lidy Cecil's black eyes, that is her opinion .of me at this moment. =' It is nothing to me. What- Lady Cecil Pierrepont thinks of me, be it. good, bad, or indifferent, troubles me not at all. She may already regret having gotten me ep here to Bramble Hall to keep her company, or she may scorn me as utterly as I scorn the attempts of the white butterfly inside the window to fores his way out through the pane of glass. She is Lady Cecil Pierrepont, Rous is her own cousin, and who knows what I may be ? Certaintly she does not, nor does she care. A little girl with fair hair and blue eyes; remarkable for nothing, except for looking ridiculously young-of what possible interest can I or my anteced ents be to her ? And yet, when we are alone in the library half an hour afterwards she subjects me to *a polite cross-examina tion to which I submit rather impatiently, wondering why she takes so much trouble to find out so liitle. But she is socaressingly sweet, so softly insinuating, that she leaves me nothing more to tell of my simply history before she' lets me go. -Not that I have, nor want to have, any secrets. The Desmoedu are quite as good as the Pierroponts, so far as antiquity of lineage goes ; and, if we are not as rich as we once were, I am not poor enough to be anxious to secure the patronage of Lady Cecil Pierrepont. She seems to think that not to be rich is a terrible misfortune,~but I think I am quite as happy as she is, and I certainly know -that I would not change places with her if I could.. She is plain and not, Yery young, to put it as civilly as possible,' and I am. young and pretty- would I not be a fool to change places with- her for the sake of a fortune, of the advantages of 'which I am more than doubtful ? All her money can not make her cousin care for her;. For that he does not care for her I am very sure. It wouid not take me two days to find out anything so v.vy palpable,' if I was 'much duller than I ard whet e such things us lovers are concerned. Perhabs she gathers some what more of my sentiments on these .sub jects than site finds quite palatable in tbh course of her inquiries about other matters, for I fancy her manner-is colder to me front this time forward. She also seems to in finence Mrs Liddel in some degree, but the change in her manner to me is not so appar ent it never having been more than distantly polite. Mr Liddel grows kind to me as they grow cold, or perhaps the former is the result of the latter effect. But it is kindness of a rather fitful character, and his words are sometimes so uncertain that I am more than half afraid of him. Sometimes he is gloomy and taciturn, sometimes his face is " as black I as thunder,' sometimes a cynical fit pre ponderates, or a mocking humour, in which he scoffs at everything-faith, hope, and loe. B3ut through it all he has none of the sneering harshness which in CurlI Gresson used to set my teeth on edge-nothing of his tryannical intolerance. Curll Gresson's is a mean nature; Rous Liddel is a man whose whole heart and mind and soul have been warped out-of their original form by some great convultion some unnatural shook, some ineler cholly upheaval of the bad and sinking of the good in his nature, some volcanic agency which has shattered the first promise of his life and so spoilt. it all for ever. So much as tnis I learn, watching him with eyes which have been opened by some magnetic influence, eyes which are perhaps only too apt to overlook any shortcoming in their hero, and yet which would see it perhaps sooner than another. I came to stay till Thursday, and till Thursday Mrs Lidnel most conscientiously insists npon keeping me. Bat I ami very glad when the day comes when I may be permitted to go back to the farm : nor do I think I shall over again be invited to Bram ble Hall. Lam not particularly sorry to know that this is the case; nor would I have acted at all differently to secure Lady Cecil's friend ship. Of all the inmates of the Hall I. like Mr Liddel best. If it had not been for him I should have found the old house intoler ably dull. And, since it seems that I must choose between them, I certainly prefer Mr Liddel's friendship to any amount of invita tions to Bramble Hall or Howglen either. Nor have I anything for which to blame myself with regard to my behaviour. I have confitssed a great many times already that I am a flirt by nature just as certainly as I am a Desmonde, but for some reason or other T have never flirted with Mr Liddel They can hardly blame me if he chooses to walk with me in the old pleasannce while we wait for breakfast-does do not ride with Lady'Cecil every afternoon, though I know he hates doing it ? And, if he asks me to sing for him every evening, can he do less than stand near me and listen while I sing ? If Mrs Liddel sould hear every word he has ever- said to me, she would have no need to object to a single one of them-I am sure Lady Cecil says more sentimental things to.him forty times a day IHe does not make love to me-he has never spoken one word to me which could bear 9 that interpretation-but I know he likes me, and I know that I--will, that I like him, anid the knowledge is enough to make an hour seem a very short time in his com pany. He looks at me a great deal certainly but then one cannot depend upon looks. They may moan-so much or they may mean so little-some men have a trick of looking at one without meaning anything at all. But he is my friend, and it is splendid weather, and I am very young ; and, though I know I. may never see him again. I am happy while I walk with him, while I sing to him, while I sit in the dreamy old rooms, or oat on the sunny newly-mown Snrf, and think of him, and my happiness neither his mother nor Lady Cecil Pierre pont can take away. W' ould you really rather walk back to the farm, dear ?' Mrs Liddel asks, when I stand on the terrace stops wishing her good bye on Thursday afternoon. Much rather,[ thank you.' I answer, smiling; and thinking how infinitely pre ferable is a walk through the woodland to a drive in the fusty old family coach. And so I leave them, standing in the sun shine of the June afternoon, Lady Cecil icily cold and feigning no regret, Mrs Liddel with a troubled look on her stern ragged face. In some way or other the fashion, of my t going seems to have cured the sorrow'of it ; for both ladies seem more or less relieved at getting rid of mo. But-they are not yet out of the wood-nor am I. At the old trysting tree I find Mr Liddel waiting for me. He has a pocket-knife in his hand, and he has been idly re-touching the letters of the word i Alice' so carefully carved on the huge old trunk. ' May I walk with you as far as the river ?' he asks, and I do not say him nay. Down the forest park we walk together for the second time, under the leafy canopy, with the mossy carpet under our feet. ' They will be glad to get you back again at the farm,' he says, after a long silence ; Sand I say ' Yes, I suppose they wrill be glad-at least, my cousin and Miss Fleming.' ' You are quite a family party at Seafield now. It must be very pleasant-so many \- cousius in the house together.' I allow that it -in very pleasant, with a mental reservation. ' I suppose your cousin Mrs Gresson is very gay and pleasant ? She used to be if I remember rightly.' " Poor Alice ! Bat even to this new friend I will not betray our family skeletor. ' And happy? ' - ' And happy,' I answer, with an untruth fulness scarcely intentional, buat productive of so much misery to mysel~ and others in the days that are to co'me that I shall oxpiate it to the last. hour of my life. ' I am glad to hear it,' I he answers, but with such emotion that I look up at him in surprise. In his face there is a look of pain almost anger. ' You are such a child,' MLr Liddel says, talking morn to himself than to me.' 'I am more than twenty,' I answer, not. over-pleased. ' Ard you ? I did not think you were more than sixteen.' '`Sometimes I feel quite old,' I say, look ing up at the great ivy-grown branches a little sadly. ' What must you think me ? ' Mr Lidddl remarks, with his curious smile. SI cannot help laughing. He winces as if I. had struck him ' Are you angry with me for laughing.? 'I ask, growing grave again. ' You have such a winning laugh. It re reminds me -' And he stops suddenly. '.No, I am- not angry with you for laughing, but you have not ansnered my question yet.' 'I know your age exactly-I heard your cousin mention it:' ' I am thirty-five, and I have lost ten years out of my life. Do you think a man could bury away a certain portion of his life and forget it as one forgets the dead.' We do not forget the dead.' ' Ah, but our remembrance of them does not trouble us very much,' he rejoins. ' I think you never lost anyone you cared about very much.' ' Do you think so ? 'Well, I will put it another way. Do 'you think a man could wake up out of a miserable dream and be just the same as though he had rot dreamt it?' ' As a tale that is told-as a dream when one awakoth ' I quote. ' If any one buried ten years out of his life £ in a deep, deep grave, do you think any ghost would rise up to hiaunt one afterward?' Mrtiddel goes on, speaking more to him self tian to me. ' We -are not bound to keep the dead wit'h us after they.are dead ! WVo are not bound to make our lives horrible in -~intblerable with.their presence: It -is the , instinct of life to ,hide away the. dead, to cover it up out of. sight, It is not unnatural to hug it to one's heart, to, gaze at it day and night, to kiss it's cold lips, to fight a battle for it with the grave ? ' ' It is unonatural.' I say shivering. '- Bot tou to bury it and try to forget ! '-Ah,-to forget ! ' he goes on vehemently. ' That is the -ditficnlty-the impossibility I Hlow can one forget ? -How can one part with the byst share of one's heart, and be the same as he was before -? He can never be the same I ' Ba' t people forget,' I suggest, feeling my own ignorance too profound to offer -more consolation than this. ' They do. I have heard it said that, if we could not forget, no human face would ever be seen to smile. But some people are unhappily constituted--they ca'not forget. And there is the horror of that resurrection ! A man might think-the past was .dead and buried and clean out-of his "life, and, when he least expected, find it walking beside him, keeping step with his step, and haunting him with its reproachful eyes !' i 'Ghosts can he exorcise%,' I suggest, shaking my head. ' Unless you have mur dered that dead past, it will will not haunt you. If your.conscience is clear,, you may bury your dead out of your sight and go on your way` in peace. The curse causeless will not come.' 'My consci:nce is clear,' hlie says, lifting his head and looking straight -before him, with eyes whose expression I canot. see. SI will bury my past-I will exorcise it I SWhy should I be a slave to it - any longer ? This day I will be free of it I I will forgive a a-d forego it; I will drag my-heart out of its ( rip ! It is not too late to begin again, at f five-and-thirty, Miss Desmonde, is it ? Tell me now, and I will abide by your decisions ?' He speaks the last two sentences in quite a different tone from the others'; and, turn r ing to ms, looks at me with his old curious smile. I see no trace in his face of the pas sion that I had heard in his voice; his com plexio, is too tanned and weatherbeaten to change colour easily. His eyes still burn with the fire of some profound excitement; bat beyond this there is no change in his countenance which I can see. ' It is never too late to begin again,' I answered tritely. I see that I cannot cope with the man's thoughts ; they are beyond me. His words make me shiver in the June sunshine. Some intense excitement has taken possession of my own heart. I 'feel vaguely that some groat stake is 'at issue--that some conse quence yet hmnging in the scars will result from this walk in Bramble wood to-day. I hold the great bunch of damask roses in my ° little cold hand and walk on through the shadowy sun-barred vistas like one in a dream. All the circle of my life has nar rowed into this one hour ; I have climbed out of the sunny valley of childhood, and the first cold breath, on these heights send a shiver to my heart, the first glimpse of the cloudy battlements I have to scale makes me giddy. ' You have assisted at a funeral,' Mr. Liddol laughs, holding out, his hand to me ; ' and now, like soldiers who have buried one of their comrades,-let us march back to the tune of ' Nothing in life can sadden us ! ' He takes my hand and holds -it. We have come to a standstill'close to the riveri its sound fills all the silence, perhaps inter. preting it for us both. . 'Iam going away to-morrow,' he says looking down at me; ' And whether I ever come back or not depends on you. 'Shall I come back ?' SDo come back,' I answer at once.. 'r To you ?' he asks, with the old smile deepening into one so much more beautiful that it transfigures his whole: face. I cannot mistake his meaning now, and for one moment my heart seems to stand still. S'Will you take what is left of my life, and do with it what you can ? ' he asks, bend s ing his head to look into my tell-tale eyes. ' 'Will you exorcise with that childish smile of yours all the ghosts that haunt me, and a with your bright face do your very best to shut out my dark'past. Will you take a s man fcr your husband who thought that his f. life was over and done ten yearc ago, Eileen Desmonde, and teach him to love you better I than anythlling else in this wide world ?' I will,' I ankwer ; and, still holding my hand, be bonds his head andkisses it. I do not knew which is tlie most gravely spoken, the question or the answer; but I know the murmer of the rivgr nearly drowns my voice. Then he lets me go; and, leaving him where he stiands, I walk t away like one in, a dream. He looks after me fdr a little, and then turns back into the wood without a wave of the hand. 