ILLUSIONS PAST AND PRESENT. The London "Daily Telegraph" writes as follows about Professor Pepper, <wlio gave a series of entertainments in. Adelaide 22 years ago, and wlrose death. was re cently announced: "He was' "tflie- creator some 30 years .ago of the celebrated ^Pepper's Ghost," and for some time earned muck fame and no little fortune by ?the exhibition of an. illusion, which was then looked upon, as marvellous, but the secret of which is easily explained. This was in the days when those curious variety shows of recreative science known as polytechnic institutions were popular with a class having midday leisure and no settled way of passing it. Foremost in t'he van of such places of entertainment was the Polytechnic in Regent-street, now identified with cheap trips to the Swiss mountains or the Norwegian fjords and the Young Men's Christian Association, the Adelaide Gallery in the Strand, now re placed by Gatti's Restaurant, and the Panopticon in Leicester-square. The Ade laide Gallery flourished for a time on the dual attraction of a steam . gun and an electrical eel, while the Polytechnic drew its patrons by_ a display of dissolv ing views and a diving bell in a tank. It was then that Professor Pepper and has "G'host" appeared on the seen®, and opened up a new era. in the world of 'mo dem magic. Pepper was a man who, al though. of no great inventive talent, was nevertheless a clever talker, and able to keep in toudh wit!h his listeners so as to ihold their attention,_ and even gain their admiration. He quickly saw that if the Royal Polytechnic was to- enjoy more of fortune's'favor than certain of its nvals, it was necessary to introduce more novelty and sensation into a form of entertainment of which a diving-bell and dissolving views were the stable attractions. He suceeded with his "Glhost." _ "On the origin of this illusion Mr. Mas kelyne, of Egyptian Hall fame, and of whom no better authority on sudh subjects is Jiving, was able to throw much light. "Pepper," said Mr. Maskdyne, "really got .his idea from walking one day down a pas sage in St. James's Hall, at -the end or which was a mirror, -and he saw himself re flected from a dark background. In fact, to-day vou can see "Pepper's Ghost,' ihas is ito" say, yourself everywhere. Ini a rail way train, travelling at ni^ht, you can see your figure and face reflected 'outside, ap parently in space, or in a dark room with a strong light behind. It was, how ever, a young engineer named Direks W3h> firs; came to Pepper with the idea in a workable form. The latter saw there was something in it, and took out a patent. The result was most successful, and Pepper made a lot of money. Moreover, his suc cess gave a great impetus to the magic business. It brought in men of talent, men who could think and devise new and original effects with mirrors. One of these was a man named Sylvester, also known as the iakdr cc Ooloo, who improved con siderably. on " 'Pepper's Ghost.' Pepper had his mirror standing at an. angle of _45 degrees, and reflected from the wings, with the result that from certain parts of the house the figure did not always look straight. Sylvester got over this difficulty by inclining the mirror which faced the audience to a more acute-angle, and placing the person to be reflected below the stage, in what was called the 'oven,' because it was always so hot down there, and the body was then reflected from behind by strong limelight-. _ . "The professor was also identified with anWtlher 'illusion,' called ike Sphinx's table, a three-legged' table worked with mirrors, much. in> the same "wtiy as the ghost business. Tobira, an assistant of Pep per, was really _ the originator of the Sphinx table, which was also ^howni in the Egyptian Hall by Colonel Stodare. an American. Then there was also the Pro tean cabinet, with its centre-post and the reflecting mirrors, which when placed at a certain angle gave the impression that the cabinet was empty, while all t'he time the performer ..was standing behind ready to step out and appear before t)he spectators. "The cleverest thing, however, that Pep per ever did, and this was in, conjunction witfh a Mr. Walker, Who was an organ builder-was what was called the 'Me tempsychosis.' Here the glass, instead of being stationary, was movable. Great care was taken to prevent the edggs of the mir ror from bang seen. The great thing was to move the mirror across the stage and enable ai female performer to take the place of the man, or vice versa. At ithe time the idea was considered' ex tremely novel, and was undoubtedly effec tive. Later on Pepper went to Australia and posed as a rain-maiker. You know; He fired Shells up at the clouds in the hope of bringing d'own rain, tihougfh I think he only achieved success when the .clouds happened to 'be charged with moisture. On. his re turn from Australia Pepper, I believe, again took to lecturing." "With regard to t'he latest form of illu sions, Mr. Slaskdyne, for obvious reasons, "was unable to be explicit, though 'he ad mitted tibat without diagrams it was very difficult to adequately convey^ tne idea of how an illusion is managed. To-day, he continued, "the work has become far more complex. You may safely say at has en tered the 'highest degrees of mechanics. The illusionist must be a stu dent, and have a profound knowledge 01 physics. You can't invent new illusions. It's no use sitting down and ttonkmg them out. It is not merely a question of needing an idea and then working it out. You have to create the need, so to speak, . and very often a scheme is rendered, im practicable owing to the nature of your surroundings. Moreover, he "wants to be, if anything, a little ahead of the times, to be quick enougjh to turn some novelty or discovery to account 'before it becomes known to the public. As an instance, Hbudin, the French conjurer, in the days when electricity; "was in its infancy, made a tremendous hit -with an electrical drum, suspended in mid-air, with the tappers in side. People came and marvelled. It's no use. doing that to-day. Everyone knows how it is done. So we have to give the drum with the 'tappers outside, electric sparks, and everything. 2>To, the difficulty to-day is not to deceive the public, but the expert, the man who knows the busi ness and has studied it. It is not difficult to deceive the average audience, simply because sitting comfortably, perhaps smok ing, they don't trouble to find out. But it's not the same with the expert. He knows Obe points of 'tthe business, and yet I flatter myself I have been able to- de ceive him as completely as the leas sciemta fic members of my audience." The late professor, it may be mentioned, was born at Westminster on .Time 17. 1S21, He was educated at Ixiughibo rough House, Brixton,-and King's College School, Strand In 1840 'he was assistant chemical lecturer at tlbe Granger School of Medicine. It was in 1S47 he gave 'his first lectures at the Royal Polytechnic Institution, and.'in 1848 he was appointed analytical cheimist and lecturer on chemistry at the Royal Polytechnic. _ He afterwards _ became honorary director of that institution. He was ait honorary life member of the "fustitutio® of Civil, Engineers, and' a Fellow of the Chemical Society. While in .Australia he was appointed public analyst to the Mayor and Corporation of Bris bane, Queensland, holding the appointment for many years. ? , » ' ' 