THE KAFFIR. Edgab Mem, eobmebly bditob of THE " JOHAMfESBHEG Daily Nhws," hi the " Scientific American." The writer has seen the South African native, commonly called Kaffir, in all his varying phases, in his wild stoie^sfflni.,, civilised and wholly so. He hasijfeif'illaf native at his best and at his / wofst—uh>N tainted by the touch of civSwatioriy-pnd soiled by its proximity. . VCjN, • Kaffir, in his uncivilised stpt'ex is anVj overgrown ohild, with childibh.-^foibles and shortcomings, but let him leeja'/fbe vices of civilisation, let him realis&vjbd; evil there is in him, let him discover that" there is a broad path leading to destruc* tion—and you will find a fully civilisod being, as capable in certain directions as is the white man. It is a fact that where the Kaffir is permitted to dwell in primeval ignorance, with none to warn him againBt vices he knows nothing about, he remains a good Christian, even though he is ignorant of doctrinal disputes and the meaning of higher criticism A study of the Kaffir is a study of the human being. , And what is more, he has been grossly and shamefully maltreated. . . . . As for. the morality of the Kaffir—that differs according to the tribe and its proximity to civilisation. The Zulu is eminently virtuous. Infraction of the law of morality is punished by death. The culprits are placed on the ground with their respective heads resting upon a fiat stone. Then their heads are crushed with another stone. On the other hand, the Hottentot, having been a close companion of the white man, is the most immoral and depraved human be ing perhaps in existence. The Mata beles are moral, so are the Basutos and the Masbenas. The Becbuanas are less so, and the Bushmen rank next to the aespisea juottentots. xcat ttie latter are as bad as stated is evident when the Zulus will not work in the same mine with one nor sleep in the same room or kraal. Nearly all the tribes, save the Hottentots and Bushmen, are cleanly, the £ulus particularly so. The Zulu goes in bathing twice a day. He cleanses his teeth with milk at sunrise and again at sunset. All the tribes, even those par* tially civilised, believe in ghosts and spirits. Many worship the spirits of the departed. Still others are fetish wor shippers. The most advanced tribe is the Basuto nation, in which there are fifty thousand Christians, with one hun* dred and forty-four schools. Strict as are the laws against the indiscriminate selling of liquors to natives, they are yet able to obtain all they want. And when their supply of ordinary rum and whiBty runs short,they manufacture the notorious " Cape Smoke." This addition to alcohol is the great ourse of the Bssutos, and, in fact, of every other tribe. Cape Smoke must be tasted to be appreciated—pro* vided the person thus experimenting survives. For be it known that Cape Smoke consists of wood, alcohol, red pepper and sulphuric aoid. This terrible concoction is relished by the Kaffirs as no European drink is—they have not yet been civilised up to the level of the American " mixed drink." But to return totheBasutos. For more than one hundred years this tribe has been undergoing a process of forcible civilisation. Good men and good women have sacrificed their lives to the noble cause. Just before the present war began, there was a gather ing of Indunns, or native priests, near the Free State border. Thousands of " Christian " natives attended. Two oxen were brought into a ring formed for the purpose. One of the animals was snow white, representing the British. The other, coal black, represented the Boers. With weird incantations and wild dances, these Christianised Basutos skinned the poor oxen alive. The white ox sue* oumbed after five hours of terrible agony; the black one lived for nearly a day and a night. The gods of the " Christian " Basutos had answered the oracle—the Boers would win.' The Kaffir is a stoic. With him, what is, is. I have seen a Zulu's toe orushed by a rock. Calmly he cut the injured member off, tied the wound(up with a rag, and then as calmly resumed work. This stoicism it is that makes the Kaffir such a formidable foe. The native "does not know his own power—due to numerical superiority. Arm him with modern weapons and you build a Frankenstein, who will prove as terrible a conundrum as Mrs Shelley's monster. For despite his schooling and Christianising and civilising, the Kaffir remains a Kaffir, unable to forget - his wrongs, and held in leash only through fear of the white man's death- dealing weapons. Even now the Basutos are considering the advisability of atta'cking the side that will Ioho in the campaign between the contending white men. Let the British be defeated a few more times, and even the loyalty of the Basuto chief, Lerothodi, will not be able to Btem the tide. The only preventive of open hostility, even at this writing, is the par* liamentary form of government of the Basutos. One word more ; the black question in South Africa will yet prove a far. more serious question than the black question in the South. And the white man must Bhoulder the blame, it is his burden. 