LOYALTY. That the loyalty of the Australian people is deeply rooted has been demonstrated by the ebullitions of joyful emotions, the stirring speeches,. and the imposing pageants conse quent on the recent relief of the long- invested Mafeking. It may indeed be but a dream, but perhaps some day trouble of a warlike nature will disclose a similar loyalty in the breasts of Churchmen who now differ not so much in things as in words. Though we are aware that no matter what view .be taken of ecclesiastical loyalty, there will be some prepared to differ from us ; yet we trust that the charity which ' suffereth' long and is kind' will enable us to preserve our equanimity under the lash of the keenest criticism. Hence we venture to suggest a few preliminary thoughts as a basis of better understanding among brethren. By loyalty ,we mean a strict and affectionate adherence to the laws and customs, as well as to the doctrines, of the Church of England. And there are some . points at the outset which need attention, in view of their almost hopeless confusion. Among these we must place the use, or rather the misuse, of terms. For example, we may quote the terms ' Catholic' and ' Protestant,' and a host of others will readily be recalled to- the reader. It is manifest that we are members of the Catholic Church ; it is our glory that we can trace our unbroken descent to the earliest dawn of Christianity in the mother-land. God the Holy Ghost has preserved to us the Catholic faith, and this faith we must be prepared to teach and defend. But there is a vast difference between what is alleged to be Catholic and what is Koman, and between both, and the Catholicism \ of the New Testament and primitive times. S We are not among those who bandy the word ' Catholic' to mean anything from paganism to the latest innovation of the ever- changing Koman Church, but rather among those who adhere to the sober, unassuming, earnest, genuine catholicity which finds expression in both the doctrine and practice of our Liturgy. It is obvious that the distinction which we have mentioned must be drawn in order to emphasise what we believe to be the true position of the Church. To anyone reading the prefaces to our Prayer- Book, and especially the rubrics to the Ordinal, it must be perfectly clear that the appeal of our English reformers was to the New . Testament and primitive times. Surely we cannot improve upon what they found, under the guidance of God the Holy Ghost, to be sufficient ! They have left to us a heritage in our Liturgy and Articles, and in these we find the Sacred Scriptures, not wrested by every man at his will, but interpreted by the Catholic Church, according to the truest of all principles, that the water is purest at the fountain head. Hence the test we would apply to the loyalty of every member of the Church is that of the written Word of God, interpreted by the Liturgy of the Church according to the rites of the Church of England. Does the Churchman seek for guidance as to the inter pretation of St. John iii. ? There is given him clearly, concisely, and impressively the unanimous concurrence of the Church for fifteen centuries, in the ' Baptism of such as are of Riper Years.' Does he ask for guidance in his relations towards those outside the obedience to which he belongs ? He is taught to pray that while they 'may be led into the way of truth,' he may be kept ' from all false doctrine, heresy, and schism ;' and this being the principle throughout, we are convinced that the test which the reformers have supplied is the test which we need in these undisciplined times. Hence we regard the question of loyalty to this principle, which we believe to be truly Catholic, as being imperative to all who render obedience to the Faith. Such then being the case, it becomes the serious duty of clergy and laity alike to adhere to the teachings and terms of the Prayer-Book. We strongly advocate these and no. other. While we cannot conscientiously make use of terms which are not found in, and which are contrary to, the spirit of the Prayer-Book, we claim the right to use every term which is found therein. From the same motive of loyalty to the Church and to the Church's Lord, we regard it the duty of the clergy as well as laity to avoid counten ancing the schism against which they pray. We have no sympathy with those who, although they have promised to use the Liturgy of the Church and no other, yet are frequently found to be the leaders in services of a character quite out of harmony with the Church of England. On the other hand, we feel bound to oppose everything tending to introduce what is at most only alleged to be Catholic. Mediasvalism is not Catholicism; and while heartily defending the latter, we just as heartily oppose the former. 