The local free-trader is not above taking lessons from the amiable Doer in the matter of keeping up tlie spirits of his followers. He is always on the eve of some wonderful achievement. Wo know that Paul Kruger sustains- hts troops in heart by quaint . and fantastical rodomontades about the overwhelming disasters which have happened to the hated rooincks. Steyn produced the catalogue - of British slain, showing the imposing total oE 64,000, while only 800 Boors in the whole war had lost the number5 of, their mess. Kruger gravely assures his troops "that the ultimate success of the Boer anus is certain, and that they would reoceupy Bloemfoutein in a week. Nor is there any room for doubt that tlie ignorant bui-ghei-s suck some com fort oiit of these grotesque mendacities. It lias been so with greater leaders than those who mislead the besotted Boer. Napoleon's bulletins were man-els of bombast and unadulterated invention. But they served their purposes. Victories were magnified; defeats made to look like victories.. The dupes who gave up their lives to tins Moloch believed him invincible. Almost as wonderful was the power of his brag as of his genius. Indeed, some have thought that his genius lay largely in his pheno menal power of grandiloquent deception. Free-trade in Victoria has not' lacked talent of this sort. For thirty years past, ever since i'ts final overthrow in Victoria, it has been constantly achieving victories and ever gnining new. strength. At least, so its emissaries have industriously assured us. Just as the protectionists have gone 011 utilising their accumulated experiences to shape their tariffs with more and more scientific exactness to the requirements of industry, so the ifree-tradcrs have been able to see at every stage the dawn of a bright to-morrow for themselves. At one time I they /.were, quite convinced that .they had secured the 'conversion of the miner. They had so piteously pointed out to him that tlie wicked protectionists were bleeding him at every, pore. that it seemed to them a moral certainty that at the next polling day the mining vote would belong to the free traders. And then, when repeated evidences ; came' that the miner-.was utterly unrespon sive to the sublimity of buying in the cheapest market and selling his labor in ' thb attention of the little cult of fiscal delusionists was turned to the farmers. ' Here at last,.by.an inspiration of genius, was discovered the promise of a cheap and early victory. There was no longer any doubt of it. The disappointments of the past were to be all wiped out in such a sweeping- victory throughout the farming areas as would leave protection a stranded wreck on the'., shores of despair. The. "young lions" were invoked. And they spread themselves out nnd roared through the land. : The , farmers, we were told, were converted in. shoals. Free-trade candidates had only to go up and woo in order to win. But, somehow, something -always went wrong on election day. .Sometimes the farmer was too ibusy in his field to ride in and give his vote. At other times the depraved protectionist played some trick which beguiled tlie innocent electors. But whatever the reason, from one cause or .another the farmer was just as unprofitable a supporter of free-trade as thc.jniner had been, and the last two general elections in Victoria have virtually removed the fiscal question from , the sphere of practical politics. Tlie Parliament of fij-e years ago made a new- protectionist tariff for this colony. AlFp.qrties lmd demanded tariff revision. The protectionist , wanted it because he lmd new trades that required help, and. old duties which Heeded removal. And tlie freetrader wanted it because with him. .there always lives the pathetic hope tliat any change.may be for the better. .The result of. the ;last , tariff amendment ivas to enable this colony to reach the high water mark of iscientifie protection. . And the ; " young ilions, '5.) ceasing .to roar, .subsided with, a whine iuto obscurity. .The elections of . 1894 and ,1897, ;were veritable: Sedans for free-trade jn Victoria. ..The farming consti tuencies seemed to take., a special, pleasure in falsifying , all - the hopes that this unfortunate little band of fiscal fanatics had centred in them.- However, there is always a resurrection for the free-trader, .even if iit be'only a ghost that rises and gibbers. The near approach of the Federation and the elections which will be tlie firstfenturo of tlie new national life finds tlie belated followers of the old cult refurbishing their rusty platitudes, and beginning, all over again tlie game of brag, bunkum and bulletins. Free-traders are reminded that . tiiey' have won. another glorious victory . ip ithe .Federal ...Common wealth Bill. They are now to have free- trade from end to end of the Commonwealth, instead of /theiitercolohial duties of the past. That is a -touch not unworthy of the best efforts of Kruger or Dr. Le.vds. To cite Australian. Federation — which by common admission of even Sydney free-traders is to km eep away hi Sydney at once and for ever the only free-trade, tariff in Australia— as a freentrnde triumph -'evinces at least that the free-trader has hot given up. the profession of. the bulletin". "writer. In his recent melan choly meeting,- lie made other essays of the same kind. Once more ithe -forlorn theorists were tokl that Victorian farmers we're "waiting in myriads' to flock to the free-trade standard; tliat "(Queensland is composed of free-traders almost to a man, and New Souith Wales and Tasmania ditto, while as to Victoria and South Australia, even though they may return a small majority of "pro tectionists to the Federal Parliament, they will be left in a. lamentable minority on the whole. Paul Kruger promising to recapture Bloemfontein,.in alliance witli the Lord, and to swallow up Lord Roberts's army as tlie Red Sea swallowed up Pharoah, is a fair type of this fiscal vaunter. But then Kruger .lias his uses. - ...A bold boast is ,not always wasted breath, (however -unreal it may be. There must be a sort of comfort in it, even' to tlie, boaster . himself. . . Fnlstaff ' often filmed oyer liis-'own.eliicken-lienrtedness by a touch of braggartism; and poor'. Bob Acres fouuu whul'-he deeuieu un uimo'sc supernal consolation in swearing. "Odds "blades, balls 'and triggers." Surely, then, .the free-trader is entitled to what little solace he .can get from, his men of buckram. He sees foiir protectionist, colonies— Queensland, Viitbririj South Australia and: Tnsmnnia— joining with New South Wales in a Federation. ; He knows that of , the 3,000,000 people in the coming Federation, six out of. every seven are at present-'pro- teclionists. His oivn free-trnde lenders in iill thc eolonics have mostly confessed that free- trade is n thing of the past— that the Federal tariff must be a revenue getter to the extent of about £8,000,000, nnd that therefore the Customs duties must be more productive than they are at present. So if in this distress he can pluck up spirit enough to issue one of his flaming bulletins, he, at least evinces' that lie has not lost his old faculty of self-deception. The extraordinary disorganisation of Brit ish political parties is illustrated by the cabled announcement that Lord Rosebery, the Liberal ex-Premier, is going to lead a definite attack upon the Government, based on its inadequate proposals for army reorganisation. All tllie fiercest criticism has hitherto come from Mic Conservatives, who are traditionally the party in favor of Imperialism and of adequate military expen diture. In the latter respect the Salisbury Ministry cannot be regarded as niggardly, for its year's- estimates 'ask for- -no less \ than £61,499,000, as against £20,617,000 last year, for army requirements alone, which will bring the total estimated expenditure of the United Kingdom up to the enormous amount of £155,000,000 for the year 1900- 1901\. What lias excited the indignation of liis own supporters is tliat Lord Lansdowne lias not only made no provision for tlie needed permanent addition to the land forces, but tliat his statements tended to disguise ithe real position of affairs. On 12lih February he told the House of Lords that there were still 110,000 regular soldiers at home, but it turns out that, while this state ment might be correct on paper, there were in fact only 24,307 artillery, cavalry and infantry obtainable for sen- ice left in the old country, the remainder being odds and ends of corps, such as tlie depots of battalions abroad, reservists not called up, and recruits for the new battalions and batteries now being raised. From -the men really avail able, the eighth division, consisting of 0 batteries of artillery and 8 battalions of infantry, lias since been made up and sent to Africa under tlie command of Sir Leslie Rundle. This actually leaves Great Britnin witli only .14 batteries of artillery, 7 regi ments of cavalry and 9 battalions of infantry, in spito of the fact Hint 35 bat-, talions of militia are serving in place of regulars in South Africa and Malta, that nearly 20,000 volunteers are at the front, and that a heavy demand for men lias been made on African and other eolqnies and been generously complied with. These facts show that the existing army system is unable to bear the strain of even a com paratively small war. The Secretary of State for War contem plated no new system to meet the altered conditions of the Umpire. Apart from our immediate South .African difficulties, we have added 2,000)000 square .miles to our territory in the last 10 years, and, in the last few months, by taking possession of Nigeria, witli its land frontier of 1300 miles .conterminous with French and German possessions, linve immensely increased our need " of troops. We,, . shall ' want, for some years, at least 30,000 men in or : around "the Boer ' Republics, no matter in what way their future is decided. To iheet such a - - situation Lord Lansdowne and liis colleagues pro posed to ' add 30,000 men" to the standing army, . to . give . slight ' induce ments to recruiting for the - militia and yeomanry, and - to increase the capitation : grant, to the volunteers. The ready riesponso made by the nati'on to. tlie Empire's needs in the present war lias evidently encouraged the Government "to! believe that the enthusiasm of the moment will be lastingVand suffice to make up for the admitted inefficiency of the present broken down system. Longer sighted statesmen see tliat the problem of the moment is 110 passing difficulty, but lias grown out of -altered conditions which, are permanent. They want the old expensive method of :a paid army radically -reformed, and to have' substituted for it a compara tively small force, Highly organised and amply equipped, ready, for active, service at the shortest, notice, "and behind this a reserve .which shall practically include tlie. manhood of-tlie nation, trained at any rate to be effective marksmen. The necessity for such a change is believed in by "a large number of Conservatives, and it will be strange if. they, find tlieir leader in a Liberal chief who enhnot find amongst his nominal : followers enough support .to ' give him control oyer his-, party. Possjbiy Lord Rosebery's action presages;the discussion of the- army problem on.( non-party lines.;:':.Iu that, case all Conservatives would he free to|- speak their minds ' without fear of wrecking their patty, and Lord Salisbury, will find the. pressure. upon him too strong to resist, or, to allow him to put off uiitii the close of' the present operations a task which brooks no delay. The. Premier of Victoria found liimself in an unenviable, position yesterday "when interviewed by a deputation asking for further -clemency to the unfortunate . girl Maggie Heffernari, whose sentence of death 'for infanticide was; at the strong recom mendation . of the jury, reduced by the Executive fao four, years' imprisonment. Tlie pitiful circumstances attending the case aroused a great deal of public sym pathy, 15,000 signatures to a petition asking for a reprieve were obtained in a few days, and at a well attended public meeting some facts not brought out in the evidence in court were made public. Persons accused of a capital offence are provided witli counsel by the Government, but the amount allowed is so small that it is impossible to get their case properly presented unless private philanthropy adds very largely to the seven guineas to. which the expenses of the defence are limited by the Crown. In this instance only one defence was possible. The girl was convicted on her own admis sion that she had committed her infant to the waters of the Yarra. Her counsel put in a plea that she was irresponsible for her actions at the moment of the crime,. but the only medical .witness examined stated that it, was impossible that- a womiin who retained so good a recollection of the deed as tlie prisoner admitted she did', couId at tlie-time of its commission have been suffer-, ing from puerperal mania.. C Yesterday's deputation,, though it was composed very largely of. women, made no appeal' to Mr. 'M'Leaii's emotional side. It based its claim on behalf of the victims of man's inhumanity on the allegation .tliat this medical evidence; was mistaken, or, at any rate/opposed to the highest specialist authorities, and oh documentary proofs -that ' the prisoner was wciT kn'owh to' be of weak mind, and had not premeditated the dread ful crime, which it will he remembered was executed -in broad daylight, in circum stances- that would have deterred any sane person from hoping to escape' detection. Tlie revision of 'judicial sentences by popular 'retrial is not to be encouraged, and the' Pre mier, whatever his private feelings, was bound to forbid The deputation to hope that its- appeal would be successful; - But he agreed to lay it before liis colleagues,' aiid to consult the medical officers on tlie principal point raised. It was insisted upon by more than one of the. speakers that there were many precedents in which women in Vic toria who had committed infanticide, in circumstances -far more revolting than Margaret Ileffernan, had received a free pardon on the plea now made on lier behalf. Had the girl been in good circumstances and able to pay for her defence, the most of her case would have been made by medical experts on her side. She.sliould not suffer any further mereiy because she is poor, and was friendless at the time of her trial. On n second demand of the deputation, the Premier was able to be more complaisant. He was asked if he would press the Cabinet to bring the Victorian law on a level with that in South Australia, where a man who brings such trouble upon a girl can be made, long before her hour of extremity comes, to provide for her nursing and the clothing of the child. Under such legislation it would have been possible for Margaret Heffernan to have been assured the means of escaping destitution, and despair at the time when she most needed the assistance of the man who abandoned her and left her to bear, alone, the whole bitter burden. Mr. McLean promised willingly to urge an adoption of the South Australian Affiliation Law Amendment Act of 1898 upon his colleagues, after due inquiries as to its working and results had been made. Any measure which will tend to reduce the number and tlie miseries of our Margaret Heffernans, and to make the authors of such tragedies share tlie consequences of their selfish indulgence, would have an overwhelming support from the Victorian public, if only for the reason that the burden of providing for neglected children threatens to become an intolerable tax on this community. 