FLATLOCK'S GHOST. "I)D, you believe is gthosts, luill" Tho nom tihuts otdressed pottsd for t mloment,, us thought doubtful whethelr to express an optnion ritlher one toy or tilh other ?lpon thle subject, todl so plied : "Cth't say, Ilookey, for I'te neer yet see'd one. Anyhuow, 1 ain't agoiu' to s?ay that there ore no such things, for 1 knowt of moro'n onel hlonest andl sober olman who caln spin souo tlllmetnllt •yrnus about tile spooks hIe Ias met with; and I know they wouldn't lie aloutt tie ghost- any mottron' you or I would lie: but I'd just as soon see a0 peoctre with ty owttn teyes before I tell you that L helicve in the spirit busl Itetis guardle repl ty .ettcdt to ealtify I[ooboey, wthb lit his Ipipe, tned look ?ro d tharl llws buleore hl rbe:.uuode tto eouver-,tiotn. "Well. tmte. the ftnc of the mwatter Is thi--- huta firlst, o. lll, you msttl prontli.e to keep Imul,. for I've gott 1 good thitg onl. tod we aotI work it to gethtr if you like. uoly the secret mt-t remllt;in between you I1t10 me only." lill, who ,etuted a. paying job it l pro-pect, pronsetd his ,htt:tt tt oobso?te the strictest secrecy. a:nd waited for futthter particulaers of the mntter t under a I' tre3" t : llltprc.ionl of thi Iln-ity- and ipor'tance" of thie eall iustuitioI i he wui fati to imake. HoklIty staoked slouly aid istractcid ly fir severnal loments hefo're he con diecended to gratify the rapidly-il llceasing tio-lt- of lii?e an ii llintl . , ltol 'lu kco lmene rld Iloll'Ol's • i |\ wliich sta dc tw tields beyoidl the ii lotmeints--.tie pliie with the big gar iell ald tle wlhllnut-treeu?" Bill replied h the aitifi mative. "Well." rloutled Ilut?key eridelttly dolubtful whether he nlts doing the right tlhing ju plincting with the intlr mation. "l'e hInd nie ere on that propert, fr" s?oie little tnime. Tllere' t hi ouyitery- conetectedl with tlteplee which wi? ought to clear up. You hktow how attached old ,ouluiion -cttlms to Ills gardenl, and whalt all ilteret hlie ihas always taken in his crops: buIt iow the plots appear lto lie golllg t the dligs, mid the old chlap. no doubt. o getting too intlitll to look iafter, things like le used to. Then. plerhalps. if you go bhck .everal years, you will renneul her tlhait it was in the ciame house that old Flotlock. the iniser, shelled out, ind lie. too, was a bit of a riddhle. lie raked ill it pretty hier.y htaul of the pieces while he was at it, and people did scly. after the funeral, thait it was not 1I little sutrpisiog that othe old screw left such a .mall sum for the ad niluietrators to dtiride out. Now. I cal see throuigh tie iau. and, with IL littl~ assistance. I reckoin to get at Flhtlock's Iho:rd without his represen totiris getting witut of the uiv ir?"' greedy eixpre-siou of cullltennlleul. "D 30you mein5 to .say you've hit on an old stocking up the chimney. or uhave you coml? aIsor ;I lan Inting Pillers? cNot er?tliy" thUt." re-ponded luouke'y. with a knowing winki: "but I've got a pretty good hint that there'u n griam worth piaying oon Jns.loln's gir tion li we take ont tl. jo, Ieore it's too lht,." Thle eyes et thie other iaittejoirkled as he guessed the meaning of hli chilm'ot .soimewhalt dliioilnted ll obllur re lrk', a:lnd he asked wlJetlher the Illlt ter uiler dicusetion was klown to any '"Not a sutupicionu; thlere's o one he sies you nOd I in the switu." "'1owI- did you get wind of the tlffir. then; hliae you Ieen round .lobhlustto gardlen old scerlted the lcooinr Hiookey wcled u?s he listened to the ilolestioll put by Tils frield; nud tan in voluntlary shiudder seenled to puis through hlill a he replied. in i sepulclhral tuoie of voice: I've ,cll It ghirt!" .t gthost'" rxetloirit the itother. tI gillrillg to worlrll whether tile ulllg of bee. hid bI eern toi illOuch for loikey. nod had got illnto s hoad. "A ghost! Whait ttts i ghost got to do with it ?" '"It's t gllhost thit putt tlr il tihe tick." Ilnoohi' respolltltd. "J're hIed to p..es rot•u. J.Tol..o.'s pIa.ce toite lately elier dark. The tfrot time 1 'ow somllethinig white behindl the iwall o1 t went hIy; but I was too selred to stop. I c?ll tell you. uti wlll . retacihed liote 1 erouldu't help thinking that the lsook ewas collleeted with old Flattlck the mister; nld it struelk te that if this were el, it would tie worth thle while to mlake ii further lequaintanceill with thie ehirchytlud pitty. I pliucked up courlge next nlight oll pnssed the houie alt i prettS ]lite hour; therel ws I white tigure lenlilng over tile wll aud pointinlg dlistinctly into the air den. I took the tip, as you tlay guess, elnd. if ]'in not very mulch tlistallen. wo hitre onlu, i littlle ditgzrig to io ill order to get ot old lletloek's scrp?intg. LThtt's how it strikes Ite, lill, nnd if you think- the game's worth tile rndle, we'll do the thing between usi, itd cry halies D0er the iroceerds." ''lle prospect of a rapid :sequisitioa of wrealth eft Irehsitrrtiorl in ill (;laslnld's minrd as to tlhe desirability of nerrepting Linokey's liberal proposal. The possible rencoatre with a super Ilnatral entity was tile imost disagree nbie feature of tihe otdertnking in view: but this drawback was scouted by both men when they weighed against it tihe probable tinding of n. buried chest cs timated by Hiookey to contain a thon salnd Ipntds or more in ilrd cash : and. after aIl, as Bill reminded hlis chumn, wirro appeasd now uand then to exhibit traces of nrrousllness. tie ghost was writrout doubnt frienrdly irclhned.-or lie would have singled out same other per son for tihe distirrtinction of unearthing tihe buried treasure. 'To-nighlt's the tiule for starting." ITookey went on, after replenishing iis muRg. "Tlre sooner we blsart tire better, or soronire rise. iperhaps. lay get idi first and spoil tir swhole job. fhe nights ailut right, too: there's just enough rloorn on for uis to see what we're rrp to. rand we sha'n't run the riskof giVng oaurselves awna.v i we. shinrldr do if we lind to rise rr lantern. We needn't bother ourselves about old .tonrsron; lie sleeps in tihe front of tihe house, and is as deaf as I briekbat. We can take it in turns to watch tihe road outsirle for anybody who may'be pisos ing." iTheo two men thereupon left the unn, and after paying ia hasty visit to their respective homes, they procured a slmde ipiiee., antd with ia cak each under their arnms, they proceeded in tle. dlirection of ie hauinnted giarden. They were not a little relievred to find that the ghostly teiarut was not in oridenee. Snummoning up acourage requisite for the purlpso they vaulted over thie wall, and made a hasty ex mination of ther surroundtlings. "Seems thatn I'm iust n trifle out of my benrings," whispered Ioookey. "Can't say exnctly where its was that the rapourypartypointed; buttreckon that, the big tree in thlo middlen iook as likely a pare aes onywhere" - "We'l inake n, start close to tihe trurl?. You just keelp your eye up nad down the road while I turn up n.'son ground."' . Girtland did is hr was i bid; and HIookey commenced digging earefully round the big yew treo in the centre of the garden. The result of n fed minIutes' labour disclosed irthing in thie nature of buried treasure. Itfooky then tnppled the trunk of tihe tree, whlieh proved to ire quite solid, nlid evidently was not tihe iriding-ptace of Flatlock's hoardings. Several other trees were then selec ted by the energetic imoney-hunter, with t similar result. Tie more likely rnlIes of the wall were next subjected to i rigid eoxamination; bulL lokiey had again to aebrowlodge hli failure ti loca ete flir rlercabotii of ieisqgirrr4 ''Here, Bill, you'd better lake a turn now with the sp?lde. I can't hit the right spoot from lunemory. I wish thi ghoit would turn i up o]it do thie 'bign isot' bhuciosi ogiaio. You'd better try your luck while I keep sentinel on tile roud." Iun response to tlookey's jerked-out. ;enteoees Gasland uiumped into the gar tden; and. witlh the former on the look-out for chance strangers, the scerch was continled foI nnother hllf tioor or more, but notlltil?g o imlport-' once rwas tirought to light, hift tlhe gardeni had beeni turned over. and tlhe tly pIart left lundeg were thie open ibeis. 'hesra were tthen s?utjecte?i to tie joillt iittlleiks o Gaslltd's bpaldo and nilu old crowbar which Itnokey had discovered near tlhe oulthouses. Tile cAhy ic Ws gradeoally ielelllllig overclst, alnd a there aptieared to be 0no possibility of interruption, the watcth o (the tllhorouglifure oiutside war given up, whilo both mell set to ork ill real ericest ill order to fliishl their work of excavatiolln duringi tile shiort spore of tile it their disposail. Knowing that they would have nr l i llrtunult tbiter Oil i trosel utnlng thieir ;ealrcl, tile two worked like veritable demons. until there was hardly ia squarile foot of grundl left for examintllion. T'heu clock fromt tile viltlge iboomled outl tile hour. It was considerably latler Lhlnll Iloolkey. iunlgiined. MJ[tter ing sluldry condemnationi in everey ti lyl in lgelerlli, a dit tilt IllelllO of hltl FliilrOTk lliit ttie glost in tltr ticular. ihe tlimbedt the wiitll, and td for homlle, followed by Ii is lequally dis gistel partnier. .. '"It's l bit awkward." said 1Bll (;a:s and. as lie took the riar of hli chte. 'that ie should hlaveo poilt our clltlloisc of hlaving aiother look round by Icol i:g tle trilr , of nlt seelli l,llbil I've iai dloi( iltorre's ilothliig to Ie fonlnd tilt Joliiaesis pl'elliseo. Mark iy word, tlhoighl, I sboll 5ii.5" Ike s?IgatsI nl the outside of the wall nil the imel, and as soon a old? .1. will have forgotteu allout the turaning lvr of hi gardenll we'll limake othler inspection-that is, if the salook doesn't. give the tip away to iot0on0o else." A fet tlays after thle nloctlllal ex riavtioilis ill Jolihool's gardeln hllo talikel plalee., le Ilomystlery wis ?oddellly cleared up by o1d .Iolnasaiuln Ilsellf. Ile laid lieen imbibdlllg hliself solnewlilat freely, onll, fildinig himself ill ia llther more tonulati ieatiwu fmnl o aof noinld thalinu suall, lie lIet oil lthe secret to Ia ifrlieill of thIe mnidliglLt ldventureers. "It wlasli' it bid ruse of mlline," Io said, hle gardenl was rtaunilg just about wild. weeds everywhere. tI couldn't ilttend to it; the rleouualnllsl kept loe iiloors, btt lhe pdce Ilbla to b dog over, nlld I jst Ilried tile trick as a blpec'. The white sheet Iutl the laths did the work well. I rememloibered sometllhing abiolt the "lluntloek' yairns, tnud I reekonled thlat lookey, when lie haid to colam by ofter the 'pull' was closed. would se tile guy aId lltake (li hint. lie saved ie ai welek's work is ia silgle ioglt, awl it cao't take liiig nlss to lec'lI e Illlot llld gel tihe lilu s in.' TIn story coonu spread, aud becaot the general topie of cotversation int the village. The nltecesaiy roli toliellce followed. and it. was not until ni cn sideolalse periild ,of tnni hllild elahpsed that llookey llld I chllmlll ill (tilallild were able to t'ealp thle pernsecution which they had blrought upon tloheml selres by their midnighl seltrch ftler Flatl~mce's iningitlary honrd. 