( Shipping: on the Rivers. The freight question is engrossing the attention of farmers on the varions rivers on the Not th Coa=t, especially from the Bellinger to the Manning inclusive. Meetings have been held and leagues formed, wirb the view of establishing lower tariff rates than those that have for annie time prevailed. Oa the Nambucca an opposition steamer to the N.C.S.N. Co. has entered the trade, and is being supported at a moderate scale cf freights in prefer- ence to the Company's cuo lineB. Tba Bellinger is endeavmring to follow in the wake of the Nam- bucca. On the Macleay, the Farmers' Union ia threshing cut. the freght qa-s ion ; thoi-e who accepted the undi rent tariff temporarily introduced till the opposition waa removed now p»ying dearly the increased levy, with interest, thai has'been been imp sed aa a result of crushing the rival steamer cue of the trade. The Manning farmers are entering into a bond to protecc their interests as regards fi tights, and are utging a reduction to reasonable charges, or oppcsiiion will be invited. The " Farmers' Co-operative News " thus reft-rs to this question :-An element of co-operation in the eteam service to Sydney is being demanded by the farmers of the North Coast. For some time past a movement has been on foot to arrange lome unan- imity among shippers, so as to secure a voice in freight charges, and the times of departures of boat*-. These have up to the present been deter- mined i ntirely by the shipping enrr-pmies,-and to suit their own convenience. The fact is becoming nure and more apparent to the North Coast farmers that a g'ut or a famine can be made on the Sydney markat hy the handling of the river boat?. The North Coast is now the largest factor in our produce trade, and any irregularity in the arrival of thea i large consignments mnst disorgan- ise the-maiket, and so affect prejudicially the farreen,' interests. Irregular shipments interfere with the evenness of values, and aa a co-.sequence give an openii.g to speculative buying, whish is never in the interests of the coni-ignor, A short time back particular attention was drawn to the flooding of the maize market, through a number of the boats crowding in. on tcp of one another, causing a decline in prices! juat at a time when,, with proper handling, consistent values could have been mainta:ntd. The batter c-nrket ? cannot, of course, be affected so completely as the maize market or the pig eales ; but the fact remaics that all three can, more or leas, ba icflueuced by the running of these boats, which form the outlet for the whole of the North Coast produce trade. This ia not as it should be. No outside carrying company Bhould have it in ita power to interfere or affect tbe market values of the farmers' produce, for if it has, then assuredly that power -will he turned to good account by rome shrewd business man-not for the benefit cf the producers, but to line his own individual pucket. Thia whole question of shipments, is one which tte farmer.-t in a large measure are able to remedy.' lb requires unanimity and concerted action. It means co-operation. If shippers band together and demand that boats frhall leave at certain times to catch certain niaikets.-tbey must get what they de-irp, provided the product they handle ia in sufficient quantity. If oce company won'c do it, another can easily be fcund, for boats are always available for payable freights. But the only cer- tain voies to speak with and command attention is ooperaiion. Form a Shippers' Union of some kind, determine what h ri quired, and how griev- ances ure to be. altered, and show that unless the boats are to be run to suit the requirements .of the Union, shippers must make arrangements else- where. Then, perhaps, with the cc-operativa machinery of a Shippers' Union at work, it might be found of advantage to charter a boat and mn it in the interests and for the profit of all shippers concerned._ SUICIDE AT SINGLETON.-Considerable conster- nation was manifested at Singleton on Monday at j the information that Mr. Thomas Eather had! cjm mitted suicide. It appears that his son, on going to mi k, could cot & d the h g lope, and on entering the.Btable was horrified to nod bis father hanging to a rafter by the missing legrope. Deceased wes a well-known stock-dealer, and latterly informed his wife that his affairs were not tn the most aatir factory condition. This did not appear, however, to concern him a great ¿eal. A few days ago he was robbed of a £5 note, half-sovereign ' and a watch. The lo3S cf the latter grieved him very ranch, ss it was a keepsake. Mr.- Eather wa» £6 years of age, and a native of Cookfightera' Creek, Tu« A.M.P. SOCIETY.-Mr. W. Affleck, M.P., writes : I see in several newspape-s a letter over the signature of Joseph Abbott, Chairman. One very great oVjection to the papers sent out ia-the envelope for return is addressed to Sir Joseph Abbott, so that the officers may be able to open them on reoeipt, instead of as they should have been, sent to the scrutineers to ba opened'only when they met to count the vote?, as in the case of the elcc'ion of Directo». Under Buch a plan, what is the use of scrutineers ? THE DIOCESE OB GRAFTON AND ABJIIDALE. We (Armidale Erj¡m$)learn that that the Board of Electors to the Bishopric of Ballarat met Ihst Thursday evening, and that the election of BUhop Green (originally made tn July last, but invali- dated through irregularity in procedure) waa repeated. Tho installation of the Bishop-elect will taka place in Ballarat Cathedral on December 6th. The Bishop will officiate once again in Armi- dale, viz., on Sunday, Nov. 25th, when be proposes to hold an ordination. Meanwhile, he will visit Grafton, Tenterfield, Glen Innes« Gunnedah, Tam- worth, Manilla, and possibly^two or three other centres ia order to aay farewell to these pariahes. Ike See ot Grafton and Armidale will become vacant en December 5th, and the admin'stration will then be aasumtd by the Vicar General (Archdeacon Moxon), pending the election of the fresh B:shop. THU BLACKS.-Constable Aden and party came acroas. the Wacks' camp one and a half miles tram the junction of Chichester «ad Little Biver, and saw on», whom they supposed to be Joe Governor, dart into the scrub, No shots were fired, and they could not see Jimmy. They found about 200 rounds of ammunition, also tea, sogar, and dam- per, an old coat, a bu'caer'a knife, a file, a bullet mould, and about half a flask of powder. The] have searched the ¡-crab thoroughly, but without success. The black* stuck up a man named Lore at Chichester Biver, sixteen miles from Dungog, They said they were the Governors, ¡¡and tool several loaves of brea'', some tea, and sugar. JACK, THE EIPPKB.-Jnck the Kiprer is d-ad He died (says "Figaro") in a private lunatii asylum in England unknown to the .majority of the puMio, bat his identity was fully eatablichee some time before his death. He was a medica a'.udent of good family and consideiable means and there is no reason to suppose that when hi family first pot him under forcible restraint the; had any idea that he was the author of the White chapel horrors. Two p ominent journalists, G. B Sima and T. P. O'Connor, M.P., are among the fet who know the facts of the case. The whol matter has. b^n kept very da»k, aa it waa fel no good end would be eemd by re-openicg tb ease. The pelice authorities, however, were awar of the circumstances, and undoubtedly felt relie re when this human fiend gav« up the ghost. The "GraLd Old Maa" of China, Li Hon Chang, is the grtatss; statesman in Asia. Li i enormously rich. He has gained his wealth (saj I the "King") by usury and every other kibd e I extortior. No man baa probably run the ri-k c j loaing his head more often than this wily Chinee but on one occasion, when sent fur the parpóse c I execution, he arrived with an army of 10 OOO mei which so upset his would-be destroyer»' calculi i tions that they presented him with his yello ' jack-t instead. Li Hung Chang is close on SO, bi i be still stands 6ft in his shoes, and holds himae like the son of Ansk that be is. John Hennessey, a fireman on board the Rooktoi h*d lOia of the c »If of hia leg torn away by a sha) while bathing at Townsville. 