SKLERS 1WLL ;OR &" LOVE. ROM4ANCE \- C1APTER- IV. *. AreRuitRLE.cnARrE. - Mrs. Martley looked blankly into the face of :he servant, 'What do'fu imean?"shi faltered, brokenly, afteria long pause.. . " Who is dead? What is the matter?" Y . iAnd once mtore ther-woman gasped forthltheterrih!e'story. A bhidy-,the body of awoman young and fair had been fouind in the Hartley gronnds, stone dead firehours. " Who she was, and howi she caine there, were mysteries is ret unsolved. , Itapidly the servant related the awful dis covery. Mlrs Hartley's face became ghasitlj white. She sank ito a iseat. and.liftqd oni white, jewel-starred hand with an .impeious gesture.- . SC 1"s" pI Tsat is enousighi whole 'hot. ;b·Lraptrrol horroris., I ill heal no more Co an diatieni dt5our duties.'. The woman obeyed in-sullen silence, and.w hen the doer hid closed behind her, Mrs. fartly starred to her feet and faced her daughter, white - and trembling 'V hat shall we do?" wriiging her wrhite Lands wildly, "and wihre in the. world is your lather that he does not clme to me with the news buf'leaves it to, a servant to shatter tmy. nerves with the aw ul tale? Altl 'there he is now, thank hoodt.tss! David,"' as Hartley, Iale ard agitated, entered the room and. sank helplessly into the neirest seat, ' for the love of heaven tell ie what is wrong? Whit has hap pened? Iurrton has been here with an awful tale, to which 1 refused to listen." David Hartley. shook liis head slowly. *.Ada, it is true, all true," he re peated slowly. "Come and see for yourselr." He irdicited the grounds without She shrink birck with a cry of terror. "No, oh,.no! And yet perhaps- I may he able to identify the boldy. If you think it advtsahbe, David " Be .opened the door. I tiink that you had better come, and Blinche and Myra also. An drisirour .darkness gathered over his fise a. that name passed his lips. People will think it strarge if you do not show some feeling. He lihad toiuched the right chord ie ithat cold wrldly hiart.. She moived towards the door with swift lootsteps, then;halted and glanced back. '"Where is ihat girl? Where is M.yra? I' hae not seen her to-diay, :ioe"ý ' sý]ounio, :d her a.,y. \\\ ý can endure no more, Blanche and I. And slow Hector has slhornan in erest in er., Be saw her list night" David Hartley's face darkented vis ibly. He went over to the iwindow and glanced out in seairch of the t offenrder, but Myra was not there. He turned away. And so the trio got out into the grounds together out to an unustied buildimg where, upon a long I table, something .)as lying still oh,' so still! Ai grosp of pale, awe itricken people were gathered round; they fell I back in respectful silence as the master of the house mditred, with the two shnrnking, trembling women in his wake. "Sims?" "Yes, sir." Thegaideier stepped swiftly for ward. "Mrs. ' Hartley. and M.iss Blanche will look at the bodj. Hive you, or has. anybody identifiid the body, Sims?"' - tims bowed his head deferentiilly, and-said: "Ns sir.r" He. turned down the white sheett ahich.covered the rigid face, and Mrs. Hartley aiia- her daughter glanced fearifully towirds it A fair, childish c little face,with half-open blue. eyes, pretty face Ira' d.in by-yellow hair, with a babyish Buth, the white lips } drawni backin i ghastly line fronm the 'r pearly teeth: Mrs. Hartley recoiled with a stifed shriek. "Enid?" she panted wrildly. "Oh, B!arche, di:'t you see? It is Enid . Raynor. I'.Jr little Enid who used ti to sew for ,. She lived in .11rtle C did this hap"en ?" o She turned about and confronted c the gardener, standing neir, pale and 'sl still: Sinks bcwed his. head with a a grimt, expesaion settling upon his 6 rugged teaturfs. it Let.them answer thit. as kn3ws, ma'am, te returned bitterly. " Some g1 of them fine ci..'s that was herelast h night can tell )cu all about it" s 5l'}at do you mean?" sher de-. a mat drd in a husky whisper. " Sims, c is you k.ts or strulpct anything come St utLt it the'lt use at once and tell tme at al. I dnstat.d it." - ct I f re a a aSi erce fora brief space, tt at tl is.n b.t.s raid : " 1'm bt tiet3 in fise: inutes." M:,. Ilfarticy nt.vted asay,)ollowed aI Lct'e. y.) Imar.chr. Sr.tr witin the hot se back iii the hI b:c> kn- st-t'ttull H1is nialtltey ,"grtew isiagrly ralit,. It was a: though'a Sh sudtn siletce b'ad cone upon her site. She rent Hlar.he away, ard sa s:at, d heistlf to aawiit the gtldercrs cr' arr vl." Sne had not lorygto wait: ' rat ilet at the door, and a morrent later the` gardiner stoid l.e ot e I e r : hi Sa ic up wsith terror filld CJCS aidd s ad t I r,- sittes ~iri~l pro-si~sly airmtr-c·-'i S'Ifyou ;please, miamin, Rtdo sound Sbad for, aservant. to-tell tales on. a o gentlepan as has been a-callin' here; but the truth is theatruth. i.I think a, Ive donp right, and.I was afeared to ttell master. And He Ihesitated a .moment, -and. then d drew from a capacious, pockt some e thitngwrapped up ina piece of news id paper . With hands tbat had trembled in spite of him, he unrolled the paper i andsomething fell upon the carpet; at re hisfeet. He stooped and picked.it SuP gingerly, half fearfully handling the thing, with alook of~lprror, and aver sion upon his face. It was a pocket thindkerchief, a gentleman's handker Schief of fine cambric with an elaborate mn onogram, n one corner -hardly dis tingulshablepow,' Iowever, for the .uwhole iisninkerchiefwas. aturated with rr ""'-*t were found' a liyini uinder the body, maam,' he :splained solemnly. " You'll see.there is a monogram an d the corner." et Mrs. Hartley's eyes glanced at the d daiirity embroidery, and fell back wiih a lowroan. Could it be possible? er hid she jumptd too swiftly to a con lc clusion? For she . recognised the ut mIonogram.:. She had seen it before s upon note-papeir, and other - personal e effects of its owner. T'he embroidered is initials were "C. O'S''" - s * Simns"-she lifted, her frightened Fe eyes to the gardenet's dioubled face e " do you know or have you any idea on wtauwas the owner of this handker P, chief? Do aou know anything of this n unfortunate occurrence ?"' to Sims looked grave. " If you please ma'am, I don't like id to tell what little -I .know about it; the law won't listen to what eI spect But Enid was allers a dflirty : little thing-no harm in her, though and there's lots o' gentlemen as used to pay her compliments, ind seemed to ) he i lore with her All I've got to say is this. I've beenknowin' to the gal's If being friends with some o' the fine gentlemen, and I've told her many's the time thit she was -windin' a bad Sthread for herself. But, ma'am, when ,a woman is once sot in her own way and is detirmined uptn a cettain course s.'specially if there's a man in the case Ls there isn't no way o' stoopin' her! She'll take no -advice. And last night 1 in seen her in the grounds these ihere vd very grounds-with a gentleimani the owner o' this hasndkercher, no doubt. 'IThey was walkin' among the trees to is gether, and then went down to the fur , end o' thegrounds in company. That's -ý rnoUiid .1munr iiiiir eiFd 'Shisnominin' . Iayin' on her face in the grass, anrid the it blood astaindin' in a great purple pool all rouod her, aind she stone dead. . Heaven rest her soul !" SMrs. Hartley was much moved, and i then said; " Wliit is to be done ? have any it steps.been taken; Sitns, .to- to-" " Arrest him ? Yes, ma'am. If you g please, I didn't want to tell you afoie, and master, he dori'i know a word o' Sit yet, but. I thought you all would 11 blame me if I didn't give the alarm, r and so I spoke to the officer who came over from the city. He went back is quickly, ma'im, and he had good luck in taking the party, and Mr. Charlie O'Shea was arrested for the mur der! r . Whatl" There was a wild cry, and the sound e of flying footsteps,- and at the open r window stood Iyra,. pale and wild Seyed, with a look upon her face Mrs. Hartley never forgot. "What do you mean ?" she gasped, brokenly. " Charlie-Mr. O'Shea arrested for murder of that giri? You t ust be mad!" '" The law will attend td all that," d observed Mrs. Hartley striving to 'be Scalm. a '' Iris fsise I It is false "' moaned Myra, wringing her hands in mad des pair. Charlie OShena is the truest, t noblest man in tne world i Aunt Ada, he shall- be saved, if it lies within human power I" GCreat consternation reigned through dut the city wshen the'awful news was I told., Down in the Darlinghurst prison, t Chirlie O'Shea-ale and quiet-sat' r of his itends visited him in his lonely I cell-,i'nd'slpkke iroilof kindly friend- L ship and goo'd cheer.. His eyes danced. a, - little, with the old light, for he was ) fIl of hope, as he was conscious of his innocence - i Myra moved-about the house like a - ghost. She had evideitly made-up I her mind to keep her own counsel, so u she said little concerningChairlieO'Shea v and the crime with which he was a charged. Blanche watched her with b stnister eyes. If ever a women hated si another, Blanche Hartley hated her si cousin, and never lost an opportunity n to stab her to the heart with bitter C words' -b So' time slipped by, and the day al appointed for the trial was iiahand - p Then caile thek scene in the court- b house. ýAn' imitniense crowd, of course. ir yss cr before had the officials witnessed at such a scene. n .Like a marble iiiagc Miyra Hartley it sat in a retired corner, outof range of di curious observers, and the trial com- at suei.etd. It was not going to be a w lengthy out, after all, for the ritnesses st were sew O;d Suins testified to finding th the bi.dy at-seveni u'clock the miorning min suner the bill at St: Elmo TIhe hand- to kerchi, il e:aring Charlie O'Shc's wull- O hi, in isai s-nrma was biriut inht bt cut. .t rtad idoniifid bty the.prisonr h .1iat (,,hi'osiiic I.) hhca I~risdusalau deying shy, acqiuaintance i·hatcsi'r with the dead girl ; Enid Rasi or s.. astranger to him,,he declaLed I;ur circumstantial evidence iwas plh <upi, isountainhigh, and cirtcuitstantiti.l v dence has consigned me iioi ithieailiis before now.. And then. just at the moment 'l tin the case looked blackestifor the pia soner a slender. black rebed fiturc a drooping, trembling little figure stepped timidly into the witness box id Like one in a dreamn, Chiarlie O'Shea sat a with his eyes riveted upon the childish ; face, white as 'driven' snow, and the sk gold-brown eyes sofull of pathos. They to lilted themjelves'wiih a fearless earnest ness,which somehow carriedcoiviction :n with it, to the grave face .of the judge, e= and then swept beseechingly over the 's- twelve men who held Charlie O'Shea's :d life in their hands. er S. If you please Sir-' at .The sweet voice trembled so that it it was scarcely audible. Then she caught ie a glimpse of a haughty, beautiful' face r- in the midlst of a'group of the prisoner's t-. friends-the proud, dainty face of " the r- woman who had already been pointed to out to her as Isabel Vrarian, and at s- sight of that face with its calm, surprised is expression, Myra Hartley voice grew Lh fins arindclear. " 'if "you iplease, sir; !,she repeated,. ie " iteould not hiae.beenr Str. Charlie y. O Shea :who .:did the awful ' deed n even if he were so bad-anid I know that it is not .possible, because te the inquest and the trial both prove h that the murder was commited at ? about midnight. And I was with Mr; it-. O'Sihea 'myself at that hour,- sir, and te urntil after one o'clock. re " An awful, ominous silence settled al down over the court-rooni. i She stood' d still as the dead,. and knew that she had rung her own death knell. Such d aconfession would sound bad, and she, \- innodentand good asshe was, knew that a it would be su. r- A nmurmur ran through the court is room-a low murmur which was quickly subdued, as the judge, with a look of intense surprise flashing over his e cilm, impassive. features, turned to the it white faced, trembling girl. at " Do you comprehenrid-are you fully ty aware of the importance of what you \- are sa)ing, Miss Hartley ?" he asked, da little huskiniess creeping into his to judical voice, in spite of himself ry Myra bowed her head for an instant, 's then up it rose again with a haughty ie little gesture. 's ' 1 undrestand, sir; I thinkri I fully d realise what I am saying. I amnt upon my, n oath, your honour.' d The judge bit his stern lip to sup \- press a smile which was about to creep into existence there. It ' Are you aware,". he continued, I calmly, his eye still fixed upon hier e white, liltyface, ' thait if ihe prisonercsari le prove an alibi he willb'e exonerated t. set free? You know the meaninig of a- the word alibi? - ir It was Myra's turn to smile now. S ' I do, your honour.. alibi means r' beyond a doubt that Charlie-Mr. e O'Shea-wai elsewhere at the time iI the awful deed was coimitted, he will 1\. be exonerated. But suppose he, being guiltless all the time, should be' unable d to prove an alibi, it would be a horrible in ustice to punish. lhimi 1 Why, sir, y if he iwere to be condemned to-to- the " gallows"-stopping short to choke down u the lump in her throat which impeded her utterance-"It would be legalised r' muider !'" d There was a faint though speedily. 1, suppreissed, burst of applause from the e furt.-er corner of the crowded court k rooin. The judge iried hiard to look k uncoiicerled, but somehow made a e failure of it. r "'And do you eialise, my child." said the judge, slowly, "that by your confession you are compromising your. d self by.- - : n Charlie O'Shea starited, patlid and I- trembling. . " Your honour,-I beg your pardon, but I must speak. This is teririble l I, IDo as you. please with mie,-but, for \- Heaven's sake, keep this young lady's au name out of discussion. 1 would rather be execuled for a crime that I never coimmitted than have her suffer in any e way through me." T'he judge motioned the prisoner to f i be seated, and Charlie sank back with a a suppressed, groan. His honour t turned once more to Myra. You understand me ?" he asked. a SThe drooping golden head uplifted itself once more.. \- ' I suppose I do," she faltered,i Sbrokenly; " but you see, sir, I am only telling the truth, and there isb nothing to be ashamed Elmo,!Uncle Hartleys, for-for-my ti father has not lotng been dead, and I do' r not care for gaiety in any way ;'but .I :Aunt Ada=AMrs Hirtleqs 1id, tat'l1 iniglit.go into the grounds to see 'the illumination. So, abouteleveno'clock -no, it was fifteen minutes past eleven, I remember, for 1 glanced at the clqck t upon lhe stairs as I came down-1 ti wentout into thegrounds, and wandered t away to where there were no Ights, b but the moon was shining brightly.., I seated myself upon a rustic seat which stands under the big oak tree, and I had It not long been there when Air. Charlie O Shea came along. It ,might. have been'twcnty minutes to twelve or there- i. abouts, when ' he came. He seemjed H pleased to see me.' We had . meet before down at my old home iii 'Parra. matta; so he sat down, anzd we talked hi and tilked. Timetewent by, anid we did O not nolice how late it was till weheard the, clock in the stable-yard in the distance strike one. Mr. OShea looked i at- his watch in the moonlight, and it was just five minutes past one. I started up, quile frightened, for I knew h that Aunt Hartley would be angry with me if she knew that I had remained so long in the grounds talking with Mr. O'Shle So I bade him good-night, but he insisted upon walking up to the thi house with me. I am glad now that he Ns did, because 1 can prove that hepenot straightjnto the drawing room, waili Iffi ei.dtiriii . t iP't. -My", cousin, M -s l.,1.cini I 'hi`. \, "wa5 In tlie ha l, an, ut sasw ig-, gir .::e st.airs, and there are I up di unless a diizcn Iouple wirho can d vi- tctily tiat Mr. O'Shea entered the d as rusiia'in- ouia'it .about thesamn time. As lur conlliromising pmself in iany' et wray, sourhonour, 1 .am innocent of ~i any intintional harm. I have only., \- told the truth. 1 did nothing wrong a \- only in my disobedience of Aunt. t i ;Hartley, for she did not wish me to mnix 8 sat i.\i h her guests. Thstis all 1 have to sh say, sir. Please may lg now ?" he The judge na 'ded acquiescence. the a ey jurynmen glanced into each other's 1 st. ates, the prisoner drew a long breath of. an relief, It waIs allover-al over. - 'e, "All tie hope, and the fear, and the he longing; i's 1ll the deep, dull pain and the awful anguish of patriencea I" Charlie O'Shea was a ftee man, aind Mt yra Hartcy iad niade hinaso. The ft brief formalities were ended, and cc Charlie left the prisoners box -e 1 's stepped intothe court-room xuonerated I he -cleared from the awful charge. ince . ed there he was surrounded and cun at gratulated by his friends with' eager d delight, and greeted by his brother; 'IrTrisirn, with efbisive affection. But Charlie made hsi way sraiglht through t'hi hrcowd lIookiiinnheither to the rignt ' nor leii." S " W'hereis. Myra , liss 'Iartley ?" w:l e asked eagerly. "Li:must see her se -and-and thank her ! God bless CC her noble heart! she has saved my at lifel"-' Ir; ;'But there is no trace of Myia to be td found. She had vanished from the court-house, and as far as Charlie id O'Shea could discover; she had dis ad 'appeared as though the earth had he opened and swallowed her up. h \Yhen Myra left the witness-box and Ce, made, her way terough the gaping at crowd, she hastened to where the Hartley's were sitting in state. She ilt exprected to be receited with silent re ly bike, to put itselt into words when of home was reached, But she was niot us prelpared for the frigid glare of.silent he contemit with which her aunt and couihs met her. Nut a word or sign ly that they sympathised with her un au pleasant predicamuent; only a swilft, d, cold, freezing glance, and the pale, is scornlul laces were speedily averted. Myra's heart bounded with angry re It, sentcnt. It was unjust, it was cruel; ty it was horrible for theni to treat her thus iii the presence of that gaping, curious 1Y crowd. Sne crept to David Hartleys iy side, aind.ventured to lay her hand upon his arnm. PI Uncle David" in a low, faltering P voice "I wish to--" t 1ush I -low dare you attenmp: any di excuses for -your ýunpaidonable con ar duct?? Go house :- go'back to 'iiiny house ,n at unce YoutIiill finid 'the phaeton outside; Brarndsill drive you home. of Get out of iy sight beloe I do soue thing in public which I. may re gret." "t~ndcl n~davd is-ill sr.aai. ~.haeo - gdoe n avid.i'a wrong.. 1 nave only told r. the rutn. W5ould you have allowed. 1c Mr OStbca to die for auotuer's crimne ? ill David Hartley shrugged his shoul 'g dens. Ile - " It is none of nmy business and it In should be none of youis. -A woman's r, first duty is to lherself, to keep, her e own name pure and : untainished. STnere may have been no real harm in your teIdea-Ide with Mr O'Shea, but it was unconventlional and not the cus tom in civilised society for a young ly lady to- indulge in conversation with C a young man in thegrounds so late at t night" k. "But 'Uncle. David, Blanche was a walking witfs Mr Cantle. alone in the garden for hours; yet you and Aunt Abda seem to think that all right. And Sanyway'l could not stand idlyby -and Ssee an innocent man condemned-to Sdeath, or to a life-long imiprisonnment , d whch is Lven worse than death, wheni I knew iliat he was not guilty. I could not and would not l" "Are you going to obey me ? Go at r once; the carriage- is waiting. Your aunt aind cousin will drive with uie in the victoria. I will attend to jyour .r case later on." Y Myra needed no urging:. She had but ine desire, that was to'get away Sflruo tlhe courti-room, from the- crowd and its staring eyes fixed upon' her as r though trying to read her. thoughis. WVhat bad she done that was so strange and monstrous ? Melciy told the truth; saved an innocent man 1 from an ignominious death, or a death in life imlprisonment. IHer heart. thrilled wildly at the thought of his escape. She pIassed through the open door of that she had been instrumental in his release.' bhe found the phaeton with Brand in attendance, and' was soon out of town and back at St 'Elmo. Right through the groups which pressed about him, Charlie O'Shea made his way, pausing only' to thank the kindly syqppathisers, yet feeling all the time that Ivith all their- sympathy and good will not one of them would have done for him what the young girl had done two hours before. " Where is she ?" he muttered, as he left the court-house and glanced up the streeLt. And then his eye felt upon a car riage, the family victoria'of Mr Danid Hartley. 'Wth hurried footsteps hb reached its side Mids Hartley and Blanche were already seated, and upon he front seat Mir Hartley and Tristram O'Shea, Charlie fell back inrolun tarily, then suddenly advanced. " MarHartley," with a little tremob in his voice as he held out his hand 1 s wijh to thank your niece for her noble deed to-day. lay l speak with her ?" To BE CONTINUEI ' Jinagle: "De- Couray Smaythe bossi that ihe en trace his ancestry back to th' h'urlneaes' - hi \- Winle: " Wellhe Iioreauai' ar dead, and'thsr'won't zuidd.'--4 