THE COMPACT. (By Ernest Favenc.) INTRODUCTION. IN the railway carriage my fellow-traveller was an apparently elderly man, wearing blue spectacles. As I am naturally of a talkative nature, and fond of scientific discussions, I accordingly sought to draw him into conversation. At first he was not responsive, and replied to me only in monosyllables, returning immediately to his paper, which he held before him as though wishing to conceal himself. I was not to be deterred, ,however, and plunged into the middle of a subject which was then occupying my thoughts. " Do you believe," I said, " in the prptelnaceousness of all forms of protoplasm ?" He gave an unaffected start of dismay, and gazed somewhat fiercely at me. " I have not studied the subject sufficiently to give an opinion," he said, curtly. " But," I said, " take for instance the effect of galvanism as applied to producing contraction of the component parts of the fundamental substance. The very same effect can be produced upon matter which contains only two of the elements common to both, and chemical analysis as applied to the living subject——" " No you don't," he cried, starting up, and showing himself to be a tall, athletic man, much younger than I had supposed. " Not -alive ! I defy you." " My dear sir," I stammered ; " you must have completely misunderstood me.' " I have not misunderstood you. You have tracked me down somehow, but you shall never live to boast about it. I'm going to throw you out of the door," and he gripped my shoulder. The train was then crossing a viaduct, with the tops of tall gumtrees far below us. " Do you mean to murder me ?" I faltered, for I felt quite helpless in his grasp. " Call it murder ?" he said. " I call it self defence." And he opened the carriage door. " You are an agent of Allison's, and as such deserve no mercy at my hands." " Allison !' I cried. " Never heard of the man, and have no more evil designs against you than a helpless nomad." He seemed to hesitate. " I may be mistaken. I should not like to kill you without reason, but I scarcely know whether to let you off or not." After blinking at me doubtfully for some time, as if still debating the feasibility of throwing me into the next gully we passed, he, to my great relief, closed the door, and released my shoulder from his clutch. " I owe you an apology," he said, as he sat down, " and I believe I acted hastily ; but your words were suspicious, as you would admit if you knew all." I thought that throwing a man from a railway carriage over a viaduct was a hasty sort of proceeding, but accepted the apology without question, as just at that moment we plunged into the darkness of a tunnel. When we were in the middle of it, my companion laid his hand on my shoulder, and shouted in my ear, " Properly speaking, I am a dead man." " Don't joke about such things," I said, nervously, for I was convinced now that I was shut up with a lunatic. " Pooh !" he said, " I don't mean that I am a ghost ; but, properly speaking, I should be one, for I've been dissected, cut up into little bits." " Unless you are a little more explicit I am afraid that I cannot quite follow, you." " Will you swear not to reveal to anybody for at least a fortnight what I am going to tell you ?" " I will readily promise that." " It's a long story, so don't grumble if you get bored." The remarkable adventure he then related to me made such an impression on me that I begged him to allow me to make notes as he went on, and from these notes I have written out the following story. PART I. Never mind how I came to be reduced to the state of poverty in which Christmas Day of 18— found me, but poor I was and as destitute as man could be. I had neither money nor home, nor clothes worth speaking of. Cold, hungry, and houseless in London during a bitterly hard winter —that was my then condition. Of course I was gazing into a cookshop like the typical starving man of fiction, and if this part of my story seems rather stereotyped I cannot help it, it Is perfectly true. " What a splendid physical development," said a voice behind me, " that is to say, if properly filled out. Allow me"—and the speaker extended a gloved hand, and pinched my scantily-clothed ribs in a critical manner. I turned round hastily, not liking the liberty. " No offence meant, pray pardon me." I surlily d——d him, and was turning away when he followed and passed his hand under my arm. He was dressed in a fur-lined overcoat, with the high collar turned up above his ears, and a fur cap, such as they wear in Germany, was upon his head ; and all I could see of his face was a well-shaped aquiline nose and bright, gleaming eyes. " Now, pocket your pride and answer my questions," this cool stranger said. " Are you hungry ?" " Well, yes. I can't deny it." " Very hungry ?" " Yes. Had nothing to eat all day." " Are you cold ?" " I look warm?" I asked ironically. " Homeless ?" " Yes." " And about' the future?" I jerked my arm indignantly. " What business is it of yours ? Hang myself, drown myself, or starve, I suppose." " Will you come home with me to-night ?" " Yes ; go with the devil if he asked me." My companion without another word hailed a passing hansom, and we got in and drove away. We stopped at a large house in Malison- street, and, passing through double doors, I found myself In a warm, lighted hall. My new friend, or patron ( I may as well mention his name—Professor Allison ), told a servant to take me to a room and furnish me with clothes. When I entered the dressing-room I stood for a moment or two surveying my figure in the glass, and grimly contrasting it with the luxurious surroundings. An hour afterwards I looked into the same glass, and could hardly persuade myself that it was the same figure I saw imaged there. My disordered and neglected hair and beard had been brought into order again by an accomplished valet, and my clothes fitted to perfection. The gaunt ruffian who entered the room was now—I flattered myself—a rather striking-looking gentleman. I followed the servant downstairs, and was ushered into a drawing- room, where I found Allison in evening dress, and a grey-haired man, whose name was Dr. Irving. Allison introduced me to Irving, and I was received with a cordiality that was perhaps a trifle overdone. We soon went to dinner, and to a man suddenly brought from hunger and desolation, and placed In the situation I now found myself in, I need scarcely say that everything acquired a double zest and flavor. The dinner was excellent ; the wines still better ; and the company best of all. We did not sit long over our wine, and Allison led me into a smoking-room, and then excusing himself on the plea of having business with Irving, left me to myself and the enjoyment of a cigar. I had smoked myself into a dreamy state of satisfaction before he returned, and almost ceased to trouble myself aa to the ulterior motives of my two hosts ; for they were not acting from, purely philanthropic motives ; of that I was certain. At times the thought of what the future might contain would intrude itself ; but what I then dreaded most was a return to bleak famine of the outer streets. The return of Allison interrupted my thoughts, and evidently he adjudged it time to explain his motives, as he came over to me, and took the vacant place beside me. " Life can be made very pleasant, can it not ? he asked, with a meaning smile. I assented most emphatically. " And life—a life such as you were living—can be nothing but a prolonged torture." Again my assent was undoubted. " Which, then, is the better ? A few years of enjoyment, with every wish bearing fruition, every desire fulfilled, and every dream realised ; with wealth to carry out schemes of benevolence and good towards our fellow-men ; to further the ends GOVERNMENT HOUSE, SYDNEY, 1833. ( Drawn from an Old Print, kindly lent to us toy Captain Bedford.) . of science, and buy the beautiful surroundings that gratify an innate love of art ; to have young and lovely companions of the other sex to soothe with their presence, and in their caresses to forget the past, or to remember it only sufficiently to make its memory lend an added charm to the enjoyment of the present—Would not such life, terminated by a death of glorious self- sacrifice, be better than many weary years spent in fighting cold and hunger, and the desolate, horror of feeling yourself outcast, and exiled from your proper sphere ? Weary years to linger through, without hope or solace, and at last die, like that." He pointed forward as he uttered the last words ; and, as by enchantment, the room and its comfortable fittings disappeared, and I was gazing once more on the bleak, deserted street. The pavement was encrusted with half -thawed discolored snow, and the drizzly winter sleet best upon a wretched form that crouched shivering and moaning in a doorway. I recognised my own image. Aye, so real was it, that it seemed as though I could feel the bitter raw wind racking my aching bones as I drew my soaked rags around my starved and emaciated body— could feel the piercing cold striking its relentless dreadful fangs deeper and deeper into my cowering, shrinking frame—experienced in my own person all the unutterable agony of a protracted I death from cold and hunger ; even as I watched the apparition of myself fall forward with a feeble moan, and lie on the hard pavement, free at last from all the ills that torture the wretched of this world, freed by the blessed, angel of death. Then the vision was gone. I was once more in the room, and Allison was standing a few paces in front ; and he spoke again in his deep rich voice. " You have your choice ; I can give you life, a life such as you are now enjoying, for a few years, and after that, death. Or you can go forth again into the streets, and linger on, perhaps, for double the number of years you might have spent happily here, and then——" he waved his hand towards the spot where I had seen the late apparition. I shuddered at the recollection. " My choice is made," I cried ; " I stay here." " Then follow me," said Allison, and led the way to a library, where Irving was seated at a table. " He consent," said Allison, as we entered. " Let me congratulate you upon your determination," replied Irving, rising and addressing me. " Will you explain to Mr. Valentine the nature of the services we require,' said Allison, as we seated, ourselves. " You must know," began Irving, who remained standing, " that for years, my friends and I have devoted ourselves to the solution of the greatest problem that can occupy the human understanding Need I say that it is the origin of life ? Sometimes, we have held the secret apparently in view ; but it has ever eluded us, and we are still toiling steadily on, hoping for the dawning of light. Some of our greatest scientific truths have been learnt by the aid of vivisection. And— as, perhaps, you know—in plants, and the lowest order of apparently inanimate things, a motive power of life has been proved to exist. Could we assimilate these particles of protoplasm with the microscopic germs of existence contained in the -blood, and distributed throughout the body of living man, we should have picked the lock that has defied thousands of generations to open ; have established truth—great unassailable Truth— upon an everlasting foundation ; have shattered at one blow the creeds and superstitions that have enslaved men sinc6 the beginning ; have elevated ourselves and you with us into immortality. You, the heroic victim ; we, the pure philosophers, who look indifferently upon pain and suffering when they lead to light. We offer you five years of -uninterrupted worldly enjoyment. We offer you every pleasure that humanity values and that money can Command. And 1 in return, we ask—your life. At the expiration of the lustrum, on a specified date, we require that you place your living body at our disposal. If, again, driven forth in the street, you will probably die long before five years have passed. " And if I agree?" I asked ; what death do you propose that I shall die when my day of forfeit comes ?" " I have said before—and I in no way wish or seek to hide our purpose from you—that vivisection has lent marvellous aids to science. That is the process we intend to employ upon you." " How long will this process last ? I mean, how long will you take killing me ?" " We cannot say. No unnecessary pain will be inflicted ; but it would militate greatly against the success arid accuracy of our observations were we to deaden your sense of pain with narcotics during our operations. What we require is a human body of fine physical organism, mentally cultivated, and in the prime of life. In fact, a good type of the highest form of existence. During the intermittent periods of tranquil observations that may^ occur whilst the experiments are in force, you will be supplied with every stimulating nourishment known to science, and be carefully tended." " Then I may be days dying ?" " Certainly you will be. The minute microscopic observation that we intend to make upon the action of the internal organs during life will occupy a day or two. We must not trust to induction for gaining our final knowledge, every step must be proved with undoubted accuracy before the next is taken. The crowning secret that will repay all our long labors we hope to learn during your expiring moments. And the hour of your death will be the late of the birth of true physiology. I have stated the case without going into, scientific particulars, which would not enlighten you any more, as doubtless you have not CIRCULAR QUAY, SYDNEY, FROM MILSON'S POINT, NORTH SHORE. ( From a photo, by H. King, Sydney. ) studied the subject. We await your answer." I was staggered. Away from the unreal atmosphere of the room I had just quitted, and here, before these grave, unbending men, the proposition assumed a far more serious hue. " I need not say," put in Allison, " that if posthumous fame is dear to you, it will be yours. And what fame will equal that awaiting us—the three discoverers of the sources of human existence, the foundation of life." I thought and thought. Many men endured quite as much pain as I probably should have to suffers ; and bore it unflinchingly. Again, I might die before the allotted time had expired. I turned the proposal over and over in my mind, and consented. '' Now," said Allison, " this is the understanding between us : If before the expiration of the five years you attempt to escape from us, or to commit suicide, and fail, we are at liberty to at once put our experiment in force. This is the penalty you must agree to pay for any effort to evade your obligations. For the rest, you will receive £15,000 to £20,000 yearly income during the specified term, and this, house is at your disposal, with the exception of the laboratories. I will write out a simple memorandum of our agreement, which we will all three sign; a mere matter of form, as we could not, of course, enforce it legally." He wrote ; they both signed ; I added my signature, and sold myself for £15,000 a year for five years. " Now, may I ask." I said, " how is it that, having all this power and wealth at your disposal, you do not procure by force the subject for your experiment, instead of paying such an exorbitant sum for it ?" " It would be murder, which is totally repugnant to our feelings ; although you may not believe me when I say so." " On the other hand," remarked Irving, " if we tempted some dying patient from the hospital to sell to us his few remaining hours of existence, it would not aid us much. We want—as I think I told you—a type, an average type of the highest form of human life. You are so physically ; we can see that at a glance. And that you are up to the mental average we discovered during dinner." " What prevents me from applying to the police for protection when the time draws near ?" " It would be to our advantage if you did, as your life would be forfeited at once by the terms of the bond you have signed. No power you could marshal against us could save you. You would go to a police magistrate with this tale, be laughed at, or arrested on suspicion of being a lunatic at large, and would be back in our power very shortly. Try it !" " One more question : The vision of my possible death that you showed me just now—was it effected by natural means ?" " Of course. What other means are there ? A mere mechanical delusion produced with the assistance, of some new discoveries in photography. You did not think whilst you were posturing before your glass that your likeness was being taken ?" PART II. Of the events of the three years that followed my strange agreement, suffice it to say that I crammed as much excitement and dissipation into them that I possibly could. And when this began to pall, I fell into a fit of gloomy despondecy, that made me suddenly shun all society, break up my other establishments, and retire to the house in Malison-street. I thought of nothing else but my approaching end, and how I could best avoid it. It had been one of the terms of my agreement that I was not to communicate what had passed to anybody ; and thus I was debarred from seeking a confederate to aid me in escaping from my doom, I tried to ingratiate myself with my bondmasters, and take an interest in their pursuits and studies. I soon saw, however, that nothing would be gained by that move ; they were both as steeled against human feelings, or affections, as if they had been inhabitants of the stars. Then I took a morbid and sickly interest in attending anatomical lectures, and obtaining admission to the hospitals to witness surgical operations. And so time sped on to the day of fulfilment. I saw ho hope of escape, save in suicide ; and that I kept for a last resource. And I was so well watched that I believe I could not have successfully accomplished that. About a month before the bill drawn on my life was due, I was sauntering moodily about the park, when I saw before me a man whose appearance suggested an idea that promised to elaborate into something. He was evidently a poor devil of the Beau Tibbs breed, who spent his little all in buying cheap fashionable clothes, and airing them upon his back, to the robbery of his stomach. I did not doubt that he knew me ; as my three years' career in the fastest of fast life would have made me a marked man, especially with fellows of his stamp, who would consider it indispensable to be able to recognise temporary lions. I, therefore, deemed there would be no difficulty in making his acquaintance ; and after a turn or two to think out the plan that was beginning to assume shape in my brain, I went up, and accosted him. As I expected, he was evidently beside himself with gratification at my notice, and we walked up and down two or three times, discussing topics of the time. I did not push my acquaintance too openly at first ; but, after meeting him once or twice more, asked him to dinner at my hotel ; and, in fact, played much the same part with him that Allison had formerly acted with me. Only I carefully avoided taking him to Malison-street ; and took rooms at an hotel in order to work out my scheme. I knew I was watched ; but I did not care for emissaries, as long as Irving and Allison did not personally supervise my proceedings. My new friend's name was Kingley ; and of all the selfish, vulgar brutes I ever met, he was the worst. All the better for my purpose. Such an event as the close acquaintanceship of a rich man had never occurred to him before, and he was evidently determined to make the most of it, his absurd self-conceit, leading him to suppose that I was attracted by the social talents he professed to possess. " By-the-bye, Kingley," I said one day, after dinner, as he reclined smoking such a cigar as he could only have dreamt of before, " I wonder a fellow like you never got married—a girl with money, of course, I mean." " Well, I've had one or two chances that sort ; but couldn't quite make up my mind ; and now I'm rather sorry I let them slip; mightn't get another." " Really, apart from flattery, old fellow, a man with your appearance should not say that." " Oh, if the opportunity shoved, I could profit by it ; but the opportunity, as the devil said, " that's all I want." " Now, I've been having that opportunity thrust down my throat for the last six months, and would give as much to avoid it as you would to meet it." " Ah ! That's the way of things. You don't want money ; arid it's offered to you." " And, supposing it were offered to you, what would you do ?" " Jump at it, my boy, like a bird." " You see, I'm in a fix altogether. It's an old family affair, and until the last few months I was quite willing to carry out the arrangement ; but latterly I've met somebody else ; and—you understand." " Yes ; gone in another quarter. Well, tell the parents or guardians you won't." " What excuse can I make, after agreeing to everything, and having the necessary documents drawn out. Besides the lady herself is to be considered in the matter, remember." " Oh, the girl's nothing," said the brute ; " hang her, she'll get over it." " Now, I've a good idea ; but I can't carry it out alone—I want your assistance." " What is it ?" " Come here," I said, and I took him into my bedroom ; we stopped before the glass. " What do you see ?" I asked. " Two devilish good-looking fellows," he replied. I took a hair brush and brushed my hair in the same manner as my companion's. " By dad," he said ; " we are alike, there's no two ways, about it." " Do you guess my idea now ?" I asked. " Not altogether." " Take my place !" " And be married instead of you ?" " Exactly." " Money ?" " Ten thousand a year." " Good-looking ?" " As you'd see in a day's walk." " Done with you I say." We went back to our cigars, and I proceeded to unfold my views to my companion. " Of course you will be married in my name, but that's nothing—you are or will be just as much married as if you had been married in your own ; but to avoid all chance of detection you must not substitute yourself for me until the last moment, and the intervening time you can profitably employ in practising a good imitation of my voice and manner." " And you think I can carry it off all right ?" " I'm sure of it ; besides you will lose nothing if you fail and are detected ; I shall be the sufferer." " And when is the marriage to come off ?" " To-morrow fortnight." " So soon. No wonder you were ready for a desperate game. Now confess," he said, with more cunning than I gave him credit for, " was it not with this idea in your head that you made my acquaintance first ?" " Well, I admit that |t was, but you can't grumble at that when it brings you a rich wife, and a pretty one." " Not I, old fellow ; it's a deuced lucky likeness for me." We parted for the time. He went away doubtless to imitate my gait, gestures, etc., before a glass ; I to ponder over the more difficult step that lay ahead of me—namely, introducing Kingley into the house in Malison-street without the knowledge of Irving or Allison. I thought of many ways before a feasible plan began to be shaped in my brain. At last I hit upon one. I told Kingley that we must not be seen together any more ; that I would explain his course to him, and then we need not meet again. This would not excite suspicion. I drew out a plan of the house in Malison-street, and made him perfect himself in it, as a mistake would be fatal. He was as anxious to succeed as I was, having such a prize in view, and in a short time he was proficient, and I fait sure could be depended on ; in fact all he had to do was to enter the house at a certain hour, and walk up to my bedroom, decline all attendance, and go to bed. I posted him up in his proper conduct during the approaching marriage, but this was merely to deceive him. I, of course, knew be would never require it. If Irving and Allison thought they had me safely in the house, the vigilance outside would be relaxed, and I might escape ; the worst that could happen to my friend would be a good fright, and the disappointment of not getting his bride. And, meanwhile, I should be across the Channel. I had taken care, haying saved most of my income during the last two years, to forward sums of money to different parts of the world in the hope that I might be able to escape. Certainly I felt that I had robbed the two philosophers of £100,000 or so should I escape ; but life !—what will not a man do for that ? I next procured a bottle of laudanum, and with a great show of secrecy conveyed it to my room. I guessed what would be the result ; the contents were changed, and an innocent .sleeping draught substituted. Now came the critical day. The next morning, at 6 o'clock, I was—so said the bond—to deliver, over my body to its purchasers. Allison met about 8 o'clock as I was descending the stairs. " To-morrow, at 6, Mr. Valentine,'' he said, " we shall require you to fulfil your part of the agreement." I muttered a fierce oath, that, only made him smile. It was what he expected from me. Then, as if a sudden thought had struck me, I turned and rejoined him. " I'll dine with you to-night," I said. He looked curiously at me, evidently puzzled ; but merely said he should be most happy. And we joined Irving in the dining-room. My arrangement with Kingley was that at 11 o'clock he should meet me at an appointed place in a hansom cab, and we would both drive around for about ten minutes ; then up to the house in Malison-street, where he would descend and bid me good night ; taking care to to show himself well. He would enter, and I would drive away. I had put on one or two marked articles of dress of which he had the duplicates, arid I trusted to this, and the resemblance between us, to shifting the spies that followed me on to his track, and giving me six or seven hours' start. I think. I forgot to tell you that one of the conditions of my agreement was that X was not to leave England. Of course I would remain in the. cab, and intended to cut, off my moustache and whiskers, with a sharp pair of scissors I would take for the purpose, during the preliminary drive. I. saw Kingley about 10 -o'clock in the morning, and he seemed very nervous as the time approached. He also appeared to have been having recourse to stimulants in order to keep his courage up. Dreading that he might call one of the servants to set him some, brandy after he got into the house, 1 told him he would find a capital pick-me-up in my room labelled " Laudanum." I was certain that an innocuous soporific had replaced the poison, and .a dose of it would keep him quiet until the morning. May I never eat such another dinner as that one I ate with my two purchasers that night. And yet they were cordiality itself. They evidently thought that I intended suicide, and so I did, if all else failed. But not In the way they thought In my pocket was a small revolver, and the first ball out of it was intended for Allison if I got the chance. Thus we dined ; I knowing that my life was forfeit on the morrow, that the well-trained servant behind me ministering to my wants was watching every movement I made, that gold had surrounded me with spies so that I could not move or speak without the motion being noted, and that to escape this net woven around me I had to depend on a very clumsy manoeuvre, assisted by a still more clumsy confederate. Now that the time had arrived for its performance my stratagem appeared a most flimsy one, doubtless already seen through and laughed at. Surely the sharp-sighted spies had alread noted the likeness between Kingley and me, and guessed what my motive was in cultivating his acquaintanceship. Win or lose, I must stand by it now. Slowly the time crept on. At 10 o'clock, unable to control myself. I left the room and went downstairs to walk up and down the street—anything to dull the sense of anxious expectancy I was in. At the head of the first night of stairs leading from the entrance hall a green baize door bad been put up to deaden all sound from the lower part of the house. From the landing where this was, a descent of about half a dozen steps led to the laboratory—a detached building erected by the two physiologists after they had purchased the house. As I put my foot on the landing the green baize door opened, and my double appeared, intoxicated evidently. " Well, old fellow." he said, " a little before my time ; but I suppose it's all right." Behind me was Allison's most trusted servant, witnessing the fatal denouement. I need scarcely say that I felt that ail was lost. " Glad to see you, all the same," I said, as a desperate resolve crossed my mind. " Go up to my room ; it's all right. Make yourself at home." " Make myself at home," he repeated, as he went on. " So I will if I don't lose myself." " Open the door," I said carelessly to the servant. The fool did so, or was about to do so ; but, as he necessarily turned partly away to do it, he gave me the opportunity I wanted. My pistol-shooting was perfection at close quarters ; and I had studied anatomy to some purpose ; he fell on the floor, shot through the heart, without uttering more than a gasping sob. Seizing him by the arms, I dragged his body down the laboratory stairs, and then listened. The beautifully-fitted baize door prevented the report being heard downstairs, where most, if not all, the servants then were. But what would be the result in the dining-room where I had left Allison and Irving ? Kingley had kept on ; I heard the dining-room door open, and Allison's voice speaking to him. Thank goodness he had sufficient sense left to push surlily past, and make for the bedroom ; I could distinguish that much. Next moment, two of the servants ascended the stairs, evidently summoned by a bell, which I could not hear, on account of the baize door. One came down again ; the other, no doubt, was watching at my bedroom door, where I was then supposed to be. The report, which was not a loud one, had been heard in the dining-room ; but Allison, seeing me, as he thought, re-ascending, did not trouble himself any more about it, beyond setting a double watch upon me, in my bedroom. But how was I to get away ? There was only one mode of egress beyond the ordinary one by the hall door, namely, through the conservatory ; but it was impossible for me to reach that without being seen. The servant who admitted Kingley must have imagined that I had gone out that way, which accounted for his unquestioned entrance. If I went out by the door, I should be watched and tracked down ; I was in a complete fix. Meanwhile, the body at my feet must be disposed of. I tried the laboratory door ; it was open. I took the corpse in, and carried it to a case wherein a skeleton had formerly been kept ; before it hung a curtain, but the tenant had been sent to a museum. Fortunately, the victim, of misplaced confidence had been lying on a thick door mat, which had soaked up all the blood. This I also put in the case, which resembled a wardrobe, with a curtain instead of a door. Hearing voices approaching, my only resource was to get in myself as well, it being the only place of concealment the place afforded. Irving and Allison entered ; I watched through a slight rest in the curtan, revolver in hand. " Where is Hall, I wonder ?" said Allison. I was sitting on him—Hall was the man I had snot. " I told him he might go off duty to-night," said Irving. " Brown and Williams are upstairs." They entered Into chemical experiments which were doubtless interesting and instructive ; but which I, sitting on a dead body in a most uncomfortable position, did not appreciate. I could not at first make up my mind as to a course of action, whether to emerge tram my place of concealment, and run the risk of a fight, or remain quietly, and await the course of events ; eventually. I decided on the latter. The two physiologists remained in the laboratory all night ; they were evidently preparing or their crowning experment upon my living body. Six o'clock struck, the hour of doom ; and five minutes afterwards the two servants entered, bringing in the inanimate form of Kingley. He had takes the sleeping draught ; and, coming as it did on the top of the spirits be had swallowed, it had rendered him completely insensible. This was a result I had not calculated upon ; what was I to do ? Remain quiet, and await the result of circumstances ; nothing like it The two servants divested Kingley of his clothes, and placed him face downwards, upon a marble slab in the middle of the room. Iron clamps were fixed on it, so as to render It impossible for the sufferer to move when once they were secured. One passed round each ankle, one round the back of each knee, round his waist, round his neck, and around each wrist. Having fastenec him down, the two servants left the room, Then Irving and Allison approached. Irving drew down a flexible gas tube, and arranged it, so that by means of a reflector an intense penetrating light could be directed upon any portion of the subject. Allison then, with a surgeon's knifes quickly and skilfully cut out a piece of flesh in the neighborhood of the spine. As might have been expected, this treatment brought the subject to his senses ; he uttered a cry of pain, and doubtless essayed to move ; but that was impossible. Irving directed a spray of some chemical mixture upon the sides of the incision made by Allison that had the effect of stopping the flow of blood. Meanwhile. Kingley proceeded to give vent to the most awful cries and yells of pain. He called on me, and prayed for release. Irving and Allison paid no more attention than if they had been stone deaf. They proceeded methodically to make their microscopic examinations, relieving one another at the task every now and again. Presently, fresh incisions were made on the corresponding side, calling forth renewed shrieks from the unhappy sufferer. All that day, it kept on ; and I had to sit there faint and hungry, listening to it. At times they would leave off, and recruit themselves with refreshment, some of which they administered to Kingley, releasing his head for the purpose. His prayers and entreaties for mercy were agonising. Sometimes be would blaspheme, and execrate me for bringing him into the snare ; to this my purchasers gave not the slightest need ; putting in down, I suppose, as an attempt of mine to delate them. By 12 o'clock that night, the wretched subject presented a fearful sight. His tortured quivering body was half cut away, and yet done with such anatomical skill that no vital spat had been touched. He had fainted for a time, and an awful silence bad succeeded his moans and screams—awful to me, for the uproar he had made had covered any noise I inadvertently caused at times. Three o'clock, and a took of triumph beamed upon the faces of the operators ; then were evidently upon the eve of a discovery. Their researches became more minute in the internal organs of the victim, whose sobs of pain and hollow groans grew more heartrending. Suddenly, his broken prayers, that they would km him, and torture him no longer, ceased. Both the fill physiologists lifted their heads with an ejaculation of disappointment. Dead ! " And the secret has once more escaped," said Irving, " on the eve of discovery." " This is not Valentine," said Allison, " his constitution and nerve would have lasted out longer." " I nave guessed so for some time," returned Irving. " However, we have gained something, and, as Valentine cannot escape well, we shall an opportunity of starting further advanced than we were before." " Yes," said Irving. " Valentine, I must say, showed great ingenuity in providing a substitute. I suppose he did not tell this fellow what he would have to undergo." While speaking they had gone on dissecting the body of their victim, drawing one another's attantion to different points as they did so. Then, washing their hands, and leaving the ghastly members of the late living healthy man upon the bloodstained slab, they went out, and locked the door after them. I need scarcely say I felt remarkably unhappy ! One thing I did enjoy, however —the opportunity of stretching my cramped limbs. Then I hunted up the refreshments, and satisfied the cravings of hunger. It was not pleasant company to eat in, two dead men—one beautifully cut up into small pieces ; but the prospect at becoming like him troubled me more than the ghastly society I was taking my meal in. As 6 o'clock struck I heard a hand on the door, and hastily regained my place of concealment. A man entered with a large basket on his arm. I knew him by sight ; he was a porter at one of the hospitals I had formerly haunted. His purpose was obvious, to remove the mangled remnants of my friend Kingley. The porter proceeded to put the portions of the human body in his basket, whistling carelessly as he did so ; mean while I decided upon a course of action. Having finished his task my visitor glanced curiously around the room, and stood for some time examining some colored anatomical engravings lying on a side table. Taking an iron rod that had formerly supported the skeleton whose place I had usurped, I stole noiselessly behind the unsuspecting porter. I had no wish to kill him, only to stun him, but am afraid that in my excitement I struck rather too hard. However, I never had an opportunity of hearing, so cannot say. Having felled him, I put on his outer clothing, dragged his body into the cabinet to keep Hall company, took the remains of poor, deceived Kingley on my head, and sauntered out, whistling the same air the porter had been solacing himself with. I found a horse and cart in the Street, as I had expected, and drove off in the cold winter twilight a free man. I knew the routine at the hospital well ; my former visits stood me in good stead now. I therefore got rid of my burden successfully, and plunged into the lowest suburb to be found in London. I had money, having always carried a large sum in cash on my person to be ready for an emergency. I lived for six months in a quarter where the police never entered, except in a large force ; and then, thinking the vigilance of the pursuit must have relaxed, I shipped on board an outward-bound emigrant ship, and arrived in this colony before the mast. Queensland was one of the places to which I had formerly forwarded money, and I found it there safe and untouched. This has given me sufficient courage to see if my other remittances are equally secure, arid I am about Starting for ——. Is this ——? Yes ! Well, remember your promise; I'm not a man to stand on trifles if you break it. Goodbye ! 