UNITED AUSTRALIA. ^^Jnited Australia ' is a new quarterly re view edited by Mr Bruce Smith. As it says ' the literary atmosphere of Australia is filled with the ghosts of by-gone magazine ventures,' but that is no reason why this one should prove as evanescent as those that have preceeded it. It is not a household magazine, but, to quote its own words 'a review for thinking men and women.' Il provides strong political food prepared by the statesman, and not the frothy work of the politician. The immediate pros pects of a United Australia has called it into existence, and, as its name implies, the subject of federation will for some time receive a large share of its attention ; and it proposes to treat all matters which come under its notice from the hroaa national standpoint and to carefully eschew the narrowness of provincialism. The most eminent men in Australia have promised to contribute papers so lhat for some time at least the high literary standard : its first num: ber presents is bound to be maintained. In the first number there are at least ten good articles, mostly dealing with federation and other political questions, but among them all, ' The Preliminaries of Federation,' by Sir S. W. Griffith, G.C.M.G.i is ' facilij princiesl' In political life Sir S. W. Griffith and Sir Thos. M'lllwrailh were the supplement -and complement of each other. The one capable of realising grand statesmanlike schemes, re-' quired the administrative faculties of his more linud compeer to make his schemes workable without undue friction. In the article in ques tion Sir S. W. Griffith shows, perhaps, more than ever his complete mastery over detail. There is not a point necessary in starting our national political machinery which has not been carefully noted and explained with such clear ness and adequacy, that whoever may bn called upon lii assume the reigns of Government in ihe first parliament of United Australia, need only lake Sir S. W. Griffiths'.1! article as the ha&is; of his plan, and he will find himself soon sdlirfg in quiet waters. No person who makes the slighest claim to be a representative or leader of the people, or of public thought, should negleet to read this new quarterly, which will help tu keep his ideas bright, broad, sympathetic, and up-to-date. Sander & Sons' Eucalypti Extract. — Under the distinguished patronage of His Majesty the King of Italy, awarded Diploma at the International Exhibition, Amsterdam. Acknowledged by Medical Clinics and Uni versities all over the globe. That the crude, resinous oils, .which are now foistered upon the nuhlic under the name of Eucalypti Extracts, may nol be ' mistaken for Sanders and Sons' Pure Volatile Eucalypti .Extract, we stale: — It is proved by tests made by the Medical Clinics of the Universities at Bonn and Griefs wald (Prussia), that only products that are saturated with oxygen and freed of acids, esinous and other substances adherent to primary distillation, will develop the curative piopcrties possessed by the plant. To avoid the appalling consequences resulting from their application in croup, bronchitis, diptheria, dysenlry, internal inflammation, etc., insist in getting .Sander and Sons' Pure Volatile Eucalypti .Extract1, and be safe. Sore Eyes. — We have much pleasure in again calling public attention lo the valuable specific Morris's Imperial Eye Ointment for. all complaints to which the eyes of the residents are subject. It has a reputation of over half a, century, and can be confidently recommended as the universal remedy for all diseases brought on through dust, heal, flies, cold, exposure, excessive reading and writing, &c.; All the local stores and chemists will be glad to supply it, price 2s per pot. It is advisable to procure a supply to-day, and be ready to overtake all troubles so prevalent at this season of ihe year. ' Choice New Goods just arrived per mail steamer, to the order of W. A. Noble, chemist, comprising perfumes in bottles and caskels by best makers, smelling bottles, superior toilet oaps and powders, sponges, combs, hair brushes, tooth nail and shaving brushes, fiesli gloves, enema and other syringes, bed pans, feeding bottles, infants' foods, patent anil honiiupathic medicines, etc. A large and well selected slock now on sale at reasonable prices. W. A. Noiile, Medical Hall, Toowoomba. 