W. T. Goodge, of ORANGE LEADER, calls George Reid 'Australia's Yes-No- Blest Son.' John Norton, of Truth, has had a Sydney sporting paper running for some time, and is threatening to come out with an evening journal. Labor Member G. McGregor once worked at fossil digging in Cambridge- shire, England. Someone has suggested that he should try his skilled hand in this direction in the Legislative Council. Lavington Bonython at the ADVER- TISER wayzgoose said that though his father was absent he believed his spirit stalked through the office. Another way of saying that the 'ghost' always walks there! F. B. Keogh, who seeks election as Councillor for Grey Ward, is well known in literary and Friendly Society circles. Like the retiring Councillor, Mr W. J. Denny, M.P., he has had a training in the Union Parliament, and is a native and resident of the district. Publication of the picture of a respected South Australian colonist in QUIZ recalled to an onlooker an inci- dent where the photoed one had held an umbrella over his gardener whilst the latter was at work and when a shower of rain was in progress. Not many men living in retirement would have had such consideration. Our old friend, the Tantanoola tiger, has broken out again, this time at Scarsdale, Victoria. He was seen by an ex-M.L.A. over there, and, strange to say, the whilom parliamentarian escaped with a full description of the monster. If the tiger turns up again QUIZ suggests that the once famous mining town should be called Scares- dale. George Reid passed through Ade- laide on Saturday en route for Went- worth, where he is retained in connec- tion with a big legal case concerning some missing sheep. He was looking a travel-stained, but otherwise seemed none the worse for the many harsh things that had been said about him over his famous Adelaide freetrade speech. He had no time to spin any more freetrade fairy tales, but trusts to come up smiling later on. The principal of the Adelaide Shorthand and Business Training Academy, Mr William Hogg, reports the appointment of the following students since the beginning of the present month—Miss M. Hunter, Temperance & Mutual Life Assurance Society; Miss Clara Adcock, book- keeper and typist, South Australian Hotel; Miss A. Sowden, Massey- Harris Co.; Miss B. Macdonald, James Hill & Co.; W. H. Parsons, S. C. Ward & Co.; A. R. Barrett, Broken Hill Junction Mining Co. Told of a certain candidate for municipal honors that he had a horse, which, after serving him faithfully for a number of years, proposed to die on the Queen's highway in harness. The owner did not care about such a pro- ceeding, but the prostrate animal elicited the sympathy of a passer-by who knew all about horses. He asked the owner if he might have him and he was met with a ready affirmative The horse was unhooked from the har- ness, and the trap taken home, the passer-by tending the animal on the roadside. He now saw that the horse would be scratched for all earthly en- gagements, and left him to his fate. Corporation officer comes in sight, and hies to the old owner, who repudiated any connection with the animal, telling him he had given the nag to the pass ing philanthropist. That worthy's MISS MAUDE MARY PUDDY, A.M.U.A. address was found out, and he had the mortification of paying the 'funeral ex.'s ' of the horse he had so recently acquired! Yankee land is, by tradition, the home of all startling novelties—the fountain head from which flows wooden nutmegs and ague cures, switchback sausage-making machines, millionaires, and Presidential elec- tions. It is rumored also of that abode of bliss that its tradesmen know a thing or two about advertising, and that their methods are the most novel on this mundane sphere. That is as it may be, but as can be seen by a notice elsewhere, a South Australian firm is not far behind when absolute novelty in advertising is concerned. To introduce themselves and their methods to South Australians, Messrs Anderson & Hall, of 60 Brookman's Building, are, with characteristic originality offering for public com- petition two unique prizes consisting of fixed weekly incomes for the lives of the lucky winners. The terms of the competition are obtainable from the firm in question at their well- known premises in Grenfell Street. Miss Maud Mary Puddy is the first student at the Elder Conservatorium of Music to receive the Diploma of Associate in Music of the University of Adelaide. The regulations state that 'To obtain the Diploma candi- dates must study three academical years at the University of Adelaide or at the Elder Conservatorium of Music.' The theoretical test for the Diploma is the first year of the Mus. Bac. course, which Miss Puddy passed in the first class. Her practical test was piano- forte playing. J he numbers she sub- mitted to the examiners, Professor Ives, Mus. Bac., and Mr Bryceson Treharne, A.R.C.M., were—'Prelude and fuge in C sharp minor' (Bach), 'Sonata in P sharp minor, Op. 81' (Bummel), and 'Ballade in G. minor, Op 23' (Chopin). Miss Puddy is the third daughter of Mr Albert Puddy, of Brompton, where she was born on March 27, 1883. She began to play the piano when nearly eight years old, and a year later made her first public appearance on the concert platform. She secured a first-class pass at the examination of the Adelaide University in the junior division in pianoforte playing in 1894 when eleven years old. In January, 1895, she entered the Adelaide College of Music, and the same year successfully passed the University junior examination in theory. In 1897 she was given a first- class pass with credit at the senior examination in the practice of music, and in March, 1898, became a student at the Elder Conservatorium of Music. In March, 1899, she won a scholarship in piano- forte playing, which entitled her to three years free tuition at the Elder Conservatorium in two subjects. Miss Puddy received her musical education from her father, who gave her a thorough grounding in pianoforte play- ing and theory, and Herr Reimann, who has been her teacher for nearly six years. During her musical career Miss Puddy has been attending school, and for the past four years has been a student at the Advanced School, which has limited her practice in pianofore playing to two hours daily. 