THE FIERY ALIBI. 'It's all nonsense for the police to say that the Sherlock Holmes methods of assisting the ends of justice by means of deduction and inference are impracticable.' The remark, coming fron" the lips of a man whose opinions were generally worth having when on the subject of crime and criminals, led to my asking the speaker whether he had any reason for making the observation that ap peared to have been called forth by my reference to the old toDacco pipe that lay on the mantt.lshelf of hi room. 'Yes; I had a story in my mind, and I don't object to letting you have it for your paper it you will promise to keep my name out of it. It concerns that means ot n'c,,tine poisoning to which your attention has been drawn. "?hat pipe hanged a man i ' It was like this : A large party of merry making souls had assembled at the country house of an old' gentleman, whom I will refer to as Mr Lydhart. I had the honour of being one-of the party. "Besides my self, there were about a dozen men and girls, and altogether we were having a really good time- dances, dinners, theatricals, skating expeditions, and so on. On the day before the party was timed to break up it had been at ranged that we should all drive over to some ruins of the usual uninteresting des cription, alter which we were to return to a festive dinner, which was to include none but the house party proper. 'Mr Lydhart was an elderly man, and so no one was in the least sur prised when lie signifed his intention of remaining at home when the rest of us started out for the drive in two big waggonettes. Mrs. Lydhart, who was considerably younger than her husband, accompanied the expedition, and the house was left in charge of merely a couple of the servants besides the host,the other domesticsaccompany ing the driving party in order to pre pare for the sumptuous luncheon. 'It was beginning to get dark (the nights were drawing in very early for the season was the depth of winter) before the carriages landed us at home again. A single memberof the party who had accompanied us out did not return with either wagonette. This was young Percy Bright, a flighty young fellow whose attentions to Maud Lydhart had been one of the most fruitful topics of general conversation at the rains. The pair had, by common consent, been left to their own devices during the day, and speculation was rife as to the cause of the beaming face with.which Maud appeared at the impromptu luncheon and to the reason why young Bright did not put in an appearance at the meal, which was partaken of in the turret of one of the ruined castles we were ' doing,' as fashion dictated. 'When Maud's attention was other wise engrossed, many were the con jectures hazarded by one or sther of us as to the inference to be drawn from the two apparently coeflicting inci dents. S' Now then,' someone said to me, 'you pretend to place great confidence in your ability to infer certain con clusions from given facts. Tell us now you explain the attitude of our friend Miss Maud.' ' Well,' I said, cheerfully acknow ledging the mild impeachment, ' the smiling countenance of Miss Lydhart suggests the popping of a certain question on the part of.Master Percy, a question which has been answered to the apparent satisfaction of both parties concerned.' ' That's all very well,' observed someone else, ' but you haven't re vealed to us how Sherlock Holmes would have explained the mysterious disappearance of young Bright.' ' ' As the unworthy representative o. the deceased detective, I fell con strained to construe Bright's non appearance in this way. The un pleasant sequel to the ans vering of the kind of question under notice is usually a visit to a certain relative of the person questioned, who proceeds (in books and penny joke patters) to make a use of his pedal coverings for which their maker did not intend them, and (in real life) to offer the questionitg party a cigar and something to drink, with a devout expression of his gratitude and admiration of the visitor for his courage and temerity.' ' Tie ladies looked mystified until I added : ' 'In other words, the gentleman asks papa.' '' Good idea,' said some fellow approvingly ;' young Bright is not such a fool as he looks. He has gone home to ask papa in order that we may not all be witnesses ot the high-kicking scene that it becomnes old Lydhart to take part in.' ' ' What are you all talking about so secretly over there ?' asked Maud, as she struggled with a sardine tin and ant opener that threatened dire conse quences for her pretty hands. ' Boots !' answered someone gravely, and then she wanted to know why everyone but hersehl laughed uproari ously. SBut there was no laughing when we reached home In the dusk of the evening. 'A servant appeared at the door wih a face as white aa paper atid as long as yourarm '' Oh, dear ' she cried ;' thank heaven )ou've come ! Mr Lydhart is dead' 'There was a low moan from the carriage, and we saw that Mrs Lydhart, who had evidently heard what was said by the servant, had fainted. 'I caught a glimpse of Maud's face Is she bent over her mother's prostrate formi. It was as pale as death. The sight of a policeman in the hall suggested to my mind but one explana tion of the suddenness of the old gentleman's decease. ' Very shortly I learned that my presumption had been correct. Without the shadow of a doubt, Mr Lydhart had been murdered. 'Our merry party was instantly broken up. The majority of the guests returned home without an hour's d-lay, and I found myself one of the two that remained t dinner that night. \Vitat a dinner it was, too ! ' Mr Lydhart lay dead and cold in his study. Mrs Lydhart was so over come with 'he shock that she had been compelled to receive medical attention and go to bed. Maud had retired also to her room. The polite moved about the house with noisy footsteps and the a servants as quietly as ghosts. ' Percy Bright and I alone sat down F to dinner which neither of us touched. I SI was very glum. Murder throws a fearful depression over the house in which it is committed. ' But Bright was a thousand times more gloomy. A vague wonder dis turbed my ,heart. When had Percy Bright returned from the ruins ? ' With little or no circumlocution I put the question to him straight. forwardly : ' ' Did you see Mr Lydhart alive after your return from the picnic ?' '' How did you know I returned here ?' he asked, in tones that appeared to demonstrate a good dqil of excite ment. I knew enough of the modes sf detec;ives to realise that one must feign knowledse at times and do so in such a way as to command the respect of the person addressed. ' You proposed to 'Miss Lydhart this morning ; she accepted your proposal. You knew that it was arranged that you should leave the house with the others to morrow morning early. You feared that an opportunity of asking her father's con sent to your engagement might not arise to night, and so you left the ruins and returned here.' 'Percy Bright looked at me with eyes wide with astpnishthSnt. ' You overheard our conversation -mine and Maud's !' he groantd. " Certainaly not,' I responded ; but I inferred as much from what tran spired.' " Then your inference is -quite right,' said he. .' Will--you-- help -me ?' 'Of course !-but how ?' 'By proving that I did not murder Mr Lydhart ' '' Good gracious I who even sugges ted that you did ? ' No one as yet" has said as much, but the police-' '' WVell ?' ' Think it very remarkable that I should have been heard almost quarrel ing with Lydhart just before' the time when.he is supposed to have died.' ' 'Tell me everything,' I said, ' and let me see what I think.' ' ' Well, you know how much the police have discovered. They find that by some means or other Mr Lydhart was stunned and killed by a fierce blow on the forehead administered with some sharp instrument. But perhaps you have not heard about the pipe ?' ' ' The 'pipe ?-no.' The fact was that everyone had been refused admis* sion to the room in which the dead man lay, while I had been so engrossed in helping the other v;sitors to effect their departure that I had not been able to inquire into the full facts of the case. S' It's like this,' replied Bright: ' I found Mr Lydhart in his study when I returned from the ruins. He was smok ing, I told him why I had returned, and-well, you know the excitable man he was !-he declared that I was not gtod enough for Maud, and probably he was right. But, of course, I was inclined-to resent his refusal, and I told' himnt, very fooli:hly, no doubt, that he was a harsh father, and so on. He told me to leave the house until I had better control over my temper. I went out into the garden ; then, after about an hour had passed, I went back with the idea of apolngising to him and begging him to reconsider his decision. When I entered the room I found him lying on the mat in front ot the fire. His pipe lay at his side. I bent over him, horrified. Just then the butler entered the room. He saw me bending over the dead man. He of course suspected that I had killed his master. He bent down. By chance his hand touched the pipe that lay on the carpet. He recoiled in horror. The thing was hot. The poor dead man must have been alve a few moments before, for you know how soon a pipe gets cold if left unttouched for long. It was not near enough to the fire tor the heat of the flames to have kept it hot. In fact, the ashes in the bowl were yet hot. Of course I saw that this was proof positive to the old man that I, and I alone, could have killed \Mr Lydhart. But, my friend, I will take my dying oath that I never raised a hand against the father of the girl I love ! It's all a mystery to me how it happened. I was in the room an hour, or perhaps a little less, betore. Then Br Lydhart was alive and well. Now he lay before me dead, and the pipe proved that he had died within the last few minutes i W 'Yell he told me not to leave the room. He stayed also, sending anot. hlr of the servaits for the police ins ector. Thelatierarrived, questioned me, looked suspiciously at m-, heard from the butler that I had been speal ing un-visely to tie poor dlead man, and finally told me that It would be as well for me to remain about the house until a detective from Londo', wthom he had sent for. should artive. *' This man is expected every minute. That is why I lit here, wondering woether it would riot be better for rue ti go out and throw myself into the moat.' ' ' Hush !' I sad. ' You must not talk in that r.lsh way l' One thing is very evident. \\\e must getthis detective to suspect someone else th.mn you. \We must think of some other Ipossible wray in which the dead man met his death. Of course suicide is out of the ques tion ? ''I am afraid so. But why do you think so ?' ''Because,' I answered promptly, it's not human nature for a man to smoke before committing suicide or any other crime.' ' 'So I've heard,' agreed Bright. ' But how else can we explain this mystery ?' " My dear fellow, Rome was not built in a day. \Ve must think.' ' But every moment is valuable. Oh, heaven, just think of it ! I'm suspected of killing the man whose dauehter has Iromised to marry me !' ' ' Come, let us have a look round in the study !' Bright assented willingly. I was glad to see that he offered no oppos. tlon to mny proposal. 'They always say that a murderer cannot be induced to look on the victim or scene of his crime. Not that I imagined for one moment that Percy Bliiht was guilty of the murder of Mr Lydhart. 'In the first place, 1 doubted whet her he had the courage to commit such acrime. But I saw that if things were as he described them his outlook was anything hut a pleasant one. 'Together we went into the study. A policeman accompanied us keeping a sharp eye, I noticed, on my com panion. ' The body was covered with a sheet I took a cursory glance at it. I have seen a good many faces distorted by ri fear and from other causes, but I don't think I ever looked on a countenance, softened by death though this one was, that bore such evidence of the last look of the closed eyes having encounted some object that inspired dread. S' The remains presented nothing in the nature of a clue. I passed on to that all-important piece of evidence the pipe. It was a common French br;ar, well bitten, and coloured a dark 1 brown byrmuch.use. The ashes were I still in it. ' Prompted bysome vague suggestion, for the existence of which I could not f account, I was careful to turn my back t upon' the constable while I knocked r the blackish grey ashes out into my t land. Something in their appearance caused me to start instinctively. t'' Here,' I .said to the policeman, S' place, these ashes in a piece of paper and seat them up for the coroner.' ' Wondering, doubtless, at the cause of this proceedihig, the officer lid as I bade him. ' Now we'll have a talk to the butler,' tI remarked to Bright. 'You haven't got a clue?' asked.that gentleman nervously. ' No; halfa one, though, I said as I rang the bell . 1 Now,'. I asked the old retainer when he shambled 'into the room in response to the call, ' how is it that you never told any ot;e that a gentleman called on your late nias er this after noon ? 'If you please,;-,sir,' replied the servant in astonishment. II- told the inspector. It was a Mr Mason, from' America, who called.' - He's quite right,' broke in Bright. ' Te inspector knows about it.; but he can't have done the murder if that's what you're thinking. The evidence of both servants goes to prove that this man, Mason, left the house at least twenty minutes before the crime was discovered. And how could a" pipe keep alight for so long a time as that ?' 'I merely want to knot' the true state of affairs for private reasons of my own,' I answered. ' Now,, tell me,'I. said to the butler, ' have you ever met t this Mr. Mason -before ?'. t 'What is he like ?', r 'The butler described himt at. some length. :' Of course you don't knoiv where he is staying ?' ' I do, sir,' replied the man. ' I was in the butler's pastry when he let Shimself out.' - 'Well?' t . And I heard him say, in a loud voice, as though he was going out of the door when he thought of it. .' By the way,' he said, ' I'm staying at the Plough Inn if you should care/ito see me again.' I didn't hear what master replied, but I. know that a moment later Mr Mason went out of tile front door. I looked up at the clock, wondering when I might expect the party back. I thus noticed that .it wanted a few minutes to four' o'clock. When I went into the study at -a Squartet past fotr with master's cup of coffee I found him stretched out dead as you may have heard. Mr Bright knows all about it.' ' You see how hopeless it is,' moaned the young man. ' Wait,' I advised cautiously. 'The rest of the story is to be f.und in the following press cutting which .1 have always retained among my treasures. It is from the local paper : 'Some startling evidence was given yesterday at the- inquest held on the body of the late lamented Mr Oliphant Lydhatt. It was generally suspected at the outset of the day's pro:eedings that a young gentlenian named Bright, who has been staying at Mr Lydhart's mansion, was responsible for the f perpetration of this disgraceful crime that has robbed the district of. one of tls most prominent figures. We gave all particulars of the discovery of the deceased's body in our issue of yester day. We can therefore corfine our. selves to day to the actual occurrences at the inquest, which was held by the district coroner. The sensational evi. dence to which we have referred was supplied by Detec:ive sergt. Brown, of London, who, by means of that de ductive skill for which the officers in the employ of Scotland Yard are famed not only cleared the suspected gentle man, but succeeded in bringing homse tne guilt to the real criminal, who we are glad to find was not a local character. ''The evidence of the pipe, to i which we referred yesterday, instead of 1 proving prejudical to the oiiginally suspected man, was turned against the actual murderer in a clever manner that makes one marvel at the similarity existing between this case and any one ol the many that lived only in the brains ol some of the great French sensational story-writers. '' In brief, the detective's evidence was as follows. The evidence of the pipe was absolutely invaluable, but not as showing the guilt of Mr Percy Bright. Why it was so valuable bzcause the ashes found in the pipe lwhich had retained the heat, and even their red glor, at the moment when the deceased was discovered) vere not the ashts of tobacco ! In fact, they were those of some peculiar preparation chiefly consisting of charcoal. Now, charcoal will retain its heat, when lighted, for a considerable length of time. Thus, if a person lighted a pipe of this preparation with care the heat would remain in thepipe for as long as fifteen or twenty m.nutes. ' The detective went on to explain: how a man named Mason had called at the house of the deceased shortly before tile perpetra.ion of the murder. \'ith admirable perspicuiry he sketched the infamous plot that it appeared to him this man had concocted. Evr dence was yet to be obtained of the motive that prompted the crime, but he (the detec.iv) considered that the fact of his having discovered in the possession of the man Masun a stick o; charcoal similar tothat which lihe believed had been consumed In the t pipe of a dead man, staoped him as one against whom suspicion might wellc be directed.' I ' \Wei, they are a bit Ilong wind=d about thie affair, so as I've told you the best part or the story concerning 'that t pipe, I may as well wimd up by stat- I ing that while Bright was disilissd without a stain on his charac er, this c fellow Mason was det:rned on the jury's v rdict, and at his subsequtnt p trial pleaded guilty to kll:ng Lydnart, . after first filling and lighting the dead man's pipe. SIt certainly was an ingenious tl attempt on his part to prove an alibi. b To my mird, though, it was an ex- r tremely risky one. T'he pipe might n never.have been - noticed r The body might not have been discovered for hours. In fact, I *slways think the poor .scoundrel was off his head to concoct such a fantastic form of alibi. But the Home Secretary didn't. At least, they hanged the man. Yes, it was ingenious, pretending to talk to the man who was already dead. Clever too, remaining in the neighbourhood, and purposely disarming suspicion by letting the servants downstairs know where he was staying. \Vhat weapon was used ? If I remember right I was a poker, but you know I've been mixed up in an amateurish sort of way with so many different cases that I hardly remember one from another. Motive? Well, there was some little mystery, about Mr Lydhar's past life. You'll find tie details in the daily papers for September, 188-. What's that? Didn'. I 1et it be known that I was the man who first suspected the evidence of the pipe ? No; why, what good would that have done ? Unfair.? Nonsense! What little I ever did was aimply compensated for when young Bright asked me to hbe hi best man !' A. E. B. 