AMSEMENTS. Vhe opportunity ?which will offer at Her Ma jesty^ Theatre this evening of seeing Miss Nance O'Neil in yet another celebrated role of tragedy will certainly be gladly availed of by the legion : or her admirers in Sydney. The part ol Floria Tosca is one which will demand from the Ame rican tragedienne the display of the best of her abilities and powers. 'La Tosca' has become popular in Sydney, because of its production here some years ago by Mme. Sarah Bernbardt, and in the English version Mrs. Brown Potter and M.i3 Brougb have become famous in the local playing ?world. Miss O'Neil will doubtless* be judged by the high standard of those who have played the character previously in Sydney, though it may be taken for granted that she will invest the part j ?with the Individuality which characterises all her : performances. Mr. Thomas Kingston is to be the Baron Scarpla, Mr. Harry Plimmer the Mario, and Mr. Joseph Carne the Cesare Angelotti. At the Theatre Royal this evening Mr. Bland Holt will, to the regret of the playgoing public, commence the farewell week of his present season to Sydney, a season which has been a most suc ceSBful one, and one causing mutual satisfafction to the popular aotor-manager and his patrons. Many people regret that circumstances prevent Mt. Holt from tarrying longer in Sydney this time, and from producing more of those sensational me lodramas, the Australian rights of which he has recently purchased. But this evening a new drama will be staged for the rest of the season. It da 'The War of Wealth,' a stage story, by Mes srs. Sutton Vane ana C. T. Dazey, which has a good deal of local color in it, the scenes being laid in Sydney. It is a play to judge by notices of it in the press and other cities, which pleasantly blends realism and sensation with those touches of come dy. In the depiction of which Mr. Holt is so adept 'The War of Wealth' will be staged until ami including Friday night next, and in it the full strength of -Mr. Holfs company will be engaged. An event of particular interest and attraction in the variety stage of Australia will be the ap pearance to-night at the Tivoli Theatre of Miss Lottie Collins, the world-famous creator of 'Ta- raraboomdeaye.' Mr. Harry Rickards cer tainly possesses considerable enterprise, and one can quite believe the state ment that his most recent importa tion is one of the highest-priced artists he has brought to Australia. Miss Lottie Collins surely needs no introduction to the Sydney public, -who will no doubt endorse the verdict of London, Paris, and New York on that lady's abilities. Apart from this special 'star,' the Tivoli programme lor to-day is a big and brilliant one. There is, for instance, Miss May Abbott, 'the Georgia Mag net;' and there are Mr. Albert Whelan, the ex- ] ceedingly clover mimic; Mr. Will. Whitburn, 'Ferry the Frog,' Carleton and Sutton, and other popular favorites. Miss Jessie Williams, a young Australian specialty dancer, will appear for the first time in Sydney; and little Fan'ny Powers and Mr. Tod Callaway will appear. At the Criterion Theatre to-night Mr. Alfred Dampier will revive 'East Lynue,' which met ?with much approval upon its production some months ago. Miss Lily Dampier will again ap pear In the dual character of Lady Isabel and Mme. Vine, and the revival will doubtless be a popular one. The original 'apotheosis' will be reproduced. At thu Town Hall to-night the city organist (Mr. Ernest Truman, A.R.C.O.) will give a recital lor the special interest of the University students. Miss Nellie Cook, Senor de Alba, Mr. Rivers All press, and Mr. D. M'Clure will assist in the pro gramme. . This evening Miss Elsie Hall will give her fare well concert at the Centenary Hall, York-street, prior to leaving for a brief engagement in Ade laide, and subsequent return to Europe. The gifted Australian pianist will herself play the 'Moonlight' sonata, RachmananofC's 'Prelude,' and Liszt's 'Rhapsodic, No. 6,' and with Dr. En nis the Chopin Etude and Waltzes, which were so appreciated at a previous recital. In addition, the contributing artists will include the Meistersin gers, Messrs. H. Hadwen Chandler. R. H. Wood house, J. Wolinski, G. Foley, G. Taylor, and Law rence Campbell, Miss Annie Perry, and Miss Donelly. Miss Lilian Frost and Miss Lily Cas Bidy will be the accompanists. The Sydney Comedy Club will on Monday, the 29th inst., produce .Tom Taylor's famous comedy, 'An Unequal Match,' at the Palace Theatre. The performance will be in aid of the funds of the Hospital for Sick Children, a cause -which appeals to all charitable people. A juvenile ball and exhibition of fancy drawing, in aid of the Hospital fcr Sick Children, has been arranged by Mrs. and Miss Rose Lyons, and will take place at the Masonic Hall, Castlereagh-street, on November 7. The Federal Champion Dog Show will be con tinued at the Exhibition Building, Prince Alfred ? Park, to-day. The 700 entries are of an excel- j lent standard in quality, and all canine breeds are represented. The arrangements for the comfort and . convenience of the public are all that can be de- ? Sired. j The Cyclorama and Hall of Illusions in George Btreet, near the Redfern Railway Station, will pro- I ceed further to-day on its successful and popular '? career. The attractions at this interesting enter tainment are perennial. The Glebe Amateur Dramatic Company gave a performance at the Record Reign Hall on Wednes- ! day last in aid of the Indian Famine Fund, which ' was carried through very successfully. H. J. Byron's 'War to the Knife,' and a f2rce entitled 'Turn Him Out,' by T. J. Williams, were staged, under the management of Mr. C. H. Taylor; and the orchestra of the Glebe Musical Society, con ducted by Mr. E. J. Masaey, rendered an attrac tive programme during the evening. The leading characters in Byron's three-act comedy were taken by Mesdames Ruby Guest, K. Burton, V. Sinclair, and Nelson, and Messrs. Burbury, H. Richmond, Taylor, and F. Keat. After a period duYing which Ibsen had met with sympathetic kindness on the part of the critics, he suddenly caused a bubbling up of their wrath by the publication of 'Ghosts.' Such a flutter ©I excitement followed, such a scratching of pens dipped in gall, and such an outpouring of condem natory language, that Ibsen might well have shrunk Into seclusion for a while, like an oyster; but he didn't; he wrote 'The Enemy of the Peo ple,' by way of an indignant declaration that he was right, and they were wrong, if they only had the perception and sagacity to understand. In 'The Enemy of the People,' the scene is laid at a small town on the south coast of Norway, where there is a municipal council, with ideas hoary with age, and where there are baths, the attraction of which constitutes the backbone of the revenue of the town. Dr. Thomas Stockmann Is the medical officer, and he lives there with his wife and family. The Burgomaster is Peter Stockmann, the doctor's elder brother. He is, amongst other things, the chairman of the board of directors of the baths. Dr. Stockmann sud denly makes the discovery that the water from the waterworks is 'noxious in the highest de gree.' He sends a sample to the University, and obtains a report, which informs him that It contains 'millions of infusoria, and is absolu tely noxious to health, whether used internally or externally.1*' With this news in his mind, he tries to speak out the truth, believing that his fellow townsmen would appreciate bis endeavors. But be is mistaken; the change he desires will be too sudden for the slow-minded municipality; his brother is appalled at the estimated cost of making the change from foulness to purity; and from step to step stumbling blocks are put in tne doctors way, until he finds himself boycotted everywhere,, and his family suffering for his efforts on behalf of truth and progress. He is informed that no one dare look upon them with a kindly eye, because of the party. 'A party,' he replies, 'is like a sausage machine; it grinds all the brains together in one machine; and that Is why we see nothing but porridge heads and pulp heads all around.' With the facts staring him in the face that— as his brother says — the Householders' Association sent a circular about from house to house, in which all well-disposed citizens are asked not to employ him, and the condemnation of his family to isolation, he makes another discovery, which gives him new hope. It is that tie is the strongest man on earth, for 'the strongest man on earth is he who stands most alone,' a sentiment which Gladstone expres sed In other words concerning England not 'long before his death. 'The Enemy of the 'People' was played for the first time In Australia by ttta University Dramatic Society on Thursday night at the Royal Standard Theatre, Castlereagh-street. There was a fairly numerous attendance. The' piece is not one that is within the power of the society to present successfully — strong acting is required to bring out the subtleties, Hie humor, and other points which should be accentuated. Still, here and there the work of the Tarious per formers was above the average, and awakened in terest. A hint might be given, however, to seve ral of the members of the society to speak up. An audience likes to hear what is going on, and an audience cannpt hear when the voice is used in drawing-room fashion. In the mats -up, too, it ?would be well to procure professional assistance. The characters -were distributed as follows:— Dr. Thomas Stockmann (medical officer of the baths), Mr. Norman Gough; Mrs. Stockmann (his wife). Miss Ruth Bowmaker; Petra. (their daughter), Miss M. Fry; Eilif and Morten (their sons), Mas ter G. Place and Master Francis Griffiths,, Peter Stockmann, Mr. G. H. Wilson; Mortem Kull (Mrs. Etockmann's foster father), Mr. Uncoil jgim-s; Hovstad (editor of the 'People's Messenger'), Mr. J. A. Brown; Billing (on the staffj, ?.'r. P. A. Tcdd; Randine (a maid), Miss Jessie Bowmaker; : Aslaksen (a printer), Mr. W. J. Curtis. The first social gathering cf the tfropceea Peter sham Superior Public School Old Boys' Union was held' on, Thursday evening at the local Town Hall, and, to judge by the attendance and the en thusiasm which prevailed, ?' the venture should be a success. Mr. J. J. Cohen presided during the ! earlier part of the evening, his place being after- \ wards filled by Mr. Rickard, while a large num ber of past student? were also noticed among the audience. The objects of the- uni6n were briefly outlined, and it was also stated that the first meeting of the union would be held on November 1 at the school room. A programme of songs was then begun, and, -with the aid of light re freshments, an enjoyable evening was spent by all. Those contributing to the musical portion of the proceedings included Messrs. S. Cummings, D. Geddee, A. Wetherell, P. Cott, L. Mitchell, and the Federal Banjo .Club. ' Mr. Marino was re sponsible for a recitation, and Mr. Vandenberg for the accompaniments. The secretary was Mr. A. Allison. 