THE CONCERT. The day's festivities were appropri- ately concluded with an entertainment at night, which took the form of a concert and a very diversified pro- gramme was placed before those who were so courageous as to venture forth in the dismal weather which was en- countered, for the "heavens were tell- ing" with no uncertain sound, and those residents who came late for the "show" appeared in very wet rai- ment. Long prior to the hour for starting the concert, the Oddfellows' Hall was almost filled with an audience from all classes in the community, and as the evening wore on standing room only might have been truthfully placarded. Backseaters, as a matter of course, contained a few lads with an inclination to interrupt, but the prompt action of the stage manager (Mr. J. W. Kilner) in threatening, as a final course, to have the "jollying" ones expelled, quickly stopped much further interruption. The concert committee, in common with all other workers in connection with the demonstration, had essayed no easy task in volunteering to furnish all entertainment; but where each and all took up their duty so willingly as they did, the difficulties would in- deed have been insurmountable if not overcome. Performers cheerfully offered their services, and the com- mittee then arranged these in ap- propriate order. Mr. A. G. Pearce, as usual, was to the front with valuable help, this gentleman's admirable little orchestra providing much har- monious and well-chosen instrument- ation, and it was evident that great pains had been taken by the con- ductor in bringing his little band into its state of efficiency, each member of which is a performer of no mean order. The orchestra consisted of Miss Ruby Groves, Mrs. Young, junr. and Mr. Percy Turner (first violins); Miss Armstrong and Mr. Judd (second violins), with Mr. Pearce as leading violinist and conductor. The pieces rendered during the programme were:—Marches, "Return" and "Departure;" selections, "Rustic Felicity," and "Martha." Much valuable assistance toward the enter- tainment was received from Mr. Bailey, electrician at the Jennings mine, who not only provided a farce at the conclusion of the concert, tak- ing a leading part himself, but sang two amusing comic items during the evening, for each of which he re- ceived emphatic encores. His make- up and costumes also showed clever work in that respect. Mr. Bailey is a decided acquisition to Adelong as a public entortainer, for he possesses at- tributes in stagecraft rarely met with among professionals, as well as hav- ing vocal abilities much above the average comic singer. We trust to hear Mr. Bailey often upon our boards. Mr. Robins is another recent arrival in Adelong who has consider- able ability as a comic entertainer, and this gentleman, who was appropri- ately costumed, etc., did several meritorious "turns" to the great de- light of the audience, who insisted upon recalls. While upon the theme comic, it may here be stated that Mr. Jack McLean (Tumut) was as versatile and up to date as usual, and his "get- up" for the "Amateur Whitewasher," as well as his "patter," caused roars of laughter, and he was forced to re- narrate his little story before being allowed to "wash off." Master Percy Beale (Tumut) sang his comic item, "Because I Happened to be There," so well that the clever little fellow had to respond to the recalls with a second number. Master Percy is a decided prodigy as an entertainer, and should develop into a really good artist shortly. The Hon. Sec. for the concert (Mr. A. E. Miller) was scarcely truthful in the selection of his comic song, "Now, We Shan't Be Long," for if the wish of many in the hall had been complied with, the genial con- cert secretary might have been still singing. Mrs. Nash (Tumut) created a very favourable impression by her rendition of that well-known old Irish melody, "Kathleen Mavourneen," and, after an emphatic encore, gave "The Holy City." Mrs. Nash has a powerful voice of almost contralto quality while being mezzo- soprano in range, with an even production; the articulation is clear without undue straining for effect, and the lady ap- pears to entirely sink personality in her item. We trust to being enabled to hear Mrs. Nash frequently, for we have listened to no lady vocalist in our district who pleased us better. Miss Eyles was happy in the choice of her number, "Butterflies," a sparkling little melody, which perfectly suited the lady, whose sweet voice was heard to advantage, ably assisted by the accompaniment played by Miss Plumb. The only other lady vocalist was Miss Martha Phillips (no Adelong concert is complete without the aid of the Phillips family), who chose that old but good concert item, "The Song that Reached My Heart," with a con- certed hidden refrain from the stage wings. Miss Phillips, always a pleasing singer, rendered her number so well that she had to respond to an encore. Mr. Birkenshaw sang very pleasingly "Just as the Sun Went Down," and was brought back by popular acclaim, so nicely did he vocalise, when he responded with a second item, "Break the news to Mother." Mr. J. W. Kilner sang "The Miner" and "The Gallants of England." That popular favourite from Tumut, Mr. W. T. Howitt, looking what he is, a really good actor, rendered "Playmates" in a manner reminiscent of Chas. Godfrey, suiting action to voice admirably. Of course, an encore was required, when Mr. Howitt eclipsed himself in a song which is perfectly suited to his style, "In the Pale Moonlight." These numbers were among the best on this first-rate programme. The brothers Annett gave a novel duet, billed as a "Siffluer Act, with ossophone obbli- gato," which, translated into simpli- fied English, means that one perfor- mer blew the whistle which he naturally possesses, while his brother played the mouth organ. Twice the audience recalled Annett Bros., and if the curtain had not been lowered, neither brother would have had lung power sufficient to call for help. The majority of the accompany- ments were played by Miss Ritzau, who was sympathetic and otherwise an excellent aid to those vocalists whom she assisted. Miss Cassin also was of great help as an accompanist, as were likewise Miss A. Perkins, Miss Plumb, and Miss Nash (Tumut). The entertainment was concluded by a farce, entitled "Bailey's Variety Show," and the little trifle was so well performed by our Adelong ama- teurs that, the audience almost screamed with laughter. The charac- tors were:—Manager, Mr. J. Kilner; Slattery, Mr. Bailey; Sir Henry Irving, Mr. W. Smith; "The Circus," Mr. Birkenshaw; Sandow, Mr. F. W. Palmer; Madame Albani, Mr. A. E. Miller; Fat Musician, Mr. Jas. Treacy; The Ghost, The Galoot. The takings at the door by Mr. J. J. Vivian amounted to £14 5s. When the proceeds of the sale of tickets are to hand it is estimated that a sum close upon £25 will be gathered in as a result of what was voted to be about the best local entertainment of its class which has ever been held in Adelong. Miss Cassin kindly lent the piano for the occasion, which was an act greatly appreciated by the performers, and the members of the committee. Mrs. Cassin was also generous in assisting the movement for rehearsals were held in that lady's hall, as well as the piano being used there likewise. 