THE CONTROVERTED PASSAGE, j WRITTEN BUT NOT UTTERED. I The following; is the full text of the .passage as it appeared in the archbishop's manusoript of the sermon, but whioh was omitted by him in delivering his sermon beoauap of the mixed character of his congregation , " Look at those hundreds of contradictory denominations whioh swarm in the .British Empire, and in some other parts of the globo. Have they any of the mprkB of the : true church, unity, sanotity, oatholioity, and apostolicityp Surely riot!. They havo no unity. Look not for ' sanotity in thoBe separate seots. ) I speak not of individuals, but of ' systems. Tho authors of tho Greek sohisra, Photius, in the ninth century, and Michael Cerularins, in the eleventh, had no motive for their separation, but blind ambition and lust of power. Tho loaders and founders of Prolestantisiu— Luther, Calvin, Ewinglius, fto. — wcro notoridus.. for their vices. Among the Greek' schismatics tho olergy are badly trained for their saored fnnction8, and live in a state of piti ful abjeotion and contempt; they re ceive little i or no consideration or re spect from , the people, and they .neither spread nor fulfil tho Gospel teaching, Among Protestants, . the most effect'nal means of eanctitication have, disappeared ; ribstinenoe, fasting, mortification, eonfessionj- oommunion, fto., fto. . Both the Greek schism and Fro- testaniam have rather . obstructed . than pro moted true' civilisation.. The first has brought despotism upon the oast, tlie sePond. covered Europe with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and has ever, since been the helper .and inetroihcnt of the worst foes of Christianity, It desecrated the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity -of womanhood, it 'devas tated tbo sehool, and stopped tbe progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek sohlsinatios havo shown that the aotiop of tho Holy Ghost is with them. No examples of heroio virtues, no' saints in their ranks at all comparable to tho martyks and missionaries at the Catholic Chnroh ; and thpy have never been uble. to obtqin the sanction of a miraole \- for their work and their dootrine. 