SHORT (*TOflY. ; . Two Old Lciers. JUme Abohibaid sat ar.d looked at her t, self m the g-lase, as she had been looking ^ « J™. Ml8 t^-tour. It was not often '?? ™»M,Bhe had time to study her own re ?-- flection, but since old Michael, her father, ;r had died lart week the wheels of the clock ;.' seemed to have Btonnnri Attar «. UHlo « « -8 /ane and JIluy would resume their Mr old : industrious ways. Just now it seemed JJ-. m if the dead old man yet lay in his room f I upstairs, and if there would be an in decency in doing any work beyond that |. 'J™™ d '? supplying the immediate wants of the living. Jane sighed aloud as she contemplated tho fair faded face in the greenish-coloured *? fPlfttH DIlH 1*a*- alrJU a ? A ? J ? 4. ? A.1 ? \- *v—-~~* — ?*« u« oigu UVttUHl UUb UU (iUU ?„? ghostly air of the old house. It seemed to I1 her for a moment' as if someone else— the ?. ghost of her youth, perhaps— had sighed \ in answer in the room, and she shivered » ''? little and looked nervously over her bIiouI ;. aor. But the woman in the glass drew her i* back, and she leant again to look into the ,- ' short-sighted eyes. !',- 'Forty-five years of age, two months, ; and five days,' she said to her. 'Why, you are aa old woman !' ' :'. The face in the glas3 looked back at her, shocked and almost Btartled. She could see that face rosy and white :; as she remembered it, and hung about with golden ringlets in the modest shade of a white cottage bonnet. That was how aho had looked on Kitty's wedding day, and as she had gone down-stairs she had met Willie Maturin coming up, and he had kissed her, whispering ta her that she would be the next brido, and a fairer and sweeter even than that morning's sun Bhone upon. Years and years ago, and Jane shud dered to think Of thn riiffnwnpa hnfwAnn i those two faces. She felt just as young as the girl of those days, though sbehad learnt an indefinite patience. She was as ready to tremble and drop her eyelids and blush whoa Willie Maturin entered i.i the room as in the first rapturous days long ago, and they were now an old un : married Darby and Joan, the laugh of the ;?. less compassionate country-side. '.She covered her eyes with her hands, and her heart ached in the darkness to think it had kept so young whiie her pretty face had grown old. It was still a sweet and comely face, though its ownor only bbw in it the rav ages of time. The rose and white had been overspread by an autumnal yellow, the rosy lips were pale, and the golden ringlets were streaked with silver. Still she was good to look upon, and a comfort ing thought came to her there behind those hidden eyes that Willie found no hick in her. She was quite sure that her face was still to him the beautiful girlish face of a quarter of a century ago. Alas ! that was the pity of it. They were old lovers like an old husband and wife, and yet they ' were unmarried. Perhaps now, surely now, ran the woman's agitated thoughts, they were go ing to be fully happy. It was she who had said, twenty-five years ago, that, so long as Willie was true to her, she did not need marriage to make her happy. It was : she who to-day panted with a thirst long unslacked to bear bis name and wear his ring. The joys that came to other men ;. and wamen who married in right season were not for them, but there yet remained , the supreme happiness of belonging to each ; other before all the world, as they had be longed to each other in heart since their : eyes had first met. With her father's death the obstacle to their marriage had been removed. When poor Kitty's marriage with George Maturin, WilUe's|elder brother, had turned out bo miserably, and the wife of a year lay dead, with lie moral guilt of her death at her husband's door, old Michael had sworn an oath that bo long as he lived no other child of his should marry a Maturin. He had lived, perhaps, to repent it. Jane had often thought that she detected a look in her father's sunken eyes as he watched her and Willie playing their game of cribbage of an evening— a look curiously made up of pity and shame and remorse. During ihose hitter years in which he was paralysed, and his great bulk was tethered helplessly in the chim ney comer, Willie had been more than a son to him, and it might be well that he should feel remorse for the two lives his passion hod bo greatly injured. Jane could remember the time when Willie had not endured her father's hand .upon their lives so easily as of late years. At first he had stormed and raved, and pleaded, and even wept. Poor Willie ! she remembered how after a long struggle with her to make her break her duty to her father and become his wife, he had at last flung himself on the ground as though exhausted, and had laid his face in her lap. Then when she caressed his dark unu uu Mina uegun to bou witu grotto hearings of his young shoulders. Poor Willie 1 it would nave been bettor for him if he hod been Ibbs faithful to her. He might have had a wife and children of his own in those years when they had been growing into an old bachelor and an old maid. Willie was tenderly fond of chil dren. It come to her now with a great pang that he must always be without children of Mb own. ?- It was all well that old Michael's Btern rule had given his daugetors Bcont leisure foe thought. She began to wonder with heavy heart-beats oi trouble whether her blind obedience had not been wrong, after all. If she had a right to bear the burden her father had laid upon her, ought she to have imposed it upon her lover also? PerhaDS. nerhans. she thoueht with a new pang, pernapi even her father would have, in his secret heart, been glad if she had disobeyed him. She uncovered her eyes with an effort. Her thoughts were getting too heavy for her to bear. And it was nearly Willie's time. Year in, year out, summer and winter, he had come at the same hour every evening, livery evening they played their game of cribbage. and then Willie had sat with them to their supper, ' and left as the clock struck ten. She liad always gone into the porch with him to say good-night, and hod grown used to his ?sober, husband-like kiss. They bad out lived—at least he had— the ardours of youth. She usually made a little toilet for him of evenings, adding to her dress a gay bit of ribbon or a slower. This evening, gaiety would not be becoming ; she must hunt up something sombre in hue that would yet add to her dresB the touch of decoration she hated to be without when Willie was comiug. As she turned over odds and ends in a drawer she suddenly became thoughtful. For quite tive minutes she stood with her finger to her lip, visibly agitated. Then PUQ U|IOUIN tk IUHU mthiVW VI UW nmmiiw and took out a grey silk dress. She shook out the folds, and let it lie across her bod. ' In the halt-light it shimmered like silver, {she took up a fold and fingered it with admiration. If see wore it, she thought, Willie would remember the days before he was so content with thrir engagement ' Grey is halt-mourning,' she bam aloud, ? and tliuii no one will see we but Mary and Willie. They won't tluoi. I mean any disrespect to lather's memory.' Quaking a little at her temerity, b)io put on the dress. It showed prettily a seek sull white and round and a pair of soft wrists. She had kept her young figure, and the old-fashioned dress gave it a bwsemlnjr ?tatollnen. Am she looked at herself in the glass afain she looked ten years younger than she did in the black dress. A little colour came into her cheeks and a light of hope in her eyes. She was more like tho girl Willie had loved long ago. Surely he would remember it. She went down.stairs quickly to get over any possible explanations with Mary be fore he should arrive. The tea was set out on the table— a high tea with accompaniments of all kinds of cakes and preserves, for the Archibalds were model housekeepers. Mary sat by the fire knitting grey woollen stockings. She was years older than Jane, and had an honest, weather-beaten face. She hod never had a lover, and was incurious about the ways of lovers. She looked up Btartled as Jane's silk rustled into the room. An exclamation was on her lips, but Jane anticipated it. 'Grey is a mourning colour, you know, Molly,' she said, ' and black is ugly to me. I looked an old woman as I saw myself in the glass, and I thought I might put on the grey just for once. It is years since I have worn it.' ' Yes, yes, child/ said the other, answer ing hastily the appeal in her sister's voice. 'Why shouldn't you wear it? It looks pretty, too, and you are very pretty in it. When you are as old as I am, you may talk of looking an old woman.' Jane stooped and kissed her gratefully. « b xiuuu iiuu uiu-iusnioneu, jnoiiy, is it r ' Not a bit. Those gathers are coming in again. The skirt is a little narrow at the back, but if you'll let me fit you to morrow, I can set that straight.' A moment later Willie's knock was heard. Jane had always been the one to open the door for him, but now, in her new splendour, Bhe was seized with a sudden ehyneus, She stooped and lifted a kitten 'rom the hearthrug and laid it in her lap. Mary was going out to tho kitchen to make the tea. 1 Would jou mind opening the door for Willie ?' she said, with an assumed air of ease. ' To be sure ; but whaf a come to you ? Oh, I soe. You're too fine in your silk dress.' Sho noticed tho suddon flush that had come into her Bister's cheeks ; but, with instinctive sympathy, forebore to make further comment. 'The ways of Iover3 are beyond me,' Bhe said to herself as she went to open tbe hull-door. Willie Maturin came in shaking him self. It had begun to snow. He was a big dark man, with gentle brown eyes; his hair was streaked with grey, and there were a good many crow's-feet about his eyes; he looked kind and slow, and he spoke with a soft drawl. ' Where's Janie ?' he asked as he saw Mary. ' Janie's not ill ?' A momentary alarm had somewhat quickened his speech. ' Janie's all right, she's in the parlour,' said Mary, shutting the door behind him. ' But hadn't you better hang your coat in the kitchen to dry V He followed hjr into tho spotlessly neat kitchen, and hung up his cout as Bhe directed him. Theu with a caress in passing to the old collie on the hearth, he went up to the parlour. When he opened the door, he uttered an y exclamation. Jane Archibald had stood up nervously, and was waiting for him, her head dropped a little in the lamplight. The vision stirred some old chord or memory in his heart. ' Why, Janie f ' he said, putting hiB arm round her. ' This is like long ago,' 'Yes,' said Jane Archibald, faintly. Her sister and her lover were the ouly two people who ever called her Janie now. They stood so on the hearthrug for a few moments. Now and again Willie would draw her closer to him and kiss her with a tender air of ownership. ' You are as pretty as over, Janie, as pretty as ever,' he said with satisfaction. Jane trembled a little, but did not speak. 'Why, you are shivering!' he Baid anxiously. 'Are you sure that this is warm enough ?' He passed his hand across the shoulders and down the sleeves of the gown. ' It is too thin,' he said, ' much too thin. You were foolish to put it on, Janie; it was made for summer weather. You must go up-stairs and put on your warm black dress at once.' ' Oh, no ! let me wear it this evening, Willie. It is bo pretty,' said poor Jane. But Mary, coming in at that moment, agreed with Willie that the dress was too thin for winter wear. ' Besides,' she said, ' it has lain so long in that chest of drawers; it must be damp. Bun at once and take it oS, I will keep the tea-cakes hot till you come down stairs.' Jane went without a word and took off her pretty grey Bilk. She put on instead the heavy black, high to the neck, and flannel-lined for warmth. She waa an elderly woman once more as she looked in the glass. She folded her grey silk and put it back in its silvery paper with mus lin backs of lavender between tho folds. ' Ah 1' she Baid, as she laid it away, ' it is too true. You were made for summer weather, and for a young woman who is dead. I shall not wear you any more.' She came down-stairs with the lightness gone from her footsteps, and her face was dull from disappointment as she came into the parlour and took her place at the tea table. Her lover looked at her with eyes full of kind pleasure in her. The ardour which had been in them when she wore the grey silk hod quite disappeared. Mary looked at her uncomfortably. ' You did look pretty in the grey,' she said, ' and it made the room more cheerful to have you wear it; but it is too cold for the winter. Willie is right. Perhaps Anne Magennis, if she hasn't much work on hand, might put a flannel lining in it.' ' I shan't wear it again,' said Jane dis consolately. ' Don't bother about lining it.' ' It'll do nicely for summer as it ie,' Baid Mary. ' I'm sure you look as nice as possible in the block,' Baid Willie, with one of his faithful and fond glances. Jane Archibald did not meet his eyes. She sipped her tea and crumbled a bit of tea-cake between her fingers. After tea there waa the usual game of cribbage. Jane played carelessly, without interest in the game. It was easy to see that something had gone wrong with her. Willie watched her with affectionate solicitude, but forbore to question her till Mary was out of the room. ? You are not well, Janie ?' he said then, with anxiety. ' Quite well, thank you, Willie.' ' Yau're net yourself then. 1 hope you haven't taken cold through that foolish freak of putting on a thin summer frock. . You shouldn't have done it, Janio,' jno, niiue. ' I'd have expected more sense from you, Jauie,' he said, following up his oppor tunity. ' It's all very toe for a Blip of a girl to do such things.' Hot smarting tears come into Janu Archibald's oye. Willie was not ol'tcu gauche, but this time he had managed to cut her to the quick. She averted her head and said nothing. ' lou mustn't come to the door with mo to- night,' he said; 'it's piercing cold. 1 will tell Mary to give you a hot drink be fore you sleep. Come, give me a kiss.' She raised her lips obediently to him, and he kissed her as he had kissed her ' every night for a score of years back, with calm affection and tenderness. * He had forgotten the momentary thrill of joy and love which hod darted through his veins as he had JdBsed her that evening. After he had gone she sat dispiritedly by the fire while Mary locked up and put things away for the night. When she had finished she came and sat down. ' You're tired out to-night, Janie,' she said. ' You've been through a lot. You must get a good rest to-night, and to morrow we'll Bet about taking down the curtains and taking up the curtain in poor father's room. The house is all at sixes and sevens. We must begin to set it right sometime, and we may as well begin at once.' ' I wish I could go away, Molly,' said Jane suddenly. ' Go away ! Why, where would you go toP You've never slept a night out of this house since poor Kitty died.' ' That is why I want to go, I suppose. If s ungrateful of me, but I'm dead sick of the same place all thesB years. It is hard that we should have grown old, you and I, and never have had a chance to go out into the world, and taste what freedom is like. Other girls go uway on visits to friends, or to the seaside, or to towns, where they see all sorts of gaieties,' Why weren't we like them ?' ' Father would never, have permitted it. He hated gad-abonts. But whafs the matter, Janie ? You have always seemed so contented. I believe that grey Bilk has put all sorts of fly-away thoughts into your head.' ' I was foolish to put it on.' ' You have had a dull kind of life, flow I coma to think of it,' said Mary ; ' but so had I when I was young. And then I always thought you were satisfied because you bad Willie.' 'Oh, Willie, I always had Willie,' re peated Jane after her, with an impatient laugh which made the elder woman stare. 1 1 don't know why you laugh, Janie,' she said in a hurt voice. ' I'm sure Willie has never seemed to want anyone but you all these years. What more could you want?' 'Nothing, Molly, nothing. To-night 1 don't know what has come over me. I am tired of everything — even of Willie, and tired to death thinking of all the years that will be just like tho years gone over.' 1 You and Willie don't think of marrying now that poor father is gone.' ' We are too old.' ' You are not too old. But,' with an air of relief, ' men get terribly sot in their ways. Willie seems quite comfortable with old Katty Neville to do for him. I don't know but that if s wisest for things to stay so.' I don't know but it is.' ' And what should I do, if you were to marry, Janie ? I couldn't sit down by a strange hearth — even if it wouldn't break my heart to leave the old place. And it would be terribly lonely for me hero alone.' ' It would so,' assented Jane. ' Willie's more like a brother than any thing else all these years. He'll come and go just the same, and look after the farm for us. I'm not saying but that if it were for your happiness, Janie, I could make up my mind to live on here alone. You and Willie seem contented with things as they are ?' She looked with a wistful inquiry at her sister. 'Oh, yes, wo are contented,' Jane Archibald answered, without meeting her eyes. The next day she seemed^ to have quite forgotten the strange words of the evening before. Mary put it down to her having been over-tired and over-wrought, and said no more about it, and Jane went about her household duties as usual, and played cribbage with Willie in the evenings. If some spark of hope which had endured all those years had gone out, and left her duller and more lethargic, no one was sharp enough to detect it. (To be concluded next week.) 