SPORTING NOTES. Mpns Victor has ans athletic class for ladies and gentlemen on Tuesday af ternoons at Her Majesty's Theatre. 1 * Russley King (by Russiey), who was added to the list some time ago, has re turned^ to, Ran dwick, and has been put into training again. ( . '' The A.J.C. - Derby winner, Pictu^t, looks but a shadow of her former 'self, being very light of flesh,' touched in fhc( wind, and given to 'carrying' ' her off1 hind leg whert working. There is very little 'likelihood thaifc -fiie -imported horse Ozril will be able to fo.U fil any of his spring engagements, inas much as the son of Ayrshire and Merry ,Miser developed a 'leg' recently, and his trainer, W. Dtiggan, has decided to throve him out of work, and, at an ea..iy date, send him back to Currandooly. A horse that looks all over a hurdler is the Bclltrees-bred Rickshaw,by Loch iel from Kickshaw, by Chester fr -m Kaipara, by Goldsbrough. This big, lengthy, fellow, who was a champion among the 'picnickers' on the Upper Hunter, is now trained by Lamond, whp has a great knack of moulding such shapes into perfect hurdlers. ,- , The second deposit has been made good by E. Rowell and Murray for their hurdle race, which takes place in about three weeks.. Rowell is in good condi tion, and Murray evidently intends to reach the track in good order, as by way of a little exercise he reached Cool gardie the other day from the back country, walking the distance, 65 miles, in two days. Each is confident that he will win, and a good race may be expected. After Mr W. R. Wilson bought Mer man , at the Randwick yearling sales somebody asked Mr Leslie McDonald ?what sort of a colt he was, and 'Mac? jocularly informed his interrogator that 'he could not tell until the youngster was melted down a lot.' » Merman was a' fat yearling without a doubt, and a 'stilty one. as well. Mr McDonald re cognised the futility of expecting such an over-fed youngster to begin early, and when he got him over to St. Albans he turned him loose among a tribe of healthy home-bred yearlings that were supple-limbed and hearty, having plenty of room and liberty to take na tural exercise and work off anything that would be likely to affect the health and galloping powers. Merman's ef forts to keep pace with his new friends in their paddock gallops was very comical ; but in time the out-door exer cise worked the mountain of useless fat off, and just before he was broken in the son of Grand Flaneur was begin ning to hold his own in the paddock sprints with- the majority of his rivals, but he never had a g-host of a show with Wallace either for pace or staying power. At first Merman was 'a very unlpromisi'ng subject, and nobody con nected, with him ever dreamt that he would be anything out of the common, or dally long on the racing stage. He began to wake up at the back end of his season, and won his winter oats, and in the autumn of his three-year-old days came over to Sydney, but did nothing. As a four-year-old he showed improved form, but, as before mentioned, he was never a- favorite at St. Albans, and he i had to*, go 'to England *f or his glory. j . 1 i 