NEEDLES:" 1 "Short, Sharp, Shiny" & burglary at Parkside. , .welcoming invalided soldiers. Over 3,000 Boers 'have given in. ?"The Ladder of LMe1' to-hight. 1A big day at the Port on Saturday. The journey -to Bulawayo -was monoton ious. Last week 15 vessels arrived at Port Ade laide. A military inspection on Saturday after noon. Last.. two nights of "The Ladder of . iLife." " ' Good luck to the Protector and' all on fcoard. The Poultry, and Dog Show was a great ; Euccess. , ; . . Saturday was a day of general mourning in Perth. Colonel Head, of .Victoria is returning invalided. There were 371 passengers on the White Star liner. j ^ Only three South Australian soldiers on the Persic. The Boers have denajiled a train; aib Hon , oing' Spruit. Mr. J. P. Stow, S.M., has (been on -a visit to the west. The Boers have beed repulsed at near Fredfriekstad. . (Lord- Kitchener is operating against Ge neral De-Wet. ' General Hunter has bagged 3.348 Boera ftt Fouriesberg. Mr. Joseph Edwards died, suddenly, at iVv est Adelaide. Alio tier 750 'Boers have surrendered to Genjeral Hi?nter. Mr. J, Cornish, of. Yankaililla, © at pre sent in London! Dr. Barn a do has over- 5,300 recruits in his rescued army. . ? . . .. King Humbert will fee interred in the (Roman Pantheon. A man shot in a Quarrel at the Mojint IWBliam gold-fidd. ?. .. .Some light thrown on the appointment of Captain CreswelJ. ' ,. Mr. J. H,. Symon has been congratulat ing Sir John Forrest*. "Ghosts" are frightening people in the Bouth-east and north. The Persic 'had a, small contingent pf in valided soldiers aboard. Angelo Bressi -has informed the police it hat the Czar is to fall The Speaker of the Victorian Assembly is at present in Adelaide. The P. & O. liner Australia has sustain ed her reputation for. speed, .'* " "" Three returned soldiers were entertained by the Archbishop yesterday. The Belgian Government allowed Sipido it'o escape and express regret. Corporal Wilson and Privates Larsen and Howe returned by the Persic.1 The Customs and; railway officials at Dela goa Bay 'have been dismissed. Pprt Adelaide and Semaphore combined tp give the naval men a send off.. The recently-captured Boers have soft nosed bijl'le'ts in their bandoliers. ' The Protector was thrown open for the inspection of visitors on Sunday/ A swagman named Donakl McDonald idied a lonely death in the scrub. The' P. & O. directors have instructed their vessels to call at Premantle. The Boers have been 'turned out of Ma jgaliesbergen by General Hamilton. There is no employment in Africa for those who have not learned a trade. President Kruger has offered compensa tion to Boers remaining in tflie field. The Bushmen, on arriving a>t Bualwayo, (went into very comfortable Stone huts. The letters -from Commoners tq President Kruger were dated before the war began. Last week the Victorian Department of (Agriculture exported. £20,(300 worth of pro duce. « The burglars who robbed the Parkside Post-Office did t]jejr work quietly and com pletely. May Clough, who abandoned her infant in Carrington-street, had to pay a fine of |£2 5/6. The route Which the Prince of Wales took to Coburg was changed. owing to the fear .of -anarchists. " . Miss Lilian Coornfoer, a soprano, hag been engaged by Mr. George Musgrove to come Ito 'Australia. The German ship Heck brought pnt 2,658 i fcons of coke from Cardiff, and she is now | at Port Pirie. . ; . Next Saturday the second round of matches for the majpr football premiership will be begun. ?Lieutenants SaTmopd and Tweedie, of South Australia, 'have been appointed to She Royal Artillery; Practical joking of an almost criminal character seems to be rather prevalent in the country districts. South Australian Bushmen, under Cap tain Hubbe, left Marandellas for Bulawayo jdti Wednesday, May 16. The invalided soldiers who arrived by the Persic yesterday . will' be at the Theatre Royal to-night. The Prince and Princess of Wales are sending out 20 nurses from the London' Hospital to' South Africa. Mr. Sehreiner wishes to''enable the Go ? vernpr of Cape Colony 'to amnesty rebels during the next five years. . West Australians will now join heartily with the other colonies in promoting the advancement of Australia. Xear Johannesburg some of the Boers wihc visited the British camp (had a pap at brother Boers on the hill?. The Queen returned grateful thanks far the message of sympathy from the Mayor and Corporation of Adelaide. On July 5 the Bushmen were under orders to proceed to Rustenburg to help iftiajor-General Baden-Powell. Memorial services for the Duke of Sase Coburg have been held at 'Osborne, West minster Abbey, and St. Paul's. There are now expected at Port Adelaide and Port Pirie 45 vessels under steam and sail from home and foreign ports. , A complaint that the 'British warships of the Australian stations are falling off in' attendance 'to the islands of the Pacific. Dr. Henderson referred to the victory of the Conservatives for the Stirling district as the greatest snub the opposing party had ever received. As Saturday was the day appointed for the funeral of the Duke of Coburg" his Ex cellency could not attend the function at Port Adelaide. The Prince and Prince?s of Wales have fitted up a farmhouse near Sandringham for the accommodation of invalided Aus tralian soldiers. Mr. Newland's "Blood Tracks of the' Bush" was promised fin time to beguile Mr. j EangSbom's leisure moments on his way b%t*k to Adelaide. ] .There is no truth in the rumor that the; Busmen's Contingen t (has been ordered Hiome on account of insubordination on the j part of the officers. . A milkwoman found seven cashboxes on' the South Park Lands, and the detectives are now trying to find the post-office burg lars who left them there. j The Imperial authorities insisted pn an officer with experience in the navy being appointed to the command of the Protector before she was accepted for China. ' J The South Australian consignment of apricot pulp by the Gulf of Bothnia", fail ed to produce a clean bill o'f health when billed up by the sanitary authorities of London. 