Greenroom Gossip. BY " TOCCHBTONE." THE Lynch Family have postponed their Adelaide Town Hall season until the end of February, when the hall, which has been undergoing alteration and renovation, will be available for use. Miss NELLIE STEWAET is photographed in Sketch wearing the pearl necklet which was presented to her by an anonymous donor for doing the most substantial begging at Mrs. Potter's concert, in aid of the hospital ship, Maine. The photo, is a good one, and our own Nellie does not seem to have altered one particle since she left us. She is now appearing as Jack in the Drury lane pantomime of "Jack and the Beanstalk." In the last panto, there, Nellie Stewart created a sensation with a wonderful snake-dress. She designs all her own costumes, and it is said she is appearing in this year's panto, in a glorious armour-dress, in which it is said she looks a perfect " dream." MR. LEON ROCHE, of the Theatre Royal Co., is said to be the possessor of a fine baritone voice. In the very few notes Mr, Roche sings in " Little Chris.," one cau plainly discern plentj* of good <juality in his deliivery. THE latest piece from the pen of G. R. Sims is a musical comedy named "In Gay Piccadilly," the music for which was composed by Clarence Corri. Seeing how successful was his " Little Christopher Columbus," b'ims has followed on similar lines with his latest production. The chief character, as in " Little Chris.," is a detective, who, like O'Hoolegan, assumes innumerable disguises, including a Lifeguardsrran, a Wild West American and a sandwichman. Dan Leno plays the detective, and the drollest comedian in England is extremely diverting. A song introduced into the comedy entitled " A Little Bit of Cheap White Tie " calls one's attention to a song which is to be sung in " The New Barmaid" shortly, called "A Little Bit of Sugar for the Bird." THE Lynch Family Bellringers are drawing crowded houses in South Australia. MASTER STANLEY ADAMS, the boy banjoist whose photo has appeared in these columns, scored another success at the M.C.C. open air concert on Monday night last, both his items getting an encore. MB. GEO. SMITH, the business manager for Wilson Barrett, forwards a programme of Mrs. John Billington's farewell to the stage, which took place at the London Lyceum Theatre, on 28th November last. The performance was under the patronage of royalty, and the programme contained the best artists in London. Amongst many others were the names ot Chas. Wyndham, Cyril Maude, John and Gilbert Hare, Wilson Barrett, Ambrose Manning, Dan Leno, Fred Kaye, Mary Moore, Winifred Emery, Maud Jeffries, Kate Cutler, Violet Vanbrug, Albert Chevalier, Louie Freear, Marie Tempest, Lady Bancroft and Geo. Grossmith. The beneficiaire also recited. The performance concluded with an address written by J. ComynsCarr, and spoken bj' Mrs. Beerbohm Tree, and a reply and reception by Mrs. John Billington, 'HABMSTON'S Circus is touring India. The newspaper advertisements state that the combination is meeting with a glorious success. One notable feature of shows in the East is the lateness of the hour of opening and closing the performance. Harmston's entertainment commences at nine p.m. Carriages ma}' be ordered for somewhere near midnight. THE sweetest little part of the music rendered by the orchestra of " Little Christopher Columbus" is that played for tbe dance by Miss Jessie Williams. This particular part of the orchestration was composed by Mr. Geo. Gardner, the conductor, and reflects muchly to his credit as a composer. THE last mail from London brought me a letter from Mr. R. H. Douglass, the clever monologue entertainer, who appeared with much success at Mr. Harry Richards" Sydney and Melbourne theatres during the last winter season. Ue states that he is at present up to his neck in ousmess Since his return he ha= been constantly engaged on the music-halls, whilst during the day lie• ha, been supervising the rehearsals of " Dick \Mnuington v the Christmas pantomime at Henry Art/iurs Kennington Theatre, London. " Producing pantomimes are all verv well in their way, he writes " but one has a lot to contend with. Tne pncripal bov still wants a song in scene four, m spite of her already having two songs in every other scene. The principal girl still wants a fair wig and to be the onlv one to wear such. Each of the comedians wcnts a dressingroom to himself, 01 court--. The carpenters are looking forward to getting blind drunk on the eve of the production-so like them. Oh : it's a lovely game—stage managing—hut there are others, no doubt, much worse. v MR. ])URI;I.A-S mentions a laughable incident that occurred on board the Oroy* during his trip Home. One of the passengers believed in ghosts That was <juite enough for Douglass. One night, as the hour of midnight drew near, he left his cabin, attired in a long white nightdress of his wife's and a ghostly "make up/ and proceeded with ghost-like tread, and unearthly groans, to the bunk of the believer in spirits. A mysterious blow 011 the victim's " boko," sudden flight of ghost, followed by suppressed yells of laughter from passengers in the know," and real yells from their object of amusement, and the deed was done. After that their vktim slept every night on deck. g^.v^j THE darker side of an actor's life is not always revealed to the outside world. From our cosy seat in the front of the house we gazeupon the brighter aspect. It is not all darkness behind the curtain, Like all other grades of life, reverses must be met with, and fought, sometimes. Higl1 in the near the roof tlle oId .. " Alick," there are a few " tombstones " painted on the walls, silent witnesses of bygone ventures, which tell stories that carry with them both pathos and humour. Upon one wall, imprinted in large, round letters, enclosed within a design representing a tombstone, are the words:—" In memory of , who balanced the working stall. End disgraceful. R. I. H." Within another 6uch design are the words -—"In memory of the Jonah. R. I. H." Another, standing alone in a corner, contains Uie lines :—" Sacred to the memory of the Opera Co. Commenced June, ended 30th Sept., 1S91.— ' May it rest in peace.'" O'her designs give a detailed list of plays produced at different seasons, and their duration. One in particular, during a certain management's occupation of the theatre, sets out, that during a term of five month's, sixteen pieces were put on. Opening under the auspices of a drama with the happy title of " Life's Worth Living," the season was brought to a close by a revival of the tearful ""East Lynne." Though the last piece was a sad one vet the season was not 6ad, as evidenced by the'words printed beneath the list:—" Wonderful season. Salaries paid from start to finish. End was peaceful. Vire-le An expression of sarcasm is given to one of these signs, where opposite one or two nam es of perhaps indifferent actors who have appeared, is painted an imitation star. Beneath one of these " tombstones," ing a dramatic season of thirteen seventeen weeks, is the one word, mised." . Another of the same sort, setting ou" pieces (the last one being the good c Lynne"), has written underneath, " End Sensation." K. What stories of ructions and chaos are __ r „ in some of these relics. Some of them, perhaps, it were batter to dismiss from our minds altogether, rather than to surmise or dwell upon. 