WHO WAS THE ASSASSIN? BY EDGAE PICKERING,. Author of "A .Stout English Bowman/' &c.; CHAPTER XXII—(Concluded.) "'Let me quite understand," he said, '"i'ou tell nie that this . person, Teres.) Braseo. overheard a lying tal<\, and " "M'sicur is so good a judge of a Ij'ing tale,"' laughed the other, interrupting him. "Jlocf he doubt this one?"' \- "Well, she overheard a story invented by this man Jean Kedar, -whom I've never known or seen,"' continued Dorman. '".That is so, Madame Duval." "Perfectly." ."'And I am to be denounced?" "Without doubt, but not yet. Even the imbecile Englishwoman will not know it yet. A Corsican can be cautious." •'Then I am safe for the present S" he answered with a jeering laugh. "When I am paid." ."•Yes." I will give you your price," he replied angrily. "So the story is forgotten," she cried 8 ail >'- , "And I will meet j;ou to-morrow,' he went on. "Not here. Xame a place." "Behind the glass," laughed madame, who dearly loved a joke. "M'sieur will know the morgue of a truth,' and he frowned. "Hardly the time for jesting, this,"'--lie answered crimiy. "I will meet vou at l'iatti's. You kuoVv the restaurant." • "At three I will be there. Alone," replied madame, and Dorman strode out of the room, givinfr a backward glance at the little chamber with the dismal outlook. It was some time later, and from an upper p window in the house Madge and Teresa j watched madame quit the|Rue des Moris. '"What is to be the end of our stay in this dreadful place. I wonder," said Madge despondingly. She and Teresa were speaking in French. "We can't get to England without money, and madame thinks of remaining here. What shall we do?" . "He guided by me," answered Teresa. "We will remain too. Have no feur of Celeste, nor of the- man who has treated you ,so badly in taking you froth your i i'riencis. You will'soon see them again. Ij h::ve shown Celeste <1 know her best by j that name) that it is dangerous for her to ! keep you a prisoner, and that M'sieur i Dorman—yes. 1 will tell ycu all that 1 know. It" is a story almost past belief." ' "Of Mr. Dorman?'' and at this question Teresa made a gesture of assent. "Celeste threatened me," she 'answered, "when she discovered that I had lieard what was said in the room below. Yet I did not quite understand. I guessed much, aTHi (ieleste fears me. I only know that there is a secret that would destroy M. Uorman. It is something that I cannot understand. I will write to the English doctor. His name was often mentioned." "To Dr. Mortimer?" excla : med Madge. Teresa nodded her head. "Yet perhaps it will be better for you to tell him what I have heard." she said. "I dr.re not do that," replied lladge. "We are narted for ever." "Do you riot love him?" asked Teresa in surprise. "1 love him more than I can tell you; but we shall never, never speak to each other in perhaps." -.- "And your heart, is breaking. "I must not think of him," and Madge turned away, not speaking again.for somt monimts. - ... "When we are in England, Teresa, une snid at las;. "I will tell you the reason why lir. Mcrtaiier and I parted."' ; " "liiit I shall"liot go to England -with you, replied Teresa. 1 shall remain in Paris, wheiv I can easily.find employment. I shall always have you in my .memory." "But it is needful that you go with me, - answered' Madge. •'This story that you have heard must be known." • "I will think," said Teresa, and then they went on to speak of all that Madge had gone through; and presently the shadows began .to gather in the quiet street. It was tiepressinjr .enough in even' part of the house, and especially upstairs, so Madge f-nsjested going down into tbe larger roqiir. They would . at-least • Se . nearer the wdHd there than where they had .been talking." It was not until a late hour that Madame Duval returned, and whatever annoyance* shejuight have suffered that day bad left no trace. She was good-natured again, and overflowing with high spirits. She had been amid gaiety, she t<Sd them,.where all wasbrightness and merriment, . "4so different from-your sad England," cried madame, speaking partly in. .French and partly, in her broken. Knglish. "Mon Piieu! Who would live in that land of fog? itemembcr then Sarah and the village once more, so foolish a chaile that'you are, ilea's' Solbj - . I go,not again to them," and slio snaoped her fingers. "And what shal be said to von. Teresa? ' -. "Is there-anything .more to say, Celeste?!' asked Teresa. _ "I'arbleu! But yes. Yon will return to Bastia. Yon will "see Marco, JCasone, (the Cure, cf Sainta. Veronica. Take a message to them from me. Say that Celeste "defies them, despises them, hates them.-Ask Nascne of the ,day when he found—Ban! I had my revenge. Was it not enough? And I will be revenged on you, l'eresa Bra-sco^' * "I do not fear" you," answered Teresa firmly, and at this madame suuuenly chang - ed her tone and manner, bursting into a shrill laugh.' "It is but my jest, Teresa inio. 1 only speak thus in my merriment. '1 like to see your solemn look when I pretend- Come, then, 1 will tell you of the pleasant hour that I have srsent." •It was evident that madame must have hefen enjoying an exceedingly pleasant hour, for her face was flushed, and her breath came quietly, and as she lay hack cm the ragged coueli tl»e light from- the lamp on the rieketty table fell fall on her face, she presented the embodiment of some evil spirit/ "I bave been to Mabille," she told them, "and then to supper where there was singing. Ldsten then to the song I heard," and in her screeching voice madame sang the verse of some song, which began *Pens:z tourjours'—and had a refrain in the manner of a . lullaby, which she gave, roekiurr herself to and fro. Then it was the recollection of the .dancing place thai returned. "I waltz to you," she exclaimed, springing to her feet, taking lier dress between her finger and thumb, as Madge remembered jier doing in the cottage at Morton St. Jude. And humming the tune of a waltz, mndame began circling across -the bare floor, now in the shadows of the cavernous room, and then back into the.light, her eyes flashing and her mudded thin boots pointed grotes- * quely. "Let us leave her," whimpered Madge 'to her companion. "But my bedroom is there," answered Teresa, pointing to the little room, "and the door has no lock." ^ "Come upstairs with me then, ' said • Madge. "There you will be safe from her." Madame suddenly stopped in her gyrations, and looked at them cunningly. "You •whisper," she exclaimed in a threatening tone. "I suspect those who speak, beneath their breath. Bah! I despise such," and she shook her yellow hands at them, laughing shrillv. "But we will be merry in spite of you. Where is that villaine woman who buries herself?" And, madame gave a violent" null at the bell cord, that was so rotten that it broke, and came down in a dusty coil over her shoulders. This amuied madame greatly. ' "T will arouse this creature," she cried, and going unsteadily to the door, she went downstairs. Madge and Teresa listening as flir stumbled, laughing and lalking to herself, until the sound ivas muffled in the distance. • "Now is our opportunity," said; Madge. "L?t us get upstairs nuiekly, and lock ourselves in my room. She cannot break open •tlio door," and this they d ; d. staying only to hear madame return to the room below, (losinc the door after her with a clang, •md thpn a profound quiet fell upon the dis | 1 nisi house in the Rue des Morts. Upon re-entering the room, the fact that 1ier companions had gone from it caused madame no more than an instant of surprise. and then it were as though she had forgotten "their existence. She had brought •^cne wine, and a .crackcd wineglass which «he placed on the table, turning up the; lamp till the wick Evoked, and sent outtin nnpleasant odour. ITien she Helped hercdf to the wine, drinking until the bottle was -emptied,-after -which- madame.yawned and shivered. ' , The door of -the little room stood open, and- she went to -it. "I will rest here, ' she thought. "I am weaned to dpattj, and then die,called, out'in a husky voice, "Teresa.." waiting for an-answer. • "Sapriati! Ae sWps like the dead. I.niehed -madame:---'Cfesi--sleep - on. -Terea, whilst vou mav. I shall not awaken you: the bed is wide enough for two. You will have a narower one- presently."' and she laughed again. At this instant her foot caught against the leg of the rieketty table, which was suddenly overturned, with a crash of broken glass. The lamp rolled beneath the rotting couch,- and a flash - of brightness shot up. a-s a piece of the frayed trimming burst into a ii;niK-. Madame, heedless of the accident, passed into the little room, .and profound quiet fell again ever the house, as she lay beneath the easement in the outbuilt room. Such was the stillness within and without the ghost-ridden house that a little hissing sound seemed to disturb it fussily for. a moment, but the sound had died away, aad now. over a yard and dfcserted workshop came a glow of bright light from the window of. the big room. A sheen that lay along the roof of the shed siione so brightly that every part of the roof was distinctly vis: ble, and something that had conic creeping over»the wall beyond. Something that moved stealthily towards the window beneath which madame slept in her deep slumber. Something that assumed the figure of a man, .whose face was hidden by a black wrap, and in whose hand was. an axe, its broad steel glinting in the glare of the fire; that came nearer 1 and nearer, indifferent to the grey smoke that was' seething through tli? illfitting window, from whence oneof the panes had fallen, the broken glass tinkling on the shed roof -musically. Nearer and nearer, and he had pushed up the sash, pausing an instant as though listening. Then with a swift blow the axe descended upon the bared head of the sleeping woman, and a scream rings out on the silence, a scivam so awful that the man staggered backward and--would have "alien hid not his grasp on the window-frame been firm, whilst again the murderous weapon falls, and the screams have moaned to silence once more, as -through the '^pen window gush the wreathing smoke and tongues of. fire. Silence save for the hissing of the flames; silence within the dismal house in the Rue des Mor£s, soon" to be broken, however, by those who have seen the sire. But a silence never to be.disturbed, .by Madame Ange Duval, who sleeps on and for ever, with a crushed sskuU juid^bloodstained. shroud.' Fire! Tie cry has been raised and thers are . people" : running. -Fire! . Madge - and ing house. !bear th,e sound. and. are at the Teresa high"un in that room in the burnwindow.;::-Fire! it Is tipon them now in that thin line.-of brightness beneath their chamber door, and in' the breath'they draw as they stand . awe-stricken,. glancing downward into the thronging street that seems so far away. . ."-..' ... (.To be continued to-morrow.) C p l s C N i S h e r c b w s v w m C M w a M H J r H r o C t D p A t t p s o m c t S W t a d 