A 'ROMANCE OF PRISON-BREAKING. Tbe most marvellous of many - esoapos from Millbank Prison wasj^uuch Howard's, who had also broken, out of Newgate and Horsemouger lanu Gaol. In those days the prisoners used rogular steel knivss, which were given for meal times and. then immediately removed. Howard at diuner-time, converted bis kuifo into a rough saw by hammering tbe edge. of the blade on the corner of his-irou bedstead, and with this sawed through one. rivet, leaving the window 44 iu statu quo.' The whole thing was effected within the dinner-hour ; saw made, bar cut, and knife returned. ThonlHowurd set. to work, I His cell was situated &l; the top of the infirmary, being lighted by a window wbo&e; extreme length was about rthree feet, and its width six inohes and a.half. The window itself revolved on the central .bar, which was riveted into the stono at each end. Hoisting himself again to tbe window, by banging bis^blanket on* a ham mock hook.in the wall just beneath, he removed the window bodily— ono rivet-haviog beensawu througb, tho-other soon gave way. The way of egress, much as it was, was now open— -a uarrow slit, three fee.t by six inches and a balf. Howard was a stoutly built man, with a by no meaas'small head, yet ho. managed to get his headvthrough tbe opening. Having ac complished this, no doubt, after tremendous pressure and unuch paiu to tbimaelf, he turned so as to lie ontbis back, and worked bis shoul ders and arms . out. He had previously put the *indow'with.'it8 central iron ? bar half in and half out of the orifice, meaning to use it ad a platform to stand on, the (weight of his body pressing down one end, whilst the other caught against - tbe roof of ? the opening, and so gave him firm - foothold. ? He had also toru up his blanket and . sheets, into strips, and tied them togetber, so-as to form a long rope, one end of wbiohvwas fastened to bis legs. Ho was now half-way ? out of tbe wiudow, lying in a horizontal position, withibis arms free, his body nipped about'tbe centrelby the uarrow opening, his legs still.lnside bis coll. It was not difficult for him nowto draw out the rest of his body, aud as aauo.'as he had ^length enough he threw himself up and cuiight the coping stone of the roof above. «. * ^ ^ J „ . AU this took ) place -«a the top storey, at a height of some 33 feeb\from the ground. He was new outsideUhe wall, and standiug ou the outer end of the- window'bar. To draw out, tbe wholelengtbs of blankefrandaheetiug rope, throw them ou the roof,'..^nd clamber after, were his next exploits. Hisinextjob was to descead into the garden below, ^wbich encircles tbe whole of the buildings^ audfo itself surrounded by a low bouodary wall. This garden was patrolled by sixseutries. He -could see then. He took the escent by degrees, lowering bimselffrom the roof to the thirdifloor window, from third floor to second, from ? second to first, and from first to the ground itself. * Tbe back of the neurest patrol was just-then turned, and Howard was uuobserved, Next moment he was standing in bis white shirt, but otherwise naked, in among the tombstones of the peuitoniary graveyard. Conoluding tbat.be was a ghost, the sentry, as he afterwards admitted, turned tail aud ran, and Howard was soon over tbe wall. Within a minute ho wao in bis mother's house in Pye street, close by, got food and clothing) and was off to the country. Aud the story of his cap ture reads like a romance. But be was cap tured witbiu 48 hours. . - .. , - f . 