-A dUEEN'S GHOST. '.The ghosts which are said to frequent the precincts of Hampton Court Palace are more or less known by reputation, but their ram blings have been promiscuous and uncertain. Great interest in their movements has, how ever, been newly aroused by the stranee ex perience undergone by an artist, who has been visiting certain rooms of the palace for the pi-rpose of sketching the old Flemish tapestry on the walls. While engaged in the Guard Watching Chamber in broad daylight — for the room is closed to the public at 6 o'clock —this gentleman, Mr. Haynes, of Surbiton, positively asserts that a spectre hand, white and delicate and richly jewelled, has per sistently intrusted between him ' and the tapestry. At first he imagined the disturb ing element must be one of the many hands so beautifully inscribed on the tapestry, but the limb, he says, moved slowly from one stage to anothei-, and pointed downwards. Mr. Haynes was much agitated, and told several friends of this curious visitation. They, not unnaturally perhaps, advised' him to dismiss the subject from his mind and re turn to the. chamber and his work. 'But the hand re-appeared ' before his startled eyes ; and on the last appearance of the phantom the artist made a hurried sketch of the out stretched hand, the rough outline of which depicts a brilliant marquise ring on the fore finger. The effect of these continued visits of the supernatural on Mr. Haynes is very visible ; he is unnerved, and he has suspended his sketching. These are the plain facts, but there is, it would seem, a wierd and historic connection between this hand and the hand of the Queen Catherine Howard, one of the wives of Kin* Henry VIII. A 'Lloyd's' representative' visiting the scene of the alleged visitation, as certained that many of the officials, men who have spent a life-time within the palace walls fully believe that the two are identical; and they mostly regard the complaints made by Mr Haynes as perfectly within the realm of probability. _ The smallest regiment in the British army u the Royal Alderney Militia,, which has only as officers a lieutenant-colonal comman aant, a captain, and two lieutenants. 'T-.U!!latr sort °f a small boy was Rudyard Kipling.' Those who are unnecessarilv in terested in the ways of distinguished authors will find some amusement in the remarks of an American girl in London, quoted by the' 'Los Angeles Times.' 'I met an army officers sister who had been in India,' she says, 'and they were speaking of the An^lo lnd:an writer. 'I was brought up with him ' said the army woman. 'You knew him, ^hen. as a child?' I asked. 'Oh, yes Kuddy was the most horrid little wreteh im aginable. 'And you played vritfo him?' I asked, thinking in my little American way S|f ^ wou d be somefchinS to be proud of Piayed with him? Never. None of us played with him. He was sulky, S9nsitive, brutd-oh, a- little wretch, I assure you. But dont repeat it.'- And so I haven't '? 