A DEFENCE OF EDWARD BUTLER, Q.C. His Association with Parkes. In May, 1882, the Freeman had occasion to ad minister a knock over the knuckles to a young Catholic politician who, among other things, had apologized for the wholesale dismissal by Graham Berry of Catholic Civil servants in Victoria. The Freeman asked if in the same way the young poli tician would speak of the action of Parkes in raising 11 the Kiama tihost' and arousing all the forces of bigotry and anti-Irish feeling as a mere ' indiscre tion' to be lightly parsed over. The young poli DR. FORREST tician replied hotly and said some hard.tfiings about the Fbebman, which was then edited by Mr. Thos. Butler, brother to the late Edward Butler, Q.C., who, after joining Parkes in a Ministry, had while in office been swindled out of the Chief Justiceship by the head of the Government. A week later, under the heading' ' The Living and the Dead,' the following letter appeared in the Fbebkan:— (to the editor, freeman's journal.) '' Sir, — I read in your journal of Saturday Ia9t a letter in which, to my inexpressible pain and indig nation, the following paragraph appeared : — ' And, secondly, should I even go to the length of palliating the 'Kiama Ghost-raising,' as you phrase it, I had. thought I might at least claim an advocate for such a step, Sir, in you. When the late lamented Edward Butler joined Sir Henry Paxkes after the latter had raised that historic Ghost, and by so joining him restored him to poli tical power, your journal, then under the same pro prietary and editorship as at present, was the ardent ally of Mr. Butler in procuring and continuing to Sir Henry Parkes' Ministry the support of the Catholic party. It is only since the Chief Justice ship was bestowed by Sir Henry Parkes upon Sir James Martin, and his promise of it to Mr. Edward Butler broken, that you have spoken several v of Sir Henry's earlier spiritualistic proceedings. You laid Sir Henry Patkes' tthoBt daring the ?whole term of his union with Mr. Butler. Is not your resurrect ing it now egainst me a ludicrous slip of memory?'' It is neither my duty nor is it my desire to enter upon any vindication of the conduct of your journal, or any inquiry as to whether in the discharge, of your functions you have at any time permitted your family conm ctions, your friendships, or yourtym pathies to influence your judgment. But I cannot forbear from the expression of my surprise and sor row that the grave of Edward Butlor should be. dis- honoured by such a reference as this, and that a young Anglo (not, I feel grateful, to God an Irish-) Catholic should have been the author of the 'dis- respect. Young as the writer may be, he is certain y old enough to know that the lamented gentleman's association, with Sir Henry Paikes was not of Mr. Butler's seeking, but was mainly brought about by those who vainly ; con* ceived that the union would have put an end to 'the war of creeds,' which the writer of this letter effects to deplore, and restore to the country the inestimabe advantage of having 'its pubic life guarded by true politics.' For (to adopt this writer's language in another para graph) this object the discinguished lawyer sacrificed his personal .wishes, his professional interests, his little leisure, and perhaps in the end his precious life. He exposed himself to the mis conception of dear friends, to the misrepresentation of bitter enemies, not of himself personally— for he had nore— bnt of his faith, and to the fcuspicion of those who were neither, that he might do tome good. It wa* not from want of labour on his pait that his sacrifice was unavailing. In the incident to which allusion is made it was notorious to the whole world that Edward Butler's religion was his single disqualification. He was a Catholic, and was dis honoured publicly for being so. His statue as a barrister was, apart from his professional leadership of the Bar, the very highest. But his Church and his people were insulted in his person. To him the office to which he was entitled and from the occupa tion, of which he was excluded was of no earthly consequence. It could only have been accepted ac an immense material sacrifice ; and could have added nothing to the universal reverence entertained for the greatness of his attainments, the serenity of his nature, the benevolence of his heart, and the, probity of his character. There was, Sir, one Ca tholic as widely known as any man in these Austra lian colonies who, at the time of his friend's alliance with Sir Henry Parkes, warned the foormer of his peril and almost literally foretold the issue. But on the day when all that was mortal of Edwaid Butler was lowered into his grave that Catholic, in asking the Legislative Council to adjourn its sittings' in nonour or the stainless memory ox nis lost mend, thus spoke of Edward Butler :— ;?' ? Mr. Dalley said :—' I cannot allow this resolu tion of respect and sympathy to pass without unit ing my personal expression of grief with the uni versal sentiment of sorrow which pervades this community at the loss which we have all sut. ? tained. He who has passed away from amongst us was, in my view, a colonist whose career in th a country is eminently deserving of the attention of those who desire to fashion the generous youth off our times upon noble and affecting and unobtrush e examples. By the mere force cf pure character, a clear and powerful intelligence, and an indomitable * spirit he reached a high, if not the highest, place in a profession, in which a signal success can only be achieved by patience, by labour, by courage, and by intellectual power ; and he did this not only without inspiring envy of his good fortune among his less successful competitoxs, but with the full enjoyment of their sympathy with his advancement, their admiration of his growing power, and their , conviction that his good fortune ennobled their profession. In the midst of that good fortune he was unchanged— the same simple, earnest, homely, compassionate man, who entered upon an arduous career with meeknesB and with hope, and who was neither cast down by disappointment nor lifted up by an unlooked-for success. He will be missed . in his profession whenever the occasion arises for a great argument to be sustained by much legal learning, to be ordered by the culture and experi- -~- ence of a laborious Hie, and to be enforced by the impassioned eloquence of a sincere nature and of a vigorous intellect.' And in this chamber we shall - always deplore his absence wnen subjects of dis cussion are before us which are above the mere vulgarities and' idle purposes of party politics, and involve the consideration of martera in the; de termination of which the whole country is pro foundly interested.' This was a man who, when brave hearts have survived great sorrows, would have disdained to ' come in the rearward of a conquer'd woe ' ; and who had only words of loving admiration for the memory of the man with whom at a critical period of his political history he had differed on the very matter which Mr. . . , with equal discretion and generosity, only makes the subject of his melancholy sarcasm lon^ years a'fter its object has found peace, John Forrest, D.D. Balmain, May. 22nd, 1882. 