. coiyri?r.ETE story. PUBLISHED BY EPBCUL JtoBASQEHEXT. MADGE LMKEY. THE scene this a garden fete, and the time was evening — sum mer of coarse. A busy crowd of gentle people liad thronged tbe grounds of Slelvyn Park all the long sunny day, to aid a charitable in stitution in the. Village. Euihusiasiic ladies presided over tables of bric-a-brac, while their husbands organ ised concerts, and arranged musical items also in the cafe chantaot. Pretty girls were selling flowers, and others haying donned the costume of a waitress, were dispensing delicious caps of tea. The cool of the evening was welcome to tlia eager workers, and now the task of j selling and serving became less compulsory, for the tables were almost emptied of their wares; the music of the orchestra was sweet and seductive, the shadows leugtk-j en ed across the beautiful lawns, and in a! somewhat secluded corner of the Park the! glimmer of .a lamp in the doorway of a tent showed where "The Veiled Lady" unfolded the mysteries. of the occult. Her! name had been carefully withheld, and no one had been able/to discover the identity of this attractive helper at the fete. Around the entrance to her ttnt u group of visitors was always" waiting—waiting, until at last an attendant summoned each individual in turn and conducted them to the presence of the " Palmiste." Often a . group of friends, would wish to enter to gether, hut this was not-' allowed by* the attendant, who also insisted upon perfect silence and order among the expectant crowd. \ Two men were chatting in subdued tones a few yards away from the tent. "Are you going in for this tomfoolery!" said Bertie Smythe, nodding in . the direction of the tenti "Oh, jost for fun, you know," replied Jack Melvyn, a tall, refined-looking fellow, who was the future owner of Melvyn Park. "The concert room is packed, and in the cafe chantant there is not a chair to be had; besides," he continued, "it is one oi thoso warm mystic nights'when one feels inclined for consulting the oracled I won der who she is ?" indicating the tent and its occupant • "So do I,"iejoined Bertie. "Very likely she is some hired palmist. I wonder whe ther she foretells the future. It's all rot, of course; but still, I should like to hear what she can tell in© about one or two things. Girls, I suppose; will always in quire about their love affairs." "And men, too, I fancy," said Jack, looking at Bertie with .a touch of con tempt "I shall not be permitted to listen, so you can safely make inquiries about my . cousin Kittyand how she will receive your attentions 1" Smythe turned round, angrily. "Look here, Melvyn,Tve had quite enough of your beastly sarcasm. I'came into this neigh bourhood three months ago to follow up my professional; career " • 4,%Ycu did-—coming from , Lord knows where!" interrupted Jack; •! : "Medical -students are provided with certificates of merit—not with genealogical trees. Only-yonr confounded aristocracy trouble to perpetuate the memory of your ancestors!" retorted Bertie.: * "Because w© are proud of their illus trious lives, and they are worthy to'be re membered. With them, microscopes were not more important than manners," said Jack, with conscious dignity. " Well, as I was saying," went on Ber tie, "I took, a partnership with your prin cipal doctor, and worked with him, visiting among the best families. I 'met your cousin, Miss Kathleen Moore, and it goes without saying that-1 admired her. I have said nothing definite to her yet,' bnt I flatter myself that Kilty " ("Miss'Moore, if you please," from Jack) " does not ob ject to my attentions. If she were her© to-night I have no doubt she would con sult the 'Veiled Lady* as to my intentions.' I wonder why she conld not return for the fete? Any festivity in this place seems dull and stupid without lier—don't you think so?" * "I do," said Jack, abruptly. "But then, as you are aware, Kitty and I have known each other all our lives; we have played together since she was a mere baby, and romped round the lawns and all over the fine old HaU. I have never known any kind of fete in. the village before where she was not the life of the whole affair. Of course, Smythe," he went on jerkily, as though compelling himself to make a courteous speech, "you>see, old chap, • I can't help noticing how you regard Kitty -iliss Moore—and.though-I cannot- say I hope you will be successful iu winning-her,. still, there is no reason why we should quarrel. We ilelvyns are a set of deep dyed Torie3, and somehow it is a part of our nature to resent the intrusion of a stranger into our midst. I know it is ab surd to allow oneself to be influenced by these aversions, so let us look nt the case fairly. I have no claim upon Miss Moore beyond that of consulship. Shake hands, Sinythe; and fight fair. We start even— perhaps the Veiled Lady may be able to help us both." Smythe.was admitted'into th*- Veiled Lady's presence. A shaded lamp hung from the centre of the tent, diffusing a red light over the Oriental rugs, the quaint chairs, and the veiled figure standing immediately under it: beams. An air of mystery per vaded the atmosphere, and the fragrance of incense enhanced the Oriental effects. The lady wore a graceful dress of .flowing white draperies, her face was hidden, after the manner of Eastern women, and only her beautiful dark eyes were visible be neath her clustering curls, which literally glistened with jewelled spangles. She took Beitie's hands and examined them closely,, telling rapidly many charac teristics of liis personality, many details of his past life, and even -much that was perfectly accurate about his parentage, early life, and inherited tendencies. Sud denly she paused to scrutinise the palm intently through a magnifying glass, mark ing-the lines with a.small gold pointer. " Do you know," she asked, in. an agi tated tone, "do you know 'the cause of your father's death—and your grandfather's death?" Ho hesitated. The revelation of the palmist's insight- into his carefully hidden past oppressed him. Through 'the canvas wall of the tent came the strains of wild, witch-like music. He thought of Kathleen —the girl he intended to many—and se cretly vowed that she must never learn all that this Veiled Lady knew!. Then bis blanched lips parted, and' he said, " Can you tell me the manner of their death?" Yes. !" came the reply. " Shall I do so?" "No!" he said, hoarsely. "Teh me one thing though. . The girl X admire—will she marry me?" Then the. Veiled Lady turned abruptly aside, and sat on a couch away from the bewildering beams of the red lamp, and answered slowly: M It is difficult to say— but I scarcely think she will. Now you must go!". She waved her hand in dis missal , and hi hurried away, not knowing that the figure on the couch was'trembling and the' face beneath the yell was ashy white! Then' Jack \ras admitted. • The Veiled Lady was evidently tired, for she found very little to comment upon in the lines of his hand. Her voice waslow and,-sub dued, as befitted the time and place, and she kept her eyes fixed on the hond3 she vras studying. „ She pointed to a ring "which Jack wore mi the little finger of his left hand—it was a small ring of twisted gold such as girls often wear and interchange, and years ago it had been playfully trans ferred from Kitty Moore's hand to J>.3c Melvvii's. '"The girl who gave you that ring," said the Veiled Lady, "is lonely and in trouble. Can you not be a help to her?" "Heaven knows that- X would," said mei Jack, emphatically, "if she would let ma I love her with all my heart! I have alJ j ways loved her; but, fool that I was, I 1 let things drift on, and now there is ano ther fellow, handsomer, clevereivthan T1" "Perhaps so"-rcame the reply. "But ; it may be love and character she wants, i rather than beauty and gold medals 1 That is all I have to tell you." So Jack went-out of the. lurid light and j the mystic presence, out into the'cool night i air, and with the eager restlessness of ! youth and wonder he . walked far and long that summer night, until the moon shone in the heavens and the stars looked down. Then ho went home and slept a healthful sleep and dreamed fair dreams of a sweet voiced, dark-eyed cousin Kitty. But Bertie Smytlie -.exorcised his agita tion' in another way.. In his quiet village i lodgings he sat long and late, beguiling the hours with many cigars and much whisky. His father, and. grandfather! Powers that be! Was their memory to blight his chances for eTer? Bach time he thought of them/ he. poured out more whisky, as though to drown the'ghosts that haunted him. One thing wasvnertain —he must marry Kathleen' Moore before the miserable truth leaked out ! And at last ho staggered stupidly to bed, where nightmares replaced the worries of the day! A few weeks later, when Kathleen was home again and the fete was a thing of the past, Bertie Smythe. made Kathleen Moore an offer of marriage. There was neither hesitation nor coquetry in her quiet, almost sod, refusal of his proposal. Many men have to endure the' ordeal of a refusal, but some comport themselves with manly dignity, while others behave like cowards. Tho latter case was Bertie Smythe's. He sought consolation as he had done on the night of his disturbing inter view with the Veiled Lady, until at last his landlady requested him to leave her house or to keep sober, and the doctor who had accepted him as a partner begau to arrange for a dissolution of agreement on tho ground of his insobriety and conse quent -incapacity for medical work. Twelve months later lie left the neigh bourhood, a social and physical wreck, and became a victim to delirium tremens, » malady inherited and cultivated. Th«r, like his father and grandfather before him, he eventually succumbed to the consequents of intemperance. " Jack," said Kitty, one day, soon after their marriage, "do you know why I re fused Bertie Smythe?' "If I were a" conceited chap I support I should say because you preferred yo\r cousin Jack, but knowing what a good looking fellow he was, poor beggar, I admit I was surprised as well as relieved when you did decline bis offer,', though at >haf time none of us knew how lis was going to turn out!" , "Well, I will tell'you," she said, con fidingly. "All my life, Jack, I had really looked upon you as my own true sweet heart. But you never made love to me nor—well, said anything about being well, engaged, or—or anything!" She stopped confusedly, and Jack kissed her pretty pouting lips/ " Then when this handsome young doctor came and made me such sweet si>sechcs," she Went on, "I began to feci a good deal interested in him, and thought perhaps 1 might like him better, than you alter all." Jack frowned indignantly. . '"Then—your remember the garden fete 1, Unknown to anyone but the secretary of the fete! who has kept my secret inviolable, I came home from my visit to take charge of the palmistry tent. I had studied palm istry all the time I was away—three weeks, yon remember—and had learnt a good dear in the time. I wore a veil and altered my. voice to avoid recognition. It was great fun until Bertie Smythe came in, and I saw such strange things in his hand, Jack dear, that it frightens me even now to re call that horrid time under the weird red Lamp." • , She shuddered, and Jack took her ten derly in bis arms. "There were such a lot of checkered, criss-crcss lines, *and what terrified me most was a peculiar line,* long, darp and clear cut, which showed a long inheritance of drunkenness and a" strong tendency to intemperate habits. -I tried to question him, and his embarrassment showed me that I was right. He. had already fallen a victim to Iho habits o! his ancestors. There were other things too. Jack dear weakness of purpose, selfishness, and I re member 'noticing inconstancy too. Poor fellow I How agitated he was! Yes, and I too; -for I realised what this discovery meant to me, and happily it cured, me of any infatuation I had ever felt- for Kim." ■ "Well, darling," said Jack, tenderly, "now that it'is aU over, we. must try to forget the poor fellow, with all his faults and failings. It is a lucky thing you learnt palmistry, for though you only studied it for amusement and- for the, sake of the garden fite, iust think, what-if-has saved you from 1" 1 "Do you remember, Jack, ihai the Veiled Lady told you that the girl who gave you that ring wished for love and character rather than beauty and gold medals F' "Yes, dearest," and Jack gave her a questioning look, for he had often wondered whether her happiness was complete. " Now, dear old boy," Kitty went on, shyly, "she lias all she wishes for! Just think, Jack, but for palmistry, what I might have missed." And they looked in each other's eyes with the confidence of perfect love. 