"WESTERN MAIL" CH RISTMAS NUMBER. SOME FEATURES OF THE ISSUE. The "Western Mail" Christmas num- ber was ready for sale on Wednesday of this week. The issue in several respects surpasses its predecessors. It consists of a hundred pages, exclusive of the supplement. This supplement is a large sheet containing long panoramic views of the chief centres of population in the colony. That of Perth consists of a series of photographs taken from tho tower of the Roman Catholic Cathedral, by the courteous per mission of the authorities. In the background are the Swan River, Mill Point, and Mount Elka. In other portions of the issue appear some of our chief buildings and principal streets, views of Perth from the Park, and a map of Perth, so that the capital is fully illustrated. Fremantle andFre mantle Harbour appear also on the sup- plement. In addition, there are pano- ramic views of tho Golden Mile, Kalgoor- lie, and Boulder. These latter give a comprehensive idea of the main centres on the Eastern fields, which are dealt with more in detail in the portion of the issue devoted to the mining industry. A view of Coolgardie is included in tho issue. The prize stories and prize photographs will excite a good deal of interest. The stories compare favourably with those in previous years. They have a humour that was not plentiful in previous com- petitions. "The Ghost of Johnny Arm- strong," by Mr. H. Benson Jackson, which took the first prize, is a ghost story with somewhat ruthless Australian adaptations that make it quite at home ia Perth. "The Winning of Marion Reed," by Mr. C. Fenton, which took second place, is a tragedy of the timber mills, and gives a good idea of that little known phase of colonial life. The third story. "On Craaky's Clearing^ by Mr. W. Moyes, deals with the experiences of a goldfinder, who thinks farming easy till he tries it. Among the other stories are one of the salting of a mine, another of the visit of an English girl to a rather strange and amusing parsonage in Wes- tern Australia, and a third concerned with sporting subjects. Readers who prefer the tried authors with an English reputation will find stories by S. R. Crockett, W. W. Jacobs. Fergus Hume, and Guy Boothby. Two Australian poems are given. It is noteworthy that of all the stones, poemst and photo- graphs sent in for competition, only one of those successful-a poem entitled, "Hail, Australia I"-is by a writer out- side Western Australia, its author being a South Australian lady. Ia former years several of the prizes went consist- ently to New South Wales and Adelaide. Among the illustrations there are a number showing pleasant holiday scenes in and around Perth. Others show life among the timber of the South-West, on the Eastern mining fields, ia the agricul- tural districts, on the -stations on the Gascoyne, and in the wilder Nor'-West. Enlargements of most of the prize photo- graphs are given. The finest is undoubt- edly the chief prizetaker-a view entitled "The Old Homestead," by Mr. C. Walker. It shows a little homestead on a clear- ing in the midst of the bush. In the foreground an old man languidly leads a worn-out horse away to work, while a boy is seen chopping firewood. There are no other sigas ot life, and the whole sceae is one of the quiet of the country. Other views deal with all parts of the colony. Sis scenes in a kangaroo hunt make a most interesting series. As has been pointed out in previous years, tho | photographers have a marked preference for waterscapes. If hu judged by the views sent in for for competition, one might think that Western Australia was a land full of the rush of rivers and the murmur of running streams. One unique view shows the great cliffs on the south- east coast, which are described so fully in the explorations of Eyre and Sir John Forrest, and which run like a giant wall for hundreds of miles alone the Bight. In addition to fiction, the issue does something towards showing the industrial and social progress of the colony. The mining industry is described in detail. Farming, the pastoral industry, fruit- growing, pearling, and the timber indus- try are also tho subject of special articles. A diary of events gives not only the hap- penings of the past 12 months, with a most useful concentration, but the main facts in the history of Australia since the old Portuguese and Dutch explorers found the great Southern continent. The Christmas number is sold for a shilling, and should make an admirable "Christmas card" for despatch eastward by Thursday's mail, or to the old country, as containing a picture of the land we live in. 