EOR SUKDAT. SERMONS OF THE DAT. THE WAT, THE TROTH, THE LIFE By Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, JLA. 'Jesus said unto him, I am tlie way, de truth, and the life ; no man Cometh unto the Father, but by Me.' — John xiv. -I. This great saying is true universally and aJbsolutelv. But our Lord utters it £- here in a special and limited sense. He t is speaking: of the divine eternal J; ather. f It is in relation to Him that this saying E must be understood- Jesus Qirist is % the way to the Father, the truth about | tiie Father, and the life in relation to p the Father. In the first place Jesus % Christ is the way to tie Father. It is I not merely that He shows the way or r makes the way. He is the way, 3s |- does show the way. But He shows the ?? way by pointing to Himself. He does I make the way. But He makes the way t by being himself the full atonement, i sacrifice and satisfaction for all the -ins f of all mankind. Hence in the deepest '- and ultimate sense He is the way. lake ;\ every other person, He is immeasurably r -- greater than anything He says or does. '-:-'- No man ever spake like this man. No ??. man ever did such, mighty deeds as this . man. But He Himself is the greatest ;' word of God and the most stupendous Work, of God. Perfect man and perfect God He is the rock, upon which the : Qiurca is built. And against it the ;. gates of Kell will never prevaiL He ' is the living bridge which has spanned : the fathomless gulf between God and j/ man. He has therefore solved the in :: ? soluble and achieved the impossible. :- The mystery of all ages, the mystery of : godliness is revealed at last What is ; . the greatest of all questions that has ever perplexed the mind of the greatest I and wisest? It is this — How can man attain to God? How can the creature I reach and touch the Creator? As St. ; Paul reminds us in Colossians, oriental i mysticism attempted to bridge over the I ' vast abyss between man and God- drist ? sweeps away all these fantastic and yet ? pathetic systems, and presents in His i; own person the accomplished fact, the ;? actual union of God and man. Science I . in our own. day confirms the ancient doc t trine that man cannot by searching' find ). ? out God. To our unaided faculties He [* m unapproachable, invisible, incompre x hensible. And yet, as ^Mr. Herbert ?? Snencer admits, there is in Jfaiture some r thing that persists which the man of ^ science can neither understand or explain \- away. Behind and beneath all the r ' phenomena of the universe, the pheno ;?: mena with which alone human science t deals, there is something. The non ?- Oiristian says it is unknown. And we t. ? may freely admit that apart from the £ revelation of God, that is true. But, |; says euch science, it is unknown and un t knowable. Stop at that point. Un r kncwable? You are now attempting to 5 prove a negative, which is a very difficult ; ' thing. You will excuse me, but you are I stepping out of your own true srahere, '. . which is only to deal with phenomena. I' You are working from the basis of ad r mitted ignorance. You say you do not 'i know. I admit it. Scripture said 't that 2.000 years before you. But the ;.; . children of our Sunday-schools know. f For they have learned from Jesus Christ i-; ? what all cur telescopes could never re veaL Things hidden from the wise «nd , learned, leaning on their own under standing, are rerealed to babes, leaning ; ' on the arms of Christ. When babes or ?:. philosophers are leaning on Christ, the :? invisible aopears, and God is seen by mortal eye. In the Christian Church f the old oriental sentiment, to which St. ': Paul refers, survives in the disposition ? to hanker after the mother of Christ, i_. the saints, the angels, the Pope, the I ' Christian minister. But Christ Hjm : self, as He tells us in this passage, is the Way. '?' Christ the Way. p- As the inspired writer says, the new and living way, by which every human * being can come at once, immediately to the Faiher. I confess that I entirely agree with the memorable words of the i- illustrious Bobertson, of Brighton, that : the highest duty of the Christian minis ter is to bring his fellow-man to Christ, and then himself to get out of the way. ; Some may remember the memorable conversation between Alexander the ; ' Great and Diogenes the Cynic. 'What can Alexander do for Diogenes?' 'What can Alexander do for Diogenes? Alex ander can do for Diogenes onlv one thing. He can have the goodness «.o cease to stand between Diogenes and the : son.' And in like manner L, too, must Bay that the highest service which, any human being can render me is to ab stain from standing between me and the Son of Righteousness when He has arisen with healing in his wings. Let none of us make the mistake into which Philip fell on the occasion of my text Let us not say, 'ESiow us the Father.' Has Christ been so long with you, and are you as ignorant as was Philip? Christ and the Father are one, and lie who has seen Christ has seen the Father. Come to Christ, and you have already come to the Father. Let me, then, at this point, ask every one of you, in the presence of God, a pointed and direct question. Let me put it in the form in which a Scotch shepherd put it ? to a young man, who afterwards became a burning and shining light in the Church of God. This simple-minded shepherd, walking along a sheep-path in the HWi lands, met this young minister of reli gion, and greeted him with the strange salute, 'Do you know the Father V And, without waiting for any answer, he went 'Ms way. 'Do you know the Father?' The question kept ringing in the me mory of that young man, until his conscience was aroused, and he came to know the Father. Nearly half a century afterwards he was in the same part or Scotland, and, singularly enough, he met the same man, now very old. And ; tiie old man repeated the same question fe —'Do you know the Father*' Ami, with a happy smile, he was able to answer, 'I do.' Now, by one of those strange coincidences, for one moment I cross your path at Grindelwald, but we may never meet again. Do you know the Fatiier? God grant that when we do meet, you, too, may be able to an swer as unhesitatingly, as triumphantly, as did that great saint of the Christian Church, 'I do.'' Christ is the Truth. Secondly, Christ is the truth about the Father. That is to say, He not merely teaches the truth, but is the truth. He is the truth in this singular and remarkable way. His very existence reveals the Trinity to us. Xow the Trinity is the essential doctrine of the Christian religion. The doctrine which differentiates it from every other reli gion, and even from the Jewish faith. Those of us who attended the German service in this very church had a strik ing illustration of that this morning. The service began by the baptism of five children at this very font, and in every case the pastor took the child in to bis arms, as Christ did before him, and, standing where I stand now, he took the water and dropped it- on the ohild, and said, 'I baptise thee in the name of the Father, and of tike Son, and of the Holy Ghost' So that at the lihresbold of our connection with the Christian Church we are greeted by the Trinity. And, when tlie service closed, the pastor pronounced the triune bene diction, and bid us leave in the name of the 'Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' How is it that he begins and ends with a reference to the triune God 1 There are some who have been not unnaturally tempted to believe that the doctrine of the Trinity is a metaphysical abstraction with which foolish theologians have filled the minds of men. But you will find that it is not a metaphysical abstraction, but a blessed fact, having the most- intense practical interest for every one of us. For what does it reveal? It reveals, as nothing else can reveal, that the ultimate and es sential idea of God is Fatherhood. Ft reveals, as Christ by His very existence reveals, that God is pre-eminently a Father. Well does he say, 'No mas. knoweththe Father save the Son, and he to whom the Son willeth. to reveal Him.*' Obviously, the Son reveals the Father. They are co-relative terms. And the ; only begotten Son, because the eternal iSon, reveals to us whati — the eternal Father. Remember that the only rela .tion in which God is eternal is His j Fatherhood. He is not an eternal cre ator. For there was a time when He lived in the solitude of the Eternity of the past, when there was no creature created. Nor is He an eternal King in reference to the eternity or the past. For there was a time when He had no subject. Neither is He an eternal Judge. For there was a time when no j creature existed for His judgment. But He is an eternal Father, because he has an eternal Son. Hence it follows that the essential idea of God is a paternal idea. Unhappily, although we are in the last deeade of the nineteenth cen tury, I am obliged to confess that no church has realised that, although it 'S the great practical conclusion of the doctrine which all churches hold, both in the Catholic Church and in the Protes tant Church. God is still regarded su premely as a judge. Although that is \ the truth, it is not the supreme truth. This limited view of God has had a most appalling effect. I shall never forget the effect made on my own mind by a remark made to me when I was pastor in the south of London. A layman, who had been a member of my own com munion, and had held every office it was ! possible to hold, confessed to me that j until I had come there and impressed ! upon him and others the great essential i truth of the fatherhood of God, he had j never, all through his Christian life, '? thought of God specially and vividly and ? supremely as his Father. God had* been a king and judge, and nothing more. The . tender and gracious and delightful con- ' ception of his Father had only dawned upon him in his old age, and with the] most blessed results in his own personal \ happiness. Then I resolved I would ; never lose an opportunity of impressing : upon those who call themselves Chris- j tians the unspeakable blessedness of this '?? truth. I am sure of this — that the' Fatherhood of God will occupy a much more prominent place in the better Christianity of the future. The day is coming when the churches generally will accept the Christianity of St. John, who did realise that God was Ms Father, and our children's children will say with an intensity and with a delight of which perhaps we are incapable — 'Our Father which art in heaven.' CHRIST IS THE LIFE. Jesus Christ is the Life in relation to the Father. His incarnation made Him the new Head of the race of Adam. We are not, in the truest and highest sense of the word, the sons of God until we are united to Christ as a branch is united to the vine, and as our limbs are united to our bodies. In one sense all men are the sons of God, because they are the sous of Adam, wBom one evange list calls the son of God. But, in the truest and best sense, in the sense of highest Bonship, no man has any right to call himself the son of God until he has trusted in Christ and been born again and been united to Christ. But when a man is able to say, as St. Paul said, not in metaphorical or metaphysi cal terms, but as an expression of a vital fact, ''I live, yet not L but Christ in me,' then indeed the life is a life of true sonship. Jesus Christ has given us His own life of Sonship, which is His own peculiar glory. This He reproduces in us, and then we can cry, as never before — to use the pathetic language of St. Paul — 'Abba, Father,' Dear Father. We must eat Hi6 flesh ; we must drink His blood, or we have no life in us — life in the New Testament sense of the word — no Christ-like life. That is our true life. We were created for that, and we are utterly dissatisfied until we have that. Can you imagine any more degrading conception of Chris tianity than that Christ came merely to save us from hell ? It is true as far as it 'goes.- But, oh! that was not His ob ject. His great object was that we might hare life, and that abundantly. Neither to take us out of hell nor to heaven, but to make us like Himself in Grindelwald. That v;as tbe glorious purpose of His resurrection life. Have you this true Efef Bo you share this true life so truly that- you are in con scious fellowship with Christ? I was much impressed by a typical case in London, and I refer to these things be cause Christianity is essentially an ex perimental science, and the danger of theologians is to live above the clouds, and never to bring their theories into contact with real life. The new test of all science which was discovered by Lord Bacon must be applied to Christianity as well as to astronomy. If your doc trine of the church is not big enough to include all Christians, you had better stretch it. Away with it. At any rate the twentieth century will have done with it. Bring everything to the test of truth. We must open our eyes and see things as they are. We must bring everything to the test of verifiear tion. I repudiate in advance anything that I may say which is contradicted by fact. At St. James's Hall a few Sun days ago, at the close of the service, a Canadian gentleman came, into the ves try. I had been speaking of union with Christ. 'That is the very thing I want,' he said. 'I realise now as never before that though I have been a, Christian I have never been conscious of this union with Christ. There is an aching void that has never been filled. I have been a member of a Christian church. But I have lacked something. This is what I want' 'You may receive it now,' said a Christian to whom he spoke, dog matic with that glorious dogmatism which is founded upon experience. I am very certain there is such a place as Grindelwald, because I have been here. And so the simple-minded Christian did not imagine that there was any true modesty in denying the Lord who bought him, for 'what we have felt and seen, with confidence we tell.' He bore wit ness to God, and as he testified the man heard and rejoiced and submitted to Christ. This is our true life. This is the only real life. And this life ever comes to us as the free gift of God. When will all those who wish to be Christians submit? There are many more who wish to do so than appears upon the sur face. Thousands of persons of both sexes have during the last twenty years been good enough to confide to me their spiritual condition. And I am greatly struck by the fact that in all quarters there is an intense desire to be good, to be Christian. But the delusion we dis cover is this — They think that Christ will cultivate and develop our old natural life, and that we must co-operate with Him. He does nothing of the kind. He gives us a new life, His own life, that ours may he a Christ-like life. I may sum up the whole ethical teaching of Christianity as A Christ-life Life the only kind of life. You are a Chris tian if you do what Christ said. Let us distinctly understand one another. The reason why the majority of the people of Europe are outside all the Christian churches is because we have not realised that our duty is not merely to get to heaven, but to lead a Christ like life in the particular position in which. God has placed us. But you say that is impossible. Yes ; if left to our selves. Do you remember the time when Christ looked with compassionate eyes on the disciples and said, 'With man it is impossible. But vriik God all tilings are possible.' And the question is not -what you can do by your own | efforts or by any amount of culture, i But what the Spirit of God can do su-| pernaturally and miraculously, if vou I place yourself in God's hands, allow Him to accomplish the purposes for which He breathed into you the breath j of life. I witness every week the mira cle of bringing1 men from darkness into light, out of the bondage of evil into the freedom of the sons of God. This is a greater miracle iihan curing the sick. It is one of the marvels of God which He promised should be repeated in every age. I have seen thousands of men and women who are now bright and radiant, and they declare -&at; they have not wrought the change, but Christ in thorn. This is whaio He is wait ing to do for all of us. 'I can do all things.' said St. PauL That is bold even for an apostle. But he added something — 'I can do all thing in liv ing union with Christ/' the union of the branch with the vine. It is no longer a question of what P*ul can do, but what God can do if the apostle allows Him to have Hie own way. We, too, may rea lise the bold words of St. Paul if we cling to Christ. I think that there are some who, when you speak of free sal vation, think that there is something very dangerous about it. There is no premium on idleness in this salvation. The great majority of Christians, I know, are useless. In every church it is a email minority who do the work. We ought all to do our very utmost for God by doing our utmost for man. This salvation does not mean laziness. It means that God saves us so thoroughly that we shall not be busy in looking after our own salvation, but we shall have plenty of time to look after the salvation of others. You remember how on one occasion the disciples were in the midst of a great storm. The waves were leaping high, and, wet to the skin, and weary, they toiled and toiled. They made no progress, and only suc ceeded in preventing themselves from being drive on the rocks. And in the midst of the storm Christ stepped on board the vessel, and they were at their desired heaven. There was no more storm, there was no toil after Christ came on board. But what was the re sult? Do they say, We will lie and lounge on the shore ? On the contrary, they begin at once to preach the Gospel and do good. The fact that they were safe did not make them indifferent to their duty. Take my own case. What a miserable thing it would be if I had to 50 about saying 'Am I saved? Do you think I am going to Heaven or not?' I should do no good to anybody. In the midst of tlie weary millions of London, ?.diat should I do if I were overwhelming ly engaged in working out my own f^lva tion in that miserable way. My duty is to make London the City of God, that it may be known in heaven that London, with her million voices, worships God. Having trusted in Christ, I am no longer pre-occupied with my own salvation. God gives me opportunity and leisure to secure my own happiness and future by promoting that of others. I fear that- even to-night, in this congregation, wliich consists no doubt mainly of Chris tians, there may be some brought hy ac cident or curiosity who have never yet realised that Clirist is their own personal Saviour, and have never so submitted to Christ as to know that He is their Saviour. How necessary it is to know. ' I often think of a Roman noble, a fine, handsome young fellow, who accepted Christianity, and was afterwards com manded to burn incense. He declared he would not. At last the PnMJonsul said: — ''You refuse, because, if I order you to be put to death you fancy that this Jesus will take you to heaven.' To which this young fellow replied, 'I do not fancy it, I know it.' There was a glorious ring of certainty about that. There was no helping or speculating. Our sins are reaL God grant that we may have a religion that is equally real. I do not like a man who blushes and stammers, and beats about the bush, and hums and haws when I ask him about religion. God help us to trust in Him, that we may trust in Christ and realise the truth of His own words that He will not cast us out. Let me tell you, in conclusion, an incident that hap pened when Mr. Moody was preaching. Some mechanic, who did not enjoy the benefit of the eight hours movement, was going home from work. Curiosity temp ted him to force his vray into the crowded hall in which Mr. Moody was speaking, and he stood with his back agninst the door. Just at that moment Mr. Moody put out his hand. It seemed as if he were addressing him : ''Will you take eternal life as a gift?' said Mr. Moody. The man felt it such a direct question that he said: 'Eternal life as a gift. Will I take it? I shall be a great tool if I don't.' And in that blunt and simple way he resolved to throw himself on the mercy of God, and received it. That was some years ago. To-day he is a happy Christian worker in Lancashire. I repeat the question. Will you receive this life; which is Christ, as a free gift, because God loves you so much, because He cannot help loving you ? God saves us not because we have done anything to deserve it, but because He cannot help it. I should be sorry to preach here without, quoting what seem to me to be the most- beautiful words in the Bible. 'I, even I, am He that blotteth out thy transgression for Mv own sake.' 'For Mr own sake.' Not because you de serve it, not because you need it, or want it. God finds more pleasure in savins: than. we in beins: saved. Mnv the desire of God be gratified this hour, for Christ's sake. 