.NOTES AND NOTIONS. (By Quilp.) Womkn and Politics— A Silly asd Jnoklicatk DmsATK —A Defence of A Scotch Poet — A New Austka max Romance — Tiie Bust Bon net Business. — The Aumthation Bill. When woman brings her lovely pre sence iuto the realm of politics, it is supposed that she will convert all that is now sordid and disreputable into sweetness and fragrance. Yet it is a curious fact then whenever womanhood suffrage comes up for discussion in the assembly, the occasion is marked by violent and disreputable language. The last second reading debate was no exception. Sir William Lyne gave it a bad start when he brought up, with high praise, Marie Corelli's name as a reason women should have the vote. That gave the mem ber for Northumberland an opening, and in characteristic fashion he styled Corelli a ' blasphemous beast,' and quarrelled with the Premier for recom mending her as a writer. Mr. Terry member for Ryde, spoke to my mind (and. I judge from the verbatim 'Hansard'1 report) innocent ly enough but it pleased a salaciously inclined assembly to put a .'.'double entendre 'on all his phrases, and to greet them with roars of laughter. No less a person^too, than Sleath the im maculate rose afterwards to complain of the '-indecency' of Mr. Terry's apeech. Although the debate was not a dignified or even a reputable one, it may be summed up to have consisted of poor arguments, bad language, and indelicate allusion. Mr. Dan O'Con nor made the best speech of the debate, but it was spoilt by an over loading of classical allusion. Of course there was a good deal of poetry quoted. That is inevitable when the woman question comes on for discussion. The most apropos of the quotations was by Mr,' T. H. Griffiths, member for Albury, as follows : — O ! woman — careful, .tasteful, woman, This truth yon must confess : That politics are not your forte, But love, and home, pnd dress. O! woman— tender, tearf nl woraau, You are not made for strife ; But happy homes to make on earth That is your sphere of life. O I woman — fairest flower on earth,' Since first our race began ; O 1 be our love, our angel still ; Don't try to be a man. Scottish citizens generally 'will be glad to hear that Mr. George Black is about to publish by. private sub scription a reprint (improved, revised, and enlarged) of his defence of the poet Burns. The author states : ''By way of a review of Henley's edition of his works, Burns was charged in set terms with being a, mere pilferer, copyist, and literary thief in the columns of the ' Bulletin' on 23rd Oct. and 4th December, 1897. In the columns of that journal on 5th and' 19th February. 1898, -appeared replies from my pen which many authorities were good enough to say completely refuted the ' Bulletin's' charges. These will form the basis of the proposed' volume, which will . mainly be devoted to a refutation of the charge of plagiarism, but will also afford some space to an enquiry into the methods of many illustrious plagiarists, includ ing Shakespeare, also will parallel certain of Burns' songs and their alleged sources of inspiration, and will close with a series of quotations concerning 'Bump, culled from the writings of the poets, writers, critics . and thinkers of his day and every suc ceeding generation.' Scots '' rather more than admire Burns ; they revere him and will probably therefore support this defence of his reputation against the re-hash of slander, which the ' Bulletin' printed. Others will also welcome the work, partly because there is so little effort at genuine literary criticism in Australia, that what is produced should be encouraged, and partly be cause one likes to see fair play to an author, and that the '? Bulletin ' did not give. On the subject of books : Ambrose Pratt has received fromLondouadvarice copies of his novel ' King of the Rocks.' I-Iutcbinson and Co. are the publishers. The story is strongly sen sational, and I hear from London that the sales there have been already large. It is a profitable thing to be a colonial iu London just now. There are further tidings of success ful gold-dredging in New Zealand, where the sea beaches aro uow to be asked to give up their gold to the dredges. So far, however, this method of money- winning does not seem to have become popular iu New South Wales. A few months ago there wero schemes to dredge for gold every littlo creek in tho colony. Now one hardly ever hears dredging mentioned exceptlocally. rJ hero are a few — a very few —companies which promise well ; the rest seem to have been given up as hopolt'ss. What makes the difference 1 If new Zealand car. get gold by dredg ing auriferous sands, cannot werlo sol Wo certainly have the auriferous sand. \--: ??-? ?- ' The old sneer th,it when there is any trouble 'find the woman,'' was brought to mind by Jimmy Governor at his trial, who blumed for his startling career of mum the taunts levelled (or alleged to have be-.-n levelled) by Mrs. Mawbey agaiut-.l his -\v ife. Ever since the days of Adam, when man is called to book he is apt to remark, ' The woman temptc.l me and so I fe'L' In oho way the plea is 'justifiable, in another utterly \v;\\-;i^. .U i.-i i.ot woman so much as man's false ideal of woman that c.iuses much crime. Be tween them a man and a woman frame a policy of prido and revenge fulness and envy. The woman must have a better bonnet than her neighbor. Tho man must not see his wife put upon by that stuck up woman next do'or. ?Running on that Dolicv, disaster is. bound to come. It may only be a mean little disaster of rows and ructions, and . curtain lectures, and back-bitings, and secretly embittered lives ; or it may be a big glaring tradgedy. In either ? cas', it is woe fully sad. And it is no use the man saying ' It was the woman,' and the woman 'It was the man.' It was both of them, or rather the altogether foolish, unchristian and mean spirit of envy and uncharitableness which both of them made the mainspring of their lives. Any vague talk by the Premier as to what he will do with the Legislative Council because of the rejection of the Arbitration Bill may bo taken as so much ' flam.' Sir William Lyne was probably never very much in love with ; the bill himself ; it was Mi1. Wise's pet, not his, and his grief at its loss is probably not overwhelming. But vsoine sort of a show of sorrow must be made for the sake of the labor caucus. As to whether the labor members themselves are downcast and dejected because of the fate of the bill, it is hard to express a reasonable opinion which would not have a savor of malice. The ? gentlemen making up the solidarity party seem to be iust as much ' in the swim,1 as the Premier. A huge farce is being played for the sake of the gallery ; and provided that they get the reputation for zeal among their constituents these members do not trouble to make any inconvenient or harassing representations. It is really a very jolly little party which meet at Macquarie Street, days and-nights, and plays the game of bluff and mystification. Mr. George Reid flits in and out a substantial but in effective ghost with a grievance, and tries to disturb the happy serenity of the Assembly, but fails. Premier and labor party understand one another thoroughly, and co-operate in a happy game of humbug. When a measure for which there is understood to be a popular demand,- but the effect of which would be disastrous, is brought forward it is promptly rushed through, with a quiet wink to the Council, and, that much abused body steps between the people and the humbug, thus rob bing the game of most of its danger. Probably there is not one genuine mourner over the Arbitration Bill which was given such summary shrift in the Council. Some few of the workers may give it a tear, but they will be very few. It was essentially one of the ' falce ' bills (one necessarily falls into American political slang in discussing these matters) ; the people who make their living by persuading the workingman that he is a deeply wronged creature invented thebill and dubbed it a ' labor reform.' The labor voters who follow their leaders as sheep follow the bell-wether, there fore ' demanded ' it in a nonchalant kind of wa)'. But there has never been any real agitation for an Arbitra tion Bill. Had the measure passed, the country would probably have suffered at once from scores of strikes. For a long time we have been happily free from labor disturbances. It is only in accordance with human nature that when the workers had an act which made strikes a matter of 'heads I win tails you lose' they would have decided to indulge in them pretty frequently. The colony is to be congratulated on having escaped this measure. What ever Sir William Lyne may say now about a Royal Commissioner and so'on is just so much talk to. cover ever a retirement. The bill will never sbe heard of again ; may the same fate,'' is ' Quilps,' wish, await other almost equally mischievous measures now on the business paper. 