The Musical World, In the "Strad" for June a newrmusical in strument is thus described:*Among; curious musi cal inventions bf the.' present- andíhút.centuries, a place.: will have to be found#>r that bf ¡Mr., Stroh, who has managed to combine,the. wooden, ''fingerboard, bridge, and the usual accessories of an ordinary violin with apparently the metal* tubular, arrangement of the larg'er wind instrur?" ' mehts. The whole conception ,'ánd construction^, la :.certainly ingenious, and must "bave required ! much'careful study and experiment. But as with,; -jail'-.efforts at improvement in any direction, theî .results have to be carefully and impartially mea-, s:ured y/ith the kind and cost of the means , em ployed to obtain them. In the present instance, 'the.-efforts-appear to. have been chiefly-directed ! towards;, obtaining power. In the construction, the 'usual' scroll, -fingerboard, bridge, tail piece , and- strings, of the .violin have been retained, but .' j$e Tsound ;* post," -.instead of being inside an en ! closure'".of?'wood, ; is;openly resting upon a -dia ! phragm qt .-métal ; from ..which the. vibrations-or. inl more"- simple. terms-the sound ..made", by bow ing as upon the strings of a -violin, is transmitted through ." à : resonator - such Jas is used^for the pfionbgraph. . The. instrument is played from the stíbÜJdér -Miko a;, . violin;, Having per sohally / inspected "., and ; made trial of Qn#.-*ib.e. impression: it gave -ítvás -:that of an 'in strument of a .peculiar , ärid rnovel type, which al-; though in no way rivalling the welMmo .vu aual- M ities of the violin, has a timbre -JU ou.f and me tallic that might enable it to appoai to mu.ih advantage in a sëparate fièld of usefulness. The tone is produced freely and without harshness. In use its weight, from-the necessary-mechanism and amount of metal -used, might be considered a disadvantage. If* the inventoi, Mr. Charles S trohj\:con templates the construction, uor/has al ready made other and perhaps-laigor sizes-above the present; there might be a good tuturi» for the family if kèpt.apart as a specialist." / The editor of "Musical Opiuioa ! ivays, -.with a triumphant sneer: So tho wcH's ', nrranÛ uld man of music, the' ''verdant Verdi," as. some wit ...has. christened him, was .. after all uot, as hos .hitherto been allégea, refused admited ne to the Milan Conservatoire, in 1832 oh the ground that he had no special aptitude for music. The books have been looked up, and it has been clearly proved that the artist of eighteen summers was rejected as a bad pianist, and not as a nascent talented composer. This adds further ridicule to the absurd excuse invented by Fetis, on be half of the director of the Conservatoire. His Idea was that the director must have sought for some indication of artistic faculty in the personal appearance of young Verdi. He would . not Uni nay such indication, says Fetis in effect. "That icy exterior, that impassibility of feature, and bearing, those thin lips, that ensemble .of steel, might well indicate intelligence; a diplomat st might be hidden beneath it, but no one could dis cover in it the passionate impulses of the mind which ale he pie id¿s over the creation of the grand works of the most inspiring of- the arts." One represses a.smile with difficulty. If principal* of music i?clio ls are going to form an opinion-on the chances of the future of a candidate on that candidate's physiognomy, it is time that they all hsd taken to the study of Lavater in dead earn est. "Music" says that lt seems that certain wocd9 largely used in pianoforte construction in Ameri ca are becoming scarce, notably elm, hickory, ash, and whitewood. The "Indicator" says: "Foriy years agb.walniit forces were so plentiful that far re ers s'mply had to clear their lands to ship large quantities i f timber to market, but to-day the sup ply cf walnut is confined chiefly to the few groves which are planted for. their nute as-much as for the!.- timber. Cherry is likewise becom ing scarce, and furniture and cabinet maker»:» are looking for substi tutes. Birch and maple are receiving the most attention Just- now from the timbermen who supply native woods to. manufacturers, and it is fair to assume that they will decrease as rapidly in quantity as walnut and cherry." By the way, why do our makers not experiment with some of the Australian hardwoods, which can now be shipped to the hom« country in suffi cient quantities? Most of it ls, of course, very hard to work, but the softer kinds might be found to be practicable, as they are' beautiful. A reader of "Musical Opinion," who takes a spe cial interest in hymnology, askes the editor for some information regarding the "Veni, Creator ? Spiritus," which as he rightly says, enjoys the . distinction of being the only metrical hymn au thorised by the Church of England for its ser vices. Unfortunately this is another case of doubtful authorship. By almost common con Sent, indeed, the "Veni, Creator, Spiritus" is: at tributed to the Emperor Charlemagne, but it is held by Trench and other authorities to be of much earlier date. " It is impossible to deter mine the matter with absolute certainty. The i first recorded instance of the use of the hymn ; was-at-the-translation -of some Benedictine re lics in 898, but it is no doubt older than that. The hymn .has long been used in Western Christendom at times of special solemnity-the coronation of kings, the consecration of bishops, the ordination of priests, the celebration of synods, the election of ^opes, and so on. The translation now used,- begin ning "Come, Holy Ghost,'our souls inspire," ap peared first in the Ordinal of the English: Prayer Book in 1662, and is attributed to Bishop Cosin, in whose "Collection of Private Devotions" (1677) it. is found. . The second version in the liturgy, .."Come," Holy Ghost, eternal God," was first given in the Prayer Book of 1552, md is generally believed to have been by some of the early Reformers. The popular ' rendering, be ginning "Creator, Spirit, by whose aid," is due ta Dryden, who has been called "the most felici tous and the most- reckless of English . transla tors." Edward Caswall, the author of "Jesus, the Very Thought of Thee," made the transla tion "Come, Holy Ghost, Creator Blest." I do not know that anything more can be said about either the hymn or its history. "Musical Opinion" says that our young Scottish composer, Mr. Hamish MacCunn, does not seem to be a very optimistic person in the matter of the musical profession. An interviewer asked him recently whether he thought that ¡.he musician's lot was a happy one. Oh the whole, his answer tends to the opinion that lt is just about as happy as the policeman's. If you take to conducting, you arö jti^elj* to have an over-development of the ! right: shoulder. If you are a composer, your hand gét¿;.'tired/writing down .your inspirations. It you; are merely an ordinary teacher it the rank* and file, you earn a yery precarious income. And so on.- Mr.:MacCuhh makes à piela, for more per marient orchestras,. .and he wants every opera company to have a full orchestra- of its own.- The travelling opera company, he sayp, takes on at íéach town a:-certain number of local players to "simplement . its own band. Half of them are worthless, /fhey can "shiver on the fiddle when ^he mortgage on. the oldj farm .is. mentioned in conventional drama, but opera is beyond their reach." . ¿Mr.; MacGunn is, of course, founding on his recent experiences as conductor of the Carl Rosa Opera Company. If he goes round thé pro. vinces again after the above remarks have been digested; he had better look our for. squalls. Tve derided/fiddlers may want to shiver his timbers.. 