0URL0ND0K LETTER. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, February 23, 1900. DEBATE OX THE JAMESOX RAID. The Honee of Commons has by a large majority declined to reopen the Jameson raid enquiry, and on Tuesday practically sent Mr. Chamberlain home without a 'stain on his character.' The debate was the reverse of lively, and the crowded visi tors' benches looked sadly defrauded. Mr. Thomas, the Welsh member, with whom lay the attack, did not do badly with an cient history, but moved no one. ilr. Chamberlain walked in and out of Ae House whilst Mr. Thomas and his se conder were orating, and finally rose to re ply, looking bored and without a single note in his hand. The 'Daily News' sum mary avers the Colonial Secretary said he would leave others to defend tie conduct of the South African Committee. For himself, he would reply to the charges brought against him. 'They are not charges,' he added, 'they are insinuations based upon suspicion, imputations those who put them forward dare not say they believe. Mr. Evans had argued that the country demanded a further enquiry, being troubled by the suspicion created. Mr: Chamberlain declared there was not one who*e gool opinion he valued a s^rap who had been influenced in the slightest degree by the attacks on his personal honor. Com ing lo his defence, he reminded thj House that it was he who, immediately upon the announcement of ?the raid, promised en quiry. He personally desired it should be a judicial enquiry, but was over-ruled by Sir William Harcourt, who. preferred a Parliamentary Committee. He had, much against his will and inclination, consented to sit npon the committee. That, again, was on Sir William Harconrt's representa tion that his co-operation was absolutely necessary. It was at Sir William Hsr court's suggestion that the Committee of Enquiry had closed at the precise point where closure had taken place. Leaning across the table and addressing himseli directly to Sir William Hareourt, Mr. Chamberlain, in impressive manner, de clared his conviction that Sir William did not take that course with intention to shield either the Colonial Office or anyone outside it whatever his position might be. As to the Hawksley telegrams, they were submitted, to him confidentially, and he had more than once declared that, as far as he was concerned, there was no objec tion to their being submitted to the com mittee. Becking the passage in one of Mr. Hawksley's letters that 'if the tele grams do come up Chamberlain will have no one to thank for it but himself,' thi Colonial Secretary quietly remarked— 'Well, I have only myself u- thank for it. If I had not promised enquiry, moved for enquiry, and insisted on enquiry, the exis tence of the telegrams -would never have been made known.' There was not a jot — not an iota — of new evidence or even of suspicion that justified the demand foi further enquiry. In a passage in which the anger of three hours was condensed, he said — 'T?hey do not want an enquiry. They want an execution.' As long as there was a verdict of acquittal behind them, they would go on asking for an enquiry. ^Jet them,' he declared in conclusion, 'do their worst. I am per fectly ready to rely on the good sense and the generosity of this House and of my countrymen outside, but I venture to' say that this attack, like all those that have preceded it, will recoil on the shoulders of those wfho make it up.' Sir WilHsm Harcourt and Sir CanvpbeUBanner man n»ade, to a thin audience, expfaTra tions of their attitude (ancient history again), and finally *y 286 to 152 Mr. Cham berlain' triumphed. CHAMBERLAIN ON THE BRACT. Addressing a meeting in Manchester on Wednesday night, Mr. Augustine Birrei] counselled the people not to get Mr. Chamberlain too much on the brain. 'Po- litics,', tile hon. member observed, 'are not 'made out of personalities, and this 'Chamberlain on *he brain,' in my opinion, is not only a dismay, but it is what I Should call a childish disease— one of 'Hie diseases of childhood, rather t&an; of ma ture old -age. I wish there were any means of inoculating the liberal population against it. Do not let us exaggerate either the good or -the bad in Mr. Chamberlain. He rcarmot- dominate -hne policy of this country. No mem can do that. And after all, in a few short years, Mr. Cham berlain, like Alexander the Great, Xerxes, and Darius, will have disappeared, even as we ^haU all of us, into 'the world of ghosts. But Soutih Africa will remain, and tbe Eng lish in South Africa, 'and the Dutch and the Kaffirs, will remain. Therefore the problem' we are called upon to settle ought to be looked at 'wholly irrespective of Mr. Chamberlain. He is- but a fleeting sha dow, the incident of 'tie hour. tet us look the facts in the face for ourselves, make up our minds, not animated by per sonal likes -or dislikes. There is too much of that in pontics.' j. LONDON* HOEBOE. On Saturday last Mr. Justice Ridley condemned to death a fair-faced but cal lous-hearted creature named Williams for the murder of the 19-months-old baby of Miss Selina Ellen Jones, a single woman, who tried to hide her shame by farming out her illegitimate offspring. Ada Wil liams, the condemned woman, was, though only 24 years of age, quite an old hand at bsby-farming, which she carried on with apparently, the full approval of her husband, a man past the prime of life. He also was put on trial for murder, but tie evidence against him was not suffici ently. clear to enable the jury to find him guilty. Though they tried to convict him of being an accessory after the fact, the prosecution could not accept their verdict owing to some legal technicalities, and it seems that the man will escape all eon sequences of his undoubtedly close asso ciation with his wife's crime. The story of the murder may be briefly set forth thus: — In August last the female prisoner advertised in a Woolwich newspaper for ra. nurse-child, and Miss Jones wrote to the advertiser, 'Mrs. Hewetson, Bradmorc lane, Hammersmith,' the name in which it appeared the male prisoner had pre viously made arrangements for letters to be taken in. Mrs. Hewetson turned out -to be the female prisoner asd she agreed to adopt the child for £5. The most elaborate preparations seemed to have been made to carry out the crime. The ?priso- ners took the house, 2, Grove Villas, Barnes. The two adjoining houses were vacant. Instead cf having the child taken there the woman went to a house in the Sutherland-road, Hammersmith, and took apartments for -the night for herself and child. She then arranged to meet Miss Jones at Charing Cross station and take her to the house in the Sutherland road, where she said she was stay ing until her 'house was ready. Sihe introduced Jones as her sis ter and they had tea together. Be fore leaving she pointed out the houss where she said she was going to reside, and the girl gave her £3 of the £5 promii=ed, arranging to pay the balance of £2 the fol lowing Sunday. Miss Jones went to the house indicated as arranged, but it was still empty, and becoming anxious about the child she applied to the police for assis tance. The child was, no doubt, taken to Grove Villas, Barnes, and it was there seen by a neighbor. Subsequently, when the female prisoner was asked by the neighbor what had become of it. she said her sister had taken it home. On the morning of September 27 the dead body of the child was found in the Thames near Battersea. It had been strangled by a piece of tape tied tightly round the neck and there were also serious injuries to the head. The body had been 'trussed,' to occupy the smallest possible space, and round the body int some blind cord. Similar cord was found subseouentlv in the house occuDied bv tho prisoners at Barnes, and also some knotted cord, the knots, which were peculiar, being similar to those with which the cords around the body were tied. After the in quest the prisoners disappeared from Barnes. This was in October, and the female prisoner ac the time of her arre-t was acting as manageress in a coffee-shop at South Hackney. Prior to this, on De cember 5, she wrote to the police exonerat ing her husband, who, she said, had viewed with horror the baby-farming business ;n which she had been engaged. She saH she had 'had five children, two of whom had died. The others she had succeeded in gei ting other persons to adopt at about one half the amount she had received. This particular child had been adopted by a Mrs. Smith, who had given her address as Church-road, Croydon. f?he asserted her innocence, but said she did not come for ward as facts were undoubtedly snspiciouo and innocent persons had 'been hung be fore She said she had no oorroboration of her story, but was trying to lind the woman Smith. At -the time of the trill 'Mrs. Smith'' had not been found, and in view of the fact that most conclusive evi dence was adduced to show that the 'body found in the Thames was that of Miss Jones's baby, it is fair to assume that 'there Jievor was no sich person/' The proofs of Mrs. Williams having been the actual murderer of the infant were of course all circumstantial, but the jury ivere less than half an hour considering tJieir verdict, and tbe sentence passed upon the woman, trbttet attitude throughout the trial was one of callous indifference, seems to meet general approval. HATHI, THE 5IURDEEER. The patrons of the eacred concert at the Crystal Palace last Sunday got exceiv tional value for their money. They had no music, it is true, but they bad pleniy of excitement in the shape of an elephant hunt. It wasn't run on orthodox lines by anv means, tor t'he elephants did moat of the huntin? so far, at any Pate, as the concert audience were concerned, and a ahoclrinf* dank overtook one of the men who tried to play -the hunter's part. Tlu? stories as to die origin of the affair differ materially, but the sequence of events ap pears to have been as follows. Tn'.i of the elephajrts attached to Lord George ganger's Circns had been behaving badly all the day and were chasri.-ed by the keei-er« for their misconduct. The inmishmerrt api-ears to have driven one devil out and seven into t3ie huge bea.*?ks for ju.=?t before 4 p.m. they wound up .1 display of vicious temper by breaking loose. Defying all attempts to check them, the pair broke through the circus enclosure, followed by 'Chippy' Woods, a, keeper, who had had charge of the bijicest of the trtfante — a huge beast called 'Charlie.' To Woods' shouted orders 'Charlie' paid no -heed, and when the keeper 'tried to -hesri the elephant off he was promptly felled with a blow of its trunk. What followed may be imagined, but cannot be adequately described. The enraged brute gored the hapless keeper as he lay on the ground and executed a war dance on the prostra»te man't; mutilated carcase, lea-vine the hapless victim an un recognisable pulp of flesi, bones, and blood. The two elephants then dashed into the nave and played havoc with the statuary, and the smaller beast made a bee-line for the concert-room, in which a considerable audience were waiting for the opening of the concert. The door was closed against him, but with one mighty thrust of his giant head he sent the glass panels in with a crash. Sturdy partitions ripped like cardboard and minor impediments went down like ninepins. His unceremonious entrance was greeted by a shriek from the terrified audience, largely composed of ladies. Hysterically, madly, they made for the most convenient exits, and the stam pede seems to have, for a moment, arrested the elephant's triumphal march. The eJc phant left the hall without doing more damage, and then burst his way into the central transept, crashed into the north nave by breaking down a door, and paid a visit to the skating rink. Here he shed his hot blood freely, splotches of it dis figuring the smooth surface. Coming to the aviarv he again changed his tack, and another battering-ram incident or two brought him through an end door into the North Tower Gardens. Liberty wa* now his, and, levelling a fence or two, he broke into the open country. The alarm was raised; policemen and volunteers and a brace of quiet elephants went after him. Meanwhile 'Charlie' had remained in the south nave, sulkily refusing to go back to his quarters. At last it was decided to kil' him and a loaf saturated with 4 os. of cyanide of potassium was offered. The brute devoured the bread, became dazed and stupefied, and was afterwards led back. For hours Mr. Sanger stood by him talking to him, and the crack shot of the Palace watched over him with a rifle. There was no rifle in the place of sufficient bore to kill the brute speedily, so as it had been decided to shoot him a messenger was dispatched to town ' for elephant rifles. These did not arrive till nearly 10 o'clock, after eix hours of painful anxiety. Meantime the other animals were cleared out from the show, and then the shooters took up their stand outside the barriers. Every exit was opened to allow of escape for the little crowd of pressmen and attendants who -watched die proceedings. Then came a deafening report. Charlie's great form trembled for a moment and then crashed earthwards, stating the whole building. Everyone rushed out but the shooters, but there was nothing to fear, for C&arlie; was stone dead. His, forehead 'was pierced with an explosive bullet; another two bad found their billet in the vulnerable spot behind the ear; another crashed into his skull from jOver the temple; and yet another found the brain through tbe eye. The other elephant^ after clearing the palace grounds, got into Barrett Wood, Bromley Common. Thence 'he appears to have gone in the direction of Beckenbam, and after a peaceful sleep in a sand- pit made a viat to Bromley,' tearing up the palings of a church en route. Thence he bolted to Keston and Haves Common, and after destroying a haystack at Dewes Farm went into Barhet Wood. All the time men had been on nis track, but it was not until midday on Monday that His Royal High ness (for that is the elephant's name) was Tecaptured 'by a posse of five elephants, a dozen keepers, about 100 police, and a following of local folk, in the heart of the wood. His Royal Highness was shackled to his mother and ' conveyed safely back to the Dala.ee. He is not to die, for his record up to Sunday last was clean,- and since his capture he nas shown no signs of vice. 'Charlie's' career was well closed. He killed a man two years ago at Dalston, and nine years ago at Bridport he nearly killed his-keeper. Fits of temper were common with him as cold winds in March, and only last Friday he went for the stud groom with such vicionsness thit iiie jnan onlv just managed to escape poor Woods' fate. LAST DUSDONALD'S REVENGE. Lord Dundonald, the inventor of the Maxim galloping carriage, is now waging war on the Boers. His wife, the countess, is waging war against her neighbors, on their beautiful estate at Afaergele, in North Wales. Lady Dundonald, who lives at Gwrych Castle, is said to have given very little encouragement to efforts made by the urban district council to make the town more popular for visitors. One of its at tractions was a beautiful vista of stately sycamores, the foliage of which formed a lofty arch of perfect symmetry. The ave nue was unrivalled for its beaut\\\ But it was narrow, and there were two dangerous corners in it — the only draw backs to its praeticabflity as a main road. For years past the local council have con templated the purchase of land from the countess to widen the road, but her lady ship flatly refused, to sell an inch unless compelled. The council threatened to ob tain compulsory powers, and then the countess offered to give land to improve the dangerous corners, providing the coun cil would not widen the avenue. The council refused the compromise. Then came the climax. Last week wood-cutters commenced to fell some of the trees in the avenue. The townspeople became in dignant and the workmen were persuaded to desist. The council then decided to acquire the land by compulsion, where upon the countess commenced to put into force her threat to cut down all the trees, unless her terms were agreed to. Twenty magnificent sycamore trees, which have withstood the ravages of time and weather for over a century, have been levelled to the ground, and the avenue is a thing of the past. MR. JOSEPH COWEVS DEATH. The death, at -the age of 69, of Mr. Joseph Cowen, who for many years was a prominent personage in English politic-, ends a curiously ineffective career. Born of great wealth and gifted with abilities of a high order, he ought to have made a much greater mark than he did. In early manhood Mr. Cowen was a rampint Ua-ii- cal of the most advanced type, and was a -friend in need to all the Continental re volutionists— :Mazzini, Garibaldi, Kossuth, and many others, not all of the same lofty type. He supplied tSiem with funds for their raids and revolts, and his home at Blaydon Burn was their sanctuary in the hour of danger. So thoroughly, in deed, was Mr. Cowen identified with re volutionary Continentals that at one time the Governments of Russia, Prussia, Spain, and Italy issued orders for his arrest should he set foot on the soil of tho^ countries. Joseph, junior, however, was not taking any risks, and kept safely with in t'he limits of British jurisdiction. His father. Sir Joseph Cowen, wiio had little sympathy for his son's fondness for 'disre- putable foreigner.-,' was on two occasions arrested on tne Continent, the police mis taking him for his son. Joseph Cowen entered Parliament in 18T4 as Liberal mem ber for Newcastle, and soon became a marked figure in the House. His per sonality was not altogether a strong point with him. He was beloiv middle height, of a somirhat awkward gait, and had a pallid and in no way striking izce, except for t!ie brilliant lustre of the eyes. He was the most unconventional of men, de tCirted 'society,' and usually presented a slovenly indifference to his i-ersonal appeaiitnop, which sugiesicd 'affec tation. He generally wore black cloches a size or two too large for him, and what with slouch hat and his abstracted manner, Joseph Cowen hardly looked rhe mail he was=. But en the platform, once fairly started, he was capable of wielding on immense power orer r.n autiienre. Mr. Con-en had the true oratorical fire and m::de brilliant .-peches, remarkable for epigram and antithesis, grandeur of ima gery, highly wrought metaphor*, veSie mence, and rii-uness of language. He went to P.irliauien.t a supporter of Mr. Gladsior-eV iiolioy. Two elections, rolio.v irg close upon ench other, liovivvcr. pmvod too great a fU-.iin upnn his power** and he broke down iu health, and for over l»o vcars was quite unable to take part iu pub^ lie affairs. On. his return to tie Houce be quickly found himself in antaeoni-itn to his great leader, and from then till his. con- stituents got tired of it Mr. Cowen was as often fighting against his party as with it, and nobody could feel in the least sure whether he would not discover some good reason for thwarting and opposing Liberal measures or for supporting Tory ones. He was sometimes right in his opposition to his party and his leaders, but he al ways seemed to be better pleased to be scalping his friends than his foes, and as time went on, and he found himself oftener in. opposition to the party to which he nominally belonged, and proved him to be an impracticable politician, great dissatisfaction was engendered in his constituency. In 1880 Mr. Gladstone, notwithstanding Mr. Cowen's estrange ment from him, made a special appeal to the electors of Newcastle to work heartily for his return to Parliament again, and Mr. Cowen was returned as an independent Liberal; but a year later he threw up poli tics in disgust, and for the rest of his life concerned himself only wit5i local af fairs in Newcastle and district, where for many years he has done excellent service, and where his name will always be held in ?honor. Mr. Cowen was the proprietor of the 'Newcastle Chronicle,' which is to day one of the leading journals in the north of England. SARAH'S LITTLE MISTAKE. ' Tis a wise child that knows its own father,'' the proverb say::, but she is not a clever wife who doesn't know her own husband. Fifteen months ago Sarah Airey, some time of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, ob tained a decree nisi against her husband, or the man she declared to be her spouse. This was William Mark, whom she met in the street after her husband Francis Airey had left her .it the importunate so licitation of the police to spend three years in an establishment where board and lodg ing and washing are provided by the State. She called Mark by the name 'of tUe mis sing Airey. and he, after protesting that she was mistaken, entered into her humor and accepted the honor she thrust upon him, becoming to her as a husband. Then she got her decree nisi, and the question raised by the tjneen's Proctor was whether the citation was served on Mark or Airey. JIark swore that he wasn't Airey and never had been, and produced some pretty concrete evidence to establish hits conten tion. Airey Sarah — I mean Sarah Airey — swore that Mark was Airey, but her con viction was not shared by Sir Francis Jeune, who decided that Hark was not Airey and that Sarah was not therefore entitled to the luxury of a divorce. . So ended this curious comedy of errors. 