HOW ONE WINTER CAME. [The following is from the pen of Louis Frechette, the Poet Laureate of the French Canadians.] For weeks and weeks the autumn world stood still, Clothed in the shadow of a smoky haze, Tiu GolAa mmi At*aA ih» irind h»d last its will, And all the lands were' hushed by wood and hdl, In those gray, withered Says. Behind a mist tbe blear sun rose and set. At nignt the moon would nestle in a cloud, The fisherman, a ghost, did cast his net ; The lake its shores forgot to chafe and fret, And hushed its caverns loud. Farm the smoky woods the birds were mute, Save that from blackened tree a jay would scream, Or for in swamps the lizard's lonesome lute Would nine in thirst or bv some gnarled root, The tree-toad trilled his dream. From day to day still hushed the season's mood, The streams stayed in their runnels shrank and dry, Suns rose aghast by wave and shore and wood, And all tbe world with ominous silence stood In weird expectancy. - When'bne strange night the sun, like blood went down, Flooding the heavens in a ruddy hue. Red grew the lake, the sere fields parched and brown ; Red grew the marshes where the creeks stole down, But never a wind breath blew. That night I felt the winter in my veins, A joyous tremor of the icy glow. And woke to hear the north's wild vibrant strains, While far and wide by withered woods and plains, Fast feH tie driving snow. Tc be without faults is to be without friends.' Some people spend a. lot of their time looking for traps to walk into. It is easy enough to sav bright things ; the difficult part is to think of them. With the exception of ourselves no one ever does things as they should be done. The worst of climbing tbe ladder of fame is tbat bbe seat at the top is so insecure. None of us want to hurt anybody else's feelings ; but it sometimes seems necessary to our own peace of mind. Law is like a sieve : it is easy enough to see through it but one must be con siderably reduced before he gets through. There are many persons in the world who, by their own admission, are fitted to . adorn great stations in life ; but few, in deed, are they who are so conceited as to think they can worthily fill little ones.' They were speaking of the new-woman movement ' If a girl proposed to you.' she said, ' you wouldn't dare refuse her V ' If a girl had the nerve and the determina tion to make a proposal,' he replied, ' I wouldn't dare to marry her.' In view of tbe circumstances she decided to wait for him to speak first' An Irishman appeared at his work one day with his eyes blackened, bis clothing torn, and in a general used-up condition. ''Where have you beeni' he was asked. 'Sure,' he said, 'and 1 have been to a wedding.' ?* Vou mean you have- been to a wake V ** Xo it was a wedding. As I went in I met a man with a long tailed coat and a white uaist-coat and lavender trousers. * \Yh& are you?' says L ' I am the best man,' says be ; aid after events proved that be told the troth.' A West Washinpton young lady who has been married but a few weeks had her first experience at ** going to market ' the other day. After -she had succeeded in making several laughable blunders, as young wives arc apt to, she approached a poultry dealer and asked the price of chickens. Being told by the dealer, wbo also handed ber a fine pair of live birds to examine, she quieted their fluttering as best she could, and then, applying her nose to them and giving them an audible sniff sild, in the most iniiorent manner, ' Are you sure they are fresh, sir V 