®h* faming gnlbtm ROCKHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY, JÏXY 25, 11)00. AN UNHAPPY CHAMUEK. Thc Wernborn of thc Clumtier of Com- merce were a very unhappy body yester- day. They had made up their minds to go back upon their own resolution, to ral on their own unanimously-adopted policy, as Mr. Tumor accurately, if bluntly, expressed it, and they were evi- dently perfectly conscious that their in- genuity was quite unequal to supplying even a half decent excuse for what had been resolved on. The first matter was Mr. Hewett's speech at thc interview in Brisbane. It appears it was the President who asked Mr. Clewell to represent thc ("bamber.- It was a singularly unhappy choice for such a deputation, as Mr. Hewett, as bc candidly, confessed, had been already requested to act for thc Blackall people on the deputation. Thc Chamber had( deliberately placed tin Blackall linc iu thc second position, ano Mr. Hartley chose for its representative s gentleman wiio has been intimately identi lied with Blackall for many years, ano" could "hardly do otherwise than place iti claims before those of any other district Mr. Clcwett gave u long and laboured ex planation, in which he acknowledged thi dual position in which he attender the intervew, but said he wai careful not to compromise the Rockhamp ton Chamber in anything he said. Unfor lunately he did not make this clear to tin Premier, and he seems to have had sonn doubt himself as to whether he- had sue ?.ceded, for he told thc Chamber yesterday .? I felt at thc time that possibly my nctioi " would be taken exception to." Whicl was by no means to lie wondered at, sec ing bc was going right in thc teeth of lb declaration of the Chamber to the Prcmici " Wc place first on our list the south '* west extension." Mr. Clcwett. as the re prcsentativo of the Rockhampton Chambci was a decided failure at that députai ior but as the representative of the people c Blackall he was a conspicuous success, an doubtless bis joy over thc success far mot than outweighed his sorrow over th failure. But the. Chamber was not disposed t deal hardly with Mr. Clcwett because ll had gone in direct opposition to its di liberulely adopted policy, for it .had r solved to go back on that policy ilse] The awkward thing was that this polic had been reaffirmed for the fourth or fift time only a couple of months ago. Tw months ago the President moved the adoj lion of u railway policy which read, "\\\ " place first on our list 'the sout'h-westei " extension, which will afford railway fae "lilies to the residents of the far west wi "do not now enjoy these privileges, ai "second the branch linc to connect Blue] '.afl ««th thc Central Railway." Whe he made that motion 'Mr. Hartley r marked that it was unnecessary to discu it. "Thc whole question had been di " cussed over and over again, and the Coi " millee had made no departure from fe '" mer recommendations." Yesterday ' dung all these, former i eenmmondatio and that report ovcrbonod. and moved th Hie Blackall branch be placed first. 1" thi* remarkabJe right about fae-c he su plied not a ghost of a reason, except th it was well thal Rockhampton should ' as Blackall and Longreach desired. Not word was said nbmll'llip country which « to be served or the district which waa be opened up. Two months ago thc Cha: ber was anxious to " alford railway faci "lies to the residents of the far '«est w "do not now enjoy the'sc privilegesT1 Xi these unfortunate people were threftvn ov Xiiither Mr. Hartley nor anyone of t speakers ventured to allege that thc Blue all line will open ii]) an ai re' of new coi try. or ming ahonl any lietter form settlement that what is now existing on t e oiintry it will spi ve. Xor one of them scrtcd timi the Blackall line will bring shilling nf additional trade to Rot-khan ton. None of these things will ha pp The colony will not be laimfiled by t opening up of new country, nor will Hoi hampton be lioncfitcd by riwiviug any i dilional trade. This is so. notoriously li that none of thc speakers ventured tolo al Hurt aspect of thc matter. That 1 line will be a great e-ouveaiii'iiee to the p pie of Blackall goes -without saying ; II timi, the blocking of the seiiitb-west PXA sion will be a great rolief lo the people Longreach, who naturally do not desire lase tim advantages inseparable from ' terminal .town, also goes without -sayi Hui how will either thc settlement of CeiiHial Division or tile .trade of Rockhill lon be benefited llicrefoy ': Mr. Hartley remarked thal Rockhill ton bad lieen taunted in Hie past w phichig itself in Opposition lo the devel ment of tlic western country, lt luis, never did any Rockhampton body do I so nakedly and distinctly as Hie dram i of Commerce yesterday when it adop the resolution which Mr. Hartley mot That resolution will delight the towns ! Blackall and Longreach. But Blackall i i Longreach are not Wie western coun' and it. is to open up the western coun thal railways are built, not to benefit i town whether long settled or recent. W he addressed tire Premier only a month Mr. Hartley said, " Tile« Premier j " spoken of thc necessity of giving rail' " facilities to those itistricls wliie-h at " sent were out of reach of railways. 1 *' was a point which hhe ('hanmer had .' cognised to tho fullest extent, and . " sequenflly prit first on lits list of raüVn ¡ " aa extension south-weeterly frena Ii i ' combe or Dartmouth." Mark tha* *» " oontcqucmtlj*/* Boca usn jt would give facilities bj people now far distant from Hiern thc south-west extension was placed first. That was the Chamber «nd its Präsi- dent a montii ago. Because it would i please Mackel! and Longreach the south i west extension was dropped. That was the ¡ Chamber and its President yesterday. Which is thc worthier policy, which is thc ; policy liest fitted to open up and develop the country-the policy of a uionUi ago or thc resolution of yesterday! And which of the two is the policy best calculated to remove from Rockhampton the stigma that il has thwarted and blocked the develop ! mont of the western conuky* I The south-west extension nf the main j line would open up a Vast aim of new ' country, to thc benefit both of Dbe colony as a whole and of tikis town. This linc to j Blackall is a branch which' will lie a crm i veniente to those using it and nothing , more. It wus not protended yesterday that this branch would lie carried any farther, lt could only bo carried west or south. If it were «arried south to Ada- vale it would cut into thc trade of .Bris , banc, and wc all know how much chance I there Ls of Brisbane permitting that. And ns to carrying it west ts Jundah, even if j the railway were at Blackall to-morrow it ! would be shorter to build a line to Jundah I from Longreach than from Blackall. Going from Jericho via Blackall, Jundah cannot be reached in much under 250 miles. How long will these unfortunate scullers.on thc lower Thomson have to wait for railway facilities if their only 'hope is Ult building of a line 250 miles long! Extend the main line south-woMt dowr thc Thomson and not only will Jundah bi reached in about 130 miles, but every mill of this will be of service lo thc scttlcn on the Thomson as it is built. Build a lim from Jericho to Jundah and not onlj will it have to bc about 250 miles long, hui it will not be of the slightest advanlagi to the jioople down the river until <)uit< 150 miles have been built. Until then the; would still have to send their produce am receive their goods through Longreach Well might Longreach assure the Chambc that it very greatly preferred that tlc extension should go through Jericho. Thi shortsightedness of the resolution was con fessed by Mr. Bertram, eve» while hi seconded it, for he acknowledged that fo prospective advantage the south-west ex tension was the better, but for present ud vantage he thought Blackall. Mr. Ber tram's idea of developing the Central Divi sion and helping on the town of Kockhamp ton is to sacrifice a great pwinancnt goo« for a small immediate benefit, Townsville thought very differently when she de clined the extension to Richmond until sh secured tho Winton line. But, as Mr. Mac farlane acknowledged yesterday, the Cham ber of Commerce is not au elective body, i represents no one but its own members, an it remains to be seen what weight thc Gc vermuent will attach to a resolution s distinctly opposed to its own policy c opening up hy railways thone districts c the colony whose progress is impossihl until they receive railway communies lion. 