the magic cameo; i ob, Clifford Faxton's Mascot. By Mbs G. Sheldon otiwreua of "The Maaked Bridal, " The Little Marplot," &e.;) CHAPTER XXVII. mollie's midnight adventdbe For a moment Mollio was simply analysed with fear; she could neither wove hand nor foot, which perhaps ffas the very best thing that could lisinnened under the circum- stances. But. her mind worked with the rapidity of lightning and to some could distinctly hear the move ments of some one about the room, stealthy and cautious as the invader tried to be, and once she plainly saw the outline of a man' as the figure 'passed between her vision and a win- was sure that a burglar had en tered the house — 6onie one who, doubt less had Iearnod or M. Lamonti's ab- 6euce and had taken advantage of it to como and help himself to what Taluablcs ho could find. Then a shock of dismay and fear set all her nerves tingling as she re membered the safe; but this was al most immediately succeeded by a great calm, a grim determination taking possession of her, and plans to carry it out quickly forming in her active brain. Very cautiously she reached out her right hand and secured the revolver that lay on the stand beside her. Her touch was so light that, as she timed her act just as the burglar stooped to examine the safe, not a sound was distinguishable. Slipping it under the bed clothing she softiy removed it from the box. Tho next moment it was cocked and sho drew a deep, silent breath of re lief as she realised that she could now control ' tho situation about as she pleased. Her next act was to reach out again and feel for a cluster of three electric buttons, which had been placed in the wall close beside the bed. One of these controlled a wire com municating with the nearest police sta tion, and had been put there for just such an emergency as the present. Another was connected with tne elec tric apparatus for lighting the house, and the third governed the lock of the Iront door. Similar buttons were in every room of the main portion of the house, and M- Lamonti had explained their opera tion to Mollio several weeks previous during one of her visits, and they were grouped in the foim of a triangle; two were side by side, and the - tnird be tween and above them. It was the upper button which Mol- lie had touched. Theu sho lay quietly Hstening for several minutes, while the other occu- paut, liaviug produced a tiny dark lan tern, continued his investigations at the safe. All at once, in tho distance, she caught the sound of hoofs and wheels, and knew that help was coming to her. Sho now touched the button control ling the front door. a moment later she lightly pressed tho third button, and instantly the apartment was Hooded with light, as was also the hall outside. With a startled oath the burglar sprang to his feet and, turning, found himself con fronted by the loveliest vision he had over seen in his Hfe, as he afterward told a pal in prison, and a "dandy barker" that was cocked and aimed straight at his heart. Mollis had snrnnc to a sittincr uos- turo- alter touching the third button and was prepared for duty. Her face was pale as marble, hut there was a determined Hght in the blue eyes which warned the invader that she was braced for instant ac- tibn, while his experienced eye imme diately grasped the fact that she knew how to manipulate ' the weapon she held and that her hand was as steady as if she were' holding simply a glass of water. Hut the man was a desperate and powerful fellow, and he did not mean to be beaten at his game " by any slip of a girl like that," and so determined to make a bluff to attain his object aud watch his chance to disarm her. 'The house was perfectly still and ho was confident t-hat no one else in u had been aroused, and he fondly imagined lie could easily intimidate his fair captor, for lie had not the slightest suspicion that she had any way of summoning assistance from out side. "You'd better put down that barker, Miss, if you don't want to get into trouble," he commanded, in a gruff, though subdued voice, for he had no desire to arouse anyone else. "I don't ever like to hurt a lady, and I'd be 'specially loth to do violence to such a pretty girl as you are." Mollie's eyes flashed indignant fire at lus familiar language and obnoxious compliment. "Silence!" she cried, in a clear, in cisive tone, and her faultless elocution 6orved her to some purpose now, for it made her every word tell effectively. No! — don't you dare to attempt to gob out your revolver if you have one," she continued, as she saw his right baud creeping toward one of his poc- kots. " That is right," as he instantly dropped it again to his side. "Obey 3uo and you will not be hurt. Show tho slightest disposition to disobey me and. I will not hesitate to let you have tuo contents of one of these chambers, mid 1 shall not miss you, either. Now sit down in that rocking chair near you and put your hands upon the arms." Rut tho man did hesitate to obey this command and glanced nervously toward the door, which he had left open when he entered the room, as if contemplating a bold dash for free-' uom. Then he suddenly changed his tomd, as the smaU hand which held that costly revolver was slightly raised as n to take a truer aim, and with an- ?£ller ath he obediently dropped into tho chair which Mollie had indicated, theu added iu a tone of mingled wrath mil admiration: "Well, for a girl of your years, you're toe. coolest specimen I've ever seen." Yes, I know something about fire- as- I had considerable practice shooting at a target in a gallery in jaris a couple of years ago," remarked toe intrepid girl, with deliberate dis tinctness. Her captive cringed visibly at her ' an(> observing it, she realised that he was at heart a coward in Bpite h 11 i. Profession and his attempt to "fy her> and her courage rose in pro portion. Just then she heard a vehicle outside slaoken speed and stop before the house. The burglar also caught fue sounds and an anxious look snot into his eyes. What's that?" he demanded ebly ; _ " the boss coming home?" AO; Monsieur Lamonti will not re turn until to-morrow, or until this afternoon, I should have said," Mollie composedly remarked. Then she added witii a gleam of triumph in her blue eyes: T l 8111 Pccting some friends whom a nave summoned to aid me in this ridDCy ' oubtless they have ar- . "JRe oops!" cried the burglar in a startled tone. > "Yes." on earth did yon manage that? he questioned breathlessly. "Ah! "—as his practised eye swiftly swept the walls and finally rested on the group of electric buttons — "the house is wired for it." "Yu, ace right, and it is an ex ceedingly convenient arrangement," drily responded the girl. "Thunder and lightning! I swear I won t sit here to be caught like a rat m a trap," snarled her companion, as he y started wildly to his feet and glanced around him for some way of escape. # "Sit- down!" and the deadly thing in Mollie's hand was again raised menacingly, while footfalls were now plainly heard ascending the steps lead ing to the entrance to the house. The man dropped with a quick, in drawn breath, as his eye feU upon the white, slim finornr tliof. vActnvl ."L _ trigger of "the revolver. Then, a sudden thought struck him and he breathed more freely. "But they can't get in," he observed with a chuckle of exultation, for he told himself that if she was obliged to get up to admit the policemen he would have an opportunity to make a bolt for the nearest window, and have a fair chance to escape by means of a balcony which could be plainly discerned outside. " You are mistaken, sir," his fair captor repUed, "for when I touched the button that governs the communi cation with the station house I also pressed another that unlocks the front door. AUow me to say for the infor mation of any of your friends who may be followers of your profession, in case you should have an opportunity to communicate with them, that aimcst every room in the house is wired m the same way." "HeH and furies!" groaned the un fortunate victim, and actuaUy writhing in his chair, for at that moment steps and voices were heard in the haU he- low, and he knew that he was inex tricably " bagged." Involuntarily he | clapped his hand to his pistol pocket. "Sit still!" commanded the brave girl, and she leaned forward, her eyes blazing like two points of flame. "An other movement and I fire." He knew she would, for there was a relentless purpose in her watchful gaze, and he settled back limp and white to await the inevitable. With her glance never for an instant wavering from the form in the rocker, MoUie called out in clarion tones: "Come right upstairs, Air. Officer, and you wiU find what you are looking for." A moment later two policemen en- teied the room aSd took in the situa tion at a glanoe. In a trice they had their prize — whom they instantly recognised as a man they had long been trying to rim down — disarmed and safely handcuffed, he offering no resistance. Then they turned their attention to the heroic girl upon the bed. But the felt little Eke a heroine at that mo ment. She had dropped her weapon tne in stant the officers appeared upon the scene, too weak and spent to hold it longer, and now lay white and panting upon her pillows, consciousness almost forsaking her now that the reaction had come. Almost simultaneously Nannette rushed into the room, her eyes wide and staring with fear upon beholding three strange men in the place, while she tremulously inquired if the house was on fire. "No, no," one of tho policemen re plied reassuringly, "everything is all right now; but you'd better get the young lady a glass of wine or some thing. Did he attempt to do you any harm, Miss?" he respectfully inquired, bending a pitiful look upon Mollie. " No. lio ilirl not. linvo anv nnnnr- tuuity," she panted, a ghost of a smile curving her white lips as she signifi cantly touched the revolver that lay beside her. "I see," said the man with a satis fied nod, "and you are a downright plucky girl! There, drink some thing, and then you shall tell .us all about the affair," he concluded as Nan nette approached with a glass of port wine which she had taken from a small cabinet which M. Lamonti had in his room. There was a tall Oriental screen be fore the fireplace, and the men placed this between the bed and their pri soner, then retired behind it them selves to give the exhausted girl time to recover herself. Mollie sipped a little of the wine and soon found her strength returning, and with it and the friendly presence of Nannette, much of her habitual self- possession. "Nannette, pray, get me a shawl or dressing gown — anything to make me more presentable before those men," sho whispered to the girl as she glanced down, with a flush of confu sion, at her night robe, although until that moment she had not given a thought to her appearance. The maid whisked into her own' room and returned almost immediately with a pretty wrapper of her own, and into which she deftly assisted Mollie, who, after twisting up her hair, which had become disarranged when she sprang up to confront the burglar, then signi fied her readiness to talk with the offi cers, while she seated herself in a chair outside the screen and motioned Nan nette to another near her. She briefly related what had oc curred from the moment when she had heard the clock strike two until the appearance of the officers, which, al though it has taken >so long to relate it, had occupied less than twenty mi nutes. Her language was simple and unas suming, but the story produced a marked impression- upon her hearers. Nannette became greatly . excited during the recital, but protested that she had not heard a sound until Miss Heatherford called out to the officers to come upstairs, when, she hurriedly threw on her robe and came to her, fearing that she might he iH or the house afire. The police regarded the fair narrator with undisguised wonder and admira tion, as she told how she had softly taken possession . of the revolver and cocked it beneath the bed-clothing be fore turning on the lights. " It was a mighty plucky thing to do," one of them remarked, "and, Mite Heatherford, you deserve to have your praises sounded from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast for such a deed of courage." "Oh! I beg that my. name may he kept out of the newspapers!" MoUie exclaimed in sudden dismay. "I do not want to become notorious, and I sincerely hope that I shall not . have to testify against this man at a public trial." „ The officers saw that she was greatly distressed in view of such a possibility, and their sympathies were with her. "Well, Miss, I can't say for certain about that. I reckon you'll have tp appear and give evidence; - but perhaps a private examination can be arranged, and if the reporters don't get hold of it you'll he all right. Fm sure I, for one, would be glad to oblige a lady who has shown more grit than many a man would have dime in such a tight place," one of the men observed in the most respectful manner. " And Fm with you," said the other . heartily. "Thank yon very much." Mollie re plied gratefully and with that rare 6mile of hers which made everyone de light to serve her. "Are you timid, Miss Heatherford?".. the one who appeared to be the supe rior officer inquired. "Would you like one of us to stay In the house or about the place for the remainder of the night?" "Oh, no— thank you. I am sure that will not be necessary, for we shall not be likely to have this experience re peated to-night. We will open the door connecting with the servants' hall, and I shall feel perfectly safe," "Very well; then we may as well be getting our gaolbird into his cage. But upon second thought," the man added, as he caught sight of Nan nette' s shiver of terror and saw that Mollie was st-il very pale, "I think when I get him aboard the patrol wag gon I will leave Brown here to watch about until daylight; maybe it wiU make you a little easier in your mind." MoUie smiled gratefully into his honest face. "Thank you," she said heartily, and with a sudden sense of relief which con vinced her that she had overestimated her feeling of security; "perhaps you are right, and I think, on the whole, we may rest better to know that wo are guarded." " Come, sir," said the officer, turn ing to the burglar, who had not once spoken, except to Gurse when the hand- feuffts were slipped upon his wrists, "we must be moving." Then with a respectful good night to the two girls the officers led him away, and three minutes later Mollie heard the patrol waggon drive away and heaved a long sigh of thankfulness that the horrible experience was over, and with no loss of valuables to her good friend M. Lamonti. Nannette, who had been watching the departure from a window, informed her that Officer Brown had been left behind, and was slowly pacing the side walk before the house. This arrangement was so reassuring to both girls that they immediately retired with a sense of perfect secu rity, and were soon sleeping as soundly and restfully as if they had not been disturbed. CHAPTER XXVIH. the temples appeab upon the scene. It was after eight o'clock when Mollie finally awoke again, and feeling, some what to her surprise, not one whit the worse for her exciting adventure during the small hours of the morning. After making her toilet she sought Nannette, who was dressing Lucille, and they both agreed not to speak of what had occurred before the servants — at any rate, until after Mr. Lamonti's return. Lucille was even better than she had been yesterday, and after they had had their breakfast, Mollie thought, as the day was very, fine, it would do her good to go for a drive. The carriage was accordingly ordered, and the three — for Lucille never went anywhere without her maid, except on rare occasions with her grandfather — were soon roUing down Pennsylvania avenue, thence to Mollie's home to as certain how Air. Heatherford had passed the night, after which the coachman was told to drive out toward Arlington Heights. They had a lovely ride out and rested awhile in the venerable mansion which has become so famous in history, at the same time examining some of the curi ous and interesting things which are gathered there, then started on their homeward way. They were just passing the boundary of what was once known as the "old Lee estate," when they met another carriage entering the beautiful grounds. This vehicle contained four people, and they were none other than Air. and Mrs. William Temple, with their daugh ter Minnie, and Phillip Wentworth. This quartette manifested no little astonishment upon beholding Alollio, sitting like a fair young princess in her fine equipage, and she experienced a little, secret amusement as sho encoun tered their wondering gaze. Air. and Airs. Temple bowed politely, but with marked formality. Alinnie waved her hand, with a smile of plea sure, at her old friend, of whom she had been very fond, while Phillip re moved his hat with elaborate courtesy, his eye3 beaming with admiration as he looked into Mollie's fair face and rear Used that she was even lovelier than when he had seen her last in Boston, a year and a half previous, and instantly all his oldtime passion for her revived. Alollie returned these greetings \cour- teously and with the utmost self-pos session; but her eyes were very bright and the colour in her cheeks gleamed like scarlet poppies for a moment. Then the carriages passed and were parted without a word having been spoken, although Minnie had been upon the point of bursting out in her childish eagerness with some expression of greet ing ; but her mother hushed her with a single low-spoken word. Afollie's heart burned within her with mingled scorn and indignation, in view of this coldness, for she well remem bered the days when the whole family had been most gracious in their manner toward her — had even fawned upon her and spared no effort to cultivate her society. She was stung anew, too, with the memory of the unpardonable outrage perpetrated against her father during their last visit with the Temples; while, even though she had long known that she had never loved and could never love and would never marry him under any circumstances, Phiillip's peculiar at titude toward her filled her with a secret contempt for him. ""Why! how strange that we should have met Mollie Heatherford, and what an elegant turnout that is in which she is riding!" Mrs. Temple observed to her husband after the encounter, while she turned and peered out of the rear win dow of their own carriage for another glimpse of M. Lamonti's fine coach with its liveried coachman and footman. "It certainly is," Mr. Temple re plied, "Those were magnificent horses, and everything about the affair indi cated lavish expenditure. I don't quite understand the condition of things," he concluded reflectively. "Mollie was richly dressed, too, and looked, as she always had a way of look ing — she has grown handsomer than ever," his wife pursued. "Did you notice the child and its nurse who were with her?" she wont on, as if some startling thought had occurred to her. "Do you suppose the girl has married some rich widower and is queening it here in Washington society?" Phillip gave a violent start as his mother propounded this solution to the problem that was puzzling them all, and jealously regretting— as fickle human nature is prone to do when another shows appreciation of a discarded fa vourite — what he fondly imagined might have been his if he had chosen to press his suit. "I have heard nothing of it if she has," said Mr. Temple, and looking not altogether comfortable in view of finding the Heatherfords again on an equal foot ing with himself. "The last I knew, Mr. Heatherford has secured a position here with a fair salary, and they were living comfortably, but in a very humble way compared with their former cir cumstances. I will make some inquiries to-morrow and ascertain, if possible, just how they are situated." Phillip did not join in- the conversa tion hat he secretly resolved that he would himself ascertain the truth about Mollie that very day. He would seek her in the location to whioh he had al ways addressed his letters, as long as he had written her, and if he failed to find her there be would search the city over for her. Neither Mr. Temple nor his mother had known of his correspondence with her, and the latter had flattered herself I that she had been very tactful in managing to break up certain "foolish relations between tne two thst were liable to prove very awkward. , The family -had been in Washington only a few days, and, although Philip had thought of Mollie in an indifferent kind of way, he had not felt any special interest to look her up. Now, however tho sight of her radiant beauty, to gether with her cool and dignified hear ing and the fear that possibly she had dared to marry another, while he as sumed to have a claim — however inde finite — upon her, fired anew his oldtime love for her and aroused a fierce jea lousy within him. Accordingly, after he had lunched, he immediately set forth upon his quest for her, .going directly to the address where his letters had been sent. Eliza, of course, answered his ring, hut informed him that her young mis tress was not at home — that, however, she would probably return that evening. He then inquired for Mr. Heatherford and was told, with a non-commital air, that he was "comfortable." "Has he been iU?" questioned Phillip, with some surprise. Yes, sah ; Massa Heatherford have been bery ill," Eliza quietly returned, hut without volunteering any informa tion regarding the nature of that gentle man's malady, while she eyed Phillip curiously, not half Hking his looks nor his arrogant hearing. The young man, however, went away, smoothing his ruffled plumage with no little satisfaction. Mollie was not married after all ; pro bably, he assumed, she was simply a day governess in some wealthy family, and that would account for her being out for a drive with the child and its nurse in the elegant carriage he had seen that morning. He returned to his hotel quite elated and promising himself that he would resume his old relations — to a certain extent — with Mollie and thus help to pass some otherwise dull hours during his sojourn in the city. In spite of the secrecy which Alollie had desired to preserve regarding her exiciting adventure of the previous night, the evening papers contained a thrilling account of a bold attempt at robbery, and how it had been thwarted by the remarkable heroism of a young lady, who had held the would-be burglar paralysed ah the muzzle of a revolver until the police were summoned to her aid and captured the criminal. The name of the gentleman whose residence had been entered was given; but Mollie's name was considerately withheld. She was simply designated as M. Lamonti's private secretary, who had been spending a couple of days in the house as chaperone for the gentleman's little granddaughter during his absence on a business trip to New York. AI. Lamonti returned, as he had planned, that same evening, and was greatly exercised in view of what had oc curred. " Aiadamoiselle has shown herself very brave," he said, after having freely dis cussed the matter and regarding her ad miringly, "but I tremble when I think of the danger that threatened her. And there was much, of value in the safe, too — a large sum of money, besides many valuable jewels. Ah! but you have been my good angel many times, Aiadamoiselle," ho concluded in a grate ful tone. He opened the safe and showed her the jewels, and, though she had seen many costly articles of jewellery, she was almost dazzled by the beauty and value of the collection before her. "We will not keep them here any longer," said M. Lamonti, as he re turned them to their places. "I could not bear to send them away because my dear ones had worn them," he added with a regretful sigh, " but no ono must ever be subjected again to such peril as threatened you last night." And the following morning he de posited his treasure in a safety vault, where no burglar would attempt to seek them. Shortly after AI. Lamonti's arrival Alollie was sent homo in his carriage, that gentleman slipping into her hands a box containing a dozen pairs of elegant kid gloves, as she left. "It is nothing," he said with a de precatory shrug in reply to lier thanks ; "it was only to give myself the plea sure of buying sometliing»for some one." Eliza welcomed her young mistress with a beaming face when she appeared, and she found that her father had re ceived excellent care during her ab sence; but she had not been in the house half an hour/ when Phillip Went worth again made his appearance. Alollie received him courteously, though somewhat coldly; hut he ignored her lack of cordiality, and, catching both her hands in his, fervently ex claimed : "At last! Mollie, we meet again! It has seemed an age since I saw you in Boston. Did your servant tell you of my caU directly after lunch ?" " Yes; Eliza gave me your card on my return. I have been away spending a couple of days with some friends," Mollie quietly explained, as she released her hands and indicated a chair for him, then seated herself upon a small sofa near him. " Perhaps you will think me very per sistent and impatient to make two calls in one day," Phillip observed apologeti cally, and feeling a trifle disconcerted by the fair girl's perfect composure;. " hut I have been wild to learn why you ceased writing to me so suddenly — I have not heard from you for the longest while!" Mollie lifted a look of surprise to him. "I think you have transposed the situation," she said, a faint smile curv ing her lips. "I have answered every letter that I have received from yon." "Ah! then I have wronged you; for give me! And my last letter must have miscarried, for when I did not hear from you I began to wonder if it could have contained anything to offend yon," Phillip returned, hut he flushed be neath the clear, searching eyes looking steadily into his, as he uttered the lie. Then unceremoniously waiving the un comfortable topic, he added with anima tion : "But tell me something about your self now, Mollie. I do not need to ask if you are well, for your blooming ap pearance speaks for itself; but how is your father, and what have you been doing to amuse yourself during all these long months?" Again that faint smile wreathed Mollie's lips and there was a suspicion of irony in it, for his question was sug gestive of the tenor of his own way of passing his time. " ' To amnse myself,' " she repeated in a peculiar tone.- "I really have had very little time to devote to amusement of any kindRuring the last year and a half. For the first -few months I was busy keeping house for papa, for we were trying to be economical and kept no servant. Then he was taken ill." "Yes I remember you wrote, me at one time that he was ill," Phillip in terposed, " but I supposed that he had recovered long ago." "My father is a hopeless invalids the physicians tell me that he will never bevany better." said Mollie sadly. " Can that be possible P" queried her companion, and trying to throw a pro per. amount of sympathy into his tone, htitlfpcretly wondering how they man aged to keep the wolf from the door. "Of course, when his health gave out he lost his situation and his income stopped," MoUie gravelyresumed, " and I was obliged to seek some employment; I have a position as private secretary to Monsieur Lamonti, a .French gentle- man of some prominence here in Wash ington—possibly you may have heard of him." "Ah! yes, I have," said Phillip with elevated eyebrows, for the wealthy Frenchman - had keen pointed out to him, and now he -understood how MoUie had happened to he riding in that ele gant turnout that morning. Then he added : " I am sorry to leora that Air. Heatherford's case is so serious." "Yes, Papa. has failed sadly he sel dom recognises even me now, while his hands have become so useless that he has to be fed like a child," MoUie re turned with starting tears. "That must make it very hard for you, dear," Phillip responded with a tender inflection ; " you must find it very irksome, reared as you have been, to confine yourself to a position and the care of an invalid." "I do not-," she returned brightly, though she straightened herself a trifle and flushed at his term of endearment.. " I thoroughly enjoy my position, and if papa could only be weU once more, I should feel perfectly happy with my work and the consciousness that I am really of some practical use in the world." She looked so proud and animated and bore herself with such an air - of dignity and self-reliance that the young man told himself she was a hundredfold more lovely and attractive than she had ever been. But, at the same time, there was an unmistakable atmosphere about her that held him at arm's length and made him feel as . if she had drifted so far apart from him as to have put him entirely out of her life. The very thought enraged him, and an insatiate desire to conquer these condi tions, and make himself necessary to her happiness took possession of him. He flushed hotly as he suddenly bent nearer to her. "MoUie, I cannot hear to know that you are working for wages," he said, passionately. MolUe laughed out musicaUy, al though she drew herself away from him with an unmistakable chill in her manner., "Pray do not be disturbed," she said lightly, "for I assure you that I enjoy my 'wages,' as you term them, im mensely." "But the humiliation of it," he per sisted hotly; "to think of it!— you, who. are fit to queen it anywhere, be coming the servant of any one!" " I have no sense of humiliation, Phillip. I frankly protest that I never in my life experienced a more com forting sense of self- respect than at the . present time," MoUie spiritedly rejoined, and with a warning sparkle in her eyes. "But there is no need for it," he in sisted. " There is every ' need," she briefly but gravely replied. "No, no, "Mollie; surely you have not forgotten the old days," he broke forth vehemently; "yon cannot have forgotteii the question which I asked you a year and a half ago, and which you have never answered. Need I teU you thnt I still love you with all my heart ?— that I yearn for you, in spite of the little misunderstanding and in terruption to our correspondence ? Alollie, dearest, give up this position; let me provide for you hereafter— let me stand bet-ween you and the neces sity for toil; give yourself to me — you shall have every wish gratified and I will become your protector and— your slave." (To be continued.) 