(By IRICHIAD flfARSII). CIIAPTERI Il.-(Coantinued.) "At last the little thing went wrong. It always was smalIl; it never seemed to grow-exceplt thin.It was tlhe queer est loking littlle mite, with a? serious face like a par:in's, and great big eyes which evlnwi l Io go right through you, as if it w.- loo:intg at something which niobody but itself could sec. He would ihave it. that it got, worse and worse, but he was always making a fool of the child. The doctor came and came, but I was pretty often out, and when I wasn't 1 didn't always choose to see hitn, so I only heard what he cared to tell me-sand I didn't believe the half of that. "One night I wen.t to a masked ball with 'Mrs. utiton--she was a larky one, she was, and li.d her husband a, pretty dance. It wais latish when I came back; I hadn't enjoyed myself one bit, :and left in a tetnper and came off home Tys myeiel'. I let myself in at. the front, door, and when I came into this room, on tihe table juste here"-she pointed vwill her finger-"there was a pillo\\\, and on the pillow was the baby, and he was 'ineeling on the floor in front, his ellbo\s on the table, and his face on his handjnds d the tears streaming down his cheeks as if they'd never stop. I'd been to the ball as a ballet girl--ti nhli he hadn't known it, and I hailn'tL m0eant that he. should, buLt the sight took me so aback tlhat. with out tlhinking. I idropped my cloak and stood before hiim just, as I wat. 'What's the matter now?' I cried: 'what's the 'hildi down here at this time of the night for?' I expected that lihe'd let, fly t mce, and perhaps send me packing out of the house right there and then. But, instead, lie just glanced mny way as if lie hardly saw usme. or w\anted to, and said, 'Baby's dying.' When he said tihat, it wad as if he had run sotmetthing right into my heart. 'Dying,' I cried. 'stufl!' I ran to the table and bent over the pillow. I hdrl n\ever se?en anybody dying be fore, and knew nothing at all about it. but directly I looked at it, I seemed to know that what lie said was true. and that the child was dying. My heart stopped lbe:iing-l couldn't breathe, I couldn't speak, I coultn't move, I could onlystare like a creature whollad lost her wits-it was as if a hand had been stretched right out of Heaven to strike .me a blow. 'llhere he was on o--ne side of the table-and there was me leaning right over the other, both of us motionless, neitlher of us speak ing a word; and there was the baby lying on the pillow between us, stiller than we were. 11ow long we stopped like that I don't know; it seemed to me as if it was hours-but I daresay it was only a few miinutes. All at once ttle baby--my baby-gave a little move ment with its little arms-a sort of trembling. lHe moved his arm, and putn one of.his fingers into its tiny! hand; the baby seemed to fasten on to it. 'Give it one of your fingers,' he said, sobbing as if his heart would break. 'It'll like to feel your finger as it goes!' Ialrdly knowing what I was doing, I stretched out one of my fingers; it was the first finger of my right hand-this one." She held up .casni?;-?- in question in its ragged wee hand. It toouK' ?-?+ .in the mite's It closed its fingers right rounts i .;0 gave it quite a squeeze--yes, quite a squeeze. Then it loosened its hold. It was dead. Dead upon the pillow. And it's "lhere now. Can't you see it lying on the pillow, with a. smile on its face? a smile! C;an't you see the ghost.?" Stooping, the womaui ,made pretence to' kiss the lips of some one who was lying just beneath her. It might have been that to her the thing wsas no pre tene?, and that, as in a vision, the dead lips did indeed touch hers. Then, draswing herself erect again, lhe broke into another of her discordant laughs. Throwing out her arms on either side cf her, sshe exclaimed in strident tones: "Ghosts! Ghosts! The place is full of 'tihrns-I see them everywherg. I touch them, hear them all the time. They've been with me all through the years, wherever I've been-and where lhaven't I been? 'My God-in heaven and hell! crowds and crowds of them, more and mlore as the years went on. And do you think thait I can't see thein here-in their house, and mine! Can't you see them too?" . ?ladge replied between set. lips-she had been forming her own conclusions Tihile the woman raved: ."No, I do not see them. Nor would you were you not ulnder the influence of drinkl." The. voman stared at her in what seemed genuine surprise. "Under the influence of drink! DMe? No such luck! I wish I were." Again she gave one of those bursts of laugh ter which so jarred on Madge's nerves. '-.When I'm drunk I can't see ghosts it's only wheil I'm sober.. I've had no thing to eat since I don't know when, let alone drink. I'm starving, starr .ing! Thai's the time when I see ghosts. They point; at me with their fingers and say, 'Look at us and look at you-this is what it's come to!' They makne nme see what might have been. ` Ile made me come to-day; r didn't want I.t . but he made me. And now he's in all the house.--Listen! He's getting out of .bed in the room upstairs-that's his bedroom. Can't you hear his tlam foot moving about the floor? Ilow often I've thrown that lame foot in his face when I've been i'ild!-can'l you hear it; hobble hobble?" "You alre mad! flow dare you talk such nonsense? There's no one in the house but you and 1." The woman seemed to believe so im plicitly in the diseased imaginings of lies conscience-haunted brain, that Madge felt. that. unless she made a reso lute effort her own mental equilibrium imight totter. On the other's face there came a look of shrewd, malig-ant cunning. %'t there! That's all you know, tUel you .e Imad than you are. And I ±_,W's in thle 1o's not tme only. thing 100 .glelsc as well. 11 . und now 's lnine. And don't you .a'nd now rob you o.-,k ti,-ob "Yes',"? ir b "h?i'r tt$ is after it as well a o .3,o-I -knxmwl .F I'm not the g. . lxon t5imateasomnmimthink. But I woon't be robbed by all the lot of you you make no error. It was his, and now it's mine." "If there really is anything in the house to which you have the slightest s;hadow of a claim, which I very much doubt, andl let net' know what it is, arid where it is, I'll see that, you have it without fail." A look of vacancy came on the wo man's face. She lpassed her hand across her brow. "That's it-I don't know just where it is. lie conimes and tells mtie, almost, tut, never quite. lie says it's in the hou:ve, but he doesn't say exactly where. But he never lies-so I do know it's in the ouse. andti I won't be robbed." "1 have not the slightest idea of what you mean-if you really do mean any thing at all. I don't. know if you know Ime-or are under tie impression thatI know you; if so, I can only assure you that I don't. I have not the faintest notion who you are." The woman, drawing nearer. clutch ed lMadge's arm with both her hands. "lDoln't you know who I anm? I'm the ghost's wife!" HIer mainer was not only exceed ingly inpleasant; it was. in a sense. tunetauny-so utncanny that, in spite of herself, Madge could not help a start led look coming into her face. The ap pearance of this look seemed to amuse her lormentor. She broke into a con tinuous peal of uinlmelodious laughter. "I'mi the ghost's wife!" she kept re peating. "I'm the ghost's wife." Mnadge Trodie prided herself on her strength -of nerve, and ais, a rule, not without cause. But. on tlltLt occasion. aImost for the first, time in her life it played her false. She would have been glad to have been able to scream and flee; but she was incapable even of doing that. The other seemed to hold her spellbound; she was conscious that her senses were reeling-that, unless somnething happened soon, she would faint. But from that final degradation she was saved. "Madge," exclaimed a voice, "who is this woman?" It was Ella Duncan, and with her was Jack Martyn. At the sound of the voice, the woman released her hold. Never before had Madge been sensible of such a spasm of relief. She rushed to Ella. with. a hysterical sob. "Oh, Ella!" she cried, "how thankful I amn youl've come." Ella looked at her with surprise. "Madge!-- who if this woman?" The woman in question spoke for hierself. She threw up her arms. "I'm the ghost's wife!" she shrieked, "I'm the ghost's wife!" Before they had suspected her pur pose, or could say anything to stop her. she had rushed out of the room and from the hlouse. CIHAPTER III. TWO LONE, LORN YOUNG WOMEN. Ella and Jack eyed each other. Madge took refuge in a chair, con scious of a. feeling of irritation at her weakness now that the provocation had passed. Ella regarded her curiously. "What's the matter with you, 5adge? What's happened?" "It's nothing-only that horrible wo man has upset me." "Who is she? and what's she been doing? and what's she want?" "I don't know who she is, or what she wants or anything at all about her. I only know' tba.t. _he'o-=- ca. "Tiat's all rigthf-we've got some thing. haven't we, Jack?" Jack waved a. parcel. "But whatever did you let such an extraordinary-looking crea ture into the house for? and whatever did she mean by screaming out that she's a ghost's wife? Is sihe very mad?" "I think she is-and I didn't let her in." Then, while they were preparing tea, the tale was told, or at least a part of it. uint even that part was enough to make Jack Martyna grave. As the tell ing proceeded, ihe grew graver and gra' ver, until, at the end, he wore a face of portentous gloom. When they seated themselves to the meal he made pre cisely the same, remark which they had expected lhim to make. He rested his hands on his knees, and he solemnly shook his head. "This comes of your being alone in the house!" Ella laughed.. "There! now you've started him on his own particular crotchet; he'll never let you hear the last of this." Jack went on. "I've said before, and I say again, and I shall keep on saying, that you two girls ought not to live alone by' yourselves in a house in this out-of-the way corner of the world." "Out-of-the-way corner of the world! -on W?andswortlh Common!"i "For all practical intents and pur poses you might as well be in the niiddle of the Desert of Sahara; you might shriek and shriek and I doubt if any one would hear you. This agreeaible visitor of Mfadge's might, have cut her throat from ear to ear, or chopped her into mincemeat, and she would have been as incapable f' sum moning assistance as if she had been at the top of Mont Blanc." "That's it, l.ack-pile it on!" "l don't, think it's fair of you to talk like that, Ella; I'm not 9iling it on; I'm just speaking tfhe plain and simple truth. Hlonestly, Madge, when you've been alone in the house all day long, haven't you felt that you were at the mercy of the first evil-disposed person who chose to come along; or, if you haven't felt it before, don't you think you'll feel it now?"' "No-to both your questions." "Supposing this woman comes back again to-morrow?" Madge had to bite her lip to repress a shudder; the idea was not a pleasant i one. . "She won't come back." "But suppose she does?-and from .vhat you say I think it very probable that she will; if not to-morrow, then the day after." "If she comes the day after to-mor Sshe'll find me out; I shall be out re's a confession! It's only be c:ause y's know that you will ~e out tant you' ..able to face the prospect, thinof the titled to infer any Iglla interposed, Feiin tha t "' . aherthbl y the !nan.? "ersmtenee. i "Don't do quite so much supposing, Jack; let me do a little for a change. Suppose we live in one of those llats in the charming neighbourhood of Chan cerly Lane of Bloomsbury, after which -vioi(riously--your soul so hankers, how munc better oif should we be there?" "you woud, at any rate, be within the reach of assistance." "No mnOle so than Nwe are now, be cause, quite probably, the kind of neighbours we should be likely to have in the sort of flat we should be able to afford would be, worse-than none at all. The trpthl is that two lonely, hard-up girls--desperately hard-up girls-will be lonely wherever they are. We are quite prepared for that. Only we intend to choose the particular kind of loneliness which we happen to pre fer-don't we. Mtladge?" "Of course we do." "lt makes me wild to hear you say such things. Rlather than you should feel like that, I'd marry on notlhing." "Thank you, lbut I wouldn't. I lindi it quite hard enough to be single on I notlhing." "You know what I mean; I don't mean actually on nothing. I was rec koning it uip the other night. My in come "c orul income's like mine, Jack capable of considerable increment. And wouldi you be so kind as to change the subject?" But the thing was easier said than done. Jack's thoughts (had been start ed in a groove, and they kept in it; the conversation was continually re verting to the subject of tile girl's lone linciss. Iis last words as lie left the rooml were on the familiar theme. "I 'rant that there. are advantages in having a pretty little place like this all to yourselves, especially when you get it at. a peppercorn rent; and that it's nice to be your own mistresses, and all that kind of thing. lBut in the case of you two girls the disadvantages are so many and so serious, that I wonder you don't. see them more clearly for your selves. Anyhow, Madge has had her first peep at tlhem to-day, and I sin cerely hope it will be her last; though I am persuaded that before very long you will discover that, as a. place of residence for two lone, lorn young wo men, Clover Cottage has its draw backs." WVhen Ella returned from saying falrewcll to fdr. Martyn in the hall, she glanced at Madge and laughed. "Jack's in his prophetic mood." "I shouldn't be surprised if his pro phecy's inspired." Her tone was unexepctedly serious. Ella stared. "What do you meaocn? "What T say." "You're oracular, my dear. What do you say?" "That. I think it quite possible that we shall find that residence at Clover Cottage has its drawbacks; I've lighted on one or two of them already." Ella leaned against the edge of the table, regarding the speaker with twinkling eyes and smiling lips. "My dear, you don't mean to say that that crazy creature has left such an impression on your mind?" "You see, my dear Ella, I haven't told you all the story. I felt that I had given Mr. Martyr a sufficient handle against ius as it was; so I re frained." "Pray what else is there to tell? To ljudge from your looks and manner one "I don't know about, dreadful, but there certainly is something- odd. To begin with, that wretohed woman was 'not my only visitor." Then the rest of the tale was told anid this time the whole of it. Ella heard of the stranger who had intru ded on the pretence of seeking music lessons: of his fear of the seedy loafer in .he street; of hiis undignified exit through the back door; and the whole of his singular behaviour. S"And you say lie could play?" "Play!. Hte played like an-I was go I tug to say an angel, but I'll substitute I artist." "And be looked like a. gentleman?" "Certainly, and spoke like one." "But he didn't behave like one?" "I won't go so far as to say that. Ieo said or did nothing that was positively offensive when he was once inside the house." "But you calleT him a thief?" "Yes; but, mind you, I' didn't think tie was one. I felt so angry." "I should think you did. I should have felt murderous. And you don't think the man in the road was a police man?" "Not he. He was as evil- looking a vagabond as ever I saw." "It doesn't follow merely on that ac, count, my dear, that he wasn't a police man." There was malice in the lady's tones. "Not at al; but even.a policeman, of that type would hardly have jumped out of his skin with fright at the sight of that horrible woman. He knew her, and she knew him. There's a mystery somewhere." "How nice!" "Nice? You thiink so? I wish you had interviewed her instead of me. iMy dear Ella. she-she was- beyond expression." Ella came and seated herself on a stool at Madge's feet. Leaning her arms on her knees she looked up at her face. "Poor old chap! It wasn't an agree able experience." Madge's answer was as significant as it was curt. "It wasn't." She gave further details of what the woman had said and done, and of how she had said and done it-details which she had omitted, for reasons of her own, in Mr. Martyn's presence. By the time she had finished the listener was as serious as the narrator. "It makes me feel creepy to hear youll." To be Continued. 