THE sm\is la PRISON. : j A ..TEMFERANGE sttiroN. ' (ByBasll Wilberforce.D.D. .Canon of '.. . . Westminster;) . . . (Concluded from last week). Preached in Westminster Abbey, Sun day;: 10th June, in connection with the .Woria's Temperance Congress. \- - ' T Abridged. . —"He went and preached'to.Uio .spirits, in pri- ' jsouv — i- x-eier 111.. iu. ' My subject Is riot of my own choosing.: I am npeakirig-on -behalf Of ' the National . Temperance League and in connection' with the World's -Temperance Congress now being held in Lon- don. " I am perfectly -well -aware of the unpopfi-; iarity oT the Subject, '4nd 1 am" also absolutely ' Indifferent to that . Unpopularity. I know it 4s marked 'characteristic of an age of luxury to Teserit plain-speaking about .a- notorious sin ; but men .in. earnest ihave no. lime to waste in jewing fig- leaves over, .the naked truth. St. Paul -.was a plan in earnest; he sewed- no fig- leaves, for the naked- truth;, he never glossed : over with the pencil of eupherialam vices which were eating out the hearts of his converts; -his plain, unvarnished - assault on deadly - sins, which he enumerates under the- heading of the works of the flesh, breathes the atmosphere of refreshing candor and encourages' all Christian ministers, to clear themselves .from the imputa tion of luke-warmness. When so-called Chris tian 'society is ashamed of. sin it' will.be time enough tor Christian ministers to be ashamed to. speak of sin from their pulpits, and lo-day Lam' commissioned to speak of sin— of foul, trrichferpue, fascinating sin; a ' sin which - 1b Jhe'pajnt,, of "Impurity, > infidelity, suffering, suicide, ; murder'; of sin that knows no distinc tion -between ..rich 'arid, poor, men' and women, Tearnqd arid ignorant; ot sln that stamps , its cursed- label, llke the brand of Cain, upon the \- iesbtted ' features of men and women made, in the Image of- God; "advertistiig them before . theijr.feUow-:men,''sayiug,"'!'See, hero are beipgs of.-tiriaven— who are predestined to be conformed, to the image of Chrlst-r-iad ft /is .wri.tten all over their .faces that'theirgod'is their. belly!'' .. ; ;our,nationXL; shame, .. . . .1 do not- p'rppose. to -worry - you .with statistics of- pur national nbame; they 'have- been' collec ted ;in ghastly arid overwhelming array .again aridagedp. \ ; The inoSt recent, .and in some respects, per-' iaps," the'" mbst notable . contribution, is. in. Messl-s .Rowntree and Sherwood's work', which: Is called "The Temperance Problem and Social Reform," which has ;coriie"out In "a" new. and 'enlarged' edition! They prove beyond a shadow \- if r doubt , that miser j. brutality, and crime are prevailing to an alarming extent. The columns of the dally, papers; the. constant utterance of: judges, 'ministers, -dorfme'rs, V superintendents of lunatic asylums, and workhouses, accumulate : evidence that the . moet " direct . . stimulus, .to crime, lunacy,, and pauperism is strong drink. "Drink; says' the .''"fimaT' in a leading article, Raines ;us, confounds us. 'shames us, mocks us \- at every .point, 'it 'outwits alike the doctor, the anan .of . "business, the patriot, .and the iegisla- 4or. .'.When every other institution flounders- . in hopeless' difficulties the, public- house; lipids Jts triumphant course, 'There Is not a' vice .or A disease, or a. disorder or a calamity'.' of any kind that' has riot. its frequent rise in -the pub- jic-house. It degrades, ruins, and brutalises a large fraction of trie British people, and the most terrible proof of the extent , to which this " .fiendish epidemic' is infecting the main-springs of our national life is to be found In the ap palling fact that according- to the. Registrar- .Geheral's" report, the deaths directly attribut able to alcohol have in the last forty years in creased amongst women 100 per cent. ,THE RESPONSIBILITY OF CHRISTIANS. But, meanwhile— yes, meanwhile, that is what I have- to. do to-night— upon whom do you giagine rests the deepest responsibility for e present state, of things? '. I have not the Slightest hesitation in 'replying' that; it rests .upon those who .profess . and call , themselves jpbristians, if they understand the meaning of Jthe word Christian, whose lack" -of. energy;- seal, rind wisdom;. and, courage, has permitted, with out remonstrance, conditions of which .the pub lic-house trade- is . the" natural and the logical Outcome. . I do not for a moment say that the man of- the highest- religions' thought - has a monopoly of 'the responsibility for the souls of those who are perishing from strong -drink. Drunkenness' is .everyone, responsibility,- .of course ; it impoverishes the .people, increases taxation, limits the ' producing power 'o( the" natron. It is, therefore; a question' for the statesman, even if he be an Athiest.' It .de teriorates the rape, renders life less worth liv ing by increasing'its sorrows, multiplying its perils aggravating- its ,'eyils;; it is, therefore, a_ .question for the philanthropist, whether he -be 4'. Mussulman, or a Buddhis't, or a Jew. But urUnkehness, bars ...the.! channels of grace be- Iweeri' the soul of the man afid' the life-giving ... Bpirit-of God; it' defiles- the temple of. the Holy Ghost.. :T tell- you," saysiSt. Paul; "that they JWho do such things Shall' not inherit the Klrig-' 'aom of-God-" : It:is, thefefore. pre-eminently a. question .for, those whose standpoint of daith Is the . higher Christianity, who believe that God : -rind irian'.", are elementarily... inseparable, "that ; , 'calvatlon .ikTnpt Uip; mockeiy of esiLplng' hell" ' tiy: a' subterfuge, but the evolutiori of charaeter ,-V ; Srom the' germ - of ihe Kingdom "of ' Heaven- , Y within, arid who are convinced that it la -the - whole creation, and not a' few favored and se lected specimens, that shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption. WHAT INDIVIDUALS CAN DO. Now, that I may he practical, and definite, what can we .do? Well, I would- say .first; let us in God's name clear our minds from cant. Let' us stop our ears to the. plausible sophis tries of those who would soothe us into .inac tion by saying that this' evil is exaggerated— there is no language known to man that can express It, much less' exaggerate it,- and who assure us 'we can leave the issue to 'the gradual Influence of education; of Increasing 'knowledge rind refinement. Education,' knowledge, re- .finementl- They were not wanting;" to Charles .Lamb,'' the poet and-- essayist, the friend of ' Wordsworth 'and Coleridge; thc-y only , added to the bitterness of his pathetic wail, "From. what have I fallen if the child that I remember was indeed myself,". They are not wanting to -many .vlctIms"of the . prevailing curse, amongst the higher'rahks of English 'society whose degrada tion and misery are 'concealed from public knowledge by their position In life. V THE PERIL OF SOULS. \- Secondly, believing that the peril of souls Is of more importance than the interests 'of any particular trade, we can become, and we ought to "become more' aggressive. We can constant ly keep the question before the nctice of magis trates, landowners, arid the public. At times of elections, whether municipal or Parliamentary, we can .show by our votes that we are in earn est, and that our party feeling is subordinate to national . morality. We can- refuse, if we are in a position in do so, or use our little influence to persuade, others to refuse, to tease a stngle acre' of ground for building purposes . without a stringent eovenant to exclude public -houses. When a certain company, of grocers decided suddenly last -year- to apply for grocers' licenses for all t.heir multitude of houses, .and so to in- 'creas'e iirieas'urably the curse of secret drinking amongst a certain class, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners absolutely refused to allow- a single license to be taken for auy'house on the whole of their 'vast property. .Doubtless there will be a pecuniary loss, but the moral gain will be Indescribable. Of course. If you become aggressive you will be freely accused of want of charity; you will be told you are crusading against those who are often God-fearing and philanthropic, against those who build cathedrals and 'dwellings for the working-classes and support the Chuch in all her. works. It may. to. some sound fanatical but I say that the cathedrals had better crumble to the ground than- be rebuilt with money reeking with , the blood of the widow arid the orphan, and: that but for the vast accumulation ;of wealth gained. by supplying temptation at an inordinate profit, the working classes would be able to build their own houses without any grandmotherly assistance. BANISH IT FROM OUR OWN USE. But let it be understood that we have no quarrel" with individuals.' The worthiness of the individual is wholly outside the question of. the destructiveness cf the trade.: General Jou- bert was, I believe, an exceedingly worthy in dividual, but bis occupation was hostile to Bri tish interest, and we did our very best to kill hiin.' Finally, we can choose- 1 lay It on no body as a duty— we can If we clit ose, In the face ef the present distress, banish from our own use that which, though perhaps It has never been and could never be a danger to ourselves, is brutallslng ruining, pauperising, maddening, thousands of our brethren In humanity. The simple, quiet self- denial of personal total ab stainers is within the power of oil, and I could overwhelm you with examples which have come under my experience In the last thirty years of the strengthening, reforming power in every -kind of society of the silent witness of total ab stainers on the part of those who never made a platform speech in their lives, and who. could not sustain for five minutes an argument as to the pathology of Intemperance. 1 ain'convinced .that. the marked change of op'nlon . amongst clergymen, doctors, lawyers, and statesmen in the last 30 years is to be attributed more. to the influence of the thousands of abstainers than to the arguments and statistics of reformers. Obviously you have -got both the right and the power to use intoxicating 'drink if you please. .Dayid . had both tbe right and the power to .drink that water won for him from the well of Bethlehem; but it had been secured at the cost of blood, and he poured It .on .the sand. Jesus bad «oth the right . and . the power to turn atones into breul-'n the wilderness-- Had He done so He would have forfeited His Identifi cation with HU brethren In humanity by avail ing Himself of a method of sustenance beyond their reach." He had' both the right and the power to deaden the pains, of '.be' crucifixion by the use of the anodyne of alcohol and -man- dragora offered to Him. He used. His liberty in refusing, that. He might, have fellowship with iiumhnit'y in their sufferings. LOVE BEARS THE CROSS. ' I. have the .right arid the power to extend, to myself the indulgence of' using intoxicating drink; no man dare to say me nay! but if I do ..so, I cannot place myself by identification by the side of my faRon brother whose only chance of cure lies in uncompromising abstin ence. If I would lake hiin by the hand, bid him exalt himself and crucify the flesh, it Is well that I should unfetter my heart and cleanse my bands by first bearing myself tbe cross that I am asking him to take up;' I do not care. one feather-weight whether or not there .is logic in this, I Know triere is love.; Dove is apove logic, and love saves the world. There was little loglc an-d much love in the self-renunci ation of Calvary. And there is a voice still asking down the ages, thrilling the very air around us — "Whom shall I send and who will go for me?" It is the voice of God immanent in humanity: it is tbe voice of Him who des cended into Hades on his work of rescue.- You remember Whittier's words:— Still Thy love, O Christ, arisen, . Longs to reach those souls in prison. Through' all the depths of sin and loss Sinks the plummet of Thy cross. . Never yet abyss was found Deeper, than the cross would sound. . SEND ME! _ , . ; But in this dispensation, when' we are sent into the .world for a little while to make it a little better; to wipe. away some tears, at least, from some faces, the blessed ascended Lord can only reach these souls in prison through the agency of men and women .win possess His spirit; who are .themselves prepared to descend into hell if He wishes it,, to seek and save the lost And I ask whether some heart here .will enter into the lists of love and will' give Him back the answer, 'Lord, here am I, send me.',' 