Eohuca Plumptoa Coursing Club. Yestorday the above club hold its second mooting for Uio season on their woll- appointcd plumplon, under mOsl. tnlfnvournblo circumstances. A nasty,drizzling rain set in tlio previous night, and continued, with slight hitermissTon, throughout the whole of (;lio day. Tt, is need less to say t]u\l. the dampness militated against a good attendance, which no doubt Would have been the caso had the day been anything like favorable, as the entries re ceived by the club for this mooting were very gondindoedfor a one day's gathering,butluck appeared to be against the local club, as each meeting there has been some adverse circum stances. This lias been the case for a couplo of seasons, but no fault can be found with the committee, as most of them work very hard to ensure a good meeting. There is one thing certain, and that is that the amount of enthusiasm shown, locally towards the sport is very poor indeed. No otiior sport in the town is so conducive to the circulation of money as coursing, whon the season's meets are taken into consideration. Tho rain made the ground very heavy, and as a result the stronger dog had the advantage in the various courses. It was also against tho hares, but the limited number of kills show that they were a very strong lob indoed. Onlytwolve nominated for tho Challenge Puppy Stakes, to which ten pounds donated by Mr. A. B. Pearson, the . club's only patron, was added. Tho All-aged Strikes had a better entry, there being sixteen competitors, thus making an oven stake. Both winners of the stakes may be termed local dogs. Tiio winner of the Puppy Stakes is owned by two local en thusiasts, whilst tho other comes indirectly from Jackson's (the local dog trainer) stable. The final of the Puppy Stake was between Red White and Blue (nominated by Mr. W. 12\. Davies, the president) and Churchill (tho property of Mr. P. Chonhalls, tho ex-presi dent). Both are by Vontana, but tlio oppo site sex is different. The sire has been one of Mr. Cheiihalls previous fancies, and al though he despised tho old dog, it is con gratulatory to see that one of its descendants has run so well in his name. Tho winner was woll -received on returning to the enclosure, tho nominator and owners coming in for high praiso in pos sessing such' a fast competitor. ltuler, in tho Open Stake, disposed of his opponents in fino stylo, and wont through his courses with remarkable ease. He is a fino specimen of a dog, and will assuredly win again, providing that sucli good care is given him as been. the caso during tho last fortnight. In tho Puppy Stakos British Blue got to the hare first against Black Watch, nnd work ing a little in front of tho escapes got tho ver dict, tho hare gotting to cover. Master Mac looked like leading Miss Star, but tho hare slightly favored tho latter. However, she came fast on reaching tho hare and got tho initial point. Afterwards she scored freely and won easily. Kilfinano got up in front of Capstan by thrco lengths, nnd scored. freoly before tlio hard got to covor and the verdict was given in her fav'or. Churchill got up half n dozen lengths in front of Beehive Beituty, /ind had a nasty, fal! in front of the stand, .where Beehive Beauty scored a little. CliurchiU'scored again before tho haro got to cover, and scored tlio verdict. Rod, White and Blue got to tlio hare half a dozen lengths in front of Red Back, and scored-tlio initial points/ ; Red Back scored a couple, but Red, Whito and Bluo drove the hare to cover. A splendid go to the haro resulted between Tho Hummer and Romantic, the former scorin« tho load up by half a longth. Give and'tako work resulted, bub The Hummer drovo the hare to cover. In the first ties British Bluo mot Miss Star. Miss Star led up by eight lengths and turned. .After she had scored anothor couple British liluo got in, but could not wipo.off tho score before the hare got to cover. , .Churchill led Kilfinano up by three lengths, and just missed an easy win by not gotting a kill. The hare stood up and as Kilfinano was wiping off tlio score ho killed. Red, White and B'uO led Tlio Hummer by two lengths, and making a good drive scored a kill. . In tlio second ties Churchill easily defeated Miss Star, leading up by half a! dozen loiigths. Ho worked freely, and Miss Star got her only points by "effecting-a kill.' Red, White an V Bluo ran a bye. In the final Churchill (Vontana—Tho Raven) wont Out favorito against Red, White and Blue (Vontana—Cora). Churchill looked like leading. ;iip, ' but .the hare, shot across.: to «<#. White and Bluo's favor., .. Tlio latter, then worked" well,' and scored a- couple 'of points' after tho" lead-up/ Both 'worked' alternately before tho haro got homo, Rod White and Bluo'scoring the verdict, amidst applause. In - the , Riverina Stakes Gold Leaf won vory easy from Ruby Robins,: doing tho major portion of.the run, the'lead up bomg ten lengths. Goldlcaf showed very: fast pace. ^ My Chance got tho lead up to Berrigan JoVor, and scored a couplo of points. Berngait Joker V then got in and wiped ..the-, score off, ' and won. Rulor got tlio load iHv by half a length, from Post Boy, and thou- turned and kiffod. Compensation was two Ungtho behind Galena in the load up, but ho riitl tlio re mainder of tho work until • Galena scored the kill. Rioter got tlio lead up from Nap'i,v w four lengths, and scored freoly, but Vim. wido on liis game, aftorwards Napier-work ing closoly till, tho liaro got to cover, scored a vory closo win. . Tho Grafter got 'the' lead! tip from Colleen Lass. IH, ":arid won easily. Brian Boru reached tho hare two .lengths: to tho good against Victoria, and afterwards worked very closely, scoring an. oasy win. Eyolot got tho lead by lialf a length,'but The Tollor got in and scored '.'freely. Eyolot snatched a kill, which made an undecided " go." In tlio run off IfJyolot got the load up by a length, but give' and'.tako work resulted: from this out. The judsjogavo a vory closo. course in favor of Eyolot. •: Inr tho; first ties Goldlcaf led Borrigan Joker up by three leiigtliSj and a littlo givo ami take work re sulted whon the hare got to cover, - Goldleaf. winnintr nrottv easilv. Unlm- lniirl sation up by ^ threo. longths;.'and turned.' Compensation tlioii got in and scored. Napier, lead Tho Graf tor up to tlio hiiro by half a; length, and.scored iv couple of further points. The Graftor.tlidn got in and showed super iority, but could not wipe off the Bcorc bofore: tlio hare-got to coyer. Brian -Boru - was mucli bettor, in tlio go agaiust Eyelet; rind liardly allowed him to 'score. In the second ties iiulerjcd lip by . three lengths and turned. Ho scored freoly whon Goldlcaf effected the kill. Brian Boru scored the lead by lrnlf a length'to . Napier. Then the work'was evorily divided, the hard oscapmg. . In the .'run ok Ruler' lead up-worked "and; turned repoatodly beforo the lmro got to covor. : Tho publican's:and luncheon.booths wore, under the supervision of,Mr. P. J. O'Bryan, who eatorod in his usual • oxcollent- style.' The president (Mr. W. B.'Davios)'wiis much: in evidence during the afternoon, attending; to tlio visitors; undcamo'iii fova'gobdamovmt; of praiso for the way ho 'conducted affairs.' Howasablyassistod.by Mr. P. Ohenlmlls, thai ox-president, andas arosiUtovoi^hing'Wont; off without a hitch.:Tlio' lion's share of tlio" work was . performed liy that most onergetie socrolary, Mr. J., B. Wilkinson. If anybody, could iiiid tho slightest fault with him in his' ;work they must be oxtromely hard to please/ Ho was most obligint»and courteous to all who came in contact with him. The comniittoe, • with the other officers,alsoassisted materially,: whilst tho judge (Mr. T. Chad wick) and the ; slipjior (Mr. F, Turnor) performod their ! duties in a pleasing niannor. ' ■ i Tho results aro as follows :— CHALLENOE rul'l'Y STAKE. For 12 puppies at£2 2s. eaoh. Winnei"i£15, and£10 added (donated by Mr. A. B. Pear son) j runner-up, £6 ; third dog, £3. Dower and Campbell's bo b British Blue, t)ld Boll tho Cat—Biddy Magee (Jan. '09), beat W. G Ashman's blk d Black Watch, Honeydow—-Molly Riloy (Jan. '99). W. J, Lounde's w blk b Miss Star, Black Star—Colloretto (Doc. '98), beat E, Petor son's blk d Master Mac, Confidence—Dare bin Gem (Sept. '98), e ' G. Chadwick's blk d Kilfinano, Single Tax ■—ICilmoina (Nov. '98), beat A. Heath's bdl mid w'd Capstan, Get—May (July '98).. P. Chenhall's blk d Churchill, VeriUma— TIio Raven (Sept. '98), boat II. Bitrridgo's r b Beehivu Beauty, Ilmkaway—Bit of Luck (Nov. '08). W. K. Dfivios' lift w mid f I) Itcd, White and Blue, Yeiitena—Cora (Nov. '98), boat Miss Styra Mills' v and w d Redback, Petor Jackson—The Channel- (May '99). F. Baird's lis blk dThc Hummer, Blarney stone—Queon Boo (Nov. '98), boat W. G. AHlnnan'.s w and bile d Romantic, Honeydew —Biddy (Dec. '98). First Ties. Miss Star beat British Blue. . . . Churchill boat Kiliiimno. . Red, -Whito and Bluo beat Tho Hummer. Second Ties. Churchill beat Miss SUuv Red, White and Blue, a bye. • ■ Final. W. 35. Davies' lis w f b lied, Wliito and Bluo beat P. Chculiall's blk d Churchill, and ! won tho stake. ; UIVEIUNA STAKES, ; For 1C all-ages at £2 2s each. Winner, £20; runner-up, £8 ; two dogs each £2. W. 15. Davies' ns blk and w b Goldleaf, Goldsmith—Pigeontoe, boat A. Coploy's ns £ b Ruby Robins, Robinhood—Ruby. P. Clienhall's us r d Berrigan Joker, Dare ! bin King—Catherine Hayes, beat G. Mor- ' gan's r d My Chance, Tho Ghost—Miss Brennan. F. Staples' lis blk and w d Ruler, Reveller —Gay Girl, boat J. Plunkett's blk and w d Postboy, Fogarty—Chance). F. Baird's blk d Compensation, Jerry— Coquette, beat J. Owen's f d Galena, Dubious ' —Pennyroyal, J. Murphy, jun.'s, ns r and w d Napiei'j Napoleon—Foam, beat K; Peterson's r and w d Rioter, Harkaway— Honeysuckle. C. Chadwick's blk d The Grafter, Honey-, dow—Lass, beat L. Carey's f b Colleen Lass. Ill, Hcyl'ield—Lucy, H. Hawkins, jun.'s, f and w d Brian Boru, Honeydew—Disfigured, beat J. Pluukott's f b Victoria, Lindsay Gordon— Darobin -Maid. E. C. Woiligen's blk and w d Eyelet, Du bions—Pennyroyal, beat J. B. Wilkinson's ns f d The Tolloiy Banker—Rosio. First Ties. Goldleaf beat Berrigan Joker. , Ruler beat Compensation. ] Napior boat Tho Grafter. Brian Boru boat Eyelet. Second Ties. _ Ruler beat Goldleaf. ; Brian Boru beat Nnpier. Final. F. Staples' ns blk w d Ruler, beat H. ' Hawkins, jun.'s, f w d Brian Boru, arid won tho stake. 