SUMMER ADVICE. BE MODERATE IN EATING AND DRINKING. wf.ah st.axnet, NEXT THE SKIN. LIGHT, WHITE OUTER CLOTHING. OPINIONS OF DR. GRESSWELL. FROM THE HERALD.. When" the mercuiy ' rises in :the ther mometer to a hundred and odd, and the baked Australian' mops his perspiring brow as he sighs, too often vainly; for a south breeze, it is essential' that he should know what- to eat, drink and wear, so that the ill-effects, of the heat should be at leiist mitigated. To place him in pos- | session of that knowledge we have iriter- | viewed Dr. Gresswell, the chairman of the Board of Public Health, and the | opinions of an authority on health ques- Jtious, which we are able to give, aKould | prove valuable. | V What to eat, drink, and to wear, how | to avoid sun-stroke and'heat-stroke, and I ttrliaf. fn iln In fhri rivpnf. rvf ftifchfir heiiii sustained ? — It's "rather a large order for the compass of a short newspaper article. " | And the doctor smiled. " Bub, perhaps, we can manage it by condensing vigor ously," he continued, "so, to begin, ! should say, generally, ' Be moderate in all things, and extremely moderate in the usei of alcoholic drinks.' " " That is the most important point of all, and deserves a line to itself in capital letters. There should be no excesses of | any sort. Anything that enervates or re, | duces the system is sure" to be a source of additional risk to a person in a hot climate and exposed to the direct rays of the sun. | Then, with moderation in all things, | should come regularity in all things — re gularity in work, - meals,, exercise and sleep. Moderation and regularity must I be practisea rigorously 11 a neawny tone J is to be maintained." j clothing. | " Leaving the general principles which | must be observed, and coming to details, | we will put clothes on our model summer J man. First, he should wear flannel next | his skin, not the thick irritating flannel : | sometimes to be seen iri our shops, hut . | lighter merino, with a small percentage of | cotton with it. His outer clothing should be white, and," of coarse, light, and for the protection of the delicate organism of | the abdomen, he should wear a cumnier- bund, or. drawers which will overlap his | flapnel shirt in that region. His headgear should be a white helmet of bamboo | wicker (which is the best) or cork. The J helmet should be roomy iu the roof, to | permit of proper ventilation, and it should come well down all round in the I brim, but Darticularlv at the back and front — over the nape of the neck and eyes." DRINKS. " In the matter of drinks, abstinence from alcohol as far as practicable is the chief point. Nothing is so bad as the . iil- -cOTwfe-pt!gpwnii:ti, si lougmtriffay | pleasurable excitement, is. only tempor- ary in its action, and, leading to another, | and another, inevitably Undermines the | digestive and nervous systems, which are | the two systems that it is essential should | be kept in vigor and good tone. Again, | alcoholic abuse leads to the destruction of | natural sleep in the natural time, which | is night, and as sleep is one of the most | important requisites for the maintenance | of health, and at the same is most difficult | to obtain in summer, that is another and | excellent reason for extreme moderation | in the use of alcohol. For those who take alcohol, claret cup is least injurious. | Soda water is a safe drink, but witli any | water care should be" taken to see that it j has been properly filtered. Micro-organ- isms, like snakes, are mos.t. active, and | their virulent properties are most marked in summer, therefore, proper filtration' of | all drinking water is essential. Tea (in moderation) is a good cooling beverage. " FOOD. | "As far as possible a vegetable diet should be chosen. A certain amount of | animal food will, of course, be found necessary, but it should be largely re- J duced in favor of vegetables. Ripe fruit is good, and it is very important that the mid-day meal should be a light one. | Parr, who lived to a great age, when asked 11.1... l.:n l/AM'»Airifir Cilifl ' K ami wie seuivu ui iuo iunj,urii-j| your head cool by temperance, your feet warm by exercise, rise early, and go to bed soon, and if you are inclined to get fat, keep your eyes open and your mouth' shut.' That is excellent advice neatly put." EXERCISE, ETC. " Exercise is-essential to keep the skin ! active, and' to. keep up healthy action of I the bowels. Riding and walking are the best kinds of e xercise. Cycling is good in extreme moderation, but the tendency to immoderation with those who cvcleJs, marked, -jwM'tiouL.riy-ainpngstrtrte young. Lads may be seen any day as pale as ghosts, and gasping for breath, because of the exertion they have used to ride hist and overcome hills. Bathing is very ad visable— in the tropics it is particularly resorted to for the building up of the sys tems : of the children. Smoking, which tends to pull down: the action of the heart, should.be only moderately indulged in at any time, but particularly in the summer." SUN AND HEAT STROKES. | " If-the advice already given be fol- | lowed, the danger of sustaining sun and I honr arvAlriMi ' nrill Iia. mamh J I ranvnoq n m- i;u lUUUU lUIUlUUWU | Where any tendency to such strokes is | noticed, frequent recourse should be had | to cold douching and to shampooing the head. When a stroke is sustained the | patient should be removed to a cool and sheltered place, and cold water should be applied to the nape of the neck anil the head. Ice is extremely valuable for such application, but where ice cannot be ob- | tained a free use of the pump will do. Naturally, no time should be lost in ob taining the services of a medical man, but . while: waiting use- cold water un- i sparingly, juec it tie remembered that alcohol favors heat, stroke. Let the people restrain their indulgence of it; and j we will hear of fewer cases, and will want less cold water and less ice". 