TOWN TALK. Our Euchareena correspondent don't compliment our Millthorpe poet. Bennett and Wood's, the old established city cyolUts, have started a Lranoh in Orange. The Is. Pops come off on the 15th instant. Please remember. Fresh tenders are oalled this issue for sinking a trial bhaft at Millthorpe in search of an adequate water supply. E. H. Taylor and Co., Bathurat, advertise 800 store oattle and 30 fat bullocks for sale iu Rathurst this issue. Mr. Llew Singleton, from out back, has taken over the Carrington Hotel from Mr. J. Hioks and intends to boom it. Mr. W. M. Collins, of^ Cargo, showed us a lump of gold on Monday weighing about 2lba ; portion of it was from the Capital and a portion from the Ironolad, Cargo. Mr. Sandy Naylor, of well established fame, is now representing the Colonial Mutual Life Insurance Co., and is proving a valuable acquisition to the company. Mrs. Naylor announces elsewhere this issue that she is running on up-to-date shop in Peisley-street, where fruit and oonfeotiouar/ of the freshest and best will always be available. Our contemporary iu its superior wisdom advised the opening of a new tuh, fowl, and game shop iu Orange. We republish the artiole on our back page, and reply to it, this issue. We notice by the chairman of direotor's newspaper that unless all shares in arrears in the Balaratof N.S.W. G.M. Oo. have the calls paid on them they will be sold by auction. Rev. C. Jones and Hamilton and Sons have each donated a big of wheat to the Indian Famine Fund and would like to know how it is to be delivered, or who takes charge of it. The new tar sprinkler leaked so much that it was returned and a specially constructed one ordered. This, too, leaks. Truly misfortune dogs.the municipality. Our "Ladies oolumn," specially written in Sydney for this journal, appears on our back page this issue, also "Our Member's" doings are ohronioled there. Mr. James Allison has engaged the Australian Hall to conduct his dancing classes for the coming saason, and invites all past pupils and friends to his assemblies on every Friday night. The takein voice of a beU- toppered salesman commonly called "Cheap Jack," prevaded the air opposite Polbrook's hotel on Saturday night last. He was doing a " roarin" trade. Bowling club matters are now stagnant and so is t'ue bowling ground. Ibe oommittee should hand ij over to youngsters for making mud pies in during the winter. The fact that the local entries for the Trinity Col ege musical exams were too late, has oaused a deal of annoyance to parents and grief to children. We notice the citizens of Batburst publicly appreciate the oourtesy of our genial district surveyor. See Bithurst item " Country News." For the sake of those of our readers who deal in stock, etc., we draw their attention to the big sale of farming machinery, sheep, and oattle to be held at Beri, 10 miles from Molong, on Thursday, June 28 and 29. An article from the pen of T. C. Worlioys, Esq., on locally-grown Manitoba and Dulhuith wheats, will appear in our next; also, a letter from a practioal Christian on the Indian famine. We notice that the Orange Oo.dncil is justifying its existecoe juBt now in a verymble manner by cutting the earth from the gutters in Kitestreet and making the footpaths in other parts. Mr. Roben Canning having levered his connection with the Wentwortfai 'and AUadii'g Lamp Company's from this date, Mr. Moppett bag been appointed acting sjif&rlnt;&tdeut; in his stead. . . v Vv The youngsters in town seem46ha\W.a mania for horrid squeaking things ^{th'whUh they rend the air from early morn .• till, d^wy eve. Tho value of-their instruments of torture seems to be measured by the hideousnWigf the sound they will produce. '• A number of the Odd'ellow brethern got a severe flight the other night whet they entered the lodge room iu the dark and wero coo fronted by Mrs. Tibbs' dummy draped iu white paper, They ay tore down stairs shouting for " Charlie" to come and lay the ghost. If there is anything " nasty" in this Issue our readers will please understand that owing to the office boy putting his foot thrpu^H' tllu editor's window the cold blast off the Oaub tUs lias been blowing throngh his whiskers.'utuch to his annoyance. " In view of the prospect of a wet winter the Minister for Works has agreed to raise the wages of men with horses and drays working on the Crookwell railway to Us per day." Why not treat all alike. If the Millthorpe navvies had been treated as well as this they would have had some inducement to wait for work. A vote of the East Orange ratepayers to see whether they were willing to pay Is in the £ for a water rate took plaoe on Saturday last at the Counoil Chambers, and resulted in 85 votes being reoorded in favor of water being installed in the borough, and 65 against. The Australian Hall is at present in the hands of the carpenters, getting specially renovated for the purpose of dancing. Every effort is being made to meet the requirements of the dancing fraternity, and ere Ipng Orange will be able to boast of two good d^noing halls instead of one as in days gone by. Mr. Pedley, one of the latest gentleman arrivals in Orange, is certainly an example in progressiveness. A fine brick red-tiled mansion now graces the hills along the Ophir-road; in addition to which, Mr. Pedley has availed himself the local telephone service, although over three miles from the exchange. Seven hones attached to a waggon 'bolted from the goodahed yard on'Friday last and swerved round the corner near the railway station beading up towards Kinealy's. Tbey took the corner poet and a p*nel or two of fencing with them before stopping. The team belonged to Mr. Fahy, of Springslde. Owing to their increased trade, Messrs. Walker and Co. are enlarging their plant and putting in vats half as large again as those formerly in nse. This increase is direotly attributed to the faot that their beer took first prize at the Sydney Show this year. 