AT THE SHEAF OF WHEAT. A Tale of the Rising of 1803. BY JAMES MURPHY, Author of ' The Forge of Clohogue,' « Hugh „„..,.. Roach,, the Ribbonman, ' ' &c.; — v ' [Alii BIGHTS EESERVBD.j Chapter XXX. (Continued.) . And Emmet as he spoke placed a gold coin in her hand, and took his place under the spreading tree, ?well known as the Old Sycamore. He had not long waited when a form came from the direction of the house, emerging from the gloom. Her step was so light that he scarcely heard her until she stood beside him. She was dressed in 11 gilt DEUiroom costume, over wuiuu hub iiau tuiuwu a heavy Indian shawl of dark red hue, which made her look almost invisible. She was in her hair, and . might have seemed to one who did not know her as a fairy escaped from the woodlands around. . .'-Robert !' she whispered, falteringly. ' Is this you. Oh, my ! Why did you come ?' She extended her h&nd;, and he took it in his. « Why, Sarah,' said he, pleasantly, ' you speak . as if you-were addressing a ghost.' ' My gracious, Robert, you don't know the ,, trouble and fear I am in. Why did you come ? Is there anything amiss ? What brought you this late hour r' ... ' Why, Sarah, darling,' said he, ' I came simply because I wished to see you. Because I could not help coming, Because every time I speak with you — see you — it is a time snatched from Paradise. Because I love you, and my feet naturally turn to ?where you are, Is not that reason enough ?' 'No, no, it is not,' she said, hurriedly and falteringly. ' You ought not have come. You are running great danger. Oh my ! why did you come here ? Will you never be prudent and cautious ? There is such peril and danger around !' . ' Danger !' said he, with a merry laugh, loud ' enough only for her ears. 'Danger ! It would be grave peril, indeed, that would keep me away from you, when my heart longs, burns— as it so often does— to see you. Danger! You don't know the passion, the yearning, that at times possesses me to see you, to hear ypur voice, and know that you are beside me. Danger ! What is danger or peril com pared with the delight of seeing you. Beloved, oh, ?bolnTTOrJ I' „ .'?'.. 'But there is danger— and great danger! Oh my! Why did you come?' she said, breathlessly. ?'? Can you not have patience, and wait ?' ' Danger? Why, what danger can there be ?' he asked, somewhat struck by her repeated use of the word. ' You are needlessly frightened, my darling Sarah. If your heart beats as rapturously at my presence as mine does at yours, you would not think of dangers.' 'What is that that has happened to-night ?' she ABked, too frightened to pay attention to his endear ing words, but yet not withdrawing her hand from his. 'To-night I' he said, forgetting in the pleasure of his meeting her the events down the city. 'What ?— to-night ?' 'Yes,' she said, 'the report— -the explosion— we heard it here.' He immediately recalled the incident. ?? Kja, a mere explosion or some gunpowder,' he said, with assumed carelessness. 'That need not alarm you. That might happen at any place, and at any time.' 11 But it does alarm me, and— it was more than that. I heard Major Swan and Colonel Scott of the Castle garrison talk of it, not half-an-hour ago. They had just arrived from the scene. Oh, Robert, Robert! why will you be meddling with these dangerous men and these things. Oh my, oh iny ! I thought you promised me you would not !' 'My dear girl,' said he, pressing her to his side, 'you are needlessly worrying yourself. There is no occasion for alarm. There is' not much wrong. What did they say ?' '? They said— oh my ! I shall die with affright !— they said it-was in a place where concealed ammu nition was that the explosion took place, and that the quantity must have been large for the damage ' was enormous. And — and— they mentioned your name in connection with it.' 'Oh, thr-y did— did they? Well, my dariirg girl, they will have in the not very far distant dayB to mention my name, and when they do mention it, it will be with more honour and in a different con nection. Till that time, my own love, you must strengthen your heart for my sake, and trust to me and my love for you. For my love is boundless as the sea and changeless as yonder hill.' ' But, Robert— it is not true ? You have had no connection with it— this explosion, startling the city and the night.' 'My darling girl, do not waste the precious mo ments talking of these things. The moments are flying by, and we have not spoken of ? ' 'Oh, Robert, I cannot speak of anything else whilst these things distress me— distress me for your sake. Why do you not give them up ? Why dp you not sever your connection with these reck less men who project these dreadful troubles ? Why do you not give them up— for my sake, for my sake!' 11 My 1 V3— beloved !— these are not matters for a ?? -. --*'-.i'.ion. They are only ? ' ^x i)---Tni«» ow yomrill five them up, Pro mise me that you will separate yourself from them. Promise me— you must— before we part !' ' My sweetheart bright ! what you ask me to do is impossible. I have joined with good and gallant men to make a great and gallant effort for the free dom of our land. And we will carry it out— carry it out successfully, I believe. The star of Ireland's glory shines brighter than it has done before for hundreds of years.' «? But what is Ireland to you more than to any one else? Why should you peril. your life, your future for it more than the rest?' she asked, pas sionately and indignantly. 'Because, caro mio, my life is devoted to Ireland. Because, next to you — always next to you, remem ber ! — I love her more than anything else in this world. Because her freedom, her liberty, is as my own heartstrings, as the' blood that flows in my veins— as dear and as precious !' . : V But if you love me best of all, why will you not do as I wish ? If you love me — as you say you do, and as I know you do — why do you not give up these things for me — for my sake? Is my love not worth the sacrifice? If you are dearer to me than the wide, wide world, am I not to you ? Why not give them up ?' ' Because, my precious girl, if I did I would hot be the Robert Emmet that you know and trust and love. Because I would not consider myself worthy of you. Because I could only love, you whilst my heart was full of honour and high feelings— Of high impulses — of honour, truth, and sincerity. Want ing these things, I should not be worthy of you ; I should feel, degrading you, my fairest of all Irish girls, in offering you my love. I should feel myself an unworthy object, and should never stand in your dear and sweet and thrice-loved presence, under the gaze of your beautiful and loving eyes again. No. Never !' ' Oh, my !' cried she, pitifully, ' what a position to be placed in. Oh, woe is me! to see one I love so dearly going to ruin and destruction ! And no power to stay his steps !' .-.?.;?. ' Nay, don't fear for that, caro mio,' he said, softly, taking her in his arms ; ' all things will come out right. When I see you next it shall be to offer you a hand renowned and distinguished — for no other would be worthy of your acceptance ! And you may trust it, beloved girl — most beloved of all in this world ! — that if ever a stain of dis honour, of cowardice, of falling away from gallant associates and high and noble purposes, should ever befall me, you shall never see me again. But that will never happen, my treasured sweet, and the next time of meeting we shall be in a position to fix——' 'There!— there Robert !' she Baid, hurriedly, and disengaging herself slightly from his arms, ' Go— go at once ! The company are leaving. You will be discovered ! There is the stile. Do not mind the gate. There. Go !' There was indeed no time to be lost. The hall door was open, a stream of light was issuing out on the lawn and gravel- way in front, and with it a gay, laughing group of young and old. «? Good bye, my darling girl,' he Said, clasping her hand and pressing her to his side once more. 11 1 shall see you again soon. Good-bye.' ' Good-bye, Robert, and take care of yourself. God be with1 you.' : A tender farewell kiss, and she was gone — vanished from his side. ? Emmet slipped over in the darkness to the stile he knew so well, vaulted lightly over it and landed in the darkness on the other side ; whilst she glided over under the trees and, unobserved, joined the party tumultuously chatting and laughing their fare wells on the steps of the hall-door or in front of them. : Robert Emmet had scarcely landed on the road and advanced a few hurried steps in the direction Rathfarnham than he was startled by a footstep near him. It was pitch dark all around, with the starless character of the night, the additional gloom lent by the heavy branches of the trees that threw their foliage over the roadway, and the glare of the light issuing from the hall- door still in his eyes. He could see nothing. Still, though he could see no one around or near, it struck him uncomfortably that he had heard a step. Desirous of avoiding all recognition at this place and hour, he hurried on wark as quick as the intense darkness would allow him. He glanced behind, but the gleaming lights of a carriage rolling towards him met his eyes, filled them with their glare, and again, therefore, he could see nothing. He resumed his way to avoid the carriage lights being thrown on his face; the carriage swept heavily by and he was left in blinding darkness. 'It will be all hours in the morning when I get home. I must try and get faster on before the dawn comes if I wish to— r—' . But just then the step behind him, breaking the thread of the reflections, fell on his ear ! \ ?'?? ' There is somebody following me,' he thought! ' thpire is somebody dogging my footsteps — what- -rv.v ' 'he object ! I cannot let this go on longer; I mua c see who it is, and what he wants.' Quietly withdrawing a dagger — a long thin knife of finest steel, and. edged on both sides, which he always carried attached to his belt under his coat, from its sheath, he suddenly wheeled round. - ♦' Who are you ?' he asked, sharply. There is no response, nor could he see anyone. ' If there be anyone following, let him go before; or, staying behind, let him not come near; for ? ' ' Robert Emmet !' said a voice from behind, and a hand was laid gently on his shoulder, startling him immeasurably, ' put up your dagger. I am no enemy, but a friend.' : He expected to see whoever it was that was fol lowing him before when he turned round, but now the voice was at his back, having evidently passed him in the darkness. The voice and the touch of the unseen hand had a disturbing effect in the in tense darkness of the night and the tree-shadows ; but the words and their tenor reassured him, .' ' What do you want with me ?' he asked after a short pause. ',' To tell you this,' said the voice, for hejcoulcl but merely distinguish the dim outline of a figure, hardly darker than the darkness. 'Do not go home to-night. Do not go to Rathfarnham to night.' ????,.?? ' Who speaks ? Who' are you ? 'You would not know me if I told you. But act on my advice. Do not go to Rathfarnham to night!' ?'Why? Why should I not ?' 'Because the soldiers will be there before you. I came to tell you. Molly the Crooner sent the 'word, and- ? ' . 'The soldiers ! How could they know where I live ?' asked Emmet, in some astonishment, un heeding the latter portion of the statement. /'Are you quite certain ?' There came no answer to this query, and Emmet f orebore to press it. .-'.Who was it you said sent you ?' he asked again after a short, irresolute pause. To this either there came no reply. And then, after another short pause, it became in some way palpable to him that there was nobody near him I There was nobody in front of him! Whoever it was that had followed and accosted him had vanished as silently as he had come. There was no one to give reply to his questions, if he ad dressed them till morning. That was clearly evi dent. He paused for awhile in indecision and perplexed wonderment. What should he do ? Should he follow the advice of this mysterious warner, and not goto his place in Rathfarnham? Pshaw! He would go there. No one knew him there as Robert Emmet ; he had had the place taken for him un der the name of Rober Ellis, and as Robert Ellis he was recorded as tenant. It was only some trick to frighten him and try his strength of mind. He turned to continue his way. But again, in utter in decision, he halted. What if the information were true — really and actually true ? What if the sol diers were there, searching for him ? It could do no harm his staying away ; it could be of no im mense danger his going. Molly the Crooner ! Bless us ! Why it must be the case when she sent word. She knew everything. What was it she did not know ? Yes, he would turn back. It would be imprudent to disregard the warning. No harm could come of his attending to it— much danger, possibly, by negleeting it. He turned on his heel again and faced citywards. Whither should he go ? He bethought him of his long walk that night, seeming so long ago now, from Merrion with Dick Ronayne. But Dick was dead and gone, or lost somehow, and his pleasant chambers were not available. Hurford Elliott ? No, he would not go there. Elliott was strange and unsociable lately. Daly s or the other public hos telriee were closed in sleep long ago, and in any case would be dangerous to him in the last degree. Whi ther then ? He paused in doubt. Stay ! There was the arsenal in Marshalsea Lane. The place was never without persons — workers, guardians, watchers, what not. All safe and re liable men- — true to their duty and the cause and to him, as the unchanging and changeless north star ! He would go there. That was the place for him. Along the Harold's CroBs road to the bridge, down Clanbrassil-street, through the Liberties and the Coombe, where the silk- weavers were fast asleep, their shuttles silent, and the topB of their tall, gable ended houses— begotten of the architecture of Mul housen and Lyonaise — hidden in the darkness, through Marybone Lane, with its tanneries and dis tilleries and shadowy byways, and into Thomas street, Thence to Bridgo-street and Marshalsea Lane. The faint light of dawn was beginning tc hint its presence in the sky over the Barley Fields in the distance— a faint blushj scarcely perceptible, be tokening that the glorious god of day was slowly making his way up from the mysterious Eastr what time he reached the turn in Thomas-street and his downwarp steps took him through Bridgerstreet to Marshalsea Lane ! Arrived at the Depot, he was at once admitted, and in a garret at the top, wherein was a wooden bedstead and a straw mattress, he laid himself down to rest. He was very tired and weary with the ad ventures of the night and over-much walking, and in a short time was sunk in profound sleep. If any thoughts of the dear, delightful girl at Everdale came on his sleeping brain they must have been pleasant ones, for they failed to disturb him. ? ^ With the opening of dawn came the stir of life, the sounds of work and labour, the growing hum that distinguishes a great city waking into exist ence afresh, and they all failed to affect him, for he slept on soundly. (To he continued.) '; 