Mysteries -of Criuie. . In 1880 a W-Shmai's. body was dis covered iu. a cellar, under the pavement, of a flue niausion In ITarley- street. The butler of the family in cleaning out the cellar came upon ' a cask, and within that cask he found the body preserved in quicklime, which had been used, no doubt, with the- idea of preserving.it, but the opposite' result followed. Decomposition hadj however, gone too far to make recognition possible, jitkd there was never the slightest clue to the identity of (lie criminal, or of .that' of the murdered person. The woui&n; had been stabbed to the heart Nothing \^hatever was elicited lu the house it self. It Jiad been occupied by the. same gentleman, its proprietor, an uninipeacli abl.y respectable person, for at least twenty yeaiw, and he could throw no light whatever upon the 'mystery. Even where a body has been clearly identified, and within a short space of time, the solution has not been reached. Let us take some of the less familiar cases n« recorded in 'the criminal his tory of other countries. ? There was the murder of ' the pretty clgav girl,' as «he was called, Mary Rogers, of New York— the foundation, indeed, of Edgar Allen Poe'a famous story, ' The Mystery of Marie ltoget,' although he placed the sceje of the crime in Paris, alary Eogers left her home one eveniug for a walk in Hobp ken, on the Jersey side of tlie Hudson River, aud was never afterwards seen alive. Some days later her body was found floating in North Itiver ; she had been strangled by her own bice flehu. By-and-by the traces of a fierce and mortal struggle were found In a neigh bouring wood, and in due course several arrests were made, all of men supposed ?to have been desperately in love with Mary Rogers. Every one was able, however, to establish his innocence, al though one, by named Payn, subse quently committed suicide near where the crime was perpetrated. This mysterious murder agitated the whole of the United States to an extent unparalleled, except by the murders of Presidents Lincoln and Oarfleld, and so ftotisfaetory^ clue was «ver obtained, - Not long ago, at the death of the to bacco merchant who had been Mary Rugers's employer, and who as years passed had become a very wealthy man, certain facts were said to have come out which in a measure implicated him with the crime ; but these do not seem to have been more than a vague story of bis being haunted on his deathbed in Paris by the ghost of the 'murdered girl. Other cases' of a similar kind have occurred in the United States. There was' the murder of Sarah Cor nell, who was at first thought to have hanged herself, then said to have been killed by a Methodist minister ; but he was acquitted, and the deed, uow proved to be one of violence, was al ways a mystery. So was that of the girl fished up from the bottom of Manhattan well, in the days when New York was a small place; but the murderer who had firet stran gled, then thrown, Gulielina Sands down the well was never discovered.— From ' Cassell'e Family Magazine' for April. 