THE 'HEW' MET. : By Harold Macfarlane, in the Eng ; - lish Illustrated Magazine. When Tom Preston entered the apart ment which waa known to the friond of ... Sir George Bellairs as George's Den, he found tie occupier evidently busily on gaged on buoiness, a phase of Sir George's life that he had never come in contract with before. 'Sit down,' suggested Sir George, \--.;' pointing with a quill to a capacious arm ehair. ' Shan't be a moment.' Torn Preston took the proffered seat and watched his friend, whose actions, to say the least of it, were ratber extraordinary. Before the baronet was a large sheet of paper propped up against a dainty bronze Pierrette, nearer to him an open cheque boob, the pageo of which he filled up with a speed suggestive of a life being at stake and dependent upon his ac complishing1 the task4beforo bim in record time. A cheque, when filled up, was at once torn from the book and thrown on the floor, still wet, to stand its chance of being rendered undecipherable; the book finished was thrown into the waste paper basket, and Sir George, leaning over, gathered the accumulated litter of cheques lying on the floor in his hands, and with a few sundry ohakeo and pats reduced the bundle to a packet of more or less neat ' Hate paying bills — always do them this way ; saves time,' he said, by way of explanation. ' TTm,' replied his visitor, and do you never fill in the counterfoils and always throw away that part of the book ?' ' Bank Johnie always fills up pass book in his best copperplate, so what's ; the use of my keeping a separate ac count ?' he queried. . ' Well for the sake of comparison for . one thing, and ? ' ' Why, I know old Sir Henry inti mately, dine with him, smoke bis cigars ; fie could no more plunder a poor orphan than fly.' Tom Preston was a man of business, and he considered the careless way in which Sir G-eorge transacted it was some . what hopeless, thereupon he changed the . conversation with all despatch. ''I got your note this evening,' he said, by way of breaking the ice. ' And came along at once, like a good . fellow,' continued Sir George, as though he did not know perfectly well that Tom Preston would travel with pleasure from end to end of the kingdom at the behest of such a well-known man about town as he was. ' Well,' he continued, ' you are pro bably aware that the old Sir George in stead of leaving his property to me, as he had brought me up to believe that he would, thought fit to will it to various charities.' ??'I was awfully sorry,' began the other, wondering if he was about to be invited to make a loan. ' Thanks — well, you are also aware ? that ' Fearnought' funked the last fence at Aintree the other day ?' Preston nodded a nod of acquiescence. ' The combined reBult of the two disasters is that I am desirous of knowing what you will give me for the furniture, effects, and other appointmenta of the highly desirable bachelor's establishment know as G-eorge's Den.' ' You don't mean to say ? ' 'Quite, quite gravelled,' replied Bel lairs airily. ' Now gentlemen, what offers for this lot ? Nobody make a little bid?'- ' Say, Bellairs, I'm beastly sorry to hear this about you. Of course you can count on me with regard to these, but we'll have 'em properly valued,' and he nodded around nt the Lares and Penates of his host. ' But what on earth are you going CO uo wiCD vuiiratui » j^viuoui/iy giving up a bachelor establishment.' 'You're a good fellow, Preston, and I'm much obliged to you for taking the sticks off my hands. As for the future, I have an idea. I eaid to myself, ' George, you are no business man' ? ' ' You certainly are not,' Mr. PreBton acquiesced. 11 And you write a villainous hand, G-eorge,' continued Bellairs. ' There fore, you cannot become a clerk, and you haven't the capital to start a winQmei1 chant's business or the heart to foist your goods down the throats of your friends. If you took to cab-driving, your acquaintances would feel obliged to give halt'-a-crown instead of your legal shilling which would be cadging under another fornit They wouldn't accept you for the army, and you haven't got a sufficiently artistic eye to sweep a crossing properly. The only thing you do to rights is to dress yourself as well, if not better, than anyone else in town, and the only valu able information you possess relates to the ways and habits of decent society, and the individual who combines these two precious attributes cannot fail to make a first class valet. Think, my friend ? ' ' Great Scott, I* cannot think— you— you a valet ; why on earth don't you get married rather?' queried the astounded Thomas. ' My dear fellow, I'd rather be a valet than marry for monoy any day. I don't believe my man has a bit of a bad time ; lives like a fighting-cock and all expenses are paid. I have always lived pretty economically myself, bufc I'm sure my palet, rates and taxes, food and cloth ing, travelling expenses, embracing railway fares, tips to servants and hotel bills, run rno into well over a thousand, with other little odds and ends. Now, my man Jim enjoys all the advantages of free board, lodging and clo.hlng, together with an immunity of tips except the receiving of them, and over and above thed all receives his wages — considering all things, in my opinion, he ought to contribute towards the State a sum represented by la. 6d. in the £- on an annual income of at least 1000 guineas. Servants don't know how well off they are uuless they have been masters, otherwise their gratitude would be over whelming — as mine will be.' ' 'But seriously, Bellairs, what do you' — — expostulated Preston. ' My dear follow, I'm as serious as — as anything,' responded Sir George blithely. ' If I applied for the post of sub under deputy secretary to any of my friends, I should, if I got the situation, be simply living on their charity ; now as valet to a man who do&s; not know the ropes as well as I do — well, I should give him a jolly good quid pro quo. I shall take the greatest interest in my man, and it won't be my fault if he doesn't fairly bristle with savoir faire.' ' But, dash it all, man,' said Preston despairingly. ' How about your friends — you might have to stay at their houses and all that?' ' They'll have to put up with that, and if they meet me anywhere about I shall expect them to smile pleasantly and Bay, ' Morning Bellairs, pleasant — or 'disgust ing,' as the case may be — weather, ain't it ?' and I'll do the rest. Bless you, I know better than to make things uncomfortable ; I should get the sack, you know, if people stopped inviting my man because they were afraid of meeting me. Don't you make any mistake. Cabby knows his tare.' Sir George passed a silver box towards his visitor. ' Have one of. your own cigars,' he said cheerily. II. The many acquaintances of Ballairs only laughed when they first heard of the freak from PreBton, who had been requested by his friend to spread the nows and save him the awkwardness of imparting it himself, and they chaffed him unmercifully on being so successfully ' spoofed ' by his principal in the affair. As time went on, and Bellairs was nowhere seen in his usual hannjs, various reports were circulated concerning his absence from his club and his circle ; by some it was said that he had gone abroad, others smiled knowingly, aware of nothing and being without sufficient imagination to invent anything plausible, it was left to the Hon. 'William Dunerrock to unravel tho mystery, which ho did accidentally or it *TTrtnlrl -nawnv 'harm Tiqoti i^nnn i*f. fill TTfl entered the club hurriedly and ordered a sherry -and-bitters. 'Hallo, Willy ! seen a ghost or been motored?' queried a friend. ' Ghost,' replied the gentleman ad dressed. 'Just went round to see Bellairs —door opened by Bellairs himself. ' Hallo, Georgio,' said I. ? Eun you to oarth.' ' A very fine morning indeed,' he replied. ' Please step this way.' Ha then opened the door of his den, allowed me to walk in, and said, ? Mr. Dunnerock' — just liko that, and I found myself facing that bounder Preston. ' HI I' I said, but I'm blessed if the door wasn't shut ; and if Preston didn't look as if he were on the point of tears. Well, I said a few things to Preston to let him know what I thought of it, and bless my soul if 1 over thought thero was so much good in the little brute aa what I do now { ' What could I do he asked V I offered him a shop with nothing to do in the city, and he wouldn't have it because there was nothing to do. I gave him a commision with plenty to do in South Africa ; he wouldn't; accept it because he didn't know the rop6a, and knew he would only drop money fur me. I knew that too, but I didn't care — decenb of him to say that, wasn't it ? Next I proposed I should lend him something. Wouldn't touch a loan on the ground that he had no prospect of repaying it and no securitv to offer. Said I would risk it ; and he replied he couldn't accept a gift of money. Then I suggested that he should join me in a real good thing in mines. Same old exeuae — couldn't pay if he lost. Told him he couldn't lose \ but it was no good. Then he said if I wouldn't take him on he'd go to Halifax — of Halifax and Timperley of the Kaffir Market — and so, rather than that should happen, I said he could come on, making a proviso that every time he called me ' Sir ' I'd put another tenner on his wages. He did it twice, and I paid him on the nail to show I was in earnest, and he's not done it again.' Then the poor little beggar told me how he took to staying out late bo as to miss meet ing Bellairs, but found that Bellairs waited up for him to see if he required anything, so he simply chucked that and goes to bed about 10, so that Bellairs can consider him self free. I can tell you, to aoe that poos1 little bounder with a week-old beard — he's told Ballairs bis doctor has ordered him to grow one because of his weak chest, but it's all because he got to know that George was learning bow to shave a man, and he simply won't allow Bellairs to touch him — well, it's downright pathetic.' When Lady Laleham. heard from her husband that he had invited Mr. Preston to stay at Laleham- house she was con siderably upset. ' You know hell bring George with him,' she said. ' CaDnot be helped, he's got to come — he's the man of the moment, and times are too bad to throw good opportunities away,' replied her husband. 'He shall have the Blue-room, with the librarv to have his meals in.' eontinned the lady. ' A rough diamond, certainly ; bufc not as bad as all that,' said her husband depre catingly. ' I am referring to Sir George,' snapped her ladyship, rapidly turning over the pages of her engagement book. ' Thank goodness it will be practically a family party, with the exception of your Preston and Selina Van Hyde, and he has met her before.' Lord Laleham talked of many things, but on putting a qu«ry to his wife the only answer he received was, ' Yes, he has met her before.' Lady Laleham was perfectly correct, Sir George Bellairs and Mrs. Van Hyde had indeed met before — the Cunarder that bore them both to England from the States hod barely dropped Sandy Hook out of sight when a roll of the vessel caused Mrs. Van Hyde to drop into Sir George's arms as he ascended the stairs to get upon the roof — ifc is ridiculous to apply nautical tarms to those great floating palaces. The passage was a uau uue, auu me numoer oi passen gers sufficiently seaworthy to contribute to each other's amusement very small, so the rolling vessel not only did great damage to the crockery by throwing ifc about, but also threw Mrs. Van Hyde into the society of Sir George Bellairs with resultant damage to his heart. Indeed, upon discovering that the lady was a widow — ho had already learned that she was particularly charming — ho had proposed to her — ia a coupe as they rattled down to town — and had stepped out at Willesden a rejected man. Bufc Lady Laleham didn't know that. III. When Mrs. Van Hyde entered the lib rary at Laleham House, she found Sir George Bellairs seated before the fire read ing, but he immediately rose, bowed, and was about to retire, when she stopped him. ' Sir George,' she said, ' have you chosen to forget me — or shall we shake hands ?' ' No, madam, I have not forgotten you. but the change that has occurred in my locus stanch since we last met precludes any social intercourse approaching— — ' ' What rubbish ! Do sit down. I want to talk' to you,' said Mrs. Van Hyde, with just the least sign of petulance. ' In obedience to your wishes, madam,' he replied quietly. ' I understand that your agreoment with Mr. Preston contains a clause concerning your mode of addressing him, which clause, I understood, extended also to his friends,' eaid Mrs. Van Hyde. ' I did not read It that way, Mrs. Van Hyde, bufc if you insist ? ' ' I do. Now, why haven't you been to ?- call on me since I settled In town ? It waa hardly friendly of you, after our very pleasant acquaintance, to drop me alto gether, as you have done,' she continued*. 'After what occurred— —' began Sir George, ' You mean in the train — well, you don'fe lo.ok at it in She same light aa I do. When someone says to you, ' Will you come out for a drive with me this afternoon ?' and you reply in the negative, wouldn't you be rather surprised if your former friend in continently dropped you ?' ' My dear Mro. Van Hyde, you put the - - question on an entirely differer.fc footing to the real facts as they are. I asked you to marry me ? ' ' You did so,' interrupted Mrs. Van Hyde, pleasantly. ' Er — well, I did ask you to marry me, and you replied in the negative ; thereupon there arose a certain delicacy in the posi tion which could only be met by my studiously avoiding any chance of our meeting. In the case you quote the ques tion of a drive is of little moment, it can be repeated ? ' ' And in like manner,' Mrs. Van Hyde remarked sweetly, ' a proposal can be re peated — — ' ' I was about to add ? and be accepted,'' continued Sir George. 'And I——' began Mrs. Van Hyde, uuo awo guu uu xuiuuoij UDUttuog av ullau moment the door again opened, and Mr. Preston walking in, Sir George rose and solemnly left the apartment. 'Stupid marj,' said Mrs. Van Hyde angrily. ' Oh ! I don't mean you, Mr. Preston, I mean that idiot, Sir George.' Mr. Preston looked relieved. 'Do you know, I believe you are right,' he said. 'I really believe he is an idiot. The other day, in the hopes of doing him a good turn, I told my legal adviser to ferret; round and see if nothing could be done to put Sir George on his feet again. I can tell yen, Mrs. Van Hyde, I shall be glad to get fid of him ; he's wearing me to a Qhadow. xou aoa t unow wnac it s nice on 'Uhange for me when there's a bit of a slack time. We'll, I get a letter from Sly and Cute, saying that the estate of Bellairs Manor is altogether unencumbered in the way of mortgages, and that it is worth quite a thousand a year. I taxed Sir George with this, and I'm blessed if he didn't say that in 10 years he hoped to have paid off all his debts and be in a position to live as he had been accustomed to in the past. Well, I was ready to implore him on my knees to be peasonable, had it not been for the terms of our agreement, in which ifc is stated ' that the delinquent in the case of any ' departure from any of the ordinary laws governing the relations between master and servant should have to receive from tho ofiended the Bum of £10 for each offence, with certain exceptions mentioned in clauses seven and eight.' It's very try ing, Mrs. Van Hyde — very trying.' Mrs Van Hyde agreed with him heartily. 'To think, she said to herself, ' that he won't understand that when he proposed I had not been a widow a year, and that I hadn't enjoyed a giDgle London season without any restriction matrimonial, and that I waB accustomed to be proposed to several times by the same person — oh, it s too trying i Some days later Mrs Van Hyde rang the boudoir bell. She had been unfolding her plans to Lady Laleham, and that most pleasant hostess had kissed her — which was indeed a pleasure, for Mrs. Van Hyde enjoyed a very fair share of American beauty — and had told her to do exactly what she thought fit. ' Send Sir George Bellairs to mo,' she said, when the footman came in obedience to her summons. The man vanished, and in bis place, in the course of a few '.' minutes, stood Sir George. And Mrs. Van Hyde let him stand. ' I am going back to London this after noon, Sir George,' she said. ' Indeed— I had not heard of it,' he re plied, lingering his white tie somewhat nervously. 'I had only just come to the decision., to which your presence here in your pre sent guise has contributed much,' she con tinued pomewhat bitterly. ' Please accept my apologies, and don't. . let ma drive you away. As a matter of fact, my month with Mr. Preston is up this evening, and ha has had the kindness to forego the customary mouth's notice ? indeed, I am going up to town myself to night,' Sir George replied quietly. ' My arrangements are unalterable, thank you. Bufc with regard tr- yourself. When you amve in town are you ? ?' 'Going into service again? That de* pende ? ' -, ^?A month's character is not of very -? much use,' she interpolated, musingly. ?'f. i; By the way, Sir George, will you kindly ,v tell Thorne that I shall want a carriage to take me to the station for the 4 30 ospress? Thank you and will you ' — she felt in her ,; purse — 'accept; a small douceur for your '.'., trouble?' ; ' Good heavens ! no,' replied Sir George angrily. ' I understood yoa wished to be treated according 60 the usual practice in your . fidoptei sphere. I always make a slight present in return for any trouble I gave to ,mj friends' servants'.' Sir George Bellaira bit his lip. ' I am much obliged, Mrs. Van Hyde.' he said, somewhat paling as ho held out his hand. Mrs. Van Hyde placed her empty hand in Sir George's, and looked him in the eyes — for a moment. IV. ' Hotel Geisebaeh, Brientz. ' August 24, 189G. ' Dear Kenavon, — Many thanks for your note ? -Jind the cheque you enclosed ; it is very good of . r. 'you taking your defeat so well and saying that I deserved to win; frankly, I almost lost the t._ wager on tha very stroke of time, and there '???'?we're several occasions during the month when I almost chucked the whole; thing up and said it / was all a bet, bat I managed to holdout some :. '.'bow. To start with, you see Preston ip such a ''?'. thoroughly 'good-hearted little gentleman that I \- '-; felt very bad about deceiving him, because he :_ - ': took everything to heart so ; and then there v^as my wife, who rofuaed to speak to me for full ~ ... fivo minutes when I confessed the truth about '^ the bet — before she was my wife. It was a -'very near touch-and- go, I can assure 'you. Lady Bellaira is enjoying Switzerland Ira meneely, although it is so overrun with ezcur ? BioniatB ; but, you see, she has to enjoy it, or : 'aay aha does, because she insisted on coming ?here. We are going for a short visit to the ? ..I 'States to Bee her people, and ohall then settle in .London, where we hope to see much of you — '. —Yours, &c;, Qeobge Bellajbs ' 