NEWS AND NOTES. JOHN S. FJECTOB, Hairdresser, Tobacconist and News Agent, Victoria Street, has been appointed Sole Agent for MeBBrs Gordon and tfotch, Intercolonial Papers, Comics, Periodi cals, Magazines, eto.-[Advt.] The Bnnbniy Pharmacy is kept replete with an up-to-date stock of finest drags, ohemioalH, proprietary medicines, new medical remedies, druggists' enn dries and snrgioal appliances of every description, Imported direct. Jno. H. Can, Dispensing Chemist j and Dentist, Viotoria Street, Bnnbury. UNION- BASK OF AUSTRALIA.-At j the last half-yearly meeting of this j institution, held in London on July 23 last, the chairman announced that the directors had decided that the whole of the reserve fund of£800,000 should be invested in Consols and Imperial Government stock, to be kept quite separate from the business of the bank, and registered in the name of its trustees. MASONIC HALL. - We understand that an order has baen sent home to the brother of one of oar leadiog townsmen to make arrangements with the Brinsmead's, the famous pianoforte makers in London, for the purchase of one of their best concert pianoB for the trustees of tfce Busbary Masonic Hall. Tbie is indeed goo'd news, and the public of Bunbury will appreciate this Masonic action, whilst the vocalists and instrumentalists who have to use the piano will rejoice. "WELLINGTON AGBICULTPBAL AND PABTOHAL SOCIETY.-In reply to a wire from Mr W. S. Hales, secretary of the abovenamed society, Mr A. K. Fries, hon secretary of the Sussex Agricultural Society, has telegraphed the information that the BuSselton Show will be held on Friday, Novem ber 30. It has therefore been decided to fix the date of the Wellington Society's Show for Wednesday, No vember 21. DRUNKS.-The E.M. (Mr W. H. Timperley) presided at the Police Court yesterday and to-day. On Friday, Wm McCarthy, who had imbibed too freely of " barley- bree " and had fallen into the hands of P.c Woods, pleaded guilty to having been drunk in Vic toria street. He was fined 5s. This morning Joseph Bice was charged with being drunk. In reply to a request; as to how he desired to plead, he said, " I don't remember being drank, I don't. I was not drank when I came here." P.c Wood said that he found the man lying drunk under the verandah of Gordon's Hotel. Sergeant Kelso said that on the 1st July, 1900, the accused came out of gaol after serving six months for vagrancy, He was sent inside for seven days' bard labour. A Resebve-The Lands Depart, client has set aside as a public reserve 2 roods and 22 perches at Donnybrook for a Pound. Wesletan BAND OF HOPE. - We would remind those interested that the monthly meeting of the Wesley an Band of Hope will be held in the church, Stirling Street, on Monday night next. An excellent programme has been arranged. CHEAP DRAPEEY. - An announce ment in another column intimates to the public that Mr R. Clements has purchased the entire stock of Drapery, etc., belonging to Messrs John Clark and Co., of Victoria Street. The goods have all been marked down to exceptionally low prices, and many bargains may be obtained. It is also announced that a new stock of special lines will also bo opened up which will be disposed of at " panic prices." Return- ofDb.Lovgeove-Among the arrivals in tbe G.M.S. Willehad at Fremantle on Thursday last, was Dr T H Lo/egrove, the principal medical officer of the colony, who has been on a 15-tnonthe' trip to England. Dr Ii jvegrove, who looks mucb better for his holiday, was met by a large number of his friends, to whom be ex pressed his pleasure at being back in Western Australia. He was accom panied fav Mrs L>vegrove and family, but, Ui f jitonately, Miss Enid Love grove haB been laid up on the voyage with an attack of rheumatism. Esterpbise.-Mr J S Pryor has in'ti t d an Artists'Olub in connfcti>n with his stationery business ia Vic toria Street. By this means ladies and gentlemen who paint will be able to obtain the loan of excellent subjects on payment of a reasonable fee, the models to be returned when done with. The collection includes some really beautiful works of arr, and compnoee many charming landscapes, floral groupings, paneta, etc. Already there is a rush of artistes to join the eiub. Arrangements have also been made by Mr. J. S. Pryor to Btart a magazine club in connection with the escalating library. Nothing succeeds like suc cess. GORDON'S HOTEL -The following is the list of visitors at Gordon's Hotel for the *eek ending 1st inst: Mr and Mrs Crow and son, M«"and Mrs Smith, Mrs Fookes, Messrs, Dorman, G E Willey, Morgan, Gor don, F V Persse, A Goode, F Wilson, Bnshel', Gore, Smith, J R Oamfbell, Pelumbo, D E Brown, A Bragg, and J Thompson. LETT eh FROM THE WAR.-We have received from Mr G C Rose, J.P., of Parkfield, a copy of an interesting diary which has been kept by his brother, Major Hose, of the West Australian Imperial Mounted Infantry, since his arrival in South Africa. Unfortunate ly, we are unable to publish it in this issue but will do so in our next. Bunbdbt BACE OLUB.-A special meeting of the committee of the Bun bury Race Club waB held in " Tatter sail's" (Rosa Hotel) last night. There was a good attendance, and the chair was occupied by Dr E M Williams. In order to increase tbe strength and working capacity of the committee, Messrs Hardman, Meagher, and Howe were elected members of it. It being announced that the Agricul tural Society was to hold its show on November 21st, it was decided to hold the race meeting on the following day, November 22. A lengthy discussion followed as to the class of programme to be drawn up. It waB pointed out that the establishment of the Canning Park and Helena Vale racing clubs provided the metropolitan - owned sportsmen and horseowners with a race meeting nearly once a' week. The result was that no matter what inducements the club offered only local horses were entered. It was therefore decided to make the pro gramme one that would appeal to the local public, and the idea is certainly a good one. The following programme was drawn up;-Maiden Plate, a handicap of five furlongs, £8 and £2; Novelty Race, minimum weight list., £5, £2, £1, walk a mile, trot a mile, and gallop a mile; Publican's Purse, £15, second horse £3 out of stake?, handicap, for horses that have never beeu nominated for stakes of ' the value of £50 or over; Troopers' i Bace, handicap, d£8 and £2; Jumping Prize, £5 and £2; Tandem Rice, £2 and £1; Cigar and Umbrella Kace, £2 and £1. Messrs F. Wood, F. Venn, and E. Rhoades were elected members of the club. Mr Moore intimated that he bad hardly sufficient time to attend to ail tbe duties ol Secretary, so the committee unani mously appointed Mr Uardman to act as Joint Secretary with Mr Moore. A PopELA.R Pbeacheb.-There is no more popular preacher in this colony than the Kev G E Wheatley, of the Wesley Church, Fremantle. A I broad- minded, energetic mac, he is a favourite with all sections of the ! community and respected by members I of all denominations. He is a pleasing j and instructive lecturer and a forcible preacher. Mr Wheatley carries his audience with him, and rivets their attention from-first to last. He re lieves tbe tedium of dry discourse with bright flashes of humour and witty anecdotes. Thia able preacher will visit Bunbury next week in connection with the anniversary services of the Wesleyan Church. On Monday, September 10, Mr Wheatley will deliver bis popular lecture entitled " Kings of Laughter," whilst the subject of a lecturette to be given at tbe cburch drawing-room entertainment, to be held in the Masonic Hall on Wednesday, 12th inst,, is the quaint one of " Ghosts." Mr Wheatley b&s; not addressed the public in Bunbury before, anJ no one should miss the opportunity of hear ing this popular preacher on popular 