" MORNING POST." "Neither by fear nor by favor, but bj Truth alone." Cairns, Saturday, March 24, 1900. NOTES & NOTICES. Th& Cairns Patriotic Fund now stands at ox-cr £250, and farther amounts have still to come in. The local business premises of Messrs Barns, Philp and Co, will be closed during the whole bf Wednesday next, for pnrposes bf stock- taking. For the future 5s will be charged for admis- sion to the saddling paddock at the Mr'grave. Racecourse, such iee to entitle persons to ad- mission to the lawn and grand stand. Mr Harold Hannam, who (or many years has been articled to Messrs Milford Hobbs and MacDonnell, Cairns, has been notified that he lias passed hisinteimediate examination j as a solicitor. Messrs Dalgety & Co., Ltd.. Towns\31e, repor.t under date 20th March:-"Our London office wires under date of 17th inst, as follows-'The wool sales continue firm and prices are rather higher.' " A private letter received from Mr Forsyth, l.V^.A., on Parliamentary business, says that his next big fight will be for the íícrman Cloncurry railway. He is determined to do his utmost to get it through, and is working at the business all the time. The old floating powder magazine in the «fltt-'WWWlftrilIrtMlt;^ be erected at Stratford, in which space -«rill be provided for storing 4000 or 5000 cases of explosives. A siding on the Mareeba railway line Mill be constructed to ran close to-thé »cw magazine. '/; ; The following programme has been de- cided upon for the Queen's Birthday meeting o "the Mulgrave Jockey Club:-Brush Hur- dles of £14, Flying Handicap bf ,¿18, Handi- cap Hack Race cf £10, Birthday Cup of £30, Handicap Trot of ¿5; District Plate of /io, and Flutter Handicap of £12. - -: Mr Mat Reid has telgraphed from Charle- ville denying the accusatory telegram recently published, which charged him; with making use of disloyal utterance;- Mr Reid ex- plains that he said , the' British constitution was the freest upon earth, and pointed out kow thc people m the past bad to fight to make it sol At JIaytown last week Warden Ogilvie, of Cooktown, dismissed the objection of the origi«al holder.of the Mount Buchanan - G0I8 mining show because his right had expired last December, and accepted and recommended thc granting of a new lease for 25 acres. . Mt Bucha- nan is a big Sad about 70 miles from May- town and is le be worked by the -Melbourne Mil wraith McEachem crowd. Thus the Aduncate.-"Owing to the satisfactory nature of reports from up- country the directors of the Advocate have decided to ask the shareholders to inmate the capital of the company, so as to be able to allot shares which are being applied for."- According: to j the company** balance sheet; at the end of last February there were 193unaUoted shares. 1 The directors of the defunct Times asked its 1 shareholder» lo increase the share capital, and I they promptly resoonded by putting the coo- j i psay into liquidation. Can it be that-? j There are now 88 consumers on the books of the Cairns Gas Co, and the consumption of coal is 16 tons per month. A lon of coal averages 10,500 feet of gas and from the same quantity 15 gallons of tar and 16 gallons of crude liquid ammsnia are obtained. . Mi A. C'rosscy had to suddenly leave for Townsville on Wednesday last and \>-as unable to reply to thc Mr J. T. Bulcock's letter in last issue of the Advocate. When lie comes back he promises to submit absolute proofs that his statements contained in his letter to last Sal urda\'s Post are correct. Mr«Hugh Dempster, General Manager of the Cuprite Tin Coy, Watsonville, arrived in town on Thursday morning en route to Cook- town, from which place he will take the next southern boat for Melbourne, where he will confer with his directors regarding future work on the Company's valuable properties. A patriotic demonstration took place at St Lawrence (Broadsound) a couple of weeks ago, the net results ol-which totalled £64. St Lawrence has a population of 200, all told, yet Cairns, with its population of, between 2000 and 3000 could only raise ¿Si as the result of the day's demonstration. Mr J. Morgan, caretaker of the botanical gardens at Edge Hill, died on Sunday, last from the effects of a fall which took place some time ago. He was highly respected throughout the district. He leaves a wife and a young family to mourn their loss. Thus the Cairns Argus :-" Colonel (who happens to be a Major-General) Prettyman, the Governor of Bloemfontein, is massing the Boers at Warrenhep. " ( Warrenton, on the Vaal River.) Fancy a British general at B'oemfontein massing Boer troops at a. place about 100 miles away. Mr and Mrs Maclurcan, late of the Queens Hotel Townsville (says the Townsville Bul- letin) have bought the Empire Hotel at the corner of Pitt and Hunter-streets, Sydney. They enter into possession in October. This doesn't look as if Mr Maclurcan meant to go on with the Cairns hotel venture as reported some time back. On 18th instant a meetingof the Committee of the Nelson School of Arts, was held for the purpose of choosing a site for the proposed library building. Mr Maher moved and Mr Gillick seconded that if. Mrs Fumeyvale's building could be obtained for £80 that it be pu chased, bat an amendment by Mr Hill seconded by Mr Swan that a building be erected upon the si e granted, by the Govern n ent was carried. By the will of the late General Wauchope, a well .known Cairns gentleman-the Hon Edward De Moleyns-will eventually benefit to the extent of an estate worth £5,000 per year. The money is at the disposal of the General's widow during lier life-time, after which Mr De Moleyns (who is not the eldest nephew of the late General, as erroneously stated by some of our southern con temporaries) drops in for his uncle's money. The Hon R. De Moleyns left Cairns yester- day for New Guinea, where he goes for the pur- pose of inspecting conditions of settlement there. Mr De Moleyns fully recogí'ses that it is only a question or a few years before New Guinea is a flourishing colony, and in the meantime he and his brother, the Hon E. De Moleyns, will probably acquire an area of land suitable for sugar-cane or coffee culture; For of such are the Kingdom of Britain. The Mulgrave Jockey Club, ever on the move in the direction of improvements, has decided to carry out the following work on their racecourse at once:-Erection of a stable at the back of the saddling paddock, flooring the tota sator booth, and painting the whole of the fences and -buildings with Sevetin's patent composition. The esti- mated cost of these improvements is ¿36 2s. It has been decided to erect a second hotel booth outside of the saddling paddock, at. a distance of 70ft from the main booth. We unders and that Acting Sergeant W. Scully, Corporals B. J. Barker and H. Fen- wick, and Acting Corporal H. McCulloch have past the qualifying examination for Sergeant, and will be promoted accordingly. The promotion of these non-commissioned officers will create vacancies for two Corporals, and three Acting Corporals. An examination of candidates to fiU the^vacanci**. will^be held Corps at S p.m. on Thursday the 291h instant This examination is open to any member of the Corps. . . . The Advocate is so terribly anti-British over the Boer war, that its malice leaks o it on every possible occasion. It sneers ami jibes at the splendid Patriotic Demonstrate m held on Thursday 15th inst-a deuiuiiatraliott which had for its object the helping of the widows and orphans of Queenslanders who may be killed during the war with the Boers. It is no wonder that even its own crowd can stand it no longer and are saying so openly all over the town. The Advocate is trying very hard to commit suicide and hasn't brains enough to realise the truth ot the adage, "children and fools should not play with edged tools." About loo persons attended the dance in Olen's hall, given by Mr Olen, on the even- ing of St. Patrick's Day. Messrs Victor and Ernest Olen supplied the music, and Mr W. Hancock acted as &I.C.; About 20 dances were gone through, and in the evening songs and recitations were given. Miss Mary Col- linson sang " Love's Old Sweet Song," and, in response to an encore gave " The Fisher- man and His Child." Among the other vocalists were Messrs "W. Griffin,. South and J. Meehan. The dance did not finish until the small hours of the morning, and everyone present voted it one of the jolliest which has been held at the Mulgrave. In a recent letter to the Cape Times, one of the troopers at the Iront gives a graphic account of Boer treachery and cruelty. He says: "When Capt de Rougemont was shot, a doctor of the Hussars named Renton, got off his horse to attend to him. While thus engaged, with the Red Cross flag flying over him, Boers approached to within a hundred yards and fired a volley, shooting the doctor through the stomach. The Boers then took evcrylhînï of value off both the doctor and de Rougemonf, including the former's silver spurs, and then went away, bidding the doctor "good-bye." These two poor fellows were left ont on the veldt in a bitterly cold night. The doctor crawled or walked forabout a mile with a bullet through his stomach, and sought shelter in a Kaffir hut, where our picket found him the next morning. The ambulance was fetched, and he, together with de Rougemont, was taken into C3mp, where the latter «lied. Deeds like this make our men feel very bitter,', and it »ill go hard with the Boers 'when our soldiers get amongst them. " . " .- ."" * The Argus snorts and feels, hurt because" the MORNING POST has hot "said anything "at all about its new issue. . Well, we will get to work before it is quite too late.' TI ? Çairns Argus is the best edited ahd; largest news- paper in the world, and curies,with it more influence upon the nations than any other, journal, with perhaps the exception of the London Times. Ls telegraphic news is sim-^ ply wonderful-yes, wonderful is the on'y^ word that will describe " it. The literary polish of : its ; leaders is such as to dwarf Macaulay, and to cause the ghosts of Carlyle, Sheridan, Addison and John- son to turn green with envy as they note the" rounded periods and graceful what- you may-call-ems. Its Police Court news is a re- velation to the solicitors, the magistrate, and the other - parties concerned. Its reading staff has been selected with a care that makes I it impossible for more than "Ooo errors to : creep into, any one issue, and its local news; ' served up- as bons bouches garnished with sds»ors, and: swimming, in paste makes the literary gourmet compare himself to a pig nosing for truffles in a granite quarry. The proprietary is so generous and large-hearted thit it. .evidently supplies Its -war - corres- pondent in the Transvaal with unlimited money. At least this is the only explanation of the remarkable cables that are dished up in this distinguished journal. On no other hypothesis can the cables of the Argus be ex- plained, for no journalist could evolve such brilliant messages unless supplied with brain stimulant in. the' shape ot unlimited grog: How tfcen, having said something nice ail round aboutJbe paper, its proprietor, and its literary staft -we hope, the Argus will re- nové (tom this ungodly rag the weight of its displeasure. Cyclists are reminded that nominations for the principal events in connection with the Easter Carnival close with the Secretary, Mr H. E. Bolton, on Tuesday, 27th instant.' The services on Sunday next at St John's Church, Cairns, will be-11 a.m sermon and holy communion, preacher Rev D. C. Creigh- ton; 7.30 p.m., evensong and sermon, bv Rev A. Norton Ganeit, of St Thomas' Hughenden. . Mr H. T. Douglas leaves for Geraldton, via Townsville, to-night. He Anil act as arbitrator for Mr H. O'Hanlon, building contractor, in the matter in dispute with Dr Leavy. The arbitration hearing is set down for the 31st inst. ' Mr Martin, local manager of Howard Smith and Sons Proprietär}-, Ltd, informs us that the steamer Lass O'Gowrie has resumed her ( old run between Townsville and Port Doug- las, leaving Cairns for Port Douglas early every.Wednesday morning. The Post and Telegraph "Department has written to the Cairns Chamber of Commerce, stating that it would cost £8100 to construct a telegraph line between Cairns and Geraldton and that this sum is considered too big for the benefits which would be conferred. ' Space forbids a lengthy reference to a new industry. We refer to Messrs Scott- Bros.' latest enterprize, viz., the placing in the local market of their Spa Water. We have sampled it, and without doubt it is a capital Spa, and we have no hesitation in recommending it. Messrs E. Hunter and Co report haring sold on behalf of Mr C. Denford, the lease, goodwill and furniture of the Crown Hotel for the sum of £1400. Mr Jones is so well-ki own as the late landlord of the Family Hotel, Nelson, that, it is almost needless to state that he is bound to do well with his new venture. \- "ICubberdah" writes to the Courier as follows-As one who has seen something of the bubonic plague in 'he East, I should like to point out how local regulations fall short of those which were deemed necessary in India. I will pass over the rescinded offer to young children to monkey around with - dead and possibly diseased rats. Our local board is evidently now alive to this danger, but would it not be well to point out in red letters all over the town that it is dangerous to touch rats, cats, or dogs if the plague once gets here The " get cat " is the greatest daiger in the house. Past experience has shown that they did much to carry the disease into houses that would otherwise be perfectly free from risk of contagion. Another warning which will carry the approval of all who have lived in a plague stricken district is that one should never go abroad with an exposed cut or even scratch. Such should be always covered with plaster 01 a bandage. A fly may carry contagion from a dead rat to an open cut. 