Comic Cuttings. 'A sensible girl has no more us« for a freib young man than for one that Is stale. ' I feel for you deeply,' said the hungry man, probing about in the soup-bowl for ? stray oyster. ' I like to hear a baby cry,' said a crusty old bachelor. ' Why ?' ' Because then .tha little nuisance Is taken out ot the room.' Cnnainl(% /nnn t tm nn f nil i.\ ? (I TCF1...*. f« nml der than to have loved and lost 1' Henny peck (promptly) : 'To have loved and got h«r.' ?She: 'Is It true, darling,. that you gav« ?tb.e minister £3 for marrying us ?' He : ' Yes, but keep it to yourself. I was never so swindled in my life.' 'That dog certainly seems almost human at itimes,' said old Mr. Fussy. ' Yes,' said Mrs. Fussy, ' he growls over hla food quite as much as you do.' ' When I vlsR Blackpool in the summer t always pay a Visit to my old landlady.' ''?Well, I suppose It's only right that you should pay her something, old man.' He : ' What ? Is Mrs. Wedalof going to be led to the altar for .the third time 1' She: 'No. H'flhould fancy not. She ought to be able to find the way herself by this time.' Mrs. Cumso : ' Your husband dresses very quietly.' Mrs. 'Cawker : ' Does he ?' 'You ought .to hear him when toe can't find hU collar, or his sleeve-linka hppnrm** mlnlnlrt '' Mr. Brown : ' Good morning, Mr. Jones ; how's your wife?' Mr. Jones (who was deaf and didn't quite understand)': 'Very blustering and disagreeable again this morn ing.' ' Al splendid -stroke ! Did 'you follow the ball, caddie?' 'No, sir; but I think that gentleman with the red coat can tell where it struck. I see him a-rubbin' 'isself pretty much.' ' ? Ikey : ' Please, farder, give me a half penny for ice cream. I am so hot!' Father : ' Ikey, mein shon, dot is a vaist of money. I will tell you a flne ghost story dat will make your blood run cold.' Youuk Ladv : ' I can onlv be a sister to you— no more.' He : ' Thanks. That is very good of you. Have you spoken to your mothsr of it yet 7' Young Lady : 'Of what ?' He : ' My adoption !' ' 'Do you realise, young man,' said the parson, ' when you retire to rtet at night that you may be called before dawn?' ' Why, of course I do,' was .the response. 'I'm the father of a three-weeks-old baby.' Mrs. Motherly : ' Why Is It, George, that you have never' thought seriously of getting married?' George : 'fiTou misunderstand me, Mrs. Motherly. I have always thought of It so seriously that I am still a bachelor.'-' Jackson : ' How's your family ?' Johnr son: ''Pretty well, thank you !'. ' Any of your daughters married yet ?'' ' No ; and I can't understand' why they don't go oft. They use powder enough; goodness knows !' De Jones: ' I hear your firm discharged1 you.' Smyth? : ' Yes ; but. I wouldn't m.nd tha't so much IT they hadn't added .Insult to injury.' De Jones : ' How so ?' '' Sm-y'the : ''. ' They advertised for a boy to fill my place?' 'Pterfectly Serene : ' Ever quarrel with your wife?' 'No.' 'Have any trouble with your servants ?' ' No.' Children ?worry you ?' ' N-o.' ' Grtac Caesar, man! ?how's that ?' ' 'Ain't married ; live' by my self.' ' Enamoured Youth: ' Your father seems worried about something to-night.' Sweet Girl : ' Yes, poor pa has -so many business cares.' Little Brother: 'That isn't It. He's mad because the big dog he bought didn't come.' ??'-' A young man who knows all about it states that his experience has taught him that a flirt is a fool who delights in fooling girls, and the fool who is fooled by such a fool is the foolishest kind of a fool. He's been fooled badly. Pedestrian : ' So you want work, do you T TV-eH, you can get it by going to that factory over there. There is a placard on .the door saying there Is work for both sexes.' Tramp: 'Sorry, sir ; but tha't * don-t help me. I be- ' ? long only to one sex.' 'Goodness! We shall miss the first act,' she said impatiently. ' We've been waiting a good many minutes for that mother of mine.' ...' Hours, I should say,' ha replied somewhat acrimoniously. 'Ours?' cried she, rapturously. 'Oh, George, this is so sudden !' Then she fell upon his neck, Mrs. Smith (thoughtfully) : ' I'm afraid I shall have to stop giving Bobby that tonic the doctor left him.' Mr. Smith (anxious ly) : ' Why, isn't he any better ?' ' Mrs. Smith : ' Oh, yes ! But he has slid down - the banisters six times this morning, broken the ball-lamp, two vases, a jug, and a looking glass, and I don't feel as If I could stand much more.' Captain Manan, the first American Peace Commissioner to arrive in New York on his return from The Hague, was met by the usual army of interviewers. But Mrs.' Mahan stepped forward, and said to the re porters, ' I think you might let me talk to the captain a little while now. I have not seen him for five or six months, and ? ' Wonderful to relate, the American Prossmen at once withdrew. 