. WHERE JiHOSTS WALK. SOME STRANGE STOEIES. The remarkable story of the apparition at Berry Pomeroy Caatle, near Totnes (writes Edmund P. Ball, in the Eoyal Magazine) appears to be authentic,- and is well known ia the West of England. The legend runs that in tha latter part of tbe last century Dr Walter Farquhar, who was then at Torquay, was called to the castle to attend the steward's wife. On his arrival he was shown into a room on tbe gronnd floor, and he grew impatient, and arose to question a iemaie wno naa openea a siae door and was walking across the room. His surprise, however, was great when he noticed her manner and garb. She was dressed in rich attire, but in an absolutely out-of-date cu3tume, and wrung her hands in a pitiful manner — her face evinc ing signs of great distress. She walked to the flight of oak stairs, and, quickening her pace, disappeared. At that moment the steward entered the room, and announced that his wife was ready to see him. Dr. Farquhar found his patient dangerously ill, and he was so much engrossed with the case that he forgot, ere he left the building, to question the steward as to the young lady in the curious dress he had seen. On the following day be found his patient much improved, and remembered to ask the steward about the mysterious young lady. As the doctor recounted his experience the poor fellow showed unmis takable signs of fear and trembling, and told the doctor that now he was sure his wife would soon die, as the spectre was the spirit of a daughter of an early owner ol the Castle, who had murdered her child, and had since appeared as an omen fore telling the death of an inmate. Dr. Far quhar quickly gave the steward ever? assurance of his wife's turn for the better, and that he thought she would continue to improve it, but the credulous old steward would not hear of it. The nest day the doctor called at the Castle, and was astounded to find his patient had died soon after he left the place the preceding day. The moBt strange part of the story is to come. After an interval of several years, Dr. Farquharson was well known in London as Sir Walter Farquharson (1796), and could count among his clients and friends certain members of nobility and royalty. One day a lady came to him saying her sister was ill, and appeared to be wanting away, and that on being ques tioned she was most emphatic in saying she saw a ghost when visiting in Devon shire some weeks before, which had left such an impression upon her that do what she would she could not shake it off The lady further said that the spectre ap peared at Berry Pomeroy Castle, at which Sir Walter started, and told his experi ences, and requested to see the young lady immediately, whom he found suffer ing as described. The poor girl appeared greatly relieved to be speaking to some one who had shared her uncomfortable experience, and, ifc may be added, soon recovered her usual health. Sykes Lumb Farm, near Blackburn, Lancashire, has a well known reputation for being haunted. The house itself is a very primitive dwelling, built oi large, roughly hewn blocks of coarse limestone, having a lonely situation in a secluded dell by the banks of the Meller Brook. Several parties have asserted that they have seen an old wrinklad woman pass along the road which led to the Lumb, but were so afraid that they never dared to question her. It came to pass that a young farmer occupied the premises, and on seeing the ' ghost ' one night beneath an old apple tree in the orchard he accosted it, when 6he pointed to the ground. The young man dug, and soon came upon a number of oarthenware jars containing ancient gold and silver coinsof hundreds of pounds value. After this night it is said the old dame has not troubled the country folk so much. Heath Old H«)l, nour Wakefield, York shire, also has its gho?t. This mansion is a splendid pile of the Elizibetbean pe'iucl, .??::9. .-. ? ' ??:-.'., and the windows were formerly emblazoned with the arms of some of fehe chief of Eng land's nobility. In 1593 William Witham, who was in possession, was suddenly taken ill and died. A later owner of »the Hall was a sister of Witham 's — Lady Mary Bolles — a strong-minded woman, who was locally known as ' Old Mother Hubbard,' and who, it is recorded, died in 1662 at the age of 83. Tradition says ibis lady's spirit still haunts the placed Her favorite spot seems to be the old banqueting hall, where she has been seen to glide along in a most mysterious fashion. This ghost is also reported to have walked in Heath Grove; but was afterwards coDJured down into a hole of the river, which is even to this day known as ' Bollee' Pit.' There is a strange story of the super- ^ natural in connection with Hackwood house, an old mansion near Basingstoke, in the shape of the ghost of a young lady, said to have been murdered there. She was sepn soon after the house was pur- : chased by Lord Bolton himself and two of bis friends. The ghost of Barbara Villiere, Duchess of Cleveland, is said to haunt Walpole-house, Chiswick Mall, and her spirit appears at short intervals at a bed room window in the upper part of the house, wringing its hands and beseeching some unknown person to ' Give her back her lost beauty.' A contractor named Henry Cafe has been run over by a heavy dray at Wilbertree, near Mudgee, and killed. The directors of Mount Drysdale mine ? have offered a reward for the conviction of persons stealing rich specimens from the mine. 