PERSONATiTTT"E« . t j Gladstone was president of P the Eton Debating Society — and according to one of his schoolmates — who could hardly have realised the pun he was perpetrating — was very popular in that capacity. He was a splendid speaker, a brilliant fives player, and a very useful cricketer — in fact, he was really a good all-round man. 5 The Prince of Wales occasionally played cricket at Cambridge when he was there but the only formal match he ever took part in was between 1 Zingari and the Gentlemen of Norfolk, at Sandringham. The Prince went in first—and went out urst, for cricket balls have not the least respect for royalty, and he was bowled urst ball. However, he was on the win ning side, the Zingari. Lord Jersey was a splendid runner when he was a boy, and won the mile at Eton in 18G2. Ho was a good football player, but was delicate, and once at theCojp" ! was so ill that his life was despaired of' The Earl of Dudley must be one of ft 3 wealthiest noblemen iu the kingdom, p " owns about 26,000 acres, and his rent-mu is estimated at £123,000. But this bv E means represents the real wealth of « Wards, for the'Eati is a great mine own/ and'ironmaster in; the Midlands. Dudley has estates in Worcestershire Staffordshire, Merionethshire, and burgshire. x The Queen .of the Netherlands has - decided fondness for pretty clothes i large assortment of dress goods was ajjfc to the palace the other day, aa(j mother proceeded to choose for the QuetV some alpaca and plain material; bii"11 Qneen Wilhelmina flatly refused to'abiA by tho selection, and chose figured silkP and brilliant dress materials, even f morning wear. She said that her lout parent might make use of the plain sfcat if she liked them, but she wanted son-, thing prettier. ? Nothing better illustrates the nfranr < of the German Emperor's will than b-' " persistent and successful pursuit ox spc- in spite of physical disqualificatic ; Although his right arm is useless f, shooting purposes, he shoots withsu' j industry and success that he has perso i ally accounted for nearly 30,000 head #1 game. His method of shooting isnoi" I and ingenious. When the quarry I sighted, his attendant plants a wopd |- forked support in the ground ; peror rests his gun on this and fb V his left hand, without appearing ---|d take proper aim. Each day's score a""? v with a knife on the Wooden support. Mr. Charles Neufeld, who for titef years was a prisoner of the Khaliffi#; Omdurman, had some very terriblefljL periences. One little amusement ||n captors indulged imwas to blow theiiMjj great war-horns, made from elepijp tusks, right against his ears, nfejj-S driving him mad. Then he was led to be hanged ; but he was reprieved j' the last minute, and thrust into a pr so densely packed that armfuls of lig>- J grass had to be flung in by the gaolevs : order to make the unhappy pnsoa' > squeeze still more tightly together - j Dr. Newman Hall says that when was a very small boy his favourite tee was the 'Pilgrim's Progress'—' ' Pigg Pogey,' as he then called it. At mngj started to smoke, and at the same age;| off smoking for good, because of the pleasant effects which dried cane cut- ils cigarettes had upon his 'internal econ«sf| At ten he was sent to school, anu M immediately forced by his new friends-!! 1 help a small boy fight a bigger one, the result that Hail had his jawbone:# slightly out of place, and felt the e" l for many years afterwards. j Dr. Hall must have had a good pluck when he was a youth He fin j up his college life with a knapsack » J in the Highlands with a friend -i P naturally read up Sir Walter Scott b going, and found in 'Marmion'thatiUicfia Scott, the magician, was buried chancel of Melrose Abbey under a 1 stone, and that at one o'clock every ek ing he was supposed to rise from in grave, and prowl about. Hall's fneri not care about' ghost-hunting, and ste in bed ; but Newman Hall went t old Abbey one night, locked himse J : . and sat on tbe stone in the chancel, I- a club in his hand, waiting for the ap4 \\- ance of the magician. Perhaps the ! was frightened of the club-; at all eye® he did not appear. - Readers of Dr. George MacDol" books will readily believe that he tosl'ij early interest in temperance qnesSa The power with which he de3cnb;rr evils of intemperance in The Piddkj r; Soutar 's Last Tune,' Sir Gibbie/ i _ show that he has thought long purpose on these matters. -How tine -I TT is may be gathered from the fati q when in his last years at school, to- leaving his native village at the fourteen to attends Aberdeen TFniya MacDonald was a pronounced advoc&ti; temperance, and used to hold forffiaia r=; his schoolmates at meetings which i L originated and carried on mainly throil His influence with his class-fellowa. ... j 