\- H. n, JS J., g [ MR. BIRD AND FREE EDUCATION. | To the Editor of "The Mercury." SIR-In your issue of to day, "Pro- gress" informs your readers that my remarks in the House of Assembly a few days ago on free education are calculated to mislead those who have not thought upon the subject." As his criticisms are similar to some others that I have seen olsen here, I will, with your permission, offer some reply According to "Progress," my remarks were misleading and unfair. 1\. When I said that to establish free education would involve an additional cost to the State of £1,000 a year 2 When I said that that £15,00. would have to be raised by additional do not taxation 3 When I raised the question as to who should born this additional burden of taxation. As to The first of these "misleading" often arises, I would say that I think I am quite as well able to "progress," or any other critic, to estimate what the cost to the State of free education will be. "Progress" forgets that, as the number of schools increases year by year, the amount collected in fees increases, and that, whatever the amount collected in 1839 was, it will be more in 1000, and still more in 1901-the departmental estimate for the latter year being, as I told the HOUSE, nearly .JJ13.-000 I also explained to the House that, to place all teachers under such a non fixed salary classification as would be necessitated by the abolition of fees, would involve an expenditure of several hundreds a year, in addition to the amount of the fees, while the increased attendance at State schools, owing to the very) probable clos- ing of many private ones, would involve the employment of man more teachers, and touch a further increase of expenditure us would almost certainly bring the total for 1901 up to J 5,000 In regard to Huit statement, I have now nothing to add or to alter, and will only say that, if ' Progress" persists in supposing that such a statement can mis load anybody, I have a higher opinion of the general intelligence of the public than he has. As to my second so-called "misleading" statement, which is said to consist in trotting out the dreadful bogey of taxation to frighten the taxpayer," Progress deliberately says that free education will not involve extra taxation," and that the "bogey" I have raised is a "ghost, indeed." Clearly, "Progress" is the missenden here; for it must be plain to the dullest intellect that, if we do not collect any fees, and yet pay the teachers the amount by which the fees, if collected, would have enriched Hiern, the money must be obtained by some other sort of taxation. It might be taken out of the revenue derived from the existing general taxation, or it might be raised by some new taxation; but, in either case, the people of the State would be the contributors of the amount by which the parents of State school children would be relieved from the payment of foes. In a word, if we do not tax the children's parents, by requiring them to pay foods, we must in some other way tax those same parents, or in some other people, or impose a tax that will fall on everybody (if such a tax can be devised, in order to raise the money necessary to pay the teachers. in his haste to condemn my utterance, "Progress" entirely overlooks the fact that I did not propose to levy any new or additional taxation immediately, if free education were adopted. What I did say was neither more nor less, nor other, than a simple statement that the inevitable consequence of the abolition of school fees would be, at no very distant date, the imposition of annual additional direct taxation to the extent of £15,000. I stated, what no one that I know of has been bold enough to deny that when the Federal Government takes over our Customs revenue under the Federal tariff, we shall be driven to impose some additional direct taxation: and that, if free education were adopted, we would then, of necessity, have to raise £15,000 more by such now direct taxation think he would need to do if school fees were still collected. That was my statement! then, and that is my statement now; and it "Progress" continues to regard this as a "bogey," or a "ghost," and not as a simple, true, and unexaggerated tale of what would certainly happen under the proposed system of free education, he has much less intelligence than I give him credit for; and he will suffer a very rude awakening from his dream of a "ghost" to find it a very substantial and material thing, in the shape of direct taxation, which (if he has anything that can be directly taxed, he will probably dislike as much as any body who will have to endure it. As to the third question on which "Pro- gress" thinks I was unfair," in asking who should bear the burden of the taxa- tion that would be rendered necessary by the abolition of school fees, I have to say that, to me, such a question seems both pertinent and fair. "Progress" thinks that, as the general taxpayers' now pay three-fourths of the cost of educating State school children, they should also pay the other fourth, and that, if they do, they will not feel it particularly heavy." He urges, like many others, that because the State makes education compulsory, the State should pay the entire cost of it, forgetting that there are many things our citizens are required to do of which they have to bear the cost themselves. A father is required to feed and clothe his children, just as he is required to educate them; but it does not necessarily follow that the State must make him a present either of food, or clothing, or education, for his children. "Progress" argues that the man who pays si 9s. a year in school fees for his three children at the State school should be relieved of His because, as a general taxpayer, he is already contribut- ing something to the present cost of State school education. And he also thinks it perfectly fair that the man who does not send his children to the State school, but who probably pays ten times more in school fees Ullin the other partial does, and also probably pays many times more than he to the general revenues of the State, should yet be called upon to pay still more in general taxation, in order that the man who pays £2 9s. a year in State school fees may be relieved of that payment. Well, perhaps, the man who would save £2 9s. a year in that way would think the arrangement perfectly fair-, but the other man, who might be required to pay a great deal more than a 5s. in land tax or income tax beyond what he pays now would be very likely to call it by another name. There are, no doubt, very many who desire free education, because they will be able to keep in their pockets what they now pay in school fees; and because they know that they have so little properly, and so little income, that no tax which could be devised would be likely to ex- tinct from their pockets anything like the same amount as they usually paid in fees. If they know that they would have to pay, in some other kind of tax, the same amount that they now pay in fees, they would probably not be so anxious for free education. It is, in many instances, the desire that someone else, rather than themselves, shall pay for their children's schooling that is at the root of their desire for free education. Whether this is fair or not I leave "Progress" to enjoy his own opinion. It is a point on which opinions will differ. I would next add a word as to what "Progress" calls my "attitude" towards this question. I inn greatly amused at his suggestion that Emu under the in- fluency of reactions, whose greatest dread is mental and political progress a suggestion he makes because he thinks I have gone back from the position I took up in regard to free education in 1883. At that laments he says-I characterised private schools as existing for the conservation of ignorance rather than the promotion of learning." This is, certainly, news to me! Holding the opinion I held in 1883, and hold now, of many of our private schools, where a standard of instruc- tion equal or superior to that of our State schools is maintained, it is simply impossible that I ever could have given utterance to such an unqualified statement about private schools as Hint which "Progress" attributes to me. It is very likely that I have said, as I would still Bay, that some of the private schools are inefficient, and that it would be well if such schools were closed; but I beg "Pro- gress to believe that I never was so utterly silly us to make the unqualified statement which he declares I did. I wish him to understand that my attic tude towards free education is not that of, an opponent, but of one who has been constrained to say that, in full view of our present and prospective financial position, we cannot now afford to give up the revenue supplied by' school fees. In less than three years from now, the whole of the people of Tasmania will know, what I already distinctly fore- see, that additional direct taxation will have to be imposed and then, whatever the amount of the new taxation required may be, they will be glad that school fees were not abolished, because they will see that, owing to their continued Collection, there will be .£l,r>,000 a year less required to be raised by direct taxation. I do not know by what men IIB "Pro- gress has ascertained the opinions of the majority of the electors of the Huon district; but if he has any evidence while over of the truthfulness of his statement that the majority of my constituents have an intense feeling of disgust in my attitude on this question, I shall 'I regret, not that I have taken the stand I have, but" that any such number of my constituents' should have failed to see Loiv.unwi«»;;t won beat the present «me'twabol'ih .ckooAÍH», and thereby drive us to collect the amount . as of those fees in some other objectionable, in and, perhaps, less equitable way. In any >.; case, my constituents can have no just "'a cause for dissatisfaction at my attitude on * this question for when I offered my ser- i' vices as their representative at the last general election, I told them distinctly that, however much I might desire to see free education established, yet, while our long-standing deficiency was still unextin guished, and in view of the financial difficulties that federation would bring to us, I was not prepared to advocate free education under such circumstances. I have been true to my election utterances in this particular, and am satisfied that I have done what is best for the country at the present time. If we had seen the last of our old deficiency, and if federation were not likely to compel us to impose heavy additional direct taxation, I should probably have been found supporting free education. With our present buoyant re voices, I should have been, justified in doing so. But, seeing clearly as I do the financial troubles that federation will bring to our State in the near future, I am satisfied that I have only done my duty in opposing the abolition of school fees just now. It may, I think, be truly said that had there been no approaching federation, free education would this session have received the hearty assent of both branches of the Legislature. In the rejection of the proposal, we realise the first distinct check I to progressive legislation which we have suffered by federation. I am afraid it is by no means the only check to State pro gross that we shall have to endure at the consequence of our union with the Commonwealth of Australia. That we have made our choice, and we must take the consequences as pleasantly as we can I apologise for the length of this letter; but as the subject is one of general interest, and as my treatment of it will clearly explain, not only my own attitude, but also the grounds on which the large majority of the Legislative Council rejected the bill for the abolition of school fees, I trust what I have written may be at use among a wider circle than that of my own I constituents, for whose special information I have been provoked by "Progress" Yours, etc. STAFFORD BIRD. Hobart, November 18. 