THE URGENCY OF THE GOSPEL. (By the Rev. John Watson, D.D., 'Ian' Maclaren.') Preached in -the open air on July 23 at the '38th BeS^ °f ^ TjTroU ^eijterian Ch^ v/^rfff6 hs the- Holy -}ll0st saitb)- to-toy Sf To-day, the Holy Ghost saifch, because one day is not the same as another with any one of use on earth. On one day we are brave and hopeful, on another day we are cast down and depressed: one day we are good natured and charitable, another day we are cynical and cen sorious; one day no work is difficult or heavy, another day the grasshopper is a burden and we are not capable of any. iou aad I have as many changes as the English weather usually has, and it is not often that our tempers or our hearts are as iong at set fair as the weather has beea lately. We are creatures of moods and' of feeling; we have ups and downs like the barometer and the thermometer, and we are a hundred different people on a hundred different days. There are certain states of mind when it is usual for you and me l-- be religious, just as tliere are other con ditions when you and I seem to be natu rally lrrehprious. Sometimes we think of brod as nothing but the name— that unseen but undeniable Power which has created all things, maintains them somehow in a state of being and motion through th° spring mto the summer, through the sum mer into the autumn; and on other days there comes across our soul with sweet and persuasive conviction the . thought of His fatherhood, and we do not then call ttoe^First Cause and the Eternal, but we call Him Father, ae .we used to say lather to feim whom we have seen in our own home. Times there are when what is called 'heaven., ttet state of spiritual 'ner- «jcuoii ana spirnuiai peace T\\-niere are tihose who have gone before, seems far away and hardly credible; and ot3ier times when 'heaven bends over us as Tieaven bent over' UfUn«urJ!rVf?mcjr,! ia^d w« are surrounded with the things tdiat -are good and beauti ful, and are encompassed -with a great cloud of witnesses. 'Tc-day,' gaitfh *he Holy Ghost, when it is well with tihee, and when tihe wind is blowing from the south and thy swil is soft and tender, 'hear the voice of the Almighty ^nd accept His invitation. GET THE OHMSHAN AOOENT TAH3X For instance, it is best— Chough it be' too late, for many of us pertaps-rit is best to hear Orods voice and to be a Christian When «hie is young/ Twenty, about twenty, us a very impressionable age, wfoen we climb out of the valley and stand on die edge of the 'hill and look out on the (meat world Mrto whidi we 'are going, and form our plans and cherish our dreams for the days- to come. Then is it a good thing to choose Jesus Christ; to put all our plans m His hand for fulfilment, and to ask Him to fulfil all our dreams, and when we go dawn into the great world, so different from that quiet valley of our early youth, to have a Lord to follow whom we can trust, a. '.Blaster whose service is perfect liberty. A good age at 15; there V no objection to fifteen, it is a little bet ter; and if there be any young person not yet at that age -^ why, now. if it lie 7, or 8, or 13. or 12, it isan excellent age. Any agens go6d wherein. we hear God and.' no one too soon can follow Christ. You see, the advantage of being religious when you are young is the same advantage' that comes to a nerson whh lpnrnt a ion.' guage in Ins own home, and to whom it is' a birth language. Oh, the weariness of French and German when you have to learn them utter you are a lad or a gir], or after you are a grown-up person! The German sentence is so. difficult to construct, and the French tfy-ough sheer perversity have got such, a delicate accent. How one working .with the two languages envies the people who Jive in certain Swiss cantoris where they speak French as diildreh, also German, and .sometimes Italian, arid can- ' not tell you 3b which language tliey think, . nor ever realise 'the -difficulty- of, either,- for -hey leiarned them bevth at'-'tttieir mother's knee, and tfliey began speaking them ?? as soon .as they could Chink. Yes, there' is an accent widen a person only gets vrho has 'been early at the. feet of 'Christ, and ail tairougdi life is I thing.-the purest, it certainly is tlie easiest accent: It is'easair' to believe before the great doubts Wave, eome that are 'bound ^ocome to you wllien you are older; it is easier to lift the cross and follow Jesus before you are bound hand 'and foot by worldly habits and' be setting-inns. No doubt sudh intellectual questions may 'come to . the person after waiy«,. ibut 'happy they!— ?fihey met GoS first as lather, ibefore.tlue-y 'had to face the question of the origin of things and His relation to. this univeree; they- knew- Jesus ae brother anS' . friend before'' Ohey had to TOries'tle with.; thc'-dimculties thai' encircle : His cDeitij7.- He never Will-. lose a sense of. -tibe . Fatherhood 'of God in fhe - physical ? creation vflio ihas said, '.Taitheri' -.witli a -nhoh heart fit fcis1 motlier'« knee; he never wili: doulyt *hat . Jesus, is God if Jesus l&s; been 'his friend from the earliest years, and has led him as a shepherd leade^th hie sheep. Wheve ore there is no time eo good as.cbitl^ood ?. '-. ? \ ?to feceome a'Ohxirtiian. tand te Soly'KJhost saith to you 'To-day. ^ *BB TO- DAY OF TROUBLE. 'Another time fis the day of afflidtion. You know, when we are perfectly healthy* and perfectly happy, when everything has gone well with us, and we have a bright out look, I do not think the Gospel has a very *$tvonvble chance, ttoimetdmes when the preacher tof (the Gospel is off ering the im tneuseinTita'tion of (the Divine mercy, and repeating 'the promise's of 'the evangel, and fas eye rails upon a certain man facing him tn. a congregation, he is discouraged, and the woods break upon his lips, 'Ho! every one that ithirsteth.' The man doesn't thirst; he has had a very good year last year; he is very suitably married; his children have pt& given him any trouble; his con stitution tie vaoet marvellous; his ambitions socially have been more or less fulfilled, and _ he has a good name. He is sitting, -well fed, well clothed, contented, self-congratulatory, at the end of Ms pew. 'Thirst?' What's he taiirstdng for? Nothing that the Gospel can supply; and the. Gospel breaks like spray upon €his iiagh towering adamantine cliff on Whidh tlhe sun seems to be shining. Yes. Then there oomes a dby when the little gdrj, whom tihis man, to do him jus tice, really loves far more than, all tne money tie ever made or all the position he ever won. sickens, and when all he has got cannot buy her another year of life. He goes to !his office as before, and he is quite right, and 'he does Ihis work as before; he does mot say mudh about it, being an ordinary, straightforward, undemonstrative Engji^hman, 'but he has 'been terribly hurt —terribly hurt. \Vhen they bring the balance into -him next year — tlie great event of tihe year— he knows how much has been made, lie does not want to read it, and they. ?]eave it with him; 'he says, 'Just leave it.' He looks it over, but can't see the' figures distinctly, 'because a tress of golden hair is across tihe page. . Now tlie deepest tiling in that man's heart is this, 'Where is she?' and tihe deepest desire that wiiere ^he is 'he may jbe, and heaven is nearer now, and tihe reality of the spiri tual life is strong now; now is the time when the Gospel comes with its comfort and ;wibh its ihope, and he is invited to become as a little child and follow the Lord, that where she is with the Lord he may be: and behold it is 'to-day,' and a little child could lead him. „ REVIVALS. It is also 'to-day' whenever there is in a congregation or in a district wShat is called a revival. People fere sometimes aceustomed to -belittle revivals, to speak of them as periods of vulgar sensation, spasmodic eft'ort-^-a kind of outbreak of uncultured religion, associated with a want of education and a great want of composure. Well, there has been no great religious movement which has not had its faults, and there never has been a mighty flood which has not brought down a lot of rubbish on its bosom; no, and the flood has never covered fields without appearing to many to do them an injury. But long after the injury has departed, and the rubbish been swept away 'the harvests are coming up year by year which were helped by that flood. The Christian Church, it will be found, has advanced more by the great periods of revival than by any other influence in the whole of her history. NoWj whenever in any body of people 'there is a sense of the Divine presence, and whenever un expectedly people are stirred, and- when ever there is a genera! movement, I declare — next to chikMioodv next to affliction — it is 'the' easiest time for entering ithe kingdom of God. .You know, we are gregarious animals, we cb not like to grow alone; -we. like 'to go with a 'body; we like to keep step, we like to be where the multitudes are; we like the sound of many voices. -Y-ou cannot see a .procession pass in iihe street 'without wanting to join it; you.feannot hear a band playing and see tenners witihout wanting to he in. it. And when there is a great movement God-ward and a great movement, heavenward, and you hear the tramp of the feet that are moving towards God,, it is a good time to join, a good thing to keep step. Wftv, if. your friend,. w!ho did not think much about religion, 'has suddenly become serious, and' you and he have gone arm-andnarm here and there in life, why not go arm-and-rarm once mo-re — -in through the gate? If you have shared the inti macies of life;with -some person near and dear to you, sharing. many a joy and many a sorrow, and tihere comeo to that pelwon the greatest joy, then je it the time to share it. A vessel mav beat up against the wind in a Tough, sea land- make for the harbor mou'tJh, and solitary people,- in times of utter 'deadness ana irreligion, have yet heard *he voitee^ind been Saved; but, oh! it is easier far when the wind is favorable and tihe fleet 16 coining Me to come in with the fleet. ? ' ?- ? '? :- EE5UGPIOUS— AND OTHER EXCITEMENT. To-day, if you -will hear God's voice, harden not your hearts; for' there is such a thing as a hard .tiling m'ade tender, and, then afcerwaixls' 'being,' hardelied by our' own during. T'or instance, when a person is moved about religion, j. and perhaps can scarcely conceal . Ms . anxiety, . then there are dozens of people. to warn him to beware of excitement. ' Now, there, is Bometihing about ^religious -.excitement which is .different from that of any other excitement; lit stands utterly alone, the moist subtle, dangerous, destructive, and peculiar kind of excitement. . I do not know that any person is ever warned against ex citement except that rare excitement which comes once or twice to a ?liuman soul when Godjias spoken and the soul has ;got a glimpse of that heavenly grace. That is the only dangerous excitement, we are assured, cu the face of -the -earth. ??? I have stood. in the wheat market of Chicago when the wheat was going up by leaps and bounds, and I have been pre sent at the. hour when the: market opened. For that time men took -off their coats and their waistcoats^!'- mean one of the great days that I saw. They formed into a circle; and wei%e ready at that moment, 10 o'clock, to begin. A few seconds after 10 the build ing was rent with noise, and the men who a few minutes before hatf been quietlook ing men were hurrying hither and thither and making a great noise, their faces re vealing every kind of emotion. You would havatliought it was Bedlam Jet loose. They did hot laugh at 6ne*another, noone'in the gallery lookingdown laughed. If-I had laugh ed it would have shown a want of the sense Of the fitness of things, it would have shown the stupidity of- a man who pould notrappre ciate the importance of ' what was going on below. For wheat was 60 many cents up, and going still more, and a man who could laugh at^ that would be a man crazy, a man who ought to be put into Bedlam: ' \- ' I have been on the Bourse at Paris and seen the Jewish stockbrokers there half out of their judgment at the rise or fall -of the Panama Carnal shares, and the man was couStfed fortui»fe ?, who'' ha&' bought them, though I do not know to-day that he is so fortunate, as -bej. thought thait^day. They were mad there ove¥ a' ditch thafnever was completed and runied everybody that had anything to do. with it. But if you had said -^-'My good sir, why are you excited?^, he would hav« stared - at you and passed you by as a man not worthy of consideration. A man that would not be excited about the Panama Canal, a man that could see wheat rising two cents dearer and maintain. his composure, is a man not worthy of con sideration. We are allowed to be excited over a football race, over a political elec tion, over any game, ov*r anything how* ever trifling, provided we keep calm when the issue is 'one relating to God and the immortal soul, death and «temity. It appears - to me that a human being never rises to such a height as when he hears Ghnst call, .and, throwing everything aside, possessed by Divine madness, rises to follow Christ, counting all things but loss for the knowledge oFJesus Christ. It is such menVho have won the Kingdom of God here; to whom belongs that Kingdom of Heaven hereafter. Wherefore, do not be dismayed if they tell you to be calm, do not let them damp down the fires which are burning from the salvation of your soul. \- TODAY AND HIGHER CRITICISM. There are some people who are pre ventefl accepting the 35ivine mercy— and I am speaking now, I think, to older people — on account of questions, difficult questions, which somehow or other are al ways brought up just at such a crisis. Peo ple say, 'No doubt Divine mercy is of fered, and that is a very impressive word: but, you know, there has been a great deal of new light on the Bible lately, and— well, well, I do not know waietiheir you. could depend upon that word; they say the date,? of the books are changed, and they say that they are not the same authors as I supposed that wrote the books.' Quite true; there have 'been a great many new dates, but I think 'to-day' remains; there have been a great many new authors sug gested, but tihe Holy Ghost remains. 'To day' is the easiest date you ever can write, and the word of the Holy Ghost is more than the word of all the men through whom He spoke. When the prophet eaj-3, 'Ho, everyone that thirsteth,' the date of that is this afternoon in this day of September, 1900. It is an eternally dated word, it holds good for ever. 'Him that oomeDh unto Me I will in nowise cast out' was true that day, is true this afternoon, as if fhe Lord stood up here and this were Galilee. I would not trouble about such questions, I would take the word as the word stands, through the whole of Holy Scripture, independent of writers, for it .is God that speaks; inde pendent of dates, for God is the some yes terday, to-day, and for ever. AVHO 19 OP THE ELECT? Older people used to be troubled— I do not know whether you are ever troubled here — used to be troubled in my younger days about doctrines like election. When ever the question came of the free offer of the Divine mercy, whenever some poor Soul had a mind to accept the offer and lay hold of everlasting life, somebody suggested Ithe question whether lie was elected. If he was not elected it was no use; of course. if he was elected, then he had' nothing to do. 60 they argued up and down with that eternal see-saw logical problem of I3ie purpose erf God and our action and our will and God's will. Well, it may be there is one person troubled about such a doc trine, and I congratulate that person upon being (ten times more thoughtful than mosb of tne present generation. Whatever can be said against our fathers, it cannot be said that tJiey were not willing to go to tho roots of ifchings, and whatever may be said about this high-and-mighty generation, with aH its 'education and all its culture, it cannot b« eaid- that it thinks more deeply on the great- subjects, than that generation -to which- we ate bidding gcod-bye. The Divine sovereignty is a mighty doctrine, for if tliere be a God He must do His will in heaven above and on the earth beneath; and when a man is inside the doctrine of tJie D.vine sovereignty his soul is inside the fortress of the Ahnighty. 'Quite so,' you say, 'but if he is outside?' Ah, well, suppose you are outside, then the great thing is to get inside, and there is only one door into that fortress, and that door, as . I read Holy Scripture and theology, i« Jesus Christ. .Whoever is elected, or not elected, He was elected, He is ' elected. 'Behold, My servant, whom* I uphold: Mine elect, in whom My soul delighteth.' He can never be cast out, He lieth in ithe bosom of the Fathei!; with Him that Father is al ways well pleased. My advice to you is, Identify 1 yourself with Jesus' Christ, lay hold upon Him, that you and .He may be come one, and where the elect of God is there you Will jbe. That is the way into the great election, for the Father cannot refuse the man or woman who has chosen Christ, beyond .'all things in .heaven and on earth'.' . ? . ? For younger people T 'think there is often a grea* difficulty in' times of sub lime and spiritual ejnotian in ? the sense which; ifr suggestive to them of the hard ness of religion. They feel that it were ?good' to be a Christian, but there are so many things to give up,; and they are not prepared in the years of youth and energy, in the years when life -has so many joys fco offer,' and the' days of sickness and sor row have not come, to make tHat immense Sacrifice. ' There has been far too much talk about 'giving up, far too little talk of get ting; in religion. When the Lord calls. He says, 'Come, follow, receive,' and if He pays, 'THake up tQie cross,' it is the cross He carried Himself. : 'THR SCHOOLBOY AND HIS PICTUnES. For instance, suppose there is a home, and in the home a boy, and the boy nas £6t a room, and tlhe furnishing of a boy's room when he has the liberty' of Ihis will is marvellous. There is. bo picture -gallery and -no museum, antiquarian or otherwise, to be 'compared with -t4ie anterior of a «QiooJt)6y?« ^room. Things liave been gathered from the ends of tie earth; there may be differences ' about ? the ''taste, the art is : open to criticism, ? the ; amount of blood tSiirsty arms is offensive* to some people,1 but it pleases him. By many a bar gain he furnished that room and by many a sacrifice,' too, he obtained the things that are in tihat room; and when he is away at gehool, one of the joys of coming home rafter ihe has seen Jiis mother, and his father, and the dog, and the old nurse, and the mice, and tlie rest of the menagerie -'one of the joys is to go to that room. It is the finest palace he ever saw, and lying awake of 'mornings he is amazed be has -een able* to do it. Well, now, suppose his ather considers that as the years are com ng on he should be done with ? some Of hose little oleographs, he should have pic tures of ^better class to educate him and raise Him.' He is the maddest of fathers, and ought not to have -a son who;.would go In and strip down those things' and say to the Jad, 'Now these 'things were well, enough' 'when you were a little boy eight fears tof age, put now' that you are at a, jublic ; school. ' now when you are; cbming up to tbe fifth form, it is shameful to see such things upon your -walls.' Of course here are fathers who will do' anything, there are fathers who srbuld' use their authority to sweep. such a room bane, .and the eon must sive in, but lie has got his own thoughts, and that is not the way to lead him to love art. What the wise . ' father does ie to buy a picture much better than the boy had, but quite within * hie apprehension, and to have it framed in a way the boy likes, and then to get the picture home some evening. Then after the boy is asleep, wearied after a cricket-match, and nothing could disturb him, not even a procession of burglars, the father goes in and takes down two or itihree miserable pictures worth a few dhiUings, and then he puts up bis gift, liia gift on the tx-y'ts birtnday.. When tihe 'boy wakens in me morning, and begins rto take an: inrvmtory of ihie possessions lie comes on this picture. What! a picture, too, hia father once had talked to him about, but wMcfc be thought was too dear for Mm to buy, and tihere it is, and on his birthday, and just framed* exactly as he would have wished ..it to have been framed. Does -t3ie boy rmiss the oleographs? Does he con? plain of Ms facer's cruelty? Why, he te out of his bed at once, and away to Bete !his father. 'Awfully goodi of you,' he saye, 'the very thing I -wanted.'. And yelt Jbe loet, he gave up, Ihe has not the tibing he once had. 1 do mot need to apply tne paraible. Xt jb poaaoie to harden- one's heart till ones heart be too Sartl^for religion'. D9 you know there is no 'human being ever says, 'I am deteranined never to toe /a Christian?' No, not an agnostic, no person, not an- evil liver: no person, edtlher from tine side of the intellect or from th» sid« c-f -the senses. Is there anyone wiho saye. 'I am deter mined' never to be a Christian, and I will have a separate lot in 4Mb worfdi and the worldi tto come froim Jesus Ondst?' No, what a; man eays is, 'I am going into this by and by; 1 am young just now, and I want to taste the innocent cup or pleasure.' Or, 'I am middle-aged now, Bad' I am amassing a competency; when a quiet time comes, or iwhen I am ill I am going -thoroughly into tfhds matter, an-I then I am going to be a Christian.' . WHY HAVE HALF A LIFE? Well, now, my friends there are objec tions to your plan of life. The first is this, Why should you 'have ia. divided life— £0 many years against Christ, eo many years for Christ? Ah! if I could 'bring St. Paul 'here this afternoon, and ask him, 'What dost «hou regret most, Paul?' lie 'would say, 'The years of my uufoelief, the years of my persecution of Christians, anc I never can forget I held the garments of those who stoned Stephen.' If he could have Wotted t!hat out. and had an equal life all the way along, like t4ie life of John' ihe Baptist, like tine life of the prophet Jere miahi then St. Paul would have had nothing else left Ihiin to desire in this -world or the world to come; it would have been all Christ -then, without a past shadow. Why nave 'half a life? Yes, and remember thib— lives are not divided like water tight compartments, or like fields, with a hedge here and a hedge fhere, separate end independent of one another. Oh, no; the twenty or thirty year* outside of Christ will afieet the years that you are in Christ. You sow your field first with Hares; then you eay, Now I plough it up, 1 'ba*F-ow it; that 'was a tremendous mis take, I em going to sow it witfh. wheat. You bow it -with wheat. Yes, I was a farmer once, and I luww th&t; the crop of tSie past can never be enltirely grubbed' and harrowed out; again and again tares will /some up among the wihea't, and people will say, 'Look ye, he sowed wheat, what about the tifres? There ere Ch'ristiani men *o-lay wilio are some times openly disgraced, but w!ho are con stantly privately put to sSiame before their conscience by habits of epeech'and baibdits of action that are the almost in evitable remains of a past non-religious life. 'Why not have the life running all in one direction? Why not Ihave the life a unity? Why not lhave dt aM in Christ Jesiw? THE MEANNESS OF PUTTING-OFF. Yes; and now here is another question. Suppose you eay, Not to-day, but some date later on—I date it 1920; September, 1020\. Very good. Now wh«n the time cotoes, and suppose then you are fairly old, are you quite sure that you will not be ashamed to do what you propose? I know there is not very mueh. ^iame in religion, and I know that people, are not generally open to the appeal of tihe .great motives that move people in otiher directions when they come to the question of religion: 2 think it is lamentable that *he emte of honor seems to die and weaken when you enter -t!he sphere of the religious motives. But I have seen a -man. with a een®e of honor prefer t» die ratter , tjhan peppetaralte an, act of colossal religious meanness. Long ago, when I had onfly begum my. ministry, and when I did not know low to deal with people— rather, I should say, when I dealt witfh them even worse T5Tan I do to-day 4- I was sent to see a young man. He said, 'Now, I have beard you preach, land 1 wanted to see you; I do not want to 'be a 'humlbug, and I will tell you the situation. There were days in the past When I wished to be a Christian, but I thought tSmt on 'the wihole I would rather have a few years to myself. I. have not made a. beast of myself; it has been mostly having a good time with, decent fellows, but it 'has Wn a selfish life. Now I am dying, and although -3ie doctors will not tell the truth, I know I wi]] die wiiihin a few days' — and he did. 'I want you to do this for me, and I want you to do tfbat for me.' I said I would. 'But/' I said, 'what laibout other things?' 'I have 'tfliDught it all over,' he said; 'and I have led' a selfish life, and 1 have done mean things some times,- but I will not do the meanest tfhing I could conceive1— take the last 'tihiree days of my life and offer them to Christ, 'When I have had .twenty-tfaree years of life ttet I used for myself,' -From that position I could not move {him by any argu ment I knew or used, and 'he died wiimese ing to the goodness of Christianity, te- his infinite regret !he had not been. a Chris tian, declaring 'his .belief .that possibly lie might still be accepted, but refusing to purchase Ihis soul by a deed of un speakable meanness and cowardice. There may be a perjson present who says, ?'The more fool he; I would have no 'hesi tation at al.' I quite believe you; you rwould have none— none. You (have been eo made, or you 'have so made yourself, that if you had eighty years, you would use eeventy- nine of them and eleven months of the eightieth for your own interest, your town 'business, your own pleasure, And it-hen; in order to make out what you would consider a fortunate escape, you. would come to terms with God tor the last month. I quite Ijelieve you, but 1 thank God every body is not made like you. And I would dare to cay—and this is going far-r-tlhat when all things are settled and the balance etrudk, though, you don't expect it, with your cheap escape, it may be better for that man in his manhood Than for you in your selfish meanness.. Do not say, I date at 1020,' for in that 'hour as a man or woman of honor yoii may be obliged to deny yourself the Kingdom of God. ... -DEATH-BED INDIFFERENCE. .' lAnofher thing. Isxm to-day I believe there are people whose conscience is awake, and I believe there are people whose hearts are tender, and we lhave met in very beautiful and very interesting circum stances, when surely every one of us is less worldly, proud, eelf-conceited than we usually are, amid God's work, and imagining Christ's presence with us as in Galilee. Now you have a -great opportunity; but you cannot command your heart 20 years after this. God will be ex actly the same, the Spirit of God will be the same, Christ will be the same, the in vitation will be the same, but you may be different; 20 years after this you may not care one ' straw either for God or Jesus Christ. I notice in religious fiction, and in frequent anecdotes at meetings, that people are represented when dying as very impressionable, and very open to what is said. That is not my experience; I have seen very few of the stock deathbeds of re ligious anecdotage. I have seen what I think is most ghastly of all— not people orying out for mercy and sweating with terror; nb, but people who never give an honest thought to religion, and never once face the question of the soul dying, in per fect peace. You might have plied them with all the invitations of the Gospel, and poured the promises of God out as *rom a cup before their lips, and they would not have been moved: no, the soul is dead, completely dead. They will talk to you about the weather, talk to you about their worldly affairs; if they are agitated at all it is about a clause in their will that they want changed; if they desire anything it is meat and drink — calm, immovable, satisfied, cal lous. Oh, there is a time-^I do not know what the soil is in this district — where I was a fawner ploughing was very critical, ifche soil was deep and heavy, the sowing 01 -ihe wheat^in those days the chief crop was a very serious business; and I have seen the master, under whom I learned, go out in the morning and look at the soil, stoop down and take a handful of it, turn round -and say to me, 'Tell the grieve, tell tJie foreman to get the men ready— we'll sow to-day.' The land had been prepared. 'the seed was Teadv. wiev were waiting for the right dey of sowing; three such days or so and the great farm was sowed, miss Wie days and there was no good wheat crop. It is bo in business; the market changes and quivers, and the successful man of busi ness ie ithe man sfchat comes in at the exact tour, neither tihe morning nor tine after noon, but the hour between. He had lost in the morning, he lost in the afternoon, but he came in in the hour between,; ifcJiat is the man t/ha-t is successful. A writing man, a poet has been known1 — this is a hie 'fcorical anecdote^-to leap from bed in tihe night-time, to seise the i«n and the paper, to preserve that thought which came to him in the watchiels of the night, and might never come again. Tliere is a time when 'tihe harbor is open, when the wind is blow ing, when the sea is running freely, and ithat is 'To-day.' 