The Christian Sabbath. ? To the Editor. Dear Editor, — A few weeks ago jv-u published a long article from the pen of a Roman Catholic, on Sunday observances, showing the Latin Church's view of the Christian Sab bath, and as there are two sides to this important subject, I herewith enclose for publication in your columns, a Protestant view of Sunday obser vances by the Rev. Robert Horton, M.A-, D.D., which is well worth the respectful consideration of all sorts, and conditions of men. Several of your subscribers have requested me to furnish you with the Protestant view of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, as a reply to your Roman Catholic correspondent ANGLO-SAXON. If thou tain away thy foot bom the Bab bath, from doing thy pleasure on My Holy day, and call the Sabbath a delit-ht, the holy of the Lord, honourable, and shalt honour Him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, Dor speaking thine o« a wurds, then Ehait thou delight thyself in the Lord, and I will cause ttate to ride upon the high places of the earth and feed thee with the hatagc 01 Jacob thy father, for the mouth of the Lord ha.th spoken it.— Isaiah lviii. 13, 11, In almost the earliest, if not the earliest, code of English law— the laws of Enach, King of WesseX — there was a provision made fcr the observance of Sunday. According to these laws if a slave Was forced by bis master k- work llpoii Sunday, lie was by that very fact set free, and the lord had to pay a fine. If the slave worked by his own will and without the direction of his lord, he was sub jected to corporal ohasfciaenientj and if a freeman worked on the Holy Day he became a slave, tie lost his free dom, Or else he had to pay what, at that time, was the almost impossible fine of sixty shillings. Now that law at the very beginning of English legislation may have had very much to do with the position that the Anglo Saxon race has taken in the world\ According to the promise of this old prophet the word of the Lord llaa said, ' I will make thee to ride upon the liig'h places of the earth if thou keepest the Sabbath day.' The super natural fact that seems to be implied in that promise lias ttlso its very natural and very simple side. The Day of itest, and nppnrently even the Seventh Pay of Rest hlore peculiarly, maintains the freshness of the mind, and thereby secures the efficiency of work It has been discovered that a country which enjoys a Day of Rest i.s economically more productive than a country which does not. THK BCOSOMtC VAIiUR OP ttKSTi 1 Bee it stated in a great C.clopacdia o£ Social Reform that never touches religious questions at all that the day of rest is essential economically, and it gives this interesting fact — that, sup pose a mason or carpenter takes a contract in Paris he gets the work done quicker, cheaper, and better by employing Knglisli labour, because French workmen work seven days in the week One of the busiest public men of our century — the late Mr. Glad stone—said in 'a very remarkable letter that atw^Vea at the time in the pivss, that he had always kept the seventh da}' of rest as scrupulously as was possible, ' And now,' he said, 'at the end of a laborious public career of nearly fifty-seven years I attribute in great part to that cause the prolongation of my life and the preservation of the faculties I may still possess/' Men are not machines, tliough I am told that even machinery requires a Sabbath day in order to re arrange its distorted particles. But men are not machines, and if the work they do, depending as it does upon the mind, is done when they are jaded and dispirited, the work is ineffectual. The only way of getting good work out of human beings is by keeping the human beings not only healthy but happy, happy and buoyant, with all the freshness of their manhood or their womanhood upon them. It seems to be, therefore, pretty clear that as a mere condition of national health, as a condition of economical efficiency, the fed, and even is compelled, to secure, the day of rest. Our Parliament, for instance, ought to go much further than it does ; it ought to protect the community as a whole from the greed of individuals and from the pleasure seeking of many that are constantly imperilling the day of rest for large masses of the people- On purely utilitarian grounds, simply seeking the greatest happiness of the greatest num ber, the Legislature should repress the eccentricities of individuals. It should not allow people to disturb what is a public blessing. It should prohibit trading, it should, prohibit oven travelling, it should prohibit the publication of newspapers one day in the week, because upon that turns the health and well-being of the com munity. Of course it is said very truly that such rigorous legislation -would curtail the freedom of indivi duals. Certainly it would, but all legislation curtails the freedom of individuals. The whole point of law is that individuals must Bubmit to the curtailment of their' freedom in order to secure the freedom and well- being of the community, and what I should maintain is that the Parliament of a free country may so teach the people the blessing, the economic necessity of the day of rest, that all people would cheerfully submit to that curtailment of their individual freedom. We in London do not complain because we do not get our letters on Sunday, in fact, some of us regard that as the greatest blessing of the week — that there are no letters on Sunday. And if London, the great centre of the world's trade, can do without letters on Sunday, it is quite certain that the whole country could do with out them. And as we can do very well without letters we could do very well without newspapers, and we could do very well even without trains, and after a very little experience of the boundless peace and rest of one day in the week in which there are no shrieks of the rail way whistles, and no shouts of the seller in the street, the whole nation would be filled with gratitude for the kindly tyranny ot Parliament which would secure its health and happiness even against its will. And if once that ideal was set before us the public itself would rapidly he the best '-v. tectorofitsown o^ jut ^jf^ °°nst^v.y observed that ft park put under- the protection of the public is mol'e Secure from the depredations of individuals than if it is put Under the protection of the police, because the public feel that it is in their possession. So in a very little while we might make the whole public the protector of this sacred enclosure of the day of rest, and the force ef public djjinion, which no man tari resist, would stigmatise as an enemy of the com munity anyone who, either for business or for pleasure, infringed what is the liberty of rest for the whole of the people on that seventh day of the week. ?iO RELIOIOUS COERCION; But now you will observe that, in urging upon you this most important political aspect of this question, such a course can only be taken on one condi tion, and that is that the the legisla tion should be passed not on religious grounds, but simply and solely on poli tical groundsj or on economical and social grounds: That it must be done Oil that prihciplc is necessary riot only in order to secure tlie day of rest, but still more in order to secure the in terest of religion, because any religious principle enforced by Government coming with the force of coercion ceases to be religion. Directly we make the Pariianjeiit of tliis country protect our own religious principles we have robbed our religious liberties 01 all their religious power, we have dropped back from the condition of the New Testament to the Old. The distinction between those two different epochs of the World'*! history1 is princi pally this, that the Old Testament the tutelage of the State secured a certain external prder, but ruined the religious principle by {timing it into a bondage. The principle of the New Testament is that it discards absolute ly and deliberately all the protection and help of political forces in order to secure religious principle. And we must realise( if we are to do anything in tlie direc'tibrl I aii) mentioning, fliat the Kingdom of Christ is not of this world at all. When the Russian Government enforces uniformity, and suppresses the Jew and the Stmidist ; when the Society of Jesus attempts to manipulate the Governments of the world in its own interests ; aud when, following these bad examples, evange lical Christendom has a secret longing to bring the political powers to bear to carry out its own ideas, in one and all these cases we are introducing a power which is inappropriate to Christianity, and we are creating a prejudice against the very religion we wish to commend, and therefore undermining the prin ciples of the Kingdom of God, which are not of this world. And lest I should not have con vinced you by so rapid a statement, let me just point out this one consider ation; If it were God's method to coerce men into religion He would have done it. He coerces us by His natural laws. There is no liberty to evade or to resist them. You are under coercoin in nature, and un doubtedly God could just as easily have made all His religious laws equally coercive. He could have made it a law of nature that every Achan who broke the Sabbath should be immediately stoned, that every rash man who laid his hand upon the ark of God should immediately fall down and die ; that every blasphemer should invoke the thunderbolt upon his head and perish by it. God could easily have made the whole spiritual and mora! arrangements of the world just us coercive and necessary as the order of nature, but He has not done so for the simple reason that in doing so He would have destroyed the religious and the - moral order altogether ; there would. have been no religion ; there would have .been no morality. And as He has not done so we are not at liber ty to do so either. We may not legis* late fdrSGod^wiB' may not take God under the protection of our Parliament ; we may not force upon men the decrees of the. Most 'High. He respects ihe the liberty of man ; He feels it essen tial to jnan as a spiritual being that h6 should be uncoerced and perfectly spantaneous, and we may .therefore by no moans intrude upon the scanctity of the individual soul, or force upon the practice of man the religious things which we know perfectly ourselves are true. TUB SPIRITUAL VALUE OP SUNDAY. But now having thus reminded you that we have to distinguish — and it is the very essence of this question to distinguish— having reminded you that we ought to insist upon a Parliament ary day of rest far more absolute and inviolable than anything we possess, without ever mentioning or thinking of the question of religion, then I wish to turn you to that other side, which is, of course, in a sense much more important, because it affects, not only the economic and social welfare of this country, but the vast interests of the human spirit. The Sabbath question is partly a Parliamentary question, but it is partly also a religious question, and we wish to now spend a few moments upon it as a religious ques tion. I would say that we want no State interference to preserve th» Lord's Day ; on the oontrary, we wish the State to kindly keep its hap4 pff the whole question, but we da most earnestly need the interference ot tlie Holy Ghost to keep the lord's fray* and to make us men and women in the spirit of the Lord's Day, that we may call ' the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord honourable.' While as citizens we are demanding a day of rest for our over- straiiied modern pdpu lation, and while wti Way jtistly quote that magnificent aphorism of Burke, 'A nation that' neglects the Sabbath soon sinks into barbarism. Sud ruin ? civilised m j- cannot \t6&r; tue pre^,,,.,;' of seven days' work and wow* in the week,' we fiaVe tfl quote another law, we have to appeal to another principle for the security of the Lord's Dayj the day ho longer merely of rest) but the day of strenuous worship^ the day, let me call it, of preservation of the spiri tual in man. Now, as this is much die mdst im portant, let us see what we want, and let us try to understand iiow to secure it. I suppose the essence of this Christian Sabbath was never more perfectly described than in the words of the inspired prophet that I just read to you. If you look at those two verses and meditate upon them again and again you make this wonderful dtasovery. the fifst principle of tiie Christian Sabbath is that there elroifld be one day in the week on which we are hot doing our own ways, nor find ing our own pleasure, noY speaking our own words, that is to say, the Christian Sabbath is not to be, like the civic Sunday, a rest from work, important a8 that may be; but it is a rest from self, which iss all- important, and is, in deed, the creation and the preservation of the spiritual in man. A iiES'r P'titJJf s&Wi; It is a rest from self, not to speak our own words on that day,' not to take our own pleasures, not to adopt our own way. I think we see Vhat is meant if we put.it in this way. Our life as men is literally (Wted in God, and its health depends on our knowing it and recognising it. While we can not live without God, we cannot truly live until we are conscious that we are living is God, and as it is the very essence of the human soul to live in Godj and be conscious of it, so it is the sad and melancholy effect of earthly life that our ordinary course of proce dure is a constant slight deviation from the life in God and from the conscious ness of it. Otlr business presses upoa our brains, our pleasures agitate flUY hearts. Physically, nervously, men tally, we get preoccupied ; and in that deviation of life from its true centre, though we are not conscious of it, we are. constantly dwinding and literally perishing'! The f erf life of the soul is dying out before our eyes, and Gied'g one provision for man to live in the earth and yet to retain his connection with' the heavens is tjiis, one day, the Day, we call it, of liest ! Tes I but rest in God— the day of spiritual re generation. It does not seem to be possible for us to retain what is our proper drift, whatisourpropergrowth, riiir dpVelonmftnt. as sniritua.1 beings apart from this seventh day cessation of ourselves in order that God may rush in and take possesfion of us. The Divine object, then, of tlie Sabbath is to correct, week by week, a fatal tendency, to restore us to our peoper nature, to bring us to our rest that is in God, and so to renew our life. Now, when we have recognised that that is the purpose of the day, we still have to. consider how that purpose i.s best accomplished, According to the practice of the Old Testament, and, apparently, according to the intention of the New, the sanctuary, the place of pubiic worship, is the means by which that can be accomplished. That is the meaning of the sanctuary. It is a little place fenced off in the rush of secular life, where the sanctity of life can be reaped afresh. Now, when we have seen that the sanctuary is intend ed for such a purpose, I think we ought to honestly face tlie question which is. often raised at the present time, whether the life I am describing cannot be maintained without the sanctuary. Men say frequently to-day that they find they can really worship better in their own homes, or still more in the open country, than in the As sembly of the house of God. Now, the only danger I see in that position is that by the very necessity of the case it violates the first requirement 'of the Sabbath as it is here Btated. You stay at home in your house or you go out into the country on Sunday. In doing that you are going your own way, yon are seeking your own plea sure, you are following your own bent , — that is to say, you are violating the very principles on which this Sabbath rests. And it doea not seem very im probable that -when you have violated the very principle at the beginning you will succeed in recovering it at the end. I have no doubt that many persons have honestly stayed at home from ser vice this morning thinking they will worship God in their rooms. I under take to say that nine-tenths of them are asleep at the present moment, and that the others are not worshipping, they have forgotten it. They began for a few minutes to seek God, and then the drift of their ordinary life was too much for them, or they went out into the fields They are all up and down the River Thames this morning.. I do not doubt that they left their room with the thought, How worship God better than under this sweet July sky and in the rush of the water and in the rustle of the trees! but if you could see them here at noon on Sunday, if you could read their hearts, I ask you how much worship is rising from the hundreds of Londoners who are in boats, and punts, and boat-houses all up the Thames. How much worship is rising from their hswtei I would put it candidly to menl They mean well, fidve.tio doubt, but t Would ask them — take, a census if you carjj take one hundred people, wild have kept syway from the hbttiSe bf $oe ship for six ihonths, and ask them to tell you candidly whether they have not lost the sense of the Divine Pre Bence irl worship; whether they have not lost tpe aspiration' after heavenly things; whether they, are not living the mere life 6'f the eartH in eorisequenr-c' nf this neglect oi the renewal of the heaveuly, and whether in consequence it has not proved that the old Book is erfci-iiy right and the tradition of nineteen centuries is verified, that you must not neglect the a'wemWiDg of V0tfrselves together, because it is in the house of prayer and in the assembly of worshippers that we find the true Sabbath of the soul, and renew our contact frith heaven and with God. And it seems to me^ if I may say so, that one of the great reasons for com ing to church is that you do not like it. People seem to think that they have settled the point when' they' say they do not like it, they find it dull. Be lieve me, that it is one of the greatest, blessings in life that there Bhould be some duties that arc dull to us, and that some things should be irksome in the wrestle for truth and life, and in the search after God. I have no doubt that it was a little dull for Moses climbing up Mount Sinai in the broil ing heat of the desert, a little dull and weary, too, but he had to climb to the summit to open communion with God. it has no doubt been dull for many a child to come to the house of God, and it is dull for many a young man who thinks he will be happier on his bicycle on a Sunday morning, and it is dull for the business man, who is weary with the routine of the week — it is dull for us all. I grant you that, but it is the dull path that leads to heaven. It is not the primrose path of dalliance, it is not the following yollr own pleasure and taking your own way, and Beek ing to keep like one prolonged dream of blessfull sensation, but it is the rising and climbing step by step arid hand by hand over the craggy paths of prayeY and com munion with God that at last brings you into the upper air and the open table-land, where the face of God is clear and communion can be held. 