.\X<;l,K'.\X <X)XnH.\1ATI0X SKHVICK. The Anglican Hishop of Rockhampton (Dr. Dawes) iidiuiiiistcrcd (lie rite of lon firiuu'tion iii SI. Paul's Cathedral yesterday afternoon in flu- presence of ¡i largo con- gregation. There were lifty-nine candidates \- forty female ¡md ninr'teon male .-who find boen prepared by Hie lier. Canon Par- ker, assisted by llho lîev. F. J. Abo. I .'.mon Parker being; sf ill invalided. 'tho laitier we- ted ns HishopV, chaplain. The IMs'hop. ill bis first address, said "Unit on Whit, Sunday -the feast of Pentecost-tho I Joni sent down tlhe gift, of thc Holy Ghost and lhere fore il was a privilege to be presented for couti rina1! iou on 'lihaf day of days. On this day was .their Lord's promise fulfilled, not only 'to His disciples, 'bul to every soul on earth. Addressing t he candidates, he said Uley lind a-seníhlcd in tile sight of the. con groga't.'ioii to hear Wittie,-.-, for Christ und truth, ll was true that tihe Ixird did not expressly order i-oiilirainlion to he admin- istered -, birt, they (lind t'ho clearest possible evi'dom-e'l'liat tho rile iVas firnct'isod hythe AposUcs. Conlirmalli'on niiMiil being made strong. Theil! were il wo pai'ls. One w;:s that they repented, of full knowledge of right and wrong mid fully understanding all ithiit was being done, tlicir deliberate dcteriiiiuution. before Coil mid thiit iDiigre gation.'|o give lo timi all that un.- His. to believe all that was true, .-ind to do all t hal, was light. The oiherpai-t was thal (.'ml would help thean to see how to be good mid I nie mid to ls- Christ's faithful soldiers lo thc cud of their lives. The candidates wore then presented singly by the chaplain and thc ceremony of the laying on of hands was performed. Tho Itishop, in his second ad- dress, used as his text-" Ve shall ni-eivo the power after tho Holy (,'hosl, be upon you and ye shall lie divine witnesses." How could one keep Hitit good thing Ï Hy simple, but .iiiipoi'liiulL ways. Thc first was prayer, which really incant coniiiiu uiou with Cod. Asking for iieeessnrios was only n secondary usc of prayer. Without prayer one could not live as a Christian. Then one might ask how to pray ami when. As ono arose in Hie morning «nd retired nt night, ho should also go on bis knee to God mid in tho middle of Hie day he should breathe at least ono prayer, however short. Thou be should read God's Word. As in prayer one spoke to and with Gkid, so in His Wonl Coil would spink io man. At least «ne verse should Hie road every duy. Those on whom ha nils hud ticen luid wore now admitted lo tine full lneinbors'hip of Christ's Church mid could demand its pri- vileges. The service was concluded willi the singing of the Oivmn 'Tight lillie Good Fight With All Thy Might," followed by tho Itonodiolion. Thorn were no cases for 'hearing ut thc Police- Court, on Saturday. For Bronchial1 Coughs take Woods'* iGosafc Pcppcnnint Cine. ls. fid.-Advt. 