/ Passing Notes. The Fiscal Ghost.— The politi cians hove resurrected the skeleton of fiscijlistn and are putting flesh and sinews on ther bara white bones in order to make 'it fight with old fashioned fury at the comisg Federal elections. Mr Pulsford and, Mr. 'Schey are in charge of the skeleton. Thoy are pull ing tbe political atribga and the figure is working slowly but .surely. - On the freetrade side we tiave the one time frantic followers of Cobden roused after a truce and on the other side we have the lately lost legions of the scien tific tarifiiets hurrying to their base. The people may protest that they do not want to .think or talk tariff for the remainder of their days. - They may hurl maledictions at the heads of- those who disturb the slumbering monster of fiscalism into torturing activity. Pro test and malediction will - avail tbem nothing The fiat' haa gone forth and the Federal fight will bo noisy and rude with rival tariffs. Mr. Rnid will be found fighting for his Federal life with weapons of argument exactly ?similar to those employed by Mr. Wise — hia hated provincial peraoual and political,, rival. Mr. Barton will find himself] in fiscal- antagonism to his Federal friend Mr.- McMillan, while Mr. Crick and his colleague Mr. Fegan will strive to trip each other over the tariff. Mr. Bruce Smith and Dr. MacLaurin, who were at financial daggers drawn over the Draft Consti tution, will be fraternally allied over Federal freetrade ; and John 'Haynea and W. F. Sohey, who were anti-Bill playmatea, will be separated by a fiscal barrier and be on politically pugna cious terms. And all on account of the precious tariff. Likewise the elec tors at large, who dropped the fiscal question and joined either the Bill or tbe anti-Bill brigades, will be search ing for associates in sympathy with their particular brand of fiscalism. The outlook is therefore anything but pleasant to those who love peace and quietness. * # ? The Battle Fields. — It is not safe to write much about the situation in South Africa. What ia penned in the morning may have to be struck out in the afternoon. Likewise, what is carefully figured out at midnight may be falsified by breakfast time. The morning press fell into such a trap the other day. One portion of the papers was devoted to much pleasurable com ment on the news of the British occu pation of Spion Kop. In other por tions of the papers was the 'second edition' with the staggering headlines 'Spion Kop — abandoned by the Brit ish.' Ab wo have tad many victories followed by reverses, so we muat look for reverses followed by victories. It ia all in the game of war as practised iu South Africa. Another - thing that discourages comment is the certainty that there will be a general and imme diate advance into the southern portion of the Orange Free State, and this programme will interfere with calcu lations regarding every point in the campaign. Pressure on the south of the Republic of Steyn must attract thousands of the enemy from Natal and Modder River. As the British now outnumber the Boera by two to *one, and as they will outnumber them by three to one by tbe end of this month, there can be no doubt as to the issue of a vigorous advance northward, from De Aar. Numbers muat tell in the comparatively open country, and within a few months Riberts should reach1 the ramparts -of Pretoria. That such au operation will be of the blood iest description is unhappily only too. certain, but it is inevitable and the price the Empire must pay for assent ing to paramountcy. The coat in life and treasure will stagger humanity, but humanity must be staggered on this occasion. The Boers having begun the business, the British muat aee it through, even if the enterprise were ten timea as difficult. Any coneidera tion of conditions of peace short of absolute surrender on the part of the Boers would be as disastrous to Brit ish honor and prestige as straight out defeat. If the business on hand were simply an affair between the British and the BoerB the Empire could affoRl to be lenient. But the civilised world expects the Empire to beat the Boers not in the conditions of a peace, but in tbe armed -struggle. That is why England must go through with it. Governor Latnington and his lady leave London for Brisbane in Maroh next. There was just a fear, or was it merely on opinion, that his Ex would not return. His resignation may come with the proclamation of tl\e Common wealth. Lord Beauchomp's goodbye will in murmured then. William Morgan ('Will Honey comb,' editor of tbe Dubbo Dispatch) ia at time of ^rltiug hopelessly ill. He proved himself an ideal western editor, for he knew the people and the pecu liarities of the territory 'aud the land question, and every other matter of western concern and interest, tho roughly. He could write solidly, aud when the' humour seized him he could write a column of exquisite gossip seething tvith native wit and origin ality. British soldiers in South Afriaa ap pear from all accounts to be badly fed. The nor office Bhould be brought severely to book over this neglect. Tho wealthiest nation iu the' world Bhould have an abundance of the beBt food for ita heroes. We hear of spies beiug shot. It should be a good thing to have a few spare bullets for the contractors for army supplies, whose patriotism consists in makiug as much profit its possible out of a troubled Empire. Thero is another lull in tho Federal Capital competition, odd many aspiring settlements are- perspiring too much to call attention to their olaims — and climate, ... 