" THE EXAMINEE." j SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3RD, 1900. Alif. G. if. ßEID IN ADELAIDE. Mr. REID has begun the political campaign in connection with the Federal Parliament. The scene of the initiatory proceedings was in Adelaide, where on Monday evening last be delivered a characteristic address to a large audience. A few weeks ago Mr. REID had almost made up his mind not to seek a seat in the Federal House of Representa- tives. He had weighed the matter carefully and seen that by devoting himself - to Commonwealth politics he would have to sacrifice a great deal of bis professional business, and such a sacrifice would be a very serious matter. Moreover, he recog- nised that he bad not even tbe ghost of a chance of becoming the first Federal Prime Minister, and Mr.'HEID has reached that stage in his career in which be cannot be satisfied wilh a subordinate position in politics, Ant Ccesar aut nulhis bas been his motto ever since he <became Premier of New South Wales; But none of his friends, and certainly none of bis opponents, believed that he would finally make up his mind not to seek a seat in the Federal Legislature. The fact is he is so consti- tuted, and has received so much applause as a politician, that be cannot keep' out of politics. Apart from this business be would not be happy. It is the very breath of bis nostrils. And when the suggestion was made to bim from Adelaide that be should become the leader of an Australasian Freetrade party, as he is the leader/of a similar party in New South Wales, he eagerly accepted it. and anxiety respecting what consequences might happen to bis private practice as a barrister if he became a member of the Federal House of Repre- sentatives vanished.- He took <£he .plunge and raised the standard of Freetrader i .ín Mr. REID'S address at Adelaide? there was a.lot-of humbug; but thatüs not'.sur- prising, for ever since he has occupied a prominent position un politics he7 has been notorious'for the practice of the art of humbugging-the people. Hardly a speech that he has delivered during that period on a controversial subject will bear the test of intellectual analysis. Each one- has been full of misrepresentations. Sophistry bas been its main characteristic. The laws of logic have been defied; history' bas been defied ; experience^ has been defied. And this has been particularly true cf his plat- form utterances. If one desire* proof of these statements, let him comparé Mr. REID'S speeches with, those of the lats Sir HENRY PARKES and W. C. WENTWORTH, who were well-read and keenly^observanfc men, and thought more of their reputation for intellectuality than they did of " tickling the ears of the groundlings," or of gaining a victory by the arts of sophistry. Mr. REID declared that the issue at "the first Commonwealth elections must be Free- trade versus Protection. That is sheer humbug. If the Commonwealth Constitution were like that of any other Federal Government in the world, such an issue would be; practic- able; but being what it is, there cannot be an issue of the kind. When Mr. REID con- sented to the placing of the " Braddon Blot" in.the Constitution he roust have;;known perfectly well, being no fool, that '^Federal election could not be fought on Free-trade versus Protection lines; The Braddon clause requires that four times as much »revenue shall be raised through the Customs Houses j as the Commonwealth Government will require for its expenses, and thatJmeans, of course, that fully 75 per cent.:'of the imports-will have lo be taxed/ The official statisticians in the several States agree that the taxation must be heavy. Including spirits and^'tobacco, it. will probably be nearly 20 per cent ad valorem. iThat is the rate in "Canada, which enjoys the blessing-as Mr. REID would call .it-of a Free trade Government. Under thjf'se cir- cumstances, is it not the most complete humbug to talk about fighting for.r fiscal principles? It is said of the priests, and augurs of ancient Rome that they laughed at each otber when they were imparting the doctrines of the national religion to the -por»plo-:_nnH_i t- «nap_ ha_that_ KO ru eupqli tic&l; champions of : the present act in"" a "similar manner when they ' are discoursing on economic subjects. Freedom of trade, as illustrated by either the British or the New South Wales tariff, we understand ; but to use the phrase freedom of trade in connec- tion with a tariff that the Braddon, clause requires is to do violence to the English language, and to take it for granted that the majority of the voters in Australasia are fools. r-1" - Needless to say, Mr. REID hashed, up, in. Adelaide, the many sophistical statements' concerning the. economic'controvesy that he had used times without number in New South Wales. And, of course, he con- tradicted himself ; clap- trap orators^!ways do. In one sentence he said that England's greatness was causedjby>ïréetrade ;; and in another, he deprecated Australians, having anything to da with manufactories. The latter' sbouid confine their energies to industries' connected with the soil. Yet the cause of England's industrial greatness is her .manufactoriesand operatives' in those establishments arie paid from 33 to 100 per cent.', more than farm labourers. What has proved so good for Great Britain should surely be good for Australia. Victoria was held- up to ridicule by the orator,- and contrasted with New South Wales. It was nob deemed' worth0, while to mention that we have nearly four times the territory there is in Victoria, the principal coal minea on the continent, and a silver field that produces annually many tons of the precious metal. Fair comparisons Mr. REID never bas made when declaiming from the stump on his favourite topic,"-and it is to be feared he never will.; A short refer- ence was made by him to the United States ; but he soon skidded away from 'that' topic. Considering its tariff, the United States ought to be, if Mr. REID'S reasoning were true, the least prosperous of all the great nations; but it is the most prosperous. Not only is it the greatest manufacturing country in the world, but during the first half of the present year it exported more manufactured goods than Great Britain. And we do not hear of any of the' American working men leaving their country and becoming residents either in England or Australia. .' It is to be regretted that Mn REID has raised this question ; but it mav bei boped that the electors lnr New SouthíWáies will not; permit themselves, to be deluded into the belief that it is possible to hare anything resembling Freetrade in Australia.! under the Commonwealth Act. The important thing is that' first-rate men, whatever their fiscal creed,1 should be sent into th«.Com- monwealth. Parliament. Mr. REID should be there; so should Sir WILLIAM LYNE, and Messrs. BARTON, WISE, SEE, M'MILLAN, and a few other prominent politicians whose names could be mentioned. Tbe work to do in the Parliament will be so difficult that no man of inferior mental calibre should be returned, least of all men whose ability is confined to facility in the utterance of party shibboleths. It would be a calamity of great magnitude if the standard of-iniel lect. in the first Federal Parliament' were no higher than that in some of the existing State Legislatures; in that case the'Com- monwealth 'would be in grave danger of making a bad start, and many years might elapse before the mischief done was rectified. 