'LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD.' A SUCCESSFUL REPRODUC- TION. The very large audience which assembled in the Oremorne Theatre lait night, when MessrB Jones and Lawrenoe opened their three nights' season with the pantomime, ' LitMe Red Riding Hood,' came away perfeolly satisfied that the glowing accounts which had been pub lished on all sides in regard to this company's performances were by me ns exaggerated. The members of the audience were tbrongbout fully satisfied with the entertainment, and, tbey showed their appreciation in an unmistakable manner on numerous occasions This was no more than tbe company deserved, for the reproduction was in nearly avery respect oertainly the best that has yet been given of any piece in Goolgardie. The management has evidently spared neither pains nor expense in the mounting ana dressing, and a truly charming effeot has been the result* Tbe title doea not suggest much, and, indeed, it may be Baid that, left lb itself, 'Little Red Riding Hood' would not satisfy playgoers. With their oharaoteristio foresight and knowledge of the publio's tastes and wishes, Mes rs Jones and Lawrenoe reoogniBed this fact and made provision accordingly. Tbeir provision has, in tbis instanoe, bad a splendid effect, and it must be admitted that, in the piece that they are now showing, they have aohieved their greatest snooesB. The oompany right through is a strong one, and it can scarcely be charged with carrying among its many members any who are not capable of taking a leading plaoa in any combination. An extensive critic'sm of tbe oompany cannot, bowsver, be given bete; but, at the same time, praise eatinot be withheld from those wbo figured BO prominently last night. Chief among those in the pantomime proper come Mr Albert Bellman aa Bsron de Wolf and MIBB Lottie MoGre as Little Red Riding Hood. Tbe former's ample proportions and robust voice enable him to aot the pBrt of ' the bloodthirsty mon ater,' as he » described on the pro- gramme, to perfection, while, as a kind of extra, he appears in one portion of the entertainment as Father Christmas, and in' a topical song doles out from his traditional bag a number of iarticles whio'i fit in with the expressions of his song. Miss Moore was exceedingly well plaoed 'in the name part, her appear ance being eminently suitable, her movements graoeful and oharming, and her whole impersonation of the character such as should be well oaloulated to enchant a fairy prinoe. Ber vooal effortB were well leoeived, wbioh almost goes without saying when it is remarked that the.e include Eipling's popular patriotio number, ' The Abssat-Minded Beggar,' The entertainment, especially in tbe seoond and third acts, is exceedingly' lsnghable, the mirth provoking element being abundantly supplied by Messrs Will Farley, Clod, a working man ; Guy Farley, Rosey Kate, a village beauty ; Harry Gray, Puok, alias tbe « Forrest' King;' Ted Snttoo, Devastino, the wolf's lieutenant; and Harry Carlton, Granny. These, in themselves, supply an enteitainment which is worth tbe money that if' charged for admission, their oomical character songs, more particularly those of Messrs Carlton and Sntton, being uproariously fanny. A special attractive item, and one which drew rounds of applause from the audience, was a graoeful serpentine dance by Miss Jessie Thornton. Tbe danpiag was well exeoutei?, and thn effect was heightened immensely by kaleidoskopio limelight efieots. Two performers who are worthy of speoial mention were Messrs Ted and Bert Lennon, who, in tbe gruesome character of ghosts of the *?knll and croBBbone type, perfermed some very olever feats. Miss Ettie Williams as Jaok, Mr. Frank Hymen aa Wiggle Waggle, Mr Joe Cowan as Dame Hood, Miss Amy Thornton as Buttercup,, and MiBB Farley aB Zenetta all <ook tbeir par's well, and assisted materially in bringing nbont the suocess of the evening. The instrumental music, whioh ia under tbe direction of Mr Jamea Stewart, who is now so well known on the goldfielde, was a prominent feature of the evening, and it aided very considerably in heightening the general effeot. The pantomime will be reproduced here to-night and to-morrow night. 