Alleged Fenian Plot Exposed. CAMPAIGN THREATENED. MANIFESTO ISSUED. TSE GHOST OF PIGOPf. The ''Times" newspaper bas just ex- posed "--mother Fenian plot." The United Brotherhood is about to seize the-opportunity afforded by our South African troubles to found the "Irish Republic" If the "Times" is correct, it is probable that we are on the verge of another Fenian campaign in Ire- land. But its also probable that the "Times" is a liar. From the circular issued at the head- quarters of the Brotherhood, and printed in extenso, by the "Times," we quote the following passages : THE MANIFESTO. "England's difficulty has at last come, and it remains to be seen ; whether it shall al-o turn out to be Irelands opportunity. It will indeed be Ireland's opportunity if Ireland's | sons throughout the world prove them- selves equal to the opportunity. -j "lío such opportunity has ever been presented to the Irish people, not even ! by the American Revolution or the Crimean "War, when Ireland was de- Î nuded of regular troops. The military necessities abroad are already beyond I anything which England has ever had to; face before. They are increasing j day by day, and may soon reach the/ point where her military organisation,'j which is notoriously imperfect, wiil break down. If that point is reached i the disruption of the British Empire will be ia sight. "It is a situation whieh renders it possible for this organisation to make itself felt to be to the DETRIMENT OF ENGLAND, . and the advantage of her^ enemies. It can enlarge the «phere ofits action and increase its powers and resources as th© struggle goes on, and make use of that struggle to organise the Irish race at home and abroad for the supreme effort for Ireland's freedom. 'To hare any chance of success in these efforts the organisation must have both men and money at their command ; perfect discipline and self control must prevail in its ranks, and the Executive must nave the confi- dence of its members. Loose talking jn public must be stopped, and it must be clearly recognised that the ordinary camp meeting of the reunion is not the proper place to discuss plans pf war which require secrecy in their execu- tion. .* j " We call for not less than 50 per j cent, of tho funds shown tr» be in" the ' treasuries of the ca--»ips of the united j organisation by th«í last term reports to be forwarded at once through'the . regular channel ix> the treasurers. ''Each camp -will receive a muster roll to be ;filled' up, as directed,7 with: j names of those who are' willing to j volunteer for active «ervfóe anywhere, j without" pay, and subject to' orders. ! The name of ? no man" having a wife ] and family dépendent on him should - in any case be put on the list, and none will be accepted but men who have ac- quired a thorough military training, or those having special qualifications re- quired in actual service, such as doc- tors, engineers, veterinary surgeons, armourers, horse-shoers, telegraph operators, or linesmen. Those anxious for service who have no military train ing must remove that obstacle before they can be considered. " Let there be no misunderstanding ing in this matter. This is HOT A CALL TO ABMS, nor a promise to accept the service of any man who may volunteer. It is simply thc first necessary step towards putting our people in readiness to meet emergencies. " In view of the serious character of. the work before us, it is necessary to exercise extraordinary care and vigi- lance in the admission of new mem- bers. England's secret service was never more active than now, and its agents will strain every nerve to gain. admission to our ranks. The organi- sation needs men and needs money, but it must never be forgotten that one man may do irreparable harm. No man should 'be admitted, no matter how strong his profession of zeal for the cause, unless his antecedents are thoroughly shown: " Brothers, the fate of Ireland is in your hands, the future of the Irish race, depends on your action. "God save Ireland. "Fraternally yours, the Joint Exe- cutive, i " X. (Chairman). j "A. (Chairman)." J 