SCHEHERAZADE. A LONDON NIGHT'S ENTER- TAINMENT. BY FLORENCE WARDEN. CHAPTER XXIV.— (Continued.) George returned to the big house which was so detestably impregnated with the thought of Chloris and her vilely-earned money, and inquiring for his wife learnt that she was in her bath. This was with Nouna by means the perfunctory daily ceremony of Euro- peans, but was a luxurious pleasure in which she spent many hours of the hot summer days, having had a room fitted up to recall, as far as possible, her dim 'half-imagined memories of the cool inner courts of an In- dian palace. George knocked at the door, and Nouna, recognising the tread, in a timid and uncertain voice bade him come in. The room was paved and wainscoted with tiles; the bath, a large one six feet square, but only three deep, was sunk into the floor with two steps down into the water on all the sides, the whole being lined with sea-green tiles that gave a pretty tint to the water. A lamp hung in brass chains from the ceiling: a long mirror reaching down to the ground occupied the middle of the wall. A sofa, a rug, a table, with fruit and coffee, and a lit- tle window conservatory with thin lace cur- tains before it, were all the rest of the furni- ture. Nouna, in a blue and white cotton garment which was no encumbrance, was peering up from the corner of the bath fur- thest from the door like a frightened water- nix. As George came over to her. she made straight for the opposite corner, and seeing that she did not mean to be approached near- er, he moved away from the bath and sat down on the sofa. "I frightened you just now, I am afraid, Nouna." he began in a very humble voice. "No-o." she answered, plucking up spirit as she saw she was safe from attack. "I mean, perhaps you thought me cross and — and rough, because I didn't talk to you much on the way home." "You were cross and rough." "Well, I'm very sorry, for I didn't mean to be. I had had news which upset me, and made me so wretched that I forgot every- thing else." "What news?" she asked very softly, slid- ing through the water to the side of the bath nearest to him, and leaning her bare wet arms on the tiles of the floor. For she be- gan, now that her fright was over, to see that he was unhappy. He paused for a few moments to consider how he should best break it to her. At last it came out, however, with masculine blunt- ness. "You know what you would say, Nouna, if you heard that there had been a mistake— about the money — suppposed to be left us, and that we were as poor as ever again. and had to give up this house and everything - even your jewels!" The water all round the poor child began to quiver with litttle widening ripples, as she trembled at the shock of this most dire cala- mity — even his previous suggestion of it seemed to have had no effect in softening the blow. As for George, he felt that all the previous horrors of the miserable day had produced no pang so acute as the one he now felt, when he had to deal with his own hands the blow which crushed, for the time at least, all the bright happiness of the only creature he loved in the world. He sat like a culprit, with hanging head and loosely- clasped hands, too much afraid of breaking down himself to attempt to soften the gloomy picture by a word of hope. It was she who broke the silence first. "My jewels! No. I shan't have to give those up," she whispered eagerly, "for they were given me by mamma!" George looked at her with haggard eyes, noticing that the mere mention of her mother soothed her, let in a ray of sweet sunshine at once upon the black- looking prospect. "But supposing we were so badly in debt that even they had to be sold!" he suggested in a hoarse voice that he tried in vain to clear. "Then I should drown myself!" cried Nouna tragically, and she descended a step lower in- to the water as if to fulfil the dread purpose immediately. "What, Nouna!" cried George, "don't you think me worth living for? Do you think, when I've lost everything else, you ought to take away just what would console me for it all? Do you, Nouna?" She hung her head, and crawling, meek and ashamed like a truant dog, out of the water, laid herself face downwards on the tiled floor at a little distance from his feet. But when he stooped, towards her she said, her voice ringing out with passionate sin- cerity: "Don't touch me! Let me lie here till I'm good, and then you may pick me up and for- give me." "But listen. I've something else to tell you— something that perhaps you will like to hear." "What is it?" She raised her head and looked up at him. "We shall be very poor, as I told you, and shan't be able to have a nice house, or many pretty things. But I'm going to take you to live in Paris—" "Paris!" He had scarcely uttered the word when she repeated it like a shout of triumph, and springing from the floor, snatched a lace-bordered and embroidered sheet which was lying on a little white por- celain stove in one corner of the room, and wrapping it round her with one dexterous sweeping movement, slipped off her bathing dress like a loose skin from underneath it, and flinging herself on to the sofa beside her husband, put a transformed and glowing face up to his, as she whispered in a tone of rapture: "Then I don't mind anything— any- thing, for I shall see mamma." With an uncontrollable impulse George drew himself away from her and started to his feet. He felt sick, and a film gathered before his eyes, preventing him from finding the handle of the door, which he sought with cold, clammy fingers. "George!" A little hand found its way to his throat, and was laid against his neck. His arms fell down listelessly, and as he stood still and felt that he was touched by clinging fingers, and heard Nouna's voice in its most caressing tones, his sight came again. He looked down, and put his hands on his wife's shoulder. "Why are you going away, George? Why are you going away?" "I don't feel well, dearest." "Well, sit by me, and I will take your head in my lap and nurse you." She led him gently back to the sofa. But presently, when she had curled herself up in a corner of it, and making him lie full length had pillowed his head upon her breast, and administered kisses and Eau-de-Cologne al- ternately with great lavishness, she peered into his face with a new inspiration, and said mysteriously: "You are not ill — you are unhappy." He protested he was only grieving at the change in their fortunes for her sake. Nouna laughed gently. "I was silly," she said, "and wicked. In the first moments of surprise one does not know what one says. I don't mind at all! I would rather be poor in Paris than rich in London." He shivered, though Nouna, with some tact, believing he was jealous, had not men- tioned her mother again. But she examined his face attentively, and saw that the drawn, hopeless look remained. After a few mo- ments she slipped her shoulder away very tenderly from beneath his head, which she transferred to a cushion; and George heard the door softly shut after her as she went out. He called to her, but she took no no0 tice, and he supposed she had gone to dress. But in a few minutes the ghost-like figure glided in again, looking just the same, and came to where he was now sitting upright on the sofa. "There!" she said triumphantly, and she put her jewellery, piece by piece, down to a little gold bar brooch which he had given her before their marriage, into her husband's pockets. "You can go and sell them this minute if you like. You see I don't mind a bit. Not — a — bit." she repeated deliberately, and then looked into his face to see whether this willing act of self-sacrifice had brought him consolation. George smiled at her, and told her she was a good child; but his smile was still very sad, and the hand, which he placed on her shoul- der trembled. Then Nouna, who was sit tin on the rug at his feet, began to cry quiet- ly. Their usual mutual position was revers- ed. It was she who now wanted to get nearer to him, and did not know how. A strange deadness seemed to have come over him, so that he did not notice even her tears. He was indeed arranging his plans for their departure from England, with some distrust of his wife's fortitude at the end. At last, when amazement at this singular state of af- fairs had dried her eyes, and she had sat mournfully staring at her husband in utter silence for some minutes, a light broke upon her face, and she sprang up suddenly into a kneeling position. Joining her hands together above his knees like a child, and looking out instinctively at the glimpse of darken- ing sky visible between the leaves of the plants in her little window conservatory, she said with all the solemnity and timidity of a person who is undertaking for the first time an arduous responsibility: "Pray God to comfort my husband George, if I cannot." This startled George, and broke him up al- together, reserve and fortitude and manly dignity and all. He snatched her up in his arms with such impetuous haste that her slippers flew off and exposed little pink toes to the air, and enfolding her in a hug that went night to stopping her breath, burst into sobs like a hungry and beaten child. CHAPTER XXV. To George Lauriston's infinite surprise and comfort, his young wife, instead of dealing him fresh wounds in his misfortune by la- mentations over their altered lot, fell quite naturally into the woman's part of helpmeet, and eased the wrench of breaking from his old career by an unwavering brightness and sweetness which woke in him the fairest hopes of what their life together might yet be. On the other hand, this sudden change from winsome wilfulness to still' more win- some womanlines could not fail to rouse in him some anxiety as to its cause. Had she received any communication from her mo- ther, either through the hateful Rahas or some other channel? Her secretive nature made it difficult to discover the truth on such points. "Why are you so kind to me now, little woman?" he asked her two days after the memorable return from Norfolk, when their preparations for departure were already half made. "Kind! Wasn't I always kind to you?" she asked, not quite evasively, yet with more understanding than she affected to have. "Yes, but not quite in the same sweet way." "Ah, ha! It's the pictures and the music and the sermons you've taken me to begin- ning to have an effect at last." she said, not flippantly, for though she laughed her eyes began to glisten. George was touched, but greatly puzzled. "Have you heard anything from Sundran since she left?" asked he carelessly, after allowing an interval to elapse so that the question might appear to have no connec- tion with what had gone before. "No." said Nouna; then, after a pause, she looked up at her husband mysteriously. "Do you know what I think?' "Well!" "I believe she has managed, how I don't know, to find her way back to mamma. I've been thinking it over a great deal, and I fancy when she found out the Colonel," — she lowered her voice — "she thought she ought to let mamma know where to find him." And Nouna finished with a slow em phatic nod of her small head. "That's a very clever suggestion." said George, who indeed had reason to think so. He felt relieved, for Nouna's want of candor had never gone the length of deliberately planned deceit, and he decided- upon the strength of this short dialogue that she had heard nothing. The real reason of his wife's altered con- duct was not likely to occur to him. Coming of a race which places the one sex in such complete subjection to the other that con- fidence between them is impossible, she pos- sessed, together with that cautious over-re- ticence which is the weapon or the weak, its correlative virtue — a delicate tact which avoided a sensitive place discreetly, and made no attempt to lay bare a wound which her lord wished to conceal. Something had happened to make George unhappy— this kind husband who had cherished her so tenderly, who had denied her no proof of his affection. Her woman's heart was deeply touched; if she had any curiosity it could wait for its satisfaction until by and by when he was better. In the meantime she would be loyally good to him, even to the extent of checking her secret sobes over the parting with the plants and perfumes and knick- knacks which had grown into her frivolity- loving heart. George got the bank appointment, through, the efforts of Lord Florencecourt, who told him he had had a close race with a connection of the man who was to.be manager of the Paris branch. "He's a disagreeable man, the manager, Mr. Gurton," said the Colonel, "I hope you'll get on all right with him. The young fellow he wanted to get in is a lad he calls his nephew, but by all accounts he is what nephews have a trick of turning out to be. Gurton is rather savage over the disappoint- ment. Fortunately, I was able to prove that the lad is not so steady as he might be." "Thank you, Colonel. It's very good of you to take so much trouble. I'm sorry about the mysterious nephew. Unless he's an exceptionally just man, it will make him so ready to find fault with me. And of course I'm quite raw to the work." "Oh, I don't think it's difficult— mere rou- tine for the most part. My boy, it is a shame for you to be tied to such work." "Well, all work is routine. It can't be worse for that than the army. And then there are prizes. Who knows but I may end my days as a prosperous banker, with an income which would make a General's mouth wa ter?" (To be continued,) 