SYDNEY WOOL KALES. On Monday tho Sydney Wool SoUiug Brokers' Association, after a lapso of three weeks, resum ed tho wool sales at the Wool Exchange, Mao- qunrie Place. A very fair selection of wools for the time of tho year was submitted. The quan tity catalogued totalled 8109 bales, ana the sales amounted to 7231 bales, as follows : — Tho Australasian Mortage and Agonoy Company Limited, 405 bales; Nlossrs, Ooldsbrongh.Mort, and Company, 482; the Pastoral Financo Association, Limited, 2216 ; nnd Messrs. HarriBon, Jones, and Duvlin, Limited, 4128 bales. There was a largo attendance of buyers, and compoiition was animated for the most descriptions, but only up to limits, which showed a reduction on the rates current a month ago, whon salos woro last hold, of from 5 to 10 per cent., crcat irregularity being still apparent. Both greasy and scourou Buffered to the extent mentioned, though in tho ease of tho latter thoro was a more regular demand. Crossbreds, especially low grades, wcro also lower. Lambs wool had a good demand, and scoured locks and small pieces did not seem to bo quito ao much a ffoc ted as other sorts. Ownora reserves are still above tho market, accounting for the largo proportion of withdrawals, viz., 3600 bales out of 8199 offered. In tho greasy section up to 15d was realised, this price being paid for a parcel marked R.W. over Now England, from Uralla, being woll grown, free, sound, and bright. Scoured sold to 241 for G.M. over R., from Roekhamnlon, 11 bales 1st and 2nd scoured oombing bringing this price ; tho wool was bright, free, and well goL up. Tho Sydney Wool Selling Brokers' Associa tion has bcon at considurablu trouble in pre paring a table of values, defining tho rnarkot diffbrencos in tho various divisions. Tlio following is the tablo, aud the prices wero tho current rates ruling previous to Monday's sales, Greasy merino skirted : Extra light bright, good staple 13£d to 151 ; good condition, good staple, 12d to 13d ; inodiuin condition, fair staple, lOjd to 111; heavy condition, fair staple, 8j to lOd. Greasy merino pieces: Extra light, bright, free, 12(1 to J3id ; good condition, slightly hurry, 11 jd to 121 ; medium condition, slightly hurry, OJd to 10&d; ; heavy condition, slightly burry, 9Jd to Od. Greasy merino liclliea : Extra light, long, slightly 'burry, !0?d to 11 d; good condition, slightly hurry, Ojd to lOd ; modium condition, slightly hurry, 7d tn 8Jd; heavy condition, burry tfjd to 7$d. Greasy merino locks : Extra light condition, fair staple, 6jd to 7Jd ; medium condition, 41 to 5d ; heavy 3d lo 4d. Greasy crossbred, fino skirted : Extra light, bright, good staple, 13d to 14d ; good condition aim stanlo, lljf to 12Jd ; medium condition, 10jd to 1 Id ; heavy condition, 8jd to 9.d. Greasy long- wool skirted, three- quarter to Sure bred : Extra light, lustrous, freo, 7 id to id ; medium condition, 5jd to 5?d ; heavy condition, 4 i«l to 5d. Scoured merino: Extra light, bright good staple, 24Jd to 20?d ; good condition, good staple 23d to 24d ; medium condition, good ....1. Ot.l OA!.! . I......... I!i! ... 1 oiaj/iw -»u iu Mill , I1UUVV WIIUHIUU, UOOtl stapio, 19jd to 20i<1. scoured merino pieces: Extra light, bright, good staple 22Jd to 24d ; good condition, good stapio, 21 jd to 22d ; medium condition, good staple, 19d to 20d; hoavy condition, 17id to 18jd. Scoured merino bullies : Extra light, bright, good staple 21 jd to 22id ; good condition, good staple, 19d to 20d ; medium condition, good staple, I7d to 18d ; heavy condition, 15d to 1UH J 3 Scoured merino locks : Extra light, bright, fair staple, 18d to lOjfd ; good condition, fair stapio, lOd 17jd ; medium condition, 13Jd to 141d ; heavy condition, llgd to 12?d. Noto.— Unskilled or burry, Id to IJd per lb less for all descriptions. Ho.hmtal Tf.sdkks. — On reference to our advertising columns, it will ho found that tenders are invited for gonoral supplies for tho yoar 1900. Full particulars can lie obtained from tho Secretary. Tenders will closo on Vri'llnu inet An IsiroitTANT Land Aitbal.— An important coso came before tho Land Appeal Court on Wednesday, 7th Inst., involving tho quoation bY far an un-naturalised British aubjoet could hold land under tlio Crown Lands Act. Tlio point croppod up with regard to a rcferonco by the Glen lnnes Land Board for direction in respect of Honry Hotto's conditional purohaso application No. 00-12, Glen limes. Tho facta of tno caso wore that tho applicant was a Gorman, and was not a naturalised British subjoot within tho moaning of seotion 41 of tlio Crown Lands Act of 1893. Tho ovidonco showod tlmt ho hod applied for a o.p, of 40 acres. Ho was 33 yoars of ago, and camo to tho colony wjion nino years of age. Apparently, through iuadvertenco or ignuratico, ho hail never applied to bo naturalised. If, counsol euggostod, tho Court declared that tho applicant could not hold tho c.p., it might make somo recommendation to lho local land board undor Ibo remedial sections of tho Act; but, in the first place, it seoiuod to him that tho aooision of tho Court must bo against tho Applicant. £he Court reserved its decision, Fat Cattlb Sale. — Attention iscallod to tho salo of 150 pi imo young bullooks and cowa by Cudell and Co., ou Friday, 2nd March at 2 p.ui. nt tho Corporation Yards. Thoy are from tho Wamhiamia paddocks. Ciiuiicii of England Temfkranck Society. — Tho monthly meoting of this Society will bo huhl iu tho School Hall this (Thursday) evening. It wilt tako tho form of a concert, tho proceeds of which will bo given to tlio local Patriotio Fund. Narromine to Wkf.mabaii. — Mr. S. Phillip, M. P., has received from tho Deputy Postmaster-General n letter stating that the petition from Narromino-Woomahan residents tor lho establishment of a mail twice a week is under consideration. Auction Sale.— At tlio Mart, on Friday, Mr. E. N. Blaokot, will ocll a quantity of goods, including buggy harness, saddles, bridles, furniture, mattresses, carpenters tools, lawn mowor, and a number of other articles. .Saturday Nioiit Entertainment. — An entertainment will bo held in tho Wesloyan Church on Saturday night, 17th instant-, at 8 p.m., consisting of "Murloy's Ghost," recita tions, limelight views, and singing. As the prices of admission aro small, thoro should bo a good attendance. PersoNB who tako passago homo by tlio Mcssa- nA.in, Mnritimrxq fbrnnnlt tnnill boaLS travel through Franco, oud seo tho large cities of that country at no orlra cost. English interpreters moot tho possongurs at Marseilles, and givo them overy assistance in landing and passing thoir luggago throughtho Customs, fto. Special Areas.— Tho following has been sot apart as a special area : — 84 acres, portion 65, county Narromine, pariah Budduh— price per acre, £1 10s ; estimated value of improvements, fonoing 10s 8d ; nine miles from Narrotniuo and about 26 milos from Dubbo, level country, light brown olay and a little sandy subsoil, partly forest, of box nnd pine and partly opon box forest, Mounted Rifle Coups for Dunuo. — At a meeting held at tho ltnyul Hotel on Friduy lost, tho Mayor (Mi. J. A. Ryan) In lho chair, it was carried that a mounted riflo corps, in connected with Dubbo and district, bo formed. Persons wishing to join are requested lo forward their names lo Mr. Harloy Antill, secretory. Ago, 18 to 40. Troopers will only bo required to provide thenisolvea with horses and sa/fdtes. Wuuhunua Park.— Mr. S. Phillips, M.P., writca as follows ro tho Woorunga. Park, at South Dubbo " Tho voto passed by PArlia- iiiunt hist session for parks has not yet been apportioned. 1 nm informed by tho Department that it will bo distributed very shortly, and tho request of tho trustees of tno abovo park duly considered. In the meantime havo urged the claim of tho trustees for a giant as requested." Mr. K. T. MacNkvin, C'.l'.S.— Inis ablo and popular officer is at present confhiud to his room suffering from an acuto attack of gastric enteritis. Ho has bcon ill since Friday last hut is now on tho mend and, on tlio advico of his medical adviser, proposes leaving town for a few days in the hope that a change to a loss trying climate will expodilo Ilia recovery. During his absence from office, Mr. Roche, assistant C.P.8. from Orange, is attending to Itia duties. AU Mr. MnoXovhi's friends join in tho hopo for his spcody recovery and thorough restoration to health. Jawdone Hush. — Mr. Kaphaol, of thia (own, put iu a day or two at Jawbono, near Welling ton, last week, and speaks in glowing tonus of the now find. As instances of tlio richness of somo of tlio nlluvial, thia gentleman states that Messrs. Noah and party washed 20 loads of dirt for 20ozs. Hdwts. of gold, and tlio " Bulls- wooll " claim-holders washed 4 loads for Goz. while ho was there.—" Orango Leader." Longevity in Orange. — We obtuincd lho following information from tho local Registrar of births, marriages, nnd deaths: Tho deaths for tho yoar ending the Slab December, 1899, tegislered at tho Court House, wero 163. Of llieso 41 wero 00 yearn and ovor, and their avcrago ago was 72. Tho eldest was 93, tho next 86, nnd the next 85. Tiiero nro plenty of old hands still nhovo ground and in tho district. Wo have a centenarian, whilo our ootogenarians aro as numerous as mosquitoos, being ample ovidonco of tho salubrity of tho climato of tho sanatorium of tho west.— "Advocate." The Orange Hospital Bequest. — Tho shoop left to bo sold by tho executors of Mr. E. Bridson, of Encliareona, wcro dispotcd of by Messrs. Coulson and Co. on Monday atul realised cxoelieut prices. Tho total sates amounted to approximately £400. As some oxpensos— probate, otc. — havo to bo deducted, the hospital should benefit to tho extent of about £350. This will, wo presume, bo doubled by tho Govornmont subsidy, after which tho new wing to tho hospital should bo within measureable distance of prompt commencement. " Advocate." The Muaical Blind Students.— This ex cellent company of musicians and vocalists concluded a season of two nights on Tuesday ovotiing. Thoy had ou Monday night au oversowing audience, and ou tho succeeding evening they woro almost as well patronised. Each number was given with artistio excellence, tho singing of Miss Wotton and Mr. Tainsh being particularly oxcclleut. Mr. Bartlett's songs comprised the welbknown patriotio "Soldiers of tlio Queen" nnd "Sons of tho Sea," to which tho audionco contributed tho choruses In a inoro or less musical manner. On Tuesday ovoning Mr. Bartlott who, notwith standing his a (motion, preserves a gaiety of spirit that is infectious, rendered tho"AI)Bont Minded Beggar," and scored a rapturous encore. This number was tho causo of an addition tn the local Patriotio Fund of £1 Is Od. The Blind Students are n most deserving company, and can uhvays rolv upon a warm weicomo in Dubbo. Presentation to Dr. Machattie. — On Tuesday tho cilizons of Bathurat presented Dr. Machattie with a charger on tho evo of Ids departure for South Africa, where ho is going as Captain of tho "C" squadron of tho Bush, men s Contingent. Tho horso comos from tho Muilgeo district, nnd is a (ino upstanding bay 15.1 hands, aud 1ms sptondid quarters, showing great strength, and is in overy way suitablo for a military woight-carrior. Tho horso is soven years old, nnd thoroughly quiet. He has been used as a stecplcchusor, and took prizes in tho hunting 'contests at lho last Mudgco Show, racing undor tho namo of " Rohol." Tho doctor rode him and expressed himself as being thoroughly satisfied with tho mount. Tho horso is a beautiful animal, and it is the earnest wish of tho citizens ho will carry tho doctor safcly.throuch tho campaign, and return with his master clearing tho Victoria Cross. A soccmd horso had also boon purohascd — a beautiful brown— having all tho appcarauco of a racer, ami both woro preacnted to the doctor in front of the Town Hull, on Tuesday after noon, by tho Mayor (Aldorman Gilmour) in tho , prosonco or n largo assemblage of citizens.— " Bathurat Tinios." Hum Temperatures, — Wlulo wo oomplaiu horo of temperatures of 10/deg. in tho shade, wo scout almost cold in comparison with somo / X(i t««»Potures registered in othor parts of tho world. Tho records fnr a spell of heat is from South-Wostorn Persia, wlioro tho ther mometer has registered over lOOdeg. for 40 days and nights, without onto falling below it. Tlio absolute highest authentic record ia 127dog. from Algoria, and toniporaturos up to 128dog. Imvo boon registered in various places in India, Australia, and othor places. While tho Italians occupied MoshowaIi thoy way that ono night tho thermometer stood at 122deg. Somo few places in Australia havo an nvorago temperature for a mouth of the year of 95dog., for exnmplo, part of Northern Territory in December. In Now South Wales only about half-a-dozon days in tho wholo 40 years of tho records havo been a lilUftfl Li'iiinnrnliipn <\f m-nm nn.l mi.. 1 »£«»»»», u. U1VL UUklUk. XUU Ubliur oxtremo of tomjioraturo is reached nt Verk. hoyansk, in Siberia, wliero OOdcg. below zoio has boon recorded. 