' ?* - - BREymss., - ' taTten'theifpllowihg mtt^i^tn^'j^jnn's MaWoV^haW%*t^;in^favourpfaboliBhmg theAnniial'tflir,.whiphi:peri^^^ mtirio-; bojisesth.fe pri ji ci p als tree is . Marlbw Fair, Is ^cl,%be i helaetinstitb tionof jjtb e, kind' m jBiieink'? . 4°.''?'.*';: j : ^ . j.Two fqnr-horseodaobes left Loriuon for. jRaris. .. One i iwas.jdriyen by a' 'wealthy (Apieriojip ^y. Who fVps taking Out. a plrty pfpeMonalfriends^'.Tbefaresjjaidbiy.the piWsebgorsw'th ,the otber.boacn ;- amounted io-lMminBM.^ TheJialt the ifirffi'; night was«t JSe^ate. , Next da j' Nn wbaven 'was reaobisd/.when the.cdaohos.'nnd ' hoVfebB were iranepb'r£e-J ' tp ' Dieppe. '.Tho jm-rnoy': to 'Paris and back 'lio EijRlish soil was. to be (made by easy, stages ofabout 80 miles a day. i The mnnv. millions left by ' Cbicngd'. ISmitb— the Scotch gentleman whu opoupied jchambers.at the. Reform Club in London -in 1 6*.. a dayVr-haVe proved a windfall to. both England jnnd K&iiicrica.; Tho death duties payable in this' country were' close jnpon. a million sterling, and , the tax ppon (the huge fortupe.bro'pght; ' some millions of idollars. to . the ' A morican Treasnry . Parlianient'lia^ been ^skedito perrnit the British M^enm- to riij;-iJ$e1f of ^ome of the accumulated piles ?bf 'netespapers— London, provincial,, colonial, j'-«nd foreign— which at present occypy thrcB pules of shelves. -The Bloody Tower sit the Tower of Lon don has been restored. ' At the Mint exceptions aro being' made for the ereotldnJ-of a new die department. Tbe Mint' stands on the site of Ettetminster Abbey, whieli for size rivalled that of-Weat - minster. During the excavations' a human skull wiis discovered' under one bf the Soors. Ari'actipn. brought by omnibus proprietors against the London County Couneil to test ?the legality of the action of the council in lunning their halfpenny 'buses froin the termini of their tramway system was.!decided jn the Chancery Division. The Judge held that the council was acting illegally, and Jiu3 overstepped its. powers, as successor to the London Traniwoy Company, in carrying^ on a separate business as omnibus pro prietors. . He would not, however, grant an injunction, pending an appeal. What is supposed to have been a Saxon cemetery has been unearthed near Newport Pagnell. Skeletons have been . foupd lying in a circle, the feet pointing to the centre. Professor- Dewar, who some t'ijpe back astonished tbe scientific world by liquefying hydrogen, has now succeeded in producing hydrogen as a solid. The professor ex-, plained at the Royal Institution bow this gas could be solidifiedb.v. surrounding a tube containing it with liquid air^.tq ipv^yent the ingress of ' heat, and then* by. applying a powerful airpiimp 'to the liquid qydrogen, . transformed it into il white opaque solid. During excavations, at Crewkqrne some curious copper coins were unearthed. One bore the inscription, ' John Howard, F.R S. Remember the debtors in Ilchcstcr Gaol.' There was a representation of Hownrd on the. obverse of tbe coin, and round the edge of it were the words : ' Payable at Banbury, Oxford, and Reading.' In 24, hours clnxe upon 700 trains pass in and out of the Noiv-strcet Railway Station, Birmingham. At Lowestoft, a bricklaycr was sentenced to four months' hard labour on two-charges of damaging ladies' dresses by. throwing oil over tbern. During the last -few months many costly dresses have been spoiled in this manner, and recently the'prisoner was caught in the act. -- The ghost of a ''.White Lady,' who is said to haunt the Castle of Berlin, is re : ported to have been seen lately. Her appearance, ..aocording to the legend, fore bodes the death of some member of tbe Royal House. Tbe story came to tbo oars of the Eaiser, who summoned before him tbe young officer who was one of the ghost 8eera. He was ready with answers as to the lady's height and dress. ' Was she carrying* anything ?' asked the Kaiser. ' Yes ; in her right hand was a candle stiok.' 'And in the left?' 'A box of matches.' Tbe Emperor burst into roars of laughter, and paternally dismissed tbe yopng warrior with the advice not ti peer about corridors and to say no more about the ' White Lady.' Evidently the Emperor holds the sound opinion that ancient ghosts don't walk abnut with modern match boxes. 