POSSESSIONS BRITAIN HAS GIVEN AWAY. cuba once belonged to us. According ' to the typical Continental statesman, John Bull is the biggest land grabber on the face, of the globo. France and Germany more especialiy are never tired of sneering at our alleged " earth hunger," Indeed, if these latter critics and rivals are to be believed, we have not only stolen with a free hand in Africa, in America and in Asia, but we are only prevented by lack of proper transport facilities from annexing Mars and estab lishing a protectorate over J upiter. There may be some truth in all this. The British Empire has a knack of grow- ing. JN o one can deny tliat. Duo on tlie other hand, ive have — within the last 100 years or so— actually given away what to any other nation would constitute an exceedingly valuable and infinitely re spectable colonial empire. For instance. Our cousins the Ameri cans, and our old enemies the Spaniards, have fallen out about Cuba. The island was once Britain's. So were the Phillip- pine Islands, another bone of contention. So, too, were the Ionian Islands, Tangier, Minorca, Corsica, Curacoa, Sicily, Buenos Ayres, Monte Video, Java, Pon- dichery, the Celebes, the Moluccas, to say nothing of half a hundred other valuable islands, fertile provinces and fortified towns scattered up and down the face of this weazened old globe of- ours. And most of them we have surrendered, be it remembered, not in obedience to -the irresistible demands of superior force, hut of our own free will, and in accordance most frequently with the dictates of a grand— if mistaken and quixotic — idea o£ duty. Take, for example, the cession of the Ionian Islands in 1864. We. captured them from the French, after a good deal of hard fighting, in 1809. We gave them a constitution, built a university at Corfu, abolished the vendetta; aud promulgated equal laws for all and sundry ; and then, after more- than 50 years of educational aud civilising work,- and the "expenditure of millions of money, . we calmly, and without the shadow of a - ghost of com pulsion, handed them over to .Greece. It is a deed of which no other nation but England could have been capable, and which it is devoutly to be hoped England will never repeat. The surrender of Tangier was even more deplorable. We held it for 21 years, and then ipiietly evacuated it at the bidding of a handful of fanatics, led by Gaylan, the sovereign chief of Fez. Colonel Kirke, the then Governor, strongly protested-, and promised to hold the fort indefinitely if 500 men were sent out from England, together with £5000 where with to pay tliem. But the Government declined. They could, they said, afford the men, but not the money. Tangier would now be considered dirt cheap at 50 times £5000, for it lies almost immedi ately opposite Gibraltar, and, possessing both these strongholds, England could absolutely seal up the Mediterranean. Cuba was taken by us iu the -middle of the summer of 1762, at a time when an unusually virulent" epidemic of yellow fever was raging. We lost 5000 men in five, weeks. But -we stuck to our guns and triumphed in the good old sturdy British fashion. What our soldiers gained with one hand, however, our statesmen gave away with the other. A year lately just when the island had been pacified, , and the elements of good government established, our hard won possession wag) handed back to the horrors of Spanish"' rule — horrors from which it seems only now likely to emerge. An even more reprehensible national crime was the surrender of the Philippines to the same blood-stained gang, for not the most bigoted of the Little Englanders of that day and generation could have been ignorant of how vastly important the islands must necessarily become to us. Moreover, Spain was soundly tin- ashed in ' a selfish war of her own seeking, and lvould have accepted peace on almost any terms. Yet we handed over the conquered possessions for a paltry £S00,000— not a single penny of which, by the bye, was ever paid. To many visitors to Westminster Abbey it doubtless seems strange that one of .the most magnificent tombs in our national mausoleum should bear the name of General Stanhope. To the man in the street, at the present day, the cognomen means nothing. To our forefathers of a generation or two ago, however, it meant much. For Stanhope was tlie conqueror nf Afiiimv»n ' tin/1 TVTirtmwj nc lioc lincoa well remarked, was the Malta of the eighteenth century. We took it in 1708, and held it . off and on for the best part of a century, at the end of which time it was handed over to the. Spaniards. Apparently they got it because they asked for it. At all events, no historian has ever assigned. any more cogent reason. Our - extraordinary com plaisance in this respect is the -more curious because we had previously thought so highly of the island that, for merely failing to relieve the garrison,' we had poor old Admiral Byng tried by court martial, and shot on the quarter-deck of his own flag ship. Corsica' occupied a slightly different position, as a dependency, from Minorca, insomuch that its inhabitants had them selves placed their island under British protection, and elected George III. as their king. It was ours, free gratis and for nothing. It did not cost us the life of a single soldier, or the expenditure of a solitary penny piece. Nevertheless, we thought so little of it that, after governing it for tlu-ee years, we withdrew our troops, and left it to the mercy of the French, who, needless to say, promptly annexed it; and in whose possession it has been ever since. Curiously enough, during the three years that the British flag flew above the ramparts of Ajaccio, Napoleon I, was a resident in the city, and was therefore, during that space of time, a British sub ject. And while on the subject of Corsica, it may be mentioned that we seem always to have had a peculiar pen chant for giving away places in the Medi terranean. In addition to Tangier, the Ionian Islands, Corsica aud Minorca, con cerning all of which mention has already beeu made, we also owned, at- different periods, Sardinia, Sicily and Elba . But we let them all slip. In the same way, and only quite re cently, we parted with Heligoland to Germany. In this case, it is true, we are supposed to have received a quid pro quo in Africa ; but it would probably puzzle any one, save perhaps a professional poli tician, to say exactly in what it consisted. Tenders for' Fencing.— Tendera tex tile erection of 2 or 4i miles of wire fenc ing are elsewhere invited. Particulars from the manager, " Morriang," Myrtle- ford. 