l „ , M-rr.r amekican jocky. and trainees. v Their Methods Explained. The Use of Drugs and btimulants. The following Interesting letter is addressed to the editor of the " London Sportsman" Sir.— In view of the many and varied eoinnninieutious thai, have appeared from time to time in the columns of the English newspapers in regard to the methods employed by the American trainers and jockeys who are now jn England, 1 do not think that the follow ing explanation or resume of the his tory of American jockeys in this country will be amiss. Many of the communications which have appeared are extremely ridiculous, and full of absurdity of every description. How any sensible person could form or con ceive sucb ideas is beyond tbe compre hension of American horsemen, both in this country and in America, The secret of the American success has always been the intense desire to improve upon old methods, and the ner vous energy of the foremost sportsmen in America has been wholly devoted to the improvement of their horses, and to the education of their trainers and juiu.tr,> a UJJ IU me Jiigucsi buiuuiuu oi excellence. All that the thinkers of England who arc interested in the sport of racing need do is to turn back a few pages in the history of the Turf, find go back to the year that Prioress won the Cesarewitch. In those days the American Jockey was greatly ridi culed for his peculiar style of riding. It is amusing to recall the many changes in the American seat in the saddle. The English seat is the same now as it was half a century ago, while the American seat has been twisted and changed so many times that tbe different, ways employed by American jockeys within the last forty years are known by uuinc and have been classi fied. Now we will go back to the dead-beat ! made by Prioress and iwo others, whose names 1 cannot now recall, in the Cesarewhch. At that period the American jockey in tlie saddle took a position exactly the reverse of the Sloauesqtie style. He leaned far back in tbe saddle, with bis feet pushed as far forward as possible, and in that unique posiiion endeavored to gel the best result out of the animal. 1 be lieve that tlie American jockey who eujoyeii tue disnnciiou oi riding iTior- ess in ihe dead heat fur the great lian- dirap was named Taukersley. Ill the run off. however, Taukersley was per mitted to stand on the ground, and an English jockey was given the log-up on the American. The result was amaz ing. for Prioress won iu a tauter. That settled tbe fmc of American joc keys at that time in England, for both Taukersley and Charles Lilthdiohl were promptly shipped home by their em ployer. Mr. Ricbard Teii-Jiroork. the first American who raced American horses iu England. This was the sig nal for a radical change in America, for the erect seat in the saddle was copied, and an effort made to imitate English style, with far from snlist'ae- lury results. The Civil War in America in the early sixties greatly interfered with the spun of racing, and it. was no; until lsn that the spurt revived. The lessou laught by Mr. Richard Tou- Rroeck was not forgotten, ami ilie American sportsman cast about for the Simon pure Euglish Jorke.v. lr was impossible to secure one from the verv firsi tiighf, for then, as now. tlie lead ing jockeys were autocrats, and would not listen to leaving the home comforts of Enalaud to ride iu Ainorh-n. wh-re rsndng was in a crude state, ami high salaries were unknown. They did si- cure some clover exercising lads, who showed considerable skill in riding trials. Two of iheiii— ' Wiilinni ilnyward am! ; "Polly" Feaki's— soon became the foremost jockeys of America, aud were i leaders iu the new movement that de- j vdoped the skill of the American joe- key. In addition to their skill as riders, j both Hnvward and 1-Vakes s.»oti ac.-iu- ; toined themselves to paec-riding. of. in . oilier words, to regulate the speed of j tin horses they wen riding, according ; to the watch, for the " tinier" in the- hand" of the American trainer i dccnieil indispensable. The American ' jockey" of all classes, from the nappy- ! headed negro to ihe more intellectual : apprentices of the North, did their level : best to imitate and emulate the Kng- i lishnieti. 1 1 1 »w well thrv sin-cocded is I only evidenced by the fact that for sen years Haywavd and F cakes ranked a" leading jockeys in America', and. up the time they resigned their position a> .jockeys to become iraiuer-. the American jockeys had a wholesome re gar.l for lliein. for ihey were never beaten until the numbers went up. I; is only seven years ago since William Haywanl won the Futurity ou Morellu iroiu a targe neui. w«in nearly all tne | hading American jockeys jotted ! against him. So much for tlm English style of rid ing. Now for the Amcrlcnu style. The liiM American to modify the English seat was James M'Laiiglilin. who rode for the Dwyer brothers. M Laughliu loaned forward in the saddle, he was alert and quick at the post, and iu- variably was first away, gaining a lead and a jiositiou in the first part of the race, which on tlie American circular track is a decided advantage. M'Laugli- lin headed the list of winning jockeys in America for several years ; hjs me thods quickly attracted attention, ami were copied by Geoige Church, a light weight jockey, who leaned still far; her forward in the saddle. ' The next i;: order was Edward Garrison, wlio-e seat was a coumerpan of Sloan's, without the finish of that remarkable jockey. As Garrison's career as a joc key ended Sloan's began, and with the lessons of the past to guide him, and a brilliant opportunity to experiment on horses of various clas<es and dis positions. Sloan established a distinct school, jiinj the 4 monkey -nu-t lie-stick " style, as many English critics deri sively termed it on Sloan's first ap pearance in this country, has come to slay, so Hint, with the exception of Mornington Camion and Tlioma" Loatos, every jockey in England is Imi tating the American seat introduced into this country Ihree years ago. One critic proclaims that with the Ameri can seat the jockey caunoi control his horse, and points out the fact that there is much swerving, crossing, and juMimg ny American jockeys. j oat j this is not true has been dejuonstrat- ' I'll time after time, for every vaccgoer 1 knows that there has always' been, and 1 always will be. more or less crowd- | ing, humping, aud jostling in races ! where the competitors are asked to ex- : tend themselves to tbe last ounce. Tbe ; thoroughbred is not likely to swerve when going at half speed, but when he is urged to bis utmost, and is all our. no matter what seat the jockey tr.ay einploy. the tired hov.-e is almost cer tain to swerve, especially if he is being puuished, Nobody dare say that Mor nington Cannon is not n finished horse- man, and the highest type of the Eug- 1 lisli jockey of to-day, yet recently at I Windsor his mount swerved across the course, confusing and retarding the en- j tire field. There was no comment by i the Press about this incident, yet when ' an American jockey rides close, there j is Invariably a storm of protest. The answer to these eommuuica'ious and criticisms is the fact that thj average English truiuer is a man of ideas, who learns something every day, and, eagerly grasps any opportunity to ad- j vauce himself in the knowledge of hi calling. Their intense desire to secure the services of American jockeys when- ever possible should silence Die theor ists. for the English trainers are prac tical men. and tlie fact of tbeir jirefer- ence for American jockeys at the pres ent rime is a sufficient guaruutee that the advent of James F. Sloan in Eng land has revolutionised racing, so far as the jockeys are concerned, and the presence ol' John Huggins, Enoch Wis- liard. J. W. Duke. A. T. I>eigh. and oilier American learners is almost sure to cause the jirogivssive element among the English iraincrs to adapt many American features in their system 4»; nviiniiK In regard to the use of drugs and stimulant used internally, as well as externally by the means of a bypuder tuie syringe, ihe statements made cause Auteriettns to laugh, and to make slighting remarks about the mental faculties of men who. in this enlight ened age. believe in ghosts and fairies. One audible correspondent enlinly as sures the readers of c leading news paper that the preparation used by Americans to -accelerate the speed of tbeir horses smells like dead mice. A the only rodents seen by Americans in thi eoiiuiry have been extremely lively, ibis niiie innsi certainly have " snielled ;i rat." The pungent odour exhaled from horses trained by Ameii can may Ik- easily accounted fur. .is nearly every American trainer uses lo tions or linini'-nt. and many of them shampoo their horses after a hard trial or a race. When these animals run in rnees and up- led bark to >he jwddnck. the fact thai they are per-piring ami heated califs the odour of the prepara tions used to Ik plainly perceptible at a distaiiee of several yards ; hence, a niitu who appears to be accustomed to strange ami peculiar odours bus :inoiner guess. ui:<t suouiu ne given :m opportunity h» write another letter. Tin1 presence ol' so many American- : will not affect to any marked degree ' the trainer or jockeys of Eoglaud. f»r American owner will put up English jockeys, many of them will employ English trainers, and when the bui- ! anco 5 struck, with all things eouid- j oroil. it will lie found Dun wiih for feits and :<j . aud the « xjieiidi.ure cs- ! "initial to sac (-iuHy conduct a racing stable, a li:!nd"ojj)e margin will be held in this country. So far a the jockeys are coiieerncil. :!.ry are mo only one.- Dun have suffered, and their sufferings do nor unlit, for American jockeys j have broken down the barriers that i surrounded die jockey's calling in i England, .m.l huv. given an "ppm- tun- j ity for the bright, suapjty apprentice j lad to forge to the front, if lie has 1ai-| ent and energy, and have doue away wiih the en-nun of the trainer's un o: . the jockey's son heiuir pushed !.» ilc-j fore to Die dctvit.-.ctit of D.e -.as' ntvu- ' her of lad who are appron eci y. a"' after year to Eu-:lih trainers. H. 1 America, the jg-ogr.-siYo b»j in a stable H frequently given a ii.ouii: in : a race within throe month of the time : lie joined ir. If a boy in an Aniericin stable show tin- igns and marks of ' becoming n jockey. Dm new selioel I \ inei'ic:l n TrsiMi-r will n?i<1i him l.» the | front, so that within two or throe y- ais I from bis niiprcmico>h;p his erv;» - ! are eagerly sought for. and ho i look- i! j upon a being superior M The nhle- I jockeys, for he will rake eban<-cs hi races over The narrow, circular traek ! of Ani"ri<-a rhar rli" nlder jockey | avoid. ! The coming year ili. iu till prohu- t hility. give the Euglish ruce-geiug pub- I lie a fair ej.piirtunity to judge liciwcc.- jibe Aiiiericm and Enaiih trainer. 1 The inexorable test of tin- inning pot ' may be apjdied to trainers, jockeys, aud I horses, so that when Die list of win ! ning jockey i printed, as well as De list of races won by i miners, -emiiari- . sons may he made that should effeetu- : ally "ettle all disputes a 'o Die het . method. I To close, it can only »» -aid D::il ! the American iu F.;mia!n! l:av.. I : treated l'aivly aud hou»sDy. and D-;i j »v4»ry oue of liiem fully the | universal eouitesy ..\tended to Diem by ; Die English. roinppiiiiou i eeriain to improve die sport, aud in a ceuinry ; where all the rich prizes atv open to I eoiujteiition by horses front nil over Dm | world, there ueefl be un fear that Eug | land will dot hold her supremacy, even j if her sous arc emnpcllod to change 'their amieiu aud medieval metlmd. ; and adoJU D;.. up-to-date. jo- al;ead. tie. ; There .y>teui of the America!!. Yours. . etc.. J. S. >!!»« INALH. | Newmarkc. h i m t p.,..-. I I === Mr. Tt. 8. 81'vier. iH'ner known in A us- ' rralia as Hob " Surion. has uuule an- /i.u3ier addition to his alreadj leugtiiy string of Iior.-e. l>v the purchase, at auction oai the 24th nlr.. of The three- : yttiT-old King's Courier, by Kingston— ; StyUtone. at a. e"" of fi2<to guineas. I Mr. <3\. Maygov must be more than pleased with The splendid entries re reived for the Epsout meeting, to Ik held on Saturday next. Quality as well as quantity prevails in most of the events, while in the Welter Handicap no less than thirty-two well-known per formers have been nominated. The Steeplechase has filled as well as could be expected at this period of the year. Such horses as Billy L.. Wilfred. Rochester. Monte Carlo, and others ate sure to make an interesting race. 