ECHOES AND RE- ECHOES. REVERBERATIONS. IBj- HUGH KALVPTUS-1 In the old stories told us in our young days about rats, that particular rodent was aimost invariably presented in rather a respectable light, as we were, -wont, in the • innocence of our childish hearts, to admire the bearer of the bubonic plague, then unknown—as a filial, intelligent! And industrious example, like the ant. - Were wc not told about the two rats who used to take a blind comrade oat fcr a walk, and shout a feed of flour out of somebody's kitchen, because -he was not able to steal—I mean forage—for himself ? Have we forgotten the clever rats who smuggled eggs away out of a hen's nest by making one of their party lie on his back and cuddle it up while the others dragged him home by the tail—a tale vouched for by Mary Jape, who implicitlvbeheved it and made us children do so likewise? Have we forgotten the rat who got tipsy on wine left in a cup, and was taken in custody by his family till he got sober? What about the aged, "toothless rat led by its mafcce on soft tack? Those were before the days of Dr. Ramsay Smith, and other -scientists, who have brought serious charges against this tender-hearted, contentious, industrious, shrewd rodent of a very damaging character. In the books I used to read when I was six or seven the moral sentiment expressed by the rat, the precision and eloquence of his moral reflections, and the manner in which he or his wife instilled wisdom into the minds of the family compelled admiration. I have hever heard batter advice given at a Mutual Adtuiration Society meeting than that furnished by a" father or mother rat through the medium of the books put into our hands. Anyhow, the rat knows enough to come out of the rain, or a sinking ship, and lie is unselfish enough to leave the lifebuoys behind for the crew. Now, the rat has an added honour, interest, and distinction. He is a. propagator of the plague, and men and money are used in the endeavour to make head, against him; but I'm thinking that die rat -will "get there a31 the same." Hiey may tar put fianels on hawsers, sooi toe Email Doy and t® ratcatcher on to him, but the rat knows his way about, and wilbstow away and prowl according to his wo: " * On the subject of rats, Jerome KL Jerome, the author of ithat interestingly erratic boot "Hie Thoughts of an Idle Edlow, tells a. different tale. He says, "Poor rats! They seem to exist sothat cats and dogs may gain credit for killing and chemists make a fortune by inventing specialities in poison for theirdestructian. yet there is a fascination about them. There is a weirdness and uncanniness attaching to them. They are so cunning, so strong, so terrible in thtar numbers, <so cruel, GO secret. They, warm in deserted houses, where the broken casements hang rotting to the crumbling walls, and the doors swing creaking en their rusty hinges. They know the sinking ship, and leave her, no one knows how or whither. They -whisper to each other m their hiding-places, how a doom will fall upon the hall and a great name die forgotten . They do fearful deeds in ghastly charnel-houses- No tale of horror is complete without the rats. In stories of ghosts and murderers they scamper through the echoing rooms, and the gnawing of their teeth is neard In the wainscot, and their gleaming eyes peer through the holes in. the worm-eaten tapestry, and they scream, in unearthly notes in the dead of night, while • the. moaning wind sweeps sobbing round the ruined turret towers, and passes -wailing 'like a woman through the chambers bare and tenantless. And dying prisoners, in their loathsome dungeons, - see, thioui * ; the torrid gloom, their small red eyes, li: ' .^glittering coals; hear, in death-like silence, the rush of their daw-like feet, and start up shrieking in jfche darkness, and yrateh through tiie awful nighit." On the subject of/kilte, I remember a remark -made by a satirical paper resi the Shaksi : actor Walter Bentfey. _ It aid that ne appeared in the fharaffer cf ?lamlet, but the performance was incomplete, as he should have worn ldlts on account of his Scotch accent. It will be a great igistake if our Highland ment does not keep the bagpipes considerably jin the rear out of earshot, otherwise they will never get to close quarters with the Boers.. The bagpipes should always be sent round to the rear of the enemy, who would then be willing and-even anxious to die on the bayonets of the Highlanders. The difference between the Scotchmen at home and those in South Africa is that the former wore kilts and the latter were "kilt" or most of them, poor fellows.: The . Greek brigands in- , wear a kind of kilt—are they OaJei They are certainly "stern and wildJ There is nothing like taking time by the forelock^ I note that some shrewd land speculators are already advertising a Svi cate for_'acquiriiig land in SouthAifrica. I will take Pretoria at half a crown an acre. If I could sell my own house, I would not «mind buying Kniger's cheap. It -would do very well "with a little whitewashing and fumigating. This idea reminds me. of the French the night before the Battle of Agincourt—they spentthe evening throwing dice for the British prisoners and their ransoms. Probably the two most abused thoroughfares between the city and the seaside are the Clenelg and the Port roads. They are both pioneers, and out of reverence for their faithful service and' ohl assoeffiaiions, the Government ought to touch them up a bit, and cover the scars and abrasions of yens of hosesfc tool -with road metal. I -. must say that the Poet-road has perked up a bit, and there x less fist now of a cart or horse disappearing in tihe numerous holes filled up with fine floury dust, such as formerly distinguished the main artery from iludholia to Tair Adelaide. I rarely run the bike up the Port-road, because, as Yiim Yum would say, "burying alive is such a stuffy; death." There is an alleged hi cycle track on the northern side, but it is studded -with loose road metal from fflhe symmetrical heaps stacked alongside it by the sfcoueibreakers, and the main road is preferable, especially if you have a liver of doubtful utility—and it waste Shaking v The Glenelg-road would make a baldheaded old colonist) search for a single hair to tear out by fthe -roots, it is so, well, so, so. Well, it is indescribable, except by a man with a 'profuse vocabulary ®nd a forecastle training. Tfeese roads.(have never Jiad any crown, or if they ever had, it has 'tracts from the two watering - places H witihia cannon ribot of the town. They say the road to Hades is paved wiBh good intentions. I think the road to Gtenelz is paved with lurid ejaculations and broken, promises, In one of the outlying distriets-of' a colony which shall be nameless lives a Justice of the Peace whose strong business instincts dominate his other attributes. Successful in his avocation as a purveyor of meat he retired, and from his Magisterial seat dispensed even-handed justice. On one occasion two Chinese appeared before >iin. to settle a little trouble over a dead rooster snd tie Solomon in judgment delivered himself thus:—"You have admitted kiHin®complainant's fowl, for which you axe fineS £1; the price of the fowl is 4s_, which makes £1 4s.; the coats of the hearing are los., which makes £1 19s.; and you owe me 7s. 6d. for beef, which makes £2 6s. 6d_, or, in default, three months' imprisonment." Chatting with a brother Justice a few days afterwards, the ex-butcher said—"I wasn'tquite sure whether the amount was 9a. 6d. or 7s. fid. or lis. 6d-, and to tell the troth I'm not sure that it was the same Chinaman, but it looked like hkn, and- he -paid the money." The following clever .parody, on Rxidyard Kipling was written by a Bristol gentleman to a friend who was going to the front— ' Your letter was a facer; all the ladies a$e in tears, But when you've settled matters in the South, Will yoii kindly send a nugget or a sparkler from Dc Beers To a gentleman who's living hand to mouth? He's "an absent- mindgd beggar, and forgets to drop a line, But, Billy, you most take him as you find him, And if you send a trifle from a gold or diamond mine You will put poor Johnnie's troubles all behind Chorus— Small gem, large gem, big as a lump of coal, Koh-i-nor, or acid drop CI leave it, Bill, to • . , sou). Tmnlc of the bard with tattered-panis, munching a half-penny roll. -And send some dust for vour credit's sate, b 