Editorial Notes THE inquiry now being conducted in the Supreme Court of Queensland to ascertain if the late Mr. James Tyson had his home in this colony has brought to light some interesting particulars concerning a very interesting character. It took four barristers, instructed by the Crown Solicitor, to argue the case for the Crown, and three barristers, instructed by a firm of three solicitors, to argue on behalf of the administrators of the estate. The claim is for £68,625 succesion duty, and all that has to be proved is that the late James Tyson had his home in Queensland. What a pity that the ghost of the dead millionaire could not be summoned for one brief moment to decide this simple yet momentous question. The spiritualists have only to sit at a table, summon the departed Tyson, ask him was he domiciled in Queensland, and his simple answer "My home was at Felton," would effectually quash all further law proceedings. But then what a lots to the gentlemen of the black robe, whose fees in this great case will run into thousands. And then what about the cloud of witnesses-the sixty and more people who can remember conversations with the millionaire, in all of which he seems to have referred to Felton as his home. The expenses of the witnesses means a trifle, and, if the Government lose their case, not only will it mean good-bye to the £68,000, but another £10,000 out of the Treasury to pay for costs. Certainly we know the verdict can only be given one way, and the Crown made sure of this before the demand was taken into Court. It is a lovely milch cow this Tyson estate and could he look in on the proceedings nobody would enjoy them more than the old man himself. TT has been known for n very long time 4s that James Tyson did not keep an army of clerks to do Liu bookkeeping. The .evi denue of this is given by the Hon. Mr. Fox* ton, Home Secretury. Somebody offered Tyson £100 to be permitted to inspect his books, and ascertain his- system of bookkeep ing. "The joke is," said Tyson,''that I have no system of bookkeeping. I make my baukers keep my books." He kept diaries extending back to the year 1854. Theso were nil kept iu hip office at Felton. It will be eii-ily understood that if adiuryis faith fully kept, and entered up every day, a man'a cheque and pass-books would suffice to keep his receipts and expenditure fairly straight. Is this way much business is done in connec tion with mauy pastoral properties where the owner is manager. Every day he enters in his diary mou engaged or di-charged, notes of agreements for fencing or other work, when sheep are mustered, counted, drafted, shorn, and other particulars. He draws cheques for payment of everything, except very small amounts, which are paid out of petty cash, and hence his hank pass-book shows him exactly the amounts of his re ceipts mid payments. We have noted in some newspapers most elaborate directions (riven for bookkeeping on grazing farms. Ca*h books, day books, journals, ledgers, profit and loss accounts, the which are an enigma except to the clerk who has charge of them. The owner of the property is not a whit the wiser or sitfer, and turns with complacency away from the labyrinth of hieroglyphics to the simple annuls of his pass book. WE don't suppose that throughout the whole of Australia there is another gold-bearing locality bo full of surprises as the ancient field of Clermont. It was one of the first mining districts in Queensland. Gold wan discovered there before 1863, and at intervals since new patches have been un earthed by prospectors, and all of them, ex traordinary to relate, close to the town. The latest is at Fiddlers Creek, only five miles north of Clermont. Twenty-five claims are on payable dirt, yielding from one ounce to three ounces per load! It is indeed won derful that with the army of men knocking about the district since 1890 this great de posit of gold should have lain undiscovered at a shallow depth. What may be in the deep linking nobody kuows. There has been no proper prospecting of the country such as has taken place in the auriferous regions of Charters Towers and Gyrapie. Notwith standing that the railway runs right into the heart of the district, no companies or syndi cates care to do anything, and yet it is an absolute certainty that same of the richest reefs in the world are lying undiscovered. There will be a great boom there some day. and we should be inclined to forecast it as taking place at no distant date. THE dodges resorted to by members of the Labor Party to prevent the passage of Government Bills are legion. When the Bill known as the Mount Garnet Tramway Bill was brought before the House last Friday the Labor Party brought in an amendment to refer the Bill to a select committee. The amendment was debated by members of the Labor Party only, one following the other and screeching out about the stifling' of free speech. This continued until 11 p.m., when the amendment was negatived. The Premier is powerless under the circumstances, because if the cloture is applied, the minority cry out that they are being gagged and crushed by a brutal majority. The Party agreed that the result of the 'Toowong election would decide the question of whether the country approved of the Government policy of miuiug com panies building their private railways, but now they have forgotten this and still clamor against syndicate lines. This means a total stoppage of business, unless the Government employ more drastic methods, the next move being the application of the guillotine, which it is hoped will cut short the long-winded speeches of this most loquacious Party. 