\- ENGLISH, CRICKET NOTES. 1 ' o The following cricket notes have been culled from Jthe latest English .files to hand': — , ' , Ranjitsinhji is fast playing himself into form, for on Saturday he followed up innings' of 97 and 137 against Glou cestershire with 222 against Somerset-, shire, these consecutive performances bringing him, with a bound up to the ton' of the battino- averages (of those who have played 10 innings) with 80.55 runs per innings— just a fraction in front of Hayward (80.00).' In ,tlic match in ques tion Somerset started with 377, of which Sammy Woods' 148 was the main item ; but this score was completely thrown in tlie shade by the 526 of Sussex, in which 'Ranji's'' 222 was supplemented by 127 from Killick. 'Somerset made a poor show in their second innings, which closed for 156, 'and Sussex won 'j easily by 10 wickets. , . Another match provided a couple of three-figure innings on one 5ide,G. Rob sons and E. M. Sprot scoring 101 and 103 (not out) for- Hampshire 1 against Warwickshire, each batsman thus mak ing -his first century for his county. The. batting all round in the match was- too good for a finish to' be arrived at, and it /?had to b& abandoned as a draw. - ' Yorkshire scored an Munexp'ectedlv easy win over Leicesfccrshire,for though leading by- only 79 on an innings each, the Tykes sent the Leicester men back for- 93 on facing^them a second time, and won by 10 wickets. Haigh captured 7 wickets for ,77 runs,/ Rhodes 6 for 78/ Smith 4 for 52, Wainwright 2 for 22, Hirst 1 for 1. [ \ Worcestershire fell very easy victims to Kent in a match that rain interfered' with a good deal, besides keeping the scoring down. ' Only 317 runs were scored in, -all, yet. that sufficed to give the hop county the victory by 10 wickets — Blythe, Mason (8 wickets for 43 runs), and Hearne bowling- in deadly fashion. Essex put up a good first innings of 369 against Lancashire, eight, batsmen getting into double figures, but when the latter county had, got to 256 for 7 wickets rain stepped in and made a draw of a promising game. Suirey yesterday sustained defeat for the second time this season, this being at the hands of Somersetshire, an old antagonist that has often proved a thorn in its side. The winneis certainly had an advantage in batting first on a good wicket which rain spoiled for Surrey, while Abel was unable to play for the( latter; but great credit must be given to Robson, one of Somerset's profession als, who, by scoring 104 in his side's se cond innings and by taking 5 Surrey wickets for 26 runs, , went a long way towards gaining the victory for Somer set. Tyler and. Lewis also* bowled well for the losers. . . , Another metropolitan. ,county,Middle sex to wit, came to grief on. the same day, Notts gaining a decisive victory by six wickets. The lace country started off with 2-lli nin-e of this side scoring double figures, and Middlesex doing no better than. 119 and 290 left Notts an easy task to win. ? Wass and J. Gunn bowled. well for the victors, while for Middlesex . Albert Tr.ott hit up 25 and SPORTING. 65, but tcck,only three wickets for 84 runs. Warwickshire v. Gloucestershire was drawn -thiotigh rain. The features of the game as\far as it went were the fine batting of T. S. Fishwick (131) and Lilley (i'ii) for the'midland county. Rani; was at one and the same time the cause of Lancashire making a veiy poor show against Yorkshire, and of saving them from defeat through play having to be abandoned on the third day.' Rhodes was in. great form with the ball, taking eight Lancashire wickets for 43 runs. The West Indian team commenced ,thedr tour at the Crystal Palace on Mon day, playing against the London County Club,- for whom W. G. Grace had got 'together a fahly strong team, including himself, who made 71 in good style, J. R. Mason (126), -H. Parkes' (106 not out), J. Gilmari (63), and W. L. Murdoch (23). Others of the side batted well!, and the total of the innings, reached 558. - The bowling of the West Indians, four or five of whom are 'darkies,' seemed fairly simple, being straight, though of good length. In batting 'some of th'em showed - v;ry good' form, ? P. A. Goodman (74), , P.. Cox (53), and Woods (36) especially,but as* their two innings realised only 237 and 103 they suffered a severe defeat. This they took in good part, however, saying that they had come to this coun tiy on purpose to learn some points about the game. 'Ranji' continues to go the pace, he ?on Monday running up the fine score of 215 not out against Cpmbivdge Uni versity, and enabling ,h.'s county to win by an innings -and 89 runs. Ranji's average is now 100.44 Per innings. Lancashire, Sussex, and Yorkshire now' tie for first place in the champion ship, none of the'three' counties having lost a match, and thus having a full 100 per cent, of points.' 'Notts comes next with 60.00, having won four matches and lost one; then Essex with 50.00 (3 wins and 1 loss'). Surrey, j.^.85 fc wins and 2 lasses), Kent and Warwickshire each 33?33 (2 wins an.d 1 loss). - \ ; F. S. Jackson, the famous Yorkshire amateur cricketer, now serving at the front, is now in hospital near Kidon stad, laid -toy the heels by typhoid fever. &\ E. Trott a day or two ago tem porarily emerged from the cloud which lias persistently enshrouded him as a cricketer during the present season. In a second innings against Notts .he made a desperate attempt ^to save his club against impending defeat, and r,attled up 65 runs in as many minutes wicnout giving the ghost of a chance, ,0'ne ball bowled to him by John Gunn was lifted out of the ground at Lords and' fell on to a cart standing in ' front of Lords Tavern. Fcr this lie scored six, but after, all his clut- was worsted by half a dozen wickets. Yesterday sin a match against Gloucester, the foimer Victo rian compiled 112 runs out of a total of 291\. Roche has been doing good work with' the baH, both for Middlesex and, the M.C.C. \- * ? i 