A GENTLEMAN iNKKAKI: A STORY OF THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR. By John Oakley* CHAPTER XXXVI.— THE ' GOV KBNOB GENEBAL' OF NATAL. Reginald, as he sat cramped and weary in hiB dirty corner behind thB bags, reflected that often as he had looked death in the facB, he had never been in «ucb. unpleasant proximity to the King of Terrors as at that moment. Five-and- twenty men sat round the table, and fiveand twenty revolve™ lay clogs to five- and-twenty hands — the hands propably of some of the finest shots in the world. But he was re Bolved to go through with the adventure — he could hardly have drawn out now if he would— and to probe the villainy of the traitor Bmitbjon to its loweBt depths. SmithBon was evidently the great man of the party, for not only did ho occupy the seat at the head of the table, but the others addressed niat u ' Mynheer,' an honor neldom accorded by the Dutch «Ten to atrangera, and narar uaong thanualvei. ' We »r« all hart ?'uked Hmithnon, when the wraplng of oh&lra; had aubsided, ' All, replied the dtep voice of the man Smlthion had met on the road earlier In the day. Bmlthion roae slowly to hit feet, and drew from his breast-pocket a bundle of papers. ' the trnjt I »m going to repose in yon it great,' he aaid ; 'II there be here any traitor—' ' Have no fear of that, Mynheer,' inter peeed one of the twenty-five : ' We are all faithful. We leava treason to tha roolneks.' A harsh laugh gurgled round the table, followed by another deep silence. l uulli UCIC, UUUIUIUCU aUllLUAUIl, M warrant bearing tho Big-nature of Paul Kragsr and Piet Jonbert— ' A faint ham, like the ghost of a cheer, went the rosnd of the table, subsiding in a moment. ' Of Paul Kruger and Piet Jonbert,' re peated Smithsoi, ' appointing me to the command of the Republican Burghers of Natal. You accept this 7' ' Ja— ja — ja, went trom one to the other in the game rumbling undertone. ' I am also appointed Governor of Natal for the.FederaMd Republic.' ' It doesn't belong to the Federated Republic yet,' aaid Tan Slnyt, a trifle grimly. 'Not yet, but It will,' a&id; flaithjan fiercely. ' It will — it most.' 'Butler is cot beaten yet,' objected Van Bluyt. 'And what is that verdommed Kitchener to do at Capetown !' 'Are you drawing back — do you want to turn tail?' asked Smithton with fierce sare&EB;), 'Tom hare time yet' ' I don't want to turn back,' replied Van Slnyt, as fiercely. ' I am willing to shoulder my gun to-morrow, to-night, this very hour' and join Jonbert across tha Tugela. I am willing to give up everything— home, life, the lives of my three yonng bom. I am no traitor.' The rumble of applause once more wandered ilowly ronnd tho table. Vaufiluyt went ion. 11 But when are we to etrike that blow, itiulu inui lilUjJCI (JIUUIUCU LL- BUUU1U UB struck, b«t for which we've been waiting and waiting for aB eternity. PiBt Joubart has been driven back across the Tngela, he did not come to Durban aa he said he would, and now he and his man are Ijing in their holea hiding from the enemy like verdommed rooinecks. Ladysmith and Kimberley etill hold out, and Roberta and Kitchener are on their way. We ask Paul Kruger for a word, and ha sands ns a governor. Allermachtij ! A governor who has' nothing to govern.' There was a moment's dead alienee, then Van Tylden took up the running. ' There is good in what Van Bbiyt taya, Mynheer,' he remarked: 'We are all faithful, bnt we di not like the look of things. When two month* ago we offered to rise and aeize Durban Paul Kruger said 'Wait.' We have waited— for what!' ' For this I' thundered Smlthson in a tone that electrified the whole uaeubly as he flnng his handful of papers on the table : 1 ' For thin — and for me. Listen I Buller haj Veen beaten once, bat he will try again, and again be beaten. Why -. BecaoBe I ihall know hit plans. I am to carry despatches to Ladrasaith with all the pUni therein set down, so that Blr Oeorga White may play his part. Thote deapatchea Piet Joabert will see flrat, and he will lay his trap — yai —and the rooineks will fall lntt it, and their slaughter ihall be graater than the slaughter of all other battlo put tofether Is it good?' There wu a long silence. 11 It Is good,' aaid Van Sluyt at last. ' If it falls ont aa you say. Bat if as at Magers fontein and tho others more burghers fall than rooineks t' They were traps, too, but if the rooineks did not win they killed more than they had killed. Ia that not so?' 11 Ja— ja— ja — ' again rumbled round the table in a rising inflection like the scales on a piano. BmithBon flung himself into ?, chair with a muttered curse. ?' If you want to throw the whole thing nn. MT on. fnr hpnvpn'fl saVn Rap an an.4 let me get back to Paul Krnger and tell him.' ' We do not want to throw the whole thing np,' B&id; another man slowly i 'No, not ^hat. Allermachtij, have we not dreamt of this, and prayed for it ever since Majubaf But what has been done has mot been wall done. A thousand burghers lie in their graves six thousand groan in hospitals, -Bnd neithar Kimberley nor Ladysmich have fallen.' ' Ay,' addad Van Slnyt. ' And Kitchener ia coming with thirty thousand men.' t ' I know,' said Smlthson, ' that a thou sand burghars have been killed and six thousand wounded, bnt what of that f There are five thousand faithful in Natal waiting, and twenty thousand in the Cape ? also waiting. Paul Krager told yon to await the word. It wa? good. The rooineks say there will be no rising of the Dutch in the two colonies — that was a nightmare. But they will risa, and that will bo the end.' ' Of the Dutch in the two colonies.' mur mured ReginsJd bahind the meal-bags. ' And that word 7' asked Van Blnyt. ' I hare it here,' aaid BmithBon. ' It is thii.' There was a moment's strained silence, ao deep that Reginald half-feared they must hear tho tnmultnons beating of his heart ; than Bmlthson tore open sn envelope, and extracted therefrom a thick budget of bine papeT. ' 8ay no more until J have read it,' Bmithson went on. ' Whan I have read It yon can aay yea or nay.' Again the ntnrmcred Iftja's' xyent the circle ol tne table, and he then read : To my good burghers of Natal the call has come. Jonbert holds L&dysmith; in one hand, the Tugela in the other, and ha has 60,000 men. At Btormberg and Oolesberg and Bpytfontein there ara but Bmall armies who hava been ordered not to fight — to keep the rooinebs at play, bnt to hide ia their trenches and kopjes and not to fight. In Natal will the battle of the Lord and of His hoBts be fought. We know that the rooi batja army will attack Jonbert, and will be led by him into a trap from which few will escape alive. Then mnst you gird your loini, arise in your might, and, taking the sword of the Lord and of Gideon, smite the op pressors in the great cities of Maritzbnrgand Durban, which the ro inek by guile and evil words stole from us in the aforetime. There you must raise oar beloved Vierklenr, and hold them in the name of the Lord. What can the rooineks do 1 If they came against yon Jonbert will arise and imite them hip and thigh until there be jot one left, no, not one ; While yon holding Durban can Starve the roolbatje, who cannot fight whtn hti belly 'his «mpty. If the rooineki ahould tend men against you from the Pape, my burvhera them will riw alan Rn »niv an^ atrong in the fear of the Lord. On thB day when the news that Bnller has been trapped comes down to yon rise. Yours in the name Df the Lord of HobIi, PAUL KRUGER. 'There ii the word,' thundered Smithson, at he finished reading. ' Bay, is it good J' ' Ay,' said Van Bluyt. ' It Is good. Still, if Buller be not beaten ? ' ' Leave that to me,' broke in Smlthson, STimly. 'Ijfcat it ray work. I will lay the trap and bait it. I go to ^.dysrofth, and I Mtirn, and when I return you 'ihall hear. Meanwhile be ready and wait,' r»e are ready,' said Van Blnyt. ' We have bean ready long, as we have waited long. May it be as you say.' ' It Bhall be bb I s&y;,' reBponded Smith eon. ' Forgetting,' murmured Reginald from behind his meal bags, ' that I have also to tike a hand in the game.' CHAPTER XXXVII —A HIGHWAY BOBBEhY. ' ' Half-an- honr passed In the dlsouaslon of details, then thB gathering broke up. As soon as the last man had left the room, Reginald ran to the window, and, opBnlng it stealthily, took a good look round. All wag dark and client, He dropped swiftly to the ground, and kBBping well in the shadow of the wall, ran | to the spot where he had left his two men. 'Lads,' he said, ' I want you to help ma ? ' ' Yussir,' responded Jim, promply, ' In a little bit of a highway robbery.' 'Thafaphwat I call something like a bit ivfun,'said Micky, 'I'm gettin mighty cowld here.' 'The only thing is,' said ieginald, re flectively, ' its somebody that knows me, and might spot me.' 11 That's soon did, air,' said Jim. He took off his iacket and tore out the thin lining, which, by aid of his penknife, he cnt into three stripes, in each strip mak ing two hoIeB an inch or two apart 1 ' Oome 'ere, Mick,' he aaid. In a moment he had band&pncl; Hie lay's face u if they were going to play a game of blind man's buff, with nhe difference that by means of Jtho two holes Micky's vision was in no way interrupted. ' Ah 1 blaak masks— good,' aaid Reginald 'Make ma one, and one for yourself.' ' An' who're we to rhob, aor-r 1' quered Micky. 'Look here,' aaid Jim, 'I'll go far 'is 'ead. and you, Mick, fur 'ia feet, and get l*u umi. uu is U1UUU111 UHLL IUL gU Ul^. 11 B-right ye are, Jim ' aaid Mieky. Bagimali aat himself down to consider the situation. He had one of three courses open to him. If he o»»ght Bmlthion he might shoot him then and there, and chance conugnBUoeB — with juat the donbt that he might be hanged for murder ahouidthe proof ot Bmithaon's treason be the least trifle shaky. Or he mlgkt takehimprisoner to Dur ban, and hand him over to the authorities, who wo nld in all probability disbelieve his ctorr and release Stnithson. Beaidei which Smithson was just then a popular hero, and probably nothing would be believed against him. Even if he captured the traitor, and asked the people in Durban to search him — what they might find or what they might not find might or might not convict him. 8nppoeing th&t; having read the letter from Kr«ger to the conspirators, it had been des troyed, supposing that alter »11 SmithBon ahould have no incriminating documents upon him I There remained yet one 'alterna- tive. He miffht search Smithnnn. and thpn letting him go follow him up, and try to trap him into something tost would prove his treason up to the hilt. v Reginald determined to leave It wavering in the balance to see what might be the result of their enterprise. It was the wisdom of tha serpent, he told himself, though whether any memories of Fraulein flitted throagh his brain 1 leave tha reader to jadge. fimithaon had remained ia Tan Tylden'a house until all the rest had gone. He knew that tha slightest slip might endanger the great scheme, and he had determined to return to Durban alone, so that in; case any of the Da ten delegates might have arouisd the suspicion of the authorities no breath of that suspicion ahonld touch him. TTp nhrviV ViKnria oritVi Von Ttrl^ort- «»4- flio door of his noise , and walked at a quick swinging pace towards Durban. He had gone perhapa a hundred yards, when he found bis armi suddenly seizad and pinioned behind him, while his lega were flung from under him, and he was brought down with a crash. When he recovered a little from the confusion into which the sudden attack had thrown him, he Uw him self in the clutches of three masked men, one of whom was holding his arm down, while another was seated astride his legs. ' Who are you, and what do you want with me ?' gasped Bmithson. But the three masked figures maintained their immovable silence, by no meant, however, relaxing their grasp upon his limbs. ' Who are yonl Help! Bobberi!' screamed Smlthson. 'Repeat that shout, and It will he your last,' a&id; one of the men, speaking in Dutch — whioh lends itself, by the way, better to a diaguiie of the voice than Eng lish, ' Would yon rob me 1' demanded Smith son, dropping himself into the Dutch. ' A — ' reBposded tha former speaker ; 'Bob yon of everything yon have.' 'Take it, take it all,' aaid Smithson, with an eagerness he could not disguise. ?' Money, watch — ' * (TO BS GONTnnTMD N«XT WEDNMDAT.) 