TRAVJaJLLfcjjti. . V GHOSTS THAT WALK IN LONDON. When a ghost once appears in any house, district, or town, the fact is im mediately embalmed in print, the in habitants henceforth proclaiming to the world that their district is haunted. Such is the case with Hampton Court, Bucking ham Palaco, and Marlborough " House ghosts. Although they are described in detail in guide books, you will never see one, or even meet any person who has. But the Big Ben spectre has been seen by no less than fourteen people, and that quite recently. Ic appears in the shape of a shadowy, deformed old man, bending over a pair of motionless oars, as, seated in a worm- eaten skiff, it sweeps out from the Surrey side of the Thames, just like Westminster Bridge, glides without making a ripple over the inky Thames water, through the third arch of the bridge, and then dis appears into the stone wall of the House of Commons terrace as Big Ben groans the first note of midnight. Every time it has appeared Big Ben has chimed thirteen, the last stroke sounding like a long echo of the previous one. Every time it has appeared one of our Royal Family has died on the following day — namely, the Prince Consort on December 14th) 1861; Princess Alice December 14th, 1878; and the Duke of Clarence on January 14th, 1892. So that each of its three appearances has been made on the thirteenth of the month, and on each occasion Big Ben has struck that unlucky number. When it appeared on January , 13th it was hailed by a rivor police boat, which happened to.be passing at tho moment: As no answer was given, the police gave chase, and in the darkness on the river and the heat cf pursuit nearly wrecked themselves by dashing into the stona wall of the Commons' terraco. The affair was witnessed by a constable on duty on the terrace, and reported 1 _ but there the mattter stopped, as no light could he thrown on the affair. Of quite a different nature is the South Bolgravia ghost; in fact, he might be called the guardian saint of married men who have been detained at their offices later than usual. The streets of this district of London are very confusing, even in the glare of noonday. At night the most experienced explorer might be pardoned for losing his way. The reason is, according to the gentle men living in that part, that every eve- nink between 11.30 and one o'clock a ghostly artist, dressed in a soft felt hat "and the approved artist's suit, collar, and tie, goes from street to street with a pot of paint, ladder, and huge brush changing the street names one with another; This ghost first began his . nightly wan dering in December 1884. An artist had been over to Chelsea spending a jolly time with some friends. He did not enter his wife's room until three o'clock, and when she demanded an explanation, averred that he had been wandering about the streets since eleven, having lost his way. No sane woman could accept such an excuse, and the lady rose, dressed herself' and, snatching up their baby boy, swept from the room never to return. Her hus band waited three days for her, and when his lady called him on the fourth, she found him dead. He had taken poison. More romantic is the ghost of Chiswick. This is the ghost of Barbara Yilliers, Duchess of. Cleveland, one of J the most famous beauties of the court (of King Charles II., who is said to haunt that .fine old red-brick mansion on Chiswick Mall known as Walpole House. On fine moon light nights, at uncertain intervals, the picturesque wraith of the Duchess ap- pears as she is represented in jher portrait painted by the great Sir Peter Lely, but with haggard face and dull, dim eyes, wringing her hands, and ,: exclaiming piteously to some invisible persecutor, ' Give me back my lost beauty ?' It ap pears that this lady died at "Walpole House in 1790, the sixty-ninth iyear of her age, of a dropsy that greatly disfigured her. Another distinguished ghost which in habits this quarter of London may be seen in the old gateway on Richmond Green, which is all that remains of the once magnificent palace of Richmond: This is tho uneasy grief-stricken (spirit of Queen Elizabeth, : who died at three o'clock on the morning of March 24th, 1603, in another part of the building. It was in the turret chamber of this' ancient gateway that Elizabeth heard the con fession of the dying Countess of Notting ham, who, on -her deathbed, revealed her treachery in keeping back the ring which the Earl of Essex, under sentence of death, had entrusted to' her to deliver to his Queen. The anger and remorse of the Yirgin Queen when she heard how she had allowed her best beloved courtier to go to his death unpardoned caused her to rush forward and to shake the dying woman in a frenzy of passion crying, 'May God forgive you, for I cannot Of course the Tower of London has its ghosts, but during the course of this cen tury these have become very shy, refusing to show themselves. Possibly . this may be" attributed to the sixpence admission ) charged on certain occasions. It is hardly to be expected that the self-respecting wraith of any historical personage will expose itself to the gaze of a Bank Holi day public. Perhaps this is just- as well, for the last appearance of a ghost in the Tower, which took place in January, 1816, resulted in the death of a sentry from a fit produced by pure fright. In this case the ghost took the form of a dark shadow in the shape of a bear, but it was known that the sentry had previously been alarmed by reports of the appearance of the ghost of Sir Walter Raleigh in the vicinity of his station. The most terrible of London ghosts, however, is that which has brought No. — , Berkeley. Square, into eminence . amongst haunted houses. This particular house stands on the west side of the square, and is iu no wise to be distinguished from its unornamental brick neighbours. Until recent years il was occupied only by care takers, and for a long period wore the desolate and lugubrious appearance gene-, rally attributed to ghost-ridden residences. How the house acquired its unenviable repute it is hard to say, but it was suffi ciently notorious at one time to form the subject of a long discussion in the columns of a well-known antiquarian magazine. This particular horror of the Berkeley Square ghost lay in the fact that its pre cise nature was never determined. It was a grisly ' something,' so terrible that those who beheld it never survived to tell the tale of its horror, for they were found dead with every appearance of having died of Bheer fright. It made its appearance in a bedroom on the second floor one night, and the servant who had a glimpse of it was found dying, oil the floor in convulsions. A family once living in the house, too, were pestered by uncanny noises, most of them proceeding from this particular room. The fiance of one of the daughters of the house, an unbeliever in ghosts, determined to sleep in the room asd;to discover the cause of the disturbing noises. He arranged that if he rang the bell once during the night, no one was to come to his aid, as he might merely be disturbed by some waking illusion. If, however, he rang the bell twice, his signal was to be immediately answered. In the dead of nignt the bell was heard to give forth a light note. No one stirred. The first ring was followed in a few seconds by a furious peal, and the alarmed household at once rushed to the room) where they found the poor fellow" lyiiig dead upon the floor. It seems only in beeping that Saint Paul's Cathedral should have a ghost, but the fact that ikappears dressed as a nun shows that its education has been sadly neglected. The cathedral was built long after all nunneries had been abolished. But every morning at two o'clock a' black form sweeps six times round the Whisper ing Gallery, and: then, with a, ghastly- shriek, springs through tke railings into the air. As any spectator waits to hear the smashing of bones upon the stones below, 't vanishes. The superstition con nected with it is, that should anyone below try to save its fall by standing ready to catch it, he or she will die. within the month. 