THE WAY BACK FAMILY. Come to Town to Attend the Federal Celebrationis. ? a ? THEIR EXPERIENCES FAITHFULLY CHRONICLED BY HENRY FLETCHER (FOR THE 'SUNDAY TIMES.'! (CONTINUED.— No V.) As Tilly Wayback and Charlie Lyons ?were more interested in each other than in . the shop windows, it happened, naturally, thai they advanced more rapidly than the rest of the family, who found new delights to gloat over in every plate-glass front. But there are bounds to feminine interest, even when t'hey are centred in a new young man, and 'the sight of a photo grapher's vestibule with the hundreds of pictures of ladies and gentlemen, each with a different grin, aroused Tilly's enthusiasm, to the exclamation point. It may be well to state that Tilly had literary and artistic talent of no mean order, for, as was well known to all the residents of Bargo, she had contributed poems on 'Spring,' and 'The Wattle Flower' to 'The Bargo Banner,' also he* lead-pencil sketch of a three-legged cow eati.ng a haystack had taken the champion prize of five shillings in the art section of the Bargo Agricultural Show. These suc cesses put Tilly on a pedestal of refine ment and culture that she strove her very best, when she remembered it, to live up to. 'Oh, what lovely pictures, Mr. Lyons ! How beautifully they are shaded ! I won der now if there is anyone I know ?' It was here that Charlie Lyons had an inspiration. 'What say if us go in an* have our like nesses drawn ?' 'No; I could not dream of it; no really; what would Mums say ? Besides, we should lose all the others, and I have hot got my best hat on.' '-'That's all right; you look spiffln. It won't take ten minutes, an' we can catch them up in no time. Come along !' But they had a good half-hour of wait ing before their turn came to face the camera's glassy stare. 'Oh, I feel so nervous! Are you sure that thing isn't loaded and won't go off ?' said Tilly, indicating the barrel of the Sfense, that pointed towards them with inaxime directness. 'Is my hair quite straight ? I feel sure at is tumbling all down behind. How hot it is here ! I'm just melting ! What is he doing under ?that black cover ? Is he drawing us now ? What a shame ! And my blouse all rumpled ! What has he gone in that little dark room for ?' 'To stir up the paint, I expect,' said Charlie Lyons. The photographer dived from out of his cave and approached the camera. 'The lady will sit down, please; her el bow resting on the table, so. The gentle-, man will stand in an easy position — keep the weight of his body on the right foot, and put the left easily forward — your hand ?resting on the lady's shoulder. -Kindly look this way, and remember- something pleasant — the lady can think of the gentle man, and the gentleman of the lady. That's risht. A most delightful smile ! Now, steady ? ! Thank you. Good-day! Proofs will be ready the day after tomor row.' 'Is that all ? Is it over ?' exclaimed Tilly, with astonishment, as, drawing a long -breath, she secretly felt about her person to make sure that no part had been amputated. 'It's not so very bad, is it ? But I'm sure I looked a fright. Now, don't you think I looked a fright ?' Charlie Lyons at once assured her that she looked bewitching, or words to that effect. 'Now, wherever is Dads -and Slums, and all the rest of them ?' They were once again on the George street footpath. Charlie suggested that the Wayback Family were probably still shop gazing some distance ahead, and that by taking the electric tram they would soon catch t'hem up. The idea appeared excellent. Tilly could watch one side of George-street while Charlie watched the other, what time they sat close together and clasped hands se cretly, 2# though the said hands were strangers to them, and embraced Without knowledge of tie owners. But, as may be surmised, when their tram passed Mums she was buried in a draper's, buying 'spe- cial lines,' the children were fighting Waterloo again with tarts in a tuck-shop, «-r-» ^ nA.it, o tmiK narlnr woe Hnp» how he would srend a suddenly arrived twenty-five pounds that he thought he held in his hands. Nevertheless, in spite of the 'bootless quest, Tilly was in ecstacy as the xramcar rushed down the heights of Brickfield Hill. 'Isn't it glorious ? It's like flying with out wings ! I think Keaven must be like this — riding for ever on a car without a ticket,' Tilly whispered to Charlie. 'You ?feel all over alike, only different, gliding along like a bird thinking of nothing but floating and gloating, and how splendid it is just to live and do nothing at all !' Charlie said those were his sentiments 'to a T.,' and that riding on the tram was 'tip-top.' And he further proposed at the railway terminus that they remain on the car, and go to and fro till their scarch -was rewarded. So it was decided, and Tilly and Charlie, in a glorious beati tude, took endless penny trips up and down George-street all that afternoon. At the third, or the fourth, or was it the fifth round ? — Tilly could never be quite sure of the num-ber — their search was re warded in full measure. Dads walking dismally, like a dog with 'his tail between his legs, was sighted, and taken up at Redfern; Mums and the babies appeared in the Kavmarket, Jabez and Rube, quite unconcerned, were waiting at Go'.ilburn-strsct, and the three girls, Delia etill protesting, and her mouth held closed ?by Sarah Jane, were found waiting at the Koytu Arcade. There -was great rcjoicing at the union, but strangely enough all were singularly reticent as to their adventures, and as :o the method in which they had passed their first few hours in the great metropolis. Bubs and Cris and Little Sid, whita a? ghosts, and puffed cut in the body like gohannas that have swallowed a hare, were unnaturally sl'lent, and when they rrrivod at the tea toable of the Emu Coffee Talaee displayed a modesty of appetite disgraceful to their Bargo up-bringing. 'I'm sure Sydney don't agree with the poor dears,' said Mums, as she vainly strove, by spreading jam on Bubs' bread and butter, to tempt his vanished I'ppetiie. Now, as to what happened to the Way backs during the next few days — how Darta got even with the spielers, Mums went to an auction sal-?0 Tilly's tiff with Charlie Lyons, Sarah Jane's capture of a young man, Jabez's initiation into the mysteries of the tote, and a hundred other incidents in the family's rich experience; they are held over till the readers of the 'Sunday Times' ask for them with a very loud voice, and, in the meantime, this record makes a jump, and comes to tho historic Saturday that -was to see the landing of the first Gover nor-General of the Australian Common wealth. On the Friday night Dads had met Billy Watkins, an eld Bargo identity, and as Billy said it was the birthday of his wife's mother's sister, it was only common politft ness to drink that lady's health. Now, a birthday over-night always left Dads a pessimist and caustic' critic of things in general the following morning. 'I don't hold with all this flummery en* tomfoolery,' he said to Charlie Lyons at breakfast. 'Are we a lot o' kids having a school treat; or is we men an' women w't'a duties in life ? I'm er Republican, like Billy Watkins, I am ; one man's just as good as another, if not better. Australia fer ther Australians, an' down with ther Chows — that's my motto. And as fer this here Lord Hopetoun — have yer seen his picter ?; — he's only er rat ef er bloke, say what cher liker. If ther likes o' him Came round Dingo Flat with his swag, an' ?asked fer a job, I reckon I'd be doing ther handsom' if I give him ten bob a week an' ' 'his tucker; an' then I'd be losing by . him 'till I'd histed a few hundred a' hard feed inter him. Corned beef an' pumpkin is what he wants — I reckon he's been fed on soft stuff, like they give at this yer Coffee Palace, till there's no more sap in him than er dead cornstalk. Now, my idea of a Governor-General, if we must have one, is a strong, upstandin', eighteen-stoner, who'd fill out his uniform ?till it busted-, who ? ' 'Come along, Dads,' said Mums, as she hurried the children over their breakfasts; 'i£ we want to see the landing we must start now. - ?Experience had taught the Waybacks that if they desired to keep together in a Syd ney crowd, it was best to march in single file, open order, Dads in the van, Mums la the rear. And it was in this - formation that they deployed on, the kopje known as Lady Macquarie's Chair. They had a grand position. Mams had an elegant rear view of Dad's back, Tilly could see a square yard of 'harbor between five hats, Sarah Jane could note the colors of a ship's flag over a fat man's shoulder, Euphemia had an unbroken prospect of the blue sky overhead ; while Rubp and his rutin 'hri-kt-h nrs: srhnriipd with absorbing in terest the rear aspect of pants in all stages of preservation. Dads and Jabez and Char lie Lyons, could have seen almost every thing,' if the people in front had only held their heads down. 'It's er wonderful sight,' said Dads. 'I wouldn't er missed it fer bags o' money — an' we've got such a fine position.' 'Yes,' said Mums, 'you'll soon want a new one; the collar's getting quite shabby.' 'Ther go the guns,' cried Dads; 'seven- teen of 'em. He's coming !' 'Are they shooting him?' enquired Rube. 'No, you stoopid; it's only powder.' 'But s'posin' they did shoot him; s'pos in' someone put bullets in the gun, an' ther Governor was blown ter little bits, would they feed some one else on tarts, and lollies, an' things, an' make a new Go Riiho u mflv hp. p.-rnlained had heard quite lately of the habits of bees in regard to their Queens. ' S'posin' they I shotted the Governor an' wanted er pew one, should we all have er chance ?' But the increasing din of steam whistles and distinct cheering made all further co herent talk impossible. Dads grew moment by moment more and more excited as he saw — or fancied he saw — the advancing flo tilla of ships, the debarkation of the Gover nor-General from the Royal Arthur to the steam launch, his landing at the glorified drinking fountain without the drink — the historic incident, when a thousand throats gave tongue to the moment's joy. What a crushing of people came from be hind ! A pushing, squeezing mob of strug gling shouters that squashed Mums fiat on to Dad's spine, and made Tilly give such a squeak that Charlie Lyons had to hold her in his arms for minutes afterwards. Aided by a hatpin stolen from Euphemia, Rube was testing how much of the fat man in front of him was solid. Very soon Rube's scientific researches had the result of giv ing much room to himself and iitrlc bro thers — to Mum's delight:— 'How kind ' of the people ! I thought the poor children would have been killed !' Dads was going frantic. 'Hip ! hip! hoo ray! Hip! hip! hooray! Shout Jabez! shout ?unariie : snout everyone: rue uovernor s ?landed! He's shaking hands— just like you or me! He's getting in his carriage. Look! look! Hip! hip! hooray! The finest man in the world, bar none! Now, that's some thing like a gentle- man. You can see it in thc-r cut o' him! Hip! hip! hooray! Long live Lord Hopetoun! Hopetoun for ever: For he's a jolly good fellow, an' so say all of us! Hip! hip! hooray!' Lc-ng after the Governor-General's car riage was driven by, Dads was dancing and shouting — 'Did yer see him? I saw him! By cripes! Don't he take 'ther bun? Er real aristocrat ter ther toe-nails; thoroughbred; no brumbie about him, my oath! Come on, Mums, come on, kids; let's follow on. We irJgh'i; see him again.' 'I thought you were a Republican, Mr. Wayback,' said Charlie Lyons. - 'So I am,' said Dads. 'I'm er Republican tor ther -marrer er mo bones, in theory; but ?when I sees er man what is er man like that ere, I'd make him ther Emperor o' Australia, I would, an* King o' Bargo — by cripes!' 'Wasn't it lovely?' said Tilly, who had seen nothing, to Sarah Jane, who had seen lesv 'Just too sweet for anything,' said Sarah Jane,, who had picked up this phrase at the Coffee Palace dinner-table, and fired it off with great unction at ten minute intervals. DADS EXCITEDLY WELCOMING THE GOVERNOR-GENERAL. 