CREW SAVED BY A GHOST. Many strange incidents occur at sea, but none more so than that which befell Captain Benner, of the brig Mohawk, a Bmall vessel engaged in the West Indies trade. After leaving St# Thomas, ber last port of call, on one voyage the brig was steering a north-westerly .course, homeward bound, beating up under short canvas against high winds and heavy seas following io tee wake of a hurricane which had traversed the tropics five or six days before. Her captain, who had been some hours on deck, went below at midnight after directing the firat officer, who was on watch, to keep the course then steered, and to call him in case of any change for tee worse in the weather. He lay down upon a sofa in tee main cabin, but as the brig's bell struck twice, became conscious of the figure of a man, wearing a green sou'wester, standing beBide him in the dim light of the cabin lamp. Then he heard the words— "Change your course to tbe sou'weut, captain." Captain Benner got up and went on deck, where he found teat the weather had moderated and that the brig was carry ing more sail and making better head way. He asked the mate on duty why he had sent down to call him, to which that officer re plied that he had not done so. The captain, fancying that he had been 1 dreaming, went back to tbe cabin, but he was disturbed soon again by a second visit from . the man id tbe gAeen sou'wester, who re peated his previous order and vanished up the corapamonway. The captain, pow thoroughly aroused, jumped up and pur sued tbe retreating figure, but saw no one until he met the mate on watch, who insisted that he had not sent any messenger below. Mystified and perplexed, Captain Ben ner returned to the cabin only to see hiB singular visitor re appear, to hear him repeat the order to change the course to Bou'-west, with tbs added warning — 44 If you do not it will soon he too late!" and to see him disappear as before. Going on deckhe gave the accessary orders for the change in the ship's course to south west. The officers of the brig were not only surprised, but also indignant, and finally de termined to seize their captain and put him in irons, when, soou after daybreak, the look out forward reported some object dead ahead. As the vessel kept on it was made out to be a Bhip's boat, As it ranged abeam it was seen to contain four men lying under its thwarts, one of whom wore a green sou'wester. The Mohawk was promptly hove to, a boat lowered, and the castaways taken in. The castaways proved to be tee captain and three men, the only survivors of tee crew of a vessel which had gone down in the horri- cane, and they had been drifting helplessly without food for five or Bix dayB. The green sou'wester was the property of tbe rescued captain. A few days later when he had re covered sufficiently to be able to leave his berth, he was Bitting one day in tho main cabin of the brig with Captain Benner. He suddenly asked bis hoBt whether he believed in dreams. "Since I have been here," he continued, " I have been thinking bow familiar this cabin looks. I think that I have been here before. In the night before you picked me up I dreamed that I came to you here ia this cabin and told you to change your course to sou'west. The first time you took nomotice of me, and I came the second time in vain ; bnt the third time you changed your course, and I woke to find your ship alongside of us." Then Captain Benner, who had noticed the resemblance of tho speaker to his myBteriouB visitor, told his own story of that night. 