ENGLISH SPORTJN& NOTES' (From our Suedal Oarftspooden.t.) London, {September 28, 1900. An 'unknown' is challenging Joey Nut tall to swim 100 yards, 229 yards, and SXt yards, for a big stake, and Nattell being wilting, there is a paaeibBity of some genu ine test being applied to the merits of the world's ohammon. As an amateur Joey never achieved great Uanga in sprint races, according to die dockings of tonlay, bat I well remember that a few years ago, abbot 1893, I think, efforts were made to get up a syndicate to back Father Tune against NottaH, iwbo ihad, ft was said, of fered to bet £500 to £1,000 thai, he could get inside 60 seconds for 100 yards in a 25-yard bath. At that time 63 seoonos for Vhe hundred iwae reckoned something ' very smart, but the syndicate didn't cry stallise, and from certain, things I heard it was evident that somebody knew some thing.- The identity of Nuttall's latest challenger is 'Vrop in misfcry,' bat some people aver that it is F. C. V. Jjote. This 1 can hardly believe, but if it be true that the issuer of the cartel is- an amateur, iLane is certainly tine only man wtho had cne ghost of a show with Nottail at the dis tances named, setting aside Derbyshire ana Jarvis, who have both flatly denied that they have anything to do with the chal lenge. As to NnttaB'e present abilities, some people appear to think that he is 'a man who was,' so far as swimming is con cerned, but J. A. Jarvis, who is cadi: of the amateur walk at all distances ever 230 yaras —he has an open water trial record ot 2 min. 42 sec. for that distance — has placed on record his opinion {hat he himself is the only man in the business vfho can give Joey a good race at a mile, and he says, **The man who beatc me at a, mile will liave to do 24 mintf;-' I hare done 24 tnin. 17 see. in a trial, and I think I eooid possfbly improve on that.' Yet Jarvrs minute that Joey wodd win, arid as the amateur champion remarked, 'That shows you what sort of a nuu Nuttall must oe.' Twenty-four minutes for the mile means keeping up Jarvis's recent 6.49 gait for the 500 yards amateur championship over the 1.760 yards. As a seaBer George Bubear evidently 1?.?* superfluous on the racing stage. His ' latest attempt was to seufl Sam Emmet* / uver tie Thames chaunjpmehSp coarse for £50 a. aide. Emmett is a long way from , - hatupionship ckss, and is nearer 40 than , 30, ^but he. was far too good for the ex champion, whom he led from start to finish a:nl beatt with consummate ease by half a dozen lengths in the slow time of 23 minutes 8 seconds. ? Mr. H, C' White bad an unexpected smile from Dame Fortune at Newmarket on Wednesday. when,.irom a biggish field, his lightly- weighted five-year-old Australian im portation, Spark DL, brousht off a short head victory in ihe Great Eastern Railway Handicap of £615. For this six furlong dash. 18 weighed out, and Mr. White's horse, though only carrying- 6 st. 12 lb., was so Sttle fancied by either hie connec tions or the poHie thai fee bookies were offering 100 to I well mgh in vain. The field caused no end of. trouble at the post, and finally, after half an. hour's vain effort to get a decent start by the old method, Mr. Coventry requisitioned the machine. Few of the 'Geld had oaf practical acquain tance wifh it, bat tiey fined op fairly weJl. Bparks's AustraHan experience stood him in good stead when the tapes went op, and he got away with an advantage of half a Anzpn lenetha. little Manser, win rode Mr. White's forkan. none, let the horse gang his am {nit, with the result that, though vigoronSy challenged by Waterhen (6 yre., 8 st. 7 lb.), the outsider hejd his own to the ead, ana gained a head* victory. At the same meeting. Mr. L. Robinson, bn Australian, who has been a considerable speculator in yoong blood stock sired by Carbine, leaped some reward for his faith, in that grand horse, his colt Snndonald, by Carbine— Lady Kenoai, easily winning the Ditch mile Nursery Handicap, of £251, in a field of 17 youngsters. Dandonafel car ried 8 sL, the top weight, and was conced ing from 3 to 38 lb. toUs opponents. 