S03IE INCIDENTS. Tommys Daily Bread. A member of the Supply Branch of the Army Service Corps, writing from Orange River camp, gives some interest ing jjarticulars of his work at the bakeries: — There are 30 ovens here. They are filled four times a day. Each oven holds nine tins, and each tin 12 loaves ot lib. Coz. each. The ovens are beared with wood, tons of which come in every day. Half a dozen 'nigjrers' are kept chopping it up. Five out of the 30 ovens are brick ones. The other 25 are what are called 'Aldershot' ovens — two pieces of sheet iron bent to form an larch, and then built up with bricks, turf, etc. The heat in the marquee where the troops are is very great, but it is much worse in front of the big wood fires, as you may imagine. Many of us have bad a day off, and some two. on account ol sickness, stomach pains, etc. The doctor attributes it to the alternate heat and void we are subjected io in our work. Hi-w Tommy Fares. In a letter written from Orange River to his friends at Blackburn, Private Charles Harrison, of the 3rd Grenadier Guards, has an'intei-estinE reference to the manner in which the troops are faring. Ee says: — Our battalion prac tised the attack this morning at abom 4.30 : reveille at 4, and coffee at 4.15. After we came back we had a breakfast, which consisted of bread (dry, of course), but, 'By gad!' didn't I relish it! Com injr from Cape Town we had biscuits and 'bul'ly,' the same yesterday morning and dinner-time : but si bed-time we had biscuits and jam, and capital stuff it was. The biscuits are not quite so hard as those we had at Gib, as they are not a thousand years old. A Ruse Which. Succeeded. Here is an interesting bit about the escape from Dundee: — The Boers took po-ssessicn of Impati Mountains and sur rounded us. We were in- a terrible fix, cut off from eosnnranication from any where. We sent to Ladysmith for re inforcements, but they were hard pressed at Elands Laagte, and we could cot bave them. So about eight- o'clock on Sun day night two companies of curs went down under cover of darkness to the camp and lit it up -with candles so as to make the enemy think that we were there, but in the morning we were twenty odd miles away. We hsd to go right under the Boer guns to get away, and we did it grand and got to Lady smith, where they thought -we were all cut up. And duin't the troops at Lady smith give us a cheer, and oo mistake. A Grim Picture. Here is a. grim picture from a pri vate's letter: — One of our fellows was talking to a parson v.ho went over the baiikiield of Elands Laagte a- day after the fight- Re says that there were ter rible sights, the most awful of which was a Boer sitting down quite naturally, with a bayonet clean through him, and about six inches of the muzzle of tbe rifle as well, while the Tommy who had given the mig-bty tbrust was lying down as if asleep, witli a small bullet hole in his forehead. The Boer was graspins the barrel of the rifle with both hands, and his eyes were staring out straight i n front of him with a horrified look in them, as if he had seen a ghost. 