THE SPIRITS IN PRISON. (By Basil Wilberforce, D.D., Canon Westminster.) Preached in Westminster A'bbey Sunday, June 10, in connection'witti the World's Temperance Congress; "He went and' preached to the spirits-in prison:"' -L Peter iii., 13. -And "as He is so are we in this "world," says St. John. Mnch ingenuity has been expended by the representatives of_ certain phases of theological thought in toe vain endeavor to explain this gi'orious incident away. Wlhen they succeed ia arguing the son out of the heavens they will succeed in eliminating from, the hearts and hopes of men -She glorious lesson 'of this incident. It is direct, intelligible, historical, con clusive. It-appeals to the best and deepest instincts of man's "better nature, and,, more over, it is God- inspired; and as such it is a revelation of the justice and mercy and tenderness of the Universal Parent. There is nothing in fact or fiction that compares, in wonder and in interest with t'he glorious unveiling of the unseen world, the picture of Almighty Love Incarnate entering the prison-house of disembodied spirits, and there, surrounded by the ghosts of men and women drowned in the Hood, proclaiming the charter of man's salvation, and re stitution-"I am He that liveth and was dead, and behold, I am alive for ever more, and I have the keys of death and of Hades." New, the heart and life of this great solemn fact, this soul-com forting revelation of. the -descent of the. Christ into Hades is to certain extent dependent upon t'he clear recognition of the Incarnation in its double aspect, as a revelation of God to man, and the inter pretation of man to himself. In the first aspect Jesus was the inter preter of God, and, therefore, His actions are revelations of permanent attitudes of the mind of God. He was i3ie Manifes ter of the moral character of the Infinite Originator, and this not partially or imper fectly, but in completeness. So that when the Apostle declared, "In Him dwellefch all the fulness of the Godhead bodily," it is as though he had said 'chat all the nature of t'he universal soul 'that can be expressed to and received by men, all the sweet rea sonableness that there is in God has ut tered itself, embodied itself in the Divine Man. And now you know, if you are be lievers, that the universal diffusion of the Divine Person in whom you live and move and have your being is not a 'formless 'force like electricity, or a boundless abstraction like your idea of space, or a far- distant aw ful throne in the skies, but arf*all-inelusive Being, 'loving with an everlasting love, closer to Him than ' breathing, whose character is the character of Jesus-that tihe God whom tradition 'has taught you t'o praise and tremble before is such a one as Jesus. When He says to us abso lutely, without limitation or reserve, "He that hath seen Me. hath seen the Farther," there is no metaphysical confu sion, no denial of the absolute purity of the Godhead, nor is -there when on Trinity Sunday I pour forth my- anthem of adora tion to Jesus as 'the Almighty, and say, "Thou only art holy, Thou only art the Lord, Thou only, 0 Christ, with the Holy Ghost, art most high in the glory .of God the Father. SLANDERS AGAINST GOD. Now, it seems ito me that one and the first inevitable consequence of .the revela tion of 'tie moral character of the uni versal soul is the complete obliteration of_ the degrading phantom of the A1-' mighty torturer. The medieval . doc trines of - corrupt Latinism, the brilliant but lurid imagination of a Dante, are recognised in the light of the Jesus revelation of God as man-made slanders against the infinite Love and Reason, in whom we live and move and have our being. The terrible ordeal of the second death, to which in justice and mercy, self-degraded and impenitent natures must be doomed, as were those who sinned at the time of the Flood, is seen to be the beneficent Divine procedure wherry illimitable Love changes death in to life, where God unmakes that He may remake the soul, and Hades is seen to be the eternal process moving on From state to state the spirit -o-alks, And these axe but the shattered stalks Or ruined chrysalis of num. To-aceept the Jesus-revelati&n; of God. is to believe in the infinite resources and end- ' less chartgelessness of responsible love; it:; is to 'be convinced that there are no depths into which His love will not go in searching. ' for Has/lost; it is to be convinced that ' The sun will pierce The thickest cloud earth ever stretched, That after last returns the first, Though a. wide compass round1 be fetched; ?What began be# cannot end' worst, Xbr what God once blessed prove accurst. And I ask you to acknowledge this trans cendent incident of the missionary descent of Christ into Hades recorded by St. Peter, endorsed with a]l the authority of inspira tion, the &oul-living; optimism c;f Browning, for it describes verily and literally, with an accuracy as to detail from -which there is no escape, the San of Righteousness, the missionary activity of the universal soul piercing one of the thickest clouds earth ever stretched, that cloud of doubt, of mystery, of-terror which bangs like a fune ral pall over the future and the infinite in; the world beyond the grave. To those who apprehend-, so far -as the -human intelligence can apprehend, the ab solute identity of Jesus with the universal1 soul, it represents the Infinite Originator,. Hie Creator Embodied in Jesus, releasing the souls of men undergoing the remedial discipline of the unseen world from the agonising sense of dereliction, from the age long misery by revealing to them the truth which alone can save the soul in the midst of the tangled problems by which it is s«r-: rounded here, namely, the essen-Sal antf-un-; alterable and irrevocable inseverability o£ God and man. THE IJDSAXESTOE OF GOD. But I have a lesson that 'I desire to draw from it. In this descent into Hadeswe see one of the greatest secrets and responsibili ties of our several moral natures. Jesus as the specimen of the race was the interpreter of man to himself. - Man is as great a mystery as God-he is so complex, such an amalgam of, apparently contradictory elements, that the 'hardest command that may be given to man is, "Know thyself." Imagination and percep tion and memory and conscience and will and inspiration perplex and baffle us; we want to know what we are and -whencs we come. God has told us out of heaven it self, what we are in the majestic disclosures of the Incarnation. . Jesus in this aspect is God's picture, lesson df His ideal of our common human nature; Jesu9 is the objec tive manifestation of that subjective divine sanity which is the attribute and posses sion of humanity as a whole. Jesus was the climax of that utterance of the Creat ing Spirit which is immanent in the uni verse and incarnate in man. Jesus_ was the embodiment of the supreme dominant force of the universe of the power that animates the atom and controls the planet. "By Him," says St. Paul to the Collosians, "all things subsist"-that is, hold together. What electricity is to matter that the im manence of the Word is to the universe. Earth 'being solid, this weight of btody and limib, are^they not sign and symbol of thy division from Him? The ear of man cannot hear, and 'the eye of man cannot see, but if we could see and hear this vision, were it not Thee? The soul of the universe expressed in all visible things.finds its highest expres sion on this planet in man, and of that ex pression the pure and sacred manhood of Jesus is the one perfect manifestation. But, now, mark the lesson I desire to dra'w - the inference of tihe ail-in clusive power ? immanent in the uni verse, embodied . in perfection in Jesus, for the purposes of observation, transcends personality; it is the possession, of the race, and God's full Christ is not one man, but the muM'tudijious race - of map. ia- ;Him. THE HIDDEN LIFE. ]SrOW, I ask you if that is not the meaning of the saying that your life is hid .with Christ in God. And here lies _ the un changeableness of obeying that voice "within you. . To recognise that your higher life, as Marcus Aurelius said, is a god in exile, or, more truly, a spark of God's life em bodied, is to discover an animating force, capable of moving your life into a nobler attitude. "If any man have not t'he spirit oi Christ he is none'of us," and the spirit of Christ is the spirit of manly uprightness, conscientious citizenship, of (honest trade, of personal purity, and above, all it is the spirit' of brotherliness, and the spirit of rescue. We have seen the activity' of the spirit of rescue exercised on behalf of lost souls in Hades, giving the lie to the blas phemy of Thomas Aquinas, "who taught us that the blessed were to be rejoiced with a full sight . of the punishment of the dead. But if we have "the spirit of Christ we must remember that there are damned in this world as well as in t'he next; we must not wait to rescue until we get to the other side. There are spirits in prison on this side of the grave waiting for a Christ to descend into their Hades. And what Christ? The Christ in you, the "hope of glory, the spirit of -the Christ who was the enthusiast of 'humanity, the lover of the people, the friend of the poor, t'he comforter of the weary and the heavy laden-"Ye are the .body of Christ and members in particular." I have no sympathy with those half-hyste rical fancies which would perpetuate t'he stupid anachronism of transporting in imagination the God-inhabited Galilean of twenty centuries ago into a London draw ing-room to-day, .and then asking, What would Jesus d!o? T'he question for a -congregation 'Eke this is not, What would Jesus do? It is, What d.oes.the in dwelling Spirit of the Divine SonsMp which nVas manifested in Jesus bid me. to "do . to day while I have' time? It bids me to re alise that the Spirit of Christ overflows t'he ^boundaries of individualism. It convinces me that the race is an organic whole, in wliieh eaxih must do for all what 'he alone does best. It assures me that the dignity and power of one whose life is hid with, the Ohris'fc of God consists in his identification in heart and method with _ Christ; that when He willingly entered into the awful prison of disobedient spirits that He might plumb the depths of their misery, He sug gested that there are levels in human de gradation at which rescue becomes impos sible unless the rescuer will" descend to the very depths of Hades to seeik and save the lost. HADES IN LONDON. And I venture to say that the im agination of man is incapable of conceiv ing anything in Hades more foul than the drink-cursed slums of any densely populated English town. You read some modern books-" 'Liza of Lambeth," "Number 5, John-street," "The Child of the Jago"-and you think what you read there is exaggerated. We are bound to tell you that they do not dare unfold iialf the truth. From this very pulpit the Dean of Canterbury described such a Hades within a stone's throw of the western door of this abbey. He said-"It is a Dantean hell of brutality and squalor, of which the very air reeks with abominations, and while threats and blows resound in the curse-laden air, the children -. ragged, miserable, half-starved children, the children who will grow up to recruit the ranks of the felon and the harlot-huddle together in mute terror/' Yon will understand why I say this to-day. My subject is not of my own .choosing. I am speaking on behalf of the National Temperance League and in connection with the World's Temperance Congress now being held in London. 1 am perfectly well aware of the unpopu larity of the subject, and I am also amsolute ly indifferent to that unpopularity. I know it is a marked characteristic of an age of hixury to resent plain-speaking about a no torious sin; 'but men in earnest Jiave no time to waste in sewing fig-leaves over the naked' truth. St. Paiul was a man in ear nest; he sewed no fig-ieaves for the naked truth, he never gtoased over with, the pen cil of euphemism vices which were easing out the hearts of his converts- his plain, unvarnished assault on deadly sins, which ihe enumerates under the Sheading of the works of the flesh, breathes the atmosphere of refreshing candor and encourages all Christian ministers to clear themselves trom the imputation of luke-warmness. When so-called Christian society is asham ed of sin it w31 be time enough for Chris tian ministers to 'be ashamed to speak of sin from their pulpits, and to-day I am commissioned to speak of sin-of foul, treacherous, fascinating sin; a sin which is the .parent of impurity, infidelity, suffer ing, suicide, murder; of sin that knows no distinction between rich and poor, men and women, learned and ignorant ; oT sin that stamps its cursed label, like the brand of Cain, upon the besotted features of men and women made in the image of God, ad vertising them before their fellow-men, saying, "See, Ihere are-beings in whom is the kingdom of heaven-who are predestined to be conformed to the image of Christ-and it is ?written all over their faces that their god is their belly!" OUR NATIONAL SHAME. I do not .propose to worry you with sta tistics of .our national shame; they have been collected in ghastly and overwhelming :array again and again. Hie most recent, and in some respects, perhaps, t'he most notable contribution, is in Messrs. Rowntree and Sherwood's work, which is called "'The Temperance Problem -and Social Reform," which has come out -in a new and enlarged edition. They prove beyond a shadow of doubt that misery, brutality, and crime are prevailing to an .alarming extent. A judge of the Divorce Court, that standing witness of the in ability of birth, education, and refinement to remedy the evils of the human heart, once declared that nine out of every ten cases on which 'he had to adjudicate ©-wed their origin to strong drin'k. "lie police, whose activity in the detection of crime is quiet naturally in proportion to the urgency of their orders from headquarters,' could tell you, if they chose, of accursed dens of infamy, where hoys and girls of tender years are initiated into the very mysteries of Baal and Ashtaroth. Their young hearts seared as with a hot iron, they are drawn irresistibly into iihe vortex of debasement and ruin to swell-t'he ranks of the criminal, harlot, and pauper. The columns of the daily papers, the con stant utterance of judges, ministers, coro ners, superintendents of lunatic asylums, and workhouses, accumulate evidence that the most direct stimulus to crime, lunacy, and pauperism is strong drink. Drink, -says the "Tkn.es" in=a-leadkrg article, baffles us, confounds us, shames us, mocks us at .every point. It outwits alike the doctor, .the man of'business, the patriot, and the legislator. _ When every other institution flounders in %opetess -ffifficufties the public house holds,'its triumphant couise. There - is not a vice or a disease or a... disorder or a calamity of any kkui that :bas-not its frequent rise in the public-house. It de grades, ruins, and -brutalises a large frac tion of . the British people, and tie most 'terrible proof of the extent to which this fiendish epidemic is infecting the main springs of our national life is to be found, in "the appalling fact that according to the Registrar-General's report, the deaths directly attributable to alcohol have'in the last 40 years increased amongst women 100 per cent. ' s . ? THE -GREATEST POLITICAL MENACE. . Now that the impeachment against England's national intemperance has been proved, it is natural to turn to the Govern Iment of the country in the expectation tha't immediate measures will be taken to-alle viate 'this monstrous evil. Why do ?we turn in vain? The reason is obvious. We will have no: fig-leaves over the naked truth. The greatest political menace of our day is the gigantic power of the wealthy monopoly of the trade dn intoxicating liquors. Every Government fcreimbles before it.' Lord Bcvsebery said .tihaJt a time was approach ing when, if the Sfelte did nbt control tite liquor traffic, the liquor traffic would con trol fihe Stai'te. His prophecy ia in process of being fulfilled under ' yiou very eyes. Many of us weOl arecoltect how a great poli tical leader-"She greatest perhaps, of our century-when out . of office denounced the gresalt licensed lidiior traffic of the na tion as producing tine combined evils of war, peiJfretence, and" famine. He declared the main object of' the conscientious legis lator stoouOd; be to mate it easy for Che people to dio rigllit and cEfficult for them to dio wrong; and when the eloquent ut tecer of these magnificent truism^ was en tihiraiasttically placed in power, partly upon the very repiitiitSon off su'dh enlightened-. seribmiEnte, w8iat did we see? In four years twenty-six Bills aimed at Hitemper imce were wrecked'by obstruction, by indif ference, by talking in the House of Com meas* Now, I venture tio say ttfiait the hope _ol the future from the point of .view' of legist . laition lies in. the growing .power .'of tiha ! dem'octfacy. I shall not live to see it, ana I think very few of you will/live to see it, bat it will come. Some day the scales will drop from the eyes of ? the enfranchised masses; some day the enlightened work* inig classes mil wake to the fact that the immense public > house sys« tem of this . country, ^giving sums, to the revenue .from >t!he bit ter poverty and grinding -pauperism/ of. t'he .people, is a. most terrible injury; against their class, and then the present Elaborate system of society - petted and government - sanctioned and revenue - P£°" ducing temptation . is doomed; In spite' of the hundreds of millions invested . inT England's curse, in spite of the diffusion); of this curse by {fbe joint -stock company,;; expedient, when once the working classes': are face to face w^fch their enemy, w!hem^ looking at the accumulation of evils press* < ing upon them," pointing to the shivering: children driven on tlhe streets familiarised' with obscenity and blasphemy .from their, infancy, they turn upcfh the liquor traffic rolling in wealth and say. "This as your' work/' the toraadb .that will burst upon;, it "will assuredly ref orm it off the face 06 the earth. THE RESPONSIBILITY OP, CHKISnAKS. But,' meanwhile - yes, meamyftnle, that is what I have to do with to- night>-upon, whom do you' imagine rests the deepest re sponsibility for the present state of things. I have not the slightest hesitation in re* , plving that it rests upon those who profess' and call 'themselves Christians, if they; understand the meaning of the word Chris-, tian, whose lack of energy, zeal,'and wis< dom,and courage, 'has permitted,wtthout re monstrance, conditions of which the public house trade is the natural-and the logical outcome. I do not for a moment say thai! the man of the highest religious thought has a monopoly of the responsibility for the souls of those who are perishing from strong drink. Drunkenness is every<pne 3 responsibility, of course; it imoo^mhes the people, increases taxation, limits tua producing power of the na)tion. It is, therefore, a question for the statesman, even if he be an Atheist. It deteriora'tes; the race, renders life less worth living by increasing its sorrows, multiplying _ itg. perils, aggravating its evils; it 13 therefore, a queston for the philanthropist, .whether he be a Mussulman, or a Buddhist, or a Jew Brit drunkenness bars the channels of grace between the' soul of the rom and .the life-giving Spirit-of God; it defiles the. temple of the Holy Ghost. 7 tell you, ?gats St. Paul, that they Ttfho do such, things shall not inherit the Kingdom or God." It is, therefore, pre-eminently a question for those whose standpoint or faith is the higher Christianity, who. Relieve that God and man are elementarily insepar able, that salvation is not the mockery ofi escaping hell by a subterfuge, but the evo lution of character from the g»a"m oj the Kingdom - of Heaven within, and wlio cLtg < convinced t-bat- ifc is ~th.Q "wliolf creation, and not a few favored and. selec ted specimens, that shall be delivered irons the bondage t>f corruption. WHAT ? IKDIVIDUAIS CAN DO. Now, that I may be practical and defi nite, what can we do? ' Well, I would.say first, let us in God's name clear our minda from cant. Let - us stop our ears to the plausible sophistries of thbse who would soothe us into .'inaction by saying that this evil is exaggerated-there is- no language known to man that can even express it, mueh less exaggerate it, and, .'who assure U! we can leave the issue to the gradual in* fluence of education, of increasing know ledge and refinement. Education, know ledge, refinement! They, were not wanting to Charles Lamb, the poet and essayist, tne friend of Wordsworth and Coleridge; they only added to the 'bitterness of his pathetic wail, "From what have "I fallen if the child that I remember was indeed,myself." They ^ are not wanting to many victims of the ' prevailing curse amongst the higher ranks of English society whose degradation and misery are concealed .' from public know ledge "by their position in life. 'Secondly, believing that the penl>of souls is of more importance than the interest. 01 any particular trade, we can become^ and we ought to become more aggressive. ^ We~ can constantly, keep i^he question before tha notice of magistrates, landowners* and the public. At times of elections, ? whetner . municipal or Parliamentary, we can show., by our votes that we are in earnest, and that our party feeling is subordinate to n:iiiona!l morality. We can refuse, if. we are iii a position to do so, or'iise our nltle influence to persuade'others to refuse, . to lease a single acre of ground for building purposes wi th ou t a stringent covenant ' to exclude public-houses. - When a certain, company of grocers decided suddenly last year to apply for grocers' licenses for all their multitude of houses, and so; to in crease immeasurably the curse - of secret drinking1 amongst a certain class, the Ec clesiastical Commissioners absolutely re fused to allow a single license- to be takeii for any house on the whole of their vast property. Doubtless there-will be pecuniajy; loss, butvthe moral gain- will be indescrib able. Of course, if xou become aggressive you will be freely accused of waiifc ot cliaxity; you will be told you are crusading against those who are often G'od- fearing and phil anihropic, against those who build cathe drals and dwellings for the working-classe<> and support the Church, in all her works* It may to some'sound fanatical, but I say that the cathedrals had better crumble to the ground than be rebuilt with money reeking with the blood of the widow and 'the orphan,, and that but for the vast accumulation of wealth gained by supplying - temptation .at an inordinate profit, the working classes would 'be able to build their own houses without any grandmotherly assis tance. But let it be understood that we have no ? quarrel with individuals. The worthiness of the individual' is wholly outside the question of the destriictiveness of tha trade. General Joubert was, I believe, an exceedingly worthy individual, but his oc cupation. 'was hostile to British, interest and we did our very best to MQ iiiirii. Finally, we can choose-I lay it on nobody as a duty-we can if we choose, in the face of ;the present distress, banish from our own use that -which, though perhaps it has never been and could never be a danger to ourselves, is brutalising, ruining; pauper ising, maddening . thousands of our 'brethren in humanity. The simple, quiet self-denial of personal total abstainers is withint the power of all, and I could over whelm* you ?with examples which have come under 'my experience in the last thirty years of the strengthening, - informing power in every kind of society 'of tne silent witness of total abstainers on the part of those who never made a platform speech in their lives, and who could not sustain for five minutes an argument as to the path ology of intemperance" I am convinced that the marked change of opinion amongst cler gymen, doctors, lawyers,' and statesmen in the last 30 years is to 'be attributed more to the influence'of the thousands of abstainers than-to the arguments and statistics ofre .formers. ' Obviously you'have got both the righ't and the power to use intoxicating drink if'you please. 'David had both the right and -the .power to drink that water won for him from the well at Bethlehem: but it had been secured a!t the cost of blood, and 'he poured it on the sand. Jesus 3iad both, the right and the power ,to turn, stones irrto bread/in thewilderness. Had; He done so He would' 'have forfeited His identification with. . . His brethren in humanity by availing Himself of a method' of susterranee'beyond their reach. He had' both the righ't and "the power to deaden the pains of crucifixion by the use of the ano dyne of Alcohol and mandragora offered to Hiin. He used Hi's liberty in refusing, that He might have fellowship with' humanity in their sufferings. I have the right and the power to ex tend to niyself "the1 indulgence of using in toxicating drink; no man dare to say me nay, but if I do so I cannot place myself by identification by the side of my fallen brother -whose only chance of cure lies in. uncompromising abstinence. If I v.'ould take him by the hand, bid him exalt him self and crucify the flesh, it is well that I should ?unfetter my heart arid ' cleans© my hands by first bearing myself the; cross that I - am ; asking ' him to-.-take up. I. do not care one feather weight whether or_ not there is logic in this, I know there is love. Dove is above logic and loiye saves the world. There Was little_logic and much -love in the self renunciation o'f Calvary. Aaid there is a voice still asking down the ages, thxsKmg the very air around us-"Whom sShall ± semi and who will go for me?" It is the voice of God 'immanent in humamity; it is the voice of Him who descended into Hades on Ihis work of rescue. Yoa remember V; ' Still Thy love, O Christ arisen, 'tongs ;to reach these souls in. prison. Through all the depths of sin and loss ." , Sinks the-plummet of Thy cross. Never yet abyss -waa found Deeper than the cross would sound. f (But in; this dispensation, when. we are iJent.into -the -world for a 'little wMle' ti> mate it a little better; to wipe away some /tears, at least, from some faces, tihe blessed ascended Lord can only reach.'these', souls in prison through the agency of men and ^omen' Triof; .possess Bis 'spirit; who are themselves -prepared to descend into tihell if-He . wishes it, tb seek and'-Save the lost.! rAnd I ask whether some 'heart (here WSL enter into1 the lists: of Jove and will .jgive - Him 'back the answer, "Lord, 'here Hm I, send me." : 