Mv Uncut Diamonds. i. It was in the 'summer of 1891. My Aunt and I were in Switzerland, stay ing at tbe RifEel Alp. The season was at its he^gut, and the hotel was crammed from garret to basement. Amongst the crowd of visitors were three who interested me in particular ? ? HI- T n LAn* w,„j ? a ™-»„ and neplew. Mr Wood was a die fmguished-looking man, of about fifty years of age, a Bpecial favourite, apparently, with the ladies. His wife was quiet and intellectual. Gerald Wood was young and hand some, and a most delightful com panion. He had lived the greater part of his life abroad, and had only recently come across his uncle and aunt, who persuaded him to join them on their trip to Switzerland. As the weeks went by I could not fail to notioe that Gerald Wood seemed to prefer my society to that of any one else in the hotel, and I was Becretly happy. Before our stay at the Eiffel was over he and I had become engaged. But to return to my narrative. One night I had been taking part in some theatricals, and wore on the occasion a handsome clasp of uncut diamonds. They were ten in num ber, large, and of the purest Kind. My father had purchased them in Kimberley for fifteen thousand pounds. After the play was over I was congratulated on all sides on the success of my costume, but Mr Wood was the most enthusiastic. ' Your 'get up' is superb, Miss Cornish,' he said, eyeing me from under half-closed lids, 'and I have seldom, seen such a remarkably hand some clasp as the one you are wearing. May I examine it more closely F he asked, coming nearer to me. ' Certainly 1' I said, and, unclasp ing the brooch, I handed it to him. ' It is very valuable ; I oan see that at a glance,' he observed, pre sently, looking earnestly at the btonee. ' May I ask where they oame from P' ? From De Beers, Kimberley,' I re plied. ' Ah I' At that moment Gerald oame up to me, and Mr Wood handed the diamonds back, *h».nlHng me for al lowing him bo close a scrutiny. For many months after this I thought no more of my diamonds. II. It was just after Christmas that I went to stay with Mr and Mrs Wood at their country house in Surrey. On my arrival at Foirhill Oonrt, my hostess accompanied me to my room, a large handsome apartment ; the walls were covered with quaint tapestry, and the bed was draped with beautiful silk hangings. ' Do you believe in ghosts, my dear?' asked Mis Wood, casually. ' Not I,' I replied, laughing. ' Well, I am glad to hear you say that, Sydney ; for this room is said to be haunted — not that I have seen or heard anything myself, but I thought it right to tell you. Some people are eo nervous,' she oonoluded, smiling* j I assured her that my nerves were in excellent order, and therefore did not anticipate any ghoBtly visitations. But I had not been at Fairhill Oonrt quite a week when something ooourred which made me anxious to leave the house at once. One night I waa awakened 'out of a deep sleep by the jfeeling that some one was In the room. T struck a light, and as I did bo. I thought I heard the rustle of a dress. How ever, there was certainly no one in the room, for I examined every niche and corner. I extinguished the light, and was - soon asleep again. But again I was awakened, and this time the cause .was more obvious. At the farthest end of the room, opposite my bed, I saw a blue, cloudy vapour, rising in spiral form from the floor. My first thought was fire, and I waa on the point of springing out of bed, when something made- me draw baok. Until that moment no one oould have rivalled me in scepticism where ghoBts are concerned ; but it was impossible to refuse to believe the evidence of my own senses, and when I saw the cloudy substance taking tiie form of a human bung, I confess all my scepticism faded away, and I felt siok and faint from sheer fright. My usual' presence of mind deserted me, and, under the influence of this creepy-crawly phenomenon, I became transfixed with terror. The form, whioh was covered with some bluey white drapery, grew more and more distinct, and advanoed slowly towards the foot of the bed, keeping two bright, fiery eyes fixed on me. I retreated as far baok as I oould in the shadow of the bed hangings, wondering how long I could stand the glitter of those awful eyes. Sud denly I- felt a cold, clammy hand ' from behind touch my oheek. With ashriek of terror, I sprang out of bed, and made for the door, but a strange giddinesB seized me, and I fell pros trate on the floor. ? ? ? ? When I oame to myself, daylight was visible through the openings of the Venetian blinds, and, glancing at the clock, I saw it was seven o'clook. My swoon had .been a long one. I tried to believe my reoent adventure had been the result of nightmare, but the recollection was too vivid to make thiB possible for long. I said nothing about the ghosts to either Mr or Mrs Wood, loth to Admit my belief in the supernatural after my frequent avowals to the contrary. Neverthe less, I determined to return home on j the following day, so told Mrs Wood that my father was ill and desired my speedy return. Although I hoped my last night at Fairhill Court would be undisturbed by any more ghostly visitations, I confess that it was with a certain amount of dread that I retired to rest. Once during the night I was wakened by the feeling of a hand slipped gently under my pillow, and with drawn as cautiously. Instantly my thought flew to ti e diamonds, whioh I kept in a ?eather cac-3 under my pillow. I struck a match sharply, oiid looked about, but could see no ore. I felt for tiie diamonds, and finding them Btill there, I concluded my imagination had been playing me biota Nevertheless, I was thankful when morning dawned ; and I can safely say it was one of the pleasant Bst moments of my life when, later In the day, I bade good-bye to my host and hostess, and stepped into the oab which was to take me away bom Fairhill Court. j IH. The excuse I had made to Mrs' Wood for my hasty departure was determined to be a real one, for when I arrived home I found my father very ill. ' We are ruined, Sydney, ruined !' was what he said in answer to my anxious questions. Then, in a few words he told me how, through the failure of some banks, we were com paratively penniless. It was useless to try and find words to console our selves ; the only thing to be done was to make the best of a sad business. I thought of the diamonds. Of course, they must behold. I left the room, returning shortly with the diamonds, and sundry other pieceB of jewellery, which I laid on the tablo close to my father. He looked at me, then at the trinkets. ' Thank you, Sydney,' he said, quietly. I watohed him wrap up the diamonds separately, and put them in one of the inner pookets of his coat. Presently I heard him leave the house. In a couple of hours he returned, and his faee was white. ' Well, father, how muoh did they fetoh f I asked, with feigned cheer fulness. 'Tour diamonds, Sydney? Nothing. They are glass!' And sinking into the nearest chair, he gave vent to a harsh laugh. I was too taken abaok to utter a sound, and oould only stare at him in blank amazement. ' A very clever imitation,' he con tinued, ' but no more diamonds than the choir I am sitting in. You have been robbed, Sydney.' I assured him the diamonds had never once b^en out of my possession. ' Well, you don't suppose I gave fifteen thousand pounds for ten pieces of glass, do you ?' he said, irritably. Then in a flash I recalled the hand under my pillow. The diamonds must have been stolen during my visit to Fairhill Court. But by whom? I then prooeoded to tell my father the reason of my unexpected arrival home. ' Depend upon it, Sydney,' he said, when I had finished speaking, ' the affair of the ghost was a hoax, got up to frighten you. The diamonds were taken that night, and replaced by false ones on the following night. I shall, of course, put the matter in in the hands of the deteotives ; it will be their business to find out the thief.' * But, surely, you don't think Mr Wood ? ' ' I don't think anything,' inter rupted my father. ' I only know the diamonds have been stolen.' ? ? ? * It was some time before the police arrived at any clue te the mystery, but the real culprit was finally dis covered to be Mr Wood, whom I think my father had suspeoted all along. One of the detectives managed to change place with the butler of Fairhill Court, and by this means he obtained knowledge of the whereabouts of the diamonds. Four had been sold, but the remain ing six were found in Mrs Wood's bureau. She and her husband managed to evade justice by flight. | Needless to say, my father did all in his power to moke me break off my engagement ; and it was on this occasion that we had our first serious quarrel. Gerald was horrified when he learnt the true character of his uncle, and wished to release me from, my engagement ; in faot, he did his utmost to aid my father. But I re mained, obstinate, and refused to listen to either of them. Gerald and I are married now, and I do not think either of us has ever once regretted my obstinaoy. — Noha Bltot. ? i ? . 