Kynet«ti_ »hl|»' Council The monthly meeting of thia council was held on Saturday. Ppeaent—'IhefuU council, 1 Cr H3I (President) in the chair. From Mechanics' Institute Comnrfttee^Mk> ing council to permit Mr"Oixmes, the corator of the Botanic Gardens, to supervise the work of fillingin and -planting the gmuul of the HoUfson •treetfrontege oNhe Institnte; also to supply any Bhrnbeand plants necessary— b Mr Omnes to anpervise the work, and to supply shrubs and plants if they oa be spared. Prom lAuriston flaieClub, aAingieaTe to nae a rifle range bom lfr JlMUmMj paddoak Mnm the knrer Spring SiUirtwl into s ihehlllin the paddock now occupied hy Itr im&mit;, partment. 'The clnb»tIltake 'pncantioaa-4D ng jwotect wbat little traffic there is on the mad —Referred tomembers for riding. . Fnom Treasury with aoeoont tor £487 13s Sd, being coontnPs prepoition of the Maniapalitfesi' Endowment Pnnd of £50,000 for the half-year ending 30th June next—Beceired. -The secretary stated that the coandfe proportinnrf the fund was decreasing every year. Fmm suae, with -acenant for £936, the amount payable lor the year1900 to the council ^equivalent under the Licensing Act— ; Becefred. From Water Supply department, asking if (here were any objections toG. Lacey's application for the issue of a dredging lease over 81a 2r 18p of bind along Stony Creek, parish of Trenlham, and to K. Mailer and C. Hanset's application for a similar lease over 120 acres along Bine Crsek,'parish of-Irentham— Referred tornembers forriding. From came, stating that a strip, one <&ain; wide, has been left along the west boundary of section 3, townshipof Trentham, for a road, but has not been formally mm roilor proclaimed. Thfe remainder has been indnded in the site temporarily teamed for public park and recreation—Befesred tomembers forriding. From 3 Dalbro, asking council totake 20 yards of snrplos spalls at the site of his contract—Spalls to be taken at schedule prices. HEEDFUL IXPKOVEKESTB AT FAIB YARDS. A. Ward, market inapueUir, reported that the paste of the small cattle pens in the fair yards are nearly all rotten,- and are constantly falling, the xesolt being that the cattle get boxed, and this causes delay and trouble. A couple of new gates in the sheep pens and one cm the east side of the horse yard are also much needed. The right-ofway on the Booth »de of Xhe market yards is a great-oniautce to fieople raaoving-their cattle from the yards. At present there are three small posts at the-end of it, but they are not high eiwwgfa -or snfficiently dose together to-block the cattle. Some of the animals break ^^ and, rushing iloog -the right-of-way, get into Market street; and cannot be followedby a person on horseback. J. W. Fagan, Drmnmond North, also wrote complaining of the had date of the old cattle pens at the lower end of the yards, and suggesting that a number of small pens be made for,say, bulls or small lots of cattle. The whole -was referred to the Market Committee, with power to act. 6U.UGBTEBTASDS AHD BDTCHEES" P8K- Health- inspector Ward reported that the elaughteryards and batchers' premises in the shire are in a fairly satisfactory state of cleanliness. He bad had several bod drains and dirty yards attended to in Kyneton Biding.— ReceiVed. EEIBE UiWBtrrOE'6 BEPOBT Shire-inspector Ward- reported having , served notice upon a number of occupiers of land in the dure, requiring them to destroy froze and sweet boar growing in their paddocks, aod on h«lf of the roads adjoining their property. One hundred and thirty doga have been registered ap to date for the trnjHit year. Have had a bomber of private crossings spanning the street channels in Kyneton either repaired or replaced by new ones.—Received. TB&A;£UKGfi' > S BEPOBT. The shire treasurer reported having leuelrod -and banked £130414s 3d, also £95 » 7d for wire netting, rfsbelast meeting.—Received. BAZECOLKECrOB'S BEF0BT. The rate coIkctor rqiortEd having mnoe last coHected • £215 ft' 7d from all "Ces." Oas'auajujita tliiee' mocthfl- and «pward in arrear amount to £65 9B Sd.— Received. Inspected land at.Kexroey'6 bridge, Central Oarisrohe rail " As 'Ear as Kearney's pn>poiy is concerned, there is no caase for complaint. The fence is seeme. On the aamfrside of the creek at the portion of land l, tbeeomidrsiiraperijr.the'dopeol the creek bankis damagefand two fence posts partly down. ' Tbis Is earned the wster fcom the -fnrnwstf fte ^joining land Training down thedope. The water should be taken toone point and carried down the dope with rtooe pitching.—Work tohe done . A small ^EA'tiln it tmieiis showing thepnvoeEdiMdtiiwoffhenewel&eeiatthe; mazket ys^(, andatao the jidrition^af "the pasent ofllees.' At the Market street gate tfae'old'^oSding^D'he iuuund,^nd snsScr qCSoe ihr the irmuxUic taly to be Bubstilijlrd The new offices to f root the eontimtation of Market atzeet on the north aide of the hone yards, two or more as-Bay he iwprirrd - Instead of having a passage through the baUdingaod-oSoesoB eacb side, I helieve It would aoit battertobave a wsaadahto-front and eotorthe oSoesfrom the verandah. The site of the TOoais^proposed U 10ft by 12ft.. 3he cost would be about £25 each room.— Tcnklfis tobe called for^officss., KOTIONB BT VOIICK. Cr W. Garter moved—^That tendersbe; invited for repair metal on Honeysuckle xpad, as per allocation. Or moved—That lyn^* 1 be invited for the Tidpply vt Jcpair :metol on Hugbes«nd Breieton's roadt andBOtsaad Hntduaon'atad,aspera&oastion.; Gr W. Oarter morad—That taoders be: mat —lal onti ffir 'W. J. Ontar naoved—That traders be 1 invited "for^-npsir "artal on • iBsbntopo road,4nHn Ihomson'e corner to the ^- ^T^t.!- Junctum«tataoaralsor^>sir metal ociekaad White's road, as per aUocation;- also Agntsnadr Or' ! W.-Carter moved—Thit tenders be invited for repair metal on the Spcingbill road. aa per allocation. Cr Haltoran moved—That tenders he" invited for formingand metalling, Kyneton and Carlsnihe thtee«hain road, as per allocation. Cr Tresidder moved—That tenders bfe invited concurrent with this motion for : maintenance metal, James's lane south, Tren tham, to the extent of £10, as per allocation. Cr Tresidder moved—That tenders be invited concurrent with this motion for forming, metalling, etc,'Boundary rood, Tre tham, to the extent of £30,' aa per allocation Cr Watson moved—That be invited concurrent with this motion for clearitqr etc, Hollis and O'Oonnell's lane, Trentbam, to the extent of £15, as per allocation . All the above motions were carried. Cr Argyle withdrew his motion—That the resolution fixing the amount of £70 paid by the Kyneton Biding to the other ridingson aooount of ruing the ahire offices for gas wads purposes be rescinded—and he promised to bnng.it forwardagain at the end of the present fin«m.j«i year. Cr Thomson told him* he need not do so. as he had not ghost of a show to get it passed. TE5DEBS. The following tenders were accepted:— Colverts, Robertson's road, near Carisruhe, A. PotoD, .£61 Is 6d; oaintenanoe metal, Hughes and Breeeton's and Ellis's and Hntcheson's roads, Edgecombe, P. Leader, 3 10J1 pa yard; maintenance metal, 6ebasto- -pol, Ick and White's, and 8t, Agnes' roads, Laoriston, T. O'Leary, 4s 3d per yard; form ing and mrtaffing, Kyneton aod CaHarnlie three-duun road. A. Glasrcott/ £2 15s per chain; forming and metalling, three- chain boundary road, Coliban, W. Wilmott, £( per chain, subject tochange of site; formingand metalling, Honeysuckle H31 road, and metal. Laoriston and Spring Hill road, T. Healy, £44 18s; clearing timber, BothewelTs to Todd's Creek road. Baynton, eart end, M, White, £79 lfis. Fresh tenders, returnable in a fortnight, were ordered tobe called forNo. 33, cnlvert, and supplying and spreading metal, Chanter's road; and No. 42, snppljfag and spreading metal, James's lane sooth. Fresh tenders, re turnable at next meeting, to be also for No. 38, supplying and spreading metal, Green HOI road ACCOUNTS. Accounts amounting to £917 14s were passed forpayment. GEJfXBAL BtFBIHESS On the motion of Cr Thomson it was decided to call tenders far printing. On the motion of Or Argyle the engineer was instructed tofurnish an estimate of the •cost at connecting Bourke street with High street. On the motion of & Argyle h. was decided to have repairs effected to the road between Bfannhamp and Ward streets. On the motion of Cr W. Carter the engineer was instructed to have screenings inxn gas works placed on the footpath between Piper,street, bridge and Mr' & Sooth's resi -deooe. 1 On the motion of Cr -Thomson it was decided to have repairs effected at a culvert near J. Boorke's.on the central nod leading to the Carapaspe. On the motion of Cr W. Carter it was decided to spend 30a in rtjwiriog the . road be tween the Black HOI Hotel ^nd Conningham'fc. 1 