?TIME. ? ' W ? ? ? THE WAITING OF IT. (By 'Tackra.') it' '?-?'''TO»-3 LBSSED Is the man t^TrvT^o^ssF who ~T*an ' catch \ &*4**&v;*i*y£''ffV Time.' ~ runs an' v 'jmmJu^i^ .'j\ Eastern proverb. S*T?1 Vs'*'! I think that the C^JL idlmfc^J wstlng of time is * *T&Bg;^W*jr quite aa art~an al~ gi :*''- i^HE^ most lost art, but §1 *dWEB5£^v^\ nevertheless de \ ''*£&'* % \'r\ lightful work when ^ nir\ % r^J don® In bra18 ot -$:- 1 iBui-'^f ease. Of course, ?('.*.%':''? 4t *'.'?? ---3r .wasted hours that W^£^t^X should have been KnacK oi rising up like ghosts of the past, and making us remorseful. J- think a lost five minutes early in the morning is a frightful loss; it goes on all day long, get ting more 'Important; and it makes us miss trams, trains, boats; be late for meals, and generally makes life unbearable. It is so easv to lose this tiny five minutes, just a few extra, looks in the glass, another pat or two to the tie, a little fidgetting over the set of a coat, an extra touzle to the curly hair, a few minutes' reading, or idle ness, and— it saps the Joy of Hfe! It's a grand possession, truly, to own a few spare minutes to the good, in the bank, as it were, for they can be discounted as smiles, neat looks, ease, pleasure, and yet so very few people ever own such a thing. I used to make- a point of banking minutes once, and found them a continual joy; but the first day you allow yourself to get rushed your overdraft gets so big that you take weeks to meet it, let alone overcome it. Do you know the people who say, when you meet them, 'Oh, my dear, I haven't a minute; I'm all of a rush; I can't stop, really; I have to meet Jim, and I wanted to talk to you so much; but really and truly I must be off; I'm so hot, and I've heaps to do. Good-bye, dear, I'm off; so sorry to have seen so little of you. I never have a minute. I've so much to ? ' Here they go off, after keeping their excuses up for half an hour! There's another person who keeps you against your will. He or she puts a hand on your shoulder, and talks all the time like this: 'So glad to' see you. I've got nothing to do, and we'll have a talk. Busy! No you must stop; I haven't Been you for ages; and I've all the gossip. of the city to tell you; don't go; no, cpme on, I won't let you; you 'ought to be glad to see me; everyone says I'm so entertaining; you look tired: I'll cheer you up; -anti ? ' So they go on until you could throw them under an electric tram. There are some beautiful natures that always have time to spare for other people, who really need it; and every moment so wasted is a pre cious gift; but the person who gives time that belongs to other people, or work, Is one to be kept far away. Everyone is in too much of a hurry these days; they waste lots of time, by spilling it over; but It gives them no pleasure, only regret; if people would recognise that rest is a virtue, it would be good. I think animals know how to rest glo riously; see how a dog stretches himself in the Spring sunshine; how still he lies, as if each hair was drinking in the light and warmth; occa sionally he turns and .yawns, stretching his legs out luxuriously. I think a cat is the best loafer I know,^as she lies in the sun, after breakfast, with her paws curled round her half-shut eyes, her body lying in the easiest ot curves; and an absolute disregard for anyone or anything. I'd like to be a cat when I want to rest; they under stand it so well. It seems to me we always rest prepared to jump up at any moment, for we are so used to being 'wanted,' that it never strikes us that we can be spared. I used to be like that and got worn to a shadow; but since* I've been studying the art of wasting time, at seasonable hours, I've grown quite placid and fat; not exactly a pumpkin, you know. We ought to have a class for this art, 'Where the rudi ments could be taught, and In the end we should find that people had truly learnt to save time. Some folks do nothing else but kill time but of course this is a miserable life; It is very arduous and tiring, and requires a person of great strength and means. I never met one of this class who knew anything about joy. Killing time is a term used by those who are too much like vegetables in temperament to enjoy anything; but I've met some of them that looked bright and young and pretty — but so do lettuces, radishes, and peas. I think some kinds of fancy work make ladies waste a lot of time; they get a pretty bit of mate rial, draw threads out of it here and there, knot them up again, cut it, sew it up again, work im possible flowers layer after -layer, and screw it into some loose knots, and say: 'I put seventeen weeks' spare hours into that; isn't it lovely?' Sometimes I have seen exquisite work done on these lines; just like a picture, but it Is so rare that it is not worth considering. Woolwork is another waste time product that is still done, and Eeems to be increasing; but did you ever see any use in it? Stitch in, stitch.out and you get a square cat, a beaded church, a china dog, in colors that stab. All our games are ways of wasting time really and very fine ways too at times. Fancy going out on broiling days to play tepnis, or cricket, or football, or golf, and playing to time too! Surely this is hard work if ever there was any in the world. I have often lounged under a shady tree and watched a match on a sultry afternoon* but 1 could not see that anyone really found much joy in it until it was all over, and they threw them selves on the grass, after a drink, and chewed ten der grass ends, while they tilted their caps over their eyes and smoked, chatting intermittently— this was enjoyment. Going to a show or sports' are supposed to be ways of wasting time for visi tors, but preserve me from such wasted moments I think one delightful way of -wasting time is to have a whole afternoon's turning over your per fsonal property. How every little token has Its own history of past happy hours; how nice it is to see niches changed, and how pleasant to feel there Is no hurry. You can sit as long as you like with a rehc in your hand thinking; you can alter a place a hundred times; and, if you like, you needn't do anything tout dream amongst your household gods, unhastened by any calls to duty! . Perhaps an afternoon in a charming garden is one of the most delicious of lazinesses. You can take a rake or hoe, and do a little work on the* warm, sweet soil, with the bosky green trees over head, and the fragrant flowers around, all nodding sleepily in the afternoon summer air. You tie up a heavy-headed flower Siere, loosen a budding shrub there, hoe a little round the scented verbena, rake among the roses, rich and sweet, and then sit down in a big chair with 'book and pipe and refreshing drink, and laze' till the sun sets on one of the days when you have been most pleased with yourself and others. '; Of course sailing and boating are waste of time, but what a glorious wasting, when every moment lost gives us back hours of happy me mories and health; one hour on a breezy after noon on the harbor, and every cobweb -is blown from our brains, and -we realise we are free from every care, as we fly over the white- tipped wave lets. In -busy hours of dusty city life we remem ber, with a swirl of memory like a dashing wave the joy of it, and it refreshes us for hours! ' The pleasure of rowing on peaceful streams when the early sun peeps over the hflls shyly, or at night when the moonlight dreams on the water, can this be anything but right?— yet it's wasting time! Ah, the memory of moonlit nights, and early morns and sunset trips, out boating, how it lives and thrills like the .light imprisoned in a vein of opal in brown rock. One hour wasted to gather memories Ahat make life a thing worth living. Is it waste of time to spend it in such fashion that it returns large interest? According to our business men, nothing is waste of time that brings in a big return; so, logically, I am right. '7 There is a certain indolence that makes us 'waste hours unprofitably, and break appointments without number; but this is not included in this art we have spoken of. . It is a criminal thing, and should be put down with a firm hand, or the person becomes a nuisance that ought to be pro hibited by law from' encumbering the earth. I don't mind telling you in confidence that I sometimes do these things, so that I speak with authority, and remorse, too. Half an hour at lunch hour wasted in the Gar dens* will give you a lasting pleasure. Ton might spend it in the- streets chatting to girls, smdtdng, drinking, chatting to boys, gosslpping; but it will only be a passing excitement and empty half hour afterwards. Some folks read a lot of novels to pas* time away; but this palls T»ry soon, and U like eating «aw4tttt. Soon peotft work away at snne hobby until they arejquite worn out ana nervous; others keep on tae go all the time; others argue vnry moment; some play plaaoa; white a few study and get smatterings of '^earn- ing. I love to waste time lying under fruit trees in blossom, where every zephyr sUtb the petals, and they fall Jn white or pink showers over me. I 'look up to the blue sky through in terlaced branches, with the tiny, tender green leaves, and from behind* clusters of .Dink-tipped buds peep little, bright-eyed birds, who twitter and chirp so sociably. This is living, indeed. All the beauty of it sinks Into every pore ot me, and for days after I feel as though spring was eter nal. ' I think another' joy is to sit upon the elastic, swaying branches - -of trees when the breeze rocks you to and fro, and the sun shines in varied lacework patterns through the dancing leaves; or to He by a still pool where the reflections gleam still and lovely in the dark depths, and the tiny butterflies and other things akin fly to and fro, just skimming the water; or to dream under the trees where light falls in long shafts of gold through the spaces, with vistas of clean-limbed trees fading into grey afar. Perhaps more beautiful then all Is the beauty of the sea, when the grand waves tumble on the beach and you stand spray-drenched, yet buoy antly happy; or, better still, plunge in and let them roll you over, pick you up, pat you on the head, and throw you down with a laughing roar. Ah! Is it waste of time? Is it a lost hour to go out in the 6torzn to listen to the thunder of the gale, to see the black clouds swirl to and fro, to breast the hurricane unabashed, with head erect, chest thrown out, and steady tread? It is a victory that makes you feel you are a man, indeed. Can it be waste of time that makes life a thrilling, joyous reality? A great deal of painting is waste of time, truly — waste of precious jewels that might have been put to greater uses, instead of being blurred by being used to make awful daubs, like animat ed nightmares. Some pictures create a halo for every minute_given to them, and that is why the glory «of the picture never departs. ? So is it with music The bad music is a cruci fixion of the minutes — all agony and tears ? for eternity. Other music sounds as if every minute was a lost chord found, a harmony for ever. The amount of killed time music, art, and literature are responsible for is enormous, the hours, if they all cried out in their mutilation, would knock all the walls of the houses 'in all the cities down at once, if all heard it together. Waste of time in writing is very common, as everyone thinks they can write and edit papers. Allow me to tell you that most writing is sheer waste of time for any purpose; but If it takes a pain out of your heart, trouble off your mind, or ameliorates any position, by all means write it out; it hurts no one as long as it does not get into print. Standing at street ? corners, expectorating and smoking, and drinking is another way to spend an hour, but it usually has bad results, and I do not recommend it in any way; but this class, as a rule, does nothing else — that is why they work so hard at it. Spending evenings- at neighbors' houses is a pleasant way of using a spare hour sometimes; but if there is too much entertainment it becomes a bore, and means hard work. I think a few words over the garden fence after tea ana over a pipe are far nicer, truly. Time may be wasted extensively over cards, and drink, and other kinds of sprees, but it is like filling a basket with water, very unsatisfactory, in deed. Some folks don't seem to mind, they think that the water running out is amusing; but that is only when they're young. Dress wastes a frightful lot. of time. Some people think of nothing else, and the consequence is they bear the palm as fashion plates. But often the girl who looks the simplest is the one who spends hours doing it. A white muslin frock, ot angelic simplicity, can take weeks to think out and make. I know all about this, but no man does. Most time wasted on dress is ut terly gone, and the result is only pain; but a little time so given is an admirable thing, and pays 100 per cent, return. Men never waste time on dress, so I say nothing about them; at- least, they -all say so. Yet, I fancy I have seen a man twist his moustache at the glass in a shop window, or hiteff his waist coat down, or straighten his tie at a passing mirror! There are hours wasted at clubs; but everyone knows that men only go to clubs to meet intel ligent people and discuss current topics, and — and ? Oh, you know, enjoy all the privileges of club life, I know some women who belong to clubs, but they seem to drink tea, ,eat cakes, chatter, and amuse themselves — so different you know! Fishing is a pleasing way of wasting time, I think. Often you take some lines and an empty basket; you return with the same; you sit by the waterside watching the fish nibble; every time you go to sleep they bite; at last, after hours of plea sant idling, you draw up your lines and say, 'I've done a good day's sport. Do you know, there is a weird joy about wast ing the golden moments which ought to be given to some duty; you lazily watch them slipping away, knowing that the last may go, and your work be undone for ever. But there is a fanoina tion that prevents you getting up; it is like break ing chains to rise up. Oh, the pity of it when you waste hours like this, that ought to have been used to bring in great profits, instead of only a half -effaced memory of sleepy yawns, an easy chair, and smoke wreaths. ^ When you lie awake in the night, and think, and think, of things that keep slipping away as soon as they form, you are really wasting time against your will. Did you ever try to get up and do something tangible? You can't; the sleep shackles are fast on every limb and muscle, while tha brain is free. This is a wretched waste of time, and the brain should be reminded that the rest of the body 4s asleep, -and it mustn't make a noise. Cycling is another way to spend time, but I must say It is very like hard work. Surely an hour of waste minutes spent on a bicycle must Seem like a work-day of twenty-four hours. This whirling creature of spikes and nerves is always in a hurry, and when it is at rest it makes me tired to look -at Its weary attitudes! Trains don't waste much time themselves, but the engine keeps all the bustle to itself, and the carriages trail along easily enough. I like to waste a few hours in a train. You sit still, listen ing to the song of the wheels, droning and whirr ing, and th? scenery flies by In continual variety, the only drawback being the stations where the jolts wake you up too much, and disturbances come on. More than a day of this* becomes mo notonous, and you begin -to feel as hard worked as the engine. Driving behind fat, well-conditioned horses In a well- cushioned carriage, is a luxurious way to waste minutes, but only having done so once in my life, I cannot say much, but it feels as if you never wanted to do anything again. J'm not sur prised that the pugs and poodles get so fat and lazy. I think real idling is delightful— to have money, yet not to know exactly where you are going to stop, or what you are going to do, to drift along a pretty country road, and lie down under the trees at noon; to see night falling and yet know not whether your hostel Is near or far; this— this is a royal spendthrifting that I love Time! What is it? Whence is it? Whither goeth it? We talk much of it every day we spend it; we cannot save it; and yet it gives us everything. Let us, my friend, learn the rentle art of wasting It well. 