'BOONDiS BUDQET ^ ~^T(g\ fo^ TIiE 5M0KER00M. ^piIR Breolong blacKs; have dono some thinuraore thair murder helpless, in offensive women and children, and showing up tho inefficiency of -tlao police to deal with desperadoes who know their way about tho lanrrlod tracks of the Austr.ili.aa bush. They ?have roycalcd tho awful moiiotouy ami insecurity of lifo out back,- and- shown up one reason why people v.'ill per sist in- crowding into our,: already- over crowded cities. 'Co on tho land, young man'' has long been the advica of men in ?authority horo, as thoy lolled back' in their easy chairs, pulling fancy brand clgan-, sur rounding their gold-top 'fizz,' and- having a good easy tlmo in general, and' it would bo vory good advice, too, if tho land was fixed :so, that it';would yield tho. young man a ^decent livelihood;, and a fair amount ol jjlcasuro to gladden his sparo time hull ''pro- ven t him . from drifting into . inolancholla. As.'mattors- stand '.to-day, -the; phrase/ 'burled in tho bush' co.ir bo' applied to many young lives with painful truth, for thero' Is nothing : to lighten- ?their labors except the 'shanty,', and that not only lightens _ their purse. ..as well, but - soon makes their ? lot -all i tho heavlor to boar. Tlie Ijusli is a.vciy good place to keep awayfrom— and yet it is: a very good bush; in fact, parts of it could cosily be turned Into a perfect arcadla. Ijooklng over aorao Melbourne papers (un fortunately so, rautllaled that I cannot give credit whero credit is duo),:I camo across bomo sketchra of bush life which back up ?with sadly' tolling force' the above mourn ful musings. The dreary, weary lifo ot the poor 'cocky' is well illustrated by one -Bhort ''story.': An 'olfl-tlraer' tells of a day ! wiicu, travelling with .1 few 'fats,' his party pitched camp in a snug, grassy hol low. 'Presently. a horseman camo galloping towards us. 'Confound- him,' t-alrt my mate: 'Ihdpo ho isn't going to shift us.' The horseman galloped. on* till within halt a dozen- yards of -ur lira;. 'toon 'flung him self Jo the ground, and squatted beside us. Pulling a' spotted handkerchief 'out, ho mopped' his face, and said: 'Corao t'.. havo a pitch; how's the war ?' Ho was living with .his wife near by, and had heard .no news for -two- weeks. My mate enquired about a family that used to live there. 'Oli, they've shifted to tho other side of the .riiu. ' i- think they; wanted to bo' near tho post.' 'How far aro they from 'the post now ?' I ventured. 'Oh, only five miles or A mero trifle — 'just over there,' of course — and I'd lay odds as long as aclothes-lino 'that Mr. Cocky would tramp- ten' miles to I 'catch a.- horse to ridothe flvei'ratlior'.'than joggle along on thai bturdy, Health ?giving old steed, 'Shank'h Pony.' ' ? ' The- '.pick of the basket,'- however,- ii) tho ifalo'1 told by an old driver disguised under the name of Campbell. He wns one of two who were taking drafts of fat cattlotb Bal larat. -Ohn,ni-rht thoy put. thu'stockTinio a paddock' v.Ithobt asking permission.' in tho night tho. cattle broke into ,a cultivation .paddocki. and. wreckcd:it;completcly.; . Tho drovers slept at an hotel; oomo distance away. Early in iho morning,. when Camp bell came- to let the cattle out-.- he was-raet hy the owner of iho crop, who 'claimed ctainagt'., and refused to lot tho catllo go till paid. Campbell tried persuasion in vain, and then said, 'I've got 'no money on mo. Lot mo lake halt the mob Into Ballu rat, and.Hcll tbom, and I'll: como back and pay you, and get the others out.'1 Ths paddock-owner accepted thin as a fair offer, and Campbell drafted out his own cattle, leaving his mate's as security. When tho mato appeared ho had to pay the wholn of the d.-unaRo beforo ho could got n. bp.ist away. On another occasion Campbell had a mob of restive steers, and being unable to get a puddock, ho and his mato took turns to watch them. In tho middlo ot the night the mate was sitting on a log dozing by tho fire, anil' holding tho bridle pf.'liis horse. Campbell was ln the waggon, supposed to be asleep. Pooping out, ho noticed tho watcher. nodding, and threw a boot. of. the horse's head. Tho horso made a bound backward, drag-tin-; the half- rtaxctT man through the fire beforo ho lot go tho reins. While (lio niiito was away catching his iiorso, Cnmpboll recovered tbo lioot, and i:i iho morning be hnfl to. listen to quito a stock o.t hair-raising speculations, in which tho ghosts of murdered nuslimoh played prominent. Darts, as to Ihu cause of -the horse's sudden start. Rlfhf here I may draw attention io n par. in that hichly respectable publication, whlrh conlnins sonio infoi-matlon on tho mailer of snoop droving that will mnl-r; most 'of- our shecn-Iirppdors sit up and rrnpn with what poor old Davy Buchanan itai-d io cnll 'a Ronrn'rlsc Oiat bor-r-durs upon r-nn- Blurnnsbuu.' The writer snys: — 'Tiio. object ot the journey v--nR to t-ik« 250 ]irl-.:e rnms from Frpmnntln to 'Cooktown.' Those animals aro oo valuable (many of thorn costing iii'.OO each) that tho owners will not risk loss or injury to them, hy any other mode of transit. A number of , natives were to accompany us to act as ser vants, and as tho native will not travel without his v.-lfo.nor the wire 'without hoc .baby,' this ..mixed detachment ? numbered , some -SO pprtons. Tho waggon contained .1 'keg ol rum' aud a barrel of water, i both I under look nnd key. Every, day, I had to go ' {through tha 'roll-call' to ascertain if any, ' ofvtho animals had strayed,' and, II so. tracking and recovering them.' Tho idea of 'Calling upon tho 'jumbucks',' to fall into line and answer, to. their names every day, 1 is decidedly a novel one, and thowholo yarn, suggests that the writer may not bu wholly unconnected with tho highly inven tive parties who now supply our dallies with 'reliable' news from China. Now that 'West Australia lias sensibly), decided io.kccp.!ite!- wish her sisters in tho , glorious, march of progress, it behoves us{tu keep a watchful eye upon her doings,- as she Is ?very young. Judging Ironi what tr havo road ln some of her papers,' sho. haa a tendency to bo skittish also.. Here, for esample ia a really shocking statement to the 'effect -that during tho. taking of' tha. -eohsus. in thu..KaIgooiiie. and 'Boulder. ilis- .?triots.'.tho nollco engagod';in that brain -n wearying job stumbled across some lino full-flavored examples of tho giddlsomencss ? of goldiiclds society as a whole. The know ledge that a false statement might spell - trouble was the cause in many instances or.' Use truth being handed out in all its. un blushing modesty, and uioro especially! whan, tho parties concerned .were' assured oC. tho non- publication of names and details. In one case, a lady living in a oucroomeit rdmp, admitted .she had a . 'gentleman, ' lodger,': who- was 'protecting' her diirins the absence of her husband in tho East. At another dovecote a languid male, who h:id '.evidently read uj- tho ' Boer-Brltlsnj ' quarrel, announced that he wasn't exactly;^ married to the female portion of tho firm, but reckoned that, ho held ovor her what ho. called 'certain -.uFinann (su/eralu) rlght3.'- That. was good enough for him. . And appa rently, this free-and-easy arrangement was!' not .wholly'', distasteful to 'Susin Ann'-, cither. . j, Another very painful par. tells of a Boul der land agent who was being interviewed; ro the lotting of a camp which-he liad been, advertising. When the locality and rent: had been, mentioned, tho agent intimated that the camp would do with a ilttlo bit o« repairing, as it had boon knocked ahout by, tho last tenant. 'Won't tho landlord do all , 'that?' asked -the prospective icnant. 'No,' t.a(d .the asor,t; 'und what's moro, you'll havo to provide a- tank and a stove/' .??. '13 . tho place lined ?.' tho othor qunriod. 'Well, no,' replied tho agent: 'I'm afraid it Isn't.' . ? 'In tho name of goodness,' the customer demanded, 'what, is there to recommeii'l- ? , ' it?' 'Well.' replied tho a-;er.t in a eon- ' fldeniial whisper, 'there's a jolly Hno-look- . ' ing woman --living next door!' And' cer- ? tainly \?bcn a woman like that is so 'con- . v.-raiantly adjaoint.'.'. v,hy_lhp jioisibilitlnn - am as largo as they aio pleasing — pro- vided thero docs not happen to be\i Duo largo man living next door' as well. War3 and rumors of wnr3 still affrlgiii tho : world,1, and unfortunately somb of us can find enough troublo nt home without rushing off to belt the Boors or pull 'thu plg-tollcd pagans into their proper places. A young man by tho namo of Gubbius Is decidedly of . that opinion at any rate, for it Is -related that ho recently called at thu residence of tome very at'ractivo young ladies with .1 view to -iscertalninf; if tlioro was a ?vacancy iu tho shape of a con-iu- law position that hn could fill. By way of dis couraging pedlars, tramps, and tiio like, .1 most Intricate fastening ii placed o-i Him front f-.-.tc of tliia al.ode of beauty, but Jlr. Gubblns mastered tho puz/.lo nt last, .iml v/as striding 'bravely 'to iho frontdoor w-hci ho was rui-hpd by a dog, which, ho i.tlll maintains, was us big ass a calf, anil ns fprocious-lookiiiE as a m:yor-gcnaral at an Easter encampment loview. To attempt to open, the' gate with ths complicated loclc would havo been madness, so tho unfor tunate man, who:-o troublo wjs hoighteuc.I liy tho fact that ho had his very best and unp.tld-for suit ot clothes on, doubled upon the dog, and away iho pair Mont, scoo-ln-; round and lound the house at ciuinIighr nlng speed; poor Gubbins being barely ablo to do more thaii keep in tront of -he snap ping jaws of tho dreadful dog. His coaf. tails streamed out til! they formed a sort of. .iwu:ng over tho dos'c head; and a= Jtr. Gubbius carrlod Ills hat in his ' hand for safety, hin hair stood on end, his eyna stuck out like pri.w gooscborrics at a. show and the perspiration r.m .ilong tho track: in streams. Al.iimcd by the continued ru-rhing noi.-e, tho inn-atc-; oi Uw housi- apnncd thn front door Jint at the rlglu mn mont to allow tho unlucky p,.illcr to dart in and sink- in a pan Un-: heap on tho 'flrM chair ho camo to. Then iho young Udv ot Ills choice approached and a-d:od la an amused way: '.'Was that absurd dog 'chasing' yon, 'il'r. Cubblns ?' 'Oh, dear no !' re plied sho t-n.-,j)iinr your;- man, with imp irony or tho editing circumstances; ''Uib dog wasn't chacin;; me ar. all. I war, im-iv- ly passlnf; U10 iimo away while 1 wnitod l'oi Lomcono In open the door, rlnnchcrkuov..' Tho old' man is n bit. of 11 fisherman hirii fccir. and consequently thinks Mr. Gubbinj 'will do.' Tho nbovo recalls another wnr item-wbicty tells ot n captain who. whllo hjmplin-; 11 cerium r-mtin^pnt. nakeil .1 buddlnr; m.ijor -reneral: 'Wl-pn von nro on the- skirmish lino and ?.uddenly pwoumpi' tho rnpluj . what would you ilo .'' 'Kail flat !' h:;iil tho n-ff chum. 'And v.-liat ne.\t ?' usUeil tho olllcer.: 'Stay ihero !' was the prompt leply. And !-urc enoui-h ho has ffnyefl. iboro ovor sime. A boiler i.toi-y still w liisl. conpctning .1 Ynul- pc '-crccant who. during t!io Manila mudillu, wns hauled 1111 before I1I3 colonol and asked to account frir ? his six or seven hour.i' nbsoncc. 'Weil sir,' explained tho culprit, 'I was away ohtisin' a darned I-'ilipino rebel for about ail hour.' 'Good,' returned the othor; '?but. what about thn six other hours.' 'Oh' the darned Filipino and his friends wcro all that time chasin' me,' find tlu- cer Kcant, nnd then the court adjourned for drinks. In tho matter of handling tho 'lung-bow' the cricketer 'iin't in It' by the suln of tho CtMirrninn, of Lournc, but here aro a couplo o1 shut!,' that must count as vory pass able Indeed. Krom a Homo source \,i learn that W. O. U\nw lm-i put it ou record tl'.ai ho has repeatedly s,ron two runs niadi. wbil-.r fieldsmen witp Mailing to catch 11 ball that bad risen high. In the air. but be yond this, at Scarborough, in 3 SSI Mr. Forbes, 0 member of tho Yorkshire team, at ruck a ball so high in the nlr Unit thii batsman' ran out ' thrco 'runs' before ,-i fieldsman causlir II. Ponnor, tho Austra lian 'slo-sBcr,' lolhi of two records of this kind, and firmly believes that under cer tain conditions! tho ball ncis as a sort oC parachute. Shrrwin. thr I.ue Notts vlpkcl keepor, drcliiren that on ono occrision, wbilsi: waiting for 11 catch from a mls nlrokc, by Ulyctt, hu repeated all the lcs soiik ho ovor le'nrnl. at school whilst llio halt v.-rs hiRh Iu tho nlr; and Mi-. Nowham. of fiusHcx, tells of an aerial flight catch when hu was enabled to look quite calmly limuil iunongst tho spectators whilst waiting for the ball to come down. ? ? - - 