OUR POLLY. a can remember, as clearly as If it were yesterday, when the little waif first came to us, and what an odd looking mite of a tiling she was. It was near the close of a balmy day in June. I was seated on the piazza with Freddic.our youngest pet, plnyingat my feet, when, looking down across the meadows, I saw a bluo gingham sun-bonnet bobbing up aod down in the long grass. As it emerged from the field into the path that- , led through the garden into the house I saw that the wearer of it was a mere child, though dressed in so old a way as to look like a little woman. The email face was nearly lost in the big suo-bonnct, whose capo fell nearly io her waiBtjWhile the skirt of the scant calico dress touched her heels. A three-corn crcd ker chief, folded demurely across tho bosom completed the quaint costume. She made no pause to her smooth, gliding motions until the 6tood dircrtly in front of mc. Then dropping a little courtesy, which brought the hem of ber dress down to the floor, she said, in a small, piping voice : 41 Please, mem, I'm Polly Burton. It's rained bo much this week that mam couldn't git all my tlringB dried; she'll 6etid Tom with the rest of 'cm Saturday.' I gazed at the speaker in astonishment and dismay. John hod spoken about getting me a little girl to take care of Freddie and run errands, but what could lie be thinking of to send n mere baby like this ? " How do you do, Polly ?" I Raid, kindly. " I'm afraid you are too small to suit- my purpose. Tako off your bonnet and let mc see how you look." Polly obeyed, revealing a face quite as odd-looking as the rest of her. The flaxen hair was drawn tightly back and twisted in a little bob at the back of the head, making the features look smaller, in which was the old look so often seen in the faces of tho children of the poor. The round blue eyes looked fearlessly into mine, and there was something pleasing about the whole face, though it was far from a pretty one. " What can you do?" " Heaps," was the confident reply, " I can wash dishes, sweep, scour knives, run errands, and take care of baby." I smiled as Polly ran glibly over ber list of accomplishments. 41 How old are you?" " 'Lcven." 41 You arc Email for your age." II Ycfi'm; I don't get time to grow." Ab I looked at the small bands, brown and hardened with toil, aod the slight shoulders that were beginning to stoop with the un timely burthens they had borne, I felt that there was a good deal of truth in thoBe quaintlv-spokcn words. " You con stay to-night, at all events,"! eaid, 44 1 will talk with the doctor when ho comes home and sec what he savs." Ten minutes later Polly was seated on the steps of the piazza munching a thick slice of bread and butter with evident satisfac tion, her bright eyes glancing about in cvciy direction. 44 Have you a mother. Polly?" "Sort o', and Fort o' not, She ain't my own ma; my own ma ifi dead." " Is your father, dead, loo?" 41 No, muni; he's skipped." " He's done what?" I said, looking at- the small face in amazement, and thinking that I must hove misunderstood her. 44 He's skipped— run off." explained Polly, io condescending pity at my ignorance. When John came home I expressed ray doubts in regard to the new investment he had made for niy benefit, declaring that it was likely to give mc the care of two babies instead of one. " Not at all, my dear," responded that in dividual, as he took a cup of lea from my band. 44 Polly is no baby. She's done more work during tbe eleven years of her life than most women at twenty. I attfiidcd the children when they had tho mcari.'s- there's nine of 'cm— and I never saw such a patient, willing, industrious little body in my life. " But there are the children to think of," 1 said; "and her language is so queer. She spoke about her father having skipped." 44 Did she?" laughed John. She's a comical little thing, but there's nothing had ahouL her. She hae picked up these expressions, you sec. By the time the children arc old enough to be harmed anyway, you will have remedied all that. I daresay." This was the way that 44 our Polly " be came domiciled with Johu and mc. "With her hair neatly braided and her dresses shortened, and made otherwise more suitable for her years my little handmaiden presented quite another appearance, but gjie still re tained the quaint speech and old- fariuoncd womanly ways that contrasted eo oddly with the clrild-facc and form. Put to work as food s6 she could run alone, she had known no childhood. She alluded to those of her own age as 4 the children" never classing herself among them, speaking about what she ueed to do 41 when sho was little," ae though that time was far away in tbe dim pact. Take it all in all, Polly was quite a char acter, and amused and interested a good deal. She was quite a help to mc too, especially in the care of Jennie and Freddie, who got to be very fond of her. She was as honest as the sun, and I never knew her to take tbe least thing without asking for it. One day ehe ran into the house, saying: 44 There's a hungry man at the gate. Can't I give him eomc of the cold bread and meat out of tbe pantry?" I assented, without thinking much about it. The next day she came to mc with the same request. Going to the window.l looked down to the gate wkerco stout heavily beard ed man was standing, attired in a slouched hat and a coat very much the worse for wear. He was looking eagerly op to the house, but turned his head quickly away when he saw me. "No, Polly," I said; 14 this is a strong, able-bodied man; and it's wrong to encourage the idleness that IcadB to crime by feeding Buch." At thi6 Polly hung her head saying: 44 Ho says be haro'L had nothin' to cat to day, ma'am. Can't I give him my supper ? I shan't need it. ' I saw that Polly was far from understand ing my motive, but touched by this unselfish offer, and not Bony for an excuse for yield ing, I said: 44 You can give him the cold meat from dinner, Polly, but don't let it happen again." Polly would eat no supper that night; and thinking that her ideas were rather confused nn t he subject, I took some pains to explain t o her the moral phase of the tramp question, us I understood it She listened attentively, Iter big blue eyes fixed on my face with a solemn, unwinking stare, making no direct reply. u Was you ever hungry, ma'am?" Accustomed as I was to Polly's peculiar ities in this respect, I was considerably startled by such on odd unexpected query. 44 Yes; and I expect to be again to-morrow morning, just about breakfast time." 44 1 don't mean that kind of hungry; but wlmre there's no breakfast or dinner or 'upper, ur not much of any ? " 44 No, child," I eaid, in quite another tone; 4 I've nrvcr known anything about ihutkind ut hunger, and I hupeyou haven't." '4 1 was always hungry. Mam did the best she could, but it takos a good deal to go round whcro there's nino children." 44 That proves the truth of what I was say ing," I replied, anxious to enforce my text. 44 If your father had worked too, as every man ought lliot is able, you would have had plenty to cat and to wear. " He's a had man; but— but he's ray father. Tho unconscious rebuke in those words mode me turn my eyes on the child face, so unclrild-likc in expression; but sho was not looking at mc.and evidently not thinking of mc at all. After this I noticed a change in Polly She lost her appetite and the colour that was beginning to come iuto her checks. But she never complained, declaring ehc felt quite well when i qnestioned her. She grew so pale and thin tliat at Inst I spoke to John about it, who sccincd puzzled to account lor it. " Sho must bo one of the thin kind," lie said; 44 there certainly is nothing the matter with her." The following week John and I made arrangements to spend a couple of days at my brother's who lived in an adjoining town. Wo were intending to take Polly with us, but the carriage was crowded, and she begged bo hard to be left at home that wc finally decided to do eo. Sho was so thoughtful and trustworthy that I had no fears in leaving her, it being ooly two minutes walk to the nearest house, and the neighbourhood being a very quiet one. On accountof the scarlet fever being in my brothor's family, which neither of tbo children bad had, wo stopped overnight at an acquaintance's, returning the next day. When we reached home wc fouml the doors locked and the windows darkened, and not a sign of life anywhere around. Considerably surprised at this it being near the middle of the day, wo rang and knocked until pretty w ell convinced that there was no one within to hear us. Then we went down towards the gate, being met by Air. Brown, ; our nearest neighbour, who had Been us go by, and who told us that Polly had left the key of the house with his wife last night saying that she had to go away. I thought a little straoge of this, but sup posed tbe child had got lonely and gone to her stepmother's, who lived about two miles distant. On entering the house we found every available point barricaded below, as if in expectation of a siege. Agaiost the back door a heavy bureau was drawn, on which chairs were piled. John and I laughed at Polly's extraor dinary efforts to mako everything secure. Our next discovery was not so pleasant; every bit of silver bad vanished, not even a spoon was left. The discovery' tliat followed was more startling still. On going outside John saw the figure of a man suspended from the sill of one of the back windows. Communi cating his discovery to Mrs. Brown, who was sitting on the frovit porch, the two men wont upstairs, and I followed slowly, and with beating heart. As I looked into the room I saw the head of a man just inside of the uyndow, the heavy sash of which was resting on liia neck. He was not only quite dead, but Oieic was every indication that life had been extinct for several hours. He had evi dently died from 6trangulaLion — llic features blackened and swollen nearly out of all semblance of humanity, presenting a terrible spectacle on which I never want to look again. The ehed, which ran beneath it, showed how he had reached the window, and tho position in which he was found how he had met his terrible fate. But as it was dearly apparent, that lie was killed in the act of en tering, the disappearance of the silver re mained a mystery. John lost no time in notifying the author ities; and the news, spreading like wild-fire, for several hours the house was thronged by an excited crowd, most of them drawn ; thither by curiosity. By no one was tbo bodv recognised; in fact, it would have been difficult to do so by the face, so distorted was it. Two or three had seen a mau of similar build and appearance hanging nlmut the neighbourhood. As they mentioned this f rc. alled to inind the Lracup that Folly had fed, and whose fonn and dress strongly re sembled the deceased. l»ut the people had gone at last, to my grcnl jvliif. J stood at the window watching the lost one go down the Flops, 1 Mi a tenth upon my arm. On turning I saw Folly standing just back of me, aud looking in the dim twilight more like a ghost than a liviug child. " Win rc is lie, tbe mau tliat was killed V she said. John pointod to the door of the room where the body lay. "Without Faying another word 1'nlly opcDcd it and went in. After a mo ment's hesitation John and 1 followed. "With blanched checks and eyes dilated with horror, Polly stood there as rileot and motionless as the ghastly thing stretched out before her. John placed his hand on her Bhouldcr, saying, with a sternness that he regretted a moment later — Do yon know this man, Polly?" Polly lifted her eyes appealingly to mine. 44 It's my father," she gasped, sliding for ward to the floor. With a feeling of self-compunction that was clearly visible in his honest face, John took up the little limp form as if it had been a feather and laid it upon the bed in our own room. It was not a fainting fit— Polly was not given to such— but a sudden collapse of the mental and physical powers, that had been 6lrctched to their utmost tension. Polly was quite ill for a number of days, duringwliich the ghastly thing elie had called father had been buried out of sight, for her sake, as decently as circumstances would permit. She made allurioD to liirn, and John would not let me question her until she was strong enough to leave her bod. Before that lime the missing silver was found in as old chest in the attic, where she had hid it From what Folly told mc afterwards, I found that her father had acquainted her with his intention to rob the house, urging her to aid him by leaving the back door un locked, and threatening to kill her if she refused. <rI gave him my dioner and supper for a good many days," she said in conclusion, 44 but I couldn't do thai. I couldn't tell on him cither. He was a bad man, but he was my father." As I thought of this little creature stealing out into the darkness with the food that she had saved from her own needs, I was glad to know that this bad man was powerless to work her any further ill. Polly lived with John and me a number of years after this, and we became almost as much attached to her as to our own children. When she married Charles Conway, a thriv ing young carpenter, wc furnished the pretty cottage house Jie buiit as completely as if it had been for one of our own daughters. Con way makes one of the best of husband's, and I don't believe that there's a better house keeper or a happier little wife to-day than our Polly. In the war of the Crimea, with 1.460,500 IroopR, there were killed in battle 53,870; died of wounds, 66,600; died of disease 492,200. In tbe American war of 1861-5, in the Northern anny, there took the field 2,336,000 troops; there were killed in battle 44,240; there died of wounds 34,006; there died from disease 119,240. In the American-Spanish war there took the field 274,717 troops; there were killed in battle 293; tlicrc were wounded 1,577; there died from disease 2,619. In the American war of 1861-65 there died from camp disco;, diarrhoea, dyscntry, and cunip fevers 85,214. 