' CHATEAUX EI ESPAGNE. By E. VAHEIS", Autihor of "The Better Man," &c.; -: [Published by special arrangement with .author. All rights reserved.] PART H. "The path ascended in: one -long wma against the side of the rock, and as we climbed (higher w; began to feel aoreeze. This became, stronger, jMrs-. Arlington Eees could no longer hold up ;her parasol, and we all 'had to cling to our hats "With might and main. Then, the real difficulty of the ascent commenced ;the track "Was £teep ana nar row, and covered with loose pieces _ of stone that had a nasay knack of turning one's ankle if you did not take care! how, you placed your feet. "We struggled bravely on, Ailxngton-Eeea helping his wife and one of !tihe (Miss Ken nedys in front, but when we came to a shelving plateau of rock by the side of a little mountain lake (uncommon enough in these parts) w2s a unanimous c≪ for a halt. . "We cast ourselves down ;with audible pants in as unexposed positions as we could find; for the'wind was keen . at thas great altitude. When we got our breatha again pipes were lit, and tne talk. became general. We admired the magnificent view which, was of a severer type than we 'had been accustomed to of late-the vege- . taltion was sparser and of a hardiertgrowth, and there were even paiJches.of snow^hera.; and tihere on the mountain, side"; Far uuivm below, we could see t'he Hospice "that .? afforded r'oujxii aecomriiodation for £iavel< lers en route for Spain or Trance, as the case might be; above, us'the inouhtant-rose precipitously; from where we sat ib seemed impossible for anything to find. fooflscM on its rbcky front. .. "Soon the conversation drifted?"-U2to<nfore intimate channels. "We agreed a& to the thorough pleasure our travel , in each other's society had given, and. arranged for it to continue as long as possible. X askedi t'he Kennedys to visit us here in the autumn, which they half promised to do^, abbut the AlKngton' - Bees I was .not- BO sure-I knew they 'had! planned [going home for a month or Wo before the end of the year, however. I asked""tbeffl, and.jny "wife seconded the invitation. Mrs. Allingfcon - Eees accepted at -once;, ^ke 'had grown very fond of my wife, but 'her husband joked 'her irt hisgood-bumored way: - . » '. 'Now, Tina,' 'he said, yon wiH get yourself in a mess, my diar, ifryou go- on at this rate. This makes fche-third .irad-i tation for Sepfem!ber_ I have myself Jreard you accept-and ail in different parts of the globe." "'I don't care!' she returned stoutly, this is the only one I mean- to keep; X . want to see an old English home ait close quarters, and 'Mrs. Ohevenix is a dear!' "We laughed, and began to speak of English country houses and castles. Mrs. A'llington - Eees said she would, take plans of our home for tfhe purpose of reduplicat ing it in America, ana Kennedy an)d I told weird tales of family ghosts and. haunted, granges that only served to /heighten her interest in the proposed visit. We .went more carefully into the details of this, arranging innumerable excursions and pleasure parties, and generally talked our selves into the comfortable frame of mind1 that comes to people when they discuss a future to be spent in eacfh other's society. " "Why do you not settle down, in Eng land? 'I askVd the young people-'there is a EfctHe-pl'ace near uls that would just suit you. You do not seem so very alttached to your native land-trv ours for a Change; we sfhould :be delighted to have you as neighbors.' " 'What is it called?-is it pretty?-'how 'big 'is it?' asked Mis. AHington - Eees in a breath. . "I expatiated on the merits of The Cedars'-it was Soon afterwards in the market - and they both seemed very in terested. " 'We .have been birds of passiage for the last three years,' Slaid her husband, half laughing, half serious-'it is time we settled down, eh, Tina? Would you be happy in one pttace for long, I wonder, little one?'. "She was sitting by 'his side under the lee of a great 'boulder. I ss,w her slip her 'h'and through his aim and lean her face against his shoulder caressingly. IsFot without you, John,' she said softly, 'we should be happy together anyvKhere;' then to me, ''Shall we settle, it on our visit in the autumn?-would that be too late?' " 'Oh, no,' I reassured her, "but we shall regard i't as settled from now.' " TVe shall see!" nodding her head sagdy-'we shall see!' Suddenly ^he made a discovery. 'Why,' she said, 'if we had kept our talk about castles and things for a 'little higjher up, it would have been a literal case of 'Chateaux en Espagne!' "We all laughed again-somehow one'fell into the way of laughing at her remarks, and she got up, and said slhe would just .have a look to see if "the path were as bad as it -had 'been. "She came "back presently for one of the Miss Kennedys, saying she had something to show her. ? ? , " 'Me too!' said her husband lazily, but she only laughed and told him he wasn't wanted. " Here,' she said, giving him her para sol, 'take care of this-and remember, John/ impressively, *it as my very favorite one, and don't drop lighted matches all over it!' "The fluttering 'Skirts "disappeared round t'he corner of the rock, and we went on talking. "Presently Allington-Rees began to fid get. I affected hot to notice. " 'Dont let iis detain you,' I said politely at lengtih, for no one likes to air .one's views on matters political to perfectly in attentive hearers. " 'I think I'll just have a look to see. what those girls are up to,' ;he said, rising with alacrity; at that moment he dis covered his pipe'had gone out. He tried-to light it, 'but the wind had strengthened so, he was quite unable to. looking Tfcrund for some sort of shelter or screen 'his eye fell on the luckless parasol. : '"The very thing!' He picked it up and opened it gingerly, as is the manner of -man with matters feminine. He steadied it against the wind and kindled the tobacco, and just as he did so an extra strong grist swooped down and tore the light fabric of silk and wire from his grasp. "The wretched thing whirled -along the rocky platform-the ivory handle bumping all the way, and ABington-Eees follawf ing -speedily, a -l'oob of concern perfectly disproportionate to the nature of the-catas trophe <on his face; "It was- blown back wards and forwards; tihe wind seemed to come from all "points- at once; we laughed a't its erratic career and cheered -on 'tihe,' pursuer. Suddenly it -was carried outwards towards the edge-reached it,. 'balanced' fhere a minute, and- just when, his tohah phant grasp -was within an inch-fell over. "I heard-a 'Damn!' but the next moment, ?he stooped on "fche very edge and bent over, reaching downwards. '"Take care!' I shouted, scrambling up, "TThen a furious gust came, stronger Khan: any 'before, and bringing a shower of smail. pebbles arid gravel in its train. Some of this caught me sharply in the face-sting ing like 'hail and making my eyes water violently: I could not see for a time. "Suddenly I heard a Shriek in a curioua high-pitched key. I. opened my eyes with - an effort, and looked towards AHingtoif Eees Stooping-on the cliffs edg;e. "He was not there." The- Colonel paused, and Mrs. Ghemas got up-qnietly from her seat and passed to wards -the -house-nbr-dld any-of us fay-to stop iter: "The.nesrt thing I caji remeanber^is standi dng on the edge of tthalt awful gulf-fore 'mosfc-Jof. a little horror-stricken group caHrm£-madly; incoherently, at the utmost '.p&eh;>of'"irry lungs. "My voice was carried right away; it did 'not- even, reach ray own-ears. "Then-my -wife-polled me baci; and one of them-Miss Kennedy-fell on iter knees and McL&er; lace in her bands. "The wind swept her hat off, and her long, red-colored hair-'blew straight out. No one spoke; just over the edge the parasol lodged on a stunted pine- tree, aits handle bobbing derisively. "A -step sounded behind us-and a bright voice asked- '* " * Where's the lazy man?' "She came forward to the centre- of the group, holding some flowers carefully in her hiand; it was unusual to find -any so near snow-level. Her eyes fell on. the kneeling girl and passed quickly on to young Ken nedy and my wife-then she caught sight of .the thing in the tree, and then sh« turned and looked at me . . The colonel stopped again and went through the action of swallowing drily-once or twice. "That," foe said, slowly, "that is why I do not like blue eyes." He was wearing; ian old felt hat at th< time. He took it off and held it in hit hand, shiekMne^ somewhat the lower part of his face. The evening sunlight filtered through the leases above and rested on his uncovered,gray head and troubled eyes. We "waited pasfcienstly. "One thinks afterwards of things that could have been done in - moments ' of trouble or peril-things that "never occur red to one at the time. It is often a re« jrasiaeh, and. sorrow, ,to ius -;tihafc s act differently at-some critical moment in our Jives, . or in-other, people's. -On this one occasion I have no such reproach or .orrow to 'bear,' thank God. It was all over so suddenly-it toot less'time. than it .takes-'to tell it- there was no undue tar diness on our part to hold in fault-how could there 'have been when ." 'He broke off again; again "we waited silently. "Whenever I see blue eyes,. others with hope, joy,' life iteelf -wiped out of them come 'before me; I see too a rocky back ground, a kneeling girl; and feel the dash of the -wind on my face, and the thrill of awed terror that robbed us .'of- speech and movement for so many precious, precious moments." ' He sighed heavily. "Where was I?-ah, I remember! ' ."There, was >a'silence-if one can call it *80 with, the wind through the pines mak ing a noise like the rushing of .a dozen cataracts-then-then, her head drooped forward a little. 'John!' I heardher say eo-ftly. Someone-it was young Kennedy, gave a sort of breathless gob, simultaneous ay I felt rather than saw my -wife move towards her^too -late!-for with a quick little- rush and outstretched hands full of flowers;she had- come to sho-w him, she iiad followed. 