miscellaneous. ,,5.;".J"' ;'°t,>'>' but on. «» existence, but < sold some years aKo fetched £760. A S0sr.°m Cbar,eS 1,3 SCaffo^.B0ld fot ^ Stratf°rd,on«Avon celebrated the relief of th/To£ nby,8IrBhiDS tbe windowa .i5 ps "tld houses belonging to sympathisers with the Boers, if Corn" them? la'tS US6d tar and feathers on behbgml^f30!1! Mhlt' "cavations are eiug made for the erection of a new die department. The Mint stands on the site of Eastminister Abbey, whioh for size rivalled that of Westminster. Cing cove™daVaH0n9 U h["ua" skull was dfc® covered under one of the floors b..cKre^ S1St.e™ P^ented their respective twins within four hours There w f' at Me?dl,a,u- New Jersey! pair of gfr]., PB". of ^ boj. and one The ghost of a «• White Lady," who is nor Jd t011^ thp, Cast'« of Berlin, is re ported to have been seen lately. Her appearance,_ according to the legend theeRot°Sl w ° deatb of member of ' ® House. The story came to the bbn Ka,8e£ who summoned before nun the young officer who was one of the as to tlmT'l >Hu read^ with ""Swers as to the lady's height and dress. '• Was she carrying anything ? " asked the ™ !urV i ^eS; 111 ker right band was a candlestick. ««And in the left f " "A box of -matches." The Emperor burst into roars of laughter, and paternally dis missed the young warrior with the advice not to peer about corridors and to say no more about the '• White Lady." Evidently the Emperor holds the sound opinion that ancient ghosts don't walk about with modern match boxes. Professor Dewar, who some time back astonished the scietific world by liquefy ing -hydrogen, has now succeeded "in producing hydrogen as a solid. The professor explained at the Hoyul Institute bow this gas could be solidified by sur rounding a tube containing it with i i a'r Prevent the ingress of bent, and then, by applying a powerful air pump tp the liquid hydrogen, truns iormed it into a white opaque solid. I Daring excavations at Crowkorne some curious copper coins were nuearthed. One bore the inscription, "John Howard, F.R.S. Remember tbe debtors iu IN ; cbester Gaol." There was a representa j tion of Howard on the obverse of the coin, and round the edge were the words : "Payable at Banbury, Oxford, and Beading." Marvellous enamels, jewels, and gold smiths' work, boxwood carviugs and ancient silverware,'fill the " Waddebdon Bequest Boom " at the Britisli Museum, which was opened to tbe public on Mon Pay» April 4th. Tho collection, which includes 265 articles, was bequeathed to the nation by the lata Baror. Ferdinand .Rothschild. The Baron . was such a keen collector that he thought Jittio of part ing with thousand.: of pounds at a timo for a splendid ornirnent or il fine specl men of the art of some great man. Only a few years ago he sent an agent to the Duke of Devonshire and offered him ±.25,000 for five y.ieees of enamelled gold of rare design and perfect workmansbin. ! Tho famous "Lyte jewel" is a note worthy feature of the collection. James I. gave it to Thomas Lyte; in the course of time it became the property of the late Duke of Hamilton, and was bought by the Boron at the Hamilton sale. Four magnificent bronze medallions dating back to 250 B.C., and possibly to 350 B.C.; a rock-crystal cup, with its cover carved in the likeness of a stork ; and two small portrait busts, valued at hundreds of pounds, but originally '* picked up " in Prague for 4s by the father of the late Sir Edgar Boelim, are other exhibits of interest. Tbe London " Chronicle's " war cor respondent vouches for this incident. One of the Lancaster men, whilo in the act of firing in a prone position, had his head taken clean off by a largo shell. To tbe astonishment of his comrades the headless body quietly rose, stood upright for a few seconds, and then fell. Electric flatirons are used exclusively iu many large laundries; their advan tages are apparent. The heat can always bo controlled so as to keep the iron at tbe right temperature, thus obviating the danger of spoiling a finished dress by smut from aii iron heated by gas. Tbe British "War Office has been testing for the last two. years a new electrical range finder. It was invented by an Australian, It will give the range and bearing of a fixed or moving object, and will give information to any number of fortress guns attached by wire to the instrument. An anonymous donation has been made to the Aero club of Prance, so that they can offer the sum of £5000 to the aero naut who will start from Longchanips, go round the Eiffel Tower, and return to the starting point, a distance of seven miles, in 30 minutes. The competition is to be international. This is one of the most substantial prizes ever offered to inventors, and it is probable that we may look for some remarkable results. A strange story comes from Vienna. A French syndicate, it is said, intends establishing a second Monte Carlo in tbe island of Corfu. The proposed building is tbe late Empress of Austria's Villa Achilleiou, for which one million francs has been offered to her Majesty's second daughter, Princess Valerio. But surely respect for her mother's memory will not permit tbe villa to bs turned into a place where all tbe scum and swindlers of Enrope are suro to assemble. The island was given by England to Greeoe. Is this bow she shows her appreciation of tbe gift? Better, far better, to have left it as it. was than turn it into a veritable hell. Greece will, of course, exact a large commission from the directors of the casino, and so enrich the national treasury, which'sadly requires additional contributions. 