A lyddite shell of logic has just recently been exploded under Lord Fnrrer's seat at the table of the Cobden Club in London. Mr. Arthur Pell, M.A., F.S.S., is the artist who has created tho latest scare. He has effected it by means of n series of articles in a London trade and financial organ. I his Professor of Economics claims to have discovered a means of bringing the fallacies of free-trade to a point of demonstration. He does it, too. There can be no reason able question of that. So much must be ndmitted by any man who has perused villi an open mind his first article. And yet it would be too much. to say that he has stated anything new. He has merely marshalled a series of ten-ycor-old facts, and placed them in juxtaposition with some, of the car dinal doctrines of free-trado. The result no doubt is annihilation to the fiscal fallacies, which are blown into space as fdr as any rational locus standi is concerned. But that is not an ending of them. The ghost of dead doctrines can arise again, just as Horatio tell us — In the most high and palmy State of Home, A little ere the mightiest Julius fell, The graves stood tonantless, and the sheeted dead Did squeal: and gibber In the Roman streets.- We are accustomed to the squcakings and gibberings of the ghosts of dead and dying superstitions. The free-trader has the excuse that he does not stand alone in this. Fanaticism has always hugged its falsehoods to the last, long after they havo been stripped naked and put in the pillory. Mr. Pell's method is a very simple one. He takes ono of the canons of free-trade, and tests it with tho dissolving acids of accomplished facts. The first he examines is that which declares that "all trade is " barter," and that as imports can be paid only with exports, goods with goods, the nations which import much must export much, and the large export must be balanced by the corresponding import. That doctrine has been everywhere nccepted by free-traders. Indeed, their theories would not hang together without it. It was this which cnusqd ono of the Cobden Club leaders to write— "Let me see a nation "import plentifully, and its exports will " take care of themselves." Another of their leaflets runs— "Goods are paid for in "goods. Imports and exports always rise " and fall together." Again, in the "Finan- " cial Reform Almanack" of 189S, we see this doctrine callcd_the "golden rule of free- " trade," and we are told that "if we " steadily keep in mind that we are " exchanging goods for goods, it will be easy " to perceive the folly of tariffs or artificial' "barriers in the way of suchr exchange." Mr. H. Montgrcdicn, in his book on "Frce- " trade," recommended by Mr. John Bright in March, 1881, svritcs:— "As long as " America continues to export largely she " must also import largely, at whatever " cost to the American consumer. .. , " All commercial transactions resolve tliem- " selves, directly or indirectly, into the " interchange of commodities, so that all " commerce is barter." This, then, as Mr. Pell puts it, commits free- traders definitely to a doctrine on wliieb their whole theoretical system is based— that goods are paid for in goods only, and that every country's imports must be balanced by exports, and vice versa. This having been made clear, we have this doctrine placed side by side wfth certain undeniable modern facts which contra vene it. Here is one: — British imports in 1801 £373,000,000 British exports in 1801 247,000,000 Balance of trade not paid in goods.. £120,000,000 This balance is explained by Mr. Medley, in the Cobden Club leaflet No. XXVIII., to liave been settled follows: — Received from ocean freights £45,OOQ,ODu Received from marine insurance .. .. 3,500,000 Received from interest on capital., .. 5,000,000 Received from merchants' profits .. .. 17,500,000 Received from interest on foreign in vestments 55,090,000 £120,000,090 So by the aid of certain gratuitous assump tions the free-trader for the men, out escapes from, his trouble. But it is only for an instant. For example — . In 1S0S, British imports were £409,000,000 In 189S the exports were 232,000,000 The balance ot Itritish trade not paid with goodB was ; £177 000.000 This means an increase in seven years of goods not paid with goods of £51,000,000. The bulk of this increase must falJ on the last item of foreign investments, and it would mean that British investments abroad had nearly doubled in seven years. This reduces the previous solution to an absurdity. Tiie only rational explanation is that England paid part of the trade balance against licr by tiie withdrawal of portions of her capital invested abroad. As a matter of fact, wo know that this was very largely the case in Victoria in the very years cited. The calling in of British investments in Victoria from 1892 to 1890 was a part of the trouble of those hard and lean years. But it was not in Victoria only. Mr. Stiinnard Baker, in a book just published in New York, called " Our " New Prosperity," says that in the years 1897-1900 "over a billion dollars of Amcri- " can indebtedness was wiped out from the " ledgers of Europe, and in 1899 we beheld (< the spectacle of London buying money in " New York with which to conduct her " South African war. . . . Indeed 1899 "will go down in commercial history as. notable year in which the United btntcs in:i_\ be said to have ceased being a debtoi nation and becatno a creditor " nation." This is but one instance in which the free-trade doctrine gets smashed in colli sion with the facts of life. The American example is even more pointed.. Mr. Pell cites the free- trade statement that America must import as largely as she exports as equivalent to the case of the man actually in the village stocks who demonstrated by logic that he could not be put in them. The Dinglcy Tariff put almost prohibitive duties on foreign goods imported into America. The imports, of course, fell r.ff, and according to free-trade doctriuc her exports should have fallen off too. What do we find? England imported from the United Slates in 1S90 goods — 1 allied at £qt om mi And exported thereto 32(!0jo;)0 ®a'ance £05,999,909 Whereas in 1SDS, under the new tariff— Unglaml imported £120,0(3), 999 And exported 34,71)0,009 Balance .. .. .. £131,309,00)) Whilst the whole trade of the United States in 1898 was — Kxports .. .. £414, 000, 000 nnports .. 100, 090, 090 Balance of goods not paid with goods £254,000,000 Here America sends out goods more than twice as valuable. as those she receives, and in doing so has demonsti'atcd a fundamental free-trade maxim to be ns false as protec tionists always knew it to be foolish. There arc plenty of other proofs of the same kind; but, even wei'e there no. others, these two demolish what free-traders have .called their "golden rule." It is clear now, even to the Cobden Club, that a country may shut out imports aud go on exporting moi'c largely than ever. Then again, says Mr. Pell, "Germany has heavy import duties on " manufactures, and, according to tho " canons of free- trade, protected indus- " tries, such as the German, cannot compete " with free-trade industries, such as the " English, in neutral markets. As a fact, "the German industries are more than 1 holding their own witli English indus- " tries, and are driving English manufac- " turcs out of many neutral markets. The " Consular reports arc monotonous reading, " on account of their always reporting this. " bounce has most ably, by industry and " judicious duties, at last thrown the pay- " mcnt of the whole of the interest of her " enormous National Debt— the heaviest " the world has ever known — on English " shoulders. Tho balance of trade between " England and France has now readied over " £35,000,000 a year in favor of France, and " the annual debt charge in France is " £32,000,000 only. France lias steadily " bought less and less of English goods, and steadily sold more and more French goods " to England. According to the Cobden " Club this is quite impossible; but it is " nevertheless the fact, and it has con- " tinued so long that it cannot be called a " temporary contradiction of the free-trade " doctrines. It is permanent, and shows " that there must be something wrong with " the doctrine itself." Those are the sort of solid facts which make sober Englishmen think. It would bo just as easy to demonstrate the fallacy which lias so long measured the prosperity of nations by the volume of their foreign trade. In the columns of "The Age" wo have repeatedly done this by figures which no free-trader has ever attempted to answer. It is a safe thing to say that the foreign trade of a nation is not .even a remote test of its prosperity. Some opulent nations have no foreign trade at all. Adam Smith cites the China of his day as a coun try absolutely self-contained, and yet very wealthy. Peru, in its palmy days, bad neither imports nor exports, and yet poverty was unknown in nil the land. If we take the example of modern nations, here is a table, taken from Coghlan's "Seven "Colonics," that may well make innocent free-traders rub their eyes, in the proofs that it affords of the worthlcssness of mere foreign trade as a test of material well- being. The figures refer to the year 1S90, and they give tho total foreign trade per inhabitant: — United Kingdom .. £20 10 8 £rance 10 10 8 Germany 8 13 3 Unly 3 2 0 Belgium . . ' 40 is 1 Spain .. .. .. .'a 4 4 11 Cape Colony 25 8 J) Canada o 13 3 Chili .. 12 11 0 United States Q o 3 Australasia 17 s 9 If the mere volume of- external trade, that is of imports and exports, were significant of the prosperity of the State, Belgium would be twice as opulent as Great Britain and six times as wealthy as the United States of America. The Cape Colony would be nearly three times as well off ns Canada, which would have about half as much material well being as the Australian colo nies. All these comparisons reduce this free-trade test to an absurdity. The wonder is that on the face of these positive demon strations of the invalidity of the funda mental doctrines of free-trade rational men can be found to defend the cult. Tho explanation, however, is to be found in that trait of human character which weds the Chinese to his Joss, the Soudanese to his Muhdi, the Boer to the sordid autocracy of a Krugcr, and which causes the majority of tiie. Victorian Legislative Council to shrink with terror at the mention of the Referen dum. Few men are ti;uly sane in all depart ments of their intellect. The irrational fanaticism of the Cobden School has been stripped bare time and again, just ns Sir. Pell has left this error of trade being barter exposed in its nakedness. The great mass of men see and ridicule the folly; but the few grow more attached to their idol in proportion as its absurdity becomes more hopeless. 