e- — - ?- | THE CHERCHKFELLES, I CHAPTER V. I .1 At what time was the- supper V interrup I te'l Sween twelve and one, sir-a little after I ;BI6S when they had finished. Where I ° ' t? Oh I know, getting on for hve, I ? -Ul of hs vine just g--ne to bed as I thought. I f^ too it was the front hell that had been I i ,, , ...a „,,* master's at nil. eo I opened the £? and looked out. It was a dark and foggy i nniin' and there was not the ghost of any Te to be seen. The car.lroom door was wide „.., s0 I knew th* gentlemen were gone and Sit raster was abed. He had left the L fhrin' so I went in to turn it out, and Then's'nod still, staving like a pig at a heap of 2(1]d and notes lying on one side of toe table. f don't know what cimeover me— it seemed iotaknmeall aronce-I bal no more power to rc-i-t it than if I had been a: baby. . I knew Mr Pmvis never -fteptrany count of what, he Won, iind. cramming into iry pocket as much as I dared, I went up-stairs again light euough to wake a cat. I never went into the supper room at all' -I swear to you, sir, I did not ; the do rwiis-hut T hem was no reason why I should look m ; the idea of doing so never once occurred to ine. 'But though I went h:ick so softly, my yetting up had disturbed the boy, Smith, who pleii' in the next room to mine, and he called out to know if anything was the matter, just as I saw in the papers he said at the inquest — he spoke about it. ull right enough. I fold him it was some tipsy fool's runaway ring I had taken 'o- the niis'er's, and. without even during to count the mo'rev, turned in and tried to go to sleep again. But now it was too late ; : I could think of nothing but Susan and the promises I made to her, and how I should nover be able to look my little girl in the face again. T think I'd begun to bi sorry long before I'd got to the top of the sta;rs. and. to cut a Ions story short, I very Bonn resolved to put every penny back directly I went down again. I was afraid to get moving about too soon, lest the others shou d suspect anything, but at my usual time— a bout 8 o'clock, that was— I got up and went down. I could hear the women folk stirring in Mie kitchen, but they had not beei upstairs. The gas was still flaring in tho card room iust rs I had left it. and quick as possihlfl, I put the money back— every coin of it! Then, glad at heart again, I drew up the blinds mid opened the windows, then sauntered slowly into the other room to do the same th^re. 'It makes ms qualmish even now to think of it— ho looked so awful and ghastly. I was wluVling when I tumbled over him where he lay on the floor, his coat half off, his shirt torn opeu, a napkin from the tahle laid upon his side. Wh«n I got my senses a bit, I raised his head a little, but, he was stone d°ad. There wasn't a doubt of it — all the doctors in the world couldn't do him any' good now.' 'My boy! My poor boy!' moaned Mrs. banctuary, almost, unconsciously ; then, ns the man stopped, looking doubtfully at Harold, do ou !' she cried fiercely. ' Don't spare me a word of it. Y«u are telling me now what I never heard before. Go 'i-— leave out nothing— tell all !' 'There is not much more ma'am, I am thankful to Ray. Mr. Powis was quite dead anrt had been for son e time. He'd been numW. too— not m,lch doubt, about thar, and the knife it had been done with was lvin^ clos« by his gide, the blood hardly dry upon the nladp.' '' fiil!iUVetliafc knife wi'M'e stains upon it 'till, Mrs Sanctuary interrupted ngain. ' I «n keeping it until the gniltv man is found.' As I stood and looked at Mr. Powis ' iiamnn went on. 'all in a moment everything nashel across me -the ring at the He ft, mv Pniie dawn. Smiths calling to me, ray finding nim in the morning and n^ver calling out, for. though I tried to shou* for help, directly I saw he vas dead something came into my 'mm, and I couldn't utter a sound. Who was, () know I hadn't done it taysolf? No one ono , m 'rTlleard the «*i* but me. No one would believe my tale, and, when the b orv of mv paKt came outf ifc WQU,d b(j u 3 T T a! -r°?d ald.a11- r ™ »hat frighten been «tr,,ck dead myself then, coming to a £t. I r^olved to cut and run and try to get as £nve'r-'P0SSib1e befOr° tte mUrde' Wa8 the' ?Ut mJ* not oecur to you tliat chat was it *?««♦' Sir- T Hlouelifc of it afterwards when I hn , n late-th«»Kh. anyhow, I don t think thehuT^?1^1?'18* g0t clear ftw»y be^e c me lu 7?, b?e'n- T 1iad hertrd Smith S W I *hlle X wft8 in the card-room, but tlflgre mt°i the kitchan and was «o»d for 31 ?; th°;1S;h il has fcftken nie »o lows *i mom t Rn * e niin'tfi8 in that dreadful the kov ,n°ame °Ut,and lockod tlte door WttinR no kov m my pocket# That M » softly ui»Bf«;~, Hiam. xiien i went ^' P Ton m' cranlmed ft fe«' thinim into a »T wwXJV™? b.8inR thfi,wiser- T.uckily, I had Tit blen.P'»d two Says before, and tChfld iZT* tips T hftd boen «avinR for iS;'1 *™ Pf% fl»sh of money, and, ^luSS;* * w^nt 6trftight to Charinp 'o'lSEr1^4'?*818 eftS-Uv enough, but ♦ook off m! ,n f y6t a -W.verj :«mple. 8I only n«ed niy..|mt for a eoft Cft j U8edt/ ^ when at work, and going down tne ste^jTs int Villier's street and on to the Embankment, £ made tracks at once for the friend I have told you of before, thinking he would be able to get me oft to America. He didn't do that becaase he said it wasn't safe, all the ports would be watched, and that the best wav to cheat the police was to stop right under their noses. So he sent me to a place he knew of where I could keep dark until the worst of the row was over. To be safer under my new name I dyed my hair black when I went to Mr. Powis — it ?was lightish sandy before, like it is now, except whsro it's turned gray — and I always kept my face shaved clean, but whilst I was in hiding I let my hair get its natural color again, and with a bit of a moustache and whiskers, I looked quite a different man. There was no reward offered then, you know, or it would not have gone off so well, for, of course there were a few who knew jabout me, and could have given me away easily enough ; but there was no danger of their splitting on an old pal for nothing. ' After my money was gone, I was hard pu* to it to live for a time, for I was nervous about going out ; butJE got a job here and there in places I had never been before, aW managed somehow to live honest till I tumbled on my feet as steward of a Margate beat. I kept that job right on until this season, only as the boats don't run in the winter it was always a tight fit then, and this winterthe worst of all. and I fell ill and had to go to horspifcal. as I told you. Then my pal, he brought me the advertise ment, I was too bad to get away, even if I had the cash, and my pal had been unlucky, too, and couldn't do much to help ; and, to crown all one of the old set was getting hot upon my track, and would give me up directly he sat eyes upon me. I gave it up then, my pal lent me almost his last sovereign, and I come down to see if I couldn't be the better for the re ward myself, for surely I had more right to it than anyone else ; I should earn it hard enough. '?That's the solemn truth— every word, eir, though I don't expect you to believe it ; for, when a poor chap's once been in trouble, everyone seemR to doubt his word, and if I was in your place, I don't suppose I should believe it myself. Only 1 do hope they won't haug .»., of for oil Hipho mmrs. It was1 the hanging I was so mortal afraid of, or perhaps I should have stayed and ficad it out.' Then pulling out a dingy handkerchief anrt ?with an air of relief wiping his face Andrew Barston awaited the result in silence. CHAPTER VII. Harold waited for a few moments ; then, as Mrs Sanctuary did not speak, he said— ' I suppose we had better ro to the police station now : the man can prove his story them and the truth will be seen into.' And he rose as if to go. 'Wait a little,' - cried Mrs Sanctuary, sharply. ' Are you sure that is to© beat tning to do? The police had the mattBr in hand before and found out nothing.. Tell me, first, if you have any faith in what this man has been tellitog us.' M ' I am inclined to believe a good deal ot it. ' And I believe every word 1 Ihavfe watched him closely— watched his eyes, as well as listened to 'his tongue, and I believe fully every word is the truth,' I The man started to Ms feet. ! ?* Thank you, maTam— thank you 1 I don' .0ijk I shall mind no much nqw that you, Mr. Powis's own mother, believe in me. It is bad for a man to have every one against him.' ' Still, he ought to stand his trial,' said Harold, puzzled. ' He cannctf be cleared without it.' ' Yes — and if you give him into custody, the police, as is invariably the custom, will do all they can to fix the guilt upon him, instead of trying to fiad the reol murderer. Have you no idea, Barston,- no clue ? Can't you help us in the least V 'It's hard to siy, ma'am,' he answered, hesitatingly. ' 1 don't want to accuse any one like I've been accused myself, yet, if there was any possible way to account for her getting into the house, I should say it was a woman.' -%A woman!' and Mrs Sanctuary stared increduously ; then, noting his embarrassment, she said, *'1 Go on ! Tell me why you think so. ' ' There was a lady, a Mrs Phillips— she lived out Clapham way, sir' — turning to Harold. ' Well, when Mr Powis began to trnsfc me a little and found ou^; I had no particular friend and didn't talk, I was continuously sent with notes and messages, always taking over his letters when he stayed there a day or two at a time.' . ' What kind of a person was this woman ? asked Mrs Sanctuary, with lips white and trembling. ' Very young, ma'am-rquite a girl in years. When I first saw her she didn't look much more than sixteen or seventeen, though she was pretty tall and rather handsome looking, with big dark eyes that permed to go right through you. After about a year of it- a year, that is, after I knew of it— of course, I don't know how long it had been going on betore— Mr. Powis cooled off gradually* and when he kept sending me instead of going himself, I saw every time how sad she was growing, and how her big eyes seemed to get bigger and bigger because she was getting so thin and pale ; not that she'd ever much color at the beat of times. Well, I felt rather sorry for her at the best of times, although I was only the servant. Then, at last Mr. Powis left off sending me at all. I forgot to pay I took over game and fruit and flowers and such line'. But he did send itffe again one day. As near as I ™n mmAniVier. it was about three weeks or a month— may be more, I won't say for certain now, though I can find the date— before the murder, which was just before he was going to b°- married, you know. He gave me a small packet, which I was to pub into Mrs. Phillip's own hands and brins him back a receipt, because ifc contained bank uotes. I was also to tell her she would receive a letter by that night's post that would explain every thing. I went down in a hanspiu, and I can see now how pleased she looked is she opened the door herself, chinking it was Mr. Powis, and how her face fell when she found it was only me. She seemed very surprised at the notes and not very much delighted either, fov she tossed them into a drawer as u-cney ourueu hernngers. I never saw her again, nor took any more letteis to post to he* after the one Mr. Powis gave me directly T came back and brought the receipt.' , | Here Bars' on paused, as if unwilling to pro ceed further. ' Go on 5 said Harold. ' You say. you never saw her ag-un ; then how do you con nect her with the murder?' '„','? '? I don't know that I do connect her* -the man answ«i«d«k»wjy.;. «- she .w^s eiich a sb£ Of a giil, and Mr. Powis a' big^strong man7 J6 seems impossible. Besides, ? she- Miever kntj\w his private address:— all .her letters were a4« dressed to his club, and, from something £ ? heard her say. once I really 1befieve'''fhat''sh»- thought he lived there. So it see:ris improbtj! able sit leasr, doesn't it ?' ' ' Go on — there is something moro ! Re member, the only chance for yourself is to tell all you kuow without adding or..:ta(j;jag.awa.y a single circumstance, ;so that ..wheja^ ^opj^ test your words they may firid.J;hem.'jtrue, ' I am not afraid of anyv,.test, .sir— I ana telling yon the exact truth. ' Rut.,. I, was so sorry for the girl, and I can't bear.to speak against her. What made me think of. her was that, when I lifted Mr. Powis's head from tba floor, underneath him was a torn envelope. I picked it up from force of habit, I suppose* without knowing what I did, and when I got upstairs and began to pack my bag I founit i,tg stiH in my hand, tkough I had brought ifc . away quite unconsciously Then, for the first time I saw it was spotted with Wood, a^id £ crushed it inio my pocket to burn at tlie' fi raft opportunity. For a few d-tys after T got awajy I was in such a state of excitement and treinn^p that, until I pulled it out by accident, I h -& actually forgotten its very existence, and even then I wae about to destroy it withpufc thinks ing, when all at once die strangeness of it (struck me all of a heap. How in the wor'dl had it got there ? For it was the very s|gaa envelope that i had posted to Mrs. Phi ips when I got back from taking the bank notes 5 £ knew it by a q-ieer shaped blot on the capital ' P' which I had noticed when posting it — alsa- the date on the postmark was about. the same — that is why I told you just now I could fini the date.' ' And what did you conclude from finding that envelope ?' ' I didn't conclude anything ; I ooijjr wondered how it got there. It didn't coma out of Mr. P.owis's pocket, T'H swear, for, when he aressed tor dinner, he turned cut all his packets, and, keeping only his money, his handkerchief, and his knife, lie gave me his pocket-bcok and some lose papers to lock i;p^ putting the keys in bis pockets himself affcao wards. Besides, how should he have an en velope he'd sent to another weeks before.? There was no letter inside ; it was only thft envelope, a little soiled aud crushed, just as t£ it had .fallen out of someone's pocket.' ' Why didn't ycu give yourself up whan you were in possession of such, an important; clue as that V ? . ' Not likely — begging your pardon, sir. I[ whs pretty safe where I was ; and, besides, *s I'd been fool enough to bring it away, who was to believe I had found it there ?'' ' Did you'destroy it ?' 'No — I thought better of that. I've got 3b safe still, and it is at your service if you waa£ it.' ' Were any of Mr. Pwis's friends acquaint, od with this woman ?' ' Sot to my knowledge, sir, unless it miglsfe be Mr. Denvil — one of the two last with hiu^ you may remember-; they had to give an» account of theirselves at the inquest. I hearttL him once joking Mr. Powis about ' pretty black-eyed Peggy' and asking him where ha had hidden her, and, though I can't be sure b» meant Mrs. Philips, yet I fancy he did. Bafc none of his friends ever went to O'apham, ctr^, as far as 1 know, knew anything about thejs place.' ' What was the woman's Christian name E* asked Mrs. Sanctuary. ' I've heard Mr. Powis call her ' Peg?y' lots of times, but once she signed her name for ik% end it was ' Margaiet.' ' Margaret Philips V' ' No — just ' Margaret,' ma'am — nothing more. Mr. Powis was Always called ' Mq| Philips' at Clapham ; but of course she knew his right name was Powis, and used to direct her letters S3.' ?' ? 'Xou have toitt us everything at last, then^ I suppose ?' saidHurold, after aifihort passav^ ' Everything, sir,' ... ? ? ' Then the question is— if we don't give yorjs in charge to the police, what is to be done witfit you ¥' ' Whatever you please, sir— I place niyseHj in your hands unreservedly. There is no fesc of my running away — I've gone too far foe that ; and, besides, I wrfht that reward for my little Susie.' ' Then I will take you on to hel^ in thai house and garden at a small salary, noj- to bta paid until 1 hare done with you. There' its a spare, room in the gardener's house wher« you can 6leep ; and once or twice every day, whenever I shall choose, you will come herqj and report yourself to me. No ; don't speak: yet. Wait un*it I ha»'e doue. You .will hold! your toi gue before theservants, and no matter? how curious they are, say not a word as to why you are here, and, most important of all, v«m will never leave the premises — not for ona- moment — not. even step ouiside the gate ; yam will be a prisoner in fact, though not in a cellfc, and, instead of bolts and bars, you will bo- kept in by your own word. Do you think jxmt can submi1 to this ? ' ' Mor- grateful than I can say, ma'atn ; Inn not so fond of a; real prison as to be in a hun.wr to get iuK) one, ana. as i coia you uerore, ivw no thoughts of innning away.' ' Then go dowii-stairs ngnin now, audt4fi the woman to send the gardener's wife up tjo me when I ringl And, mind you -e II routsolft by your Tight name— say nothing «t ?* AlfcetfL Baker' here;' 