The more the matter is eifted -the plainer does it become that the oppo sition to the Commonwealth Bill en account of the Privy CoaDcil appeal clauses is unnecessary. It is. a mere bogey, raised by the imperial com mittee of investigation no doubt in all pond faith, but none the less a ghost. The opportunity has been seized by the anti-billitee, New Zea land, and the wealthy corporations interested in keeping in their hands the power to threaten poorer parties in a suit with the enormouBly costly process of an appeal to the Privy Council, to play upon the popular feeling of the timea, and the people of Australia are being advised by Borne whilom ardent federalists to consider the propriety of yielding to the opponents of the constitu tion and agreeing to the suggested amendments. If the bill curtailed her Majesty's royal prerogative, or em powered the Commonwealth Parlia ment to do anything calculated to reduce her Majesty's sovereign rights in this portion of her dominions, none of her loyal subjects conld uphold it. The desire of the inhabitants of these British colonies is not to weaken the monarchical system bo far as it affects them, nor to lessen the number and force of the links of the constitutional chain' by which they are bonnd to Great Britain and the rest of the Empire, bat rather to strengthen the one and increase the other. The pre sent process of appeal to the Privy Council is not by any means the Bimple piece of business that those who are angling for popular support in op position- to the1 Commonwealth ? Blip would like it to be nnderstood to be. It is regarded as the constitu tional right of every subject of £he Queen to carry his cause to the foot of the throne. It is the proud boast of every Britisher that he has that right. But her Majesty does not deal with cases carried to the last court of appeal her self. They are dealt with by the Queen's councillors who form that court, with her Majesty at their head, the Sovereign's presence 'Being, of course/, assumed in the constitutional sense. Ac tually her Majesty never hears a cause. The lords of appeal act in her name and under the sign and seal of her rpyal authority. The present course of ap peal to the Privy Conncil is not by any means iree of obstacles to litigants. Before that august body can be reached by a litigant he must be prepared to incur the considerable expenditure in volved _in pursuing the prescribed course of procedure. An appeal can only be made to tbe Privy Council under the conditions iaid down by an Order in Council. Leave to -appeal has to be obtained from the kcal court. The Privy Conncil can refuse leave to appeal to itself. The creation of such obstacles has not, however, been with the object of curtailing the right of any subject, to appeal. Constitutionally it it held that there is nothiog to impeach or destroy that right. But it has been found as necessary to lay down rules of procedure for appeals just as it has been found necessary to prescribe forms for taking advantage of the other con stitutional privileges held by British subjects. The sole object of such methods of procedure ib regarded as that of ensuring order and regularity and giving the scales of justice full scope for balancing. The provision in the Commonwealth Bill to which so much opposition is being ehown is merely one which empowers the Federal Parliament to dbss iaws to prevent appeals being made in certain cases. Brrtpas the Attorney-General tf Victoria points out, it must be remem bered that every law passed by the Commonwealth must directly or in directly receive the Queen's assent before it could become operative. The Federal Parliament could therefore only limit the right of appeal with the consent oi ner .majesty. rracucally the right of appeal could only be limited by nintual agreement as to the desirability of its limitation in par ticular cases between the Sovereign, the Parliament, and the people. More over the Commonwealth Bill does not interfere with the present right of appeal from the Supreme Courts of the colonies to the Privy Conncil. It simply creates a new court of appeal within the Commonwealth, which would give lih'gante the benefit of a less costly and more conveni ent form of appeal, and empowers the Parliament to pass laws restrict ing the right of appeal from the Federal High Court to the Privy Council, such laws being only opera tive, as before stated, npon the Queen assenting to them. With the constitutional check of the prerogative of the Crown against the enactment of undesirable laws it is difficult to under stand the position of those who contend bhat the Federal Parliament should not have the power to paes a law of limita tion if experience proves Euch a law to be desirable in the interests of juEtics. The provision conferring that power was fully considered and debated at the Federal Convention. It formed one of the pegs on which the anti-billites, especially those of New South Wales, hung their objections to the constitu tion during the referendum campaigns. And it is a matter for regret that some who enthusiastically recommended the constitution to the people at both refe rendnms are now exhibiting signs of veaknesa in regard to it. UnneceEfiary opp;iaiiicn to the consuu-mion should roller ttnd to increase the tfforts of its former supporters to get it accepted by the Imperial Parliament, than lead them to support amendments which would delay the consummation of the union that they so recently and loudly championed. The selection of the members of the Tasmanian Corps of the Imperial Aus tralian Regiment, and the allotment of tha commissions in connection there with, are matters about which a good deal of discussion is going on in dif ferent parts of the colony. Generally speaking there is a decided tendency to adverse criticism of what has been done. With seven or eight men apply ing for every position open in the corps the infliction of the disappointment of rejection on a large scale was in evitable. And this is so well recog nised and understood that any attempt to lay complaints against the Govern ment and the military authorities because many applicants lor enlistment have been disappointed wonld rightly be scouted. But unfortunately there seem to be other grounds for grumbling which have at least an appearance of. substantiality. The method or want of method in the selection of the members of the corps is held to have worked un fairly. The Commandant announced that as far as he was concerned he^ would oppose the enlistment of any but thoroughly experienced bush men. This declaration was the subject of critical analyses at the time It was made, an opinion being freely ex pressed that in the sense the term is understood on the mainland it would be inapplicable here, because of the limited number of workers in the Tas manian bush corresponding to: the boundary riders and stockmen of the vast areas of territory on the conti nent. However, the Beleciaqn authori ties, 'whomever they may 'have been, and at present nobody seems to know whom they were, apparently proceeded on the line of choosing men who could : satisfy them that they had had some sort of an experience -in bush life. It would be more correct, if what is being said is true,, to say that the course was followed up to a point, and then exceptions were made in favor of certain candidates whose occupations conld not by any stretch of military or civil imagination be regarded as bushy. It is certainly strange, assuming the rumors abroad to be founded on fact, that candidates other than bushmen living in one part of the colony Bhonld have been- enlisted ?while others equally eligible, ftul'living in other parts of the island, should either have been refused admission or else given to understand that they stood no chance of enrolment. But, as we had occasion to remark the other day, we are now living in times when strange things are being done. As to the commissions which, from a pecuniary point alone, are of no mean value, it is held to be singular, and explainable onjy by the possibility of the absence of infantrymen from amongst the applicants, that the two most important positions in a corps of mounted infantry should have been given to two members of the garrison artillery volunteer force. In view of the remarkable circumstance that the names and addresses of the selected men have floi, although; sejectipn ? and pub lication go on concurrently in the mains land colonies, yet heen published heVe, it may .be desirable when Parliament meets to liave both the matters of selection and the allotment of the. commissions thoroughly -investigated,' *o that it may be proved l)eyond doubt wnemer inB tusaansraction prevalent is warrantable or not, and in order that provision may be made to prevent the possibility of a recurrence in the future. The Kasteb Holidays, _ Launceston will be lively dnririg ,the jcoming .holidaj season, liaving teen eeleoteil (b« thBi.c6nl.ri for a number of gatherings. The moBt im portant fixture ifi the volHnteer encampment at fit. Leonards, which begins on Thursday and endson Monday. About 800 members of -the defence force Are expected to go nndei canvas. 'The annnal open lawn tennit tournament takes place on Saturday, Mon day, and Tuesday. The pamiB are to be played on the well-appointed canrtB of tht tiannceston Bowling Olub and the Orictel Association. The Hobart Bowling Olub it sending a team north to play the two Launceston clubs. The Grand Lodge d{ Good' Templars bolrls ltB annu&l; EteEBioU'here this year. Entertainments have been ar ranged for the eveninjra, and aj the railway department hae detailed special train ser vice* at low farce, tiie influx of visitors to the city this week from all p&Tle; of ihe island is likely to be a large one. - INVBEMAY TOWH BOABD ECECTION* More than p&aeing; interest was evinced in the annual election of three members of this board, which took Dl&ce; on Saturday afternoon. In addition to tbe retiring members (Messrs. O. B. Law, W. D. Munro, and. John Green), Messrs. T. W. Massey, Wm. Baker, and Henry White Bought to represent the ratepayers on tbe board. The polling hours were from 1 to 4, and during this lime cabs were busily employed in conveying voters to the poll. About 100 persona waiied at the Slate school to hear the result, and at i 30 the returning officer (Mr P. Boland) announced the polling as follows: O. B. Law, 164 ; W. D. Munro, 128; T. W. Massey, 12t ; W. Baker, 115 ; H. White, 101 ; J. Green, 84. There were four invalid papers. The enecetsfu! candi dates briefly returned thanks, and expressed their determination to do their best in the interest* of the ratepayers. Pcblic Wobke. — The following tenders, the amounts of which for roid works are approximate, being calculated at schedule prices, hive been accepted ? Road, branch road from AbboUEeld-road to selections cf Morgan and others, contract 1. Bayner and Tilyard, £43 7b 6d ; road from Lower Turner's Marsh-road to lieid'a and others', contract 1, Wm. Cowie, £80 19a; road, Blythe-road and deviation Blythe Hill, con tract 11, Samuel Flower, £191 2s 6d ; mad. Wilmot to Belmont via Shepherd and Murphy's, contract 1, W. and F. French, £168 10s 9J ; rosd, Spring Bay to Swansea (Kostrevor), contract 1, William Press, £232 10.^, iubj°.ct \o a reduction of work at Echcdule prices to extent of £32 14b; road, SwanEea to Seymour, contract 3, Henry Pyke, £76 4s 7d;road, Cherry Tree Opening road to selections, contract 1 , SoLmon Alien, £91 lie ; road. Kast Devonport to Moriarty direct, between UarneBB Hill and Wesley vale-Toad, contract B, James Green, £127 19a 9d, eubject to a reduction of work at schedule prices lo extent of £27 19a 9d; road, parish of Bagot, to Gallagher's selec tions, contract 9, W. T. Gallagher, £20 ; Tunnack State school and residence, repairs, Henry Fisher, £54 11b ; Wesleyvale State tchool, additions, Arthur Phillips, £14511?. EVAKGELICAL NOUSING ASSOCIATION. — The monthly meeting of the association ?was held at the Albert Hall on Friday, April 5. Preeent : Mrs Weston (in tbe chair), Mrs Taylor, Miss Gurr, Nurse Benv nell, with the treasurer, and secretary. Apologies from Mes^ames Hinman and Stanfielcl were received. The nurse s diary Bbowed 3SG vitils piid during the quarter. — Including contributions paid in Bt mect in(7 tbe treasnrer'fl statement. Bbowed & credit balance of £17 Bb 4d. — Visiting ladies were appointed fur the month — The secre tary w&s; instructed to write a. letter of sympathy to Mrs F. L. FyBb, a member of the committee. — Nurse Bennell Bubmitted her monthly list of donations of comforle for patient's, and the donors are hereby heartily thanked. Bale of a Gukjhoukd.— At Messrs. W. T. Bell and Co.'s mart on Saturday six greyhounds, owned by Mr G. J. Hudson, were ofiered at acction, but the only dog diEpoBed of was the weU-tnown gTeybound Pastime, which was secured by Mr Claude Bain for £6 7b 61 AN Alleged Asbahlt. — A man named J. 0. Moore was arrested on warrant last night, charged with having anmlted Na thaniel Harding, a bailiff employed at the offices of the Registrar, at InvereBk, on Thursday night, 11IE fUlKY 1-:ip:::.t-Oj tins mltr vii v. e.i laEt nigiit, itiu M ; . is ? ' ot i^ucu ture (Mr G. '. Co:iits, 11 L.G.) staved thm he hail not finally ikeidi'd on the seleciion of .1 uuiry expert, and was nuking further enquiiiiB with thu vi'-w of aacsitr.iDiLig the meet suitable among the applicants. Bakd Coxcebt. — Ycsttrdiy afternoon Et. Joteph'e Ba::d gave a concert at the City Park. Tbe attendance was, considering the threatening weather, very sitiefactory. ard an excellent programme was gone through The collection at the turnatiles was in aid of the Indian Famine Fund. Personal. — By the b a. Coogee, which left for Melbourne on Saturday afternoon, Drs. Holmes and Sprott left to attend the conference of health authorities, which is to consider matters in connection with th-. outbreak of the bubonic nlas?ue in the colonies. . ? M'Adoo's Jcbtlee Singers. — This talented company of Bingers, who met. with such a favorable reception during a season here several months since, returned from a tour on the mainland by the s.b. Pateena yesterday. The company leaves for Hobart to-day, nnd after a short season there th?y open in the Albert Hall on Inetd&y.; 17th inBt. Police Couet. — At this court on Satur day two cases against parents for failing to comply with the provisions of. the Educa tion Act were adjourned for a month. — A man Buepected of being insane was farther remanded to the houss of detention. — -The hearing of a charge of assault preferred against a young man was resumed. It was pointed ont that the defendant had forcibly rebnked two young boys for calling out to him. The Police Magistrate, ia stating that the defendant would be fined Is and 14b 6d costs, said the case should not have been brought into court. The longer young lads were kept out of court the better for them selves, but the defendant had no right to' take the law into Mb own hmda. Mr M. J. Clarke appeared for the complainants. The bench was occupied by the Police Magistrate and Mr W. Fordyce. Missionaries' Ijsdian Famine Fund. — .amount atreaayacknow:eagea, £10.1 ^3 ia ; Lannceston Tabernacle, ^jsr Mr liroombj', £9 8s; Another Sympathiser, 10a ; Brojd land House School, per Miss Hogg, £2 gs 3d; B. G. Ladbury, Springfield, £1 ; Miss Westbrook'a ladies' school, 15b 3d ; collected -by.matron -Qaeen-Victoria Hospital, %2 2s ; Mrs Boom, 2s Gd ; Miss Brown, 2i 6d ; Perth JTabernacle!-addilional), per Bey. H. Clark, 11b; per W. G. Edmunds, 6s ; A Oheerful Giver, 10s ; collected by W. Nisbet, Kdfen farm, Goshen, £5 ; M. II Saarle, £2 9s 6d ; Miss F. Watson, Newnham, £1. Total, £189 JOs 4d. - The aurfljOf .£173 wasre nutted to India ^y the'last nAll;? This, by the courtesy ot Mr Darby, of the K&Btern; Extension Telegrapn Company, was notified to the missionaries through the Governor General of India, bo that they might be able to at once act npon the information. It is, however, considered that the famine will not become increasingly severe nntil September, the month of the rice harvest; eo that there is abundant opportnnity 'for those to contribute who have not already done so, andforthosB who, having already contributed, desire to increase the amount ol their contribution. The ladies' com mittee of the fund met on Friday afttrnoon, when it was decided to hol-i.weLkly 6eiving meetings in the Patterson street Wes'.eyan Bchoel-room, which has been lent for the purpose^ the first meeting 'to' be held to morrow (Tuefiday). Mrs A. Clerke desires to acknowledge contributions to the amount of £1 2a -6d, also a parcel of print* from MessiB. Peoner and Pen-in. Oltj and Young. — On Friday evening last Miss Lamb's Bible class of young women in connection with the City Mission gav; a tea to the female section o£ the Benevolent Society. A pleasant time was spent between 5 and 7 o'clock in disenssieg the good things provided, of which there ?was full and plenty, and the good fare was keenly relished by the forty or fifty old ladies. After tea an entertainment, consisting of tinging, instrumental mnsic, reciting,, and speaking, was held, and was as thoroughly enjoyed .as the former part of the ; pro- gramme. The City Missionary presided, and Messrs. J. Crooks and Fl Clarke gave addresses. Solos were contributed by. Mrs Wallace, Mrs Mackrell. and MibS Clarke ; instrumental pieces (cornet and mandolin) by Mr Steele andfMiss Notnian; a^d reci tations by Miss K. Glarke, MIbs Sheltou, Mia MWaUy, and Mies Williams.- :Miss Jliinb -^resitted &£ the Jorg&SP;^Before separating, Bev. W. H. Bowe, for the- old women, expressed thanks to Mra Biggs for her kindness in furthering the matter by putting everything necegsary at the disposal of the workers ; and to Miss Lamb and her helpers -for their Bpltndid aelfrdenial and liberality. He said it was all the more creditable as the whole of the expsnaa was contributed by the members of the iciass. themselves (who areWmofit without ex ception working girlB) and not begged. It. is intended very shortly to give a similar treat to the. old men, but as this will involve a much greater expense a littler outside ;help will lie1 sought and welcomed. ' ' The Molk Cbkek Caves. — Mr W. Hari noil, M.H.A., is in receipt of & communica tion from the secretary to' the Sfinister of Lands to the effect that the Cabinet haB agreed to recommend to Parliament' the purchase of tbe block of land (now owned by the Commercial Ba-ik) at Mole Creek on which- are the Mole Greek Caves. : The matter was brought under the notice of the MiiiiHer on a recent visit to Lancc^stop. by a -deputation from the Horthem Tajminian -lourietB Association. Indian Famine Fusd.— The, Mayor, who on Friday acknowledged 'baying received £355 7a, on Saturday hai1 trie following donations paid in-:' - Deloraine Anglican churches, per A. 8. Douglas, £12 63 id.;J. T. Cramp, Bt. 'Mary'-d, *2 2s ; per 'Ex- aminer,-' acknowledged;' £2 '6s fid. Total, £372 1b lOd. Among the collection? made yesterday in aid of the Indian famine fund, those Tat' the morning and 'evening cervices of Chalmers's iOhur^h realised £20 6s 2{d. fiov.- D.-'Matlhew preached at both services, and during his sermons he made earnest and touching appeals to the congregation. — Tqb managers of ..Chalmers's Church, Launceston, report the receipt of £20 63 at lhe services held yesterday, when collections were made for the famine-fund. — Tickets were issned on Saturday for the. moniter entertainment In aid of the Indian Famine Fond which ie'to take place in the .Albert Hall on Wednesday. 25th inBt., and a large nnm ier sold during the afternoon and evening. The nne1oil painting of Lord Koberts, preeented in Con nection with the fintertainmsnt by Mr Glad stone Eyre, was a great centre af attraction to the public in Brisbane-street throughout the day. This is exhibited in Dempster's building, at the earner -of Brisbane and St. John streets. t Militaby. — Captain A. Percival, late of the hradquarters companies of the Second Battalion, but until recently attached to the Queensland Mounted Infantry, has arrived at Hobart, anc\ taken up his dntirs aB an officer of the headquarters etaff — On Saturday Captain H. I. Bouke acepptpd the tender of Mr O. Crosby, of £25, for. the right to supply the officers' mess and the canteen at the Easter encampment at St. LRnnar^H Special Duty.— Sergeant M. O'Byrne, of the Launceston police, left, on Saturday for Hobart en route to New Zsaland on special police duty. He will probably be away for a few weeks. Saltation A-rxy.— The services held at the barracks yesterday were conducted by Adjutant Rattray, who returned by the b.s. Pateena yesterday morningfrom Meibonrne. where he has been taking part in the con prfES meetings led by Commandant Booh. By the Bame steamer Adjutant Knight WdB a passenger. He commanded the Launc Eton' corps all last year, and is at preB.n' in com mand of Hobart I. corps. He assisted yes terday at the afternoon and night meetings, and proceeds to bis corps by express to-day. Other officers from country corps returning from the congress also gave addresses at the various services yevterday. The attendances were above the average, much interest being manifested. The senior division of the Ladies' D. J. GymnaBium Club meet to-nightfor practice, commencing at 7 30. The junior tiivision will meet on Saturday afternoon at 2 30. In consequence of the Easier holidays intervening, the time for payment of gas accounts will be extended by the Gas Com pany nntil Wednesday, the 18th instant. The annual election of members to the ScottBdale Town Board will be held on Saturday, '2l6t inst., at the Mechanics' Institute, Scottfdale. The Bolicitorh1 offices in Launceaton will be closed from Friday, 13th inst.. to Tues day, 17th inst.. both inclusive, ex;ejit for notarial purpOEeB. 