CHAPTER XXXVII. June 3rd.—I have found the clue. There is a spring—a tiny, almost im- perceptible knob, more like an uneven- ness in the wall than anything else. After much pressure and trial it yielded. The panel opens into a re- cess, and there, leading down to depths unknown, is the winding stairway. I have not the courage to go down. The air is damp and mouldy, and it is horribly dark. I am quite content to have proved my dream correct. I shall sleep in peace to-night, I hope, and to-morrow I will ask my grand- father if he knows aught of any secret chamber in the basement, or any exit into the grounds through a subterra- nean channel. These stairs may go down to the foundations, and then lead to the cliffs for aught I know. A fine method of escape when changing dy- nasties and the iron rule of the Com- monwealth made traitors of the good and loyal nobles of England. June 14th.—I have got hold of the story by scraps and bits. It is far too long and intricate to put down here. It is sufficient for me to know that the old lady is not only an an- cestress but a namesake; that she also was one Ursula Penharva, that her life held a great sorrow and a great tragedy. What makes me pause here, and ask myself shall I resemble her in more than name, and will my life also hold a great sorrow and culminate in a great tragedy? God knows! * * * * * * (A great portion of the diary fol- lowing these entries consisted only of fragments—odd disjointed scraps con- cerning the illness of old Michael Pen- harva, and histories, more or less inco- herent, respecting the family. Dolores hurried over these or omitted them. She wanted to reach the mo- dern portion of the journal.) Midsummer Day, June, 1847.—Three years since my grandfather died. Three years since Penharva became mine, and two since I refused John Penharva for the third time. I cannot marry him. I have no inclination towards manriage at all. I did ask him once if his friend from London was never again coming to visit us as he had promised, but he answered curtly that he knew nothing of him, and that he bore by no means such a character as should interest a lady. Upon which my colour rose, and I told him haughtily that a lady's interest concerned no one but herself and the person on whom it was bestowed, and so we parted on no better terms than ever did part us. For he was al- ways rebuking, and I always impatient. 'Tis full summer now, the sky of a glory beyond all words to paint, the orchards and gardens fragrant with ripening fruits and full-blown roses, the hayfields ripe for the gleaners, the sea a blue and waveless mirror, stretch- ing far and wide to the dim horizon line. 'Tis a great day for Cornish maids, this 24th of June. At noon they try charms to prove who shall have swain or sweetheart, and who go without. I hear much chattering and ado, but I leave my mother to chide their wasted hours. It has nought to do with me. I feel strange lack of interest in this old house; I grow pale and lan- guid, and time hangs heavy on my hands. I wish I could get away to some new place, some new life. I am twenty years of age, and rich—so they say —and yet. . . Heigh-ho! how weary I feel at times, and how old! Ruth Chirgwyn came running across the orchard path, as I wandered there seeking for ripe cherries. She is a pretty girl, and helps in the kitchen and laundry. When she saw me she stopped and looked confused. I knew what she had been doing, and laughed at her blushes. Peter Pasco the gar- dener is after her, and I doubt not she had been trying. charms to find out when they would be wed—if at all. "Try to-night again," I said, half in jest, for indeed it is no light mat- ter to be out at midnight on Midsum- mer Day, since fairies and pixies are seen, not to mention his majesty Treg- eagle, who is a mighty tricky spirit, and blamed for many an evil deed through the length and breadth of Corn- wall. "To-night!" gasped the girl, and all her blushes faded into waxen white- ness. "Awk! My dear Miss Ursy, you do never mean the hempseed?" "I do mean the hempseed." She began to shake. "La! La! Miss, I couldn't, were it ever so. I should be skeered of my life. I never did do more than bake a cake on the kitchen hearth, nor more did any of the maids. We han't narra of us goet the sperrit. All thle saam, miss, I'd be dearly lovin' to see if he would cum a-followin' I. Do 'ee believe in thicky charm, Miss Ursy?" "I've never tried it," I said, gravely. "But suppose I come with you?" "Awk! My dear life!" she gasped. "Would 'ee dare now? And tell not a soul. They do say sure as fate the young man that's to wed wi' un will follow." "Yes," I said, "I'll come. I'll go down to the kitchen at a quarter before midnight. Wait for me there, but be sure you tell no one." She promised solenmly, and then ran off to her own regions and her own work, while I ate fruit under the shade of the great pear tree, and asked my- self if I had not been very foolish to encourage this silly maid in her superstition. I soon forgot all about it, but it hap- pened that in the evening I was in the library, looking for a special book I desired to read. On one shelf, thrust into a corner, I came upon an old volume that bore the title, "Cornish Superstitions." I drew it out and began to read it. Heavens! What a record of legends and charms, witches and wizards, it contained. If one half were true, well, Cornwall must be the most ghost-rid- den, witch-bepeopled county in all Eng- Iland. At some I laughed, at others won- dered. But, having saturated myself with this lively literature for some hours, I was doubtless in a fitting frame of mind to test some of its best-known and vouched for superstitions. * * * * * * Not an hour ago I staggered into this room more dead than alive. Now I tell myself how foolish, and worse than foolish, I am, and oh, how bit- terly ashamed. Let me see if I can write down here what really hap- pened. I found Ruth waiting for me. We both wore cloaks, with hoods drawn over our heads. We both carried in our hands a small basket of hemp- seed. Noiselessly we crept out into the gar- den, and up the winding path, and so into the high road, stretching white and clear, under the moonlight, to the town of Penzance. It was quite empty of human figure or living object. "Ruth," I said, "we will walk on, say, twenty paces, then turn, and scat- ter the hempseed behind us." But she objected that we must not be together. So I left her at the twenty paces, and went on further myself for some twenty or thirty more. Just where I paused a group of beech trees, ancient and tall, threw a shadow over the white road. I turned hastily. At the same moment the stillness was broken by the sound of footsteps ap- proaching from behind, and, a voice hailed me. (To be Continued.) Nansen, the Arctic explorer, is now fired with an ambition to try the Ant- arctic regions, and hopes to have an expedition organised and ready to start by 1902. Sir Jung Bahadur, the Prime Minis- ter to the King of Nepaul, has a hat made of diamonds worth over £500,000, and perched on top is a single ruby of incalculable value. It has been found in France that twice as many wives under 20 die in the year as died in the same number of the unmarried. The mortality also of husbands under 20 is excessively high. English starlings are becoming as numer- ous in New York as sparrows. 