THE OLD THIeVs : FATAL! DREAM, : j HAUNTED BY . AH OILSKIN SUIT. The olere-r writer :ortb64£iied of character sketches in the^Wcstmlnaftr Gwette,' who has 11 erected ' Archie S!osst tbo'obtyrous Glasgow burglar, tells In bis moat rccetit article how tie old m&n; was befooled by a dream. He says There is snptlling piety about Arobie. His efforts are leavened with, terrible knowledge, with bitter experience, I ventured to a»k bim about Donny Burns, 11 Ob, ^es, said Arol ie, 44 Danny knows my caret r.. D/taby and me got that seven years I was a |ellin' yon of together. We was both in the same job/' 44 Ob, that's how it was ! What waa tho job Archie ?' 41 Well, we was both down on the kuuckle— stony broke — the drink bad fair got bold of us— tools goue, , clothes gone— we was right on the knuckle. 4 It's a bad lookout, Danny,' says I— wo wns takiu' a ramble down Oxfard^street oue dark night — long ago now— about twelve o'clock, bctb aa dry as a kiln. ?!A-tehie,' says Danny/ see— there's a swell bloke ! ' He'd' just come in theiight of a lamp. ' ' Let's q6p him, Danny,' says I. 1 You got'in/ron^drWnj:— quick. And I'll put the hug on.'* . t ' With atealthly gestures which made my flesh creep, ? Arcbi? played .the- -drain* for me— and put the hug on my humf-le ^ersun. . Two hands ful ct bony Soger* round my. 0 font, head fixed in a fleBhy vice, a gasp, a horriU kgurgle, 'In tho middle ot: the Ponlcvillc-roadrt-l was lifled of all my possesions, and left for dead— so to *peak. 41 Archie ! gently ! ! So that's piUtii g' the hug oo, ia it P Well, I'm glad you've seen tbe errorr of your ways 1111* ' Sixty pound was iu the. pocket-book,' Archie went on, not heeding my exclamations, 44 Sixty pound— but wo never see the colour of it; we both had to fly. Danny darts one nay, I another, and they copped as both. We met in tbe dock, and went to Portland together —seven years for bif(hway robbery with violence. And that were tho last job I done with Danny Burns. But we was soon separated.' 44 Sep arated ! '' ' Ayo— and a very long distance.' 14 Oh I how waa that ? ' 14 By a| dream.' 'And making cur way slowly towards King's Crow, Arcbie related the following incidents to me. heedless of the hum of men, the ibll of traffic. ** When 1 done my solitary confinement they takes meYfE— cheens and ell— to the quarries agin, and pills me in a quiet corner 'Bmoothiri* stones—big atones they was, too, weighed more nor a ton each. They showed me how to do it, and then lei t me to my devices.- ' Well,' says I, 4 Arobie ! this is a nice easy jub as they've gives ye. Easier nor long handed shovels, easier nor picks, and saft r nor wheeling a barrow along a foot plank by a lor-g;ways. Give me terry flimy. - No fear of bretkin' your utck at this lob.' So I giinds away at the stone until [ feels lired, which waa very soon, and theu 1 fits me down to get my wind agin. 44 Hallo ! Arohit, what over's that P ' I cried. I was fair taken aback, for I thought I see the warder bangin' up by a hoik in the tool hut, close to mc. I looks agin— bard. Is it a dead man P ' says 1. Then I burst oot laughing. It was only a suit of oibkinn dryiu', but it give me a bad turn, bein' rajther weak after so much broad and water. But that uight I set 'em ftgin— they comes a walkin' in on nothia', maitio' no noise* an' gleamio' all yellow ia tbe dark— the whole suit o* oilalcins, sou'-wester an' alt; I'm uot a man that's easy akeered, but if ever I was it was then. ' Archie, Archie.' , 1 Good Lord 1 he's a -talking' to me ! ' I cries.. \ sits up in my bed, the sweat pounn' ffi me. - ? '.-Archie, it said agio, * Why don't you put me on and skedaddle P 1 And tbtn it flew out o* tbe winder-bars notwithstanding. When the warder leaves ma to my buoiness ia the morning! I lift*, my lamps., (tny^ eyes, of coorte), aud there ho was haagia' up , from tbe *ook as much like a dead man ai ever. ' You villian 1' cries I , shakin' my fist at him, all my .irons ringing like a blacksmith's atop. 4 What d'ye mean by disturbia'.of a 'aid wUrkin'mau at his rest ? What d'ye mean by it ?? : And* then I stopped as if .1 were froke. 'I will put ye on and skedaddle »! cries I. I should never have thought of it if he hadn't put it into my head. I bears some o' the men titterin'.- '-Why are they laughing p'aays I. But I never* turns my head, though every second I expecks to bear the alarm. But no.— and soon I reaches tbe bridge. 4 Arcbie !' says I. ? Archie— another minute and ye'U be Safe acrost, and hi for sweet liberty !' I steps boldly on to the bridge, aud tramps along towards the sentry, who stood about midway. ^ * Who go- s there ? Halt !' ho cries. * Hullo 1' I says, aad my heart. fair lept to my mouth. . His gun was up and ptntin' at me. ' * Don't Qre, ye fool,' I shouts ; * I'm a free man goio' home to my wife and obilder.' There were lots o' free men workin' about tbe place you kaow. ' Who are ye P' be cries, etandin' close to me in the middle of the road, still aimin', * Don't, I tell ye.' I'm a free man— Arohibald Sloes— goio' homo* to my wife and childer.' 1 was quite angry with him. -, 4 Uoln' borne to;yourwi|e and- children |'r ho ones, claps his band on fiie, j-ulla open* . my yellow coat— and tbeer waimy mce irou bangles and my sheens exposed tq-^yiew. & It was an awful exposure. ' ' * 'Will yo surrender quietly P'-says be, diggin' me with the end of the bayoni't, and *tben ho whistles, aqd in a mibute I : surrounded. Well, it couldn' t be helped ; * but,' s»yb 1 to tbe sentry, 4 why didn't you take my word ?' With that they all begins t» Ijftigh. Ai' Take your word !— word.- of a man what wears a oilskin snit when the - sun's a-sbiuin' ?' And so it was, and I fair gnaabed my teeth to think bow I'd been deceived. 'They march* me to my cell, and all the way I kep1 bangin' tbe oilskin suit about and abusin' it— 4 Why don't yo pat me oo aad ske daddle ? ' Oh-! damn yez, I made up my miad I'd never put trust io a ghost no more— never. I've never believed in 'cm since. Tbe hare. Well,' I knew I was iq for it now. The next day I'm brought before^the Governor, ' aad I'm charged firstly— with stehUn' the oilakiao ; secondly, with tryin' to make my escupe. * Arobie,' says I, * It's like a'Bermon, with its firstly, and its occondl^ — and what'll thirdly bo ? ' I koew. * It's Rliiqui^o-right^sir,' says II * IVo tried and failej. j.'I'll t£y agin, though.1 In a week's time comes £he visiting magis trate. ' Ia. it- true ?j' sayj^he. -* What's the good o' askia' me,' say£ I. ^ You won'c l-elievo me, whatever I say.' , 1 will if . you speak I the truth,' 4 Well, air, it 'a this way — when the Governor geto a lot o' couviotfl and hands ! them over to the warder, it's his business to keep 'em, aia'tit P Aud oo'lhe other hand, it's ! the busiue&a; of tbo convicts— to getaway if they o«o. What do you say, sir ? Now, ain't I telling the truth.' 'Oh!' says the visiting Magis- I Irate, angry like. 4 There^-didn't I say you wouldn't believe me.' I kuowed it.' 1 Did you steal the warder's oitskia* ?'. ' Steal 'em, no. j 1 took tho loan of 'em— thit's all,' * Well, for ^ borroffin'em you shall bokfd a month's bread ; and water, apd twonty-eight more pounds weight of irons— for six mqatbs. - Oh 1. thank ye, | old fellow. Pile it up.' And for attempting to eoeape you shall have, a /warm breakfast to- i morrow noornin'— and flfty lasheo. And you'll I wear the canary jacket.' * Thaak ye. sir, then j I will be a toff. Fancyjme in a oapary jacket. 1 Mind I don't .flap, my wwgs and fly away/;,.. j All that iiiight I saw:-yelIow- agin— only'thU time it won a bird, thelike- o1 which I'd never | seen afore, sitting aalrlde a~oat wi' uine tkils, wbiaziog o'er me. I' tossed and turned,. and! wero tryin' to catch tie thing all nigbb through. 1 ' ! - '' - I was fair tired out in the morning. At half past five tho brll rings, and up I geto, washes mys-*r, cleans my cell, and sits me down. - ?Arohie,' says I, * I wonder if it hurts '—for I'd , never had any before. 4 Well, old man, ye can't grumble, enywityn.. You've' wrought for it,' and it's only your deaeita.' I was a fair* minded mani I'd have made a good judge, I believe, if I'd been properly eddicated. But as tho time went on my back begins to creep badly. 4 Cbeor up, Arobi^' oays I. Aye. I was always a talkin' to mysel'. .I'd no other frieud as cared for me so muoh as Arohie. ' 1 Cheer up— neve ? mind— bear it like a man, aud ye'U have a nice warm breakfas' instead .o' that cold water and dry bread.' And, sure enough, they brirgs me a bowl o' hot cocoa and some bread and butter, i At ten thoy leads me out to execution. Thoy ? strips me to the waist, lashes me to the triangle, aud iu a minute down comes number oae,4 Very warmin',' says I. 4 Knives ! ' says I to number I two. But tbey couldn't get a yell out o' me. | With number three oomes blood. But they never got more nor a groau out o' my poor body. No, When it was over and I'd bad my fifty, they takes me to my cell, washes my back aud drerses it with hog's lard, * Oh( Paradise ! ' cries I. ' ♦ But I was worse nor I thought. 4 Take him to ths b( Rpitu),' sa-s the docttr, in tbe afternoon. ? * Oh ! you fooliuh man,' he s*ys. 4 Why don't you behave yourself/ 1 Bohavo myaolf 1 Para dise ! ' I murmurs. I could scarcely reatmin my joy 4 Paradise ! ' I had chopc, beef tea, arrowroot, rice puddeo, pofcatya. I lies soft and warm. 1 gets lots o' baccy. Lots o' talk. And nothing to do. Behave myst If ! I lived like a proper Dook for five weeks— and on the sixth Monday my name was read out to go to Australy as a desperate character. Me ! a de.sporale character. I was like a lamb. And that's how me and Danny Burns got separated— all along of a dream.' 