HAPtë VOlt HOG.H. HAVI.NO Hoon Pivnrf KHHOX rapo rocoramond od for a hog pasturo I decided to try it on ii two-auro lot whoro tho hint your's wooding ot clover was oritiroly killed out by tho wintor, ? nays a correspondent of ' AVallaco's J?nr mur,' Amoriea. This ground was so wot all spring Umt,r couldn't get it ploughed until about tho last days nf Juno. Tho hogs had had tho run of it and it was tramped vory solid and lumpy, but a timely showor en abled UH to got it protty.woll pnlvorizod and on tho sixth day of July wo sowod about thruo and a half pounds per 'nero. TJuV ground was vory rich, having boon lioavily immured rccontly and getting sovoral loads to tho nero just before ploughing. Tlio Bood cumo up <iuielcly and produeoöt. a wonderful growth, and ito days aftor Bow ing, tho plant« woro from six to sixtoon in high, and growing rapidly, malting an im monso amount of food. .Wo turnod in t'io hogs, about -IO spring" shoats and 20 old hogs. Thoy broko down and wasted lots of it, as tho leaves of tho Ílian ls uro HO teador and succulent that thoy irenic oil at u touch, but it carno right on again from tho stalle. Tho hogs scorn very contented in it and do not need half tho corn and attention thoy did when they had to bo coufinod to baro lots. To e. -> such a mass of rich, succulent vogotation grown in ?» littto moro than four ?weeks seems Uko magic, and what a contrast between this lot and some of tho barron onos.T haro soon. ' To grow thin now crop, noto its characteris tics and rapid growth, ami soo tho hogs jostling each, other at tho gato in tho morn ing-ouch trying, to secure tho yantngo. point and bo first ut tho -gato-has boon. a.:. involution and'a ploosuro to mo. (Inut Cresiir's Ghost ! poor wasted frnme, " That ono« full vigor did possess. . ; Can't bo a limn iii else but name, His cough lins brought him such distress.'-'- ; The utidertalifr Hiiiili-s to think ,. v-! " Nn.tt winter's cold he'll not endure," * Oh I no'crwiy iii«, but take a drinlc ''""'-.. ~ Of >V. K. Woods' Great Peppunniut Cure. The rich and ixjor i».r«- I r<" rf'1 . with respect und catered for perfectly at Frimer & Coy's. 