(Smmm. Preached at opening of General Si/nod by the Lord Bishop of Melbourne. ' Endeavouring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.' — Ei'iiEa. iv. 3. A recent writer, commenting upon the life and letters of St. Paul, calls him an ecclesiastical statesman. For, as the true statesman aims at maintaining unity among the people whom he endeavours to guide, and seeks to turn everyone to good feeling and friendship, so did St. Paul strive to form a sense of Catholic unity among the Jewish and Gentile believers, and generally among the members of ?f.Vinao ftlmrnlioc f.n wVirmi Viic 'Plrnc-floc aro n.rlrJraacprl . rPllA T?iTllsf.m to the Ephesians presents a remarkable example of this statesmanlike faculty. For whereas in other epistles,, as in those to the Bomans and Galatians, the Apostle writes of Churches as of local organisa tions, in the Epistle to the Ephesians he uses the word ecelesia nine times, but always in the singular number. ' The Church' in this epistle always signifies not any congregation, but the Church universal. St. Paul may be regarded as the chief apostolic authority touching the unity of the Church. An able writer thus sums up the evidence which the Pauline Epistles supply as to this unity: — ' It comes from above, from the one Father ; it is mediated from the one Word, given to be its Head; it is the unity of the animating Spirit of God; it is analogous to the unity of the race of Israel, or to the Eoman Empire ; but it embraces all races, and gives them spiritual peace. On the other hand, from below it is realised in experience, in a common sense of salvation from sin, in common suffering, in common doctrines and customs, in mutual deeds of charity, in respect for the work of others, in a common literature, and in a common spirit of toleration, subordination, forbearance, and love.' But St. Paul was more than a statesman : he was an inspired Apostle of the Lord Jesus Christ, who, in the Holy of Holies of the four Gospels, the 17th chapter of St. John, is recorded to have lifted up his eyes to heaven and said, ' Father, I pray for them who shall believe on Me through the word of the men whom Thou gavest Me out of the world, that they all may be one ; as Thou, Father, art in Me and I in Thee, that they also may be one in Us ; that the world may believe that Thou hast sent Me.' This grand prayer for the Unity of the Church was quickly followed by the Lord's Passion, Death, Burial, Eesur rection, and Ascension into heaven. Then came the day of Pentecost, rendered memorable for evermore . by the outpouring of the Holy Ghost upon the Church. St. Paul, writing to the Christians in Ephesus 30 years after that event, exhorts them to endeavour to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace. ' The unity of the Spirit' signifies the unity imparted by the indwelling of the Holy Spirit. We cannot create it ; we may gaze upon it as a bright and beautiful ideal, but the Holy Ghost alone can impart it. But now that this heavenly gift has been bestowed, a great responsibility rests upon the Church. Her duty is to endeavour to keep the unity of the Spirit — that is, to cherish, guard, and encourage it in every possible way. But St. Paul implies here that this cannot be done without effort and difficulty. He recognises the necessity of taking pains to keep the unity of the Spirit, and we learn from his letter to the Galatian Church, and also from the fifteenth chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, how soon the unity of the Church was threatened by the controversy between the Jewish and the Gentile believers as to the necessity of circumcision. Let me mention some of the difficulties which stand in the way of keeping the unity of the Spirit. (1) Early associations. How common is the case (thank God for it!) of one who has been religiously brought up under the fostering care of parents who have formed his religious character. They have taught him not only the fundamental facts and doctrines of the Christian religion as formu lated. in the Creeds, but also the application of those doctrines to individual experience. Beverence for Scripture, combined with undoubting acceptance of the interpretation of it presented to him by his elders, dominates his religious belief. In due time he goes out into the world, and is introduced into a circle of acquaintances whose opinions, held with equal conscientiousness and tenacity, have been cast in another mould. Here comes the difficulty hinted at in the text. He is not called to give up his own views of Divine truth, but he is called so to hold them, so to state them, so to enforce them, as. not to cause needless irritation to others. He is called generously to recognise what is good in fellow- Christians who have been otherwise trained, and to emphasise points of agreement rather than points of divergence. Thus he will endeavour to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. But this cannot be done without effort. For there are some who have so carefully constructed their own scheme of Christian doctrine that the removal or modification of one parti cular of it seems to them to endanger the whole structure. ^ ^ (2) Another hindrance to unity is the action of the ecclesiastical press. We are well aware of the value and importance of the Church press, when conducted in a charitable and moderate spirit. But sometimes, and especially in the correspondence columns, and under the veil of anonymity, the law of charity is grievously transgressed, unworthy motives are attributed to individuals, the embers of discord are fanned into a flame, and even the sneer, which is the most exasperating of all forms of antagonism, is freely indulged in. My brethren, these things ought riot so to be ; while they exist, they constitute a serious hindrance to carrying out the injunctions of my text. (3) .Let me mention one more hindrance. We sometimes observe a title given exclusively to one section of Churchmen, which may fairly be claimed by all. Take the title 'Catholic.' This is the historic designation of the Universal Church ; but there are certain members of the Church of England who arrogate it to themselves arid the school to which they belong ; whereas it is clear that all communicant members of the Church, who publicly declare every Sunday of their lives 'I believe in the Holy Catholic Church,' have a right to that title. Take, again, a still more primitive title. In the earliest of all Church histories we read that ' the disciples were called Christians first at Antioch.' Now this designation is necessary in order to distin guish those who believe in Jesus Christ, the Son of God. But to confine this sacred title to a particular section of the Church, who hold certain tenets, and are in possession of some special experience, and adopt a particular phraseology, surely this cannot conduce to Christian unity. We see, therefore, that serious hindrances and difficulties beset us when we would keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace ; all the more earnestly must we endeavour to keep it. How can we best set about this holy task ? (1) By making it the subject of earnest prayer to God. Again let me refer to the Lord's intercession in John xvii., where He teaches that the grand moral spectacle of the unity of His disciples shall produce upon the world (the whole mass of men alienated from God) a persuasion of His divine mission — 'that the world may believe that Thou didst send Me.' And as this persuasion is to be produced upon the world, the unity for which our Lord here prayed must needs have some external expression that it may affect those that are without. Oh ! then, let us pray for this, both secretly and together as occasion may serve. What prayers can be so acceptable to God ? Among the choice treasures of devotion contained in our Book of Common Prayer, there is perhaps none more precious, more scriptural, more radiant in the beauty of holiness than the Prayer for Unity, introduced into the Accession Service in 1715. I believe that 'the unity of the Spirit' for which we yearn is primarily an atmosphere to be breathed. It is the province of the Holy Ghost to breathe into the Church this atmosphere of holy love. And while we pray for a more copious outpouring of 'that most excellent gift of charity, the very bond of peace and of all virtues,' let us endeavour to 'follow after the things which make for peace.' As we follow the course of Church history, we find a growing desire in some quarters to secure unity by a universal recognition of one visible Head of the Church throughout the world. Archbishop Benson, in his Life and Times of Cyprian, has reminded us of the unjustifiable forgery by which it was attempted to represent Cyprian as an advocate of such unity. The Archbishop gives the text of the interpolated passage in Cyprian's treatise de Unitate, as given in the edition of Paulus Manutius, a.d. 1563, and then adds, ' The indict ment we prefer is that every italicised word is a forgery; and a forgery deliberately, for three centuries past, forced, in the teeth of evidence, upon editors and printers.' But, notwithstanding the difficulties in which we find ourselves involved, the moment we attempt to suggest in what manner and by what means the unity of the Church may be effected, we must not allow such difficulties to turn our thoughts away from the subject as being hopeless and impracticable. To act thus would be to ignore, as we have seen, much of the holiest and most exalted teaching of the New Testament. It would be to cultivate in our own minds a disregard of that which lay very near to the heart of our divine Lord. It would be to render ourselves incapable of discerning the signs of the times, and of recognising the speedy approach of the One Lord whose coming shall be hailed by His people with the glad song, ' This is our God ; we have waited for Him and He will save us. This is the Lord ; we have waited for Him ; we will be glad and rejoice in His salvation.' Meanwhile, the large gatherings and the enthusiastic spirit which pervaded the Missionary Jubilee of last week may well fill our hearts with gratitude to God, who 'maketh men to be of one mind in a house.' Churchmen of various ecclesiastical views and opinions dwelt together in unity, animated by the common desire to spread abroad the Gospel of Christ throughout the world. It may have been intended in the good providence of God to teach us this lesson, that the unity which we long for is more likely to be attained by joining together in a grand Christian enterprise such as 2nissions to the heathen, than by approaching the subject of union in a more direct method. In conclusion : Our blessed Lord in His intercessory prayer looked forward with expectation and hope to a period when the world should believe and know that the Father had sent His Son. Ages have passed. But, notwithstanding, the world does not yet believe and know that the Father sent the Son. Why is this ? There may be reasons for it which are not made known to the Church. But one reason there is which Christ seems to hint at not obscurely, when He prays that His disciples might be one, in order that the world might believe. The world's unbelief is caused by the disunion of the Church ; and when, by the mighty power of the Holy Spirit, the scattered members of the Body of Christ shall be drawn together in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, such a spectacle will impress the world. The divine mission of the Son of God will be seen clothed with a brightness and a glory unknown before ; the world will believe, the world will know, that He who was despised and rejected of men, is indeed the Christ, the Saviour of the world. God grant that the gatherings of the past week, so hallowed, so united, so marked by the unction of the Holy One, may hasten this blessed consummation. The difficulties which beset the subject are, indeed, great, and some may think them insuperable. But it may be that, in answer to the devout prayers of the Church, God may send forth His light and His truth in an unexpected manner, and that His ? people shall joyfully exclaim, 'Not by might, not by power, but by My Spirit, saith the Lord.' 