THE. MESMERIST'S CRIME. fnuttro n shWiax abrahobiisnt. __ ? _ ; 13y 33. & Tiarjeon, mifumn»Mmitf*rt,'/imimitmtmmimtrrmttttrmtMm fr«-ta*f 'Tk« Qntt SortM flqott* MjWray.' 'Srif,' 'The Stend Vncmt' 'lllriam Sowlli,' »,_ Jtfr tam*' 'iIJie fioUcn XmV* \- ' 'The Betayil of Jekn Ferfhim,' *t., to. COfTBIGHT. I ,_ ,!?»»—«» nn in I CHAPTER XI.— fCtoKfaw*) 'It is comparatively harmless,' he said, ' when takeu as I direct, though its habitual me wonld oertainly lead to injurious results.' ' A remark whioh applies to all narcotics,' ?aidJKnbray. 'That is bo, bot in ibis drun there is (pedal danger. Use It only when there is imperative need for it, and keep it looked away, ao that it shall not fall into the hands of any other person than yourself. Its nature it absolutely deadly, and only tha Bmallest dole oau be taken with safety.' ' I will keep it in a secret drawer in this studio, said Maubray, 'which no one can open but myself. Then (here is another safe guard in the label. ' Deadly Poison ' which yon bare properly affixed to the wrapper.' This conversation was taking place in the Earned Tower, and Haubray showed Dr. W«ber the secret drawer in which he deposited the powder. * ' What wonld be the effect of a double dose F' -Dr. Weber looked at him apprehensively. ' Do not be alarmed, I have no intention of mis-using it. The crisis is past and my mind is reeoverine its balance. In proof of which I have resolved to paint a new Marguerite, and am already eager to commence.' I have even selected my model, and have my canvas ready.' 'That will be better than any medicine I can administer,' said Dr. Weber, hailing with delight this healthy symptom. 'Who is your model P' ' Her name is Frida ; the daughter of a workman in the quarries. I was sitting at my window here, and ehe passed along the road. Beholding her, I was irresistibly re minded of Marguerite, and, as usual with all crazy enthusiasts was eager to set to work immediately. She oomes to-morrow morn ing.' Ho spoke with animation, and Dr. Weber oaw before him the old Maubray he bad wished to see. Maubray returned to the theme oE the drag. 'What wonld be the effect if a double dose were taken P' ' A man in perfect health would sleep for three or four days. One in feeble health might never awake.' .... 'Andatrebledosef' 'Would he fatal.!' ? 'Instantly fatal!1' .' ' ? ? 'No. Within the hour, I should think, In a dose eo large there would be a curious variation. Instead of sending the man to deep, it would keep him awake, till death supervened.' ' A death of suffering ?' 'A perfectly painless death.' ' Would he lose the use of bis faculties?' 'He would retain them to the last.' 'Then the death trance,' said Maubray, thoughtfully. 'It is fortunate that the ?eoret of this drug is known to Tew.' 'I believe it to bo known only to myself,' said Dr. Weber. 'My discovery of its effect was accidental. In its natural state it is comparatively harmless ; I prepare it in a certain war, and that is my secret. Only to' yon would I intrust so lares a quantity. r-rawUl*e«refolTirit,-MHuWyt' 'Trust me. I will not mis-use it.' Here the conversation ended, and next day Manbray began work on hw famous picture of Marguerite. The image of Gabriefle was still in his mind, and he thought' of her con stantly, but the sharp pang inflioted by her death had passed away, and in its place reigned a sad and tender memory. In their conversations Dr. Weber referred frequently to Valerie, and Maubray wrote to her now more regularly and at greater length. Gradually and Burely he re frained his usual serenity, and con templated recalling his daughter hone at no distant date. Events hastened the fulfil ment of this intention. Madame Hartmann's husband died and she was left a childless widow. Maubray seized the opportunity. He sent for Valerie, and invited his sister to take up her abode with him. She joyfully consented, and presently domestic happiness once more reigned in the artist's home. No. shadow fell upon the peace of -!row's Nest until Maubray intercepted (he letter which Professor Fleury had sent to his daughter. Two months had passed since then, and all the efforts made by Maubray to discover the writer had failed. The picture of Gabrielle which he had painted hung upon the wall nf his studio in the Bnined Tower. CHAPTER XII. A bracelet and some old lace from Madame Hartmann, ' With loving felicitations to my dear niece Valerie'; a dainty watch, exquisitely enamelled, from Dr. Weber, * ' 'With affectionate wishes from an old friend'; asetof flower vases from the servants in Crow's Nest, ' With dutiful respects to oar young mistress ' ; a fan, upon eaoh leaf of which was an allegory, a poetical fancy, or a scene from nature, painted by Bernard . Maubray, 'To Valerie, with her father's love ' ; a bouquet of white and red roses tied with a ribbon on which was inscribed, 'From Haurice to Valerie' ; these, with flowers and remembrances from humbler friends by whom she was loved, lay about the room, and on the table by which Valerie wan sitting on her twenty-third birthday. It was noon of a beautiful day in June, and all things contributed to the young girl's happi ness ; the soft breeze, the dreamy clouds, the rustling of the leaves, were in harmony with Valerie's mood. Uneventful as her life appeared to have Veen, she had passed throngh a storm haraer to bear because, like a mother protecting her young, she had taken its full force upon her shoulders ; but this heart-trial was over, and peace held out his arms to her. She gazed at the gifts, and, moving about the room, handled them gratefully and tenderly; in the dumb memorials there was a spiritual life whioli spoke to her in loving aooeqfs, glorify ing- her nntal day with affection worthily won and richly deserved. Gentle and sweet to all who time in contact with her, recognising no differences in social rank an a claim upon the measure of her regard, no less merciful to the poor than to Iho rich, it would have been strange indeed had she failed to win affection, for though thore is muoh that is mean aud time-serving in the world, there are beneath this sordid crust sterling qualitieswhich ring true when brought within theirifluenc* of such unselfish kindness, sh Valerie nhowed -o high and low alike. The Kifte by which she was surrounded were proofs of this. They wore the unsought re ward of the efforts of an unselfish nature ; they spoke of the past and the present, and the bouquet of roses, emblem nf the future, ?ang its silent song of love. Sinking into a ehsir, she . raised the flowers to her lips aad kiawid thoni, ami with her closed eyes resting lightly on the leaves siw visions which stirred ?ereoul with a paored joy. This was the (piinglime of her Iifo ; the promise of summer fas smiling upon her. There had been dark lays in the past, days of sorrow and anguish n which she had watched the fading of a life sear to her and most dear to her father, days tjnUghtened by a word of sympathy, and for fame time thereafter she had not known Ki ; bot oa thii happy day these griefl htgoUm hi the reverie into which eht had fallen, wherein was depicted in glowing colours the realisation of a maiden's sweetest hopes. Bernard Haubray entered the room while ehe was thus engaged, and so absorbed was she. that she was not aware of his presence. He stood regarding her with a tender smile, divining her thoughts, and sympathetically recalling the time when he himself indulged in dreams suoh as this dear child of bis heart was dreaming. . His love for Valerie's mother and for Gabriollo bad not faded from his memory, but had merged itself into love for the one being of his blood who was left to him — a lore as absorbing as that which the young girl entertained far Maurice. 'Thus did I once dream,' he thought. ' Hay she be spared the shadows which fell upon ray life !' Presently he laid, his hand upon bur shoulder, and she opened her eyes and blushed; but she did not lay the flowers aside. He had come from bis studio in the Rained Tower, where, with Frida for model, he had been engaged since breakfast on his new picture of Undine. His first words were of Frida. ' I have given her an hour's rest,' he said. ' If we overtire our models something is lost which it ib hard to regain. Frida is a trea sure; her capacity for expression is extra ordinary. These outwardly placid persons have strong hidden currents in them which opportunity brings to the surface.' ' Then you have done well this morning P' said Valerie, slipping her hand into his as he took his seat at her side. 'Does the artist ever do well P.' here joined. 'Is he ever satisfied P He dreams of an ideal and paints it in fairy colours ; he muses, he exults, he stands before his canvas and commences with fervour. To the world he says, under his breath, ? I will show you a great work,' and to-day, when he examines the labours of yesterday, he doubts, he trembles, he sits in scornful judgment upon hh masterpiece, -which he finoB after all but a bundling piece of work. Well for him that his vain boast was not heard.' ' But it is always so with the artist,' eaid Valerie, kissing his hand. ' Tec, it is always so with him. The per formance never realises the dream. Then is he haunted by mocking ghosts, then is he tortured by fears of failure. Down from the heights he topples in his own esteem, and finds himself bat common clay. It is the just fate of the pigmy who in a fine frenzy believed himself a giant.' 'Maurioe says that is Uio true artistio feeling. We are not competent to judge ourselves.' 'Are we not indeed P' he said affec tionately. ' So Maurice has been luring you into conversations upon art for the purpose of airing his views. It is always what Maurice says — Maurioe the invincible, the infallible, who issnes his ultimatum and'dares us to question it. Pray, who constituted him the judge P What credentials has heF' In what school has he learned to correctly gauge the artistic sense, the artistic performance P How easy it is to he a critio ! Boys fresh from school presume to mar or make reputa tions, presume to say, 'Well done,' or stroking their beardless chins suggest improvements in shadow and outline. This is the world as it is to-day. I was not aware that Maurioe was a painter, Valerie.' 'No father,' paid Valerie, 'Maurice is not a painter but ? ' 'I will have no 'buts.' Do you not see that I am terribly in earnest P Is this great critic a painter?' ^'No, father.' ' I thought as much. What is he, then P' 'Hois ? he is Maurice,' she said, with a smile. 'Now, where shall I find an argument to meet that lucid description of Maurice? It is unanswerable— eh ?' He took the bouquet from her hand. ' He sent you these flowers —I see the snake in the grass— his card — and on it, ? From Maurice.' Islhere magic in these simple words? ? From Maurice !' Ah, well, I must confess, I suppose. I had a let ter from Maurice this morning, and I won dered at his reason for writing to'me.' She looked up shyly, lovingly, smilingly. ' Traitor ! Tou knew he had written f ' 'res.' ' He wishes to speak to me upon a matter whioh he declares is vital. Valerie, assist me ; we will enter into a conspiracy to defeat him. What is this vital matter he wishes to disenss f ' ' Father !' * 'Yes, ohild.' . *' ' What will you say to ITaurloe ?' ' What would you wish me to say to him P I am open to reason, Valerie.' She put her arms round his neck, and bid her face on his breast. ' Whioh means that I must receive him courteously. I promise that. It is his doe — I acknowledge it. He is a man of honour, of good family, an honest, earnert gentleman. What more can a father desire when the happiness of a dear child is at stake t Is that, indeed, so, Valerie P' ' Yes, father.' ' You love him P' ' Devotedly. I would die for him, and be for me.' \- 'Yet I am hound to consider that he comes to rob me of a treasure more precious to me than life itself. What can I do to protect myself ? Forbid him the house f Sit spies upon the public road to warn mo of bis approach P' She smiled, having no fear ; it was sweet to listen to this pretence of disapproval, knowing, as she did, that there was no sacrifice he was not ready to make to ensure her happiness. 'These imperious lovers,' ho continued, ' after insidiously undermining the strong hold, present themselves as conquerors. Alexander himself could not be more com* manding. So confident are they th«t tiny do not even draw their swords, but rushing upon you, cry *Viotory,' and order you to sur render. And we do it. What other course ib open to us when the dear traitor in our house has stolen our arms end opened tile gates to the invader F' His assumption of light humour, under whioh ho nought to con ceal his emotion, failed him hero, and be folded Valerie in his arras. ' You will not lose mo, father. You will gain another child. Maurioe has no pareute, and he loves and honours you. I should not bo your daughter if I proved ungrateful for all your goodness to me. Wo have hidden nothing from you. I think you roust have seen ? ' 'Yes, I hare seen, and I am afraid encouraged. What docs your auut say of Maurioe?' ' She holds him in the highest esteem.' ' And so do I. I have studied him, and I believe him to be a good man. If I did not I would not give you to him. Dear child, be happy.' lie embraced her tenderly, and Wt her to meet Maurice Godefroy, whom ho !*.-» vik ing the lawn. CHAPTER XIII. GmttngB exchanged, Bernard Maunray led the young lawyer to his studio in the Rained Tower ; a proceeding of good auirury, far Valeria'* lsrer knew that non* bat tha arUH's mart raamaU'trlenoU wan ?flmitKI then. Maurioe was not a native of -Bets; he was bom and brought up in Pans, and upon ita «dviae of friends had nelected the Swiss city as a promising field for the, exercise of his prof ossfon. He had had an uphill fight, and it was only after come yearn of struggle that be had euooeedoa in planting his -foot firmly on t~* ladder. - Through the frinndlyVimoe* of Dr Weber, whose Mod favour lie had won, a oomplioaten mm Imsttiugwitli difficulties had been placed In his hands. Failure was prediotedhy*ll tile legal luminaries ot Bern, and Maurioe ' felt that failure meant more to him tt»n tin mere loBing of iho case. He had seen Valerie and loved her, but Dr, Weber alone was in the secret of his attachment to Bernard Maubrsy's daughter. ' Ton frill not be in « position to present yourself as her lover,' said (he kind doctor to the ambition* young man, 'until yon have made a name for yourself. Now prove the mettle you art made of. Here is a case which' ninety-nine lawyers out of a hundred would lose. Win it, and win Hademoimlle Valerie.' No greater incentive could be given. Day and night were devoted by tie young advocate tt the study of the oasfl. Mid in the teeth ol immense odds and with a formidable array ol illustrious counsel against him, he had con ducted it to a triumphant issue. Talented, ambitious, and full of enthusiasm, he fell himself now justified in proffering his swY for Valerie's hand, and it was for this pur pose he bad written to Bernard Maubray foi an Interview on her birthday. Introduced to the family by Dr. Weber hi soon became a favourite in Crow's Nest, and the progress of the love affair wai watched by Bernard Maubray with silent 'approval. But prepared ashe was foritenatura! developmeiit it was not without a pang tbal he contemplated surrendering his daughter to another man's care. The last few months ol ?close association with her had proved to him that she was worthy of the best he had to bestow. He was one of those men tt whom the bestowal of love brings the sweetest pleasures, and in common with all nobW natures he found it a greater blessing to give than to receive. The Borrows of bis past Ufa were chastened ; he did not, he could not, forget, but the violenoe of his grief had passed away. To this happier frame oftnind Valerk had largely contributed. Considerate and thoughtful to an unusual degree in a young girl, ehe had so ministered to him as to revive all that was best in bis nature, and at the same time to implant in his heart a boundlesi love for her. There was in this a possible danger — a danger that, under certain not impossible conditions, it might lead to violent extremes. Had this been pointed out to him he would have listened with incredulous ears, bat it was none the less true that he had become morbidly nervous for her safety. The growth of this feeling commenced upon the receipt of the letter which had been addressed to her by an anonymous correspondent. He would' wake up in the middle of the night with the ' thought in his mind, ' Is Valerie safe P' 'and he would steal from his room to listen at her door, and to walk softly through the bouse and often into the grounds in search of some hidden enemy. Tender and strong-minded as he was, there came into play a quality of intensity whioh caused him to insensibly magnify every incident or ciroumstance in relation to her. Given a knowledge or suspicion that her happiness was in peril, and that an enemy was really watching his oppor tunity to do her an ill turn, he would have so brooded upon it that it was likely the even balance of his brain would be disturbed and hie usually clear judgment clouded. This partiality and disposition to morbid inclining sprang entirely from his personal affections ; in all other matters he was impartial eat unbiassed. On two occasions a singular occurrence ha4 puzzled him. On the first occasion he was sitting nf late, when all in the house bad retired to rest. Fancying he heard a sound without, he went into the grounds to ascertain the cause. He saw nothing, and heard nothing more to warrant the fancy, bnt be brooded upon it, and he did not go to bed till past midnight. The next flay, as he was passing into -the jnjhlia road through the front gate, be saw npon tha ground a email gold pencil, of which he recol* leoted having made free nee before he went ta his bedroom. Of this be was convinced, acd he oonld not understand how it could hava found its way to the spot npon which ba found it. On the second occasion the introductory circumstances were of a similar nature. Agaia) he was sitting uplate when the members of bia household were in their beds. Again ba fancied he beard a sound outside the house. He stole to Valerie's door and heard her Foft breathing. 8he slept with her door unlocked, and with a night-light bunt ing. Softly opening the door, be saw thril ehe was slumbering peacefully. Again ba went out, and conld discover no cause for th# fancy. It was raining, and there was mud on the paths. He recollected, or 'thought ha recollected, that upon hiB return to the hom» he had exchanged his mnddy shoes for a pan of slippers. Again he retired to rest after mid night. The next morning he noticed that the slippers he had worn, and which now lav on the bedroom floor, were covered with mud. He asked himself how the mud could ha** got upon them, nnd he searched his memory whether he hud worn them before he went into the grounds. After a period of reflection he decided that his memory must be at fault, and that they must have been on his test when he walked through the grounds. H« made no mention of these incidents, and, n« further alarm occurring, he ceased to tronbls hinirelf about them. Qlosered now with Maurice, the young man explained the purport of his viBit^ and in modest and well-chosen words solicited Maubray 'e consent to his suit with Valerie. ' Certain worldly questions must be asked aad (revered before I can give you a reply,' said Hanbray. 'There is a material side ta this matter. What can yon offer n-r daughter ? ' , 'An honoured name, sir, and the prospect 'of a prosperous future, which it is mr deanat hope she will share.' ' Nothing more f' ' A love ss devoted as it is m Ae aataat ml man to feel.' 'It should count for much,' said Beraaal Maubray. ' It is a sacred charge you a&kaf; me.' 'I will Wd it ?». To make her haaay shall be the object of my life.' There was a pause before Bernard Maubrsj spoke again, it was a promiso he himseB had made in years go— « by, and whM with all his earnestness he had endeavoaval to fulfil. 'Alto year present means P' 'They are not Urge. loan inttlntaha bnae in fair comfort. Our state will not to luxurious, but there is the future.' ' Yes, (hero is always the future. 4. nature such as Valerie's can be happy with* out luxury.' ?'Then you consent, sir?' said Maurioe. 'Not yet,' replied Maubray. smiling si the young man's cagarness. ' Youth is 8an (mine and impetuous. Before money, before love even, stand honour and integrity, t da not say it of you, nnr do I atspect it, or w* should not now be discunsinira matter dear ta me as to you, but tlu're are men who offer a mnidcii the slale^ees of a life of disrepute, who hold what I deem saorcd in small esreEtat, Such unions breed misery. They may bring a MTOss pleasure to ibe husband, but tha» bring a moral death to the wife. In suoh osmj marriage is not a blessing, but a curse. ' ' I entirely ajrree with you, sir.' 'Toll me soir.elliing of your pats, Maurice.' (TO BK OO-VMNUKD.] MC-| Jfm. Dix : ' Isn't your mother very glol you have recovered from the wbo»;ii«i£ cough f' Dick: ' I dcvi't believe su, ma'unH you can't think how it arerfsd the baby.' Onload John Morgan, I3u JTsyor of JSrecca* recently signified bis iutar/tlon of laying down at Ma own cost plant Mr t&e; electric lightinf of the town. It ia esttaiCfed that thia «3 praetfeaUr mean a ggSt itfi&im;* _ rm, 