CHINESE MISSIONS. In a discourse on China at the Port Con-, gresatronal Church *on Sunday evening the Kev. J. C. Kirby observed that the Chinese ori-rina_v came from the southi of the Cas pian aea, between tour ana nve tnousana years ago. Being an absorbent nationality, like the Russians, they have absorbed the aboriginal tribes of; China. He dwelt upon the durability and virility of the Chinese nation, which he attributed to their re spect lor parents, the universality of mono gamous marriage, their respect for the mar riage covenant, and the sexual moderation of the mass of the Chinese fanners, united to their intense industry and obedience to their laws. He pointed out the intense literary character of the Chinese, and how entrance to and rise in the public service constantly depended on passing literary ex aminations. The Chinese i-ower of acqui sition is such that in European Universi ties they have shown themselves equal to. the best students. But they show no ten dency to speculation or to advance the realms of knowledge. Down to the minutest points, the private and public life of the Chinese is governed by the ancient books and by prescription. The great but^ hum drum Confucius impressed upon China _a prosaic system of morals, which ignore poetry, speculation, imagination, and reli gion. But, prosaic as the Chinese are, the nation couid not endure to limit itself to such, humdrum, and felt after communica tion with the superhuman and eternal world. So Tanisa and Buddhism have been widely accepted. The Chinese profess two religions at once, and the moral system of -Confucius, which is opposed to both the religions in principle, an'd also he believes in. luck, ghosts, and fate. The experience cf China in relation to Confucius and mora lity demonstrates that nations will not content themselves' with secular mora lity, and that there is in man aa undying aspiration towards the divine such as Christ and tie gospel alone can satisfy. The Chinese, by an experiment of two thousand years, have demonstrated' the absurdity of secularism. The Roman Catho lics have had missions in. China for more than 200 years, and at times have met aloody persecution. Protestant missions began practically about 50 years ago. Dr. Morrison, of L.M.S., had done ' necessary prelimiDary work, had created a Cbinese Engl_h. dictionary, and had translated the Bibie. Now all the Protestant Churches of Great Britain, the United States, Germany, Scandinavia, Canada, and France have mis sions. Hudson Taylor states that there are 100,000 Chinese Protestant communicants. There is at least the same num ber of adherents in addition, and 40,000 children in the schools, so in all there are about a quarter of a million of Protestant Christians in China, and all these, as well as a larger number of Roman Catholics and Greek Christians, are exposed at this time to persecution, torture, and death. Many of them bave been kiEed by the Boxers. The combined Protestant Churches spend about £3S0,000 a year on Chinese missions. Within a cen tury there will be 600 millions of Chinese, If Protestants do not mission them the Rus sians will, and bring them into ihe Greek Church under the Czar, and the Roman Catholics will mission them for the Pone. rrotestants must do their utmost to Chns fciajazeChinsl.inorderfto preserve liberty, a_d to forward 'the true progress of the world. The effects of the missions have been great; Jiey have diffused large measures of Euro pean knowledge, and has distributed the Bible, the supreme book of the world. The result in conjunction with the operations of the telegraph, the steamship, and the rail pray has been to shake the' authority of the aid system of Chinese belief and life in the nimte of myriads. Hence the conservatives sf China have felt aad do feel intense intagonism to all missions and all Euro peans, which together number some 9,000 Dr 10,000 persons. The lives of all these Europeans are, therefore, now in great peril, and many must have perished. The eader in reaction is the present Empress Dowager, the de facto ruler of China. Early in the seventies she brought about the massacre of the French Roman Catholic missionaries and nuns and Consul at Tient sin. However, this is the final kick of old China against the pricks. All the people of the Western, which k the Christian, civilization are combined to bring the Chinese to order, and to oblige them to give free course alike to the religion, the science, the agriculture, the mining, and governmental ideas of Europe, Again, as in all ages, Christ will conquer. 