BEHIND A VEIL. BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON. "No, sir, not Count Kornis' namo!" cried Jenny. Some bad no name in them, and no doubt they were lite, but tbo most bad come to tho Count from Prince Faleonberg, bis cousin and great friend. On the table was a notebook, almost filled with writing in the Prince's hand, which I bavc seen more than once, and could not mistake, as it Is very peculiar. It was all in German, and I couldn't make out much; but there was something about experiments with bacteria — and oven I know what 'bacteria' is, for I do read tbo newspapers. I saw a lot about 'typholdul bacteria,' and ouo of tbo queer glass things on tho tablo was labelled so. "I'd havo taken the notebook away if I dared. I don't moan that I would have been afraid to do It, for mysolf. I wouldn't havo felt afraid of anything that might havo helped my dear little mistress. But Count von Kornis was coming to Kapsbprg in a week with some men, frlendB of his, and I thought, if ho ca.mo into this pace and discovered that something so valuable was gone, ho'd guess at onco that he was watched, and bo on his guard. As It was, ho wouldn't dream that anybody was on the track of his se crets, and he'd foel safe, as he evidently had be fore, that his things were in tho securest hiding- placo possible. "Besides, It would he far better if I could escape and toll what I had seen; then take someono to tho cupboard In the wall, and show all the proofs, Just as I had found them." "Proofs of what, Jenny?" asked Trlelram, won dering if her thoughts and ills wcro turning in the sorao direction. "Why, sir, I remembered tho different Bick- n esses that had caused the death of 'Bluebeard's' three wives; and on the table were signs that he'd boon cultivating bacteria tor tho making of ovory one. There was even some vlruo of hydrophobia — a horrid idea, hut I couldn't help Its eomlug Into my head, and there it's boon ever since. Be sides, tho Prince's books about doctoring, and his notes, set me thinking about a different branch of tho samo thing, Mr. Tristram. He's such a groat friond of the Count's, you know, and there's nothing tho Count asks of him, apparently, that ho won't try to do. Of course, there's always a Sot of talk In the servants' hall, especially where tho master and mistress aron't liked. 1 used lo hear a good deal of that sort of thing lu Vienna, at tho Prince's house. They used lo wonder what tho tlo between their master and his cousin could be — ior it wasn't only kinship; and, though tho two men were so much together, somehow tlioy didn't seora particularly foud of one an other. "That was Just tho question to Interest mo, on Lady Mary's account. But I couldn't turn the koy of the puzzle, any more than the othors could, though I was a bit sharpor-wltted, perhaps — and had a mottvo, too. All I could light on in their past was that Count ICornis, who had a lot of political Influence, had helped the Prlnco in that way; and I thought, perhaps, he was to bo given Lady Mary and her money as a reward. But now I think differently. I think Prlnco Falcon- berg, by his knowledge, helped Count Kornis to get rid of ills wives. The Count would bo sure to keep overy proof, so that tho Prlnco could never turn on him. What political help ho could give, ho did; and I shouldn't wonder if, when Count Kornis had got Lady Mary, ho wouldn't havo handed over some of her money to Prlnco Faleonberg, who Isn't as rich as ho ought to be, Willi tho grand appearances ho has to keep up, and his wifo's extravagance. Oh, It was Just lilto coming on n hornet's nest, and having ill tho wicked tilings lntr-zing and stinging about one's ears, only to 'think of it! But I made up my mind there and thor., sir, that now I'd got hold of something more or less deflnito to toll, not wild horses themselves should keep 1110 much lotiger at Kapeberg. "After that day I watched my chances of escapo twico as anxiously ns I had before. Tho servants had begun to trust me, seeing how dull and In different I seemed, and I wasn't looked after as sharp as at flrst. Bcsidos, everyone was busy getting ready for and cxpocLing tho grand folks, and had something to think about bofore thoy thought, of me. "One day, when all tho rest were at early din- nor, I pretended to have a headnelio, and went to my room as If to llo down. I shared it with ono of the maids (who used to be nfrald of mo when I first canto, thinking I was mad), and I stole a peasant dress of horn out of her box, so that if I got off tho description of the clothes I was wear ing wouldn't really bo the right ono. "That samo night my qhance came, I hadn't a ponny, but I'd contrived to bldo a few llltlo orna ments out of the drawing-room (I know It was stealing, in a way, sir, but I've got money iu tho savings bank lti England, and I moan to send back valuo for everything I was obliged to take. In a lonosomo spot In tho park I put on poor Moy- dol's frock, and ntado a bundlo of my own, not wearing thom again till I changed to-day. Some times I got a lift with a cart, sometimes 1 walked; sometimes I hid for a whole day; I protended to bo dumb, 1 Killing peoplo wouldn't guess I was Eng lish; and when I canto to a town I pawned tho tilings l'<l brought away from tho Casllo, so I got twenty or thirty marks, and could travel by rail for awhile. "I've boon ten days and nights on tho way— and it's a miracle I wasn't caught for an escaped mad woman— but if thoy searched for 1110 they must havo got 011 tho wrong track from the first. Anyhow, not dreaming what I'd seen, and what I'd guessed, I daresay tho Count would think It was now too into for my slory to mnlto an im pression or do him harm. "It seemed as If he was right in thinking that loo' for I'vo hud had luck to-duy— till I found you. I wont to a doctor, bore in Vlounn, wlio'd been kind lo mo when I was IU for n few days last winter, and told him ovcrytlilng. asking bin advice what to do. Ilut, would you bclievo it, lie thought i was off my head, and advised m<-. not to do uny thing at all, saying even if my talo was true I couldn't prove It. Peoplo would only laugh at 111c, and perhaps Count von Kornis or tho Eftlconborgs coulil havo mo clapped. Into pri- son for 11 blackmailer. "It was from tho doctor tlint I heard about my sweet lady; how they'd sent her off to a convent -tho brutes— and she'd died there of a broken heart Kveryono I11 Vlounn knew so much, said ho; bud ho hinted at a mystery, which peoplo wlilspored about though no ouo spoko a word out loud. What It was, he wouldn't toil mo. But I thought: 'Mr. Tristram's sure to know,' and I de termined I'd come onco again to ask lor you. Evening was tho best llino to And you disengaged, I was sure — Just before dinner; so I didn't call at once. Instead, I wont lo tho English chaplain, and had a talk with him, hoping he'd be more en couraging, and might glvo mo somo advice. But ho thought I was on a wllilgooso chase, and evi dently didn't want to be mixed up in such a queer affair. Thou, at last, when I was feeling pretty noarly desperate, It was tlmo to conic aud Lry for you. Y011 can Imagine what a shock it was to hoar you'd gono from tho Embassy for good — and how I was sure Providence was on nty side when I saw you — or your ghost. It's much like it was that flrst night, sir; I want you to help me. Do say you can and will — for though my blessed llttlo mistress has been hunted out of the world, It isn't too late to moke those who injured her suffer for what thoy did." "We'll help each other, Jenny,"' Tristrnm said, rather grimly, "for wo'vo tho same end in view. I, too, would think Providence had brought us together, If to take revenge were not forbidden by Heaven; and you and I are doing our best to dis obey tlie command. We both loved Lady Mary, Jenny, and I know from your own lips that you would havo been ready to give your life for hers — Just as I would, a hundred times over. It's too late for that, thanks to her murderers." "Murderers!" Jctiny repeated tho word In a whisper shril with honor. "Oh, sir, you don't mean that word, really? You only say It figura tively — because they sent her away to that awful place to break lior heart." "They killed her at that awful place," Tristram harshly answered. And then he told her the story of the past few months, sparing himself not at all. "Ono thing, and 0110 thing only, has boon worth living for since," ho said at last. "To avenge her. My one hope of Justice on the mur deress iB now with tho Empress. If I can tell her the whole truth, I believe that her iufluonce will be used with tho Archbishop, or oven with the Pope, if that be necessary, to havo strict Inquiries mado at the convent, as to the exact manner of Lady Mary Desmond's dcalli. There is one othsr in tile secret, besides tho murderess herself; and onco she Is questioned, her conscience will force her to confess. "The Emperor and Empress are at their villa in Isclil; they went only to-day, and I ain- following to-night. What I might not havo been able to accomplish by mysolf, against .such powerful enemies as I have, I can accomplish with your help." "Mine, sir?" faltered Jenny. "Why, t am nobody, while you aro a gentleman with 'Honor able' before your name, and lots of Influence and friends." "What I want is a witness," said Tristram, "and that I have in you. Your slory, together with mine, will prove the terrible pressure that was brought to bear on that unhappy child to marry her to Count von Kornis; It will prove her determined refusal, and tho incentive for forcing her into tho convent. You are tho only person, not in the pay of Kornis, who saw tho attack on me, outside the gates of Faleonberg last winter. Even I did not know as much as you know of that. And the strange history of your adventures since, though you might not have been able, qulto alone, to substantiate it against Count von Kornis' In dignant denial, will bo believed, when I have added my quota. With such a preface to tlio story of what Lady Mary suffo:- d at the convent, wo shall have the gonerous-kearted, impulslvo Empress 011 our side. And wl.lt her on our side, the cause is won. Will you go to Isclil to night?" "Will I go, sir? I'd go if I had to walk?" "You have done enough tramping the country, my girl. Even yet, we can catch the train I'd meant to take; we'll be tn lschl by early morning, and I may hope, through friends, to see the Em press. Here's a cab — in with you, Jenny." The maid obeyed, her face flushing, her eyes shining. "Oh. sir, if it was only ns It was when we drovo together to help her before!" she ex claimed, with a sob. "If she was alive; if she was but- alive!" (To be continued.) 