OUR COUNTRY SERVICE. SHOCKING BURNING FATALITY. Raywood, 16th August. A terrible burning fatality took place at Elysian Flat last night, when a very old resident named Charles Baker, a German, 78 years of age, was burnt to death. The old man lived alone in a small house near the Sterling Castle hotel, and retired to rest at an early hour. Nothing was heard of him until this morning, when Mr. Scott was hor rified on going out to find the house burnt to tho ground. The remains of the old man were found burnt to a cinder, the trunk only beind left. Deceased was in the habit of placing heated stones in his bed in cold weather to warm his feet, and it is surmised that the fire originated in this way. The night was very stormy and boisterous, with heavy showers of rain, therefore no sound of the fire was heard by any of the neighbors. A magisterial inquiry will be held. BRIDGEWATEH, 16th August. President Twigg, with Crs. Bailey and Sar good, members of tho North-west Biding of Marong Shire, with the engineer, Mr. Geo. Minto, junr., arrived here last night on their annual tour through the riding. ECHUCA, 16th August. The marriage of Miss Alice Johnstone, eldest daughter of the Rev. J. 0. Johnstone, M.A., to Mr. N. E. E. Gravdon, of the Comm issioners Savings Bank, Melbourne, was celebrated yesterday in the Presbyterian Church. IN'GLE'WOOD, 76th August. The appeal made by the Inglewood ? Eire Brigade to the brigades under the control of the Country Fire Brigades Board, on be half of Mr. G. Shearer, who was rendered permanently blind by an explosion in one of the Beiuiigo mines last December, has resul ted very satisfactorily. The total amount received was >£23/12/, the donations of the respective brigades being as followsIngle wood, ,£2/2/; Geelong, .£1/8/; Beecljworth, .£1/51; Bcndigo, Hamilton, and Kilmore, ,£1/1/ each; Korong Tale and Soymour, .£1 each; Warragul, 15/6; Beaufort, 12/; Cres wick, 11/; Bus liworth, Mazyborough, Kan garoo 'Flat, Taradale, Benalla, Allendale, Shepparton, Dandenong, Smytlissdale, Bal larat, Castlemaine, Golden-square, , Ararat, Avoca, and Talbot-, 10/6 each; - Daylesford, Ifaldon, Murtoa, . Dunolly,- Wnlhalla- and Newtown and Chilwell, 10/ each; Euroa, 8/; Stawell and AYedderburn, 5/ each. , . 'flic expenses in connection with tho appeal amounted to .£1/11/7, leaving a net, result of .£22/0/5. The brigade held a meeting last evening. and handed over this amount to Mr. Shearer. Captain Boag, in presenting the amount, warmly thanked the various brigades for their liberal response. - Mr. Shearer thanked the brigade sincerely for its efforts on his behalf, and intimated that lie would put the amount received to the best possiblo use. A vote- of thanks was accor ded Mr. J. M'Namara for his services in connection with the appeal. Last evening tho members of St.. Augus tine's Guild held a social in tho scljooluyoin, which passed off successfully. ) PYRAMID HILL, 16th-.Au<ns£t- . At the Police Court yesterday',- before Messrs. Greene, P.M., and M'lvay, J.P., a respectably dressed young'man named Pat rick Normoyle was charged with insulting be havior at the A.N.A. social-' on ? the' 20th ult. He .was fined- XI,. and. 4/ costs. ' ? Owing; to represeutatioTis -nmdo .to-. - the Minister of Water Supply and Mr. -J.', ;H:. M'Coll by Crs. Kelly and Clark, an increased supply of water lias been s6nt' down -Bullock Creek, so as to reach the northern boundary of tiu> Gordon Shire before ally diversions are permitted in the East Loddon" Shire.: QUAMBATOOK, 16th August. 'Die Qnambatook Church of England held its annual tea meeting and concert last night. The attendance was adversely a fleeted' bv stormy weather, but tho result on the whole was fairly satisfactory. Mr. Birch occupied the chair, and after the tea, which was pro vided and presided over by the ladies of tlie congregation, the following programme was carried out:-Song, "Cress and Crown," Miss Smith; recitation, "Fireman's Wedding," Mr. Knight; isoug, "Sweet Spirit, Hear My Prayer," Rev. M'Queeri; song, "Children's Voices," Mis. Berrett; song, "llei- Bright Smile Haunts Me Still," Mr. T. Leech;' re cit, "The Armoured .Train," Mr.' M. Hare; J scng, "Elsie's .Prayer,"/Miss Smith ; address, ? Mr. G.'M. Reid, missionary; song, ""When Ho Comes,"' Rev'. M'Queen; recit, "How Ru binstein Played,"/.Mr.. L., Kniglit"; '.song, '"Our Hands Have Met," Mr. T.j Leech'. I The South Q'Uttnibatook_ arid Budgerum creameries arc; now in full' sw.iug; the year being such ,a; favorable one" .for grass, the output is very large. Nearly eveiy, train takes .'out about one ton of cream. A'sensational bolt took place a few morn ings ago, when Mr. Goo." Berrett had a nar row escape. His horse, having got the tipper hand,' bolted with a light gig, occupied by the gentleman named. Fortunately, Mr. Berrett jumped clear'of the vehicle' before "it was dashed into a tree, and in Lis jump es caped without injury. . Mi-. M\ Godsden, an old and highly es teemed resident of this district, died on Tues day night after a long" and painful illness. Deep sympathy. is expressed on all sides to wards Mrs. Godsden and family. . ROCHESTER, 16th August. An interesting ceremony took place yester day, when tho foundation stone of a new parish hall in connection with H< ~v -Triuity Church waa laid by the Right-Rev.- Dr. Goe, Bishop of Melbourne. The wcatlier. wag most disagreeable, and his Lordship performed the task under decidedly unfavorable conditions, tho rain coming down heavily, and an. ex ceptionally cold wind blowing. - After the singing of a hymn,- and the offering of a prayer, the Rev.F. Vanston, incumbent of Holy Trinity Church, extended' his- Lordship a hearty welcome, and presented him with a silver trowel, suitably inscribed, for the pur pose of laying the foundation stone. A bottle containing the scroll and a copy of the "Rochester Express" was then placed in the cavity under the stone, which is a neat granite ? square, inscribed with couutsrsunk gold let tering,-bearing the date of the ceremony. His LordshtD then said -"In the"'faith- of Christ, aiic! willi prayer for the blessing of God, I lay this foundation stor.e. of a parish hall, in the name of the Father, and of.the Son, and of the-Holy Ghost. Amen." On concluding the task, his Lordship delivered a short-ad dress, and in the course of his remarks con gratulated the district on ihe step it had now taken, -u it was am- illustration of the jirogress of the church. The : proceedings closed'with a hymn and the benediction. The offerings" during the afternoon amounted to £30/17/3: The building, when finished, will provide, accommodation for about IG'O per-, sons. The entire cost will bo .£237/17/.. Of this amount, the committee has in. tho bank jSilaO,; aud when the .outstanding . donations are" collected, it is anticipated that the total amount raised will be about .£'190, leaving a debt: ;of only £47. In the evening liis Lord ship administered the rite of confirmation to about: 30 candidates, mid delivered an ex cellent discourse appropriate to the occasion. Efforts are being made to get Mr. H. \V. Potts; Government lecturer on dairying, to. visit Rochester and give one of his. illustrated limelight lectures on. "Modern Dairying." \ Caterjjillars are reported to have again made their appearance in. this .neighborhood. So fai- jr-however, the damage done by the plague .is only trifling, but should tliey" vora ciously-attack the voting crops; their ravages will .caii^e a considerable loss to tho farmers. ' SERPENTINE, JGth August. :. At tho meeting of tlie East Loddon Shire ^Council^yesterday, Cr. W. 6.- Coutts ten dered "life resignation as a member of the ' councilv Owing to business affairs precluding' him.""froin. devoting the time and attention "that' slFotod be given to'mumc'ipal matters. He. expressed his thanks for the forbearance. Fhown to him by tlie councillors, and for the kind manlier in which he had been" treated generally. Cr. Laird moved that the resig nation be accepted, and that the council place on record its regret, at his retirement. Cr. Coutts was liked by all. Cr. Hardy seconded the motion, .and was sorry that. Mr. Coutts had left them. Tlie other councillors present also spoke in eulogistic terms of Mr. Coutts, and the motion was then put and carried. ' Tho president of., the East Loddon Shim Council,- Cr. Coulter, will represent the. council at the interview to be held with Mr. Stuart Murray at, Koronsr Vale to-morrow, in reference to the Loddon United Water Trust's difficulties. 