ANDROMEDA : a.' tale op the great river. (BY ROBERT BUCHANAN.) CHAPTER III.— (Continued.) Then, still greatly puzzled, ho walked back to the inn. By this time the landlady was up and astir. Tho front door and the lower windows were wide open, and ho saw Mrs. Endcll moving about within, tidying the sitting-room. He sat down on tho seat in front of tho inn, and lit his pipe. As ho did so his attention was attracted to a small rowing-boat, stranded on the banks of tho haven — a canoe-like boat with two light paddles lying in it, and its namo painted, "Tho Seamew," in white letters on the stern. It was drawn up close to the tiny dingy of the yawl, which was anchored out in the muddy bay. "Hullo!" shouted a voice, and looking up ho saw the head of Burton projecting from his bed room window. "Hullo, Billy! Coming down?" Bufton nodded. "I say," continued Somerset, pointing to the rowing boat, "who does that belong to? It wasn't here yesterday." "Your Venus perhaps," returned Bufton, grln- niDg cynically and disappearing. "I'll question the old man," muttered Somerset, rising and preparing to enter tho house. He had just crossed the threshold when he heard the landlord's voice in the bar talking eagerly to someone. Ho pushed the tap-room door open, and strolled in. The window had been thrown open, the fumes of overnight had disappeared, and clcse to tho window, looking out, stood a young girl, at whoso unexpected appearance Somerset paused in amaze ment — tho surprise being twofold, surprise at find ing there a strange young person of the opposite sex, and supriso at her wonderful personal beauty. Hair as black as night, yet shot through where tho sunlight struck it with chestnut gleams; black eyebrows which nearly met over the fore head, giving to her face in moments of passion a strangely troubled and almost sinister expression of power and intensity; eyes large and grey, shot with agate rays; a perfect Grecian nose, with nostrils delicately dilated; a full ripe mouth, slightly open and disclosing ivory teeth; and an alabaster complexion, darkly tinted on the checks with 6unnv ruddiness of a ripe pear. Such was tho girl's face and head, and the form matched them in comeliness, from the white throat to tho finger tips, and thence to the shapely feet. Her whole appearance gave an extraor dinary appearance of youth and strength, com bined with agility and grace. Her dress was that of a peasant girl or fisher man's daughter; a dark petticoat of blue serge, reaching to just above the ankles, above it a white Jacket or "short gown," of cotton, open at the throat, coarse woollen stockings and rough leather shoes. Her black hair was gathered up in a knot, and secured by a net or snood. As Somerset approached her she looked at him with the utmost self-possession and' tho faintest shadow of a smile. "I beg your pardon," he murmured, awkwardly,, "I — I was looking for Endell." As he spoke tho landlord appeared behind the bar. "Now then. Anniedromedy!" he said, "don't stand idling there; the missis wants ye." "All right," answered the girl, in a clear ring ing voice, and with another glance at Somerset, a Parthian glance which met him full in the eyes, as she passed him by and left the room. Utterly amazed, Somerset stood for some mo ments looking after her; then glancing towards the bar ho met tho crafty eyes of the landlord, who was leaning over and watching him keenly. "Who's that?" asked the young man. "That? repeated Endell. with his stereotyped grin. "Our gel. Anniedromedy we calls her, and so she were christened!" "Curious name," murmured Somerset. "You're right, sir," said the old man, confiden- tiallv, "and she's a curious girl. But she's a spanker for all that, ain't she? With a wonderful pair of eyes iu her figure-head, eh? But, harkee, governor," he continued, sinking his voice, "don't let the missis catch you looking at her and ad miring of her! She watches her as a cat watches a kitten, the old woman does. She won't let even me be extra civil." "Who is she, though? Surely not your ser vant?" ... "Well, no. not exactly that, though she s got to make herself useful. She helps my missis a bit when she's in the humor, does Anniedromedy; but, bless ye, she's a queer litllo devil, and does pretty much as she pleases." "1 didn't know she was here," said Somerset, more and more puzzled. "When did she come?" "She came last night, sir, arter you was a-bed. Tho old woman didn't expect her, but I did." Somerset started. A new light flashed suddenly Into his mind as he exclaimed: "I've got it! She came in that boat which is lying on the shore in front of the inn. Am I right?" "Sure enough, you're right," was the reply. "She rowed herself over from Leigh at high water, and dropped in like a ghost when me and the missis was at supper." Somerset's next remark, or rather question, was a peculiar one. Leaning eagerly across to Endell, he asked in a low voice: "Can she — can she swim?" The old man opened his eyes, and then, tickled by tho question, burst into a hearse chuckle. "Now that the rummest question ever Iheerd!" he cried. "Answer it, for all that." "Oh, I'll answer it straight enough," returned the landlord. "Swim? Lor' bless you, she can swim like a duck, she can, arid slip under water like an eel. There ain't much she can't do in that line, mister, or in the boating line, or tbe sailing line, or the fishing line. She's half mer maid and half able seaman is our gel." At this moment the voice of Mrs. Endell, call ing "Job, Job Endell!" in peremptory tones, summoned him away. Ho winked and touched his lips significantly. "Mum's the word, sir," he said, especially afore the old woman." The effect on Somerset of that meeting with the young gir! and of Endell's mysterious hints con cerning her was somewhat peculiar. Instead of hastening to pour his news into Bufton's ears, as was generally his custom, he became suddenly taciturn and uncommunicative. While they were breakfasting together in tbe parlor, waited on as usual by Mrs. Endell, he ate and drank like a man in "a brown study, fidgeted in his chair, and once or twice began whistling a tune. "What tho devil's the matter with you?" de manded Bufton, who had been observing him for some time quietly. "Eh? What?" answered Somerset,, starting. "Nothing's tho matter!" he added, irrelevantly. "We're going to have another lovely day." Thero was a long pause. Button began making his preparations for work in tne open air, while Somerset sat smoking on the sill of tho open window. "What are you going to bo up to to-day?" asked Bufton presently. Tho young man did not seem to hear, and the question was repeated. "Perseus and Andromeda!" murmured Somer set. as if to himself. "Eh? What tho deuce do you mean?" "Nothing, Billy, only " He paused and met Bufton's astonished gaze; then as if suddenly tickled by the humor of the situation, he began laughing and singing the fol lowing doggerel: — Anniedromcdy's hor name, And England is her nation! Canvey is her dwelling-place, And biesscd be creation! "Hang me if I can make you out!" cried Buf ton. "Hang me If I can make myself out!" said Somerset, laughing. "It's this way, Billy! I'm transmogrified, as I told you last night, into a jolly young Greek of the prehistoric period. This isn't Canvey Island at ail — it's Hellas. Old En dell's a King of the Isles, and Mother Endell's a Svbiliine oraclo. As for you " "Look bore," oxclaimed Bufton, strolling over to him and putting a strong hand on his shoulder, "either you've made some new discovery or you're going off your head?" "Both, Billy, both," was the instantaneous re ply; "I've ninde a new discovery and I'm going off my head. So would you." he added emphatically, "It you'd seen what I have seen." "Well, what have you seen, you moon-calf?" "First you must swear, by all the gods, to keep my secret!" "All right," said Bufton, grinning. "Well, then, hear and wonder. Tho vision that I saw last night has become a reality this morn- lug. My Venus Anndyomene has clothed herself in modern raiment, and is here — hero in the Lob ster Smack. She came hither in yonder shallop — as I suspected. She arrived at hush of night, when you wero snoring. I have soon her, I have spoken to her. Her name is Andromeda — or An niedromedy in the Doric of the vulgar, and oh, Billy, I adore her to distraction" (To be continued.) 