TRAINING THE CHORUS. FAUST WITH THE GILT OFF. .MR SLAPOFKSK1 AT WORK. ' "Just thlr.k that ever for a few mo ments. 1 don't want to say anything. You'll probably know yourselves what's the matter." And Mr Slapoffski with a mitdy aggres sive air and a violently aggressive red tie, walked up and down the stage. Turn ing presently and demanding from the pianist the leading chords of the move ment Mr Slapoffski exclaimed, "Mezzo- forte, forte, plans, all lu one bar. Don't forget! 'Mezzo, forte, piano! La, ta ta. La— tit— ta! Ke;-p your heads up and throw out your chests. Sol Ha ta u. La—ta— to!" ' Then there came a fine bum of melody and tho conductor was uppeased. "That a good. That will do." was his comment, and tho budding Princess chorus . were quite happy. Grouped round a plano on the bare stage of the Spring street theatre Mr George Musgrove's conductor was last night giving them their first rehearsal to gether. The theatre -was all bu: empty, for several pressmen were .the only audl- t6rs. The sheeted scats and boxes, and the great gaping stage, the absence ;'of fancy costumes and accessories — all com-, blned, made it ' n' seml-prcsentation of Faust with the gilt off. ' But all tho same, the presentation, so far us It went, was an excellent one. Mr Slapoffski has done his work of selection well. The old chorus wo have been accustomed to ud- mlro on the stage of the Princess Is prac- tlcally absent, and the faces are mostly new. But the old' guard has been re placed by a cnpnble young brigade, and Judged by the results of tho drilling so far, there will be nothing left to desire when Mcphistophelesand Marguerite come to the footlights and we got Faust gilt edged and morocco bound. The chorus numbers about half a hundred voice?. e\\-enly balanced with ladles nnd gentle men. They have come from all harts of the city and suburbs, nnd have won their positions by sheer merit, and after competition with many scores of amateur and professional singers. The craze for fame nnd fortune that has seized every one with n ghost of a voice gave the con ductor large field of choice, nnd It la small" wonder that Mr. Slapoffski La well content with the chorus he has gathered together. In sections he has drilled them Indefatlg. ably, and his ability to teach, and their keen desire to leant, have unitedly taken much of the hard grinding work off the task of getting a thorough grip of Faust and I! Trnvatorc, the operas so far taken in hand. Here a hit nnd there a hit wo picked from the opera, nnd usually the first run through satisfied the exacting conductor. But occasionally he would grow mildly oarcnstic. There would come a break In the proceedings, he would walk up and down wlih his hand in lib! pockets and ''hake his head. Then suddenly swing ing round, he would call out, "I know the gentleman who did that"— ('that' wn a false note)— "I don't want to say who he I. but don't Jet him do It again; it hurt. I nil! Korry, ladles nnd gentlemen, that you will have to go through that again because of tho gentleman's carelessness." The repetition found the careless matt attentive and correct. Tlie basses In one ,of the choruses were a little -llat. - Mr Slapofffllcl did not tear his hair, lie con tented himself by saying. "Xow,\ gentle men. don't he lazy. I don't irenn physically la2y, but mentally lazy. Keep your voice up; und your heads up, ami your chests out. Don't let your head fall forward nnd your voice go flat. Not Lu-tum-tuin, hut So!— La! Turn! Tumi" So they proceeded, here n few bars, there n swinging chorus. In the full choruses the method of the conductor were seen nt their best, nnd the reason for the quick and substantial prngre.vt of the newly recruited chorus was at once apparent. Charging a forte opening with his head, he would pluck the basse with his left hand, wave the tenors Into action Willi his rlcht, ami th»?n with a sweeping awing of toth arm, accompanied by nn undulating movement of (he body and a toss of the head, he would bring up his -full strength, soprani and nil. No one set of voices could mistake the cue. None could help briskness. There wns no chance to offend against tempo. Con ductor and chorus were one. The announcement of a holiday for the ladle on the morrow, and one for the gentlemen "later on" ended the re hearsal. 