THE CHURCHES. A sermon in connection with the present Missions' Jubilee season, was preached at St. John's Church, Parramatta, on Sunday morn ing last, when the Bishop of Adelaide (the Rt. Rev. Dr. J. E. Harmcr) occupied the pulpit and took for his text Matthew xxviii, 18-19: ' All power is given unto me in heaven. and in earth ; go ye therefore and teach all nations. uapusing mem in me name ui me imuk mm of the Son and of the Holy Ghost.' The burden of the message, said the preacher, was ' to teach all nations ' — to make disciples, that was, of all nations, not merely to pro mulgate abstract doctrines and moral precepts. The message to be delivered was an essential one ; there was a royal mandate to evangelise. Tho Bishop dwelt briefly upon the conversion of England, through the instrumentality of St. Augustine and those who laboured with and after him. The history of mission enterprise all down the years since the day the words of the text wero spoken by Christ, was full of the most interesting analogies, and though some persons saw and professed to see failure, and occasion for disappointment in connection with the mission work, a study of actual results would show that such pessimism was nnrpn.Rnnnhlfi n.nd unwarranted. 'Rvnn nffcpr the first mission work — assisted as it was by the power nnd the eloquence of the apostles and the miracles wrought after the death of Christ, only one in twenty of the Romans, could be claimed as converts, whilst of the world at large the proportion was but one in a hundred and fifty. As in the present day, rude and barbarous peoples were swept into the religious fold in numbers, but.when religious systems, highly developed, and of great antiquity, were en countered by the missionaries who wore spread ing the gospel message, greater antagonism was found to mean slower progress. When the Book of Common Prayer was prepared tho need for mission work was not recognised to the full ; and that fact was reflected in the paucity of reference to missions in the prayers of the church. But in tho 7th and 8th centuries English churchmen realised the need for efforts to reach tho outside world with tho glad tidings of salvation ;*and in theso our days another wave of missionary effort was characterising the spiritual activities of the church. Good work in tho medical missions and in the zenana missions in India, China and Japan was being steadily prosecuted ; and there was room for much hope ahead, tho more so in that 300,000,000 persons inhabiting one-fourth of the earth's service were pro fessing Christians. Good work had been dono by valiant servants of God in the mission fields in the past and we had entered into their labours. Wo did well to gird ourselves anew for the great effort which thit, closing year of the century was to seo initiated. — In the evening the Bishop of Now Guinea (the Rt. Eev. Dr. M. J. Stone-Wigg) preaohed at St. John's, and gave a most interesting account of missionary work in New Guinea. At the Parramatta Wesleyan Church on Sunday evening' the Rev. Dr. Sellors preached a sermon for the particular benefit of young nnman Tn f.Vio nnnorroo'n.f.inn luorft nnfii»nr numbers of those for whom the minister's message that evening was principally intended. Tho text was taken from Ruth i, 16-17 : ' And Ruth said, Intreat me not to leave thee or to return from following after thee : for whither them goost I will go; and where thou lodgest I will lodge ; thy pooplo shall bo my people, and thy God my God; etc.' Dr. Sellors sketched the history of Euth as told in the scriptures; and, after dwelling briefly upon the magnificent eloquence of hor roply to Naomi, when in the words of that text she re fused to leave her mo,ther-in-law and return to her people, and her old idols, and tho land of Moab, he pointed to her firmness of deoision, and . her proved readiness to set to work. Full decision was a blessed thing, when, in oonneotion with spiritual matters, young people emulated the example set by Ruth. And in respeot of her readiness for service, it was cheering to see, too, that, in these days, in connection with our own ohurches, the places of tho workers wero well filled by those willing to assist in the gleaning even though, perchance, it was not their's to do the reaping. In connection with tho pro sent efforts being made by tho church there was room for even more workers. Ho deBired to E66 the young enjoying life, andhedesirod to see them enjoying it in the highest sense, in connection with full consecration of them selves to God. In conclusion Dr. Sellors pointed out to the young pooplo present the opportunities for service in connection with the Lord's work, which the approaching acti vities of their church offered. A service spocially dedicatod to tho memory of the late Mr. John Booth, was held in tho Wesleyan Churoh, Smithfield, on Sunday, and attracted a very large congregation. The iuDuuui wwa uiujjcu wibu umuil, UJJU, Ufa fauti oloso of the servico, the organist, Miss Vallanco, played tho Dead March in Saul. Tho Rev. J. Hopkins officiated and proached an appropriate and impressive sermon from I Thess. iii, 12-13 : ' And the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another, eto.' Anglicans are niuobly discussing the question whether Sydney diocese should delegate to tho Australian episcopal bench the right to appoint to the see of Sydney a bishop who shall also be Primate, or whothor the said bench shall elect their own Primato irrespective of diocesan claims? The latest intelligence from China is that the Dowagor Empress is in tho innor city of Peking, whioh the allios aro bombarding. Tho legations aro reported as having been relieved. Tho1 Russians have carried Chingha Pass in Manchuria. Tenders have boon accepted for tho follow ing Government Architect's works : — Erection of unrses1 quarters, Hospitalfor Insane Parramatta, D. McDonald, Summer Hill, £1530 ; erection of awning to tower walks, Parramatta Gaol, T. H. Harvey, Parramatta, £105. 