District Pars. It is now not expected that the Protector will arrive in S.A. water till the end of December. The rainfall recorded at Millicent Post office during November was -35 in., the lowest for mauy years past. Judging by recent events it looks about an even money chance—to use a sporting phrase—that Dr. lirson, of Border Town, will have a run for Albert division at next election. Mr. Desiuond, Veterinary Surgeon to the S.A. Government, is at present in the South-East m order to make an inspection of stock in this district. His work will occupy him till about Christmas. At the Mount Gambier Caledonian Society's celebralion of St. Andrew's Day (November 30th), the retiring Chief, Dr. C. C. McDonald, decorated the newly-elected Chief, Mr. Tlios. Haig, with the Society's badge, Mount Gambier A. and H. Society made this year a profit of £34 19s. Id., -after paying £145 lis. 8d. for improvements on the ground, and £'12 17s. 3d. loss on the special flower show. The Society reckons to start the year with a credit of £100. At Mount Gambier Municipal election on December 1st Mr. John Watson polled 260 votes and was elected Mayor over Dr. McDonald, who polled 256. At the declaration of'the poll the genial doctor received a great reception and was very severe on those whom he called" his sup. posed friends." At the meeting of Mount Gambier Licensing Bench, held on December 3rd, Mr. P. E. Wehl was granted transfer of a storekeepers wine and spirit licence from J. Grice and Co. to himself, Mr. A. McArtliur, of Mount Gambier, of the same from self to self; and Messrs. W. G. Seeker and C. A. Malona were granted transfer of publican's licences. Border Town Rifle Club, formed some months ago, has not yet received notice of registration. It has no official existence, in a manner of speaking, but is a lorn military ghost stalking in a fog of ministerial promises. The Club's originators took the Holder Government seriously, when the latter was prancing round yelling patriotism, and the riflemen do not even .vet seem to have grasped the fact the Government never was serious, for they are going to hold an J indignation meeting. On Monday. December 3rd. Mr. and Mrs. C. Holzgrefe, of 'Chatham Farm. Henty, Victoria, celebrated their "diamond wedding." The couple, aged 87 and 81 respectively, have been married sixty years, and came from Hanover to Port Adelaide in 1853. Mr. H. F. Holzgrefe, J.P., of Millicent, a son of the couple, was present among others. Mr. and Mrs. Holzgrefe, sen., have had seven clr'ldren, of whom four are living, and their descendants include 39 grandchildren and 25 great-grandchildren. Narracoorte Herald, in its issue of Deqember 4th, says of the much-boomed "Woods- Williamson 's Dramatic Company's performance, "No one could imagine that so much rubbish could have been crammed into an hour's time. It is the greatest insult Narracoorte people have ever had. At the conclusion of the swindle a large number of the audience •assembled opposite the hall door and threatened to have their revenge, but the police, scenting danger, kept a sharp look-out and got the members of the company to their homes without molestation." 