PROPOSED ABOLITION OF THE WATER TRUST. (TO TIlE EDITOR OF TILE SIORIIIAM TIMES.) Sl,--Tbe Weteru Wimmees Irrigation and Water Supply Trust is a decrepit and tottering body, fast hurrying onwards towards utter annihilation, and those twelve wise and far-seeing men, who style themselves the Wimmera Shire Council, after having successfully grappled with State Bank bills, Boer war funds, road formations, dog taxes, etc., intend to turn their attention to the all absorbing water ques tion. Now, asa ratepayer, I wish to pretest against this transactin, and to endeavor to show my fellow ratepayers the consequences thaLt will follow such a proceeding. No doubt it took a great feat of skill and clever enginecring to run wateraeressthese great level plains, lopings awnsy to thie northward. This is a landlo heat and drought, and fierce hot winds, and blinding duststonns, which sweep across these shade less, shelterless plains, filling in dans and drains and forming alevel surface over all, varied by an oceca.e sionul wet season, when rain becomes so plentiful that half the country is submerged with water. Under such conditions it is little ewonder that the great water scheme did not pan out as well as it was expected todo. The financial position of the trust is all that can be dlesired. Thestanldingdebt is about £80,000, and if the interest and sinking fund pay ments are kept paid up for 31 years, the debt will be cleared offil. The commissioners are an easy-going, happy-go-lucky lot, who never try to force money from the ratepayers. Thes accept anything in the shape of an excuse. One farmer will fil four or five dams, and declare that he has not received his thousand yards ; then anotlher will state thathis dam is half filed with mud, andget offwithhalf price.Bntt the petexcuseof allis natural depressions." Some farimers ill swamps, on rhich they shoot ducks, through natural depressions, and the number of natural depressions is close proximity to dams and gardens is quite a coincidence. So popular have the natural depressions become amnong land holders, that it is little ewonder that there is also a "natural do. pression" in the funds of the trust. The shire eoml cillors are regular Sudholhes again, every one of them, and their ireu rule will be intolerableafterthe free and easy regime of thetrust. Look fora moment a the past history of the couneil. At first they got the Bathnrstburr craze. They rooked upon this weved as the sconrgo of this district, and everyone was fined for not cutting it, when a plague of locusts visited the WIimmera, and the Bathmurst burr disappeared before them as effectively as a ghost disappears before the moonlight. Then the star thistle nmania seized them badly. Public roadss had to be cleared, and the thistle which would have otherwise confined itselif to these roads, blew all over the paddcks, and in the skilful hands of the council was flourishing splendilly, when 1'07. with drought and desolation, descended on the plains.vegetable life ceased to exist, and the few latches of star thistle which managed to survive, proved veritable oases in the desert to the few hide bound skeletons which staggered round. At present the council is discussing the probable length of time the wild mustard will take to eat them out of house and honme. If they get hold of the trust their first step will be to strike a frointage rate, differential rat ing will follow ; the interest will have to be paid up at all costs. They) will also propose aying loff a little of the principal ; water wil be charged for at a rui Ous rate, anid heaven pity anJ ratepayer who tries to crawl out of his ratles through " natural depressisns.' Ratepayera,sulportthe ttnst if you desire to live peace ably on the Wummera. Drew, the old commlussiners in the Wartoolk, and elect new ones if you will, or hand the land over to the Government. But don't, for heaven's sake don't, let the Wimnncmea Shire Coun cil get hold of the trust !-Yours, etc. THE MAN FROM IRONBARIi. 