HIS OWN ACCUSER CHAPTER VI. THE GUN! THE GUN !—THE REAL TRUTH ABOUT THE MURDER. BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY, AUTHOR OF “DAZZLED.” The reader has no doubt guessed that it was Stephen Markham who murdered Ed- die Wilde, and secreted the gun in Hazel Wood. In his guilty fcnr he had put. tfio weapon there, hardly knowing why, but impressed with o vogue terror that it might, in some way, tell its own talc. When, however, the rash statements *n the dead man’s diary gave credence to the story of suicide, and the whole affair blew over, the murderer’s naturally moan spirit prompted him to recover his gun. It was a good one, a useful one, and a very expensive one. . On conclusion lie thought he had been very foolish to leave it there at all. Could a gun speak? Gould it bear testimony against him ? No, he would recover it and use it again. What if murder had been done with d, were not all guns made for killing ? So he argued with himself and wont steal thily to regain it. But now the gun had become a danger indeed. Two men had started out of I he darkness, hod tried to seize the weapon. There was n struggle, a shot, a cry from ' one of Ins assailants whom he had probably wounded—perhaps killed. Who and what were they, ami what had he done ? After firing he had dashed away Minify into the thickness of the wood, grasping the gun in his hand, never stopping until ho reached the far end of the wood. There he waited a moment, panting and listening, to see if he were pursued. The gun! the gun! That was his one thought. What should he do with it? The summer lightning flickered through the trees and lighted up his pallid face, end the rain began to pour down out of the dark ness. The gun! the gun! He held the hateful thing in his hand ! He thrust iu hurriedly beneath the nearest bush and kicked it :n as far as it would go. Then he listened again fearfully for sounds of his pursuers. No ; only tho rumbling thunder and the ghostly whispering rain. His legs shook under'him, ami his teeth chattered with superstitious fear. Those two? Wore they ghosts or evil spirits sent to terrify him? They had come out of the darkness before him justl as ths other two had done on tho nigfit of the din ner at the “Stag,” and he had shot at them, and there was a loud cry, just as there was when he had raised his gun m the darkness and shot young Eddie Wilde. Which way should he turn? it was black darkness on every side, except whore, in the distance, a twinkling light relieved the gloom. Dare he go that way ? Ho dared not stay there in the darkness and the rain with tho lightning flashing wieldly through the trees. He turned and hurried blindly across the open fields to wards the distant light, never rtopping to look back. As the storm increased, so Ma terror grow. “Hanged ! hanged ! and I did it! wailed a voice in the darkness, after a more it'-" usually brilliant flash. Two ghosts in the form of men again stood out grimly in the sulphurous loght. To heard their voices os they mocked him. He fancied, too. they were pursuing him. Unspeakable terror-terror such as turrs a man’s hair grey in a single night—posses icd him, and ho fled away towards the light of the distant inn. CHAPTER TEL HOW EDDIE WILDE CAME BY HIS END —HIS MURDERER AND HIS METHODS. Markham had not meant to kill young Wilde, His gun had been raised to shoot another man, none other than Phil Raynor himself. Ho had been at tho dinner at the Stag Inn, given in honoilr of Phil’s coming of ago and the accession to the family estates wliich he, Markham, had so long held as trustee. At the dinner he had been insulted—yes, there was no ollvey word for it—by some of tho more daring spirits. They talked about him, and at him, and across him at the table, till he was thoroughly maddened by their barbed shafts ; yet nothing was done or said that ho coidd reasonably have repudiated. What added to the smart of ins humilia tion was tho fact that he knew that on the morrow ho must render up to Phil, his new roaster, an account of the stewardship of tire OTiesfield estates, and that before another day passed Phil would brand him. as a lelon. and perform that unpleasant office, loo, with the greatest satisfaction. The fun at tho dinner had waxed fast and furious, and the number of empty cham pagne and spirit bottles increased to an alarming extent. The lawyer had not been nressed to drink much, and he kept a cool head ; but he soon saw that tho abstemious Phil Raynor was hopelessly inebriated by the mixture of liquids forced upon him. In,his mind as he sat there he pictured the new squire of Chesfield staggering homo in the darkness across the fields, intoxicated, helpless. Like an inspiration fresh from hell there had flashed across the felon’s mind the pos sibility of intercepting his new master on his‘ way home, and silencing him for ever, ri-us gaining a short respite from the Inevitable discovery of his embezzlements. The idea came in an instant, and he grasped it at once. There was, he felt, no time to meditate. It would have to be done at once, or the opportunity would be lost, and his last chance gone. Whilst the revellers were straining their lungs in cheering the toast of the “Rose of Tlchester” ho stealthily loft them, taking his gun and his cartridge case. As he quietly slipped out he heard an al tercation between Phil and his friend Eddie Wilde. Phil was fhsistng upon going home alone, and threatening to shoot anybody who opposed his will. Like most gentle and docile people," under the influence of drink he had become furious and reckless. With swift footsteps Markham made his way along the footpath to the Bury Mea dow, and stationed himself behind r, hedge a few yards from the footpath along which Phil must pass on his way home. Here, in the loneliness of the open fields and under cover of the night he had waited with hated breath the coming of his unsus pecting victim. All was still except a gentle rustling wind which swept past him in little gusts, cooling the heavy sweat which stood out in beads upon his forehead. He waited awhile with chattering teeth, but no Phil made his appearance. The long minutes crept by slowly, oh, so slowly, and gavo him time to think, to repent, to turn coward. But he tried not to think; he clenched his teeth and grasped his double- barrelled gun with on iron grasp, and would not allow himself to answer the taunts of conr-oicnce. “You dare not do it!” whispered con science ; "it is murder! Give it up and fly the country before it. is too late.” He only gripped his gun the tighter and shut his ears, "You may he found out, and then you will be in a much worse plight. Give it up, it is too desperate. You may not kill him, only wound him, and that would mean only a short respite.” His hands' only clenched the gun—and, listen! There is a sound of slow, heavy footsteps. Now is the time or never! In another moment the approaching shadow will be passing along on the other side of the hedge, right opposite to where he is kneeling. He thrusts his gun through the hedge and levels it to his shoeuldor. The footsteps are qui te near now. In an other moment he sees a moving, figure'before him and fires. A muffled shot booms through the clammy night mist—a stifled gasp and a heavy fall, and tho murderer knows his shot has token effect. But tho next instant his heart stands still for he hears the voice of the dying man cry feebly. "Phil, Fm shot!” and he knows it is Eddie Wilde he has slain. He sees Phil's form stand swaying for a moment over his prostrate friend, then a lurch and a hideous dmffken laugh, as the poor fellow, overcome by the fumes of the noxious drink, falls senseless beside his dying friend. Terror took possession of the bungler murderer. The shot ho had fired scorned to resound like a roar of cannonade. In his fear ho imagined the whole countryside ’rushing to the spot Tii consternation:; With stealthy footsteps, at first slow, then faster and' faster, lie crept away, unlit he reached .the stile at the edge of Hazel Wood. Next over tho stile and down the footpath loading away through iho ; wood to the high road. Ho carried,in his hand the heavy gun, and for a mordent he felt that it was the gun and not ho that had committed the awful blunder, and wanted to got rid of it. He was now nearing the gate leading to the rood, and ho feared to go out on to the highway with tho weapon. Dread prompted him to hide it, so he turned out of, the footpath to a big thick bush looming in the blackness, and thrust the gun underneath- it. This done, hack to the footpath rnmin, lis tening all the while for the sound of pur suing footsteps, and from thence on to tho road. Tho road led straight away to his own house, which was soon reached, nr-d once inside ho breathed more freely. With consummate cunning ho pursued his ordinary household routine as- though noth ing unusual had happened. But when tho inmates of (ho house retired 10 rest he cast aside tho mask. He wa« desperate now, and when ho came to reason things out ho cursed himself foy a fool for not discharging the other barrel of his gun at Phil Raynor, thus accomplishing the task ho had set himself to do. He could not sleep, but as a precaution he undressed and went to bed like an innocent, peaceful citizen. When the morning dawned he was «ip watching from his window. _ From it he could see the country for miles rrouni, and in tho distance the.'Bury Meadow quite plainly. ' The morning mists were hanging over it, and at first he could distinguish nothing; but when the mists cleared in tho early morning light he saw distinctly two dark objects on tho ground. Then one of them moved, and next he witnessed from afar'off tho scene which formed tho first chapter of this story. Ho held his breath as he saw Phil stagger away from the dead body of tho friend he sup posed himself to have murdered. Was he going to raise an alarm? thought the murderer. But no, he did not make for the nearest habitation, but hurried away towards his house like a guilty thing. Patiently fho murderer watched from lu's window the development of events. No help came from Chesfleld Hall whither Phil had, gone, and ho was puzzled. What was the meaning of it? Why - did not young Raynor bring help to his friend? With a flash the truth rushed upon him, and sent a thrill of relief to his guilty heart. He realised that Phil Raynor, awaking from a drunken sleep and finding himself beside the dead body of his friend, muii. have imagined himself in some way accountable for his death. When, after two hours' watching, Mark ham saw" the dead hotly discovered by a laborer going to work, and others hurrying to the scene within a few minutes, his con clusions were strengthened. Then came the inquest and telegrams Hying to America, whore Eddie's relations were, and by the irony of fate Mr. Stephen Markham, solici tor, and one of the dead man’s bittei’est enemies, was deputed by a distant relation to watch the case on behalf of the deceased’s family. The reader knows the rest —how at the inquest Phil’s strange emotion and tho falsehood he told about the time of part ing with his friend, confirmed Markham’s suspicion that the new squire really believed himself the murderer. In another’s error the crafty villain saw his own escape. At any time he could put suspicion upon Phil, and lie meant to do it if liis own neck were in danger. CHAPTER VHI. PAULINE AND HER FATHER—A QUARREL AND A TRAGEDY. Just as the hard truths of life are stranger than fiction, so the coincidences of life defy invention. At about iho same time that our loquacious friend Ncbson took the spent shot from his fellow-poacher’s boot, telling him to keep it for luck, an other person was handling ami, examining a spent, shot, exactly similar in appearance, weight, and bore, turning it over in his fingers and looking at it thoughtfully. But there all similarity ended, for whereas the shot in Job Cassidy’s possession hud spent itself harmlessly, the other had brought to a sudden termination a young and promising life. It was Dr. Chester, Pauline’s father, who held the missile in his hand. It was lying in his open palm, and he was looking at it b/ the light of his consulting-room lamp. . The shot was 1 the one that had put an end to the life of Eddie Wilde. It was in this room, with its cosy arm chairs and shelves of books, that the .motherless Pauline loved to ait in the evening with the father she idolised. The doctor to-night was alone, and ns ho held the fatal shot under tiro light of the lamp his face was grave and perplexed. ‘ He adjusted his gold-rimmed spectacles two or three times, jgnd turned the missile over and over. “An ugly looking shot,” he murmured, "an ugly looking shot to he'is a mm’s gun out partridge shooting. WTiy, one would almost be inclined to call that a bullet. I am no sportsman, but I don’t think that is the usual thing for partridges. How ab surd of me not to have noticed the fact be fore the inquest! Poor fellow! ho must have meditated the act very deliberately to have loaded Iris gun with a thing like that. And I cannot think he meant to shoot, himself. And the diary? True, the wording was very wild arid pointed to suicide, and yet—I must look at it again.” Ho took from, a side drawer the little pocket diary and read the memorable en tries. Then he turffed back some few months and read the entries there The first one that caught his eye was this— "July 5. “ I think I must be in love with Paulino, but I cannot tell her. There is something so simple and stately about her, that I feel a fool in her company. She is too good for a chap like me. I fool afraid of her.” “Poor fellow! Poor fellow!” murmured the agitated father, as tears filled his eyes. He could not help feeling proud of his beau tiful daughter—proud id think that his Pau lino possessed the povv :v to sway men’s des tinies even to the brink of the gravo- Somehow Dr. Chester did not feel too kindly disposed towards Philip Ray nor this evening. Was Phil worthy of her? ho asked himself, and asked in vain. Then he turned again to the written pages. “Ah, here is one of the entries I can’t understand. “January 10. “ Raining—raining all day,, and yester day, and tho day before. Can’t hunt, can’t do anything. I think the best thing I can do is to shoot myself, or somebody else, by way of excitement,” “Strange,” muttered the doctor, as Ms thoughts wandered on ; “that, expression occurs over and over again, and is most pal- : pably not tho expression of a man predis posed to suicide, but rather that of a thoughtless, feckless youth of .changeable mood. How strange that the former en tries should have been overlooked at the in quest. Yet —yet it might have been un pleasant for Pliilip. Mo wa* placed in a very awkward position by tho action of his friend, and—Pshaw LA could never have come to that—Pauline s ainanced husband in tho dock for murder! No, it is too hor rible to think of !" ... Ho put tho little diary back into, the drawer, and again took the shot to. the lamp. . „ 1 At that moment. Pauline entered the room, but so quietly that her entry wiw? un observed. Tho doctor was lost in contem plation of tho object in his hand. He turned to look at her as she came to his side, and noticed that her face was pale and her eyes showed signs of recent weep ing. / ‘ ‘ . '■ “What is that, father i'L she asked, quiet ly, looking at the object in the doctoVa open palm. “Nothing, Paulino ;i nothing, n he replied, turning away from her and dropping the little piece of lead into a brass ash-tray on the mantelshelf. “It sounds, like metal/' said the inquisi tive girl, taking up the ash-tray and picking out the shot, "Why; it is—what is she asked, looking up into her father’s face with a ; half smile. * v “It is tho shot which, killed rour disap pointed lover, Eddie Wilde/' said the doc tor, gravely. She gave o and a frightened cry and dropped the sinister thing into the tray,' , , . , “Father, why did yaiv let me touch it?" <sho cried. ’Why did you not tell,mo? How horrible! horrible!”' : "I am glad you appreciate tho awfulnoss of it, Paulino/' he said //'it is indeed a ter-, riblo thing, for a man to shed his blood for lovo of a woman." . : Pauline struggled with her feeling for n moment, then dropped into one of the spa cious armchairs, arid burst into tears. “Oh, it was horrible) horrible I” she cried, passionately. • I'eoplc stare at mo, and point at mo in tne streets, as though it wore my fault- And Phil, too—he is utterly wretched and changed. It has altered /ir. lovo for me—or something, she sob- 1 bed. "I would to heaven it had, Paidine,” said the doctor with unwonted fervor. . "I— don't think as much of Philip as I did.” "Father!” cried the astonished girl in a tone of reproof. "X didn’t like tho way he gave his evi dence at tho inquest. And when informed: that his friend’s dead body had been found I am told that ho did not seem at all con cerned- Ho did not even leave his room till called to the inquest. It was very strange behaviour, and people, you know will talk?” "But, father, did you not aeo him at the inquest absolutely stunned with grief ?”_ “Yea, yes, certainly he did seem upset, poor follow, but then " "Then what, father ? Do not harbor un just thoughts against him? Tell me?" “Well, I fancied-—that is to say I-— Tho debtor halted awkwardly. - "Tell me?” "Well, it was a most unpleasant fancy, and no doubt an unjust one, but somehow, much as I regret to say so. it seemed to mo that—ho was nob speaking the truth!” “Father, how dare you!' cried Pauline, starting to her feel, her eyes flashing with anger and her bosom heaving tumultuously. "There, there, Pauline, don't ho angry with mo/' faltered the fond father with just a suspicion, of a gulp in his throit. Pauline had never spoken like this to him before. "I said it was unjust, but —but i go about a groat deal more than you' do, and I hoar What idle gossips say ; and —” "You know your suspicion is false/’ she said, Juuightily, her lips quivering with scorn and her eye# flashing- Dr, Chester looked at her in the dim light of tho shaded lamp and felt proud of his daughter; and yet, so strange are human contradictions, so angry with himself for being afraid of his own child. "L only stated it as a fancy, Pauline; I did not say it as a foot,” ho proceeded. “Mr. Markham, who very Kindly called this morning to inquire whether you had suf fered from iho ill effects of the painful events of the last few days, informed me that -the same fancy occurred to liim, and but for the interference of the'coroner, he would have felt it his duty, on behalf of the relatives of tho deceased whom he repre sented in as solicitor, to put some rather awkward questions to Philip-” “What questions?” demanded Pauline, imperiously. "Tut! tut! child; don t speak to me like that,” said the doctor, somewhat nettled .by her tone. "Father, do you not know what it is to lovo? Do you Enow what it is to have one you lovo slandered! It is worse than if you slandered me !" “Slandered, niy child ? Be reasonable!" “It is slander, I tell you, to hint at such a thing—'base slander. If tho whole world called Jiim a liar I would defend his integ rity. I know lie m the soul of honor.” “Yes, yes, my child. It is not a ques tion of honor, Pauli ae; merely unusual conduct, merely ——”, “Father, von are prejudiced against him because ho loves me. You—you aro jealous of him,” she cried, passionately. “Pauline i Pauline I” exclaimed The old man, piteously, touched to the quick. The impulsive daughter had hit hard and struck home. “Pauline, I only desire your happi ness.” Paulino, a little calmed, but with her pulses still throbbing violently, began to cry silently, ariff there was a painful pause. “Hot tern’s, too, were falling from the fond father’s eyes ; one hand was pressed to his heart, and he supported himself feebly against the table with the other, as ho half sobbed, half whispered, “Pauline, I didn’t mean to ” She saw Ins tears, and her passion, melted like ’early snow. Never had slip seen him thus moved. Her anger recoiled upon her self. "Father, father, forgive me,” cho cried. He extended his trembling hands and en folded her to hid bosom. "Father, I ought not to have spoken so- I am sorry, so sorry! Everytliing scorns to have gone wrong to-day." “Never mind, my child. I am getting old and feeble; I am unreasonable. Ton are all that is left to mo. and I am opt to think that nobody is good enough for you; for I am very proud of you, Pauline. I could,not live without you. my child. There there ! sit down beside me on the hassock, as you used to, and! you shall read me some thing from a cheerful book, and—and we’ll forget all unpleasantness.' “Yes, father,” # She sat herself on a low hassock by his side, with, a book upon her lap, and her head resting wearily upon the arm of Ids favorite chair. The old man rested peacefully, with his head thrown back, his hands clasped on his lap, and his eyes shut, as though lie wore about to sleep. But Pauline did not read,. She turned over the pages idly, fixing at last upon one, but not seeing a word of the text; only thinking—thinking of liim who was to her all the -life. The clock ticked on tho mantleshelf, and. the old man seemed to doze, in spite cf the storm rumbling without. Even the thunder did not wake Mm he slumbered peacefully on. It was not until that fearful crash which shook tho heavens and so scared the uoachers leaving the wood that she became alarmed, and tried to waken the sleeper for company. , - She touched him gently. There was no response. She shook him by the .arm, but he did not move. She started to her feet, and looked into his face. An ashen pallor had o'erspread it “Pother! father!” she shrieked. But the sold clay was still in death. She shook Mm again, and cried aloud for help. Vain her fears, vain her cries ; she could not call him back from the groat unknown. Dr, Chester was dead; and Pauline algne in the world. (To bo Continued.) Tho region about tho Dead Sea is one of the hottest places in the globe, and the sea is said to lose a million tons of water a day by evaporation. . - 