MR. MATTHEW O'SHANASSY. When Mr. Matthew O'Shanassy's health failed about five years ago the turf lost the services of a man who was a thorough sportsman, and a valued member of the V.R.C. committee. As a turf legislator Mr. O'Shanassy took a leading part in bringing about the licensing of the book maker. The idea was strongly opposed by Fome prominent bookmakers at the time, but it has worked well, and it would have worked better if the committee had not been so willing to let men in before they had been thoroughly tried. However, for some time past it has been a rare thing for a bookmaker to default, and this must be borne in mind when the V.R.G. are being criticised for letting in new men. Mr. O'Shanassy took a great interest in turf matters, and was very useful on the V.A.T.C. as well as the V.R.C. committee. His "false rail" did not take on as well as was expected, but although the false rail is no more it did good in this way. Several bad turns have been remodelled and made safe since Mr. O'Shanassy's idea was tried. We fancy the "rail" tried at Caul field might have been improved upon, and the way horses ran out at the last turn on Saturday shows that it badly wants improving. It cannot always be bad rid ing which causes horses to break out into the middle of the track as they did in nearly all the races last Saturday, Pro bably the best horse Mr. O'Shanassy ever owned was Boz, who won him the Hope ful Stakes and the Federal Stakes in 1887, , BOB - ttd pawed ont of Mr. Q'Shnw'f'* hand* before he. did his biggest things. W« before The Ghost, by r..'»vTT told that at one time lie owned the | Caulfield Cup winner Grace Darling, who,I like The Ghost, was leased to Mr. Duffett. ? A good horse that ran in his name was the Caulfield Cup winner Chicago, but Mr. O'Shanassy was at the most part owner with Mr. F. McEvoy. We fancy Mr. O'Shanassy had a very small interest in Chicago. In giving 2,000 guineas for Singa pore at Mr. White's final sale he made his very worst bargain in horseflesh, as the A .J.C. Derby winner was only a good horse for about one month of his three or four: years' career, and Mr. O'Shanassy perse vered with him for three sea sons. Some years ago Mr. O'Shanassy trained with James Wilson, jun., J and Silver Prince was a disap pointing horse he owned. O'Trigger and Homespun, trained for him by E. Power, did pretty well, but about this time his health began to go, and afterwards his horses were leased. When he went to England in search of brood mares about 1890 Mr. O'Shanassy took a letter to Mat thew Dawson, the "grand old man" of Eng- i lish racing. Mr. Dawson took a fancy to! the then stalwart Victorian, and having heard that he was in search of a few nice mares to take to Aus tralia, he offered to attend some sales which were coming on and purchase for him. Needless to say, this offer was grate fully accepted, and it is also needless to say that the result was entirely satsfactory. Mr. O'Shanassy got some of the best-bred marea in England, and got them at very reason able prices. We saw half-a-dozen of them on a visit to Carbine at Lerderderg. As a lot, they were not beauties, but the blood was there, and this, in a thoroughbred mare, is a matter which stands before good looks. Unfortunately, Mr. O'Shanassy's mares were wasted for several years through being put to horses of his own, which were handy (this was when he was ill), instead of being mated with more suitable horses not so easy to come at. However, this policy was changed with some of them later on, and last year 810 guineas was received for Maltster. This was the highest price for a yearling in 1899, and Maltster has proved worth the money, while La Cara bine has lately been doing great things for the stud. The loss of Mr. O'Shanassy brings about the reflection that he is by no means the only good man the turf has lost from various causes during the last few years. Mr. James White, Mr. W. A. Long, Mr. W. Pearson, Mr. S. Hor dern, Mr. W. T. Jones, Mr. S. H. Gollan, Mr. W. Gannon, and Mr. C. M. Lloyd were all very prominent owners, most of them within the last decade, and although Mr. D. S. Wallace's colours are still seen oc casionally, he does not race as he did in the days of Calma, Megaphone, Le Grand, and Carbine. Then a few years back Sir Thomas Elder and the Messrs. Cooper were owners who raced in the proper way. It is a great pity new men do not come for ward to fill these great gaps in the ranks of our owners. Mr. W. R. Wilson is a splendid acquisition acquired since 1890. Sir Rupert Clarke," the Messrs. Manifold, the Messrs. Wilson, of Ercildoune, and a few others have taken up racing on a smal ler scale, but we want more rich men with the pluck to buy good yearlings and try to win high-cla6fl races. If we cannot get them, then we (bust look to the totalisator to increase stakes and enable fresh owners who cannot afford to spend thousands over a hobby to come in and get their amuse ment at a smaller cost than can be done where horses must be backed in the hope jof making them pay their way. 