SAO LUNG'S GHOSTS. "What's the matter old chap? You look very worried." "Don't know about looking worried," Forrester answerd. "I certaiinly feel deuced puzzled, Clayton.- Those creepy occurrences are still going on in my bun- galow; and, as I told you before, I loathe anything I can't get to the bottom of in the first half-hour." He put his white sun hat down on the table and wiped the perspiration from his forehead. "Take -my word for it," said Clayton, "you'll find out that that precious Chi- nese clerk of yours is at the bottom of it all. Jove! I wouldn't have that crea- ture about me for all the wealth in Prince Tuan's palace!" They're everyone of them alike, Clay- ton." Forrester answered. "There never was a Chinaman yet who was one degree better than his neighbour. I know you disapprove of Sao Lung. But Sao Lung is useful. He knows my work, and does for me-which is a mighty consideration in a climate where all your natural en- ergy is used up in the stewing process." "Does your work and steals your mon- ey," Clayton said ironically "and spends his leisure time manufacturing ghosts to scare you out of your bungalow. What is the last develooment, old man ?" "Oh, a howling dog, or something. The most devilish; unearthly row you ever listened to, Clayton! I tell you no man's nerves could stand it for more than a week. Last night there was a particu- larly prolonged and dismal hown. It brought Sao Lung into my presence, wearing a sickly grin on his oblique countenance." "Yes." "I banged him out of the room again pretty smartly. You know my way with Celestials, old chap. He came back, however, and in a solemn voice declared that that especially gruesome howl was intended to mark the- fall of Peking. Clayton laughed heartily. "At his picturesque yarns again, is he?" he exclaimed. "Why the deuce don't you horsewhip him, Forrester?" But Forrester was inclined to take the thing far more seriously. "There might be some truth in these yarns of his about the Boxer upris- ings." he said, rather gloomily. His wife and child were in Peking. Clayton laughed again. "And if what he says is in any way right, Clayton, you and I are in a bit of a hole out here," Forrester wound up in the same despondent voice. His last speech caused a short silence to fall between them. And no wonder. They would indeed be in a bit of a hole if Sao Lung was for once telling some- what of the truth. "But he isn't." Clayton remarked confidently. "Never has done so yet. Why should he now? No old fellow, I'll take you anything you like Sao Lung is playing some deep game, and you and I have got to get the better of him if we can." The mysterious noises in Forrester's bamboo-shed--dignified with the name of bungalow--continued. Forrester was in no degree superstitious-but it would have been idiotic to attempt to discredit the sounds. They existed only too surely, and he chafed horribly because he could not discover the source from which they emanated. "It is the great Io Spirit, master," Sao Lung would say, with a cheerful grin. "Master look velly despondee. Master makee cheeree up. Spirit seekee vengeance. Spirit wantee water, wantee water. Master give me money for spirit, then Dog dryee up. Spirit Io go to Pelking--ah, Peking, allee pool- lee blood." He had said it so often that Forres- ter at last began to fear that the yellow scoundrel was speaking the truth- about Peking, that is, Clayton still maintained that Lung was playing a game. "How do you get your news?" he said sarcastically to the Chinaman. Lung eyed him carefully. "That velly mysterious," he said. "Me findee out. Velly, velly mysteri- ous though. Alle foreign devils mur- dered in Peking one night; Sao Lung he makee know next night. That sur- prisee Englishmanee velly muchee, eh?" "No, it does not surprise me, you ly- ing imp," Clayton answered. "I know they dare not murder anyone in Peking." "Alee -onee! Allee gonee!" Sao Lung bewailed hypocritically. "English man not makee believee: Englishman velly fool. Peking one bigee grave; one bigee poolee blood. Spirit Io--the velly good friend of my family-he come and tellee me. He poor spirit velly poor--he wantee money, wantee water. Englishman give me money for Io, he sendee Boxers - allee kingdom comee." Clayton and Forrester were in charge of a mill, which they had not been able to operate for some days past because the wells had run dry of water. "Englishmanee givee fifty pouns-- " "Get out of this you grinning old da- mon!" Clayton roared. "And see here, Lung, if I catch you at any more of your games in Mr. Forrester's bunga- low, I'll pitch you headlong into one of the wells, and then see if we'll get any a water!" Lung looked sorrowful as he shuffled away. That night Forrester's bungalow was a positive pandemonium. There was a dog which howled incessantly, and a peacock which screeched a ghastly ac- companiment to him. Forrester felt sure he was going mad. He was in the middle of writing a letter to his little wife in Peking when the ghostly con- cert began and it sent him nearly crazy. He ramped round the place; shouted for Lung, who did not appear: then finally got down his loaded revolver. He toyed with it aimlessly for an odd minute or so, suddenly cocked it, and sent the contents into the thin bamboo partitions which answered for walls. The place looked funny when he had finished. He stood laughing hysterically at his work, when Sao Lung shuffled into the room with a profound bow. His teeth were chattering together, his limbs were shaking, and his speech was thick. "Master makee plactice any more?" he inquired. "I've no need to practise." Forrester answered. "I'm merely going on till I have shot that confounded animal, and put an effectual stop to his fiendish howl- ing." "Master no makee shootee any more," San Lung pleaded, his yellow skin so livid that it was almost white. Forrester quickly proceeded to reload his revolver. "Master mak-ee no more shootee," Lung went on hoarsely. "Me velly velly frightened. Alle spirits angry; seekee vengeance. Master see!" He suddenly produced a huge poster, which he had carried folded up in one of his pockets. Forrester knew sufficient Chinese to gather immediately what it meant. It was one of Prince Tuan's'celebrated edicts, inciting the people to rebel against the oppression of the foreign devils; to spill every drop of the foreign spirits, and to return to their own religion. The work had already been performed in Pe- king, it stated, and let the people hasten to finish the work elsewhere. The perspiration gathered on Forres- ter's forehead. "Merciful Heavens!" he groaned, "Can it after all be true?" His little beloved wife was in Peking. He had left her there with the child because he thought the loneliness of the place he was going to would, be bad for her. She would be the only white wo- man there, and he did not want that. He tried to picture what might have happened to her now if this thing in front of his eyes were true. His brain reeled, refusing to help him. He stag- gered out of the bungalow and went to sit in heavy speechlessness on the foot of Clayton's bed. The next few days were pregnant with uncertainty. One day Sao Lung's spirit Io would come to tell him that all the foreigners in Peking were safe. The next he would have a ghastly yarn of Oriental horror to relate. How they all had been mas- sacred-women, children, men--their blood flowing one big pool. Thus Lung kept Clayton and Forres- ter on tenter hooks. He knew he had them there, and his ugly oblique visage grew more complacent every day. They could get no news save that he was pleased to tell them: and when they questioned him as to the source of his information, he would merely smile. A Chinaman's smile is a quaint thing to wit- ness. "Velly mysterous! Velly mysterious!" he would mutter, as he shuffled away, keeping the corners of his oblique eyes on Clayton. The noises in Forrester's bungalow, for the time being had ceased: Sao Lung shuffled with a mysterious limp, and that seemed to be the end of it. One morning Clayton received a bun- dle of papers from Shanghai coming by way of the rivers, on the person of a Mandarin. For two mortal hours, Clayton sat staring at the news these papers brought. They spoke of Boxer upris- ings;- of butchery and massacre; of angry gods and revenging spirits. Above all of the tragedy of Peking. It was the story much as Sao Lung had been unfolding it for some weeks past. Lies, Clayton had called it. Lies from start to finish. Here in front of him, in black and white were the self- same lies. Were they lies and how had Lung chanced to strike them. After all, it seemed as though the ugly rascal's ghosts would be worth some investiga- tion. When Forrester looked in, there was no sign of the Shanghai papers, any- where to be seen. Clayton started and questioned him immediately. What's Lung doing?" he asked, casually. "Had any communications from his precious spirit yet to-day?" Forrester shook his head "You only pooh-pooh the whole thing, old chap," he answered heavily. "Forrester," Clayton said suddenly, "What do you say if we clear out of this hole and make for Peking ?" "Why should we?" "Don't know. It's deuced lonely!" "Yes, but we've signed a contract to stay. And there's all that money belong- ing to the company in my safe. No old man, we've got to see it through, what- ever happens." "Even a Boxer rebellion?" "Oh, those are all Sao Lung's lies!" "Of course. Most infernal lies, that ever walked! But suppose there did turn out to be something in his ghost stories, though?" Forrester looked at him earnestly. "Are you going that way now, old chap?" he asked. "Have you heard any thing?" Clayton evaded the last question. "You've been so dead against it all," Forrester added. "You've laughed at Sao Lung, and called him the biggest liar who ever walked the earth. Small wonder. How could he get any infor- mation we did not receive? " He is as far away from things as we are. And yet-" Suddenly he grasped Clayton's arm. "Old chap," he whispered, "is it true about Peking?" "No," Clayton answered steadily. "But it might be true that the Boxers have risen. See here, old man, I think you and I might as well collect the com- pany's money and clear out of this. It's all bally rot to dump two white men down out here, and order them to work the mill when they must have known there wouldn't be any water." Thus it was decided that they should go. When they came to collect the com- pany's money, - however, there wasn't any company's money! Forester's safe had been cautiously broken open, and absolutely cleaned out. Even the coolies' wages'were gone. "This about ruins us, old man," Clay- ton remarked quietly. There's no point in our leaving now. We may as well stay here for the Boxers to play with. They're a nice' crowd!" Here Sao Lung appeared. His limp had been getting worse and worse, though his grin was as broad and com- placent as ever. "Where's the money, you yellow de- mon?" Clayton wheeled round on him suddenly. Lung trembled. "Look here, you scoundrel, if every cent of it isn't back on that table in half an hour, I'll do what I threatened pre- viously. Pitch you headlong into one of the wells. They're all deep." For once the complacency died out of Sao Lung's grin. In fact, for once he did not grin at all. He jabbered and spluttered incoherently about not know- ing anything concerning the money. He kept his cunning eye on Clayton. Clay- ton did not believe in his ghosts, and the yellow scoundrel feared him. Boxers comee!" he said at last. "Al- lee comee, master! Allee comee! Box- ers takee Englishmanee's eyes out. Stickee Englishmanee in 'ee ground. Ha, ha! Tear Englishmanee's nails out drink Englishmanee's blood. Ha, ha! Ha! ha!" Clayton brought him back by the pig tail. ''Do you hear?" he thundered. "If the money you stole out of this safe isn't here in half an hour, I'll be the death of you. Lung was right about the Boxers; they were indeed. coming, forty or fifty of them. Clayton and Forrester found it out in time to try and hide them- selves. "Sure to track us wherever we are," Clayton remarked. "Suppose we may as well make some kind of a dash for it, though. Won't they enjoy playing with us, old chap? Can't you hear Sao Lung? Boxers takee Englishmanee's eyes out! Stickee Englishmanee in 'ee ground." He mimicked the Chinaman splendid- ly, who, by the way, had not been seen for two or three hours. Where had he got to? Clayton and Forrester did make a dash for it, and presently found themselves in the vicinity of an old pagoda. From it were issuing the most dismal howls and shrieks human ears ever listened to. "Lung's ghosts !" Clayton said, laconi- cally. "So they came here, did they. when your revolver practice frightened them away from your bungalow, For rester? This will do for us." He dived in among the ruins, beckon- ing his companion to follow. "If it's safe for Lung's ghosts, it's safe for us." he said. Suddenly in a corner they espied the great Lung himself. He was squatting in front of an old image of Buddha, his body swaying backwards and forwards, his arms lovingly encircling Forrester's cash-box, and his mouth emnitting most unearthly noises it is possible to im- agine. "Jove this is lovely!" gasped Clayton, in a whisper, nearly choked with laugh ter. "His ghosts have found him out, old fellow. Don't let him know yet awhile that we are here. See the game, Forrester? He's playing off his ghosts on the superstition of the Boxers. He was afraid they'd rob him of that money of ours. Well at any rate, you and I are safe, and so is the money. Lung has been too clever for himself this time. Didn't I tell you from the first that it was he who was causing all the commo- tion in your bungalow?" They remained quiet behind some of the ruins. Presently the Boxers could be heard coming in the direction of the temple. The swaying of Sao Lung's body increased; so did his diabolical noises. They were hideous enough to startle the dead, much less a parcel of superstitious Chinamen. They came near enough to hear them: heard them; fled! The place was in the possession of the Evil One: they yelled frantically as they rushed away from the spot haunted by Sao Lung's ghosts. When all was again quiet Lung laugh- ed softly to himself, and rose to his feet. Clayton went over and touched him on the shoulder. The Chinaman's yellow skin did actually turn white for a minute. Forrester's cash-box went clat- tering on to the stone floor. Clayton picked it up. "Mercy! Mercy!" cried Lung between his chattering teeth. "Me never makee do it, master! Me never makee do it! Mercy, mercy!" "You never did what?" they asked,to-. gether. "Me never makee do it!" was all they could get out of him. What they wanted to know they gath- ered from numberless scraps of paper they found in the outhouse he had in- habited. He had been in league with one of the company's clerks to steal the mon- ey both knew that Forrester possessed. Lung was a coward however, and, for a lone time funked it. Then the idea of the ghosts occurred to him. That would drive Forrester away, he thought, and things would be easy. On the pieces of paper were written accounts of what was being done"' by the Boxers. They had been sent from the clerk at Shanghai to Sao Lung by every boat which traded up the river. The story of the tragedy of Peking. they evidently decided, would finish the work of the ghosts, and sent For- rester off post haste to make authentic inquiries. And but for Clayton their plan would have succeeded. He was the stumbling- block. Lung must have been finally driven, to desperation, when he committed the theft. He was too great-a coward to do it except under severest pressure. Within the next day or two Forres- ter got a letter through from his little wife, and the gloom fell from his coun- tenance. As soon as possible he would chuck up his present lonely billet and go back to her. Say Lung, what's the Great Spirit Io been doing with your leg?" Clayton asked before they left. Lung exposed a revolver wound deep in the fleshy part of his calf. The two Englishmen laughed. "So I did manage to hit a ghost after all!" said Forrester. "See' here, Lung" advised Clayton, "if Io doesn't condescend to heal that leg in a week from now, you'd better take it to a medicine man. It's a deuced nasty place. Have you offered Io any money? Fifty pounds say? He'll do, anything for fifty pounds. Jolly accommodating spirit, Io - isn't he?" Lung grinned to the last. But his com- placency was all gone. And a China- man is nothing if not complacent. - "Illustrated Mail." 