THE WflfilD'S GREAT SNARE. ./'*_ (BYE. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM.) % -A»thor of 'Mysterious Mr. Sabln.' ? Aia -a Man Uves,' 'A Daughter of the Marldnis,' etc.* ? CHAPTER VIII— A CORNER OF THE ' CtfRTAIN. The men were late coming f vom their work that evening. The twilight was merging into darkness, and a few fireflies were com mencing to dart about in the valley, when she heard their- voices approaching. The Englishman and Pete Morrison stood talking for several moments at the door of the tat ter's dwelling, but though she strained her ears, she could not catch any part of their conversation. Presently, she heard a brief good-night pass between them, and the Eng lishman's massive figure came towering through the darkness She stepped back into the shanty, put the lamp on the table where his supper was carefully spread, and stood waiting for him with beating heart. There was nothing more she could do. She had put on the gown which she had jealously car ried with her through all thoge days of toil :md misery, and she had done her richjiair in the manner he liked best Everything in side the shanty was as neat and tidy and clean as it could be made. She stood, there waiting, her eyes soft with unshed tears, and the color coming and going in her cheeks. She could even hear her heart beating under neath her dress. It seemed to her that her fate would be written in his face. ; . : He flung open the door of the shanty and entered, stooping low. When he drew him self up she was unable to decide immediately whether his countenance was favorable or not. He nodded to her kindly, but in an ab stracted manner, and — he did not seem to notice her gown. Her Up quivered pitifully. 'You're late, Bryan,' she said. 'Your sup per's all ready.' She came and stood over by his side. He put his arm around her waist and kissed her, ?You're a regular little Englishwoman,' he declared, glancing round. 'Shouldn't have thought that you'd have been up to rougmag it like this. By Jove, Myra, how handsome yon are!' He held her out at arm's length and looked at her. The soft color glowed in her cheeks, and her eyes flashed with joy 'Am I?' she whispered. 'Guess I like yoa to think so.' He looked at her steadily, and a cloud passed over his face. He was thinking of ..the future, nearer than ever it eeeemed to-night, when the day of their parting must come. What would become of her? What manner of life was there in which she could find hap piness, and keep herself from sinking deeper into the slough from the borders of which he had snatched her? That very beauty, which it seemed to him that until then he had never properly appreciated, now all the more glorious for its pitiful surroundings, troubled him. It was too fair a thing to be coupled with a tarnished life. 'Well, let's have supper,' he said sudden ly. 'I had a huge wash in the river, and I've an appetite, I can tell you.' They sat down together. Her relief was too great for her to eat. But suddenly a cold chill ran through her blood. Her heart sank. Suppose Pete had not, after all, mentioned the morning's adventure? He happened to be looking at her, and he noticed the change in her countenance. 'What's up, Myra?' he inquired, setting down the tin pannikin which he had been in the act of lifting to his lips. 'Seen a ghost?' She looked at hiin. and suddenly leaned forward. 'Has Pete Morrison told you about this morning?' she asked, breathlessly. He frowned and went on with his supper. 'Yes. That beast ,Tim came up and fright ened you, didn't he? We've been too hard at work to talk much, and Pete isn't much of a hand at a yarn. I'd like to hear you tell i me just what happened.' I She stood up and locked her hands ner I rously in one another. I 'Yes, I want to tell you,' she said. 'I want I to tell you very much. You've never heard how it was that I becaine-r-what I am. , I should like to tell you.' She was very pale, but a dull red spot was blazing in either cheek. Her bosom was heaving and her breath was coming sharply. The Englishman moved uneasily in. his I chair. He hated a scene, and the girl's agi i;nioQ aistressea mm. 'No. I wouldn't talk about it. Myra,' he said. 'I know that it wasn't your fault, of course.' She shook her head. 'I must tell you a little— not all. I shan't make a long story of it. My father was a timber man on the Mel lin River, about a hundred miles from San Francisco. I lived with him, and I hated it I had no mother, no sisters or brothers. One day he died, and I was alone in the world. I went to try and find an aunt in San Fran cisco. I was about 16 then. She was very poor, and very cruel to me; but I shared her i roof, and I worked as a waitress in a restau rant. There was a young man who came | there, who offered to marry me. I was utterly | miserable, and I agreed at once. I cared no thing for him, and told him so. He did not mind; he wanted me, anyhow. So I married him. In three days I left him. He told me that he had another wife alive, that our mar riage was only a sham; and when I declared that I should leave him, that very instant, he tried to beat me. 'I went to my aunt. She turned me away with an oath. Then I took another situation. In a week or two he found me out. He beg ged me to go back. I refused. He left me money. I threw it at him. He did not break into oaths, as I had expected, but he went away quietly. He sent me money through the post. I would not use it. He came back again, and threw himself at my feet, implor ing me to go back and live with him. Again I refused. Soon after, I lost my situation through him, I discovered afterwards. I was starving. Then he came to me again. He was quiet, and even gentle with me. He beg ged and begged, until at last, in despair, I con sented to go back to him. He treated me well for awhile. Then I discovered why. 'He had a friend, or rather a master, who had been pleased to admire me. What the hideous compact was, I do not know, but his, only object in getting me back was to hand me over to this man— for a price. I was to be sold like an animal. The man who had de ceived me was to pass me on to his master. It was a bargain between them. After weeks of persecution, I came to know of it. I do not try to tell you of the hideousness of these days; I dare not let myself think of them. -Only if an eternal hell opened before my feet side by side with a renewal of them, I should choose hell! I— oh, GoS! I cannot bear to think of them!' She wrung her hands, and a curious, strain ed look came into her features. Her eyes were full of horror. She swayed, and would have fallen, but the Englishman leaned over and passed his strong arm arbund her. 'Poor little woman!' he said, tenderly. His tone aeted upon her like magic. She fell on her knees, and 'hid her face upon his chest, sobbing as though her heart would bieak. Wisely he let her be, and as soon as the storm was over, he lifted her easily on to bis knee. . . 'Look here,' he whispered. 'What's the good of raking all this up? I' don't want to know anything about it I'd rather not' She shook her head. 'You don't .. under stand!' she said. 'I must tell you. I shan't mind so much now. Bryan, these men were like fiends to me. I had made up my mind to die before I gave in. It wasn't that I minded —the actual wickedness so much, but I hated that other man — oh, how I hated him! They treated me sometimes like gaolers, sometimes they brought me diamonds, and sometimes they tried to starve me. One night the other man came in alone. I — I can't go on. I was desperate^ and I stabbed him. '?'. He wasn't much hurt, but he .was frightened, and I got away. I was 'Utterly mad; 4 J had not. a friend in- the world, arid no money. I gave up all hope of leading a good- t|fe. 1 1 came down to Jose's Cafe, stnd I s%m you. Toil were kinder to me than «nyone'?haa. ever been in my iJffjeJiLnd: your face was honest. |?ouknow~ the reet of that. Wewgre ibgefherfor the hap^ piest two months t'1raa~'ever haiL Then you left me, and I.thofcgnt ifcy, fce&rt; wonloV break. I was afraid to be alone. The other man wad pitiless, and, he was strong. I was horribly afraid of ttim.: He wa& rich enough to have a whole .army of ruffians to back him wp, and I shivered when I thought of vsrnat he might do. Then that letter came for- you, and the same day I saw him in his carriage, and a strange man followed me home. I was wild with fright, and you know what I did. I fol lowed yo'u here.' '. He patted her cheek, and Smoothed the hair from her forehead. 'Well, you're aafe. enough here, little wo man,' he said, with gruff kindliness. 'I don't see what you want to lo&k; so scared for.' She lifted her face to his. 'i haven't told you yetl' she said In a hoarse whisper. 'Bryan, that man you call Jim Hamilton is the man who betrayed me. His real name is Maurice Huntly. He Is an Englishman.' ? 'By thunder!' The Englishman's face was a study. The half -vexed sympathy with which he had been regarding the girl upon his knee had alto gether vanished. His face exhibited nothing but the blankest astonishment and wonder. 'You won't give me up to him?' she whis pered. 'No, I won't give you up,' he promised ab sently. 'Maurice Huntly! My OodJ' ' She \ooked at him fixedly. A new light was breaking in upon her. ' '. ' ' 'You know— something about him,' she cried breathlessly. ? 'Not much,' he answered, with a short laugh. 'Only that he is the man whom I have co-me five thousand miles to find. Huntly! Maurice Huntly! My God!' CHAPTER IX.— A NEW PARTNERSHIP. The stranger pursued his way with some difficulty down the canon, and eventually reached the level without accident. Here he paused to take breath and look around. To the right the old bed of the river wound through a fertile valley, and here it was that the bulk of the gold-digging was being done. In the distance a few dark figures with lan terns in then* hands were still bending over their work, but the great majority had finish ed for the day, and in the dim light the great deserted space, with its occasional mounds of fresh-dug earth, and a few rude shafts stand ing up against the naked sky, had a weird, ghostly appearance. The stranger, ? whose nerves appeared to be none of the strongest, shivered and led his mule away, following the track to the left. ' He turned round a steep promontory, and found himself at once in the midst of the settlement. There were about a score of roughly put to gether wooden shanties, and one long pine board building, in front of which several oil lamps were flaring steadily away in the breathless air. Most of the dwellers in the place seemed vto be gathered round the latter building, although a few remained leaning against the walls of their shanties smoking alone. A few yards apart, a dozen ct two Chinese were squatting on the ground round a large tent, playing cards by the light of seve ral flickering candles. The arrival of the stranger was the signal for a universal stir. The group arbund Cooper's store all ceased talking, and turning round, sa luted Mm with various exclamations. The men who had been lounging alone forgot their unsociability in the unwonted excitement, and crowded round him. Even the Chinese threw down their cards, and gazed upon the new comer open-mouthed. 'Any more of yer, matey?' 'What's the gang?' 'Say, have you brought the mail?' 'Got a newspaper, pard?' 'Hitch him up; there's a nail!' ; There wae a momentary silence at last. It was felt that the stranger ought to be given a chance to declare himself. He fastened his mule awkwardly up as directed, and stood on the threshold of the store looking round into the rough, toil-hardened faces by which he was surrounded, with some little trepidation. Then he scratched his head feebly, and tried to an swer their questions. After the deep bas3 voices which had assailed him, his shrill, qua vering tone sounded oddly. 'I'm quite alone,' he said. 'I had a part ner, but he has gone to Christopher's Creek. He went off with all my tools, as well as his own. I've been twenty days on the way from San Francisco. I didn't bring a newspaper. I'm going to get something to eat and drink. I'm afraid it won't run to drinks round, but if a bottle of whi6ky ? ' 'Hurrah!' 'Bravo, little 'un!' 'That's bully!' The stranger found his speech brought to- an abrupr termination and himself carried off his feet in the sudden rush to get inside the store. ; He stood in no little danger of being knocked down and trampled on, but Mr. Hamilton, with a consideration which was highly creditable, caught hold of him by the middle, and lifirng him bodily up, deposited him, limp and breath less, in a chair before a long wooden table. TL'en he joined the rest of the crowd round the bar. The storekeeper, with the bottle of whisky under his arm, leaned over towards the new comer, j 'Seven dollars, guv'nor,' he announced gruffly. 'Tip if up, and I open the stuff.' The new-comer produced a slender roll of ; gi-eet-backs, and counted out the money. A . dozen hands were extended to pass it over,' and a slight gulp of relief passed through th-j little crowd when it was seen that the money was to be forthcoming. Blue River prices were, high, and there had been some apprehen sion lest the stranger might withdraw from ; his generous offer. i The bottle was drained to the last drega ! Then one or two of the men brought their liquor over, and sat down at the table. Mr. Hamilton had secured the place next the stranger. - j 'Dan,' he shouted, turning round, 'come and ? take the gentleman's order. Didn't ypu hear ; him say that he was hungry? Come and wait on your patrons, you idiot!' 'What's 'e want?'' inquired th'e storekeeper, lounging over the bar. 'Can't he give it a name?' ; 'Whar's the menu? Guess that?s what he's waiting for,' remarked one of the loungers at the table. 'Reckons it's Delmonieo's. Fitch the lobster salad, Dan.' \- Mr, Hamilton brought his fist down on the table with a weighty bang, and glared savage ly around. 'Shut Tip, you blarsted fools! Stranger, there's boiled rabbit and onion sauce. Can you eat boiled rabbit? You can. Good, so can I! Dan, send round two platefuls— plate- fuls, mind, and don't stump It— of boiled rab bit. We wiil select the wines later. Mates,' he added, looking down the table with lower ing brows, 'this gentleman is my friend. Yoa understand!' He touched his belt There was no spoken answer, but in a .minute or two the table was empty. One by one they got tip and lounged outside. The only man amongst them whose face was at all kindly .glanced at the stranger as he passed, half in contempt, half compas sionately. It was as well fox him . that he could not bear their remarks when they came together outside. It might have spoilt his ap petite. : : ??? ? r . 3Ir. Hamilton and the strahger were soon alone in - the store. Their supper had arrived and was half finished before either evinced any desire for conversation Then Mr. Hamil ton, stm trifling with his fo)£^lea£ea;ba-sk:lii his chair, and steadfastly watching his cam? panion, asked a question 'Stfame, pal?' ? ? . ? .. The stranger leaned over. 'Eh? J beg ' ; ' u ' , #!_-??- 'What's your name, I askeii?' '?Oh! Christopher Skein. What's yours?' 'Hamilton. Jim Hamilton here, Huntly in 'Frisco. Maurice Huntly, Esq., when I'm In luck. What the hell's the matter with you ?' '.'Mr: -Skein was evidently nervous. He Md dropped' his knife and fork, and had disappear ed after them under the table. When lie r-e- Tanned ;an upright position, there was a tinge of dull brick color in-his cheeks, ana his little ? eyes were brighter than ever. ? i ! 'I'm all right,' hedeclared briskly— 'right &a; ? ninepence. Let's have some more liquor! I'll j pay! Name it!' j 'Brandy!' growled Mr. .Hamilton. His 1 companion's suddenly increased hilarity was making him suspicious. It was time to pump him dry. 'Say* what have you come for?' he began, folding his arms upon the table, and leaning heavily forward. 'Is it the gold fever that brought you, or are you on any little lay of your own, .eh? Straight now; no lies! By thunder, I'm not the man to tell lies io: Just you remember that, my weasel!' (To be continued.) ' 