OUR POLLY. I can remembor, as clearly as if it were yesterday, when tho littlo waif first camo to us, and what an odd looking mite of a thing she was. It was near tho ciosc of n balmy day in Juno. ' I was seated on tho piazza with Freddie,our youngest pet, playingat my feet, when, looking down across tho meadows, I saw a blue gingham sun-bonnet bobbing up.and down in the long grass. As it emerged from tho field into the path that, led through tho garden into the houso'I saw that thowearor of it-was a mere child,though dreasod in so old a way/ as to look like a littlo woman. _ Tho small' faco ■ was nearly lost in the )Sig sun-bonnet, whose capo fell nearly 10 her waist, while tho skirt of tho Bcant calico dress touched her heels; .A .three-cornered -ker chiof, folded; demurely across tho bosom completed tho quajnt costume. She made no pauso to her smooth, gliding motions until the'stood dircctly in front of mo. Then dropping a littlo courtesy,; which brought tho hem of her -dress down to tho floor, she said, in.d small, piping voice : "Please, mem,.; I'm Polly Burton. It's raiiied so,much,this,.week that mam couldn't git all my things dried; she'll send Tom with the rest of'em Saturday." I gazed at;th6 spe'aker in astonishment and ' dismay, jobri had spoken about getting iiio a little girl 'to take 'caro.of Freddie and run. errands, but what could he be thinking of to Bend a mere baby life this 1 - "How.doyou do]' Polly ?"I said,"kindly. " I'm afraid you are too small to suit my purpose. Tnlre off your bonnet and let mo 'Bee how you look." ' Polly obeyed, revealing a face quite a* odd-looking a'B the rest of lier. The flaxen hair was drawn tightly back and twisted in a little bob at tho back of tho head, making tlie features look smaller, in which was the rold look bo often seen in the faces of the children of the poor. The round blue eyes; looked fearlessly into mine, and there wag something pleasing about the whole.face, though it was far from a pretty one. " What can you do?" " Heaps," wan the confident reply, " I can ivosh dishes, sweep, scour knives, run errandB. and take care of baby." I smiled as Polly ran glibly over her list of accomplishments. ■ " How old are you?". ■ " 'Leven." ' " You are small for your ago." " Tcs'm; I don!tget time to grow." ■ • As I looked at the small hands, brown and hardened with toil, arid the Blight shoulders that were beginning to stoop witli the un timely burthens they had borne, I felt that there was a good deal of truth in those quaintly-spoken words. "You can stay to-night, at oil events," I said, " I will talk with the doctor when he comes homo and see what he says." Ten minutes later Polly was seated on tho steps of tho piazza munching a thick slice of bread and butter with evident satisfac tion, her bright eyes glancing about in every direction. " Have you a mother. Polly?*' " Sort o't and -«brt o' not, She ain't my own ma; my own ma in dead." " Is your father, dead, loo?" " No, mum; he's skipped." " He's done what?" I said, looking at the small face in amazement, and thinking that I must have misunderstood hor. " He's skipped—run off," explained Polly, in condescending pity at my .ignorance. .When John camo homo I expressed my doubts |n regard to., ).hn new investment hn had made far. my benefit, declaring that it was likely to give mo the care of two babies instead of one. " Not at all, my dear," responded that in dividual, as he took a cup of tea from my hand. " Polly is no^baby. She's dono more work during-the eleven years of her life than most women at twenty. I attended tho children when thoy had tho measles—there's nine of 'em—and I iiover saw such a patient, willing,, industrious littto body in my life. " But thoro aro tho oliildren to think-of," 1 said; " and her languago is so queer. She spoke about her father having skipped." " Did she?" lnughcd John. She's a comical little thing, but there's nothing bad about her. She has picked up these expressions, you seo. By the timo the children are old enough to bo harmed any way, you will have remedied all that, I daro say." This was tho way that " our Polly " be camo domiciled with John and me. Willi hor hair neatly braided and her dresses shortened, and made otherwise more suitable for hor years my little handmaiden presented quite another appearance, but Bho still - re tained tho quaint speech and old-fashioned womanly ways that contrasted so oddly with the child-faco and form. Put to work as soon as she could run' alone, she had kiiown no childhood. Slio alluded to those of her own age as 'the children" never classing herself imonp them, , spoaking about what sho used to do " when sho was little," as though that timo'was far away in the dim past. .Tnlto it all in all, Polly was quito a char acter, and amused lind interested a good doal. Slio -was quito a help to mo too, especially in the care of Jonnio and Freddio, who got to bo very fond of her; Sho was as honest as tho sun, and I never know her to take the least thing without asking for it. ■ One day bIio ran into tho houso, saying: ; There's a hungry man at tho gate. Can't I givo him somo'of tho cold bread- and meat vut of the pantry?" I assented, without thinking much about \- it.* The next'day'she came to mo with tho .'same request.- -Gbing to tho window,I looked. down to tfjp ga^ where {i stout heavily beard-' cd man Was standing, attired in a slouched, hat aiid a coat 'very, much the worse foe wear.' Ho was looking' eagerly" up to tho houso, but' turned liis head quickly away iwhen he saw mo. ' ■> 7 - • ," No, Polly,!'', I said;" this is a strong, nblo-bodicd man; and_it'swrong to encourage the idloncss that leads to crimo by feeding, such." V At this Polly hung her head saying: ■ " Ho snys ho hasn't lirid nothin' to eat to day,^ma'am. Can't X give him my supper ? I shan't need it. ' V Tsiiw-that Polly was far from understand ing my motive, but touched by this unselfish offer, and not Borry for an oxcuso for yield ing, I said: , 'l4,5 You can givo him . the cold moat from dinner, Polly, but don't letithappon again." . Polly would oat no supper that night; and thinking!that, her ideas wero rather confused :on tho subject, I took some pains to explain to'her tho moral phase of the tramp question, n,s I uridorstood it. Slio listened attontivoly, hor big bluo oyes (ixod on my faee with a Bolomn, unwinking stare, making no direct reply. ■ ,. • " Was-you ovor hungry, ma'am?" Accustomod as I was to Polly's peculiar ities in this respect, I "was considerably startled by such au odd unexpected query. " Yes; and I oxpecf to bo again to-uiorrow morning, just about breakfast time." I don't mean- that kind of hungry; but where there's 110 breakfast or dinnor or Buppor, or not much of any '/ "No, child," I said, in quito another tono; " I've never known anything about that kind ot hunger, and X hope you haven't." I wuh always hungry. Mam did the best alio could, but it takes a good deal to go round whero there's nine children." "" That provts the truth ot ivhat I was say ing," I replied, anxious to enforco my text. " If your father had worked too, as every man oujjht that is able, you would have had plenty to eat and to, wear." '' He's a bad man; but—but ho'a my father. The unconscious rebuke in theso words made me turn my eyes on tho child face, so unehild-lifeo in expression; but she was not looking at me,and evidently not thinking . of me at all. ' . After this I noticed a chango in Polly. She lost her appetite and tlio colour that was. beginning to come into her cheeks. But she never, complained, declaring she felt quito well when I questioned her. She grew so pale and thin that at lost I spoke to John about it, who seemed puzzled to account tor it. "She must.'bo one of the thin kind," ho said;-" there certainly is nothing tho mattec with her." ' _ The following week John and I made arrangements to spend a couple of days at my brother's who lived in an adjoining town. Wo wore*intonding to take Polly with us,but the carriage was crowded, and she begged so hard to be left at home that we finally decided to do so. She was so thoughtful and trustworthy. that 1 had no foarB in leaving ; herm it being only two minutes' walk to the. nearest .house, and the neighbourhood being ■ a very quiet one. ' " On accountof the scarlet fever being in my brother's family, which neither of the children had had, we stopped overnight at an acquaintance's, returning the next day. When we reached homo we found the doors locked and the windows darkened, and not a sign of life anywhere around. Considerably surprised at thiB it being near the middle of the day, we rang and knocked until pretty well convinced that there was no one within to hear us. Then we went down towards the gate, being met by Mr. Brown, our nearest neighbour, who had seen us go . by, and who told us that Polly had left the key of the house with his wife last night iaying that she bad to go away. I thought a little strange of this, but sup posed the child had got lonely and gone to her stepmother's, who lived about two miles distant. On entering .the house we found every available point barricaded below, as if in expectation of a siege. Against the back door a heavy bureau was drawn, on which chairs were piled. John and I laughed at Polly's extraor dinary efforts to make everything secure. Our next discovery was not so pleasant;every bit of silvec had vanished, not even a spoon was left. The discovery that followed was more startling still. On going outside John saw the figure of a man suspended from the sill of one of the back windows. Communi cating his discovery to Mrs. Brown, who was sitting on the front porch, the two men wont upstairs, and I followed slowly, and with beating heart. As I looked into the room I saw the head of a man just inside of the window, the heavy sash of which was rosting on his neck. Ho was not only quite dead, - but there was every indication that life had been extinct for several hours. Ho had evi dently died from strangulation—the features blackened and swollen nearly" out of all scmblanco of humanity, presenting a terrible spectacle on which I never want to look, again. The shed, which ran beneath it, allowed how ho had readied the window, and the. position in which ho was'found how he had met his terrible fate. But as- it was clearly apparent that ho was killed in'the act of en tering, the disappearance of the silver re mained a mystery. John lost no time in notifying the author ities; and the news, spreading like wild-fire, for several hours the house was thronged by an excited crowd, . most of them drawn thither by' curiosity. By. no one was the body recognised; in fact, it .would have been difficult to do so by the face, so distorted was it. Two or three had seen a man of similar build and appearance. hanging about the neighbourhood. As they mentioned this I recalled to mind tho' tramp that Polly had fed, and whoso form and dress strongly re sembled the deceased. But tho people had gone at last, to my great relief. Ab I stood , at the window watching the last one go down the Bteps, X felt a touch upon my arm. On turning I saw Polly standing just back of me, and looking in the dim twilight more like a ghost than a living child. " Whtre is ho, the man that was killed ?" she said. John pointed to tho door of the room where the body lay. Without saying another word Polly opened it and went in. After a mo ment's hesitation John and I followed. With blanched checks and eyes dilated with horror, Polly stood there as Bilcnt and motionless, as tho ghastly thing stretched out before her. John placed hiB hand on her Bhouldor, saving, with a sternness that ho regretted a moment later— lo yon know this man, Polly?" • Polly lifted her oyes appealingly to mine. " It's my fathor," she gasped, sliding for ward to tho floor. With a feeling of self-compunction that was clearly visiblo in his honeat faco, John took up tho little limp form as if it had been a feather and laid it upon tho bed in our own room. It was not a fainting. fit—Polly was not given to such—but a sudden collapse of the mental and physical powers, that had been stretched to thoir utmost tension. Polly was quite ill for a number of days, during which tho ghastly thing she had called . father had bcenburiod.out.of sight,, for her >sako, as -decently as circumstances, would permit. Slio made allusion, to him, and John would not let mo question her until she was Btrong enough to leavo hor bed. Beforo that time the missing silver was found in ,.an • old chest.in tho attic, whore she had hid it. . ' Prom what Polly told ino afterwards, I. found that her father had'acquainted ^ier with his intention.to rob tho 'house, urging, her to aid him.by leaving tlio back door un-. locked, and threatening to kill hor* if she refused. • : "1 gavo lum my dinner and supper for a good many days," she said in conclusion, " but I couldn't do that. I couldn't toll on hiin cither. Ho was a bad man, but ho was my father.' . As I thought of this little creature stealing out into th0'darkness:\vith the food that sho hod saved from her own needs,! was glad to know that this bad man was powerless to work her any further ill. Polly lived with John and me a number of years after this,- and wo became almoBt us much attached to her aB to our. own childron. When sho married Charles Conway, a thriv ing young carpenter, wo furnished the pretty cottago house ho built as completely as if it had been for one of our own daughters. Con way makes ono of tho bost of husband's, and I don't believe that there's a better house koopor or a happier littlo wife to-day than our Polly. Prevented.—Cholly: If you love mo, why diil you not answer mo live minutes ago ?" Maud: Because, dear, I was eating a cara mel!" I . ■ . 