HIGHp LIFE IN RUSSIA SEVENTY YEARS AGO. ("New Century Review.") A Russian nobleman stood then 'n the apex of his power. He wielded an iron sceptro within his castle walls. He indulged in royal state. His staff of household servants included a lord chamberlain, lords and ladies in wait ing, pages in attendance, private secre taries, doctors, librarians, fools, hunch backs, comic singers, dwarfs, negroes and negresses, besides a full-sized band, a complete theatrical company, and a corps de ballet. Roughly speaking, the indoor servants and retainers rarely numbered less than seven or eight hundred "souls." All were serf-born. None were free to come and go. The housekeeper had no harassing duty of receiving or giving warning. Every mortal creature belonged to the place just as much as the chairs and tables belonged to their respective apartments, both alike were the property of the master, who was at liberty to beat his carpets or his men, as the occasion re quired. Travelling in Russia at the present time it is no uncommon thing to come across a great block of dilapidated buildings standing cheek by jowl with some filthy village. The huts are populated, overcrowded with human life, but the castle stands unoccupied but for the saving presence of rats and ghosts. We look at the broken window panes, at the terraces choked with tangled vegetation. Perhaps we enter at the castle's massive doorway. We wander through the lofty, forsaken rooms. We stand in front of the dim mirrors, and glance at their tarnished. frames. We step on carpets of price less value, and gaze on china stored in cabine.ts of equal beauty and richness. We rest on some springy couch curved with the grace of rococo art. In curi osity we may touch the keys of a splen didly inlaid piano and fall back shud dering at the weird metallic tones which echo through the empty house. Are we of a romantic turn of mind we sigh for the pity of it all, we regret the waste of so much luxury left a prey to decay and ruin . It is interesting to pick up old volumes and hunt up facts relating to a bygone generation, associating the written matter with some well-remem bered spot, until a glow of reality lights up the picture,. We give below some extracts of this nature, taken from an authentic source:--. "Prince .usepoff owned a large town house in Moscow which he placed com pletely at the disposal of his harem, a group of fifteen to twenty exquisitely lovely girls. The aged French dane ing-master, Johel, renowned for his consummate grace, was commanded by the prince to instruct them in his art. During the Great Fast, when by im perial decree the State theatres ire closed, Jusepoff invited his special friends to witness the progress made by his corps de ballet. The perform ance, which was preceded by a gala dinner, gave unqualified pleasure to the guests. To the strains of soft music the fair dancers glided on to the stage, bewildering the eye by their graceful movements. On a given signal from the host the girls, with miraculous ease, discarded their scanty draperies and continued dancing clad as Eve. "Almost incredi"!1e plans were often worked out for tl. amusement of the visitors at country houses. Imailow used to entertain his guests by the edifying spectacle of inebriated noble men tied to the sails of awindmill going at full speed. After a few minutes' revolution in mid-air they were re leased, sobered, but half dead with fright. A piece of fun, greatly' appre ciated, consisted 'in sewing men into bearskins and watching their move m'nts as they vainly tried to evade the infuriated onslaught or the dogs, which were let loose upon them. A winter sport, which found equal favour, was the sight of a thinly clad man being dropped in and out of a succession of water-tanks, hewn for the purpose in the ice on some frozen' river or lake. Much amusement, too, was caused by ,stripping a, man, plunging him into a barrel of tar, rolling him in a large heap of feathers and, in this condi tion, triumphantly conducting him through the near-lying villages to the beating of many. drums." The peasant is no longer a beast of burden, to be 'kicked hither and thither at the \will of his owner. Since the year 1862 his position, from a legal point of view, has undergone a com plete Change, though, materially speak ing, his lot in life has not altered. He is still ground down to the earth by terrible poverty; his education shines by its complete abse:nce; his serf-born instincts cling around him like un healthy vapours, and his chief enemy is his own lethargy. His freedom came to him with overwhelming un reality. He was informed that he was no longer a slave--a slave to obey, to endure, to accept. Freedom--it is a great word, it is a noble word, it is a word full of possibility, full of soul inspiring light. But to the blind the light of day has no meaning, and to the Russian peasant the very fact of stand ing alone, his own master, cowers him into' trembling silence. He cannot grasp the situation. His dwarfed mind cannot travel with the rapidity of cal I culation., He remains almost sta tionary on the level of his forefathers. Like them he drowns his sorrows in vodki, and chants his joys in the verse of his people. His demands on life are incredibly small. His calm accept ance of fate is a noble feature in the surrounding squalor. He complains but rarely. He goes his way as others have done before him, dumbly as a mute animal, bending his back to the inevit able, worshipping his God and his Czar. The onion was worshipped by the 'm cient Egyptians. The cauliflower is a patrician among vegetables, and was talten from its Cyprus home in Italy to England Jin the reign of Elizabeth. Sue Deering: "I'm afraid papa was angry when you asked him for me, wasn't he, Jack, love?" Jack Hillow: "Not at all. IIe asked me if I knew any more Srespectable young men who would be likely to Imarry your five sisters if properly (enaxed." 