THE isUSSIMEX. Mr R. Jarvis recently receive'! the fol lowing letter from Mr P. J. Post, of the Victorian Bushmen, and ho has kindly handed it to us for publication. Mr Post writes from Marrendellas under date July 30th :— “ We had a sham fight four days ago, and it was all right sport I can tell you. We left camp with two battalions of the English Viomatiry and two batteries of Field Artillery, including two Maxims and four fifteen-pounders. We rode about six miles from camp, and found the enemy had taken up a position on a rocky kopje, so wo were told oil'to make a flank attack, while tho yeomanry made a sham attack on the front, and the artillery opened lire from behind the yeomanry at a range of about 15000 yards. We got on all right until wc began to get up close to where the euemy were supposed to bo, when one of the maxims got turned on to the place where wo were, and by some mistake it opened fire on us. As the maxims fire about 000 shots a minute, I.can promise you the bullets were dropping around us pretty thick. In fact it is a miracle some one was not hit. However, luckily, no one was touched. There is one thing I can say for our crowd—no one seemed to mind tho bullets much, in fact, th.-y treated it as a groat joke. One of them said “ We must have dropped into an ambush that the Boers have prepared fu ns,” and he wished the captain would give us permission to hit hack at them. The captain could not make out what had happened, but as soon as be saw there was danger he gave us the order to get under cover, and we did pretty •piiek. I forgot to toil you that our sereon-il-maior turned as white as a ghost when the bullets began to hum, and got behind a rock pretty slick. We did not like him too well, as he is a bit of a bul-v ; so when tho fun was over two other chaps and my self went up to him -in-l .vxiouslv asked if he were hurt, as he looked so white, and that wo were afraid he must be hit. We think since then that he must be very bad tempered, as he got as wild as the d-, and told us he would have us arrested if we were not more civil. But of course that was only bluff, as tho three of us are loo well known to tho captain for the S.M. to -do nsmuclilmrni. -Wo had a splendid day, and enjoyed ourselves immensely. Then; was another sham light this morning, but I had to stay in campj as I was out last time. They had a splendid time, havingjust got back, and aro. making a deuce of a noise. They took two kopjes, but, as usual, the enemy wen; only wooden dummies, so no one got hurt —with the bullets; but one of the .yeo manry got in the track of two of our chaps when charging a kopje, so they ran over him and knocked a few lumps of skin off him just to show there was no ill-feeling between them. Ho was not.badl.y hurt, and said that if that was the way tho Australians fought be was not surprised at the Boers being afraid of them. There have been two deaths in camp this week —one of the Yeomanry and one of the orderlies at tho hospital. All our chaps are in splendid health. I weigh 12st. 8!b., so the place must agree with me. We have to march from hero to Buluwayo, which is about 300 miles, and.will take 21 days. We expect to start in a week. Tommy Vogel wishes to bo remembered to ail, and you can do tho same for mo,” ■ 