CHAPTER VL—MR. EARLE CONSENTS.' After giving Karl, the courier, his orders about the journey and dispaibching his telegrain. Earle lighted a cigar and went out on the terrace, where he was presently joined by Oanneta. "You found the stick useful, it seems, said he, as they shook hands. '"Very; without it I should have come off second best," replied Earle. "But the rascals would have been disappointed, had very little money about me." "I don't think they would. Unless I am greatly mistaken it was your life, not your money, they wanted." "The deuce they did! Wihat makes you think so?" "The man whose head yoa broke has been identified as Costa." "Miss Lenoir's friend?" "Yes; the man who went with, her to Ferney. 1 "And you think mademoiselle put him up to cut my throat?" "That is my opinion. At the same time there another theory. The Austrian police, who are wild about tihe escape of Paoli, may have suborned these men either to murder or kidnap him, and it is conceivable that in'the darkness the assassins mistook you for Paoli." "That is the more likely story. How could Miss Lenoir induce those fellow-s to risk their lives by killing me? Besides, I have done her nojiarm." "She thinks differently, and a revengeful, unscrupulous woman is capable of anything, and there are just now men in this town who for a hundred francs, or even ss, would murder their own fathers. oreover, mademoiselle has probably some old over Costa. He may be her lover, for nstance. But we shall know nothing posive until he can be interrogated; and as he half delirious the surgeon says absolute uietude is essential to his recovery." "There is no need for me to 20 to the otel de Ville then?" Certainly there is. The Public Prosecuor, who has the case in hand, wants your eiiosition." "Then the sooner I giv e it the better, for o-nigQi't I start for Pari?, en route for'Lonon." Are you serious? You surely won't eave Geneva until Costa has been exained." I was never more serious in my life. I ave received a summons by telegraph and ust go home right away." "But considering how very necessary it s to convict tihis man, and, }f possible, ring the truth, out of liim, could you not rolong your stay for a little while? Two r three days might be enough." "Not even for one day, my dear Canneta. iversdale is going to be contested, ahd I ouid rather Costa should get off than that orinby should get in." "It _ is not a personal matter then. I eared some grave misfortune had happend, or was /impending, and, if you will paron me for saying to, I really don't see " "If it were'a personal matter I would omply with your request, M. Canneta;" inerrupted Earle. "I am just as desirous as ou can be to c-'cai- up this mystery and ive Costa his deseits; and you will do boat ithout iny presence c} active help. Anyow, I. regard my immediate return to iversdale as an imperative duty. Besides, f owing to my absence Wonnby Ave re to et in I should never forgive myself, nd the party would never forgive me, even bho,ugfh by tarrying I could be instrumental n making Costa confess everything. And ow, with your leave, I will go to the Hotel e Ville and make a statement under oath f all that happened. I could not do more f I were to stay a year." So to the Hotel de Ville they went, and arle mad e his deposition. He also answerd divers questions put by the public proecutor, and identified Costa as the man hose attack he had anticipated by breakng his head. Of the man With the digger e could give only a vague description; of he one irho had followed him, none at all. Later in the day the Earles went to Ma etiaite to say good-by to their child. The eave-taking would probably • have been ore trying if it had been less sudden. oreover, Richard had warned his wife hat the worst service she could render the ild was to let her feelings get the better f her, and though Sliriam was already inding that there is no place like hemp, she howed a resolute spirit and smiled bravely hrough her tears. Earle did not obtain the coupe which he ad ordered Karl to bespeak. It had been espoken already, and at that time there ere neiaaer sleeping apartments nor Pullan cars. But Karl made an arrangement winch, in the absence o£ anything bitter, id very well. Falling in with tihe courier f another coupe, bent on a similar errand, t vras proposed, subject tot the approval of heir respective employers, DO engage Ml orinary compartment for their exclusive use. i p Richard agreed. n "It will be almost the same thing as havng a coupe: better, indeed, if tinese are b R leasant people. Who are they?" l "J don't know, sir, except that they are nglish; and-as they travel first dase, with a courier and a maid, they must be repectable." y" j "I "am not so sure about tihat, Ivarl," said ichard, smiling. "I know respectable eople who travel second and tJaird, and c oaie of tae other sort who always go first. ma owever, I daresay you are right this time. At any rate, we will take the risk, eo see your friend and arrange the matter at once." Wihich was done; and when the Earles c rrived- at the station they were shown the st ompartment Which had been engaged ftfr them, and were presently joined by the lady and gentleman who were to* be their E trtivelling companions to Paris. Mrs. Earle, who set more store by rank and respectability'than her husband, was pleased to ob- c w erve that, so far as appearances went, tbey t justified Kaii's estimate of their quality; that is to say, they looked highly resectable. The ladv was a little abonre middle a height, and perhaps' six or eight years past thirty—hier face, especially wihen she smiled, wtas very pleasant, her manner courteous a and refined, and Mrs. Earle judged, from the brilliancy of her diamond rings, tihe beauty of her fur rug, and other indications, that she was very'well off. The gentleman, presumably her husband, i was at least ten years her senior, tall, with a heavy brown moustache and a military bearing, and,- though obviously a gentleman, less afiable and more reserved fJhan his wife. Indted, Mrs. Earle fancied that she was just a little in awe of him. Nevertheless, they got on very well. After a while tihe gentleman, whom his courier, speaking in French, addressed him as M. le Colonel, unbent somewhat, and his remarks showed that he was a well-informed man of the world, who took a keen interest in public affairs. But a rocking railway carriage is not propitious for conversation, and as the night wore on first one then another sank into the fitful sleep of travel, which lasted, with interruptions, till daybreak, when they woke up weary and unrefreshed,. all save M. le Colonel, who slept on until the towers of Paris were in sight. The two parties separated at the Lyons Station without having learnt each other's names, whence they came, or whither they wre bound, little thinking how closely their destinies were intertwined, or uridier what strange circumstances they would meet again. . The Earles caught their train, and arriveid in London late in the evening, where they slept, Mrs. Earie being too tired to go on by tbe night express, with the result that they failed to reach Riversdale in time for Mr. Charnock's funeral, to Richard's regret, the late member having been a man whom he greatly respected. Christmas Knight, to whom he had telegraphed by what train he was coming, and two or three political friends met him at the station. The • firebeater'sadopted son had developed into a fine young fellow, broad shouldered, clean limbed, and 6 ft. in his stockings. Dame Nature had further bestowed on him a ri repossessing face, bright blue eyes, curly brown , hair, and a frank engaging manner. He had also justified his benefactor's kindness by "shaping wt?l," occu pied an important position in his business, and was fairly on 9iis way to fortune. "Glad to see you back, and grateful that you have acceded so promptly to our request," said one of his polftaaal friends, after handshakings. "You are much wanted. The committee are at the Old Bull, and if you are not too . tired would like to see you. We should not trouble you if the matter were less urgent. But nothing has been done, and unless we bestir ourselves Wormby will have a walk over." "Nay, by Jingo! Wormby shall not have a walk-over!" exclaimed Earle, emphatically. "Of course, I shall go to the committee meeting, and would if I were ten tinrfs as tired." "Shall I go with you, 6ir?" asked Christmas Knight. "Certainly. You will be .wanted." Ten minutes afterwards they were at the Old Bull, a brick-built, dingy, slab-aided house of many windows, where, in an upper room, they found tihe committee. Earle's appearance was greeted with cheers, and welcomed witih kind words and hearty handshakings. "This is all very pleasant, and I thank you heartily; but it is not business," he said, .-•j rA taking tat-injr the f-lio chair, r-.Wo11- * ,- Now, Ka\f what lirll'1 + is 1 the state of affairs?" "This," answered Billy Pembertwn, little, wiry, dark-eved, dark-complexioned man, full of fire and energy, producing and unfolding a large poster. "It's Wormby's address, and ital be out to-morrow morning. There was an understandiim as nowt should be done till after Mr. Charnock's funeral, but th' Yellows has been hard at work all th' time, and we have not geten a candidate. That is the state of affairs, and a hanged bad state, too, I call it." "Have • you sounded anybody? How about linii t Biefierton?" T^ir-L-jii f nn V" asked afikm? Earle. Ka rli* " "He's a good man, and popular." "That's true, buit his wiife lies a-dving, and he'll neither stand nor take an active part." "Kailton?" "Oh, he'd stand fast enough; but he isn't liked; couldn't mak' a speech to save his life, and would not have the ghost of a chance. If we don't get a popular man,- Wormby will win, hands down.' Other names were suggested, none of which, however, found favour with the committee. Somebody suggested a neighbouring squire, who had every qualification requisite &r; a candidate save one. He was not a townsman, and Riversdalers would have no outsider, not if he were a "hangel fro' heaven," said Billy Peanberton. Then up rose a stout florid gentleman with long hair and a fluent tongue, known as 'Torney Rackstraw, and locally famous as an orator and an advocate, who, after a preliminary flourish,observed that there was only one man in Riversdale who oould make head against the Wormby faction. That man. he need hardly say, was their respected 'Chairman, Mr. Richard Earle. On thus there was vociferous applause, and it, was evident that if the nrorvosal were put to. the vote, it would be carried nem-con. "What does Mr. Earle say? Will he stand?" cried half-a-dozen voices. "If he will, I'll bet my herd a gen a ha'- l orth o' toffy as he gets in," ijuoth the, M rresponsible Pemoerton, "and jie niu^t; j owt e3se for it. I propose as Mester c idhard Earle be asked to content this here w orough. Them as is in favour on't, howd c ip your rey-t hantdB." fkd Every hand except Earle's went up. "Carried (hunanimously! Now, whiait say sou, Mr. Earle? Everything depends on our answer—if it's 'no,' we lose; if it's t ave,' we win." TpmlwHgp ""I say that this is a most irregular proeeding. Are you tBie Chairman of this comittee, or am I?" demanded Richard, with sternness whidh his smile belied. "Yon-are, of course. But, as I knew you would not push aidh a notion, I took the liberty of doing it for you. We are in a ritical position, and ii we don't decide on ammat afore we adjourn, it'll be all up a t ree.' Rc "Take a few minutes for reflection, Mr. arle," urged 'Torney Rackstraw. "But be under no illusion; if you don't come forard, Wormby's return is a foregone conlusion. I know you would raiiher not; but b here are occasions when it behoves a man a .to" sacrifice ihis personal inclination on the ltar of public duty. This is c,ne of tlhem, nd, in my opinion, it is your duty to step into tihe breach and save the town." It was not the first time Earle had been sked to contest the borough; yet, Chough he would have appreciated tihe honour of being one of its members, he prized iris independence tco mudh to yield to tihe temptation. An M.P. is always more or less n thraldbm. He has to spend the greater part of the year in London, at the beck and call of the Whip? of his party, amd must, if he would retain his popularity and his seat, be oontinvcdly in touch with his constituents, consult tiseir wishes, and defer to •their caprices. This was not in Richard's line. He preferred Ihis freedom; and the social distinction and. local consideration which a seat iu Parliament wvwikl bring had few charms for %3m. Moreover, though a strong party man locally, and a Sard fighter at elections, he was not a keen politician. So long as the country prospered, he did not greatly care who was in power; but locally Tie was the mainstay of tihe party, and it would never do to leave his friends in tihe lurch. Had an eligible candidate been in the field or readily obtainable, or time less pressing, Earle would (have refused the eopamitbtee's invitation point-blank. But- none of these conditions existed; tiheparties were so evenly matdhed that a day's start might make all tihe difference. The Wormby faction had already begun canvassing, and it was known that Wormby meant to address a meeting of tihe electors on the following night. This decided Earle. He could not bear tihe idea 'of a cause with which he had identified (himself being " worsted. "Very well, let it be as ycra widh," he said, regretfully. "I would mudh rather not; but, as Mr. Rackstxaw observed just now, there ore occasions when we have to be guided ratiber by a sense of public duty itihan pergonal inclination; and, eo far as I am concerned, this seems fca be one of them. Before we go further, however, there is just one point I. Should like to mention. Several influential members of the party are not present, tihe party at large has not 1 been consulted, and I don't wlant to be the candidate of a section " "And you won't be," interrupted Pemberton. ""Every man-jack of us will both fight for you and vote for you. Everybody has been saying sin' Mr. Charoock died— 'If Mr. Earle would only stand!' Isn't it so, lads? Hang it all, I mean gentlemen." To this question there came a general response of Aye, is it!" "As for th' influential men as hasn't turned up, it's their own fault. They were towd as, you were coming]! and asked to be here. Besides, we have bo time for dillydallying. It's either now or never. W« shall have th' writ next week, and th' election tf week after." "Pemberton is quite right," put in Torney Rackstraw. "The party as a body will hail your candidature with enthusiasm, and the sooner your address is out the better." "It shall be out to-morrow morning. I will write it at once," naid Earie, who. "now that the die was cast, threw himself into the contest with characteristic energy. "Christmas, go "to Walker, and say we have a job for ban, and that if his men are gone home he must have them back. He may promise them treble pay and a -good supper. The copy will be -ready in an hour, and I shall want to see a proof as soon as possible. Who is ouc billsticker?" "Tommy Sams." "Will you see him, Pemberton?" "Aye, wfll L" "Tell him to prepare his paete-pots and > engage strength enough to bill the town j with a thousand posters, which he will get at Walker's at 8 o!clock to-morrow morning." m n An' if he misses, I'll knock his pastepots about his heyd." As soon as Knight and Pemberton were gone Richard retired to another room, and penned his address to tie "free and independent electors of the Borough of Riversdale." The' task presented no great difficulty. All he had to say was, in effect, that he had been asked by an influential body of his fellow-townsmen to offer himself as,a candidate for their suffrages; and tis his political opinions were almost identical with those of their late highly respected and deeply lamented member, he need not set them forth at length. If he had the good fortune to be returned to Parliament he should vote for every measure of reform which seemed likely to make for the,benefit of the country, especially of those who earned their bread by -the sweat of their brow, by whomsoever it might be proposed. To the Government then in power he would give a cordial yet discriminating support, for though he approved of their general policy, he would never be the lackey either of a party or an Administration. i I like that; there is a true ring about it," quoth Racist raw, when Jhe candidate had read the draft -to the committee. "Nothing goes down so well at Riversdale as an independent bearing. And quite right, too. Everybody knows that I .am a Conservative; but I wouldn't support-even Mr. Earle if I thought he would vote .without exercising his intelligence." After a few verbal alterations had been made in the draft, Christmas Knight wrote out a fair copy and took it to thd printer's} with instructions to aee it set jup and bring back a proof. "So far, so good," said Rackstraw, taking a pinch of snuff, and passing the box to Earle. "We -have made a beginning; but an address is little more than a declaration of war. ' We must set canvassers to work and (have public meetings—lots of 'em. Which brings me to tihe point. When and where are we going to have our first meeting?" "When and where is Wonnby going to have his?" „ 'To-morrow nigjat in tine Assemblyroom." "Then we will have ours at 5 o lock on the Fair-ground. To-morrow is Saturday, and all tinehands will be out before 2." And so it was. When Christmas Knight returned to tihe printer's with a corrected proof of the "Declaration of War," (be took with him tihe copy for anotiher paster, announcing tihait Mr. Earle would address a meeting of electors .on the Fair- ground at 5 "Now, •vtihat are our chances?" asked Earle,-when, tihe business had been earned as far as that hour it could be earned. We mean to win, of course, but it would be well , .__ . - i- -.5 _ _..: firt-.rpn<rr.n say you, Raekstraw. -—, -f., , , - agent, of course, and I should like to have your opinion." , . ... "Well, I have just been itotting up the, horse-power, and, taking credit only for people about ^hom we are sure, 1 find we are nearly three hundred «n tihe right side, answered the lawyer. "Here is tihe calcu- b o a "lit seems to be correct" Said , Earle, after casting his eye over the paper whida Rackstraw had given him. But three hundred horsepower is not much of a margin. And Glow about the potwdllopers?"' "That is an unknown _qulantiity I admit. A few of the potwallopers are strong Blues, a few strong Yellows, but most of 'em will not make up their minds till tihe polling-day. and then vc,te " Here Rackstraw paused and took another pincfn of snuff. "For the highest bidder, you mean. I have not a doubt of it: I know these gentry of old. But we must have no briber}-, Rackstraw, you clearly understand tlia't? No bribery. "Of cwuive we must have no bribery. Whatever made you think I was fainting at such a thing? All tihe same, Wormby has been systematically nursing the constituency for the last three year®. People who want money from him have only to form an Association—it matters not for what purpose. The last novelty of the sort is a Pigeon Flying Association. Wormby gave 'em fifty pounds, and if that is not rank bribery, moiallv, if not legally, I ehould like to know what is. However, tihepotwal- Sopers are not nearly so strong as they were; a lot of them 'have died off since last 'election—I wish they were all dead— and yo,u have many advantages." "Oh, yes, I understand all tihat," interrupted Earle, impatiently. "But give me, in a word, your candid opinion as to my chances." "They are distinctly in your favour, and if everybody were free to vote without fear or favour you would have a thumping majo- ! rity. I think you will get in, though, peri haps, by a narrow majority." j "A narrow majority? Any majority will ' serve, though I would mucfo rather have a a w aifooahf m w I do e h s arge ODe. j . How is it you have put aitland down as a Liberal?" "Because he is not a znan on whom we ail depend and lately 2tas been very thick ith Wormby. His is one of iSie farge^ oncerns in the town—-I taorerreckorawl it at ive hundred horsepower-awl 5 be can be ept to his allegiance at w31 make a consierable difference. The two great factors ia BwersdaJe elecions were millo-wners and potwaBopeis. .hree-founchs of the electors were tenound householders, and as milk)wnerg bad any of them in their employ and dealt argely with local tradesmen, till of whom ere voters, they had great influence. ence the parts' possessing tihe greater enine power, otiher thin^oeing equal, was olitically predominant. The potwaltopers were a survival. Before he Reform Act of 1832 the franchise at ive—dale was tihe rightof every man who ould boil a pot; in effect, every householder. This franchise the Act abolished, but t/he names of those wlho possessed it were kept on the register, and having been rought up in the belief tihat the best use free man could make of a vote was to sell it, tiheonly argument to which the most of t'hem could be persuaded to listen, were tihe clink of gold or the rustle of banknotes. By this time the night was far spent. The committeemen were all agape, and a servant 'had just announced tfaat Mr. Earle's cab was at the door, when Pemberton bounced into the room, his face Waxing with excitement and probably something else. "It's aw reyt," he exclaimed, "I've done it. I found Tommy Sains fiddling at th* . Legs o' Man, and fcrrud i' drink, . But f. sober fhim i' five minutes bv turning -th' kitchen tap on his heyd. Then we went off after help, and 'listed twenty men. md they'll set agate wi' their pasttnpots as soon as it's light. They ore at tih' Cat ana riddle now, next door t» th' prin&ng; office, waiting for th' posters. I eav* 'em a shilling apiece to start wi' and beered them ill round. And I've done sum/mat else. I've engaged every oab and vehicle in tih' town for th' polling day. I hope you'll approve, Mr. Earle. Itll make Wonnby at up." "Perhaps. But tihere are 'plenty of vehicles to be got elseTtibezc^" ' said Earle, hiuglhinsr. "That's true, but they'll cost him double i' brass and ten to one lose lam TOfces,for ,tfn' drivers, being strangers, will not know their way about nor who's wfco." "Right you are, Pemberton, and I am glad you acted so promptly," put in Rackstraw. "It is always -well to lake the wind out of.your opponent's sails when you can', and, as you say, tihisniOTejoay Ipse Wormby votes, an'd in a dose contest the loss of one vote- may be fatal." 