CANADA'S CONTINGENTS. ' .THE RIDERS OP THE PLAINS, FIT FOR ANTTHING. "i Tho ,April number, of ., "Blackwoods . Magazine"/contains la''flne-sketch of the. recruiting grounds of the Canadian - conti--' gents! Mr. ' C.' Hanbury- Williams, who" writes from "the Dominion, gives the follow- ing graphic account of the men who corre- spond to our bushmen. After taking part in a farewell to some' Canadians off to the war, ho continues : Three day3 later I started to the capital of tho " Territories" to see something of. the Cowboy and Mounted Police Contingent beforo they left. I got on the train a coupleî ol' hours before dinner, and arrived -i in timo for early breakfast next morning. In a country of magnificent distances like this, we look on such a journey very much as you would on a " run down" from Lon- don to Brighton. In a corner of tho smoking-car wero -fastened un the latest ' tissue bulletins of the war, as they ar- rived over the wires from station to sta- tion. In the dining-car, and in the Pull- man, the talk was of Buller and Methuen, and the chances our men might have-to the tctal neglect of the wheat market and of the weather. When the negro porter called up the Regina passengers at 6 o'clock the next morning, the first question was, " Any nowa ?" and there w^is no need to par- ticularise either. I had to wait an hour at the hotel 'before getting my breakfast ; and tho first half-dozen guests to entsr the dining-room were tall lithe men, booted and spurred, who seemed to smell of fresh air, and who swung into their seats with ani unmistakable cavalry swagger. Half-an hour later tho Mounted Police " democrat" drove up, and, with a couple of tho officers, I started for the barracks. It is a three mile drive alongside tho railroad track, be- yond which therejies a flat waste of snovf-to " the. sky-Hig*.^' < -î S > . .f ',j , j "' JUDGING THE RECRUITS*/* We drove into barracks, and my two com- panions disappeared Into their offices promptly. The contingent was to start in, three day3, and they had no time to spare. I walked off towards the riding-school to judge the recruits. There was a long, nar- row pathway "of a couple of planks laid side by sido on the snow, slanting from tho barrack-yard to the stables. Strung out-in' single hie for its whole length was a line of recruits, each man carrying a brand-new Californian saddle on his head. I have the highest respect for these volunteers in the servico of the Empire, but I must con- fess that they looked tough. Their khaki uniforms were waiting for them 2500 miles away, on the Atlantic seaboard,, and know-* lug that their travelling kit would pro-, bably have to be thrown away, they had not chosen their best clothes. The cor- poral at the head of the line was-_ttired in very old breeches and gaiters, a flannel shirt, and a Nonolk jacket that had seen better days. At the sight of me his faco broke into a smile and his eyes twinkled gleefully under the superincum- bent saddle. It was T., a man of moro than independent means, owner of a string of polo ponies, and of a namo known throughout England. But he hid trowelled, for tho love of it, throughout all thi» great North-west country ; hunted in the Bar- ren lands ; boen " out" with French's Scouts ; and the war fever was on him> and he was thoroughly and conscientiously, happy. There were plenty more likOihim I must have talked to a dozen that 'morn- ing. Here comes another, a tall, figure in " shaps," or fringed leather overalls, a buckskin coat, and a wide-bcimmed cowboy, hat . under which a, ^ pair of 1Sa):o_' blue eyes look, ' »$tj_ig_,t j . 'into your3, while the owner speak» !*$, sotftf'V< cultivated drawl that suggests a"*_<0ndo_ club. I saw them afterwards in the riding school, sitting their ihalf-broken Western brtd ' horses, somo of whom appeared to think they wero in a circus, with an ease and grace that told of years of practice. APPEARANCES ARE DECEPTIVE. It does not do t^o judge by appearances ; even the skilled eye of the Commissioner may bo deceived sometimes. One galleteas, simple-looking youth, with a vacant, sleepy,, face, came up for inspection.. The Com- missioner scanned him d'lstastefuHy. Ho 'was doubtful about Ills'chest measurement, about his stamina, about 'his physique gene- rally, and moro than half inclined to get rid of him. So he asked sharply, " Can you ride ?" Th3 boy looked up with a tired smile, and said, " Yes, sir." The Commissioner told an orderly to bring ' a horse from the stables ; and the orderly took caro not to pick the tamest horse he could find. The nsw recruit swung himself into the saddle, and the horse 'began to buck. We know something about bucking horses «out/ here*- and ? I had heard 4M gfcis J^. one. *i .The troop fwere going 'to,.taîj$#5ïr_ K^J out as a " Mascotte." They said he would " buck lound and round in a ring, and cry Uko a baby." The new recruit eat on him with a peaceful, meaningless grin, and never moved. The colonal said, " That'll do, you can talco the horse." -Then he turned to the rider, and gruffly remarked, " Well, you can ride." The boy smiled apologetically ; bo waa sorry for having given so much needless trouble. " Yes, sir," he said ; " I think I can ride anything with hair on"-a pauso -" except a porcupine." He waa accepted. A MEDLEY CROWD. After, riding-school they turned out for foot-drill. Verily they were a medley crowd. Some of them' woie fur cans ; 'some " Stetsons," or cowbov hat«? wich n still' brim ; some had red " tuques," and reminded me of Masaniello ; ono desperado had a broken brown " billy-cock." Beside them the Mounted Police busby 'with ita yellow bag looked smartness itself. Many were elad in long fur coots' reaching nearly, to their heels-they looked tbe most com- fortable ; some had buffalo or buckskin pea-jackets, which were certainly service- able. A ifevv poor devils had no overcoats at all, not even gloves ; and I wa3 always relieved when the " Stand easy" gave them a chance of stamping on the frozen ground, and slapping a little life into their numbed fingers. , There were mon in mocassins ; there were, men in shooting-boots ; there were men in riding-boots ; and mon in rubber over- shoes. And the most conspicuous feature in the whole business was their utter lack of self-consciousness. Every eye was on the drill-sergeant, and on every face tbero was a strained eager 'look of attention. They wanted to leam everything they could in the shortest .possible time, and nothing else mattered. They ware much atxive tile ordinary run of recruits in intelligence, edu- cation,, and "especially ia initiative and in- dividual resource. No wonder that they, picked it up so quickly, and that their mis- takes were so few. I drove back to the hotel that evening: with a good deal to think about- v A TROOP OF GHOSTS. Next morning I walked up to tho barracks alone. There was a dense white mist which, made all objects at a distance of ten yards look hazy and indistinct. The trail lay close to the railway track, but even that I could hardly make out. I had gone About a, mil'e, and waa beginning to wonder whether 1 might tnot have rnijssied t!h,a way, when the mist lifted a little and a watery- looking sun struggled to show itself overhead. Away to the left stretched the endless prairie, and, for the hundredth time., I was struck by its extraordinary reaem blauce to a calm summer sea. The sur- face of the snow was Tippled by yesterday's wind, and here and there, a tiny hummock moue eue apantles Uko a crested wavelet It was good to live on a morning like this" Suddenly I heard a. dlstanT^ut! Md looked round. Growing ont of the mist * behind me came a, troop of ghosts, riilnß and miling, ami 'beraking-their^ónroacii by unearthly yells. It wai a ffi* ' horses being driven-to. from some of the. Western ranches. At their head wrte a cowboy, in buckskin,.eoat. ahupa. Jong wore Behind him some thirty or forty rouen coated, wild-looking broncho»- SA again a couple more eowoo^'and Ä looking police sergeant im unitann Mwv swung by at a fcbif -speed ga^fand- faded of their hoofs on the, froren, sS^Ä like a rataplán of 'muffle? ¿tomTi^ moment later ano a toiKle-cau¿ÎL «Ä loud and clear from the^^«1££JS£ beyond. Th^^^^^^«^ {Continued from pape 13.) ings "stood out sharp and distinct on the crest of the hill, and high up the flag fluttered out its scarlet folds against the cloudless blue of the sky. A C.OMMOTION. There was a commotion when I got the.e. À young corporal in the police had volun- teered for South Africa, aud his services had been refused. Subsequently ho had got into trouble for some trivial offence and been put under arrest. When he was tent for to the orderly-room he reached down lils cap, put it on, adjusted his belt, and quietly remarking, " I'll settle this busluobs right now," ho placed the barrel of his revolver in his mouth ami drove a bullet through the top of his head. When they plckcd'hlm up, his left hand was still grasping the barrel and his right was round the trigger. Every- body was, I think, genuinely sorry, but everybody was so busy that little was said. The quartermaster was ubiquitous. To see him fussing about with a sheaf of memoranda in his hand, it was hard to realise that little more than a year /.go he was lying on the prairie with his right arm smashed by a bullet, a rifle pointed straight at his head, and behind it " Almighty Voice," son of " John Sounding Shy," cattle thief, murderer, and, in his way-hero. How that worthy slew five white men and three Indians before he was slain hlmseif ; how, with a couple of boys, he dug rifle pits in a small bluff, and held It tor two days and a night, till a field-gun had been brought from Regina ; and how, all through the light, his old mother sat on a little hillock near by, wrapped in her blanket, crooning a death-song, and calling on her son to die as became an Indian brave-are not all these things told in the chronicles of the Mounted Police ? NOVEL MEDICAL EXAMINATION. The quartermaster's arm is a little stiff ; ho was subsequently pitched out of a dog- cart in an English lane and broke it the second time ; but he offered to .raise and equip 50 or 100 men at his own expense for service in South Africa. The offer was refused, and then came the news that a second contingent had been accepted, and that It would bo recruited from the Mounted Police. Captain A. was in Winnipeg at the time, and. there was a doubt «about his medical fitness, owing to bis wound. I will not vouch for the truth, of the story, but it is «aid that he called on the regi- mental doctor one afternoon, closed the door 'behind him, whipped a revolver out, and ordered the astonished medico to throw up his hands. Then bo explained what he wanted, and added that he did not propose to leave the room without a certificate of fitness-and he got it. -, 'I lunched with the Commissioner ; the ihouse was crowded, and we took our meal in relays. ^ MAGNIFICENT RIDERS. (After lunch we all moved off to the parade-ground. The sun was dazzling, and the glare from the snow was hard to face. So our party crossed the square, to the imminent peril of our lives, with a couple ot thundrod Western, horsemen charging down it at full gallop, and leant our backs against the wire fence, with the sun behind us. Right opposite were the barrack buildings, and a long dark line of sleighs and blanketed horses. Everybody in the neighbourhood was out, from the Lleutenant- Govornor lo the railway hands. Between u^ and them were four troops of mounted men manoeuv- ring. How those mea could ride ! Three days ago half of them had never been drilled ; three days ago many of those horses had never had a saddle On their backs. Yet they trotted and cantered, and galloped and wheeled in line, the riders with tho same intent look on their faces, and their rough- coated 15-hand steeds obey- ing every touch of heel and bridle, in a manner that would have done no discreJit to a cavalry regiment. True, some of the men rode with short stirrups, and when they charged past a few were sitting down in tho saddle, and racing with a seat that was strongly reminiscent of an English hunting-field ;-but they were unmistakably %vorkman-like. Strolling up and down, his hands behind his "back, garbed in a buffalo coat, beneath which you caught an occa- sional glimpse of blue riding-breeches with a yellow stripe, perfectly fitting boots and glittering spurs, was the colonel.- Those keen steadfast blue eyes of his never missed anything, though he rarely spoko, and then only to give a short sharp word of com- mand. The officers understood the men they had to deal with, and I never heard an oath or rough word. " You did that very well, men ; now try it again." And the men oboyed ; you could feel that they were doing their very best. MOUNTED POLICE. The full-dress uniform of the police is a scarlet tunic, with yellow facings, white helmet (in summer), blue cloth breeches, with yellow stripes, cavalry boots, and cavalry overcoats. In winter thoy wear coats of-Russian lamb, since the extinction of tho buffalo, and fur busbies with yellow bags. All of which added just the touch of colour to the scene that made it a joy to look upon. But 300 yards in our rear ¿was a little square'strip of snow fenced in, and dotted here and there with headstones. A small group of men in charge of a non- commissioned officer were bending over a dark patch of black earth-a fatigue party of prisoners digging the grave of the man who had shot himself four hours ago because he could not he permitted to go to the front. I left on the train that night, with a couple of police officers from Calgary, in the heart of tho ranching district, where they were raising another similar corps, en- listing some of the finest cowboys in the Territories. One man, tbey told me, pre- sented himself to the recruiting officer, and stated his various qualifications strongly but concisely. Tho officer looked at him hard and said, " Where have I seen you before ? Why, you've toeen convicted three times for horse stealing !" " Yes, sir," responded the unabashed volunteer hopefully, " and I've brought my rope !" The sequel of the story is unauthentl cated, but it is whispered-that that ofilcer will never be short of a good horse if there is one anywhere in the neighbourhood during the campaign. Another giant of about Oft. 4in., but a splendid rider, was cleaning his horss two days after enlistment. Ho was in his shirt-sleeves, his viaistcoat was unbuttoned, and underneath was a belt with tho brass cartridges peeping in gloaming rows. He was asked why he carried his belt loaded at such a time, and explained in a burl, tone that ho had carried his belt loaded since he was big enough to lift a revolver- Tho3e men can shoot straight, with both hands, from tho back of a horse going at full gallop ; and heaven help the Boers If they ever get a chance at them in pursuit ! INDIVIDUAL RESOURCEFULNESS. We-tbegan to talk about the individual re- sourcefulness to which the men arc trained in their police experiences. One of my fellow-travellers was travelling last autumn among the foothills near Great Slave Lake, when he came to a mountain stream. A week ago it was fordablc, although there was a steep pitch down the bank to the water's edge. To-day, though he did not know it, the bank had boon eaten away, and the river was In flood. The waggon he was driving dropped straight into the swollen current, aird the horses -disappeared bodily. "There was n bar about fifty yards away, and by swimming tho horses diagonally, so as to get the force of the stream to push behind, I managed to got to land all rijht ; but a man who did not understand that would in all probability have tried to make straight across, and lost the horses, and, very likely, his own life, too." Wherein I concurred. They had a sham fight nt Calgary a day or two previously, calling out all the avail- able forces in the neighbourhood, including a couple of 9-pounder guns, whereof the inhabitants aro very proud. During the engagement, by a skilfully- executed flank movement, a troop of cowboys, led by a retired officer ia the Imperial army, charged down on those gums like a storm. " roped"" them in less time than it take3 to write it, twisted their lariats round the horns of their Californian saddles, ana galloped away at full speed with the enemy's artillery clattering at their heels. Picturesque, and possibly some day useful, too ! China introduced printing in the year 932 AJD. The Confucian classics were printed with engraved -wooden .blocks, which took more than twenty yeaca to translate. 