'A GHOSTLY DRUMMER. ? o— . — Who -heard the ghostly drummer of Cortachy Castle beat the death-roll of the late Earl of Airlie? His .spectral tattoo is ever the herald of death. 1o the heads of the Ogilvys. In bygone times there was a drummer who drum med for the CfBonny House of Airlie.' The wretched. player offended the earl of those days and was tied up in his own drum and flung from a high tower. After vainly pleading for his life the poor little drummer threatened that his ghost should haunt the family for, ever and ever. Legend has it that gen eration after generation the dead drum mer has sounded tihe last post for Earl a.nd' Countess of Airlie, and the roll of his drum has through tjie long centuries blanched the faces of many inmates of Cortachy Castle. In ISio a visitor at Cortaohy Castle 'was dressing for din ner. A tattoo was beaten beneath her window. . The lady listened in surprise, for as far as she knew there were no bandsmen at bhe castle. Going down to. dinner she said to her host — 'Who is it that plays the drum so skilfully out side the castle?' The earl turned' pale and shivered. The countess could not hide her fear. Tlie face of every Ogilvy at the table was deadly' white. Within a week the countess lay in her shroud. TJie drummer was bhe spectre of Cor tachy Castle. A few years later a young 'Englishman who was to shoot with. Lord Ogilvy, the eldest son, at the Tulchan, a shooting lodge at the head of Glen shee, missed his way. The night was wild, and darkness had long set in be fore' he saw the lights of tihe shooting lodge. Then up the glen came the long roll of the drum. There could be no mistaking itv 'Who could, be playing out of doors on such a night?' he, asked Lord Ogilvy.. 'Silence,' was his only answer. It was the dead drummer of Gortachy Castle. The Earl of Airlie died in London within less than a week. When the father of the Earl of Airlie who fell in South Africa recently died, it is said, that the drummer did not sound his drum. It may be true. Per hape he has not beaten it on this occa sion. But the countryside will not be denied their ghost, and it may be that we shall soon hear that tlie spectraldrum was heard at Cortachy the day before the gallant cavalryman fell in South Africa.— 'Daily Mail.' 