THE P0LI710M. PANTOMIME. OUR PAID PATRIOTS AT PLAY* Ths Bush for the Federal House -No Rush for the Senate— Proposed Permanent Passes for Paid Patriots— The Innooent Labor Party— Go* vernment House Come3 to Hear Wise, and is Regaled on Law. The week has been a very quiet one in Parliament, and interest has centred more around the future Federal Elections than present provincial legislation. So far as the House of Representatives is concerned, tho intention of politicians is apparent ; where any man thinks that he has a ghost of a show he will run. and it is likely that some strange results will come from the embarrassing numerical richness of can didates. Roughly speaking, of the present single-seat constituencies will be thrown together to make an area for a member of the Federal House oi Represen tatives* It is likely that for very many of the seats two, and even three, members of the present Parliament will run. There will also bo others;and ou tbe wliolo the Federal members will very probably . be far from representing absolute majorities of their electorates. If the Labor party manages to preserve its present magnificent system of organisa tion, it should iBcore very well. The party which can be quite sure that in every constituency which it trys for, its candidate will not be opposed by any other man of the same party, will have, apparently, a i-ig advantage over other bodies whose votes will in many ca9os besadJysplit. A rumor is abroad that the Labor party j will make an effort to capture tbe Senate just as it mado an effort to capture the federal Convention. This is about the only definite rumor in circulation just uow with regard to the Upper House of the Federa tion. Certainly Sir Joseph Abbott and Mr. : M'Millan and others are talked of as candi dates, but, with the exception of Sir Joseph Abbott, there does not seem to be any definite authority for the suggestions. Politicians are, in truth, curiously shy of the Senate, though the dignit3' of a sena torial position will bu very great. The ex penses of election will, however, be a serious bar to many who would otherwise be aspirants, from present appearances can didature will be confined to a few very strong men, and to somo miscellaneous cranks. A labor bunch of six could not be in cluded in either category. There are not six really strong men in tho party and it would be unkindrtocall any of them cranks. If the Labor party put forward one candi date he would be almost sure of victory, pro vided that he were the best man available. If they put forward two they might havo the shadow of a chance of getting both in. If they try a bunch of six, great would be the fall thereof. A few interested politicians— not of the Labor party — are urging upon that august body that it is neccssary, for consistency sake, to send six candidates for the Senate. If six of the strongest Labor men are with drawn irom the House of Representatives' contests to undertake a wild-goose chose alter Senatorial seatB, it will make things much easier for many gentlemen who are anxious for seUts in the Federal Lower House. Really it maketh tho heart bleed, and the soul to groan .in agony, to think that such dark and dubious devices should be tried upon the bland and innocent Griffith, the confiding and childlike HugheB, the candid Cann, the facetious Ferguson, and the simple Sleath, those poor political neophytes, with never a bit of cunning or an idea of trickery among them. Is tho age of chivalry gone, that the simple and the trustful are exposed to such plots ? A startlinslv impudent proposal is fore shadowed by tho 'D.T.': — It has boon suggested — and the suggestion is receiving wide support is tbe Assembly — that all members of this the last sovereign Parliament of New South Wales, should be presented with a memento of the historic body in the shape of & free railway pa*B fur life. When Air. Smith leaves Daugog after a long and useful residence, it is customary to present him with a levelling bag, or some other appropriate gift. ' The idea is that gentlemen who may beuoomed by the coming Federation to loaye Macquario-street should hare their past Bervioea recognised in the same fashion. It is safe to predict that any member who votes for a life railway pass for himself, or against the reduction of members of Parlia ment, will thereby alienate a great deal of support. There must be some limit to poli tical greed. A suggestion was made, satirically, in this column last week that a contingent should be sent to Chowland. - The cheerful jingoes, who don't want to fight themselves but are very eager to send others away fighting, have taken up the matter seriously, and there is a patriotic cry to rush to the help of the motherland. Sir Willi* m Lyne very wisely is not taking any, and Mr. John will have to climb to Sir John on another ladder. Victoria, however, is playing her good bid game of paying patriotism, offering witb one hand troops and the otber butter— at a price. Down south they push the dead meat trade by the live meat or contingent business. Tuesday night's business was 'tiul! and flat as ditch-water. Mr. George Reid tried to give as interest to a languid evening by a motion for adjournment, which was do signed to draw the Government's attention to the effort to retain our soldiers in South Africa as settlers. The matter gave legiti mate ground for complaint ; but there is no way of preventing the men from staying if they wish to, or going back after their return to Australia. It iB part of the price we have to pay for our contingenteering. Now, if we had only sent troops to China they might have a chance of looting a few temples and, coming back, 'they would bring some wealth to the country. There wonld be no tempta tion for them to stay in Mongolia. If Wednesday night provided no incident of political interest it was enlivened by a little social comedy. Mr. B. R. Wise had prepared a big speech on the Arbitration Bill and had iuvited down a Govern ment House party to listen to h s eloquence. He had arranged to speak before tea, and was just preening his wings for a lofty Sight of eloquence, when Mr. S. J. Law moved the adjournment to discuss the Balniain tram., The Government House party listened to a discussion as to -the population ol Bolmain, the number of goats there, and whether these aninj&ls; could be described as 'starving stock/' and accommodated with a light line of railway, and so on. Then they went homo to dinner and returned no more. Mr. Wise spoke to the. vulgar herd only. . Sir William Lyne, aware of hia colleague's disappointment, complimented him warmly on the spscch. But even then Mr. Wise was not satisfied, and went about the rest of the evening with the sad and foolish smile of a man whose , girl haa failed to turn up. 