[?] Two Old fccvers. (Continued, from last week.) ' They livedso fluietly that she escaped to ft great extent the curious questions of the gOBBips. The one or two who contrived to ask her -if her marriage would not now take^ place she answered -with a gentle dignity aud reserve that disarmed them. Those concluded that, with unnecessary delicacy, the marriage was not to be dis cussed tin old Michael had lain the , orthodox twelve months iii his grave* j *A year more or less can't matter to them/ said Mrs Piper, the doctor's wife, and ^ people with smiles or with pity, ac cording to their natures, accepted this view of the matter. ? The months went by monotonously, and ! ' ^hings remained in just the. same way. Willie had never Bpoken of marriage, and was never likely to now. And Jane aged rapidly. She grew very thin as time went on». wd quite lost'' the soft roundness 1 which had helped to keep her figure young. Many people had remarked on how thin , she was growing before the fact was borne.. J in.on those who saw her everyday.1 ? When Willie discovered it at last, she made light of it. I ? I am growing old, Willie,' she said ; ' I ? shall be an old bag of bones presently. WB ^ all made thin old women in our family. You remember Aunt Maggie, Molly f I shall be just like her. But the thin ones are the strongest, after all,* She med to make a jest of tor leannesB ' after that, drawing attention to the bird's j claw's her fingers were becoming and to her thin wrists, with a nervouB laughter 1 which for a time deceived herself. She fought hard against her bodily weakness, and would let none of her duties -fall on £ her sister, however tired the evening , might find her. At last Willie Maturin's slow eyes were opened. He had come iu one evening, to find her * asleep in her chair. Something in the ' worn face and quiet attitude terrified. him., For a moment he stooped to listen for her breathing. Then, without! waking her, he ' went out to Mary in. 'tbe Kibohen. whole aspect had changed. An immense ^ fear had filled him, with, amenergy strange. c to his nature. He; had) closed ? tbe : parlour Ter? gently, but Jbe buret in. on Mary wild excited. ' What has come over Janie ?' he cried. ' * She is asleep;in her chair and looks like a , dead woman.' 'Oh, Willie, don't speak of such a tiling. » It is only that she has been run down lately. She will pick up when the spring ! comes,' ' ' Dreadful, dreadful !' he cried, walking ? up and down. * It looks to me, Mary, as if * we had gone near losing her. ? Oh, how , blind and dull I have been!' ' We will send for Dr. Piper.' ! ' Piper is no g*o-L I will drive over ' I myself in the morning and fetch Dr. Had don from Normanstowe. She must have J the best advice money can procure.' n * We mustn't frighten her, Willie.' \ The man stood still and stared at her. : Big drops of sweat were on his forehead, and his disordered hair stood up. s 'You look like a ghost, Willie. You i mustn't look like that when Bhe Bees you, , i or she will suspect something amiss.' ?; [ 'I shall not frighten her, I promise you. How long is it since she began to grow 1 ill P Ionght to know — but, pray God for- , give met ? 1 never saw it fully till to- ' night.' ' 'She was Btrong enough up to the time i' of poor father's death, and for a while : afterwards, I remember now one night she talked strangely — said she was tired of ; life, and wanted to get away somewhere. ' Soon after that I noticed she didn't seem : so brisk;* :' ' I thought she was always happy. God j1 forgive me for not taking better care of I her I' . : When Jane Archibald woke up it was to find Willie beside her, watching her. She did not notice the disturbance in his glance. She had ceased to look for any thing morethau the placid affection which j had been theirs so many years. He insisted on fetching her tea to her, and performing many affectionate offices for her, all of which she accepted with languid content, j After tea, when Mary had left them to- ; gather, he broke to her his project of get ting Dr. Haddon to her. She dad not seem . at all alarmed. 'Iam not very well,' she said, ' and if it : pleases you to have a doctor, I shall not . . mind. Not that I think he will do me any good. It is only that l am getting old and . lazy. But why an- expensive doctor like ; Dr. Haddon P Dr. Piper would do quite well.' ' Piper isafool, and you are too precious . to be in. his hands. Every hair of your head is precious to me.' How many years had gone by since he had.spoken. such words 1 As they fell on her ears Jane Archibald blushed likeany girl, and for an instant she looked well and happy. ? i'ou are too good to me, Willie,' she said, putting, her thin hand into his. , That evening his tenderness was a de light to her. She was ready, to bless the illness which had reawaked it, and Bhe looked quite bright to receive Dr. Haddon next morning. The distinguished specialist seemed interested in his new patient. After the professional part of his visit had been paid, he talked with her for quite a long time, considering how valuable a com modity time was to him. All through he watched her keenly from under his bushy ?eyebrows out of the brighest eyes. He .asked her. many questions about her way -of life. ' And Mr. Maturin,' he said at last, 'the gentleman who came for me P He is a .near relative, I suppose ?' Jane Archibald blushed. ' 1 am engaged to him,' she answered. 'Oh, indeed! You are to be married soon?' ' I do not know ; there is nothing settled,' she faltered, and then she looked down at her fingers, that trembled in her lap. The doctor said no more, and soon after wards took his leave. 'There is nothing organically wrong with ner,' he said to Willie Maturin. aud Mary, who were anxiously awaiting his verdict, ' but there is extreme weakness. She presents the symptoms of a person who lias been slowly starved ; she wants on immense deal of building up and strengthening, or she will go into con ? sumption. That losing flesh is really a serious matter ; but, as I have said, there , ?' is no organic mischiet as yet, only extreme anojinia. Tonics and good food, these.irill 'work wonders.' Willie Maturin went with him to his carriage. As the ' doctor stood with his foot on the step, a sudden thought seemed to strike him. ' Drive on, Jenkins,' he said to his coachman, 'and wait for me outside the gate. I will walk down.' ' You will walk with me, Mr. Maturin ?' he said, turning to his companion. They walked in ' silence for a minute or two, enjoying the bright sunshine of the winter day; then, when the carriage had rounded a Dend in the road. Dr. Haddon suddenly stopped and faced Willie Maturin. ' You will forgive me,' he said, putting his' hand on the other man's Bhoulder ?kindly, ? if i ask you a question. 1 gather Uiatyou are Miss Archibald' r lover. How ' V fong^Yo y0U been engaged to her ?' ???([* 'Why, -.alwayB'1 ' 1 never thought of any other woman.' ? ' And when toe you to be married ?' | 1 There is nothing settled.' 'There is nothing settled ! My good bJt, do you think time lasts for ever P Do .ypu think there are no Buch things aa age. snd death? I'm afraid you are a cold sprt of lover.' The .other man looked , at blankly. ' I was not so once. Her father forbade our. marriage, and she accepted her tather s will. Afterwards,, as the years jassed, I grew reconciled to it.' ' And would have been reconciled to it ill the end, eh ? Iam glad.we have had' &is; conversation, I can now better understand my patient's illness.' * What do you mean ?' ' I thought it was-the mind. We dootors 3an do little with the body when: the mind s ill at ease. Make her marry you at -nce, and take her away; it is her only ihance, poor thing/ ' She is not going to die ?' * If she goes on as she is going, she will lot be alive this day twelvemonths; but I Deliere happiness mil save her.' 'Thank you, dootor; I will follow your ( idvice. I dare' not think of the conse- ' juences if I fail.' 'I don't think you will fail. I will jome again on Thursday, and shall expect ;o find things much better. Good-morning, Mr Maturin.' ' Good-morning, doctor. W ish me God ipeed.' ' I do, Mr. Maturin.' He went back to the room where Jane Archibald sat in a big chintz-covered ihair by the fire. Something patient in ler look smote him intolerably as he came in. He leant over her and- put his cheek X) hers. ' How delightfully frosty you are !' she said. ' It makes me want to get out.' ' That is a good, sign, Janie ; you have seen moping of late.' * I have, but I feel better to-day. It nakes me happy to think that you care so nucli.' ' Didn't you know I cared, Janie ?' She said nothing, and he knelt down and jut his hoad on her knee. ' You remember the grey silk dress you irore one evening soon after your father lied, Janie ?' ?Yes, dear.' ' It would not be too cold for you to wear in a carriage, supposing you were warmly wrapped up.' ' I suppose not, dear. But what are you thinking about ?' ?About our marriage, Janie, Do you think I am going to wait for ever ? I shall not wait a day or an hour longer than I can help. I am going to marry [rou and take you away at once to some warm . place where you will get Btrong.' ' Oh, Willie,' said the woman, with her Faded. prettiness suddenly blossoming like i rose ; ' but there will be so much to be ione !' 'There ie this to be done. As soon as I jan tear myself away from you,' my sweet, [ am riding to NormanBtowe for a license. Brown Bess is at the door saddled for me. I shall wait for nothing — nothing. And I bave a fancy for your wearing the grey silk dress when we are married. Will you let ma-r -. *-«w p' ' Yes, go,' she Baid, TnnVing with her liands as if she would: have lifted him up. She looked herself -as if she were filled with a. new life. He came back in the late afternoon with the license and her wedding ring. He brought in with him a big parcel from a draper's shop, which, being 6pened, proved to contain, a beautiful cloak of grey velvet, fiir-trimmed and warmly lined. He laughed at her remonstrances about his extravagance. ' The money has somehow gathered dur ing those years,' he said. 'I can quite afford to give my wife anything in reason, and things will 'mot Buffer in my absence. I have arranged with Beam&n; about the winter work, and I have every confidence that things will go on well till the spring brings us home.' Dr. Haddon only saw his patient once more, and was eminently satisfied with the change in hor. Before the gossips had wakened up to what was going on tbe old lovers were married and gone. Those who oauglit a glimpse of the bride said she looked quite young and handsome, though extremely delicate, in her grey velvet cloak and little grey bonnet. Her hus band, at all events, saw no fault in her, nor she in him. Some weeks lfifcer they were sitting, to gether on tbe edge of the Mediterranean under a blue sky and a bright sun. Mrs. Maturin was now in no danger of going into consumption. She was picking up flesh rapidly, and her skin had grown quite firm and her eyeB bright in the weeks that had elapsed since her marriage. ' Dr. Haddon said I was like a person who had been starved,' she remarked sud denly. ' So I was, I was starving for hap piness, and should have died of the star vation very soon.' ' Can I ever forgive myself?' her husband said, leaning over to:kiss her as romantic ally as a boy. ' My poor Willie !' she answered, turning eyes full of trust to him. ' You have much to forgive me too. To think of the years we have loBt ! You should have had -your children growing up about you by Hii« time.' 'I would rather have you, my dear, than seven* tall eons,' he made answer. 