GOSSIP. Tie most fashionable entertainments among London women are ' hen ' lunches, owing to the dearth of men caused by the war. A hostess invites only women friends, and arranges a little lunch, in which all the sweets and the savoury are cold. The object of this is to banish the servants from the dining room, and so avoid the possible repetition of any fragments of the conversation. The guests serve plates for one another, and the hostess makes the coffee herself. Cigarettes, containing either a whiff of camphor or opium, are largely smoked, and everybody invited to a com fortable arm-chair. The Boer women are having their sew ing bees as well as we. A correspondent writing from Pretoria to the ' Daily Mail ' says: — 'The women at Pretoria, wives and daughters and mothers of the men at the front, gather together at each other's houses in sewing parties, making trousers and coats for those of their family in' the firing line. Every day one can see bright faced women driving'to the station with carts full of provisions for relatives at the front. They take their turns in going to tne front themselves as nurses, and in car ing for the wounded men in the hospitals of'Pretoria itself. They are very kind, likewise, to the Rritish prisoners, particu larly young privates and give them books, games, .and little delicacies prepared by themselves. The ' Matrimonial School ' at Chicago has turned out an ' awful failure.'' It was started with the idea of making ideal wives and huebands. It has ended by brtuiking up three homes in a very short spaoe if time. ' A result of the visit to the School of Matrimony was that both men and wo men looked for a higher standard in oach other. The ideal bu*band and Wic ideal wife were set before them, painted in beau tiful colours. Then they realised whit awful specimens of husbands or wives they really had. This led to all sorts of awaken ings. Instead of idealising each other, the pupils began to analyse each other, and the results were shocking.** The three homes were broken up because tlie wives in their new entfhusiasm, insisted on making their husbands' shirts, and were determined that they should wear them. The husbands preferred to leave licnie al together. Artistic girls, anxious to earn an honest penny or more, might do worse tlun turn tiieir attention to painting dresses. Hanil painted chiffon, mousseluic de sole, and gauze are all the rage for evening gowns, but, bought ready painted, tbeir price is a small fortune. A girl, clever with her brushes, might be kept busy working for Ler friends at cut rates, for if she charged moderately, she would be sure to be in great request. For instance, black nious sfcline dc soie, with a bodice design of scar let poppies, light fcatherv grasses, with butterflies here and there, would be charm ing, the butterflies witii spangles sewn on the wings, and spangles in other designs, as fancy dictates. This delightfully bright and airy effect, and others equally so, cculd be attained by a girl with a small artistic talent, not able to attain the higher flights of landscape and figure painting. Beautiful decoration of the above kind re deems at small cost an otherwise hopelessly commonplace and undistinguished bail gown. An authority declares that the three hardest things for an eighteen-year-old girl to learn are how to talk, -how to listen, and how to walk upstairs. Eighteen is the regulation coming- out age in England, and damsels of those years are very often r*h3r and gauche, and quite abashed at a ball or dinner party. Here, where the debutante forestalls her English cousin by a couple of years, sweet eighteen is as often as not a self-possessed woman of the worid, with a brace of seasons behind her. However, the art of conversation is cue that doesn't come by nature to every girl, even an Australian. To be able to keep the ball rolling without effort, and without self-consciousness is hard, but to appear to be interestedly listening without that pre occupied look appearing, and giving one quite away, is harder still— and young girls are sometimes distressingly hard to interest in any topic save themselves. But hardest of all is the art of stepping up stairs in a long skirt, without tripping up at every second step. South Africa is a fine field for the ad venturess. Some pleasing revelations arc coming out about sundry of the eo-called nurses who are trooping to the Cape. Tne papers say Uiat at present any woman, providing she can obtain command of a hundred ponnds or so, can seemingly go to the Cape, wear some sort of a uniform, and call herself a nurse. London has had a grand clearance of some ladies who, if they had remained behind, would have had to face debt and other unpleasantness. It is a lamentable state of things that these self-seeking frauds should be able to mas querade as nurses, and throw discredit on a profession full of noble-hearted unselfish j members. Tben the social advertiser is ', reaping a rich harvest bv posing as a ** pa- j triotic ' writer of stories and ballads, which ? she buys from a 'ghost.' and an under-, paid ghost at that- Frauds of this char- ; acter are soon found out : but the society , adventuresses, the so-called patriotic ac- ! tresses, and the sham nurses, who are everywhere imposing upon the credulity of the public, and who are merely furthering their own selfish ends at the expense of patriotism, are a distinct cause of danger to Poeietv at large. i As in the days of the Franco-Prussian ' war. writes an English correspondent, ! working parties for making garments for ' the soldiers are now greatly in vogue. The time for scraping up old linen into lint as we used to do is over, but innumer able shirts, vests, pyjamas, at, are devised by unaccustomed hands. Probably Tommy Atkins won't be too particular about the cut or workmanship. It is certainly well that lie should be prepared to give plenty of license in these matters. I found one party of a dozen or more ladies at a friend's toiling verv- ineffectually over flannelette garments. These shirts 'certainly bid fair to be fearfully and wonderfully made. ' Gusset*,' ' filling, ' **gathering,' Ac, seem to be unknown quantities to tiir indus trious Dorcasses, and I scon felt that their well-meant efforts would produce a most inadequate result. ** A sewing machine/' I mildly suggested after a time. No one had thought of it. Some hailed the idea with delight, others thought it would be ' so much nicer for tlie poor soldiers if we made them every stitch oursclve*.' The hired from the nearest shop. So far good, but the efforts of one after the other with that machine showed that not much had been gained after oil. Once more I felt that i mv second suggestion. This time there was no dissentient voice, and I left feeling that though I had not done a stitch, and had onlv criticised, I had done more to help the ** poor soldiers ' than any .one present. The party met again and again, and when I next saw them they were working really satisfactory under the guidance of a capable machinist, wSio en joyed her novel employment. I must quote a paragraph from the cy diug editor's notes in. the ' Queen.' It is pleasant to find any one so thoroughly con vinced in these davs : — ' When the history - of the bicycle comes to be written it trill be found that few inventions have made a more radical cliange on a woman's world.' To what perfection the machine has been brought tlie cycle shows now drawing to a close at tiie Crystal Palace and at Islington demonstxate ; but the proof of what cy cling Las meant to women is not a. thing tbat can be catalogued and put on a. stall for the world to see. It is intangible, far reaching, a force hardly as yet understood, and often abused. For it has meant free dom cf thought and action to hundreds of vroznen wbo did not know the meaning of the word freedom. From the abdity to be in the open air has come the courage born of fresh air and rapid bealtih-giving move ment Women have .begun to take a saner view of life and have dared to make a. stand against opinions which twenty years ago they would have accepted without a murmur.' Whether the twentieth ccnturv* will see us all attired in a batgymrido cycling dress remains to be seen. This portmanteau word is an invention of my own and signifies a mixture of batiiing gymnastic, and riding costume, combined to produce the perfect cycling habit. 