BEHIND A VEIL BY MRS 0. N. WILLIAMSON. : 'Author of "His Grace," "The Secret of the Pearls,""The House by the Loch," "Queen Sweetheart," "A Man from thi Dark," "Fortune's Sport," "The News paper Girl," Etc. CHAPTER VI.-THE MAN IN TIIHE BOAT. Tristram could sketch a little, and knew that he could produce something on canvas which would at least disarm suspicion in the minds of those who might gather for stolen peeps at the 'artist's work. He had inquired of the landlord where might be found the most pllcturesque view of the convent on the 'rock; but, apparently not satlsfled with the information obtained, he set out to walk round the lake. The sheet of water was rather more than a mile across from shore to shore, longer than it was broad, and the Sacred Island rose as nearly as possible In the centre. As Tristram walked, he set his wits working to answer the one important question: How and where, if at all, would it be practicable for a per son outside the convent to establish secret communication with another shut up inside? At first the answer was unsatisfactory " and discouraging. The high walls that shut in a garden space which on three sides surrounded the convent, could be scaled, no doubt, with a ladder. This part of the proceeding might be simple \- enough, for Tristram had brought to " Leux a rope ladder, with iron hooks at one end, by which means it could be caught and held in position, if skilfully flung over a high wall. The venture might be made at night, with little fear of raising alarm; but what could be ac complished by a man who had succeeded SIn this manmeuvre,unless he knew, where to look for the object of his search? How 'could he tell which of the many small, deep-set windows lighted the qell where Mary Desmond slept? Until he was sure -of that It would be useless to mhke such ani attempt, and as it was improbable that he would be able to ascertain, he " must think'of some other way of estab lishing coplmunication. ,.le' did think of many ways, as lie -tramped round the lake, and, among eothers, he contemplated bribing some one in the employ of tradesmen privi leged to deliver supplies on the Sacred Island. But such an expedient seemed to him too risky, and only to be adopted as a last resorf. The bourgeois and peasantry in this region were particular ly' ardent Roman' Catholics, looking up to the good nuns, it was said,' with in 'tense admiration and respect. Even if a man consented to accept a bribe, allow' ing the foreigner to go disguised to the Island in his stead, it would almost cer Stainly be onily for the purpose of betray : ing him, that he might be detected on SIsis arrival at the rock. Then, suspicion aroused, there would be little enough chance of success in a future attempt. So arguing, Tristram walked on and on, his eyes never removed from the con. t'ent, as he saw it from one point of view after another. Suddenly he stopped, ant the cloud on his face lifted. On one side "visible for the first time, the rock reared itself perpendicularly to a considerable height, and the grey old building, un. walled at this one angle, overhung the water, its three rows of narrow win' .dows looking down upon the lake. There were nine of these windows, and as there were said to be sixty- flive nuns in the a'r nvent therg_ wa_ exactly one ehao'p °""° Y£-t1 -and by rowing about tie lake in a boat he should ever be fortu nate enough to attract her attention, she would doubtless guess why he had come, and if she desired to escape, her woman's 'wit would teach her how to let hilt know. If she were contented, and really wishe ,to stla,' 9bn.Oe"",l " t'1,?l-fd fd l-ii,,:z .-- a?....~~hn h and there woulc be nothing left for him to do, howevel heavy his heart might be, but to leave 'her to her fate. When Tristram had made the circull eof the lake, he returned to the inn, witt the beginning of a brightly-colorec 'sketch to show. He wanted to gel .ndearer the convent, he said, for detail in his picture.' Could he hire a boat in which to row himself, and keep it by the day? The landlord had a boat which he was :;1llling to.let to a stranger, if a deposit were paid in advance, in case of accl dent4s, and Tristram agreed to the terms, Rhaggling over them just enough not to seem too eager. It was late in the after "moon by the time this arrangement was made, and twilight would soon be fail Ing, as the landlord officiously remarked. But Tristram explained that his object in setting forth that evening was to choose a convenient place for beginning work next day, that no time might be 'wasted in the morning. lie rowed as near as he dared to the 'I sland, and when he arrived under the s?hadow of the rocky wall overhanging 4' the water, he unshipped his oars and let himself float. By-and- bye, a silvery peal, as of fairy bells, rang softly through the falling dusk, and Tristram knew that the Office of Vespers must be beginning. "Later,. the Poignant sweetness of -'women's voices mingling In a hymn of 'Isralse smote his ears, and stirred his hpuse with the thought that Mary's 'might be among them. Once or twice he fancied that some thing white flitted across the dark screen of a window, pale and swift as a ghost, but thes curtain of night, embroidered with stars, was unfolding over the lake, and there was no longer any certainty -of vision. He had to row back to the shore disappointed yet not discouraged; 'nd, breakfasting at dawn, he was again 'fn his boat while the water still gleamed Swith all the mother o' pearl tints of sun 'rise. " Once more he heard voices singing, but he" saw nothing snave now and then a flash of white behind the bars of a win dow, gone as quickly as sunlight on the -Swooplng wing of a gull. He had fixed his easel in the flat-bot tomed clumsy boat now, and was making \- pretence of painting which might de 'ceive a5l4'of the Sisters, save one. She would know, If s she saw him there, for rhe had ventured to draw near enough for recognition tu be possibles He had brought out his luncheon also, which he ostentatlonsly ate about noon, and then -agsduously- took up work again. All day lon his nerves twanged like the strings f fa violin that is out of tune; for, at any moment might he not receive a signal fram one of those dark, barred loop' SHe did not give up hope till evening;: and When the sky was pink and gold In pihe east next da, ihe was stolidly In his I The easel was so fixed that he could sit I '-alcng the conyent WIndows, and for each I S?"tke of the brush he raised his eyes. he sun lit up the three lines of windows -n the exposed angle he had chosen, -turnng them t, topazes st in the dark S trn. suddenly, the brilliancy wa t' -struck out in one, the furthestto theleft e 'ad been throw of three. The ashl it fir stvad been thro open, and a white nlgure stood clearly revealed against as ,.lusky background For a moment i P remainedl, then melted Iroa moment it p 4ram's heart leaped from sight. Tris. deliberately away, but had not moved from t Side to side, and then h Swayed fromd l , eeared, as if falling ply dsap "To .art d .mond, the months of her st -?OVltlete had been like years. 1e. fore she had entered t ea e -5ha had looked . th. convent, do 1vould happen G rward to things which on next week, next month, jr 387 ,1tP next year. Now she did not look beyond L the day. One more day to be got through; it was useless to think of others, for where all were alike, the fu ture must be as a book that has been read. At first she had waked up often, in the darkness of her cell, fresh from some dream more real than realities were now, and she had forgotten the present. To remember suddenly was like a fall from Heaven to Hades, a horror unbear of able, not to be faced. But she had had to y," face it, and by-and-bye, the faint stir ;he rings of hope that were part of youth s- stirrings which had whispered vague hints that changes must come, that something dim, yet sweet, must be waiting round the corner of to- morrow -had died into a dull silence. IE Whatever the monotony of exis tence here, there was little al Itd lurement for the unhappy girl in the world she had left. She Ing had loved a man, and he had died for rm her. So miserable was her failure, that ho she had scarcely known she loved him the until too late. Even such recollections the as some women who have loved and lost might cherish were denied to her. The rose garden of her heart had been killed the by the frost before it had ceased to bud. ith No one wanted her, no one in the world. to It was better that she stayed here, and prayed for him she had loved (there could be no wrong in that, since he was dead) and for her sins; somehow the re, years would pass, and perhaps she the would not live to be old. ble The Convent of the Sacred Island was he the Oldest of the order in existence. me When almost every religious house in Europe had been destroyed or disor er- ganlsed during the days of the French Ish Revolution, and the Napoleonic wars sut which followed, the nuns of Saint Eber hard on the Sacred Island had been un try molested. Their rules, as old as thne sat Crusaders, were even more severe than re those of the Barefoot Carmelites, or the be Bernardine - Benedictines. The regu his lations which governed the lives of the pie novices were more exacting than those observed by the Sisters who had taken at the final vows in most orders. Though be no novice had ever returned from the Ily Sacred Island to the world and are told the story, some myoter tar ious whisper, like a wave of sound, had 1cf gone echoing far and wide its warning. led Still there was never any lack re of novices. For generations the OW number of high-born women (for they all, were all high-born, save the few ser ere vant-Sisters).in the convent had not Ire dropped below sixty or sixty- five. But ich Mary was the youngest novice who had ble come to the Island within the memory he of the oldest living nun. Though no tb. widows were admitted to the fold, most of the sisters were weary and world he worn before they sought sanctuary on ng the rock. Yet Mary's youth gave her se- no abatement of the heavy price which vi- every novice must pay. ed She slept in a cell scarcely larger than led the wardrobe where she once had kept led her pretty dresses. Her new name was nd written on the door, as were the names ar- of other novices, in that wing of the up convent which faced away from the village of Leux, and hung high over the a lake. The novices were housed in this \- part of the building lest-being yet scarce so spiritually-minded as the old er Sisters-they should see the dwelling y- places of worldlings, and thus be tempted sinfully to sigh for the life they had resigned. Their windows were Igh tarred, that should the Father of Lies Sput the desit for self-murder into their flagging hearts, they might not be able on- to gratify it by a leap into the water, nod where the little crawling naves gnawed id the rocks far below, like the white teeth of rats. red ble ary was waked from her first sleep of weariness at one o'clock in the morn the ing, when it was her duty to read her in- breviary and chant matins till three. ore in Fridays she wore a haircloth gar ere rent next to her skin under the white the serge dress with flowing sleeves,peculiar to-the Sisters of Saint Eberhard. On all the sins she committed on earth. For u'nix hours she must remain upon her O, knees, or, if her strength gave way, lie no' upon her face with crossed ar' s on the im ol floor of stone, before the Ijply Sac ily ramjtnt. When she had tawn her ia utl vows, at the end of her tr-o years' uld novitiate, she knew that thisltime of ver prayer would be increased to twelve consecutive hours. Always one nun of the Order knelt, or lay, praying before t the Sacrament, for that was the Per ltb petuaj Adoration. Never once had the red cuslctm been broken since tile convent get was, established. This was proved by tall threcords, sacredly kept since the be I;n ?ning. by othing could Mary call her own, not even the white serge garment which si wore by day, or the coarse cotton oe that clothed her by night as she ci- lay on her hard bed of straw, shivering c n- der her one thin blanket. Everything Swis in common and must be spoken of to as) ours." or- No one came to the convent save the priests appointed by the Archbishop ed. ofithe Diocese or the Archbishop him aself-an event of rare occurrence. If a t nun died her death was announced to her friends through one of these priests. ng While she lived no news of her doings b rekhed them. They were to take it for granted that she was content, but he ~l'ethoughts were no longer of them, he bu of deaven. save 'n tile ]lnurs of ug pro (er. When she died she was buried et In the vaults under the convent, for wh h privilege special permission had beer, obtained by the Order. t l~lry Dermaond's one pleasure was Ssingn in the convent churchI twice a of da. When it was discovered that she Of passssed a contralto voice of great Is flexllllity and beauty, thrillingly path ' etic, almost tragic in the yearning sad ness of certain notes, she was given e solon to sing. The choir whnere she stood 5 was shut off from the body of the t, chunrh by a carved lattice of oak and d thile: drapery of purple curtains ten e, feet high. During sermon, when the Y priest preached in the chapel, though She aos divided from them by the cur ; tains so that he could nelther see their n faces, nor they his, the nuns and nov d iceslowered their long white veils. No Sone ever had speech with him or sight of him save the Miother Superior, nwho had once been Princess of a semi-Royal So one day told another, with Mary Desmond, until at last she lost count of their passing. She knew when Frl -day came, because it was more e trying than its fellows. She knew , when' Sunday came, because the e austerities aere then slightly mitigated, rand it was permitted to speak, though rnot of temporal things unless Imperative Snecessity arose. But she did not know e to a week or a month when it was that Sshe had entered the convent to take the pireliminary vows of her novitiate. s One Sunday morning, when she had r thus lost track of events, a sister I novice whispered to her in parssing to Stheir cells from matins: "Have you seen the boat which for two days-more, it may be, for all that I can tell-has been 1 on the water under our windows, all day I long fromn dawn till nightfall?" h "No," answered Mnary, listlessly, "I h have not seen it. From my room, in the tb 1 lower story, I can scarcely see the water t near to the rocls. But we are talking , of forbidden things." to "It only means a penance," said w SlsterAnna Theresa,who was but two or n three years past twenty, and the young- (a est notice next to Mary. "My window ii Is In the story above yours, and I can a see closer to the rocks than you. There A Is a man in the boat, a young man, who as paints and looks up at our windows, paints and looks up again. No doubt ar It Is a sin to watch him, and if any of I the Sisters or our Mother knew that he 's looked at the fwindows continually I 10 can't think what they would do. They eb will find out presently, and then we shall see. At least It will be an excite- o ment.Hle is a very handsome youngman, wh dark, wilth splendid bold features, that thn one sees like a cameo, if he turns his m profile for a moment, He Slits with his iL hat off sometimes, and le has curly i at short hair, brown, with a little vein of i if gold running through It and his eyes I- are big and dark. It is a year and a n half since se aw a man before." Mary had not listened with interest iS at first. She knew now that she had no ie vocation for the convent, but she had re chosen it and itt must be made the best f of; therefore, she was conscientiously lI trying to spiritualise her mind. She r- went bravely through the daily aus to terites, hoping that they were really of r- benefit to her soul, and she never wil Sfully disregarded a rule, so that she had ue not cared to encourage the other's idle at chatter. But when her sister novice be began drawing, as best she knew how, Sa w pod-portrait of the man who sat i the boat, looking uip at the grated win \- dows of the convent cells, her heart be gan to beat faster than it had for many irl a long day. If George Tristram were he not deal and in his grave the descrip or tion might have served for him. at She did not speak, but a bright flame n of color burnt suddenly on the white ns rose pallor of her cheeks. The other st saw it. "Come up to my window and he look out," she said. "If we hurry no one ed will know, for it's not a big enough sin d. to confess." d. It was on Mary's lips to say that if Id she went she would make no secret of re her going; but she remembered that to as incriminate herself would be to Incrim Se Inate her companion. ie "Thank you, but I won't-"she be gan, and then stopped abruptly, biting as her lp. It seemed as if something with . in her urged her to look at the man In in the boat and would not be denied. r- Tristram was dead, but if tlis man was ch really like him, even ever so little like rs him, it w-ould be a memory to keep. r- "I will go to your window," she said, \- and the two white, slim figures of the Syoungest novices itn the convent flitted n like hurrying ghosts through dim cor le ridors, up the stone stairway, and to the u- door of the elder girl's cell. t he They pushed he bed under thiwwin s dow and stood upon it, for this was all necessaryto see the lake. Then Mary's h face, pale, beautiful, eager, and the he other face, less lovely, but as eager, ad were pressed against the gratings of Tr the little window. After the first glance ad the owner of the cell moved away, for a look in Mary's eyes introduced her, ek with a swift, half-jealous, half-ecstatic he pang, into the midst of a romance. This ey was not the first time that Sister Marie r- Magdalene had seen the dark, hand 0o some artist in the boat! And then, as ut if to make assurance doubly sure, Sis ad ter Marie Ma alene had given a cry ry and fallen backt'n a dead faint. no It was forbidden for the novices to visit st one another in the cells, and if this act d" Af disobedience were known the conse on quences would be serious even if the er object of the visit were not discovered. ch Of course, it would be very wrong not to confess; but Sister Anna Theresa did not n mean to confess, and she did not wish pt to ir found out, which would be worse. as She, therefore, being stronger awl larger es than her friend, took Sister Marie Magda he lene up in her arms, and, panting, but he determined, carried her away. By great he good fortune, no one was in sight, for on its Sundays the novices were allowid to re et turn to their dormitory cells for an hour's d- sleep, f they chose, after matins. Every ng one had apparently so chosen to-day, and be Sister Anna Ther resa deposited the slender eY little form of the younger novice (far !re lighter, far more slender even than it had les been three months ago) in the cell on the air lower floor, with Sister Marie Magda ale lene's name on the door, and her motto er, "Adoremus in aeternuni." ed There she left her on the hard, narrow th bed, and hastened back to her own quar ters. The man in the boat was doubly ep interesting now, for he was not a mere n- artist painting the convent Into er his picture-hle was a hero of ee. romance - a romance which could ir- only end as a tragedy. There was ite no doubt that he had come to this lone lar ly place for a last look at an adored On face. He had seen the face. eveon 1 or with throbbing pulses. Man and boa er were gone. . lie Her heart sank under a weight of as he appointment, for she had not wanted c- the one excitement which had come it -er her way in eighteen months to end so rs' abruptly. She was thrilled by the magic of of the romance, but her vivid enjoy e ment of it was embittered by the of thought that it was for another, not for hre ler. If only the handsome artist had sr- come haunting thle lake like a restless he spirit for her sake, instead of Sister nt Marie Magdalene's! She would not Iy have lost the experience for anything, e- but the more her mind dwelt upon It, the more she was inclined to wish that 0\. after all, she had not called in her sis ch ter novice. The man had gone away, an and now that he had accomplished his le object, seeing the face of the lost one, Ig it was probable that he would not come 1g again, for fear his constant presence of might be observed, and Sister Marie Magdalene brought Into disgrace with ie the Mother. Sister Anna Theresa had P only spoken to the younger girl because '- she was the latest comer into the con a vent, and with her warm young blood to still unchilled by grey years of self s. repression, was more hikely than any Ns other to lend herself to a tempting It irregularity. t The older girl was of a jealous dis n position, and she had left the world be if cause she had been Jilted for another r coveted her mnoney, until he found ad himself unable to endure her suspic lous temper. During all her life as a 1 young woman In Austrian society, she a had seen other girls, more beautiful, more brilliant, preferred to herself by it men whom she would have been glad to attract, and the breaking of solemn \- betrothal had been the last drop in her Scup of grievance against mankind. Her e Sfaithless lover had been married on the very day she had entered the convent. She often bitterly reflected that hie v was not likely to waste many thoughts s upon her, in the midst of his new hap piness; while, as for repenting the step t which had driven her to a nunnery, she i believed that her retirement had act- a Sually been a relief to him. Yet here was Sister Marie Magdalene with a lover ,who still adored her, and who „ could not rest because of the fire which ci consumed s is heart! How exquisitely romantic it was that he should have it followed the girl he loved to her living i grave, craving tite one boon that could a be granted to him-a sight of her face. h How exquisite, yet how the old, vene mous jealousy began to stir like a ser pent that had slept coiled up through the winter cold, to wake with the, first iwarmth of spring. t As yet, there was no actively mall- t clous purpose in Sister Anna Theresa's ft mind, but e felt vaguely cheated an d thwarted. It was nearly two years i since she had come to the convent on a the rock and In a few more months s a swould take the final vowso . The chains o of habit held her in a kind of false in contentment now (which was no more dl than dull resignation), and she had no conscious desire to go out again into soclety's market, where she had been i humiliated by her failures. Even If she I had wished it, she knew well enough to that it would be as difficult as to move the world by means of a lever, and she th was not of the strong, courageous nature H: to tilt against impossibilities in a wild hope of subduing them. But she nevertheless grudged Mary Desmond lh (whom she only knew as Sister Marie re Magdalene), the year and more she would have of comparative freedom. tk And never had she grudged it so deeply 1, as she had to-day. te "If I see her neglecting her prayers, ar and thinking too much of thils man (for it It will be that, and nothing else that Ch will disturb her mind)," soliloquised SIs- op( ter Anna Theresa, "It may be that I liv shall have conscientious scruples ant against further concealment. Confess- cat Ion might then be an Imperative duty, the whatever punishment for my part In cell the transgression 1 should bring upon to I myself." stn When Mary awoke to consclousnes. | *'W again, for a moment all was blank. She thought that she had overslept, and was starting up in guilty haste, when, in a revealing flash, she remembered every thing, and knew that Father Augustin had lied to her. George Tristram was not dead, and there had been deathless love, strong as the barriers that divided them, In the face that looked up to her from the water. Passionate revolt rose in her heart, like a storm over a sea that has lain becalmed, and beat with her blood. "They lied! They lied!" she uttered aloud, and the stone walls seemed to fling the words back at her mocklngly. "If they had not told me I had killed him, I would never have buried myself here. But it's not too late yet. I haven't taken the final vows, and now I never will." She rose from her bed, feeling strong and brave, and almost happy. He was alive; he loved her. And their lives should not be spoilt for a lie. (To. be continued.) 