MURIEL'S ATONEMENT, ICOJIPIETB m THIS 1SSTTB .] . BY CLARA MULHOLLAND, . Author of ' A Striking Contrast, ' ' Kathleen Mavourncen,' &o.;, Ico. ? - [COrTWOBT.] \- HAD boon feeling .. far from woU for gomo time. A ghnrp attaok °f influenzA, followed U| by. a still shnrpor ? *°ock pueuraonia, I- I IT-'l' *oaten»d and I ' VI m ;U deproBnod'me. P, i ff Ml A- Change of air and I VI ' M V qj f^Sr seene, with plenty of ?J ^ r'/ X^oty ''d amnae | I i'-Yr-:{ ment, wan absolutely j I / jl/\ neoessary for me, the '? I %j]f h dootor declared. If ? 1 OxS* ^ n0^ 8®' t aoon ^0 feared the oonaeq uonces. I smiled sadly, and ' We are not rich, dootor. My fathor could not 'afford to take ua oil away, and to go any where alone would be too dreary.'' . . 'Most certainly, and not, to bo thought of for a moment.' 'Then I mnet stay ot home, take my tonic, -find hope for tho best.' And I heaved a deep sigh, littlo dreaming of the dolightful tavitation that was even then on ita way to roe. My mothor s only sister had married a wealthy man without buaineBs or profession. They had no children, and as they wore both fond of travel and excitement, had no nettled home. They wandered here, there, and everywhere. And often for a yoar onmoro, we had no idea whether tlioy wero ia Europe, India, or Amerioa. Eight months had now elapsed, since my annt had last writton, and it was therefore with extreme ploaeuro that I (tho very day after tho doctor's visit) received u lotter from her, announcing her arrival in London. She and Undo Tom were tired of roaming about, she said,, and had made up their minds to stay in England for tho next two or three years at least, and had routed a furnirhod houMi in Yorkshire, wlioro they intonded to rcaide us much m possible. 'We ara anxious, for once, to spend a happy English Christmas,' she wrote, 'and havo invited a numbor of friends to como to us both bofore, for, and after that time. We are to have constant relays of visitors all through the winter. Our first . arrive on December 8, so you muxt meot us on the soventh, and travol with us up to Cleevo Hall. I will expect you to stay all tho tinio, as I must have someone young and pretty to help me to entortain my guests and make tliingn Sloasant. So bo sure you como without fail, earest Culia. Tell your parents, with my love, that they must do withogt you for ono Christmas. ?'Your loving ' Aunt Cake*.' 'P.8. — Bo siiro you bring plenty of i-nmrt frovks, as wo shall be moro than gay. I onolose cheque to cover all expenses.' This was delightful. The very thing j wanted, and most joyfully X net to work to propiiro for my visit. Thin, thanks to my aunt's generosity, I was able to -lo in a magnificent maimer, and on the day mentioned by hor, I left the rectwj- with a trousseau tho liko of which I had never dreamed it posHjblo to possess, and with which I was perfectly cnuliuuted. The Journey into Yorkshire was accom .. . plishod with, ease .and comfort ; and niy aunt, unnlo, and I arrived at Cleovo Hall in excellent tiino that afternoon. , Wo looked ouVeiigorly as we approached ???'? our 'new ' hbwlc; ftfi'rt as'we drove through tho old 'wrought'iroirgates,' up a long aveuuc, we . were filled with admiration. Cleeve Hall stood in the midst of a fine park, and was surrounded upon all sides by noble oaks, tall limes, and stately waving firs. It . was an irregularly built, but pioturesquc, mansion of red brick, with large bay windows and wide baleonios. Tho lawns were well laid out and planted with suoh a vuriety of beautiful ovorgreens that even in tho dusk of . a December afternoon tho placo did not look ns desolato and droary as one would havo oxpeeted. Insiilo. tho house was luxurious, and wan furnished throughout, with such oxeo!lont tasto that my aunt and uncle wero delighted. That evening we dined alone, and as I waa weary and tired after my journey nnd unusual oxcitement I bado 'Goodnight' ourly and retired to bed. My room was a curious one, and my feelings upon entering it wore not altogether ngroeahlo. The bed, which stood m an aloovc, was draped with blue silk curtains ; tho walls wero hung with tapestry of quaint design ; a largo bow window, very high from the ground, with a perfeot staircase of steps leading up to it, occupied all one end ; whilst a hsndsomo wardrobe of inlaid satin wood filled up the other. Several candles burned brightly upon tho dressing-table, but their light was not Mifiioient to illuminate tho distant uornors, and I grew somewhat ? nervous as I peered into their unfathomable depths. 'Grandeur is uot always pleasant,' I said with a shiver. ' I was moro comfort able and happy, in my own little . poorly furnished room at home than in this fine chamber.' Thon, laughing »t myself for being so silly, I hurriedly made my preparations for the night, blow out tho candles, nnd cropt into bed. 1 \- For some tinio I lay watoliing tho firelight upon the walls and celling, and then a drowsy nuinbuess stole over mo, and I fell asleep. But all nt onco a noise liko the tapping or fluttering of a bird agninst tho windows startled inn, and I silt up agitated and op S reused. Tho room wns now in complete arknera. Tho firo had died down in the grata ; tho window curtains wero olosely drawn. 5 Then suddonly, out of the gloom, sur rounded by a halo of brilliant : light, the figure of a youni; girl, clad in a simple white .. . dress, a bluo ribbon round her , waist, camo gliding softly aoross the floor, and stood at the foot of my bed, gazing at mo with sad, Biveet. appealing eyes. , I tried to speak to hor, but my, tongue clovo to the roof of my mouth, aud no sound caiuo forth, as I marvelled wh-j she could bo, \- flnd how bIig had entered the ' room. The dour was shut, the window fast bolted. But n« I wondered, hor lips parted, and in a low but distinct voico sho whispored, '?To-morrow you will meot ono who has Buffered much. Y011 will know him by his ..f ale, proud faoo, and melancholy eyes. I destroyed his happiness — you must restore it. Bo kind — be kind.' I gazed at hor, trembling, and triod to speak ; but ero I could reply hor form faded, became shadowy, indistinot, then vanished, leaving tho room in darkness as bofore. I f«t siok and faint. A oold porspirntioD Stood upon inj; brow, and I lay with dilated eyes staring into, the gloomy oomers, afraid to move, afraid almost to breathe — wondoring who this strango visitant could bo, and how ehe had managed to enter my room. Thon gradually my torror subsidod. It was ono of tho servants playing a trick, or walking in her sleep, I told myself. She must havo entered bv tho door whilst I slept. To-morrow I would coinptuin to the house keeper— and better still lock the door— and then I need havo 110 fear. Agitated and excited I tossed from side to sido upon my pillow, the strango ,vfjrds I had just heard ringing in my ears. . ? 'It is absurd — I will think them no Iongor,' I oried. 'And I shall, take good caro novor to hear thorn again. A' girl in tho habit of sleep- walking should bo watolied, ? ? and not allowed to wander at will through a houstf nt night. I wished I dared j*ot up and follow her. Blit.,' shivering, ' I dare not. — '* And then, at last, utterly worn out, I fell asleep onco moro. j When I next awoke, tho morning sun was Chining brightly in at tho window. The curtaica h»A been drawn uaido ; injr bath filled ; my walking , dress laid ready 'upon a chair. My aunt's ro»id had evidently been in, but had gone away without disturbing me. Surprised, that I should havo slept so soundly ond so long, I sprang up and, dressing hurriedly, ran down to th' dining room, where I found my annt nnd nnolo be ginning breakfast. Aunt Curry aud I sponta pleasant morning wandering over tho old ?' hoiw, and many and curious wore tho things it contained. 'This, now, isa charming room.' oried my i\unt, loading the way into a smsll inner drawing- room. 'This I shall keep as my nwn rLUrtirillnr iintnm ' It was a dolightful littlo boudoir, panelled in whito wood, a wido nriol window, and s finely-carved chimney -pieco oovered with exquisite old china. Ovor the fireplace, framed into the. wall, was n very beautifully painted portrait, and I started and trembled as I met the sad sweet ores of the girl who bad appeared so strangely at tho foot of my ?bed the night bofore.' 'Why, ohild,' said Aunt Carry, 'one would think you had seen a ghost. That pretty portrait seems to alarm and fssoinatc you. You look quite pale.' 'Who is she?' I gasped. 'Does sho live here?' 'Certainly not, and who she is I cannot tell you. Some daughter of tho hou^e. Bui we took the place through an agent and know nothing of tho family. She looks charming, I think.' 'lee— very. 'And this embroidery, Celia — isn't it ex quisite? And this piece of Sevres ? Oh! I must fetch Tom to look nt this.' And as my aunt went away to find her husband, I sank upon a ohair, my eyes riveted upon tho pic ture. Then hearing ray aunt and uncle re turning I escaped upstairs. On tho first landing I met Aunt Carry's maid. * I have token your things into a smaller and pleasanter room, Miss Celia,' she said. 'Your aunt thought the one you slept in last night too big and gloomy.' 'Oh, thank you,' I cried. And with a sigh of relief I followed hot into a charminir daintily furiiished little room, looking out upon the flower garden. ' I shall say nothing of what I saw at dreamt lost night,' I decided, looking round me with pleasure. ' I shall bo happy hero and sloop peacefully. They might laugh und jeer — perhaps tell tho guests as thoy arrive — and that I could not stand. I shall forgot tho whole thing aa fast as lean.'' At tea time that aftcrnixm a merry party (fathered together in the old oak panelled hall, aud I was duly presented to tho nowly arrived visitors. ? Whon I had recovered from my first shy ness, I looked eagerly, aniiously round the room. Tho company included persons of various agos. There wore elderly matrons and thoir husbands, young girls, and several unmarried men. But not one corresponded with the description given to me by my ghostly visitant. Thero were dark men and fair — many jovial light-hearted fol lows — and one- or two with an air of blase discontont. But nowhere did I see tho 'pale proud faco with melancholy oyca.' Upon convincing myself of this, I heaved a sigh of relief, and laughing at my folly in thinking soriously of what must havo been a dream, I joined in the livoly chatter thut was going on around me. That evening I put on a pretty wbit« silk, with a bunch of scnrlot berries at my breast, and ran down to the drawing-room bofore dinner, feeling woll pleased with myself. I was looking quite my best, and reflected with a satisfiod smile that, at all events my aunt would havo 110 reason to be ashamed , of her niece. ' My dear Celia, yon really look charm ing,' was Aunt Carry's groetingas I entered. 'Mr. Goring must take you in to dinner, and s co thut you are extremely nice to him.' 'Mr. Goring, auntie? Who ia heP' 1 cried in astonishment. No one of that name had. ua far as I knew, arrived that afternoon, and I could not think whom sho meant. But at this moment my auut had to attond to her duties us hostess, and dropping into tbo back ground, I stood watching our guovts as the} cunie ponriiifr in, one after tho other. But no one appeared whom I had not seen at tea 'timo, und I decided that auntie had made a mistake in the name, and meant one of the gentlemen whom I hnd already mot. Quite satisfied with this explanation of hor words, I was talking to a lively young Amorioun lately arrived from New York, when I heard my uncle say ! 'We are all usaorabled, Carry. I trust thej will not keep us waiting for dinner.' 'No.no; It is not timo, dear. And Mr. Goring has not come down yet ; he arrived lato.' Another guest 1 My hands tremhlod, and I let my fun slip from my fingors. Mr. Barnes stooped to piok it up, and I looked quickly towards tho door, which at that instant opened to admit u tall, spare, and oxtromoly refined- looking man. He hurried aoro&s; to my aunt, with outstretched hand. 'I ara so sorcv, and apologise profusely,' ho said in a clear, sweet voico. 'But my train was lato, and I did not arrive till after the dressing-bell had rung. I trust you have not waited for in c ?' 'Not at all. You aro in excellent time, Mr. Goring,' said my aunt, smiling upon him, and from her manner I saw at once that this man was a favourite. ' Celia, my dear, may I introduce jrou to Mr. Goring?' she continued, drawing me forward. ' Mr. Goring — my liieoe, Miss Lindo.' Ho bowed, and as I looked up ond put my hand in his, my heart stood still, and ] tromblod and grew oold ua death. In the pale, Sroiid face and handsome, melancholy eyes of Tr. Gerald Goring I felt sure I saw the man whom tho apparition predicted I Ihould meet, and to whom she hod begged mo to be kind. During dinner Mr. Goring did not prove a livoly oompauion. and it was with a feeling of lnfonKi* rnKfif fhnt T rn«« tin nn A the other ludion from the room. That night I nlcpt littlo, I wan-excited and ill ut easo. When 1 pat out tho lights and got into bwl I luy open-oyed and breathless, hoping, fearing, dreading that the apparition would ug-ain ahow itself at the foot of my bed. But it oame not. 14 Pwhttps the room makes a difference,' I | i naid at lust. u I hope uo.' And I fell a*leep. 1 1 Next day I scarcely 8»w Mr. Goring, aa he fltartod early for the moora, and it waa too dull and dump for tho Indies to join thonhoot iug party at luncheon. In the oroning he did not uit nwir roe at dinner, und ns I watched him nurroptitiouidy from the far end of the table, I noticed that ho ppoke but seldom, and wur absorbed aud prcocoupied. ' Tho man hai a sad Btory/' I reflooted. ' I wonder what U UP Sho said aha had de* atroyed his happiness, and that I— n 11 xou are looting at Goring, I soo,' re marked my neighbour, Mr. Barnes. M I«u't ho a melancholy fellow P I wonder wbat'B I started and bluflhed deeply. I was annoved to bo caught watching one of my aunt s guests, and tho man's words irritated mo. M I guesa hoVnot what one would call n ludy'a man,' be continued. 'He was quite lively on tho moors, but tho moment he approaohed tho houso a oloud seemed to full upon him.' 'At the thoughta of fooing tho ladies P' 44 Perhaps. At all eventa in tho Iiouho ho is silent, depressed : out of doorfj he is quite - arood comrwtn7. Have vou known him l-mirPM 11 Only sinco last night. My undo and aunt made his acquaintance at Monto Carlo two years ago, Thoy say ho waa quite different there.' '?Then it must bo the air of thi* old hcuno that disagrees with him* Perhaps ho has scon a ghost.' ' 44 A ghotit i' I wink back with a littlo cry, aa boforo mo seemed to rino tho nh/idowy. phantom in tho whito, clinging dress; and tlu» wid wail of hor voice rang unoo more in my care. 11 1 destroyed his happtuosa. You mu&t; re store it. Be kind — bo kind.' u You aro ill, Mins Lindo, Tako a littlo wine. Thorooiu is too hot,' oried Mr. B:ime», in muoh distress. 'No, no; pleaso don't notice ino, or attract my uimt'a attention. It is rather hot, but it is not that. I ? ?' 11 1 had no idea you wero so nervous. It wae foolinh of mo to talk about ghosttf, and, of course, it*e all uonaemio.' 'Oh, of course,' I criod, recovering my *elf-pow»©t*flion. 'It was not — but see, my iMint is going,' and I sprang gladly to my feet. Tho noxt day was ono of brilliant sunshine and hard fro«t ; so wore the three succeeding days, mid then tbo ice being declared strong enough to bear, the younger mombers of tho party off together to enjoy a fow hours' skating upon a lako, in a beautiful demesno 'omi? miloH away. t« Ah I seated myaolf to put on -ay skates, Mr. Goring suddenly appeared nt my side. 41 Allow mo, Mis« Lindo,' he said, smiling. Surprised beyond measure, I gavo him my ??kiiten, and 1 could scarcely bohovo my eyes when lie went down upon one kneo boforo mo, and doftly fastened tho simps. And when ho Mood up again and asked me to take a turn with him round the lake, I was still moro HHtonifthcd, and very thankful that, having *pent two winters in St. Moritz, I waa by no means a poor performer. Mr. Goring was an excellent Boater, and n3 we skimmed lightly over tho ice, ho unbent ns hr had never dono before.. Ho was a delight fnl companion, and as I gJaneed at the cleuri cut, handsome features, the pale, clear skin, the short aristocratic lip, and animated in telligent face, I marvelled more and more at the gloom and depression from which ho urtualiy suffered. After this, tho days flew by in quick tne cession. The fine frosty weather continued, and wo wpent most of our time on tho ico. Visitors came and went at Cleovo Hall, but Gerald Goring still lingered on amongst ua. He talked frequently of going, but was ilways persuaded to prolong his yisit by my aunt and uncle, who appeared to have con* reived a strong, affection for him. And I ? When ho waa near I waa bliaifully happy ; wnen he wandered from my aide and talked or walked with anyone else, I felt envioua and dissatisfied. When he spoke of leaving ua my soul was filled with anguish. His smile was more to me than anything in the world, ita very rareness making it tho more valuable. So the days wore on, and on Christmas Evo wme of my friends and I went off together to decorate tho village church. 14 Many hands mako light work,' and in a -ihort time our wreaths were hung, oar plants and flowers arranged to our satisfaction, and we wandered out of tho church amongst tho old moss-grown graTes. Presently I dropped behind, and, careless of whore I pat, sank down upon the grasa Uraidc a pretty whito marble monument, and tlinoeit unconsciously I road the short inscrip tion : flacred to tho Memory of Muriel, Aged Nineteen. 'Poor thing ; how young!' I sighed, ?4 But perhaps, after all, ahe was saved from a world of pain.' A hand was laid upon my shoulder, and, looking up, X yaw Gerald Goring, white and agitated, ntanding before mo. 44 Como away,' ho cried. 'Oh, como away !' I rose at. onco and followed him out of tho churchyard, and in silence we strolled away xcrosa the lonoly moorland. 44 Mies Lindo,' he paid after a time, 'how waa it you came to sit near that grave?' ' I cannot tell ; chance, I suppose. I felt tired, and sat down without looKing where.' 'A dangerous thing, a most dangerous thing to sit out of doors at this time of year. But do you — havo you over heard that girl's history ?' 'No; I never saw or heard her namo till now.' 'Ten years ago,' ho said, with emotion, ,4phe nnd I were engaged to be married.' I Htartcd round, and looked with eyes full of pity into his pale, handsome face, hut I made no remark. 44 1 loved Muriel passionately, devotedly, ' ho continued. 'oho was very lovely, a dainty little thing, with eyes of the purest r«lue, and hair liko npun gold, growing all over her pretty head in a myriad of tiny curls. But ftho waa self-willed, and could not bear to /-c crossed in tho hmallest thing. Her parenta wore wealthy, and had all hor Jifo humourod her small* kt whim. Eight months of tho year 'hoy lived at beautiful Cleovo Hall ; tho remaining time ? ' jii oieevc jtxaii r Oh, JMr. Gonng, was «ho one of the Leighs ?' Ho bowed his head. 44 Mr. Leigh's only child. Sho waa lrilled »-y a fall froin her horse before my very eves.' 44 How terrible I' ' Terrible, indeed ! Aud all tho more bo n'lion ono remembers that her death waa caused bv her own folly and perv.orseness. In * fit of childish bravado sho one day insisted upon jumping a fence, which I assured her waa dangerously wired upon tho far side. ' 4 1 can easily dear it, and I will jump* it,' ahe cried, and away she wont. 44 Oh, God 1' he murmured, 44 how plainly I nee it all — tho lovoly pouting lips, the defiant poae of tho golden head a a she flew puat me on her spirited littlo inuro ; then tho awful craali — the sad hours bexide her aa she l;»y cold and dead upon tbo ground, whilst the groom went in search of a oarriage ia which to convey her back to the hall -tho i''t days — the funeral — and my heart-broken departure from the old house— from which I went vowing never to return.' 44 And ypt you came,' I whispered through my tears. ' How you must have suffered !' 'Suffered?1' h* said, turning suddenly and looking straight iuto my eyes. 'Yos, at first.' He paused abruptly, and, stooping, gathered u piece of heather and placed Jt in his buttonhole. 4* I met your uncle and aunt abroad, aa I dare say they have told you, Miss Lindo, and we became fast friends. Thoy knew nothing of my story, so when thoy took the hall, .tlioy at once invited mo to come to them. Mr first inclination was to refuse. I hesitated; Some thing drew me to the old place, and I came. In the house I wim rimarouapri miuofnUa Tim thought of Muriel haunted mo. I saw hor at every turn, and I resolved to go. But go I could not. Something compelled me to stay, Aa tho daya went on I grow moro peaceful. In the open air — with you, talking to you My heart beat tumultuously, and I durcd not roue my eyes. 44 1 gradually became happier. A weight seemed lifted from my heart. When you were near I forgot past troubles. I folt able to smile— to laugh. I seemed to grow young again. Old memories ;; faded. Things that used to pain ine did «i no more. In tho boudoir hangs Muriol's portrait, and I havo looked at it without a pang. I ? ' 44Muriol! Oh, thon, it was Bho,' I criod, 'who came to me and told mo! I recognisod hor at onco whon I saw tbo por trait.' And I stammered out a full desorip i tion of tho apparition that hud visited ino I upon tho night, of my arrival at Cleeve Hall. 44 How marvellous!' ho murmured, with changing colour and in an awe- struck voico. 44 Did you see her more than once ?' 'No, only onco. And I was nervous, over- wrought. Tho Blue Chamber is big and gloomy.' 44 The room in which thoy laid her,' ho covered his face with hishands, 'at tho last.' 'It mav havo been a dream — a — - a funov— ? 'No,' houuHwered, solemnly. 'Yousaw »weot Muriel — of that I am convinced. But why did sho come—to you ? Did she apeak?' \- ' Yes, 'with crimsoncd cheeks. 'She— tfhetold iuo I should meot you — described you accurately.' 41 How strange ! And oh, Celia. waa thir* all?' ' No, sho told me to bo kind to you.' ',My darling, sho wished to atone.' no caught my hands and held them tightly within his own. ** And you havo helped her by your kindness. But, oh ! Celia, can you love mo? You havo heard my story, know how 1* havo suffered, how my happiness waa wrecked— can you— will you trust, yourself to me ?' 1 raised mv head and h oking up shyly iuto his face, I whispered : 44 Yes, for 1 love you, und long to see you happy.' ??My love, my wife, you shall,' ho cried ; and drawing mo to his breast he sealed hia piomise with a kiss. V ?„ j_'_ i '? i ? Scientists ►ay tlml the orango waa form^y , a berry, and that it has been developing ivt ' over 7,000 yeurs. _ _ ? 