? (P»Y LE Grondi.ur.) The Morning Herald, usually a vacillating and uncertain kind of a journal, still harps on the Coolgardie Water Scheme, in a mournfully minor key, now and again rising into quite a wail of agony. '1 he scheme, it says, is about to pi ay the part for this colony that thje old Man of the sea did for Sinbael the Sailor. t t Then the Penh paper, in its jeremaid, goes on to say what is manifestly incorrect ; viz , " our people, in spite of every warning, have deliberately and voluntarily picked up their burden and placed it on their backs.'"' As a simple matter of fact the people have done nothing of the sort, They haven't had a chance—wor.s- luck—t<j> say a word about this particular iniquity, any more than about Federation, or Separation, or Education, or Finance, or the bubonic j.lague, or the SafricMii bangle, or anything ehe deeplv affecting Vv'estralia. For by r.o stretch of imagination cjii the handful of subservient F.-rrestophile " legislators," who form the Ministerial majority of the present discredited Parliament, and who sanctioned the scheme, be held to even faintly represent the "people" They don't reoresenc the twentieth part of them. t The Herald, however, quotes a strong case—rathei late in the day, against the Coolgardie atrocity. For instance, it was asserted by the Forrest gang responsible for it that the " river of water " was to be flowing into the parched fields in three years from the commencement. It is now certain that seven years wont see it there. It was not to cost more than two and a half millions of money. Not much, when you " say it quick." It is now certain that this cost will not half complete the job. T T It was said that the fields were languishing for this water, that it was a sine qua non without which disaster was near, and that mines would be shut down whoiosale without it. It is now certain there was no languishing, and that no mine whatever has shut down for want of water v wery irgu ment adduced in favor of the huge undertaking has been nullified by \e course of events. In fact, the ery gold fields themselves, who were to be the special benificiaires, are beginning to ask themselves what in thunder is the use of it, and, still more to the purpose, how is it ever to be paid for I t t • t The latter is a question which closely concerns all parts of the colony. Were it a matter which solely affected Mr Morgans' horse-leech constituency we, of this end of the country, could afford to look on with equanimity while Coolgardie hung a clog about her nock heavy enough to sink her into Hades. Millions have already been borrowed, ostensibly fur this wretched "scheme," which millions have been otherwise spent, dumped into the sea at Fremantle ov Bunbuvy, or frittered away in other directions. In consequence more will be required to provide for the completion of the scheme, and it will have to be borrowed---at far more than 3 per cent. The interest on this enormous sum will have to be found by the whole community, and will, in spite of the fairy tale that the scheme will pay for itself, constitute a very perceptible increase in the burdens already borne by this truly long-suffering " people," who are even now taxed more than twice as severely as were the Uitlandeis of the Transvaal. The Herald seems now thoroughly awake to the incubus the Forrewtian river is likely to become, and thoroughly severe in its denunciation. It's a pity it hasn't always been so outspoken. Even now it can't be taken too.seriously. [To give the devil his due, the " Morning Herald" from first to last has always forcibly denounced the Coolgardie Water Scheme. It has been " years.— It is a. marked characteristic of .the British, campaign in Safrica that the Boers so often succeed in springing an " ambush " on their enemies. For the chief disasters .sustained by our arms have been the outcome of our troops blundering into a cunningly-set .snare, or rushing blindly (as at Maap'rsfontein) into concealed trenches and entanglements. According to W. T Goodge the Transvaal Army mi«ht be supposed to consist of policemen, as their successes have been chiefly owing io " kops and traps " The latest muddle, \\\here our men weie made pris<-neis by 8,000 ambushed Boers, renders inevitable the uuestion, " What were the scouts doing ' '' Criticism, of course, is easy, at 6,000 miles distance, but after all, it must be a queer country, or a very peculiar look-out must be kept, where 8,000 men can be placed in ambush so successfully. Some of the " Maplemore contingent were fearful that they would arrive at the theatre of war foo late, and that the war would be over before they got a chance to take a hand in the game. But according to appearances there's at least a good twelve months' fighting ahead yet. In Pearson s Magazine for Christmas, 1899, there was an article by Miss Churton, giving an interesting account of replies received from well-known novelists and writers, to whom she had applied for information as to the first guinea " th^y had ever earned by the pen. Most, of those from »vhom Miss Churton sought their experience were cordial and courteous, but there were some exceptions. For instance " Ouida's " answer was characteristic : —" If Miss Churton do not succed in literature her failure will certainly not be due to want of effrontery." And, indeed, such an inquiry into the sinner's first lapse into paper-staining does savor a little of impertinence. The inquisitive lady, probably through inadvertence, didn't apply to me for vii/ experience. Otherwise I could have described my first venture, a wild, weird, blood-curdling story of ghosts and wraiths, with a heavy dose of mawkish love-making thrown in. It was posted to an editor (I'm sorry to say fche brute still lives), and weary, woeful W GOi'i S T waited for a replv. None came, and in desperation I looked up the literary lion in his lair. I received back my unopened Ttl.SS, and was obliged to ante-lip for deficient postage. The rh l K t 1 h S r ticailv me sat r u ^ ^ B i » i if i ti ct h 0 ll <|J>, 1 ere n CO CO > It'll? '..hint; noeoi t IS iH 11 s H i 1-, >ut fail; e-e (not ) th oi h> " i d i t > cocky to make a living, - which his farm alone can never afford him. o o o |||Thirdly, that the squatter doesn't pay anything like the same price, or rent, or whatever it may be styled, for the land, as the small farmer will be compelled to do, and finally that if the latter is content to pay an enhanced price for a grazing area for his few head of stock, and agriculture is chere- by assisted and developed, the Government is bound to give its countenance to grazing leases being everywhere granted. As it is 40,000 acres of Crown land under pastoral lease benefit (if benefit there be) one man only, returning but slight revenue to the Treasuiy.. Under grazing lease the same land may possibly benefit 40 people, and materially assist to fatten Sir John's depleted money chest. writing Ed.]. down" the work for 