THE SfTTS CLTTB. t fBv Eaklv Rose). Thereif^stijiunctuiil attendnnce at the usual. place of meeting on ThursdnV even ing, And when the 'chairman i ook his seiit ir whs evident that useful, business woul 1 ; ' be theordei'of the pVocoediuErs.' ' „ ; ,.? Mr. Manhattan : .{Did I see you, Mr. Chiiirman buying h cli^in fioni my sup- ' posed countryman for, nearly £6. , „ The Chitjriuiin ; jfou did not,.Mr..Man liattab ; and I f will go- further nnd svy : that up to Saturday flight Jl did not think 'there were so many fools in s owra. , Mr. Triumph : Oh! I don't knour about ' jijiat ; CarlyJe said the majority were fools 1 . . '. , Mr. Manhattan : Yes, but you don't ' expect to find them all in one plnoe. Mr. Freeman : Lmnberfc got a telegram on Tuesday stating tlmt the gentlema i would be buck on Saturday, so bheparter? with their oof only hare to wait uutil to night. Mr. Ashleaf Kidney : 1 picked up a bit of paper in Kinghorn-strieet, Mr. Chair man, which I cannot understand, and therefore, bag to hand, it up to you for explanation. The Chairman : As far as I can read it, it says i ' Exit M ? L.E., enter R-^-~ iR.E. Hope the ghost will walk more iegularly. I may say, Mr. Kidney,- that - it is perfectly unintelligible to me. Mr. Cambridge i I think it is a ' Bill Stumps, his mark ' racket 1 Mr. Snowflake : Pshaw ! also. Pish I1 . likewise Boh 1 ? ,. : .'. . .'[ '? '*~, Mr, Flounder: I see that the Bruts say ? they played the^Spmerong match at.Run. nyniede. From what I hear it was' very close to Run 'em-in 1 ; The Chairman ; Don't be too hard on the boys, Mr. Flounder ; they are not out of the wood yet. Mr. Cambridge : I exceedingly regret to hear that we are likely to lose the presence of Mr, Trickett for. at least six months. Mr. Early Rose : I endeavour to con. fine my operations to reporting the club's proceedings, but on this occasion I feel called upon to say that, with the excep tion of my West Maitland friend, Mac. Laren (who was a martyr to Christ's cause in New Guinea), I never- knew a kindlier heart besting under clergyman's surplice than that of our departing rector. Mr, Snow'flake : And so say all of us. Mr. Sntisf iction : I did not see you at the Currumbene-Aleroo Meadow cricket mutch on Saturday, Mr. Chairman. The Chairman; Sorry I was absent, but it was unavoidable. Mr. Satisfaction ; Oh I you needn't re gret the match, Mr. Chairman. That was onesided. But it was all a treat to see one of the players at the tea table. Ha waB certainly 'not out 'there, whatever he may have been at the cricket pitch. Mr. -Harbinger.: We have not muoh light at night, Mr, Chairman, at present, but I do not see that the wife of one of our professional gentlemen is called upon to refer to our latest addition in that re spect, ??»' I see that you have a wee bit of a buggy lamp down at your place f' Mr, Freeman : What's thnt got to da with gold-dredging or photography 1 Mr, Vermont ; Oh { bother this ' come down to sec Lambert about that telegram, And they went. ., - ?. 