MOVING NORTHWARDS. MARKING THE GRAVES. THE COUNTRY'S DANGUAGE. A FTERCE ARTILLERY DUEL. THE BOERS IN FULL FLIGHT. (BY OUR SPECIAL WAS CORRESPONDENT.) Bloemfontein, May 8. On the evening of Wednesday, May 2, the Victorians shifted camp, moving off in the direction of Brandfort via Karee Sid- <*> ing, to join the general advance on Brand- Sort, which took place the following day, wrhen a combined movement was made by 4he 11th division, under General Pole- Carew on the front and left flank; the 7th division, under General Tucker, on the light of the 11th division, and General Button's Mounted Infantry on the west front and left flank. The mounted infantry, composed mainly of the South Australians, (Victorians, and Tasmani&ns;, were in ad vance of the 11th and 7th brigades, and acted as scouts. They advanced for some distance unmolested, but after passing Irby's farm, about eight or ten miles from Brandfort, the Boers suddenly opened fire on them from some kopjes on the left. {Behind the scouts followed quickly tha ilth and 7th divisions in skirmishing order, and were obliged for a time to take shelter in the kopje from rifle fire and quick-firing guns from the hills west ?f Brandfort. They Buffered little damage, iowever, and were soon relieved by our artillery, who, on coming into action, made come very accurate shooting, soon silenc ing the Boer guns, although they were com pletely hidden from view. Ihe advance pi the British was now general all along Khe line, and Thursday afternoon found Ihem in possession of Brandfort, the Boers, under De la Bey, having retreated m a north-easterly direction. Major Wray, chaplain to the Australian forces, states that on Saturday, May 5, he went to Rens trarg, and saw the grave of the late Lieu tenant J. C. Roberts (VJttJL), who was ?hot at Hobkirk's farm, and died the fol lowing day at Rensburg. He was buried beside two otnar graves, and the mounds bave been decently enclosed wit>h stones, painted white, by the men of the Royal Lancaster Miiitia, stationed there. On Sunday Major Wray visited tie graves of those kffled at Hobkirk's. They are all in ?rood order, and crosses have been placed ever the graves of Major Eddy (V.M.R.) end Lieutenant Powell (South Australia). He has made arrangements for crosses to be placed ova: all the graves of the men of the Australian Regiment, namely, Sergeant liams, and-Willson (Victorians), and Pri vates MbLeHan and Fraser (N.S.W.), who iare buried at OolesS>erg. He saw Mr. Hob kirk at his farmhouse, wiiidi received rough treatment during the fight, and bears mark? of many bullets and one or two shells. Mr. Hobkirk very kindly gave full per mission for anything necessary to be car ried out in order to mark, the graves and ?teo for the erection of any. monument that may be decided on. On Monday Major JWray went to Naanwpoort, and arranged (with the camp commandant to have crosses erected' over the graves- of Captains Salmon and Hopkins (both. V-MjR,), who are buried in. tie local cemetery. He seems very pleased with the kindness shown aim by everybody in his travels. He leaves Coiesberg to-morrow for Bloemfontein, ?where he wffl spend a day in visiting the hospitals, resuming bis journey on Friday to join his regiment beyond Branuiort. THE LANGUAGE QtTESTIOK. Per&aps; one of Uhe most difficult pro blems to solve after the war is over and British supremacy Bet up will be the 'lan guage" question* and whether "equal rights" includes the admission of the equality of the Dutch tritSi English as the official lan guage of British South Africa. There are arguments for and against, and it is better 40-weigh -them calmly and give the fullest and most serious consideration. Apart from'sentiment, fhe sooner the Dutch .language is abolished the better, but "sentiment rules tbe world," and we most not forget that the OutlanderE fett" keenly- tiie inequality of language irj jjjhe Transvaal, where, though whole csnsnanlties were, essentially English bihL the commercial language English, com paratively very few could epeafc Dutch, and yet T>eK?" was not allowed as an offi cial language, lie Boers themaSves say "the Jangnagg is the nationality," and tbe Cape have done a?imtheprpower'by mean s of tiie "Taai" Bond and the Afrikander Bond to foster the '"taal" and strengthen the Afrikander nationality in contradistinc tion to the British nationality. If South Africa is to become British in sentiment as well as in name—if the two dominant races are to be welded into one—if peace is to be established on a. firm and lasting basis—tie sooner this fostering of the Dutch language ceases the sooner will the desired end be accomplished. Before the occupation -of. she. Cape by the British, the Dutfch vigorously suppressed the use of the Trench language by the Huguenots and their descendants, the consequence being that the second and third generation never ac quired the language of their ancestors, and before long French and Dutch became merged into one people. The admission oi ihe Dutch language into the Cape Houses of Parliament, and its recognition as on official language 15 or 20 years ago, lias not improved our legislation nor tbe stamp of men returned as members. It sag (diminished loyalty instead of increasing it. end, contrary to expectations, has engen dered race feeling, and retarded rather tian hastened the fusion of tne two races. The perpetuation of the Dutch languaga fosters that strange and unaccountable hat red ot everything British, and strengthens those aspirations of the Dutch' after one great Dutch Republic from the Cape to the Zambesi, where the Dutch language was to be the only official lan guage. Dutch lams, in some cases so op pressive to lie native, -were to prevail, and all tie most important offices in tbe coon try, from a neld cornet to a judge, from a member of town or divisional council, tbo a. member of Parliament, were to be filledl by Dutchmen. Enjdish is the language of the commercial world, not only is Johan nesburg, Pretoria, and Bloemfontein. but in* aS the principal towns of foe Cape Transvaal, and Free State. Most of the Dutch of South Africa, with any pretensions to learning or polished manners, speak rvnrfirih fluently. It is spoken all round the $^obe> and has an enormous literature, while those who speak Dutch or "Afri kaarrcbe" are comparatively- limited in number, their literature is very scanty, 1 and of a. low order. Looking at the subject tlien, apart- from sentimenc, without any bitterness of spirit, -nitiiont any - de fflre to humiliate, but from ttie point of view of the greatest good for the greatest cumber, it is clear that tbe most benefi cial "course is the gradual suppression of the Dutch as an official language, because, as Sir Alfred Mflner lately observed, "the vital imprests of all those who live in South Africa, of onr present enemies as much as of those who are on our side, de mand that there should not be two dis emflar and antagonistic political systems in that which nature and history have ir levocaoly decided must be one country." , THE TBIDMPH OF BOBEBTS. Xiord Roberts's Headquarters, May 10. The march northwards has begun in earnest. Field-Marshal Lord Roberts took possession of Bloemfontein on March 14, and though the delay at the late Orange free State capital has been prolonged be yond general expectation a variety of cir cumstances operated which made this in evitable. The scarcity of remounts, the disaffected population who still hold the southern parts of the country, and ihe su preme importance of placing our long lines of communication in absolute security, all demanded the closest attention during weeks of inaction, hut of untirine and un ceasing activity. From* Rouxville and We Wet's Dorp, from Ladybcand on the one side; from "Windsorton and Warremon on the other, the enemy have been driven, that the whole Boer commandos are noiv in our front, and that a large portion of the Orange Free State extending, in ?? straight line from its extreme wes tern boundary at the Vaal River to the borders of Basutoland on the east is in our undisputed possession. It would not be sur prising if May proved 'the most eventiu. month in t3ie history of the campaign. Its opening days have been replete with ine< dent, witnessing the removal of Lord Ko berts's headquarters from Bloemfontein to Brandfort, fnlly 40 miles, and the arrival ot a large portion of his force at the Vet River, 30 miles still further north. A iort night ago tSie Boer commandos from ?e -pener and Be Wet's Dorp had been ordered to fall 'back on 'Win'burg, but lias been forestalled, for Win-burg is now in our pos session, and the surrounding country, some of the richest in the Orange Free State, is securely held by our troops. There- was little fighting lietnveen Bloemfontein anrt Brandfopt. Our advance was unopposed, while the practically deserted country be tween tiie two places bore ample evidence of tl>e hurried and precipitate nature of the enemy's flight. The foe, it was said, would stand ax Brandfort, but anything more un eventful tian cur entry into ttot little town, in the very centre of the Free Stat ers' country, it would be difficult to ima gine. GENERALS TUCKEE AND CABEW. It was, in realitv, a combined movement by General Tucker and Pole-Carew's divi sion on "the east and centre, and of Gene ral Hutton's Mounted Infantry on tlie west which greatly facilitated the occupation of Brandfort. The Boers were surprised, and took refiige in hasty retreat. Four thou sand Boers, posted close to fhe town on the evening of 'May 2, after a sharp artil lery duel with a portion of General Tucker's force, in winch two of their guns were put out of action, withdrew, and at noon on the following day Lord Roberts established- his headquarters in Brandfort. The bridges and culverts between Bloem fontein and Brandfort were repaired by the Royal Engineers with extraordinary rapi ditv, and the train same through at mid day on Friday. At daybreak the next morning General Pole-Carew's division set out for Vet River, a long march of 19 miles. Nothing of note occurred until about 1 o'clock pjn, when the West Aus tralians, acting as Bcouts, came into contact with the enemy holding the river. A fierce artillery duel almost immediately ensued. The enemv, nnmaftlcinp their guns on our right flatiir, poured 'both shrapnel and per cussion against our battery, but our ter rible fire was never diminished. Then two naval 12-pounders entered into action, and, later, two 5-in. siege guns, so that the noise and the din became terrific. The enemy continued to fire with great accuracy, and it was marvellous that no one was injured. The firing went on until sunset, and as lie departing day faded away an occasional shell might still be heard hissing its way through the calm, clear atmos phere, and finally rufflinc in its explosion the serenity of the now silver- tinged waters of the Vet River, which divided the oppos ing forces. MAJOR- GENERAL HETTOU. Away on our left Major-General Hutton was also engaging the enemy. His force had left camp early in search of the drift across the river to the west, which was eventually discovered to be strongly held by the enemy with a Maxim and a pom pom. A hot fight ensued. The Boa's en filaded our firing line with a Maxim, but our force, pushing rapidly forward with its own pom-pom and galloping Maxim, drove the Boers from the bed of the river, treat ing them to a terribly hot fire as thev re tired. WEST AUSTRAUAXS OOXGBATULATED. It was in this fight that the West Aus tralians so gallantly stormed the kopjes commandinc the passage of the river, and Major Wilkington was subsequently con gratulated by Lord Roberts concerning their brilliant capture of one of the kopjes It was the West Australians, too, with the Canadians, who were afterwards mainly re sponsible for the forcine of the river pa= page. Puring the night Oeneral Hutton nan the railway-line blown np near SmaldeeL and the next day occupied the railway station, the enemy retreating to Zand Kiver. MAJOR-GENERAL lAV HAMILTON". The Vet River crosses the main line of railway 60 miles north of Bloemfontein as the crow flies, and 25 miles due ea?=t: from where our troops crossed the river lies the town of Winburg, which Major-General lan Hamilton occupied on Sunday, May 6. Tliis was an important more, and the ra pidity of its execution caused confusion and consternation among the Boers, as it effectually cut off tne retreat of any 4a rauding parties who lingered in the neigh borhood of Wepener and Ladybrand. On Tuesday, \ May 8, . General Hamil ton had a conference with Lord Roberts 15 miles east of SmaWeel, and, as a result, complete con nection was established between all onr -forces, General Hamilton moving north of Winburg, and General Colville entering that town. THE PRESENT POSITCOX OF THE FORCES. A glance at the map will impress the merest novice "with the importance of the positions heM by onr troops, as well as the marvellous strategy which has been em ployed in order to secure *tJhem. Portions of General Pok-Carew's and General Tuck er's'divisions, ai^d of General lan Hamil ton's column, with the heavy naval eons and four brigades of cavalry, marched to the headquarters of Lord Roberts to-day, and we are now just across <rhe Zand River. The enemy are still holding a strong posi tion, bat are gradually being pushed back. We are about 70 miles from Kroonstad, lately proclaimed by Mr. Steyn the new capital of fhe Orange Free State, -where the Volksraad met recently for the first, and prdbably last, time. Events are certainly now marching rapidly, for with Kroonstad in our grasp, our occupation of the Orange Free State will be practically complete, and we shall be free to cross the Vaal River, and carry file war into the Transvaal. FBOM ZAJTD KTVEE TO KEOOSSTAD. Headquarters of Lord Roberts, May 14. When tbe Bittish {.roops crossed the Zand River on Wednesday, May 9, few were sanguine enough to hope that with in three days we should be in Kroonstad. TUe enemy were expected to take good ad vantage of the excellent cover afforded by the semi-circular line of kopjes often con nected by deep £prnits in close proximity to the Vaalsco? Kiver, along which they had been at pains to throw up entrench ments. That they did not do so is striking evidence of the vacillation which exists in their camp. For the moment they are fighting without spirit and without heart. Infan-try charges and cold steel have in spired toem with a wholesome dread of a near acquaintance wi& our troops: and our artHlery is so efficient, that the Boers shirk impact witii the grand' army under Lord Roberts. The positions norta if the Zand, held on Thursday, May 17, by the Boers, extended from General lan Hamil ton's position on the east, to General Hut ton's position on the west. By an early ad vance on the preceding night, the Cheshires certified the river bed directly in front of General Tucker, while Bruce Hamilton sent the Devonshires towards the river on his front, General Hutton advancing along the railway encountering no opposition at the river. With him was Gene ral Gordon's Lancer Brigade, and behind followed General PoieC-arew's Ninth "Lancers, which formed the advance guard. The first opposition came from a farm house north of the liver, where t&ere; was an exchange of shotsl The mounted troops advanced, until they came under shell fire, and onr pom-poms were brought into ac tion. But the enemy disappeared. On the centre and right, however, things were more lively, and here the Boers made some show of standing. GENERALS TUCKEK AND HAMILTON. General WaveU's brigade formed the ad vance guard of General Tucker's column, while General Bruce Hamilton, led by the Sussexs, advanced parallel to the Boers' position. Our left faced a high and par tially wooded kopje, and on a ridge which continued half way to the enemy's position we placed one gun and a pom-pom. Gene ral WayeH's "brigade advanced to attack the Boer right, and were subjected to an ac curate pom-pom shell and shrapnel fire. But the advance calmly continued, and was supported by a ATnvim of the South Wales Borderers, which poured a deadly fire into the enemy's ranks. This was too ranch for them, and in 10 minutes their force was in fml retreat. Their left, however, held' out against General Bruce Hamilton on two low, rocky kopjes,-on which they had placed three guns, and our troops advanc ing across the plain encountered a heavy sLell fire. Still, on they went, and when within 500 yards of the kopjes the Sussexs, with a ringing cheer, fixed bayonets, and charged the inD. It was a grand rush, and successful, too, the enemy being driven pell mell, a hot, scathing fire being poured amonii the runaways. The Boeis continued a half-hearted running fight, not making even the ghost of an attempt to withstand our irresistible advance. General lan Hamilton's mounted -infantry, .was mean while driving flic enemy's left into the centre, although after a few miles of re treat they again extended. But they were aiready demoralised, and nightfall saw the whole of our columns encamped on rue north side of the river. MAJOB- CE3CERAL POLE-CAB.EW. On Friday, May 11, Lord Roberts^ head quarters were ivith General Pole-Oarew's division, at Geneva Siding, 14 miles frota Kroonstad, and about six from Bosehand, where the Boers were holding an en trenched position. We marched 20 miles during the day. Geaeral Tucker's division was a short distance to the south-east, and General Hamilton's force still further east. General French's cavalry, which had seized adrift on the Vaalsche" River the previous afternoon, was some way to our north, and the line of railway had been secured, prac tically uninjured," lietween Geneva hiding and Reitspruit. We took 100 prisoners, and nearly all the farms along the line of route were flying white flags. Hencefor ward our march was unopposed. At 8.30 a.m. on Saturday, May 12, we were at Bos chand, and found that the cnemv had evacuated their first line of entrenchments during the night. The rest was a mere parade, and shortlv after noon on ihe same day Lord Roberts" rode triumphantly into Kroonstad. His bodyguard on this occa sion was composed entirely of colonials, who headed the historic procession, fol lowed by General Pole<3arew*s column, the Naval Brigade, and companies of the Royal Artillery, and Royal Engineers. The soene was brilliant. "The bands were placing, the Union Jack was hoisted, and there were eheers from, the British resident*. Kroonstad is a picturesque town of 3,000 inhabitants, about 127 miles by rail from Bloemfontein, and 160 mSes from Pre toria. It is the centre of a rich agricul tural district, and has some reputation as a health' and pleasure resort. With the occupation of Kroonstad the war enters upon its final stage. It means tihe collapse of -the Free State, and thougn guerilla warfare may be carried on further effectual opposition from Stern's burghers is out of the question. Meanwhile, Steyu himself has fled to Heilbron, and in less than two months the capital of the Orange Free State fcas been changed for a second time. FORCES Df THE SOtTm-EAST. Thaba JTChu, May 14. Since the relief of Wepener, the military operations in the south-eastern portion of the Orange Free State have been centred around Thaba NOhu. In this imme diate neighborhood the divisions under Generals Bundle and Chermside on one hand, and General Brabant on the other, are on the alert for any diversion on the part of Free State Boers or rebels located in a 10-mile semi-circular area, extending from Thaba Pateoi Mountain and skirting the eastern side of Thaba N'Chu Hill, and thence round to Korannaberg to Ficksburg. Their movements, however, have shown much indecision, and the news of Lord Roberts's occupation of Kroonstad will pro bably make their vacillation all the more conspicuous. Reconnaissances have lately been frequent, and the enemy have re turned to Ladybrand to retrace their steps towards Clocotan. where Steyn wishes to raHy them for a big stand. For nearly a fortnight, however, they have shown no in clination to give battle, and they are hug ging the Basntokmd border, 'iieir mobi lity seems as great as ever, and it is diffi cult to say where thev mav turn up next. Meanwhile, General "Bundle's troops are disposed^ over about 20 miles, and General Brabant's column is advancing towards Clocolan and Platberg. The enemy will probably be soon obliged to fight or be gra dually pushed back. They may aim at joining die on the Natal bor der, in the neighborhood of Van Reenan's Pass. THE BR-mSH FORCES IN NATAL. General Buller's Headquarters, May 16. For the past seven or eight months the whole of the north-western portions ot Natal have been overrun by tine enemy; but the days of their occupation are num bered. On May 10 the Third Cavalry Bri cade, the Second Divwipn, and some Artil lery, under the directJpmmand of Genera^ Buller, were conceSpfeted at Sunday's Kiver Drift, while Colonel Bethune ad vanced from Greytown with the Umvoti Mounted Rifles and the Imperial Light In fantry. On May 12 the former force moved to Waschbank,, Colonel Bethune marched to Pomeroy, and General Hildyard, who had advanced "from FJands Laagte, occu pied Indoola Mountain. On May 13 Gene ral Buller posted three battalions on the steep slopes of Withcock Hills, and, the Third Cavalry Brigade crowning the hills on each side of the main road, attacked by the Pomeroy-road. But the enemy re tired hurriedly from a strongly entrenched position, leaving our troops before night fall in occupation of the heights command ins Helpmataar, while almost simul taneously General Hildyard took possession of Indoola, and Colonel Betbune occupied Pomeroy. At 6 o'clock next morning Lord Dundonald's cavalry and mounted infantry were on the march, and coming in touch with the rear-euard of the enemy, a few shots were exchanged. At Bleebok Laagte the Boers made a sKght attempt to stay our advance, but our iiorse artillery speedily compelled them to move on. Tie Boers eet fire to the grass, but, though the blind ing smoke somewhat impeded our progress we reached Bath, 15 miles from Dundee late in the afternoon, while the cavalry were still furt&er; ahead. Lord Dundonald covered 40 miles during the day, and ihe following moraine occupied Dnndee with out opposition. The town was intact, buj every house had been ransacked from top to bottom, looting fcavine been conducted on a most extensive scale. The enemv fled by train in a most precipitate and scared manner on the previous night, and made straight for Lame's Nek. 