STRANGE STORIES OF LONDON GHOSTS. The extraordinary interest that has been excited in the supposed appearance of a "host at a window in Edith-villas, West Kensington, recalls similar though not quite so sensational stories of haunted houses in the metropolis. Some of these ghostly traditions have been spoiled by subsequent discoveries or. explanations, others remain in the annals of the unsolved problems of believers in the supernatural. Whether spectres representing the depart ed or forecasting tragedies to come are or are not within the range of possibility is a matter of opinion. In these days of en lightenment, it is deemed by many as scepti cal to say that no man ever saw a ghost as to declare that a particular ghost has been seen in a particular place at a particular time. Scotland is admittedly the privileged lo cale of the "haunted house," but London has its legends and its stanch believers in the so-to-speak structural supernatural, its broken-windowed deserted villas, detached and semi-detached, and more pretentious residences said to be or have been unoccu pied for years or generations on account of apparitions which, however, lacking direct evidence of their existence, past or present, have sufficed to scare even the most econo mically disposed house hunters. Whether such things are or are not impossible, it is in teresting to recall traditions which in some eases hold their own, and in others have been dispelled by the disillusionment oi matter of fact solutions. The subject can be treated without prejudice. A WEST LONDON GHOST OF 1804. That infinitely elastic area which the speculative builder for respectability's sake calls "West Kensington," including Edith- villas, now the resort of thousands of ghost hunters, has yet another ghost story. In 1804 the inhabitants of Hammersmith were perturbed by stories of a tall, thin figure in white, which frequented a certain spot near the old churchyard. Wayfarers on foot, by carriage or waggon avoided the spot for many weeks, making inconvenient detours rather than face the spectre. It had been seen, not by one, but by several. One day a young man, bolder than his fellows, armed himself with a shot gun and waited all night for what, he was convinced, was mere ly a practical joker. At 4 a.m. he heard foot steps approaching, then he saw a white figure advancing, then he raised his gun and fired — and killed an honest laborer clad in a white jacket, on his way to work. The gunner was tried for murder and acquitted, and so fur as can be ascertained never solved the mystery. KENSINGTON HAUNTED HOUSES. Coming further westward we can find tra ditions in Holland House, which was built in the seventeenth century. Here in one particular room more than one inhabitant of the building of more thuiv one generation is said to have confronted the ghost of the first Lord Holland proudly perambulating the chamber hearing his own head— not on a charger, but in his own right hand. And no solution of- the mystery lias ever been attempted— any more than that of another connected with the same habitation. Lady Diana Rich is believed to have one evening, when she was taking the air in the garden of Holland House, seen a completely at tired apparition of herself "as in a looking- glass," just a mouth before she died of small-pox. This particular district of London is pecu liarly prolific of ghostly traditions. In 1868 Kensingtonians through local gossip, and Londoners in general through the news papers, were thrilled by a haunted house story. Not a quarter of a mile from Hol land House, and a few yards from tiie high road, an elderly lady lived in a small house with a middle aged daughter and a young servant. Regularly every Friday night they were annoyed by a rat-tat-tat on then- street door when no one was to be seen out side. The two ladies became so alarmed, and in consequence so upset in health, that some male relatives set to work to solve the mystery. On a eertuin Friday night the.u posted a policeman outside the. house anil themselves in the entrance hall. The rat- tat came as usual; they rushed to the dem and found no one near but the. policeman, who had heard and seen nothing. Other traps were laid, but all in vain. But one day the servant confessed that she had been the perpetrator of a practical joke, and had on each occasion escaped dov.n the steps into the kitchen door. A HAUNTED MANSION. The haunted house in Belgrave-square is almost forgotten, although not very long since ninny a cab driver was told to lake a circuitous route in order that a country cousin might be shown the mysterious man sion. There are various versions as to the origin ol' the haunting. Some insist that it is the house in which the son of Sir John Barnard, alderman and AI.P. for London, and a conspicuous figure of Lord Chatham's and Sir Horace Walpole's time, expired four days alter he dreamt that he should die in the course of a week. So certain was he that 'death was imminent that Ile itis penurious habits were proverbial — re fused to give his housekeeper the usual pay ment in advance for his week's morning chocolate. However this may be, tiie pro perty, which in ordinary circumstances was worth about £1000 a year, was for a long time tenantless. Then, says local history, a young couple, anxious to keep up appear ances on a very small income, regardless of "superstition, took the house at a nominal rent, the short tenancy expiring with the sudden death of the husband in Ins drawing- room. A religious sisterhood taking ad vantage of the situation, secured the pre mises, also at a nominal rent. There is 110 trace of these good ladies having seen or heard anything in the wuy of a ghost, and when their tenancy expired in the ordinary course the house, purged of its gruesome associations, was taken by- a genUeimm in whose hands it recovered its original good name, and probably trebled its value. The above are the particulars; so f.-p- as they can nuiv be ascertained, of a few of the well known London ghost stories. There are, doubtless, many others of equally if not more thrilling interest.— " London Chronicle." 