A BLUNDERIING GHOST. A young man much addicted to practical Iking wont, upon one occsion to vilit his uncle, who was the vicar of a small rural village in the West of Englund. Homo short time after his arrival he began to reallse that existence in the dead.and-alive little place was extremely monotonous, and found that time had never hung no heavily upon his hands before. Later on, however, it occurred to him that he might obtain some nmuse ment from the village folk, and he according ly ftoured his face, attired himself in a large winding sheet, and took hi poet behind a high, gaunt tombstone in the churchyard one :lear, moonlight night. For more than half-an-hour he waited there meoontarily expecting some unwary villager to pass that way. But it was late and at that hour the timid country people shunned the lonooly path with superatitious dread. Consequently the disgusted ghoet was about to retrace his steps disappointedly to the vicarage, when lbe espied the recumb. out ligure of the gravedigger. who, being a hot disclaimer of thie bhle ribbon, had lost control over his lower linmbs. The gliding ghost passed and repaessed him several times, breaking the stillness of the night with sighis and conniencencursed croa?n. The hIllplss nman, however, evinced no terror, strangely enough,and in disjointed words presently deaanded, " What may your name be ?" This was a punoler, indeed; but noting, by Ihladi of the moonlight, the large lettere Incillbod on it tombstono near at hand, 'thllthbai-lilne alnswer- - " I am the spirit of Josiah Jarviel" G" a oin I" was the incredulous retort I dildn't a 'ee fur to-to tell no lies." "' I anl the spirit of Jnsiuh JarislI" re peulrd the ghost, in impreseiva, though sepunlonhral tones. "Then I tell'er you bain'tl" roared the ironlterved gravedigger. " Josiahll Jarvi onl.y 'td onet leg, an' I reckon no wan liked on well enaff fur to fetch t' other 'ome from the iUlnla, where he left un, Joue' to let th' ol' fella exercise the pair in prowlin' an' tramplin olll ver the graves o' Orishun folks thleh time o' night l" 