The Coningham Divorce Case. ADDRESSES OF MR WANT AND PETITIONER. THE JUDGE SUMS UP. Sydney, Dec. 13 The Coningham divorce case was resumed to-day before Mr Justice Simpson. Mr Want continued his address at length. To-day he spoke for three hours and a half. He said it had been shown that one could not trust one word of these people. The jury must- remember what Dr O'Haran had at stake if he was guilty of this most abominable charge. Occupying the position he did he should be flogged to death with scorpions. No grave was bad enough for such a man to fill, and no punishment would be too great. But if he were innocent was there a man in the country more worthy of their admiration and respect ? He was innocent, so let him with esteem and honour go back among his own coreligionists and be able to hold up his head before the world, saying " I have gone before a jury of my fellow countrymen and have been proven innocent upon my oath and before my God." The petitioner in his address said he had heard the long discourse of Mr Want and regretted that his talents should have been misused on behalf of such a creature, by whom he (Mr Want) was paid to try to prove that black was white. Was it likely that Dr O'Haran would admit his guile ? What should be the punishment of a man whose duty it was to direct those erring into the paths of virtue, if the charges were proved. Judge, he said, of the demeanour of Dr O'Haran under cross-examination. _ He pointed out discrepancies in the evidence of some of the witnesses for the co-respondent. If there had been a word, of blackmail in his letters the other side would have proved it. There was not a breath of suspicion against the respondent since her marriage except this misconduct. He had fought this case, penniless, against the ablest council on the other side who were surrounded by mymidens to do their bidding. Turning round suddenly to the co-respondent the petitioner said : " How dare you look me in the face ? You know what you have done to my life ". The judge spoke to the petitioner who apologised. Continuing, the petitioner said that .£50,000 would not have squared him. The other side had never thought that the respondent would come into court. After the luncheon adjournment the petitioner resumed his address. He spoke for nearly three hours, in course of which he asked the jury to disregard the suggestions of collusion because there was no evidence to prove it. He dwelt on the discrepancies in the evidence for the co-respondent and asserted that Mrs Coningham had told her story straightforwardly. Mr Want had asked for a clean-cut issue, and that was all he wanted. His Honor in summing up read the issues which the jury had to try. The first issue was whether the parties were married in 1898, about which there was no contest. So the jury might find in favor of the petitioner on that issue. The second issue was whether the defendant had committed adultery with' the co-respondent. As he had told them during the progress of the case it might appear strange to them, but it was quite open to a judge sitting by himself, or a jury, to believe, under certain circumstances, and according to evidence in any particular case, that the respondent committed adultery with the co-respondent, although they might find that one co-respondent alone did not commit adultery with respondent. There was no question about such a verdict for the simple reason that there might be evidence in the case against the respondent but no evidence whatever against the co-respondent. Her admission that she committed adultery, if proved against her to the.satisfaetion of the jury, was evidence against her, and judge and jury would find a verdict upon these admissions, but the admissions o* the respondent outside the Court, while they were evidence against her, were no evidence whatever against the co-respondent. That was both law and justice. If the respondent had not been called as a witness there would not have been a tittle of evidence against Dr O'Haran, because her admissions outside the Court were no evidence whatever against the co-respondent here. Never since he had been performing the duties of judge in the Divorce Court had he met with any case in which respondent was called as a witness and had admitted her own adultery and had proved adultery with the co- respondent. He was not awaie of any case where such a thing had arisen. Dr O'Haran had given photos to other ladies and there was no suggestion of impropriety in their cases. They had to find on the issues " Yes," and " No." There was no such thing as " Not proven." They must consider that the case for the petitioner must be made out to the satisfaction of the jury without reasonable doubt. The petitioner's story was clear and distinct. There was the somewhat parallel case of Ciocci v Ciocci. In that case the wife sought for a judicial separation from her husband, and it had been stated, in support of the charge of misconduct made against him, that he had been seen talking to women of bad character. - The husband set up the defence that he was a member of a Prison Aid Society, and had spoken to the women in question in the course of his duty. In that case the judge said the presumption in favor of innocence should be acted upon if there was reasonable doubt. Without ocular proof it was impossible to be absolutely certain in cases of this kind, bat the law required that they should be satisfied in their own minds. This was not a case in which they could find a verdict of misconduct against Mrs Coningham and not against Dr O'Haran. That would be almost as serious a thing for the co- respondent as a verdict against him. Mr Moss's action in the case was a serious step to take. It might have a serious effect upon the minds of the jury. He found no fault with Mr Moss. He only referred to it because one witness stated he saw Coningham going to Mr Moss's office. What Mr Want said was also perfectly true. No power could compel Mrs Coningham to give evidence of her misconduct. There was no attempt on her part to take advantage of her privilege. She came as a voluntary witness. She had a consultation with a barrister having a large practice at court, and she had not seen fit to be represented at the trial. There had in this case been no defence on the grounds of condonance. That had nothing to do with the question of misconduct. In fact there must be an an offence before it could be condoned. Condonation did not obliterate the offence, but in law it had a serious bearing on the case. If Mrs Coningham had proved condonation, even if the issue had been proved against the co-respondent, the petitioner could not have got a penny damages, and he (His Honor) would have had to dismiss the petition as against Dr O'Haran. The only way condonation came in was as to how it affected the question whether these two people were working together. If they believed Mrs Coningham they must find a verdict in favor of the petitioner no matter how it aftected O'Haran. The consequences were almost as serious as if tie co-respondent were on trial for his life. Charges of blackmailing had often been made but that was not a reason why, in, this case, the woman's story story was not true. The juryjhad nothng to do with those charges. He was sorry that the doctrine of ^absolution had been brought into the case. He always thought it was a doctrine of the Church of Rome, and indeed of the Christian religion, that, if a sin were forgiven, then it was wiped out. One of the priests did say that absolution was, " I absolve thee from thy sins in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." There was some difference, as he understood it between the explanations given by Father Creegan and Dr O'Haran. If the jury believed the evidence of Mrs Attook, Mrs Johnson, Miss Hollingdale. and Father ByEns, then the story i elated by Mrs Conmgham as to the occurrence of June 29th could not be true. The petitioner claimed that these people put their heads together to get their priest out of it. The evidence of Father Byrne was clear and very important. His Hono'*' then dealt generally with the case, and showed that the dates 17tli March and '29th June had an important bearing on the truth or otherwise of the respondent's evidence. She had not been asked to correct her evidence on these points, but maintained that her story was true. He did not thirk the fact of the respondent having had a misfortune in early life affected her credibility. His Honor did not formally close his summing up before the Court adjourned, at quarter to seven o'clock. 