R GREAT WRONG: OB, THE SIYSTERT OF BLACK BOIr 7W GRANGE. JHAFTER VI. — Gmmnenm "He insulted me and X stabbed him," she explained, as she turned toward the new comer — " not seriously, however, as l etruck him in the shoulder. I think he has tainted I" "No, I haven't," growled the wounded man, getting on his feet again ; ' bnt you'va given me an ngly wonnd, and I'll have your life for it." "Stand back, sir," thnndered the other man, his tall head towering above them. "If the wonnd was in yonr craven heart, 'twould serve yon right. How dare yon insult a woman I" Then turning toward Denote, he removed his Highland cap, aod said : " I beg yonr pardon, madam. If there it any assistance I can render yon, 1 am at your service. Something in the kingly form and massive brow, and in the deferential voice, inspired the girl with a feeling of confidence. ' If yon please, sir, pnt me in the right way to Piedmont Station," (she aaid, quietly. " Certainly ; this way. If yon please ; Pied mont lies to our left;" he replied, bowing low before her, as he added, "Allow me to guide yon thither." He started on, and, without a word. Miss Trevethon walked by his side, leaving her wounded admirer Btanding In the moonlit ; -» "An eye for araeye, a tooth for a tooth, a blow for a blow— that's my code," he mat- tered, bis teeth set. 'Td know yon in Hades, with yonr glittering eyes and yellow hair.my termagent, and Til bout creation over, bus I'll find yon and settle this score." Meanwhile Miss Trevethon accompanied her guide, until the lights of Piedmont twinkled through the gloom. He had not asked her a single question relative to her strange position. He merely gave her that courteous care which every true man owes to an unprotected woman, and the girl's heart acknowledged this chivalrous kindness with a tbrfll of admiring interest mob an mo otbsr man bad ever awakened. "I see the train just coming," ha remarked, as they reached the platform. "V are jnst in time. Are yon going fart" "Only to the next station, sic," " If yon are at all afraid, and would like me to do so, I will cheerfully accompany yon to yonr journey's end." Lenore smiled np at him, and pnt ont her slim, white hand, its diamonds and emeralds flashing in the light. " I thank yon sincerely, sir, bnt there is no necessity. 1 shall be quite safe, now, and I will not trespass upon yonr kindness any further. Yon have done me a great servict, and I am gratefaL" He took the soft hand and bowed his hand- some head over it. " Oh, yon are more than welcome ! I only wish I could further oblige von." The train came steaming np. " Yon are sure," he continued, " there I nothing more I can do for you ?" "Nothing, sir, thank yon, unless you will tell me the name of the man who does not hesitate to pay doe deference to a lady, even if her position ohances to be question able." The towering head was bared again, aad Cowed before ber. " My name is Ambrose Gerhart." " I shall not forget it, nor the service yon oave done me," she replied, as he assited her on board the train. Tbe carriage door closed, the engine ut tered a shriek, and flew on again ; bnt Btand ing in tbe moonlight, Ambrose saw the fair face and radiant eyes fromThe window, and once-more lifted bis cap. " She is some princess in disgnise," ht murmured. " A lady one can aee at a glance, and as lovely as one dreams the angels are 1 There are no each women as she ia my world 1 I wonder if I shall ever see her again f" . He sighed as tbe red light on the rear of the flying train faded in tbedistance, and the .. —cxt- -T. ..rn ni, E n " Be Muttered, '"hotto trc content with what I've got 1 If one has the glow-worms, why should one pine for the stars ? Ah, well, 1 won't stand here and dream ; my good mother's oat-cakes will all spoil with waiting, and the lambs and kid re to be folded yet." He drew his Highland cap over his cluster ing locks and strode on at a rapid pace. At the extreme edge of the Black Hollow, oelo w tbe manor, he saw a strange figure ad vancing toward him in the moonlight — the figure of an old man, bent and stooping,' with ncad and beard like snow. 11 Who comes nowS" thought Ambrcafe. No such character as that inhabits those parts. Who can he be I" " Hello 1 good father 1" he exclaimed nloBd, which way are yon faring t" The old figure paused, and turned on Ambrose a face that looked strikingly youth- ful In contrast with his snowy locks. " I, sir I Where am I going? Why, back, to More ton House, to be sure 1 Did they send yon to hurry me ? Pre overstayed my time, I confess." "No, sir, no one has sent for yon I I merely asked which way yon were going ; yon look as if yon might be a stranger here abouts." The old man stroked bis rippling white oeard, and laughed a soft, musical laugh. "Do 17 Ah, well, I snppose I am a stranger ; this is on odd world, and it puzzles me. Yes, yes, I'm a stranger. I're bees stopping at the old manor yonder." " What? The haunted manor ?" "The haunted manor, sir, making the ghosts a visit. Fm not afraid of them. "And what may yonr name be, sir? if yon'il allow me to ask. ' " My name, yonng sir? "Well, they call me King Lear at the Moreton House, and that'll do for yon. I had another name once, but no matter. When the time conies yon shall hear it. Some folks call me a lunatic ; do you .think I look like one V " I think yon look like a gentleman. I should take yon for one of the old lords that used to live up yonder." " Would yon, now f Halhslhsi What on observing yonng man yon are. And yonr face, Heaven bless me, where have I seen yon before f" " I think tin is onr first meeting, King Lear." " Will yon smile again, if yon please, yonng man ?" Ambrose showed all his white teeth. "Good heavens, what a likenespl . I never saw such a likeness. The very smile, and a " Ambrose Gerhart, sii." ' And yon live in these parts f" "In the cottage below there, pappose yon go down with me ; the night is advanced, end 1 most hurry on, or my good mother's oaff cakes wili spoil with waiting." 'Nav, thanking you all the same, bnt I must hurry on, I am going back to the Moreton House, and I've overstayed my time now, I only rundown ones In A while to look after tbe old house. It is going to rjfin sadly, and It breaks my heart to see it. But as soon as I get affairs untangled, and secure the ruins again, ana between ns young man, t was a fool to let them alio. I'll hold, fast and then 1 shall hare (to Grange repaired and thrown open for visitors. I shall be glad to see yon. Mr. Gerhart, for I'm psttjFU- burly struck with yonr face. No doubt you're heard of tbe Treretbons ?" "Oh, yes, air; I've seen Sir Geoffrey Tre vethon !" " Indeed 1 May I ask when and where! "At Lyndith Hall, where he now lives." . " Sir Geoffrtf Trciethon ? Mr. Gerhart, sre yon sure yon saw him 1" " 1 am indeed." n Sir Geoffrey 1 Well, bless my soul, thiv I an oM world I Yon saw Sir Geoffrey rrevethon at Lyndith Hall 1" Ambrose smiled at what he believed to bo a madman's vagaries. "I certainly saw him at Lyndith Han. About two years ago I went across with a irove of cattle, and I saw Sir Geoffrey, and . s very pleasant and hospitable gentleman he " No donbt. Ha i ha i ha 1 the best joke it the season that. I really think, Mr. Ger- Dart, we shall be compelled to have you at Moreton House, You surely belong there. But, bless my soul, 1 must hurry ou I Good- sight. I shall look to see yon when I open the Grange." _ . _ " Well," mnsed Ambrose, watching him as ne disappeared, " tbe last wonder is greater than the first. Who can he be? A mad man, of course ; bnt he has the sir a gentleman. CHAPTER YH. AH BHBAEBASSIXG nECOGNITIOH. Miss Trevethon sat in tbe breakfast parlor of the Highland -Inn, on the morning follow ing ber wild adventure, a trifle pale, a 3 i trie more subdued an.l tbougbtful tbail was her wont, bnt imperially calm and self-con tained. She was dressed in a morning robe of crisp muslin, with an uncut book in ber fair hand, and her eyes bent npon the blue peaks that lay beyond tbe open window. " Sir Geoffrey, fresh and genial after his day at deer-stalking came i:i. " Lenore, my dear, how fresh and fair you look. This biiland air agrees with yon. Put by yonr book anuncte, please ; I come with mews for yon. "News again, sir Geoffrey 7 Pray, what is it this time 2" " News again, my dear— the best of news ; and, as yon dislike guessing, I'll reveal it at once. Myson, Richmond, reached tbe lodge last night." For oik swift instant Miss Trevethon's imperial -calm -was -dUt«ibed...'Sbe«tartea sliuhtly and hit her bps. The news of the return of her betrothed was not at all wel come. But in the next breath she was her queenly self again. ' He has come at last, then," she re sponded. ' At last," Sir Geoffrey continned. " He arrived at Lyndith Hall only a day or two after onr departure, and came on at once to join us, but, unfortunately, lost his way, and last night he met with an accident, "An accident? ' " Yes ; but pray do not be alarmed, my dear ; there is nothing serious." Miss Trevetbon's laugh was by no means flattering to the baronet. "Dear me, Sir Geoffrey, I am not at all alarmed," she answered, lightly ; "and, beg- ging your pardon, not much concerned. But what was tbe nature of tbe accident, and how did it happen 7" Sir Geoffrey's brow contracted in an omi nous frown, bnt he answered, quite plea santly : " He was attacked on the highway, and hs received a wound in the shoulder, not seri ous, as I said, but quite painful ; and as he shows some disposition to fever, the phy sician enjoins entire quietude, for a day or two at least. Naturally, my dear, he is quite impatient to see yon, and, fearing he may rebel against orders, 1 am here to beg that yon will do me the favor to walk over to toe lodge." The yonng lady arches her haughty brows. " Yon want me to go and see Richmond? That's what yon mean, isn't it, Sir Geoffrey?" she questions. " Precisely, my dear." " Well, I'm sorry to disoblige yon, bnt since the yonng man has been so very tardy about his return from abroad, I must beg leave to decline the honor of running down to welcome him. If there is danger of death I'll go, otherwise we can await his reco very." She rises and walks over to the window with the Mr of a born queen. Her guardian's eyes follow her with s look that leads one to think that under the velvet glove he wears . is the iron hand, strong and merciless when tbe occasion requires. But he answers pleasantly : "As yon will, my dear; bet the poor fellow will be disappointed." "He won't break his heart, Sir Geoffrey," she replies. She watches the bine hills with weary eyes at he leaves the room, her thoughts going back to the old manor and to her ad- ventures of yesterday, and, for the first 'time "At last 1" she murmured, " at last 1 He is here, and my freedom will soon end. I wish to Heaven I were dead, and lying in tbe Black Hollow by my poor mother's side," Two days went by before the baronet's son was able to leave his room, so painful were the effects of his wound ; and in all that time Miss Trevethon did not once visit the lodge. Lady Halstead tried persuasions and severe words, but tbe young lady was nut to be moved. Go to see her future hus band she would not ; bnt the tiny ring, the symbol of tbeir childish marriage, still hang in her bosom, and she had no thought of die- Obeying her father's will. On tbe third day the yonng man received eriainton to go out ; and, as may be imag ined- his first visit was to bis cousin. Olotilde announced Geoffrey and his son, atad then directly withdrew. 171th high-bred composure, bnt with a sefcret flatter at ber heart, Miss Trevethoa Brdte to receive her bridegroom. My dear Lenore, here he is at last, "cried \- As baronet, "this laggard lover of yonrsutd I«nlv hope you'll give him hia deserts. Coma, fen do not Btd to be introduced." suss ire veto on oows, ana me young man advances ; then both stand and stare for a few moments in petrified amazement. " Heavens above 1" ejacnlates Richmond, at last breaking the embarrassing silence, a onrions expression crossing his swarthy face. Lenore says nothing, bnt hoc eyes darken, and her red lips settle in a determined line. " Well, my dean, why don't yon shake hands 7" cries the astounded baronet. Richmond reddens, hesitates, Bnd then ad- vances with proffered hand. How are you, Cousin Lenore, I am very glad to see you 1" She waves away his offered hand, and throws np ber graceful head. "I cannot touch yonr hand, sir. Stand back, if you please," she says, her voice like a flute. " 1 fou are the man who wsa cow- j ardly enough to attack an unprotected Woman when she asked a simple civility of yon I Do yon not know me, sir 7 Ah I see that you do, Sir Geoffrey 1" turning to hpr guardian, her face all aglow with indigna tion. "Hear me 1 I had no intention of tol ling yon of my escapade, bnt I will. The day yon went on the deer hnnt I ran away from Clotilda and made a visit to Black Hollow Grange. Do not look so incrednloos. I did J - It is only natural that I should want Sir Geoffrey's face grows 'las white as death, and bis eyes resemble those of a blood thirsty Deast, not nu warn goes rear- Jesaly on. 'f WAS is the qld house, apd had quite a strange rglfentare, which belated ne, »pd, on my return, I lost my wqy. I encountered tbe man who .stands before me, and asked . him to pnt me in the right road, and he basely insulted me1 ' Let him deny it if he 4pre; Sir Geoffrey, you are mistaken your self, of ypq fro tiyiRg to impose on me. That man isrwt ynutr im\ heisnt%'TFT7- tfaon 1 No man, with a single drop of TleY& thon blood in his veins, would be suphada? tard as to insnlt a woman I" The baronet cowers away from ber blazing eyes with fbe feee of a man eonvicted of paffft ghamefnl crime ; bnt his sdn pushes . fprwato, hjF#rt)iJ face flashing hot with soger. " Ves, I org bis son," he retorts, hip wiflfo feeth set hard together ; " J am his son, anq, what jsrgore. lam yopr husband, my fiery beanty ; and you'R dp wejltopurb thatsharp topgueof yours." " My husband 7 Hear tbe lunatic I He calls himself my husband," laughs Lenore, Richmond -Trerethpnlooksat herSaUidai dant face with eyes that glow witn mingiea anger and admiration. " Yonr husband, yes," he repeats, " by a marriage in onr childhood ; by your dead father's command." Tbe room rings with her scornful laughter. " Our marriage in cbildbood was no mar riage at all," she answers ; "and if my dead father should rise from the grave and com mand me to marry you I would refuse. Dis obedience may be a sin, bnt to mate with one like yon would be rushing madly to secure a life of misery." Hush 1 .don't speak rashly ; you'il repent of such bitter words by and by," be says, as suming a conciliatory manner and attcmpf- ingto take her band. " How could 1 even dream of meeting yon at snch an hour and in snch a place 7 Yon must forget that foolish encounter." "I shall never forget it, sir," ehs cries, recoiling from bis touch with undisguised horror and aversion. " No matter whether you knew me or not, I was a woman, and 1 asked a kindness at your Lands and yon in sulted me. Tbe vilest man tbat lived could do no worse than tbat. Stand back, sir ; do not venture near me. I have my little weapon still, and the next blow may striae home." She draws a jewelled dagger from her bosom and flashes it before hiB eyes. He falls back, grinding out a brutal oath between his set teeth. " Come, come," cries Sir Geoffrey, coming forward, " tins will never do. Lenore, my dear, pnt np yonr dagger ; it is a dangerous toy, and I muBt beg that yon will cease carry ing it. Do not be rnde, my son, 1 beg of you. Yon two cannot afford to quarrel." " Fes, we can," interposes Lenore ; " we can afford to quarrel and to part. You may go, air," boning to her lover with imperial Scorn ; " there is no need that yon and I Should ever meet again." " Yes, there is, by George," the yonng man bursts forth. " Last, night's account is to be settled yet, and I'll settle it with a vengeance, ; t», when the time comes." ' His father takes bts arm and pushes him aside. " Richmond, be silent 1" he commands ; " leave the matter to me. Lenore, my dear, yon must remember — " She cats him short with a gesture of im- perions disdain, "No need to remember, Sir Geoffrey," she cries ; " less need to waste your breath. Hear me, and then have done with it. All my life my intention has been to abide by tbe letter of my father's will, and make good my childish marriage with yonr son ; bnt seeing bim now as I do, a man whose face betrays bis habits, a man who does not scruple to in sult an unprotected woman, I would die a score of violent deaths rather than become bis wife. The Trevethon heritage must go, my poor father's will must be disregarded. Of the two evils I choose tbe lesser one. You have my decision in regard to the matter, 6ir Geoffrey, and I bid yon good- morning." She makes them a graceful obeisance, and sweeps from the room like and empress. Father and son stand face to face for a fall minute. " Well 1" questioned the baronet then. " She shall be my wife," replies the son, his dark face flushing hotly ; " and once mine I'll pay her with interest for ail this." "She'll pay yon, yon mean," retorts Sir Geoffrey. "She's more than a match for you, yon bungling idiot. If you had barkened to mesne mignt nave oeen your wire iwtave months ago." "Tbat may be, but she shall be mine, nevertheless. I swore to have my revenge tbe night the stabbed me. Curse her, I doubly swear it now." His father seizes bim by the collar and gives bim a vicious shake. " Silence, yon fool," he thunders. "You'll ruin everything with your infernal temper. Let yonr revenge rest. To secure the Treve thon wealth is our object. Don't forget the very bread we eat comes from this girl's bounty, and even yonr income is of her giving. Let her slip and we are both beg. pa," CHAPTER VIIL THE WAS BEGINS. Lenore sat at the window of her chamber at Lyndith Hall, near the close of a stormy day, gazing far ont at the angry waves beat ing on the shore. .. "Never cross a bridge till yon come to it," he mnsed, bending ber pensive eyes upon hope they have accepted my decision and made up their minds to abide by it, bnt I fear it ia not so. It will be hard with Sir Geoffrey to lose hia lion's share of my fortune. I have a fancy that there's trouble ahead. I think my worthy guardian's face suggests some thing that isn't exactly quite submission. " Well, sufficient onto the day is the evil thereof. When I get nearer to my twenty- first birthday it will be quite time enough to give the unpleasant affair my serious atten tion. Marry that wretch I never will. Ah, what a dreadful mistake my poor father made when he suffered that childish marriage to go on 1 " And yet," she added, taking the tiny ring from her bosom, " I cannot bear to take this little trinket off. Xennnot help regarding thfltflUnuM flf ia which m Bother and father witnessed and sanctioned, as something sacred and binding, and which I dare not repndiate. And yet I can never becomtSSchmond Trevethon's wife. Was ever mortal woman in snch a straight be fore 7" With a moan of angnish she bowed her head upon her folded arms, and her thoughts soon drifted from ber trouble to tbat sabjeot which so frequently engrossed tbem — the mystery of Black Hollow Grange. — A double rbystery it had become since hei eventful visit to the old manor ; and the re membrance of tbat ghostly face which peered down npon her haunted her waking hoars and filled all her dreams. Was it a ghostly thing from the land of shadows or a living, human face 7 Bbe was resolved to know, and yet she. could not summon courage sufficient to make a second visit to the manor. To speak to ber guardian was ont of the question ; and when on one or two occasions she begged Clotilde to accompany her, and related to ber tbe events of her former visit, the woman trembled with terror. "Ask me to die for yon Hiss Lenore, and I'll do it willingly, bnt do not ask me to go near tbe accaisea place." Hence, Miss Trevethon brooded over tbe mystery, and deferred her second visit, until a most absurd idea got possession of her mind. She fanned that her father might have been shut np in tbe eld house, and that it was his living fane she saw, The idea was certainly an absurd one, bnt it so possessed her, and her desire to solve tbe mystery be came so great, that she determined to write letter to Ambrose Gerhart, and beg him to assist her. . She 'remembered his name well, and his peasant wShian maae pf blm. as being the only person who had ever dared to venture within the Haunted Manor. If any one could assist her this man could ; so the yonng ladyputaside_all scruples, and wrote him a frank letter, "disclosing tbe fact tbat she wss tire daughter of Jhe missing baronet and the qurdered lady, and begging him tq assist ber in solving tbe mystery which hung -over her father's nam. She directed her letter to Piedmont Station, and awaited an answer with feverish impatience. " Two weeks have passed since the letter went, and surely X shall soon get an answer," he fhqught, a the dqsk of the wiqtiy tfrb Ught began tp gather tqM her, ' (To beootjtisncd.) St- Peter (to applicant) : "Yon ssy you Were pa editorial writer on a newspaper ?" Applicant t " Yes, zir." Bt. Pefcf : if Step into the elevator, please. Applicant (stepping into (he elersior) : " How soon does jt go up |" ., St. Peter j doesn't "go "up, it goes ;d<iwn,f, " . 