pepper's rhost. ( Deatb of the Professor. Tlio Originator of the Illusion. ; . In the death of Professor Pepper, at his residence in Celworth-l-oad, . Lcytonstono, there passes away a personngo who may bo rightly looked upon as the originator of the modern style of Illusion (writes tho "Dally Telegraph"). Ho wns the, creator some 30 years age of tho celebrated "Pepper's Ghost,'-' und for some time earned much fume and.no. little fortune by the exhibition of un, Illusion which was then looked upon us marvellous, but - the secret of .which. Is easily .explained. This was in tho days when those curious vn- l'iety shows of recreative science known as Polytechnic Institutions wore, popular- with a class having midday leisure uiid. no settled way of passing If. Foremost in the. van of such places of entertainment was the Poly technic in Regent-street, now Identified with cheap trips lo the Swiss . mountains or the Norwoglnn fjords and- the . Young Men's Christian Aunoclntlori, tho. Adelaide aallery In the' Strand, now replaced by Guttl's Res taurant, mid 4he Panopticon In Leicester- square. The Adelaide Gallery flourished (or a time on tlie dual atJr4aituu.oLa'.riieanvHU>v: rind an olectrlcul eel, -.while the Poly technic drew1 Its pntrohri by a display of 'dissolving- views, and a dlvlugJbell Iipu tank. It was then that PROFESSOR PEPPER AND IIIS "GHOST" appeared on the 'scene, anil' opened up ri netv era In the. world of modern magic. Pepper wits it ma n who, although of no great Inven tive talent, wns nevertheless >„ clover talker, und able to keep In touch with Ills listeners so as to hold their iitienllon, and oven gain their admiration. . He quleltly saw that 1C tho Royuil. Polytechnic was to enjoy, more of Pol-tune's favour than curtain of Its rivals, It was necessary lo Introduce more novelty and sensation Into a form of entertainment of Which a dlvlng-boll and dissolving views, were .the ..stable .attractions. ' Ho succeeded ; with Ills "Ghost." : ' ' , On the origin at this Illusion MivMuskolyno; of .Egyptian , Hull funic, und of whom -no bet ter authority on such subjects 1h living, was able to throw- much light, "Pepper/" said Mr. MuBkolyne, "really got his Idea from walking one day dowji'a puuuage In St. James' Hull, at tlie end of which was a mirror, mid he saw himself reflected' from a dark back ground. 'In fact, to-day you can- see "l'ep- por'H Ghost,'.!. thatMs to say, yourself, every where. In a railway train, travelling at night, you can see your figure and face re flected outside, appni-untly In space, or In a dnrlc room with a strong llgnL behind. It was however a young ciigluocr liuuioU Dlrolts who llrBt cuine lo Poppor with the Idea In tho w'orkablo forin. The latter saw . there war. something In it and tuulf out a patent. The rosult wns niOBt successful, and Popper niudo a loL of money. Moreover, Ills success gave a great impetus tn Ihe magic business. It brought in men of talent, men who could think and dcvluo now and original effects with mirrors. One of these was a man named Sylvester, also known as THE FAKIR OF OOLOO, who improved considerably on "Pepper's Ghost." Pepper had his mirror standing at an angle of 45deg., and reflected from the wings, with the reHiilL that fi'oni.eoitaln parts of the house the figure did Hot nhv'nyri look' sljulglit. Hylvostih- got over tills difficulty by inclining the mirror which faced the uu- dlonce to a loore'aciite nngls, und plnolng the person to ho reflected below the stage, In what was called Ihe "oven," because It was always so hat down there, and thu body was then reflected from behind by strong lime light. The Professor was also Identified with an other "Illusion, " called, the Sphinx's table, a th'reo-logged table worked Willi mirrors, much In the sumo way1 as the ghost e.uslricHH. /ro bin, an 'assistant of Pepper's, wus really the .originator of the Sphinx tuble, which was J ulso shown In thu Egyptian Hall by Colonel Stodare, un American. Then , there was ulso w THE PROTEAN CABINET, with lls centro-post nnd the rofieetlrig mlr- rorB, which when' placed ut a certuln angle ' gave tho impression .that llie' cabinet was- empty, wliile all this time tlie performer 'Was standing behind ready to step out and appcur before the spectators. ' 1 "The cleverest thing, however, that Pepper ever did— and this was In conjunction with a Mr. 'Walker, who was un orgAn'-tyi'llder — was What' was called1 t'tt'e- "Metompsyclios'lsi!' Here tlie glass, inBtiad'.of.-helh'g'staikonafy,' was movable, arorit/cafie tyurii'takea'tdJpievent the edges of- the, mitfror frqihtbelng seen,1 The great thing was' to move tlio "mirror across the stage und enable affohtalc- pofferitier tu' take tho place of .the nmn.' or', vlt-'e-versa. Ait the/ time tho lderi'wa'ri' corislilered' exlromoly novel, and was undoub.efily effective. Later on pepper Went- to Australia, and posed,. as u ruin-maker. You know: fired shells up' at tlie clouds hi the lnipe of bring ing down rain, though 1 think lie only aelilev- cd success when the clouds happened to ba charged with moisture. On his return from Australia Pepper, I believe, again took to lecturing;" 1 : r ' ' With regard to the latest form (of -Illusions, Mr. Mnskolyne, for obvious reasons, wots un-. able to lie explicit, though lie admitted ;that without diagrams It 'was very difficult to adequately convey the Idea of how. an lllu-> sloti Is managed. "To-day," he. continued "Ihe work lias become far more complex. You may safely say it lias entered the highest de grees oC mechanics. The illusionist must be a' student, and have a profound knowledge of physlfcs. Y'ou can't Irivoiit new- Illusions, It's ;? -> no use sitting do.wn and. thinking them out, ; ' It Is iuit merely !ii.1qiic3tlon of needing an Ideal'. '. - nnd then working/It out. You have to creata tho need, so topeak, rind very often a; scheme is rondorod inipraoticablc owing to the nature of your surroundings. Moreover, he wants tai ' .( bo,; If anything, a little ahead of the times,1 to-' bo quick enough to turn some novelty or dls- ; / covery to account before It becomes known tat' the- public. As an- Instance, ' . IIOUDIN, THE FRENCH CONJUROR, In tlio days when electricity; wns In Its .In dsney, "niaile'a ti-embnd'ous hit with an eiec trlenl drum, suspended In mldnlr, with tha tiippui-s Inside, People enme niml marvelled. It's no use doing that to-day. , Everyone , knows flow it Is' doiie. So wo have to glva tho. drum with the tappers outside,, elcctrla' Hpai-ks, and overythliig. No, ,tho dlfileulty,. to-day. Is not to dccctvo the pulille, but tha .expert,' the rrinn wlio- knows the business nnd. . bus studied II. ' lt"js.'a6t7))iiite'uVt"l6 decelvd the nvorngu audlonee, slniply because, sitting! eoihrurtably, porluipri smoking, they don't! ti-oublu to find out. ' But It's not the saina with tlio expert, lie knows llie points of tha business, nnd yet I flatter myself I have beeml able'to dacnlvo lilm as completely ris the losa scleritlflc mcinburs of my audience." Tlio late Professor, It may bo mentioned1 was born at Westminster, .Tune 17, 1821. Hd wus educated at Loughborough House, Brix ton, and King's College School, Strand. Ini 1840 lie was Assistant Chemical Teacher at tha Granger School of Medicine. ' It was' 1-m 18471, ho gavo his first lectures ' at the! Royal Polytechnic Institution, und In 1848 ha was appointed Analytical Chemist and Lec turer on Chemistry at tho Ttoynl Polytechnic, Ho afterwards became huiioi- tiry director oil that Institution, lie wus qii honorary llfa moniber of the Institution of. Civil Engineers rind it. Fellow 'of the Chbjnlcnl Society,' Wlilla In Australia, ho was appointed Public -Analyst; to tho Mayor and Corpm- allon of Brisbane)' Queensland, holding tha appolnLiiieint fori ninny years. ' . - 