A TALE OF THE NORTH COUNTREE. By Austin Strange. The almanac said that it was June. But the weather seemed to he indulging In reminisoenoea of February and Maroh with a dash of November thrown In. The rough wind howled and beat npon the rugged fellaldea and rushed sweeping up the valley, making the smoke from the village ohimneys perform wild witch dances in the air. All day long heavy showers had been falling until all the little waterfalls that leapt down into the valley were turned Into foaming cataracts and every trickling Btreamlet had become a miniature torrent. Ghyllslde, the old grey house on the hill, was used to the wild westerly gales, and its solid Btone walls braved them with Indifference ; but the long sprays of ivy tapped impatiently on the window panes and the drenched white roses on the porch raised tearful faces to the blustering But inside, in the low old-fashioned drawing-room, a wood fire was orackllng merrily, and the two young people who sat on the long settle beBtde it had little thought for the weather, save that its wildness seemed to accentuate the cosinesB and comfort within. For “it was a lover and his lass,'' and they were fully oooupled in talking in the dear foolish way that lovers have talked and always will talk, let cynics sneer as they will. It was no wonder that the old servant beamed on them when she brought in the tea tray, piled with all the good things she could think of, for she was no cynic and they were indeed, as she said, a bonny The tall, broad-shouldered young fel low with the frank kmd eyes was Jack Merrival, owner of Hawton Hall across the valley, and his protnised bride waa pretty Monica Hailey, who lived with her widowed mother in the old ivy-covered house that had been her grandfather’s. Mrs Hailey had gone for a few days' visit to Carlisle, so the lovers were able to enjoy an undisturbed tete a tete ; and if there be any lover so unselfish as not to prefer the absence of even his most respected friends when his beloved is near, I don’t want to know him ; he 1b no true servant of the god of love 1 But presently Monica, who had been looking out of the window with somewhat anxious eyes, said in heartfelt tones : *■ 1 wish mother were at home.” “ Do you, darling 1" said Jack in some surprise. “ I am afraid I am only too glad to have you all to myself. But per haps 1 am boring you 1” “Silly boy, no 1 Don’t you know I love you I But if mother werB here she would make yon Btay the night. 1 don’t like to think of yonr riding home through this storm." “ Don’t worry about that, little one,’’ he answered, cheerily. “ Nellie (his mare) and 1 have weathered the gale on many a worse night than this. We shall turn up again to-morrow safe and sound.” Monica’s sweet, anxiousfaoebrlghtened. “ I hope you will, Jack. Mother says you are to spend the whole of Sunday with me. Isn’t she good ? And Mary is to chaperone from the kitchen.” “ Dear old Mary l" laughed Jack. “ Would that all chaperones were equally discreet 1" “Will you meet me aB I come from ohuroh ?” “Of course I will, sweetheart, and we will have a long, blissful summer’s day together." Monica laughed from sheer happiness. “ Oh, it will be jolly ! it will be just like being married. I shall make you take the head of the table, and you can grumble at the dinner." And she blushed so delightfully that her lover waB constrained to kiss her on the spot. “ You dear 1" he exclaimed ecstatically, “ it simply takes my breath away to think that in two months’ time you will be mine altogether. Do you really think that you oan give yourself to a great hulking fellow like me ? ’ “ I think I can," Bhs replied demurely, “ but I shall be able to tell better to morrow, when we have bad a day’s experi ment in matrimony ; we must do the thing correctly, yea know. You must complain horribly of ray extravagance, and I shall have to clamor for more house keeping money." “ Is that what they do ? Poor things !" said Jack pityingly. “ It’s a consolation to think that we are ourselves and not the rest of the stupid world." Monica disengaged herself from his arms, and looked at him with laughing “ Jack, you are becoming as illogical as you are vain. It is time you went “ Half-an-hour more, dearest,” he pleaded. “ Not another minute. Blr. The night is getting wilder and yon must get home while the daylight lasts.” In vain he coaxed ; she was inexorable, and after a last embrace he turned to go. But when she opened the hall door, and the wind thundered in, sending all the doors banging, aud the rain oame driving In her face, she drew baok in dis may. “Oh, Jack, you can’t go in this weather. I am sure mother would wish you to stay If she knew. You know Mary always keeps a bedroom ready for you." “ I shall be all right, darling. Never fear. Never fear. Your mother Is aw fully good to me, and she has left me on parole. I mustn’t do anything she wouldn’t like.” “ Do you think she wouldn’t rather have you stay, than go and catch your death of cold ?" returned Monica indig nantly. But the young man knew the ways of thiB world better than his Innocent little Bweetheart, and he was determined that no breath of gossip should touch her name through carelessness on his part. “ Don’t tempt me, darling ; you know how hard it is for me to tear myself away. Nellie and I will be Safe at home in an hour or so." Monica Bhook her head ruefully, but she felt that he was right.” “Promise mo at least," she entreated, “that you will go round by the bridge. Don't try the ford to-night; the river must be running fast and high." “Very well, little sweetheart, I pro mise, Now, good-bye, I muBt go and find my horse." He always attended to his horse him self, for, though there were disused stables at Ghyllsido, there were no mon servants. In a few moments Monica heard the olatter of Nellie's hoofs, and Bhe ran down the Btone steps with a wifely caution. “ Be Bure you change all your olothes as soon as you get In, Jack.” “ All-right, dear little woman. Go In out of the rain and take care of your pretty self." But when he looked round again Bhe was still standing there, a slim, white figure against the dark stone and ivy, her fair hair blowing about her templeB, and such a look of loving pride on her sweet face that he was obliged to turn baok and stoop down for another last kiss, much to his mare’s dlsguBt. And then at last he rode away into the twilight, his heart beating high with chivalrous love for his fair young bride. Little, alaB, did they dream that already the cruel strength of the swollen river was wrenching and tearing at the supports of the bridge he was so soon to cross. * « # • * The morrow dawned bright and calm. Sunday's sun streamed down from a clear blue wind-swept sky, and all nature had the look of clean freshness that follows a storm. Very winsome looked Jack Mer rlval's sweetheart aB she tripped lightly down the bill on her way to her church. All the forebodings that had kept her awake listening to the moaning of the wind were dispersed by the morning s brightness, and the very bells as they rang out on the quiet Sabbath air seemed to tell her that soon, very soon, in an hour or two, her true lover would be by her side. She thanked God in her gentle, girlish heart for her tender and manly lover. Down the hill she came, a glad light in her eyes, her dainty muslin frock' suiting to perfection the bloom and fresh- , ness of her youth. As she turned into the long, straggling village street her eyes fell upon old Betty Gudgeon, the despair of the parson and the disgrace of a thrifty, Belt- respecting Cumberland village. There she sat at her cottage door dishevelled and unkempt, sucking away at her Bhort clay pipe, a blot on the brightness of the morning. Monica was paeslng her with a word of kindly greeting when the old woman, raising a skinny forefinger, muttered : “Eistl Dost hear ?" The girl paused, and, listening, heard a rumbling sound, as of distant thunder. “ 'Tls t'rlver," said the old crone, shaking her head. “Eh, my 1 But there’s some drooned beasts hurtlin’ together i't' watler to-day." With a Bhudder Monica turnod away and hurried down the road. But a shadow seemed to have fallen on the beauty of the day, and the singing of thrush and 'ark seemed to be eclipsed by the rumble, rumble of the river below. Was there something strange about the people, too, or waB it only her Imagina tion ? Did the ohildren look at her with awestruck, round eyes as they made their curtseys, and whisper together when she had passed! Why did Mrs JameB and old Farmer Mason disappear into their cottages when they saw her coming, instead of greeting her in the usual hearty North country way 1 And what was the meaning of those groups of people in the middlo of the road who looked first at her and then down the river, and melted away In ones and twos, as she drew nearer 1 A feeling of apprehension and bewilder ment came over her. At last one of the women, a tall, grey haired, farmer's wife, severe in face and ] speech, but with a heart of gold, detached herself from a group of neighbors and came resolutely towards her. “ Miss Monica." Bhe said, and she spoke with a gentleness and hesitation quite unusual with her, “Mbs Monica, dearie, I think ye’d better be steppln' homewards." “ Homewards, Mrs Lewthwaite 1 Why, whatever do you mean 1" “ It—It'll likely be raining before long,1' answered the woman lamely, looking up at the clear blue sky as if in search of a cloud, and there were unwonted tears in her hard grey eyes. Monica gazed at her In astonishment, wondering whether her mind waB wander ing. Before Bhe could speak the woman glanced apprehensively down the road and uttered a stifled scream. “ Oh honey, go home, go home l1’ she cried. But the girl’s glance had followed hers and Bhe saw a knot of men moving slowly up the hill and they seemed to be carrying something A sudden chill fell on her heart, she knew not why What is it, Mrs Lewthwaite ? Oh what Is it !’’ “ It will be something as they found i’ t’ river, l doubt. There’s—there’s strange things 1' t' river the morn. Oh, dearie, let me take 'ee home I" But Monica stood as if rooted to the ground. Her face grew white as her dress, and the glad light in her eyes faded and gave place to a look of bewildered terror. And yet she did not know what she feared—she only knew that she seemed to be In the clutch of some paralysing dread that laid icy fingers upon her heart. “I must go-and see," she said at last, and she spoke in a quite, almost breathless, voice. “ No, no, for the love of the Lord, no 1" broke in the woman vehemently. But Monica was moving swiftly down the road, and she could only follow, wringing her hands in despair. The men, stepping slowly and heavily up the hill, saw the slight ghost-like fioure hastening towards them, and their consternation could not have been greater if it had been a ghost indeed. They panaed and looked ai one another. “My God 1” mar inured one of them. “ 'Tls Miss Monica herself. What mun we do now l’1 Hardly knowing what they did they laid their burden on the ground, and Btood closely round aB if to hide it. Already she was npon them, and her entreating eyes searched their faoes as If she would beg them not to let that be which Bhe feared. When she spoke it was not in the clear, bell-like tones which they knew, but In a strained unnatural voice. “ What is it I” she said. “ What have you there ? Mason, Oartwright, can’t you answer me ? Farmer Wilson, surely you will speak to me 1" The big, red-bearded farmer shifted uneasily from one foot to the other, “ 'Tis—’tls summat us have found down by t' river.’1 “ Is it—is'it—a man 1” and the ques tioning voice died off almost into a whisper. “Aye, missie.” There was almost a sob in the man’s rough voice. “ Aye, ’tis a mon." There was sllenoe for a moment—a moment which, to the men who stood there like whipped children, felt like an eternity. They would not, they tell their wives, pass through such a moment again for a.thousand pounds. At last she spoke again in a far-off voloe. “ I must see him 11 “ Nay, nay, missie,’’ cried the farmer, and he put out his hand as if to ward her off. Here Mrs Lewthwalte, who had been standing by in dumb distress, interferred. “ Is’s gone too far, Farmer. What man be, man. If you’re a man take these fellows away till ’tis over, and 1 get her home.’’ So the men slunk away, leaving on the ground that which they had carried. And the two women stood and looked down at it as it lay there at their feet. ! So still, so still it lay shrouded in the I coarse white sheet. Monica fall on her knees beside it. “ Oh God, oh God," she oried, and her voice roBe to a wail, “ help me to bear it." And then Bhe turned back the sheet, and saw the face and form she loved. There he lay in the pride of his young manhood—so white, so cold. Hi3 face that used to be so boyish strangely ennobled by the majesty of death ; the armB that used to enfold her crossed for ever on the breast; only the small black mark on his right temple showing where some rook or tree bad struck him and caused his death as the Bwirllng torrent had swept him along. With a shuddering sob that seemed to tear her heart, sha bowed her lips to his, murmuring : “ Oh, my love ; my love ; my love 1’’ ~And that was all. To the village woman’s surprise she did not shriek or make a scene. That splendid quality which runs in English blood, whioh the Frenoh sneer at as coldness, but which we may call dignity or self restalnt, came to her help, and she reverently covered the dear face again and roBe to her feet. In a quiet mechanical voice, she said : “I will go home now, Lewthwalte. And please ask them to bring—to bring him up to Ghyllside.’’ And then over-strained nature gave way, and she sank down in a Bwoon. Willing arms carried her home, glad to find something they could do. A faiuting girl seemed to them a far less uncanny thing to deal with than the ghost like figure with horror In her eyes and strained voice, asking questions that they dared not answer. And so the two, the loved and the lover, entered the quiet old house Bide by side, alike unconscious—the one to Bleep I the sleep that has no waking, the other i to wake to a life of pain and loss. Long she lay unconsobus, hovering between life and death, watohed with tenderest care by her mother and the old servant. And when at laBt she waB able to go about again, their loving hearts were wrung to find that nothing would give back the glad light to those blue eyes, nothing would take away the look of haunting terror fixed there for ever by that one dread sight. In vain they tcok her away to try to change her thoughts. London, Paris, the Riviera, all alike were vain. She tried to be grateful, but it was evident that she always pined for home, and the question was ever rising to her lips : “Mother, dearest, shall we soon go home ?" But her mother dreaded the home golDg, for Bhe knew how the child’s Bteps turned ever to the river, where she would spend long hours gazing with fascinating eyes at the rolling water, as though she expected to see her lost lover’s form rising from its depths. She never went to the quiet church yard, where, while she lay unconscious on her bed, they had laid his body. She seemed to have forgotten the terrible meeting in the road. It was always to river, the river, that her thoughts turned. There was her beloved, and there she fain would be. J one came round again with its sun shine, its roses, and its summer showers, and they were again in tbeir beautiful riverside home. Bat the mother's heart Bank when she remembered that the day was at hand that was the anniversary of Jack Merrival’s death. A. whole year had gone by and she could see no improve ment in her child. The day dawned wild and stormy as its predecessor. Mrs Hailey rose with a foreboding heart. As she dressed she made her plans for the day. She had bought and kept for this Bad day a new book, said to be of absorbing interest. If that failed to hold her child's attention, she would herself feign headache and try In that way to keep her by her Bide. And if she found that still the poor breaking heart muBt brood upon its sorrows she wonld lead her to the pretty, peaceful churchyard— Where the tired body lleth, With Its feet towards the east, and try to persnade her to take an in terest in the green, flower-deoked grave, Instead of turning always to the melan oholy river. But while she waB thus thinking there oame a knock at the door, and fatthfal old Mary burst In. “ Oh, ma’am, Miss Monica 1b out some where and I can’t find her In the garden. Her bed has never been slept In thlB night. Eh dear, dear, dear, what’s to do, what’s to do 1” Mrs Halley’s face blanched. “ She has gone to alt by the river, Mary,” she said with trembling voice. “ We must go and fetch her home. It was a year ago to-day !” But It was too late when the anxious, grey-haired woman reached the riverside. It was early in the grey day when Monica, sitting at her window, as she had sat all night, had heard her lover's voice calling, oalling through the roar of the wind. And the voice seemed to come from the river. “ I am coming, my love, my own. Oh, I am coming,” Bhe oried. And through the darkness and the rain she had hnrrled, her long fair “ hair all ravelled 1' the wind," her tender feet cut and Bplashed by atones and pools, hasten ing on and murmuring, “ my love, my love, I am coming !” And so she had fonnd reat at laBt, sink ing into the rushing waters as Into the arms of her beloved. They found her half a mile lower down, lying on the grasBy bank, a slender, white, wave-tossed thing. But the strained unnatural look had gone from her face, and wore an expression of Ineffable peace. I - 