WAY H OP LiyrNGh V ' NEWSPAPER FRAUDS, UNLIMITED' 'Tho fraudulent advertisement Is a hardy perennial, as difficult to kill, as a healthy ghost or a false tradition,' .re marked a magistrate's clerk to tho writer not long since. ' There is no rooting it ont, and whilst tho vigilanoe . of tho police And nf rnwHunnor man in Aiif.f.incr ill dnurn in one direction, it is beginning to flourish in another.' He spoko < pessimistically— as . perhaps, considering the . dreary, nature . of .his duties, was natural enough I but few will dispute the justice of his next observa tion, \- ' Tho only practicable. way of checking the evil, apart from.proBeoutionB,' ho said, 'is by. repeated < exposure in the press, thus enabling at least the newspaper- reading. portion of. the public to judge fojr thomselves what paragraphs are probably or possibly swindles.' After complimenting the ' Saturday Jdurnal ' on certain exposures of this kind .which havo from time to time ap peared in its columns, the offioial .pro ceeded to detail such instances of. adver tising frauds as had come under his notice. . : From among these I select a few of the. most ingenious and and impudent for in clusion hare, bofore passing on to relate the history of a gigantic conspiracy of the same nature. Marvels of value i Must be cleared I SE WI NG-M ACHINES for sale at a RIDICULOUS FIGURE I No toy or Brummagem goods, but a real well-made Sewing Machine, guaranteed to stitch smoothly and well. Price only 2s. 6d., by post 3s. All machines returned as defoctive will bo promptly exohanged free of charge. This offer, emanating from a large hard ware centre in the Midlands,, met with a liberal response. Those whom it induced to part with their money realised that the 'ridiculous figure' was their own; when they received in exohange — an erdinary sewiag-needle.' No less audacious was the following i — SMOKY CHIMNEYS 1 Smoky Chimneys! Why suffer in health and temper from this intolerable nuisance when a remedy can bo cheaply obtained?. , We will forward our patent TUBULAR SMOKE-GUIDE to any address on receipt of 8s. 6d. iu stamps. Never fails to aot. Warranted for two years. rriL. i.J t -A- -X, : A no Bww&e-guiuo; wuwu uppuuMui \iir tained proved to be a common briar pipe. Genuine and successful instanoas of swindles of this type might be multiplied, but they all present practically the samo general features— a carefully vague offer, and entire relianoe on the gullibility of the publio. A more curious illustration of the latter characteristic was afforded by thiB as tounding offer in a country weekly news paper. Only tho names have been altered : — WINSTANTON Town . Hall. — On Saturday ovening next, at 8 o'clook precisely,, PROFESSOR MARCESI, the renowned levitator and equilibrist, will give his world-famous performance, in the course of which he will mount to the roof, unaided, .by successive leaps in the air. This feat, unequalled among the acrobats of the universe, depends for its, suocess , upon the Professor's secret and excluiivo discovery of a method of demagnetisation from the power of gravity. Admission, by ticket only', Ss., 2s. 6d., Is. A reduction for families and parties. Tiokets may be ob tained half-prioe if purchased, before Friday next, from Professor Maroesi, 14, Lyons Street. In its concluding sentence lay the real reason for the insertion. Tho Professor, having secured considerable patronage on half-price terms, vanished from his lodg- ings(whether by levitation or other moans) in tho small hours of the Friday morning, with the money of the too-confiding readers whom, his preposterous advertise ment had deceived. Lest country readers should resent the seeming slight upon thoir intelligence implied by the above, let mo interpose with a hoax no les3 successfully per petrated on Londoners some twelve mouths ago. One of tho mushroom weoklies - that. Bpring up from time to time in the Metropolis,, to grace a remote corner of the bookstalls for a fow weeks and then vanish, inserted a ourious and fraudulent notice in a conspicuous corner of each issue : — LS.L.A. Authors, journalists and . others desirous of obtaining this diploma should apply to the Seoretary, etc. The fact that 'this diploma' is unknown to fame, did not prevent many persons— the present writer among them — from ask ing how it could be obtained. Here is the reply to applicants :— ' Society of London Authors. 'Dea-B Sir,— III reply to your enquiry, the Committee of this Society are prepared to grant thoir Literate diploma to- a limited . number of persons who can fur nish satisfactory proofs of their connection with the London Press. ' If you desire the distinction, and will forward with your application a copy of any article, story, poem, etc., you may havo contributed to a magazine of other publication -issued in London, I shall be glad to place your name before tho Com- luittoe. ii ine consnuucion is uusiguuu, a written statement of your authorship is essential. I need hardly point out the advantages accruing to a member of the litorary pro fession' from his association with this Society. Yours faithfully, ' W H -. ' P.S. — A Registration Fee of two guineas should accompany your applica tion. It will be returned in the event of your proving unsuccessful.' The careless reference in the postscript is delightful ; it is as though the quostioa of the fee had almost escaped Mr. W— H- 'a attention altogether. Apart from the obviously intentional copying in the Society's title, of that well-known body the Society of Authors, the tenor of the whole letter is not exactly calculated to inspire confidence. It is, in fact, a clover appeal to tho weakness of not a fow persons for tho luxury of a string of letters after their names. Those — and they were many— who parted with their two guineas, did not receive oven the worthless diploma their vanity coveted. For the Society of _ London Authors, its mission — that of 'raising tho wind' — being accomplished, quietly and unostentatiously subsided. Other instances must bo omitted as the spaco is insufficient for tho doings of other concerns. 