Mining: Appeal Case. The very important case of Pilmcr v. No. I South Oriental and Glunmiro.<Gold Mining Company reached . another, and .perhaps its last, stage yesterday by a majority-judgment of the Fall Court. The case is of great importance to. the two litigating parties ; and it is of considerable importance to the mining pnblio. Had the decision turnod wholly on matters of met, it would have been very significant ; .. bat it is much more so because it tarns partly; upon a point of law. The judge in the' court bolow and his honour Mr. Justice .Real held that tho.aceideut was caused by a breakage in tlie handle of a backet at a place- . above - what they '- understand to he the mouth of tho shaft ; . whereas their honours the Chief Justice' and Mr. Justice Cooper hold that :tho breakage occurred below what they understand to bo the month of the shaft ; and therefore was an incident not contemplated by the section of the statute relied . upon. This is partly a question 'of faot, and 'partly' a" question of law; and -on - the judgment of the mujority of the. Fall Court, the meaning, of the statute is that the mouth - of a shaft ia not at tho level of the ground, whero'persons enter nnd-leave' the cage, and where material brought up, from the shaft is delivered ;' hat at the top of the " casing, up wbioh: the cage., passes towards" .the roof of tho structure. As "the- .'judgment now stands, that -will be held to be the.proper inter pretation of the' clause under' observation. The said clause - reads - as'.' follows : "The month of every.' shaft shall ' he- protected by automatic .'stif-closing-' doore, , fixed to the skids- or guides below ..the poppet, heads, so - as- to., prevent" thocage or anything else from falling down the shaft." The mo9t that can he said -by A ley man, on the judgments, is as above indicated — namely, that two of the judges hold -the mouth of the shaft to be at the ground level, and that two of them hold it to be at the top' of the casing; and that, therefore, the breakage having ocourred - between . these two points, tho result is that. two of. their honours say that the accident is covered by the statute, and two of them that it is not. The latter two being a majority, in the Full'. Court, their decision so ; far determines the case. On the judgment, the mouth of a shaft,' as intended by the statute, is not on a level with the surface of the ground, hut is on the top of the wooden casing up which -the cage may pass after it has discharged its load. If that is a correct interpretation of the statute, then no doubt all possible haste will be made to alter the. statute tu make it signify that the . month - of a shaft shall be understood to be the opening at tho level of the surface of the ground. In passing wo - must point out that it was very faulty for counsel to plead that the suffererby thisaccident had contributed to it by his own negligence. There was not .the ghost, of a' proof-' .that . he had done so.- - It. might have been that he agreed to -accept. all. risks, inoident to bis work; hut even where a person does that it cannot be said that lie contributes by his own negligonee to an acoidenti . Agreeing to . accept risks is not contributing to . cauBee "of dangcr. The certainty is that this", man was working under the belief ; that . he. waB entitled to pro tection from causes of ncoidents which might arise above the month of the shaft ; unless it is truo, as .stated by, one of their honours, that there might .'bo soma donbt as to the application of -the law -to shafts in course of construction as.-, distinguished from shafts being used for working a mine in the ordinary way. The painful part of the business outstanding is that men; working in mines are exposed to fatal . acoidents in -regard to which'.! their surviving friends cannot obtain legal redress. .- Perhaps we shall never rcaoh.a stage at. whioh all possible acoidents aro provided'for ; but we aro 'bound to do- the best that is possible by human means ; and it does seom to tho'ordinary lay mind" that the legislature believed that" this sort of accident would ho'provided for by the olquse given above. Something might he said on tho breakage itself. There are some objects in which latent defeats cannot be deteoted ; ' hot there are.othor .objects in which latent defects can be detected, by suitable ' tests'; A wire ropo or a,bar of iron may be tested for either patentor. latent defects,' and a bucket handle is in that category. 1 The -information was- that' never ' beforo had an nboident occurred by the breakage of "a buoket handle in this way., That, is u thing, most creditable to ali persons concerned, - but we have to, consider if there was a defect in this particular objeot whioh led to the fatal breakage. Evidenoo . . showed that the , nature "of the defeot .was'. visible hftpri the. breakage'.; aiid persons familiar with these objeots know what may be dono by moleonlar notion ; but we have to consider if; molecular. aotion. will break tho fibre of a bar; of iron where there was np original defeot ; that would bo an acadomio question ; the praotioal oue is as toon original defeot in this particular objeot. The court below appears to havO'been satisfied with tho evidence given on' this point ; ' and not muoh, if anything, was mado of it. AU that we can further say just now is that most likely an attempt will be made to amend the statute. 