BLACK JACK OF WILLARD'S CHASE. [All u.jiits Reserved.] Willard'e Chaso, part of tho New Forest, which lit ono time embraced half Dorsot, Hampshire, ond Wiltshire, is full of hills, which towards Dorsetshire, turns to bi:ro dowus, with hero and there a becch of clump treds and dwarf ouks on a knoll, and a sun ken lino that indicates an ancient British pathway or an old Roman road leading to the coast. Up a low grassy track, called in Wiltshire, ' mdriveB,' and round a shoulder of tho rolling down where three lines of grassy ram part showed that a Roman camp had once stood there, upon a September ovening a few ?yearsjigo, a young fellow wended his way slowly and thoughtfully, and in a deep : roverio. A- sturdy keeper — the wanderer — had his gun Wilis shoulder and his dog at his heels. ' ? i He was ' a fine well-built young son of Britain of aboutTwo or three and twenty, his face shrewd and defiant, his step firm and light. His' brown velvet shooting jacket was worniilmost whito on the right shoulder, , whilst tho! gray . felt hat hc.had thrust rather ' j&untily; on qne side of his head, bore traces of hard;Bervico in many a storm. ? . There was a peculiar half -smile on his faco that evening— an expectant kind of glance. : - as he scanned the woodlands and copses Scattered here and- there below him. — - Suddenly a little figure ran round a ring of Druidieal stones, and waved a handker chief. The young man Btarted and held up his gan, and then like a deer bounding down into the hollow was met at its base by a langhing rosy checked girl. Fair-haired and blue-eyed, tho young maiden betrayed no sign of alarm as the sturdy handsome young keeper caught her in his arms. ' You aro late, Harry for Bure,' Bhe ex exclaimed, in reply to a dozen kisses bes v towed on her pretty lips as red as cherries. ' A nice gallant lover ! I'm ashamed of yon, sir I I ventured on the way and yet you've only just come up. Thought you'd have met me in the deep hollow copses 1 \- - bid behind tho witches' oak. thinking to jamp out upon you like a ghost f' ' A very substantial ghost, Hetty. Would make a ghost many a fellow would give some thing to be haunted by. I Bwear.' More \- kisses here1 followed, which extorted an ejaculation of ' Do-a-done, Harry.' ? 'Say, Hetty,' at length exclaimed the ardent lover in a Berions tone, ' have you heard there was another buck killed last night by the River Oak ?' 'But that was not your walk last night, Harry.' ' No; you remember I told you old Teddy Jakes would exchange with me. It's that ruffian, Black Jack, again. I owe him a debt, and would give a year's wages to have my lingers laced about hia throat. I'd strangle him and save the hangman trouble later on.' ' Oil, Harry, don't I Pray don't look like that. You look — you look— downright ugly, there!' 'I can't help it, dear, I get so savage when I think of that villain's crime a year ngo. When killing his victim he got off by a too lenient sentence of manslaughter. Now, ,w. listen tb me, Hetty.' The young fellow. taking the pretty little dimpled handB of Ilia companion within his own.here sat her down beside him on the grass. ' You put me in mini now, Harry, of the Sudge at'the 'Sizes. Whatever is the matter ? !t)h, I do feel bo frightened, Bure !' exclaimed the girl, laughing loudly, showing a set of teeth that glistened like pearls in her rJctby *' liEtle WscBud 'inotith. 'Don't laugh, Hetty, dear, for I want to talk BeriouBly to'-you,' said hef lover, as still ' ' Sholding iier hands firmly clasped within his own, he looked fondly into her bright blue eyes. ?' Now tell me, dearest, did you men. tion to anyone that I and Teddy Jakes are poing to change walks ? The poachers and dcerstealera have heard of it, and-theycan do what they like with Jakes when they on-:e get him to the Pyed Bull; you- know:what'.-i drunkard he is: you know how he drinks.'' ' Am I on my oath — really to tell you the lion est truth, and nothing but the truth ?' cried the laughing girl, as she shook her lover's hand up and down. ''You must tell me the truth— yes, Hetty.' ' And yon won't be cross or angry ?' ' How could I be with' ycu, darling ?' ;? ' Well, then, I did tell about the walks being changed, but I can't tell you who that party was I mentioned it to.' 'But I must 'know who was your confi dant, Hetty; I can do nothing without the ?- information.' ' Well, it wasn't u deer- stealer, Harry, and it wasn't Black Jack.' ' Don't suppose it was; pet; but seriously, it is no laughing matter to me. If thiB thing goes -gi I sbalklose my character with Lord Rivers? so yorn must be explicit with me, my dear girl, for' I must get a' clue to these vagabonds.' ; ' Must I teU you, Harry?' There was a sorrowful, regretful tone in the voice of the maiden now. ? 'If yoq loyo'.me.Hetty, you will tell me the truthl' r. :. . ' Arid you won't bo cross with me?' .i-' ,... 'Cross with you, pet? — no. I am con ? vinced it was the knowledge of the change lost us that buck last night. Tell me at once ' who you mentioned it tb.' ' Can't you guess, Harry, dear?' 'I've not the faintest idea, Hetty;' ' Well, it was to my brother Luke,' said tho girl, all the mirth dying out of her face now. ' 'Your brother 1' gasped 'her lover, bis hand shaking bo that'lie almost dropped his gnu. ' The 'Pyed Bjall iB Luke's favourite hunt, and 'tis tliere'tiio poaching1 gang meet I've long Buapoc(ed.'? \; ' Yca- an|i myj brother, thb'aamo as Jakes, ? is '^ver cravin^or drink, Harry, and I sup pose' he let out whatfl told him when he was -?/ intoxicated.'- ... - v ' ' Without arjitkmljt,. Hetty!' Poor Luke! scarce more thgl a jbpy;hiB love of- liquor will be his ruin; hj'^caSeEis wortji than Jakes, as the latter' is iitl oid'-n£an. -'However, this will bo a' cauti9n ;to.-yo!i, darling, not to repose confidence ;iflr ^your brother, again. * When the wine's in the wit's out,' and' this holds good-witl/ strong ales. And now I'll 1 tell you andther ; secret, dear ono,'— with a hurried kiss the young man moved to go ? ' Teddy Jakea acd I do'not change to-night; . we have orders from the| ranger to retain our usual posts. Ho -if the' poachers Ardupto any moremisehlef, they'll come to grief. Mind, Hetty, not a vford, even to the very air. Good-bye, my ovrcet- pct;I wish-I eould ^ go back with you, but'I cannot.' ' 'And ia this- tlitf way you are going to leave toe ?' pouted tho' young beauty. ' ' It is almostjt matter of life and death, '? ? Hetty, and'if y'oti lova me yon wouldn't wish to keep me. , I shall see or hear of thd deer n, stealers at the Pyed Bull, and shall then know what to do.' ^ ' Oh, do not go after them; Harry.- Black Jack will kiU you; he fears'riothing.' $-*?{ ' 110 more do 1, 'Hetty, there. Good bye, ? Ipyo; don't cry, .don't bo. foolish!' heox ™ claimed, ua ho now clasped her in hia arms; j r ? ' ' I'm on tho truck of the cang, now. Wish mo success, dear girl.' I do, Harry, I do; but, oh I I have an awfnl feeling of something terrible about to happen.' And now, as tho yonng keeper' bouuded away, Hetty Bank down upon tho grass, weeping and Bobbing in a very par oxysm of grief and alarm. Asharp'run across the downs meanwhile, soon brought tho young keeper to a hllly.Bpot that commanded a good view around and a clear sight of the inn, the Pyed Bull, known by woodmen many a mite away. Standing on the summit of the hill, his eyes bright and keon, Harry discerned four men congregated at the door of tho inn, all of whom were pointing acroBS the road to a high field near a wood on tho opposite side. A few minutes after the astute and deter mined keeper had reached the little village public house, and making his way into tho bar as he had Buspected, found seated with some half-dozen loafers, his fellow keeper, the old man, Teddy Jakes, who, half drunk, was shouting out the scraps of n hunting song. By tho iire, with hiB back to the door, sat a stalwart lad, Hetty's reprobate brother, in closo confabulation with a short, red, bearded man, a woll-known comrade of tha noted desperado and poacher Jack Ingle dew, or Black Jack. fta he Was called. ' Why, blessed if Harry Dudley 'ain't jined ub,' cried the inebriated Jakes, who, staggering forwards, clapped his companion on tho back, exclaiming, in thick, guttural accents: ' We'vo had tho ranger here, Harry, boy, swearing about that buck that was killed yesterday. I did'nt. let out 03 it war Black Jack'B doings, though; Jack always squares it with me, Harry, and so he will with you.' ' I'll square with him, Jakes, by putting him in a'holo he won't get out of in a hurry 1' muttered the young keeper, with frowning brow. ' Don'tee meddle with 'an, Harry; lie'B a dead shot, and he's sworn he'll kill tho first man who lays hands on him. He said it of you lad, not half an hour ago in this very bar.' ' Ha ! yon'vo had the ruffian here, then, as I Buspected, and he's now away in Audley Woods, but I'll have him!' cried the young keeper, as with flashing eyeB he made for tho door. The half-drunken crowd, along with the affrighted Jakes,, now endeavoured to keep the excited young man back, but, shaking them off, Harry Dudley was out at-the door, down the road, and flying towards the adja cent woods in a moment of time. ThiB place, Audley Woods and Walk, was a favourite haunt of the deer, being full of coverts and lurking places, and full of leafy holly, the deer's favourite food. The scattered woodlunds and copies abounded in hazel and young beech, and tho fern grew thicker on the slopes and round the hedgerows than in other parts of the deep woods. ? Gaining, after balf-an- hour's sharp walk ing, some high ground, Harry, caBting his eye to'wards an hedgerow, perceived two men walking slowly by the side of it, one, as far as he could distinguish at such a disatnee, carrying a gun. With comptsesed lips and knitted brow the enraged young keeper Btood for a moment glaring at the two poachers, and then without further hesitation darted off in pursuit of tbem. ? Past six o'clock there was only a dim, shadowy light in the woods, and it was with some difficulty Harry kept the two figure in sight, to his chagrin tho poachers pre sently both disappearing through a gap in a tall, thick hedge. Right ahead ho now unhesitatingly rushed, and in a few momenta . w;u -iii .tho gup;' and brushing away the hazels, to his amaze, almost butted against a man who was quietly standing smoking a pipe, with his hands in his pockets. The shrewd young keoper fancied he could detect the device. The fellow so unconcernedly smoking his pipe was screening and covering hiB mate on ahead, and that other man, Harry intuitively felt, was the ruffian he wanted — the deer Btealer who had sworn to take his life— the poacher, Black Jack ! Tho daring young keeper resolved imm6 diaely upon his course. There was a great prize to win, whatever the risk might bo. Brushing past the fellow with the pipe (who grumbled something sullenly), Harry hurried on. Presently, after gaining a sort or stubblo field, ho could discern nothing of the man with the gun, but dashing 'on reck lessly now, for' his blood was up,' he canght Bight at last of. someone creepingalong under a hedge about fifty yards ahead. Aloud mocking laugh now woke. up the stillness of tho scene, and in another moment the creeping figure had started up.. A giant of a man over six feet, with volu minous black beard and whiskers Bhrquding his mahogany-tinted visage, menacingly con fronted the gamekeeper, a gun pointed directly at his head. With a thrill Harry Dudley, ? as the deadly tube waB presented at -him, raiBedhisown rifle tb his shoulder; but', before he could tako aim at his deadly foe, .a' sharp crack' was' fol lowed by a whistling ping over hiB head, -a: streak as of flame passing' across his scalp, whilst his' felt hat whirled away like a wisp of straw. Staggering back with the idea that he was mortally hit, the young keeper was saved from a Bucond discharge by tumbling, into a small hollow. ! ' ' Again now that mocking, ' jeering laugh rang in the air, and then as Harry rose partly on hiB feet, muscular nrmswoun da round his cheat With the strength, and hug' of a grizzly bear. Having made the discovery a second of time before that the. bullet of the murderous poacher had only gra'ed his scalp, he now pre pared in wild, fierce rage for' a struggle to the death with his enemy. Not a word was Bpoken' by tho'infuriatsd antagonists. The Btalwart young keeper knew that he' had to fight for'it or his hour liad come, and in rag«* and desperation her struggled in the' embrace of the bloodthiisty -poaoher, the renowned and merciless Black Jack; A. practised wrestler, Harry held, his ovra hntil hiB' brutal and ferocious antagonist with his heavy-tipped boots kitfked at his legs, slashing tho flesh at ? every lunge as though it had been cut with a reading hook: Not content with this barbarous feat; as both come- to tho ground, !the deer-slayer, with a Bavage howl, fixed his teeth like a bull dogtato tlie neck of tils adversary. : ?- .Sick and faint from loss of blood and tlie' fierce stniggle, Harry had nearly'lost all con Bciouaness, as locked in the other's mad em-' brace, he presently fell with liim'into a deep, daTk' rent oi1 hole in the earth. Giddy and bruised; released' from the deadly grip'of his mad foe, Harry remained for some minntes with- the samo' sort of feeling one has upon ; awakening from a bad drenm. The first thing that roiised him to hiB full senses was the strange qoietudo of his fierce' companion. And now; as -he pushed away from his breast one of thoso murderous huge hands : that had gripped him so tenaciously shortly before, he started up with a cry of horror. I The hand he thrust away had felt very cold ? to his touch.' I Had felt like a hand of- the dead. There as only a faint pale light in the well- ! like cavity, and, Btooping down quite close to the doubled up heap bcBide him, Harry perjeived in. a moment that he waB'alone' with death. ? ? ? I \- Lying in abont position, his face a ghastly blue and purple. Black Jack, the desperado aud poacher,' had been1 stricken suddonly out ' of life. His raoe was run; his murderous attack upon tho young gamekeeper hia last : crime.- i Falling; underneath the body of his youth ful antagonist,- Black Jack had broken his nook — had gone to his account with all' his sins upon his . head and in the attempt- to commit another deed of blooi. ? ? (Tho End.) : . .- 1 