ANTARCTIC EXPEDITION.. A special service of thanksgiving for the safe return of the Southern Cross and the members of the Antarctic Expedition was held in St. David's Cathedral, on Thursday, at 11 a.m. The commander of the expedition, the members of the scientific staff, Captain Jansen, and the officers and crew of the vessel, were present, as well as most of those who took part in the public reception of the previous evening. A special form of service, drawn up by the Bishop of Tasmania, was used. A short address was given by the Dean of Hobart appropriate to the work of the expedition, and the loss of their comrade. The hymns were "Now thank we all our God, "Through all the changing scenes of life,'' "All people that on earth do dwell." The prayers were intoned by the Rev. A. G. Taylor, and were singularly appropriate. Two of them were prayers of special general thanksgiving for the success of the expedition, while the third contained a touching allusion to the death of Lieutenant Hansen, and to his grave in the far South, as follow : - Almighty God, Father of all mercies, we Thine unworthy servants do give Thee most humble and hearty thanks for all Thy goodness and loving kindness to us, and to all men ; particularly to these Thy servants who desire now to offer up their praises and thanksgiving for Thy late mercies vouchsafed to them in their journey to the Southern Regions of the earth. We bless Thee for our creation, preservation, and all the blessings of this life ; but above all, for Thine inestimable love in the redemption of the world by our Lord Jesus Christ; for the means of grace, and for the hope of glory. And, we beseech Thee, give us that due sense of all Thy mercies, that our hearts may be unfeignedly thankful, and that we show forth Thy praise, not only with our lips, but in our lives by giving up ourselves to Thy service, and by walking before Thee in holiness and righteous- ness all our days; through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost be all honour and glory, world without end. Amen. O God of Hosts, whose eyes are everywhere, and to whom winter and summer, ice and snow, frost and cold are ministering spirits, we give Thee thanks that it hath pleased Thee to preserve Thy servants from the perils of their journey and to grant them a safe return. Bless the fruits of their labours, that the knowledge of Thy works bank increased, we may adore Thy heavenly wisdom : Vouchsafe also unto us that Thy truth may so abundantly be established in the hearts and minds of men that the knowledge of Thos may cover the earth as the waters cover the sea, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. O Merciful God, with whom the death of Thy servants is precious : we humbly beseech Thee to sanctify the grave of our brother, who lies far away from the homes of men in the regions of eternal ice, to be a peaceful resting place for his mortal remains and grant, O Lord, that we with all those that are departed this life in Thy true faith and fear, and are fallen asleep in Christ, may attain to the resurrection of the just, and may have the. full portion of perfect bliss and everlasting glory, both in body and soul, in Thy heavenly kingdom, through Him who is the Resurrection and the Life, who died and was buried and rose again for us, and who now liveth and reigneth with Thee and the Holy Ghost, one God, world without end. Amen. THE DEAN'S ADDRESS. The Dean said the present service was only the logical and natural complement of that solemn and impressive service held 16 months before on board the Southern Cross, when with words of prayer and praise, with words of Christian faith and hope, the expedition was sent forth to its arduous and perilous (task. On the retain of the expedition, they were met together in that Cathedral to return humble thanks to Almighty God for His protecting love, and care, and for their safe return. One of the marked features of the early Arctic expeditions, was the direct recognition of Almighty God as an all important factor in the success of the expedition. In Martin FrobiBher's expedition in the early part of the 15th century, to discover the North-West Passage, a certain Master Wolfall accompanied the expedition as chaplain, giving up home, and friends, and a lucrative post for the purpose. After a severe battle with icebergs, during which one of the ships was lost, a landing was effected on the mainland. Here the first act of the members was to join in a celebration of the Holy Communion, at which captain, officers, soldiers, and mariners, partook of the holy mysteries. We could only say, " O si sic omnia" There had been some expeditions unsurpassed for feats of pluck and endurance, and for the successful results obtained, in the records of which there was no recognition whatever of the over-ruling hand of God, or of His signal and providential interven- tion in times of danger and stress: Christians hailed with pleasure the announcement made that the scientific results of the expedition were of great importance. Christianity, as being the religion of Him who made claim to be the Truth-" I am the Way, the Truth, and the Lifesaver- comed the truth from whatever quarter it might come, and claimed it for her own. She had nothing to fear, but everything to gain, from the bringing to light of the truth in every department of knowledge. He held such discovery to be part of that great revelation of God to man, which had been going on through the ages, and in which the Christian Church had so important a task to discharge. We could bid all those who were working in the cause of scientific truth God-speed, sure that study could only act in bringing the student face to face with all that is Divine. Work which was imminent in the universe, the source of all life, of all order, of all the beauty, of all the mysteries of love and wisdom and power to be found in it. The Dean closed by congratulating the members of the expedition on their safe return, and expressing the hope that the scientific results achieved might be much blessed do the glory of God and the benefit of mankind. The Bishop pronounced the benediction. TWOPENCE will buy a packet of Tabs Cigarettes. Wholesale agents, Nettlefold, . Fishing Excursion.- The s.s. Ronnie makes a fishing excursion to whiting and perch bank on Saturday afternoon. OGDEN'S TABS, the marvellous Cigarette, at twopence packet. Sole agent, Nettlefold. 4\. STIMULATING Our A small spoonful of Cadbury's Cocoa, with boiling water or milk will make instantly a stimulating and sustain ing cup of the most delicious, digestible and absolutely pure and nourishing cocoa. TABS CIGARETTES at twopence packet. Sole wholesale agents, Nettlefold. 