THE WHITE LADY. The Berlin correspondent of the "Daily. Telegraph" writes:-We. have not heard of the famous "White Lady" of the Castle at Berlin for a long'time: und a very good, thing 'too, every. loyal Prussian . will .say, for !iier appearance, according to i legend of the Prussian Royal Family, always fore bodes the dealth of some member, of the House of Hohenzollern. A few Aveeks ago", however, a lacquey aitached to the fin periail Courtwas summarily .dismissed for averring that he had seen her! Funnily: enough, a young sub-lieutenant, who hap pened to 'be on duty, declared that he too had seen the dreaded spectre . walking along one of the corridors of 'the castle, and he informed his colonel, who, put him through his facings, and cross-examined him in the most serious and polite manner possible, himself thinking the incident ex tremely uncanny. The upshot of the cross-, examination was that the gallant colonel could get no sa'tisfoetory information or explanation out of his subaltern,' ,so ho ended by believing the story. ..." ?Everybody at court began talking about the reappearance of, the " White Laidy,'' and so the Kaiser got to hear of ft. His Majesty is not a man to let himself .1)6 be fooled, so" he sent for the lieutenant. The terrified subaltern entered the Imperial presence chamber more trembling thaji when he s&w;'tlie ghost; bis ^Majesty, liow ever, took no notice of his quivering lip's, and treated the matter jocularly; at once. The .following interrogatory ensned:-, V Kaiser-What -was the lady like. Was she tall or short? {Lieutenant - She was. tall, your Ma jesty. . 'I; Kaiser-How was she dressed? ? Lieutenant-She wore a white petticoat, your Majesty, with a white bodic?, and she had a white cap on her head-a long white veil Hawing over till. This seemed circumstantial enough, so that the Kaiser begins to think there must be something interesting at the back of th? story. ' . - .'His Majesty continued, after the briefest possible pause - Was she carrying . any thing? ..... Lieutenant-Oh, yes. vbur Majesty. Kaiser-What did she have in Tier right hand? y . .' ' > Lieutenant-'A candlestick. " Kaiser.- And what was in her left hand? , _ Lieutenant-A box of matches. This quite did lor Kaiser Wilhelm,'who?j sense of linmor was immediately tickled. He burst out into roars of laughter,' to the dire astonishment of .the young warrior 'be fore him. . . "'Well, that Will .do," s^id thei Kaiser a! last, k<ndly but firmly. . Don't let me hear anything more about the ./White Lady!' " .Then, with a knowing look, his Majesty dismissed him as follows:-'"And take my advice. Don't peer about in cdi ridors, for you might often- see ladies there at "night attired'in white petticoats. and bodices.'"" 