SHORT 8TOR\\. The Marbles Tripped ibe Lady. L ' Hollo ! What do I see ? Two boys groping in the mud—playing marbles in the road? Hot mv boys, .surely? Not after the lecture I read them yesterday upon the danger— to pedestrians— of street marble playing ? And yet ! — Ho ! . . . Yes ! 1 feel positive they are a couple of my scholars. Daniel Shawley and Harry Toft 1 — and so absorbed in the game that they are unconscious of my near prox mity. ' How, what's to be done ?' queried the master of the Voluntary School. ' Inclina tion bids sne walk the other way, Beeing nothing; but duty says 'Catch the de linquents red-handed.' Dear, dear ! Such a simple-minded game as marbles is ! Bat I have warned the boys against it. I have written it down a capital offence, a public danger, and ? ' Nr. Baplingham sighed deeply. It was a pastime in which he himself — half a century bach — had excelled mightily. It was a pastime — hush ! never let the Vol untary School boys get wind of it — in which Mr. Baplingham, aged sixty, stern, unbending schoolmaster, still indulged, in the yrivnoy of his study. ' Such a fascinating game !' repeated Mr. Eaplinghans, as he strode away to the exeoution of his duty. 'And fifty years ago I waB the veriest culprit. Still' — he straightened li's scholarly back and stiffened his drooping shoulders — 'since I have ordered the game to be numbered with the crimes I must collar the criminals.' It was at an exciting moment that Mr. Baplingham strode to the execution of his duty. Dan Shawley 'had won so per sistently that Harry Tuft was fingering his last marble. With the greatest care —and a moderate amount of luck — the loser realised that he might yet regain the cherished Btore of marbles that jingled in Dan's pocket, and in the boy's face was mirrored all the concentrated judgment he . was bringing into play over this final eh# , Knuckles to ground, marble poired fin ger and thumb, little Tuft gazed anxiously and nervously at the two marbles that, lying at an easy angle and distance from each other, might well be worn in one shot. Mr. Baplingham's eyes took in the situation at a glance as he came up, un noticed. His lipB parted as if to speak, but after remaining in that attitude for a minute they automatically closed again. The interest in the game had Beized him. HiB eyes were devouring the situation greedily. Suddenly he spoke. ? Lower I he eaid, in a voice of tense excitement. 'Knuckles lower, boy. You will never hit it if yen cook your fingers up like that.' The schoolmaster's voice struck the as tonished boys like a swish from a birch. With one aooord they sprang to their feet. But the movement did not detract from Mr. Baplingham's interest in the game. In fact, to the boys' unlimited amazement that gentleman had dropped upon one knee and, picking up the marble that had fallen from young Tuffs paralysed hand, fingered it with the easy confidence of the expert. 'Watch me, boy I' he said. 'Knuckles down like that. Marble easy, so ; thumb strong, but not rigid. Hit the first marble yonder slightly on the side, so as to cannon neatly into the second like — that!' ' Bravo 1' Dan Shawley's ovation swung the school master book to hiB sixty years of age. In the privaoy of his study where, with the marbles confiscated during lessons, the schoolmaster was wont to talk and laugh to himself while he played with an imaginary opponent, there was never any *Mr. Baplingham stood upright, con scious of the indignity of the proceeding. Then he become aware of an approaching vehicle (the Battleys' victoria) and hot blood suffused his cheeks. It the Battleys (Major Battley, the Chief Constable, was a manager of the Voluntary School) had seen mm on one knee playing marbles in the road with ? 1 He walked rapidly onward, conscious that the Battleys' victoria had pulled up in the vicinity of his degradation. Had they seen him f and had they pulled up to question those boys upon the singular spectacle of a schoolmaster kneeling to play marbles with his scholars at the road side? ' If so, I can never ontlive the disgrace!' sighed the bewildered man. 'I shall be obliged to leave the school and, in some far-away town, to seek a livelihood at the age of sixty 1* IL Major Battley was choleric with rage at, next day he hurried into the schoolroom. ' I've said it before, sir, bat without effect. I now repeat it, and lock to you, Mr. Baplingham, to put the order into execution. Marble playing in the public: thoroughfare must cease at once!' ex claimed the Chief Constable. ' I will see to it, Major Battley,' softly spondedthe schoolmaster. The major surveyed the assembled scholars from beneath contracted brows 'I wonder if he spotted us ?' -wipspered Harry Tuft to his neighbour. ' Ho I' replied Dan Shawley. ' Old Replihgham daren't give.us away,' chuckled Tuft. Shut up I' said Dan. ' Old Bap's . ehivoring in his shoes. Doesn't he look miserable. I say, Dan, if—* 'Shut up 1' And Dan gave his friend an effective poke in the ribs. ' It's simply disgraceful,' continued the major, 'that a l&dycannet; step from her carriage ia the public road without trip ping over marbles left about by a set ot young BcsJlywags.' « I trust the lady was not injnred,' Baid Mr. Baplingham, who. would have given a month's salary to know whether his par ticipation in tire game of marbles was sus pected by the major ' Nothing beyond brniBes,' testily re plied the Chief Constable, 'bnt ladies don't (ike tumbling about in the road, and this is the third complaint I've reoeived from ladies who have slipped and fallen over these young monkeys' playthings. This time the victim was one of my own family The lady was getting out of the carriage to pick a hunch of berries at the roadside 1 sne gathered a bunch of braises instead.' He glared across at the shivering boy, and added i ' I'd gite the young ripe who left tire I marblBBs on the footpath a sool licking if [ I could lay hands oh teem. 4hit the little | cowards ran away . when they saw the mis chief they had done, and they haven't the courage to own up sew.' . r ? The schoolmaster released a breath of glad relief. The boys had rnn away; I therefore it was probable 'that his own I chare in the game was unsuspected. He | glanced at Dan Shawley. Would he oon I fees ? I ' I'll birch the first boy the police catch I marble playing in the nnblic highway !' I declared the Chief Constable and strutted I out of school. I Mr. Baplingham - .watched him, and the I ghost of a smile illumined Mb thin lipe and sparkled faintly through his glasses — ' the smile of -danger averted. He was so absorbed that he did not see Dan Shawley slip out through a back classroom, from which bo hastened down a back thorough fare thet slid gently down into the High Street. Then he stopped and gazed anxiously in all directions. But the major was net in eight. 'He can't have got out of sight if he came this way,' commented Dan, 'yet he isn't in sight anyway ; therefore he didn't come this road ; therefore he went across the fields, which is the only other way.' Euclid had not been dunned into Dan Shawley's head for nothing. He turned on his his heel and retracing his steps, dashed past the school and gained the fields. Half a mile distant the majer was quietly pursuing his way towards the Battleys residence, the smoke from a cigar leaving the trail of a miniature ex press train. Dan happed across the stile and started in pursuit. The country was fiat as a pancake and well-nigh naked of vegetation. In the distance clustered a few weather-beaten, partly dismantled hayricks. The footpath passed the ricks; the major followed the winding footpath Dau Shawley struck a bee-line across the sodden fields, hoping to intercept the major near the cluster. Thus it came about that Dsn saw the man concealed behind the largest of the hayricks, while the major remained ignor ant of the fellow's presence. More than that, Dan saw that thy fellow in hiding held a rifle, and, more suggestive still, was taking an occasional sight at the Chief Constable's approaching figure, using a corner of the rick that sheltered him from view as a gun rest. Dan's heart began to bump at the dis covery. The man's motive was obviously to shoot Major Battley as soon as that gallant officer should pressnt a good enough target. Dan's mouth opened to omit a yell of warning ; but it snapped to again without emitting the yell. Then it was that Dan, who could run, began to do it ; and as he ran, his eyes, wild-looking and feverish, twitched to and fro in the lines of sight that respectively covered the chief constable and his wait ing assailant. Twice within the next two minutes Major Battley stood still, obviously hesitating between continuing his present route and returning to the town, and on each occasion the man behind the hay rick took careful aim, while Dan Shawley's throat filled with a ready shout of warning. But the major continued his way, and Dan gained distance at each moment of indecision. The ground was soft after the autumn floods; but for that the man, intent upon his victim, must have heard the flying eteps. Yet he didn't ; and to Dan it was just a question whether the major would pass tte hayrick— and get shot — before he himself could eat within touch of tho shooter. The first of the cluster of hayricks shut the major from the boy's eyes. Dan Bhovellea on the coal of determination until his voice broke in each resounding sobs that only tee intensely absorbing nature of the deed he was about to commit could have prevented them from reaching tee desperado's ears. But the latter was peering intently round the rick, and his ears were only for the major's firm footsteps on the gravel footway. Suddenly, between the ricks, tho major caught a glimpse of the flying schoolboy, and marvelling, stood still. That was the desperado's opportunity. Twenty yards or so separated the shooter and the man to be shot. The desperado ran his eye along the sightless barrel. ' How, my gallant major 1' he muttered, * I've got yer 1 Last year you got me six months' hard for poachin'— with violence. That was your day ; this is ? ' The man with the gun felt something at Ms ankles, and with thoughts of a stray dog, kicked backward with a vigorous foot. Then he tried to turn round and attack his adversary from the front ; but Dan Shawley dragged the second ankle so vigorously from under the man's- body that tee latter fell face forward to tee ground with the hcflpless thwack of a man token unawares. 'Crack !' cried the rifle, for the fellow's baud had been ready on the trigger. . IIL ' If you -please, sir, it was me who was playing marbles in tee road when Mrs. Mrs. Battly fell over yesterday afternoon.' the first glance of his fleeting figure through the hayricks, and come up to him in time to see the hoy's plucky assault upon the poaober (who, self-shot through the arm, nevor attempted to rise) stored at the diminutive lad for a whole minute before he broke into a loud peal of laughter. ' 'What's tbat got to do with this villain Wjhowas evidently waiting to shoot me as I passed?' he asked. 'Ypn'rs a queer little chap.' 'I saw you in school this morning, sir.' ' And I remember that I saw you. If you were tee boy I was asking for, why didn't you speak up and admit your guilt?' 'Because- ? ' Dan's eyes sought the ground, then wandered np the hayrick and down again. ' Because I didn't want to — then, sir.' 'But why not?' persisted the major, possessing himself of the gun and esti mating his prisoner's wound with the cool ness of a man who had seen some rough service. * Why not ?' ' I— I'd rather not tell you, sir.' ' A secret ?' ' If it is, nobody asked m« to keep it,' assarted Dan.' ' Then you won't tell me.' ' I'd rather not, sir.' ' But see how curious yon leave me I' 'I'd take it as a favour, sir, if you wouldn't ask me/ added Dan. * Well,' said the major, ' yon stood con trirttAfl /if havino? fi'hmwn & liuir on hfiT fa ee through your carelessness in rolling marbles about the public thoroughfares, but on' my honour I can't scold you for it, seeing what you've just done for me.' And tee major allowed tee matter to drop, but later on, when the poacher had been secured in tee town hospital, and the majer was turning over tee events of the day, he received a note from Mr. Baplingham, confessing his there in the game of marbles that hod ended so awk wardly for Mrs. Battley. And tee Chief Constable understood. 'Plucky little kid,' he exclaimed; 'he wouldn't give hia schoolmaster away. I must see teat youngster again. He saved my life. If tee incident had happened in front of tee enemy he would have got the V.C. He ought to be a soldier.' To Mr. Baplingham the major wrote : ' Thanks for yonr explanation. Let tee incident drop. I saw nothing — I shall say nothing. . I suffer fron/a boyish weak ness myself —top-spinning on tee quiet' . During the last hundred years there has imen a groat decline in tee art of porce lain manufacture in Qhina. The so-called Imperial manufactory, however, continues to produce 'choice specimens. it is a noteworthy fact that in Utah there is not one Irish Mormon. 