THE STORYTELLER* CHl-CHEE. A COMPLETE SHORT STORY. IFrom the "llustrated Mail," July 21.] -"Chi-Chee iieartee brofcee. 3 '* "I saw you take it, you false-swearing rogue!" "Chi-Chee never robbee peopSe be lovee," replied the Chinaman, with a amile which threatened to sevsr his pigtail- . '"Give me the money, or I'll knock your head off!" shouted his master, threateningly- "Killee, killce, killee Chi-Chee: please killee Chi-Chee. But I never ta.U£n the money!" screamed the yellow man,an piteous accents, falling on his face upon the floor of the kitchen. Mr. Clisson made a. gesture of mingled amusement and disgust, a:id went sway, leaving-• Chi-Chee still kneeling upon the floor waiting for his death-blow. When the yellow man looked up. he scrambled to his feet with a very dejected air, and looked around him. Satisfied that no one was watching, he took off his lift shoe, and pulled three silver coins ont of the toe, smiling in a deprecating sort of way. as he did so. The next- moment a pair of strong hands seized him round the neck, fairly squeezing the breath out of his windpipe. He fell in a heap upon the floor, and looked up at Mr. Clisson in abject terror. But the next moment his presence of mind returned to him. "Foundee money, ilr. Clisson," said he, with one of his most ostentatious smiles. "Get up, you son of a dog," replied his master, giving him a nudge with his foot. "You can take the money as your wages, and go."' Go! Chi-Chee go! Leave a place where he could steal more than he was paid? The idea was more than disconcerting; it had every horror in it. Chi-Chfe was no ordinary Chinaman. Chi-Chee had something which is rare among his people—a temper. True, his use for it was limited and unprofessional; he could not strike nor use abu sive language in his passions, they were too inward. The only indication of his tem per was that he dropped his pigeon-English and yapped eloquently in his native tongue. '•Son of tils Stars, send not thy vile scum of a sen-ant away from this thy Celestial abodi of peace and joy!" he jabbered. "Make me thv door-mat, wipe up the dust of the earth with my unholy and contemptible carcass. But send me not beyong thy threshold. There is no peace for me whereto thou art not." "You go! I've had enough and to spare of your thieving ways," Mr. Clisson replied, in the best- Chinese he could command. "0 Warmth of the !^un," murmured Chi- Chee, "thou canst not ssnd me from thee. Let me live under the -sole of thy exquisite boots, let me curse my grand-parents in the name of thy perfect lady, kt degs uproot the bodies of my father and mother, if I do not love thee more than the Empress- Queen." "That's enough. Do your cursing and body-snatching outside, if it's all the same i you-" "Look how I adore those Sparks of Fire, thy children!" persisted Chi-Chee. "I cannot live beyond the verandah of thy house. This vile scum will die, rot, and be disipatird to the four winds if you turn him away." "Go on," said Mr. Clisson, getting the yellow man between himself and the door, and attempting to hustle him out of the apartment. Chi-Chee fixed a startled gaze at some imaginary object out in the open space at the back of the house, and, while Sir. Clisson was looking out of the window to discover what the object might be, Chi-Chee picked up two spoons off the table and slipped them into his pocket. Tliis piece of strategy accomplished, he sank his head upon his chest, and, dragging his feet wearily after him, slunk out of the house. ' "Mr. Clisson." He looked in the opposite direction, and saw a young Englishman coming towards liim. "Hullo, Brook! Where did you spring ironi'r" "Nowhere in particular but everywhere in general, so far as I can judge. I've been to practically every European in Tientsin this morning, and was coming to see you. The Boxers are up." "They generally are," Mr. Clisson replied, smiling. "If they are not doing one thing, they are planning something else." "But I'm afraid it's serious this time. They've been on an organised march now for some time, and nobody seems to have had any knowledge of the fact. There is no possible doubt that they have the moral support of Pekin, and it only requires a little fighting between them and the Europeans to put the army in their van." "Upon what are they marching?" ''Tientsin, for one objective. And there is little chance of moving out in any direction than to Pekin, and " "That's as dangerous as remaining here, of course. Very sudden uprising, isn't it?" '"No. You see the movement has been in plan for some time; but every step had been kept dark by the authorities as far as possible. It is not until now, when they are practically at our doors, that we are officially waj-ned." "Then the danger is imminent?" Mr. Brook nodcied. " A nugly feature is that the forts at iaku have been heanly garrisoned within theJast feav days," he said. "That-, means that Pckin intends to resist any European which may attempt to mow. to tbe relief of Tientsin, and also to support the mosentcni." I "We can do nothing, I suppose?" "JTothing but wait events, and clean any firearms you may have. If you have more than you can use, you can pass them to those who are short- They'll be wanted, I reckon. I'll look round again if I hear of anjtliing fresh." Mr. Brook went on his way, and Mr. Clisson went into the house, and, seeking his young wife, told her by degrees of the danger that threatened. The day wore on, and nieht began to There was no mistaking the fact that an evil wind was springing up; the truth was to be seen .in tne face of every yellow man who met a European; a look of low, crafty exultation lit up every yellow face. The very air seemed heavy with the sensei of impending danger, as if the slightest incident might set the heavens a-fire. Not many of the two hundred odd Euroneans were to be seen in the streets; the majority preferred'to remain indoors, lest the look of fear, which they could not keep from their faces, should add fear to the troubled hearts of others, and fan the spirit of revolt which was only too apparent in the natives of the town. The night came down, dark, threatening, and sullen. The hush .which crept over Tientsin seemed the stillness that precedes a mightj r crash of thunder. The town was waiting, wondering from which direction the first sign of danger would come. Mr. Clisson got up from the table at which he had been sitting, vainly trying to write, and went to the door. Little parties of whispering natives .lounged in the shadows. A deathly stillness hung over everything. His attention was presently attracted to a group of four tall natives lolling in the shadow of his house; and as he recognised one of the figures it stepped towards him, and grinned as only Chi-Chee knew how to grin. "What are you doing here?" Sir. Clisson enquired, the ghost of a suspicion in his mind. "The evil day has come to this vile dog because you sent him from you," Chi-Chee replied, in his own tongue. "What, evil day?" "When this contemptible and low- born offspring of a wild dog must see his friends and masters, the choice fruit of the earth, whose breath is like the sweetness of flow- •ers, cut down before his very eyes!" "You think so, Chi-Chee?" "Lord of the Earth" and King of the heart of the most noble lady that ever breathed of life, listen," said Chi-Chee. "Take me back into thy service, and I will gladly give mv life to "serve and save thee, should the evil hour arrive. I have been talking with some noble brothers, who will help you. Master of my contemptible body and will, take us, I pray thee, into thy house, and let us lose our lives in serving thee." "I am afraid I cannot accept quite so much responsibility." replied Mr. Clisson, with a scornful smile. "Is that Chi?" said a voice over his shoulder. He turned, and gave a warning glance to his wife. Chi-Chee grinned more broadly than ever ai the beautiful young woman. "Bloom of the liilies. beseech the master to take back again this vile worm, that I may help to serve you when the danger comes," said the yellow man- "Trust a native as you would a viper," whispered Mr. Clisson to ' his wife in French. "Chi is good at heart, I believe," she replied. "Such faith is suicidal at such a tima as this, if acted upon," he returned. "No, I'll not take you in. My fellow-countrymen are coming in their thousands to protect us, and to clear off the face of the earth such things as you, if barm comes to us:" "I think you're unjust to him," Mrs. Caisson said. "What's that?" The crack of a rifle sounded in the distance, in the direction of tbe open country. It was immediately repeated, and the liepetition was taken up sharply by dozens of other rifles. Chi-Chee's grin faded away, and with a sign to his three friends, who stood silently by, he dashed into the hoijse, with them closely following him. Mr. Clisson caught him round the waist and sought to oppose his passage. But it. was in vain. The four natives swept, into the house and closed the entrance door behind them, locking and barring. it' hastily. Mr. Clisson rushed into the front room and picked up one of the three revolvers from the table- "Stop!" cried his wife. "Don't you see that they are here to protect us? Their very presence in this house condemns them in the Boxers' eyes; and this is the sacrifice they are making for us." Sir. Clisson paused to the logic. But in a moment he saw further than she did. "Yes, but if they do their worst with us before the lioxers arrive, they will have nothing to fear." •Light of the Sum" cried Chi-Chee, "we are your watchdogs." Mr. Clisson looked at his wife uneaalv. The possible danger within his house seemed to him worse than the probable danger fi-om without; but it was irremovable now. To turn these men out in the street again was more than he could do, if they had ill-intentions; and if they had not, then for the hope of life and honour let them stav' But he had little faith in Chinese loyaltv and heroism. Meantime, the firing seemed to be going ronnd lo a point of the outskirts of the town further away; but it had slackened, and it. was perfectly manifest, that, the lighting force „ wa» a uuc „ considerable one. selves After a time the floor lour men threw them- Ives upon the floor, close together, and made -pretence to sleep. •Presently Mrs. Clisson crept oat of the room, with a warning glance at her husband, who made an attempt'to resume his writing. A second or tw*> later Chi-Chee woke, and crept out of the room- Mr. Clisson followed him down the passage into the kitchen. "Chi-Chee makee cookee food," said the Chinaman, with his inevitable smile. Mr. Clisson watched him distrustfully for some time, out, being satisfied with the way Chi- C'hee wemt about his occupation, he sought his wife. She was upstairs dressing the two fair-haired children. "We must get to the-Consulate somehow," he said. 'We ought to base gone straight there. We cannot hope to. hold out here if attacked, much less if, aas X suspect, the« beathens have evil designs.". "Very well," she replied quietly. - "I ^iall be ready in ten minutes," "As you come into the room, pick up one of the revolvers," he said. ,"And do not hesitate to use it, if occasion,arises." ' He went down stairs again. Chi-Chee was still. busy in the kitchen, and the other three were still asleep upon the floor, just as he had left them. Mr. Clisson pushed one of the revolvers to a corner of the table, where his wife could pick it up as she entered the rooon, without attracting attention. . Soon she came down, and with the revolver hidden in the folds of her skirt, she sank into a chair, and smiled bravely at her husband, who was occupying himself in 'tying up a few papers and putting them into his pocket. When he had done this, he called Chi- Chee, who came into the room smiling craftily. "We are going to the British Consulate," said Mr. Clisson, whereat the three slumberers awoke, and listened attentively. "If you care to come with your friends, I can promise you protection from the Borers; if not, you can remain here." "You must not go away," replied Chi- Chee, at which the three Chinamen wriggled into sitting postures. "Why not? We shall all. be safe there until our countrymen arrive." * "The dog-faced infidel ,•who.calls Chi- Chee a thief shall not see safety," returned Chi- Chee. The three Chinamen scrambled to their feet, and stood watching Mr. Clisson, who picked up a revolver in each hand. "Clarice," he said, turning, pale but calm, to his Wife, "fetch the children, will you?" He followed her to the door, and stood, with his bad: to it, to prevent her being followed. Chi-Chee made a step towards him, at which he raised his revolver, and unhesitatingly pulled the trigger. It clicked omimoutly, and the yellow faces grinned. Mr. Clisson understood instantly why Cni-Chee had drawn him out of the room; that the others should extract the cartridges from the revolvers- Clisson 'clenched his teeth, and took the revolvers by the' barrels to use them as life-preservers. He struck Chi-Chee, who rushed at him, on the jaw and laid him low. Another rushed at him, and reeled to the floor, groaning, with a crack in his skull. The otner two were waiting to disentangle knives from their belts; and then they rushed at him with the fury of wild Clisson sprang aside, and, as he did so, aimed a heavy blow at the Chinaman nearer him, but the blow glanced off the fellow's head, merely tearing the cartilage of his ear, which only maddened him. By this time Chi-Chee had recovered himself, and Clisson had three desperate savages to face, and he was hampered by the presence of his wife, who ran screaming ; into the room. '"Seize her," said one of the men to Chi- Chee, and the ex-servant at once acted upon the advice. Beating off, with the revolver in his left hand, the blows aimed at hi™, Clisson succeeded in backing towards Chi-Chee, and by an adroit movement, felled him to the floor. But at the same moment, one of his antagonists wounded him in the left arm, rendering it useless. Mrs- Clisscm, freed of Chi-Chee, picked up tween her husband s ri&; and -the neri mo- i ment, with clothing aflame, he had sprung through the window, and gone howling; madly down the street. The lightly- constructed house was also in flames in a moment, and the remaining vellow- faee, paled to sickly white, fled after his flaming brother. "Look out!" cried Mr. Clisson, as Chi- 1 Chee staggered to his feet at her side. "Get out of the house and make for the Consulate! I'll see to the children. Terrified by the flam es, ste-ru^l^e pa ffgeTbut she could not consider the instinct of selfpreservation while she could hear her ; babies crying upstairs- The Clissons' was ome of the few houses ! in Tientsin built with two floors, and in ' circumstances like the'Present the.top.story : was notnmg Out a death- trap, for the flames followed her as she flew upstairs, and bv the time she had hugged the children to 1 her bosom and returned to the little land- I ing, her sight could not penetrate the names and smoke rising up the staircase. | But she went bravely down, a child under each arm, resting upon her hips. At tbe third step from the bottom, the stairs gave way under her; but Mr. Clisson was there to catch her, and he dragged her out into the fresh air, where Mr Brook and two Europeans were standing calling to lawj if tliev could be of any assistance. •A^es. Take them to the Consulate, for the love of Heaven! ' cried Clisson, soorciied -and fault. "111 .folio®- in a anoincni," Hey took her tara.v, and got her to tbe Consulate in safety, with her two children. Clisson dashed back into the flaming house, end fought his way into the sittingroom. "Chi-Chee!" he cried, "where are you?" "O Light of the'Sun, I'm here," replied a weak Voice in Chinese. "0, take mercy on me. and help me away!" ' Clisscm efooped' down and' efttfcehed at the figure at his feet. He caught hold of the smouldering clothes of tbe Chinaman, and dragged ium out into the pawrage He stumbled ' towards toe door, but at the faint/bleedii^iBtifle^'and choking, he sank upon "hia'.^oees, and as he fell Chi-Chee pressed a Jong knife into his master's side, up to the biE, muttering a blessing as he did so. And the next instant the charred remains o.f the. little Jiouae, Jell dg^w^ .^e ^o of them, carting a dond ot gpawes ag into the black night sky. ; 