; By.IZA DU5TUS HARDY, Author of •'MacGilleroy's Millions," "Un* * der the Sword," "A New Othello," "The Girl fie Did Not Marry," "A Woman's Loyalty," "Love in Idleness," 'In the Springtime of Love," &c.;, Ac. {Published by special arrangement "wisi the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XIX. Constance might well look pale and from liter the sleepless night of anguish she had passed. In after days she wondered how ike -had ever borne to live through the dreary hours of that dreadful night of re relation, alone with her wounded and out raged love, her martyred pride—alone with her world broken up around her—alone in darkness and chaos, seeking foothold and finding none on what had been firm and solid ground 'beneath her feet but yester day!;"'She was as one whom great waves lave washed from her hold. As in her dream, she was struggling and'sinking in the 'black waters -that went over her head. There was nothing, no plank to which she could.- (ding, no escape, no shelter from the cruel dnibh-^-hhat her boy had no right to the home he bore, and she herself, she was, had been for the past three years—what? She buried her face and pressed her hands ho' her head as if she felt the red brand . Df shame was on her brow. True, she was innocent, blameless. If the whole sad story ' were published to-morrow, none could con demn 'her; she was only to be compassion ated. ' But to a nature like 'hers, pure as the ermine that dies of a 6tain on its own white ' Bess, and proud as pure, the world's pity smites as Sharply as the sword of its scorn. Even the" «Whing wound of bereavement does not rankle and fester like the poisoned etab of outraged and martyred pride. What would have 'been the anguish of death or loss compared to this! In the bitterness of that smitten pride and love, writhing under the red brand of shame, she had even turned with scathing words upon the man she loved—whose love it ' was that had ' brought her to this pass! . Then, as riie thought of Archie, pictures ipse and flitted before her of the dreodfu. 'possibilities, nay, certainties of the future, if GObert DaHingar could not be persuaded to silehce. The. buzzing of scandal already ncqafWI her, ears, the 'head-lines of large ■ type paragraphs in. the newspapers flared before her eyes—"The Heir to an Earldom arrested for Bigamy!" "The Earl of Conys borough's Grandson and Heir in the Dock!' "Latest Society Scandal!" "Bigamy in High I Life!" 'IThe , Honorable and Bis Two | Wives!"'"The Dis-Honorable Archibald! ' ■ Out. of the confusion, of her bewildered nirid one thing rose clear. She must keep ' Che drhadful secret so long as it was in her power to keep it, even from her nearest and dearest.- -She-must not live on with Arahie but she must not give the true reason oi their reparation. 1 It must not be 'her hand that, brought on him -the disgrace of public arrest,' the" ruiii and destruction of bis \ career. Even though the punishment that threatened' him might 'be .a just one, it must hot be her word that drew the thun deibo'lt down upon his head. To keep the shameful-secret- was truly now the lesser eviL though at the time .when Archie had made 'his tatal "choice of evils," it 'hod been incomparably the greater into whidh he had hurled" himself, and dragged her! • Now there was no course but silence open to her.1. Even to her parents she could not confide the blow that had shattered her life. To reveal her true position and, • cruellest stab of all, her boy's illegitimacy, would break ber father's heart, and in her mother's state of health, would probably b that dear mother's death blow. The Vera hams, the most kindly, atmSiple, gentle, and genial of people, were yet the proudest; no breath of' scandal had ever su..ied th-. snow of their pure, dignified; retired, and blameless lives, and beneath her gentlene s Constance had her full Share of the family 'pride. - As rile must not confide in her parents, it wad not . to the dear' home of her child hood that she could turn for solace now. She ,'eoutd not, could not look into her mother's kindly eyes and keep her terrible secret. Throughout her innocent, happy, peaceful life, she 'had never tall now bad anything to conceal. Through. childhood and giiUhoOd, even through , her married life, she had confided every joy and sor tow," all her few anxieties, to her. mother. But now, the shock of hearing such news might be fatal to that dear mother, .while as to her father, she felt it woulld be easier to die than, to tell him. .Nor could she breathe a word to her yoong sister. Across through thell confusion of 'her mind, filled .with torturing'thoughts, there flashed the remembrance; that, it was . that sister's lover, Kenneth, who stood, if the truth were but known, in her boy's place as next successor to. the Conysborough title after Archie. The thought flashed, and passed, lost in the problem .that perplexed her— what was doe to do and where was she to go? It was plain-enough what riie was not to do; she was-not to betray herself or Archie^ arid to 'her, ..sensitive,, stricken, shrinking, one other thing seemed clear— that the could not stay here—here in t'he home where she had been queen for the past three yeare, a proud and happy wife. Archie had suggested that he should go and she Should stay, but here in the loneiy blighted home of her lost happiness, haunt ed by tine awful contrast of past and pre sent, she frit she could not remain. Nor could riie go to the rectory, with, her secret eating woS-like at her heart; she had not the Spartan courage that Would have en abled her to face the dear ones there, eye to eye, with the cloak tight folded over the hidden wolf—the fatal knowledge buried in her breast. Nor could riie return to Sunny boume to meet the innocent enquiries ot her young sister's affection, to be exposed to • the curious but kindly eyes, the sym pathetic questioning oif her good-natured gossiping aunt. All, everywhere, would be brimming with enquiries as to where was dear Archie, and when was he coming, and if he did not come, when was she going to join Mm, nod was riie ill, and Archie ought to be toJd how iil she was looking, and eo on, and so on, in madden ing chafing of the raw .wound. No, she could not and would not return to Sunnybourne; yet her-heart hungered for her child, the innocent who had wrong ed none—the sinless injured dhild, eo uncon scious of his wrong. Sue was always wel come at Conysborough Park; she and Archie were expected there shortly; but from the very thought ot that place above oil otners she shrank now with shuddering recoil. She felt it would be far easier to throw herself into the river than to wit ness now what it had been one of her greatest pleasures in life to see—the old Earl's pride and delight in his Teat-grand son, -the boy who in a coming generation was to stand in his place, the heir to the family name and piace ana honors. She knew not where to turn; she felt like a hunted animal, trapped in a corner, looking wildly round for some shelter, some escape. She, the netted and prosperous pride of three happy homes (for Lord Couyrijorough always made her feel ' ' future ' ' ' ' ■ that her future kingdom was hers already try right of love if not of law), felo as if She longed only to get away, to hide Her self—felt as if she had no corner wherein to lay her head . Her mind-was dazed- and confused, her brain reeling beneath the shock. She thought wildly, hurriedly, of step after step, . course after course, only to cast them aside. Then at last She remembered her old nurse, "Nanny"—Anne Moloney, who had brought her up and adored her from her birth, and whose greatest grief had been that illness had prevented her from fulfilling her me long hope of. dressing her darling young mistress on her marriage morning, and of being with her later, when her first-born child brought the crowning joy into ner life...'Mrs. Maloney had now retired into well-earned repose in a comfortable cottage in 'tie country, and her greatest pleasure was the sight of her dear nursling and the boy. Constance had once or twice spent a day. or two with her, and knew that there a warm and loving and joyful welcome awaited her always—knew, too, that Nanny would clasp her in her capacious arms with out a question as to what wind had blown such a blessing thither. . Nanny would, take her and the boy to her faithful heart without torturing her by en quiries. In Nanny's cottage at least she need dread no cross- examination; then, too, Graybrook was a long- cross-country jour ney from both Hazelhurst and Sunny bourne. She would be far away from the affectionate and sympathetic questioning the dreaded. Nanny might regard her with loving curiosity and anxious tenderness i but' would quickly accept the cue, ask no [ questions, and simply take it for granted : that everything her dear young mistress did was right. Yes. she would go to Graybrooke to old Nanny, and take 'her child. She need not go to Sunnybourne to fetch him. She could send a telegram to Emma, the nuree, telling her to bring the boy up by a certain train, with things enough for a few days. Aunt Cara and Beryl would take it for granted that she was going to stay;at home with Archie for a time, and think it natural' enough that she should send for boy and nurse—or so she hoped. She would not take the nurse to Gray brooke with her. Emma was a good girl, and an excellent nurse; but she was a gos sip. Constance wanted no babblers near her now. And she would be in no need of Emma's services when once she was with Nanny. Dear old Nanny would look after her and the boy. She could give Emma a little holiday for the present, until she had time to form some plans for the future. Meanwhile, the idea of going to Gray brooke having once seized upon her, it seemed to her the only possible course. She acted upon it and carried it out, in reality unreflectingly,s though with appa rent deliberation, heri brain being, indeed, too confused by the shock of the disclosure for her to fully consider the risks and diffi culties she was unconsciously entailing on herself and Archie by her hasty flight. She telegraphed to Sunnybourne early in the morning, giving her instructions to Emma to bring the boy up by the after noon express. She packed her travel'ing bag and a trunk which could be dispatched after her, in the event of her sending for it, ao her plans were as yet uncertain and confused; she left the house and spent the hours until the train bringing the nurse and boy should be due, in wandering about, 'celing like a lost and lonely ghost revisit ing its old haunts, and resting in the tea rooms provided for the rest and refresh ment of weary womankind. [To be continued from day to day till finished.] 