EERIE GHOST LEGENDS. Near tho Forton Barracks, Gosport, tbo hend* quarters of the Itoy&l; Marino Light Iufantry* lies an interesting memento of the old French War,a ivalled-iD space where lie buried countless prisoners who died during ciptivity. Most of the graven ore nameless mounds, bat there are three headstones. The inscription* upon these are nearly undecipherable ; cue hears the name of Eugene —«— (the remainder cauuot be read). Tbi« «pot is Hucred, no one ever entern it ; but alougside, in a smaller wolled apace, conrictn wor© buried, end this ii ulilieed as a practico ground for buglers, lor hero is the most out-of vray corner obtainable for practice, aud dik bolical are the noises that the learners make. A hundred years is a loug time ; it is interest ing, therefore, to note the respect still paid to the craven of brave Frenchmen in a place where space in very valuable. All sorts of legends crowd around this lont-ly spot. It is, of course, haunted ; and in tho old days, no sentry there would kee-p at his post at midnight. I'lotfgiug us a preventive of the terror was useless, and eventually the sentries had to be doubled. Nowudays the ghost is seldom seen, and even when it appears no two account* agree us to what its Form may be. Its latestautbcuticated appearance won at the time of the last feniau scare, about fifteen years ago, when a guard was established to look after the magazine bard by, and the sentries bad orders to shoot any one who did not bait at the chal lenge. It was on a winter evening, deep enow upon the ground, and uU bud gone well till after niid»ight. Tbon suddenly, there came a sentry's chullenge, und almost immediately a report of a rifir, followed shortly by another. The guard turned out, racing hither aud thither iu the snow, raising a hue and cry llrst in this direc tion, then iu that. At last things settled down, aud when tbc captain of the guard iurestigatsd tho 'natter, be learned from the heutry that a largo black M Thing had jumped over the graveyard wall aud ruu at him ob all fours vrheu he ch≪^ged. Ho fired, whereupon the M Thing " rose to its feot, *ud running sometimes ou »11 fours, sometimes up right, rushed towards the creek followed by the sentry and the guard. Arrived at tbo creek it pluuged iu, breakiog tbt) ice, aud though the pursuers waited long notbiug was ever seen of it agaiu. The captaiu, but bulf believing tbo story, yet tbinkiug that soma attempt may havo beeu made, wont and looked for traces of tho footstep*, which wore visible enough iu the uioouligLt. And now comes the extraordinary part of the story. For twenty yurda there would be a nun's fo&t; pilots, theu, for a *pseo, those of a Urge, animal ; sometime* the one, sometimes tho other, but never tho two together ! Thus tho Forton mystery. Tho ice w*s broken and theoteek dragged the uext day, but nothing wis o*er found. No satisfactory solu tion has erer been diecoTored, for tho fool prints began 'suddenly in the ocntre of tho old buriul ground, ami led thence to the migezmc, some times man and sometimes beast, until they ended on tho sh&ro; of the creek. There are other ghost stories banging around this spot, but they are mostly gruesome and horrible, rather than interesting. One, how eTer, iu worthy of mention since it has a path etic tenderness about it, not usual iu tho ghost story, though it in only renumbered nowadays by " live badgers " after the second gallon. Once, long ago, tbe two sentries woro surprised to see a wutuau coming toward them in the twilight, It Ktemed early for a ghost, and wLile they still pondered and hesitated she camn up to them and snid .something in a foreign tongue. iSpunish, they took it to be. They tried to explaiu thai they did uot speak her language, but she only smiled sweetly and sadly, aud walked on. Thoy lost her in tho gloaming, but presently as thoy argued whether or u« she were a ghost, one of them, the bolder of tho two, peeped over tho wall into tho burial grouud,aad saw her standing over one of ti e graves. And beside her stood a French oflicer in uuiform,so near that they could see his face, aud they saw him kiss tbo woman as she cumo to him, uud they hourd him speaking words of love. Thereupon, the other Beutry, who was not a Hontiuiuital mnn, pluckcd up courage, and looking over the wall, tot), shouted out some coarse joke; and with the shouting both the officer and the lady vanished. Thereupon ho fired, and both of them mu for it, mooting the guard before thoy had goue many Ptep3, and theaor^emit of the guttrd, com ing bnck with them, looked over the wall too. No one was visible, but on ouu of tho graves were some tall white iloweis that bad not been there before. They riurcd not jjo nearer then ; but in the daylight they went to look closer ; the flowers had v&uisbtd; ; and all tbut they ever found was a soiled piece of paper on which was written, M Jusqu' a la morte—-ot npres." However, ghosts are never seen nowadays ; and they say that the buglers and the vioiouH rattle of the Maxim have driven them away. 