[?] A MIDNI&HT; ABVEIWURE. [By Paul Twyford.] '; The psychological moment had arrived. I was confronted by an apparition — a com mon, ordinary prosaic ghost ! Of that I bad both ocular and auricular demonstra tion — the Thing stood in the middle of the road and blocked iny way. I had always been sceptical as to ghosts, spiritual warn ings, and suoh like portents ; but here was I face to face with a filmy-like substance which stood out in bold relief between me and the bright face of the moon, which was jusfc then rising over the low ridge which backs the road along to the ferry. I was a . bit staggered I confess, but I had but a few minutes before left a merry company and felt quite comfortable, though by no means fou for the tipple was local wine which had the reputation of being ' a good „ ;tomov and quite harmless,' Be thafi as ill may, it had in a measure fortified me, and I treated my unsubstantial looking friend with considerable sang froid. I was smok ing an excellent cigar at the time and had another one in my case ; this I offered to the ghost, seeing that it made no movement out of the way. The Thing chackled, though I detected no smile on its uncanny mug, and a peculiar cackling voice, seeming to rise from the earth, addressed me thus : 1 Git out ! How th' deuce can I soaoke ? Why th' bloomin' smoke 'ud go out o' th' back o' me 'ead. Hah ! hah ! hah ! 1 Ho ! ho ! ho ! 1 ! Well I'm jiggered ! asking a sperrit like me to smoke.' 'I beg pardon, I'm sure,' I replied. 'I really meant no offence — but perhaps you have a little too much fire and smoke down . ? Now, stow it, me covey, and don't as imperent questions — an' you needn't point , down below, neither, for I ain't ter be drawed, not if I knows it. We ain't al lowed to blab about what goes on in ? hem ah ! in sperrit land.' 1 Just so. I won't transgress then, but if you'd only try the weed you'd find it a good one, and it would, I am sure, prove soothing to your troubled soul.' ? He, he, he ! ' TLq Thing heckled out. ' i'vwcti, eh ? We ain't got none ; we're on'y a finer sort o' matter — -too fine for ycr common fellers to handle. Anyhow, I'll try the smoke — it smells uncommon good. Just 'blige me by lightin' one end— though it wouldn't much matter if yer lighted both. Ah, ah, ah !' ' I suppose not ... . Here you are ! pull away and don't swallow the smoke, or it 'ill set you coughing, and that might wake people up.'. Close by stood a two-storeyed white house, which, I had been told, hacl, been built by the original owner of the land upon which it stood. ' Me cough ! no blindin' fear ! I havn't coughed for over 'arf a century — not since I went — but there, that's tellins, an' you're only a man.1 When I handed the ? smoke ' to the Thing I expected its fingers to come in contact with mine, but I felt nothing substantial — only an icy cold feeling, as if the ther mometer had suddenly gone down degrees below freezing point. The Thing stuck the cigar between its lips and lo ! the smoke issued vigorously from ears, eyes, nostrils, and mouth, and also the back of its head, which was curious, and I moved round in order to get a look at it. But discovering my intention, the Thing glided swiftly to the right-about, all the while puffing like a furnace. Not wishing to offend again I hesitated a while as to the nature of the questions I should put, for I was bent upon psychological discovery. ' Well,' I ventured, ' Dy'e want to hear the news — how the war goes, or how Feder ation is likely to pan out. . .' ? Damn federation, also the war ; and as for noos, why, we knows all as goes on, up here.' ? Indeed ! that is news. Well, since our ' news of the day' is not to your liking, perhaps you'll tell me something of down . . .' ' No you don't ! I told yer that mere humans ain't trusted. Some day you'll find out yerself.' ? You mistake me — I wasn't going to ask impertinent questions about h ? .' 1 Hush !' — and the Thing seemed to glare at me, and sent out eight enormous jeta of smoke — which, to tell the truth, had some thing more than the smell of good nicotine about it ; it was, in fact, quite sulphurous. ? Hang it ! you might listen. 1 was going to ask who you were in the old days — something of your personal history, and whether there is anything I could do for you in your trouble ?' ' Trouble — how do you know I'm in trouble?' 4 Well, when ghosts walk they're supposed to have good reasons. Of course to have done the thing properly — in the legitimate stage style — 1 should have ap proached you with * Whence cometh Thou? Beest thou spirit or goblin damned — ' ' Vast 'eavin,' matey. None o' that there spoke-shave bizziness — 'twon't wash. I'm only a poor ' absent-minded beggar' as ain't got no friends, an' just come up to cool a bit, for it is ? ' ? What ?' ' Nothin' .* . . I ain't havin1 any Spoke-shave, nor N003, an' I ain't a goin' to be drawed.' ? Of course not ; yet I'll swear you have a little game on hand. . You see I'm not in the least scared ; and you may as well be friendly. Come, now, be confidential, and you'll find that I can keep a secret.' ? Well, you don't seem a bad sort, as men go — for the beggars, they all run away when they see me— leastways, they don't wait to see ? ie but hook it as soon as my chain rattliis. . . ' ?Chain 1' ; 4 Yas, chain — an' thereby hangs my tale.' 4 Let's have it, then. I have heard of the j chain, and I now consider myself honoured in being, permitted to see your shape and form and hear your pleasing voice, . . . What fools others must have been not to have stood their ground.' ' Yes, blamed fools ; becos we can't hurt 'em. Anyhow, you seem ri- buck— an' by an'-bye, when you come below we'll put yer in a good seat.' 1 Not too hot a one, I hope ?' ' No, no ; we can stand it pretty warm ; I'm gettin' cold now, in fact, an' must soon scoot below again.' ? Not yet awhile, surely. It's early yet, and when the cigar's done I've pome cigarettes.1 'Cigarettes be-smoked ! Not by me, thankee. D'ye think Bill Portland 'ud smoke a bit o' paper ?' ' Of course not — certainly not. And so your name was William Portland ?' ' Not William, but Bill — 'cos, see, I corned from down Portland way in Eng land — the ?' Bill o' Portland,' ye know.' . ? Yes, I've seen it. But explain how you come to be Bill Portland, and this Lower Portland ?' 8 That's easy. This land 'ere was all mine once ; an' afore I was murdered the coves all called it Portland.' ' Murdered, eh ? How was that — tell me.' ? Well, yer see, I was a lifer ; an' I was innercent.' ' Of course you were — most of 'em were, weren't they ?' 1 Now none o' yer gibin' and' sneerin' ; I was innercenfc, I say ; but it warn't con venient for some big blokes in England that I should stay there. . . But I can't tell ye all of it, because even a con vict's ghost has a conscience, an' I don't want ter cause troublo. Portland's me name, anyhow, an' the dook as I took me name from was me friend. . .' ' Your father, you mean ?' 1 Maybe, an' may not. How's anybody to know for certain ?' ? How, indeed ! Then this point and reach wasn't called after the old Duke of Portland ?— though I have always under stood that it was. . .' ' Not a bit of it ; 'twas called arter me — the Duke's . . . but never mind that — you see it was Streakem's doin's.' ' Who was Streakem ?' ' Be easy, now ; don't interrupt, else I'll shut up close like a hoyster.' ' All right, fire away — I'm an oyster.' . . ? I ' You see I stood very well with old |-i Bligh — 'avin' been his coxswain at sea — \ an1 he gives me a free parding, and all the . ; land about 'ere — -of course, I earned it ? j ail right — though what I did for the old Oap'en I ain't agoin' ter tell. | Well, Biigh gets th' kick, an' th' sojer ! ossifers — an' a rascally lot they wuz — gets ; on th' dunghill an' crows a lot; and upsets | everything Bligh had done ; an1 among other things, he gives my land to a felled: named — well, I won't — we called 'im ? ? ' Snout,' because he had a long nose. . Captain ' Snout,' then, takes persession, i an' puts on a bloke named — well, we called ' 'im Streakem, because he was a dab ? and at ,' streakin' the bodies o1 th' pore devils o' [ pris'ners. But I warn'fc one, an' I hangs j on to me bit of a hut ontil I 'ears Streakem ; 'as made it up wi' Joggles, 'is assistant-— j who'd been a Corpral in 'is regiment — to j murder me at night. So I clears over th1 \ river — swims over one dark night, an' J young Brown as lived just over there — see i that hut, it's tb' same old hut — takes me in i an' hides me. Brown was a smart young cove in them days, an' had just got hia j grant from th' King 'is self, an' th' tykes aa ! hounded Bligh out daren't touch it.' j ' You say ' young' Brown ; why there's a \ young Brown over in the corner now — and a rare good fellow he is — one Joe . . .' ' No, stoopid I Why that chap warn't 1 borned — nor his father neither. Twor his grandfather as took me in an' hid me for months and months. An' then they found me,* out; an' one night a boat's crew o1 pris'ners an' a lot o1 sojers comes over an' i took me — tho' not till two of 'em was killed , for I fought like fury — an' so did me friend J Brown — an' they tried to bring an indict- J ment agin 'im for murder — as they did me ' — but the sojer ossifers in Sydney wor afeared to go on wi' it, an' so Brown waff j left in peace — though Streakem allus hacl i his eye on that bit o' land in the corner. As for poor me, after knocking a hole in ?] the back of me 'ead they chained me down j to a big stone in th' guard-house, as stood ! just where these ruins are now, an' there I j eat me 'eart out— for when Macquarie corned ; out th1 wretches made out as I was a mur- i derin' villun, an' he conferred the grant ; upon Snout, whose heirs held it until a man up the Hunter got it.' ' ' ' And so it was old ? Fisherman Brown' j that stood your friend ?' ? 1 It wor ; only he wor a young chap then, \ an' had been a sojer, I think, though he j never told me so 'iaself. . . .' ' But — J h-s-h ! What o' that ? The cock, by ? j I'm off. . . .' 1 1 No stay ; you have an hour or two yet,' I j cried. The ghost stood in the road as if listen- \ ing, and the wretched old rooster (who had ; been dreaming, probably) crowed again, \ and lo ! my friendly ghost faded before my i eyes. Where it had gone is impossible for ' me to say ; but the ?' trap' scene had been so sudden that I rubbed my eyes to see if I ! was awake, and felt myself all over to feel j whether I was still in the flesh. : The moon was now a good height in the : heavens and I made tracks for my camp ; . and in crossing over the spot where Bill's I ghost had stood I saw the still smoking end of a cigar. It had been smoked to a mere STUMP AND WAS STILL ALIGHT. I h&V6; that cigar ! stump by me yet to prove to the sceptical that the rattling of cbain3 at night at the old ruiu by the road side was not merely \ imagination— no more than was the mid night interview I bad some few weeks ego \ with the ghost of the original owner of j Everiugham's Poirjt, Lower Portland, j ?-'?' .??????* 