A MAN'S VOICE. CHAPTEK XL— Continued. v';Hestpi' crossed the room again to ?where the prisoner, Erie, stood. He ,said;: 'He'll be alone. The.-clerk. ?leaves at six. There's no one on the ./same .. floor.' Agjain she must have Rvmkp'ri. ??? E ?' ? ' ' '? ???': ?'? : - ? ? . 'He replied: 'If I'm seen going ''? 5 or coming, they won't know it for me. I'll: look out for that. Where docs ; old Grey sleep ? ' She answered, and ' he repeated' : ' On the ground floor, ; and sleeps lightly — old men often do ,.-? — old- foxes like him always. I'll go the way I came, then ; it will be 'safest.' She asked a question, judg ing by his next words : ' Yes, I've destroyed the telegram, but it tells no tales.' Then I heard the window open again, aud in a . minute it was shut once more. Hester went to the door, opened it, paused a moment, and went out.' There was a minute of absolute silence in court. ; Everyone waited with breathless .. interest for what was about to follow. It was startling in the extreme. The magistrate's next question was— '' You are positive that the man who spoke was the prisoner Erie ? ' Without an instant's hesitation, . Valene answered — ' Quite positive. The next time I heard his voice was at the theatre, a few weeks ago — and I knew it at . once.' ' ' {To what telegram did the prisoner Erie refer to when you heard him speaking to the other prisoner in what was believed to be your deathcham '?? ber ? ' 'I could not, of course, know at the time. When Mr. Esmond came up I did not know who it was — I had never seen him. He did not speak at all. . / '.' I felt that it was someone strange tome. I had never heard of Mr. Lin wood Erie or of Mr. Esmond. I knew nothing of my uncle'3 business tran sactions. ' Afterwards, reading the evidence of the inquest, I pieced things to gether. Mr. Esmond there stated that he went to The Glen with fifteen thousand pounds in notes, which he owed to my uncle. ' My uncle asked him to pay the money at the office the next day, and Mr. Esmond said he could not be until after banking hours. ' My undo said he would put the notes in the safe, but afterwards changed his mind, and Mr. Esmond . paid the money before he left The ? Glen that night. ' Hester must have listened to what passed between my uncle and Mr. Es mond up to a certain point, and then gone and telegraphed for the prisoner Erie, not knowing that the notes were, after all, given to my uncle at The Glen ; and supposing that they would be put in the safe, at the office in Old Change next day.' ' But,' said the magistrate, ' they were, presumably, jdaced by Mr. Grey in the .safe the day after he received ' No,' said the witness quietly, arid ? the simple monosyllable startled her auditors as if it had been a bolt from ,the blue. 'They were under the prisoners' hands — if they had only known- it. The notes were in my coffin'! ' There was a general gasp of sheer amazement. Linwood Erie clenched his hands till the 'nails met in the flesh. Could there be a more horrible irony of Fate, that he should stand here — a murderer — when the money, for which he risked everything, was actually under his. hand? _ Hester might almost have touched it, as she robbed the supposed dead girl of the dagger which was to take her uncle's life. That the murderer was a vain crime, Linwood Erie, and he alone, had known from the hour in which it was'committed ; but how should he dream that the money lay in the very room in which he had planned murder to gain'it— that the moving of a drop ' ery .would have made him a rich man, and saved him the peril and the guilt of bloodshed ! O.thers could -see, even if he; could not, the elen'ionii of comedy there was' \- iu this grim tragedy. Nemesis took the trappings of the comic . muse in the undoing of the murderers ; for surely — were not the tragedy so terrible — one might laugh ' to ' think of the hopeless fiasco, the elaborate : planning of the blackest of crimes, the sending — on Hester's pint — for Linwbod Erie, the plot hatched in the death chamber, and then the ;murder, the lock-picking of an empty safe; and all — all to be baffled and undone; and the stretching out of a hand would have secured the booty for which, only a few hours afterwards, a useless murder was committed. If over poetic justice fell upon offenders, it fell upon these two crim inals. 'Do you moan,' said the magi's ' trato, after a pause — lie was as much amazed as the rest — ' that Mr. Grey placed the notes in your coffin '? ' ' Yes, your worship. It was, as far as I could judge, about eleven o'clock that night that he came up to the room very stealthily. Ho came to the bier, and stood a little while, and: then lie quickly, and with his .hands trembling, put the notes under . some of the draperies about me, pin ning them to me — they wore in a little bag — and then lie smoothed all that he had disturbed down again, Und went from the room. ' When I was taken out of the coffin, ? the bag was still pinned to the loose sort of robe I had on. I think my uncle meant to take the ninney into town next morning, for he came up again — it was about half-past eight — 'and approached me, but did not come quite near. I heard him breathing hard. I suppose he, some how, felt afraid. At any rate, he went away without attempting to take the notes.' She bent her head ; for the first time the tears filled her eyes at the thought of the poor old man going to his awful death, and she, who. could have saved him, was powerless ; the agony of those moments was with her again, when it seemed as if her anguish of impotence, her mad long ing for power to utter but a sound — a cry — a moan — must have burst the bonds that held her. But she quickly mastered herself, and, declining the magistrate's offer to let her rest for a little while, con tinued her enthralling evidence. Hester Craddock did not sleep in the house, she said. She left about eight o'clock. ' I suppose,' Valerie said, ' she had a duplicate key. I don't know how she got into the house again. Jane Evans was faithful. She would not let the woman in without author isation.' Then the witness passed on to ex plain her resolve to find the murderer, to whom she had these two clues — his voice, and his evident acquaintance with Barton Grey's office and business habits. ' I thought it more than likely,' she said, ' that Allen Darnford and Linwood Erie were one. I associated myself with Mrs. Stapleton, in order to get at the strong-box which had belonged to my uncle, in which were letters from Darnford. I allowed the prisoner, Erie, to believe I encouraged his attentions to me. I thought he probably still had the dagger in his possession. I conkl only find this out by going to his chambers.' She described her first visit to the chambers in Grafton-street. ' I obtained letters from the pris oner, and submitted them, with Darn ford's, to two different experts. Their reports confirmed my own impressions. At last I led up to a request from, Erie to sup with him at his chambers.' I knew, that he wished to place me in an equivocal position, so that I could not refuse to marry him. I arranged with Mr. Esmond to come the same night. ' The prisoner would be only too pleased that Mr. Esmond should see me in such a place at so late ah hour.. Our object was' to drug the prisoner, so that we could search the cabinet. When Mr. Esmond came I pretended to be alarmed for my reputation, and hid behind theportierre. Mr. Esmond succeeded in drugging the prisoner's wine, and we took his keys and opened the cabinet. The Italian dagger we found lying in one of the drawers.' . l'Vom the first to last, Valerie's evi dence had been listened to with /an ever-deepening interest — an interest so profound as to be in itself a strain on the witness — and, an absolute con viction of the truth of ; all. that was said. Even the minuteness of her memory as to every word spoken 911 that mem orable night excited no wonder. ?? Surely nothing spoken, nothing done, under circumstances fo ? xm parallelled would escape the tortured brain upon which they were impressed, even after the lapse of many years — and, as it was, little more than two years had elapsed. The witness, too, probably wrote everything down within a few' days after the events connected with the mystery of Barton Grey's death. Here, then, was evidence damning enough — evidence from which there seemed — for the chief criminal, at any rate — no possible escape. What account could he give of the possession of the weapon ? And many people recalled the evi dence at the inquest, which showed that the wound which killed Barton Grey was of a peculiar character, not to be assigned to any weapon now known. The last hope died down within Linwook Erie as he heard' his con demnation from the woman who had fooled and destroyed him, an'd he knew that, if a link were wanting in the chain which bound him, Hester Craddock would forge it, sooner than pay the penalty of her share in his crime. Certainly, there was no reason, either in his ethics or in hers, why she should suffer for him. A deep murmur of sympathy and admiration followed Valerie as she re turned to her place in the body of the court. There was an attempt among some of the, more unthinking at applause ; but it wasMiushed' down as unseemly, in such a case as this ; for the witness was' one who' had literally tasted the bitterness of death, and had come back from tho grave for justice and ven geance on her uncle's murderer. 1 Lorenz Esmond was next called, and deposed to having noticed the dagi-er on tho night on which ho paid Barton Grey the fifteen thousand pounds. Tho old man asked him to go up to the death-chamber ; ho remarked the spillo as peculiar ; ho had seen ninny old-time cuiios of this sort, but never one quite liko the jowelled dagger now iu court. Ho swore to it most positively. Ho saw it again in the prisoner Erie's room, and immediately recog nised it as the one he had seen in Cecil Geldart's coffin. There was a dark stain upon the blade ; he should say of blood. ? : He had not seen all the blade bo fore — only a little piece of it. Valerie Geldart, recalled, said there was no stain of any kind on the blade, of the dagger when in her possession at the time of her supposed death. ' Tho magistrate, at the conclusion of this evidence, asked if there was any more to be given to-day. 'No, your worship,' Sergeant Moore replied ; ' but we shall have further evidence to offer at tho next hearing.' So the case was remanded for a week, ' and tho prisoners were led away, and the crowd poured out into the street, talking over all they had heard, and eager for a sight of the principal witnesses. Buby Stapleton felt little flattered by Valerie's evidence of her motives of entering upon the South Kensing menage ; but besides the little lady's horror of Linwood Erie's crime, and thankfulness at her escape from him, she reflected that Valerie, after all, only dealt with her own in searching the strong-box ; and also there was no sense in quarrelling with a woman' who had plenty of money and would, presently, be mistress of Esmond Roy al, and a celebrity of no mean order to boot. So Mrs. Stapleton went np to Val erie with no sign of ill-will, but, in deed, with effusion, and would have offered the girl a seat in her carriage, in which she had come with a friend ; but Valerie had one of her own, hav ing come with Esmond, and now re: turned with him, escaping, by permis sion through the magistrate's en trance. ..? ...... The carriage swept out into\ Picca dilly, and was driven quickly to South Kensington, Valerie sitting, as in the drive some hours, earlier, with her hand locked in Esmond's, and little was said by either of them till they reached Eglantine. . Valerie was beginning to feel -the: reaction of the long strain and the or- , deal of to-day, and there could be little real rest for her until all was over. , ' But mow,' she said, when, a little anxiously, he; said something of. this, ' I have you, Lorenz. I can be with you — and you don't know—yes,r I think you must know, how that helps me.. To be with you makes .me feel strong for anything, gives me rest when the trial of strength -is over.'1 And he stooped and kissed the sweet tremulous lips. Yes, he knew that he gave her strength and rest. How should he fail- to know, since she loved him as he loved her ? CHAPTER XLI. There was little else talked of dur ing that .week but the extraordinary murder case, in which the murder it self was the matter of least interest ; and when it came on again, the throng which tried to gain admittance would have filled three times the space as many times over. There was counsel on both sides now ; but Linwood Erie's shook his head over his client's case. It was absolutely a hopeless one. , There lyas really no defence, and 110 chance of a ' mitigation of punish ment. Among the witnesses in court to day was Jane Evans. There had riot been any need to ad vertise for her. She had seen, the account of the first proceedings in the paper, and from a situation in Brixton, had gone straight to Eglantine, where she fairly hugged her 'dear Miss Cecil,' sobbing with joy. ' And, oh, miss,' she said, when she had at last grown a little calmer, ' let me come into your service, miss. I couidn't serve no one else now I know you're alive, miss. It don't seem at it can be true : I'm nigh mad with joy, miss — that I am ! ' and the faithful creature broke out sobbing again, and was made sublimely happy by Valerie's promise to engage her, indemnifying the mistress who would lose her services. Neither Sir Robert nor Basil Erie had had any communication with Lin wood since the charge against him. The old man had engaged solicitor and counsel for his son and Hester, and both of these legal persons had assured the dumb woman that there was not evidence sufficient to convict her, whatever the moral truth might be ; Sir Robert being, indeed, in a state of supreme terror lest Hester should repeat what she had told him, and which, in his heart, he knew to bo true. ' : . ? ? Both Valerie ane Esmond had al ready suspected her relationship to Linwood, from mere force of deduc ?tion. : Some tie there must be between the two for her to send for Linwood when she thought there was a chance of securing a fortune ; and the usual connection that existed in such : cases was, in this, an absurdity to think, of. And others, now that the case was public property, began to suspect the ?same thing, so that thero was a good deal of gossip about Hester Craddock's possiblo relationship to her fellow prisoner and to tho immaculate Sir Robert Erie. Little thought the self-righteous old man that the ghost of the past he believed so well and safely laid would ever rise up against him ! Livid and haggard-eyed, Linwrod Erie stood once more in the dock, and heard the evidence that doomed him. (To be Continued). 