' *~-T,ORY. %o Old Lews, aiBAWJ eat and looked at her jelftothe glass, as aha'tad beau looking JaW-hour. It was not often yist flhehad time to study her own re fleotion, but since old Michael, her father, died last week the wheals of the clock wmed to have stopped. After a littie Wiuie _Jane andMary would resume their «i :fU!rlS(?'io?s Just now it seemed as if the dead old man yet lav in his room up-efcftire, and if there would be an in rff®.ncy'P doing any work beyond that Of tte living U yiDg t5lfl immediate wants Jajie sighed aloud as she contemplated the fair faded face in the greenish- coloured gjaas, and her sigh floated out on the ghostly air of the old house. It seemed to iter for a moment aa if someone else-the ghost of her youth, perhaps-had sighed Juwiswer in the room, and she shivered a little and looked nervously over her shoul der. But the woman in the glass drew her back, and she leant again to look into the finort-sighted eyes. . Porly-five years of ago, two months, and five days,' sho said to her. «Whv, vou axe an old woman I' j The face in the glass looked back at her, shocked and almost startled. She could see that face rosy and white as she remembered it, and hung about with golden ringlets in the modest shado Of a white cottage bonnet. That was how she had looked on Kitty's wedding day, and as she, had gone ? down-stairs alio had j met Willie Maturin'coming up, and ho had kissed her, whispering ta her that she ' , would be the next bride, and a fairer and j sweeter even than that morning's sun ' shone upon. Years and years ago, and Jane shud dered to think of the difference bstween tlioBe two faces. She felt just as young as the girl of those days, though she had learnt an indefinite patience. She was as ready to tremble and drop lier eyelids and blush when Willie Maturin entered i the room as in the first rapturous days long ago, and they were now an old un married Darby and Joan, the laugh of the . less compassionate country-side. ;She covered her eyes with her hands, and her heart ached in the darkness to think it had i kept so young while her pretty face had grown old. 1 It was still a sweet and comely face,; though its owner only Baw in it the rav ages of time. The rose and white had I been overspread by an autumtial yellow, the rosy lips were pale, and the golden ringlets were streaked with silver. Still | ahe was good to look upon, and a comfort ing thought came to her there behind those hidden eyes that Willie found no lack in her. She was quite sure that her face i was still to ium the beautiful girlish face of a quarter of a century ago. Alas! that was the pity of it. They were old lovers like an old husband and wife, and yet they were unmarried. j Perhaps now, surely now, ran the (woman s agitated thoughts, they were go lag to be fully happy. It was she who had said, twenty-five years ago, that, so long &b; Willie was true to her, she did not need marriage to make her happy. It was she who to-day panted with a thirst long unslacked to bear his name and wear his riiw. The joys that came to other men and wamen who married in right season were not for them, but there yet remained the supreme happiness of belonging to each other before all the world, as they had be longed to each other in heart since their eyet had first met. With her father s death the obstacle to their marriage had been removed. When poor Kitty's marriage with George Maturin, -Willie's;elder brother, had turned out GO miserably, and the wife of a year lay dead, with the moral guilt of her death at her husband's door, old Michael had sworn an oath that so long as he lived no ! other child of his should marry a Maturin. He had lived, perhaps, to repent it. i Jane had often thought that she detected a look in her fathers sunken eyes as he j watched her and Willie playing their game of cribbage of an evening-a look curiously made up of pity and shame and remorse. During ihose latter years in which he was paralysed, and his great bulk waB tethered helplessly in tho chim ney corner, Willie had been more than a son to him, and it might be well that he should feel remorse for the two lives his passion had so greatly injured. Jane ceuld remember the time when Willie had not endured her father's hand upon their lives so easily as of late years. At first he had stormed and raved, and pleaded, and even wept. Poor Willie! she remembered how after a long struggle with her to make her break her duty to her father and become his wife, he had at laet flung himself on the ground as though exhausted, .and had laid his face in her lap. Then' when she caressed his dark head he had begun to sob with great heavinga of his young shoulders. Poor Willie ! it would have been better for him if he had b6en less faithful to her. He might hare had a wife and children of his own in those years when they had been growing into an old bachelor and an old maid. Willie was tenderly fond of chil dren. It came to her now with a great pang that he must always be without children of his own. It was all well that old Michael's stern rule had given his daugeters scant leisure for thought. She began to wonder with heavy lieart-beats of trouble whether her blind obedience had not been wrong, after all. If she had a right to bear the burden her father had laid upon her, ought she to have imposed it npon her lover alsoP Perhaps, perhaps, she thought with a new pang, perhaps even her father would have, in his secret heart, been glad if she had disobeyed him. She uncovered her eyes with an effort. Her thoughts were getting too heavy for her to bear. And it was nearly Willie's time. Year in, year out, summer and winter, he had oome at the same hour every evening. Kvery evening they played their game of cribbage. and then Willie had sat with them to their supper, and left as the clock struck ten. She had always gone into the porch with him to Bay good-night, and had grown used to his sober, husband-like kiss. They had out lived-at least he had-the ardours of youth. She usually made a little toilet for him of evenings, adding to her dress a gay bit of ribbon or a flower. This evening, gaiety would not be becoming; she must hunt up something sombre in hue that would yet add to her dress the touch of decoration ahe hated to be without when Willie was coming. As she turned over odds and ends in u drawer she suddenly became thoughtful. For quite five minutes she etood with her finger to her lip, visibly agitated. Then she opened a lower drawer of her wardrobe and took out a grey silk dress. She shook out the folds, and let it lie across her bed. In the half-light it shimmered like silver, fche took up a fold and fingered it with admiration. If she wore it, ahe thought, Willie would remember the dayB before he was so content with thrir engagement. ' Grey is half-mourning,' ahe said aloud, ' and then no one will see me but Mary and Willie. They won't think I mean any disrespect to father's memory.' Quaking a little at her temerity, she put on the dress. It showed prettily a neck etill white and round and a pain " soft wrists. She had kept her young figure, and the old-fashioned dress cave it a becoming statelinesB. As shelooked at herself is the glass again she looked ten years younger than she did in the black dreaa. A litUecolour came into her cheeks and a light' of hope in her eyes. 8he was more like the girl Willie had loved long ago. Surely he would remember it. She vent down-stairs quietly to get over any possible explanations .with Mary be fore he should arrive. The tea was set out'on the table-a high tea with accompaniment of all kinds of cakes and preserves, for the Archibalds were model housekeepers. Mary sat by the fire knitting grey woollen stockings. She was years older than Jane, and had an honest, weather-beaten face. She had never had a lover, and was incurious about the ways of lovers. She looked up' startled as Jane's silk rustled into the room. An exclamation was on her lips, but Jane anticipated it. ' Grey is a mourning colour, you know, Molly,' she said, ' and black is ugly to me. I looked an old woman as I saw myself in the glass, and I thought I might put on the grey just for once. It is years since I havo worn it.' ' Yes, yes, child,' said the other, answer ing hastily the appeal in her sister's voice. .Why shouldn't you wear itP It looks pretty, too, and you are very pretty in it. When you are as old as I am, you may talk of looking an old woman.' Jane stooped and kissed her gratefully. ' It's none too old-fashioned, Holly, is it P' ' Not a bit.' Those gathers are coming in again. The skirt is a little narrow at the back, but if you'll let me fit you to morrow, I can set that straight.' A moment later Willie's knock was heard. Jano had always been the one to open the door for him, but now, in her new splendour, she was seized with a sudden shyneus, She stooped and lifted a kitten from the hearthrug and laid it in her lap. Mary was going out to the kitchen to make the tea. ' Would you mind opening the door for I Willie ?' she said, with an assumed air of | ease. ' To be sure; but what* s come to you ? I Oh, I see. You're too fine in your silk dreBS.' She noticed the sudden flush that had I come into her sister's cheekB; but, with instinctive sympathy, forebore to make | further comment. ' The ways of lovers are beyond me,' she I said to herself as she went to open the hall-door. Willie Maturin came in shaking him self. It had begun to enow. He was a big dark man, with gentle brown eyes; his hair was streaked with grey, and there were a good many crow's-feet about his eyes; he looked kind and slow, and he I spoke with a soft drawl. ' Where's Janie V he asked as he saw | Mary. * Janie's not ill ?' A momentary alarm had somewhat | quickened his speech. ? Janie's all right, she's in the parlour,' 1 said Mary, shutting the door behind him. I ' But hadn't you better hang your coat in the kitchen to dry ?' I He followed hdr into the spotlessly neat I kitchen, and hung up his coat aB «lio directed him. Then with a caress in passing to the old collie on the hearth, he went up to the parlour. i When he opened the door, he uttered an exclamation. Jane Archibald had stood up nervously, and was waiting for him, her head dropped a little in the lamplight. The vision stirred some old chord or | memory in his heart. ' Why, Janie P' he said, putting his arm | round her. ' This is like long ago,' 'Yes,' said Jane Archibald, faintly, i Her sister and her lover were the ouly two people who ever called her Janie now. I They stood so on the hearthrug for a few moments. Now and again Willie would draw her closer to him and kiss her | with a tender air of ownership. ' You are as pretty as ever, Janie, as I pretty as ever,' he said with satisfaction. Jane trembled a little, but did not | speak. ' Why, you are shivering!' he said I anxiously. ' Are you sure that this is warm enough ?' He passed his hand across the shoulders and down the sleeves of the gown. ' It is too thin,' he said, I ' much too thin. You were foolish to put it on, Janie: it was made for summer weather. You must go up-stairs and pat | on your warm black dress at once.' ' Oh, no! let me wear it this evening, j Willie. It is so pretty,' said poor Jane. But Mary, coming in at that moment, I agreed with Willie that the dress was too thin for winter wear. * Besides,' she said,' it has lain so long in that chest of drawers; it must be damp. Bun at once and take it off, I will keep | the tea-cakes hot till you come down stairs.' Jane went without a word and took off her pretty grey silk. She put on instead the heavy black, high to the neck, and flannel-lined for warmth. She was an elderly woman once more as she looked in I the glass. She folded her grey silk and put it back in its silvery paper with mus lin backB of lavender between the folds. ' Ah!' she said, as she laid it away, 'it LB too true. You were made for summer 1 weather, and for a young woman who is ; dead. I shall not wear you any more.' She came down-stairs with the lightness gone from her footsteps, and her face was dull from disappointment as she came into the parlour and took her place at the tea table. Her lover looked at her with eyes I full of kind pleasure in her. The ardour I which had been in them when she wore the grey silk had quite disappeared. Mary looked at her uncomfortably. I ' You did look pretty in the grey,' she I said,' and it made the room more cheerful to have you wear it; but it is too cold for I the winter. Willie is right. PerhapB Anne Magennis, if she hasn't much work on hand, might put a flannel lining in it.' ' I shan't wear it again,' said Jane dis- I consolately. ' Don't bother about lining it.' < It'll do nicely for summer as it is,' said Mary. ' I'm sure you look as nice as possible in the black,' said Willie, with one of his I faithful and fond glances. Jane Archibald did not meet his eyes. She sipped her tea and crumbled a bit of I tea-cake between her fingers. I After tea there was the usual game of cribbage. Jane played carelessly, without interest in the game. It was easy to see that something had gone wrong with her. Willie watched her with affectionate solicitude, but forbore to question her till | Mary was out of the room. ' You are not well, Janie ?' he said then, j with anxiety. . Quite well; thank you, Willie.' 'Yau'renot yourself then. I hope you haven't taken cold through that foolish freak of putting on a thin summer frock. You shouldn't nave done it, Janie,' ' No, Willie.' ' I'd have expected more sense from you, Janie,' he said, following up his oppor tunity. ' It's all very fine for a slip of a girl to do such things.' Hot smarting tears came into Jane j Archibald's eye. Willie was not often ' gauche, but this time he had managed to I cut her to the quick. She averted her | head and said notning. ' You gaustn't come to the door with me to-night/ he said;*'it's piercing cold. I will tell Mary to give you a hot drink be fore yon sleep. Come, give me a kiss.' She raised her lips obediently to him, und hekissed her as he had kissed her erery nightfor a score of yean back, with , calm affection and tenderness. He had forgotten the momentary thrill of joy and love which had darted through his veins as be had kissed her that evening*. After he had gone she sat dispiritedly by the fire while Mary locked up and put things away for the night. When she had finished she came and sat down. \ You're tired out to-night, Janie,' she said. * You've been through a lot. You must get a good rest to-night, and to morrow we'll set about taking down the curtains and taking up the curtain in poor father's room. The house is all at sizes and sevens. We must begin to set it right sometime, and we may ae well begin at once.' * I wish I could go away, Molly,' said Jane suddenly. ' Go away! Why, where would you go top You've never slept a' night out of this house since poor Kitty died.' ' That is why I want to go, I suppose. It's ungrateful of me, but I'm dead sick of the same place all these years. It is hard hat we should have grown old, you and I, and never have had a chance to go out into the world, and taste what freedom is like. Other girls go away on visits to friends, or to the seaside, or to towns, where they see all sorts of gaieties. Why weren't we like them f ' Father would never have permitted it. He hated gad-aboutB. But what's the matter, Janie P You have always seemed so contented. I believe that grey silk has put all sort6 of fly-away thoughts into your head.' * I was foolish to put it on.' ' You have hod a dull kind of life, now I come to think of it,' said Mary; ' but sc had I when I was young. And then I always thought you were satisfied because you had Willie.' 'Oh, Willie, I always had Willie,' re peated Jane after her, with an impatient laugh which made the elder woman stare. ' I don't know why you laugh, Janie,' she said in a hurt voice. . I'm sure Willie has never seemed to want anyone but you all these years. What more could you want?' ' Nothing, Molly, nothing. To-night I don't know what has come over me. I am tired of everything-even of Willie, and tired to death thinking of all the years that will be just like the years gone over.' ' You and Willie don't think of marrying now that poor father is gone.' ' We are too old.' ' You are not too old. But,' with an air of relief, ' men get terribly set in their ways. Willie seems quite comfortable with old Katty Neville to do for him. I don't know but that it's wisest for thiag6 to stay so.' I don't know but it is.' ' ' And what should I do, if you were to marry, Janie ? I couldn't sit down by a strange hearth-even if it wouldn't break my heart to leave the old place. And it : would be terribly lonely for me here | alone.' ' It would so,' assented Jane. ' Willie's more like a brother than any thing else all these years. He'll come and go just the same, and look after the farm for us. I'm not saying but that if it were for your happiness, Janie, 1 could makeup my mind to live on here alone. You and Willie seem contented with things as they are ?' She looked with a wistful inquiry at her sister. 'Oh, yes, we are contented,' Jane Archibald answered, without meeting her eyes. The next day she seemed to have quite forgotten the strange words of the evening before. Mary put it down to her having been over-tired and over- wrought, and said no more about it, and Jane went about her household duties as usual, and played cribbage with Willie in the evenings. If some spark of hope which- had endured all those years had gone out, and left her duller and more lethargic, no one was sharp enough to detect it. (To be concluded next week.) 