LADY DOLLY. Mr. Alfred Hill's New Opera. As a musician Mr. Alfred Hill needs -no In dulgences, either from his admirers or his critics. His generous vein of genuine melody and his sound technical skill" make him en tirely Independent of such allowances. But- as a composer for the stage, whose works have not been produced by any experienced operatic manager, nor Interpreted by any: company of trained professional artists, ne must be held not only entitled to tne con siderate treatment usually accorded to ama teurs, but also as being In need of such cle mency. Could "Lady .Dolly," for Instance, have been staged with such bright, sharp munu- gera as J. C. Williamson and Henry Bracy, any crudities of the libretto, any mistake in the places of the situations, or their treat ment would have been corrected; while the artists would have been taught to bear them selves In the manner which ages have found to be most effective. In this light the suc cess he achieved on Saturday acquires a double value. To succeed with all the strong mlse-en-scene "Lady Dolly" might have re ceived at Her Majesty's would nave been in . effect a smaller triumph than was Saturday night's achievement. „ , To begin with, Mr. Hill has a distinct feel ing for tune, and will, therefore, . pre sently hear his melodies whistled by street- boys and thrummed at dreary "musical even ings"— a severe trial to a composer's nerves, but a great proof of his success. The dashing spirited nautical song, "When Jack's Ashore, given with infinite vivacity by Mr. Burns- Walker, and the enthusiastic encore uccorded to the same artist In the pretty, .serenade, "The Lady Moon," prove-thls contention. That Mr. Hill lias humour, too. Is proved by the old maid's dance, the pretty song, "A Benny for Your Thoughts," pleasantly sung by Miss Caldwell, and the topical duet and dance,: "Tip It a Wink," interpreted bo cleverly by Miss Meta Hayter,' and Mr. W. D. Louglilin, as to earn a- double encore. The sentimental music is tuneful and graceful, the concerted pieces and the choruses interesting, and the. whole work worthy . of rehearing many limes over. ' "Lady Dolly" has not much plot, and the idea for what little plot there is has appar ently been taken from a very charming little piece written 30 years since for the German- Rc-eds, entitled "Ages Ago," "Lady Dolly," Miss Bertlia Caldwell, Is tho sister of the young Duke of Deranscliffe,- Mr. Harry. Bre wer, who Is about-' to marry Miss Beryl Brooklyn (Miss Hetty Holroyd),an American heiress. Now, Lady Dolly, who Is in love with Lieutenant Jack Forrest (Mr. Burns Wal ker), lias been bewitched by Juan Castello (Mr. W. B. Beattie), a hypnotist, who lp- liuences lier to unconsciously impersonate the family ghost, "Lady Lucretla." The appearance of tills personage follows the fall of her picture, and portends the death of the duke of the day. Beryl decides to await the ghost, and Implore her mercy. Of course, her Invocation awakens Lady Dolly— It might well awaken Earl Beauchamp asleep In Go vernment House — and as all the dramatis personae are' assembled at aveostume ball the exposure of Castello Is complete. Miss Hol- royd scored well as the heroine, and on the whole all persons concerned may be con gratulated on the success of their perform ances. 