A GHOST ON BOARD WEIRD STORY BY A MATE. Apropos of the tales told by sailors, prob ably the most weird is that of the mate of the Dutch barque Burgemeister Jonkheer Col nan. Jacob Springbraken is the narrator of the singular etory, which he lately told to an interviewer as follows : — ' Tou notice that my hair is grny, but I am only 30 years old. When I tell you all that happened ftne awful night on the Sclieldtjust ten years ago, you will understand why it should be so. ' To begin with, although I was bo young: a man, I was a captain. My father was a prosperous ship-broker, and I was a twin. My brother cared nothing about the sea, but to follow it was my sole aim in life, My brother was gentle, ;iod of a delicate consti tution. He was decided on to be the successor to the business, wn'ile I was placed at sea be fore the mast when in my 20th year. 'After six years 1 secured command of the Fraulein Yorhees. She was-an old, un eeaworthy brig, but she was all my own, and I made many happy voyages in her through tbe waters of Northern Europe. ' On the oigbt of which I am about to speak, I had just made port from a prosper ous run through the ports' of the Low Countries. ' The tfraulein made the roads of the Scheldt about ten o'clock at night. I told the crew we would not land that night, and as they were very tired, they agreed. ' ' As for myself, I remained on deck for half an hour later, looking towards the shore. The house in which I lived with my father, mother, and brother was in plain view from the ship. 1 looked at it and won dered why it was all lighted up so long after their usual hour of retiring. For a mo ment I was half tempted to take a boat and go on shore. » ' But I went down tbe cabio Btairs. Scarcoly liad I reached my room when my presentiment returned. 'I sfit a tray of brandy peaches on the table and lit a big stone pipe. SMASHING BLOW AT AN INTRUDER. ' While I smoked I thought of home. I hadn'tseen my brother for a year, and I won dered how he would greet me. It may have been because we were twins, but -we were always closer together somehow than most brothers. 'So thinking, I must have fallen asleep. Suddenly a cold oppressive chill seemed to seize my very heart. The ship clock on the wall showed the time— 11.50 p.m. The lamp had burnt dim. Then I realised that some one else was in the room. A figure was seated in that cliair, just as you are now. I could see his face distinctly, bat his eyes had an expression of mute sadness. Horror seized me— horror indescribable. With a vio lent effort I sbouk off tbe hallucination. ' Grasping the pipe which lay on the floor beside me, 1 struck the intruder a terrific blow on the head. A plaintive groan sounded through the apartment, and the spell was over. The moonlight streamed through the stern window into the cabin, and I saw it was empty, but there was a big dent in the floor where the pipe had struck. The bowl was broken. ' I went up on deck, and to my surprise saw that our house was still lit up biightly. There seemed much confusion. Forms could be seen flitting past the windows, and all was excitement. ' Thoroughly alarmed, I called the watch and had the boat lowered. In a jiffy we pulled through the moonlit water, and in ten minutes I was knocking at tbe doov of the home. 'JACOB MT BROTHER.' ' My mother opened it. She fell upon my shoulder and exclaimed between her sobs:— . ' ' Oh, Jacob, Hans is dead. He longed for your coming, but he passed away a few minutes before twelve, ife knew you were in the bay. Why didn't you come ashore?' ' Aud then they told me a strange story Hans was seized with a sudden illness on the morning of that very day. They told him the Fraulcin Voorhees would soon be in, but he replied that he would never see me again. At 10.30, the time when I had imagined I was asleep in the cabin of the brig, lie had fallen into a deep coma. And then, at 11.50 p.m., at the very moment when I had brought that cursed pipe down with crushing force upon the head of the apparition of my dreams, he suddenly aroused, and. crying aloud, ?' ' Oh, my God, Jacob, my brother,' ho died.' 