The WhiteVtoI BY JOHN BLOUNDBLLEBUimwH Author of "Freedom's Stroke." , (COPYRIGHT.) B The.c-harrettc had haltered beneath .lime trees— wliich were still in ||w' the end of this hot August, orbeeinnin. September-and the mon who end, J>, were beginning to look for the brook might be heard babbling close by E; both they and their passengers wero'athi' after tho long journey commenced at 4 break. The vehicle bail stopped outs Laguy for the last drink to bo partaken ere Paris should be reached and its iouni finally accomplished. Yet never Bad. any conveyance pa along those roads, now so white and da from the long summer's drought, wk bore so strange a load as that borne by f old lumbering thing— half patache aud b van; never had such a freight been seen any carriage which had travelled along ft roads and lfad thereby caused old won working in the fields, and old men wh; back's were bowed witli toil and povoi to run, or shamble, towards it to gaze no that. load. "Sainte .Viergc!" they muttered to ea other, "they must be her votaries. See their white robes — and, look, some k lilies within their hands— lit ciublcmi Her. purity— and all are clad in wbi wliile sonic do smile and prattle. 1VI can it mean?" these innocent.ignorantpe ants asked, "What? Cau she, our Saci Mother of Sorrows, be coming to walk 1! earth again, anil are the children seat 1 fore to proclaim peaco to our distract land?" . Whereon their eyes would glance at I open cliurrctte and rest upon 14 yoniig gi — tliere was not one more than 18 years o — who sat wi.thjn.it, all clad in wliitoi holding, as tlie peasants had said, lilies their, hands, — while one fondled a Hilled that lay sleeping in her lap. The late noticed,'! too, that upon all their innoci young faces there was a tranquil, hap look, such as. you may observe upon I faces of littlo children 'whose minds i free from guile and still pure, though ready sufficiently ripe to understand n appreciate how good it is.to be in the worl aiid to be full of life and youth. Full life and youth, and with. old age and pa and sorrow far away as yet! "They look," said one old peasant wona crossing herself as she spoke, "as if Ik might stand, face to face witli the goodC and fear not, since tlicy have never kuo aught of evil. 'Suffer little ones to come hie,' His only son said. Surely He ma sucli as these." "Bonliomme," demanded a.sturdy yoi peasant, addressing the driver of the ck r'ette, who was now handing up water the white robed- girls in the cart; id .touching tbq mail on the sleeve as he qml "what -is it they, do, and .where do then Is it to, some" great feast under tlie Rep lie?" and lie glanced towards where ft lay, "or — say — a marriage— line not Eh?" For a moment the driver paused wi looking at the young fellow who questio: him, so that the latter observed how rot and cruel looking a man the other was, i how upon his sleeves he bore spots of dii hldod, as though he were a butcher or a e tie slaughterer; then the fellow replied ii low voice, though not a harsh one, "Vft, is to a marriage — une. nocc — that they go. . "Whose marriage?" the peasant an his curiosity arouBcd. "Their own." ' ' "Their— own! These children. " mon brave, how can that be? Some-H little golden haired one there, to wiH who nurses tho dog— she with the blue e; such as the angels had in our late cbm windows — she is not 10 years of age. 9 tho Republic permit girls to marry at II age? Nay, such things would heller o befitted the days of Capet's predeccsso tlio days of Louis XV ., of foul mcnim aiid lie spat upon tlie earth as he spoke, "They are brides," tlie driver s "Brides. That is enough. R is no P of my work to answer idle questions. ) to the surprise of his interrogator, I j were tears in bis eyes even as ho so repli Aiid, also to that interrogator s stirpri this man of harsh anil menacing appearo took tlie hand of one of tlie white clniK dren as it hung -down over tho side o charreltc and kissed it softly, while mud ing, 'Tuuvre petite, l'auvro liehe. "What is it?" tho peasant asked, «» at the man and his companion, « now joined him. "What! Mhal. ' God!" he exclaimed, recoiling 81 1 , is not that! OB! say it is not that- 8 they such little helpless things- harm can they have done? Then— because the driver s fac that this journey was m troth U < horror which the young man h-d siuw divined it to be, bo whispered, know?" Tl,..vtl "Nay, they know nothing. ' "J they go to fete-a great <elobrat«je think so but one-tho eldest. And not tell them." "She is the daughter of thej uttered their sentence, -oft -1'" ,|m0I not knowing his own clum .jj sl, them.Wlien lie does know it, 1"! slay himself." . . j j " The three men had liccn J"1'1'. women ere this; wonie'i n > young girls' in the chniTett but; some brcad-to cat w:l ,,ie« "drank, had handed up to one » 1. bripche, ltd. another an egg wola( nest, and to a third « P hearts being" touched by Ihe cm Tmitthey liad by now over- Part of w,e talk audweU!- tffe'thdone?'' aslccd (in. old, Ln who liad been standing by. She ''" wed, hideous crone this, \one burned u i exposure in the fields and tlri and almost mummified by age and i Ints yet with still a women s sym- teTcft to her, since from her old eyes tears were falling. . , They were sent by their parents, dressed see them now and with flowers in li ads to welcome the King of Prus- J the Duke of Brunswick at Verdun; Isle them as saviours of France from Bepahlic. For that they are condemned I sent to Paris for — " Phi" said a young woman, swarthy and !lr who held her own little babe to her lufost "Oh! God. And this is the SStwastofreeuealllTomakc z hiuiiy. And their parents— their iters above all. Have they said farewell Btliem?" this handsome peasant woman Beil; sobbing. , , , B„r a moment the driver paused, S at her. Then he said. T e parting is made.- The mothers have .. before to-to-to-to welcome their L in heaven. Thank God, these in- eats do not know it. They think they 1 be back at Verdun soon and find their ibers waiting for them. But it is . not re that they will meet." — ,n hour later the charrette was a league ther on its journey towards . -Paris- iii tlie -very name' of which liad by now mi hateful '-to the'- whole civilised wprld Ithe peasants were sitting in the shade the fountain of their village talking over i tliev had lately learnt. It had in the custom for generations of such; tants to sit thus around the fountain eventide; conversing about their Con ns which, though but trivial babble to the rest of the world, was Of lmport- e to them-and so tliey sat now. For kough there were no more hateful, ae- Ke(l corvees to be attended to; no more Eehil and accursed tithes and three- Brths of their earnings to be paid to the iilesse, since the guillotine bad changed that, aiid' the noblesse liad vanished like HE before the' wind— the people still had B labor cruelly to find the wherewithal live, and the sweat still ran down their Bete daily as they toiled, and their backs Bame more and more bent and bowed, H their limbs ached more and more, as By grew older with their day's work. So; Bt their fountain was to the inen on sum- ! gr evenings as the clubs had boen'to'the- Bo of that noblesse which was now ex it; the noblesse whose heads were now Iting in the common fosses of Paris while Bir bodies rotted in the burial ground: the Madeleine; and, to the women, as' salons liad been to the haughty ladies- the Queen's court, most of whose dead; Bies were likewise headless at this time. Vet, 'palsamhleu,' " said one strong, Bevy peasant, "it is loo much. We have Bngcd ourselves on the nobility, who led and smiled and leered at our. suiter-. Be, as well as on the women who were Kir wives. But— on little, innocent ehil- in! 'Grand Dieui' they go too far." I Tliey say the end draws near," exclaimed : Btlicr, "for the King — " Blfsh — ITsh," interposed the first speaker.: got the King— but Louis Capet. If there file any creeping about this village to- lli.t, any agent, any. spy, any 'mouchurd/ Br. own neck would be as near as the knife; |is Capet's own." Mill," muttered the handsome peasant- man, who liad heard everything earlier in fi day, "it is an accursed thing to slaughter Jse innocents. This cannot be justice.-' I They guillotined an aristocrat's dog at jweaux, tliey say," whispered another, cause the master was. an aristocrat. A g! is as innocent a creature as a child, gey will stop at nothing. They will— what! gt, mere; At what do you cliucklo?" the | sj'd, breaking off to regard an old Mian who was laughing to herself— an old gature almost senile from weight of years, 'hat is it?" |he who drove the tumbril- nay, the arrette —well! 'tis much the same tiling g sud one who condemned them had a tiler amongst them, unknown to hiiii Li I ,e! That 'is good, ill,- 8 f0.0f 9U1'60 him — how lie must C» rS 10.uShts, this Herod, this J khteier of the innocents." ,the witli a sinis- ismi uh Ch helled lus words. "More, you. lit i,?!'' , ?ru s''ould rejoice at—; Iheni i ' t T U8 be broke off now, Kilm e?d t0:vards the road. The: ted thro / n-IU Verdun' towards Paris,: l « And, likewise, I «e othcrs hent their heads. ""a. S(; galloping," said oiie, "u L "'"S wiftly, One ridden 'to iits full P - Uliat limy it mean?" ' Las babes- »en'1®X;ev lmrdo" f those It tt'nn handsome -young peas- homau gasped in her excitement! "! Iwaids "if Kn B,,le ericd' " nipinent Paris now- Jn ' 18 0 latp' Tbp>" are kolatg. 'Tqo"ata"Cqh! MU Bieu-it iaws'if 'h SPwe lhey C0uItl kear, in the. '8 of the mi'? ,. su'"mer evening, tiip' l(rcnd of the08 m ,plc'8 Jloofs Jlt the \- "ie chide-m yd''iSe street — it was pass-i Monsieur l'e AT -"meuF le Marquis upw and qi!' who avaB -takcu to 'kau was !i !UC last Wtty' wllilp his rM(l!) aniM ''I ' J ky it was not Egniit' Frn-' » aniinai - -Jenf51 idong its front.' tlm yilluge-stit., it t bore ' T, aynn upon them. .. ; .nian, and tlm n" Vhito aiug diiy.- i eoyihl;see,. in Uie. -still eves \k„ tV- "te hp- wna;. !i -man W with ' V.et glepiped .as car, and down whose face tlio perspiration rolled. A man who looked as though he had seen a ghost upon the road he- had followed,, or liad encountered some hideous sight tlmt had blasted him. Observ ing the group of peasants, lie pulled up the that'bp nl'80 ,Ct,bL'Stl0de wit1' a » that he almost threw it on its haunches and then lie cried in a hoarse, raucous voice, 'J i al'Lf-t0' A chniTOtte full of young girls dressed in white! It must have passed '!cro- ,ItJias here. Has it pot' Speak J Has 16 not?" "Ay," exclaimed one or two voices. "Av 1 ,,las l'asse(h Five hours ago." ' I'ive hours ago," the man cried; shrieked indeed. Five hours. Oh, God-it cannot hnL c fiv! bours- s"y it is not five hours. it. Say it!" 'Nearer six," grunted the old woman, yet clearly enough for the horseman to hear tier. Par nearer six.-" . 'Oh!" cried the mnn-and now his face was whiter, more deathly than before; the face of. a corpse within its sliroud. "AID I am too late. I airi too late. They— will —be-dead— ere I can roach them." Have you then a reprieve, a . pardon for tliem. asked the handsome young peasant uoiiign while as she spoke she drew her own babe, nearer to her breast. I can— I could — have saved tliem if I had been in time. If I had known eariler; I am the syndic of Verdun. Iam—" "You are perhaps Paul Siilbris?" a voice asked solemnly from out, of ithe fast: ap- .proAchtngdarkness: ' ; ; d5pIe' y'h!;:Sd they itold me eai her. Viet Veb—even in. hopes— I: will go on, The. clinrrette might break dowii— a' disaster may hayohappened--even to the horses. 'I, may yet save them." And with- .y further words lie turned his wrist and urged the already tired, nantinw hnrno nn,n its road again, towards Paris. He is too late," the young peasant mother whispered. "Far too late. What lias become, of them— what are they by now? What?. What?" What had become of them was tliat they had long since entered Paris by the eastern gate that, prattling to 'tlieriiselvesj especi ally the' youngest of them, -smiling at the crowds which stared at them; though with a look of horror and astonishment on each upturned face; waving sometimes their lilies to those who so regarded tliem,- they1 passed along their road and through the: crowded streets of the infernal city. Among them the eharrette went— still stared at by astonished eyes; they; these innocent chil dren, not understanding why here aiid there a woman fainted as she giized on them--nor why fierce looking men. with red ' caps ,oiiV who had also smeared their faces and hands' with something red — lhey" could not ^under stand why!— should mutter imprecations and elencli'their fists, and, in more than one case, throw down the weapons tliey bore in their hands and rush- away VfromV. the sight' of the children. Nor could thcyiunderstaud why hoiuible, cfud'' Tbbk'ing women . with knives in their girdles and Phrygian cups upon their heads,: whom some .called, as tliey could very vvell lieur, "Les Lecheresses de Sang," should suddenly scream as' though struck with : frenzy, and then 'rush forward crying, "No. -Ho. Kot that. ' Not that. God! not that." But still tlie charelte went on. It went 011 down a long open street with, on one side; of it, a partly burnt palace hav ing banners of, red and white and; blue hang ing from the windowb, and with, as els»- where, the words Libefte, Egalite, Frater- uite painted all over it; . a palace standing in beautiful gardens. -It went on and on, and so, at last, it .reached a great open place, on which there stood hundreds upon hundreds of people. People who seemed to welcome them, though iu a strange way, too, those children thought; since, us be fore, the 'Svomen ivept,. and shrieked, and fainted, while' '-from the men's throats there rose a hoarse, angry, and, perhaps, 'ominous, roar. And then — then— the eharrette stop- ped-before a strange looking little erection; a -square, wooden thing to which six steps led up, and above which were two tall posts, having a cross piece on the top of 'them, beneath which shone a beautiful sheet of bright polished steel— looking,, as the chil dren thought, like a great magnified copy of the razors they had seen their fathers use. . . ." But what .pleased thqin and made thorn very happy was, thai tlie cruel-looking women whom they had heard called "Los Leclieresses . de Sang" could not, tliey thought, be very cruel after all, because, as they saw quite well, these women liad found some lilies like their own" and were strewing all the floor of the strange looking building with them. So that, as tliey told each other— all speaking but the eldest one, who uttered never a word hut only stared with an awful stare upon her face— the people of Paris were glad to see tliem and make them welcome. "Descend," said tlie driver, whose eyes they noticed were very red and watery— indeed, like the eyes, of a man who was weeping— yet who weeps on fete days!— "descend and go Up one by one. You, first, ". .and lie spoke to the girl who had caiv ried the little dog 'in her lap for two days. Whereas the eliild, pleased to he taken notice of, got out of the eharrette and ran up the six steps to where (it the 'top stood 1\. young man very well dressed, who held out his hand to' her' aiid led her gently for ward. A young liitin whose name was Sim- son— thopgli naturally sho'did not know it —and wlio was the lieicqlitury executions of Paris. ' . " "B011 soiiy mademoiselle, ' ho said very gruvtSly, and to 1he girl's, astonishment this good looking young ma.u hail -also his eyes full of tears. 'Won soir. Shall we begin to— to— tbiuoii' Die\i! (lie .whispered) to .-'"If you please," the child answered, stiii proud of being so much noticed. "But you see, I haVe-Fifine/' and she pointed to tlie little dog. "Someone must look after her while we piny/' "It shall he well cared for, Mademoiselle,"- the young man answered, turning his head away. "Very well. Always. Have no fear." , . "Oh, yes it must be. Because," went on tlie child, looking up with her innocent blue eyes into- those of the gentleman who seemed so kind, "it will he a year old next week. And we are going to make a little fete for its birthday — and mother has a rib boa for it—and I am going to buy it a little box of bon bona — " „"Pieui des Dieus," murmured Sanson, tills is too much, even for sueli as I." Then lie turned swiftly away from the child, and V„3PC1''. JCS', if can <Wl«re to do it, ed doun"' st h.a"dso"1p gentleman stoop- B?,dm to Birl and kissed her,, saying, Go— and— piny. Go and-ah! God bless you Give me jhe .dog. Give it me I will guard it carefully." Ai,dUJ-ran down -the steps with the little animal in hi" arms and disappeared into the crowd speaking only to the driver of tlie eharrette anwlnspei-mg, "Turn their faces away eas'theyo before"6 What happens Pmfl«eyn«y iati in t!le ,vine shops of i,al?-8 -il6 gurely tn3 i,ula|; jje j.jle en(j. Uiat neither Danton nor Desmoulins nor ee®Wa?trUfK;,rc-,> cxecucea after the thrill of horror which all had. felt— even including Le.s'Lccheresses ofedeaG y,JhMedf imd bood-skimcd shadow 01 (leatti H indi for so long had rustled if- offf or everf ""allfdKven 