EASTER AT THE CHURCHES. Eloquent and Appropriate Sermons. Holy Thuhsday. The final ceremonies of the holy season of Lent were commenced on Holy Thurs day, when the anniversary of the institu tion of the Blessed .Sacrament was com memorated. This great event was cele brated with due significance and fervor at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral in the morning, when His Grace the Archbishop pontificated, the assistant priest being the Ven. Archdeacon Russell, V.G. The Very Revs. Archpriest Nevin and Father Hur ley were deacons at the throne, the Rev. Fathers Adamson and Dolieny deacon and sub-deacon of the Mass, and Father Cornes master of ceremonies. A large number of the clergy of the archdiocese were within the sanctuary. The Holy Oils were then consecrated by the Arch bishop, and after the Pontifical Mass. a procession of the Blessed Sacrament took place through the church to the Altar of Repose. Here the sacrament remained all day, where it was visited by the faith ful in large numbers. In the evening the office of tenebrae was chanted. The Archbishop occupied the throne, and the Rev. Father O'Dowling delivered a very eloquent and appropriate sermon. Good Friday. ■The cathedral was crowded by the faithful on Good Friday morning, when the customary impressive services of the Church were carried out. His Grace the Archbishop again officiated at the Mass~bf the Presanctified, the Very Rev. Arch priest Nevin being the assistant priest, the Rev. Fathers Adamson and Dohen.y deacon and sub-deacon respectively, and Father Cornes master of ceremonies. The ceremony of the unveiling and adoration of the Cross (which has been- covered from Passion Sunday) then took place. At the conclusion of the Mass the Very Rev. Prior Spenee, O.P., preached the ser mon of the day, and delivered a most in spiring address, taking for his text the words, "Hail! Holy Cross, Hail!" The very reverend preacher said—"After the solemn prayers, the next feature which meets us in the morning office of Good Friday is the rite winch,' in the Latin books, is described as the "Adoratio Cruris," but which amongst our fore fathers was known as the "Creeping to the Cross." The priest puts off the upper vestments, and uncovering the upper part of the Cross, shows it to the people, re peating at the same time the Anthiphon, "Behold the wood of the Cross, on which hung the Salvation of the World." Then the priest uncovers the right arm, and, lastly the whole figure of Christ Crucified, reciting each time ."Behold the wood of the Cross on which hung the Salvation of the World." During this ceremony two chanters sing the following verses, where in the Redeemer of the World is repre sented as reproaching the Jews for their ingratitude, "My people what have I done to thee, or in what have I grieved thee? Answer me. Because I brought thee out of the land of Egypt, thou hast prepared a Cross for thy Saviour." The preacher went on to say how the Chris tians of Jerusalem about the year 350,kept Good Friday, how there had been Mass on Holy Thursday before sunset, the hasty meal after Mass, the journey across the valley and the night watch on the Mount of Olives, and the Adoration, of the Cross as related by St. Silvia. He then spoke of the reasons why we, at the present time, following the example of our Christian forefathers, should venerate the Cross of Christ in the spirit of gratitude and love. At the close of the sermon, the congre gation approached the altar rails, and kissed the figure of the crucified Re deemer. Sermon bt Father Helary. In the evening of Good Friday, the office of tenebrae was again chanted, His Grace the Archbishop occupying the thrope. The sermon was preached, by the Very Rev. Father Hilary, C.P., "from the text "Vir dolorum—The Man of Sor rows." Father Hilary said:—To-night our Holy Mother, the Church, gathers us to gether at the foot of the Cross, and asks us to tlunk m a spirit of adoration and Jove, upon Him "whom by our sins we Pfrced/' Yes> ™ matter how the burden of care and toil, loss and fail an.d,s,orrow» may weigh on your hearts to-night; no matter bow the bitter waters of human woe may have inum SlS y°Ur souI!> yet the Church, the +W ty ?pou®® ?.f the Crucified, points to that Divine Victim, and declares, in the anguish of her broken-heartedness, that never was there, or could there ever be, a sorrow like unto His sorrow. Let us hearken, then, to our Mother's call, and. taking our stand on the mount with Mary, attend and see" how a God can love, and how sin can cause a God to sorrow. But, my brethren, what a vast held of thought is open for our contem plation? Or, is it not like being on the seashore, and trying with a tiny shell to empty the fathomless ocean. This thought struck my own holy Father an?t founder, St. Paul of the Cross, when he used to say to his religious, "Ah, my child ren, when we say a God scourged; a God crowned with thorns; a God spat upon and crucified, the thought o'erpowers us— words fail, we can say no more." Yet. when we look upon that Divine Victim of love and sin, there is one thought which especially forces itself upon us; it is, how truly applicable to Him was the name the great prophet, Isaias, gave Him, i.e., "Vir Doloruin," "The Man of Sorrows." As through the light of the prophetic vision, the various phases of the three and thirty years' Divine life came before the wise and saintly Prophet, he could find 110 better name that would- give the characteristic features of that Life than "The Man of Sorrows." He might have called Him "The Eternal I am," "Tho Light in Darkness," "The Good Shepherd of Souls." "The Way, the Truth, the Life." No, no, Isaias saw all this, but he also saw, above all, in all, a mighty sor row, deep as hell, strong as death, bitter as gall, pervade that Divine Life from Bethlehem to Calvary. And so lie called Him "The Man of Sorrows." Now, human sorrow is the outcome of human sin. Wherever sin is, there is sorrow. As the shadow follows the figure, so does sorrow follow sin. As man, therefore, consists of a rational soul, and a body of flesh which may err, it follows there are three great sources of sin, and conse quently three great sources of sorrow, i.e., the mind, the heart, and the body. If, then, wherever sin is there is sorrow, it follows that He who took upon Himself all sin took with the sin the sorrow. Bat He took upon Himself all sin. Isaias tells us, "The Lord laid upon Him the iniquities of us all," and again, "He shall bear their iniquities"; and St. Paul tells us, on this account Christ "was made a curse," and St. Peter tells us Christ "bore our sins upon His own body on the tree." Thus it follows, in the threefold source of sin and sorrow., i.e., the mind, the heart, and the body, He grieved as only the Man-God could. The mental sorrow of Christ was, my brethren, constant, universal, extreme. Now, there is no suffering like mental sorrow. Its possibilities are fearful ones to think of. Hundreds of thousands have preferred the suicide's death under extreme torture, rather than the agony of mental anguish. The reason of mil lions has given away under its strain, and a drivelling idiot or a screeching maniac was the result. Yet, all mental sorroiv put together could not equal that of the Man of Sorrows. The mind is a great source of sin. Pride, vanity, ambi tion, ignorance, resisting the truth, blas phemy, contempt of God, are mental sins. Indeed, St. Bernard tells us that all sin is first conceived in the mind. How often is not the mind a cesspool of moral filth? And so, as Christ took upon Him self the sins of the mind, he endured a mental agony even unto death. "My soul is sorrowful unto death." Ah, my brethren, if you want to see what this mental agony cost the Divine Victim, go into that Garden of Olives, enter into that cave on the slope of the hill outside the city Avails, and in the dim light of the Pascal moon contemplate Avhat you see there—Jesus, "the mighty God," "the most beautiful of the sons of men," pros stretched arms, hands clenched, panting, gasping, dying, every pore of His body an eye shedding tears of blood, blood that trickles down His face, soaks His gar ments and the earth. Listen, to Him— "My soul is sorrowful unto death." "Abba Father, if it be possible let this chalice pass from me. Oh, my brethren, why this agony? Why this blood? There are no cruel, heartless, executioners there, no scourge, no thorns, no nails! Ah, why? Because in His mental vision He beholds His Father of infinite holiness, majesty, truth, goodness insulted, des pised, disobeyed by millions and millions of human beings. Because He sees all sin, as only the pure mind of Jesus could. Every sin! All the blasphemies, heresies, murders, impurities, sacrileges, heinous crimes of every kind ; yea, He not only sees them, hut they are laid upon Him. He is covered Avith them; they are His, for He has taken them. And so He is a "leper," a "curse," and an "outcast." Again, He sees the millions of the lost in Hell. He hears, from the hopeless prison of the pool of fire, the Avild wail of woe going up for ever in hatred and bias phemy against Him, AA'ho was about to shed the last drop of "His blood for tbem. Oh! No wonder the mental agony forces His heart's blood from every pore; no Avonder He cries out "Abba. Father, all things are possible to Thee, if it be possi ble let this chalice pass from me." This elialiee, yes, this aAvful sight of the lost. Oh, Father, I Avill bear the scourge, the thorn, the crucifixion, the desolation, the death—but this, the millions of My own creatures lost for ever. Oh, Father, if it be possible. But it was not—for God gave man free will; He did not want him to be a machine, or an automaton, but man; and man, of his own free Avill, in spite of God's infinite love, would damn himself for sin's sake. Again, what must have been the mental sorrow of Christ when, on the Cross, He cried out, "My God, My God, why hast Thou forsaken Me?" Yes, forsaken by the Father. He took upon Himself to pay the debt of the world's sins, and until that debt was paid He was but "the curse," the "worm and no man," the "outcast." The heart also, my brethren, is a source of sin. The heart was made to love St. Thomas tells us that love is the life of the heart, "Vita cordis amor est. its capacity of loving is infinite, for only the Infinite can satisfy it. "Our hearts, says St. Augustine, "were made for Thee, and in Thee only can they find rest.' The sin of the heart consists in giving the love which is due to God to the creature. Putting God aside for the creature Hence, the sins of the heart are manifold and countless. The love of the human heart is, alas, too often given to every thing, or anything, but the all- beautiful loveable God! So the Man of Sorrows took upon His sacred heart this almost universal crime of human idolatry. Nevei was there, or could there be, a heart so noble, so loveable, so true, as the Heait of Jesus, and, consequently, never was there a heart so tender, so sensitive, so loving. Yet no heart ever met with so much ingratitude,, betrayal, desertion, in difference, as did the adorable heart of the Man of Sorrows. What must have been the pain of that Heart when, in Die supper room, washing the feet of His apostate apostle, he looked into the face of Judas and saw no response. Or, 111 the garden, when Judas, kissing Hun, called Him "friend," or when Peter swore, with an oath, he knew not that man." or when "all loving Him fled awav," or when brought by Pilate befoie. the people, tlie.v cried out, "Let Barrabas be set free, let Jesus be crucified. Where were the blind, the dumb, the deaf, the lame, the broken-hearted, which he healed and comforted. Deserted, be trayed, rejected. Oh, Sacred Heart of Jesus, thus you had to suffer, for your heart was that of "the Man of Sorrows which bore the sin of the worlds mgiati tude. . The bodv also is a source of sin. we all have to say, with the Psalmist, in sin hath my mother conceived me "Prone to evil from our youth, is the saa inheritance of fallen nature. Those that know the world and its ways must admit that the unclean sin, with its threefold curse of slavery, darkness, and hardness of heart, like some subtle, fearful moral pestilence, blights almost everywhere, the good, the beautiful, and the noble. Now, on the virginal, immaculate body of 'the Man of Sorrows was laid all the foul, un clean impurities of humanity. By its bruises the wounds of sinful flesh were to be healed. Hence, no body was evei so rent and torn, so bruised and broken, as the adorable body of Jesus To under stand the physical pain of Christ m Bis Passion, you must know that whatever is made by miracle is perfec.. Thus, the, manna which fell in the desert was per feet food, the wine at the marriage feast of Cana was perfect wine. The body of Jesus was made by miracle, i.e., by the operation of the Holy Ghost in the chaste .womb of Mary. Now, a thing is said to be perfect if it fulfils the end for which it was made, i.e., a knife is perfect if it cuts perfectly, or a lamp is perfect if it gives light perfectly. But the end foi which the body of Jesus was made was to suffer. Yes, made to suffer A body thou hast adapted to me.' A body made "to bear the iniquities of us all. Hence, the prophets, describing, tell ns that it was all wounds, "from the crown of the head to the soles of the feet, all gaping wounds and bleeding sores" like a leper "a worm, and no man." Oh, if you want to see how the body of Jesus suffered, take but two glances at it in the Passion. Go into the Pretorium, or hall of Pilate. See that naked body, see those swarthy pagan executioners, see the scourges with leaden spikes, see how they scourge Him St. Augustine tells us they were ordered by Pilate to scourge Him until the sight of His mangled body would soften even the hearts of the Jews; that the Pharisees prayed them to scourge Him unto death, lest He might escape and destroy them; the devils possessed them, for they wanted to find out were He the Son of God, and. as the second chapter of the Book of Wisdom puts it, "to see if He had the patience of the Son of God. Oh, my brethren, see how these men, urged by man, possessed by devils, rend and tear that adorable fieshl See how that pre cious blood is poured out. Look at Him now as He falls into the pool of His heart's blood at the foot of the pillar. See Him gasping, panting, dying, covered with blood and wounds and shame; or, again, look at Him on the Cross—look at that crowned head, those wounds in hands and feet and side! Oh, surely, never was there a body more rent and torn—the body of "the Man of Sorrows," "who bore our sins upon the tree." Thus we see the Man of Sorrows, who took upon Himself all sin, with the sin took also the sorrow, and so no mind ever sulfered such mental agony, no heart ever was so broken, and no body ever so wounded as His adorable mind, Heart, and body. Let us, then, hearken to the call of Holy Church, and mourn over Him whom, by our sins, we have pierced. But let our sorrow be not simply a passing feel ing of pity, which we would not refuse even to an animal thus wounded. No, let us see the work of our own lives. Just as a king who has brought about an un just war looks, after the battle, on the field of ivounded and bleeding, of dying and dead: or, as a Avayward son Avill look on the corpse of the mother whose heart he has broken. Yes, our Avork, our want of sorrow has driven blood from His every pore, our impurities have scorged Him, our evil thoughts have crowned Him Avith thorns, our sins, in fine, have crucified Him. In the words of the prophet Isaias, "Let the fruit be that the sin thereof be taken aAvay." "Weep not oA er Me," said Jesus to the Avomen on the Avay to Calvary, "but over yourselves." Yes, mv brethren, our sins, our hardness of heart, our indifference to so much love; for, "if in the green Avood" of his immacu late virginal body such Avere done, what Avith the dry Avood of our lost souls in the fire of Hell? Easter Sunday. Solemn High Mass Avas celebrated at St. Francis Xavier's Cathedral on Easter Sunday morning at 11 o'clock. The arch bishop pontificated. The Rev. Father Doheny celebrated, assisted by the Rev. Fathers Cornes and Nugent. The con gregation was large, and the choir sang the beautiful music of Mitterer's "Eyrie," of the St. Cecilian school of Church music, Avith fine effect, the composition being most devotional in character. The re mainder of the Mass Avas from Gounod's "Messe Solonelle," Avhich Avas equally Avell rendered. Miss Nellie Morrissey gaATe a good interpretation of the "Gloria" and "Benedictus." Mr. T. McCreanor credit ably sang the tenor solo in the "Sanetus," and Mr. Holder, of Williamson's Opera Company, sang the "Qui Tollis" in a com mendable manner. Miss Laura Carrig sang "0 Sacrum Convivium" with excel lent voice and expression. The choruses Avere admirably sung, both as regards time and expression, by Mesdames Siebert and McNally, Misses Kean, Morrissey, Gason, Dunn, Morat, and Young, and Messrs. Hargrave, Waller, A. Conrad, V. Siebert, Chamberlain. McNeil, and Altenkirch. Miss Nellie O'Sullivan acted efficiently as organist. Mr. E. Naylor, the choir master, conducted. St. Patricks', West Terrace. Solemn High Mass was celebrated at St. Patrick's Church, West Terrace, at eleAren o'clock. The Rev. Father Adam son celebrated the Holy Sacrifice, and a specially augmented choir rendered Weber's Mass nicely. An orchestra under the direction of Herr Mumme assisted, the members being Miss Mumme (violin), Sig nor Gargaro (bass), and Mr. Pfaendler (viola). The soloists Avere Mesdames W. Murphy, and Misses T. Murphy, L. Sugg, and J. Slieehan, and Messrs. P. Belian (of the Opera Company), B. J. Morrissey, and J. F. Walsh: the other members of the choir being Misses M.- Sheehan, E. , Mur phy, and;A. Walsh, and Messrs. G. McBer mott. T. Walsh, F. Rankine, M. Healy, and J, Walsh. Mr. W. Walmsley eon ducted in a most efficient manner, and at the conclusion of the Mass, Mr. Behan sang Zingarelli's "Laudate." 