ST. GEORGE'S CATHEDRAL. . SPECIAL SERVICES. OB Sunday afternoon, in St George's Cathedral, a special children's, service was held, which was attended' by the scholars - of the following Sunday -schools : -St> George's Parish ; St. Bar- tholomew's, TSast Perth; "St. John's, West Perth ; St, 'Alban's, Highgate Hill; St. Paul's. West Perth; and Christ Church'Claremont; and the Girls' Orphanage. There was a large congre- gation, and the Lord Bishop of Tas- mania delivered an address. _ The* Bishop spoke of mission work. He said "that among the last words that they knew of that Jesus spoke on the earth were'"the uttermost parts of \ the earth." Jesus, -as he ascended to Heaven, instructed the gospel to be preached in every part of the earth. The question when he came to earth again would be to each, "What hast thou done for the uttermost parts of the earth £" The present, he continued, was the closing year of a most wonderful cen- tury, and God's Church had done won- derful things in the century, but chiefly during, the last 20 years. In f50 years hence, perhaps, it might be inquired of their Church how it had entered the new century, «nd they should have high and noble dreams of increased work for God to start the century with. Let this' period be looked upon as the beginning of a new and better spirit among them all, and let their inspiration be to do the work of Christ in the utter ; mdst parts of the earth. They were the soldiers of Christ, assembled to carry oat the blessed message. There was a vast field before them. There were Chinese miss|ons in Sydney, and Melbourne io he helped, work to" be done in Melanesia, New Guinea, South Sea Islands, and many other places, including Australia itself. After referring to the work to be accomplished in the northern part of Australia, to which a Bishop was to. be èént, Dr. Montgomery said that the dio- cese of Western Australia wanted help more than ah» Cjther, for there were vast regions sdmosruntouched. An assistant bishop was needed,and the other colonies c recognised this. The Bishop went on to ^observe that he felt inclined-to *«ay that, m the diocese ,of Perth had tremendous work to do, a new diocese might be mapped out up in the North-West, and third Bishop for the colony. The na-1 tires, as in a story he related, could say ! that they, had been waiting a long tims J for Christ's soldiers to comarto them, and they would he right, for they were taking a long time to carry the message to their unenlightened brothers. As for the South Sea Islands, they had never had enough money or clergy to send thither, and here again they could ima f;ine tho natives saying, '"You were a onetime coming, my white brother." However, a great Jubilee Mission- move- ment was being organised, and in Au- gust all the highest of the clergy from Australasia, and some from other parts of the world, were to assemble in Sydney with offerings from their people, who were going to make them as large as pos- sible. The Bishop of Perth would make the offering from the Perth diocese. It was a very desirable thing to have the children's contributions separate from those of the churches, and preparations were being.made to this end. ~íp. con- clusion, the Bishop urged them to re- member Christ's injunction to spread His Word "to the uttermost parts of the earth," and to help God's~work. 1 At 4.80, after the children's service, 'the Bishop of Tasmania lectured on the subject of "Mission Heroes." Dr. Mont- gomery said that they should not. re- strict'the term mission heroes to those few memorable workers of their own or the last few centuries, but they must go right back to the Old Testament and remember that every one of the old pro- phets was a hero. Every one of the great apostles was a great Christian hero of the early days'. What could be no- bler or higher than the work of the mis- sionary? It was absolutely Christ-like. The ideal of Christ must be presented to all people{^and the missionary had t« present this to various peoples whose ideals differed. Christ was of all races ; there was the difficulty. 'The Christian hero, the minister, had a whole field to himself to labour for good. The mis- sionaries' were the only philanthropists who went to an inferior race for the race's sake, 'and that alone, and not for Sersonal motives of any sort. As great, eroes as ever lived on earth were men of our own time time/ numerous great missionaries who had laboured in this hemisphere. There were, to commence, Bishops Selwyn and Patterson, than whom there could be no more dissimilar natures. Two men in England had heard Selwyn preach, and followed him. One, McKenzie, had gone to labour in East Africa, and Patterson, the other, had gone to the South Seas, where the association of him and Selwyn'had made their work famous. A' bishop ^who had died at his post was Bishop Steere, who had bis field in Zanzibar. Bishop Steere's life in a small volume was a wonderful record of the work, and he (the speaker) kept the volume, which was now out of print, to show that in the Church of Grod they had high and nonie intellects. Bishop ^Steere, -whose health was failing,- had been pressed to return to England, but hiB reply was "Africa may be a very poor place to live in, but it is an excellent place to die in." The church in Zanzibar now stood on the spot where once the slave market exist- ed, and the monument ' of the noble bishop's work was demonstrated by that. Another of the list was Bishop Bombas, who was now labouring amongthe Esqui nieaux in the Arctic Circle. He had not left his people for more than 20 years, when he attended a conference in Eng- land and then returned to the Arctic regions, and would die there, as he was over 70 years of age, one of their mission heroes. God alone knew the great heroes of our day, for men ivere performing work which never was made public. The Bishop next quoted from a book called "Finished Courses,*' which was publish- ed in the year 1865, which gave an ac- count of-the lives of the early mission- aries on the coast of Africa, and" vividly described the suffering endured by them on the Gold Coast, and told of 4fae*f right- ful mdrtelity among the devoted band of, missionaries «ad their wives. These faith- ful soldiers 'had worked for no praise from man, but had laid, down their lives for Christ's work. All the work of the great missionaries spoken of and many others showed that among the greatest men of our day were some of- those mis- sion heroes. The speaker concluded with a stirring appeal for sympathy and help in the mission field. Some people, he said, gave one hand only, but let them give their two hands. Let them not despise "the inferior» races, but try to teach those poor people the message they themselves had got. In the evening there was a very large congregation in St. George's Cathedral. The Lord Bishop of. Tasmania preached, taking as his text, "Tho . water that I shall give to bim shall be unto him a we'.) of water springing up into everlasting life" (St. John, iv., 14). The waters from. God's temple, he said, flowed from God's treasure house. Nothing could really check the river of God's grace. The river of God's righteousness, which was to spread over the whole earth, was banked up by parochial selfishness, which permit ted'no blessings to reach the dis- tant land ; that was blessing themselves, and not blessing others. Were men obey «ing Christ's command to spread the Gos- el of God's grace throughout the world ? Worldly men had often" died forjtheir own country, but nbt*for. an inferior' race. No superior race had ever helped an inferior race by sacrificing its wealth on the pure lines of benevo- lence. It was thus that Christ's people had such a vast field^for labour. Some abie persons would state, that Christ's soldiers" should eliminate dogma from their otherwise excellent work among the natives. It was only their dogma which took them there. ' It was tue spirit of Christ whichwas the force which started the river of nf e. The mis- sionary spirit had been far mofe active, and more men sent out during the last SO.years, than, at any previous period. The Church Missionary Society, in the last SO years, had sent more and abler men than during all the rest of the cen- tury. The . mission movement swelled (fvnr* dav -in mluiM. TK* ftnrmtr Wall waters bad passed unused, because there | were few to send to take the Water of Life to every human heart. The speaker proceeded to say that it- had been deter- mined to present an extra offering in order to utilise more fully the power of the Holy Ghost to their utmost means. The lowest sum to be raised in any dio- cese was £10,000, and that was Western Australia's portion. The money was to make up deficiencies in their present work and to spread the work in Austra- lia, New Guinea, Melanesia,' etc. After referring to the scheme and prospects, the Bishop exhorted every person to belo forward the work. 