THE HUMORIST. JOSH BILLING'S PHILOSOPHY. We allwuss dispize those whom we kant flatter. Men flatter tie improvident, but sel dom flatter the caushus. It is better to be kikt by a mule than to be praised by a fool. He who knows a grate menny trades iz sure to be master ov none. No man ever shouldered a ton yet, either bi the aid of tears or prayer. Man's pashuns make him more terrible than enny beast ov the dessert. Tou kan't make a man think accord ing to law; you may make him ackt so. There is no labor-saving invenshun that kompares with the eye ov the master. What a man gets unjustly is harder to hang onto than the hot end ov a poker. Thare iz a grate diffrense between a brave and' reckless man, and the two should not be konfounded. Children are constant anxiety. The only time we kan konsider them safe iz when they are fast asleep. Poverty is not dishonorable enny more than sickness iz; it is only the cauze ov it that may be dishonorable. One ov the most diffikult things in a man's karacter to judge ov is the aktual amount of happiness he is possessed of. Even the bees will rob a week hive ov its hunny; just so a week nation falls a victim to tne neighboring strong one. Happinness haz been defined so often and in so many different ways that I am allmost ov the opinion that it doesn't exist at all. The only way to find all about a man iz to set him on the top round of a ladder and then stand on and take a good square look at him. The best hits that hav ever been made hav been , made just as the boy hit the woodcock on the fly—bi picking up the fust stone he could find and letting diive without taking aim; and the boy and the woodcock, both, were astonished at the result. -Josh Billings. Friends of the two remember the quar rels that used to go on between the late Sir Bowland Hill and Anthony Trollope when they were both connected with the post-office. A discussion arose one day as to the meaning of "official" language and "private" language. "In official life," said Sir Bowland, glaring at Trollope, "I aih accustomed to describe myself as your obedient servant, whereas in real life you know very well that I am nothing of the sort!" A very nice and gentle curate, says Dean Hole, went to a Yorkshire parish, where the parishioners bred horses and sometimes raced them. He was asked to invite the prayers of the congregation for Lucy Grey. He did so. They prayed three Sundays for Lucy Grey.v On the fourth the clerk told the curate he need not do it any more. "Why?" said the curate, "Is she dead?" "No," said the clerk, "she's won the steeplechase!" This is a true ghost story of an uncon ventional kind. A young lady arrived late at night on a visit to a friend. She awoke in the darkness to find a white figure at the foot of the bed. While she watched the bed clothes were suddenly whisked off, and the apparition vanished. After an anxious, not to say chilly, night, the visi tor went down with little appetite for breakfast. At the table she was intro duced to a gentleman, a very old friend of the family, who had, she learned, alBo been sleeping in the house. He complained of the cold. "I hope you will excuse me," he said to his hostess. "I found it so cold dur ing the night that, knowing the room next to mine was unoccupied, I took the liberty of going in and carrying off the bed clothes to supplement my own." The room, as it happened, was not unoccupied, but he never learned his mistake. 