The Late Mr G. L. Hart Memorial Window. Unveiled at Indooroopilly Church Special interest was taken in the morning service at St. Andrew' Anglican Church, Indooroopilly, yesterday, the occasion being tho unveiling of the window placed in the building to the memory of the late Mr. Graham Lloyd Hart. There was a lurge attendance of worshippers, and tho nervicc was conducted by the rector, Rev. Thomas Jones, assisted by the Rev. Canon Matthews, of Sandgate, an old friend of tho late. Mr. Hart. The stained triass window, which was bidden by a curtain, won unveiled by tho Bishop of Brisbane. It has-b?oo placed just over tho altar, and contains as a central figure a representation of Jesus Christ with a crown of thorns in His hands, and holding in His arm a little child. Ou either side are two angles, each in an attitude of adoration and holding a scroll. A brass plate beneath tho window bear tho words, “In remembrance of Graham Lloyd Hart, an able nnd conscien tious chancellor, a generous parishioner, and a loyal and faithful servant of the church." On the window are the initials “I.H.S.” a verse of n hymn, and tho text, “Blessed are the pure in heart, for thoy shall see God." Iu drawing :isido tho curtain'; the bl-hop repeated the words, "To the greater glory of God and in rememberence of Graham Lloyd Hart, an able and conscientious chancellor, a generous parishioner, and a loyal and Faithful servant of the church. In rho name of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." After prayer, and tho slnginer of a hymn, tho bishop preached an appropriate and impressive ser mon, hie theuie boimr the bvquest left to those who live, in the present by r.hoio who have uono before. ThiS inheritance, h remarked, had been left in rho realms of mrience, philosophy, and mveutiou; but a deeper uspout of this truth was shown in tho lemicy of those whoso labours illustrated lofty idea, nnd who bad loft behind them an enthusiasm which could not din with them. Those living in the present day had inherited, so to speak, tho contagion from those who had gone before. Thoy hud micceedod to a measure of living, and had inherited what had been done before their timo by ilic iaith- ful and true. That was a legacy for which thoy ought to bo thankful. 