PAVEMENT PICTURES. A DAT 'WITH THE OHAIKB. So many weird storios of tho vast profits nottcd by pavement artists havo found tJicir way into print, that for my own satisfac tion (writes an artist correspondent in a con temporary) I determined to go in character and chalk pictures on the flngstones of West End London, to soo if fortune really lay in tlmt direction. Wo have all heard talc? of one man chalking a series of pictures in different paita of town, going hie rounds in a cab, and netting a royalty from each ' pitch,' presided over during the day by beggars incapablo of any artistic effort; hut those BtorieB novcr had any truth in them. Tho Artistic 'Ghost moves in higher circles than those of pavement pastclling. If wo may judge from the continued decadence of Pavement Art, tho profession is not so flourishing as it umrt to bo. Tho public sup port in ill;' the Old Masters who used to chalk, with an air of conviction, those old favourites of this al-freseo art— ttio uioubo gnawing a tallow candle stuck in a ginger beer .bottle, the half of a salmon, the storm at sea, and that especially popular example of pavement udinicry, tho plate of ham and eggs— are dead, and their successors are both aitloBS and lazy. So lazy indeed, or so labour saving, that they chalk their altogether in ferior efforts on cardboards, which they bring out every morning and take homo every night, instead of manfully uotting-to and working on tho stony-hoartod sidewalk day by day. The public havo not boon slow to notice this last dodge, and have withheld their coppers accordingly. Tho latest novolty as we have recently aeou, in this profession, is the Lady Pavement Artist— ' the only one,' as sho proudly announces; but whether she finds the reward sufficient to pay for the hard work is known only to herself. : THE PRELIMINARIES. For my own part, let things go never so badly, I should never seriously turn to seek the suffrages and tho halfpence of the way fayors' along the streets after the experi ences of my amateur day on the pavement In preparing for this expedition, the first duhculty,af tor ha vine purchased seven penny worth of assorted coloured ehulka, and tying them in n dilapidated duster, wa3 to find clothes disgracefully sbabby enough to dress tho character. In mere personal apnearanco there was no trouble whatever. Figuro to yourself a person under the best circum stances attenuated and lantern-jawed, and you will readily conceive that,going unshaven for a week, such an one. would look pitiful enough without tho looped and windowed raggedncss found and worn for the occasion. If ever a poor devil seemed to need your cop pers to keep him out of tho casual ward, tho ?writer looked such, and formed an object of interest to tho early morning policeman as ho shambled, with a boot and a half on his feet, and other garments to match, down Park !imo to Piccadilly, where the destined pitch lay. Tho ordinary pavement artist does not commence business so early. Ho keeps bankers' and civil nervants' hours, and puts in an :ippcaranco between ten and eleven o'clock. The amateur has, perforco, to leave homo before anyone is about, if ho would not have all his neighbour)) talking about him and drawing the mildest conclusion from the spectacle. So to Picccadilly before the day is well aired, and to rest and contemplation on a seat in tho Green Park at tho hour of 7.30 a.m., much to the'outspokcu disgust and contempt of certain British workmen going to breakfast, who opined that one had been thero »U night, and looked ia consequence like having 'slept in n field with the gate open.' A FEW PRACTICAL HINTS. It is by no means difficult to chalk the pavoi'jent into pictures. Given an even intone, first Oiirefully dusted, it forms, with chalks, an excellent and docile medium for blending colours. You do the chalking crudely rubh itdowrt with the palm of the hand and fiDgors into harmonies, and then putting in the last touches with pointed pieces of chalk of tho rc-]iiisilo colours. The technique of pave ment art in probably the easiest technique in the whole range of artistic effort. Take, for example, tho onco favourite subject wiUi thoso open-air pastcllists, and perhaps tho most popular with tho public— the mackerel. Nothing easier than to represent such a fish, fresh from the sea, with hie scales glistening his ' harmonies in silver, and black and blue '; nothing iB'so readily dono, except in deed, tho stoneware ginger beer bottle with a candle guttering down the sides of it, or tho simple but effective piece of streaky bacon, which you do with a judicious admixture of brown, rose-pink, yellow, and white. Only bear in mindtliat the critical public who flock round your gallery of popular art, and audibly; express their opinions (but are chary of parting with their pence), don't liko low tones. None of your impressionism or gauzy subtleties for them, go far as treat ment goes; while as for subject, you must be ' actual,' as the modern phrase has it, and if you can comment pictorially on the m -rn- ing napor in the most startling chnlks it is possible to buy, why then the admiring criticism of the butcher-boys - and all tho many varieties of street urchins will make you blush. (But they don't give you any thing.) A blood-boltered battlefield or horrid railway accident — no matter tho drawing so song as tho colouring is lurid— will alway draw a crowd; and sentiment, so long as you are careful to lay tho pathos on with a trowel, so to say, is great. Probably the most successful hits in pavement art arc tho harrowing things of tho domestic Benti mcntal sort— tho scries which show ' Tho Old Homo,' tho *' Prodigal Leaving Home, ' ' Tho Eeturn^His Mother's Gravo ' the ' Prodigal's End,' and so forth. 'MOVED ON.'' * Tho mistake the present writer made was ti-e very serious one of trying to do work above this level. Landscape and the picturesque are ' drugs ' hi tho open-air art market, Tho first series was chalked on the flagstones by the Green-park, and had not been completed when a half-penny rang on them; first fruits of public approbation. Then tho police interfered, ana art was ? gently and flrmly but etttl unmistakably— ' moved on.' The constable was kind and almost apologetic io the miserable-looking wretch ho bade go away. His inspector, ho paid, had forbidden tho use of tiiia pavement to pavement artists; ' but,' ho added, ' you can find a pitch at Hydo Park Corner,' and so, first carefully obliterating the pictures, I repaired to Umt busy pavement just by tho cab- rank, cheered somewhat by tho sym \wtl-e(.ic donation of a penny ot the hands of a woman hurrying, with little black bag, tu business Citywards. INCIDENTS OF THE BAT. No one hut tbo pavonient-artist can havo . any notion of how great the amount of dust ism London's streets. ~ Clearing a space, the pictures were nil chalked anow, with appro priate appeals to tho public, in the well known style: ' Many can help one,' ' I do this to earn my bread,' and eo forth; but tho dust had to bo continually brushed away anti the gallory touched up. Then annoying in cidents began to happen : a workman, stagger ing with drink, came and blinked with tipay gravity, 'Bloat if I couldn't dror bettor mcself ' said ho.j Tho criticism mattered little, but as he exhibited an inclination to fall down and go tosleop on tho despised plc turos,tho situation grew a. little alarming, tho* more eBpocially as one of thoso easily-amused street crowds began to -gather to seo the fun —if any-— while another crowd gathered round tho first, to ask what tho matter was. Then tho police came to tho rescue with their wel come ' Parse nway,' and- peace reigned. Then a passer-by, who looked Jiko a lawyer's clerk, stooped hurriedly down and. somewhat shamefacedly, so it Roomed, preened twopnncn in tho poor artist's hand. And that was tho last donation received that day, al though lliis unique exhibition was open until u lute liour in tho afternoon. ?-...A- BUOTHim,.AliTIST. There was another, fa ' brother artist ' ho porhnpa should W chllod) who liod a show close by. Ho wns a youngster of nhout 13. who appeared at about one o'clock, furious at tho sight of a now-co.oor on this, which seemed to bo at on* end of Mb daily pitch, i So he came, with abuse and horrid threats of extending his show on to niinp, and thus capturing all the public support. All these attacks had to bo received with the stoicism of an Indian fakir, for the very excellent reason that, if .my attempt had been mode U reply in the language of the streets, the wordy contest would very soon have revealed the amateur. This display of apparent in difference had its effect. From abuse, the boy presently changed to confidences. He did well, it would Bocui, however others might fare. Four shillings and sixpenco a day was his average. Probably his youth appealed to the sentimental public, while certainly what ho called tho ' 'orees 'cAdg ' ho drew badly and coloured vilely, brought him don ations from passing horsey men. But if he obtained all the public favours, thero was one crumb of comfort in the professional approval ho vouchsafed: ' Tor colour ain't) vrhatcher might call strong onuf ; but yer can dror. ' What bettor pleasing criticism could one— by profession a block and'white artist have than this. 7 llcsult of the day's adventure— fyA. loss on balance, a violent headache, and nearly a sunstroke from the heat radiated from the pavement, and a curious insight into a littlo understood industry. 