THE WIZARD OF WHITE r. CLIFFS. .-,i£ ' Lopyrlght. " STORY ©F THE DISCOVERY OF TflE auSTRaLIRN ©PHL FIELDS. -ff AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. " BY CAPTAIN LACIE. b . lK PART VIII. H wanot long after the arrival of the party:from Dolan Station that James"I5)rbes and his companion took their departure from the cottage. ' You/ll' not forget, Nora, what I asked you to promise me,' the manager whispered to the girl as he n« .«uuui to mount nis norse. . ' I'h mot. forget,' she answered. A. few '.moments later Forbes dis- appeared.jn the fringe of scrub which pleating amidst the general adiepsfcff -his friends, while Nora gazed/afr him with one of those lnscrutab looks which sometimes puzzled tjose who best knew her. That tight Captain Barrass read »or tiourto his friends from the books fought with him. He dwelt conSideribly on the indications of aurifero. argentiferous, and gem- nifereou| bearing areas. Opal de posits, particular seemed to have a fascinatbn for Allan Fitzgerald, for were no .his magic stones composed of opal, though not the precious sort. It wa. nearly midnight when the , party bpke up, and that was an un- usuallyhte hour for the. cottagers fco retire. Provision had been made to accomnodale the men at the bullock- d|ay. orer which a tent was spread, ajjd tbe.night settled down upon as contented and hopeful a" party as could & found in the universe. . At diylight— and that was only a , few- hours after midnight; — Captain Barras and Fitzgerald were astir, and :,an eaiiy breakfast was soon pjepared. "The old military man had consider able, aperience of sapping and mining during his active career, and he was eager to once again try his hand at dislodging rock and earth, but under less dangerous conditions. The granite cliff near the summit of Mount Pluto was the spot on which he had fixed his mind as most likely, i to yield the best results with the least labour. The mouldering granite was pierced with fissures and honeycombed with, small caves, and if properly located, one keg of the powder ex- : ploded should give good results. . The desire to see the destruction . wrought had almost as much to do with the captain's eagerness as the fact thalriches might be found. In fact, the probabilities in the latter direction were very renjs&ai-; still -there was fcdjT?evealing something. hour after sunrise Fitzgerald, ' tfie captain and his son, Nora, and two other men began the ascent, carrying the powder, picks, shovels, fuse, etc. The climb was not a very difficult one, and knowing the locality so intimately, Allan Fttzgerald was able to select the easiest path. In less 'than an hour the base of the curious y cliff was reached, and tiTSn th4work of selecting the most liable spot to place the charge was entered 7hpon. The formation ex tended half round the mount, and, in fact, occupied a considerable portion, of the summit. There appeared to be so many suitable firing points that the difficulty was in making a selection, and it was fully two hours before such / was obtained At length the captain discovered a/ spot almost hidden by the dense, vjgetation in which grew aroutt$f/Tf was in short a species of tunriel not unlike a huge wombat > hole. After going almost horizontal Sfor some twenty feet it turned to the jgft and dipped suddenly until a -nprow wedge-like location was reached between solid rock. > At this point the keg of powder w?s , placed with the long fuse attached and then every device known to the captain was adopted to prevent the force of the explosion working back ivand finding vent by the entrance. There, was very little fear . of that owing to the formation of the ground, but.in order not to lose any of the force no effort was neglected to ensure success. .. The task of firing the fuse was .undertaken by Captain Barrass, but. jpoidanger attegSed it. There Was in securing a safe MMpipffRness the explosion, for the cliff appeared to be in such a crumb- ling'fitate that there was no guessing what; the result o| a huge explosion might be on it. / At/length a- Supposedly secure position , was fpund by the captain about three hundred yards from the centre of the charge, and one from which an excellent view could be obtained. % . It was not without trepidation that Nora Fitzgerald -awaited the firing of Jhe charge. The explosion of a gun was the strongest effect of gunpowder she had eveffitnessed, but ..she was now to behold the power of the old monks' invention on a much grander scale As f(Tr her father, he regarded the aitempt/with his customary stoical indifference! So far as he could read ' his oracle there was little chance of fortune coming to him in the way that Captain Barrass intended it should. Nevertheies&Mhe; experiment might prove interesting. It was prospecting ;V, -wlcs nn a gigantic scale, and that OjRhbre than ten minutes / V'-iy man left the party to fire the charge -that he was seen -running towards them with all the" speed he was capable.. A : hush fell upon the spectators, and as. Barrass reached , them, puffing and- out .of breath with the unwonted exertion/ the ground seemed to shake beneath their feet, and the cliff appeared to rise as a deafening report thundered out. The air was filled with flying rocks and debris. Evidently : the charge had been well placed. For quite a; minute after the first great explosion rocks and portions of cliff came crashing down in various places. Indeed, it was soon - found that the place of refuge where the party stood was scarcely safe. Pieces of the crumbling . wall fell almost at their feet, and at length they had to beat a hasty retreat further down the mount. AU were eager to make an examina tion of the shattered cliff, and almost before it was safe the party went back. Charles Barrass attached himself to. Nora, - for there was considerable danger in climbing about amongst the dislodged rocks, some of which might at any moment subside into the cavernous depths which existed. The destruction of the cliff was extra ordinary, and Captain Barrass quickly came to the conclusion that it was not alone the keg of powder which had done the havoc. He rightly con cluded that some explosive gases must have. been fired by the ignited powder, and that reflection caused him to warn the explorers' hot to use matches or lights of any description in their search. In fact, he mentally con gratulated himself that none of the party had been injured |or killed,, for if bis conjecture regarding explosive gases were correct, the whole side of the mount might have been blown out by their agency, and death instead of fortune might have overtaken the prospectors. The search route taken by Nora and young Barrass was on the extreme western side of the cliff, as1 there the exploration seemed to be easier. The girl was a good climber, as she had .plenty of practice in that line,' and soon the pair were clambering amongst the debris in the vain hope of picking up ingots of gold or caskets of gems. In places the half- broken undergrowth torn and mutilated by the explosion was difficult to pass, and occasionally the two became separated by the. walls of vegetation which intervened. It was on one of these occasions that a sudden call from Barrass, who was in advance and near the summit of the mount, caused Nora to push along with all speed. Her first im pression was that her young friend had met with an accident, her second he must have made a valuable dis covery. In less than half a minute she reached Barrass, who was pointing in an excited manner towards some rocks which almost crowned the sum mit of the peak. ' A strange-looking man/ Miss Nora, has just run behind yonder rocks. He does not belong. Jo our. party, but perhaps you may;:know him,' the captain's: son hastily ex plained. . - 4 Is he white?' quickly asked the girl. 4 Certainly ; but clad little better than an aboriginal. He tried to avoid my seeing him, I - think. There are no bushrangers here abouts that I know of,' he con cluded. . - A vague suspicion began to fill the girl's mind which quickly took shape. Her father was not more than ,a hundred r yards off, but. wholly absorbed in his . mineral search. With a low cry Nora attracted his attention and beckoned him to her. With rapid steps the old man came up full of expectancy and quite unprepared for the narra tive told him. 1 Let us make a Search, an' sure that'll settle all our" doubts,' spoke Allan, after a short survey. Both the men and- the girl were armed, though none of them feared violence," and in a few minutes they reached the first of the outcropping rocks and began the examination. Keeping together so as to prevent a surprise, the trio went from rock to rock until the extreme summit. of the peak was reached, and they were able to see down: a portion of the southern declivity. If Charles Barrass had seen any one there who wished to escape observation, there was no doubt !the person would seek refuge by cross ing the peak. This knowledge caused the three to make a keen survey of every object within sight, and it was while doing so that a figure which he well knew crossed the line of Allan Fitzgerald's vision. ' Glory be to God !' he vehemently exclaimed. ' Look beyant I If that isn't Abel Sutchffe 'tis his ghost !' In response to the exclamaton Nora and Barrass turned, and as they did so, caught a glimpse- of a wild- looking man in the act of disappearing in the dense jungle which fringed the brow of the mount about three hundred yards below where- they stood. The girl was deathly pale, but scarcely more so'than her father, who stood rigid as a statue staring below and uttering something inaudible. Charles Barrass was not so much affected, for the story of Abel Sutcliffe concerned him but little. - He had heard of the : manV death in the ordinary way, but not knowing him, the event, tragic as it -was, passed out of his: mind as many another item of such news" had -done. The re appearance of the supposed dead man had a double significance for Nora. It showed that the glimpse of the face which she had caught sight of at the aboriginals' camp was not a delusion, but what most troubled her. was the effect which that announcement had on the man who had asked her to be his wife. She could not banish from her mind a vague and horrible sus picion which began to shadow it, though she strove to do so. Abel Sutcliffe, you say ?' spoke Barrass, breaking the silence. ' Of course you don't mean that poor fellow who lost his life in the Black- Range some. time ago.' .. . .-V Troth then I do. ,'Tis. no other Abel Sutcliffe I know,' -/responded Allan Fitzgerald, after a long pause, and speaking slowly. . ; ' " Barrass' looked puzzled, as/ well he might. 4 1 don't quite understand,' he began. 1 You" believe the poor fellow did not lose his life at the spot, I suppose. Yet if that were so, why. did — or why does— he riot "return to his friends?' questioned the young man. . /.;/ r -v. . ' His friends ?' repeated thev Irish- , man. ' 'Tis few of thira I think he Had. His woife didn't act properly, but.betwane us 'tis a, subject best left 'alone. If Abel isn't mad altogether, I don't understand why he should live wid black crathurs, . though,' vaguely answered Allan. By this time Captain Barrass and the two station-hands had reached the group, and they listened with .wonder to the story. , ,v ' If three of . you saw the fellow, there can't surely be any mistake,' spoke the captain. ; 4 The best thing we can do is go in pursuit and get to. the bottom of the mystery. We have about six hours of daylight yet,: and may be able to drop on the poor fellow. Let's make a start. I'll take the west side with Ted and Jack here, while you three enn come round by. yonder gully. That's the best Way I can see to dispose our forces,! hastily concluded the captain in a decisive tone. Fitzgerald, now roused from the peculiar apathy which had seized upon him, quickly responded to the in vitation, and seeing that the plan proposed, by. .Barrass was the best under the circumstance's, he did not attempt to suggest anything else. Let u's- meet at yonder granite peak, and two shots fired in quick succession will be the signal for either party that, something important has. been discovered. - Gome along, lads,' commanded the captain. As Barrass and his'two companions filed away down towards the western slope of the. jungle, Fitzgerald, with bis daughter and the captain's son, took the opposite route. By that method the two parties would be able to make an exhaustive search of the belt of timbered country which faced them and ran down to the glen at the base of the mount. The old bushman well ' knew that if the mysterious fugitive really wished to escape his pursuers it would not be an easy task to capture him. Nevertheless, the quest was one which pleased him. To Be Continued. 