THE MAGIC CAMEO; or, Clifford Faxton's Mascot. By Mrs 6. Sheldon AnthoreBB of "The Masked Bridal,. " The Little Marplot," &o.;) CHAPTER XLHI. cliff's father. Maria, evidently, was not far away, for Elie entered the room almost im mediately after the ringing of Squire Talf«d's bell, beunng the box in her paused, after closing the door, and glanced inquiringly at the squire. ' -Give it to him," he said, with a nod toward Clilf, and Maria placed it iu his hands, alter which she walked quietly from the room again. Clitt was deeply moved and his hands tremblod visibly as ho untied the cord rliat- held the cover in place and re moved it. ilo merely glanced at- the letters us lie took them out; but seized the iolded parchment with an .eagerness which betrayed how anxious . he was to learn the identity of the man nho had married and deserted his mC removed the pin that held the two papers together and unfolded the ; topmost one, which proved to be the marriage certificate. A1. Me searched it eagerly tor the name he wanted and a perplexed look swept over his lace as he read it: "YV. F. T. Wilton." \V. F. T. Wilton," he repealed thoughtfully. well, it does not enlighten me very much, bub it at least assures me that my mother was a legal wile, which is oi more consequence than anything else. What do tho initials 'W. F. IV stand fur?" William Faxton Temple," briefly replied his companion, and regarding him with a peculiar look. At first tho name did not seem to mean much to Clilf. Then all at once he started erect, a iernbie shock galvanising him from 1 head to loot as his mmd flew back 'to | his first summer in the mountains, where ho had met tho wealthy banker, Wiiliain F. Temple, and his iamiiy; as ho recalled also his interview with the man on tho morning alter Minnie -Tem ple's rescue, when ho had been so strangely moved upon learning his own uiune. . - "But it cannot be possible,' lie mut tered, repudiating the thought almost as soou as it had taken iorin in Ins inind. . .... "What cannot be possible ?" inquired the squire. 'Way, I know a man hero in Wash ington by the name of William F. Tem ple and it struck mc as an odd coinci dence, that is all," Clilf explained, but with clodded eyes. "Well?" said the squire, but with such a peculiar intonation that i-iiff started again. "You cannot mean — surely it cannot be possible that he is the man you re- ler to — your half-brother!" he cried, breathlessly. " Yes, ho, and no other, is the man,' was the emphatic response, " " only lie has found it convenient to drop the name of Wilton." "But are you sure? Have you met this man who calls himself William F. Temple? Do you know that lie is your brother?" " Yes, 1 am sure — wo have mot and recognised oacli other, greatly to lus coniusion. I oould take my oath as to his identity aud that he is the man. who married. Belle Abbott more than twenty-three years ago, though I am sure fie has never dreamed of your ex istence, for you were born eight mouths after he had deserted your mother,' and she told me that , he had no know ledge of the fact that he was likely to become a iather. They were living in Chicago at that time, and when she lound herself forsaken, with nothing to buy lood and luel, she immediately sought employment and. worked most diligently to lay by for the coming emergency. She said she was too proud to go home to be a burden upon her parents, after going away from them m the way she did; she hoped that you might both die when the supreme trial came, for that would settle every thing, with little trouble to anyone. But when she found herself the mother of a vigorous boy, and unable to earn enough to support you both in that over-crowded city, she was obliged to return or seo her child suffer for the necessaries of life; she reasoned if she could but have a roof to cover her, without paying an exorbitant rent, she could earn enough for other needs. 1 have told you ol; the bitter blow that awaited her on finding those she loved gone, and you know how she lived after that. She called herself by the name of Faxton and named you Clifford, for your grandfather, Abbott. She said you should never be- known by tho name of Wilton, and as the population of Now Haveu was constantly chang ing and her home wns on the outskirts of tho city, she hoped to keep your identity a secret and your- young life unhampered by any knowledge of the great wrong of which your father had been guilty. Sho never heard one word troin her husband, and she final ly came t0 the conclusion that he must be dead. I also shared that belief, for f was pretty sure that if he was alive and needed money ho would make .somo enort to got liis share of his mother's property; but four years ago last sum mer we suddenly ran across each other cn a train between New York and Al bany " " jj-' sharply interposed Cliff, and did you tell him of my - exist ence ?" Y'o.u may bo sure I didn't. I uovor meant that anyone should know that here was any tie of kinship between you and me," replied the squire, with some asperity. "At first Bill pretended nc>t- know me" he resumed uith a cunning smilej "but I very soon brought bun down from his high norse and convinced him that I knew He was dressed like a nabob ml told mo that ho had become rich i enevju told me that I was welcome i , that our mother left and that _i shuld nover give me any trouble share of it; but I supposed 1 „ a kind of bribe for me to lot u'oiic, and, as I'd come to look thing as belonging to me, I mfi ?? 8"'e him a wide berth W u t get into an expensive h;,„ OT0r tho matter. I never met j a&ua; until the day you took your at Harvard-bah! I did not iu to let that cat 'out- of the bag!" in-; ?aa interposed, with a shrug of ..tmn and flushing hotly. ' I knew you were there," Cliff Binof rturned. "I observed you al- vnnr 80011 as enteredrthe hall, and I f«ni t0881100 was a great inspiration — it . 1 .owe. you a great deal for it." piration repeated his com- wonderingly. cr!t;es; . knew you had come to had fi ascertain for yourself if I thiYmni011 ' 8 to work my own fray crtwlifnM ch®£e and acquit myself vomWfwi' i the knowledge proved a for me. Sub yon meeting «e ahout your second meeting with Mr. Temple." wlmW -,rai! against him and his rjn.nJ il' Just as I was leaving the and «?' hey_ were a stunning party, as r uarmage and horseB as fine tooW um? ? 0416 to see- ih nearly ln«Li - hreath away to see me— he i thomd. -ll had met a ghost, "fth neither of as let on that one the other," the squire explained. And that man is my father 1— yon have taken my breath away by the revelation, said Cliff, with an air of bewilderment and a sadden sense of re pulsion in view of the fact. " However, 1 . have no desire, to lay claim to any such relationship? Do you know where he went and how he made his' money after he deserted my mother?" I y® been told that he ' struck ' pay gravel in some Western mines; then i went to San Francisco, where he set up as a .banker, got into society there and served one or two terms as mayor , of the city and met his present wife: who was a rich widow by the name of \V entworth — and married her there. I learned this from a San Francisco man whom- I met when I .first came to \\\ashmgton," the squire returned. "When— how long ago was he mar ried to this woman?" Cliff questioned, ' with a violent start. "I'm sure I' don't know — I haven't felt interest enough in their, affairs to | make any inquiries about the matter," ' said the squire, indifferently. "I re member when I met him on that trip . to Albany I told him that all the folks at home were gone. He said he knew ' it — he'd kept himself posted ; so I sup- : pose he must have married this woman ! after that." j But Cliff . had grown deathly pale i while he was speaking, ior his mmd ! had been working rapidly, j "No— no; great heaven!" he exclaiui- I ed. "T am sure he must have married her before ' my mother died !" "What's that?" exclaimed the squire, aud now all ou the alert, while a mali cious gleam flashed into his eyes. " Yes, I am sure of it— oh! tho shame of it!" groaned Cliff, in deep distress, " and that dear, sweet child, Minnie, who is,, of course, my half- sister, has no legal right to the name she bears ; neither has her proud- spirited mother. What a .wretch that man lias been!" "Hold on, my boy — don't- go so fast," interposed his companion, with con siderable excitement. " What is all this lament about ? — explain what you mean." "You have said that you have seen Mr. Temple'6 whole family; then' of course you know that he has a beauti ful little daughter about eleven years : old " : "His child by this second marriage? — are you sure?" exclaimed the squire, breathlessly. "Yes; her name is Minnie Temple." "Ha! I had never given a thought to the girl nor her possible age. But if what you say is true, I have lived to see him bitterly punished," and the man chuckled maliciously. "Ah, yes, he must long have felt that a sword was hanging over his head," Cliff gravely observed. "Let me see; I met the family in the White Mountains during the vacation after my . first year - at college. Minnie was then five years old ; more than five - years have elapsed since then, so she must be between ten and eleven now, and my mother died ten years ago last August," ho concluded, with a look of keen pain in his eyes. " And that proves Madam Temple to be no legal wife and the child illegiti mate. Bill Wilton was a fool over to show liis face this side of the Rockies again — it's a true saying, 'give a rogue rope enough and he'll hang himself.' We'll fix him now, though _ I never dared to hope for such a - triumph as this," said the squire, with another chuckle that actually made Cliff's flesh creep. " Oh, don't!" ho exclaimed, with mingled disgust and distress. "Don't!" repeated the man in a tone of astonishment. "Don't you want to see a rascal like that brought to jus tice? I do. His whole life has been one long story of selfish indulgence and crime." "I am not thinking of him at all," said Cliff, sorrowfully, "but of- the in- uoceut ones who have been so deeply wronged by him — that lovely woman and her sweet child— — " "How about yourself?" snapped the" squire. "You have your lights." Cliff crested his head proudly. "I am at least honourably born and my dear mother was a legal wife. As sured of that, 1 aiu not disturbed about myself, as for as Mr. Temple is concerned. I have fought my way thus far, aud I shall go still higher, without ' extorting anything from him." "But you surely will demand that he shall do the fair thing by you in the disposition of his property?" "No!" cried Cliff, in a tone of scorn ful repudiation. "I would nover claim kinship with such man, and I want none of his gold. "But"— a wistful ex pression creeping into his eyes and ..mopping into a musing tone — "I could love that dear ohild — my little half- sister — very tenderly if I might be al lowed to. I have always felt a sort of proprietorship iu her ever since the day that I went over that precipice after lier — somehow she has seemed to be long to me in a way, though I little imagined that I was rescuing my own sister from a terrible death " "Death! — 'rescue!'" repeated the squire, wonderingly, "what are you talking about, Cliff?" The young man looked up with a smile and shook himself. " I was dream ing of the past and hardly realised that I was spenkiug aloud," he said. Then ho described the event with which wo are already familiar, while the man listened attentively, his eyes fastened upon the manly young face, while a look of wonder grew in his eyes as he began to comprehend the heroism of the deed." "And you did that! you went over that precipice and down a hundred feet on a rope and back again, the same way, with that child on your back!" he demanded in astonishment when Cliff concluded. "Of course — there was nothing else to be done." "Weren't you afraid?— you must > have known that- you were liable to, lose your head, fall and be dashed to atoms on the rocks below." "Well, I knew there was a risk,- of course ; but I did not stop to think about being afraid. I should have gpne, just the same, if I had known I should fall — I could not leave that child there without making an effort to save her," was the grave reply. "Well, that makes another! ejacu lated the squire, thoughtfully. "Another what?" questioned Cliff, who did not catch his companion's meaning. "Another deed to be proud of, was the hearty but' almost involuntary re sponse. It was now Cliff's turn to look as tonished—and he was beyond measure — for it was the first time he had ever heard a word of genuine commenda tion from the man's lips. " Thank, you, Bir," he earnestly re turned. , , "Humph!" grunted the squire, as it half ashamed of having betrayed so much weakness; "so you don't appear to be very much .elated over the fact that you are the sole heir to William Faxtou Temple'B millions?" , " No, sir ; I do not want a penny oi hie money," was the spirited reply, "and I should never— under any cir cumstances — attempt to prove myself his heir, or entitled to bear his Mime. My mother named me Clifford Faxton. and while I live I will bear no other. "Well, I must say, you are mighty in different about your rights; and you do not seem to grasp the fact either tnat, as my nephew, there is a possibility that you may inherit something hand some from me one of these davs, ' and the man regarded him curiously as he said this. Cliff flushed again. 1"I had not thought of 8uch(a thing, I assure yon," he said, coldly. "Of ooorse I cannot help the fact that a I certain relationship exists between us ; £ut. I do not want your property, squire Talford — I don't want any man's money." "Oh, you don't! It strikes me that you are mighty independent, and per haps may live to regret assuming such airs," snapped his companion, in evi dent irritation. Then he added, mali ciously: "But then, I forgot lor the moment that you are expecting to marry a fortune — I am told that Miss Heathcrford is a rich girl." Cliff was secretly furious at this spiteful thrust ; nothing but his res pect for the man's age and weakened condition kept him from voicing a scathing retort. "Miss Heatherford's property will be settled exclusively upon herself before she becomes my wife," he merely re plied, with an air of dignity that sat well upon him. "I have no desire to build myself up upon the foundation of another. From my earliest boyhood I have been conscious of something within me that was bound to rise, and if I have my health, I have no' fear that- I shall not be able to make for myself a name and position of which neither I nor iny . friends will be ashamed." '.'Humph!" grunted the squire again; but he shot a look at the fine face op posite him that had an unwonted gleam of respect in it. "You remarked a while ago," Cliff resinned, after a moment of silence, "that you believe Mr. Temple is un aware of the fact that he has a son. I am confident you are mistaken. 1 am quite sure that he knows that I am his son, although he evidently thinks that I am ignorant regarding my relationship to him." He then described ' his first meeting with Mr. Temple a Yew days after Min nie Temple's accident, and how agi tated tho man had been upon learning of his name, and the fact that he had been bound to Squire Talford for four years. The Squire smiled grimly „as he con cluded : "Well, it does look us if he had au inkling 0f the truth, that's a fact," he said, "and he must have had quite a shock at . the time — he couldn't hare felt over and above easy, I'm thinking, especially since I came to Washington. I don't see that it has done much good telling you this story," he went on moodily, "except that perhaps it has set your mind at rest about your ori gin. I don't suppose I should, ever have told it if it hadn't been ior Maria — she was bound that you should know the truth, and, on the whole, 1 am not sorry it is over with." Cliff made no reply to these remarks — lie felt they called for none — but busied himself with gathering up his papers aud replacing them in their box, his companion regarding him curiously while ho did 6o. CHAPTER XLIV. FATHER A til) sell." Wheu he hod arranged everything iu an orderly manner, Cliff tied the cover on tne box, alter which he arose to go. "i am very glad that we have had this explanation, Squire Talford," he tkoughtiully remarked, "for I never could understand why I was such un object of aversion to you. I sincerely regret that 1 should have been the in nocent. cause of so much discomfort to you; but let me say now, as it is probable we shall never meet again alter you leave Washington, that you need give yourself no uneasiness for the iuture, for no one shall ever learn from me the relationship that exists be tween us." "Humph! aud you really mean, too, that you will never tell your father that you have learned you are his son and can prove the fact?" "Never. I have no wish ever to meet the man again," Cliff returned with decision. "Supposo he should some day ap proach. you upon the subject?" "That is a different matter, though I tli ink it is not a supposable case; lie lias too much at stoke to care to agi tate so serious a subject," said Cliff. Then, as if lie wished to dismiss it en tirely, he added, with his genial smile, "I hope our long talk has not wearied you, and that you will continue to im prove as rapidly as I am glad to see you have been doing during the last few days." "Yes, I am getting along finely, and we ure going home tlie first of next week," the squire observed, but with his eyes downcast in a thoughtful mood. "Ah! I was nob aware you had set the day ; but no doubt you will bo far more comfortable in your pleasant home at Cedar Hill. I trust if/there is anything I can do for you in a busi ness way, or otherwise, before you go, you will command me. Now, as 1 have an engagement, I must go. Good night." "Good night," briefly returned the man, but without looking up, and Cliff quietly left the room. He met Maria iu the hall. "Wal, you've got it," she observed, aud glancing significantly at the box in his hands. "Yes, thanks -to you, my faithful friend. I feel that I owe you a great deal, first and last," the young man re plied in a grateful tone; "and the squire tells me you are going home next week." . "I guess there ain't no call for you to feel overburdened," said the woman, swallowing hard to keep a sob from choking her, as she thought of the coining separation, "I never had to ask you twice to do anything for me even when you was a boy; _ you was al ways careful about making trouble, you never made any litter bringin' wood — you never got any ashes on the 'floor when you made the fire in the mornin', iand you always had a pleasant word for. me when other folks were cross'n two sticks. I don't forget them things, I can tell you." "And I am sure I have just as many pleasant memories. You were always very kind to me, Maria," said CIS. Then, as he saw she was almost ready to weep, he added, with a laugh, "Oh, those turnovers and doughnuts that fou used to tuck into my basket when had to take my dinner to school on stormy winter days were things a boy could never forget! I believe nobody can make such doughnuts as yours, Maria — really, my moutli" waters for one this very moment." "She! — now you're giving me taffy," the woman retorted with on answering laugh ; but her face flushed with sure at his tribute nevertheless. The next morning Squire Talford busied himself with writing a somewhat lengthy epistle, which, after addressing it, he directed Maria to post imme diately. , Mrs. Kimberly was not above glancing at the .superscription as sho went out and- nodded significantly as she read the name "William Futon Temple, Esq.," for she' had recently seen the name, with another added, in the old family Bible at home. She, therefore, had a shrewd suspicion that the contents of that envelope related to matters of. grave importance that were closely connected with Cliff. She looked even more -wise when, that same evening, the maid who waited upon the door handed her a card and told her a gentleman was in the par lour and wanted to see Squire Talford, for one glance at the bit of pasteboard had revealed the same name that she had seen on the letter which she had posted that morning. ' . . The squire told her to show him up immediately, and the two men were closeted together for more than two honrs. ....... . , "When the visitor left, Maria, who. -r course, was on the alert, observed thai j he was deathly pale,- and that he walked unsteadily, Cke one who had received a severe blow or had suddenly aged. "So that's the man; wal, the day o' judgment has come for him at last! The way of the transgressor is hard," sho "muttered gravely to herself. The next afternoon, shortly before leaving his office, Cliff received the fol lowing note:: — "Will Mr. Clifford Faxton have the kindness to call this evening about nine o'clock) at No.' 54 st. ? A matter of great importance is the excuse for the request. Very respectfully, "WILLIAM F. TEMPLE." ' Cliff was somewhat appalled as he read this, and readily understood that Squire Talford had taken matters into his own hands, and was determined to compel the man whom he hated to make all possible restitution, for the wrong that he had done in his youth. "His whole soul arose in rebellion as he read the formal note, and his first impulse was to pen .a curt refusal to comply with the writer's request. He had hoped that he need never meet the man again now that he had learned who and what he was; this man, devoid of all honour, who, ac cording to his owu written statement, had deliberately set himseff to win tne love of a pure aud iuuoceut girl, just out of a spirit of rivalry with ins brother, aud th6u, as soon as he had become weary of his toy, he had re morselessly broken her heart by desert ing her, and leaving her in a strange city to fight the desperate battle of life alone. His contempt for the man was be yond the power of expression, es pecially when he "thought of how he had daringly ignored all moral and civil law by marrying another without taking any pains to ascertain whether his first victim was still living, aud thus had entailed upon the second wife and her child irrevocable shame and sorrow. Of course he understood that motives j of revenge alone had prompted Squire Talford to precipitate matters in this way — that he would gloat over this op portunity to pay off, in a measure, the old scores which he had nursed for st> many years, and his scorn for him was little less than that for this more dar ing and reckless brother. But after giving the matter . some serious thought, aud revealing that a meeting between himself and Mr. Temple was bound to occur sooner or later, he decided to comply with his re quest, boldly declare the attitude winch '\e intended to maintain toward lnm. and thus settle the matter for all time. Accordingly the hour designated — nine o'clock — found him standing upon the marble stops of Mr. Temple's pala- ..c« ringing for admittance. ' \ A dignified butler admitted him to a reception room, and took his card to his master. He reappeared very shortly with a request from All-. Temple that he would kiudly step into the library. As Cliff followed the man through the spacious hall he could not fail to ob serve everywhere the numerous evi dences of great wealth, and the ex quisite taste displayed in the choice of furnishings, pictures, bric-a-brac, etc., and a pang of bitterness, mingled with righteous indignation, smote his heart aa he recalled how his dear mother had toiled and struggled to eke out a miser able existence. As he entered the luxurious library' and the servant withdrew, closing the door after him, Mr. Temple came for ward to greet him with extended luuid, but with au almost colourless face and unsteady step. "We have met before," he said, "we need no introduction " "That is true, Mr. Temple," Cliff ob served, as the man faltered, while he gravely met his glance but ignored his proffered hand, "and while I would have iriuch preferred — since learning from Squire Talford yesterday of the relations existing between us — that we need never meet again, it has seemed best to me to respond to your request aud come to some definite understand ing regarding our attitude toward each other in the future." Mr. Temple had grown red and white by turns during this formal speech, and his eyes wavered and fell beneath the clear, direct look of the young man before him. He felt deeply humiliated in the pre sence of his unacknowledged son — uson whom he realised any father might be proud to own. "I comprehend," he _ saiu after a moment of awkward silence, "you re fuse to take the hand of the man who you feel has deeply wronged both your self and your mother; you perhaps have no desire to recoguiso any tie of kinship between us." "You are right, sir," Cliff briefly, but positively deolared. Mr. Temple flushed again, but bowed a grave acquiescence to his decision. "Will you be seated?" he remarked, and indicating a chair near the ono he had been ocoupying when Cliff entered. "I will not presume to question the jus tice of the attitude yon have chosen to adopt; at the same time there are some matters regarding which I wish to consult you." Cliff took the seat designated, and Mr. Temple resumed his own. "We might as well come straight to the point," the gentleman began, but with white lips aud averted eyes, for he had never been as conscious 'of his owu littleness of soul and lack of man liness as at -that moment in the pre sence of his son, whom he recognised as infinitely his superior iu every re spect. "I spent a couple of hours with Alfred Talford last evening, and he told me of his interview with you, and also gave me the history of your life. Since this conference must necessarily be mostly one of confession, I may as well state plainly at the outset that I never really loved your mother. She was a bright, handsome girl, and I was tem porarily attracted toward her, while a spirit of devilry prompted me to try to make her prove false to Alf., be tween whom and myself there had al ways existed a feeling of jealousy and rivalry. How well I succeeded you" already know. I completely mesmerised the girl into believing that her exis tence depended upon me, and per suaded her to dope with me, _ leaving her discarded lover to bear his disap pointment as best he conld. We went West, but I soon grew, weary of my un loved wife. Perhaps I could have borne our relations better if we had been prosperous ; but after the money I had taken with me had given out, and I knew I would not be likely to get any more out of the estate while my mother lived, I had hard luek — I did not get business that amounted to any thing, and every day was a struggle for a meagre existence. Belle hadto work hard to help along, and so had no time to spend upon pretty toilets to make herself attractive as before our marriage, while anxiety and disappoint ment stole all her colour and beauty. I stood it as long as I could, and then I made up my mind to bolt. I give you my word of honour that I never dreamed of her condition. I had not the remotest suspicion that she was likely to heeome a mother." "Pardon, Mr. Temple," Cliff here interposed, a look of mingled pain and aversion sweeping over his face, "pray, spare yourself and me a . reHearsal of that — I have in my possession the let ter which you wrote my mother at that time, and it needs no elucida tion." .-r '"Very well," the man curtly ob served, though he shrank visibly, as he realised how: utterly contemptible he must- appear in the eyes of his son if be had read the cruel lines he had ..ritten. "On leaving Chicago I dropped my last name, Wilton, and called -myself Temple. I drifted into a mining district of Colorado, where, after a time, I made a lively strike, and in a few years became indepen dently rich. _ Then, as 'I did not like the rough Ufe of a miner and craved better society, I 'sold out and went to San Francisco, where I established my self as a banker." "Did no sense of responsibility make you feel that you ought to make some provision for the"" wife you had left after you became so prosperous?". Cliff here inquired. "Well," replied Mr. Temple, with a restless movement, "I supposed she had gone back to her own folks, and, as Mr. Abbott was doing a good business when she left home, I imagined she jfould be well provided for, while I wanted to keep dark. I was perfectly willing that all my own acquaintances at the East should believe me dead. I knew my mother was dead, for I had read a record of it, having ordered a New Haven paper sent to a certain ad dress after 1 "went- to San Francisco, and there was nobody else in that re gion that I cared anything about. Later I became interested in politics, made myself popular, and served two terms as mayor of the city. Then" — he paused aud swallowed hard, while his face became drawn and pinched with pain — "I met my present wife, who was a wealthy widow with one son and visiting some friends in the .city, and I fell really in love for the first time m my life, and — and my affection for her has strengthened with every passing year. You doubtless wonder now I dared to marry her without pro curing a divorce from Belle. I admit it was a bold and risky thing to do; but l knew I had no grounds for a divorce — that if 1 should attempt such a measure very likely I should tail, for I felt very sure that Alf. must hate me to that extent that he would spare nothing to thwart any plan of that kind. I told myself that I was prac tically dead to all who had known me I earlier in life — that it would be better for me not to arouse sleeping dogs, who would be likely to blight all the dearest hopes of my life; the con tinent was between us, and us I had changed my name, it seemed more than probable that I could live out my life without the fear of being molested by any one. So I boldly won the woman I loved, and resolutely silenced every iear for the future. In less than a year my little daughter, Minnie, was born, and then for a while I confess 1 experienced some uneasiness on her ac count; but a year later that, all vanished, when one day I read in my New Haven paper of the death of Mrs. W. F. T. Wilton, and knew that utlast I was free. I told myself that now I' could enjoy life to the utmost — my past was a sealed book. I felt as if 1 had been released lrom a terrible bon dage, and lived accordingly. . We had the entree of the best society, ' an al most ideal existence was ours, and yet, even then, occasionally there would be forced upon my consciousness the fact that my wife had no legal right to the position she occupied, and that my idolised child was "Oh, I beg you will not speak like that of that innocent child!" Cliff here broke forth, with a note of keen pain .in his tones. "It is wholly unnecessary to rehearse all that "to me." "Yes, yes, I suppose it is," Mr. Tem ple assented, as he shook himself roughly as if arousing himself from a disagreeable dream, "and I hardly know why I have allowed myself to go so into details. Well, the greatest mis take of my life was made when I yielded to Alls. Temple's persuasions to come East and settle, so that her son could be educated at Harvard — and, by the way, it seemed like the mockery, of fate -that you two should have been in the same class. At first I objected to the plan, for I, of course, felt- safer to be three thousand miles from the scenes of my youthful es capades, aud I was still ambitious for political honours, in spite of the fact that my own party had been deleated in the last elections ; but her heart was so set on the project that I finally gave up the point. We accordingly went to Boston, and a little later 1 purchased a fine estate in Brookline, which has been our home ever since. Mind you, during all this time I had never dreamed of your existence. My first intimation of the fact that I had a son was that morning when I sought you to express my gratitude to you ior having saved the life of my little daughter. The moment I looked into your eyes I was conscious that- there was something strangely familiar about you, and when you told me that your name was Clifford Faxton it Beemed as if the earth was slipping out from underneath me. I knew the truth then, for your mother had often said that if she ever had a son she would name him Clifford, for her father; and I . understood that she had re frained from giving you your true sur name because she wished to keep from you the knowledge of who your father was. I have learned all about her life after she returned to New Haven, and also her history from Squire Talford. I know what you have had to meet and overcome, and that you have steadily and resolutely risen above every ob stacle. I realise the fact that you are a young man, mprally and intellec tually, of whom any man might feel proud as a son, and yet, sitnated as I am. you can readily see that such a recognition would entail- — — " "I beg that you will give yourself no uneasiness, sir; I have no desire to recognise such a tie, nor to have any one else informed of the fact," Cliff quietly interposed. Air. Temple changed colour, yet at the same time the look of intense anxiety which his face had worn hitherto faded out, and he drew a breath of relief. "Very well ; and now we _ have ar rived at a point where I wish to dis cuss matters from a business point of view. I tell you candidly I adore my wife, I worship my child, and I would far rather that a millstone should crush me at this instant than have either learn the terrible facts regarding their true -position. Therefore, I am going to throw myself upon your mercy; I know that you are an honourable muii, and that your word would be as sacred to you as your oath taken in the pre sence of a jury, and I am going to ask you to pledge yourself never to reveal to any one the-secret of my past. In return for such a pledge I will settle upon you outright the sum of " Cliff drew himself suddenly erect, and a statue could scarcely have been colder or' moro rigid. "Mr. Temple," he interrupted, with a dignity that was most impressive, "there is not the slightest need ef pur chasing my silence. As I have said. I have no wish to have any part of this "history known; my love for my mother, who was a pure, sweet, gentle woman, and my pride alike, forbid that L should lay any claim to kinship with yon, and' I would not accept a penny of your money to save myself from starvation." JTou are hard on me, young man," said Air, Temple, and cringing be neath his scathing words as under a blow. "Hard!" repeated Cliff, whose scorn for the man was almost beyond con trol, for he not only had his. own and his mother's wrongs to remember, but the treachery of the man in connection with i Air. Heatherford, "the greatest condemnation that could be pronounced upon ou, you have yourself voiced to night, in the heartless story which you have r dated to me; and let me as sure yon that I am actuated by no sympathy with rr iv'tv for yon, in( promising that inj nps will forever be sealed regarding our relations to each i other; but out of regard alone for the I dear child whom I saved from a ter- rible death, and for whom I have ever since entertained a strong affection. For. her sake -this secret, which would blight her young life, shall be guarded most sacredly — ah! — what does that mean?" And Cliff paused briefly, a look of blank dismay upon his face, as a low, wailing, shuddering moan sounded through the room. (To Be Continued.) 