IBMSHEB BY SPEOIM AkHANOEMENT FÜLL CRY, 7Sy Hichard Ularöh, Author of "Tho Beetle: A Mystery," "The Crime end the Criminal," " The Datchet Diamonds," " Mr«. Musgrare and Her Hutband," " The Woman with One Hand," &c.;, &c.; COPTRIQHT. OHAl'IKK \ \\\\.~{(J<mliuued.) He raunt have been mistaken. Tbero oould be nothing there. Yet, though he assured himself that this was the case, it was odd bow reluctant ho was to put this assurance to the proof. Instead of an inclination to reach out with his foot again his inclination was all the other way—to draw it as far up as the dimensions of hü prison would allow. On the other hand, the suspense was hideous. On auch a point it was impossible that he could remain in doubt, and exert himself to pain egress from the box. Even supposing that there -was something» it waa, probably, a moose or a rat» or perhaps a rabbit. It was true that it had not felt like either of the three, bot what else oould It be P After au interval, the duration of which was only too perceptible, he ventured out with his foot again, gingerly. He oould feel nothiog. He put out his foot a little further, what was that P He oould feel something which, as it seemed to him, was possessed of a peouliar quality, though wherein lay its peculiarity be would have been unable to say. But, this time, it certainly did not return his pressure. His alarm had been foolish. It was probably something else which Pollie had put in with him; what it was tiehad forgotten, if he had ever known. Again he took tip the chisel, and once more applied its edge to the side of the box. It waa frightful how weak he was. Hie silly shock he had reoeived had left his nerves in a state of uncomfortable tension. He was trembling all over. Suoh waa his exhaustion that he oenld put forth no strength at all, not even to make a feint of driving the tool's outting edge into the wood. And the whole time his thoughts were at the other end of the box—he did not wish that it should be so, but it was. Presently something else ooourred to him, that there#was a peculiar odour in the chest. It «poke volumes as to his condition, to say that he had not noUoed it before. His sense of smell was almost unnaturally keen. That he had been unable, ot. oocasion, to eaeapt from disagreeable peifn nes bad been, for him, one of the most disagreeable charac teristics of the vagrant life whhh he had led. And there was a peculiar odour, of that there oould be no doubt whatever. Now that it had become perceptible, it took his nostrils by storm. It seem eato bias that Li it there waa something ominous, alien, repulsive. In it, too, there was something familiar, an association with an experience which had, i to aay the least, been intensely disagreeable. Waa it possible that the thing at the bottom of the box had been alive, and waa dead, in a state of partial decay P With a sort of gruesome cariosity he put i out his foot to feel again. What oould the j ebjeot bef It seemed tobe of a rounded ferm, and distinctly soft. He more he pressed the ! more it yielded. It moved 1 And be moved tool withdraw* i ing his feet, so far as he was able, with a kind of spasmodic instinot. This time there was no mistake, the thing had been certain, the movement definite, distinct, theugh even now he felt that, about it, there bad been some- , thing unusual, odd. Whatoould the creature be P . As, with whirling br«in and palsied ' limbs, he asked himself the question, he was conscious that his panic fear wo* soaroelv dignified; and, with such slight force as still was his, he did his best to play» at least in some degree, the man. He might have sucoeeded, had he had time. Ha«waa not in a condition to recover from a shock upon the instant; and, when the shock became a continuous, an increasing one, reoovetr, even of. the most pxrtial kind, was altogether out of the question. The fe* re maining dregs of his manhood oozed dean out; there was nothing left to him but hia shivering caroaae. ^Che creature at the other endof the box was roused at last; and, being roused, was apparently unwilling any longer to remain dormant. It kept on moving, though its companion in cantivity could Beither feel nor hear it; iadeea, the perfect stillness of it« movements was not its least unpleasant features. It touohed his boot; it was advancing from its end of the box to his. It not only touched his boot, it climbed on it, with a oorioBs gliding motion which held him paralysed with horrer. It advanced along nie tttiuserad leg* and yet he felt it still upon his boot. He knew what it was now, it was a snake! And. with the knowledge, he broke into shriek after shriek, and writhed and twisted, almost after the fashion of the reptile at his feetf as if he sought, by his sheer contortions, to get out of the box. But, after all, his power to shriek, like the rest of his powers, was small, and, soon, he was still, perforce. He lay shaking as with ague, as pitiable an object, if Howard Sbapcott'a ghost was there to act as witness, as that gentleman's eyes had ever lighted on. The snake, as if startled by its oompanton*B cries, continued for the moment still, but, so soon as the man oeased, it resumed its move* toents. Along the man's body it glided with, seemingly, complete indifference to the fact that it was a man's body. Tbeseasation was indescribable; he never forgot it; it was always with him afterwards, at the back of his memory, needing but some oasual touch to bring it to the frdht. The thing seemed endless; its weight was no unconsidered trifle; it was evidently a monster of its Und. Its head reached bis; he felt its breath upon his face; something brushed against his öhetk, •oftly. to and fro^with amaring delioaqy of touch;—it was?1)ie creature's tongue. He lrnew enough to be aware, even in his state of partial brain paralvsis, that the popular notion that a serpent's poison is seoreted in its tongue ia born of igtioranoe; but, at any moment, the tongue might be exobanged for the poison fangs, those finely pointed instru ment* whioh priok, at times, so slightly that a man need not be oonsoious of their oontaot until deith is upon him. Whether or not the creature, then, did more than salute . him with its fondling tongue, he oould not tell. Presently he onased to feel its breath upon his cheeks. It continued its progress, passing down over his different features, and arranging itself, alowly, methodically, in a series of apparently Innumerable coils between his- faoe and the holes in front of the ehest. It had plaoed itself directly in his line of vision, so that it obscured the greater part of the small amount of light which fauna its way into the box, and there it remained quiet. For some time be continued in a state of physical and mental stupor; it was only after a considerable interval that, venturing to open his eyee, he peroeived that the creature had darkened the light. He realised its propinquity with feelings so intense as to be almost equivalent to a total absenoe of sensa tion. By degrees questions began to shape themselves, vaguely, in his brain. Since it * proposed to remain where it was, whnt was ' its purpose P Was it watching him P playing < with him like a cat with a mouse, waiting for the moment whioh suited it best, to strike— ' and to strike home? Or had it relapsed into ' torpor P He imagined that he oould ses its • mi, wide open, unblinking) glinting at hia 1 IbiWfft) ttf, " " "• I Hi«* right lojr was mumped. In the Hi>l sharp twinge there was an involuntary move ment of the tnuscles. The reptile «cemed tu pay no heed. As thepain increased he mad< a more vi^oroun effort to obtain relief. Stil it evinced no symptoms of disturbance, ft his agony lie shook it, extending tho limb t< its utmost length, for the muscle» were twister into knot*. Yet hi« companion remawei motionlesB. Whilo ho was still being* afflicted by hi latest enemy he hcArd a sound without—tin found of heavy footsteps coming up the stair« They came into the room. In a moment, ii bis delight at being within reach of humat succour, careless of what the consequences oi discovery might be, he raised his aim and struck as hard as he could against the lid oi the box. A human voice replied to the signal. "Hullo, Jennie, is that you?" 44 No, it's me!" There was a pause, perhaps expressive oi the newcomer's astonishment. Then the same veice again, ouly drier, 44 Oh, it's you, is it P And who are your And what the devil do you meas by being ir my chert P" " Open the lid; let me out." " Tau let yourself in, I suppose you can let yourself out." 44 I can't It'elocked." " Looked, is it P Then where'« the key P" "I don't know." Tlie newcomer had evidently approached the box, and judging from his next re« mark, was apparently realising, with mingled feelings, the absence of the key. He tried the lid once or twice, to satisfy himself that it wae aotaally locked. " Well, this is a queer caper. It is looked; then who locked it P Tou couldn't hardly have doue it from the inside, and what were you up to to let anyone else do it when you were inside ? And where's the key P" 411 tell you again that I don't know* For heaven's sake do let me out!" 44 There you are, piling on the^coal! Gc «oft! Let • take tkiagsln their proper turns. First of all, where's Jennie P If you've hurt her by so much as a pin prick, I'll leave you inside until your bones are bleached." '* Do you mean the snake P" " Of course I mean the snake; and you're right in uoing the definite article, the snake, flhe'q the finest «make this world has seen. And where's my beautiful P" 44 Hie suake is here." " Have y»u laid on her a hurtful hand?" 44 God forbid." " Right again—God forbid. I'd have hurt yon if yeu had. So it seems that you're in tuck. It'« something to have a companion, even when you're shut up in a box—I speak from my own personal experience; and when it's a lovely creature like my Jennie, why that's something like, that is. The gentleman was silent. He felt that the speaker had u point of view of his own. He was beginning to wonder if he had been sent to complete the process of driving him mad. "Now that the first and most important point is in Ardor, we'll pttM on to the next. What about opening the chest P How am I going to let you out without the keyP" "Force the lid." 44 Yes, that's all very well for you, but how about mo P Foroing the lid won't, improve the property. Who'« .-tog to pay for the damages P" ** I have money.' • 44 Oh, you have got muiiey, have you P It's a uico thing to have, is money; about as comfortable a thing, all things considered, as you very well can nave. If we had more of it, Jennie and me, we'd be as happy as the days are ltmg, as the saying is—ah, and happier. How much have you gotP" " I had four pounds." " Had P I hud a thousand pounds, and I've I had it more than oncc; but, at present, it's I behind—that and more. The question I put to you was not how much you nad, hut how muoh you've got just now.' "I believe! have the four pounds upon me now." 44Believe? Belief's all right; I've soen a lot of belief in my time; and I don't say a word »gainst anyone believing anything. But I like to know. Don't you know if you've got that four pounds P " 441 had it on tne last night, I've every reason to suppose it's on me now; but I'm tortured by cramp—half-paralysed—I oan't feel to make sure." M Then am I to understand that any dam age I may do to myohest by forcing open the lid, you are willing and ready to make gbod P" 44 Every soul Only, for God's sake, make bAste. If you knew the agony I've endured, and am enduring, you'd take pity." 14 Agony! Is that a slur, on Jennie? Or on my chest P You've had a free night's lodgings, and the best of oompany; I dou't know what ein yon want." The gentleman groaned. Was the man a madman P Or hud he been sent to torment bim before his time P Heavy footsteps crossed the floor. 44 Someone's been taking French leave with my tools. There'« a cutting chisel, a hammer, a mallet, a saw, all gone; they weren't gone last night." 44 Isn't there anything else you can uaeP" 44 No doubt. I might use the lid of a tea» pot, or a tooth pick. But I'm not proposing te use either." "Afake haste, man, do.'9 44 What's the hurry. If, as you say, you've ooen all night In agony, you must have got used to it by now. What difference does a few minutes more or less make ? I've been in agony myself, ah, and for more than one night! I «peak from personal experience.'' " Are you a fiend P" 14 May be. Don't know. A man never does knöw till he's been out up for the doctors t# examine; what he is in ode's a mystery. Here's a cold ohisel. Shall I use that r " 44 Yes." " Seems to me that you'd say yes to any thing. If I was to ask if I should u«e tue stem of my best pipe you'd say yes to that. You dou't seem to have no sense, no proper reasoning. However, tilings being as they are, I don't mind making a trial with the cola chisel, just to oblige you." , The footsteps returned towards the box. 44 Now I understand that for any damage I do to this property—and it's valuable pro* perty, mind you, so don't you forget it—I understand, I say, that for any dam ago I do to this property* on your behalf, and for the puij»ose of letting you out of it, you'll see me " Yetf." "That is the understanding, between gentlemen, as gentlemen P" 44 It is. 44 Very well, then. That's all right, so far as it goes. "When I've put a bit of baooy into my pipe, and got a light to It, I'll set about the job." The gentlemau waited, in hideous expecta tion. Heneemodto be an actual witness of tlie production of the tobacco and tbtpipe; Df the pTpo's loading; he heard the scratching [>f the matoh; he saw the flash; smelt thf perfume of (bo fittypg frbaooo» I llit-a (Lure carao thu voice a^alii. " Tint's it; that's BometbinR like, that U [ I in right article. Now I'vo got the tut« of I lotuoou hi IB/ month I'm RMne for anything^ I Jjook oat in there. I hope, noon, to hire iSi I pleasure of making your koqoiiotaDce, air; I In-job ie being »t*rt«d." In less than half a minute the oheat «*• I 