" Mayfielcl," South Yarrn, Wednesday, August 22. My DISAH MATIIK, The frivolous public were well catered for last Satur day. The racos at Flemington attracted the sporting section of Society who are not to be enticed away to any entertainment unci or the sun when a meeting is on the oards. The Carnival on the Melbourne Cricket Ground with the attraction of Nauce O'Neil, Mrs. Brough, Irene Franklin, and other celebrities, to .dispense tea and smiles, drew an immense crowd-that portion of the community that is given over to the sporting of tricky toques, captivating airs, and all the charms of an up-to date suburban society-or what passes for such outside tho Metropolis. Fairer Melbourne gathered at tho Childrcns' Enter tainment at the Prahran Town Hall, where Mrs. Wesley-Hall, Mrs. Bingham, Mrs. Stephen, and a host of matrons navigated a novel show. It was a perform-, -ance given entirely by childron-a few of them prodi gies, somo gifted, and all pretty or clever. Tho little onos had tho stimulating joy of a full house. There wore two prices for tho seats, but the overflow from the front reached tho doors. The organisers contemplated tho crush with beaming eyes, the novel entertainment being from tho financial point of view, a novel suocess. For tho rest, a little genius and a lot of generosity-on tho part of tho audionce-were depended upon to crown thoir efforts. The punotuality tho Lieutenant-Governor practises is a thing of great joy in Melbourno. Sir John Madden arrived at the head of his party on tho tick of three o'clock, and overyone yielded up a sigh of satisfaction and thanksgiving. With His Fxcellenay oame Lady Madden, brighter than usual in hor handsome black and white frilled frock ; Mrs. Harry Osborne in a blue costume piped with wliito and a blue hat of a quiet order, and Miss Losly Madden in a heliotrope frook, short seal jaoket, and bo-ribboned hat flourishing large choii.v of two shades. Colonel Campbell and Lord Biohard Novill oonvploted tho party, Miss Ruby Madden having a part in the performance had slipped into tho sido wing of tho stage. Among othor auspicious arrivals was that of .Tanet Lady Clarke at tho head of a family party. A smart blnok frook distinguished tho youthful matron. Mrs. Wesley-Hall flitted , about the hnll in a wintry garb, and a gauzy blaok and wliito toque show ing a daring'olustor of rich red ohorrioa. A smart girl boside me remarked in an Irishman's whisper-" That's ono of the now Spring hats "-and a dozon noclcs were immediately oranod in tho dirootion of tho wearer, and twice as many eyes gloatod over tho now treasuro, took a mental snapshot of it, and, wo .may presume, there will bo more to follow, of tho kind, if tho fingers of the imitators are only doft onough in what a golfer would term " an approaoh shot." For to mako a oloso oopy of tho Ixat would bo .impossible. Amateurs can only approaoh it as near as possible. Mrs. Stophon sold pro grammes for one ponny, with a swoot smile. Her frook waB not up to tho mark. Mrs, Bingham occasionally peopod forth from the wings, but hor duty lay within, and sho was a most faithful captain, not deserting the groon-room till tho last amateur had "put off." Miss F. Groono also sold programmes in a ohnrmlngly oliio toque of fawn. It was .tho prettiost hat in tho hall. Miss Mall<$ Dempster woro a bright soarlot, ooat of jioto, and a hat of black tuokod ohiffou. Mi-. Montgomery Severn was a helpful adjutant and a factor in the work of organizing the show. A jollier collaborator could not have been chosen. Work grows light when bright wit is on tap. As for the little ones who strutted their hour on the stage, there is much to say. The pretty unconscious ness of some sweet mites lisping out their songs, and the piquancy noticeable in others, were charming and unique. Preoociousness was a word for our grand mothers. This generation does not know its meaning. The child who is advanced in knowledge or gifts beyond her years, is termed smart, and carefully eneouraged in her knowing ways. Seven is marked by the Scriptures as the period of childhood at which the light of reason dawns, but you and I know, Marie, there is a flickering of consciousness long before that, and infantile cunning is not exactly uncommon. The two nieces of Mi's. Wesley-Hall,- the little daughter of Mrs. Norman Armytage, Mrs. Higgins' baby-girl, and Mrs. Bingham's two charming daughters, were among the daintiest and tiniest trippers. Short fairy frocks of various colours standing out like a lamp shade sot off the paces of several, but little Dora Wesley Hall masqueraded as a gay Fauntleroy in a satin suit, and Mrs. Bingham's little girls were demure Geishas who fluttered their fans, and like the highly-bred Jtoli-Poli-San, " with the hair crected stiffly on her head," danced and sang the song of the Jappy-Jap .Tappy. Little Madge Downe and Baby Hutchinson were the two musical wonders, one being a marvel by her brilliant pianoforte solo, and the other toddler by her violin performance. Miss Una Bourne gave the adul-ts a treat with an artistic pianoforte contribution. Mrs. Atherton's little girl came out in a patched wincey frock- but was too round-faced and healthy to convince us that she was an abandoned waif. She delivered a monologue on the elegant subject of ".the siok and suffering baby-world," in a very sweet voice. Herr Scherek's daughter gave a delightful performance on the violin. She inherits her father's musical tempera ment, and shows great promise of his art. But, to go through the names of all the charming and clever chil dren who contributed to the lengthy programme would cover reams of paper. An operetta, some tableaux, and skirt dancing, afforded an opportunity for an excellent display of talent. The tableau of the one Miss Ruby Madden .adorrjjS^S^ff^tri5j6(^;v.\yni.!^.^tiax'ming. Its title, "And they Ege^i&fer;,"iletting one into the seoret that^ii wtvi.' fi'gfsls of an interesting story. RnsV^I^den decked in. satin gown wearing a olusteiSof ptoc*y$®&a-T;£t^{$Sd£ia^age, and a large rctrouss6 rose brimtoed^jiyjL^flifc-etitni'oned in a family oircle, one lovely girl stretched out in languid enjoyment by her side, a todcller cuddled oloser to her, and a third lovely mite in pink standing close by, a basket of roses in her hand, and an air . of intent inte rest on her sweet face. Miss Madden held up her fail hand as if enjoining silenoe'at the climax of the story, which Mr.~ Edward Fitzgerald related, with a handsome profile presented to the audienoe and graceful limbs set off by oourt-dress and knee- breeches. It was a most "oharming tableau, ct owned by the.smile of a brooding Venus. I must not forget the fenoing display made by Mrs. Whiting's trim little girls. It was a very clever per formance. The girls were garbed in loose white blouses, velvet kniokers, high stookings and shoes. They out neatly at each other, making quick moves, and . adroit passes, while holding themselves exaot, graceful, and nimble, as one of the exquisites of the last century. All golf interest centres in Geelong next month when the annual ohampi'onship comes off. All the sports of the Melbourne : links are rounding up their oaddies, and swinging their drivers preparatory for the great event. It Is customary for parties of ladies to go down and put up for a week, while the tournament is on. The smart leaders of the Geelong junkets fill their houses with parties, and make the welkin ring with morriment. Only fine weather is needed to result in a gay week "of golfing revels. Mrs. Maudsloy is. arranging an elegant floral set for the Poster Ball.' It 1s to be carried out in white and gold, on an elaborate soale. One of Melbourne's prettiest girls is to appear as someone's tea, and one of our plainest and dullest dames as a broth. A globular huntsman is appearing in the character of "JohnBull" the one that sports a fancy vest, a wide-awake hat, and a fob-chain on a familiar poster. There are several weddings of interest this month the smartest promising to be that of Miss Vera Browne,' one of the clever daughters of Rolfe Bolderwood, ancl Mr. Peech, who are to face the music on Saturday after noon. The arrangements are to be carried out on a charming scale. Miss Bruce organised a jolly skating party at the South Yarra Bink on Tuesday night. The proceeds go towards the funds of the Homcepathic Hospital. The skaters were numerous and the competitions therefore keen, while a large number of spectators gave the galleries a prosperous air. A few earnest-eyed women sought an early seat in the galleries of the Assembly on Tuesday afternoon to hear the third reading of the Woman's Suffrage Bill. Colonel Goldstein, smiling and genial, represented the anti-suffragists on one side, and his daughter turned a bright face on the Assembly from the other. Miss Goldstein went and joined her father before the Bill came on for reading, and a smile passed around the House, for the friendliness of father and daughter dis counts the rumours that one hears of their differences as chiefs of the opposing bodies. That they differ on political questions and fight for their rights publicly is not to say that they are at daggers drawn on the domestic hearth. I had only time to admire the elegant style of the Minister of Public Instruction, the duoal bearing of Mr. Murray-Smith, the apathy of Sir George Turner, and the profundity of the Hon. Felix Levien, when the disoussion of the Penny Postage Bill delved deeper, and I sank into dreamy visions of Spring frocks. When I recovered consciousness the House was still talking Penny Postage, and wearing a tedious air, so I yielded up the ghost of patience and departed. More fun is promised when the Suffrage Bill comes up for reading in the Council. I hope they are not (lis cussing Penny Postage when we take our seats. Mrs. Bingham's Ai Home, last Monday, must be voted the most enjoyable and smartest of the season, up to date. The orowd, the quality of the entertain ment, and the frocking were about the usual standard. Mrs. Bingham's three pretty children came in for much attention. So did the Colonel.' Another beau- Mr, Montgomery Severn-provided plenty of diversion to numerous lady friends. That visitor's breezy manner has completely oleared the air of cobwebs wherevor it has been brought into play. Coon songs are the rage in Melbourne. Miss Buby Madden warbles them prettily to her own accompani ment. Miss Minnie Waugh-one of the smartest and most presentable of the Melbourne concert artistes-hns a particularly suitable voice for these plantation ditties. She scored a great triumph with one at Mrs. Bingham's at-home. .Miss Ida Osborne's sympathetic contralto voice is also occasionally heard in a charming little darkie's dirge. Few others attempt them with any suocess. . .Flowers are as much in request, this season, as coon songs. They are worn in the dress, on muffs, and as posies. Every hostess carries a cluster of violets, and really they do away with the useless left hand very nicely. A woman of taste can do more with a boquetof sweet-soented flowers than a fan. She oan hold them fondly to her aquiline nose, toy with them, pass her pretty manioured fingers over their fresh faoes, and play off a thousand graces by their aid. One languish ing Lydia in our midst always makes a point of carry ing a posy when receiving guests. Another leading matron makes flowers a particular adjunct of her toilette :-wears them in profusion on her oorsage, and carries more in her oapable hands. The Armadale Assemblies broke out into n grand final poudre ball on Thursday last. It was a bright affair-and an enjoyable\one. JPoudro is rather a dis guise to brunettes, and rouge-bo it added to their vir tue-is still more an Illusive embellishmorit, so that some girls who were looking radient in their masks were not recognised by their old partners. Miss Brad ley, who, for her splendid secretarial duties, was pre sented with a satin-lined caso of perfume, was one of the most pioturesque figures, in black satin with a Charles I. bodico of blaok velvet and a head-dress of handsome blaok plumes. Miss Burton attraoted muoh attention in a vivid burguoise blue gown with the bodioo done up quaintly in some resurreoted fashion. A oharming girl in white spoilt her appe e> ranoe by blaok hose. Fancy any girl of sense-I shall not say taste wearing white shoes and black stockings ! Can she olaim to be an absent-niincTecl beggar ? That would be her only excuse. Every matron had her teeth set on edge as the black ankles and white toes whirled into view. \The corridor, where so many have found a pleasant retreat during the course of the assemblies, was too chill and draughty for sitting-out. The airy promenade provided by the grassy area round the hall was also a breezy waste-uninviting and forbidding. The few foolish virgins who ventured out to gaze at the stars and whisper sweet nothings came in with blue noses, and some of the powder distributed over the coats of their partners. Of course, the wind blew it there. Don't look shocked! How else could it be transferred ? A Toomk matron gave a luncheon party to seventeen girls last week, and one man made so bold as to join them. The hostess imagined they took him for a rum omelette, as they made an onslaught, and almost de voured him. When I told my cousin Jack, he remarked -" It wcis rum-very rum." But we can't claim the bold knight-:he hails from Sydney, ancl is as ivresist able as a bubonic germ. No preventative can stay his progress. Yours affectionately, STELLA. Heiik is a bit of Mr. Shiels' autobiography: "The River Yarra has clone great service to the country. In my early days, the honorable member for Bichmonci (Mv. Bennett), the honorable member for Collingwood (Mr. Beazley), and myself used to go there swimming, and perhaps taking apples which did not belong to us. I (Mr. Shiels), twice had the misfortune to fall in, but a river so clean as that then was would not talce an animal so unclean as I was, and it has left me to this (the Victorian) Legislature. . I think the honorable members will see that they owe something to the Yarra Yarra, which would not devour me, and I trust that the name will be retained." Tub Mountain has been in labour and has produced an ordinary common garden mouse. Shiels as a budgeteer was not a success, he was not even a surprise, he was simply a bore. Perhaps the weather affected him, the equinocial winds seemed to have made him windy. Victoria is prosperous; railways, customs, excise all show substantial increases. Yet Shiels is as doleful as an orator at a Pleasant Sunday afternoon entertainment. This comes of having a Treasurer with a liver, or without a good digestion. There is absolutely, nothing new in the Budget. The estimated sui'plus is £11-52,000. It will jjrobably be a good deal more, but it is well for a Treasurer to be on the safe side. Of course the estimates are official, The only political ingredient in the mixture is the Old Ago Pension business. Shiels must have winked his eye when ho talked of this-a peculiarly suitable matter for the Com monwealth Parliament. Various other questions arose out of Mr. Shiels' deliverance. It lasted over five hours, and the" few membors who had the physical strength to listen to it will be worthy objects of the Old Age Pension-it must havo aged them oonsidorably. It appears clearly from this historical and hysterloal oration that Shiels has been a cricketer and a boxing man. It is also a fact that no great crioketer lias been a great pugilist, and neither has ever been a good Treasurer. It also appears that Shiels is not a tee totaller. Most people have, therefore, misoonstrued the man who never says " Gome and have a drink." 