CosiiiBgiBain Divorce Case. THE JUDGE'S SUMMING UP. JURY DISCHARGED. UNABLE TO AGREE. (By Telegraph) SYDNEY, December 12. In the course of his address to the jury, Mr. Want said that never, in the records of the Divorce Court, had there been a case in which the wife came in as the first and only witness to help her husband put his hands into the pockets of a co respondent. Never had there been a case before in which a man had attempted to line his pockets by having recounteu in the witness-box the story of his wife's dishonour, as had been the casa in this suit. He would undertake to convince the jury that the whole thing was a put up job. The task before him was made difficult by the intelligence shown by the petitioner and his wife in the course of the case. They were both clever people, and the petitioner, though with out assistance in the court, had as allies outside two astute police court attorneys. The jury might believe the evidence for the petitioner, they nii«hb believe that for the coiespon dent, or they might consider the case nut proved ; and then, «s the Judge had said, they must give co-respondent the benefit of the doubt. He, however, wanted nothing of that kind, because if Dr. O'Haran went from the court with a verdict that the jury did not know whether he was guilty or not he would go forth a disgraced man. It had been shown in evidence that the petitioner and his wife had resided together after the date of the confession, which he (Mr. Want) affirmed had been altered to stances, and the co-respondent might easily have raised the ground of condonation ; but he asked the jury not to decide this case on the ground of con donation, but to do it on a clean-cut and clear issue, which was that there was no truth in the allegations made by the peti tioner and his wife. Counsel had not concluded his address when the court rose. December 13. The Coningham divorce case is now within measurable distance of the end. Mr. Want finished his address to the jury about half-past 11 o'clock, when Mr. Coningham commenced. In tne course of his address he pointed out how he had had to fight the case alone against the ablest counsel in he world, and surrounded by others who had myrmi dons to do their bidding. Referring to his wife, he said : 'I met her in 1890. and courted her for three years I found no blemish whatever. She wanted to tell me of h r pasi , but I did not want to know it. I found her conscientious -and true, and she continued so till fate threw her into the clutches of one of a religious training, who worked his web around her « till he took her aflection from me, and robbed her of her mother's highest honour, her children of their good name, and me of her love and affection, and left me what I am now. She fell as a young girl and went to her father confessor, father Fouhy, and he absolved her from that sin. She tried to hide her shame, and hid it. Only one man and woman knew of it besides the father of the child, and that woman came 750 miles to tell of what occurred all these years ago, assis ted by her father confessor, who was in Sydney, for he (petitioner) had seen him. Why did they not call Father Fouhy? Because if he had entered the box and told what the girl confessed to him what would the world have thought? They dared not put him there. He, as her husband, knew of the child for the first time as he sat at the court table. He had not wanted to know, perhaps he had suspected something, but he was satisfied with her as he found her. With regard to the damages claimed, he did not want t to touch a penny of whatever the jury , might give him. He did not want the filthy stuff. It was his children he was nrac riiero was a passage in Horace to the effect that ' punishment, though slow afoot, seldom failed to overtake the guilty,' and this case should prove the accuracy of the assertion . THE JUDGE'S SUMMING UP. Justice Simpson commenced summing up at a-quarter to 3 o'clock. He pointed out that, though it might seem strange, it was quite open to the jury to find against the respondent (Mrs. Coningham) on the issue of adultery, but still not against the co-respondent. Never since he had been sitting in the Divorce Court had he presided over a case in which a respondent, the guilty woman, had been called as a witness and admitted her adu1 tery to try to prove adultery against the co-respondent. If in this case the jury conscientiously believed the respondent to be a witness of truth, they should find a verdict in favour of the petitioner, even £E the respondent stood alone and absolu tely unsupported. The evidence of one witness, if accepted as true, must carry more weight than that of twenty or thirty on the other side whose testimony seemed open to doubt. The jury did not require to be absolutely, certain of the guilt of the respondent and the co respondent, because that would be im possibh without occular proof. The law merely required that the jurors, exercis ing the faculties God had given them, should as reasonable men feel satisfied of the guilt of the accused. In this case he thought it would be impossible for them to find against the respondent without also finding against the co-respondent. It would be ju&t; as serious for the core , spondent if they found againse Mrs. Coningham, but did not find againsb^him. The question had been raised as to abso lution by the Church, and there was no doubt, if what the petitioner said was true, and if there were such a doctrine in the Church of Rome, it was most dread ful. Could they believe that in any Church there could bo a doctrine by which a man could commit adultery on Monday, confess and receive absolution on Friday, and then go into the witness box and swear that ho had never com mitted adultery at all, b cause he had been absolved. And yet that was what the petitioner said was the doctiine of the Church of Rome. Dr. O'Haran said there was no such doctrine. The jury would remember that Father Creegan brought his 6wn little Bible to be sworn on, while Cardinal Moran, Dr. O'Haran and' Father Byrne kissed the Protestant Bible. Still, Dr. O'Haran said that the latter oath was binding on his conscience, although a Catholic Bible would have been preferred. Father Creegan was asked whether, after absolution, it was considered that there had been no sin, and the witness said ' No,' but that was hardly consistent with Dr. O'Haran's statement. The co-respondent said that if a man got absolution in the Church of Rome, and the sin was forgiven, it was wiped out. 'Though your sins be as scarlet they shall be white as snow.' But between the Protestant and Roman Catholic Churches there was, in the estimation of some people, a difference on the question of absolution by the priest. If they read the passages in the English Prayer-book for the visitation of the sick they would see that if the sick man was moved to make confession the priest was to say, ' I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' Having quoted from the evi dence concerning the doctrine of the Church of Rome as to the forgiveness of sins, his Honour asked if there was any thing wrong with that 1 Was it not the doctrine of Christianity? If sin were forgiven it was blotted out, of course. It w 'iild bo a dreadful tlilug iC Cruel forgave a sin and it was not so. His Honour had not concluded sum ming up at the rising of the court, and the case was adjourned till the following day, the jury being allowed to go to their homes, as they have been all through the hearing of the case. (By Telegraph.) SYDNEY, December 14. The Coningham case was continued this morning. Just before the jury re tired to consider their verdict Justice Simpson referred to the suggestion which had been made by the petitioner that because a member of the Roman Catholic Church received absolution he could make statements in the witness-box at variance with what they knew to be the truth. The jury, he said, must be very careful as to feho weight to be attached to such a suggestion. They knew that Pro testants say strong things against Roman Catholics, and they had recently had an an instance at St. Mary's Cathedral as to what very strong things a Roman Catho lic would sav about Protestants. The statements made by Archbishop Redwood as to the character of Protestants ought never to have been made. They were strongly rssented by Protestants, and he believed he was right in saying that they were also regretted by the vast majority of Roman Catholics. It only showed how vile attacks could be made by the Church of Rome, and on the other hand they probably knew what attacks could be made by Protestants, but they must not allow their minds to be swayed by such considerations. They must give a verdict according to the evidence put be fore them, regardless of the consequences. The jury retired at ten minutes past 11 o'clock to consider their verdict. later. After the jury retired Mr. Want asked the Judge to allow Mr. SHttefy to make an explanation with regard to what had arisen concerning Grimshaw. His Honour said he did not think it was necessary. Slattery said 'Grimshaw was recom mended to me by the police. I never knew the name of James until he was called into Court.' His Honour :— I am quite satisfied. At 4.30 the jury re turned into Court for certain directions, Hiiiuu uic truujjB iiiien giivu iijoi«i«- ? ? 031— Judge explained that the law was that after retirement by the jury of six hours a majority verdict of three-quarters, namely nine to three, must ha taken. The jury, however, had not agreed by a majority of three-quarters, ' What is to done' said his Honour to the parties. ' Will the jury have to bo locked up till ten minutes past eleven, or will you take the verdict of a majority. Although there is not a three-quarters majority, there is a verdict of a majority.' Coningham replied that he was going on. what Mr. Want s;iid was a clear cut issue. Mr. Want said that under no circum stances would he agree to a majority ver dict. His Honor then intimated thac he would come back about eleven o'clock to-night. 12 o'clock. The jury being unable to agree were discharged, after being locked iip for twelve hours. 