Women's Christian Temperance Union. Extracts from a sermon proached in St. James* Churoh, Weotmoreland-atreet, London, W., by H. B. Hawois, M.A., in connection with the Inter national CongiesB of Women, on Sunday morning. JUly 2, 1899. ? 'And many women worn there' Matt.'27, 55. Wherever tho interests Of humanity nre con ourticd you will find us a rule many women are there. My friends, this last week has witnessed a spectacle quite. unique in tho history of the world. Tliere haa never been such a thing as a lilrgo International Congress of Women met together in this way for such purposes. Ib marks an effort in the evolution of woman's influence. They oro met together not merely to consult the wide interests uf their own sex, but also for the largo general welfare of hllmanity, thii purification of society. There never was BUch a movement. Women have Bpiken and acted in old days as they were moved by the Holy Ghost ; but there was at no time such coopera tion, such unanimity, sne.h organisation for great and ( ternol purposes, for intereata whioh touching earth, aspire and retch up into Heaven. When I looked through the programme of tho Congreas of Women I waa amized at the large variety of eub jects which found a place in it. There bad hardly been a matter touching the thoughts of women which had not been ably handled by ex perta wbo had tbeir hearts and their heads in it. Yea, there have been sociological and Dhilosophi'nl priblems dealt with, and great aapirationa expressed by good and noble women from all countries who have borne on their hearts the burden of humanity, who have tried to do something for Ciiriat, who have tried tj follow in Hia footatepv. in tho ways of pleasantneas and in tbo paths of peaco. Looking round, then, on those great conferences, and especially that great meoting in the Queen's Hnli, convened by the Couutess of Aberdeen in order to give support to Peaco and Arbitration, looking upon those noble women with their extra ordinary unanimity of feeling, laying aside all personal aim and party attitude, one might well say with Longfellow : — Not chance nf birth or plnce hag mndo ui friendi, Bolnp; ofitimifs of diflerent tongues and notions, But. in tile endeavour for the self same ends, With the same hopes, and fears, and aspirations. My Br- rmon has been narrowed in from that great programme, ranging over everything in earth and heaven affecting tbe interests cf womankind, nar rowed in largely by the direct requeat ot the Coun tess of Aberdeen, who waa in the chair at the Queen'a Hall meeting, 'narrowed in to the influence of woman upon war both before and after battle. INFLUENCE IN PREVENTING WAR. But what ia influence? Influence ia something which wants hands and feet. Influence ia a thing which worka by mouth, which works by organi sation, by expression. There are Bilent influ ences, but theso influences aro inward and spiritual gracts, which need outward mani festation. You women of many nations haTe proved yourselves not only capable of ex preaaion, but of organisation. Let ua point out the enormou8 value of initiative. The world goes starving along, multitudes perish, good cauBSa fag, progresB is retarded, becauBe no one takea the initiative. We yield honour then to those who possess the inestimable gift. The large majority are born to follow, and want a mouthpiece, a leader, some one who can translate the great mass of Buffocated feelings and aspirations into tangible expressions. When tbe great gladiatorial shows ot Rome wero at their height, a minority of those, chiefly Christians, living under the Roman Empire, felt the abomination of it all, but they knew not bow to act. But there rose & monk, Telemachus, and as he meditated in tbe Libyan desert, across the Mediterranean, there came to him rumoura of the horrible and degrad ing spectacle of these gladiatorial shews, in whieh men met to slaughter not only animals, but eaoh other. With the voice of God ringing iu his eare, he made hia way to Rome, to the gladiatorial show, , then going on in the Colosseum. The Emperor himself, the Vestal Virgins, tbe Senators, and all the mightiest in Borne were gathered together. Telei maohus, the obscure monk, pushed bis nay through the crowd, leapt over the barrier, clad in his monk garb, and stood between the gladiatorB who 'were about to engage ; and holding up a wooden crucifix he, in the name of Chriat, forbade them to proceed. Another moment, and he fell, slain, murdered, assassinated by tbe gladiators'between whom he had interposed. But this great act of his had its fruition, for in Rome there was never again wit nessed any move gladitorial shows. This ia what; I mean by influence finding expression and passing into living action. woman's TOWER TO PEOMOTD PEACH. Think of a woman's capacity aB a peacemaker How marvellously she is calculated to carry on any such movement. which affects the good of the whole human race. Women are tbe saviours of society. Women are ever tho intercessors and arbitrators standing between the oppressed and the oppressor, from tho days of Esther, aud tbe wise women of Tekoah and Deborah downwards. Women have been called tho second founders uf Christianity, and so they are, they are tbe leaders of forlorn hopes ; theira is the faith which removes mountains. Theirs is the lovo jvhich ' roBe on stronger wings, nnpalsied when he met with death.' Intensity, absorption, these are the specialties of womon. That intuition, that noblo Belf-devotion nnd Belf- sacrifice, that tenacity of purpose, that inexhaustible tenderness, that supreme patience — these are tho qualities of the sex. ' God bless all good women,' Bays Oliver Wendell Holmea. 'To their kind hearts and tender hands we must all comn at last.' 'Thank God, many womon were there' is a sentence which might be written over every hospital, and over' every battiefield, over every ambulance, over every place where there iB wretcbedneasand misery. A lady with a lamp shall stand In the great history ot the land, A noble type of good Heroio womanhood. 