ITEMS OF INTEREST. On page lour will be band tho sharemarket reports, L'uden and Niagara news, a letter from our Mt Morgans correspondent, intercolonial telegraphic news, "The Dredging Rojui in New Zealand," etc. The mayor (Dr Conis j has received an acknowledgment from the Premier's department of a sum of £8 17s, being amount collected in Mt nzies in connection with the departure of contingents for South Africa. Mr C. Ro'ot. Arnott, secretary of the Menzies Property Association, Ltd., notifies that the 20tli dividend of Gd per share will be payable at the office of the company on aucl after .Saturday, July Id. The forecast : '- Still tine for the present, with diy east winds, but the signs of a disturbance approaching the southwest coast are now more prominent, and there will be a veer of the wind to the north a:.d west before very long, v ith cooler, cloudy weather, and possibly some rain." During the week numerous (lower picnic parties have boon organised by the re.-id tuts of Menz'es and Woolgar, and alm.ist every Vehicle and moans of conveyance has been chartered to 111 1 to the Ghost Rocks, some It miles 1101th-west of Menzies, win.re wil 1 tlow. rs < f vaiious kinds grow iu profusion. The Mikado Picnic, with Cobb & Co's six-i >li.in l and Walter's threc-in-hand, is probably the largest [ arty, and altogether it is anticipated that som-thing like 2UU people will visit the Ghost Rocks temorro v, and with fine weather a pleasant outing shou'd be spent. ' he Federal League of West Ausrraua desire that arrangements shall be mid.; for Mr Harney to deliver an a.t- Iress at Men/.ies on Tuesday, 21th inst. It goes without Haying thit the meeting a ill be held. The latest additions to the plant of Uessj-8 L unbel t and Fimister, K;tl- -C'""'lie, make it one of 1 he [in.st completo 11 Western Australia. Tho firm areu..w in a position to treat parcels up to oats cm. They are, paying I'd Mi per ounce or standard gold, and are prepared to my, on the most liberal terms, tailing*, eonecntrates, etc, 011 assay. MobHra Lambert and Fimister aro willing to undertake the er-ction of cyanide plants •>n easy terms. At t o-night s federation meeting, •vhich is fixed for 7.30 o'clock at the Warden's Court, a convenient opportunity will be 11 Horded all prencnl for < "curing voters' certificates. Tho electoral registrar will be in attendance, uid will issue these certificates to all applicants—mule or female—who liavo resided iu the colony for 12 months, vho have attained the age of l't yearn, uul who are not already 011 the electoral roll. A pleasant dance was held iu the Vlaori Hail 1-ist evening, iu conm>ct ; 0'i vitli the Menzies Freshytc/iin Church. These monthly dances luve b.-como an established institution ov, and are always enjoyed by the - number who itteud. A card 1 -n: ...,„, M,t was to 'i.tve been I, I ; ,„ n,.. ,j iSt pjlt of t, )fl evening, but ahandoued, all present appeared anxious to commence the dance. During the evening Mies (Cohen contributed a song, which proved very acceptable. At the M, nzics Court yesterday, bef re the R.M , Mr W. Lambden Owen, a man named Heilernan was charged •\ith being in unlawful possession of » piecc of meat, which hid been stolen from the Railway Hotel. Arthur Scott stated that he eaw the accused leaving the kitchen of the hotel on Thursday night, carrying something in his hand. Followed him, when he dropped the piece of meat. Told HeiTcrnan if lie did not apologise lie would gi/e him in charge. Had not given accused permission to take the meat. J. W. Scott deposed to having given Ileffernan iu charge to Constable Hyues. Hetfernau was sentenced to one month's hard labor, and an order whs made for the restoration of the piece of meat to the owner. Mr Sam White's music hall is to be opened to-night, and to mark tho event 1 very special programme will be put forward. Mr Will Kelly, who has earned great popularity among patrons ot the hall, will appear for the last time to- night, and Mr White has taken advantage of the 00 hmou to tendir him c jmplime-.tary benetit. Those who have so often been entertained by Mr Kelly's co nicalitios should not forget to »e pros'-nt to-night, to sh )w in a practical manner their appreciation of the popular comedian. Several new artists are announced to appear, and the pr-gramm : wii; I,. co :,tribtued to by Mi^s May L-.. Miss Ray M'Beth, \lesM-s Rat Ca^lnin, Will Jiosewarne, Con Reithold, Did< di hnson, Harry Gilbert and Will l-'ellv. The entertainment will conclude with the diverting comodiot:;., •• pj iL. SulJier's Return,'' which will bo presented by members of the company. Under date June the general secretary of the A.N. A. in Perth writes: —"A sum of two guineas has ban donated to the above association by Mr J. d. Williams, of Mt. Leonora, lor the best-written suggestion, of not more than 2i.il) words, 011 the 4 Settlement of the Alluvial (Question,' concorning which there has been so much trouble lately in connection with tho obtaining of alluvial gold from goldmining leases: and, as it is felt by a large number of the residents of this colony that legislation of a more comprehensive and satisfactory character should be introduced in the interests of alluvial minors, it is intended that the above s'uggcst'u;i should be so worded as to allow of its being introduced as the basis of a clause suitable for insertion in the Mining Act of this colony, or of the alternative character of an amendment to any existing clause or regulation, or both, of the present Act. 'The above competition is free of charge and open to any person in the colony, and all letters should hi in my hands not later than Wednesday, the 1st of Sep. tember next." A. M'Kenzie will sell by public aoction r, n Wednesday, July 18, under instructions from the Official Receiver iu Bankruptcy, a miscellaneous collection of goods. 