SATURDAY, APRIL 7, J900. The- small cloud on the ■ horizon, no bigger than a man's hand, is often the forerunner-of a serious storm, and it was feared that the incident of the German (lag being hauled down at Bendigo would be the prelude to some awkward compli cations between us and Germany. The trouble arose out of an incident on 2nd March,. the-»day' on which news was received of the relief of Ladysmilh. A German bonifacc, who for some time past had been suspected of pro-Boer ten dencies, took steps to dispel a prevailing opinion by hoisting the flag of the leather land in front of his hotel, as a token of jubilation over the relief of the beleagured garrison, after a trying siege that ex tended over four months. Several youths, in an unguarded moment of loyal im petuosity and juvenile ignorance, took the liberty of' hauling down the fluttering colors which they regarded as the national emblem of the Boer Republic, and tiie consequence was an outburst of Teutonic indignation which threatened, in the opinion of some, to end in " international complications." It was told us in the cables that " an account of the incident "of the hauling down of the German flag "at Mr. Buciior.z's hotel, Bcndigo, " having been published in the Times, " has attracted some notice in Berlin. " In the German capital it is not ex ' pectcd that the incident will lend to " any unpleasantness, as the British (lag " has been treated in a similar manner at "Hanover and Dresden." More than ordinary significance attached to the affair by reason of the Fact that the event was cablcd to the Emperor William, after tlic German Consul in Melbourne had been officially notified. Police court proceedings were instituted against the five youthful delinquents, and they duly appeared before a police, magistrate and a crowdcd bench of local justices. They were honored in being defended by Mr. J. L. Pukves, Q.G., who voluntarily went to liendigo, doubt less feeling that as one of the fathers of the great Australian Party, some sacri fice on the altar of duty was necessary, ' if only to help in effectually muzzling the ghost of an unpleasant memory that has occasionally been revived at an awkward time since the early eighties, when Mr. Pukvks earned considerable notoriety through some public utterances of his, which were interpreted by unkind critics as a decided hint at " cutting the painter.'' 13e that as it may, Mr. P-wiives is always a tower of strength wherever lie appears as a lawyor, and " beneath liis withering lire qt- riclicule ancl cross-examination the prosecution was hopelessly broken down. The defen dants were acquitted, and the German residents of Quart zopolis arc left to obtain what consolation tliey can out of the reflection that it was boys instead of men who were concerned in the desecra tion of their beloved flay. Concerning the relief oE Ladysmith itself, we have in that event an incident of world-wide importance so far as the interests of Great Britain are concerned. While we remember with regret that the ultimate relief of that besieged town was effected at the cost of about 5,000 British lives, its accomplishment has been one of Hie main l'actoi'3 in turning the tide of events throughout South Africa in favor of British supremacy. Kruger pinned his chance of success in securing international intervention to the forlorn hope of effecting the capitulation of Sir George White, but against fearful odds the unyielding garrison " kept the flag flying" and held out successfully, and now that Oom Paul's one great hope has been dispelled like " the base less fabric of a dream," the ultimate end of the struggle comes within view. "With Kimberley and Ladysmith relieved, Oito.vjE surrendered, Joubeist dead, and the Free Staters yielding compli ance with Lord Roheuts's demand to throw clown their arms, the suggested dismemberment of the Empire which was advocated by certain sections of the Continental press, after the first few reverses of British arms in the Trans vaal, is now lost in the awe-inspiring spectacle which Lord Roberts's recent successes have commanded throughout the world. Any hope of independence for the Transvaal is now a practical im possibility, and despite-the temporary check sustained last week through a British convoy falling into another of the many traps set by the wily Boers . (~wlli.l-.il 1*3 -in. Iwvinar 110. JCgL. bearing on the campaign as a wholcfthe march on to Pretoria is being made with as much alacrity as Lord Roiskkts's military stvategy will permit, doubt much fighting will yet have to be done before the Union Jack is seen fluttering., to the breeze in the capital of the Trans vaal Republic, and many valuable lives will have to bo sacrificed, but the Em pire's hand has been set to the plough, and there must be no turning back until the reign of Boer tyranny is effectually terminated. One of the most pleasant features of the deplorable campaign is the all-important part which the gallant sons of Ireland have played all along the line. Where the fight has been most severe, and danger the greatest, there the Irish Brigades hare been in the thick of it, their indomitable courage compell ing admiration, almost akin to reverence. A graceful tribute of esteem, then, was it for the Queen to set the fashion to her millions of subjects by wearing the three leaved shamrock on the birthday annij versary of Ireland's patron saint a few week's ago, and none the less portentious in significance is the visit now being paid by Her Majesty to Ireland, after an absence of so many venrs. Over and above the royal welcome that is being extended to our august Queen, there is to be read a very hopeful sign of the times, and we may with some confidence opine that the day is not far distant when the miscon ceived ideas of political rancour and re ligious hatred will give way to a policy of wise discernment and tolerant govern ment which will lead to lasting peace and true union. At a public meeting held in the supper room o.E the Town Hall la't evening, the Mayor presiding, it was unanimouily re solved on the motion of Mr". J. B. Tucker, M.L.A.. that a rifle club be formed in South Melbourne. The names of (>3 gentlemen were handed in as intending members. "■—A very interesting nnd instructive evening was spent on JFriday, 31st_ult., by the mem bers of the St.' Anselm's Literary and Debat ing Society, the subject being '* tmpiooaptu Speeches." The subjects chosen were of a very warlike character, which evoked tlie greatest enthusiasm. . There was a clean sheetat the police court on Tuesday morning last, the magistrates in attendance being Messrs Hartwcll and Thistlcthwaite. At a meeting of the chemists of South Melbourne, recently held at the Montague hotel, it was resolved to continue closing at 9 p.m. sharp, in accordance with the regu lation framed imd.r the Factories and Shops Act, as the result oE a petition signed by the cbemiBts b£ this city about three yeare ago. On Tuesday evening, 20i.li nit., a large number o£ friends and admirers of Mr. W, lvirby assembled at Mr. May's spacious club room at Mills' hotel, to wish liim good luck and bon voyage on the eve of his departure for London. The room was prettily decor ated, and the altering, in the able hands of the licensee, was all that could be desired. A splendid programme was arranged by Mr, Woodman, and during this evening a hand some ring .was presented to the guest, who ■warmly returned his thanks and assured those present that the presentation would always remain the red letter day of his Australian experience. The principal items of the even ing were rendered by Messrs Gale and Ormc (duet), H. Woodman (comic), A. Hobbs, W Briggs, W: Burner, A. M'Kitchic. and G. Adams. Mr. H. Orrae acted as chairman and, Mr. T. Spenser olliciated at the piano. On JSunday last at St. Peter and Paul's Church, South Melbourne, Mr. John T. Kin aban sang Gounod's "Ave Maria." This young gentleman possesses a pure soprano voice, of rich quality anil marvellous range, and his beautiful rendition of this sacked song was the theme of admiration and favor able comment by the congregation. Mr. Kinahan is to appear at the Melbourne Town Hall shortly. Mr. A. E. Quick, who' with his family leave for a trip to the old country on Tues day next, was entertained |by a number »f friemls'and members o£ the Albert Park Tent I.O.R, (of-which he is - secretary) last Wednesday evening. Mr. Thomas Smith. P.D.O.B., and Mr. J. E, Heath) Dis trict Treasurer, were present as representa tives of the Victorian District Independent Order of Reehabites. Mr. Quick, with Cr. Baragivanath and others, will represent Vic toria at the great Temperance Convention, called by the Archbishop of Canterbury, to be held at London in June. Mr. Quick has been commissioned by a legal firm in Mel. bourne to visit Ireland and Scotland in con nection with some large estates. Ue will be away for about six months. As the result of a juvenile cntcrtainmen! held at the Howe Crescent Congregation! Ilall 011 22nd ult., in aid of the Umpire Potriolie Fund, the sum of £■> Os. Cd. has been handed to the Mayor, with a detailed balance-sheet signed by Mr. A. Cavcuagh, treasurer, and W. li. Forslcr, secretary. At the Kaptist Mutual Improvement So ciety last Monday evening, Dr. J. J. Kitchen pave n very interesting lecture on "The Eye." I!y numerous modelsjlie"explained to the audience the magnificent construction of that most valuable organ, and afforded a lot of tnctL useful informal ion. In moving a vote of thanks, Mr. C. Newbnry expressed the hope that Dr. Kitchen would again favor the society with an address, and the applause with which Mr. Newbury's remarks were re ci ived showed that the doctor's lecture liad been thoroughly appreciated. The South Melbourne contributions to the war fund have now been handed in to the Mayor of Melbourne. The sum of £271 18s. Sd. goes to the Empire Patriotic Fund and £270 7s. 2d. towards the Bushmen's Corps Fund. The difference in these amounts is accounted for by the fact that one donation of £3 Us. was given fpecially for that fund, while one .donation specially for ilie Busli I men's Corps Fund was ,CI lis. Gd. Among tlie donations to the Indian Kaminc Fund we note the siims of £1 17s. lid. and £1 5s. Od., sent by the Albert Park baptist Church and Sunday school respectively. At the Port Melbourne police court last Monday, a young man named Uric Williams was found guilty of stealing several bags of sugar from Mcssis Poolman & Co's. refinery and sentenced to three months' imprison ment. A. E. Curnow, a grocer, of Withers street, South Melbourne, who purchased a bag of sugar from Williams, was charged with receiving, and acquitted with a severe reprimand. The iCth anniversary of the Dorcas-street Presbyterian Chuicli was celebrated last Sunday, when special services were preached in the morning, afternoon, and evening to crowded congregations. On Tuesday a very succcssful tea meeting took place, and this was followed by a concert, to which some of our leading vocal artists contributed. A very succcssful concert was held at the Temperance Hall, Napier-street, last evening in connection with the Never Fail Tent, I.O.H., for the purpose of raising funds for tlie Tent prizes. The audience was large and thoroughly appreciative, the eveniug's ar rangements reflecting great credit on the corresponding superintendent, Mr. II. J. Ponton. An excellent programme of vocal and musical items, as well as recitations, was well supplemented by a number of splendid biograpli views which M r. Alex. G unn showed to excellent advantage. Among the residents of South Melbourne who are just now joining in a general exodus to to tbe old country, Mr. N. Howley, of the Limerick Arms hotel, and Mr. S. G. Potts leave by the mail steamer11 Omrah,'' on l'ucs day, 17th inst. 3 lie Tramway Company's traffic arrange ments for Easter week appear in our adver tising columns. Full details aie given as to times o£ starting the first cars on Good Fiiday and Easter Monday. The arrange ments are planned with a view to allowing passengers plenty of time to catch the special and otlu r up- country trains leaving Spencer street station. The last cars on Good Fiiday will leave the city termini at 11.30 p.m., and on Easter Monday at midnight. The usual fortnightly meeting of the South Melbourne A.N.A. was held in the Mechanics' Institute on Monday evening last. The bus iness set down for the evening was a debate, the Eubject being " Which has the greater influence on the AVorld—Wealth or Intel lect I" "Messrs A. A. Fevcrill and Craddock affirmed the side of Intellect, and Messrs 1!. Hocking and John Ileid that of Wealth. The debate proved to be a very interesting one, some very good arguments being set forth on both sides. At the conclusion, the judge announced his decision in favor of Intellect by seven points. On the motion of Mr. John Rcid, (seconded by Mr. A. A. l'e< erill, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Jffi. G. Terrill, who capably acted ia the capacity of judge. A very enjoyable. musical evening was spent by the members of the Dorcas- street Young Men's Guild on Monday evening last. The various iteniB contributed were vtry interesting and well rendered. The evening was opened by an overture by Mr. Hocking. Mr. F. Carter sang, •' I seek for Thee in every Flower." Mr. L. Thistletlr.vaife gave a rendering' oE There is a Tavern in the Town." "The Frenchman and the Flea I'owder" was the title of a recitation by Mr. P. Norwood, which.was very amusing. Song, "The Skipper," Mr. H Pulhman. Sung, "The Yoeman's Wedding," by Mr. IS. Hock ing. Mr. W. Hcrscliell. recitation, entitled "Motherhood." Song, " Big Ben," Mr. G Culliford. Mr. A. E. M'Micken, reading from Kudyard Kipling, entitled. "The Woman at Windsor!" Mr. R. Johnson, song, "The Spanish Guitar." Mr. A. Ileid, song, "The Island of Dreams." Mr. J. W. Herscholl (Bendigo), song, "Bid. Me to Love." Mr. J. Beid, recitation, " The Boys." The even ing closed with the National Antbern. We. understand that great interest is bung is shown in connection with the " choir con test" at the following competitions. Already two or three gentlemen are hard at work organising singers 'to form societies, so as to be eligible to compete. This choir competition ought to prove a great incentive to our local musical friends. The Literary Societies' concert in the Town Hall cn Monday evening, promises to be highly successful. In addition to the really excellent musical programme, Mr. A. G. Lumsdcn, the renowned society enter tainer, will give an exhibition or sleight of band. The magnificent biograph pictures, in clucivc of up-to-date war scenes will Le shown by Mr. Alex. Gunn, who will also manipu late the liarmoniphonc. We are informed that quite, a demand is being made for the tickets, which arc obtainable at West's and Jones', Clarendon-street, and W. V. Saxton's, Brjdport-gtreet. As a means oE celebrating the amalgama tion of Court La Plasteier with Court King of the Forest A.O.F., a very enjoyable smoke night was held one evening last week, at Fcarson'-s Silver Gate Hotel. Refreshments were provided, and a splendid programme of vocal and musical items was gone through," At the Melbourne Ilarbor Trust meeting' last Wednesday afternoon, general regret was expressed at the illness of tlio courteous secretary (Mr! J. H. Haydon). The Chair man said he had sten Mr. Haydon the pre vious evening, and he was hopeful of b: ing able to rcsunlc his duties in a few days. ■ Commissioner Treganownn is the'lighting mcmber.of the Melbourne Harbor Trust, who goes " agin (he Government" at every op portunity that presents itself. An opening was made for Iiim at last Wednesday's meet ing, and in condemning a proposal recom mended by the Financc Committee, lie went so far as to accuse the Melbourne ship owners of " fleecing" the Trust, over the arrange ments By which they held certain coal sites. There was an outburst of indignation against . the introduction of such unjustifiable language, and it was some time before the Chairman, in that scductive style of his, suc ceeded in restoring a spirit of harmony which nuially characterises the proceedings of our Harbor Trust. lit consrqucnce of the Easter holidays, the next Albi rt I'ark Assembly will take place ou Wednesday instead of Thursday evening nest. Intending members arc requested to see the secretary (Mr, C. A, P. Myers) who informs us that a most successful season has already been ensured, A large and thoroughly representative meeting of gentlemen was held in the Town Hall last Monday evening, the Mayor (Cr. Cockbill presiding, for the purpose of con sidering the best means of saying goo"U-byc to Mr. F. G. Milesj town clerk, on the occasion of his visit to the old country, whither he sails by the " Medic" on Wednesday after noon next. After discussion, it was unani mously agreed that a presentation in the shape of a purse of sovereigns be made to Mr. Miles, apd a subscription list opened in the room was most liberally responded to. Mr. W. H. Dow was appointed hon. secre tary to the movement, and' he has since ob tained a number of additional donations. The presentation to'Mr, Miles will be .made by the Mayor in the Council chambers next Monday at 5 p.m., when he will also be asked to accept a valuable travelling ease, as a token o£ esteem from thp officers of the Council. The Easter Fair, to raise funds for the re duction of debt on SS. Peter and Paul's Church, will be officially opened next Satur day evening at eight o'clock by His Worship the Mayor (Cr. Cockbill). The Fair will ex tend over three weeks, and Rev. Dr. Graber h looking forward to a crowded attendance of generous people at the Hall every evening The programme has been specially arranged by Mr. licubcn Marks. On Saturday evening last a number of ladies and gentlemen-from this city visited the Austin Hospital and entertainad the patients of that institution at* a most en joyable concert. Mr Bert Humphries played nearly a 1 the accompaniments, besides sing ing •' Dorecn."- Miss Bertha Scboll gave a very acceptable rendering of " This Work-a day World " and " The Carnival," and with Miss Nellie Ivillingsworth, sang the duet, " What arc the Wild Waves Saying ?' Miss Ivillingsworth also sang " Far Away," and Miss Ethel Benson was loudly applauded for her items, " The Promise of Life," and Twickenham Ferry." By special request this lady also gave "Ma Curly-h"ade"d Cabby," with accompaniment by Miss Marion Benson. Miss M. McLean played a couple of violin solos for which she was deservedly applauded, and Mr. E. Herbert Andrews provided a musical treat with his selections of Irish airs and Hill's Grand March. Mr John It- id was splendid in his recitations, "Our Boys," "Our Folks,"and" D'Artagnan's Duclamation." Mr John Baker was most entertaining with some of the latest phono graphic rccords, and Mr. T. B. Heid sanir a couple of very acceptable comic items, " I've Been Left in Charge," and " How They Apologise." At a committee meeting of the South Mel bourne Football Club held oil Thursday evening last, it was unanimously agreed to 'establish a team to bo known as the South Melbourne Juniors. They will compete for the Metropolitan Association Premieiship, and be under the joint management of the South Melbourne Football and Cricket Clubs. The arrangement is one that should find general favor in local sporting circle?, and it will be seen by reference to our advertising columns that a public meeting is to be' held at the cricket ground on Wednesday even ing, 18th inst., at 8 o'olock, for the purpose of formally organising the Junior Club. lira. Helen O'Toole, who keeps a draper's shop in Park Street, was victimised on Thurs day night hist by someone who gained an entrance to her premises by means of skeleton keys, and got away with a quantity of colored cloth, valued at £1 IGa 6d. The opening football match of the season will be played on the local ground next Saturday afternoon between South Mel bourne and Footscray. Prior to his depaiture for the old country, Hon. Gcotge Godfrey, M.L.C., who was cn tertainul at Scot t's liotcl by a number of personal friends and parliamentary colleagues admitted to partnership in his business as a solicitor, his two sons, Mr. Urncst Martin Godfrey and Mr. Herbert C'tcil Godfrey, both of whom arc commissioners for taking affidavits in all the colonies. Of inteicst to coupon collectors. In this and subsequent issues will be found a detailed list of names of the business firms of South Melbourne, Albert Park and Middle Park who give coupons on cash purchases. This will be found a great convenience to our readers. A meeting of the friends of Mr. Chas Moore, who has been selected for the Bush men's lmpirial Contingent, was held at Mr li. Bourku's hairdrcssing saloon, lltidport strcct, last Thursday evening, for the pur pose of arranging a pleasant scud oil' to Mr. Moore. Mr. F. G. Salter was appointed secre tary, and after discussion, it was agreed that Mr. Moore be entertained at a social evening and picscntcd with tome token of the esteem in which he is held by his Albert Park friends. The chairman (Mr, Bouike), slated that Mr. H. C. Cumberland had pro; mised to supply all tables, crockery, &c.;, that would be required, free of cost, while Mr. D. C. Kenneally would donate the ales and c|\ir!t«, It-—*rao-.orrrtoged that Alt. Salter. should consult Mr. Mcorc as to a time that would be most convenient for'him to attend, and the meeting adjourned till ngxt Tuesday evening. 