AMUSEMENTS. THE BIOSCOPE. Of aU the numerous entertainments that have been introduced by the authoii ties of the Young Men's Christian Associa tion intn the Victoria. Hall orobablr not one has been enjoyed by such a large and enthusiastic audience as assembled on Mon day evening, when the latest importation — the Bioscoptv-was set in motion. The pro gramme consisted of realistic, majestic, ar tistic, and comic films, which were thrown on to the canvas as perfectly defined and almost steady pictu cs. Dull thoughts van ished from mind, and as Mr. £. 11. Steven son proceeded with his descriptions of the pictures the following lines were suggest ed:— Tbe other, with a film before a light, Tbe wbole world marshals to our aurt'rd sight. And flings broadruax in dancing black and white Upon a screen TQl scarce we durc to think we see aright, But in a dream. Some exceptionally good hand-painted slides of the finest English buildings were depicted, and the biograph pictures we.e much admired. One of the most pleasing was Lord Roberts'* arrival at Cape Town. Every movement, from the moment of leav iug the steamer until he was seated in his carriage, was lifelike, and the same might also be said of the march of the first Aus tralian contingent of mounted ritics through Cape Town on their way to the fiout. They, too, had a good reception. The fire brigude turnout and its work subt€-iuent:y made one think of the deeds of Superinten dent Booker and his gallant men, so rcalis tit: were the incturvs. iVraai* t;te moss in teresting of the many ochcr exhibits were 'Rice in skip.-' b-jats around the Channel fleet,' 'Photographing a ghost,' ''Great gale at Dover,' 'Yacht- racing,' and 'The Queen driving through Windsor.' Almost at the -conclusion, ''The Curfew must not ring to-night'' was recit ed, and was prettily illustrated with t.n hand-painted slides. Mr. Stevenson, who is of the London Bioscope Company, is an excellent lecturer, and, as he has some thousands of slides, a person may visit Vic toria Hall every night during his stay— he will probably remain theie until the end of the week— and see something new. Another entertainment will be given to-night. A concert in aid of the widow and or phans of the late ilr. H. Harris, of the Naval Reserve, was given in the Semaphore Town Hall on Monday, evening by the Port Adelaide Orpheus Society and the Sema phore Orchestra, aadsted by ladies and gentlemen of tie district. There was a fair attendance. The Orpheus Society, under the conductorship of Mr. J. W. Channon, sang. 'Comrades in anna,' 'Parting,' ''Tile chafers,' the solo part in which was under taken by Mr. B. Tott; 'Departure,' ant! 'The old banjo,' with a fair measure of success; and ute Semaphore Orchestra, un der the leadership of Mr. T. Armstrong, rendered a couple of overtures. The soloists were Miss Louie Marshall, who sang 'Avc Maria' (Mascaimi); 'Flight of ages' (Be van); Miss H. Boyce, 'The better land' (Cowen), and 'lit for tat;' Mr. F. W. Al len, who gave ''The deathless army' (Tro tere) and 'The wrecker's bght' (Bar nard); Mr. Owen Trevett, who contributed 'Poreen' f Allen) and 'For all eternity' (Mascheroni) ; and Mr. Will Barr, who sans two comic numbers. Mjss Beatrice Carrick played the violin solos 'Bohemian Girl' and r'SyU-b.' Messrs. F. Hancock and W. O. Warren officiated as accompanists for the Orpheus Society. 