ST. GEORGE'S CATHEBBDRAL, SPECIAL CHILDREN'S SERVICE. Yesterday afternoon, in St. George's Cathedral, a special children's service was held, which was attended by the scholars of the following Sunday schools:--St. George's Parish; St. Bar tholomew's, East Perth; St. John's, W?est Perth; St. Alban's, Highgate Hill; St. Paul's, West Perth; and Christ Church, Claremont; and the Girls' Orphanage. There was a large congre gation, and the Lord Bishop of Tas mania delivered an address. The Bishop spoke of mission work. He said that among the last words that they knew of that Jesus spoke on the earth - were "the uttermost parts of the earth." Jesus, as he ascended to Heaven, instructed the gospel to be preached in every part of the earth. The question when he came to earth again would be to each, "What hast thou done for the uttermost parts of the earth?" The present, he continued, was the closing year of a most wonderful cen tury, and God's Church had done won derful things in the century, but chiefly during the last 20 years. In 50 years hence, perhaps, it might be inquired of their Church how it had entered the new century, and they should have high and noble dreams of increased work for God to start the century with. Let this period be looked upon as the beginning of a new and better spirit among them all, and let their inspiration be to do the work of Christ in the utter most parts of the earth. They were the soldiers of Christ, assembled to carry out tie blessed message. There was a vast field before them. There were Chinese missions in Sydney and Melbourne 1o be helped, work to be done in Melanesia. New Guinea, South Sea Islands, and many other places, including Australia itself." After referring to the work to be r accomplished in the northern part of Australia, to which a Bishop was to be c sent, Dr. Montgomery said that the dio cese of Western Australia wanted help s more than any other, for there were vast f regions almost untouched. An assistant bishop was needed, and.the other colonies recognised this. The Bishop went on to observe that he felt inclined to say that, as the diocese of Perth had tremendous. t work to do, a new diocese might be t mapped out up in the North- West, and he.thought they might help to get a third Bishop for the colony. The na tives, as in a story he related, could say that they had been waiting a long tims or Christ's soldiers to come to them, and they would be right, for they were taking a long time to carry the message to their uilenlightened brothers. As'for the South Sea Islands, they had never had enough, money or clergy to send thither, and here again they could ima gine the natives saying, "You were a long time coming, my white brother." However, a great Jubilee Mission move ment was being organised, and in Au gust all the highest of the clergy from Australasia, and some from .other parts s of the world, were to assemble in Sydney I with offerings "from their people, who were going to make them as large as pos sible. The Bishop of Perth would make the offering from the Perth diocese. It was a very desirable thing to have the children's contributions separate from those of the churches, and preparations were being.made to this end. In con clusion, the Bishop urged them to re member Christ's injunction to spread His Word "to the uttermost parts of the earth," and to help God's work. "MISSION HEROES." At 4.30, after the children's service, the Bishop of Tasmania lectured-on the subject of 'Mission Heroes." Dr. Mont gomery said that they should not re strict the term mission heroes to those few memorable workers of their' own or the last few centuries, but they must go right back to the Old Testament and remember that every one of the old pro phets was a hero. Every one of the great'apostles was a great Christian hero of the early days. What could be no bler or higher than the work-of the mis sionary? It was absolu)ely Christ-like. The ideal of Christ must be presented to all people, and the missionary had to present this to various peoples whose ideals differed. Christ was of all races; there was the difficulty. The Christian hero, the minister, had a whole field to himself to labour for good. The mis sionaries were the only philanthropists who went to an inferior race for the race's sake, and that alone, and not for personal motives of any sort. As great hetoes as ever lived on earth were men of our own time time, numerous great missionaries who had laboured in this hemisphere. There were, to commence, Bishops Selwyn and Patterson, than whom there could be no more dissimilar natures. Two men in England had heard Selwyn preach, and followed him. One, McKenzie, had gone to lour in East Africa, and Patterson, the other, had gone to the South Seas, where the association of him and Selwyn had made their work famous. A bishop who had died at his post was Bishop Steere, who had his field in Zanzibar. Bishop Steere's life in a small volume was a wonderful record of the work, and he (the speaker) kept the volume, which was now out of nrnt, to show that in the Church of God they had high and noble intellects. Bishop Steere, whose health was failing, had been pressed to return to England, but his reply was "Africa may be a very poor place to live in, but it is an excellent place to die in." The church in Zanzibar now stood'on the spot where once the slave narket exist ed, and the monument of the noble bishop's work was demonstrated by that. Another of the list was Bishop Bombas, who was now labouring among the Esqui meaux in the Arctic Circle. He had not left his people for more than 20 years, " when he attended a conference in Eng land and then returned to the Arctic regions, and would die there, as he was over 70 years of age, one of their mission heroes. God alone knew the great heroes of our day, for men were performing work which never was made public. The Bishop next quoted from a book called "Finished Courses." which was publish ed in the year 1865, which gave an ac count of the lives of the early mission aries on the coast of Africa, and vividly described the suffering endured by them on the Gold Coast, and told of the fright ful mortality among the devoted band of missionaries and their wives. These faith ful soldiers had worked for no praise .from man, but had laid down their lives for Christ's work. All the work of the great missionaries spoken of and many others showed that among the greatest men of our day were some of those mis sion heroes. The speaker concluded with a stirring appeal for sympathy and help in the mission field. Some people, he said, gave one hand only, but let them give their two hands. Let them not despise the inferior races, but try to teach those poor people the message they themselves had got. EVENING SERMON. In the evening-there was a very large congregation in St. George's Cathedral. The Lord Bishop of Tasmania preached. taking as his text, "'The water that I shall give to him shall be unto him a wv'F of water springing up into everlastii.g life" (St. John, iv., 14). The waters from God's temple, he said, flowed from God's treasure house. Nothing could really check the river of God's grace. 'he river of God's righteousness, which was to spread over the whole earth, was banked up by parochiai selfishness. which permitteI no blessings to reach the dis tant land; that was blessing themselves, and not blessing others. Were men obey itg Christ's command to spread the Gos pel of God's grace throughout the world ? Worldly men had often died for their own country, but not for an inferior race. No superior race had ever helped an inferior race by sacrificing its wealth on the pure lines of benevo lence. It was thus that Christ's \- people had such a vast field for labour. Some able persons would state that Christ's soldiers should eliminate donma from their otherwise excellent work among the natives. It was only their dogma which took them there. It was the spirit of Christ which was the force which started the river of life. The mis sionary spirit had been far more active, and more men sent out during the last 30 years, than at any previous period. The Church Missionary Society, in the last 20 years, had sent more and abnl9 men than during all the rest of the cen tury. The mission movement swelled every day in volume. The Spring Well of Life had not ceased, but the rush of waters had passed unused, because there were few to send to take the Water of Life to every human heart. The speaker proceeded to say that it had been deter mined to present an extra offering in order to utilise more fully the. power of the Holy Ghost to their utmost means. The lowest sum to be raised in any dio cese was £10,000, and that was Western Australia's portion. The money was to make up deficiencies in their present work and to spread the work in Austra lia. New Guinea. Melanesia, etc. After referring to the scheme and prospects, the Bishop exhorted every person to help 'forward the work. 