Seventy times Seven. rOBIJSHBD et SfEOUL AEB1K9EHBHT. By ADELINE SERGEANT, xAuthor of' " The Story of a Penitent Soul," " Jacobi's Wife," " Roger Vanbrough's Wife," '"The Groat Mill Strcot Mystery" "A Life Sentence," " Dr.OEndicotfc' a Experiment,"' "A Rogue's Daughter," "Tho Look of tho House," " Casper Brooko's Daughter," "No Ambition," &o.;, io. lcopyeiout. ' " CHAPTER XIII: — ( Omtitutal). It was partly for this reason that ho did not linger loug at Gay Street on' the even ings when Magdalen was to be there. . "An infatuation for a face," as he called it to himself; ought to bo discouraged. He tried not to see her— not to speak to her. And it was easy enough to avoid her, for alio never thrust herself in his way. Mr. St. Aidan thought that his interest in tho classes for working-men was dying out; but this was not the case, though he wus sometimes so tired that it was us much as ho could do not to fall asleep over the wearisome read ing and writing lessons. He had a, careworn look, and excused himself from one or two of the Rector's invitations on the ground of want of time. "Making haste to be rich I"' observed Mr. St; Aidan to bis wife, with a half-sad, half-contemptuous smile. "Poor fellow! I am disappointed in him after , -all." Ursula was right when she once said that :Max was more misunderstood by his friends than by his enemies. It was by accident rather than by design -that he met bliss Lingard ono evening after the boys had gone awav Ten o'clock had struck, and Max had volunteered to help tho Ileclor in re-arranging some books in a cupboard. To tell the truth, that vision of a face bad been unusually troublesome all day, and ho felt inclined to try whether a meeting with its owner would not lay the ghost. Ho had not seen her for some time, and lie was startled by the pallor and tho weariness of her face! "Wait for me a moment," said Mr. St. Aidan, bustling away into another class room with a pile of linen-covered books. " I'll escort you home, Madge." bliss Lingard sank down on one of the 'benches with an unconscious air of fatigue which struck pain to Jinx's heart. For a moment she closed her eyes. "You do too much," Max said to her abruptly " You are over-tired. You ought not to have eomo to-night." She opened her eyes with a look of slight surprise. ' There is no ono to take my place here," Kko answered gently? " No ono can do your work as you do it," said Max, almost roughly, " I sknow that well enough; but surely somebody might be found to help." Then lie broke off, and added, with a vexed knitting of the brows, " I beg your pardon. Of course it's no business of mine." >Sho smiled. She was not offended, he remarked, but shu looked a trifle roused and amused. Ho turned away, impatient -and angry with himself. Why should he have manifested' any interest in her doings? They did not matter to him. Only he did not like to see a woman half-killing herself with work — that was all. "Your sister teaches in the Sunday school at St. .lude's, Mr. Brondon," said Magdalen, presently. "Do you think that she would help us here?" Max looked at her and hesitated. "I don't know. She might. Shall I ask her?" "1 thought of calling on Mrs. Breudon," said Magdalen, " and trying to enlist Miss llrendon's sympathies." 'I'm afraid," said Max, in a low tone, "that her sympathies are not easily : enlisted." Here Mr. St. Aidan returned, and nothing more was said. Magdalen was a -little sur prised by Max's maimer, and wondered whether he judged bis -sister harshly, or whether she were really a very impractic able person. She paid ber visit next day, and formed 'her own conclusions. Mrs. Breudon was lofty and patronising ; Ocrtrudo uninteresting and uninterested. Cecil luunged in and out of tho room again, superciliously polite; Bessie was forward and pert, and sulked when her mother snubbed her. Ursula did not appear. Magdalen's keen eyes observed all that was painful in the scene, and she judged leniently of Max's shortcomings ever after wards. It taust have boon uphill work for him to interest himself in the poor at all, after years spent in tho midst of such a family. She met Gith no success when she asked Gerbrndc toTielp her with her class. Ger trude had 110 fancy for giving up even one evening a week fur tho sake of a "set of shop girls." Neither aid nor sympathy cuuld be looked for from mother or daugh ter; and when Magdalen rose to go she felt chilled and discouraged, although her gentle serenity was apparently undisturbed. She did nut see Max again for a couple of nights, and sho noticed, when they met, that his face woro a singularly troubled and dissatisfied expression. "I was unsuccessful," she said to him, .-With a smile. "Yes, I know. I am sorry. You did 'liuf see Ursula':" " No. Is sho another sister?" "Sho is too young and too — too inex perienced to be of any use, I am afraid; but sho ivould like to come for 011c evening to look and listen, if you will allow her. She has teased me into asking you." " I shall be delighted to see her. Perhaps Mrs. Breudon will let her come regularly?" "I can't say," Max replied, rather shortly. "I don't think she wishes it, but Ursula generally gets her own way." Tlio dissatisfaction of liis tono was evi dent. Magdalen wondered, but did not liko to question. Perhaps Ursula was only a repetition of Gertrude, with a school-girl curiosity superadded 1 But she iuvited liim to bring licr, whenever Ursula liked to come. Max's own opinion wus that- permission for Ursula's visit hod been dearly bought by a violent quurrcl between the girl uud her mother, and a subsequent appeal to Sir Breudon, who had decided in Ursula's favour. Mrs. Brcndon was deeply offended ; Ursula Saucily triumphant. Max, sore and bitter in heart at the unhappy state of affairs, manifested his dissatisfaction by appearing' only at meals and wearing his gloomiest countenance. Ho escorted her to Gay Street, as ho had promised to do, but ho said scarcely a word to her 011 the way thither, and Ursula, usually on -such good torms with him, felt that sho was in disgrace. Sho wits too proud to let him see that this troubled lier; and lier oyes wore very bright, her smiles very sunny, when she was introduced to Miss Lingard, with whom Max left her when ho went to his own class. At tho eloso of the evening lie wont back for her, and found her talking eagerly with Magdalen. It was plain that shu hud been enjoying herself ; her colour and her animated look told Max us much. "Anything now?" ho muttered to himself, knitting his brow as ho waited for her to don her outdoor attire. "You'll let me come every sveek, Miss Lingard, will you not?" Ursula was saying cugorly. "I should dearly liko to teach that littlo lame girl — oh, it will bo dolight- full Every Wednesday at eight o'clock. I'll be most regular." | "Ursula!" Max could not keep his voice from growing, jieremptory, and his brows dark? " You nro Hot freo to dispose of your time in that way." "Thank you, Mr.' -Brandon," said Mag- doleu, who liad been , looking half-pleased arid half-perplexed. "I was going to ask her a question about 'her home duties.'!.' Ursula gave her shoulders an impatient twist. : ' ;' "Do you think," Magdalen asked; Willi a glance at Max's face, "that Mrs. Breudon would object to her coming to' help mo now and then?" "I am sure of it," said Max, moodily. "Ursula has her studies; she will not bo allowed to leave them for a whole evening once a week." Ursula's eyes flashed angrily, and then as'suildenly filled with tears. Magdalen saw tho chaugo in file girl's face, and pitied lier. .She could not quite understand Max's tone ; it seemed to her harsh ami unkind ; but she did not know all that had gone before. As it chanced, however, she said the very thing that was good for Ursulu to hear. " Patience, my dear !" . sho murmured, laying her hand caressingly on the girl's arm. "Perhaps you will be able to help me by-.nul-by when yoiu- school-days are over. I cannot have you hero if your mother disapproves of your coming; your work would never prosper if it began in dis obedience " Ursula lifted lier tear-filled eves for n moment to Miss Lingard's face, then stood downcast, and silent. Magdalen drew her aside; sho did not want Max to hear all that slie said. But Max's ears were -very quick. " ' We needs must love the highest when we see it,"' she quoted in her sweet and gcntlo voice. " What is ' tho highest ' .for you just now? To follow your mother's wishes, dear child. No good will eome of neglecting tho duty that is nearest to you." ' That is," said Ursula passionately, "that I am to go home and do lessons — lessons — lessons, all day long, and have no real work in tho world ; and you will go on working here and — and — forget all about me !" Magdalen was inclined to smilo at the trcmb'o in the gill's voice, but she re strained herself. After all, it was nothing to laugh at. Poor Ursula, goaded into rebellion in an uncongenial home, yearning Tor an affection which was withheld, had suddenly caught a glimpso of the beauty of work for others less favoured by fortune than herself. Her whole nature responded to Mugdalen's gentle call. She was ready to fall down and worship her new friend ; and lo, the idol was quietly rejecting her adoration! " I will not forget you," said Magdalen. " You will help mo when you come to the Priory sometimes, when you have a holiday. I will write a note to your mother about it. Believe me, dear, you will be happier if you give up your own will and your own way. Remember that 'obedience is better than sacrifice.' " Sho kissed the wistful face as she said good-bye. CHAPTER XIV. Makktixk and Giving ix Mari-.iage. USUI, A was at ship must bo Lurniiig to «onlide her ad- ill i r a t ion of . bliss Lingard , . to Max, but silo dul not like to the silence ill which the first few minutes of their walk home wore passed. He w:ts seldom angry with her ; but sho knew that he was angry now or else I10 would speuk instead of lighting a cigar, and then walking with his "hands 111 liis pockets in a sulky way. At last she coulil bear it 110 longer, and said petulantly, 'Why don't j-ou talk?" "I've got nothing to say." "Why not?" Then, afte'r a pause, "You generally help me ; you ure not usually so cross." " Help you ! What do you wish me to do now? Help you to defy your mother's wishes? You know I will net do that. I brought yon hero to-night under protest." Ursula was rather dismayed, and, but for the influence of Magdalen's words, would have been angry. " I don't mean that," sho said, 111 a sup pressed voice. "I meant — I mean that I'll try to do what sho wants. Miss Lingard made me seo that I ought." . ' "Oh! So a word from bliss Lingard, whom you liuvo never spoken to before, goes farther than anything your own family can say." " You never said unylluiig." "You knew what I thought. Not that what I thought seems to have been of much consequence." Ursula hated cryiug, but she was obliged to raise her hand and dash away ono or two tears that were dimming her eves at that moment. Max saw tho gesture, and his heart softened' at onco. "Never mind," he said, kindly, putting his hand through lier arm. "If you mean to do better, it doesn't matter who made you see the rights and wrongs of the case. There is something horrible to me in seeing a girl defy uud disobey her mother; it is unnatural — unwomanly!" "It's so diflicult sometimes to get on with mammal"- Ursula murmured with drooping head. "You don't know how unreasonable sho is!" "Don't I?" Ho turned away his faoo and recollected a few of the instances in which blrs. Breu don had been " unreasonable " in her de mands upon him ; instances far more numer ous than any that Ursula could enumerate. Its hard for a girl to bear," he said to himself with a stifled sigh, as he drew her closer to his sido und spoke with a tender ness whioh ho seldom allowed himself to exhibit-. " Thero are plenty of tilings in tho world- tliat wo must make up our minds to bear ffuiotly," ho said, ."and when we know what our duty is, wo have no excuso for neglecting it. You and I, Urea, both have our difficulties; let us put a good face on them and bear them together. Tliat will help us both." "Dear old Max! I will try. And you won t bo cross with 1110 any more?" . " «- sood girl, then I" said Max, suffer ing himself to. bo drawn into the shadow of the shrubbery (they had reached tho garden gate) and; vehemently kissed before they entered tho house. Ursula gave him a curi ous look as they stood on the front-door steps together. " It's an odd thing," she said, " that yon and bliss Lingard take just the same tono in talking to me. You huvo not been consult ing with her, have you?" " Not I," laughed bfax, feeling his face grow hot for some reason or other. " I don't know her well enough to consult lier." "Then you must be naturally much alike," said Ursula, as she wont 011. And Max was annoyed with himself for feeling pleased. Ursula's submission to bliss Lingard und Max involved submission to her mother; and she never did tilings by halves. Max was ainar.ed to hear her words that night to Mrs. Brcndon': " Thank you for letting mo go to Gay Street-,' mamma. I'm sorry I was rude and ill-tempered about it. I'll try to behave better in future." " I'm sgro I ,hope you will," was Mrs. Brandon's ungracious response, as she al lowed the girl to kiss lier coldly-proffered check. But the words had perhaps some effect 011 her decision, when a nnte from Miss Lin gard arrived, inviting Ursula and Bessie to tea at the Priory on tho Saturday following. Mrs. Breudon was not insensible to the advantages of being friendly with a woman so intimately connected with " the County " as bliss Lingard. Certainly she was living iu retirement for the present, but slie might take up the old Society life at any moment; she might oven marry splendidly and keep open house at the Priory, and then what a good tiling it would be if Ursula had gained a footing there I Oh, yes ; the children might go to the Priory; that, as blrs. Breudon carefully explained, was a very different thing from joining Miss Lingard 111 foolish schemes at Gay Street. Ursula curled her lip disdainfully at this distinc tion.- but wisely restrained her tongue, aud the invitation was accepted. TO SB COXVINlTf r). 