REVERBERATIONS. [By Hugh Kalyptus.] Oh, fancy! Somebody has gone to the Incredible mental exertion of calculating that every woman carries .from 40 to 50 miles of hair upon her head. Wihpse hair, and does it embrace the negress? Fancy having to measure round the crisp curves of Keewaygoosh-turkemkankangewbek, a matron of* marvellous tonnage I used to know, whose oil too brief name signified "The lily, the same shape all She way down," that is to say, fair, and slender. Has any one calculated how many miles of thread there are in a bridal. veil, or better still, a ball costume, fir the person'who has capacity and leisure to measure every individual hair in a woman's tresses might go one better and give us that. There are some arithmetical maniacs who will tell you how many fleas there are in a dog, or how many yards of loose skin in the hide of the rhinoceros at the Zoo, who always wears a coat three sizes t^o -large. I would like to know how many nobblers of whisky I could have bought with the mining calls I have paid, and what number of decades of years it Would take to drink them. Last year Chicago, we are told, turned out 40,000 pianos. I can quite believe it, because every lodging-house has one. The proportion of piano-tuners apparently is about-one to every thousand, judging from the absence of harmony. The Sultan of J-ahore is evidently an oritinal-minded monarch. He has improved upon tiger-hunting by using bicycle beaters to drive the tiger out of the jungle; but lie does not tell us how the cyclist can wheel through the tangled jungle. I can quite imagine the disgust of a tiger when trying to make a meal off a bike. "Great Kruger's ghost!" he would say; "what sort of a skeleton has the Sultan given us? There's, no flesh on these bare bones. Where's the man?" Tiger-hunters usually: tie up a buffalo as bait for the tiger. Why not use. a secondhand bike instead? There*b J EL chance of getting rid of the vast accumulation of that kind of artielein the auction rooms.of Adelaide. Another article we •would gladly spare is the street organ— with the oi^an-crinder given in. The. instrument that wheezes out "Soldiers of the Queen" would drive . out of the densest • jungle in . Northern India the biggest and boldest tiger that ever gave a nigger a Tide Inside. Some civic iconoclast has been barbering the gumtrees round Adelaide, and cropped their iiair so close after the fashion of barbers, that they look like a equad of convicts standing for inspection. Look at a eucalyptus basBoides with its fine umbrageous branches before cutting and note its melancholy, shamed aspect as it stands with bare poll jeered a)t by the sparrows, and poked fun at by passers-by. Here is a long double row flani- jug the road by Victoria Park, through whidi I was wont to walk £very day for years enjoying the shade. Now even the ants get sunstruck and the cattle have to take turns shading one another. Talking of shade, a funny instance occurred at Victor Harbour. We were watching from tile balcony of the Crown Hotel one blazing hot day, a most portly blackwoman in Salvation Army garb holding fortii about our sins. She had with her a little black boy in- somebody's cast-off ^hirt, an airy garment, and he always kept well within the vast shadow whidh his sable evangelistic parent cast like a public building. But the old lady in the excitement of her exhortations kept shifting her position, leaving him for a moment in the glare of the sun. But the sooty urchin was equal to the ocdasion: As tie old woman "moved, he dodged into the shadow again, and I am afraid we lost the moral influence of the discourse in the unconscious comedy of the kiddy following a shadow. The aboriginal Hallelujah: lass was. so oblivious of it all thait it intensified the situation. 