; THE MALEVOLENT ENTO MOLOGIST. A Clay Fisk Stopy. Magruder's Sanatorium Is a modest frame ; house In a region of New Brunswick fre quented mainly by tired city men from the Spates, who arrive with rllles and Asking poles atid return laden with experience. One even- ing mere were several ot us outside on tne bench where the Ash stories are told. Old Magruder was sitting a few feet away on a turned up pail, with his back against the house, smoking, and ready to corroborate anything with additional details. At last the Major gave us a story of a black bass, which story caused, even on the Ash bench, a silence that might be felt— that might ' almost be whittled, in fnct. The lawyer, who 'was on the other end of the seat, afterwards itold me privately that he considered he felt Justified in alluding to the Major's story as a —in short, as an untiuallAed statement. The chilliness of the social atmosphere called Ma gruder to the rescue. He removed his pipe, and we gave ear, for we felt that the man who followed the Major would have to climb exceeding steep. "You remember, Mr. Fisk," he said, "Arst summer you boarded here about that circus giant who was convalescing with me, the giant from Plumbscenter's Cosmic Combina tion? He was recommended here by Joe "Wilkes, who had Etayed here before — Wilkes, the Human Armadillo, one of Plumbscen ter's champion freaks. Chap whose epidermis was so tough that you could jab him with a jack knife without puhcturlng him anywhere. If Joseph was here now he could back up these faels I'm goin' to give you, but he ain't here, because he's dead. Anyways, there was him and me and a furrlner called Walewski. None of you city gentlemen had begun to come then, but Walewakl w'as on a scientific sort of tramp, writing a book about entomology, which, I understand. Is a kind of eddlcatqd bug-huntin'. He wtas a little, thin, yellow galoot with a bald head, and used to bring in bottlefuis of queer homed bugs, and centipedes, and varmint generally. L never ' cottoned to these crawlers myself, 'specially since I once boarded down In Verglnny Ip a house that had been a tobacco factory. The. inseeks there used to assemble at 11.30 p.m. precise, and advance to the attack in army corpses. Yes, sir, Mike Donohuc and me we used to put each leg of the bed into a tin dip per of water. Was there a bug dismayed? , Nary bug. They ascended the walls in.lnjun file till they reached a spot on the ceilln' exact over us, and then left holt, and landed with unerrln' aim. Mike used to sit up holding a candle while I caught "em on the Ay In a pickle , jar half-full of Iced water. 'There she jumps,' says Mike, land then kerflop into the pickle jar. It we sport, but It wasn't slumber. I change he subject, Major? All right— where was T? 'h, the -entomologlser! Well, as I was saying. n and me we couldn't pull together nohow, ne used to sit in his room with a microscope and the table covered with bits of card, and pins, and squlrmin' things, and an atmosphere of chloroform and cyanide strong enough to jam the door. His specl- ; mens used to escape, and wander all over the house. It is dlsconcertln' to have the back chawed out of a new over coat, even if It's done by a unique example of a pink-eyed larva; and when my wife found a green caterpillar ten inches long in her bed, and flung It into the ash-barrel, the entomologlser actually used language because we'd killed It, He said it bad the eplzooty, and was a pathological study. My wife said she didn't want to be bitten by no pathologi cal Btudy, especially if It gave her the epl zooty, So I told him he'd, better pack his yallse and hit the road. He said he'd not move till his month was up. I told him I'd let my rooms to a single man, and not to a darned plague of Egypt, and If he djdn't go peaceable I'd. Are. him out with a shovel. I think he was a little bit looney by the way he raged iaround, but he went, and I fumigated the premises with brimstone, and breathed fcg/ilr|. \ "I tl ' 'jtVblewski must have found refuge .With t.yiie of them bluenoses over the valley, for he came along the road one day, and looked over the fence at me. " 'Morning, Mr. Magruder,' says he. 'You don't like insects near your Sanatorium. iWell, I've bequeathed you a few. Good-bye.' "He went off smiling, and my wife and I bunted again all over the house with candles, but couldn't And a trace of any crawler, and guessed Walewski Was only bluffing. "A week or two later my wife gave the hired girl a vacation, and went off herself "" ito see her folks over in Maine. There weren't any boarders with us at the time, except Joe Wilkes, Although Joe was the Champion 'Armadiilo he wasn't a bit haughty, We shared the same double-bedroom, and he helped me with the chores like a little man. He went out Ashing or gunning most every day, being a dandy shot with any flrearm. "One awfully hot night we had both re tired, but left the window wide open. Wilkes was soon asleep, but I wriggled about on top of my bed perspiring. Tlie night was a dead, fieavy black, except for a white blaze of heat lightning now and again, As I lay listening ito Wilkes', steady breathing I thought I could hear a faint musical sound round the house. It was a kind of nasal note, rather deep, like 'oo, oo, oo-oong.' It seemed to come near, and went past the open window very loud, like a harpstring,. and died away. Presently It grew louder again, and louder, till it boom ed at the window and entered the room like U gong. "It was pretty horrid to lie In the hot black ness and hear that thing blaring away like brass. I rolled under the bedclothes, and as I did so I was stabbed in the thigh through j the sheets by something that felt like a red- ' hot bayonet. It stuck, too, and seemed to twist round, while I warped and gasped un able to And a voice with the fright of It. When I did And a voice I pearly tore the shingles off the roof. " 'Wilkes, say Wilkes!' I yelled. 'Wilkes, oh!" The thing plucked out and, stabbed me again. I kicked like mad. '.' 'Hello, what?' cried Wilkes, sitting up wide awake with my yell, anil grabbing bis pistol off the trunk beside him. He couldn't see any thing, of course; but the creature, driven off by my flopping the sheets, had boomed to wards the window again. ' Wilkes was follow ing fhanolsa yrtthifcls pistol muzzle, and just then a special white glare of sheet lightning lit up the open window like day. Against it j we saw a hoveling black shadow like a snipe for size. t Bang went the pistol with a Btreak of yellow Are against the white, and then It fell dead black again, and we groped In the smoke for matches. "When we got the lamp lit, and examined the place at Arst, we couldn't see anything unusual. Then Wilkes held the lamp, to the window-frame near the' top.: 'See here,' said lie, and drew hi3 Anger along among a num ber of tiny drops. 'Blood,' he said, looking at his red Anger. There was a flne spray of the same all round the frame, but no remains either inside -the room or on the ground out side. "'I hit the tiling dead centre,' said Wilkes. 'I know I did,.- and, anyhow, mine Is a trick pistol, you know, for smashing glaBS (mils with In the circus. The cartridges look like ball, but they're really small shot. I couldn't miss.' - " 'Then Where's the remains of the brute?' I asked. " 'If it had been a. bird or a. bat,' said. Wil kes, 'I guess we'd have found some remains.' "'Well,' said I, 'ghosts don't bleed, arid neither do they prod a fellow's logs ydth bradawls. You can go back to bed, Joe; I don't feel sleepy.' 1 "I reloaded the pistol, and spent the rest of live night in a rockier. Nothing happened ex cept that my leg swelled in two 'lumps like oranges. I put ammonia and wet bandages to the places, and gradually got better. The nearest surgeon— Doctor Bladen— was twenty- flve, miles, down the river. Front curiosity I cut a silver from the blood-marked window- frame, and sent it to him by the express man with an account of the affair. He replied sarcastic— that two lone men, when the family was from home, was liable to see curiosities, and, that the blood being human, it looked like an attempt on our part-to fool a respect able family physician. "This staggered me and Joe some; and after I had spent three nights la a smaller bed room with shutters closed; and was nearly a goner from asphyxia, while Joe revelled in security, and slept with his feet out of tho window, I began to feel tired. It was still as hot as ever. One evening before sundown I had supper ready, and was on the verandah waiting for Joe. I saw. him crossing Qulmple's Hldge, and desoend into the valley on his way to the house. He appeared out of the woods about a quarter-mile away, with his basket arid flshlng-pole, but he was running and whipping the air with the pole on one side and tire other, and then he jumped and let drive straight overhead. It was a crazy way to behave, and when he turned in his tracks and stared at the wood for half a . minute I thought the sun had touched him. "When he came up to the stoop he put down his pole, rind says he— '"'Magruder, there was' nothing but cold tea in my flask, arid I ain't subject to hallu cinations. Magruder, ' that dead-water pool down in the wood is just boiling up with skeeters.' . "'Huh!' says I, 'there ain't np skeeters within, ten mile of thla Sanatorium. It Is the unique hotel on the American Continent. The menu contains no mosquitoes.' " 'This unique hotel,' says Joe, 'is going to contain riiosqultoes that Plumbscenter would give 100 dollars a-ploce for. Magruder, I've seen mosquitoes as big as the one' I blew to fruzzle last week— the one that sucked itself so full of your' blood that Doc. Bladen could And nothing else on the window frame.' "I felt my Infrequent locks upstanding on my scalp. 'Did they bite you?' I risked, an xiously. . "'Bite me!' said Joe, contemptuously. 'Me. the Human Armadillo 1 They tried to, but I guess they , bent their beaks some. I reckon they felt so streaked that -they, Just took to the woods for cover. But .1 should surmise' they'll he around here after sundown with a few brethren arid sample you, Magruder. You ain't no armadillo.' " 'This Is some of that low-down entomolo- glser's proceedings,' I said, bitterly. " 'Just my Idee,' said WilkeB. 'He's bred a prize strain of skeeter abroad, perhaps, nuri put some eggs In the pool where they'd hatch good In . this weather. Gosh, ain't they a- hatehin.'!' "T don't care,' says I. 'I can't sleep an other night In a closed room. It ain't no good putting up mosquito curtains. These terrors would just waltz through 'em bald-headed.' "So I Axed up two flne-mesh Ashing nets, arid lay all night a-wlltlng underneath, Every time Joe woke up and saw there me with a bull's-eye lantern a-studyimg Noah Webster's dictionary, he would say— JS-sh— "It Is tho Moor— I know his trumpet:'" Then he'd get up arid look out of the window, and pretend to listen. ' " 'There she blows, old hosBl' says he, 'I hear the mellow trill of their bazoo.' '. "But they didn't come, and when he woke In the morning, and I told him so, he seemed dis appointed. " 'All right, said he, after breakfast, "I'll go right down and see how they're pro- gressin'.' "'He took his Winchester and a few cart ridges, and went off to the wood. I'm just giving you what Joe said occurred, and Joe was a respectable person If he Is dead. He went Into the wood and down to the dead- water pond, and there was WaylewskI with a tin box full of wadding, and eggs In it as big as a robin's. "Walewskl's face and hamds was all some lclnd. of grease paint, and he smelt, clo'es and all, 's If he'd been sloshed In car bolic and kerosene and chloride, and wrung out by the sanitary department. This was to keep the prize mosquitoes off'n himself. They flickered around— about a dozen of them— but with a kink In their proboscises expressin' dlBgruntlement with Walewski. " 'Morning, Mr. Walewski,' said Joe, plea santly. 'I perceive you're a settln' eggs.' " 'I am, Mr. IVilkes," said Walewski, quite calm.. 'I And that my live projuce die as tonishing fast. Possibly being from abroad their constitutions are delicate. I hope they had strength enough to call upon Mr. Mag ruder.' He looked ugly at Joseph, who was pensively Angering his Winchester, " 'Mr. Walewski,' said Joe, 'they have call ed. -Mr, Magruder is a friend of mine, Put down that bojt of varmint!' He spoke loud. " 'I won't,' said Walewski.' Joe shot the box out of his Angers into the pond, " 'Mr; Walewski,' Bald he, 'I don't like the style of your pants. Take 'em off.' " 'I won't!' said Walewski, madder'n a wet hen. Joe shot the heel off his boot. " 'If you don't look spry,' said Joe, 'I'll shoot tlie buttons off'n you to save you unfas tening them. I'm a good shot, but not Infalli ble. Don't take no chances, Mr. Walewski." " 'This Is most onreasonable, Mr. Wilkes,' said Walewski. " 'I ain't no hog," said Joe. 'You may re tain your other elo's, including your stove pipe hat. It looks respectable and tony. I don't want your rants. You may take 'em with you after you take 'em off. But If you don't elide out of them p.d.q. I'll nip tho rim off'n your ear. You hear me?' "The entomologlser got out of his pants in haste. The hovering skeeters Bwooped down like tho wolf on the fold. " ' "Stand not upon the order of your go ing," ' said Joseph, quoting Bhakespeare, whom he admired, 'but vamose Immediate!' "Walewski was gone before he had flnlshed, Joe followed him quick, but he hadn't no in ducement to scoot like Walowskl. Every now and again, while the entomologlser skipped across the pasture beyond, he gave a yell and sprang six feet as a skeeter carved him. Over the stone fence Walewski stopped a moment to try putting on his pants, and got one leg on, but had to resume his travels so. The last Joo'saw of him he was careering up the Ridge with his garments flopping like tho banner In 'Excelsior,' and the last lone slcee- j ter Insplrin' him to loftier flights. j "A cold snap came und laliLout what was I left of the mosquitoes. Joe brought back a dead one as a sample, and I preserved It in a bottlo of whisky, but It had wilted consl- | derable, and Joe accidentally swallowed It In a At of abstraction. I never thought it high- toned myself to drlnlc ou'n a' bottle." — "Peo ple's Friend." 