M. Wiec;and, the Sydney city organist, has been forced lo resign hi6 position owing to some petty disagreement with the civic Council. The, Council must have had M. Wiegand's resignation in view for a long time, for an advertisement has appeared in a Manchester paper inviting applicants for the " vacant " position ; 103 answers came in, but none from organists of real emintnee. Hardly likely, if the tenure of office hangs on bo frail a thread. On board the ship that took our laBt Contingent away there was a very warm five minutes between Colonel Kelly, the officer commanding the Contingent, and Captain Collins, the Secretary for Defence. The Colonel was indignant and disgusted at the way in which hie men had been treated, and he told Captain Collins in very forcible language what he thought of the matter. In duty bound Captain Collins took up the other view, and the two of them went at it, surrounded by a group of interested spectators. Colonel Kelly reviewed the whole situation in a very vivid manner, and accused the Department of not having kept faith with the men in several matters. The argument grew very heated and very exciting, and for a few minutes it waB a toss up as to whether it would end in ft fight. But it didn't, though it was " very nearly almost '' Mk. Joseph Casne {Brough Company) iB so tAkfcn with the Australian climate and surrouhdings that he talks of persuading his mother and broth •when thi-. for a tiin. Thk (; , certain p; upon the so that , the gar l.i,-1 a nd, afu-i it in the for it wah '"MR. G barrister, ladder \>i : ing man at the i went to i degree of his brotlif a thorough its branch; very nice v - will alway. the facts vn a lot of both noted for Ir, witness hut; • of him w ha; • case of ai. v M'Arthur is "I the ]>,... u ; s "iL-dU(t j.:/. 1,10 ^rrune ^ • n »e ni V a "•e it? . > a n'l I'M ,v -b Grammar H, if;,: • ^ E o c f p ^ * nondur-jr.„ Wio '.V MoretW,,^. \- j n txair.imr He *»».»£ i ''lit negeneraiiy r>llr, ' 1 he wautf. \i:. ' ii, t)le to be foundc Anothkv; •, Muner^ho County Conn ,vj'h Mr M'Ar L' Grattan Katm-'rm He w-< 't\ ville Collet- riallarat, and ^ M-A., lL B , .1- t h ^ W I Next to Mr. Court pracL^wf, LK-.-J^i v a r V6rj Court j^.' often to/«,av„ there the defeir^l iVmfi fii, must waW Kim when' the c him. H\ f^Vturmiii; Ji^'rto ' mouth andX^iinVfoeyerv then when liwNwsc. camkto witness he ri^r-p slowlv, ai.riirjsf, manner begin- to afk (jutfiiow innocent question? at tirst, b®t" >;'» v take? , the case gi' . hit temper, no He never me in! much the ^ U n d ^ questions a • taring «n £ an import;. published a ^ Wasley he • Cases ' from ',10 ItW, snd I S. Robinsoi .: \v. Reported C.i , joint anthor ot with Mr. Transfer of .i Act J690. MR J. S Court barricoUege as ^ Al'Arthur d, He frequen' often acts a author of practice. 1 18SG aL the : he has been Eelf Bteadily very hard gr a moment to He " f t holds brief* « g i ,.wn ProsecuW"^ ••'Vt^' 1 spp.i-e i° r 3 was helped on his mission to " i couple of sizable ehuijues from "South Wains politicians. N S.W. ~*iVavs looked much more kindly ir!:erf than those of m lief provinces. DO favour in Victoria. To THE 1'llKMII-l;. TEtpliRue we'll get "ou prove iilean ; Fi'v't dun't forget Wt Mints Make Clean liking ihe Cnu n j'rince to »? be after nil that William's treat love ami amotion for t thouijiber free from diplomacy. 1'riiK-e of Wales am! the sons are n-jond eoiuiim, but it is Mavife far the (Jrown I'nnee, and "'try hrnited choice wiv.n selecting leasing to read thr> p-., -.'e enter Lyne'k big scheico* t-.ir resuming JKcd Darling Hail.our, Sydney, ««* project ijnite a= Imi rtily as if !°;. tclr * piled invective abuse and "-d'.vHenui shrieks a-.v ust every and ethics coin',;: |d in the M r - hjnt'ii scheme m itible one. teiucp we are lu- arti: \ ; 1 openly J '«M-.ip»l Sialism iu ir nesses of l t \ er ) arsumeNt. thatap. Vf , ,a f - in this *vour of miiii:' 1 owner '•vs'-nne, tiam ems and ti:r sttiiiswhieh the - ' isiiioned ' enterthe , • of the would ' -fy our owned e. Pacific |;V 'i uil(l tertaiu ihe • !h • i never < tn;,|tmvotatj • 1 •• latter '''uj'jl if Mr. Lyir.'s „ n r rf c L'o.rm lu ,. sni:iptioiV. •-- v. ould obvious • a very tn the ^'ipuundB tor I ' a dozen 111, 5 U j la '»lv, no \ rj-1 iikWlin 1 r '•ter has awarded' f I^IT' 011 - eh sere of hiB ' with il„r ;. • King 0f h, -»-rdeaWIlh BB- ' : 1 -gue of as he WltoT L-jl' L '^C hi I ro d mts. v, ^'nir/r l h e m H|UI their i! l U hu- - of >»'B rim- ' J ' Ert here, ];0(j, ^d Uro„ won 'ied the the •rces, is is the • ront by Botha is forty-two years old. He is not an extremist of tb o Kruger and Cronje order, but Btrictly a follower of Joubert's policy. Botha has been noted all along as an opponent of Kruger, an anti- Krugerite. As a member of the Rand he has spoken seldom, but always on the liberal and progressiveBide. Hecultivatessomeof the taciturnity of Moltke and General Grant. Hen niker- Heaton ought to have got the Postmaster-Generalship, according to the common verdict in England. The Duke of Norfolk resigned it, and Lord Londonderry has been appointed his successor. A bad move, because the public feeling is that the Peerage is too strong in the Cabinet. The Duke of Norfolk has been a splendid Postmaster-General. One thing he has done is not emulated in Victoria. That is allowing increased weight in the letter to go for 2d. The consequence is that there is not the worry of continual weighing nowadays in England with which we are so familiar. Now. all thia cheapening follows up the policy so persistently urged by Henniker-Htaton. Therefore, the grievance of his not getting the job is not peculiarly of his own. His appointment would have been agraeeful recognition of Australia, justat this time, with our African Contingents and Federal agitation. Sukgeon-Lieutenant "Pat" Lang, who sailed with the Imperial Bushmen, is a young Victorian medico, and a nephew of Andrew Lang the great English journalist, historian, novelist and general authority on ghosts and all other recondite subjects. He only completed hiB medical course last year, waB one of the Trinity College athletes, and is engaged to go as far as Beira—unless the British Government should require him to become permanently attached to the Victorians. W. G. Stekvens, the Daily Mail's correspondent, who died in LadyBmith, waB discovered by Henley when the latter w T as running the Ni u- Ptview. Henley was the most observant and discriminating editor in Kngland, and all the young men he took up turned out well. Steevens waB an eccentric, and when only twenty six married a woman of sixty. Strange to Bay, thiB peculiar union was quite a success within the limitB of possibility, and the pair were quite devoted to each ot her. They lived in Lord Nelson's old house, " Merton Abbey." Mrs. Steevens is a wealthy woman. Lohd Roherts was a bitterly disappointed man when this last glorious opportunity arose. In 1890 he wanted to exchange the Indian command for the reversion of the billet of Adjutant-General in London, next man to the Commander-in-Chief. The Minister of War, Stanhope, as good aB promised him this. However, Wolseley set his face against it. Wolseley and Roberts have always been antagonists. A special jar between them was because of Huberts' hatred of the short service system, of which Wolseley was the champion. After the magnificent triumph of the march from Cabu) to Candahar, Roberts visited London and was entertained at a Lord Mayor's banquet. There he spoke of short service in Buch terms that it is alleged Wolseley and the Duke of Cambridge left the table. In 1893 Roberts was relieved of the Indian command. His prospects were utterly dubious. He saw Sir Redvers Buller put over his head into the post of Adjutant-General. The complaint was of little " BobB " being too old. Verily, time brings its revenges ! The baton of Commander-in-Chief is now at Roberts' mercy, while Wolseley will have the consolation of being played out. Lawson's complaint re the "lot austere that waits on men of letters here," published in Sydney, haa been copied in part into all the literary journals of consequence in both England and America, and the comments on Henry's tale of woe are never complimentary to Australia. To be sure, LawSon has not fared as well as he deserves when considered aB a writer ; but many worse writerj have fared much better, which goes to bIiow that absence of certain qualities —quite apart from the literary quality —iu Lawson is responsible for his hard fortune. His books have sold very well ; better, comparatively speaking, than those of many popular and successful writers in England, but H.L. is apparently a young man who wants somebody at his elbow with a fair amount of business instinct. Authors, if they marry at all, should marry the beat business women available. Paul Kruger was always " slim," even with his fellow Boers The author of "An Englishman iu Paris " recalls the fact that the former President of the Transvaal, Bhortly before his death, stated that all his efforts at reform and organisation had been balked by a Boer leader for the purpose of ousting him from office and securing the Presidency for himself The person referred to wa« " Paul Kruger, who had betrayed me after promising me his and his party's support." The Bpeaker was President Burgers, who, in days gone by, spoke plainly to the members of the Raad and the Boers thus : " It is you who have lost thiB country and sold your independence. You have ill-treated the natives, you have shot them down, you have sold them into slavery, and you will have to pay the penalty. I would rather be a polici-man vnder a strong Govcmmfnl than the President of such a Stats." It is curious to recall the utterance when Presidents are going out and policeman coming in. In 1750 the Boers, having killed and plundered the Hottentots, came into collision with the South African buBhmen and made it warm forthem. Just one hundred and fifty years later the Boert find themselves in collibioii with the Australian Bushmen ; but history is not likely to repeat itself in the result. Wtif should the Victorian officers have been compelled to resign theircommisBions when they enlisted in the Imperial Regiment? Surely they could havu been considered aB being on special service. In the British army when a man is sent out on special service ho is sLill retained on the strength of the regiment. Colonel Bingham is an example of this. Ho is an officer of the Royal Horse Artillery, and came out to New South Wales, and then to Victoria as military adviser. He is, however, Btill kept on the strength of his regiment, and receives promotions in the ordinary manner. Why couldn't our officers have been treated in the same way ? Colonel Kelly was an officer of the Field Artillery, and in order to go in command of the Imperial Regiment he had to resign his commission The consequence is that when he returns he will find his position filled, and he will be compelled to go on the reserve In this way a good officer and one whohaB Been active Bervice will be lost to the Artillery. Pdkuii's advice to the Government is : Do away with this idiotic regulation and keep the position open; for the officers will be all the more valuable to Victoria through having done practical work in the field under Bervi^Bj^editionB. At the annual Conference of members of the Victorian State School Teachers' Union, recently held - in the Town Hall, Melbourne, a motion expressing the warmest thanks of the Union to the editor of the Schoolmaster (Rev. W. Potter) for the able manner in which he had so long conducted the paper, and for hiB untiring energy in upholding the claims of the teaching profession, was unanimously passed, to be recorded upon the minutes of the Union. Th e sporting and social world of Melbourne will regret to hear of the death of Mr. Charles F. M'Cartie, who paid a lengthy visit to Australia same threeyearsago. He was an enthusiastic hunter and gentleman jock. At tho Hunt Club Meeting at Flemingtoa, in September, 189S, he won the Ladies'Bracelet Steeplechase on Ajax. "Charlie M'Cartie " could not remain idle when there was either fun or fighting in the air. Fighting for the British in South Africa, a Boer bullet found its billet and ended fun, fighting and life for Charlie M'Cartie. The Pall Mall Gazette publishes Borne sympathetic lmea from a friend and fellow sports man. Here are two of the verBes : — " Ye've died as ye lived, Charlie M'Cartie, And it's not for me to Bay ye nay to day, For Charlie ye tumbled straight When the bullet hit ye nate. " Bedad, ye rode ; bedad, ye had an aim ; A twi°t in both eyes for maid or for game. What matter now your soul's at rest— Ye've played your part amongst the beat." 