CBESSWELL-TICHBORNE CASE IN NUTSHELL. (To the Editor of the "Australian Star.") Sir,,— "Facts are stubborn things," and It is with facts alone I propose to deal. The Royal Commission has- ended itg in quiries,. and the .result is mysterious Indeed. It Is an admitted fact that young Roger Tlchborne'caine to this country In 185-1. It Is alleged tliat u man numed William Cresswcll also -came to this country In 1S54. There Ib, however, no reliable evldenceln support of thut allegation. Nevertheless, it is believed, and may be ddmltted, that he was in tliln country-at a period subsequent to that date. A Coroner's inquest, held at Urana In 1872, found that "William Cresswell" was killed by lightning.., In. that. district In January of thut year. This Is a matter of record, Roger Tiehborne had on him, certain marks; some from- -his -birth ; others known to have existed for many yours, such, for Instance, as a mark on his nose,1 caused by the sttug of u wasp. There were, no particular murks known or. alleged to exist on the said Williuin . Cresswell. It Is a - well-known fact that Roger TIchbbrne, soon lifter. his arrival In this coun try,- for reasons of his own, concealed his Identity,, and assumed, from time' to time, dif ferent names, to wit, Castro, Smith, Cress- well, &c.; . A man known asWIUiamCresswell was once upon- a. time arrested at Tumut and taken to GladeBVllle ABylum, and subsequently to -Par ramatta Asylum. , On his admission to the latter,' It happened that he was asked what , a certain inurk on his. nose was; . and lie re plied, "It came from .the sting of a wasp on Bullsdown Farm." and un entry to that effect was .then . made In the caserbook of the asy lum. Bullsdown Farm wus a part of the Tieh borne- Estates In England, und It Is well . known that such an incident did occur to young .Roger Tiehborne. On being admitted he had given the namo-of William Cresswell, and he affirms that ho came out In 1854 In the ship Maid of Judah with cattle. It lias been ascertained -from tho shipping record qf tliut date that the Maid of Judah did arrive In Syd ney on December 30, 1854, but the manifest of her cargo en that trip shows that she brought out no cattle," arid the name Cresswell Is not among her passengers. This Is matter of re cord. Evidence has recently been given before the Royal Commission by two doctors that most of the marks known to -have been on Roger Tiehborne are found on the patient In the Par ramatta Asylum. He still persists, however. In saying that his name Is William Cresswell,. and that he brought out cattle In the Maid of; Judah In 1854; still bent on concealing his. identity. ' Is his statement a fact? or Is It merely evi dence of insanity, or dementia? . , ' In' the circumstances, tt may 1 he asked, whlch;l».the most likely fact— that the patient Is the said Roger Tiehborne or the said Wil liam Cresswell?— the ghost of the latter, or -the llesh and blood of the- former? . , Readers, Judge for yourselves from the facts here stated.- Refute the fncts If you can, or acknowledge "non possumus."— Yours. Ac.. J. B. C. HUXHAM. Combined excursion trips to Hawkesbury River by rail, connecting with >he steamer General Gordon, take place to-inorrow (Satur-- day) and on Sunday. Trains will leave Syd ney at 9.5 ii.m. cn Saturday, 3 a.m. aud 9.32 a.ni. oii Sunday, and the river trip will oc cupy- abou. Ave hours' each day. ; , The. I.G.M.S. Barbarossa arrived at South ampton on Wedriesday, 25th Inst., three days In advance. 