THE F U N C riO N roT cD V E R N M E N r. T b erb is a tendency ju s t now, on tbe part of certain m em bers of tb e H ouse of Assembly, (o disregard th e d istin c­ tion th at should ix ie t betw een the legislative a n d executive functions of Governm ent. T his is to be reg retted , since it m u st be subversive of d isc ip ­ line thro n g h o at th e Oivil Service, and is likely to lead to a considerable am ount of eonfoeion and oomplication. M inisters a re responsible to P arliam ent fo r the p roper w orking of th e departm ents over w hich they preside, and th e occasions a re rare indeed w hen L egislative interference is really justified or necessary. W e can recall b a t one instance wbicb th e decision of th e M inister in regard to m a tte rs relating to tbo employees of bia d epartm ent was reversed by tbe action of P a rlia ­ m ent, atid th en th e fau lt rested Dot w ith either tbe M inisterial o r perm anent head of the d ep artm en t, b u t w ith a senior officer, whose services were subsequently dispensed w ith. There was abundant justification for bringing th a t case before P arliam ent, b u t tbe result unfo rtu n ately has been th a t tbs Legislature has been besieged w ith departm ental grievances, and th a t these, in some instances, bave m ade hoir appearanoe before one branch of the Service to w hioh tbey happen to h ave reterouce, has been placed in perm anent w orking order. T he latest a ttim p t to usu rp tbe adm inistrative functions of th e ExicD’ivo h as been m ade by Mr. H a ll, who asks tb a t a Com m ittee may be appointed to eDqoire in to th e adm inistration of th e Police D epartment, especially as to th e rem oval of officers and men, tb e d n ty and pay in each district, and th e com plaints from various p a rts of th e oolony w ith rvfereoee to insufficient police p ro tection. The hon. gentlem an m o st be prepared w ith an exceedingly strong ease if he is to commend his resolution to tb e acceptance of th e H ouse. Clearly one of the g re a t recom m endations for eoDfralising th e police force was th e fact th a t it would abolish local infloeneies in tb e d ischarge of police duties. U nder tbe M onieipal system , th e local policeman, like the parish pum p, was a unique work of a rt th a t form ed one of the ebaracteristics of th e village, and w ss looked qu as a th in g of beauty which was to be perm aoeney. T he guardian of tho law w as in som e cases related to tbo local publican, th e M unicipal i Councillors, and others, w hilst, like tho operatic hero of G ilbert and Sullivan’s creation, be reckoned bis sifitere and his cousins by th e dozens. A il this was no doubt very pleasant, but it hardly tended to prom ote police (fficiency. I t became the duty of the Oummissioner, when be assumed office, to make some alteration in th is state of affaire, and, as an inevitable result, he has been assailed from a hundred stom ps and other v antage groonds for creating gaps io social sirclea a o i rem oving idols in blue from the daily gace of adm iring villagers. U nder no circum stances conld tb e Gornmiasioncr bave expeeted to bound into popaf larity. T be appointm ent he occupies is regarded as one of the best in tbe Oivil Service, and quite a num ber of gentlemen th o u g h t, and still th io k , that they could discbarge the duties of tbe office m uch b e tte r th an anyone else. T be friends of these geotlemeo ar* n ot slow to find fau lt w ith the Comrnitaionrr, w hilst, aa we have indicated, parochial pablio opioion helps them , and m u st for some tim e to come be against him . I t is em inently desirable tb a t the polioe should be m oved from station to statio u now and then, and if M r. H a ll's com plaint is founded upon tbe m ere question of removals be w ill find few in telligent propie to sym pathise w ith him . T he rates of pay can be determ ined w ith ­ out resorting to the circum locutory process of appointing a select com m ittee. Tbe salaries paid in Tasm ania cbq be com pared w ith those in force io the o ther colonies, and also w ith those whioh ruled in T asm ania under the m unioipal system , and if tbey are not sufficiently liberal tbey can be increased. T he C om m issioner is not likely to raise any objection to legislation in tb at direotion. A s to tbe insufficiency of th e force to proteot tbe people, w e should recom m end the mem ber for W aratah to oonsult statistics whioh are ready to bis band the Parliam entary L ibrary. If be do< s h e will find th a t tbe num erical strength of the Tasm anian polioe force is eqnal to tb a t iD m ost of th e oth er colonies, w hilst tb e percentage of orimo is loss. The proportion of polioe to population in 1898 is giveo as follows :—W est A ustralia, 1 to 335 j Queensland, 1 to 678 ; T asm ania, 1 to G5? ; New S outh W ales, I to 762; Yictori», 1 to 838; S onth A ustralia, 1 to 1100; N ew Zealand, 1 to 1435 ; w hilst if we take tho retu rn s given on 31st December, 1899 we find th a t tb e num ber of police to tb o population in Tasmania is 1 to 745 These figures do not help to su b stantiate the theory th a t there is a Jack of protection. The intentions of the m over of th e resolution are, no doubt, excellent, end he has acquired a O rom well- like rep u tation for adhering to his pnrpose, notw ithstanding tb earg n m cn ts th a t m ay be brought to bear again st him . He will probably do so in th is case; b ut we feel tolerably certain tb a t P a rlia ­ m ent will set its face a g a in st an y th in g like undue politioal interference w ith the Police F orce of tb e Oolony. T be D epartm ent has h a rd ly y et been constructed upon w orking lines, and oven when it has tb e ta sk of adm inistering i t m u st be th e province of the A ttorney-G eneral fo r tbe tim e being, and not tbe w ork of th e Legislature, Upon broad grounds, members of the L egislature should refrain from m eddling w ith the workings of th e d ep artm en ts as long as they have confidence in M inisters, The prcotioe that has sp ra n g u p of demanding Select C om m ittees into h e w hole w orking of a departm ent, pon som e trivial ground, is obviously violation of the rig h ts of m emberhip, and would, if perm itted to ontinue and grow, be likoly to ntrodnce some of th e very worst eatures of A m erioan politics in to our ystem of G overnm ent. M inisters re read y a t auy tim e to afford tbe epresentatives of th e people tho ost am p le inform ation in rogard to he various departm ents, b ut they hould steadfastly resist ADy attem p t o ta k e the work of supervision out f th e ir hands in o rd er to divide ihc xisting responsibility amoug6t tbe emberB of th e H ouse of Assembly. T he benediction which N orthern public opinion has bestowed upou M r It. 0 . P a tte rs o n w ill doubtless be highly appreciated by T he G eeat th a t gentlem an, and may W estern, io some extent console him fo r the widely different opinion w hich bis conduct has created in tbe m inds of bis — ^ . __ . *. , , ' ow e ooDBtitneots. A s we pointed o u t , yesterday, no one m u st be allowed lo j block th e way to th e W est, and the j P a rliam en tary line m ost be cleared ol obstruction lo tbe passage of tho A m ending Bill. I t cannot be too clearly realised tb a t a rejection o f tbe m easure now before th e Assembly means th a t all the concessions would be cancelled, and th a t all the work wonld have to be commenocd afresh —fo r w h a t purpose ? I t is quite lear th a t th e G overnm ent h as no intention of m aking th e construction of the line by tbe S tate a p i auk in i<e policy ; the Opposition p arty certainly w ould n ot do Bo, end, th erefore, we m u -t look to a syndicate to do the vrork. Can anything bo g ain 'd , b ? substituting some other sy n d ic a te - whioh m ig h t not secure such generous ooDcrssious from P a r­ liam ent—for tbe existing one which h&B; m ade a su b stantial deposit, sod done a considerable am ount of w ork P W e hold no brief for the Great W estern syndicate, o r auy ofht'r, nor bave we auy advantogo to gain by creating a scram ble for concue^iot s by riv al rin g s of fi iauciors, and \hore fore we u rg e liou. members 10 bo true to S outhern T asm ania by k ’-eping those concessions lh a t were sq, hai dly obtained, and by a generous treatm ent of tb e G re a t W estern people to oon sorve th a t w lich is tangible rath er th an h asten off on a will-uf the- wiep chase, a fte r w hat m ight bo. I t is im possible to overestim ate th e port&nce; 0! this question to the residents of Southern Tasm ania, and it is m anifestly th e dnty of (be H o b art electors to give such a “ d e a r and forcible ” expression of their opinion th a t neither th e H ouse of A ssem bly nor tbe senior m em ber for tbe city can fail to understand it. W e wage no personle w ar w ith Mr. P a ttb e s o n in speaking bo plainly on a m a tte r of principle, and speakiog we sobm it, in the nam e of tbosc ibo bon. gentlem an was eleeted to represent, b ut w ith whose interests be has so strangely refused to identify himself. T h e shadow of Federation rests upon the Tasm aDian L egislature. The H ouse of Assembly’presents ju st now ibe picture, not of the L eg isla tio n, initial session of a Parliam ent, b u t iho final effort, of a dying ooe. The am bition, buoyancy, aud bopefniness of y outh arc lam entably absent, and instead we h ave tho p atient resignation and lisllesBncsfl of an authority w hich is about to pass away. T his is very m uch to be regretted, since the im portance of S tate politics w ill be heightened ratb er than dim inished u nder F ederation. Tbe transitory sta te of affairs which prevails ju st now w as well indicated by the speeoh of S ir E dward B rapdok last evening. The address of tbe Leader of the O pposition, destructive as it d cubtedly was, breathed a sp irit of self-restraint, aud was evidently intended to be regarded as an index to much m ore serious sriticism that under freer oircum etancct w ould be possible. T be reason for all this is n ot fa r to seek. S ir E dward B badpov hopes to en ter Federal politics in a few m onths time, and was not last aveoiog in a position to accept the responsibility of a direct vote of condem nation. I t will be well w hen the im pending changes have been made, and the sense of responsibility said to have been restored iu th e case of M inisters is also restored to H er M ajesty’s O pposition since i t is equally necessary for the good governm ent of th e colony- Tt.e M inisterial policy m ay now bo regarded as having been rccepted by tho Assembly, and the only heated debates tb a t m ay be looked fo r will be in rt-gard to tb^ic item s in whioh local jealousies prevail. W hen tbe House of A ssem bly was heroically w restling w ith th e pro ­ visions of th e W orkm en’s Compensation B ill, a few days W orkm en's o r so ago w oerpresetd Compensation, regret a t such a m anifest waste of Legislative energy, in view of th e fact tb at the Council wonld be qnite certain to rejeet the measure. W b at we expi ctrd , and indeed every one else expected, has come to puss, and tho m cm bors of tbe U pper House have eolared th a t a statu te which bae been ccepted w ith g ratitu d e in G reat B rita in is too dangerously experim ental fo r th e more complex conditions w hich prevail in Tasmania. U n fortunately, w ith th e best possible intentions, tbe Legislative Council is content to view pnblic questions from bu t one standpoint, and consid rs merely tb e interests of one sm all eration of th e com m unity. I t is anxious to proteot th e rig h ts of property, and cannot conceive th at there can be any such th in g as property o ther than la'ide,atock, and tenem ents, or som e­ thing th a t m ay be bongbt and sold. Tbe E nglish H<mso of Lords has recognised th a t tbe w orkm an’s labor is a t onoe his capital aod his w orking acoonnt, and th a t if this is taken aw ay o r injured he is poor indeed. The failure of the Legislative Oeuncil to id entify iteel w ith th e general interests of th e com m unity is a strong reason iu favor of th e reduction of tho franchise proposed by tho Lewis C abinet. Clearly property h a s its rig h ts, privileges, and claim to protection, b a t tb a t claim is mnob w ider and m ore extended th an aoems to be recognised a t present, and ocrtainly oaonot be dofined any a rti6oial distinction. Tbe action taken by the Council yesterday wsb a very nuwise exercise of its authority, one th a t certain ly w ill uok be allowed to p a n nchallenged. osd R o b erts is evidently proceeding I ifch tbe fioal effort of th e cam paign, nd it is generally considered th at th e end of tn e w ar is near S ooth a t band. ThiB qniokens A frica, th e in terest generally felt in tho qnestioo, W b a t is o be done w ith the conquered te rriory p T h ere has been considerable iscussion n o t only in th e M otherland ut in A u stralia and S o u th A frica, lu bo latter th ere a re practioally two olicies before tbe people— th a t of the frikander Bond a n d th a t of tho loyalists, w hilst M r. S chbein er, the x-Prem ier, has some vague ideas of ropounding a m iddle course. I t is well that tb e altern ativ e scheme s hould bo thoroughly understood. That of tb e Im perial S o n th A frican AsBocia ion iB sum m arised by the Natal Mercury thus (1) Tbe territory heretofore governed by tbe two Republics to be permanently and completely incorporated in the British Empire, under tbe Union Jaok. (2) Adequate provision for full colonial sBW- aovernment, after whatever interval of m?lital7 m J pr„ e nreeM, ry. (3) Equality in all matters, oivil and religions, between ail white men. _(*) Complete protection, before the law. «f k}( colored people. (6) Adequate territorial or other compensation to British oolonies in South Afrioa, and to all loyal Qolonhts, for losses sustained during the war. (6) Compensation to the Imperial taxpayer in the United Kingdom and in the colonies, so far at it is possible to obtain it, from the revenues of tbe Transvaal and the Orange Free State. (7) Proviuion for doe punishment of rebels. Tbe A frikander p rogram m e fram ed t Graff fiio e t was as follow s : (I) The restoration of unqalaifled freein nnd independence to the Boer Republics. (8) The recall aod disgrace of Sir Alfred Milner, and a guarantee on the pArk of the Imperial Government never under any circumstances to make representations or interfere in the conduct Of the internal affairs of Sonth Africa. (8) The appointment of Governor to be in the hande of tbe people. (4) Tbe abolition of all colonial military forces, aid the withdrawal of ail Imperial troops from South Africa. (6) Tbe boycott of all British trade and British traders, and equality in all matters to be reitrioted to Afrikanders. (6) Entire freedom to deal with colored people in any way deemed desirable coriing to the Africander ideae. (7) No territorial or other compensation to the British colonies, but full compensation for all military acts of compulsion and arrest committed by her Majesty’s troops luring the war. (8) No indemnity to be exacted from the Republics, and the whole burden of the eipcne- of the war to he borne by Imperial and British taxpayers. (9) The constitutional lawa of the Cape Colony to be amended se th at those eonvicted of treason may n et suffer ditfcuQchisemsnt, and the liberty of the Press to be restricted. W e give th ese proposals in cztense in order (0 illustrate th e h eig h ts to whioh pro-B osr im pudenee attains. T bs concessions asked fo r a re eo im ­ possible, so m anifestly uojosk to lands like our ow n, whioh have m ade some sacrifices to aid the c m se of freedom, tb at tbey cannot be e n tertain ed fo r & moment. Those whose wiehes should, and probably will, com m and attention arc H e r M a je s tt’s loyal subjects iu South A frica, who h ave suffered con nidvr&bly; by tho reckless policy of tbo Borr States. I t m ay be impossible to folly com pensate those people for what tbey bave endured, and for the loascs they h e re eustainod, b a t etepi may be taken which w ill render im ­ possible a repetition of th e events of the last tw e ve m onths. T here m m t b ' no chance of another B oer uprising and one effectual w ay of securing this g u aran tee would be to suppress the A frikander Bond. Eira&rss; Maids—The homeward English uuila, which left Tasmania on the 19th nit, arrived in London per R .n .8. Oceana on the SSrd in s t They were due on that date. Edccatiok—Ufe have received from, the Acting Director of Education a copy of the Education Aot of 16SC, with amendment Acte and tbe regulations c-f 1900. The w hole is neatly bound in small book form, and is the work of the Government Printing Department. Tbe book should prove a valaable acquisition to school teacbers and others interested in tbe working of the Education Act. B adlt Pacxsd.—Quite recently tbe Department of Agriculture invited millere to send in eamplBa of flour to be forwarded to England for exhibition. Several eauplei bave been sent in, and the slipshod inartistic way in which one was forwarded to stand the journey to tbe Old Country came in for a deal of coameat from members of the Council of Agrisalture to-day. The floor was enclosed in a little calico bag, which was anything but attractive. Pianos by English and German makers en time payment. Brinsmead Show Scorns, C itt Volics Coust—The Bench at the City Police Court this morning was occupied by the Police Magistrate (Mr B. Shaw) end Captain W. H. T. Brown. Thomas Lloyd admitted being drunk and disorderly in Liverpool street on July 24, and was fined 10s, or seven days’ imprieonment. James Joseph Ronrke, described as a laborer, disturbed the peace Melbourne street, on Joly 84, and was fined 80s, with the alternative of three weeks in gaol. James Lennon was ordered to pay State school fees owing by Hugh Stevenson, a laborer, did not appear in answer to an information charging him with neglecting to comply with an order of tbe Court for the support of his wife and one child made in Jnly last. Mr A. X. Biehardson appeared fer tho complainant, who stated that there was £6 10s owing. The Bench made an rder for the paymest »t the amount and oats, io default a month’s imprisonment. n asaault case, William Slattery v. dward and Walter Batebelor, was .djourned till to-morrow, A. Modsst Ruqvaeu.—The topic of the eather and the craps wee diiauued by everal members of tbe Connell of Agriculure to-day. I t waa admitted th at the eaaon was a good one and big crops were rophesied iu earns districts, “ w h a t I ant,” said out practical farmer, “ is sunhine on one paddock and rain on another,” ut he was told that this sort of thing was ot obtainable. Gbsat W bits ax Railwat—A meeting f the committee will be held thi« evening, t whioh Mr Ryailf, one of the promoters nd alto one of the most respected and aalthy residents of Adelaide will be present. Arrangements will be made for ealing with Mr R, C. Patterson’s eply to the League, and other atters of praising interest. We earn *that the following telegram has een received by Mr Patterson from the North - W est Coast s—“ North - Western residents hope yon will remain firm in ndeavoring to check the Great Western ecandal. Would that more had yonr courage of opinion.” Woods’ Great Peppermint Cure for oughs and Colds never fails, la fid. CovLDV*r Do I t —The question of dean uraerie> in Tasmania waa discussed by bs Department of Agriculture to day, 4 Can the Government Entomologist go ound and say that every nursery in the olony iB free from insect peats f ” asked ne member, “ He couldn’t do it,” said r Thomas. ” Didn’t the Government ntomologist toll us some time ago that a an would be a fool that would do it.” PouLTUT 8bow—The annual show of ho Hobart Poultry Society wifi be held in .be Exhibition Building on August 22 and ll. If you want your hair cut in firsteolais tyle go to Ceonu Bros., Elizabeth street. T o t Ghost—Rumors of a more or leu exaggerated kind are in circulation as to he pranks of some individual who bos aken it into his head to frighten women nd children. Enquiry a tth e police office has disclosed the fact that two women have made reports there, one Stating that about three weeks ago she was'as 00s ted by a man “ six feet seven ” high, who put his hand on her shoulder and announced that he was the ghost, at the same time throwing open a long overcoat aod showing his nresBC to be covered with phosphorous, figured with a design of a coffin and crou bones. To tbe other lady tha man also gently communicated the fact that he was the ghost, and likewise gave proof thereof by exhibiting the phosphorous, etc. To neither did he show tbe slightest radeness other than that stated, nor were they much affected beyond the momentary fright, and tho police regard tbe statements with some degree of doubt. The {description of the ghost in each case, however, corresponds in some measure with ;tb a t of a man whose name is freely mentioned as having perpetrated similar foolishness about two years ago, in that he is tall, though scarcely six feet seven, and wears an overooat almost trailing on tiie ground 1 but the police, after making diligent enquiry, have failed to aeoertain anything of the person referred to. They do not know whether he is in Hobart, but they do not believe he is. Since writing the above further enquiries have been mode by a News reporter in various directions, and the evidence is cnimpeaahable that there is some miscreant prowling about the city at night and alarming women in the way atatad. He has been Been at North Hobart. Battery Foint, and in other places, and in some c«ses hie appearance has led to unpleasant if not serious consequences, instonee after instance has been given of bia vile conduct, bat those who saw him have shrank from publicity in the matter. The po ice should take the cate In hand earnestly, and at once terminate what to many weak and delicate people, and especially to children, is in plaees a reign of terror. Failing this, it wonld not be out of plaee for a vigilance committee to be established for the purpose of running the fellow to earth. If you require a Piano call).and ..inspect before deciding. Brinsmead Depot, 87 Elizabeth street. Tux Policx Fobcx — A correspondent w rite s -T h e motion in the Legislative Council for a return of expenses in connection with the numerous changes made in the Police Force, and the motion fer the eppoiotment of a Select Committee of the House of Assembly ^0 enquire into the working of tbe police under its centralised form, will lead to certain good, especially if a joint committee of both Houses is obtained, so that the subjects may be thoroughly examined by the evidence of witnesses on oath. When the Government of the day considered it was necessary to introdnce a Bill to centralise the police the argument adduced was tha greater tfficieucy in the management of the force that would thereby be effected, and aleo the overthrow of well-known abuses incident to the dual system. Io the belief that these benefits would be effected many members of Parliament supported tbe Bill, and gave it assistance through a desire to see a change in high officials who hava been perhaps toe long in effioe. I have good reason to believe in the ample grounds for the need of this inquiry, and that large results will spring from it if it is properly and courageously handled. For Chronic Chest complaints Woods’ Great Peppermint Cure. Is 6d. fistuesLXD P lants—Plants, tike exciseable articles, are smuggled into the colony according to a statement made by the Minister of Agriculture. Mr Collins etated that whencomiog over in one of tbe intercolonial steamers he saw a man with bunch of green, and he told him that he did not think that be would be allowed to land it in Tasmania. “ I didn’t eea him with it when the boat alongside the wharf,” said the Minister, “ so I presume be landed it somewhere down tbe river. We ran a greater risk by ktnuggliDg than we would by framing reasonable regulations.” The membersof the Council were qaite willing to make things easy all r und, but, unfortunately, iu the interests of saving time, tbey had different ways of getting home. If you bave k beaoacce get a good brash by Cearns Br«a.’ Electric Hsir Brushes. “ Pnooaxss ”—Tbe Queensland weekly, rreyreu, which was founded b y M rJ. G Drake, acd is one of tbe smartest of Australian Democratic journals, has appeared in a new dress. Its letter-press is interspersed with illustrations, and tha publication has some saw features, which suggest that its career is quite in keeping with ite name. H ands Ao&osa; tot Bba. — The second performance of this highly sensational drama was witnessed by a large audience a t the Theatre Royal last evening. As on the initial performance tha piece was admirably staged and acted, and the audience showed their appreciation of a really meritorious performance by frequent outbursts of applause, the principals being called before the curtain. Hr Alfred Woods gave a fine interpretation of tbe character of Jack Dudley and was well supported by Miss Maud Williamson. Mr Boothman woe a decided auooese as Dick Hillwood,at was Mr R, G. Coughlan as Tom Baaeet, a conn try farmer. Altogether the term excellent may be applied to each and every one of the company. “ Hands across the eea” will be repeated again to- night for the last time, and to-morrow will give plaee to “ Tbe Gates of Bondage,” a dramatisation by Miia Maud Williamson of Hall Ooine’a book 0 Tha Deemster," whioh will be produced for the first time in Hobart. Yon can purchase en time payment Pianos at 90s monthly. Brinsmead. Diath o r Ma Obthkui MeAnoo—The death is announced of Mr Orphans McAdoo, a member of the original Tisk Jubilee Singers, and leader of the company known as tbe Georgis Minstrels, a t present touring the colonies. Tbe deceaaed gentle, man, it will be remembered, was the principal bass voice in Mr Loudon's party of Fisk Jubilee Singere who visited these colonies some yean ago- When that oompany separated Mr McAdoe returned to America and brought oat to Australia a party of his own, 86 in number. His company, which has barn most eoccessfnl, visited tho several colonies and at present in Queensland. MrsMoAdoo the lady tenor singer of the party. Some 18 months ago U r McAdoo contracted a serious illness which necessitated his undergoing an operation. He anbeequently visited Amerioa and returned to tbe colonise in apparently improved health. However, seven weeks ago he was again taken ill in Sydney, and became an inmate of Nurse Bradley’s private hospital at Moore Park. From the first his symptoms ware serious, and despite the efforts of his medioal advisers he gradually tank end died on Tuesday, l7tn lost. He leaves besides bis widow e eon seven years of age, who was born in Sydney. Bn, 1. lauds.—From intercolonial exahanges we learn that Frank Smith, the champion billiard player, who is a native of Tasmania, hai agreed to the conditions laid down in Memmott’s last oommunication, that the tnateh take place the firct week In September in Sydney. Anticipating a game against Roberts, Smith has baton playing witn the eompos. On that oint ha oejs—“ I had started with Sonzoline balls to get in a little ehape for anything th at might oome along, bat of conns this mntob with Hemmott p its a •top to that. I was getting on really well, too, with them. In one night's play with Harry Evans I ran breaks of I K and M l, and against Sonny Oolemen on anothsr occasion put up 100 and 216, so you nan sea that I was makiuc soms progress with the delusive m ade' in Ganuauy material.” There is so haggling about conditions with Frank Smith. In reply to Memmottis latest communication he oays—“ I will 'ey anywhere,at any time, and on auy axe of (able. It makes no difference to For Children’s Hooking Cough a t night Woodt’ Great Peppermint Care. Is. fid. OuanaotouiOAt Bo&nm;—His Honor the Chief Justice will formally open the fifth annual exhibition of the Tasmanian Orinthologiool Bociaty in the Town Hall this afternoon. The exhibits ore numerous, and a most suoeassful show is anticipated. The Juvenile Orchestra will render •elections in the evening. Supplied to Her Majesty Qnean Victoria nd Royal Femiiy—Briiumead Pianos. ; F o u is ir PtAirf*—In framing a teg*!* tion to prohibit the Importation of tie** other than fru it trees, ithioh takes in plants such Os ornamental treef, tulips, and. other bulbi whioh are imported frott foreign countries, the Department of Agriculture find th a t they hava been ehooting both the pigeon and the crow. The Department, it appears, only wished the proclamation to apply to Australia, and not to foreign countries. ” I t is no nse making ourselves iron bound in matters like this,” said the Minister a t the meeting of the Council of Agriculture to* day. “ 60 long as we. safeguard our fru it industry th at is all th at is required, but we should not plaee on embargo on plants for beautifying purposes.” Mr Bhoobridge suggested th at a reclamation might be issued to admit Enibs. 41 That won’t do,” eaid tha Minister, 441 want to g*t a proclamation to deal with the-whole question.' The Government Entomologist was called in to disease the question, and ultimately something was drafted which the Council hoped would please everyone. Five years guarantee given with the world-renowned Brinsmead Pianos A.N.A.—The Australian Natives’ Aeoo ciation held ite usual meeting last evening a t the Rialto. Mr W. A. Hudspeth, vice president in the chair- Business of branch importance was gone through. Messrs W A. Guesdon and F. C. Norman were elected honorary members. Delegates will leave on BUndey, 80th. inst, to open a breach at Gormsnston. Details is connection with the banquet to celebrate the Referendum Day were settUd. Owing to extra business the lecture by Mr Herbert Nicholls, M H.A., was postponed. Cokxaxisons—The unerring test of value is comparison. It never errs, and yet there are inatonoee in which it cannot be applied. The stock a t Pool’s Boot Palaoe, in Liverpool street, is being cleared, not a t its valae^or even its landed or ooat value, but a t the beet price th at offers and a t which a clean sweep can be effected. The carefully selected stock has got to go, and in order to eoeompUsh this no reasonable offer is refused. When it Is remembered th at tbu cream of tbe market is being offered for distribution the public will appreciate the opportunity and secure first- olasi up to date footwear a t prices leas than those paid by the importer. U n o x Bank—I t is notified that dividend of seventeen shillings and sixpence (17» 6d) per ahara having been declared by the proprietors of the Uoion Bank of Australia, the eame is now payable to colonial shareholders. The paid up capital of the institution ia £1.600,0001 the reterve fuod, £800,000 j and the rea»rve liability of proprietors £8,000,000, making a total of £5,800,000. If yon w&nfc.sfiret-class; pips, any brand, Ce-rna Bros, can supply you. Citm Consist—The civic eonoertwhieh was to have been held in tbe Town Hall laat evening to welcome the invalided Australian soldiers returning from Booth Africa was postponed on account of the non*arrival of the aa. Karemea with the troopa on board. Tx* SoacisuB—The rehearsal for this opera will be held this evening a t tbe Mayor’s Courtroom, principals a t 7J0 and chorus at 6. A fall attendance requested. I t seems as if we are in for a continuation of this wet weather, for it rained on Sunday last, the 16th in st, that being 8t Swithin’s Day, and, as the old proverb aays, “ fit Swithin’s Day and it do rail for forty day it doth rem ain; 8t Swithin’i Day and it ba fair, for forty days it rains s a mair.” So yon hod better be prepared to ba’tle against the elements by wearing one of our Gents’ MackiatoBhea, 10s d, or Bloey Coat 11s fid; Bluey Trousers, 11a fid; Blue?JSuit, 89s fid; Overcoat, with Cape, 18a 6d ; Sou’-Weeters, 2a lid 1 Oil Coata, leather bound, 16e 6d t Oil Troasete, 8a lid 1 Umbrellas, from 2s lid to 12a fid ; Ladies' Ulsters, 6s l i d ; Capes,fis lid ; Umbrellas, la Ud, 2a fid. 2s lid, 8s 6d, 4s lid , up to 18» fid. A. E. P laistsu aku Co., The People’s Drapers, 95 Elisabeth street (Lloyds Buildings), 