The Cowboy's Story COMPLETE IN PHIS ISSUE. COrTBIOHT. BT LAURA GILBERT. SILENCE for Seth Davis's stoty, boys." And the party of cow boys gathered eagerly round. All felt tlmt tho grave, taciturn man, who, though ready to treat others, could never be got to "liquor" himself, had a history to tell, if- only, ho could bo got to tell it. Somo of their number hod proposed that, to draw him out, each in turn should either spin a yarn or stand drinks round as a forfeit. Seth Davis, being the eldest, was ap pealed to first. He did not reply nt onco, but sat thoughtfully stroking lus grizzled beard. Then he raised his bright dark eyes from the ground, and a red flush mounted for a second to his bronzed, handsome face. " Boys, you want a story from me. Wall, you have all bin kinder forbearin' with an old sour cuss, and you desarve ono. I will tell you the story of my own life. Mayhap you'll think wuss of me when you hear it. Anyway, you'll not wonder at my bein' onlike most of our sort; for I am a grumpy old chap, an' that's a. fact. Seventeen years ago X was as light-hearted and careless as any of you here. " When my. old dad died, and left me his dollars, I bought a fine run out West, and went in for tho life I alius hankered after — the wild free life of a ranchman. "I had sot my heart on a gal in our town I had known her ever since we were babbies. She was an only child too, and so soon as we was eighteen wc was to be hitched up. She was the most beau tiful human creature I ever sot eyes on. You shall see her." Hero Seth took from his bosom a like ness of a very lovely girl, with golden coils of hair' above a face most angelic in ex pression and perfect in feature. Beneath arched eyebrows a pair of large blue ear liest eyes looked forth. " But Annie Baird," went on Seth, " was a delicate gal. Kinder consumptive, they said; her skin was too white, mid her colour too bright for health. She would sometimes look up to the sky and talk about heaven in such a way — boys, it kin der made my heart ache. But sho would laugh, and bo as joyous as ever next min ute, and talk about her futuro, and how she'd love the wild, free, glorious country life, and how strong she'd get in the pure country air. " Ono day thore come to Mostynvillo — that's the name of our town — a distant cou sin of Annie's called Joseph Southernwood. He had been something in New York City, but had got sick of city life, and was on his way to take up a ranch in Texas, he said Ho spoke big like — he 'panted for freedom,' nnd all that talk. Fact was, he Was a downright loafer, gambler, and bud lot all round, on'y nobody knew then. " Ho wus a tall, ' good-lookin', smooth- talkin' cuss. ' A well-disposed young man,' Sirs. Baird said. He seemed to make him self pretty well at home, and pretended to liavo got sweet on Kitty Durant, Annie's chnm — a black-haired, black-eyed, likely gal. There wns no pretence about her fcol- in's for hun, for she was dead gone on his handsome face and treacherous eyes, that changed- colour like a cat's. I took a big dislike to him from the first, and he knew it pretty soon. Annie was sorry, for sho was unsuspicious as a babby, and thought good of everybody. " It was a week before the wedding. I'd to go for three days to my own place to settle all about the home-coming of my wife. I had plenty of dollars, and wns lucky with my cattle, so I could afford to make a comfortable home for her. "The day I went she set me on my way for a couple of miles — I'd not let her come further, she never was ovor-strong, an' 'twas a baking hot day. I mind it all — the big tree we stood under, and the look in her eyos — I'd seen it in them before, hut never just like that lust time, as I kissed her good-bye. " I wus away the three days, and, comin' back, I was as gay and happy as a bird as I hurried to nieot my durlin'. She al ways met ine near the wicket, us she knew pretty well my usual timo for comin'. Joyfully I dashed on, and turned quickly into the walk, ready to clasp my dear love in my anus, and there in front of me stood — not my Annie, with blushing cheeks and bashful eyes, but Kitty Durant, white ami .skeerod as if she had seen a ghost. For a_ minute I couldn't speak, and me an' Kitty stood starin' at each other. "'Where's Annie?' I gasped out at Inst. But she couldn't speak to me. On'y looked awful. Then, in a voice I didn't know for my own, ,1 said : ' " ' My God, she-s dead 1' "No, hoys, I see what you're thinking. Annie Baird had not broke a bloodvessel and died, as might have been — an' better sc. She had been carried off — abducted — three days before, by Joseph Southern wood. lie had humbugged tliein all, Kitty told ine. They had none of them uny sus picions Even Kitty, a sharp and rather jealous gal, put down his tenderness and attentions to Annie to his pity for iter not bein' strong. Kitlv hod been spendin' a few days away with au aunt of hers when it happened. Mr. and Mrs. Baird were distracted, on. I was struck down by brain fever that same night, and it was long beforo I got back my senses. "When I did, I know that Kitty had nursed 'mo night and day. She seemod'to be turned into a woman of marble— hard, quiet, and with a set look in her face. When I came to myself, and; remembered ; what had happened, I was near going off . again. 'Keep cool, Seth Davis,' she said, j laying hor hand, itself as cold as ice, on ' my forehead, ' don't yon excite yourself by thinkin' back, on'y, remember ouo thing, you've got to get well to avenge us all. Hush I Don't speak. Don't think. Go to sleep.' "I got' well at last, and strong enough to commence to hunt Joseph Southernwood and his victim down. Tho day I set. out, Kitty Durant, when I went to thank her for nuvsin' me, and to Eay good-bye, gavo me a silver- mounted revolver — Joo South ernwood's Inst present to her, for sho was a good shot with that weapon. "'Here, Seth/ she said, 'take this along with you, nn' ' when you find him, shout him dead with it! That is all the return I wunt for nursing you. It gave me strength to watch an' tend you day an' night an' never tiro, jest to think of. that. I wish I could go with yon; if you had not pulled through, I'd have hunted him myself.' She put the revolver into my baud and looked hard at inc. "Twill be all right,' she said, 'I can rend in your eyes that tho revenge you will take on him will satisfy even me.' " I hod been on tho hunt for nearly eighteen months from my start; sometimes getting a clue nnd losing it again, but lioldin' ou — ho'.din' on. I had discovered enough to make me pretty sure ho had changed his name to Jackson. I came one night to a sort of station in California, near a big forest, where a party of onlucky diggers ltad made a clcann' to try their hands at farmin' for a livin'. They seemed to havo made a better hand of that than diggin' for gold, for there was a sort of hotel there, an' a small storo or two. I asked for a shuke-down all to myself, and, as I paid well for it, I had a bunk in a small closet with on'y a boarding between it an' the room where hnlf-a-dozen fellers were drinkin' an' gambling. " I thought I'd take a stretch before sup per — as I was real tired and' could sleep through any noiso; so I lay down and was soon off. How long I had been slcepin' I couldn't tell, when I woke up sudden — wide. I liad only been asleep, and that voice would have roused me if I had heen at the point of death. It was Joseph Southernwood's ! " ' I couldn't come before, boys,' he said, i in answer to a grumble at his late appear- , auce. ' My wife's had a faintin' fit, and j was skeered to he alone.' " A sorter kind o' mad joy went through | me when I heard that devil's voice. 'Twas j all I could do to keep , from rushing into the room there and then. But there were too many around, an' I might ha' been baulked. So I just looked through a chink in the' boards to get a sight of the face of him. 'Twas he, sure enough, but greatly j changed, and not for the better. _ He had ; got bloated, dirty, an' carelesB in dress. | Ho looked now what he'd alius been — an - awful bad lot. Tho on'y things not altered ; were his cat's eyes, an' they had tho same deceivin', treacherous look as ever. " I got at tho wife of the bos3, a good-hearted but rough sort, an' she told mo all I wanted to find out. They — Jack son and his wife — lived quite tdoue. in a cabin about a milo away from tbe station. I made up my mind to see my poor lost gal onco more, to satisfy my own mind, an' so I went right off. I thought I'd keep quiet outward, but lite woman tried to stop me, sayiu' if Jackson chanced to see me around his place he'd shoot me down. I kinder laughed at that. " ' Say, you'd best be keerful, stranger,' tho woman urged, 'lie's 'awful jealous, .an' a bad limb to deal with, and 'twon't do, her no good. 'Sides, it's comin' on a storm — you'd best not go'.' "I said I didn't mind. I'd a.pnrtickler message for him that I'd carried about for eighteen months, which I'd give him after I'd seen her. The woman looked doubtful, but said no more. " After a bit I come on a track that led up the side of a hill covered with scrub and brushwood, an' by that time the night was drawin' in rapid, an' the' storm rolled higher and higher Tho air was hot an' stitlin', tlio thunder growled, nn' tho light- rein' began to play about the terrible black ness above. I wasn't sorry, for it showed me the track, better. "At last I camo on a cabin where there was a light in a window an' no curtain, an' saw — not Annie, surely, that poor shadow, white an' wan, with two rod spots on the holler checks, ' and the wild settled look of horror in the big eyes. She was all wrapped in a coarse woollen shawl, though it was a hot summer night, an' sittin' like a statue, with -her poor thin hands clusped before her, an' n cradle close to her, where a baby was sleepin'. " Boys, I, who loved her so dear, would not havo known her, she was so altered, if I hadn't felt it was her by the way my heart yearned to her. I couldn't" havo moved to savo my life, for a minute or two. Then she took a lit of couglim', and kept on lookin' at her handkerchief ns she took it from her mouth. I know what that meant, an' no two ways about it. Then she settled down again, with hor hands clasped ns before. An' I stood thero afraidito stir, lest I should frighten her. ' On a sudden she threw her eyes up wards, and in a tone I shall never forget, while her hands tightened convulsive-like, she 'moaned out — not loud boys, sort o' a sob like— 'Oh, Seth! Sctli! Sethi' " I couldn't stand it no longer. T got to tho door nn' knocked gentle. ' Gome in/ she said in a timid voice. "I stood beforo her. Oh, boys, if you could havo seen the look that came over her face. Doubt, fear, joy, nn' wonder, all mixed up. An' somethin'-- more— oh, boys, the- old, old look I had . lost seen under the troqs. Then, withciut a cry or a sound, 'cept a kind of low siglv she fell into my arms. I thought sho was dead, but she wasn't, nor fainted either, on'y stunned. After she told mo sh'd been prayin hard to seo me once more 'fore she died— an' when I conio in it seemed like as if hor prayer was answered. "Wal, she told mo all about what she'd been through since Joo Southernwood car ried her off. Sho said the hardest of it all had beca the fear that was on her that I might be thinkin' sho had gone willin'. I told her I novcr blamed her once, no. more did1' Kitty Durant, but that we had both , vowed red vengeance against him. Then sho pleaded with mo to let him alone ; not to' soil, my hands or my soul with crime. " ' I am dyin', Seth darlin'/ she _ said, 'an" it is my dyin' jirayer. Leave him to God, an', meet me in heaven. Promise me i Promiso me 1' " What could I 'do ? Tho end of it was : that I gave m, boys. I. wouldn't havo done it if she. hadn't been dyin' I. pressed my ! Hps to her forehead once more after a | few more wards, and turned to leave her, j when I'm "darned if. Joo Southernwood didn't meet mo "right in the doorway. _ ! "'Sol' he said, quite smooth and civil, but with nn ugly gleam out of them cat's eyes of his, 'you havo- found, us out at last, Seth Davis. I thought you would, I some time, an' I reckoned twas you when tho boss told me a stranger had been askin' I his wifo questions. Wal, if you mean figktin', I'm your man.' ! " ' Remember your promise, rang out ; Annie's sweet voice, clear as a bell. I took tho feller by the shoulders, and swung him out of my way, while I cut away out into ' the storm liko a mad 'un " Seth's audience murmured their disappro val of this proceeding. "I thought you'd blame mo for not sliootin' him ; "but, boys, I had promised ! my dyin' gal The storm outside was nigh I as bad as that goin' on in me, but I didn't ' heed it. Suddenly I thought maybe he'd worry her 'cause of my liavin' been there, and I was back at the shanty in two jiffs, ; and crccpin' round to the window. " ' Die, then, as you are so tireel of life, ' an' wait for your precious lover in heaven ; an' a mighty long wait that'll be.' A Hash, a report, an' my Annie lay at that devil's ! feet, shot through the heart. "It all happened in a hrealh a'most, an' | I, who was too' late to prevent this deed, was soon enough to avenge it. In my ! blind fury I stumbled over something in my path. It was a rope — a lasso. 1 seizeil it Surely tho dovil hail helped me. Joe Southernwood never heard mo. Ho was drinkin' whisky out of a horn which, with a jar, had been set on the table. I was on him before he knew I was in the room " Ho was a strong man, but so wns 1 Seemed to me 'twas but a second before I'd got hint down, gagged and bound band and foot. Tho little 'uu in the cradle— it had hegtui to wail pitiful — would have been stronger in my hands than that strugglin varmint When I had bound him, I took a long pull nt the whisky, which made a greater madman of me than ever. 1 lifted Annie's corjise, an' laid it on a'settle. by the window, and straightened her out decent. Sho looked like ati angel more'n ever. Ah, she was then. An' what was I? " More whisky— a big, fiery draught. I .laughed aloud, an' taunted .Toe, askin' him to drink with me. He never took his ugly eyes, now gveen with fear, off me. There was a big bed in one corner, an', I took nolo 'twits a wooden one. I lifted him, as easy us 1 had done Annie, an' laid hun ou it, got another rope, an' bound him Lo the bed ; searched round and got a big ensk o' kerosene, an' then poured oil an' stuff I hail found over the beddin' and him and everywhere. Then he knew what I meant to do, and was white with fear. " All this time the storm outside was real awful, but I didn't mind it. The little 'un was cryin', "an I didn't inind that neither. I niinde'd nothin' but the furious hate I felt ' for him, an the vcugeunce I' was goin' to take. I didn't reckon my promise to Annie now. I was only doin' justice to a mur derer. Ono more deep draught of fire water, an' I emptied that jar also over the beddin' and things. "Then I took out Kitty's revolver, an told him why she gave it to me, but that I didn't mean he should die so oasy. I went right to the cradle then, meaniu' — Boys, I've called him a devil. I was one myself that hour — meanin' to shoot the little 'un, forgettin' it was Annie's, an' only rcmemberin' 'twas his. The little crit ter liad stopped cryin', an' looked up in my face an' laughed. An', boys, Annie's eyes wore lookin up at mo out of tho young 'un's. And, wait — I took up the babby an' wrapped it in tho shawl Annie had worn, an' was stained with her blood. Then, with tho child in my arms, I went to tho bed an' pointed tho weapon at his head, sayin' : Say, you Southernwood, for this little un's" sake, I'll hcv mercy on you, an' kill you first, 'foro I fire the shanty. If you know a prayer, say it, for when I'vo counted sixty I shoot.' "He looked a bit relieved, I thought, but whether he prayed I don't know. I began countin' slow, nn' held the shooter pointed at his head all the time. I had nigh finished, an' fixed my oyes on hint, when — swish 1 crash 1 An awful doafenin' roar, an' I stood with the sight gone from my eves, nnd the revolver struck out of my hand. The A'mighty had taken the vongcance an' punishment of Joseph South ernwood on Bimself in. an awful way, for when I opened the eyes I reckoned were blinded for ever I saw iny enemy a black ened corpse before me, an' tho hull place afire, while I stood thero with tho young 'un in my arms without a bit of harm. " I don't rightly remember how I got out and down the hill — but all the folk3 at the station were good to me an' the babby. 'X'hoy didn't ever know that I was near bein' a murderer. I never told a critter till now what you hev got out of me, boys — an' I feel kind of easier, I do think. "Littlo Annie's grown up now. Yon saw her mother's pictcr, you've seen her; she's so like. I never tasted spirits sinco that niglit — tho very smell of the staff brings that time back. "Now, boys, you hev my story, an' since God didn't let me do that deed, I think He means mo to keep my word to Annie an' meot her there. Anyway, I'll try." , 