THEIR FAVOURITE BOOKS. It is not, perhaps, generally known that the Queen takes no small interest in the fiction of the day. A writer'herself, she. is a capable critic of all she has read to her, and is said to prefer in this branch of litarature the novels of Edna Lyall. The Prince of Wales is a great admirer of George Meredith's workB. ' -fiuuwiur great, writer, jvir. Uladatone a political has somewhat outBhone his literary fame. The eminent statesman, however found timo, until .quite lately, to get through a large quantity of varied reading. His library at Hawarden Castle is rather curiously arranged. The walls are covered with shelves of books, and between each partition there is room to walk. - By this means Mr. Gladstone is able, with little difficulty, to lay his hand upon any one of the 15,000 or 20,000 volumes that he mav require. Once seated with his book, Mr. Gladstone takes a pencil and makes copious notes in the margin on subjects he wishes to remem ber, of which. he is in doubt, or which he disputeB. TheBe he afterwards classifies at theend'of the volume, thus liRino- nV-l» refer at once to tlioBe things he wisheB to re member in the book. The Grand Old Man's favourite authors are Aristotle, Dante, and Bishop Butler. The only fiotion he affects is that dealing with history or philosophy. He iB an admirer of Mrs. Humphrey Ward's ' Robert Elsmere. ' Another noted statesman, Mr. Goschen delights in a novel with plenty of plot in it* He also getB through a quantity of readinc and prefers the Rev.S.Baring-Uould's novnla to any others. Sir William Harcourt is also a great novel- reader.but Lord Salisbury finds little time for light literature. ? - Stanley, the great African traveller, is extremely fond of his Shakespeare. It was with extreme reluctance that he burned his cepy of the Stratford bard's works by com mand of the Zinga people. Barbarous nations almost invariably associate books with sorcery and witchcraft. The German Emperor is fond of novel reading, and is a great admirer of George i&Uot;* . . ' ' ? H. Rider Haggard, though never a great reader, has two favourites— Charles DiokenB s ' Tale of Two Cities ' and Lord kytton b ' Coming Racu.' Other books of whioh he nover tires are ' Ecclesiastes ' and the poems of Edgar Allen Poe. ' 'My grandfather,' said the shoe clerk boarder, 11 once knew an old man who in* sisted that the ghosts came und milked his sows every night.' 'J BPeotres,oh?' commented the Cheerful Idiot. —? - j V. — i Printed in Kiw Smith WhU». - 