A SUCCESS. Says " The Flaneur" in the Sydney Freeman : — In my youthful days I was taught to believe (or the idea grow; upon me) that . everything I saw m the papers was Gospel truth. I am beginning to waver in that opinion, however, since I read in a Melbourne journal how a good priest — we'll call him Father O'Fiynn for old ac quaintance sake — suddenly re membered that a certain widow had promised to give him her ' mite' to' swell the proooeds of his ooming bazaar. ' The ' mite' in question took the form of a lady pig, and when his Rever- enoe had driven out to the widow's shanty and inspeoted the gift, the donor explained— ' You'll have to take her now, sir, for she has been, failing greatly of late, and if she dies, begorra you'll get nothing in her place,' ' Oh, nonsense,' exolaimed the good Father, 'how oould I take a pig in my buggy? ' ' Get in yourself,' said the practical lady, ' and I. will give you a bag of maize cobs that you can drop along the road and so coax her to towq.' Happy thought, shouted the priest.; why woman, you've got a wiser head on your shoulders than Solomon himself ; throw in the maize and I'll do as you tell me.' Five minutes after Father O'Fiynn was driving slowly home, dropping the cobs as dir ected, to tho doomed porker ho. hind him. Rut on his road home he had to pass other farm houses and piggeries, the result being that by the time he reached the. presbytery he had seventeen fine fat pigs following his 'buggy, and he raffled the lot at a tenner' a head,, and his ohuroli was oleared of debt, and in the fullness of time, or perhaps a month sooner, he married the widow to her fourth husband, for nothing- Debt Colleotor ; I bave called to get that bill I left hero a few days ago. Tenant (relieved) : Sure, and, y o can have that. It was the money'I was afraid ye'd bo after. Chappie : ' I don't look at all like myself to day.' . < Old tfrossohnp : ' It would be a good time to have your photograph taken.' For Chronic Ghost complaints Wood#1 Groat Peppermint Dure. 1/6. At Sweedish weddings among the middle and lower .olass.es the bridesgroom carries the whip. This is an emblem of his author ity. in the domestic oirolo. Roman Catholics in England received a dispen sation from fasting during Lent, owing to prevalence of influenza. "When a young man is writing a love letter he should Keep con stantly before his 'mind how it would look in print. For Children's Haolring Cough at night. Woods' Groat Poppormint Ouro. An ocean steamer could be run with the . energy that is wasted daily in slapping at flies that wo never reach. A young lady ate half a wedding-cake, then tried to dream of her future husband. Now; she says she would rather die than marry the man she saw in that dream. For Bronchial Coughs tako Woods Great Peppermint Ouro. la. 03. Old Lady : " Throw that nasty cigarette away, my good boy, It makes me quite ill to see you smoking !" Boy : " It 'ud make you wussif yer smoked it yorself, Mum 1" In aboard school, one dayi lately a number of soholars were asked to explain the meaning of the terra "righteous indignation." One little chap replied': " Being angry, with, outoussing.' The only imported Cigarottos for m po packet of IP. These nro Will's colobratod Capstan Cigarettes, obtainable at oil Tobuc- ouists. Magistrate (steraly) : " You are a pitiable specimen of humanity. What brought you to all this degradation and disgrace ?" Prisoner (proudly) : It tool: three ooppsrs." A witty dootor, who was one of a oorps of physicians appointed to vaccinate policemen, remarked ; " What isjthe use oi vaooinating these fellows? They never catoh. anything." 