THE THREE VISITATIONS. A SOLDIER'S FRIENDSHIP THAT LASTED BEYOND THE GRAVE. In the month of August, 1S45, acolumn of French soldiers, composed of African chasseurs spa his, and a few battalions of infantry, crossed the beautiful valley filled with orange trees and agaves that lies at the foot of Djebel- Ammer, one of the principal chains of the Atlas. As the troops gradually drew near to Djebel-Aiumer. the soil, hitherto rich and carpeted with vegetation, grew snndy and barren. The orange trees were replaced by horrible cactuses and lentisks. To right and left rose masses of black and blue rocks, like monstrous Japanese vases, whence sprung huge cactuses, with leaves as jagged as the claws of some giant crab. The dry heath shuddered in the breeze, giving forth an uncanny crackling. The pale rays from the rising stars cast the shadows of men and horses in long, dim silhouettes. Jackals were howling far away; great birds whirled through the air, uttering piercing cries. You could hear the horses plunging heavily through the sand soaked by a recent rain. From time to time you caught a sharp click : a rifle being cocked because a big bunch of grass had moved or because a stone had rolled down a bank—naturally enough, since in Africa behind every tumbling stone, every rust ling bough, an enemy is ambushed.. The courageous officer in command, General Etienne Yergamier, was a man in his prime—not much beyond forty. With his imposing stature, his broad shoulders, his gentle eyesl his open brow and winning smile, he could have served as a model for a northern hero, a son of Ossian and of Fingal, who might fight and die chanting a heroic strain. Major Banis, his companion, was a cold methodical man, but withal a man of great intelligence and wide scholarship. Yergamier had spurred his horse to a trot and kept silence for a time. The major respected his reverie ; but finally yielding to the curiosity that his intimate acquaintance with the general warranted, he began : " We have a long ride ahead of us ; the road is growing more and more stony, we'll have to check our pace more and more. General, tell me about the event that you referred to a few moments back. Isn't it just the hour for ghost stories ? " > " What's the good, major ? You won't believe me." " I believe in all sensations. I may merely takejthe liberty of discussing the principles you base yours on." "You are going to thrust your physiologist's scalpel into my heart's most secret chamber. Yet, although it is au effort, I will yield to your request. I beg of you, don't laugh. All that I am about to relate is serious." The general began : At twenty I left St. Cyr along with my best friend, Georges de illaucel, a charming fellow—fair, pale, slight, as dreamy as a poet, as strong as a Kubyle, as brave as a lion. We had known each other from the first at St. Cvr. In the midst of the brutal quarrels renewed daily by barbarous traditions, he had often taken ray defence, and had stood up for me as I did for him. We were sincerely attached to each other, and bitterly regretted the coming separation made necessary by our entrance into the service. But we were luckier than we had hoped, for we met again at the ijapture of the Fort Empereur, both of us ensigns, full of hope and revelling in the war. A few days later, Algiers fell under our assault. Georges was one of the first to I I enter the city; I saw him drop, struck by I a bullet in the left breast. I raised him and carried him on my shoulders to a little house deserted at the first can nonade. I laid, hini down in a womau's bedroom — cool, scented, voluptuous. The bed was not made. I placed my poor Georges in it, and stanched the blood as best I could. It was hopeless; the agony began. Weakened by the loss of blood, he could hardly raise his; head to look at me once more; he hold one of my hands in his, and pressed it convulsively when the pain became unbearable. Yet at in tervals he had .a few moments' respite. " Etienne," he said to me, " I am dy ing very young and I regret life, for | with your friendship it was sweet to mo. We are about to part, but who Icdows whether it is forever ! No ono can say what awaits us beyond the tomb : per- . haps farther suffering, porhaps happiness j or nothingness. But if my soul is im- J mortal, if it retains in unknown regions ! tho affections and memories that filled it ] during its sojourn on earth. God be 1 praised ! And if it be true tbat we shall \ see once more those whom we have loved > tenderly, he sure, my good Etienne, he , sure that'I will couie back to you. Some I evening iu spring, I hope. I feel death j is easier, nnd yet I am suffering tortures. But my poor mother said to me when she was dying, ' I will come hack ! ' And she did come back to me last night—she! smiled to me. Her eyes are full of tears ! now. Etienne,. good-bye." A sigh and' he was gone." I will not paint my grief to you ; it was terrible. And when Georges was buried in: the midst of the heating of drums and the shouts of victory, I wept bitter tears, for I felt that my youth was lying in the coffin by my friend's side. George's Btrange farewell had impressed mo profoundly; at night hideous visions haunted my sleep. For six mouths I was as nervous as a woman, and if you will believe me, major, I was positively afraid to be alone in the dark. But one year, two years passed. Georges' memory, indelibly graven on my heart, yielded, without becoming effaced, to the preoccupations of the war to my anxieties about my future. My puerile fears, a positive disease, vanished. Yes, the more I look back the surer I am of it; I had quite become myself once i more, my mind and brain were clear, j when the event I am about to tell you of j struck mo with stupor. I had just been made captain en second. After rough and, I may add, glorious campaigns, 11 returned with my regiment to1 Algiers. Young, impetuous, with ardent, almost virginal senses, rich with the gold of our first capture, I flung myself head long into the midst of all the pleasures of garrison life—day, evening, night, all were one long orgy. I gambled madly, frantically, its one does at the first go. I won at the outset, and then suddenly my luck turned. One night in a cafe of Bab-Azoun-street, I lost fourteen thou sand francs—all my own private funds, as well as my share of the booty money. The sum was a largo one, and its loss was much commented upon in Algiers. Toward ten o'clock in the morning I .was requested to call upon the general. Psle and restless, hardly knowing why, I entered' the colonel's room. I found him paler and more nervous than I my self. •' Captain," he began, in a deep, des pairing voice, " my regiment's strong box was broken into this morning. Four teen thousand francs were taken—four teen thousand francs, do you hear, sir ? " And the old officer stepped toward me, with his arms crossed and his eyes lower ing under their bushy brows. I felt my temples thumping and my head splitting. I drew back with a cry of indignation. " Here is a handkerchief lost by the thief and found under the treasurer's chair. Look, sir, it is marked with your initials, E. V." I took the handkerchief mecha nically—it was mine without a doubt. My knees quaked, teRrs sprang" to my eyes, I could not speak. " And now, sir," the colonel wound up, " go andblow your brains out." I left the room without a word, as Grushed, as abject as if I had been the thief. I did not try to justify myself, nor to claim an investigation. No ! I went back to my officers' cramped quarters; I took a loaded pistol out of my saddle-case, I cocked it. At this point I stopped ; thick sobs choked me. 1 had a rapid vision of my happy childhood, my first martial exploits, my mother, and Georges—Georges, above all ! " To die ! " I • murmured — " to die dis honored." "You must' not die," said a sonorous, vibrating voice, metallic, and yet soft, with nothing human about it. The pistol dropped from uiy fingers. Georges was standing before me. His eyes were fixed ; they glowed with an unknown light illuminating his face, as white and translucent as alabaster. Explain this, major : as I tell you this terrible occurrence I feel my hair staud ing on end, tuy teeth chatter, my voice shakes ; whereas in Georges' presence I experienced only serene joy, ideal calm, unalloyed happiness. My youth, my fair dreams of love and of glory, sur rounded me in all their radiance. ,Only the moment before crushed under the weight of an inconceivable fatality, 1 now felt myself under powerful, almost divine protection. Shall I say more ? Georges' presence did not astouish me. I accepted it as a simple, natural fact. TVe talked like brothers, like friends long separated. " Etienne, what were you about to do ? " he asked me, gently. " My poor boy! I've come to save you. Your servant is the offender; he stole the fourteen thousand francs as he stole the handkerchief found by the colonel. You have trusted the fellow. He used to be honest. But he has a mistress, a Moorish girl who sells her favors high; it was for her that he took the money. Two thou sand francs will be found iu his mattress and twelve thousand on the girl's person. Hurry to the Colonel. I have told you what I had to say. Good- bye." Georges vanished and I found myself alone. The sentiment of reality came back to me. I dashed my head against the win* dow-panes; the glass, splintering, cut my brow and made tbe blood flow. In the court-yard, betweeu the dazzling, whitewashed walls, below the torrid sky, luminously blue, soldiers were noncha lantly smoking; tbe white minarets of the Casbah rose above the peaceful, silent scene; far in (he distance the waters of the blue Mediterrauean glittered like gems. I was actually alive, I wa3 not dreaming! And all this impossible hallucination, this phantasmagoria was the truth. Terror seized me—mad, im placeble, devouring terror. Icy shivers ran down my spine to my heels; my fingers dug their uails into my palm. From that day I counted my first gray hairs. Events justified all that the spectre had revealed to me. The criminal ad mitted his guilt, and the money was recovered. My noble colonel, heart broken at his unfounded suspicions, was almost ready to follow tbe advice be bad given me. The officers of the squadron | came in a body to make me a visit of affectionate condolence. A few days I later, at the colonel's solicitation, I was | named chevalier of the Legion of Honor. The reparation was complete. The major seemedjn a roverie. " You don't believe me, mon ami ? I, too, have -caught myself doubting the evidences. I saw Georges, I am sure of jit, and I don't believe it anymore thar I you do. Yet, major, it must be so, or 1 am out of my mind." " Has the apparation ever been repen tod ? " questioned the major,' singular! struck by the tale. " Yes, I saw Georges a second time,' replied the general, sombrely. "Isai him the night before I killed Commando Bernard de Bis iu a duel. That evening just hack from drill, tiled and n lov spirits, I hastily entered my room, ligh ted only by a great iito of dried branches Georges was sitting in my big leathe: arm«chair. Ho rose gravely and iropres sively. ' I was waitiug for you,' hi said ; ' you are going to fight to-morrov with Commander Bernard de Bis, who is a blade. You neglect practice far toe much.' Georges leaned against the wall and I saw that he had a sword in liis hand. Itook, dowua foil and fell into position. ' Look' out,' said Georges, ' 1 am going to give you what Grisier used to call so gallantly," a lesson in duelling. Tie/is, here is an irresistible thrust. En gage your sword, bring hack the left foot while you toy with your adversary's blade—one, two, forward ! Good ! But you didn't hinge enough.' "A pale smile flitted over Georges' lips; we started afresh, and this time I lunged so violently that my sword snapped against tbe wall. It had passed clean through Georges' body. But, strangely, or rather naturally enough, my foil had encountered no resistance. ' Bien !' cried Georges, ' a keen eye, a steady "wri'st, a cool brain, and you will have bin:.' "'Georges,' 1 cried, reproachfully, ' you are going to leave me ! .What is there up there that keeps you away from me ? ' ; Georges shook his head, and I cried out passionately, ''Will you come ' back soon ? ' ; " ' I will come back only once more," Etienne, nud then we will go away tos getber,'and the vision vanished liken; bubble. ' • ■- !) " I have all my wits- about, me," the i ( general went on, with increased exulta-.' j tion, " but I am sure of what I tell you. , I, Vergamier, took a lesson with a ghost, ' , and the next day I-.killed my man! Major, that's a long time ago. lam waiting for Georges's third visit," Banis could not conceal a. nervous movement; the general's feverish state alarmed him. " Vbyons, General Etienne ; be your self again. You've been telling me dreams—strange fancies." Bray don't lay any more stress on them. You need calm, sangfroid." " Major," returned the general, a prey to deep depiession, " it is a long while since I saw Georges." The whole troop had struck to the left to avoid the torrent-like wady that | bordered the plain. General Vergamier, shivering under bis caban, broke silence only to give an officer a few brief orders. At. daybreak fires were made out on the side of Djebel-Ammer. These fires showed the bivouac of the first scouting column that Vergnmier had orders to join. The junction was quickly effected and arms were stacked. The little avmy was encamped on the mountain's flank. At its foot stretched , a vast plain covered with rich gramfields cut by narrow irrigating ditches fed from the neighboring wady. On the. other side of the mountain rose a large Arab village, whose irregular houses, built in a zigzag line, seemed to be tumbling down into the valley, for on that side, too, ran a | triple belt of golden millet and corn fields. Huge boulders of trachvtic, | porphyry, blue, black, and white, hung over in toppling masses as if ready to fall. A dense forest of cypress, figs, and i giant turpentine-trees crowned the | summit. General Vergamier had dismounted and, after having turned his horse over to a chasseur, it had pleased his fancy to ascend the Djebel by a steep path that called for a keen eye and an agile foot. Lost in thought, Vergamier "did not ob serve that on his right stood perpendicu- I lar rocks rising like a wall between him and his troops, but went on climbing, 'leauing on his sword. At last he reached a great plateau covered with vegetable mold, the . edge of the Ammer forest. Nothing more melancholy, more' impos ing can be imagined than the dense masses of dark-green, gray-trunked cypresses. Vergamier plunged with a hasty step into the black stillness. The ground was strewn with fragments of sharp feldspar, the debris of rocks ground into pieces in some primeval cyclone. His boots were soon cut through as cleanly as by a razor. But Vergamier seemed to have grown insensible to physi cal pain. Finally he halted near a torrent vomited from the top of a tre mendously high cliff, and drank a swallow of water from his hollowed palm. Then he sat down on a mossy root and fell into deep meditation. As if this were a solemn, a momentous epoch in his life, he called up all his past. He saw once again the white plains of his native Champagne and St. Cyr, with its cloisterlike streets; Sidi-Ferruch. and his first feat of arms ; then Paris wrapped in its blue mist, giant Paris, illuminated Paris, and the Tuileries, where his valor had been recognised and rewarded; and the Palais Bourbon, where enthusiastic applause had greeted his entrance ; and the little Nanteuil drawing-room, the poet surrounded by an artistic luxury in a gentle atmosphere of home—all those that he had loved, and Georges. He suddenly raised his head. Above him naught but a rock wall a hnndred fathoms high, and spirals of black trees, no sky. By his side, standing near a cypress, was a man. " Georges ! " he cried, and hid his head in his hands. - Toward eight o'clock, Major Bani alarmed at the general's prolonged at sencc, had a battue made by a number spahis. At noon, Vergamier's bod; mutilated by a horrible fall, was found the bottom of a deep ravine. The soldie; thought that their general had be< killed by some ambushed Arab, and thi thrown over the precipice. Major Bar alone knew that Etienne Vergamier hi received George's third visit. 