CHAPTER Xin.-PREPARATIONS FOR AN EXIT. We did not ring for orderlies. We went to the stables and -saddled tbe licrfics our . selves, and rode out of the courtyard with outf I believe, anybody noticing us. Ihe streets were lit anl deji.tei, and the houses wsre dark. The new President did not encourage -wandering abouc after nightfall in Dolores, and he lrowned upon evening parties for the present. He knew that tbe revolutionary schemes were hatch ed for the most part during evening hours, and for. the present, atan.v rate, he did not choose to be embarrassed by an active op position. - Twice we met street patrols who recog nised Carew and myself and let us pass; and then we came to- the Nicaragua Gate, and the guard Jet us through without the kast demur. Sir William Carew's escape could not have been made easier. And so there we were, outside the capital; and T, the only responsible being in Sacaronduca who knew of the fellow's colossal treachery, had helped him successfully to avoid the just consequences. It is true I was in a manner forced-into doing this, but that did not make ine any the more pleased with tbe result. We had a good long ride in front of us before we came to a piece of quiet ground, for that side of the city is well fringed with the villas, and bungalows, and coun try houses ot the bebter-off people, who prefer the sweet open air of the plains to the somewhat dubious scents of Dolores. A cable tcaraway ran down, the first two miles of the roaa, with double avenues of palms shading the sidewalks.on either side, and Ave trotted along together on the right hand dank of the. metals, to all appearance the moat amicable pair of gentlemen who ever took an early morning constitutional. After villadom, came larger estates and farms, and after the farms came a broad quaking belt of Inarsli full of black pools and waving reeds, and uneasy with night fowl and alligators. The stars hung in the night above us, the fireflies danced over the sour morasses at our sides, and the road swung under (the beat of the horses' hoofs as a ferry swings on a river. A close moist heat exhaled from the place. In the middle of this belt of quagmire Car rew pulled up his horse. "This would suit us, I should say, Birch,"' he remarked. "After I've shot you I can tip you over the edge of the causeway, and you'll be neatly and inexpensively buried." "Quite so," said I, "but it happens that I intend to shoot you if it can be managed, and it wouldn't suit me at all to chuck you to the alligators after the event. I should want to take your carcass back to Dolores as a guarantee of good Jaith." "And stick my head on a spike at the top of the Nicaragua Ghte? Rather out of. date that sort of thing, isn't it? However, we can put the horses on one side and blaze at one another up and down the road, and then the man who drops will be lying on dry ground for the other to deal with as he sees fit. There's another thing I might call your attention to. It's just possible that the man who" remains alive may be woun ded, and if he is I'll bet a lot he finds the water precious handy and comforting. I've been wounded myself more than once, and I know what thirst is." I was quite prepared for the possibility of being snot dead, but in the blaze of my anger against Carew the idea' of being wounded had not come to me before; ana 1 confess -that when the scoundrel mentio ned it I was conscious of an uupleasant chill. It is not desirable to be wounded at any time, and here, if the survivor of the duel was bad'ly enough hit to be helpless, he might very well starve to death before he was interfered with. S-ince the revolu tion traffic had ended with the farms at the Dolores side of the belt of marsh, the country beyond was for the most part wild, and inhabited only by miners, hunters, In dians, and Iqg cutters, who were.either still loyal to Maxillo's rule, or were too indiffe rent about politics to have acknowledged the new Government. It was overrun by bands of men who called themselves gueril las in the service of Maxillo or one of the former Presidents, but who were in reality mere brutal-handed brigands. And the belt of swamp was tacitly looked upon as neutral ground, and no one risked a guu shot by crossing it. I put this coldly enough to Carew, and suggested that we should go back a mile or two. "We can have our fight there quite undisturbed, and if a wounded man occurs, lie will get somebody to look after him. It seems to me -we have came too far." "And it seems to me we huve not gone far enough," he retorted. "It would be a choice between frying - pan and fire for me back where we have come from., be cause aOl Dolores will know by to-morrow morning the little game I have been play ing, and Briggs would string me up on sight dead or sound if he could manage it. On ahead I grant it might prove an un healthy neighbourhood for you, Birch, but at the same time it isn't exactly a safe har bour of lvfuge for me. Of course, there's a good deal to be said in favour of both views, but we haven't -time for talk now, and so look here, I'll toss you for which it is to be, forward or back." He .spun a quarter, and clapped it down on the knee of his riding - breeches. "You .show to me." "Mine's a head." He uncovered the coin, and scraped a match to show it me. "A tail," said I. "I don't mind. It's lucky to lose at the beginning of a game -it improves my chiance of winning later." Dawn was beginning to thin down the horizon from purple into grey; tbe ^fiars were snuffing out; and from so-mewihere in the marsh a curilew gave a scream or two preparatory to beginning the business of the day. The road swung under us as we cantered on, and uhead the rim of the fo rest began to show up like the line of a low Mack cliff. Carew drew a cigar out of bis pocket, bit the end off, and lit it dexterously without slackening speed. A smoke would have suited me very well also, but my horsemanship is of a more elementary order, and I did not choose to j pull up to get a light. | Tiie dawn grew as we went on, and the wall of trees began to Show feathery crests projecting from its cornice. Soon the outer paling of trunks made itseClf distinguish able, and then we could make out the out lines of palmettos and the oilier shrubs which made up the undergrowth. And presently, indeed, we were off the quaking marsh road, and out of the dawn, and well into an alley of the forest, which was still filled witih a gloom of night-.-. Here it was thait I made a halt. "Get down," I said. "There's a glow of a log- cutter's fire over yonder amongst the trees, and assis-; tanee wiOl comfe from there to the man w*ho wants it." "But, my good man, it's too dark to shoot j one anofcher here. We should only waste ] at lot of cartridges and kick up a deal of I \innecessary noise. I've got pressing busi-! ness on (ahead; you mi^h't just as wdl ride j on with me and eave time." "I'll stick by my bargain. It was to be either this eide of the swamp or the other, and you won the ttoss. Here we are, and here we stay till we've had it out." "Well, I must say you're deuced unac commodating," Carew grumbled, and swung r leg over the neck of bis horse, wd did to the ground., "However, I'm not going to beg favours of you. I'll just tie up my mobe and take a bit of a rest toll you re pleased to be ready." 1 also dismounted, and tied my horse's reins to an overhanging bough and sat down with my back against a mosey stump. I pulled out a pipe and lit it, and fell to wondering whether 1 should ever smoke another.- It was an eight-year- old briar, aud just then, although I cleaned it out three or four times with a grass dt persist ed in bubbling like a kettle. . But for all that I do irot think_I ever found a smoke more luxurious. But, then, when you are waiting for a crack shot to blaze at you the commonest things of former everyday, life do seem to come to you. in a strangely; pleasant guise. - By degrees the night noises of the forest, the croaking of the tree toads, the rustle of jar-flies, and the talk of the katy-dida died ouit; a cold, iaw light filtered througlt the upper tree stems, and the jungle of undergrowth crept out of formless gloom into familiar shape. I was not enjoying thp ~ wait enough to want it prolonged unneces sarily. Besides, the neighuourliood was full of dangers with which I did not wish to tamper. _ So I shouted across to Carew, who was sitting down some twenty yards away that I. could see the whiteB of his eyes distinctly. He jumped to his feet. "Teiy well," he said, "if that's the case it's light enough, for lis to. get through our business." I got up also, unholstered my revolvers, and put a cartridge in the unloaded cham ber in which the hammer had been rest* ing, so as to have the entire six shots ready if necessary. "Yoii can give the word yourself," said I. "Sing out o»2j two, three, and at three we shoot. We're about right -for distance as we are," Move away to the right, man, against those palmettos. You've got a light back tround behind you where you are now. I on't want to take an unfair advantage," "Thinks,"' I said. "You can't help being a gentleman sometimes, Carew. "It's a pity you're such a horrid blackguard be tween whiles." He did not reply in words to this, though' 1 did see the ghost of a grim smile wry his mouth. I was just beginning to step out to take up the ground he had pointed out when a whistle shrilled out from the trees, and I saw a couple of men break violently out of the cover behind Carew. At the same moment a noose of plaited raw hide rope dropped over my head and shoulders, was instantly plucked taut,. and before 1 could so much as struggle I waa heaved over thump on to my back. Carew's pistol cracked, and I heard the bullet whisp past my head, and simultane ously a yell told me that it had hit one of the men who were interfering with my comfort. And then for an instant 1 caught sight of Carew, also lassoed, and- struggling like a wild cat in the toils. Now it sounds funny to remember after wards that I should give a thought for the welfare of this scamp who not ten seconds ? before I was arranging to shoot; but the fact remains that I did empty the first shot out of my pistol on his behalf. The noose of raw hide had pinned me above the el bows, I" had my forearm and wridts free, and 1 took as steady a shot as I could manage from that inconvenient position at fth<; man who held' the bauiling part of Oarew's tether. It _ is probably equally funny from. the point of view of history to remember tl'at Carew sang out, "Hold up, you fool, or you'll be shooting me next." 