THE BREELONG MURDERERS ———— In the Assembly last week Mr. Sleath wanted to know who was going to serve James and Joseph Governor with theft elector's rights. Mr. Norton aBked the Colonial Secretary if it wero true that' u telegram had been received announcing the capture by the Breelong blacks of the Minister for Woiks, with all his baggage and ammunition. (Laughter.) lion. Mem ber: 'Horrible! Horrible!' Mr. See: 'The lion, membermustgivenoticeof thatquestion.' During last week the outlaws came to the camp of two fencers, Bituated among the ranges. The fencers were having dinner, and saw the blacks coming. When within 50 yards they called upon the fencers to surren der, to throw up their hands, and to leave the fire. The fencers obeyed. The outlaws then came to the fire, and, discovering no firearms, told the fencers to return. The fencers in vited the outlaws to have dinner, the invita tion being accepted. In conversation, the blacks said they would not shoot anybody other than those currying firearms, but would shoot anybody they believed to be in pursuit of them. During the progress of the dinner horsemen were heard coming up the mountain. The murderers did not hear their approach until they were within about 40 yards. Jimmy Governor, on hearing them, sprung up, crying, ' Holy Ghost 1' seized his rifle, and sprang behind a tree, followed by Joe. The blacks then fired upon the advancing whites, five in number. These men were not aware of the presence of the blacks until hearing shots fired, when they all jumped from their horses, und prepared to return the fire, all being armed with rifles. As soon as the outlaws had delivered their first volley from behind a large tree, they bounded off down the hill iu the opposite direction, leaving all their pro visions, quart pots, coats, blankets, and every thing they possessed, excepting the rifles and ammunition. As they disappeared past the fencers, they called out to them, ' You can have 'all we are leaving behind; good-bye.' They then bounded down the aide of the hill, the fencers say, like wallabies, striding 15ft to 18ft per stride. In the meantime the surprised civilians were waiting for the outlaws to show out, and were not aware of their flight till the fencers informed them. They then went back down the hill, and fired several other shots, aud within half an hour the Queensland track ers came up, and were taken to the fehcers' camp. They took up the tracks, which fol lowed down one spur about a mile, and then doubled back within 200 yards of the fencers' camp on another spur, where theGovornors had evidently watched the police and trackers go down the hill, and then made off in another direction. One morning last week, the pur suers came on the camp of the fugitives, where they had shot a sheep, part of which they ha'd cooked and eaten. On the same night at 10 p.m., thoy came to Mr. Floods, at Wombra murra Woolshed, where they were fired at by Flood, but without effect. The fugitives left the following message, addressed to the pur suers : ' You asses, go home !' 