THURSDAY, JUNE 21. 1900. On the principle of “ better late than never,” the 'l’owong Shire Council is to be commended for its determina tion to get the historical transfers out of hand, once and for all. The policy of “ let alono” and drift which has characterised the Council’s action (or inaction) in this matter has long been a scandal and a disgrace to the local body. The day of reckoning was put off and put off until to-day the Coun cil is faced with a very large order in the shapo of work and money. It would serve no good purpose now to set about an endeavor to apportion the blame for the unsatisfactory con dition of affairs which faces the Council to-day through its procrasti nation in this matter. The seeds of the trouble wero sown many years ago, and successive teams of council lors have by their laxity waterod thoso seeds until they have grown and flourished into a green bay-tree of trouble, whoso eradication will entail a heap of work and no small amount of money. The voting of £150 to n past officer for an alleged completion of the work was an in stance of stultification in excels is. But it is useless “ chewing” over such spilt milk. The Council has at length takon stops which should have been taken long ago to reach finality in this matter. The com TOittoo nj»j>'ointo<l to deal with this business are faced with a lot of in tricate work. Proceedings which at the outset were simplicity ;inself are now involved by circumstances brought about by tho confusing hand of time. Many of tho parties to the contracts have long since passed from human ken, the officials who piloted several of the transactions through the initial steps are not now “on the job,” in several instances tho lands in question are in new hands, deeds have become mortgaged and other wise encumbered, and a number of etceteras have arisen to make “ con fusion worse confounded.” It is to be hoped that the members of the transfers committee will not stand appalled at the magnitude of the task before them ; although, judging from the remarks made by some of their number on receiving a prelimi nary report of the transfers solicitor, running into “ 26 pages of foolscap,” they are somewhat concerned about the “ large order” which they have undertaken. We hope they will not quail, however; but that they will keep plugging away until they get order out of the chaos that has been accumulating for over a quarter of a century. In so doing they will .earn the gratitude of the ratepayers gener ally. Having said so much concern ing the end, attention to the means naturally follows. The proposal to engage another engineer to cope with this work is being seriously discussed by tho ratepayers. It is felt that the wretched business has already cost far more money than it should have done; and tfie proposal to engage another engineer is looked upon in the light of “piling on the agony.” It is recognised that, now the com mittee have their hands to the plough, there must be no turning back on the task.. The transfer ghost must be laid now or allowed to haunt the municipal mind indefinitely. For too long the Council has shown an .indisposition to exorcise the evil spirit, and now for very shame sake they must remove the ancient skeleton from their closet. But the ratepayers fairly claim that they should not bo unduly penalised to- duy for the past laxity of their representatives; they agree that the overdue work must be completed, but they demand that the task be accom plished with the minimum of expense. We think the Council may bo trusted to incur as little outlay as possible in this business. We nan understand that the first proposal to engage an extra engineer for twelve months was only a tentative one, just to test the feeling of the Couueil. The opinion prcvuils in many quarters that there should be no necessity to engage further professional services. It is argued, with no little force, that we are now practically in the depth of winter. For some time to corno there will be comparatively little contract work done ; and the permanent engi neer should be left free to give the whole or the principal part of his time to assisting the transfers committee in the completion of their tusk. The permanent engineer, with his local knowledge and available data, is essentially the man to cope with the intricacies of the work, and a couple of months’ solid and undistracted at tention to the task in hand should go a long way towards “ cleaning the slate” of the business the non-com plction of which has so long been a standing reproach to our muuicipal magnates. The engineer has a ro markablo fund of onergy, and, if lie were allowed freedom to devote his whole time to this important matter, without being sent away on n day’s journey to report on a fallen tree or a hole in a road requiring a shovelful of gravel, he would most likely have the transfer work out of hand before the spring claims for new works come in. The question of supervising the roadmen—the increase in whose num ber, by the way, is causing dissatis faction among a large body of rate payers—must not bo lost sight of. But we noticed, by his recent roport, that the engineer had appointed a sonior roadman, and his action was approved. What is to prevent this official, or some othor capable man, from exercising a supervision over I the day-labor staff while the en gineer ia engased; on. the - transfer work l These and Similar views are being advanced liy tniuKiug payers who appreciate the difficulty by which the Council is now being faced through its previous neglect, but who look askanco at any undue expendi ture being iucurred to rectify the Council’s past sins of omission and commission. These suggestions are presented to the Council for what thoy are worth. Galvanised into a season of activity, moved by a sense of what is required of them by the ratepayers, and couscious of tho fact that their representatives are on the gut vice in this matter, councillors as a whole may be trusted to give the question their most serious attention. The transfer business must be completed at the most reasonable cost consistent with reasonable expedition. When at length the happy day arrives that soos this long-deferred work out of hand, tho Council and ratepayers will doubt less feel moved to celebrate the occa sion by a day of rejoicing—if not of thanksgiving and prayer! Robert Louis Stevenson, one of the lately departed giants of intellect, gave a graphic description of the turbulent political life of his boloved isle of tho sea, Samoa, a placo that signifies some importance to Australia. Truly this has beon a memorable year in British annals, what with the upheavals in South Africa, and the propor defining of British right, then the erection of an Australian Commonwealth, which will mark an important epoch in our anuals. Then there have been other notable events which will all have a bearing upon the future. For Aus tralians, the events that have hap pened in the Pacific, viz., tho estab lishment of a new protectorate in the Pacific, and the passing of another independent nation under the British crown—will possess a deal of interest. This all took place a few weeks back, and was carried out in conformity with an arrangement which had been entered into -between Great Britain, Germany and the United States, which had formerly carried on a kind of triumvirate protectorate over Samoa and other Pacific islands or archi pelagoes. Under the new arrange ment Great Britain has withdrawn from Samoa, the ideal mountain home and resting-place of R. L. Stevenson. Germany now takes Samoa and its harbor, Apia, which will be long remembered, if only by the incident of tho splendid seamanship exhibited by Captain Kane, who safely steamed out to sea in the “ Calliope” against the full force of a devastating hurri cane. On the occasion of the “ Calli ope” performing this great feat, she was the only war vessel that got out, the German and United States vessels being wrecked. So wonderful was tho feat considered that the sailors on the sinking ships could not forbear to cheer. The event was a splendid test as to the strength of the engiuos aboard the British fioet, and it was recognised that their strength pulled the vessel through. The United States have now taken over as their share the harbor of Papopago, while Tonga has becotno a British posses sion. The Tongans were somewhat perturbed in mind when the negoti ations were going forward between the Powers, as they are peculiarly sensitive people, who pride themselves upon their sense of national inde pendence. They therefore rather re sented being bartered away to placate any other nation, especially as. they were not given a say as to the terms of the barter. There was a great deal of apprehension amongst the simple people of Tonga that, because there was a large amount .of in debtedness to a big German trading firm, their rights were to be bartered away and their land subjected to some kind of special taxation. However, they are now quite satisfied, mutual explanations having been made, and they are even content at their new lot, having celebrated the event By public rejoicing and merry-making. The finishing stroke to the business was performed by Mr. Basil Thom son, the special commissioner of Her Majesty’s Government, who paid a formal visit to George Tubou IT.. King of Tonga, in H.M.S. “Porpoise.” Fortunately, Mr. Thomson had in previous years resided in the Tonga or Friendly Isles, and was quite au fait with their manners, customs and aiuis, besides which he speaks their language with a glib tongue. In the course of several long and earnest interviews with the Tongan King, Mr. Thomson had no trouble iu proving to him that no advantage would be taken of these simple islanders, and that their liberties would not bo curtailed. Far from this, they would be amply protected under the shadow of tho “ Union Jack.” Naturally, Mr. Thomson bore from Her Majesty to the King a large number of handsome presents, which is a custom of tho land, and without which hardly any agreement is ever made. Tonga is a very small king dom, perhaps the smullost on the face of the earth, with a population of hut 23,000 souls, and an area of 385 square miles. The trade of these islands is mainly with Australia and New Zealand, while, under the mutual arrangement with Gormauy and tho United States, there will be observed the grand taxation and representation principle of equal rights to all. After Mr. Thomson’s proposals had been considered and approved of by the King, they were laid before the Tongan House of [Representatives. Here they received Parliamentary assent, and were therefore made the subject of a properly drawn treaty, duly signed and sealed. This event happily synchronised with the relief of Mafeking on 19th May. So that, while the British world was sending up pecans of rejoicing for the big event in South Africa, a similar out burst of enthusiasm was occasioned when the same flag was run up, amidst general rejoicings, in the Tongan Isles. Thus history is grad ually made. The protectorate having been established with the hearty good-will of all concerned, the British interests are conserved there for all time. Then tho British flag was also hoisted over Nine or Savage Island, as it wtttfrriamod by Captain Cook. ®i»o ■ inhabitants, numbering about 5000, also celebrated the event with much jubilation, feeling satisfied that they would be adequately protected henceforth. A site was set apart at Vavau for a coaling station and pro tecting fort. Here there is a splendid harbor, which navigators say is quite equal, ou a smaller scale, to Port Jackson; and groat things are ex pected from it in the good time coming. The Tongan Isles, under wise administration, will now go ahead in a peaceful march of pro gress ; and a higher type of civilisa tion will mark the new era that has dawned upon this little sea-girt Pacific kingdom. In all this Australia must benefit in a mutual degree. Our groat Australian Commonwealth is directly interested in the progress of the Pacific Isles, and whntever bone fits Tonga, Fiji, Now Guinea or the Caroline Islands will have a reflex beneficial action upon our Common wealth. It. will be to Australia’s interest and well-being to establish ! spheres of trading influence in all these Western Pacific archipelagoes. Theu as outposts, coaling stations, &c.;, they will materially strengthen the hands of Great Britain in tho event of any menace to Australia. Tho coming Commonwealth, there fore, cannot but rejoice in the steps taken to establish a British protec torate over the Tongan group. 