The Outlook. Stationing Committee. The Stationing Commit tee will meet on Tuesday next, at 10 a.m., in the Centenary Hall. The following are the members of that Com mittee, viz. : — The President (Rev. J. Gardiner), the Secretary of Conference (Rev. W. H. Rogers), the General Secretary of Missions (Rev. Dr. Brown), and the Chairmen, and representatives of Districts as follows : — Sydney, Revs. E. J. Rodd and G. Lane; Parramatta, Revs. J. E. Carrutbers and W. H. Beale ; Illawarra, Revs. J. Gardiner and C. J. McCoy ; Bathurst, Revs. J. Spence and F. Colwell ; Maitland, Revs. J. Clifton and J. S. Austin ; Armidale, Revs. J. G. M. Taylor and R. Tin.nfi1 Graftnri. Rsvs. R. AIIpti n.nd R. Johnston ; Goulburn, Revs. M. H. Parkinson and W. Weston ; Riverina, Bevs. C. Jones and M. Maddern ; Tonga, Rev. J. E. Moulton, D.D. The first draft of Stations will probably be ready for distribution at the close of the Opening Session on Tuesday evening. In addition to the Pre Distribution sident and Secretary of Committee. Conference, and the officers of the Sustenta tion Society, the Distribution Com mittee will this year be composed of the following members : — The Chairmen of Districts ex-offlcio, and the following representatives :^-bydney, Rev. W. W. Rutledge, Messrs. W. Robson and T.H. England ; Parramatta, 'Rev. J. Hopkins, Messrs. W. H. McClelland and E. K. Bowden ; Illawarra, Rev. J. Robson, Messrs. W. J. Wiseman and J. Thomp son ; Bathurst, Rev. F. C. Boyer, Messrs. T. S. Pearse and S. H. Gannon; Maitland, Rev. W. H. George, Messrs. I. Winn and T. Charleston ; Armidale, Rev. J. Beale, Messrs. E. Lonsdale and W. Scribner ; Grafton, Rev. T. North cott, Messrs. Griffiths and Lynn ; Goul burn, Rev. J. W. Winspear, Messrs W. S. Foxall and E. Long ; Riverina, Rev. H. Pennington, Messrs. G. Sides and J. G. Fletcher. This Committee is to meet on Friday, March 9th, at 2 p.m. Tuesday evening next Conference, week will witness the opening of the Conference of 1900. Who is to be President ? is a question that is being eagerly discussed. Circuit stewards are wondering ' Who are we likely to get ? '' and people generally are asking 'What about Methodist Union ? ' Tuesday evening will solve the first problem, and will give some light and leading with regard to the second. The attendance, of our people never fails at this auspicious function, and Centenary Hall will be crowded as usual. But we are looking also for a higher Presence — a Presence that shall abide with and preside over the Conference in all its sessions. To this let all our people say Amen I On Monday morning we felt Glory ! like indulging in a good old Methodist shout of ' Glory to God ! ' Success had at last crowned our arms in South- Africa. Kimberley was relieved. Magersfontein (dread name) was at last in the hands of the British, and the enemy was in full flight towards Bloemfoutein. How soon the tide of battle turned after the day of national intercession. The connection between these two events is striking, and ought to be well laid to heart. Shall we not adoringly say, ' His right hand and His holy arm hath gotten us the victory.' We rejoice in the news of success not | merely because of the strategy and dash of our leaders and the unconquerable courage of our troops. These things minister to our national pride and restore the prestige of our arms. But we rejoice in the British triupiph because it gives hope of speedy peace ; and in the restoration of peace under British rule we discern equal justice to citizens of every nationality aud freedom and life to the oppressed and enslaved native races. We pray that that triumph may speedily be complete and unmis takable. In the sad and unexpected A Bereaved death of the Rev. William Mission. Weir Lindsay, our Fijian Mission has sustained a loss that is almost irreparable. Mr. Lindsay was an ideal missionary. His devotion to his work is shown in the fact that his service in Fiji has been continuous since the first year of his probation ; and his absences on furlough or to attend Conference have been very rare. Brotherly in his spirit and digni fied and gentlemanly to a degree in his bearing, he was unanimously elected as Chairman of the District on the retire ment of the Rev. F. Langham, and has since filled the office with characteristic ability and fidelity. His bereaved family will have the sympathy of the entire Australasian Church ; and missionaries in Fiji will also be sincerely condoled with in the death of their honoured and trusted chief. A cablegram in Tuesday's Hugh Price daily papers announces Hughes. that the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes has completed arrangements. for an early visit to Aus tralia. From the tenor of the telegram we imagine that he is coming put specially in the interests of the London Central Mission. A right hearty welcome awaits our distinguished friend. He is perhaps the foremost figure of to-day in universal Methodism. An Englishman and a Christian Imperialist to his finger tips, he is the most, prominent representa tive of aggressive evangelistic Methodism. His presence in any part of the United Kingdom is sufficient to draw an eager and enthusiastic crowd ; and we imagine the churches and halls of Australia will be' too small to hold the congregations that will gather to hear him here. May he come to us in power and in much assurance, and in the fulness of the Holy Ghost. The remarkable popu Kipling's larity of Rudyard Kip ' Recessional.' ling's 'Recessional'— it was sung almost throughout the Empire on the Day of Intercession — makes the story of that hymn one of real interest. The editor of the Melbourne Southern Cross tells the story as it was told to him (Rev. Dr. Fitchett) ' by the person who next to Kipling himself is entitled to tell the story. It runs thus : — 'The London Times . invited Kipling to write a poem on the occasion of the Queen's Jubilee. But everybody was writing ' Jubilee verses,' and the note of national pride dominant at that moment offended Rudyard Kipling's ear. He would write no Jubilee sonnet ! Shortly after, the editor of the 'limes had occasion to visit Kipling. The poet picked out of his watte-paper basket a 6rumpled sheet, and offered it to his visitor, saying, 'Here are some verses, if you think they are worth printing,' It was the ' Recessional ' ! Kipling had written the versus, was dissatisfied with them, thought them worthless, and flung the sheet into Mr waste-paper basket. The editor of the Times, with wiser vision saw the beauty and power of the poem, and gladly printed it, and it has proved the most memorable and popular set of verses produced during this generation. It has to be added that, when the Times sent Rudyard Kipling a cheque for a generous amount in payment for the verses, the cheque was returned. Kip ling, with a true instinct, refused to make the 'Recessional' the subject of a bargain, or to be paid for clothing the religious sentiments of a nation in verse.' It is a matter of know Alissionary ledge that the income of Matters. our Australasian Wes leyan Methodist Mission ary Society has not for some years past been equal to the expenditure. Either one or two things must now be done. The income must now be brought up or the expenditure must be brought down. Appeals have been made to our people throughout Australasia to do the former, but the gap remains almost as great as ever. The Missionary authorities now feel that the question must be faced. If the income cannot be brought up the expenditure must be cut down. Each year's accounts must be made to bal ance, and the responsibility be thrown upon the churches generally of saying whether our operations shall be curtailed so as to keep within the bounds of safe finance. Proposals to this effect will be submitted to the Conference, and will demand serious and prayerful con sideration. The question of improving the status and increasing the responsi bilities of our native agents will also be brought forward. A change in policy that involve? more than mere matter of ...... finance and will have to be looked at in all its bearings. The Conference will need to give ample time and close at tention to what has well been called the imperial cause of foreign missions. On Friday, 16th February, A Mother Mrs. Hannah Watkin in Israel. entered into rest, aged 94. She came of a good old Methodist stock of the family of Entwistle of pious memory, and was partner in service and tribulation through out his ministerial life of that grand missionary and minister, the Rev. James Watkin. Amongst the earliest ofWes leyan missionaries iu Polynesia Mr. and , Mrs. Watkin rendered herioe service in Tonga, and raised a cry for pity to Fiji that led to the establishment of our glorious mission in that group. There after, New Zealand, and subsequently in New South Wales, they were in labours more abundaut until the time arrived for well-earned retirement and rest. 'Grandma Watkin,' as she was familiarly and affectionately called, was a character as striking and noteworthy . in many respects as her illustrious , husband. Her memory was remarkably clear and retentive to the last ; and her interest in the work of her life suffered : no abatement. She was the last of the links that connected the present with the heroic days of the past. Her end was peace and her memory is blessed. This is the title of the 'Glorious autobiography of the Gospel Rev. John Watsford re Triumphs.' cently published in Eng land, and the receipt of which will be eagerly awaited in Aus tralia. The Editor of the Methodist Recorder gives an enthusiastic welcome to the 'book: ' It is written,' he says, 'by the Rev. John Watsford, a man whom all Methodism in the southern world honors as a hero and a saint. The manuscript was brought to this country by the Rev. W. H. Fitchett, who, at the request of the publishers, has written an introduction. If once the Methodist people in England get fairly hold of this book it will run through all the societies, carrying bless ing wherever it goes. Its title describes the contents and the spirit of the book — Glorious Gospel Triumphs. Its author . is now a venerable man, whose work in Fiji used to create wonder in the days when John Hunt was writing his letters on Entire Sanctification, and James Galvert was preaching the Gospel and setting up the type for the first Fijian Scriptures.' Intending purchasers will do well to place their orders early at the Book Depot. 