Antl-Separatiorists I Have Met. (By "The Wanderer.") The nomadic influence being strong upon me, I boarded a train a few days ago bound for the capital of the Black Swan Settlement, Perth. It was late at night when Southern Cross was passed, and even the moonshine did not enable us to see the line thereabouts marking off the new colony or Auralia. Apart from the general failure to locate the boundary line, nothing of paramount importance occurred until the Swan River was cross-d and Perth reached. One of the alleged beauties of this Scotch-named city is the Esplanade, and during the afternoon of the day of my arrival the sea-b;Lrne zephyrs and green grass induced we .to meander round this delectable spot. While ruminating over things past, present, and future, my languid attention was. arrested by the possessor of a well shaped- head and face unusually keen and shrewd looking. It occurred to me- that a contractor I had known re sembled the passer-by. Mutual recog nition confirmed this-belief, and con versation naturally eventuated. "How long' have you been down from the goldfields ?" he asked. "Only-a few hours.' ."You are well posted on matters there then. Tell me, is there any thing in this" Separation movement ?" "There just is; psenty of interest, energy, money, and perseverance." "But you hain't a ghost of a chance of -getting Separation. Now, have you ?" "Yes; certainly, why not ?" "Why, see how Father O'Gorman was. treated; had to go to the fourth clerk to get an interview with Chamberlain." "That's nothing; that particular clerk is the proper personage to go to in ,rder to arrange interviews." -"Yes; well, anyhow, I don't think the British Government would .-grant. Se paration. They have more regard for the interests of the colony as a whole, and Sir John Forrest." "Perhaps; but that's opinion only. The goldfields are certain of two things. One is. that they are united in their demand for Separation, and the other is that the rest of Australia is supporting them. These two factors count for more than Sir John Forrest's personality,". "Ah, well, you can't make mne believe that- you'll ever get it." . And w:th an incredulous toss of 'his head my contractaike friend mounted his bicycle and. glided off into space: This abrupt arousal from my idyllic day-dreaming unnerved me, the arca , dian scene seemedincongruous ,with tlihe ftanie -of mind incduced;. s.p, I started " adrtihing, the"raiiway station being the Objective. ' The barrier station gates were safely passed, and the platform. gained, when suddenly my hand was gripped and an inquiry hurled at my inoffensive per son. "Hulloa! -Where have youi been to this long time ?" The speaker -V recognised as : civil servant in -the Mines Department. E± pressing my unqualified delight-at -the re-union, I. answered his question:. "Been living on the goldfields for the past six months." "Have you, really. Sa y, _Shait :di - you think of this Separatin .aiiti ve-i ment ? - Do you think you'll ever? :get Separatiol -?" 'Yes;. don't you ?" "No, I do not. Why, there's no bot tom to the movement; it will fall. to pieces directly." 'As you have not been on the spot, you have underrated the movement. It's c. ihief -fafiires are solidity and 'iiani-2 -."'ut then, look at -the figures ?ivien in the Reform League manifesto&Whiry;, Acatiary Owen has knocked thai, kite high." -Nothing of the kind, sir. Even ad mitting Owen's production to be €or rect, he only qualifies the figures in one .particular. 'The rest, by inferencei is all substantially correct. "You can say what you like, but no one here takes the movement seriously. I don't see how it can possibly succeed." "That's because you are led by the nose by the daily press here; :If you knew the ?-circumstances of the case. and thought for, yourself, you would come to a different conclusion." "No fear, I --" " Just then the engine whistled, and le made a dash for his train with a celerity that.did him credit. Congra tulating myself on getting rid of bo thersome interrogators, I ensconced myself on a .platform seat, Absorbed in reverie, I did not notice those seated near me, until aroused by the question, addressed point blank to me, "When did you come down from the goldfields ?" Looking around, I- recognised a su burban municipal councillor of some years standing. After enquiries re mutual health, and comment on per sonal appearances had been exchanged, he renewed his question. cCame down this morning." "Did you? How are things on the goldfields ? I see you are going in for Separation. Do you think you'll get it ?" "There is every reason to believe so." "But are they unanimous on the point? We hear down here that the movement is only half-hearted; 'onie are against it." "Then you have been wrongly in formed. -The one prominent feature of the whole business is the. unanimity. of all classes of society on the goldfields in fairor of the movement." "But if Separation is granter, what is to become of us? Surely you don't want to ruin us_?" "The goldfields have sufferid long en'ough. Besides, you can a9ert ruin by compelling-, your Government to federate with the other colonies, even when Separation is granted." "There's one thing.in our favor.. The daily Press here reckon it will not be granted, and that your demands are un just." "Strange that they have not attemp ted,to refute the arguments adduced in favor of Separation. They have sim ply ridiculed and misrepresented." '"Well, good-bye, if you must go. good luck to you." To one of a retiring dispusition, such continuous interrogation -as this arouses an overpowering desire to get away out back.. Such jarring of distinct dis cords is an infliction not lightly. to be borne. Desire, and the possession of a ticket, induced me to board a train bound for Collie. Two incidents, oc curred on the journey, Real cream, pure product of the cow, was supplied to us while dining at Pinjarrah. Over against this may be cited the fact that on the same dining -table there were jars bearing t'e inscription, "Hilton cheese, made in England." Dairying is not up-to-date. t' Pinjarrah. A bumptious specimen of the groper land official was met with, at Brunswick Junc tion. One of the. passengers in .our hearing was enjoined to be careful what he said,: or -would' not be allowed to travel by the train. Some coniversa tion in our d~epartment caused him to command us to "be civil, now." There upon he was facetiously dubbed the "uncivil, servant." The next day: a frienid was induced to show us over the collie coal mine. Impressed- with. the extent of the work ings; we 'were returnitg- to our quar ters when. the local registrar: hove in sight, andti was -.introduced. - Enqiry as-to wihere we- huiled Mfr-i i immedzate ly' produced' they now' inevitabie. ques 'tion- "Do you 'think the Separation move ment has any chance of success ?" "Yes; a good chance." - "Don't you think it. is inconsistent? You want. Separation and. Federation. How= can you reconcile the two re quests ?" . "Easily. There's no chance of Fed eration if Premier Forrest.can prevent it-we are obliged to separate to- get a chance to federate." "But see how you are going to in jure qs 'by Separation. The coal in dustry wants encouragement. Wev want the Governmmnt to build a line ?font, here direct as can be to the goldfields' -line. But if you separate, and then federate you will block our coal." "Just so; but why not try'to induce your Government to federate ?" "Ah, well, I don't think you i"havd shy chance of success' anyhow, ?o it doesn't 'mattet.. It is ag'ainst all 't"ea' son '-|nd constitution to ask for sepat a '""B6t 'Victotia and Queensland adop. 'ted this m~ethod miccessfully, and-- My'int~eratrgator sddenly 'reme bered he haid business eles~hirde, "n~i' left. It occurred to me t, do ~iikewise The coastal districts were too ftidl of enquiry and contention re Separatioan' to allow a peace-loving wanderer-to -enr joy lif.' 'Grim satisfaction'st eldd?l% obtrusive interrogators induced me to ipurchase a ticket for the dusty plains and city of Kalgoorlie, and decision ?n boafrding the train ended my 