the power of drink. ' Ho Man Is Strong Enough to Safety Tam per xvltli It— Henry Wilson's TesL or bo shall ho great in the sight ofl ths Lord, and shail drink neither wine nor stfbiia arm k; and fce shall be filled-' with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb.— Lake l»lo. The might of strong drink is a subject which it is perilous to discuss. It ia mightier than public opinion; It defies law, it tramples upon the rights of hu manity, it breaks every law of the deca- logue, or leads to their being- broken, and yet it intrenches itself in politick so that a minister touchesit at his peril. Vast sums are invested in the business by professed Christian people. The profits are said to be fabulous , iu amount. It buys ont tho law and right The range of subjects open to an lione'st and fear- ' less minista r is becoming exceedingly Email. _ The enormous evils of drink are so apparent and so utterly, at variance with inan's interests we .would suppose that all Christian people would unite in staying its march; but; alas, such is .not the case. ." "Do not drink wine nor strong drink, thou nor thy sons with thee, when thou 'goest into tlie tabernacle of the congre gation lest ye die" (L'cviticus x, 9). A clouded brain, a thick tongue would not then be tolerated in the service of the Lord. It ought not to be now, either in the pulpit of in congress. God bless the man who says that. A Nazarite was separated from strong drink. Strength was the result' as in the case of- Samson no more than of Daniel Webster, who . gu.yeJ;o his youthful training and temper ance the credit for his wonderful strength of brain, which in later years he lost through strong think. "And thou shalt 'have joy aiid glad ness, for he shall neither drink wine nor strong drink." Drink would have ruined all this. The blue ribbon movement saved not only Spurgeon's hoys,, but saved the great preacher to the cause of temperance. We need to work this temperance business among the youth. They can ho taught to sing .it and pray it and love it. Nothing can be more helpful than the turning of the attention of the youth in the public schools. John had more than abstinence from wine and strong drink. He was given to Christ from his youth. Let us bring our children to Christ. Surrender them to the Holy Spirit's guidance. Nothing can match it. A child well horn anil raised is half converted. "When I went to Boston Mr. Uniac was under the power of strong drinlc. :He "went to tho war and draulr fearfully. In the convalescent camp he was a wreck — head tied up and eyes black. He came to hear Gough, stopped drink and became the finest temperance orator in tho world. One morning, weakened in body, he took some quinine bitters in Which was alcohol. It rekindled the fire which consumed.his every liope and landed him on the lee shore of perdition. Henry Wilson on the other hand shows how safe a man is that refuses to touch it. His father and family were drunk ards. God opened his eyes. He changed his name. He refused/to taste it with John Quincy Adams when asked to drink. "That," said he, "was my cru cial moment. I told him to excuse me, that my parents were drunkards and if I tasted it I would ho gone." John Quincy Adams sent it from the table and praised him for abstaining. It saved him and he climbed +-c position of power and influq'q. There ia something exhilara.«s — the launching of a great steamer that is fitted to brave the dangers of the deep. See her as she moves out loaded to the gunwales; Contrast it with a wreck on the shore. - There is this difference be tween a child reared to be temperate and one given up to strong drink. — Ser mon by Rev. J. D. Fulton, D. D. 