RACING NOTES. (By 'Tatiara.') General entries for the A.R.C. Birthday Cup meeting, whidh takes place at Vic toria Park on May 26, 28, and June 2, were received by the secretary on Monday evening. The total is exceedingly satisfac tory, as the nominations constitute a new record for the club. The highest number previously taken by Mr. Heseltine was 512 in 1896; this year, for 18 races, 531 entries came to handr— a gratifying increase. Ano ther striking feature is that 58 Melbourne horses have been engaged. La Carabine figures in the Parkside Stakes, while the St. ATbans stable has also sent in the names of Headland, Rumor, Eminence, and Rona, for different events. A glance at the following comparative taible of entries ?will show the details of the numbers: — Race. 1696. 1S97. 1S06. 1899. 1900. Disposal Stakes .... 20 24 — — — Victoria Park Stakes — — 8 — — ltai(ten Plate ? — — ? 17 18 Selling Hurdles .... 19 19 17 18 — Jumpers' Flat ...... — — — — 22 Oity Handicap .... 72 58 56 59 61 Selling Steeplechase ..14 U 18 11 — Kensington Steeple .. — — — — 19 Adelaide Stakes .... 15 13 13 21 17 Parkside Stakes .... 18 11 6 12 12 Trial Stakes ...... 27 21 14 17 — Old Course Trial.. ..— — — — 29 First Hurdles ? 26 32 26 — — Victoria Pk. Hurdle — — — 23 21 Birthday Cup ? 60 52 56 62 53 Kensington Stakes ..15 16 16 23 — Gang Forward Stakes — — — — 21 Norwood Handicap ..26 27 25 21 32 Welter Handicap .... 28 27 27 29 — Tusmore Welter .... — — — . — 29 Auction Stakes .... 18 20 21 19 — Coalbrook Stakes .... — — — — 26 Second Hurdles .... 30 31 31 — — Dulwich Hurdle .... — — — SO 25 Marrj-ati'ille Handicap 30 30 33 34 37 Handicap Steeplechase 28 87 32 — — Victoria Park Steeple — — — 29 18 A.R.C. Handicap .... 25 — — — — Alderman Cup .... — 43 48 41 49 Rose Park Handicap 46 37 36 34 42 512 511 482 490 531 metallic was scraTCBea lor tiie ucoa wood Handicap at 11.8 a.m. on Monday. The General Traffic Manager has kindly arranged for tihe following trains to stop at Morphettville during 'tlhe month oi May, viz.:-^On Victoria-square line, 6.25 a.m. from Glenelg and the 7.0 a.m. froan Ade laide; c-n North-terrace line, the 6.55 a.m. froan Adelaide. It is stated that the brood mares pur chased at the Chipping Norton sale by Mr. Archie Yuille are likely to go to Eng land. Swagman, who von a race last week at Woomaxgaima, has had a remark able career. In 1894 he raced around Syd ney, and since then he has run at Mel bourne, West Australia, India, and South Africa. Two years ago he was hamstrung at Wbdonga, but a wonderful veterinary achievement enabled ihim to again race. Fleet Admiral, who is to race in Ade laide, is said to have done well, and he looks to be in good condition. Rosebud, who is to be a member of Hickenbotham's Adelaide team, is a sister to Moss Rose, and is smart over short courses. Plying Fox (says a home paper) likes liis mouthful, and is not particular whether it is from the man on his back, the horse that is leading him in kis work, or from, the green grass. In the middle of a strong gallop he will at times take a snatch at the herbage, and woe to the unwary joeuey as, unless he is quick and lets the reins run through his fingers, he will pull him over his head— a thing that has 'happened more than once. Next to Sir John Thursby, who bought Calveley (says the 'Sporting Times'), we have an idea that the man inost pleased to see the last of Flying Fox in this coun try is John Porter. He has trained too many good horses to be nervous at having one unuer his care; but he is a very con scientious man, on whom heavy responsi bilities do not fit lightly, and in training a horse such as Flying Fox is, and is still more likely to 'become, there would be great anxiety and not many easy momenta until the Ascot Cup was over. Flying Fox is, we have not the slightest doubt, a much better horse at this moment than he hat- ever been, and if he had the temper of Isinglass it would be pleasant to train him and see him win the Ascot Cup. Even Isin glass, however, is not left night or day, a man sleeping with him all night. Ho long as John Porter had Flying Fox under his care, the probability is that he would say nothing oi the anxiety he caused him, but now that he has gone, and is not likely to run again, he will perhaps unbosom himself, in which case the public will learn something that will interest them. It is well known that Flying Fox is what is cal led 'a very high-couraged' horse, but the full extent of his courage is not known. We noticed that the lad who rode him into the Bale ring last week was as white as a ghost, and tlie one who held the leading rein had not the appearance of happiness on his face. The S.A.J.C. committee have donated £5 from the Distressed and Disabled Jockeys' Fund to W. Munro (formerly a jockey), who is in bad 'health and indigent circumstances. Dull and threatening weather prevailed at 'Warrnarabool on April 24, but no raira fell, and there was a good attendance, the Melbourne contingent being unusually nu« merous. Consequent on the recent rains the course was very heavy, says the 'Ar-i gus.' A shade of odds was laid on Vic* tor, by Wellington— Little Louie, for the Trial Hurdle llace, and, leading all the way, he won easily. The winner is a full brother to Soult. Wanaka, by Tradition, was a strong favorite for the Trial Stakes, and jumping away at the barrier rise he ?won all the, way. Kildare, by Kangaroo, ?was most in request for the Junior. Steeplechase, and the result was never in doubt. Fidelity fell at the last fence, and 'having broken his shoulder was shot. Hearsay was favorite for the Wansonun Handicap, but she did not seem able to act in the heavy going, which evidently suited Veme, who was in front through^ out. Mailboy was the elect of backers ia the Hurdle llace, but Barossa, who is a son of Wellington, was in front nearly all tlie 'way, and, although allowed to run un backed, won by a head from PJunger, who interfered witih the winner in the run home. A short price was taken about Table Talk for the Welter Handicap, but slhe was beaten by the outsider, Top-p-i, by Highlander. '.. Verne, the two-year-old, sister to Boba« dil, who cost Mr. J. D. McArthur 300 guii neas as ayearling, won the chief flat event, ;he Wangoom Handicap, at the Warrnam. bool races last week. w For the second year in succession th'e * City and Suburban, one of the big early land'ieaps of the English racing season, has fallen to an Australian-bred horse in The Grafter. A year ago Newhaven rewarded Mr; W. Cooper by capturing this impor tant stake. After winning the V.R.C. Derby and the Melbourne Cup Newhavea was dispatched to England with the repu tation of being the fastest horse sent from the colones to the homeland. After his u'rival lie won one race, in which odds o£ ) to 4 were laid on him beating his soli tary opponent over a mile course o£ tba March Stakes at Newmarket. In 1898 the Anstralian ran in fhe City and Subur ban, figuring at a long price. It was gene rally admitted that in that race the crack was very badly handled by Eickaby, as shortly after starting he was pulled back behind the big field, but he came with a brilliant run along the straight, and whea t/he ?winning post was reached he was oaiy two lengths behind Bay Ronald, who was then in great form, and the three-year-oid Craftsman -was a head from the Australian. On his later running Newhaven was gene rally condemned by English sporting writers, many of whom termed him a cur and a fraud. Australians, however, who were conversant with his brilliant speed, firmly held the opinion that Newhavea only wanted time to become acclimatised^ when he would confound all his critics, and his victory in the City and Suburban, of '90 showed that the Newminster horsa bad lost none of his brilliant pace. Strange to say, The Grafter, like Newhaven, took some time to become used to the home climate. He was sold to Mr. J. G. Clarke shortly after 'he had won the Aidbourae Cup of 1898 for Mr. W. Forrester, and the new owner of the bis; Gozo gelding seat him home, Brewer following to train him, and the other Australian horses shipped to England. For a time no success attended &ie; Australian trainer, acd Lewis, wh-t went to England to ride the horses, re turned to Victoria. Dflring the winter ?months, 'however, Brewer began to pick up hurdle races, and he has opened tiiB new English racing season by taking the third big handicap decided up to date. The victory is an important one, because the stake closed with liZ sub scribers, 15 of whom went out on paying the first forfeit of 3 sovs. each, so tliac ia ill probability a strong Held would rua. Early in the year Brewer wrote siatiae tnat he was schooling The Grafter, ana later on came the news from Mr. Clarke that the gelding was doing so well in hia work that he had 'hopes of picking up a ?ood handicap with him. Innocence, who finished second, ran pretty well last sea son as a three-year-old, the colt capturing the Bickerstoffe Stakes, of 500 eovs., one mile, for three-year-olds, and the Prince of Wales Stakes, a welter handicap. After this Mr. Miller's colt ran consistently, as he got a place in his next tiiree races, but was twice unplaced in his concluding engagements — three. Goblet last season carried the colors of the late Duke of Westminster, and the two-year-old only ran on four occasions. He dead-heated with Epsom Lad in the 42nd Ascot Bien nial Stakes, and ran into a place in the balance of his races. At the time that nominations for 'the spring handicaps had to be made Mr. Norman, on behalf of the late duke's executors, sent in the name of the colt for the City and Suburban. When. t'he late Duke of Westminster's horses went up for sale Gobiet, whose twoyear old performances were so consistent, at once drew an oiler of 1,000 guineas. There was keen competition for the threeyear old, and finally Sir Blundell Maple's com missioner secured the colt at 5,000 guineas. The Sydney Park pigeon match will be shot on Monday, May 7, the date having been altered from the 10th. Handicaps will appear on May 5, and entries will be rec-eiveii as previously advertised. Shoot ing begins at 10.30 a.m. sharp. California and Ciipstone, bought in Syd ney by ttie Mordialloc trainer, A. Fergu son, have readied Melbourne. Clipstona is to run over hurdles. The Albury correspondent of the 'Age' wired last week l!hat at the Wallaa dool fire two horses confined in the 6tablea perished, viz., Whakawai, who started se cond favorite at 8 to 1 in the Melbourna Cup won by Mentor; and a young horse, named The Jap, by Mikado II. Mr. T. G. Muir leaves for England by the R.M.S. Ortona, which departs from Melbourne on May 15. His horses, Par thian, The Tola, Sweetheart, and Fife tshire, travel by t'he Nineveh two days later. On the second day of the Warrnambool meeting Victor, by Wellington— Little 3x-uie, who is said to 'be a promising horse/' won the Hurdle Race. Six ran in the Warmainbool Grand Annual Steeplechase, and Euro started at a ehort price. Butler, who ia well known in Melbourne, and waa .bred by the Messrs. Miller, fenced splen aidly, aiiS. won all die way. Mysore stop ped twice, and Was pulled off. Verne took !the Flying Stakes, and Dictator, by Lord Bundoora, the Cup. i Charge has been sent to the stud at iBelltrees, New South Wales. The A.J.C. Derby winner has done one season at the stud, and some of his stock are running in it'he Belltrees paddoeks. ? Eurocyldoe, in ins day one of the best (horses in New Zealand, has just been sold at 160 guineas. : It was Mr. R. McKenna who tried to buy Parthian. An. Indian sportsman cabled, asking him to price tlie colt. . Stagelight and Lyddite are favorites for tthe Goodwood Handicap, at 5 to 1 each.. 'Blue Cap II. and Aqua figure at 8 to 1. 'La Carabine is favorite for t'he Adelaide Cup, &'t 5 to 1, Tarquin being quoted at eixes. Dirk Hammerhand and Gunga Din We both at 8 to 1, and Veneda at tens. ! Scobie's team, comprising Blue Cap II., {Paul Pry, Miltiades, Raui'urly, and The Bride, arrived from Ballarat on Saturday aiiglit. Four of the 'horses are located at tlie ?Pier Hotel, Glenelg, and the other at the (Berk.-.lliire. Metallic will not be over. ? 'Hickenbotham also arrived on Saturday feveuing with Fleet Admiral, .St. Austral, land Rosdbud. These horses during their stay in Adelaide will be quartered at tlie ftlbrpneltville Stud Farm. The yearling colt by Patron from Epi, lowiied by Mr. J. Patterson, of Melbourne, :TVJH l'aee as Patronage. Crusado, t'he New Zealand steeplechaser, Ihas gone into J. Kerr's 'stable, one of that (trainer's patrons having purchased him after he had won tlie 'Steeplechase on the concluding day of the A.J.C. -meeting. i Ambush 11., who won the Grand Na tional, cost the Prince of Wales £500. He .ffCas- bought for his Royal Highness by Mr. 7''vX Lushington, who superintended the Haorse's training. 'Cannon,'' says an English paper by (Moirday's mail, ''has had a leather collar made in case he gets hung up by the tapes iof tihe starting machine.' 'Sloan received 'his license on reaching England. 'When the mail 'left 1,100 to 400 had been Itaken about ForCarshire for the Derby. Mr. T. R. Dewar intends to run the colt once in public before he starts in the Derby, which is to be decided on Wednes day, May 30. No fewer than five American jockeys had jnoun'ts in the Lincolnshire Handicap — the two Reiffs, J. H. Martin, Sloan, and B. 3tigby. The most prominent at the finish Svas ]\l'ar'tin, fifth on Downhain. Ercildoune, owned by Mr. Wilfred Wii Eon, a son ot' the late \Sir Samuel AVil-son, ,Trhoi so nearly defeated Scinitillaut in last year's Cessrejvitch, has finished his racing ?earee-r. Darling has experienced great (difficulty in 'training tlie h'ou of Kendal— fefaid Marian, and as it was very doubtful if he would ssitand another winding up, Mr. Wilson decided to send him to the stud forthwiili. He has gone to Cobham, re marks a paper by the mail. The Final PJa'te last y-eair i\'a,s won b.v I.. Reiff, and the fir-st even't this season by J. Reiff. The latter has gained about !7 1b. during the winter, but even now can feo to *;ile consideralbly under 6 ct. (says b paiier by ilotiday's mail). 'Well,' I guess it wasn't any use waiting,' was Johnny Reift's reply to a congratulation mpon him making an early successful start. ? History (says an English writer) repea Ited itself when Le Bnzon won the Bat fchyamy Plate, as the colt gained the same ieveut last year, but under a very different tinrden to tlie oive he won under this Season, which was 8 st. 5 lb., as against 6 tst. 4 lb. previously. Le Blizon was bred in France by M. R. Lebaudy, and was foougli't by Mr. Bottomley for 1,650 gui neas. Young Hare rode him in the Ameri can Style. According to in Englisli paper,- since Mr. p. Bfitiomley paid Mr. Dyas 5.000 guineas for Gent'Je Ida, i'he mare has not won a race, and hea- appearance in the Liverpool ^Trial 3ieep]echa.-e junt before the mail left i*-as her firrf wnce she broke down in a frtt race at Sandown on the 1st De jDember. lkt-ho has evidently experienced fe lot of trouble with the mare, but all Ijis left'oi'ls were rendered in vain, for sne fell lame- during ihe race, and had to be pulled Mp. The result of the Lincolnshire Handicap, run on March 27, was cabled. The follow ing details came to hand by the mail pa 'pers on Monday:— The open character of Wie Lincolnshire Handicap, the first impor tant handicap of the -sea.-son, was proved fcy 25 fat-ing the starter, also by the ani Snated wagering, in which the leading lot Several times changed places, although a tevistained run on Survivov on Uie course joaused the Australian horse to start a very ftrarm favorite. Sir Geoffrey was in good jeeeond demand., wilh Bonnebosq, Gerol Btein, and Royal Flusli forming a strong jtliird rank, but Down'hain and Berzak went »ut to almost double their previous prices. pTn the result, Sir Geoffrey, for whom 2 lb. tvras sacrificed, Morny Camion being over (weight, mi\d« light of his burden of 8 st. Lib., and won in a canter from Strikea ght (7 fit. 12 lb.), who in turn was a tenilaii1 distance in front of Forcett. Fourth and fifth places were iiMed b.v Nippon and 'IDownhain, the latter the only one doing 8-attle for phe thyee-year-olds. The stakes feained by Mr. H. Barnato b.v the victory !of the son of St. Angelo and La Vierpe 'lamount to £1,415. The time was 1 man. '47 sec. The betting at the ptart was 4 to 1 lag-am si; Survivor, 100 'to 12 Sir Geoffrey, »nd 100 to 8 Oban. 