\0UE SERIAL STORY. \- - ----_ I [PUBLISHED BT SPECIAL ASBAHOEKEST.]' THE GODDESS: À DEMON. UT BICHARD MABSH, Author of " In Full Cry," "The Beetle," "A Mys- tery," The Crime and the Criminal/' " The Datchet Diamonds," "Frivolities," &c.;, ¿tc. [COFTRIOÈT.] CHAPTEE XXIII-IN THE PASSAGE. The inspector I dragged in by the collar of his coat. I slammed the door in the faces of his friends, keeping my foot against it while I shot the bolts. "This won't do! I'm not going to stand any more of your nonsense ! Ton let my men in !" There was a flaming gasbracket in the passage. By its flare I eyed the in- spector. - *' Toa be so good as to understand, Mr. Symonds, that I'm going to hare no more of your nonsense." He pub his band up to his mouth-a whistle between :hi6 fingers. Gripping his wrist, I pinned him by the throat against the wall. " If you are not careful, you'll get hurt." He gasped out between his clenched teeth, " I'll make you pay for this ! Tou let my men in !" "I'll»not let your menin-until you and I hare-had aa explanation." The lady interposed. "Don't hurt him !" " I'll not hurt him-unless he compels me. Look here, Symonds, theve's been a mystification-a hideous blunder." " I don't want to have anything to say to you. Toa open that door !" His bands returned to his lips. Again I bad to pin him against the wall ; this time I wrenched the whistle from between bis fingers. ' " If you give any sort o£ signal, you'll be sorry.'*' " Tou've broken my wrist !" " I haven't, but I will if you don't look out. I tell you, man; that we're been on the wrong scent ; you and I, and ali of us."It isn't Edwin Lawrence who's been murdered ; he isn't even dead." " Don't tell, your tales to me." "Tales! I tell yon tales ! Here's Mr. Edwin Lawrence, to tell bis own." Lawrence was standing a few steps farther down the passage, an apparently interested spectator of what had been taking place. Symonds turned to him. "This man? Who is this man P" Lawrence thrust his thumbs into hts waistcoat armholes. ' " I'm the corpse on whom the coroner's been, sitting." *" " Don't play 'your mountebank tricks with me-, sir." "I'm the murdered man." " Indeed ? And pray what may be your name ?" "Edwin Lawrence-at your service, entirely to command. Though I may mentions that that's only a form of words ; since, at present, I'm really, and actually, in the service of another-a lady. Bound to her hand and foot, by a tie there's no dissolving." Symonds perceived that, in his manner, to say the least, there was something curious. As he looked at me I endeavoured to give him the assurance which I saw that ho required. " It is Mr. Edwin Lawrence, you may j safely take my word for it. The lady can confirm what I say." Which the lady did, upon the instant. The inspector was still, plainly in acetate of uncertainty ; which, under the circum- stances, was scarcely strange. " I don't know if this is a trick which you haVe got up between you, and which you think you opa play off on me, bat, anyhow, what do yon say the dead man is?" . ' ' . . - Lawrence chose to take the question aB addressed to-him. He chuckled; there iras something in the chuckle which suggested the maniac more vividly than anything which had gone befere. "Who's the dead man? Ah! there's the puzzle-and the joke! The dead man must be me. It's in the papers-r in people's mouths-it's the talk of the town. The police are searching for the wretch that slew me-the coroner and the jury have viewed my body. It's plain the dead man must be me. And yet, although it's very odd, he isn't. It's the rarest jest that ever yet was played -and all her's." He pointed with his thumb along the passage. "It's all her doing, conception and execution, both. And how she ha3 enjoyed it! Ever since, she has done nothing else but laugh. Can't you hear her ? She's laugh- ing now !" There did seem to come through the door which was at the end of the pas- sage, the sound of a woman's laughter. We all heard it. The lady drew closer to me : I gritted my teeth ; the inspector, ' with whom, as yet, it had no Jincotnforfc able associations, treated it as though it were nothing out of the way. , " Who's it you've got in there P" Lawrance raised his hands as if they bad been notes of exclamation. " A goddess ! Such an one ! a pearl of the pantheon! A demon!-out of the very heart of hell!" He fingered his shirt collar, as if it were -tight about bis neck. " That's why she's relished ber humorous conception more than I have. The qualities which go to the complete enjoyment of the jokes she plays I lack. The*laughter she compels bas charac- teristics which I do not find altogether feo my taste. It gets upon my brain ; steals my sleep; nips my heart; fills the world with -faces; grinning faces, all of theip-like his. 'And so Tm resolved to tell, the joke, and 1 promise that it shan't be spoilt in telling." - This was a smile upon his Ups, a something elusive in bis eyes, whioh, to my mind, again betrayed the lunatic. He threw out his arms, with a burst of sudden wildness. " Let them all come in-the whole street-the city- full 1 So that as many as can may be gathered together for the enjoyment of the joke !" Symonds and I exchanged glances. I spoke to him in an undertone. " If you take my advice, you will listen to what he has to say. Before he's finished, the whole story will have come out.". All.the time there had been knocking at the door. Now someone without made himself prominent above the others. A shout came through the panels. " Symonds ! Ie that you in there ? | Shall we break down the doorP" The voice was Hume's. I profiere a | suggestion to the-inspector. , ''There is no reason why Dr. Hume should not-come in. He will be able to resolve your doubts as to whether or not this is Mr Edwin Lawrence. Your men I should advise you to keep outside. They will be close at hand itv they are wanted." He regarded me askance, evidently still by no means sure as to the nature of the párt which I might be playing. You area curious person Mr. -Fer- guson. You have your own ideas of the way in which justice is administered in England. However, yon shall have your own way. Let Dr. Hume come in. My men can wait outside, till they are wanted." I unbolted the door, keeping my foot against it to guard against a sudden rush. The crowd was still in waiting. It had evidently grown larger. As the people -saw that the door was being opened, there were cries and exclama- tions. Hume was standing just outside. It seemed that it had been his intention to make a dart within; but tbe spec- tacle of me in the doorway caused him to hesitate- Beside him were the inspector's friends. Misunderstanding the situa- tion, they made an 'effort to force the door wider open. It was all I could do to hold it against them. "Hume you can come in. Inspector Symonds, give your men their instruc- tions." " Gray, are yen there P" " Yes, sir ! Do you want us P" "Not just now. I may do shortly; keep where you are. Send along some- one to keep those people moving." " Very cood sir: Are yeu all right in there P" " For the present I am. Keep a sharp look-out. If you hear me give the word come in at once-if you have to break down the door to do it." "Right, sir!" I re-bolted the door, boos and georas coming irom the crowd, as they per- ceived themselves being shut out from the sight of anything which there might be to see. Hume bad entered. He was looking about him as if the position of affairs were beyond his comprehension. " Symonds, what does all this mean P Ferguson,''what new madness bare you been op to? Miss Moore,you here! This is no place for you !" . " I think it is." " I say it's not. You ought to be ia bed. Who gav« you permission to leave your room P" "I gave myself permission, thank you. I am quite able to care of myself. And, if I'm not, here's Mr. Ferguson." " Mr. Ferguson ! Mr. Ferguson stands in need of someone to take care of him." He turned to me. "If you've had a hand in bringing MissJlCoore here you ought to be ashamed of yourself, if you're capable, of shame, which I'm beginning to doubt. Surely your own sense of decency, embryonic though it may be, ought to Have told you that it is no Since for her. What is this den yon have Fought her to?" "Here ÍB someone who can tell you better than I. Ask him, not me." Lawrence broke into laughter. " That's it, Ferguson. Hume, ask the corps»," Hume stared at the speaker, as if he had been a spectre; which, apparently, he was more than half disposed to be- lieve that he waa. " Lawrence ! Edwin Lawrence 1 Is it a living man, some demoniacal likeness, or is it a ghost? My God! is it a ghost?" Again Lawrence laughed. He went closer to the bewildered doctor -. his eyes flaming, his manner growing wilder aB he continued speaking. " A ghost, Hume, write it down, a ghost ! I wonder if I could cheat myself into believing I'm a ghost P Hume, you're an authority on madness. Look at me ; do you think I'm mad ? It's a question I've been putting to myself since- she-began to be humorous. I Bee things-I bear things'-like the men who've been thirsty. There's a face which looks into mine-a - face all cat and slashed; and sliced into ribbons ; and as the blood streams down the cheek-bones, which are laid all bare, its teeth grin at me, inside the torn and broken jaws, and it says, ' After all I've done, this is the end!' I strike at it, with both my fists, whare the eyeballs ought to be, but I can't knock it away ; it wont ge, it keeps on being there. 1 can't sleep, though Td give all the world to. I'm af raid to try, because when I shut my eyes, I see it plainer. The blood gets on my hinds ; the taste gets into my mouth ; the idiot words get on my brain, ' After all I've done, this is the end !' I can't get away from tira face and the words; whatever I do, wherever I go, they're there. I seem to carry them with me: I've been drinking, but I can't drink enough to shut them out ; I can't get drunk. And, Hume, do von think I'm mad P I hope I am. For while I'm being tortured she laughs; she keeps laughing all the time. It's her notion of a jest. I hope that it's but a madman's fancy, what I ^see and hear ; and that, when I get my reason back again, they'll go-the face" and the words. You're a scientific man. Tell"me if I'm mad." Hume turned towards me. His countenance was pasty-hued. "What devil's trick is this?" Lawrence answered, in his own fashion, as if the question had been addressed to bim : "That's what it is-a devil's trick! Hers ! The Goddess's ! She's a demon ! I'll-I'll tell you how it was done. She's c ime-by the throat; bought me- lody and soul. But I don't care, I'll be even. She shan't do all the scoring ; I will play a hand, although, directly I afterwards, ehe drags me down to hell with her. Let her drag! I'm in hell already. It can't be worse-where she bas spf ung from." Taking Hume by the shoulder with one hand, with the other he pointed to the door which was at the end of the passage. He waB dreadful to look at. As he himself said, he already looked as if he were suffering the torments of the damned. " She's in there-behind that door. But, although she is in there she's with me here. She's always with me, wher- ever I am ; she, the face, and the words. Tou think I'm romancing, passing off on you the coinage of a madman's brain. I would it were so. I wish that they were lies of my omi invention, a maniac's imaginings. Come with me ; jud^re for yourself. Toa shall see her. I will show you how the 'devil's trick was done." He led the way along the passage. We followed.' I know not what thoughts were in the minds or the others. I do know that I myself had never before been so conscious of a sense of dis- comfort. The lady slipped her hand into mine. It was cold. Her fingers trembled. Even tten I would have stayed her from seeing what we were te see if I could. But I could not. It was as if we were being borne onward together in a dream. All the while I had a suspicion that of us all Inspector Symonds was most at his ease, while it seemad to me that Hume carried himself like a man who mored to execution. CHAPTEB XX IV.-SN THE BOOM. A large, bare, barn-like roooi. The walls were colour-washed; as sewn by gaslight,- an uncertain shade of ¿rey. The floor was bare. At one end was a -wooden dais. This, and a large skylight overhead, suggested that the apartment had been intended foi- a studio. Artistic properties there were none. The furni- ture was scanty. In one corner was a camp bedstead, the bedclothes in «ls order. It bad evidently not ¿eén made since it was slept in. There were two small tables, one at the side against tho wall; the other in the centre of thc room. Bottles and glasseB were on both. Bottles, indeed, were everywhere; de- signed, too, to contain all Kinds of liquids-wines, spirits, beers. Cham- pagne appeared to have been drunk by the gallon. On the floor, in the corner opposite the bedstead were ac least seven or eight dozen unopened bottles, of all sizes, sorts, and shapes. Three or four chairs, of incongruous design, com- pleted the equipment of the room ; with the exception, that is, of a tall screen, covered with crimson silk, which stood upon the dais. This screen was the first ' object which caught the eye on entering. One wondered if an artist's model were concealed behind. Lawrence placed his finger against his lips as be held the door open for us to enter. " Ssh ! She's behind the screen ! Listen, can'J; you bear-ber laughing?" This time I, for one, heard nothing. There was not ' a sound. And, since every sense was at the acutest tension, had there been it would scarcely have escaped my notice. Scarcely were we all in, than a door on the opposite side of the room was opened, gingerly and seemingly with hesitation, as if the opener was by no meaus sure of his welcome. Through it came the perti- nacious Mr. Bernstein, and, of all per- sons, young Tom Moore. At the sight of her brother the lady shrank closer to my side- The inspector appeared to regard the advent of the new-comers with suspicion, as though doubtful lest there were more to follow. " Who are these men ? Where do they come from P" Lawrence explained. {To be Continued.) ' Powell's Balsam ' of Aniseed. - Cough«, Asthma. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed.-« Coughs, Bronchitis. Powell's Balsam of A ni £eed.-Coughs, Lang Trannies, Powell's Bal Bam of Aniseed. - Colds, Night Coughs. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed.-Coughs, In- fluenza. Powell's Balsam .£ Aniseed.--Coughs, Sure Remedy. Powell's Balsam of Aniseed.« Coughs, Safe and reliable. Trade Mark- Lion, Net, and Moase. Established 1824. Sold by Chemists'throughout tie world. Ia bottles, ls. lid., and upwards. Printed for the WEBT AUSTRALIAN NEWS» PAPEB COMPANY, LTD., by JAKES GIBBNET, at the office of the Western Mail, St, George's-terraoe, Perta. 