'Stnnips.- 'Srompg,' as he was culled In Dt* Borland, was a favourite with criminals and— the police. Ho had a bright joke and a kindly word for all nltk6 , no one had ever seen 'him cross, -or -.known, him do a mean thing. Children bung ronnd him, listening to hto yarns; fhe lasses, always stopped to banter with him : , while nunv a night round the doss-lioUae fire lie vna the llfo of the wretched-looking group, as- in fluent, picturesque language lie, told ghost tales and fairy legends of Ms Dative County Glare, making the mouchera forget their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair ; and when he had money he was royally generous— ne treated everyone he came across. ' Bcdnd, that fact alone bethraye mot kingly lineage' (Mike was descended from an ancient Irish sovereign), lie once sold to me, balf-rccfnlly. ' Share, I'm never so happy as wbln dlsplnstag bounties.' Indeed, I-hare known 15s. tost lUm but two days, though ' he always slept In a. doss-home, and the only solid food that pasaod Us lips during that space was onions and tripe for supper, and a couple ot carrots aa a midday men!. 'My digestion, you see, Is peculiar,' he confided on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving ' a sentence of fourteen days; 'it seems to cotton to nothing but drink.' 'Could you not take the ple'l^e, and would not some one help you to- keep It?' asked the functionary of justice, who, I am snre, In bis 'heart, saw the futility of these rcpeatod conoiijunieuts to gaol. Mike ruffled his rough red hair, and a gleam of amusement darted Into, ?his eyes. ' May It plalse your lndshlp,' lie said, ' It's meaelf was a'shlnlng lolght in the Salvation Army-^fnr-fur twn months, an' begorra 1 In that tolme If 01 -llil not merit a silver medal fur llmper anco.' '^ji(I where Is (he me'lil 7' aiked the magistrate. Again Mlke'j eyes twlnkle-1 and the corners, of hU mouth worked. - 'An' yonil belalve me, your warship, whin 01 came out last tolme, from the r'si dence yon wds so kind as 't-- semi mu to fur mdl health, I pawned I: fnr a dhrop of thn cratar*, an* begorrt t If 01 didn't forad (be medal wasn't silver at all, but Jlet'a common bit or tin-.' Mfte'e real dlscotnflturo .was too much for those present, and they laughed aa. he meant them to laugh and nobody enjoyed bis joke more than be did himself. Bnt laughing Jit or Vflth n culprit does not help 'o mend his ways, and Mike's case bad a sad sldo to it.— from the 'QulTdr,'*for. AprIL 