A.T THE SHEAF OF WHEAT ? -♦? ? A Tale of the Rising of 1803. BY JAMES MURPHY, Author of 'The Forgo of Clohogue,' 'Hugh Roach, the Ribbonman,' &c.; [ALL BIGHTS 11E8BRVBD.] OjJArTBE XXVIII. Thus left alone, Dick reflected on the curious change in his life that had taken place during the past few days. But he had not long time to reflect, for presently 6teps were heard ascending the stairs, and four sailors came, carrying a trunk. It was braes bound and iron-bound, and appeared strong enough to stand a voyage round the world. ' Captain Lecointre deoired us to leave this here,' the men said. Dick, looking at it, knew at once that it was the one which Hoondah Rachel had spoken of to him. He stood for some time looking at it; but his thoughts were far from it ; they were with the past— with that night in Skip per's-alley, and the ball at Mount Jerome. Then, by a natural process, they reverted to Nellie Elliott and her brother Hurford. ' I wonder what fascination Hoondah exercised over Hurford ? He waB quite distracted about her. How did they part — or did he know of her leaving at all ? I should like to know all that happened after my coming. There must be a good deal behind all this that I do not understand. Poor Hoondah !— poor girl ! I wonder how she is ?' The influence of these somewhat depressing re flections were casting their shadow over Mb heart and rendering him low-spirited, when the cheery step of Lecointre was heard on the stair, and pre sently he burst into the room. ' Well, Dick, I did not let the grass grow under my feet since,' he said jovially — ' but, hallo ! Why, man, what's amiss? You look as if you had seen a ghost.' Dick told him of the train of thought he had been pursuing. ' Pooh, man, this way of thinking might suit a contemplative monk in a cell, but it is out of place in stirring times like these. Work— activity — and not reflection — is what is wanting nowadays. But a truce to remonstrance ! We start to-day for Rochelle, to sail thence for Ireland. We could not nail from Brest, for the English fleet which lifted the blockade a few days ago, is in the offing again. Probably they have heard of the Formidable affair But, at any rate, a wine-cask could not roll out now \- without receiving their fire. So Rochelle it is— and at once.' ?'Rochelle ! And how far is*tRochelle r' asked Dick, somewhat surprised. ' It is a good hundred miles. But the roads are sound, and I have engaged, by permission of Gene ral Saint Romme, a government caleche. which will take us straight there. We shall have relays of horses at the government posting-houses.' 11 And you start this evening ?' ' Certainly.' ' That is rather hurried — is it not ?' said Dick, somewhat disappointedly. ' Have you inquired for the young lady I told you about ?' ' Why, yes,' answered Lecointre, ' but I found that the few ladies on board the Formidable had been sent on to Paris.' *' Sent on to Paris !' said Dick, in surprise. ' Of course. There was not sufficient accommo dation here— ladies do not often become prisoners of war to the French— and no arrangements could he made for them. There can in Paris. Therefore, they were forwarded there.' ' But this young lady of whom I speak was very ill, and could hardly bear the journey.' '? Trust the French officers to see to that. Being ill, she was probably sent there to received prompt attention. She will receive better nursing and medical ministrations that she could in Brest.' ' I am sorry I did not see her,' said Dick ; *' she was bo very ill. She can hardly bear the travelling, not at all to speak of the shock of the cannonade on her nervous system. Poor girl ! I am greatly concerned for her, She was so young and bo beau tiful.' ' Well, never mind,' said Lecointre ; ' it cannot be helped now. But make up your mind that whatever can be done for her will be done. She will receive all care and attention at the hands of our people. Frenchmen are not likely to neglect lidieB or omit to pay them all due courtesy and kindness and attention, least of all when they are young and good-looking. So you may make your mind perfectly easy. What is the trunk for? What does it contain ?' ?'I don't know. She left it to me when she thought she was dying, with directions not to open it till I got to Ireland. I didn't know why.' 'It is a curious injunction,' said Lecointre, musing. ' It is just the very thing we want going into Ireland. It would hold much of what we want to bring with us.' . 'But she desired me solemnly not to open it until I reached Dublin,' persisted Dick. ' It was a last request.' ' Yob. but don't you perceive that that was when nho thought herself dying. Hhe is not in a dying condition now, or I Bhould have heard of it, so the rrquent lnpucs owinR to the changed conditions. I vnto wo opnn nnd use it. What do you think it ontainn. It seems very Btrong and heavy, What is in it ':' 11 Heaven knows — I don't,' Baid Dick. ' Rubbish probably. Clear it out, and then get ready and come to town with me. You need clothes— you cannot travel through La Belle France in the uniform of an English sailor without running the chance— even under the guardianship of Pierre Lecointre, Captain of Hussars — of being arrested and sent to the military prison at Verdun. At sea they may, and probably will, be viry useful. But a military uniform of the HuBsars deuxieme will be more to the purpose now. You must come to my tailors with me. Am I fussing you too much ? What about the trunk — v/ill you open it?' u If you give me time— I think I have the key,' said Dick, as he fumbled in his pockets. ' Hoondah gave it me. Yes, here it iB.' ' Open it, then, and quick, my dear fellow. Time is short and there is a good deal to be done.' Dick unlocked the trunk, but he perceived that each of the brass bands were locked, too. A smaller key on the ring was found to open these, and one by one Dick opened them, the patient and cynical Pierre looking on all the time. ' Oh, ciel ! It is fastened as solidly as if it held the crown jewels of France— wherever they are. Nothing but the diamonds of an Indian raj ah, Dick, ought to be so carefully protected— but, heavens and earth ! What are these !' The exclamation came in a sudden burst of sur prise from Pierre. Whilst he was talking thus half hurriedly, half- nonchalantly, Dick Ronayne had thrown up the cover of the trunk. And what a sight was there ! No wonder Pierre made the exclama tion! Layers upon layers of wadding and wool were heapei upon one another ; and, wondering what meant, he lifted them out on the carpet, until finally he lifted a red silk cushion and a necklace of dia monds disclosed itself, so beautiful, so rare, so' astonishing, that they drew from the onlooker this exclamation of surprise. 'Well— by the shining stars !' was all Dick could say as he looked at the contents, which flashed their rays all around. ' What in the world can all this mean.^Dick ?' said Pierre, after a long pause, in which both looked at the treasure and then at one another. ' Why, this is enough for a queen's ransom ! Where could a young girl have gotten these ? The daughter of Arungzabe, the great Mogul conqueror, or the princes of Scindia might have them, but ? ' He did not finish the sentence, for Dick carefully removed the glittering jewels and laid them on the cushion on the floor. Then he removed other layers and came on other treasures lying hidden and v. rapped up with the same care. Opals, pearls, rubies— all worked into bracelets, or necklaces, or diadems , and then finally he came on the shamrock of diamonds which Hoondah had worn at the ball at Mount Jerome, and which had attracted so much attention. ' Am I dreaming ?' Lecointre asked at last, ' or are all these real which I see before me ? Why the Arabian Nights never had anything in their pages to match this? Can you explain it— or is it a dream ?' ' I can — I can, I . think, explain it,' said Dick, rising breathlessly from his kneeling position. 'Lock that door, Pierre.' Pierre did so. 'Well?' said he returning, 'what does it all mean?' ' I see it all now, Pierre — unhappily, I see it all now,1' He rubbed off the big drops of perspiration which exuded from his face in his intense surprise and ex citement. ' Well, what is it'?' asked Pierre. ' How do you account for this priceless find— for priceless they look and are — in this trunk she bequeathed you? How does it arise ? How——' ' Pierre,' said Dick breaking in, in a low voice, on his queries; 'do you remember the coming of the Utrechter to Dublin?' 'I should think I do. But what has that to do with—' ' And you remember a case being consigned to our house— Holmes and Co. — for storage in our strong-room?' 'I certainly remember a case,' said Pierre, ' about whose safety and storage on the Utrechter great fuss was made at Homburg. But, again, what has that to do with these ? Why these would buy the Utrechter a thousand times over and all shipping in Hamburg Harbour as well.' '? That case, Pierre, was from the Prince de Grammont and Forestiere of Paris, through Van Dienne and Cie of Homburg. It contained these jewels and others. I know them well. I was at the checking of the inventory, I saw them placed in our strong-room.' 'And what in the name of all that's wonderful brought them here ?' ' That is what I do not know,' said Dick, who was lost in a maze of perplexity and trouble ?'There has been something wrong going on in Dub lin. TheBe have been stolen out of my uncle's bank. They could leave it no other way !' 11 Well, it Bhows the wonderful irony of fate when they have fallen into our hands again. And now, Dick, I see you are a little too distracted and per plexed for prudent thinking this moment. I shall think for you. Replace these jewels as they were. Lock up this trunk as it was. Leave it her«? ex actly as it was left. Treat it as a matter of no moment. For remember, if anyone in France got word of this, the First Consul would have it confis oated to State purposes at once without doubt or question.' 'What shall -we do with it then?' asked Dick, whose head was in a complete whirl with forebod ings of some grievous trouble and misfortune in Dublin which he could not dispel. 11 Leave it just as it is. Don't pretend to attach the least importance to it, just as you do on ship board. Come with me and get suited in proper clothes. I shall get another trunk, may be, in Borne of the marine stores on the quays that will suit our other needs and carry the things we want. It is not of an unusual kind for all it is so cun ningly locked. Come along. Wd have no time to lose. And— our lives, and the business we are engaged od, are worth all the diamonds in Golconda, even yet.' Dick relaid the jewels and the padding and wools over them. Then relocked the trunk as before, re locked all those in the brass bands, and left it, as his friend directed, on the floor where the sailors had put it. Then went out into the city with Lecointre; That evening a caleche drawn by four spanking horses, with the tricolour of the Republic emblazoned on its panels, to show that it was oh State service, and that all Government officials were to speed it onwards wherever they could, passed out through the southern gates of the for tress of Brest. It contained two gentlemen, and in the boot under the driver was a large brass bound trunk, and in the rumble under the footman was another. The two gentlemen were in military uniform, were apparently of distinction. The brass-bound trunk under the driver's seat, and well under the the observation of the travellers, was the one that was conveyed from the captured yacht to the For midable. 'Now, lads,' said Pierre, ' get ahead. The next station is Affranche. It is forty miles. We shall stay there to-night. We shall change at Geronne, midway. Go as fast as you can. France and the First Consul require it.' With this injunction in their ears the drivers gave the whip to their horses, the four thoroughbreds leant to their work and the caleche flew tapidly along the great broad road. Splendid elms bordered the thoroughfare on either side, making it look in the distance like a giant approach to some gentleman's mansion, and giving occasionally views of the sea as they swept along. 'I should not care to see Monsieur the English Admiral with any of his ships along here,' said Pierre. ' There i3 a prize within their reach they little dream of— if there are.' . ' I don't see any vessels along the coast ; but even if there were they would not venture to land on French soil,' suggested Dick. ' ' Upon my word I would not be surprised at any thing they would or would not do. These English men will dare anything. They are on sea what the French are on land.' (To be continued.) 