KENKEL NOTES. BY ECLIPSE. . Tlie appointment of tlie Earl of Ilope- toun, says the "Stock Keeper," to be the first Governor-General of Australia lias been applauded on both sides of tlie world, as .his Lordship as no less known and popu lar ill the newly formed Australian Com monwealth as lie is in tlie old country. Amongst doggy folks there is, however, one section, namely, the prosperous Beagle Club, whose members find no doubt regret mingle with tlieir feeling of pride at the great honor which lias been conferred on their president, because in that capacity the 'noble Earl was not satisfied with giving the club only the prestige of his name, but lie took the greatest personal interest in all that concerned the welfare of the Beagle Cfub, and often at great inconvenience lie came to town to take the chair at the gene ral meetings. Anylvow, his Lordship is sq enthusiastically fond of his pack of little Beagles that we feel sure lie will do much to advance the popularity of the breed amongst sportsmen and women in Austra lia. At the same time, it is hoped he will continue his connection with the Beagle Club as one o'f hhe links which bind h:m 'to his many 'friends in the English kennel world. The question as to whether a dog that had won in a team class is eligible for a novice class, which was brought before tlie notice of tlie Kennel Club of New South Wales some time ago by Mr. II. E. Lord, in connection witli one of his pointers, haa now been finally settled. Tlie English Ken- Ticl Cluib, says Mr. Freeman Lloyd, to whtci/i the New South Wales .Kennel 'Ciuib is affiliated, tvas a'n- found that1 H the,li:!:t that it has been nft.L v teeontentioii of the secretary of the. Club was right. . The noint h id foriK a ,een anticipated jn this column, WhieF 1,V, -?yS he-ld th?fc a win in a teara -Ufiicfi must consist of three or mnrp— . -wldelrtV c?nstitute an individual success nf The d- wffi toiro'i'i, P\rai? <>f fte N-S.iv.KC" nil i i - le -Australian terrier1 Mr A Ihn A Bereaids"M,.ard Mr. ltamsa£ St" L%d, eolfi/s- Mr,rHRiie and 1. F position in the trio' Pson wrll take the eators jnfitead of \fp 1? re-'hElnd adjudi- fers KStS g- Cbombes, wfio pre- will have for eollea'mis (r? eentleman Mr. . J. H. B Marttirt 'Pi J' ?ir nnd Classes- bpen'only to memiicr'nf ioui: coursing clubs of , recoKmsed while -there is a fifrii f!i?. ii A"stralasfa, =p.ftbi.nS b, jss. fa gro3s?nronecCVofrtIUarailt,ine is an a" had aflready been 00 nt&S; Fj,s -ifr verY serious matter. In New eSMS ffiUydnej" wiFfhold5 'lK S bei"s formed which AnJ b>e exhibitions for .tlie benefit of ?10re vaties. In tin's wa/are<Ul breeds improved, and, 'further, a hftUbW stimulus is given. It is really a phyT vheX Inir n.a -i ,s ??in3 so a'heaU in dog breed- wp'in -H.n i ® '"ghost iiatronage, that jL ;n ;0I0"!?S..f'hould . ,lot be up to of a six months1' qimrantine:,lf as betore written the time occupied by he us3 tramp from the British Isles. Those aha would import and import Jargely at irreat ?SP«FSeiare Ced ??ltb the hnS of ,f p?r- ulece."'tl0n tlla% scientists hold to bo efii' ,vd' ibe, Peihaps granted that some of the greatest canine pathologists mav If?"' ,i,nl Niigland.. The folio-wing extract f roan thecurren-t Field", 'to hand -might bear "rk- -1s0.0 d,eaI 'Nafc iia-5 been writ-ten.- — The International Kennel Club, of which the Prince of Wales is patron, is moving very energetically.. for -the suspension of quarantine regulations, under certain condi tions am restrictions, affecting exhibition dogs, and to that end Mr. H. D. Greene, Q.G., and. Mil. for Shrewsbury, introduced a deputation to the Board -of Agriculture re cently. The subject matter of -the deputa- tion qvas (blie relaxation o'f qua ivin- regulations in regard to doss coming from Ireland, America aud bhe Con tinent for exlnbifcion purposes. Certain «ug- gestions were made toy the International Kennel CI lib, to which -Mr. Long pronused to give bis -favorable consideration, and lie further complimented the International ivennei 'Glu'b on the great care and foresight shown m drawing up its suggestions, and 011 Wringing so practical a scheme before him for consideration. Air. Long concluded -b" say mg that he was aware that a certain amount of hardship had been put upon dog owners, as he inieiv 'how important it was in cerba'in breeds to get fresh blood from abroad for 'breeding purposes, and before shutting the door against dogs coming from abroad he was willing to consider every pro posal, but wished, at the same time, 'to point out that the board had to be very careful that they ran no 'risk of the rein.-' traduction of rabies." The ninth annual show of tlie Auckland Kennel Club will be held on Friday and eaturday, 31st August ami 1st September. It as under the patronage of the Governor of New Zealand, (Lord Ranfurly, and the list of oificers.is representative. Entries close to day to aiiriR.J; 'Parry, "Parry, Aaieklarvd," being a sufficient cable address. There are 151 classes, the . sections including .the usual ones for mastiffs, Newfoundlands, St. Ber nards, greyhounds; deerhounds, retrievers, pointers, setters, collies (16), spaniels, bull dogs, -.bull terriers, ' Airedales, fox terriers (8), Irih terriers, skyes, Scottish, rough coated-terriers. (Australians), hlaek and tan terriers,; o'ver 7 4b. and under 7 lb.; tov ter riers,'' Italian greyhounds, poodles, pug's, va riety and 'teams. Mr. F. Freeman Lloyd, the -judge.for all classes, will for the first time make awards in New Zealand. 