5 per " j THE WOES OF A DRAMATIST. I (By Clement Scott.) Life behind the scenes of any theatre in the daytime is the most depressing in existence. You come out of the daylight and are compelled to grope about vault like passages like a deluded bat There is no one to help or guide you, or to tell you how many steps you must ascend or descend before you arrive on the ghostly and ghastly stage, dimly illuminated with what they call a "T" light. If you do not sprain an ankle you are pretty certain to tumble over a pail of water left by a care- less charwoman in order to break your shins. in the darkened corners of the gloomy stage some of the first arrivals minor members of the company-arc al loady whispering mysteriously, with their heads close together. It may be about the plant is more probably about them 1 served, their gi iovonceB, and their more I frivolous engagements. You enter the room appointed for the "leading with your best "property" I finale on tom countenance, prepared to be hail fellow, well met" with everybody concerned You expect courtesy, sympathy, geniality. Not a bit of it There is an implied grievance in advance of you. . It is your fault, it is for ) our convenience, I to air your t suit, that those actors and actresses have left their happy homes and trudged to town this damp and foggy morning. A new play means more work, incessant study, flesh rehearsals. Nobody wants one or the other. And you, the author friend, have done all this for your own per sons! self-aggrandisement. A sulkies, more woe-begone or more depressing audience never took the heart out of a man's body. A seat is appointed for you, and a glass of water. For goodness' sake, don't touch it. I distrust water conjured from behind the stage by a call) boy in an unarmed playhouse. A glance round shows distrust and apprehension on et or single face. They are one and all prepared to be alighted or disappoint- ed 01 injured in some way or other. The very worst offender is the principal low comedian, for whom you have prepared our wittiest lines. If he were a mute at a funeral he could not more effectually deaden the depressing scene to the point of despair. Before the reading begins the actor manager, particularly if he has a good part in store for him, implores the company to preserve strict secrecy on the subject of the author's plot. If anything leaks out there is imminent danger of the play being " pirated abroad, and if the newspapers get hold of the story all interest will be discounted. The manager might just as well talk to the walls. All are bound to secrecy, and a few days afterwards a mysterious paragraph appears, giving the whole show away, probably inspired by the actor-manager himself as a mild bribe for favours subsequently to come. In fact, such is the danger of communication between the stage and the active paragraphs that the author is unable to give each member of the cast a printed copy of his work from which to study, and by which alone be or she can understand the material bearing of the characters, one toward the other, and the quid pro quo is nowadays so fit only established between actors, actresses, and journalists that many authors refuse to read their play at all. The artists have to study from "cures," and to pick up the story by fits and starts at rehearsals. In fact, I have known cases where, on the first production, those entrusted with leading parts did not now any more of what the play was about than the man in the moon. As you read and read on the attention partially stimulated at the out- set sinks to zero. Each scene cannot me ten ally affect everybody. You soon see that nobody takes the faintest interest in what does not concern the individual artist. I remember on one occasion, when I had written what I thought was a very funny paid for a very popular low comedian, and was reading it at him all the time, that he got up after his tery beat scene and said on going out of the room, "Kindly send for me, old fellow, when you come to any part." These are among the amenities of stage life. As the interest wanes, your voice gets fainter and fainter and becomes monotonous and hollow as a ghost's. Nobody is looking at you or paying the slightest attention to what you are saying. They are all staring up at the ceiling or out of the window At last, with the cold beads of perspiration on your brow, you close the book and mop ) our forehead with a sickly smile upon your countenance. The first thing that the leading lady does is to come up to you with a forced gun upon her lace and to deposit at your side the t> ped-out copy of the part you intended for her, bound in brown paper "I don't suppose that you want me to pray that failure," She gags, with an air of offended dignity. "Why, dear Mr. Scott, jun must be jok- ing. I have a certain position in this theatre." And so they all Black away like discontented ghosts and leave you alone in your misery. You grope your way home through the dark passages into the streets and (if to drown your carking care at the club 