ENTERTAINMENTS. THE BROUGH RETURN SEASON. "THE TYRANNY OF TEARS." To-morrow (Friday) evening, the Brcugh Comedy Company will inaugu rate their return season of eight nights at the Theatre Royal, with a perform ance of Mr. Haddon Chambers's play, "The Tyranny of Tears.' The plot deals with the domestio trou bles of Clement Parbury, a popular nove list, who is distracted and held in bon dage by his wife's constant resort to tears to secure her own ends. Parbury welcomes the appearance of his friend of the bachelor days, George Gunning, just to relieve the tedium of so disagree able an existence. The recounting of the old bachelor days, the chat about old chums, and the glee with which the nove list, hails the proposal to go yachting for a few days. are only equalled by the dis gust engendered by the ever ready foun tain of tears which always threw a wet blanket on a proposal in which the tear-+ ful spouse is to have no shale. The em ployment of the lady secretary, combin ed with the spirit of rebellion in Mr. Parbury, eventually put an end to the tyrann'. Miss Woodward, the secretary and the thirteenth daughter of the pro verbially poor narson, admires her em ployer for his strength, and, as she after wards explains, gives his photo a mater nal kiss. Mrs. Parbury sees the act, and, although she cannot tell her husband the truth-and for that matter neither can Miss Woodward-she insists on the sec retary leavin" by the first train. This is the last straw, and Mr. Parbury, al ready coached into rebellion by Mr. Gun ning, declines to allow his amanuensis to go without good reason. Mrs. Parbury, tearful, as usual, but unavailing, says if the girl does not go she will leave the house. Mr. Parbury is adamant, hoping his wife will give in. She is also deter mined, being- bouyed up by similar trust. Both are disappointed. Mrs. Parbury woes with her father, now a widower with bachelor longings and appointments with ladies masked as Masonic banouets. He pities Clement, for he has had some ex perience, but admits his daughter could give his late wife "a stone, and would romp home." Eventually the wedded pair are reconciled, Gunning and the sec retary solve the Gordian knot by being engaged. Just before all ends happily, Mr. Parburv reads his wife a lecture, which is well worth reproducing. He says :-"If we are honest with each other, we may be in time to save ourselves from that most pitiable and hideous of all states of ex istence--what is called a 'cat-and-dog life.' Have you never seen it-that do mestic flower with the rotten heart? The thin outside petals of courtesy of hollow words of endearment before others, mask the ugly truth from the casual and the unobservant: but the intimate friends know, and the urving eyes of the spite ful are undeceived. That man and wo man who appear in public wearing the veneered ghost of a smile are walking in hell. Think of their private lives-the slow death of love--the ever-growing rancour, the final dull monotony of ach ing hatred. Do you think such cases rare? Ever- rank of society has its ex amples. Do you think such a couple have deliberately sought their hell? Oh, no! The- may have started as fairly as we did. Their love has not been slain by a blow-it has been pecked to a cup board skeleton by littleness-little jeal ousies, little selfishnesses, little tyran nies, little intolerances." The box plans for the various perform ances are open at Nicholson's. QUEEN'S HALL, POPULAR ENTERTAINMENT. What was styled a "popular entertain ment for the people" was given in Queen's Hall on Monday night, and at tracted a large audience. The pro gramme consisted of "music song, and story," the last-mentioned being sup plied by Sister Elinor, of Melbourne, who is at present on a visit to Western Australia, and has been conducting mis sions at the various mining centres of the colony. Sister Elinor has travelled a great deal in the course of her career, and that she is a keen observer of human nature was manifested in her anecdotes of the various travelling companions she has encountered. It was sketches of these with which she amused the audience on Monday night. The chief feature of the musical portion of the entertainment was the re-appearance of the popular contralto, Miss Jule Layton, who has lately accompanied Sister Elinor in her mission work. Miss Layton re ceived a very gratifying reception. She was accorded encores for both of her songs, being the only soloiste so compli mented throughout the evening. and re ceived a lovely bouquet of flowers. The favourite ballad. "Doreen," was most ex pressively rendered by her, as was "The Old Countree'" (Pinsuti). These item.s were supplemented by a bright and humorous song, "Husbands," and "Home. Sweet Home." Mrs. Kerferd repeated former successes in "The Carnival" (Mol loy', and "Hush thee. my baby," (Pease), and Mr. E.- A. Polglase's tenor voice was heard at its best in Moir's "Best of All." He also contributed "Bid me to love" (Barnard). Miss MIarrie, in addi tion to filline t: e post of ncconpaniste, played a brilliant pianoforte solo, 'Cap rice." by E-chmnun. excellently. The vocal duet. "Iark to the mandolin" (Parker) was reeulered by Miss Page Smith and 3TiUs Jule Layton. with only moderate success. owing to the fact h:at the two voices neither blendel nor balanced, the contralto being ton full end deep. The number found sufPeient favour with the audience, however-, and a lenetition was insisted noon. A selection of the most popular airs from the opnra of "I1 Trova tore" was well played on the violin by Mr. F. Parsons. 2cennmnrnied at the piano by Miis F. Parsons. Vocal items were also contributed hr Mfis Page Smith. who sanyg lraoa's "La Sevrcnata" (with violin nhliatfo by Mr. F. Parnsns) and Tos!i's " Good-bye." and Mr. H. Mfer'r,;, 'k "The Gladiator" (kd.am) a.nd "The Be douin Love Song" (Pinsuti). FREMANTLE LYRIC CLUB. In the Fremantle Town Hall last night the Fremantle Lyric Club presented the opera of "Parience" for the third timin. Thero was again an e:dellent audience. The play went off extremely well. the performance undo'ubtedly being the best of the three. Miss Nella Hunting a Patience excelhl lherself, her sin-: ?-; and acting b.iig alike charming. d.1. F. Gait again admnirabl pourtra?ed Rle ginald Bunting. Indled, nothi-tng but praise can he conferred uponL the prin cipals, and, in fart, on -!l th'o . who took part. Mr. W. rI. Needham the coniuc tor, is to be heartily congratulated upon the manner in which lh had the choruses in hand, the blonding of the voices being excellent. A wJrd of orai'e is due to the stage managerce.s, Miss Label Reid, and to two hlard-werking officers of the club, nameily. the honorary secretary" (Mr. A. J. Lea Holt) and the honorary treasurer (M'r. E. H. Goughi. N.St Wednesday tue club w-ill give 'Pati ence" in aid of the Fremantle Hospital Aid movement. CREMORNE THEATRE. The programme filling the bill for the current week at Cremorne -_entre is equal to any previously submitted by the Jones-Lawrence Vaudev-ie Company. Features of the pro·'g:: nme are the duet and dance. "'Tie girl next d-or," by the Sisters Galardi, "ri. Arniold Jarris's feats of equilibrium Mr.r. "Dick" Shehi - herd's "Pfememher Majuba " ballad. Mr. Charl?ec Bryant's ventriloquial turn. and Miss Emmie Smith's song "Remember sma no more." the elarionet portion of the accnompaniment to which is narticu larly pleasing. To-night the program me will be repeated in the theatre. ln:o managleent aunro'nce "a surprise" for next Saturday night. 