THEATRICAL CONGRESS, D)uring the cottinuatitn of the Exhilt tion,congreo.sses ilntllnrbleae t to li helh in Paris, and rep?' 'ltatit'ivs of every Imaginable prtofession and trade will gather there to discuss their respectiva special subjects ndrllllt tlie ausptlles of the Great World's Fair. The probablll ties are thatf the mtajoity I HIoe a0 semblles will hardly aloaktn anlly very Ilvely uriosity outside the circles of siec ialists on each of the par:ijttlar topics diseollsod. At least ast on, htowever,. of the Paris Exhihoiti~un congrceosc will Ibe of equall Interest to almost everyb)ody. It will treat if plays awl playhouses, of actoos and o( acting, of theatrical qtues ti.na of every Mcl d, and its purceeodings will be followed, dtoubotless, by all theo world anld his wifte, for who nlowadtays tl. a n?n-playgoer''.' Ttl: cotngrt.es, which will lasot for four desay-, ofrom July 27 tIn Snmxt, is to be ita vry lustlinlessl:ke ttntt (lot ilet hnsivte atlairt, Th'h agedt na ill it stlfh isa itcomplete rtvittw of nmaatters thcatrical, the snbjcets on theo paper for dio'eusion inclutling tihatre-buitlding as rgnaus'tos desigtn anld tac'cottnodati n, the tql?tiotn ioif Iublie slfety ill thouses tof en trt.tltin nt, the lijhting of stage andt auditottiilt, stage ilia hitIry and scene shiftillng lrocesscs, t h llllestqion of sctino from tle lpurly artlistic s' ittlapont and ot cost inlg. alld in this collnetionl thie n teresting sutljet of tht, theory of staget setting tand tltsittts ats appliedo to tile dit fercnt styles and ttottt s in playaetlng; lastly, questions retatilg to the tprofes slonal inlterests of drat'nttilsts alld actors. ant likewise to the general interests of the publle. Thie htnontary cotnmittee aof whioh 1t. .lcygues. Mtinister of Public Itnstrluctiton atnd Ilie to Arts, and tt . tlttujOt. Chief Perrntlt.nt Official of the Government Itetlrtmtnt of Ftine Arts, have accepted tile chairntanships and vice - tresa.lency includes, among well-knottwn dramatlc autthors, 1o. Vletoriren Sardo.u, t. Ilenrtl LIavedan, B. Hlenri de Itotnlor: atongn composers, t. Jules 1ats -ntt, It., Erntst Iteyret, Mo. Theodorte ltuboli-; among theatre directors. M. Jules Clareti,, B0. Gaillard, of the Opera . 1, (itniuty, of the Odeon; Bo. Carr, of ie it petra toltiltue; and, almong others, ant illtltitonus set'ntifit eclteellity, . ?ilasart, thet nltthetmatieian. Tihe Actinlg Conmittet is Itlt' l Id?l over by lt. Adolphe Aderrr, tt ttell-knotown dra nmatie critte and iplaytt right and Inttetle.'t altnittg its tt-mlirs th1tte most qtualited re present ative in v\\.riou bral nchest of tha:ltr'ial prolt-tsai on, flro·nt dirtectot?. stage Iilnia gers, critics, .actors, tlnt s tcene painters, as well as c(tup.sees and play light o, costttisiors, Wtintlakters, scene shifters, and engilleert . Fotlr sub-conl tinottees have bee-tn fiorttmed. Tw'o of these will devote their ent-rgies to tihe questionst of thteatre bumllin; and lightiun ant Ilta cthttery retoctivelyt \I. t'or .I, dlirector of thl lVaudeville, and a1I, Atlbert Jralln bert, the elder. the well-known nmember of the Odeon company, will direct the labors of the other two sulb- conntltttees on the subjects of costuming all a tage-setting on the totl hand, and, on thte other, in all ilatters relating to tlih sptccial business and interests of "the tl'loftoittoe?ln," popu larly so-calltd. A cortrespondont of tih: ".tl'ot ning Post." writing from South Afrliat, says:--"Every man In the way of tire has his own likes and dislikes. Some tn,,t aRlnays bob to a bullet; others catch their breath at a shell; others dread the Ipatter of a Maxim. It Is not a question of t:utidity or of dead liness, bout of personal tantlititthy. In fantry fire is, bey.onit all tquestton, most fatal, but many pay le'ss hedi to the w\hispered whistle Iof the bull-t than to any other tof tlh:. lying ormtns of death. There is a birdt out hea, a little brown hird like ta hbraantbltt.., with a note that exactly lmimtcs the lIauser, and nan n comfortable habit tof fluting it In tgly tplaces. 'Teo ,Lee-tMetford's note Is nearly it tbnird louer, and the ?lartint bas the St?aI burs of t ltadetn Ire. Be tween atu three thetre can tie t?. mtis taking, boat the lt0ers have tour or five other Titles harder to reeogntenl . The ?laus.cer a n?ot melodious periol is 1100 ya;ts; point bt!anct it is tnothilng but aI rO?y ntasal sneer, but one Inay be a poor 'Ltde nof melody at elo? e quarters. A lat-nosed or 'dutm-duntbted' Mauser pro hably makles a srolud which one attrl butes to .lote lunknown rifle, but the qlueerest note of all comes from . Mnauser splnning the wronlg way after a rlchocet. It Is like the coughing of a sick ghost-indescribably curdling. The worst and best of bullet music Is that one always hears it behind one." Before sowing Broad Beans and Peas, moisten them well with paraffin. This gives them a strong acent, tand micO lbtu ally keep clear of the, . 