Patriotic Entertainment at Mario. (From & correspondent.) February 27. A most oojoynblo evening was spout at Jlarlo on Monday at a somewhat novol entertainment carried out undor tho direction of Miss Daphne Cndwnllader for the benefit of the Bushmen's Corps Fnnd. Tho dining-rooin of Jfurlo Honsa, kindly lent by Mrs Cameron, wns fitted np with a stago whore tableaux vivunts wero performed by Misses D. and A. Cadwidiador, Eves, A. Ross and Clara Towner, and Messrs Cadwallnder nnd Jorgeneen, The tableaux woro vory interesting and the performers showed great aptitude. Tlio first scene of the tableau "Caught," depicted Jlr. Jorgonsen and Jliss Eves esconced in 11 quiet corner aa lovers, whilst nbove thorn wore Jliss D. Cadwallnder and Miss A. Ross silently, enjoying a lesson in tho art of making luvu. The second scene showed that the consent of tho young lady's fatlior hud not buun obtained, as lie was forcibly ejecting the young man witli his " number niuos," Tbo ease with which Jlr. Cadwallntlor acted tlio rolo of tho father showed he had attempted it before. Tho other tableaux woro creditably performed, and thoso who took part in them aro to bo highly complimented. A laughable ghostly farce wns onactod by Jiisses Cadwallnder, Towner and Ross (ghost), and Jlr. Jorgenson, after which the ghost handed round tho tamborino, when £4 wus collected to wards the fund. l'iutio solos wore rendered by Jliss Harding, and songs by Jlr. and Mrs Tat'buck, Jlessrs Cndwnllndor, Maun ders and Bruce. A skirt danus by Jliss D. Cadwallnder elicited great nppluuso, Jliss Avcuol Cadwallnder sung tlio comie song, " Good Old Uncle Charlie," aud Mr. Cndwnllndor sang a character song in good stylo. The programme consisted of the following itoms ; — Piano solo, Miss Harding; song, "Sons of the sou," Jlr. Cadwnlladur; recitation, Miss I). Cttdwalladur; tnblouu, " Keou's JIus- tard song, " Tho tbroo cuvcd Sham rock," Jlrs Brtico ; piano solo, Jliss Harding; Bong, "Tho Musketeer," Jlr. Saunders; tableau, " Caught Luogliablc and ghostly farco ; piano solo, Miss Harding; song, "Tho Romany Lass," Jlr. Tnrbuok ; dnor, "Tho Gipsy Coitntoss," Jlr. Tnrbuok and Jlr. Ciiilwallatlor ; skirt danoo, Miss D. Cadwalladur ; song, " Dream Fanes," Jlr Tnrbuck ; tableau, "Pyg- uitilin and Gnlutau couiic song, Jliss A. Cndwalludor ; tableau, "Wboro nro you going my pretty maid chnrnotor song, Mr. Cndwnllndor ; tableau, " Fuith, IIopo and Charity " Rttlo Britannia." After the concert tho room wns cleared, nnd nil joined in tripping tho light fantastic, which closed a vory 'pleasant evening's enjoyment. 