jA Town With a History ] WINDSOR. (CONTINUED FROM LAST ISSUE;) Windsor, too* has its ghost (it should Save many', if old yarns be true; but they are of a retiring disposition, and do not ?worry people), a real, bona- fide apparition, and it has been sworn to, and no doubt sworn at, by many persons who have walk ? ed tho Windsor-road, between Magratli's Hill an-l Fitzre.y Bridge, after or about midnight. Tha writer was once coming into Windsor from a dance at Magratli's Hill in company with two young ladies, when, approaching the ol'd hut near the Fitzroy Bridge, one of them exclaimed: 'There's the ghost !' I was then young in the district, and na turally asked, 'What ghost ?' It was explained to me that a ghost was supposed to walk in that locality every night, and $iad been seen by hundreds of persons, some oi whom declared the night ly visitant to be of the feminine gender, others that it was masculine, while not a few insisted that it was a monstrosity — 'something between a calf and a man.' At any rate, the ghost we saw on bhis particu lar night was all calf, and it is easy to be lieve that the calf ghost is the one gene rally seen. However, I never saw any other, and I have on many occasions wallt : ed the road at 'tha hour when perturbed spirits are said to mysteriously glide about iii localities where they were 'done to death.' Notwithstanding my scepticism, tho Sou'th Creek ghost had many cham pions, who seriously believe that the ghost of a woman dees walk nightly beneath the willows growing alongside the road as one jiears the bridge—the basis of this appari tion being the alleged murder of his wife by an old soldier, who at the time of the murder was an overseer of convicts. The ?clfe was murdered to be out of the way of a paramour, whom he feared, and then bv -tho riwiflside. near his residence. which has long since disappeared, and the willows now mark the spot where the woman's body was found. The whole story would be too long for this article, but may be told some other time. Ghosts in Windsor ! No wonder, when we consider the huge consumption of liquor there has been in past years. 1 1 is imma terial whether good rum or Cad ell's treble X.; taken in any quantity, either is like'.y to conjure up spirits 'from the vasty deeps' of an unknown world. There has teen a great controversy in the town as to the number of public houses in Windsor at one time. Some say there nave been 42, others 40, another 38. Not mu-ch difference, anyhow, and though but few of theae houses are open now, one cannot but notice : the 'has be ens' as one peregrinates the j tora, for they stick up at every corner as ; pAiia as if they were in full fig as licensed j houses. And famous old houses they were, loo, and the names of the licensees were also famous in a way, for thev were great sports — horse-racers, pugilists, cock fighters, rat-fighters, dog-fighters, pigeon shooters, and 'what not. Asked if there was much drinking in those days, an old iden tity evasively remarked: 'Well, the places were well conducted, and were closely looked after by the constables, who were more numerous than the pubs; in fact, the soldiers and ticket-of-leave men hadn't the money to spend.' That may be, but 'there is thai fine old pile of buildings — Cad-ell's Brewery — in evidence to show that beer was made in large quantity, and it is only reasonable to suppose that it would not have been brewed had there l-een no saie for it. In its time the brewery must have teen a busy place, judging by the size of it and the number of stalls in tne long row of stables. It is said 'that Cad-el-l's beer was very good tipple — so good that metropolitan brewers were reduced to trickery to stem the torrent of the supply. It was managed this way: A paid agent would invite a locai man into a pub and ask for beer. When it was drawn he would taste it, make a wry face, and ask -whose brew it was ? 'Oa- dells,' would be the reply, upon which the fellow would put down his pot and lug his companion out 'to get a drop of good beer somewhere else.' It seems the trick an swered, for the local brewery had to 'shut down.' It may be only a yam, but that is the way the writer heard it. There is no comparison between Windsor and Richmond as towns, for the latter is far and a-way the prettiest. It is a verita ble gem of a town, but its surroundings are not worth looking at — a dreary common on one hand, and a wide sweep of by no means picturesque ''bottoms' on the other. Then it is two miles or more to the river, and the town is as flat as a pancake, whereas ?Windsor's irregularities have charm in them. Then all the historical interest at taches to Windsor, for it -was the district headquarters of 'both the military 'and the civil officers of the Government. The Ridges, Coxes, Crosses, Primroses, Free mans, Fitzgeralds, Hales, Bakers, Dargins, M'Courts, Branckers, Searvells, M'Quades, Blan-chards, Ascoughs, Coffeys, Crowleys, Howes, -Rabies, Delanders, Uptons, Hop kins, and Oo3peTs were all old names in Windsor, and many of them are there to day. The famous Police Magistrate, the late Samuel North, Esq., a retired military offi cer, was stationed in Windsor for many years, and -when he was removed — owing to some political wrangle — no other was ap pointed until Mr. Becke 'held the position. And, even In later years, the soldiers were a fixture in'the town, and the gallant 30th (Staffordshire) under Colonel Barker, used to assist the farmers in getting in their crops. Political feeling in Windsor has always run high, and feuds between the Bowmans and Fitzgeralds 'were like unto those, of the Montagues and Oapulets. Mos-' of our leading politicians o? the past have been identified in some way with Windsor, which was the chief polling place for the Cumber land boroughs. Cook and Northumberland, and subsequently the Hawkesbury .and the Electorate of Windsor (which included Richmond). Thus the district has been re presented by William Bowman, John Paton, James Martin, W. B. Dalley (who was the first member for Windsor borough, W. Walker being the next), J. B. D-arvall, W. R. Piddington, J. A. Cunneen (who became Postmaster-General), A. Dight, Richard Driver, H. M'Quade, and A. Bowman, and since then Messrs. Burdekin and Morgan. The Hawkesbury has had four Ministers to represent some portion of it — Piddington, Cunneen, Egan, and Driver — Egan and Cunneen being natives of Windsor, and Driver (Dickey) member for Windsor borough. Windsor has been incorporated, since 1858, the first Councillors being Messrs. Robert Dick (Mayor), J. M. M'Quade, W. J. Crew, W. Gosper, R. Ridge, John Johnson, W. Beard, William Walker, and. Thomas Prim rose. The latter is still a member of the Council* and has sat continuously since 185S. Mr-. Primrose is presumably a de scendant of Lieutenant Primrose, of the N.S. Wales Corps, and possibly a relative of Lord Rose'bery. At any rate, when the Earl was on a visit to the district some years ago, the Windsor Primrose and the English (or is he Soobch ?) Primrose were very chummy. The ancient town has everything in its favor physically, hut somehow its progress is backward, notwithstanding the excel lence of its local newspaper, which is con sidered the best country newspaper in the colony. Like other places, Windsor has grown rusty, and an infusion erf new blood and new ideas would act as a magician's wand. It has often 'been suggested that another 'G7 flood, backed up by an extra ordinary tidal wave, would do heaps of good to Windsor. No doubt it would make some change, for a rise of another ten feet would nave left no standing room, and Windsor would have been non est. This is a cruel suggestion, but when, it comes from the people themselves, who can dispute with them, for surely they know what is good for them ? There is a good deal of prating about the 'good old days' amongst old identities; but from all one hears of said 'good old days' — of the vice, brutality, and cruelty that was common amongst all sec tions of society, one may fervently pray: ?'From a repetition of the military period good Lord deliver us !' No dou'bt certain : men made money oasily — there were splen I did opportunities for doing so; but when we ' know how people lived, those of the present ! generation may bless their stars that they j were not Worn in the 'good old days,' when I their grandmothers would, for the sake of i selling a few gallons of rum, jump -upon a i table and dance a sort of ancient can-can for j the delectation of a gang of ticket-of-leave men, soldiers, and convict servants. Thait was one of the ways of making money in j the 'good old days,' others not to be men ! tioned, though a people's amusements are ! faithful indicators of their morals. Enough, and I may say with truth: 'Wind- sor, with all thy faults (or, rather, the faults of man), I love thee still,' and ex claim, with the aforesaid local poet: Farewell, ye grassy banks and fertile plains, Ye beauteous spots where dwell the rustic swains; Farewell, I go, though with reluctant mind; For travel whence I may, thy like I ne'er shall find. —G.C.J. A slight printer's error crept into the first por tion of this article. Jtrs. Bush ell has left the Royal, of which Mr. Bloome is now landlord, and the bridge referred to is not unfinished, but com pleted. ~ w mil/ * / v jjuas OLD GOVERNflEiNT HOUSE, WINDSOR. 