WAS IT A SPIRIT ? Fbaitk Leslie's " Popular Monthly," ITJ.S.) The late State Senator "Walters, of Virginia, while far from being a super* stitious man, was heard on more than one occasion to say that he could not altogether disbelieve in ghosts. He made no profession of faith in spectral appari tions, but, according to his own account, was withheld from denial of them by the recollection of a single yery strange occurrence. One afternoon, in ' the autumn of 1884, he was looking for deer in a lonely valley within ten miles of the town of Pinokney, Virginia, when he struck iuto a narrow road much overgrown with weeds and evi dently unused for a long time. After a bit he came to a houBe which likewise showed signs of disrepair, having been deprived even of its windows and doors— probably because those useful articles had been deemed by somebody worth carry ing away. On this account the dwelling had a singularly blank and unhomelike appearance, and the Senator was rather snrprised to see a man standing on the dilapidated porch in front. The man had his hands in bis pockets, and woro a pair of blue-jeans overalls, a check shirt, and no hat. His hair was red. All of these points wero distinctly noted by the Sena tor, who paused and shouted a cheerful salutation. No reply being elicited, ho shouted again; but the person on the porch appeared to tike not the slightest notice. It seemed very rude, but tho Senator was anxious to get a bit of information as to game,'and so he apDrouched tho house through a gap in the miserable feDCe, the gate of which was absent. As he came near, however, the man in the check shirt and blua-jeaus turned and wnlked slowly into the de serted dwelling, disappearing from view. " Hello ! " cried the Senator on mount ing the porch and arriving at the door* way; but there was no response. He began to he indignant, and presently made up his mind to enter and hunt up the man in the blue-jeans. This, indeed, seemed easy enough; but, to his great surprise, nobody was to be found; the house was absolutely empty. Ho searched it inside and out, but the man was gone. There was no cellar, and, the dwelling having only four, rooms, complete inspection wus not difficult. I Nevertheless, it was fruitless, and at | length the Senator gave it up. Shoulder ing his gun, he struggled back to the wretched road through the tall weeds that grew where once had been a vege table garden ; but before goiug cm he glanced back, and there again on the porch was the red headed man in the check shirt. This was too much. " I say! " cried the Senator. " What do you meau by running away when a gentleman wants to speak with you P " The mau made reply. He still kept his hands in his | pockets, and seemed to be looking iu another direction. Naturally, this made Senator Walters very angry. He walked again toward the house, which was only about thirty-five yards distant, and again the person in the blue-jeans turned in a leisurely way and disappeared into the ruined dwelling. Once more the visitor entered, looked everywhere, and found nobody. Though reluctant to abandon the search, he gave it up finally, returning to the road. Then, as he looked back, he saw the man again on the porch, iu the same attitude as before. By this time tho Senator was hot with rage. " Hello 1 " he shouted again. If you don't answer me within ten seconds I'll put a dose of buck shot into you!" Still the man paid attention, and, having counted tho ten seconds, the Senator slowly raised his gun to his shoulder and fired. He was a first-rate shot, and was certain he could not have missed; yet the man stood there just as before, motionless, not even turning his head. As may be imagined, the Senator was thunderstruck. Hastily leaving the road, he once more approached the house ; and as he did so the man in the overalls turned in the same leisurely manner as before and dis appeared within the dwelling. There was I a considerable space of clearing all around | the deserted residence, and no oppor tunity whatever was afforded for hidiup hence the amazement of Mr Walters I wheu, for the third time, he searched | the premises and discovered nobody. Extremely puzzled, and at the same time very angry, he at last resumed his journey. But, as before, ho glanced back, and there was the person in the cheek shirt standing on the porch, with his hands in his pockets nud looking if nothing had occurred. At this stage of the proceedings, said the Senator in telling the story, he became frightened. It seemed obvious to him that something very much out of the common was at work. He made no further attempt at investigation on the spot; but when he got home he set on foot on inquiry into the history of the deserted house, and learned that its former occupant and owner had been a man named Johnston, who wasinurderedin coldbloodby a friend with whom he had a dispute. 