SKKTOIIWtt HAUNTED CHURCHES. Wo who livo at the close of this nine teenth century oan hardly think it possible that th6 Btr-inge stories of ghost-haunted oburobeB were once firmly believed. Happily for the peace of the regnlar churchgoer there are but few churches iu drpiit Britain which havo the reputation of being the home of spirits, and even those that are haunted do not appear to Buffer materially by reason of their being bo as sociated. The beautiful Devonshire ohuroli of Ottery Bt Mary (whioh may be said to be Bxetw Cathedral in miniature— so muoh doea It resemble it) contains, inter alia, several monuments. One is arected to the memory of John Coke, of Thome, who died in 1632, and represents en armed soldier habited in half - armour, with trunk hose and Jack boots. His left band grasps the hilt of his sword, Whilst his right holds a baton. It is believed he was murdered for ruer oenary motives by a younger brother. We are told that because of the injustice done him, his spirit oannot reet, and his statne therefore steps down from its niche at sight and stalks through the silent ohuroh. Adjacent to the ohuroh at Tamerton Foliott is the old Ooplestooe Osk, beneath whoBe branches a member of the Coplestone family was murdered a number of years ago. Small wonder, then that it is eaid his reBtlena spirit haunts tha quiet ohurohyard— ? apparently seeking oomfort in reading the tombstones of those who were privileged to die in the ordinary course of events. Perhaps the best known of these haunted buildings in Scotland is the 'Auld AHoway Kirk' of Ayr. Tradition Bays that a farmer on his way home from Ayr one market night saw the place was lighted np, and on look ing in at the window he beheld the Devil, with a number of old women dancing around him, One he reoognised and shouted, * Weel, juppan Maggie, wi the short Bark 1' Eesenting this interruption, the Evil One and his companions gave chase to the frightened farmer, who made all haste for the bridge of Doon, and oroised the stream by the merest ohance. in time to escape capture by the Devil. Burns perpetuates the legend in his famous ' Tarn o' Shanter.' His Satanic Majesty is again responsible zor 1MB spinis naunung xne onurco oi Widdecombe-in-the-Moor, on Dartmoor. The edifice was, ou Sunday, October 31, 1638, struck by lightning and severely damaged. Four persons we's killed aud sixty-two injured. The Devil is said to have caused this thunderstorm, and he is positively known (according to tradition) to have attended at Widdeoombe personally on that day in the guiae of a horBeman. It ie asserted that the spirit forms of the four people killed have since walked the chnrob at nightfall, and the prevailing belief among the moormen is that they will do so until tbe Last Day. The old church of St. Mary, at Berry Fomeroy, seems to make far too goad a pia ture for a haunted building. Nevertheless, if we credit the history of an early oooupier of Berry-Pomeroy Castle, adjacent, and her association with the onuroh, we find Bucli u the case. Tradition again tells us how tbe daughter of a former lord of the oastle mur dered her ohild there, and that in death sue apparently passes part of her time at the Bcene of the tragedy, and the remainder at tho grave of her dead child, which was buried in the ohuroh. Hec apparition, it is said, has appeared on several occasions to independent persons, and the facts made a very strange slory; but as it haa not been seen for nearly a oentury, it is to be hoped her troubled spirit has at last found boUoo. The old ohurohyard of Kelvedon, Essex, also haa its ghoBt, for a legend runs that a looal miller — ? the only honest miller in tte county ' — was so poor that he was unable to pay his way. This preyed upon his mind bo much that he committed suicide by hanging himself from a tree there, bnd further, he is frequently notioed — by those qualified to see such Bights — hovering around the church yard with a halter around his neck and his tongue hanging out. 