FICTION. THE COLONEL'S NITA. HOW THE nosoil OF TnE ALVAREZ NAME WAS SAVED. . The colonel's Niln could not have given jroa tho first simple axiom in plain geometry— in fact, sho could not even keep accounts of her expenditure tor satin slippers and lace petticoats straight, but thore was in her nature A ucnth of lovaHv nml rinvmlnn Ihnl would overmatch tho heart forco of twenty collegc-brcd Yankee girls. And whon she broko her nlabiiBter box of devotion at the toot of young Masson thoro was not one tbougbt of flinching nt tbo inovilablo con sequences. Shoslinnly loved him, nnd be cause ho was ho and sbo was sho, thoy two alone mado up her 'unlvornc. Through all tho years of her childhood her starved young heart had spent itself on a galaxy of painted saints and tho tradition ol a father, tor although tho colonel's ono Idea In regard to hlu daughter was that bIiq should ho happy, his Ideas of what should conatituto tho hnppiy ncss of a budding woman were 'voirm' Ho saw that sho was indulged 'in ovcry whim and that sho was taughj.'to dance and sing, which" In somo unMetfountihlo way— ho did not pretend lo n/iidrHtand tho nature of woman— W' accomplish the reaultui' her growj/'B into a useful, lovnblo womanhood. K0 long as tho colonel was at Presldln with \Uo worries of tbo 6orvico on his mind, tho littlo motherless daughter was not often in his thoughts, nnd on thornro visits ho mndu to tho Santa Yucz convont ho saw a demure little girl in a slim littlo frock, and was assured by the aistcra she was a good child und sang well. After each visit ho carried nwity with him tho gratifying impression that tho child was growing liko Iter mothor. As a man's estimate of n woman, ovon hfo own flesh nnd blood, is morely as to her looks, ho saw only tho bluc-blnck hair nnd erect carriage, IIo was too slightly acquainted with his child to guess at tho volcanic nature beneath the demure oxterlor. 80 all thought of tho child was quickly obliterated by tbo memories of a gay youth, Sovilic, his beautiful Canncnita, then tho now world, with only tho little motherless Nita to link him with tho past. After theso visits his men always found him sterner than ovor, his discipline moro rigid and his temper inoro irasclblo. But when the colonel's Nita was sixteen— it docs not take long tor thoso Spanish. Ameri- can girls to grow up— tho colonel's comnla- CenflV WAS muLInnlt. Inliwn._l..l I il.. > «i " .v . . . . -'. try tuc reali- zation that the child was now a woman, that her education in singing and dancing, with a few minor dctuiifi, perhap3, was now com. jilote, as fur as tho convent course could tako her, and she insisted upon going home. To tho old colonol homo meant barracks, or a shctter-tont somewhere out on tho border, and tho thought of the prosenoo of n restless joung woman, with innumerable trunks, judging by hor mother's way of doing things, was disturbing. So Nita was sent, liko tho colonel's othor belongings, to tho colonel's sister for sato keeping. And tho Scnorn, Alvarez was a most propor person for Uio colonel's Nita to bo intrusted to. Sho had had two daughters of ber own, who, promptly upon their release from the convent school, had been married off , one to n wealthy octogenarian who owned half the valley ho lived in, and tho other to a Spanish count whom tho poor girt loathed but tho old eenora rested scrono in the belief that sho had dono her duty by her own daughters, and complacontly undertook the care of tho colonel's Nita. Tho proud old senora did not immv. noithordid Nita, that tho colonel's wife had ucon a publio singer, who for her love tor the yoang officer hnd thrown away a brilliant stage career; neither did Nita know why she loved brilliant music, nnd glitter, and show ; why sho put trills and " arpeggios " In n ra sorcre " nnd said her prayers to Santa Lucia instead of tho Blessed Virgin, hecnuse Santa Lucia was paintod in a red robe. So when tho singer's child burst from her convent chrysalis, with tho bluo-blaok hair, tho imperious manner, and tho glorious voice ot her mother, and tho hot, high-strung nature of uer father, tho sorcne old aunt found her a very different charge from her own docilo young daughters. Tho sombre old houso was overrun with riotous young life, doors and windows wero flung wido to such nn onslaught of fresh air. sunshino, clouds ot dust, and swarms of visitors as had never beon dreamed of before. The rank old garden, which Nita declared suggostcd an overgrown grave-ynrd, was transformed into smooth lawns and rose- hedged avenues, that rang all day with gay voices nnd light laughter, and in the evenings the vauu-liko summer-houses heard many tender avowals, and, alas I too many light oxchanges of vows. And above it all and riS0 ?ila'8 volco, caroling and trilling like a sky-lark. Now not in "mos" and misereres," but tender love-songs, bits JSS5JSI TraV0U "h ,8onfia the senora had sung herself before her thin old lips had ESS"#!?0! dr .ftnd her stern old heart too Si1!0!? "y Bhc wouM "ut tlie people who filled the houso and garden wero £»n! w Rcno,riv B ltnvi,lh,K- Tho colonel's Nita had turned her back upon ovcry ono of her aunt's guests, the eligible husbands from whom she had pioked her own sons-in-law. The girl had gathered from tho social high, ways the light-hearted "detrimentals" who could danoo nnd make love, and dashing young officers on her father's staff, till one would think Ihn hous. was continual# Z. tlT. i,FVrP"l,n,?R nbout her must be replete with life and youth and warmth. Tho horrified aunt was compelled to appeal to tho colonel for assistance in managing this self-willed young person, and after many urgont calls tho old colonel mado up his 8\. And put down tho insurrection within his own lines. When tho gray old soldier clanked down tho avenue that led to his sister's houso, In somo uncertainty ot mind, a vivid youog creature flashed towards him, and Carmenlta with all her well-remem bered impetuosity, Carmenlta to "tho life, flow down tbo steps to meet him. Tno littlo convent daughter bad no con nection with this resplendent young woman, for he had not counted on how Btriklng tbo similarity might bo whon her surroundings should bo similar. Tho same lovo ot beauti ful thlogs, tho samo alert manner, the same trick of tbo oyes, nnd, with a quickening of tbo breath, ho caught the sp&rklo; of tho same sapphire rings glistening on her nervous littlo hands that he bad brought tor Car menlta and then. forgotten among the other trinkets in tho littlo casket his sister bad kept. This, then, was the insubordinate ho had coma to discipline, oud, as usual, he forgot tho mnttcr in hand while his mind reverted to tho sccocs ot his youth. Out tho old senora also came of fighting stock, and never yet hrul struck her colors before nn obstacio; now sbo had no miod to be faced down by a chit of n girl. On one point tho old colonol was adamant ; however kindly ho might bo disposed toward tho child, ho had all his sister's hatred tor the "gringo," and tho scnorn knew tho right tactics to uso. " And there is not n moment to be lost," she pursued, ns tboy discussed their campaign the following evening in tho garden; "now thnt we have talked the matter over aud you agree with mo he had not said a word— " our only course Is to act at once. We en not have a repetition of the disgraceful scene we witnessed this morning." Mcanwhflc, the author of the "scene" watched the pair from the dudow of the 41 patio," and lived over the melodrama ot the morning. Hex shoulders squared bask a? #he roMllrd the tir>J horror of her father's aiumstcm. oad then how splendidly dock — herJsck— had up and confronted him, refienJiv to herself for the twentieth time the Kvrr.f-1 uzzt : I will ree my diachtcr dead he?.\v I wild ecr.wnl to ber marrying he«tf£! with a distaed " gringo' I M And the dedttttw: '"Then, sir. 1 shall nut; jvc? slinchtvr without yvv.r eensent, as the ci the whole garrison, and all bear/a acd heel bwide ! " Tbe EtiSr dzure in the shadow grew tens or 3 the full lips lost their carves and ibovrd ecly a hard, red Hne. She almost sscikd as «h watched the nodding figures fa the garden, thinking the valiant Jack bad routed them. And with the picture in her mind of those clear, gray eyes, and the botisb, eager fare framed in its mop of reddish haic she knew she could dAre any thing— anything. Being a woman her faith was blind. Foor Jack! His weapons were too straightforward and primitive to meet the old <nara— as ««11 trc to mwt n trainod swordsman with a broad-axo. Finally, tho noddiog figures in the garden turned and slowly approached the bouse. They did not notice her as she arose and stood aside tor them to pass. They sat un comfortably, bolt upright in the piazza chairs that were mode for lounging, and in formal, measured tones called her to them. And there to the warm, mellow moonlight, on the very spot she bad plighted her viws with Jack, under the breath of the roses and honeysuckles, with all the earth teaming with spring-time and palpitating with life and pro mise, they told her — their heads already oent bene ith the snows of winter and the frosts creeping into their hearts- they told her she was to be torn away from it all, and sent back to the convent to take the veil— she who hnd just begun to live! After the first wild outburst ot anguish tho girl regained her tenseness, and tho senora waited tor bcr to take the coorsc any well- brought-up girl might ho expected to pursue —weep, ar.il sulk, and finally yield. But the colonel's Nita hnd too much of tho soldier- father in her. Ail tho buoynocy nnd bright ness of her nature turned into a rigid defiance of a temper which might break hut never bend. Tho offending Jack was, ot course, forbidden the house, and Nita kept a prisoner in solitary confinement. ing, one last desperato moment, wheu Jack had contrived to say, " Promiso to keep your faith tilt we meet." To which tho ghost of the glowing Nita, every drop of whose blood had gona to strengthen tho resolve of her heart, had answered, "Till death shall us part." Even tho old futiior was not allowed to sec her, for tho senora divined that to the father sho was not Nita, but a reincarnation- Carmenita, in wIiqsq hands- Kie' nad been as clay; and -r J is often tiio oabo with fathers, nfjrj-tho first storm-clouds of anger had "5iearcd away, ho might bo as plastic in tbo hands of tho daughter. When thisstalo ot affairs had lasted beyond endurance, mid everybody except tho sonorn, who was culm nnd determined as ever, felt something must snap, (ho tension was so high, tho ojionol was suddenly called away and the senora left In sole chargo of tho rc- bcllnus forces. When next tho colonel visited his sister ho found hor moro stately and scrcno thnn over, and was assured that Nita, nlthough without a limit it Lhfl mnqt Itliinmnil nml Tnhnllinni spirit sho hnd ovor known, hnd finally found her senses and yioldcd to her aunt's superior judgment. Sho was in tho convent aud was perfectly calm ; oh, yes, sho' gavo him her word tor it, sho was . perfectly calm. So, thanks to her efforts, the family name was saved from tho scandal of an eioptucnt, nnd his nnfortunnto daughter from a dis graced lifo. Nevertheless, after tho old father's rage had coolod somewhat, ami, onco back at his post, ho hnd found a perspective on tho domestic uprising, ho was almost ready to admit it might havo been better to toinporizo with tho child— Carraonita'8 child— than to shut her up in a convent. It hnd been to bim almost liko finding his young lifo again in this brief glimpso of his daughter. There arose in his mind a picture of what his de clining years might bo with this glowing young Hfo at his elbow and this blitho young iuikii lining in? urn nenri who -memories of tho beautiful singer of Sovilic. Ho proposed to go and 6co his daughter to satisfy himself that sho was happy ; but ho .was always met by. tho objections from his sister that sho was not allowed to see visltora until hor novitinte was finished, that sbo was in retreat, and finally that sho was transferred to anothor convent. Always successfully baffled, his visits beenmo less frequent, his temper more uncertain, his discipline moro unreasonable, until his lonely life was ended unsolnced br wjfo or child. As tho years went by tho old senora grew grimmer und sterner, and more stately ; the old house was closed again und grow musty and silent; tho garden went back to its original state of'rank overgrowth nnd soli- tudo, and in timo nil trnce was lost of the littlo gust of life that had onco animated it, And Juok, her Jack, did nmny things— raged, and dissipated, nnd travelled, nnd finally went back to Iris Eastern, homo, nnd married n nice Eastern girl, and settled down. Ho tho story of tho colonel's Nltn passed into local triuiitlon, and was told as a wnrninn in othor rebellious daughters, until it, too, was buried under tho 44 debris " of newer sen sations. And tho sequel might nover have been told had it not been' for tho survival of a toothless old hag who recognised tho picture. After tiio occupation and supremacy of tho " gringo" had become an established fact, and tho Mission precinct extended, a street was surveyed through tho Alvarez garden nnd tho house condemned and torn down. And as the massive old adoho walls fell to tho ground thoy cried out tho ending of the colonel's Nita's story. Under tho oriel win dow in tho room which had been hers, in a tiny niche all too small for a full-grown woman, crouched a grinning skeleton, tho dry bones clothed till tho mosses of bluo- bluck hair that rippled and waved liko a gar ment nbout it— savo tor the looks that In the last agonies had beon torn out and wore still clutched in tho fingers on which gleamed tho same great sapphire rings of tho singor of Seville. And shut nwny from sight, when thoy hnd robbed hor of , every- token, behind tho littlo teeth thnt were still whito and ovon, they found a tiny locket of Spanish workman ship with tbo picture of a boyish, eager face, framed in its mop of reddish hnir, guarded, as she hnd worm " till death shall us part." 