-TZA AND 'PUBLIC MIEItiTING A confercnce teatwas held in the E:bool room lst evening; and was attended by about 400 pnrsonr. Tho repast wasextellent. Ten tables were provided seven of thom (including one by the bachelors, being given and the restprovided by subscription. The following ladies attended at the tables: fMgedames J. Morgan, P. S. Grunsell, and D. Morgan, Mecsimss F. Haigh, and E. Aihloy;:?Ierdmem JoP, Wrigbht, and Rose, Mfredaise'.A: .Desn.- and 8. Bailey. -Be. daimee eCE:cter, J. LBaerts, and Misn E. Ho!den. Mead.mees 0. and A. Kadwell, Mre. Hocktdy. .and Mii Ethel Hockiday, M`grs. Farrant and Mies Mal?olm, Mi!?r M. Morgan, and A. Phe:liFa, Meadamea Johnson and Bennett. A public meeting oasn abseqoently held in the chorcbh, which was crowded. The Hon. J. Cok MLP. presided. IIhe prceeding pneed wihb the einging of the hymn I Lift My Heart to Thee. Saviour, followed by prayer by the Rev. C:. Palmer (Baptist). The Chairman alladed to the conncidence of the canference _itting in Gonlburn at the Eame tir(e. that Mr. Oliver was here to inqire I into th,?eihiir of thbbplace to bh the Federal Capital. (Applause.) He wan' uore -that ahbn a decision approached, Goaln'ur would greatly rely on its great advantages, and if that day was a specimen, it had great climatic claims for consideration. In the conference the representativeo had been discussing another kind of federation, that of the obhnches of methodism;i.rod they- hlsd passrd resolutions which nould help to for. weard the movement. At ll .erento ho be-. lieved that was the object of the Rev. Mr. Orozier in moving them, and it was his (Mr." Cook's) object in seconding them.'. That' evening they were to have addresses on op. to-date topics, and the time was appro. priate. They were rractically at the close of a century, and it was well to have a stock taking of the progress made during the latst hundred ytars. The Eabjects chosen fur the speakers covered a widerange incloding the political, commercial, and 'ocial life of the church. There was a tinge of asinsea about that meeting because it wna probably the last public utterances in. N.B.W.- of their friend, the Rev. T. Parr, who is returning to Eng. land in April aoter ten years' service in the colony. They wished him God epeed, and hbped he would have .a: pt4seerosu onieer in the old-land, and should he ever regret l.aving N.B.W. he. wouldro aeivo .a.hearty welcome bock. (Applaose) lev. T. Parr M.A. deliv?eed an able. and thoughtful' tddrees on tJo >TheologiealDa velopmeals of the Nineteenth centnry. The eublject could atipply "ilatter for thiirteen letaures instand of an address of hall-an hour. The .cheme of salvation was un chaugenabe, but it was ouly proper that there should be similar progress.in theology, as in other siencaes. Progress in theology was to be seen in the bible-itself and it had become a new book to the Christians of the nineteenth century. The movement of the century known as the higher criticism was sneered at by Rome who did not understand it, but it had gone deeply into the bible and had removed dust and misconception, but had left its grand old truths. It mattered nothing whether some parts of the books - were written by others than those whose names they bore; that did not destroy their inspiration as a valid revelation of God's will towards men. Higher criticism had exposed errors in translation, but left the solid fact that the teaching of the bible is able to save the soul. Materialism at the beginning of the century endeavoured to.show that death was the end of all, But its greatest teachers have had to admit a govern. ing cause, end that was sufficient for him, and be called it God. The doctrine of the fall was more clearly established because of the critioism to which it had been subjected during the century. The horrible Calvinistic doctrine which was generally preached at the beginning of the century was practically dead and buried. The doctrine of the atonement had been purified of much that was wrong, but the grand truth of the saving effect of Christ's death was all the clearer. Much also that was revolting about the theory of eternal punishment had disap- peared. No man of learning now preached a hell of brimstone and fire, still they believed there was eternal punishment for sin. This century had also witnessed a grand revival of the belief in the personality of Christ, and the literature of this century concerning Christ will prove a priceless boon. Christ is to be seen in the gospel of humanizing prin- ciples taught and in the progress of institu tions andi tiovements for the'uplifting t f the race. The trend of the age's teaching shows that behind man, a man's God is recognized, and that the presence of Christ's teaching is felt. -(Applause.) The Hun J Blonksby M.1.C deliv red an eloquent nod tfeoltive address on Patriotism and Christianity. It had becn well said that it was a good thing to die for onoe' country, also that it weas a good thing to die in defence of religion; but ho thought it wos better to die efler filly yents' life and service for religion. Patriotlim w'a not mere love for one opecial part of the earth but lore for the country in which we have our huom, and chrietianity makes that plans all the brighter. This is why so great attachment to their country exiest among the two Eagliehl speoakig nations. Their laws, imperleot as they are, are framed on Cilrirlian pricoipler, whibh nmake life enjoyatle. Chtioatooily teonheo ml n to exercise their rights as citu. zison. They ehoold not abolain from voting at parliamentary elections bi asoe the fuith. ful exercise of this right promoted the morel well-being of the O mmuuity in which they lived. There was the quaelion whether a Christion shouldfilght for tis country? War in the anbtroat was undoubtedly ano evil, but under our present, conditions there are times when it could not bh6avoided, aend to refo?e to fight was unpatriotio. At times wrongs coulod.euli;eqrrtmodicd by blood and tesra, and when it avs.a greater evil to allow it itd remain than to remove it by even so terrible aoninstrtietlt as war. The present fight in the Transvaal was of that character, and Chrielianu were quitd jnetified in taking part in it. All cou!d not shoulder the rifle, bat all could pray for a just conclusion to the conflict, nod take their aoare in properly guarding the interests of those near and dear to the esoldiere. The obceerlul side to the present sad cualiot was the readiness with which rich and poor alike had responded to the call to obtail help for the widow and orphan. (Applosse.) A oullection was made. The RRv. W. Atkinson delivered a etirrimg nod'ablo addrcsrdon the'Chureliei' Otlooik,of which'it- raid n person it entitled eo tkhe on optimietto view ..D eing this oentury the eburcb had passed tIrolugb controverale with the matetrialistie scrhoot a;d ihbo resenit had bhen the realization nod the possesesion of a Jioher and higher life than it had over before eozperienced. The tuendeoy was to einpiritual, mnoet eens'etaalil, union botwee the vvrious breeches of the tiuicb. It as not thoee who doeired timbintinotso sbti ?.d ceremonioe who nought, lreity are tlooougCr-WUld not tubmhit'tsarigieiguee bteezoeet silee'tnit4 iha the cfiureh oohnlat?[ l o thoslu'j` o melioved in Jesus Ohriet aeLteqar be their nome. Th holy thonghtie illspobli detd, earvioe o net ri/tno, aore h-ecnmiag tile proofof Olhritionity. The true baptism of-lho.ohli~ch woe the out pouring of Ithe oly Gho'st. The church which clings Io ritoual" aondl wealth will not senlily this ngo. hut Che one which opproochet nearest to the spirit ef Christ's techirgs. A ohurob to be suceesful must accept the respuonsbjlily ut on it (f g?ardiog its young. The outlook for sngb wan grand. Then the otiloult iu tle foreign missiotn field wns mott promising, nod Ie btlieroed tliolt the twentiethb century would witness a great in gatheting from the:mission 'lahur et this century.. Mre. Atkiueton couclnded by pointing iout hat it was bho preaching oa thi gospel i the Jant that gaeo tIeli bru.nph og the thttcgh each a glorious past, and if it continued to do theo eEmo in thu futuro it had no eoeaon to fear. (Applouse.) Between the addreseoo the choir pleasingly eng eeveraol anthems. Votea of t1bank reacco rded by aoolanm tion to thoe nho blad entertained the cun. fereece repreeeattoivea ; to bhe chalrme o; to the aIndies nd bechohore who had provided. hoe tea ; to he ohoir ; and to all who hnd taken part in the public services of the con feronCe. The -mentig conoluded ebout 10.15 with the singing of the Doxology aod the Ba?e dielton. 