CHAPTER XH.—THE MORNING APTER. "Then why have you compelled me to meet you again?" she demanded fiercely, in a tone which showed her abhorrence of him. "The last time we met you told me that you were going abroad. Why haven't you gone?" "I've been and come back again." "Where?" "That's my business," he answered quite calmly. "Your welcome home is not a very warm one, to say the least." "I have no welcome for my enemies." "Oh! I'm an enemy, ell? Well," he added. "I have always considered myself your friend." "Friend!" she echoed. "You show your friendliness in a rather curious manner. You conceive these dastardly plots and then compel me to do your bidding—to act as your decoy!" "Come, come," he laughed, his temper quite unruffled by her accusation. "You know that in all my actions 1 am guided by your interests—as well as my ovm." "I was certainly not aware of it," she responded. "It'cannot be to my interest that you compel me to meet you heTe like this, at risk of discovery. Would it not have been better if our meeting had taken place in London, as before?" "Necessity has driven me to make this appointment," he responded. "To write to you is dangerous, yet I wanted to give you warning, so that you can place yourself in a position of security." "A warning—of what?" she asked breath lessly. "La Gioia is here." "La Gioia!" she gasped. "Here? Im possible!" La Gioia! It was the name I had found written upon the piece of paper beneath her pillow. "Unfortunately, it is the truth," he re sponded in an earnest' voice. "The contre temps is serious." "Serious!" she cried in alarm. "Yes, it is serious, and through you I am thus placed in peril." "How do you intend to act?" "I have no idea," she responded, in hoarse tone. "I am tired of it all and driven to despair—I am sick to death oi this eternal scheming, this perpetual fear that the- terrible truth should become known. God knows how I have suffered during, this past year. Ah! how a woman can suffer and still live! I tell you," she cried, with sudden desperation, "this dread that haunts me continually will drive me to take mv life!" "Rubbish!" he laughed. "Keep up your pluck. With a little ingenuity a woman can deceive the very devil himself." "I tell you," she said. "I am tired of life^of you—of everything. I have nothing ive for—nothing to Grain hv livinod" to live for—nothing to gain by living!' Her voice was the broken voice of woman driven to desperation by the fear that her secret should become known. "Well," he laughed brutally, "you've cer tainly nothing to gain by dying, my dear." "You taunt me!" she .erica, in anger. "Yon who hold me irrevocably in this bond of guilt—you who compel me to act as your accomplice in these vile schemes! I hate you!" "Without a doubt," he responded, with a short laugh. "And yet I have done no thing to arouse this feeling of antagon ism." "Nothing^ _ Do ^011, then, think lightly of all the post "My dear girl, he said, "one should [ never think, of what has gone by. It's a bad 'habit. Look to your own safety— and to the future." "La Gioia is here!" die repeated in a low voice, as though unable fully to realise all that the terrible announcement meant. "Well, how do you intend to act?" "My actions will be guided by circum stances," he replied. "And you?" She was silent. The stillness of the night | was broken only by the dismal cry of night bird down near the lake. "I think it is the best that I should die and end it all," she replied in a hard strained voice. "Don't talk such nonsense," he said im patiently. •- "You are young, graceful, smart, with one of the prettiest faces in London. And you would commit suicide"? The thing is utterly absurd." "What have I to gain by living?" She enquired again, that question being appa rently uppermost in her mind. "You love young Chetwode. "You may yet marry him." • "No," 'she answered with a sigh. "I fear that can never be. Happiness never be mine—never." "Does he love you?" enquired the maior | with a note of sympathy in his voice. "Love me? Why, of course, he does." "You have never doubted him?" "Never." "And he lias asked you to marry him?" "Yes, a dozen times." "When was the last occasion?" "To-night—an hour ago." "And you, of course, refused?" "Of course." "Why?" "Because of the barrier which prevents my marriage with him." "And you will allow that to stand in the way of your safety?" "My safety!" she echoed. " I don't un derstand." "Cannot you see that if you married Cyril Chetwode at once, La Gioia would be powerless?" . "Ah!" she exclaimed, suddenly impressed by the suggestion. "1 had never thought of that!" "Well," he went on, "if you take my ad vice, you'll lose no time in becoming Gket wode's wife. Then you can defy your enemies and snap your fingers at La Gioia." A deep silence fell. The woman who was my wife was reflecting. "You say that by marriage I could defy my enemies, but that is incorrect. I could not cut myself free of all of them." "Why? Whom would you fear?" "You yourself!" she answered bluntly. "I know you too well, alas!" she went on desperately. "I know that I could never be safe from your ingenious plotting, that just at the moment of my happiness you would cast upon me the black shadow of the past." ' "You have no confidence in me, he pro tested with a dissatisfied air. "I can have no confidence in one who holds me enslaved as you do." "And yet I have come here et considerable risk and personal inconvenience to give you' warning." "Because you fear discovery yourself." "No," he laughed. "I am quite safe. I merely came here to make two suggestions to you. One 1 have already made, namely, that you should marry Chetwode without delay. And the other " He paused, as though accurately, to gauge the extent of his power over her." "Well? Go on. I am all attention." "The other is that you should, as before, I reader me a trifling assistance in a little1 matter I have in hand which, if successful ly carried out, will place both of us for ever beyond the reach of La Gioia's vengeance." . ."Another scheme!" she cried wearily. "Well, what is iff Some further dastardly plot or other, no doubt. > Expjain it." "Xo. Yon are under a misapprehension," lie responded quickly. "/The affair is no dastardly plot, but merely a little piece of ingenuity by which we may outwit La Gioia!" "Outwit her!" she cried. "The very devil himself could not outwit La Gioia!" "Ah!" he laughed. "You women are ahvays so ready to jump to ill-formed con elusions.' She has one weak point..5 . "And you have discovered it?" "Yes. ' I have discovered it." "How?" "That,is my affair. It is sufficient to be awaye that she, the invincible, is neverthe less vulnerable.". There was another pause, but at last the woman I loved responded, in a firm deter mined tone-1- ' "Then,- if it is true, I leave it to you. You ■declare that you are my friend: therefore I can at least rely on you for protection, especially as wo have so many interests in common." "But you must assist me," he observed. "No," she answered, "I refuse to do Jrant X iciuac LU UO that. I have painful recollections of what has already happened. The grim ghosts of the past are ahvays with me." "You arc far too impressionable," he laughed. "If I had not stood your friend, you would have fallen into the hands of the police long ago." "And you? ' she enquired, lie did not respond. Possibly the sub ject was rather too unwelcome to admit oi discussion. Prom his fingers I knew this man to be at least a gaolbird who had per formed 'hard labor, and it was also certain that with the ingeniously prepared cigar ette he had attempted to take my life. "No," she went on, in a clear firm voice, "I refuse to be further associated with any of your schemes. You are quite capable of carrying out any villainy without my as sistance." • "Need we use the term villainy where La Gioia is concerned?" he asked. "You know 'her well enough to be aware that if dhe finds you she will he merciless, and will" gloat over your downfall." "I would kill myself before she discovers me," my wife declared. "But you might not have time," he sug gested. "To die willingly demands consi derable resolution'. Women's nerve usually fails them at the extreme moment." 'Aline will not, you may rest assured of that," i)he answered. "You don't seem capable of listening to reason to-night," 'he protested. "I am capable of listening to reason, hut not to conspiracy," she replied with some hauteur. "1 know well what is passing in your mind. It is not the first time that such a thought has passed there. You would plot to take her life—-to murder La Gioia!" He 'laughed outright, -as though there were something humorous in her words. "No, no, my dear," he answered quickly. "You quite misunderstand my intention." "I misunderstood your intention on a previous occasion," She said, meaningly. "But in this affair our interests are en tirely mutual," he pointed out. "You must assidt me." "1 shall not." "But you must. It is imperative. We have everything to gain by securing licr | silence." "And everything to lose by meeting her." "But When we meet her it will he in de fiance. I have thought out a plan." . "Then carry it out," she said. "I will have nothing whatever to do with it." "I may compel you," he said, with slow distinctness. "You have already compelled me to act as your accomplice, but you have strained my bonds until they can resist no longer. I intend to break them." "This is, indeed, very interesting!" He j laughed, treating her as though she were a spoilt child. "Yes!" she cried, furiously, "I will kill myself." "And leave me to make a scandalous ex planation." "Then you would besmirdh my good name after my death!" she said, turning upon him quickly. "Ah! yes. You Show your-1 self in your true colors. You would even weave about me a web of infamy, so as to i prevent me taking my life. I hate and de-1 test you!" "That's not the first time you have in formed me of that fact, my dear," he re sponded, with perfect coolness. "if it were not for you 1 should now be a happy, careless girl, without a thought beyond the man I love. Thanks to you I am, however, one of the most wretched of all God's creatures." "You need not be. You are petted in your own circle of friends, and your repu tation remains unsullied." "1 occupy a false position," she declared. "What would Cyril say if he knew the •truth?" "A woman should never study the man who is to be her husband. It makes him far too conceited; and, moreover, she is sure to regret it in after life." He was at rimes shrewdly philosophical, this scoundrel who held my wife beneath his thrall. "I have you—-only you—to thank for my present position. Believed by the world to be an honest, innocent girl, and accepted as such, I nevertheless fear from hour' to hour that the truth may be revealed, and that I may find myself in the liands of the police. Death is preferable to this con stant, all-consuming dread." "The unreasonableness and pertinacity of woman is extraordinary," lie exclaimed, in. a -tone of impatience. "What good can possibly result from this duel between us? Why not let us unite in defeating La Gioia?" "That I refuse to do. "But our position is serious—most serious," he pointed out. "Suppose that sht discovers you?" "Well, what then?" "You would be entirely at her mercy," he said in a deep voice. "And you know her well enough to be aware tliat once determined upon a course she never goes back—you know the fiendishness oi her ven geance." . "I know," she responded in a voice scarce above a wliisper, 'the voice of a woman driven to desperation. "She is your enemy," lie said. "She would torture, and afterwards kill you." "She could not torture me more than 1 am already tortured, with my mind so full of all 'that has gone by," my wife de clared in a hoarse, unnatural voice, which plainly told of acute suffering. "But you must arm yourself against her," he argued. "Together we are strong enough to defeat any attack that she may make. .Remember, that she is in London iu search of you." "Do you think she'll easily find me?" "Ah, I do not know," he responded. "She has, as you are well aware, many sources of secret information open to her. Before now she has got at secrete that were supposed to 'be inviolable. She may dis cover ours." "Then tell me plainly," she asked, dropping her voice until it was scarcely o T. • -vv auili IK MXUCeiy above a whisper, "do you yourself fear her? "Yes. She is the only person who besides ourselves knows the truth," he responded in a low tone. "And you would set a trap into which she will fall?" she went on, still in a whis per. "Come, do not let us prevaricate long er. You intend to kill her?" There was a dead silence. At last her companion spoke. "Well," he answered, "and if your sur mise is correct?" "Then once and for all," she said, raising her voice, "I tell you that I'll, have no hand whatsoever in it. I will not be vour accomplice in the crime. I am no mm deress." He was apparently taken aback by the suddenness of her decision. "And you prefer to be left unprotected against the vengeance of La Gioia," he said harshly. "Yes, I do," she said determinedly. "And recollect that from to-night I refuse to be further associated with these vile schemes of yours, You deceived me once; you shall never do so again." "It was for your own benefit—your own safety," he declared quickly. "Enough," dhe cried in anger. "You have spoken, and I have given my answer. I prefer the vengeance of La Gioia to becom ing your 'accomplice in a foul and secret crime." He laughed aloud. "And you think you can break from me as easily as this? You action te-night is foolish—suicidal. You will repent it." "I shall never repent. My hatred of you is too strong." "We shall see," he laughed. "We shall see." "Let me pass!" she cried, and leaving him walked quickly down the path and in a' few moments the fluter of her light dress was lost in -the gloom. Her companion laughed again, a short evil laugh, then turning, hurried after her. I emerged quickly from my hiding-place and followed them as far as the stile. He had overtaken her and was striding by her side, bending and talking earnestly as they were crossing the open grassland. To follow sufficiently close to overhear what words he said was impossible without detection, therefore I was compelled to re main apd watch the receding figures until they became swallowed up in the darkness. Then, turning I passed through the belt of wood again and scaling a wall gained the high road, which, after a walk of half-an hour, took me back to Hounslow. That night I slept but little. The dis covery I had made was extraordinary. Who was this woman with the strange name. "La Gioia" meant in Italian "The Jewel" or "The Joy." Why did they fear her vengeance? In the morning, as I descended to break fast, the landlord of the inn, standing in his shirt-sleeves, met me at the foot of the stairs. "Have you heard the terrible news, sir?" he enquired. "No," I said in surprise. "What news?" "There was murder committed last night over in Whitton Park." "Murder!" I gasped. "Who has been murdered?" (Td be continued.) 