[Atx Rionxs Reserved.] WOMAN'S PERILS, CANNOT credit the torrible truth ! Jbsoema like a wild dream." With clasped hands and lear-dimmed eyes, a vornifl (X i r I ejactilat ed these words, us she atood gazing with a sad itnd sorrowful I look at: a flickering fire, the wavering flames I of which throw out strange woird shadows j upon tho walla of a largo and handsomo'.y furnished room. It was a rich ly-appoin ted apartment ; flowers not only decorated tho vases, but hung in tray festoons around the walls. Hare and beautiful exotics they wore mostly greenhouse blossoms relieved by the dark evergreens with which Lho.y .were entwined, for it is a night in January, a wild night of frost and snow, and tho • flowers of summer have long einco faded and gone. . Very fair and beautiful was that ono \- girl, standing: there like a spirit of the night by the glowing embers of the fire light. A robe of white gauze, falling in transparent folds over a rich under-dress of satin, gave a gossamer grace to her figure which airy drapery alone can impart. A wreath of wiiite roses was bound around her brow, confining the golden tresses which fell, unshorn and untutored, even to her waist. What a contrast her gala dress and mournful attitude presented. That floral garland—and those sad, dark, heavenly blue eyes all swimming in tsars. Wistfully tho young creature looked at a rich oimolu clock on the mantelshelf, the continuous ticking of which sounded mournful in the solilude. Lost in her sad reverie, the beautiful and lonely girl heard not the opening of the door behind her— that door that opened so slowly and gently It seemed as though it were turning on in visible hinges ; and then, as the clock ticked in its monotonous, unceasing regu larity, a young man appeared thore upon the threshold of the chamber, his dark eyes glaring with n tixed stare at the unconscious girl bofote him. "Ella," at length exclaimed the intruder in a low hu3h3d voice, the tones causing the young maid to start as if with electric file. " Oh, Paul, Paul, is ib you ? " aha cried ; and I ho next moment, regardless of the ro^os she was crushing, the beautiful gauze folds she was disordering, she was weeping on hia shoulder, half enveloped in the folds of his dark heavy travelling cloak, for the young man was habited for a journey. '• How pale you are, Paul," said the fair girl, as she led her willing visitor to the (ire. . " And how beautiful you are, dear Ella, to-night ; and how like a fairy queen in your gossammer attire ; " and then, hia voice ringing with a bitter mocking, he added : " And they have dressed you thus so lhab yon might appear still more attrac tive in the eyes of the villain and roue, Stainforth ! " " Yes, dear Paul, for, though 'tis my naial day, 1 did not wish to bo dressed for my birthday ball—aware that you were lo be driven forth ; but our cruel uncle was inexorable, and I was obliged to submit. He would have it so." The young girl here, her fine eves flashing, plucking the wreath of rosea from the meshes of her wavy golden hair, cast them at her feet. " My banishment is hard bo bear, Ella, when I remember, too, that it has been brought about bj- the scoundrel, Fred Stainforth." " And to that man my undo has pro mised my hand ! Bub I will never become liU bride, dear Paul. Far better death in the lake than a.union with Captain Stain forth." There was a fierce, wild light in the blue eyes of the poor girl, as, clinging shudder ingly to the stalwart youth beeide her, she moaned in the extremity of her despair. " VV'liy talk of death, dear Ella ? Why not fly with me this night—this hour ? " Any reply she might have made to her lover was now frozen on the lips of bhe un happy girl by a loud mocking lauph that echoed through the chamber, at the half open door of which stood a tall, handsome man of middle uge, whose oyes, like those of a hawk, glistened and flushed no he gazed upon the young couple before him. '• The part of eavesdropper well becomes you, Captain Stainforth, but I defy you now aa 1 did a week ago, and here, before my cousin Ella, stigmatise you as a scoundrel upd a coward." " Your words of rapo and scorn have little weight with me, I'aul Lomax ; I should be indeed a fool were I to note ihe ravings and insulta of a beggar and an out cast ; and for you, Miss Ella, I would advise inBtant retirement to your chamber whilst I conduct) your cousin oub of the house." Vouchsafing no reply to this insolent speech, the lo/or, snatching a kiss from the lips of his weeping cousin, with a haughty defiant stare at the sardonic looking cap tain, strode from the apartment ; the poor girl, with duzi;d, wild, distrait expression upon her features, gliding past the trium phant* Stainforth ; her white, silverv-look ing robes flui boring like the wings of a snowy bird as she disappeared from the chamber, leaving the cause of her grief and despair alone. Half-un-hour after this incident, wrapped in the voluminous fol'Js of an Inverness cape, the successful claimant for the hand of the lovely EUu Thornton, stealing cautiously from Ellersley Grange, and pass ing unperceivcd through the lodge gates, made his way along an avenue of pined and, from thence branching off through tho wooded precints of the old manor houso, came to a halt as he gained a little rustic bridge that extended across a small lake, now a glistening mass of sleely-blue ico. The moon, shining brightly, cast a luminous glare upon paik and woodland, its rays throwing in a lengthened shad w upon tho ice, the tall muffled form of a female.standing, in Ihe centre of tho rustic bridge, and who, at the appearance of tho 'J'man, with a little laugh, hurried forward to meet him. . " Basta. It is well you've come, Capi . taine, for thou art my rom ^husband), whilst, buono ! I am your romi (wife)." Another mocking insolent laugh hero ; eecaped the mouth of the etiaiger, who, throwing uside her voil, r,jvoaled the dark, handsome feuturea and glistening 01 bs of a liiscayaa ; a bold, haughty, lovely looking woniivrr, *b\ib with a dash of the tiger or ttte leopard in her large black eye?. Tlioro wns an audiblo curse from tho mouth of the mail of Mara, who presently, in a harsh grating voico, exclaimed : " I liuvo met you hero at your desire, Catalirm, but, have a caio ! I have hither to remitted to you tho stipulated sum wo agreed upon when wo parted threo years ago at Paris. Why then, havo yon now insisted upon ihis interview ? and hero, too, near I lie houso of old General Staeey.1' "Hecauso you are about to marry tho old fellow's niecc, and, because I, your romi (wife) want money." " You received your quarterly allowance only last week," said the Captain in a thick gut tural voice, rendered hoarse with sup pi essed rage. " Per Bacco ! And supposo I did, Capi taine, what then 1 I require cash, urgently require it ; and who should a woman call upon for money when she wonts it if not up on her husband ? " " An(J if 1 refuse this fresh supply." " I shall prevent you from committing a crime, dear Frederick, that's all," There was beta another little ripple of laughter from thc.rubv lips of the Juno-liko beauty " You will prevent me committing a crime," reiteintcd t.%g enraged innn us ho glared viciously, first at, his companion and then round tho lonely and silent place of their meeting. " Beuno ! Bigamy, dear Fred, is a crime, is it nob t " " How much money do you want?" ejaculated the enraged Stainforth,paying no heed to the femule's last sneering query. " Caramba ! I thought wo should come to terms ; and ub you did lovo mo once, j Cnpitaine, I'll not be bard upon you. Let 1 mo have a thousand pounds to- morrowt and ; five thousand more tho day you marry that I little blonde (the old fire-eater, General J Stacoy's niece), and I'll trouble you no more." '■ And if 1 am unable to find this largo sum ? " " You must find ib, Capitaine," " Or else ? " " You'll lose the little blonde and her I fortune. Bah ! I've been too considerate, too moderate. I've not asked half enough." "You've asked more than you'll yet from me, you gipsy jade, ' said the Cuptain, fairly now beside himeelf with rage. " Oh ! Carajo ! That's it, is it ? Beuno! you defy me. Gipsy, am I ? Well, I am gipsy enough to tell you your fortune, Cap tain Frederick Lascelles Stuinforth. If you are not very soon hanged you will die in I prison. I have got those forged bills of Do , Castro, and I huve but to say the ward i when the law will bo on your track. Per Bacco ! what do you 9uy to that ? " There was no reply given to this speech ; a wild, shrill scream presently, however, echoing in tho frosty air, accompanied by the splintering crash of broken ice as a humun form hurled over the bridge, with a horrid, harsh, grating noiso, sank into tho frozen wators of the lake. - • Wildly the wintry wind howled throush the wood of Ellersley Grange, as, branded with the mark of Cain, Captain Stainforth liko a hunred hare, dashoi through the cop3e after leaving the frozen waters into which he had so remorselesly thrown his unhappy victim. The moon, hidden now by the masses of cloud, uii tt»o auih, K,1UI» ur,u urear ; feathery flakes of snow prosently falling around the assassin as he sped wildly on in rage and torror, having lost the path. The leufleas trees, like giant spectres Btretched out their broad branches gaunt and weird, or, waving in the blast, eeemod beckoning to that crouched bent form as it hurried on like a vilo and evil spirit of the night. Tearing and plunging recklessly on, the man of evil passions, as ho became more involved in the deep recesses of the woods, grew dismayed snd appalled. A paroxysm of supernatural horror now seized upon him as he entered a glade or avenue lined with trees, thick furs, and undergrowth. Total darkness, deep, black, and dense, now enveloped the murderer ; the trunks of the trees now and again looming out as a break occurred in the snow-laden branches above, that, interweaving, forcred a kind of frame on which the descending enow rested like an awning. The ghastly cry of tho owl, " tu-whit-tu who," followed by tho renewed shrieking of the wind, at length caused I he assassin to come to a halt. Panting and exhausted from his mad flight, he now, resting against the trunk of a pollard oak, glared round half demented by fear, rage, and horror ; for, tho darkness now less opaque, ho fancied that in the gloom he perceived a shadowy form hovering among tho brush wood. and closely following in his wako. With agroiin and a deep-breathed impre cation at this suspicion that a something was tracking his footsteps, ho once more dallied wildly on, only some four hours after that meeting with his luckless victim by the lako, gaining and entering, unseen, the hall of Eliersley. It was at a late hour of the morning on the succeeding day that, pale, haggard, and ill ho presented himself to tho Ueneral's niece as she was sitting disconsolate and alone in tho library. lleceived with a. oUillin^ haulour and fear combined, Captain Stainforth, affecting not to perceive the coldness of his reception, exclaimed : " 1 have just loft your uncle. Mi.«s Ella ; he ib far from well, and has a strange fancy that our nuptials should take place without delay, suggesting a special license for the purpose." There was a half-defiant, exultanttono in the voice of the claimant for her hand that roused a robal spirit in the boaoin of the young girl, who, with clenched hands and face of marblo, starting up and pointing to the whirling snow, that in fantastic eddios flow by the casement without, ex claimed : " By some dread means you have (rained an ascondoncy over my uncle, and liavo moulded him to your wishes ; ho, eo fierce and determined, givos way to you in all things. By some fell agoncy you have be como his mastor. You won upon him to turn my hapless cousin Paul from the roof that haB sheltered him from boyhood ; you havo now extorted from hiin a consent to our instant union. But know, Captain Stainforth, I would eoouor this hour prefer the alternativo of a winding sheet of snow than becomo your wifo." A dark evil look gothorcd ovor tho features of tho rojeoted suitor, and, in a l Orsh, grating voico, he exclaimed : " You havo defied mo ! You would pre fer death rather than become my brido ! Well, wo shall see, Ellu Thornton. JPer liaps, mad girl, you may alter your decit ion a month hence ; there ato various ways of turning a spirit suuli as youra. I leave yon now. Mra Harper, your unolo's most trusted servant, will conduct you presently to your chamber.and whilst in j'our present obstinate and defiant mood you will not be allowed to leave the houao." Willi a aardonic amile, tho man of ovil passions was turning to quit tlio room, when he started buck with a Cry of fury. "A word with you, Captain Stainforth i'! " I'aul Lomax, beiri'ar and olit'enat I what moans thi« rotuill to your uncle's home ? I aft\ master hero now, and if yon do hot instantly iret hence, you shall bo hunted oft by tho hounds." " Not so fast, Captain Frederick ijtuih forth ; I am not alone." .... " Nob alone ? " t\\\ a husky kind of whispof, these words were reiterated by tho captain, asstaiidinjjin the corridor without, he caught sitilit of another fijiure, that, tull and ereot, and shrouded in a black mantle, was stationod behind the smiling and defiant i'aul. " I ain nob ulono, Captain. I have a lady w'th mo." " A lady 1 " a livid pallor now stole over the face of the startled villain) who, as that shrouded form glided into the library, step by stop drew back until, (raining tho casement, his further steps were arrested. " You don't look well) Capitaitie. Per bacco 1 You (jn.Se Upon your poor wife as though you took her for a ghost." "Catalina ! God of Iioaven ! Catalina ! " gasped tho wretched man, who now in wild horror, throwing up his arms, with a shriek of maniac fury, hurled himself through tho easement. Theie was ti nrush oi splintorod wood and broUsti glass ; and then, upon tilO affrighted group glancing without, tnoy beheld the body of the suioido a huddled-up heap upon tho stono Court-yard below. Upon descending into tho grounds, the wretched Stainforth was found to bo quito dead ; besides other injuries his neck being broken. ...... ■ - Catalina, his wife, rescued from tho frozen lake tlie night beforo by Paul, rewuinod for many months at tho Grange, assisting at the marriage of Paul Lomax with his loved cousin, Ella. Tho old man, their uncle, by every means in his power striving to maka up for his tmrshnoss in tho past, whon his lovely nicce was persecuted and stiflering a Woman's Perils, 