THE STORYTELLER. CHI-CHEE. A STOEY OF THE HISING IN CHINA, j " Chi-Chee Iieartee breakee." " I saw you take it you false-swearing rogue 1" "Cbi-Chee never robbee people he lovee," replied the Chinaman, with a smile which threatened to sever his pig- tail. "Give me the money, or Til knock your head off 1" shouted his master, ] threateningly. "Kilee, killee, Chi-Chee; please killee Chi-Chee. But I never take the money!" screamed the yellow man' in piteous accents, falling on his face upon \- the floor of the kitchen. Mr. Clisson made a gesture of mingled amusement and disgust, and went away I leaving Chi-Chee still kneeling upon the floor waiting for his death-blow. When the yellow man looked up he i scrambled to his feet with a very dejected air, and looked round him. Satisfied that no one was watching him,he took off his left shoe and pulled three silver coins out of the toe, smiling in a depre- cating sort of way as he did so. The next moment a pair of strong arms seized him round the neck, f airly squeez- ing the breath out of his wind-nine. He fell in a hean noon the floor and looked up at Mr. Clisson in abject treror. But the next moment his presence of mind returned to him. "Foundee money, Mr. Clisson," said he, with one of his most ostentatious smiles. "Get up you son of a dog," replied his master, giving-him a nudge with his foot. " You can take the money as your wages, and go." Gol Chi-Chee go! Leave a place where he could w6teal more than he was paid? The idea was more than discon- certing ; it had every horror in it. Chi Chee had something which is rare among his people-a temper. True, his use for it was limited and unprofes- sional ; he could not strike nor use abra- sive language in his passions, they were too inward. The only indication of his temper was that he dropped his pigeon English and yauped eloquently in his native tongue. "Son of the Stars, send not thy vile scum of a servant away from this thy Celestial abode of peace and joy !" he jab- bered. "Make me thy door-mat, wipe up the dust of the earth with my unholy and contemptible carcase. But 6end me not beyond thy threshold. There is no peace for me where thou art not." "You go! I've had enough and to spare of your thieving ways," Mr. Clis- son replied, in the best Chinese he could /^r*m monti "Oh Warmth of the Sun," murmured Chi-Chee, " thou canst not send me from thee. Let me lire under the sole of thy exquisite boots ; let me curse my grand- parents in tile name of thy perfect lady, let dogs uproot the bodies of my father and mother, if I do not love thee more than the Empress-Queen.'' " That's enough ! Do your cursing and body-snatching ontside, if it's all the same to you." "Look how I adore those Sparks of Fire, thy children!" persisted Chi-Chee. "I cannot live beyond the verandah of thy house. ThiB vile scum will die, rot, and be dissipated to the four winds if you turn hun away." "Go on," said Mr. Clissan, getting the yellow man between himself and the door, and attempting to hustle him out of the apartment Chi-Chee fixed a startled gaze at some imaginary object out in the open space at the back of the house, and while Mr. Glisson was looking out of' the window to discover what the object might be, Chi-Chee picked up two spoons oír the table and slinped them into his pocket. This piece of strategy accomplished he sank his head upon his chest, and, drag- ging his feet wearily after him. slunk out of the house. . Mr. Clisson watched him pass down the road until he arrived at an opium-den, which ne entered hurriedly. "Mr. Clisson!" Heiookedin the opposite direction, and saw a young Englishman coming towards him. "Hullo, Brook ! Where did you spring fromP" "Nowhere in particular: but every- where in general, as far as I can judge. Fve been to practically every European in Tientsin this morning, and was com- ing to see you. The Boxers are up." ? "They ¿enerally are," Mr. Clisson re- plied, smiling. "If they are not doing one thing, they are planning something else." "But Tm afraid it's serious this time. They've been on an organised march now for some time, and nobody seems to have had any knowledge of the fact. There is no possible doubt that they have the moral snnport of Peking, and it only requires a little fighting between them and the Europeans to put the army in their van." "TJoon what are they marching?" "Tientsin, for one objective. And there Is-little chance of moving out in any direction than to Peking, and-" ''That's as dangerous as remaining j here, of course. Very sudden uprising, j isn't itP" "No. Ton see the movement has been in plan some time, but every^ step had been kept dark by the authorities as far as possible. It is'not until now, when they are practically at our doors, that we are officially warned." " Then the danger is imminent P" Mr. Brook nodded. " An ugly feature is that the forts at Taku have been heavily garrisoned within the last few days," he said. 'That means that Peking intends -to resist any European force which may attempt to more io the relief of Tientsin, and also to support the movement." *'W«j can do nothincr I suppose?" " Nothing but wait events, and clean any firearms you may have. If you have any more than you can use, you can pass them to those who are short. They'll be wanted, I reckon. I'll look round again if I hear of anything fresh." Mr. Brook went on his way, and Mr. Clisson went into the house, and, seek- j ing his young wife, told her by degrees of the danger that threatened. j The day wore on, and night began to descend. Rumours were travelling over Tientsin apace. Some one had heard . the sound of distant firing ; someone else ! thad caught sight of a great glare re- flected in the darkening sky. Someone had come into town with news of the bombardment of Taku forts by the fleets of Europe. Everyone had a sumour of his own, which no one else credited. There was no mistaking, however, that j an evil wind was springing up ; the truth j was to be seen in the face of every yellow j man who met a European ; a look of low, crafty exultation lit up every yel- low face, and the teeth that showed be- hind the grey lips, parted in smiles, seemed to flash a threat. The very air seemed heavy with the 6ense of impending danger, as if the slightest incident might set the heavens a-fire. Not many of the two hundred odd Europeans were to be seen in the streets; the majority preferred to re- main indoors, lest the look of fear which they could not keep from their faces ! should add fear to the troubled hearts of I others, and fan the spirit of revolt which was only too apparent in the natives of t.hn fnwn. The night "came down, dark, threaten ing, and sullen. The hush which crep over Tientsin seemed the stillness tha precedes a mighty crash of thunder. Th« town was waiting, wondering fron which direction the first sign of dangei would come. . . Mr. Clisson got un from the table ai which he had been sitting, vainly trying to write, and went to the door. Litth parties of whispering natives lounged it the shadows. A deathly stillness hung over everything. His attention was presently attracted to a group of four tall natives, lolling in the shadow of his house; and as he recognised one of the figures" it stepped towards him and grinned as only Chi Chee knew how to grin. "What are you doing here?" Mr. Clisson inquired, the ghost of a suspicion in his mind. "The evil day has come to this vile dog because ^ou sent him from you," Chi Chee replied, in his own tongue. "What evil day?" "When this contemptible and low-born offspring of a wild dog must see his friends and masters, the choice fruit of the earth, whose breath is like the sweet- ness of flowers, cut down before his very eyes." . "You think so, Chi-Chee?" "Lord of the Earth and King of the heart of the most noble lady that ever breathed of life, listen," said Chi-Chee. "Take me back into thy service, and I will gladly vive my life to serve and save thee, should the evil hour arrive. I have been talking with some noble brothers, who will help thee. Master of my con- temptible bodv. do thou take us. I pray thee, into thy house, and let us lose our lives in serving thee." " I am afraid I cannot accept quite ro much responsibility," replied Mr Clis- son, with a scornful smile. "Is that Chi?" said a voice over MB shoulder. He turned, and gave a war- ning glance to his wife. Chi-Chee grinned more broadly than ever at the beautiful young woman. "Bloom of the lilies, beseech th¿ mas- ter to take back again this vile worm, that I may help to serve you when the danger comes," said the yellow man. "Trust a native as you would a viper/' whispered Mr. Clisson to his wife in French. , " Chi is good at heart, I believe," she replied. " Such faith is suicidal at such a time as this, if acted upon," he returned. " No, I'll not take you in. My fellow countrymen are coming in their thou- sands to protect us, and to clear off the face of the earth such things as you, if harm comes to us." "I think you're unjust to him." Mrs. Clisson said. " What's that ?" The crack of a rifle sounded in the" dis- tance, in the direction of the open country. It was immediately repeated, and the repetition was taken up sharply bv dozens of other rifles. é ~Chi-Chee's grin faded away, and with a sign to his three friends, who stood silently by, he dashed into the house, with them closely following him. Mr. Clisson caught him round the waist and sought to opnose his passage. But it was in vain. The four natives sw.ept into the house and closed the en- trance door behind them, locking and barring it hastily. Mr. Clisson rushed into the front room, and picked up one of three revol- vers from me table. "Stop !" cried Ins wife. "Don't you see that they are here to protect us? Their very presence in this house con- demns .them in the Boxers' eyes ; and this is the sacrifice they are making for us." Mr. Clisson paused to the logic. But in a moment he saw further than she I did. "Yes, but if they do their worst with us before the Boxers arrive, they will have nothing to fear." "Light of the Sun," *ried Chi-Chee, "we are your watch-dogs." Mr. Clisson looked at his wife uneasily. The possible danger within his house seemed,to him worse than the probable danger from without; hut it was irre- movable now. To turn these men out in the street again was more than he could do, ii they had Ai-intentions -, and if they had not. then, for the hope of life and honour, let them stay. But he had little faith in Chinese loyalty and heroism. Meantime, the firing seemed to be go- ing round to a point of the outskirts of the town farther away ; but it had «lack ened, and it was perfectly manifest that the fighting force was a considerable one. After a time the four men threw themselves upon the floor close together, and made pretence to sleep. Presently Mrs. Clisson crept out of the room, with a warning glance at her hus- band, who made an attempt to resume his writing. A second or two later,, Chi-Chee woke, and crept out of the. room. Mr. Clis- son followed him down the passage into the kitchen. "Chi-Chee makee cookee food," said I the Chinese, with his inevitable smile. Mr. Clisson watched him distrustfully' for some time, but, being satisfied with the way Chi-Chee went about his occu- . pation, he sought his wife. She was un jstairs dressing the two fair-haired chil- dren. "We must get to the Consulate some- how/' he said. "We ought to have cone straight there. We cannot hope to hold out'here if attacked, much less if, as I suspect, these heathens have evil de- signs." "Very well," she replied auietly. '1 shall be ready in ten minutes." "As you come into the room, pick up one of the revolvers," he said. "And do not hesitate to use it, if occasion arises." He went downstairs again. Chi-Chee was still busy in the kitchen, and the other three were still asleep upon the floor, just as he had left them. Mr. Clisson pushed one of the revolvers to a corner of the table, where his wire could pick it up as she entered the room, without attracting attention. Soon she came down, and with the re- volver hidden in the folds of her skirt, she sank into a chair, and smiled bravely at her husband, who was occupying himself in tying up a few papers and putting them into his pocket. When he had done, this, he called Chi Chee. who came into the room «mîtîrig oraftily. "We are going to the British Consu- late," said Mr. Clisson, whereat the three slumberers awoke, and listened atten- tively, 'if you care to come with your friends, I oan promise you protection from the Boxers ; if not, you can remain "You must not go away," replied Chi Chee, at which the three Chinese wriggled into sittino- posturea. ."Whynot? We shall be safe there un- til our countrymen arrive." "The dog-faced infidel that calls Chi Chee a thief shall not see safety," re-, turned Chi-Chee. i The three Chinese scrambled to their feet, and stood watching Mr. Clisson, who picked up a revolver m each hand. "Cl Lárice," he said, turning, pale bufe calm, to bis wife, "fetch the children, will you?" _He followed her to the door, and stood, with his back to it, to prevent her being .followed. Chi-Chee made a step towards bim, at which he raised his revolver, and unhesitatingly pulled the trigger. It clicked ominously, and the yellow faces grinned. Mr. Clisson understood instantly why Chi-Chee had drawn him out of the room-, that the others should extract the cartridges from the revolvers. Clisson clenched his teeth, and took the revolvers by the barrels to HBO them as life-preservers. He struck Chi-Chee, who rushed at him, on the jaw and laid him low. Another rushed at him, and reeled to the floor, groaning with a - crack in his skull. The other two were waiting to disentangle knives from their belts ; and then they rushed at him with the fury of wild beasts. Clisson sprang aside, and, as he did so, aimed-a heavy blow at the Chinese nearer him, but the blow glanced off the fellow's head, merely tearing the cartil- age of his ear, whic honly maddened, hun. By this time Chi-Chee had recovered himself, and Clisson had three desperate savages to face, and he was hampered by tiie presence of his wife, who ran screaming into the room. . , "Seize her" said one of the men to Chi Chee, and the ex-servant at once acted upon the advice. , Beating off, with the revolver in his left hand, the blows aimed at him, Clis- son succeeded in backing towards Chi Chee, and by an adroit movement, felled him to the floor. But-at that same mo- ment one of bis antagonists wounded him in the left arm, rendering it useless. ' Mrs. Clisson, freed of Chi-Chee, picked np the lamp and flung it with consider- able force into the face of the Chinese who was just in the act of getting his knife between her husband's ribs ; and the next moment, with clothing aflame, he had sprung through the window, ana. gone howling down the street. The lightly-constructed house was also in flames in a moment, and the re- maining yeUow-faee, paled to sickly white, had fled after his flaming brother. "Look out !' cried Mr. Glisson, as Chi- , " v Chee staggered to bis feet at her side. - "Get out of the house and make for th* Consulate! I'll see to the children." Tere - ~ rifled by the flames she rushed into tuft' passage, but she could not consider the instinct of self- preservation while she could hear her babies crying upstairs. The Clissons' was one of the feat1 houses in Tientsin built with .two floortv and in circumstances like tiie present . the top storey was nothing but a death« trap, for the flames followed her as sha flew upstairs, and by the time she hadl hugged the children to her bosom ana returned to the little landing her sighji could not penetrate the flames anv smoke rising up from the staircase. But she bravely went down, a child under J each arm, resting upon her hips. At the third step from the bottom,, the stairs gave way under her. But Mr.; Clisson was there to catch her ; and he* dragged her out into the fresh MTV where Mr. .Brook and two Bnropauw were standing. T»H«'ng to know if they could be of any assistance. "Yes; take them to the Consulafi for the love of Heaven!" cried Clisson, scorched and faint. "Til follow in » moment." , They took her awav. and scot ^er to the Gonsulate in safety, with her two children. - ^ c ç " CUssori dashed back into -the flaming .'. "house, and fought his way into the sib* -' ting-room. . ''Chi-Chee!"" he cried, "where are you?" '"Oh iàght of the Sun, I'm here," re- plied a weak voice, in Chinese. "Oh take mercy on me, and help me away." Clisson stooped down and clutched at the figure at his feet. He caught hold of the smouldering clothes of the Chinese, and dragged him out into the passage. He stumbled towards the door, but at the threshold, weak, faint, bleed . ing, stifled and choking, he sank upon his knees, and as he fell Chi-Chee pressed a long knife into bis master's . side, up to the hilt, muttering a blessing as he did so. ¿uid the next instant the charred re r mains of the little house fell down upon f the two of them, casting a cloud of . sparks up into the black sky.-From the \- liondon "Illustrated Mail." 