THE CLARENCE RIVER THE NOBLEST WATERWAY IN AUSTRALIA. GRAFTON— "THE QUEEN CITY OF THE NORTH." SOCIAL LIFE AND COMMERCIAL PROGRESS. SOME INTERESTING EARLY REMINISCENCES. (BY OUR, SPECIAL COMMISSIONER, 'KILLEEVY.') IMPRESSIONS OF GRAFTON. Why the Clarence River has not heretofore been placed on the Tourists' Route is a question which cannot be satisfactorily answered. Possibly, the Clarenceites are themselves to blame in being too modest to push forward the claims of their beauti- ful river. But, be that as it may, that the river merits the distinction there is not the slightest doubt in the mind of the writer. I have visited the rivers of Australia, all having their special styles of beauty, but as a majestic and noble waterway the Clarence is incomparably before them all. I shall not easily forget my first impressions of Grafton, landing, as I did, in the evening at the south side. The sun was sinking to rest, and 'The hill, the vale, the tree, the tower, Glowed with the tints of evening's hour.' I was asked to go on to Wilson's Hill, so as to ob- tain a good view, and the effect was superb. Look- ing first down the river towards Susan Island the majestic stream resembled more a lake than a river, its calm surface only ruffled by the ferry boats pur- suing the course backwards and forwards, the up and down river boats, with a few oarsmen out for FISHER PARK AND RECREATION GROUND an evening spin; but the whole surface of the river and its foliaged banks was bathed in a flood of liv- ing fire reflected in the convent windows and houses along the banks, glinting through the um- brageous foliage on Susan Island, then sinking to rest, and twilight mellows and softens all the land- scape. Susan Island, with its varied garb of dark green and russets and brown, with the surface of the waters a Tyrian purple, the hills in the dis- tance, a dark mass with patches of bright green cultivation, all make up a scene picturesque and beautiful. And I could not help thinking of the words in which Bryant apostrophized the Hudson — " River ! in this still hour thou hast Too much of heaven on earth to last, For long may thy still waters lie, An image of the glorious sky. Thy fate and mine are not repose, And ere another evening close, And I to seek the crowd of men.' Grafton is particularly unfortunate in that you cannot get a good view of the town. There are no hills nearer than Wilson's Hill in South Grafton, and the view is impeded by the remarkable growth of the trees. The tower and spire of the Presby- terian church, one of the finest buildings in the city, stand out prominently, and almost every thing else is buried in foliage, with per- haps, the exception of the red walls of her Majesty's gaol in the distance. Proceeding, however, to North Grafton, I find, without exag- geration, the most prolific growth of trees in any town in Australia. Double rows in every street, Victoria-street especially looking beautiful, and as the jacaranda alternates with the evergreens, the magnificent purple clusters of the former seen on every hand — in main and side streets, in gardens public and private — lend a brightness to the sur roundings which was most pleasing. Although sometimes almost enveloping the public buildings, the trees afford a cool and refreshing shade in the hot summer months. The town is well laid out, for which, I believe, a Melbourne surveyor is responsible; the streets being wide. The only drawback is that the main street is badly formed, which no doubt the Council will soon remedy. All the banking companies which have branches in the main street have splendid buildings. And the same may be said of the hotels, mostly two-storied ; the Examiner newspaper office, Council Chambers, A.M. P. Society's office', Gerard and Co.'s magnificent new stores. Then the ecclesiastical structures, especially the Presby terian church and the Catholic convent. A DRIVE AROUND, Owing to the kindness of Sergeant M'Cormack, Mr. C. Duggan, Mr. Morrissey, Mr. Small, and others, I was afforded plenty of opportunities of seeing the town and its surroundings. On all sides you meet with handsome private houses, set in pretty gardens, sometimes the villas and cottages BIRD'S-EYE VIEW OF NORTH GRAFTON FROM WILSON'S HILL being almost embowered in foliage, reminding one of the popular Scotch bard's lines— ' When glinting thro' the trees appeared The wee white cot aboon the mill.' The fine residence (two story) of Grafton's clever solicitor, Fred M'Guren, with its park-like sur roundings, is worthy of notice. The hospital, with splendid garden and lawn, her Majesty's gaol, the Ladies' Benevolent Institution, are all pointed out. Fisher Park, with its beautifully-appointed cricket and football grounds, grand stand and rotunda, flower gardens, all combine to make up a fine pic- ture. And now a word about SOUTH GRAFTON, which lies on the opposite bank of the river. I have already spoken of the lovely river views obtained from here. The great new stores of J. T. M'Kittrick stand out most prominently, and can be seen for miles either up or down the river. South Grafton is going ahead, and as nearly all the rural popula- tion, the bone and sinew of a town, are on this side sanguine and enthusiastic, South Graftonites pre- dict that it will one day eclipse the north side. In Catholic matters things are certainly on the up- ward grade, for South Grafton is now formed into a separate parish. But of this more anon. Besides the School of Arts and the Sister of Mercy's School, there are a few nice residences. Morris- sey's, on the river bank, is a fine two-story build- ing; Mr. J. T. M'Kittrick's, who has a beautiful home and garden ; and there are a few on Wilson s Hill, and Dr. Kearney's place, which is most Arcadian in appearance. That which formerly used to be the main street of South Grafton has the same fine growth of trees which characterizes North Grafton. Here, as in the northern portion, the trees are closely planted and form a beautiful avenue, the branches almost meeting overhead. Although two separate muni- cipalities, North and South Grafton are reckoned as one town. THE HON. JOHN SEE, M.P. FOR GRAFTON THINGS GENERALLY. Now although Grafton owes its beauty and pic- turesqueness to its wonderful growth of tree and plant life, I venture to assert that the town should not have been built where it is, for it is situated on the magnificent alluvial flats of the river, on soil which would grow anything, which accounts for the prolific growth of everything. The people have thus deprived themselves of thousands of acres of splendid farming land which could have been uti- lized to add to the wealth of the place, if the town had been established where it should have been, down the river, say about Mountain View. Here they would be out of reach of floods, and have all the river flats producing wealth; and now that I have mentioned the productive capacity of the land, I must give an account of the Material Progress Of The District, Previously to arriving in Grafton I was led to believe that the Clarence had very little available land, except various strips of river flats, and no back country to speak of. Well, I have travelled Aus-. tralia, and there are not many better districts for mixed farming and dairying. Let the following few . Facts and Figures tell their own tale of the money value of the pro- ducts grown on the Clarence River — : Maize, sugar-cane, and potatoes are largely grown, and this year better returns have been obtained than for many years past. Cereal crops accounted for half-a-million bushels, with high prices. The sum netted from maize by the farmers amounted last year to £90,000, the potato crops brought in from £25,000 to £30,000. Although the late crops were much affected by dry weather, £20 to £30 an acre was made, and the land afterwards planted with maize. Butter made by the Fresh Food and Ice Company alone, and sold at 9d a pound, represented £45,000, and by private separators and dairies not connected with creameries and factories to about £50,000. Poultry, eggs, and fowls sent away realized £3000 a month, or £36,000 for the year. With re- gard to dairying, it is, so to speak, only in its infancy here, and the beneficent effects are already felt, and farmers on the Lower Clarence, who have been struggling against the vicissitudes of floods and un- certain yields and have gone back, are now escaping from the shackles of the financial institutions, and becoming independent. Even at the present time I regard the Clarence as one of the soundest districts in the colony, and it would surprise the visitor to take a trip round and see the number of prosperous farmers and fine homesteads. Con Duggan gave me a drive along the river bank to Southgate and A BIT OF VICTORIA-STREET, GRAFTON back by the main road, and we met with some splendid farms- H. Banner's (who averages about £40 a month from his dairy), S. Cameron, H. Ger- rard (who has a fine pineapple plantation), H. M'Laughlin, J. M'Donald (a good, honest, sturdy Scotchman). Then we came round on to Egan's and M'Cormack's. The older generation of the Egans have passed away, but have left good stock behind, who are working the farm well. Mr. M. M'Cormack is a splendid specimen of an Irishman, a man of intelligence and probity, who will always strive to uphold the honour of his native land. Mr. M'Cormack has not had the best of luck since he commenced farming, floods, etc., having frequently robbed him of the fruits of his labour, but now he is getting on his feet properly. Mr. M'Cormack goes in for dairying, and is a director of one of the butter factories. Proceeding from here to O'Far- rell's, of the local hotel, we had the pleasure of meeting a good all-round Irish family, most exemplary Catholics and thorough patriots. Mr. O'Farrell has done very well, and besides the hotel owns a good bit of land. The next place was Donoghue's, but unfortunately he was absent. However, he has a splendid farm. And now we come to Mr. Larry Ryan, a good, honest, true hearted son of the Emerald Isle, who would give his last farthing to help a fellow creature, and those generous propensities have kept our friend back for some years ; but now the out- look is brighter, and possessing a good farm and fine, strapping, manly sons to help him, Larry's prospects are all right. Most of these farms are on Alumny Creek, and my trip, which was fraught with great interest, took me through other places — W. Gulli- ford's, J. Quinn's, J. Duggan, senior, F. Norman's, Leeson's, W. Boothby (who has a sugar- mill), and R. Doust, the last-named having a splendid place. And now a word about one of the best Irishmen I have come across, a characteristic type of the old school. I allude to Mr. Tarrant, arid I must also mention Mrs. Tarrant. This grand old couple have not only maintained the true Irish and Catholic spirit, but have imparted it to their sons and daugh- ters, and I must say they are models for most of our natives to copy. The Tarrants are prosperous, and they deserve it. Another farming centre is Carr's Island, of which you get a splendid prospect from Mountain View, and looking down you might say with the poet— "Sweet interchange of all that charms In groves, meads, dingles, rivulets, farms.' . A closer view discloses the farms of R. Barnier. Cyrus Everingham, P. L. Schafer, Mrs. Paine, P. O'Shanassy, Steve Paine, Thornton, and others, The soil here is rich. The farms of Crispin and Ford deserve special mention. The former took first prize for potatoes against the whole of the co-. lony, and as showing the quality of the soil I may mention that maize here gave a yield as high as ten bushels to the acre. It is astonishing the number of farmers I came across who are independent men. They have nothing to trouble them, no hostile tribes or foreign nations waging war against them. The farmer can " Eat in safety, Under his own vine, what he plants; and sing The merry songs of peace to all his neighbours." A great many of our city business people would cer- tainly like to change places with some of them, al- though for the matter of that those farmers have had their trials in the past with floods and financial institutions. On the way back we saw J. Duggan, junior, cut- ting his crop of lucerne, which is almost in the town, and grows prolifically. Mr. Duggan is a good stamp of a native, and is sure to become one of Grafton's prosperous citizens. OUT BY THE JUNCTION Another trip the writer took was out by the Junc- tion on to Mountain View. We of course called to see Dan Collins and his wife, who are amongst the wealthiest people about Grafton, and they have done it all by hard work. Both are good, patriotic Milesians. They keep their hotel in splendid order. Close to Collins's is Buckley's, and also a little fur- ther down Mr. Duggan (an old subscriber to the Freeman), who has one of the best farms in the dis- trict, has put together a competence and can retire at any time. Mr. Duggan is a true Irishman of the unobtrusive order. I have already spoken of Mountain View, which discloses a beautiful pano- ramic scene of the river, with its precipitous banks. The flats "But there soft-swept in velvetgreen, The plain with many a glade between.' And mingled with the scenery the clear spaces show the various farms, the different tints of green indicating the various crops. Visitors to Grafton should not fail to pay Mountain View a visit. A TRIP TO SEELANDS, ETONSVILLE, AND ORARA. On the way out you pass over some indifferent land; but approaching the Orara (a tributary of the Clarence) you meet with some good farms, and I had the pleasure of a chat with old Mr. Morrissey, who has a fine farm. Mr. Morrissey is a great Greek and Irish scholar, and is well informed on most matters. I was sorry I did not have more time at my disposal. Mrs. Morrissey is a sister of Father M'Guinness, of Moree. From here I went to see the Orara River, which poor Henry Kendall has dedicated a poem to, and which I might as well give. ORARA. The strong sob of the chafing stream, That seaward fights its way, Down crags of glitter, dells of gleam, Is in the hills to- day. But far and-faint a gray-winged form Hangs where the wild lights wane — The phantom. of a bygone storm, A ghost of wind and rain. The soft white feet of afternoon Are on the shining meads, The breeze is as a pleasant tune Amongst the happy reeds. The fierce, disastrous flying fire That made the great caves ring, And scarred the slope, and broke the spire, Is a forgotten thing. . The air is fu'.l of mellow sounde, The wet hill-heads are bright. And down the fall of fragrant grounds The deep ways flame with light. A rose-red space of stream I see Past banks of tender fern; A radiant brook unknown to rm Beyond its upper turn. The singing silver life I hear, v . Whose home is in the green, ?— . ? - ??'?' ?- Far-folded woods of fountains clear, - Where I have never been. Ah, brook above the upper bend, I often long to stand Where you in soft, cool shades descend ? From the untrodden land ! Ah, folded woods, that hide the grace Of moss and torrents strong, I often wish to know the face Of that which sings your song ! But I may linger long and look Till night is over all ; My eyes will never see the brook, Or sweet, strange waterfall. The world is round me with its beat, , ; And toil and cares that tire ; - I cannot with my feeble feet Climb after my desire. But, on the lap of lands unseen, Within a secret zone, ', There shine diviner gold and green \ ... ' .- ... Than man has ever known. go^-And where ;.the silver waters sing ,, Down hushed and holy dells, j The flower of a celestial spring— .;' A tenfold splendour dwells. Yea, in my dream of fall and brook By far sweet forests.furled, I see that light for which I look In vain through all the world. The glory of a larger sky On slopes of hills sublime, That speak with God and morning, high Above the ways of Time ! i Ah ! haply in this sphere of change, ; Where shadows spoil the beam, - It would not do to climb that range, And test my radiant dream .; The slightest glimpse of yonder place, ?—?'-? ; Untrodden and alone, j Might wholly kill that nameless grace,. ... , The charrc of the unknown. And, therefore, though I look and long, ? Perhaps the lot is bright ; . : ? Which keeps the river of the song, i! '. ; A beauty out of sight, ? ?? ''''- ' .*' While here visitors should not fail to visit Gordon Brook rapids, and the gorge and waterfall. Returning, I proceeded across the river to see Pat Morrissey, who has a beautifully-situated home stead overlooking the river, and gigantic ornamental shade trees give the place a fine appearance. Mr. Morrissey, who is one of the beat and scraightest of men, and a thorough Catholic, is bringing his family up well. The farm is a good one, and Mr. Morrissey sits secure behind a good bank balance. On this side is 'also John Kennedy, another good and patriotic Irishman, who Las not forgotten the old land, and I am pleased to record that he is also among the successful ones, and can take things a bit easy. Mrs. Kennedy also hails from the Eme- rald Isle, and has been a big factor in building their fine home. Others on the trip whom I called on were D. Bayne and John Dunne, but regretted missing Mr. M'Evoy, the school teacher, My hospit able friends kept me till it was too late. I heard, however, good accounts of Mr. M'Evoy, and mine was the lo&s; in not meeting him. MR. F. M'GUREN, SOLICITOR Approaching South Grafton on the way back we name across numerous families cf the Lynches, 'father and sons-. Ail have separate places, and I could not help remarking their attractive and pretty homes, and the neat appearance of the dairies and cultivated lands Mr. Russell has also a nice place, as also Mr. Walker. Mrs. Walker is a daughter of our old and staunch friend, M. O'Keefis. The Walkers go in very extensively for dairying, and have about the best herd in the dis trict, they having introduced the Jersey strain. They are very popular, and during my stay in Grafton I was present at a party there, when all the neighbourhood came to do them honour. THE MANUFACTURING INDUSTRIES. I have shown the great strides dairying has made, and is making, in the GrBfton district, and one of the most important factors in the increase of wealth in this direction has been the enterprizing efforts of The N.S.W. Fkesh Food and Ice Co,, Limited, a photo of whose extensive establishment we give in this number. Here everything is most interest ing and instructive, and outsiders — and even Grafton people — have little idea of the magnitude of the work going on. The factory itself ' goes back about one hundred and twenty feet, and is forty feet feet high. Most of the cream from five co-operative creamerirs is hauled by an endless chain up the cream-room at the rate of 80 cans per hour. Everything in the manipulation is as near automatic as possible. The churn-room itself is fitted up with four of Evenden'e lightning churns with cold water connections into each. When churned the butter is run into an iron pot and lifted by means of an IXL ejector to a receiving tank outside the building. The water for churning purposes is cooled by a Lawrence cooler at the rate of 800 gab. per hour. The output of butter is now about 18 tons per week The factory is installed throughout with electric light, which was fitted up at the opening three years ago. All the company's creameries, on the Clarence are fitted up with Pas teurizing plants and Alpha Separators. As it may be of interest to our readers to know how the pigs are fixed up, I will give a brief description of what they are doitig at Musk Valley. Here eight or nine pigs are run into a race, a chain is hitched on to the hind leg of a pig, he iB hauled up by a pulley, two men natch hold of each leg, the slaughter man pops on the knife, and the pig is run on gatnbrels to the Bcalding-trough. The dead pig quickly bleeds and is then lowered into the water and hauled out on to a table and then scraped, hauled up again, run into a furnace for about 20 second?, run out again and Bhot into a cooling tank ; hauled up again, skin scraped off, and finally sent on gambrels to the cooling-rooms, then put into cloths and sent to the curing factory. The whole process of putting through a dozen pigs not taking more than an hour. Altogether it is astonishing the strides this com pany has made since it was opened by Lord Hamp den on the 26th April. 1896. The weekly turnout of butter was only 67561bs., and two tons of bacon. . Now it totals 25*946 1 bs. of butter, and five tons of bacon. They receive the supply of six co-operative creameries, ten of the company's creameries, and RIGHT REV. DR DOYLE, BISHOP OF GRAFTON twenty-nine private suppliers. These have a radius ' from the central works of 45 miles south-east, 30 ] north-east, 25 west, and 35 east. All butter is paid for according to grade of quality produced, but with Pasteurized butter the company give Jd per.lb. extra, a system adopted only by them in the colony. To show the operations of the company, and the good it is doing to the district, I might state that £20,000 of capital has been invested on the river, ; and about f 65,000 is annually distributed. Mr, Geo. S. Stening, a young man of exceptional ability and business acumen, manages the whole . affair, and as Mr. Stening is a colonial, I record , the fact of a young Australian being placed at the j head of such a large company with the greatest CONVENT OF MERCY, GRAFTON, satisfaction, and I hope many more will follow in his footsteps. MR. T. MORRISSEY'S COACH AND BUGGY FACTORY. The fame of Mr. Thoma3 Morrissey's buggies and waggons has spread far and wide, and a glance over his establishment at South Grafton is of inter est. Here are vehicles of all descriptions, from the humble dray to the stylish landau. Indeed Mr. Moirissey prides himself on being ab'e to turn out any style of vehicle, and to give satisfaction in every department. Whilst looking over the premises I was shown a waggon just completed, everything having been done in a few days. In the showroom are some splendid buggies and sulkies beautifully finished, a tine staff of workmen being employed in turning them out well. And this fact is em phasized by the large number ti prizes taken, the . works being covered with prize-tickets won at Armidale, Glen Innee, Grafton, and other places. ?Mr. Morriesey has been eminently successful in his business, and he justly deserves his success, for he has worked hard. Now, besides his business, he is a large property owner, is the proprietor of one of the principal hotels here, has a fine two-story private residence, overlooking the charming Clarence River. CLARENCE RIVER DAIRYMEN'S ASSO CIATION. As the above Association is doing good work here, a word or two about its objects and operations might not be out of place. The object of the Asso tiaiton is to help all classes connected with dairying. All milk suppliers to the F. F. and I. Company are members of the Association, which has 13 branches at the following places: Grafton, Southampton, Brushgrove, Copmanhurst, Whiteman Creek, CJold Btreatn, Lawrence, Palmer's Island, Lower Southgate, Cbateworth, Coutt's Crossing, Livadia, and South Arm, representing altogether about 330 members, including representatives of private separators. Mr. G. H Varley is the pre3ident, and D. Bart'ie v. . vice-president. That the Association is.doing good practical work there can be no doubt, and it is the intention of the executive to further enlarge its scope and increase its usefulness. At the present time the subject of Pasteurization on a general scale is engaging the attention of its members, although I believe it was some cf the dairy enthusiasts here who helped to make Mr. O'Callaghan such an ardent advocate of the system. A very useful thing here in connection with dairy ing is the institution of a Dairy Herd Book by the Clarence P. and A. Soc'ety. From what I can see. dairying on the Clarence is likely to assume veiy' large prcportionB in the r.ear future. OTHER INSTITUTIONS. I have already mentioned the Grafton Hospital, which is beautifully situated, but as far as interior arrangements and conveniences for working is capable of improvement. However, there are 22 beds, and last year 649 patients were treated, 252 in-patients, and 397 out-patients. There are five nurses. Miss (Joghlan is matron, two paid medical officers receiving £100 each, and two honorary medical officers. Patients here have also the privilege of having either of the medical officers. The gaol here, too, is a great institution, and is an immense building ; but as the writer has been in most of the gaols (officially, of course) of the colony, I did not trouble to go through. MATTERS EDUCATIONAL. Whi'st at Grafton the opportunity was afforded me, as elsewhere, of visiting the various schools. The Sisters of Mercy have charge of the convent, and have undoubtedly the best situation in Grafton, being built high up and on a point which comr mands a perfect view of the magnificent river, with its ferry-boat (the Ruby or the Una) crowded with passengers, cutting through the water at a rapid rate. From here, too, the river can be seen when the sun has sunk to rest and ' Evening's dusky car Crowned with her dewy star, Steals o'er the fading sky in shadowy flight,' and the lights twinkle on the river. The convent itself is set in picturesque grounds, and is a good two-story building, with healthy dor mitories fo* boarders. The new schoolroom for the primary school is a spacious structure, splendidly built and lofty and roomy ; and they have a very large number of children attending. The children of both the High and the Primary schools went through an entertainment for the writer which was highly pleasing ; and in the artists' section I was not a little surprised at the talent displayed. I was given a similar treat at South Grafton, and was equally pleased, the discipline here being exsellent. I could not help being touched with the little cour tesies shown me by the pupils. Altogether it is highly gratifying to find such exce'lent schools, and it is to be hoped the parents will assist the Sisters in the good work of implanting the best ideas in the minds and hearts of the children. The writer had a'so an invitation to visit the Superior Public school, Mr. Ray head teacher. There were 700 children attending, and it speaks well for the prosperity of the district when I say that- all were well dressed and happy locking. Mr. Ray, who is an excellent teacher, hai got the best of results here, and in secondary education he h88 met^with exceptional success. Last year he sent 16 pupils up for the University examinations, and all passed. Mr. Ray, I might Btate, is a man of parts, and in my opinion is one of the best all-round men in the colony. Asa teacher, he ii also a fine aitist, and a9 an entertainer there is not a batter amateur in the colonies, and on top of all this, he is one of the best fellows you can meet. But I was speaking of the school. The girls' department is presided over by Miss Marks, with Miss Carlton first as extant. The Hon. George Reid paid a visit to this school, and paid a high compliment to the teaching staff. THE DEBATING SOCIETY. This will also come under the heading of educa tional. I must say that I was highly pleased with the interest displayed in this department. Whether it was the personal charm of the members or not I cannot say, but I found the number of ladies at tending to listen to the debates, etc , outnumbered the men by three to one. However, while admit ting the attractiveness of the members, I believe the ladies attended with the sole desire of gaining knowledge. This opens up a question which is very vaguely understood by the people who are engaged in discussion on the subject. So far, I am opposed to womanhood suffrage, but I believe in women being educated and partici pating in intellectual engagments. D'E embert, in his 'JEuvres Philosphiques,' sums up the whole thing ' How often,' he says, ' have we experienced a power in mental culture and the exercise of our talents to withdraw us from our calamities, and to console us in our sorrows. Why then refuse to the more amiable half of the species destined to .share with us the ills of exist ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH, M1CLE1N. terice the so'sce best ailed to enable them to be endured?'' The subject could of course be deve loped to an indefinite length, but the foregoing will suffice to show what I am aiming at. But coming back to the Debating Society. Dr. Henry is the president, and he is gentleman eminently suited for the position, witb i remarkably critical mind, courteous in debate, and possessing s great grasp cf all subjects. Mrs. Hemy, who is a tine exponent of Shakespeare, also takes the greatest interest in the society. Mr. Bon field and Mr. Johnson are the chief debaters. The writer lad the pleasure cf giving a lecture on ?? Australian Poetry' to the members and friends, and had the satisfaction of knowing that it was appreciated. CATHOLIC AFFAIRS. It will be seen by our illustrators that the Catholics have not been behind here. I have spot en frequently of the splendid Catholics in Queensland, and I may say the same about the Clarence. The prigsts haye splendid material tp work upon. South. Grafton is about to become a parish, and they will have a priest of their own, and the same applies to Cowper. Father Doyle, brother of Dr. , Doyle, is the parish priest, with Father Kiely assisting. Since inditing the above, Father Corcoran (from Liemore) has been appointed to South Grafton and Cowper. REV. D. J. DOYLE, P.P. GRAFTON There is a fine branch of the A.H.C. Guild at Grafton, and as it was the only lociety of the kind in the whole of the diocese at the time of writing, it speaks wel for tl.e Catholic spirit here. Most of the members are native-born Australians. Mr. Mullan was the president, and Mr. M. Larney secretary. IN THE DOMAIN OF SPORT. The Clarence people like sport. They have two jockey clubs, two pony clubs, and two rowing clubs, this being the head centre of the North Coa9t Rowing Association. At the annual meeting of the Clarence River Jockey Club about £500 is given in prize money, there being two cup handicaps on the first day of £100 each and one on the second day of £100. Regattas are held annually in which the leading oarsmen of the colony compete. THE LUNGS OF THE CLARENCE. Pisnic and Other Resort3. From the foregoing it will be seen that the Clar ence people believe fondly in the axiom, '? Ml work and no play makes Jack a dull boy,' and in noplace in Australia have I seen outdoor amusement carried out to such an extent as on the Clarence; I never saw such a place for picnic parties. Every Sunday morning drags loaded with pleasure- seekers are to be seen going out to the various picnic resorts— and these are numerous— nearly all, however, are on the south side, and Jack O'Kuffe, the proprietor of the lively and bait stables, is kept going. Bawden Bridge is perhaps the most fancied of the resorts, and is truly a pretty place, with the bridge itself rolling its wooded waves away with secluded nooks, where lovers may while awoy the hours secure from the geze of the maddir g ciowd. Coutt's Crossing about nine miles out, also an ideal place for a picnic. Here you have umbrageous copse and velvet lawn, and also several most romantic spots for the amorous swain. Then there is Cham bigne further out on the Glen Innes-road, 14 miles from Grafton, a beautiful place, with its avenue of palms and fernB, but on account of the distance not much availed of The same applies to Glenugie Peak, out Woolgoolga way. Up the river towards Copmanhurst is another favourite resort called Moleville. A TRIP TO COPMANHURST. The opportunity having been given the writer of a trip to Copmauhurst I gladly availed myself of it. The party was organized by Mr. 'Ray. head teacher of the Superior Public School, to give a concert in aid of the Church of England at Copmanhurst, the company including Mr. and Mrs. Donaldson, Mrs. Ray. Miss Bawden, Mr. Stevenson, and others, and we were indeed a merry party. The trip, too, was delightful — the scenery along the river beautiful. 'We had a steam launch, and as we glided along gazing on the end less variety of scenes I could not help thinking of Ruskin's lines — 'For changing still, and still so fair, Bock, wave, and wood were mingled there.'* It was, however, as we approached our destination, and the country became precipitous that we felt the full charm of the scene. Here we had ' Peak over peak fantastic ever, . The lofty crags deep chasms sever, And on its Bide the cliffs between I Were mazy forests ever seen.' | The sun, too, was setting just as we reached Cop manhurst, an.d although friendly hands were there to we'eome us and take, us away, I was loth to leave, for the scene was one not to be forgotten in a time. ... We were now in the hands of the Copmanhurtt people, and they treated U9 royally. I hare b?en on a (good many concert trips in all parts of Aus tralia, but have never been treated better. They had a magnificent dinner awaiting us and the peop'e themselves waited on U3. A respectable and well- conducted aud ence greeted us at the con cent. Supper after cor.csrt, toisis c roplimentary speeches, farewell cheer*, and the launch glides cut again, and we are on our way back. It was three in the morning when we landed in Graflcn, but we had a happy time. COWPER, SHOWING CONVENT AND R.C. CHURCH On the summer nights recreation and fresh air are taken, by the townsfolk in the ferryboats ; the new boat, the Una, beingj a comfortable little steamer. You can get a weekly ticket for 4d, and that takes you backwards and forwards day and night. The trip is about half a mile across. In the afternoon hundreds go across to Susan Island; and on the hot nights, as I say, they go to and fro, and invariably j stay on the boats. The charm of the trip is i heightened, too, sometimes by music, when one of I the finest bauds in country (Jordan's Band, I might call it) turns out in front of the Crown Hotel, or on the Houlevardt — the Boulevards, no less! You don't know half the grand p'aces Grafton possesses yet. .riut wi-.h regard to the band. I was quite enchanted wi'.h their playing, and predict, as 1 did of Lismore, they will carry off a big prize at Sydney rr Baihurst next year. However, Grafton people take full advantage of their noble riyer. It is really the main thoioughfare the traffic is so great, and must hi reckoned as part of the town, Besides the lesort mentioned, Elizabeth Is1 and is the chief re creation ground, pavilions being erected for sports; and no prettier picnic ground could be found in the colony. Alipon Creek abuts on this, where there are some enchpnting little epotp, but it would take a week to tell of all the lovely little places. A PEEP INTO THE PAST. I find that I have so much interesting matter to write about that I will only be able to give a brief reference to the past. My only reason, indeed, for doing so at all is merely to, firstly, by comparison to show the progress which has been made in a decade, and secondly, that by the mention of a few names of the early pioneers, and what they were doing in the pre-historic days, the chord of me mory may be touched, and scenes long forgotten may be recalled by those who have survived the trials and the hardships of the early times. Dur ing my stay on the Clarence I had a chat with Mr. Small and Mr. Jacobs, of Grafton, and Mr. Whelan, of Cowper, and had arranged to put in an evening with the first named, but a family bereavement un fortunately took me away from Grafton unex pectedly, and I was unable to fulfil the engagement. Mr. Jacobs, however, has a remarkable memory for dates and events, and it is very interesting to listen to him. They all remember when the greater por tion of Grafton was a dense scrub of cedar and pine, the only sounds to break the stillness night be ing the corroborees of the dusky aboriginals, who were about in great numbers ; and in the daytime gay-plumaged regent and satin and lyre birds and wonga pigeons flitted about, enlivening the solitary cedar-getters' camp with their music. Mr. Hewitt* father of T. Hewitt, of Lismore, was one of the first to enter into business where the mill is, and Sharp had also a hotel and store. Then J. T. Jones' Royal followed where Sault's is now. I am now dealing with the formation of the town, but previous to this it is recorded that a man named Craig discovered the river. The latter was a Orown prisoner, and ran away from Port Maequarie, and after various vicissitudes j stumbled upon the Clarence, found rich pasture I lands and cattle which had evidently escaped from I the Government, rolling fat. As a reward for his discovery and the finding of the cattle, he received j a free pardon. I j OLD RESIDENTS. i Amongst the old pioneers was Thomas Bawden, who came over with Dr. Dobie in 1842 to form a station now known as Gordon Brook, owned by the Hon. T. H. Smith, M.L C. The late Thomas . Reeee also came with Dr. Dobie and the late Hon. E. D. Ogilvie to take up Yougelba. The Cowan family, too, arrived about this time. That old war rior, William Small, was amongst the old residents. Beyond the allotted span of three score and ten, the old man, hale and hearty, now in the night time of his life, presents a picturesque figure. Standing upon the threshold of the Shadowland, but with smiling face and intellect unimpaired, and memory excel lent, he can look back with pride and pleasure on the dim and distant past, the pleasure possibly tinged with sadness, when he thinks rf old companions who have fallen in the fight, and have bpen peace fully laid to rest in God's Acre So should it be. The old man has seen the dark days of the river in habitants, has witnessed the gay carrusingp of deril-may care cedar- getters, remembeis with Whelan and others the fights between the Rich mond River blacks and the Clarence River blacks. These and hundreds cf other things the eld man recalls to mind. Mr. Small, however, looks good enough for another twenty years, and has a fine home in rural seclusion to spend the remaining years. The late Edward Michael Ryan was one of the o'd residents, too, and owned ' Waterview,' one of the finest properties on the Clarence. Lardner, tro, who at the time of my visit was hovering on the borderland of the Great Divide is one of the last living representatives of the first settlers, but, unlike old Mr. Small, all judgment was^gone, and he remembers nothing coherently. However, Mr, Lardner himself formed Smith's Flat, now called Copmanhurst. Mr. Jacobs seems to be in his element when dealing with the figures who played an important part in the past. The first brick house he says, was in 1858 erected by a Mr. Robinson at Deep Gully. The first bridge was built by T. S. Shoveller, over Alumny Creek, and was named Susan Bridge, after his wife. ' The first boat was the Sophia Jane, the second King Billy; the next one, the Phoenix, was wrecked at the Heads. The first doctor was Dr. Phillips, then Dr. Traitt, then Dr. Little, all in the early fifties. The first Commissioner was Oliver Fry, two streets being named after him, and altogether he was an important man ; first P.M. was Captain Hill, who reorganized the whole of the police foice. The Chief Constable then was Captain Havinden, who was aii old sea captain, and came out in a small boat of forty ton-. The latter was the stepfather of Alderman Trent, J.P. Richard Bligh, son of Governor Bligb, suc ceeded Oliver Fry. Sam Guery and Mr. R._ Barrett are mentioned among the early settlers, also William A mess and Dugald Stuart. ] BIGOTRY UNKNOWN ON THE CLARENCE. It is delightful to hear from Mr. Jacobs and others of the friendly spirit existing among all de ff»minations on the Clarence. Mr. Jacobs speaks in glowing terms of old Father Johnson, who was beloved by all, and the Catholics being very poor here, more money was obtained from other denomi nations for the building of his church. So well was the rev. gentleman revered that Canon Selwyn come down to see the foundation-stone of St. Mary's laid. Father Johnson's life was not all Parma violets then. He used in his aainistrations to have to ride to the Richmond and on to Tenterfied, and he was 70 years of age. Mr. Jacobs tells many amusing things about the old man and his charit able propensities. Maurice O'Keeffe, father of Jim O'Keeffe, is mentioned as being a great worker for the Church in those days. Mr. Jacobs, who is of the Jewish persuasion, was a great friend of Father Johnson's, and tells how when the latter'e furniture and things wpre being sold he (Mr. Jacobs) went up and primed the would-be buyers with rum and sent up the prices straight away. Mr, Jacobs came to Grafton in '52, and has been mar ried 47 years. He speaks well of old Peter Shea, who bought a station from Aitken, Mr. Shea was an Irishman, a good old soul, with a heart as soft as a woman's, who never let a person go away without a meal. Wilson's Hill is called after a surveyor of that name. It might be mentioned that Briscoe Rae took up 'Newbold' and sold to C. J. Walker, latter rented to W. A. B. Greaves, since purchased and managed by that popular and excel lent gentleman, Mr. Clarence; Shannons had ' Glenreagh,' Charlie, Andrew, and John. Amongst the scholars who attended the old Public school, and some of them old men, were Alderman Trent, W. J. Hawthorn, H. A. Crondy (now of Orange), Tom Page (whose father had the school), J. A. O'Keeffe J.P., and others. The first bank was the A.J.S. ; Mr. Cuthbert was manager, [ assisted by Mr. Brown. Sub-Inspector Hare was { the first inspector. Sergeant M'Cormack came to t Grafton 28 years ago next December, of whom more anon. A PRETTY SPOT ON THE CLARENCE ' O'er willy meads and shallow waters creeping, And Cere's golden fields.'— Coleridge. THE PAST-MAYORS AND PARLIAMEN TARY REPRESENTATIVES. Mr. T. Bawden was Mayor three times, and for nine years was member for the district, which then comprised the Clarence, Richmond, and Tweed. Clark Irving succeeded Mr. Balden, then came Elias Laycock's father, then Mr. Faucett, then John See, who has retained the seat for 20 years. IMPRESSIONS OF THE CLARENCE PEOPLE. I have given in the preceding pages a short history of the Clarence, with the present productive capacity of the land, what the people have done and are doing, the picturesque resorts, and now a word about the people themselves. The Clarence people share with Queensland the distinction of being the most warm-heared and sociable I have met on my travels. The hand of friendship is extended straight away, and you are made to feel at home. I had hardly arrived in the town when I was made an honorary member of the Gentlemen's Club, tnd I appreciated this courteous and friendly act to its fullest extent. Indeed, the people were so good to me that Itold them on one festive occasion that the result would be fatal, and they would see inscribed on my tomb : ' Succumbed to the hospi tality of the Clarence folk ' Everyone visiting the Clarence has the same tale to tell, plenty of picnic parties, evenings out and evenings in, beautiful places to go to by land and water, and I wonder this part is not availed of more by pleasure seeker?, and that the Clarence has not been put upon the Tourists' Route. PORTION OF MAIN STREET, MACLEA.N, SHOWING POST AND TELEGRAPH OFFICE SOME OF THE PEOPLE I MET. The Hon. John Sbe. An article on the Clarence River would be in complete without a reference to the member for the district, who has faithfully represented the district since 18S0, having been returned ten rimes. Bora in Huntingdonshire, England, in 1845. Mr. See came to Australia with his parents in 1853, just about the time when the gold fever was at an acute stage, but the family engaged in farming pursuits. Mr, See, however, not content with the vis inertia of rural pursuits, launched out, even bb -a young man of twenty, and entered into partnership with Mr. George Nipper, of Sydney, as produce mer chants. The partnership lasted for eighteen yeara, during which period the business expanded until branches had to be opened in Tasmanian, Victoria, and all parts of New South Wales, including Grafton and other towns on the Northern rivers. Mr. See having now assumed sole control of the business through Mr. Nipper retiring, the shipping busi ness grew so great that the North Coast Steam Navigation Company, Limited, was floated to under take this branch, Mr. See being the chairman of directors. In regard to Mr. See's Parliamentary career, he has been three times a Minister of the Crown, namely, as Postmaster- General in the ? Dibbs';short-lived Ministry of 1885, in 1891 as Colo- . nial Treasurer, again in the Dibbs Ministry, and now Chief Secretary and Minister for Defence in the Lyne Administration. As Colonial Treasurer Mr See filled the position with conspicuous ability, his great business proclivities and grasp of finance making him' a strong man not only in hiB depart ment but in the Ministry. In character Mr. See shows cool determination and doggedness in face and figure, his broad forehead indicating great mental capacity, while shrewdness is written in every line ament of his features. Possessing wealth and power, the outcome of his own efforts and ability, Mr. See has infinite confidence in himself, and feels his power, which may give rise to the feeling that he is at times almighty and ambitious in his bearing. But Mr. See is not a man who would sacrifice every thing for ambition, and his entrance into the poli tical arena has not been self-seeking and egotistic, but having once put his haid to the plough his motto is 'onward,' and Mr. See in his upward career has never been known to stoop to anything petty or - mean, for his character for uprightness and strict commercial integrity is undeniable. He is a man of ' action, and the same may be said of him in the com mercial and political world as was said by Scott of Byron in a literary sense— 'Not living upon the re source of past reputation, his foot is always in the arena, his shield hung always in the lists.' - Mb,' Feed M'GkjrbN| thrice Mayor of Grafton, is without doubt one of the brainiest men on the rivers. As an advocate he stands easily first amongst the army of legal men up this way, and can hold his own against the best of the city men who accompany the Judges on Circuit- Although the subject of this sketch takes little trouble to ingratiate himself into the hearts of the people, and is not surrounded with personal friends, still the people as a body feel proud of their Clarence boy, who has step by step mounted up to the zenith of his profession, and even as a young man has been put into the highest civic dignity. Amongst other brainy members of the profession here are Messrs. Donaldson, Dowling, and Niland, the lastnamed receiving a good portion of his legal training from R. D. Meagber. In the domain of medicine and literature I have previously men tioned Dr, Henry, and I must also refer to Dr, Kearney, of South Grafton, who besides building Up a large practice by means of his medical skill, is a gentleman admired and respected by every. body. In Catholic matters Dr. Kearney takes the greatest interest. Another public man whom I must mention is Mr. G. H. Varley, editor and proprietor of the Examiner, the leading journal on the rivers. The Examiner, I may state, was first started by Mr. Vincent, as a. weekly. Mr. Varley was in partner ship with Mr. M4Naughton, who retired in 1886, and Mr. Varley alone has has conducted the paper with conspicuous success, Mr, Varley ia certainly also one of the leading townsmen. Possessed of considerable enterprize and business ability, he has worked his paper up, always steering clear of sec tarian differences, until recently he purchased the present magnificent building, which comprises his office?, and which undoubtedly is the finest news paper I office in the provinces. The paper h T. M'KITTRICK'S - NEW STORES. ?,.. -..:., CLARENCE RIVER NEW STORES. G. DUQGAN'S BUTCHERINa ESTABLISHMENT. - is up to date in get-up, and the quality of the matter, has a wide range of circulation. Mr. Varley himself, apart from his paper, takes the greatest interest in the progress of the district, especially in the dairying industry, which he thinks is going to assume large dimensions on the Clarence. Altogether Mr. Varley promises to be one of the wealthiest men on the Clarence, and good luck to him, he deserves it. Besides the Examiner, there are three other papers. The Grip, owned by Miss Penrose, and edited by Tom Pen rose, which is a smart little paper, and commands a large circulation. There is also the South Graf ton Argus, which is also well got up and circulates largely. The Clarion, edited by Mr. W. G. Haw thorn, Mayor of South Grafton, also gets its share of support. In commercial circles I specially mention Mr. J. T. M'Kittrick, Messrs. Gerard and Spencer, Mr. Lynch, and I must say a word about Mr. Con. Duggan, an illustration of whose establishment we give in this issue. Mr. Duggan, like Tyson, Bobby Rand, and others, began by working for a mas ter and by not neglecting his opportunities but quietly seizing them we find him now, in con junction with his sister, in possession of the leading butchering establishment on the Clarence. Besides which, he is the owner of several private properties, has a splendid farm just out of the town, and alto gether is probably one of the wealthiest men in the district. He is thoroughly straight, and possesses the MR, M. IiYNCH'S STORE CLA.RENCE RIVER STORES— OLD PREMISES '^ T. MORRISSE'S'S COACH AND BUGGY FACTORY. ^ confidence and respect, of the people. Me.y his shadow never grow less. _ There are, of course, many whom I should men tion, but I cannot conclude this special article without a reference to Sergeant M'Cormack, -who, in the early days of the colony, has in the thick of the bushranging escapades around Forbes and Grenfell, and could now tell many an interesting story of those troublous times. Mr. M'Cormack rose in his profession and fcould have risen higher had he so desired, but he was content to remain at Graf ton, where he has been a greater part of a lifetime, and .has acquired property— his private residence be'ng a very handsome place, and what is better still, staunch friends ; and, I would imagine, from my short experience of the Grafton people, it would be hard to tear yourself from them. Mr. M'Corrhack has several addresses testifying to his worth as an officer of the law, which he may well feel proud of, but the closing years of his life have been marred by the death of one o£ his daughters, an aocomp'ished young lady, who was universally beloved ; and the eldest son is a'.so in delicate health, so that their cup of Borrow is filling up.- It is a sad refrain I am singing now, but these things are inseparable from our soj iurn on this mundane sphere. Mr and Mr3. M'Cormack are zealous workers in Catholic matters, and are devoted adherents of the Church. Having spoken of the Gentile?, I should now say something of the Jews, of which Mr. Jacob3 is one of the best speci mens I have met. He it was who gave me moat o the history I have recorded, and on his head fal!eth any mistakes made. Mr. Jacobs' shop is the ren dezvous where all afLirs of the nation and other nutters are difcussed, pro and con, every evening, Mr. Jacobs himself being the chief talker. Apart from this fatal loquacity, he is a splendid fello wand has been a friend of every denomination, especially the Catholic section. He is accordingly very popu lar. I would like to say more about him if 1 had ppacp, bu', B8 O'C3nnell said to Beacon6field, I will also have 1o say adieu (a Jew). Alderman Jirdan is another on this side whom I must say something about, as he appears to me to ba the life and soul of the place. He is most ubiquiioua; you meet him everywhere. He is a good fellow and ex'remely popular. And what abom Con Duggan r I fancy I cm hear someone ask. ' Well, Mr. Duggan, although one of the wealthiest men in the town, cin be summed up in a few words. And the least said about him the better he will like it. Quiet, unassuming, unob trusive, Mr. Duggan is one of those men who ncver change. He is one of the early residents of Graf ton, and furnishes an example of how a man can get on by steadily plodding along and attending to his employer's and his own business and going straight. Con Duggan has done all this and has now the leiding butchering bunnes? of Grafton and is a prosperous man, having baeides the business, with whic'i he is in partnership with his sister, a spkn .did farm and private home about eight miles out of the towr. Mr Dugg-tn takes the greatest interest in the Clarence district, and is very confident of the future, and spared no pains to let the writer see as much as possib e of the prosperous holdings around. And what about the South Grafton people r Dr. Kearney, J. T. M Kittrick, and T. Morrissey I have already spoken of, but one of the best 'men, and a Btauneh friend of the Freeman, is M. O'Keeffe, who has now made sufficient money to live comfortably for the rest of his days and has retired. The Steam Ferry Hotel, so excellently kept by his daughter, Mrs. Walker, is the property of Mr. O'Keeffe. Mrs. Walker, by the way, is a splendid manageress, and this is one of the best and most homely hotels to stay at in the colony, and nothing seems to be a trouble to them. But with regard to Mr. O'Keeffe. He is a thorough straightgoer, a warm-hearted friend, and a worthy Catholic, is one of the pillars of the Church in South Grafton, and is to be seen every Sunday, and heard, too, I might say, at the door attending ti the collections, &. I feel sure there will be a soft seat kept for ' Mick ' when he goes up above. Mr. O'Keeffe is also one of South Grafton's most energetic aldermen. On the road to TJlmarra is one of our successful Catholic yeomen, namely, Mr. Timbs, who has a splendid grazing property, and since the butter factories have been started is one of the largest contributors. He has a beautiful home on one of the finest sites in the district, being right on the top of a hill, and com manding a magnificent view of river scenery, and a bird's-eye view of the whole district. Mr. and Mrs. '. TimbB are good w orkers in church matters, and I am glad to see them getting on. Just below, too, is one of the staunchest and best Irishmen in the colonv. He. too. has had his reverses with floods, &c;, but is steadily surmounting them, and when on the upward grade his first thought is of his country and his Church, and to do the right thing by everybody. Mr. Kiely has a very large family almost too numerous to mention. I don't know how many, and 1 am not sure he could tell you himte'f without counting up. They have, however, a fine farm, and, if more floods do not come upon jthem, will be soon amongst our prosperous Catholic settlers. J. T. M'KITTRICK'S CITY STORES. Without going into the history in detail of the firm, and before saying anything on the qualifica tions of the gentleman who has built up the colossal business, I will endeavour briefly to put before our readers a description of the establishment. The New Stores. The erection of such a handsome and spacious building as the City Stores marks an era in the his tory of Grafton, and South Grafton particularly. It is a tangib'e proof of the faith of the proprietor in the future of the town as well as the past sound ness of the district, and there is little doubt but that the immense building erected by Mr. M 'Kit- trick engenders a feeling of hopefulness in the minds of the people whic^ is not without its good effect. The new stores were opened with great eclat during the presence of the wiiter in Grafton, and as they were lit up with electric light, cro wds of people came from the northern sicta to get a view of the new premises. To begin with, the new building has a frontage of 77 feet to the main street, with a depth of 104 feet, the whole ground floor space being about 10,00 ^ superficial feet. The bui ding is entered by a door way with Jjjti'ed entrance, with tw - magnificent plate glass windows on either side, artistically de corated in. up-to-date style. On entering one is struck with the- loftiness of the premises, and the striking Rppearance of everything around, counters, fitting*, ceiling, staircase, presenting all the modern features of a large metropolitan establishment, the dress department is on the left, the grocery on the right, with a handsome staircase leading to the second story. At the rear of the staircase are the offices, where Mr. M'Kittrick cin be interviewed by clients on all matters appertaining to the busi ness. The most modern cash railway system is in vogue and everything is going like clockwork, as is necessary to cope with the large business being trar.sjcted. ? » On The second Floor. To get to this you ascend a broad stairway with easy flight of steps, and find yourself in the milli nery department, glimpses of colour from which are seen below, for this floor is built on the principle of Cole's famous Book Arcade and Rogers' Arcade, Goulburn, the centre being apex, and surrounded by a handsome railing, and visitors can promenade around and pee what is going on below as well as on top. This floor occupies a space of 2444 feet It is well lighted and ventilated by 12 windows. From here you pass, into another department— that of furniture. This rocm is of the same dimensions as the mil.inery department. Descending from here you get into the ironmongery and crockery depart ment, equally extensive and complete. It would weary the reader to give 11 description of every de partment, but as electricity is new to most of the country towns, I must say a word about the light ing here. FRESH FOOD AND ICE CO.'S WORKS. The Electric Installation. The dynamo which supplies the light is made by Crompton and Co., of England and Australia. It is a machine of 1 10 v)lts 45 ampere?, and is capab'e of supplying from 80 to 90 16 c p. lanps. At the present there are 39 16 c p., 16 25, c p- lamps, and 2 Crompton-pochin lamps of 2000 candle-power being used. These lights are distributed all over the establishment in every department, and employes and customers alike get the benefit of this splendid light. I might here state that the difference in working by electric light and gas in point of comfort is very mach in favour of the former. The gas consumes a great amount of carbon arouni, one gas jet being equal to another man breathing in the room, and in saving time the diffeieics is noticeable. The electric light 13 also much bet*er for the eyee. But now a word about The Proprietor, Mr, J. T. M'Kittrick. Although Mr. M'Kittrick is one of the last men who would care to see his name in print, I feel it GRAF TON'S LEADING NEWSPAPER. incumbent on me to say a word about the man who has built up the above business which comprehends also a large shipping trade, Mr. M'Kittrick having a private wharf and stores where all his shipping \9 transacted. Besides, there ire two extensive busi nesses at Grafton proper. It will astound business people and others, and it is also an indiciti^n of the prosperity and extent of the Olarercs district, when I state that the turnover tots up to about £70,000. Now, the character of the'man who has brought this about and the qualities which have contributed to his success can t-3 summed up in a few words. dr.1 M'Kittrick is enterprizing, possesses a keen business instinct, and of undoubted probity. He has always been steady and attends to his business; and while treating his employes generously makes those principles the passport to promotion in hiR establishment. Outside business Mr. M'Kittrick, who is a North of Ireland man, is a warm-hearted friend and a great devotee of sport, especially cric ket, it being no unusual thing to see him make top score. His sons are in the business and are also very popular. CLARENCE RIVER STORES. No visitor to Grafton should go away without paying a visit to the above stores, especially on a Saturday night, when crowds of customers throng the place, and the scene presented reminds one of Mark Foy's in Oxford-street, Sydney. But before giving a short description of these stores I might make a reference to the illustrations, one showing the first stores. erected and the other the present new premises. This will serve to indicate the pro gress which has been made from the time. Mr. Shoveller sold out in 1864 to Mr. Campbell, who carried the businesses on till 1869, when Mr. Gregory took them over. Then passing into the hands of Messrs. Henderson and Mansfield, who made the venture hum, adding river steamers. Then Mr. Henderson himself had possession till the business f- went into the hands of Messrs. Colls and Gerard, then Mr. Colls retiring, Mr. H. Gerard got the business, and now being joined by Mr. J. Spencer; they trade under the style of Gerard and Co. Both are young, and splendid business men, and declare that no stone will be left unturned to place the Clarence Store3 in the lead on the Northern rivers, and consequently bsgan by having their pre sent extensive establishment erected. The New Stores have a frontage of 135 feet to Prince-street, and a depth of 90 feet to Bacon-street, with a floor space of 15,000ffc, without inc'uding the large bulk stores at the rear. There are two grand entrances from Prince-street, with carved doors and immense plate glass windows. Upon entering, a feature of the establ'shment is that almost every compartment comes into view, which gives the place a most ex tensive appearance, and the effect coming in off the . street is startling on the first view. The walls are for the most part £ rmed of Wunderlich steel which, it is said, wi'lsho- vits value if floods again occur. The whole roof structure is f n'irely open. Special ventilating facilities having been arranged, and nearly the entire length of ike building is covered with a cone-shaped dome. This takes away the hot air which .always ascends, and the place is . thus made comparatively cool. As Messrs. ' Gerard and Co. are universal pro- ' videre, it 4s unnecessary to go into detail ' as to the various departments, but 1 may state that the customer has no trouble in getting from one to the other. Behind the men's department is the boot department; the millinery department i« a ?' . dream, as the ladies would say, the wealth of colour brightening up the establishment. Then there are „ :; the drapery, ironmongery, furniture, fancy goods, glassware, stationery, &c; The whole place is brilliantly lighted with the incandescent illumi nant, and, as I say, on Saturday night the estab lishment is worth seeing, and on entering one is impressed with the go-ahead and up-to-date ap- - pearance of the interior. The well-dressed custo mers, the smart way in which the assistants get through the volume of business transacted, indeed, all combine to make one feel that there is an im-.V ; mense amount of trade being done on the Clarence, .; and that Messrs. Gerard and Spencer are the men to do it. H MR. M. LYNCH'S STORES. . t Mr, Lynch, an illustration -of whose place is given with this special issue, furnishes an illustra- . tion of what, pluck, intelligence, and perseverance can do on a limited capital to start with Com mencing in a small way, Mr. Lynch, by paying attention to details, doing that, the opposite of which is one of the characteristics of most country towns, namely, minding one's own business, by invarying courtesy to his clients, in a word, by giv ing them a quid pro quo for what they give, has put together a tine business. ' Mick,' as he is more popularly known, is one of our staunch Catholics, and the greatest proof that he deals out even-handed justice to his customers is the fact that a large number of theae are Wesleyans, and they stick to him. ' Mick ' learned a great many of his moral precepts from the tuition of Miss Callaghan, now of Lismore (retired), who in the aarly days was his teacher. I think the only crimt which ean be alleged against Mick is that he has a relative a pressman, that clever journalist, Courtenay, beiug a scion of his family. That ad mirable lady, too, Mrs. O'Brien, of Swan Bay, also being his sister, and he has numerous brothers arcund Grafton, all sons of the soil, all worthy fel lows, and all doing well. Mr. Lynch's stores are nicely situated, almost on the junction of the main street with Victoria-street, his fine property being delightfully shaded by the beautiful trees which have made Grafton famous. ULMARRA, COWPER, AND MACLEAN. So as to complete the number of the Clarence from a pictorial standpoint, we give illustrations of Cowper and Maclean, but as these places are too important to be briefly touched upon, a full de Ecription will be reserved for our next issue. The same will of course apply to Chatsworth, Palmer's Island, Shark's Creek, etc. Suffice it to say, as showing the difference between the Northern rivers and the Southern part of Ntw South Wales— I may state that I was suddenly called away to Melbourne — when I left the Clarence you could see nothing ')*-? on all sides but rich clover-fields and green grass paddocks, while from Sydney to Melbourne every thing along the line was parched and dried up, and presented a scene of desolation. I would recom mend squatterrf and graziers from the drought stricken districts of the West to take a run up to the y Clarence or Richmond ; they would die of envy. *? OUR ILLUSTRATIONS. It will be noticed that beyond showing a few of the principal business places to -indicate the com mercial progress of the town of Grafton, we have carefully eEchewed putting in public buildings and have directed our attention more to landscape views. Grafton derives its chief beauty from the river and surroundings, and our object is'to help to get the Clarence placed on the Tourist Route. Unfortunately, a proper view of the town cannot be obtained, as the nearest eminence available is Wil son's Hill, on the South Grafton side, and as the river itself is half -a- mile wide, only small and indis tinct views -jan be got. Furthermore, I wish our readers to bear this in mind, that photographs or reproductions are only of value in assisting a writer to describe a place. The beautiful and varied greens of the foliage, the glow of colour from the setting and rising sun, the mellow tints of twilight, and the phosphorescent sparkle of the water under the bright light of the moon can only be depicted by the artistic writer. All the photographs are by W. Stevenson, of Grafton. For continuation seepage 21. ('Continued from page 20 .) \ MARITIME HISTORY OF THE CLAR ;.:..,?? ... ence. ' Thh maritime history of the Clarence dates back to the year 1849 or 1850, when, it is Btated, the Phce ; nix was the first steamer to occupy a berth at the present. I S.N. wherf. But a good deal of the early history is wrapped in the mists and shadows fof the past, and the correctness or otherwise of this assertion is not definitely settled. We m'ght, how ever, here give a little glimpse ? f the past, and could not do better than give an extract from an article '?? which appeared in the Stau from the pen of .«? J. M'C.' some time ago:— 'The river steamer the Sophia Jane was condemned in 1845, and the late Mr. Edye Manning gave the order to Mr. . Ohowne, of Pjrmont, to build the Phoenix, in ?which the Sophia Jane's engines were to be placed. It was intended to tun the new steamer in opposi tion to the H R.S.N. Go 's boats in the Hunter River trade. The career of the Phoeiix on the ? Hunter was a short one and she was placed in the Clarence River trade. Tne Phoenix was afterwards -wrecked, as stated, on the Clarence Bar about 1850, and Captain Wiseman was empowered to go to ? Sydney to have a ship specially built, to be named the Clarence, for the Clarence River trade. The ?? coBt of the vessel was £12,000. For a short time she ran to the Hunter, but as an enticing offer was made for her, she was sold to Tasmanian people for £29,000.' Certain it is, however, that a company -was formed in 1885 to establish steam communication' between the Clarence River and the metropolis. This was after the rush of farmers from the Hunter \- River and the South Coast, and agriculture becom ing the chief industry, trade increased by leaps and bounds, with the result that a company was formed to cope with the volume of business. The Grafton Steamship Co. was therefore formed, with the fol lowing board of directors :— Messrs. F. Mitchell (chairman), Clark Irving, Joseph Sharp, and R. Kirchner. : The Grafton, a paddle steamer of 297 tons regis ? ter and 548 tons gross, was the first to fly the com -. pany's flag. The Grafton is now running on the New Zealand coast. The Fernel'a, of 200 tons, was the second of the fleet. The trade increasing, a ? iron paddle steamer, the ITrara, of 350 tons register, -was purchased. She was a 10 knot boat, and one of the best boats trading to Sydney at the time. She ?was loBt at the Clarence Heads. The Urara was followed by the Agnes Irving of the same register. Captain H, Creer, then well \- known in the service of the H.R.N.S.H. Co .joined the new company and was sent home to get a Bteamer built to eclipse anything on the Australian .coast.. The City of Grafton was the result. She is ; a handsome iron fore- and-aft schooner rigged . paddle steamer of 555 tons register, and 825 tons gross. Steamship communication was opened up ; on the Richmond and Macleay, but I will not deal .-'----.with this at the present juncture. We now come .to . .-.. . ... ji ????-.? : * THE COMMODORE SHIP OF THE LINE, ?the Kallatina, Captain Creer having been again ''.''despatched, home to get a ship built which would /be able to compete with anything going- The Kallatina was built under the orders of Captain '..Creer, and a magnificently-appointed steamer was ;? the outcome of his trip. When his Excellency . Lord Jersey and suite paid their Vice-Regal visit to Grafton, they were loud in their praises of the Jcomforts on board, and the handsome appointments and furnishings which make her the .gem of the North. The dimensions of the Bteamer are : — Length, between perpendiculars, 179 feet ; beam, moulded, 28 feet ; depth of hold -, from main deck, 11 feet 6 inches. She has a long ;' full poop extending to the forward hatch, with a forecastle in which the crew are housed. The saloon, [ in which there are berths fpr 40 passengers, is situated amidships. The dining saloon and state berths are on the main deck, and are beautifully finished in polished woods, which are set off to ad vantage with velvet furnishings. All the modern folding lavatories and conveniences for passengers -are there, and the ship is thoroughly ventilated. The vessel is installed throughout with electric light. An awning and promenade decit are fitted oyer the 'midships' deck-house. Nipper and See's Line of Steamers. This company having, on account of the increased trade in produce, entered into the steam navigation business, we find their first vessel was a ketch, ' named the Comet, which traded in the sixties to \- Wollongong and Shoalhaven. They afterwards pur chased the Alpha for the Macleay and other rivers. Then they obtained the Adieu, the barque Adelnid, and the brig Fairy Queen. The latter vessel con veyed the first cargo of wheat from Port Pirie to Sydney. lhis brig was efterwards wrecked at Timaru Bay. The Adelhid capsized off Sydney Heads en route from Melbourne to Newcastle, and all hands -were drowned. Nipper and See commenced business in Sydney in 1865, and in 1870 opened a branch in Melbourne. They also had branches or agencies in all parts °* the colonies, and to show the extent of busine8s transacted we might state that their operations in Sydney in one year alone amounted to £500,000. The partnership of Nipper and See was dissolved n 1884, and John See and Oi's line then comprised he steamers Australian, Helen Nicoll, Rosedale, and Murray, and the barque Zohrab. The business of John See and Co. increased, and embraced lines of steamers from Sydney to the Clarence, Hastings, Bellinger, Nambucca, Port Maequarie, Woolgoolga, and Coff's Harbour. In addition were numerous droghers and tugs as feeders to the ocean steamers. The Nortr. Coast Steam Navigation Co. I now come to the point when the amalgamation waB affected between the Clarence, Macleay, and Richmond River Co. arid John See and Co., under the above title. The following steamers are em ployed by this company : — Kallatina, City of Grafton, Tomki, Macleay, Coraki, Burrav/ong, Electra, Helen Nicoll, Rosedale, Australian, Wel lington, Wyrallah, besides numerous droghers. It io certainly a fine sight to see these noble steamers careering along the placid waters of the Clarence, and taken in conjunction with the river boats the waterway at Grafton presents a most animated appearance. I forget how many miles of navigable stream there is on the Clarence, but there are 99 islands ; they have not yet found the hundredth. I would have made it a hundredf but I do not believe in imperilling my immortal soul for one island. There is, therefore, every facility provided for tourists and others to proceed to the Northern Rivers. But as we are dealing with the Clarence from picturesque standpoint, we can assure visitors that not only will they find every comfort on board the North Coast steamers, the officers and assistants attentive and obliging, the catering excellent ; but I may state also the fares are very reasonable, being only 25s saloon. I may state that I came down through the Richmond and Clarence, and after spending six weeks on the Clarence took steamer to Sydney by the Jity of Grafton. This is, I may state, the most successful vessel on the rivers ; the same engines and boilers are still used, having never been replaced, and the steamer has only had one little mishap. Captain Slater is the skipper, although Captain O'Farrell was temporarily in charge, and all the officers were most obliging The '? City' has a fine deck promenade. When you get to the Clarence you will meet with some of the most picturesque scenery in the colonies, and certainly with the nicest and most hospitable people- Mr. T. R. Allt is the chauman of directors, having first been incorporated with the North Coast shipping in 1862. Messrs. Allt and J. See are managing directors, assisted by Messrs. G. Elliott, W. Watt, Samuel Dickinson, and Captain Lyons, the capital of the company now being £150,000 in 150,000 shares pf £1 each. Mr. R Cooke, who has been connected with the company from a youth, and consequently has the interests of the com pany at heart, besides being a most capable and enthusiastic worker, is well known by travellers and traders, and receives high encomiums from them for his attention to their comforts, and his personal courtesy and geniality ; and he is ably assisted by Mr. A. Allen, who for some years was manager for John See and Co. KILLEEVY. 