THE WIFE OF HIS BOSOM. THE entirely unexpected had hap perfed, as it occasionally does even in the quietest and moat secluded circleB. Philip Bollard, by far the richest and most important person in remote Rackheath, had fallen a help- less . captive to Cupid's baw and spear. The event-a sadden, sur- prising marriage-had provided a delectable text for the proverbial nine days' -wonder and talk of the villagers. Blunt rustic philosophy^ and criticism blended -with unre- strained mirth at the expense of the Benedict, though it should be added that the gossips took particular care not to stir their savory bowl in the latter's presence. The subject on whom the good folk of the countryside elaborated their 'surmises and sentiments was a big, sinewy, upstanding man of nearly' 50- an admirable type, a casual observer would have said, of the.'. English yeoman of the best class. And yeoman he -was by birth. The widespreading five-hundred acre pasture farm which he owned and occupied had been in .the pos- session of the Bollards from at least the period of the Wars of the Roses. Philip, however, had bad but little acquaintance with agriculture. Orphaned -while yet a child, he had sought his fortune abroad, spending youth and the prime of manhood in a hard adventurous life in the Far West. : At 45 he had come suddenly back to the old country in response to a lawyer's letter. The death, without issue, of his only cousin on his father's si.de-a home keep- ing, penurious cattle-breeder- had made him a wealthy man and master of Rackheath Grange. Had not his speech been cast in a plainer mould, Philip Bollard would probably have described himself, to himself as a mis- ogynist. And, perhaps, he had hiß reasons for his feelings akin to hatred of the sex. At any rate it was promptly agreed both by man and maid at the Grange, into the daily lifo of which his appearance brought scarcely the shadow of a change, that he was a confirmed " old bachelor." And o £ an evening, in tho kitchen, when the chatter of the dairymaids had invariably ended in the formulation of this conclu- sion, the thin, white-haired bailiff, smoking a black, inverted clay pipe in the chimney corner, would add : "Ay, bud e's a rare good sooart o' a maister all the same." The bolt from the blue descended one day about the end of October, the third year following the return of the self-exiled wanderer to Eng- land. Bollard, after an early har vest, had betaken, himself to the: seaside for a month's Holiday. On the 25th of the month named he. had written home announcing that he would return on tho 30th, and in- structing tho bailiff to. see to it that " the girls" got the Grange into tho most scrupulous order, as a lady would be accompanying him. For tho time' vain conjecture ran riot in the house. Thon, at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the appointed day, came the. hotly- anticipated solution. The dog:cart, which had been sent to the station to meet its owner, rolled swiftly up the drive, and the expectant domestics, drawn up in a little line at the-door, paw Philip Bollard, smiling and radiantly happy, jump briskly, to the ground and extend both arms to assist his, travelling companion to alight. Tho newcomer, a fair, slight, .winsome girl of 21 or thereabouts, with a blush-rose complexion now deepened to a hot vivid crimson, held hesi- tatingly back. But their erst- while gloomy, solitary em- ployer put his arm promptly within the lady's and led her for ward to tho wide, inviting thresh- old. :" This is your new mistress, girls," he began pleasantly-" and my wife," he added,proudly, after a second's pause, j _ ""How the tongues of the gossips .'?wagged for a full month aítér wards. It was generally agreed'that the master of Rackheath Grange had taken a rash, mad step that could scarcely fail to end in utter disaster. Where had thé young wife come from ? To whom did she belong? .Had she any fortune of her own, or did all the charms of the pert little chit in a sailor hat and a plain tailor made costume of light brown lie in her soft white face, her fluffy glory of golden hair, and her violet eyes, and'so on, and so on,'rambled the remorseless old 'dames and. spinsters of tho district. They readily acknowledged that. Philip Bollard was not top old to marry. A man, they eagerly agreed, for they'were "getting on" them- selves, ought to be at his best at 50, and Philip was still three years on the right side pf his jubilee. But why should hé have pinned his happiness to the petticoats of a foolish, inexperienced lass young enough to be his daughter? Per- haps.his gravest offence was that he should have sought out his helpmeet among strangers. , < Other things might have been forgiven him, but not that. Such an insult had never been flung in the face of feminine Rackheath by a Bollard for at least a century past. Nothing but ill could come of it. They could only hope, dubiously, in a spirit of much enduring Christian charity, that the woe and mjsery -which certainly hung over the Grange would not prove entirely of the blackest type. * And, meanwhile, unconscious of all these baleful- presages, the happy lovers went hand in hand along. the primrose -, path-towards the hidden precipice which some of their neighbors had vaguely .and ominously mapped mentally out on their behalf. Philip Bollard devel- oped an entirely new interest in existence, and he renewed and re- modelled the furnishings of the residential portion of the Orange in a wholesale fashion ander th* guid- ance of his young wife's excellent taste. "She can twist him round her little finger," Mrs. Bollard's critics would say. " It's enough to make the Bollards come out of the family vault at noontide to stop such 'goings on."* But the twisting had no apparent effect on the husband's high spirits or straight athletic figure, and the forbears of the family, long gone to dust, exhibited not the slightest sign of breaking their slumbers for the purpose of hostile parade, either by daylight or darkness. The old order giving place to the new, might be changing ever so radically, but it was small concern of the dead. It was drawing on towards the close of the year, and Mr. and Mrs. Bollard were at breakfast. The morning letters had come in as the repast was closing, and Philip was casting a hurried eye over his cor- respondence. His fair, fresh young partner faced him on the opposite side of the little table for two drawn close np to the' blazing fire on the hearth. A couple of letters lay by Mrs. Bollard's plate. She opened the first, glanced at it hastily, and then dropped the sheet of notepaper con- tained in tho envelope carelessly into her- lap. Then she took up the second communication and looked at the clpmsily-written superscrip- tion for the first time. Tearing the cheap» flimsy envelope across the back, she set ' herself to" the perusal of the enclosure. She could scarcely have gathered the import of the opening lines when a great carmine flush swept over her from neck to forehead, to be almost immediately succeeded by a wave of deathly white.' She cast a hasty, guilty glance' at her husband. But lie could have noticed nothing, for he was immersed in the pages of a voluminous, catalogue just arrived by post. So, with trembling .fingers, she thrust the second communica- tion hastily into her pocket. "How time flies, Mary," said Bol- lard, looking up and consulting a' big, old- fashioned gold repeater. " My train is due at 10.15. I must hurry." . It was twilight shortly after 4 o'clock in the afternoon. Light, drizzling Bnow was falling,and the drear high- way in front of lonely Rackheath Range appeared to be entirely de- serted. But through the thickening shadow a slender figure flitted away to tho west under cover of the tall thorn hedge, shimmering with a ghostly haze in the half light.. The fugitive halted at a bye-road a hun- dred yards or so from the. gate of the Grange, and, after glancing fur- tively in every direction, sped down the decline at a run, evidently fear- ful of discovery, ( " Aman of middle height, of alert, semi-military stepj came out from behind a denso* clump of tangled briar as she reached the bottom , of the hill. " Ah, Mary, my dear," he exclaimed, reaching, forward as though' to take the. woman in his arms ; but she started back, raising her hands with an upward and outward gesture of dread or repul- sion. , ''Don't touch me !" she cried, ina low tone of agony, drawing her hooded waterproof around her and looking! fearfully to the north and the south a1 ong the ? narrow line pf snow-covered roadway bordered with black shadow. Tho "man, whose dark, heavy features were not clearly discernible in the gloom, drew back his arms and tugged sulkily at his strong, drooping moustache. * "Anaffectionate greeting, truly," he muttered, with a savage sneer, "considering our close relationship. But I won't stand ori ceremony and talk cant. I'm well aware' that your heart, is dead to me." "What do you want?" asked the woman. . " , ' ! "Money 1" ,he hissed. "What else do you think I caine for ? You are a wise woman, Mary, after all. I shouldn't have thought it. ' You have feathered your nest admir- ably. .1 guess. I've heard before of Rackheath. Grange. It Is one. of the most attractive residences in thiB trnly rural ' countryside. But there-have yon brought what I asked ?" i r "Yes," she answered, shrinking away at his near approach. " It'd he»e. Take it and go!" "With your fondest love, my dear," he laughed. "And thia is for my silence- twenty pounds, I asked for." "The bag contains*thirty,"sheeaid, casting her eyes through the darken ing. air up the slight declivity, as though meditating instant flight. " Good- night." " Not so fast, Mary," he said, lay- ing a detaining hand upon her arm. " I am coming home with you. I am wet through, chilled to the marrow, and famished with hunger. Your husband is away from home. I will be your guest for the night." "It is impossible!" the woman cried, in piteous accents. " He haB morely gone to Sedgely. He will be home by 9. Besides, your presence in his house would be an outrage." "Well, Mary, you may decide your line of action.. I either go in opmly with- you or you admit me secretly. Take" your own course. But food and fire and drink I must have at once at all coats. You have your own private apartments in your palace, my lady, I presume ?" He lifted his hat and bowed deri- sively as he spoke. Her very heart seemed standing still, stifled by a-sudden accession of shame and horror. For a moment her parched tongue refused its office. Then she stammered forth, "Come round to the Bide door in yonder wing, by the footpath over the field,-and through the little wicket. # , . f "Hark!" whispered the despair- ing woman, springing to her feet Í with a start, and halting irresolutely before the dull red fire of her bon doir. "I hear the sound of whee'8 without. Philip is returning. You must fly." " Philip !" laughed the man, lost iii the shadow of a deep, dark velvet chair on the opposite side of the hearth. "What tender expression you put into the word. A model "wife, 1 calculate." '*! For God's sake, go !" she cried. "All will be lost! The dogcart is coming np the drive." " Tush, ' Mary ! Why, it's only half-past 7. Your alarm is quito an hour too previous." . "He must have caught an earlier ; train. I entreat you, go." She had flung herself on her knees at his feet. The unwelcome guest arose and lifted tho weeping woman. " Good- night," he said, in a low, significant voice. "I shall come again-soon." : Mrs. Bollard led ; her 'Visitor quickly along the corridor, . and pointed, speechless, down a dark, narrow Hight of side stairs/ Without a word her strange companion 'stepped forward ? [ and downward, ;and was swallowed up by the gloom. - j Then, with a sigh of relief that was almost a groan, she crept back into her boudoir, and, after a couple of minutes spent in deepest, darkest thought, sped like a ghost along the winding, old-fashioned corridor to her dressing- room at- the front of the house. She noted that the ?>en- trance : door was ajar as she flitted past the top of the staircase, and that the snow was drifting: fiercely .into the. hall. Setting.down the candle on a little table by the side of the great mirror ' in the wardrobe, she glared into the 'glass like a hunted fawn. She waB trembling in every limb, and her face, grown aged and haggard, as it almost seemed, in a single day was of a whit«, waxen, unearthly-hue, with a veritable blot of blood in either cheek. - Pushing aside her wealth of hair with shaking hands, she pressed her soft palms into her eyes. Then, suddenly'resolved, she extinguished the light, and ran noiselessly back again to her boudoir/ She had scarcely regained it when she heard Philip's familiar foot upon tho stairs." He was coming straightway to her. She flung herself on to a silken couch, and, closing her eyes, breathed regularly and softly. " Well, Mary, darling." began Bollard, pushing the door gently open, " I'm back before my time. I---" He stopped suddenly and stared in bewilderment at the sleep- ing figure of his wife. "Why, Mary," he went on, " I thought >T--." Again his cheery flow of words ended with an inconclusive jerk. He was by her Bide now, pass- ing his hand gently over her white shoulder. " Mary 1 Mary !" he ex- claimed, stooping down until his lipa almost touched her ahell-Uke ear. She turned and raised herself slightly, with a well-feigned drowsy outward motion of her arms. Then she opened her eyes. "You here, Phil ?" she said, blinking confusedly aa he walked backward to the fire to light the lamp upon the table in the centre.of the room. "How soundly I must have slept !" The man made no answer for the moment. He reached a ta pet* from the mantel, and the next instant the crimson-shaded lamp flooded the room with a strong, warm light that masked her pallor. " Yes, yes-oh, ye- !" fae said. 1 ftingher toa sitting posture. Then he dropped down beside her, still holding her in his embrace. "How hot your cheeks are!" he exclaimed. "They burn like fire. And your heart-it is beating like a hammer." " I have been out of sorts all day," she answered in a dry voice. She did not even offer to return hiB kiss. She tat impassive, like a whipped, frightened, ashamed child, with her downcast eyes wandering across the floor. ...... With a muttered, indistinct word of excuse, Philip Bollard strode out of the apartment, and walked off to the.' dining-room, where dinner was being laid by one of the maids. But he could not rest there, and walked out into the blackness of night. Heavy sleet was falling, but though he was bareheaded he felt it not. What nameless, numbing horror could it be, he asked himself, that hovered over the old, weather- beaten home of his ancestors ? Had the weapon now raised, perchance to strike home and, make his brief happiness a hell,, been thrust by Fate into the fair, fragile fingers of his wife ? His wife-the wife of his bosom-playing him false ere yet the honeymoon was over ! Never! Athonsard times no! It could not be. He was but the sport and prey of some devilish delusion. And yet ! She had lied to him. That could not be denied. ' He had seen her flying with streaming hair and eye3 dilated with excitement across the head of the stairway. He had deemed it an enthusiastic wel- come to himself until he. entered her room and found her deep in the most palpably- feigned slumber. But that was not all-not nearly all! ? As he had walked from her side towards the door to collect his throng- ing thoughts in outer solitude he had taken/ up in his nerveless hand a blackened and discolored briar pipe that had been left upon the table by whom ? The conjecture turned his blood to molten h ad and then to ice. But even that was not all. The clear, unmistakable, damning proof of a man's footprints was on the creamy rug on the other side of the hearth, -by. .the low armchair in which he himsolf had been wont j to loll in blind ecstatic bliss. ; ¡ He turned on his heel bn the wet, crunching snow. He would gp straight into the house and confront her. with the truth. 'But ha started back from the closed door he sought to enter as though pushed again into theonter darkness by invisible hands. He dared not face her yet. The lust of blood was in his heart and brain. Murder would be done. In imagi- nation the brand of Cain was already on his brow, and he could picture her lying prostrate-dead- en the floor of the silken nest of luxury: ho had provided for the faithless wanton. But his madness passed almost as suddenly as it came, and a great commingled volume of tenderness and pity and love that would not be driven away welled up from his stricken soul for slender, white - faced, beautiful Frailty. She was almost a child,done but yesterday; with her . dolls and playthings. And ho? Ho'was a man pf long and sober years. Why had September mated with May? Vain fool that he was to dream of an earthly 'Eden in tho autumn of fa hard and dreary life. '.How the world would scr.eam over tho hack- neyed comedy and farce of. the supplanting of stale seniority/ Then he. started ,y turned"' round, and drew away, as though stung*' by an adder. A light foot had stolen up to his side, a soft, dimpled face, wetWvith. agony and love, was looking ùp into his.own, a slender iwrist had linked itself tightly, desperately, to his arm. ' " Phil, dearest 1' Phil, my hus band ! I cannot keep my Beeret," a low, sweet voice whispered. "I most tell you all. Come back to my room and listen to my-my confes- sion 1" Bick to the boudoir they went together. In halting, flurried sen- tences the young wife essayed to tell her stcry. But ere it was half told he had seized her in his arms like a bear, and smothered her with fierce, frantic kisses. " My wife, my darling, my angel !" he sobbed. 44 How you must have suffered! "What a time of agony has been yours. But it is all hap- pily past. I dreamed of doom it- self. The reality is not a feather in the balance against my precious Mary." It was close upon midnight. Philip Bollard sat alone in his study by a dying Ure of fragrant pine logs, lost in reflection, yet with content- ment and happiness radiating from every curve in his strong, bronzed face. Profound silence reigned throughout the house. Suddenly he started to his feet. His acute ear had detected a dull, low, suspicious, noise. . T.o the ord!'-' nary listener it might have meant merely the sighing of the wind in the passages of the house. But to a mari trained to watchfulness in the hours of darkness by long years of adven- turous life in semi-civilised regions the continuous Bound had a signi- ficance of its own. It testified to some! human' presence in the vicinity. Whoever the hidden, unseen lurker might be, his action was undoubtedly surreptitious. An encounter lay before him-with a thief and probably a burglar. What new surprise in this night of sur- prises was coming 7 , Stealthily he opened tho door of the study and closed it behind . him, and, guided solely by the sense of heaving, crept upstairs to the room immediately above his, in which stood an old fashioned safe containing a consider- able quantity of pláte in antique gold and silver, together with two or three hundred pounds in coin and notes. A thin, tinkling, metallic sound now reached him. As he came up le.vel with it ho could detect tho faintest gleam of light under the ¿door. Silently he opened it. The black outline of a mau, holding a candle in his hand, stood between him and' the open safe. Ere the thief could turn or utter a syllable Philip Bollard had him on the floor in a grip of iron, shaking the life out of him like a dog with a rat in its jaws. . 44 Mercy 1" gasped the unknown person ia a faint screech. Bollard slightly released his deadly hold of the fellow's windpipe. 41 Well ?" he queried, with his knee still pressed into his helpless cap- tive's chest. , ~44 You are Mr. Bollard ?.. asked t he man.' ' Philip nodded grimly, and pick- ing up the fallen candle, still alight, set it on its base on the floor. 44 You must let me go-at once !" cried the man. 44 You dare not give me np to justice. The disgrace would kill so proud a man as you. I am the father of your wife." 44 My God!" cried Bollard, jump- ing to his feet. 44 Can it be pos- sible?"; ; 44 Nothing more certain," said the other,-, rising and facing him with ari air almost of composure. . . . Then the door of the room was flung;-violently inward upon the two men, and a willowy, girlish formt in white,' bearing ' aloft, above a yellow flood of streaming hair, a brazen lamp, darted in between Bollard'and his antagonist. It was Mary. ' , 44 Philip," she gasped, turning upon' her husband, 44 what, what does it mean ?" For answer the rnaster .of Back heath, speechless, caught the lamp from its place of "peril in the fair girl's high-raised quivering hand. This done, he pointed into an inner corner where the intruder, stood, with parted lips and disclosed teeth. 44Good Lord, doliver. us!" spoke the : girl ' slowly,-; in a weird, un- natural tone, addressing the stranger, 44 What do you here ?" She turned to the left, and the big, opon,» rifled safe, with the bulk of its contents ' strewn upon the floor, told a plain tale. "Oh,jGodf Oh, God!" she sobbed, dropping into a chair'and cohering her ashen face with their hands. 7 Then came a dead pause.: ? Á t length the intruder spoke.... "Tell him the truth," he said, sul- lenly and defiantly. 441 calculate you ain't exactly going to go back on your nearest and ? dearest rela- tive, jny daughter" ¡V. Philip Bollard lifted his head '.with a convulsive start, i . Some- thing in the sinister accents of the' man struck familiarly on his ear, rending the veil of the past. . . Setting down thejamp on top of the safe, he crossed the room, and, gripping the fellowv by the throat, drew him ont of the shadow into the focus of the steady, brilliant light. Then he looked long and" narrowly into the red, evil, besotted face of a man of 60, with a bullet-head and hair, of close-cropped grey. : Suddenly a .glare of fiercest joy transfigured Bollard's drawn, stern countenance. 44 You liar !" he cried, flinging his captive furiously against thewall.. 44 A miracle from heaven confounds you. Look at me ! Look atme. Black Jake Hamilton of San Francisco, I'm English Phil of the same location. And you've made my poor girl's life a terror for three years past. Her father ! What a damnable lie ! Why, you never put foot in England till six or seven years ago, after you had made even the We.tarn States too hot to hold yon. You're wanted there for mur- der. Reveal to me every jot of your deception or I'll wring your miser- able neck". Ay, better, TU give you-" over to the police. If I do, you are assured of tue gallows-nay, they have even a sharper method over yonder." The craven scoundrel had sunk to his knees, unable to keep his feet in the faco .of the overwhelming Nemesis. "Thank He iven! Thank Heaven r Thank Heaven !" Mary wa3 mumb- ling mechanically, with clasped hands, and shining, upturned, tear besprent face. " The nightmare of my life is gone." " Pity ! Mercy !" groaned the im- postor hoarsely, and with the most abject humility. " Spare me, and I will tell you all. Her father is dead. It is fifteen years ago. I knew him, and at his death took 1 : > possession of his papers." "And the proofs of these state- ments Î Bah ! "Why should I not turn you over to justice?" asked Philip Bollard, sternly. " Mercy 1 Mercy ! For the love of God !" gasped the wretched man, grovelling upon the floor. " The ; proofs? They'shall bf» yours to-' morrow, as I live."-Jfodern Society. < 