ACTA DIURNÄ.1 i Why 'do people pay to go to a waxwoi «rhea "they can go to the City Council : nothing ? Queen Victoria will sign the Austral] Constitution with violet ink so that it m be "kept in-violet. ' It would take a pretty strong Constituti to digest all the proposals of the Fedei delegates. Bifkin : "The question oi appeal to t Pri 'y Council seemed to be the real lion the path of the BUL" . ' Snifkin : "Yes, the 74th clause was t lion's claws." . There is one remarkable feature in t ?pictures of Baden-Powell. They all agr as to the shape of his hat. The Apothecaries Company import 1 weekly mail from London, thus ensuring t freshness and effacacy of their Drugs, ai l»y large and frequent buving from tl nj anufacfcurers direct are enabled to supp at low rates.-Advt When the favorite finishes last there generally some lame excuse for it. À woman it called "Mrs." because si can't throw a stone and hit a church afc 5 yards. It is only a question of time when sn picious people find what they are lookii for. Lady (engaging a new servant) : "An pray, have yon a follower 5". Cook : "Yes'r ott he has a very poor appetite." The very best thing we can do, if we ev« reach the top round of the ladder, ia to gi safely down again as soon as we can. Trying to quiet a woman's wrath i« a goo deal hke sitting down on a bunch of Kghte fire-crackers to prevent their going off. A girl's features may be stubed on young man's heart, hat it is always ber con plerion that looms up on his coat cot Lar. "There's poetry in everything," observe tiie poet. "You're right/' said the edit»] "For instance, there's a stove full of it !" Dr. Kennedy's Pills for female complaint are procurable at the WA Apothecarie Establishments.-Advt. . Rhyme picked up in Parliament Hons just after Illingworth's questions on Tues day : The ghost of King Billy's now stalkinj abroad, ; His shadow oe'r hangs the political road ; If the Premier to keep in his o iE ce wonk hope, He must cry with the Orangemen-io H-1 with the Pope Î Old clothes.shouldn't be worn indoors because they are invariably worn ont. ~No matter how modestly a man , ii attired, if his shoes squeak he is ill dressed. We progress. Our forefathers were known as hard drinkers ; but -the present genera- tion find drinking quite an easy matter. - One of eur reporters, describing a wed- ding, said-"Kt was all over in five minutes.1 Gracious ! Sounds like a hanging. Referring to Bishsp Gibney^ explanation of tiie toast cf "The Pope and tie Queen" and "The Queen and the Pope," given at Fremantle last Sunday, he made a mistake in saying that the Queen made the Catholic Lord Mayor of London a "Knight" after he proposed a similar toast to the 'Corporation of London. Her Majesty, on the contrary, conferred on him a Baronetcy instead of the vulgar twopenny-halfpenny knighthoods which many respectable people decline to accept. Mr. Joe Charles (WA. Taft's) h¿ a whole page advertisement in the "Shanghai Daily Press" {China). His local address is 4 Pekin-road, and he announce 8 "the largest lottery in the East." Go it, Josephus ! The "Shanghai Daily Press," lately added to our exchange list, is a 12-page daily, of which no less than 10 pages are devoted to advertising. Who wouldn't.be a Chinese journalist? A 'complaint from "Kalgoorlie: Sun": Considerable-TO^ apparent among the goldfields railway . officials yes- terday when the Department failed to pay tiie salaries .due for the past month. As Monday is a hank holiday the men will not now be able to .get their money until Tues- day. This culpable neglect on the part of the paymaster or official responsible should be immediately inquired into. It ig simply outrageous to keep the men so long oat of their hard-earned wages. Nb wonder theta is so much dissatisfaction in tiie service when employees are treated in this shabhv ¡manner. Needless to say. General Mis Manager Davies and Chief Traffic Messer Short drew tijeir own fat screws on the tick Of toe clock, Brisbane lawyer took an j o ince in a place long occupied as a boot shop. A genial Hibernian, who had been an old customer of that shop and knew nothing about the change, strolled into the lawyer's office and looked round in some surprise. The lawyer was seated at " th* table. "What moight yez be Sellin' heear?" . sud the descendant of one of the heroes of the battle of Clontarf. "Oh, we sell fools here," said the lawyer pleasantly. "Be jabsrs, yer doin' a moighty foina trade whin yiv only wan left," said the visitor still more pleasantly, and the lawyer realised that he had accumulated a balance on the wrong side. ""Years ago à résident of this deletable region, who had been on a protracted 'hurst,' passed in his checks soBtewhat sud- denly. It was the opinion of Some that his too conscientious friends, by a well-meant disinclination to administer stimulants-in tact, bv preventing hint from 'tapering off,5 had really caused the Catastrophe An in- quest was held at whiái the writer was a juryman, and the foreman produced the fol- lowing written Verdict, purporting to em fa ady the views of'the jury :-'We find that the diseased .dide of too much wiskey, but we rider a littife more mite have saved .him/ "-"Murchison Chronicler." ? '"The -principal establishment of tho WAJ Apothecaries Company is No. 466 Hay-'j street, Perth. Mr. H. C. Armstrong is the | manari ni; director.-Advt. Harry : "I cannot offer yon wealth. Marie ; my brains are all the fortune 11 Marie : "Oh, Hairy, if you are ss badly I off as that I am afraid papa will never give, his consent." The annual volume of criminal statistics just published shows the least criminal j county in England and Wales is Celtic j Cornwall. The most criminal county is Monmouth, then after a long interval Gla- ¡ morgan, then London. For drunkenness Northumberland is the worst, having nearly j twice the proportion of cases as London and Lancashire. Bat this m av be due to a different police system. Iii Ireland Orange j Belfast is the most criminal. AU the sea- I ports are black, especially for crimes of j violence. . L ? BONG OF THE BANANA PEEL. Like a bar of the beaten, gold, I gleam in the summer BOD ; I am li ttl«, I knew, but I think I can throw The fellow who weighs a ton. I send out no challenge bolo, I blow nie no faulting horn, But *oolish is he who treadeth on me Hell wish he had never been born. like the flower pi the field, vain man . Lifts his head at the Sawn of the day ; Bat when he «hall feel mr grip on his heel, Like the stubble he fadeth away ; For I lift him high op in the air,. With his heels where his head ought to j ^ be; -j With a down-coming crash be maketh bis ¡ mash, And I know he's clean gone on me. Men laugh me to «cora x>a the stand, Where Pm qolet and humble and meek ; MV talent is one, bat the deeds I have do», Hare made callar grating^ to creak. , Pm a red-hot Republican bprn, , And a Nihilist fearless I be ; Though tiie head wons a crown, Iwoaldi bring it low down, : If it sets ita proud heel upon me. S. B. Nlckum, the Indiana man who an- nounced that he had discovered a means of j making a wonderful light without wires or j current, infuses to discuss his invention yet, ; and, as far as possible;? avoids all seekers I after information. The inventor's brother ' states that the light is contained in a round glass globe or sphere in ¡which so called gravitation is cut - off. . The lights can bç, made of almost any ^rîli|ancyi~ from J¿mv Size of a pea to that of the;, most powerful; arc light, or even greater.1 The light is a beautiful, never-flickering white tight,, and when the globes are once made and sealed remains constant. There, are no wires, and ho electric current is used,, but the light never goes out and, when nob in use, can be placed in a bureau drawer or any convenient Elace until needed. The globe is cold, ¿here eing no loss of. heat oe movement from the interior to the outside; There is no possi- bility pf a fire resulting from the use of the globe, for the instant there is a crack in the globe the light frill be extinguished. They j can be broken in a keg' of gunpowder with-1 ont the slightest danger bf an explèaÎQn. I The "nature of construction or process-by j which this new light is proauced the inven- : tor will not at present make public, but a j light produced hy the ever- present and per- petual vibration of matter is declared ,to be an accomplished fact, and a practical exhibi- tion of the light will be made in the: near j future. Mr. James Healy, of the Frisco Tailoring Establishment, High-street, Fremantle, re- ports another large consignment of the cele- brated Blarney and Navan (Clayton and Bons) tweeds, in new-and popular shades.. Also a grand ^parcel" oíííl^ shirts, collars, and metfs hosiery, Melton cBbeterfieloís and ] winter overcoats, at lowest .pospfce pnces. I Tte "Prisco'' is e\adently^jüig 6ö5ongly on the topjgrade, as the proflrie^^findsaà^ j tailors to meet the OB manda of his^largely- ] increased circle of ,cu|tomef8.^ Since the in- troduction ' of fjrçse; iinjversa4y| known j t woods their popffltetgr j^sr^bnejan inpreas ing as their etenh^jpBÉ^ he^liie tmore ] widely known. "Reynold's ltewspap several days afb Dublin, a group« for their eagerness to accompany the Queen; 1 They wore cyclist costume sweater, open j jacket, cap, knickers, and some of I them: floated, neckerchiefs1 in the approved scorcher style. - Na; one thought them to, be other titan theirlÉÉmearancë. denoted) -until one day when^^^^or^ot themselves/atod. followed the^Qae&ira; carriage right into the private gjrpunds of the' Viceregal Lodge. j Then the^-Dublin public awoke to the fact that theselpyal cyclists were part of Super- intendent Melville's detachment from Scot, j land Yard. An English Conservative journal, "The j Review of the Week," is very severe in its criticism of the Commonwealth Bill because pf ito démocratie principles. The Journal j write* thus Instead of seriously and resolutely considering what would be the I best and safest legislative equipment for af new Federal State, the Convention' at oncer went in the line of the least resistance to [ the lowest unit. The House of Representa- j tives is to be elected for three years by manhood suffrage in every colony where j manhood suffrage exists, and by female suffrage also, where that exist3. In other words, the rulers of the Commonwealth are to be not the representatives of the people, but the delegates of the mob It might have been supposed that the danger from this I cause would be obviated by due prövisiQD > regarding tho 'Upper' Fjyizi. By no] means. The ' Upper ' PïonSe la deUberately made as low as tba Ocher, if not lower. The members of the Senate are to be elected by exactly the same people as the members of the House of Representatives, with this difference, that for the Senate each colony or * State ' is to be one constituency.. That is to say, all the members of the Senate for each State, six in number, are to be elected at ones for six years qy the whoie body of men, or men and women, in that State. Thus, if there should be a flood of opinion at the time of élection in any State on any j question at the time of election the minority will be totally unrepresented in the Senate for six years. A more effective way of depriving the Upper House of all authority, or of all conservative potency, could not be contrived." If anything in the world would persuade Australians to vote "Yes," it is this, it is this ! Couplet from an old Radical ballad recited at Hyde Park (London) meetings ; F stands for English Freedom, that we hear so much about ; When you've got no dinner, you're free to go without. Dr. Calmette, who was, 6ome years ago, one of the most brilliant pupils of Pasteur, and is the brother of M. Gaston Calmette, the well-known writer on the " Figaro," is credited with having made an important medical discovery, namely, that 01 a per- fectly eflicatious antidote for snake bit«. This consists of a 1 per cent, salution ut chloride of gold, 10 drops of which injected into a guinea-pig, pigeon, or rabbit immedi- ately eunice to uestroy the toxic nature of a drop of the snake venom. Five or 1Ü cubic centimetres of the solution are sufficient to counteract the poison ot a bite which is fatal to a dog, a monkey, and probably to a man. The dose has no ill-effects, lt causes no pain, and by increasing it, absolute im- munity ironi the poison is obtained The sole condition to be fulfilled is that the solu- tion should be reliable, sterilized, and kept in a dark phial to preserve it from tue influence of sunlight, lt is injected with an ordinary hypodermic syringe. Dr. Calmette, who is director of the Bacteriological Insti- tute at Saigon, has been engaged for some time past m the study of antidotes for various microbio diseases, notably cholera and the pest. THE DOOM OF THE DUAD. They're crossing the river-the Vaal-the last; They're clearing the Orange with foot and horse; They're marching in echelon-forced and fast ; Their tramp is the tread of a tireless force. They come with the roar of the burning pine : Of billows that break on the groaning deck. With doom to the duarehy - Kruger : bteyn To Never-Again is ito final trek« From donga and kopje : from schanz and t trench, The men of the mauser have flown and fled They dart from the sweep of the net of French : They shrink from the horror of Cronje'e bed. A Caesar has ferried the burgher's Rhine: The Rand is upraising its heel-trod neck. Alas ! for the duarehy -Kruger : Steyn-: To Never-Again in its final trek. -G.F.C. in " Adelaide Critic." It is commonly asked what does Rhodes want, seeing that he -is already a multi- millionaire ? (says an English correspon- dent.} I was speaking to a mining engineer, a man of great influence and position, -vito has just returned from South Africa. He . says that Rhodes is in reality a most penurious man; that when he gives it is a calculated generosity, that the key to. his character is the love of money, and the desire to be victor in South Africa ; that he is in reality no Imperialist, ready to sell the British Government, and that his Cane to Cairo Railway scheme was nothing better than a huge Utopian conspiracy to save barren and bankrupt Rhodesia from being ' entirely abandoned by linking that corpse country with the Transvaal, which in mineral wealth is the richest territory in the world. An Australian, whose leg had been broken, was found lying between nome boulders unable to move, by a young Boer, who, addressing him in faultless English, said, " Are you much hurt, old man ? Shall I get you a drink of water? Now I have two peaches in my pocket, will you have those ! You will be very faint there with I tins sun pouring down on yon," and the ] young Boer, having made the last remark, immediately sat on the boulder for an hour and a half, so that the shadow of his body might fall on his wounded foe. Meanwhile the two discussed politics, and the Boer declared that in the long run the English would overwhelm the Boers, but the price they would pay for victory would be ap- palling. An English paper:-The War office is wasting a lot of energy in endeavouring to conceal from the public the total of the British casualties in the war, and if similar tactics were adopted by the Boers we should hear much about their "slimness," and their capacity, for lying. The War Office tables show that the " grand total " inp to j date is 18,383, but so far from being the j "grand total " it is arrived at after much patient juggling of the actual figures. This "grand total, for example, takes no ac- count of the 293 officers and 4,412 men sent home for various reasons, or of the 13,000 men now located in various hospitals in South Africa. Particulars are also withheld as to the wounded and killed amongst civilians on the British side, so that the actual British casualties must be reckoned on the lowest computation at over 40,000, and as this fact is slowly but surely becom- ing known to the whole public, the War Office is not likely tia any longer find its policy of concealment and deception a wise one, " Mr. W. M. Crock, late editor of tiie ' London Echo,' and formerly Secretary of the Eighty Club, was on Saturday enter- tained at dinner at the Hotel CeciL London, when the chair was taken by Mr. G. W. E. Russell. Lord Coleridge, in proposing the independence of the Press, congratulated Mr. Crock upon having freely advocated his opinions in regard to the present war. Mr. Crock said that although nc was not a peace j at any price man, he would give a great ! price for peace, and he believed the verdict; of history would be in favour of the minority, that the present war was unjust." -If only Crock had lived in Australia ! lt is a foregone conclusion that Engalnd must ultimately be victorious in the Trans vaaL and it is equally certain that we mus* CDntinue to secare the patronage of the public of W.A. We have the best supplies, the best attendants, in fact, we refuse any- thing that cannot be considered best. Our numerous clients are perfectly satisfied, and repeatedly tell us that they cannot un- derstand wliy people tolerate thc treatment the}' receive elsewhere, when every atten- tion can be secured by ringing up HOIRIES baos. & Co., Premier Butchers, Fremantle, Perth, North Fremantle, East Perth, Lsederville, Claremont, Cottesloe, and , Guildford. A Guildford correspondent complains that the police at that sylvan town the other day arrested an old town-crier whose chief offence was beiug a target for some stone throwing boys. The constable arrested the old man l>ecause he couldn't run while the boys could. Are rou listening, Mr. Com- missioner ? Electors, until the new Electoral Associa- tion is formed, will do well to beware of the itinerant canvasser, who, out of sheer goodness of heart, professes to want to put your came on the rolL In manv cases he is the agent of people who want to disfran- chise electors, and the papers will never see the Registrar's office. The SUNDAY Cares has an agent out in the person of Mr. li. M. ? Campbell, who will enroll anyone quite irrespective of political predilections. Thus a correspondent :- " The Rev. G. E. Rowe overlooks one important detail in Sir Stuart Knill's case, ile gave the boast of the Pope and Queen in the Mansion Rouse -a public building belonging to the City of London. Hence his action wai censurable. Bishop Gibney gave the toast of the Pope and Queen in his own house, or rather, perhaps, in the Pope's house, which makes a_ lot of difference. If the public were in- vited to the opening of a Mohamedan Mosque, thc first toast they woald hear would be that of the Sultan of Turkey as Khalifa, Commander of the Faithful and Sheik-nl-Islani. After that the Queen. Would this be disloyal or disrespectful to Her Majesty ? I have attended an A%han festivity in Coolgardie, where the order was "The Sultan;" "The Ameer," and then '* The Queen." Nobody took a bit of noftae. The fact is it is not loyalty but b%oé)- at the bottom of the présent row." Sample of the slush now surging through the columns of the " Waste Aroa.1' : " Cannot Sir John see that if he is going to patronise the Romanists he must forfeit the homage of the Protestants ? Cannot h« ¿see the craftiness and the arrogant assumptions of the Church of Rome? Cannot he see the blasphemous nature of her doctrines after the discourse he heard upon the,'Real Presence ' on S un dav morning? Cannot he see the outrageous disloyalty of placing the name of an Italian priest before the name of Victoria the Queen ? Has he no knowledge of history, and does he not know that that Church which he befriends and panders to has fomented great wars, generated endless intrigues, dyed her garments with the blood of millions of God £ saints, and that, with such an awful history, she still proudly declares that she is unchangeable, that she is ' Semper idem ? ' I boldly affirm that the action of Sir .John Forrest and those repre- sentative Protestants who were present at the Roman Catholic banquet when the name of the Pope was placed before that of the Queen is an insult to the Protestant popula-,, lion of this colony, an affront to Her Majesty, and the most glaring act of dis- loyalty that has been committed under the Southern Cross." Hand down the liar : Up to our necks in Papist blood, Up to our knees in slaughter ; Oh ! didn't Rowe give the clargy h-ll * On the banks of the Perth Water ! Tlie elections are coming fast, me boys ; 'Tis a good cry we're after, So we'll turn loose the Yellow Pap On the banks of the Perth Water ! And when the polls are over, boys, And the sects ha^e done their slaughter, . Reform'll be forgot and all such rot On the banks the Perth Water 1 Yarrah ! Yerrow ! ! The " Vierkleur," or four-coloured flag of the Transvaal, owes its origin to a bit of history that few people remember nowa- days. When the Transvaal Boers first in- duced Great Britain to recognise their inde- pendence, which was *~y the Sand River Convention of 1852, the country consisted of four Republics- Potchefstroom, Zout pansberg, Lydenburg, and Utrecht. AU of them were independent of one another, although .endeavours were made to estab- lish something in the nature of common laws by the election of one Volksraad or Legislative Assembly. Twelve years passed, however, before they actually federated, and then it was a threatened war with their neighbours on the other side of the Vaal River that clinched the business. Martin us Prêterions was the first President of a united Transvaal, and Paul Kruger was the first Commander-in -Chief of the Republic*« forces. The four- coloured flag commemor- ated the union. Some people are now very sorry the Rob- son enquiry ever started. The more they stir that pot the more it will stink. . .A -coming battle-between the friendly societies and the Perth Hospital. A brilliant idea from More-Ann's speech on the Robson charges : "The Opposition would like the members of the Government to appear before the country with the un- proved charges around their necks." If it were possible to hang the charges round Ministerial necks--big as is the circumfer- ence of some of them-and send the accused to the country, the country would strain its eyesight in vain to she them. There would be no members visible-just simply Charges (with a big C) trailing down around the feet and spreading around in the country. Thus a correspondent :-I was one of the crowd standing outside the Town Hall, hav ing been called there through some of Laps ley's men belting the tonality out of the fin bell with a waddy on the occasion of thc end of the war. At least, that's what Whiskers Petherick said had happened, foi he posted a sheet, printed in Boer's blood, announcing that fact, and winding up witt "God Save the Queen." A burly (thej always are) policeman, who heard a mai read the last portion, loudly ejaculate* "God save Ireland," which drew a fes "bear, hears" and an. "amen" from thoa close around him. Now, where's Grand In quisitor Bickford with his pitchfork? H should have the whole force put througl the oath-of-allegiance process once more. Messrs. E. J. Bickford and Co. intimât that their new warehouse is now open fo the transaction of business. The firm advei tise that every article on exhibition is abst iutely new and of modern design in dinin| room, drawing- room, bedroom, boudoir an oifiee furniture, and furniture for club: hotels, coffee palaces and every other kin of institution. It is added that linoleum silk draperies of the latest patterns, rug j mats, table rentres, table- cloths, chai ' backs, art screens, curtains, muslins, bric) j a brae, fancy china and Japanese goods ai j operad at prices that should command a immediate salo.-Advt. 