THE LOST SHEPHERD. By, V. W. A great proportion of my readers will, ?,sdoubt. le so familiar with every phl-e of Australian life that any at emp t upon my part to make them ac quainted with the duties and manner of existence of a Victorian shepherd is 5uite needless; but there may be a few who have never seen the broad. rolling plains of our Australia, or the woolly backs of a large flock moving in search of feed under the scattered trees of a park-lihke forest. It is an interesting sight, when the feed is good, and the countless sheep do not look starved, as they do, poor things, in those terrible dry years, when every blade of grass is burnt up tiv a fiery sun, and there is not a drop of water for wide miles. Then the shetherd's lot is a hard one; to walk as qaickly as the poor animals do who are eagerly pushing on to snatch a stray dry blade here, and another there, and in vain hope, no doubt, of seeing some clear water-pool, for which the weary animals are longing, is no easy task. Even the poor, faithful dog is worn out, rounding in the flock with a hoarse bark, for his tongue is dry and hot: he is glad, when a moment's rest is permittedl him, to fall down under the shade of a bush and pant in peace for a second or two, out of the fearful sun-rays that pour'down with killing intensity. But there are many pleasant sum mers when the shepherd's life must be an easy one. Rich grass growing thickly tunder the shady trees prevents the flock from wishing to wander far ther than the near creek, where deep waterholes reflect the branches that droop over them ; and then the shep herd can stretch himself under a bush and sleep, or read, or smoke, as his tastes may incline him, until the sun warns him that he has barely time to drive the flock home to the yard, near his hut, before dark. To the married shepherd, whose "hut keeper" Is his own wife, and who can look forward to seeing the little band of children running out to meet him, and tihe favorite dog, as they return, the hour of evening must fully repay him for all the tedious loneliness of the day. The bhark "hut" in the midst of the still bush, perhaps miles from any other home. is very often a pleasant sight; you come upon a foot-track, it may be worn by the children's pattering feet trudging to and fro from the nearest Cotmmon School, and if you follow it for miles through wattle bushes, tall and drooping peppermint trees, or stout and gaunt euealypti, you will come upon a rude home, so suited in appeurance to its surrounding loneliness and Iush that you cannot help adinlr ing its locality; although one might tind a long residence there like ban ishment from the outer world. The Rock Hut on the station of Wairnn was situated at the foot of a hill covered with granite boulders, from whence its name. A creek, with the usual deviousness of Australian creeks, twisted and turned almost round upon itself over the near "flat" ; and green ness. such as only an Australian has ever seen, enveloped the hut upon every =ids. It was apparent that the Rock Hut was under the influence of woman, for larn door fowl were pecking about the door, and goats, with young, frisking kids. were resting in its shadow ;-while now and then a pretty young woman might be seen bustling in and out as she attended to her household duties. It was still early in the forenoon of a lovely summer day, when along the faint track, worn through the grass by the cart which brought " rations " from the home station to the Rock Hut, a man on horseback made his appear ance; and as he slowly rides toward the hut, I will try and describe him to you. Harper Castles was a stockrider on the station of Wairan, and he was a good-looking young man, of not more than twenty-dive years at most. His fair hair was curly and glossy, his brown whiskers and moustache care fully tendoed, and there was almost a womanly prettiness in his small, delic ate features, and in the softness of his blue eyes. HIe had a gentlemanly air, too, and laid all the attention to his dress that youth and tt sense of his own good looks were sure to generate. His rid ing-boots were carefully polished, and of the best material and tit; his gay, Crimean shirt, shown to advantage, as lie wore neither coat nor vest, was the tinest that money could purchase; and the Panama bat that partially covered his glossy hair was the very finest made. The horse he rode was his own, and a great favorite. It was a half-blood, bright bay, and Harper was proud of its boasted speed and of the slender, shining limbs that were so well adapt ed to sudden roundings after the cattle in the wild bush. LAs the jaunty stockrider pulled up at the Rock Hut, a very pretty and youth ful woman came to the door. She was only about eighteen years old, and many were the wonders of the people on tie station however so gentle and sulperior a woman had come to be the wife of an elderly, crabbed man like surly Jerry Round. The shepherd was a widower, with a son of some fifteen years, who lived with him at the Rock Hut; and, how ever it happened, true enough it was that pretty Ellen was the wife of Jerry, and had only been married to him a short time when they came to Walran. "Good- morning, Mrs. Round; I am really glad to see you once more going about. How is the baby ?' "Oh, he's all right, Mr. Castles, thank youa. He's asleep just now, and thriv ing finely," replied the shepherd's wife, with a blush. "Where are you going to-day ?' "I'm going to the township, Mrs. Round, and as it was only about a mile out of my way, I came to see If I could bring you anything from the store. I heard Terry saying the other day that you wanted some little thing in the drapery line." " It is very kind of you, Mr. Castles. I do often wish we were a little nearer the township; but nine miles and back is quite too much for me to walk, more especially now that baby's here. It was somethlling to make a pair of trousers for Toun that we wanted, and you would be a better judge than me as to a good stout wearing piece." " What sort of trousering, Mrs. Round -is It woollen ? or what ?" " Upon my word I scarcely know. I wish you could see Jerry himself, and ask him." " Where is lie to-day ?" S"lie took the flock down to Green Flat this morning ; he hasn't been round that way for a good while now, and the creek is handy." " Ah, you see that's entirely out of my way; but couldn't you give me some idea. yourself ? Are the trousers to be for every day, or Sundays ?" "Oh ! a sort of better pair, Mr. Castles." "Well, then, I'll make a guess, Mrs. Round, and if it don't suit, why I'll get you to make a jumper out of it for my self : and now good-bye to you." " Good-bye, Mr. Castles." Harper rode off like an arrow from a bow, but he sighed heavily as he rode; and as Mrs. Round looked after him until he disappeared in the distant bush, she sighed, most strange to say, too. But she soon turned to look fondly on the sleeping infant in the cradle, and in watching the soft, peachy cheeks and rounded limbs with all a mother's admiration, she soon forgot the cause of her sigh, if she had ever time to analyse it. It was not very late in the afternoon when IIarper came scouring, with the speed of a steeplechase, over the grass, and Tom, who had returned from the school he had been attending for some mouths, hastened out to the door to see the material in which he was so much Interested. "Mother. here's MIr. Castles. Did you bring the stuff, Mr. Castles 7" " I did, my boy," replied Harper, who looked heated and hurried ; and as Mrs Round came to his side he handed her the parcel. "I can't wait till you examine it. Mrs. Round, for I'm rather late, and I have to ride-in some horses to the home station ; but if it does not please Jerry, just make it into a junimper for'me, will you, like a kind creature ?" " All right,-sir. "But I don't think Nelly ought to do much more to-day; she's terribly warm." - "Yes," replied Harper, patting his mare's neck, "she is warm; it has been a very hot day, and I feel it my self. Will you give me a drink of cold tean, if you have it ?" Mrs. Round brought him the tea; and then the stockrlder bade her good afternoon, and rode away. About two miles from the Rock Hut, at the crossing of a creek, was a road side inn, and the pretty barmaid of the said inn was considered to be what is colonially ternled "shook" after the good-looking - young stockrider. Whether or not Harper returned her ad miration, which was pretty evident, Sarah herself had not yet found out; but a smile from Harper, and an in sinuating compliment, spoken in a low voice, made the poor girl happy for a week after. On the afternoon in question, Harper took tile "Creek Hotel" on his way, and as he did not dismount, Sarah was soon out to pay attention to his wants. "How warm you look, Harper, and how tired ! Are you going to have anything ?" "Yes; bring me some brandy and water, like a dear girl. It has been an awful hot day, and I've been at the Back township." " Won't you get down ?" " No, Sarah, I'm in a hurry ; so, do be quick, like a dear." Sarah soon returned with the re quired refreshment, and as Harper drank it she remarked that his hand, as he lifted It, trembled like a leaf. "You look as pale as a ghost," she said. as she received the glass from his hand. and slipped it into the mouth of the water-jug she carried in her hand. "'The sun has been dreadful to-day," said the young rider, bending over his saddle as if to examine his right spur. "Such weather is enough to kill the strongest man in the world." What was it he saw that sent the blood mounting up to his temples, and caused him to bury his spurs so deeply into Nelly's sides that she almost rdared. and turned round until she had placed her opposite side to Sarah ? " What's the matter with Nelly, Har per ? I never saw her play up like that." "She's in a hurry to go, Sarah, that's all. I say, have you got a handker chief in your pocket 7? I've lost mine, and my head is like to split ; I'm afraid I've got a touch of a sunstroke." Sarah drew from her pocket her white handkerchief, and with a commiserat ing look handed it to Harper. He took it, and spread it out on his knee with trembling fingers. Sarah's name was marked in one corner, and he read ft aloud. "'Sarah Elves,' a pretty, sweet name -far prettier than Sarah Castles. Sarah, do you love me ?" he asked, sud denly lifting his head, and looking down into the affectionate eyes of the pretty girl. "It is not a fair time to ask such a question. Harper," she replied, blush ing with happiness. " Well, I shall ask it at a more favor able one, dear girl. Meanwhile, you do not say no 7' "I do not say no, Harper." " Thank you, darling. And now, may I keep this handkerchief to remind you of this ?" " You may." Harper crumpled up the handkerchief in his hand, and pressed it to his lips; then he took the jug from Sarah, and, dipping the cambric in the water, he took off his hat, and began wiping his face and forehead. " I am sorry you don't feel well, dear HIarper. But hear, there's Mrs. Sims calling me." "I will wait for you, Sarah; and bring me another glass when you come back." At Harper's saddle-bow, in a pocket prepared for the purpose, rested the head of a bright tomahawk, an article which every bushman is sure to find useful. It formed a balance, as it were, to the coiled stock whip, with its daintily- carved snyall handle, that hung on the right side of the saddle. No sooner did Sarah turn her back than Iatrper drew this tomahawk from its pocket. and coumenced carefully rub hing it with the barmaid's moistened handl:erchief. He seemed very particu lar, but the little axe was returned to its place, and the cambric in his pocket when Sarah came back. "Here is your drink, Harper ; are you isetter now ?" "Yes. Sarah, thank you; and now I must be off." " When will you be going to the Rock Huit ?" "The Rock Hut ! Let me see, not to-morrow, for I'm going to Swinton's. but the day after I'll be in that direc tion, I think. What can I do for you?" Mrs. Sims says, will you be good enough to ask Mrs. Round to keep every egg she can spare for us ; every one of our fowls has knocked of laying !" " I'll not forget ; and now, good-bye, darling; don't forget me, Sarah, will yOU ?" " Oh, no !" " I'll be round in a day or two." "For the evening ?" " Yes, for the evening, if I can man age it !" and away rode the young man. leaving Sarah Elves with a happier heart than she had ever known in her life before. It was rather a strange destination or fate to which Harper Castles consigned the pocket handkerchief, with thle "pretty sweet name" on it, and which Sarah Elves fancied he considered such a treasure. When he had reached a lonely spot in the bush, on his way home, he alighted from Nelly's back, and, gathering together a small heap of dry bushes, he lighted a match and set fire to them. Then he carefully spread the square of soiled cambric on the top, and watched until every scrap of it was consumed, when, after scattering the very ashes, with a portion of an un burnt branch, he remounted and rode home. The following early morning saw Harper once more on horseback. He had to attend a pound sale, at a dis tance of twenty miles, his employer wishing to secure some horses that were expected to go very cheap; and it was late at night before he returned. Mr. Campbell, the proprietor of Wairan, himself met him in the stable yard. "I have been longing for you all day, Castles," he said ; "the shep herd, Round, is missing; and there is not a man on the station knows the run as well as you do." "The shepherd, Round, sir, missing !" "Yes; his dog and flock returned without him last night, it seems : and early this morning his boy, Tom, was over to tell us about it. The men have been scouring about all day, but they have been unsuccessful." "That's a bad job, dMr. Campbell : I suppose I can do nothing to-night ?" "No, nothing ! Why, it's as dark as pitch, and there is no moon. io, we can only begin again in the morning." " What can it be, sir ? Don't you think he may have bolted, like Jack did ?" "Not likely, I think; Jerry has a young wife, and infant, too. No; it may be a fit or something, but God olnly knows." The next day was spent in riding through the bush In every direction near the place where Jerry was sup posed to have taken his flock. Par ties of men on foot, too, looked through the undergrowth; and in vain upon the dry grass, tried to find tracks of the missing man. Thus passed several days, and al though the services of the distant po lice were sought and obtained, nothing could be discovered of Jerry, the shep herd of Wairan. It wa:s a week before Harper ventured to visit the despairing Mrs. Round. If she ihad not either loved or esteemed the ill-tempered man, whose name she had accepted as a resource from poverty and temptation. he was at least the father of the baby who lay in its cradle; and the unknown manner of what she was sure was his death lay heavily at her heart, and shrouded her in gloom. At length Harper dismounted at the door of the now sad-looking Rock Hut. and fastening Nelly to the post, he did what he had never done before-he en tered the hut, and advanced to the young woman, who sat leaning against the side of the rude chimney, looking at the baby that lay asleep in the cradle at her foot. She rose at Harper's entrance, and si lently took the hand he held out to her, while the expression of sympathy that the very action conveyed was quite sufficient to cause the tears to run down over her pale cheeks. " It is very bad, dear Mrs. Rouil ; but do not give way if you can help it. I shosuld have come before, only I did not like to face you until it was useless for man to search more." "God reward yon, Mr. Castles : Wherever it is, now it is all over ! It is not," she cried, bursting into a fit of sobs, "it is not the loss, though it is bad enough for the fatherless child; but to think of Jerry lying dying, per haps for days, in the bush, and no help near him, or no one to hear his last sigh I" How Harper's heart bounded, even though his face paled at her words! How he rejoiced to hear her acknow ledge that it was not for herself she missed him ! "Dear Ellen," hle said, calling her for the first time by her Christian name, "poor Jerry cannot have died as you think, or we should have found the body." " What way, then ?-what way, Mr. Castles, or how ?" "God knows. Perhaps he slipped into the 'Deep Waterhole' when get ting a drink; that seems to be the general opinion." " But it has been dragged." "The Deep Waterhole couldn't be dralgged to the bottom, Mrs. Round. During the most terrible drought Aus tralia has ever known, the bottom of that lhole has never been seen; it is supplosed it goes down in a cleft of the reef that runs through it, for the water is always a little brackish." Mrs. Round sighed as she tried to com pose herself, and rocked with her foot the cradle of the moving infant. " What do you intend to do, Ellen ?" inquired the stockrlder, drawing his stool nearer her, and looking tenderly into her pale face. "I came over on purpose to ask you, and to tell you that while Harper Castles has a strong pair of atrmsle, neither you nor your dear in fant shall want home or subsistence." Ellen Round could not reply; she could only look her gratitude, through tears, into the white face of her trembling visitor. "Tom is all right," continued he; " Mr. Campbell says he can well take care of the flock-Jerry's flock," he added. "But I do not think you can live here now, Ellen, so lone, and In the bush." "Oh, yes ! If Tom stays with the flock I shall he all right," said the poor woman, trying to smile-" I can still be • hutkeeper,' you know." And so it was. Weeks passed into months, and Tom Round carefully tended his father's flock, and his young stepmother shared his rations. Harper Castles was a constant friend, and many little presents he brought to the IRock Hut that comforted and assisted its inmates. At length people began to whisper that Harper Castles was anxious to make Ellen Round his wife, and that the uncertainty of her husband's death alone prevented her from giving a glad consent. And the report was true, for Harper had confided his wish to Mr. Campbell, and sought his advice. Things were in this state, when one night, the Rock Hut being steeped In the still darkness of the Australian bush, Ellen Round roused up her step son, who slept on a stretcher at a right angle with her own bed. " Tom ! Tom ! for God's sake, waken up !" " What is it, mother ?" cried the lad, starting up. "Oh, look, Tom ! your father is in the hut. Oh, my God in heaven above ! Look at his face !" " Mother, you are dreaming !" cried the frightened boy, starting forward, and shaking the horrified woman. "See, there is nothing; you are only dream ing." "ALre you blind, Tom ?" she whis pered, with a shudder. "Look just in front of the door, near the stool oh! oh !" And the frightened crea ture fell back upon her bed in a faint. Tom Round was only a lad, but he was no coward. One glance had con vinced him that it was only fancy upon his mother's part ; for the logs, which are so plenty in Australian bush homes; and which the wet night had rendered acceptable in the chimney, were burn ing brightly enough to illume the small hut, in which there was neither corner nor cupboard to form a hiding-place. So Tom rose, and lighted a candle, and his stepmother soon recovered, to feel glad when the first gleaun of day peeped be tween the slabs of the hut. This dream, or vision, or whatever it was, made a deep impression on Ellen Round. As it happened, Harper did not make his appearance at the Rock Hut upon that day, and the pretty ner vous woman was sorry for it; for she was doubly anxious to see and impart to him her convictions of the night. All day she went about like one un der the influence of a terror, even in the sunny light of a Victorian day; and as the night came on, and Tom had yarded his flock, she was almost too territied to try and rest, so sure was she that Jerry had been foully mur dered, and that he would visit her nightly until his body had been dis covered. And, sure enough, in the dead of the night, she once more arousFd the terri fied boy. He had taken care to have a good, blazing fire, but in the same spot near the door she still declared while the perspiration stood like dew upon her forehead, that her dead hus band stood and waited. Ellen Round had remembered, among some of the old legends of her child hood, that a visitant from the world o spirits was not permitted to speak un til a mortal had first addressed It; so, with a courage inspired by terror and desperation, she spoke. " Jerry, in God's name, speak !" But there was no answer, only the pleading voice of Tom, assuring her that the vision existed only in her own imagination. " Can I not see, mother ? The hut's as light as day, and there is not even :L shadow between us and the door." But Ellen only shook her head, and sat up watching until she could no longer see the dreadful form of the dead shep herd. It was a glad sight to poor Ellen, as she stood, pale and weary from her fears and night watches, at the hut door, when the handsome figure of Har per Castles alighted from his horse, and came to greet her. There was no re straint between them now, and a per feet understanding, pretty Ellen thought-for she loved him as she had never known how to love before. "Did you miss me yestorday, Ellen love 2" he asked, as he foldeo ner in his arms. "I could not come, far we were branding, and the day seemed terribly long to me." " Oh, Harper, I did indeed miss you. I had such a terrible thing to tell you. Oh. Harper, I've seen Jerry i" The stockrlder staggered back as if he had received a blow from some un seen hand, and he became whiter than Nelly's saddle-cloth, which, with its crimson binding, he was so careful to keel) clean. " Seen Jerry !" " Yes, as sure as I see you, Harper ! He came the night before last, and stood just where you stand now, and looked at me with a look that I can never forget." harper hastily moved from the place where he stood, looking with terror be hlind him as he did so; but then, with a strong effort, he recovered himself, and tried to smile at Ellen's supersti tion. " Dear Ellen, you are so nervous and imaginative. If Jerry is really dead as we have no doubt he is-it is not possible that he should return in the body, which is surely rotten by this time." As HIarper tried to speak so con fidently, however, he shuddered from he'ad to foot. " I know all that you would say, dear IHarper; but truth is truth, and Jerry has come to call for vengeance! It might have been a dream or imagina tion, if you will, the first night, but I saw him again last night, and spoke to him, and, as sure as there is a heaven above us, Jerry has been murdered." " Murdered !" Harper gasped out that one word, and leaned against the wall for sup port. " Murdered, Ellen ?" " Yes ; he had no eyes, for a horrible cut in the middle of his face seemed to have crushed all the bones in: and, oh, HIarper, although he had no eyes, I felt him looking at me, and he seemed to look with blood i" Harper staggered back and fell into a seat, his white face and quivering fea tures frightening the poor, loving Ellen so that she blamed herself for telling Harper at all. " Oh, don't be so horrified, dear Har per ! 'erhaps it was only fancy, after all. and I will try and get over it. Rouse up, like a dear fellow, and never inid Imy foolishness. A" re you sure, Ellen," whispered he, making a terrible effort to get a rea sonlable excuse for his emotion, "are you quite sure, it was not he himself alive ?" " Poor, dear fellow !" thought Mrs. Round, " lie is afraid he will lose me;' and then she replied aloud, " I am quite sure, dear Harper-as sure as I am that he is really dead." The young stockman left soon after, and Ellen Round watched him anxiously as he rode, more like a mad man than a sane being, through the dim distance of the bush; and the sigh with which she returned to the cradle of her infant had as much in it of fear for his reckless riding as sorrow for the loss of his society. About two hours after, upon that very day, Nelly, the favorite mare of Harper Castles, galloped into the stable yard of Wairan homestead riderless. Such aln, unusual circumstance, of course, created the greatest alarm, es pecially in the mind of Mr. Campbell, with whom Harper had always been a great favorite. Upon examination, one of the stirrup leathers was found to be broken, and no further doubts were entertained that the young man had met with some ac cident. l'arties were sent in search, and one who proceeded by the direct road to the Rock Hut found him extended, insen sible, beside a fallen tree, and Sarah Elves, the pretty barmaid, weeping bit terly and helplessly beside him. Sarah had seen the well-known mare galloping wildly, and without master, past the hotel; and, rushing out to fol low the track of the horse, she had been the first to discover the prostrate form of Harper. He was gently carried to the home stead, and the best medical advice the district afforded was procured for him. It was found that he was suffering un der severe concussion of the brain, and the doctor held out no hopes of his re covery. He died upon the evening of the following day ; but, during a short period of consciousness before the last struggle, he imparted to his horrified employer that he was the murderer of the lost shepherd. It is needless to give the unfortunate young man's confession in his own broken and agonised words. It will be better that I give you the substance of it simply, and state its consequences. Upon that-to Harper Castles-fear ful morning when he parted from Ellen Hound with a commission to procure her some drapery from the township store, he rode away with the passion he had long felt for the gentle Ellen, in creased almost to desperation by the sweet face and pure eyes that met his so trustingly ; and a hundred wild plans of taking her by violence, and flying with her to some spot where no one would recognise them, boiled in his brain. "I know she would love me," he mut tered to himself, as Nelly flew over the grass of the bush. " I am certain that' she would love me. She cannot love that old wretch ; it is impossible, and it is sacrilege that she should belong to him !" Harper hated Jerry Itound. He hated him for his surly, unmannerly ways, which did not admit of his giving even a civil answer to a question or a re mark, even though it were the most simple and the most courteously ex pressed; and he hated him a hundred times more because he was the husband of fair Ellen. Witll dlesperate thoughts working up in his brain like the foaming of a wild sea, Harper rode madly on in the direc tion of the Back township, and, as if the hand of fate was in it, he came in view of Jerry's flock of sheep resting in the distance. The shepherd must have changed his mind respecting his intended route for the day, as, had he gone to the place indicated by Mrs. Round, Harper's road would have been far from his noon-day camping place, and probably no blood would have been shed under the clear blue of that day's Australian sky. The feed was good, and the sheep lay i-estlng in scattered groups under the close wattles, or in the wide shade of the tall box trees; not far away glim mered the clear water of Waion Creek, and the whole scene looked as peaceful as if a sinful human thought had never desecrated its primeval purity. Harper Castles drew rein and paused, and then advanced slowly in the direc tion of the flock. He could not per ceive Jerry anywhere, but, from his knowledge of the crusty shepherd's habits, he felt assured that, his dinner wallet emptied, he had lain down in the shade of some bush, and was indulg-_ ing himself in a sleep until the sheep should once more show some disposition_ to move. Even as he thought about it, softly advancing meanwhile on the vel vety grass where the fall of Nelly's hoofs made not a sound, he came sud denly upon the extended form of the sleeping shepherd. Jerry lay In the shade of a cluster of gum bushes, and his sleep was heavy, for he snored loudly. He rested on his back, with his clasped hands under the back of his head. The heart of Harper beat as if he would smother as he stopped before the sleeper and stared at him. One blow and Ellen was free I One moment of determination, and he was released I From whence proceeds all the wicked ness of humanity ? In what hidden, horrible places are generated the hellish thoughts that creep into the heart of a mortal ere he become8 a murderer 1 Harper alighted from his horse with a face as pale as the sky that peeps be tween the dark clouds on a cold, winter day, when the wind utters moanings to the listener. and hlie drew that bright tomahawk Irula his saddle-bow with a band that trembled as the down on the rush does, just ere the wind detaches it to float aimlessly out on the coldly blow-t log breath of night. One thought of Ellen, however, and he was strong ! The hand that clutched the weapon grew into it with a grasp as strong as desperation, and in another second he had buried it up to the very handle in the forehead of the sleeping shepherd ! One groan, and all was silent; a quiver of the limbs, and all was still and then IIarper looked wildly around himl like one who awakes from a hor rible nightmare ! IIe could not touch it ! Oh, he could nut touch it, even although the avenger of blood were behind him ! but he hast ened to wash the little axe in the creek, and then he cut down every one of the growing bushes under which the dead man lay, and caused them to fall in a heap over him, until not a glimpse could be seen of the terrible sight that followed him by day and night, until he lay crushed and senseless by the fal len tree where poor loving Sarah Elves found him ! And Harper was buried, and poor Sarah, who had been always looked upon as his sweetheart, kissed his lips ais he lay in the coffin, with as much faith and trust in his worth as she had on the day when he wiped the blood stains from his murderous tomahawk with the cambric handkerchief he begged from her; and, although the law made it necessary that Harper's confession should be divulged and his memory dishonored, she never believed that he was criminal, persisting in say ing that his own confession was but the ravings of delirium, induced by his having come suddenly upon the body of the missing shepherd. The body of Jerry was found in the place indicated by Harper. It present ed a fearful spectacle ; for, decomposed as time had rendered it, the terrible blow which had deprived him of exist ence might still be judged of, as the face still presented the appearance of the fearful cut which had smashed the bones and positively penetrated to the very brain. Ellen Rhound, in spite of her friends' entreaties, fled from Wairan as from destruction; she could not breathe in the same air that reminded her of Har per. Every object around her, ani mate or inanimate, recalled to her mem ory that she had- been pressed to the bosom, and kissed the lips, of the wretched being who had consigned him self to perdition for her sake. With a shudder she remembered that the soft. blue eyes, into which she had looked for the love-light that had grown so precious to her, had looked, without flinching, upon the death agony of her murdered husband ; and the thought had well-nigh' driven her mad. If any persod should feel inclined to try and account for the appearance of the dead shepherd to his wife, let them do so, for I shall not attempt it, know ing well that the attempt would be fu tile; only I can remark that many stranger things have already happened, which even the grasping intellect of man has tried to comprehend in vain. 