CURING A KLEPTOMANIAC. Thres years ago it was, aud yet I can see myself standing at the lodge-gate of the big house, that lovely evening in July, and that cab come rattling along up the quiet road. It stopped; put , uinped a real gentleman, looking wflite and worried; 1 "This Parkhurst the banker's place he says,.quicklike. "Oh, t-didn'twant to see Mr. Waring. I've called about an advertisement for a nurse-child or an in valid—-Box So-and-so, 'TheSurrey Herald'; and the newspaper people referred me to a John Babbick, at the lodge here. Ofh, it's you, is it?" Just- who it was, and perhaps I half gasped. So Mollie, my m>sis, and gone and stuck that advertisement, in after all, though Td said " No" all along. D'ye see ? Our own adopted kiddie had taken and died .just as we'd got to love it so, and .Mollie—she doted on work, aud wanted to uiake a little extra money besides. " Well," I says, cautibus, " I dunno, sir 3 You see, things Itere are all.topsy just now, and likely to be. The fever's, run wild all over the place, and Mr. Waring's carted the family down to Jersey lii a fright and scurry. Only two o' the servants would stay behind, and it's come to this—he's sending his orders to my missis, and she's seeing to the house till something: can he arranged. Still, I dunno—1 wouldn't say—is it a baby, or anything o' that?" Bless me, no• Babbick, look here," ha siys, husky, but that- nice. " We're . in sad troubles over a young lady—I '•can't -give you names jj ust yet; -The moment we saw your advertisement it^ seemed like a godsend; So quiet and pleasant here—the ideal place for a cure! The truth is Babbick"—he whispers it, staring round—she's a confirmed kleptomaniac!" " Lor', you don't say it!" I gasps, my blood all prickly—I couldn't property tell why, I'd never heard the word that I knew; but thatmaniac" bit—well, in iny, mind's . eye I could see her : coming at me with gogcle eye?, hands a-claw, and that nasty "Ha, ha!" as they mostly take to.. "No, I don't think ~ wie- could - 'manage anything o' that sort here," I says. " Easily • Why not F he says, nigh pleading. "Try her, .anyway. Eats next to nothing, and could -help with the light work. No one need know anything; here,- right away from the shops and 1 temptations, she would soon, master the wretched 4nipulses. You see our position, Babbick ? There's only this, 1 ought to tell you: she is apt to wander a little iri her sleep, with the same lament ible motive; you could be on your guard, and tell her of it next day. There, try for a month; and we're perfectly willing to pay you £2 a week." " Eh ?" Two shining quids a week ! I'd have bossed a madhouse full of 'em for that. " Here, you take a ssat land wait a bit, sir," I says, all hot; and off I scurried to the house to find the missis. Five iniiiut \s later me and Mollie was tearingbacklikemad. . Well, there, inside half ati hour we'd settled it all. We'd manage her ! We could let out that "she was a young relation party from town, and. it seemed something marvellous that the House family might keep away till autumn, and no visitors coming near the place. Fever1 She'd had that twice,he said; —and aLnother touch, come to that, might put her brain - right. He' was fair beside hisseslf with hopes; and, what isvas better,' planked down for a solid week in advance. Miss Carrie, the young lady, was perfectly willing so long as" no one preached at her, and he\l bring her down next^veujig. " You've done it now,!' I says to Mollie; " If anything goes wrong doii't lay it on me. Now," I says, carefully fetching down our old Webster, " we'll just make jsure o'the meaning o' that there word -aA. oiice. Er—why, what was it % Maniac—maniac—d'ye mean to say you've been and forgot it Blowed if she hadn't. "There we stood like fools, till all of a sudden Mollie smacks her hands together. < : Er—er—eryptomanie!" ' " Of course! now, then, before it slips you again. Crypto—crypto—ah, here you are! Now, that's rummy! , . . Oh, lor'! Why, of cours 3 , can't you see?" I gasps nextlninute. " It's about tombs, and vaults and things! plain as your nose—she goes goes tooting about among tombs and such, iii iter sleep as well! You've done it!" " Rubbidge!" says she, with a mouth like a coal scuttle, all the same. "She'll soon get sick of that." "You don't know," I says. "Them cryptomaniacs are a queer lot. You heard what he said. Well, you'll have to put her in our b6droom, and we'll sleep down here; and all you've got to do, if ever you think you hear anything, is to get up and go after her, and see she don't take any harm." That was all. Somehow I kept dreaming about them tombs and things all the blessed night; and next day, you might say, we went about in a sjort of shivery-shake—light up to the minute when, just after dark, the 6ab came along, and lie was handing down the young party herself. It was a f ur relief—as nice and natty a young, lady as you could wisli—-only a bit pale. I fairly liked her on the spot. Such a sweet, pretty place : she said she was sure the change would do her a world of good. She cluug to the gentleman " a bit—her uncle, or something, we reckoned—and begged him to come and see Jwr sooij. " Ay. aad welcome I says. He slipped a shilling into my hand—and there it was, all over as simp!e as clock work. "Well, if that's a piptymaniac," Mollie was whispering to me, I'd like half-a-dozen of them all the year, round !" She'd been and forgotten the name agaiii—just like a, woman. Well, we'both we'll t » bed that night in ©ur clothes, for a lead-off; .and we didn't get over-much sleep for listening, it's true. But nothing happened at all, and the bit of. tape we tied along the stairs hadn't been touched come morning. Down comes the young party to breakfast, as nice as could be—only she wouldn't say too much about herself. Then up walked the postman with a letter from Mr. Waring. . He was at his wits' end, soiiit said. He shouldn't come. near yet( for fear of the children, but he was sending a housekeeper and two new servants down, and they'd arrive as soon as the house could be fumigated—or something of that In the meantime we were to shut up the lodge arid go and stay in the house with the other two . siryants, in case of fire or anything. Here was a go! There was nothing for it but to show her the letter and ask if slie'd mind. Mirid ! Not a bit; she could help with the dusting and what not—it would be a novelty for her all round. She was nice! So up to the liouse we carted her two boxes, and arranged for her to slesp in the housekeeper's room with Mollie,\ while I had the next. The other servants took her for a niece, and everything was as right as ninepence. .Lor', it was the calsiiJjefoye the pretty storm,; it was. Wei badh't got our two a week for nothing; everything seemed so nice and smooth, but there was a bit sticking out somewhere —«nd soon we knew * it! / It was on the third night—yes, about two in themorning. ! Fast asleep aud . dreaming • away, I was, when I felt_ someone bustling me to rights. Up 1 sprang, and there was Mollie's face . that whit5, and her candle bobbing like anything. ' "Get up, John, quick V" she winspared. "Get up, I tell you ; she's gone after the tombstones, or something; I couldn't go after her for worlds. Oh, dear? 1 happened to reuse, and she wasn't there. Her clothes are gone, „ too. Whatever you do, don't frighten , "the girl! Quick T I'd slipped on my clothes in a dream like, and was out. I crept along the passage and listend hard. Never a sound anywhere. Half-way down the stairs there I got—and then my knees started knocking, as I heard a faint clinking noise somewhere below there. - Supposing she'd gone groping down in the cellars, taking them for more vaults, and I was to pounce on her of a sudden—mightn't she think I W(as a body come to life ? Then at. last I skipped \- back smart, as I see a candle-light ' away down the di awing-I'oom corridor. It was her, quite dressed, but ghostly for all that, coming along with a pit, ' pattei, pit! Now she'd turned into a -side passage. I heard a key clicking— and then I remembered I'd stowed her boxes just there, iready in case Mr. Waring dropped in, and I had to shift quick. Another tomb? Well, there, there wasn't a quiet nerve in me, when presently I sees her step into the hall, with something tucked under her arm, and slip back the blessed bolts of the big door. Yes, she blew out the catfdle, left the -door ajar,, and out she went. . ,'v.H. " Miss Carrie, there's no tombs out there," was in my throat: only, to tell "the truth, I didn't care for her face to turn round at me with that fit on her. I slipped out too—why, wasn't it all : dumped in with the £2 a week! Yes, there she was scurrying ddwtt towards the lodge. But, that was nothing to the feeling that ran down my spine when, as she got to the gates, I heard her start-talking in a? queer voice. All ray hair seemed to crinkle up; tombhunting wasn't sufficient—she must go whispering to spirits, at that time of night! And now—now she'd satisfied her poor rummy brain and was hurrying back—without lier bundle, though I never thought of that till af terwards. I was crouched back between the trees till she'd gone past. After her I went; in no time she'd got to the H<iuse door again, and I was just getting my nerve to call and tell her she really must not do it when—well, there, a feather could have toppled me over. For the door clicked ,-she'd gone in—and left me outside there, and, as Mollie never had the sense to guess, and let me in, there I'd got to stick till dawn. Tell you, when morning did come, I'd begun to think that anxious gent knew just what he was about when lie run the figure lip so "high, and was that savage—especially when I found that Mollie had locked herself in mv room and let the girl slip back to bed without so much as a word of warning. When she came down to breakfast she looked that pale and heavy- eyed, I couldn't get it out anyhow. Well, two more days went by. I'd got partly "desperate, but somehow or other I'd: lost the gift of sleeping properly; and that's why it. was,on the third night, it came to my turn to waki MolJie—• who wouldn't sleep in the other room after the scare. : ^ "Here," I whispers, "she's at it again^ I do believe I Look and see : I've had enough of this tomb business. What-, she's fast a-ileep, when I.lieard a door creak down there; plain as possible!" In a I ms dressed and tij>t<?e- ;ing down them stairs. All serene in hall; all nice aud quiet in "the drawingroom corridor. Still. I knew my own ears. I crept along a bit, and looked down ' that left-Hand passage; and blowed if there wasn't a flicker of light conung . from a doorway - at the end there. That room—why, that would be Mr. Waring's private affair—his •study—that he'd left locked ' All in a' quiver, with the queerest noises buzzing in my head, I edged along the thick carpet, a shout ready in my throat, and peered in. Am I ever going to fo.-get it ? It wasn't the girl, or a ghost; it was a man. A man oa his knees, with a laVe.n and a pile of p .p^rs beside him, and, his head stuck into a big bureau affair that he'd forced open. We'd got a burglar! Got him ? I'll never know what made me do it, but I was that mad and frightened together, I took one jump right across, jerked him- up, and sent .him bashing against the wall like a ninepin. Once nerved to it—" Now come on, me beauty!'' I whispers ; but he never moved. His head was the" softest,--and he lay clean stunned. A cap was pulled down over his eye*. I shoved it back with my foot—just one look, I took— and it sent me staggering back in a pour of sweat. . Next minute I was out at the halldekir— never stopping to ask why I found it ajar—and flying down the avenue at something like a speed. A policeman —and one -of the town insp actors lived at a cottage j ust down the road. One big thud I gave at his door—one shout as he chucked up h;^ window. Quite enough ; inno timehe was out, alid Ave were panting'bafck up' the drive. There, I'll swear* it^vasn t nine minutes from when I dented the wall witli that man's head to when we sprang in together, me and the inspector man: and—our bird was gone. Gone ! "You've boggled it now!" says the inspector. "Quick, what was he like?' "Like f I chokes. "Why, it was him—the very man as brought that girl to -us, and was paying us two a week for her keep! Just look !" " Oh, what's the matter ? Miss Carrie —where is she ?" There stood Mollie, wringing her hands in the doorway. " John ! I heard her run out, but I d ared 'n't stir a lim b. Yowd on't.say i" " Run out!" I gasps. " There, she's gone too—the girl, the cryptpmaniac !" Yes, it was all coming on me with a sweet rush now. "See it? She's let him in the house. It's a plot—-she's no cryptomaniac ! Why, that bundle—didn't I see her smuggle it out of the house and —her boxes !" - Out we rushed. The boxes were there ; iu a trice I'd got one open, and —well, I'll take my oath there was a hundred solid pounds' worth of trinkets and knick-knacks from different rooms packed into it. " Look—look at that! YouVe done it! You've done a fine thing, taking that girl off his hands, you have! You'll take another cryptomaniac in to cure, you will! You'll put more advertisements in without my knowing!" "Er—what?" says the inspector man, flabbergasted. "You—don't mean kleptomaniac 2" - ' . i We started. "That's it!' we both blubbled out. And, one against the other, in five minutes we'd told him about all of it: and the way that- man coiild stand and laugh, at a minute like that. "You've cured her !" he says. , " But that ain't it; he's got away with some valuables here, I'll lay my life. A man and a man and a girl—I'll have 'em inside twenty-four hours. And he did. And niceand warm we felt when we stood in the poliee-court beside Mr. Waring, and it all came out; how a gang of swell thieves, they'd got to hear just how things stood at the House, and taken advantage of Mollie's advertisement to run through it and pack up" all the valuables at their ease. Really clever, the beak a d They got two years apiece, and Mr. Waring—but never mind the rest. I reckon we cured that disease of hers—and, by gum, it was worth the inonej 7 ! 