THE DEMON. n is, I confess, with considerable reloct ance that 1 appproach the strange narrative Swhich I am about to relate. Thaevente which I purpose detailing are of soxtra ordinary a character that I am quite pre pared to meet with an unusual amount of . incredulity and scorn. I accept all such be forehand. I live on a quiet street in New York. The house is in some respects a curious one. It has enjoyed for the last two years the repu tation of being haunted, It is a large and stately residence, surrounded by what was once a garden, but which is now only a green enclosure used for bleaching clothes. The dry basin of what has been a fountain, and a few fruit-trees, ragged and unoruned, indicate that this spot in past days was a pleasant, shady retreat, filled with fruits, and flowers, and the sweet murmur of waters. The house is very spocious. A hall of noble size leads to a large spiral staircase, winding through its centre, while the various apartments are of imposing dimensions. It was built some fifteen or twenty years since, by a well-known New York merchant, who, five yearo ago, throw the commercial world into convulsions by a stupendous bank fraud. He escaped to Europe, and died not long after of a broken heart. Almost imme diately after the news of his decease reached this country and was verified, the report spread, in the neighboutboofl that the house was haunted.: ?' Legal measures had dis possessed the widow of, its former owner, and it was inhabited merely by a care-taker and his wife, placed there by the house agent into whose hands it had passed for purposes of renting or sale. These people declared that they were troubled with unnatural noises. Doors were opened without any visible ageney. The remnants of furnitute scattered through the various rooms were, during the night, piled one upon the other by unknown hands. Invisible feet passed up and down the stairs in broad daylight, accompanied by the rustle of unseen cilk dresses and the gliding of viewless hands along the massive balusters. The caretaker and his wife declared they would live there no lauger. The house agent laughed, dis missed them, and put others in their place. The noises and supernatural manifestations continued. The neighbourhood caught up the story, and the house remained un tenanted for three years. Several persons negotiated for it; but somehow always be fore the bargain was closed they heard the un pleasant rumours, and declined to treat any further. It was in this state of things that our land lady, who wished to remove further up-town, conceived the bold idea of renting this house Happening to have rather a plucky and philosophical set of boarders, she laid her scheme before us, stating candidly every. thing she. had heard respecting the ghostly qualities of the establishment to which she wished to remove us. With the exception of two timid persons-a sea captain and a returned Californian, who immediately gave notice that they would loneave-all of Mrs. Moffat's guests declared that they would accompany her in her chivalric incursion into the abode of spirits. Of course we had no sooner established ourselves than we began to expect thoghosts, We absolutely awaited their advent with eagerness. Our dinner conversation was supernatural. One of the boarders, who had purchased Mrs. Crowe's " Night Side of Nature". for his own private delectation, was regarded as it public enemy by the entire household for not having bought twenty copies Tihe man leda_ life of spsLmone Swretetedness Wvilon Ii was reading this volume. A system of esplonage was estab lished of which he was the victim. If'ho incautiously laid the book down an instant and left the room, it was immediately seized and road aloud to a select few. I found myelf a person of immenso importa?nce, it having leaked out that I was tolerably well versed in the history of supernaturalism, and had once written a story the foundation of which was a ghost. If it table or a wainscot panel happened to warp when we were assembled in the large drawing- room; there was an instant silence, and everyone was prepared for an immediate clanking of chains and a spectral form. Things were in this state when an incident took place so awful and inexplicable in its character that my reason fairly reels at the bare memory of the occurrence. It was the tenth of July. After dinner was over I re paired, with my friend Dr. Hammond, to my, rooms to take our evening pipe. Independent of certain mental sympathies which existed between the' doctor and myself, we were linked together by a vice-we both smoked upium. : VWe know each other's secret and respected it. We enjoyed together that wonderful expansion of thought, that mar velloims intensifying of the perceptive facul ties, that boundless feeling of existence when one seems to have points of contact with the whole universo-in short, that unimaginable spiritual bliss which I would not surrender \- for a throne, and which I hope you, reader, will never, never taste. \- Those hqprs of opium happiness which tihe doctor and 'I spent together in secret were regulated with a scientific accuracy. We did not blindly smoke the drug of paradise, and leave our dreams to chance. While smoking, we carefully steered our conversation through the brightest and calmest channels of thought. We talked of the East, and endeavoured to recall tihe magical panomma of its glowing scenery. We criticised the most sensuous poets--those who painted life ruddy witil health, brimming with passion, happy in tite possession.of youth,and strength,and beauty, If we talked of Shatkespeare's " Tempest," we lingered over Ariel, nod avoided Caliban. This skilful colouring of our train of thoughlt produlced in outn" sttlsecqu-ntW- ooai a corresponding tone. The spiendours of Arabian fairy-land dyed our dreams. lIouses, walls, and streets melted like rain-cloude,and vieltas ot unimaginable glory stretched away before is. It wasa rapturousI companionship. We enjoyed thie vast delight more perfectly because,even inII our most ecstatic monents,woe waere coscious of each other's presence. Our pleasures, wlile individual, were still twin, vibrating and imoving in musical accord. On the evening in question, the tenth of July, the doctor and mysealf drifted into an unusually metaphysleal mood . We prepared und lit our pipes, filled with tle bubble of opinn tlhat, like tihe nut in tie fairy tale, held within its narrow limits wonders beyond t?e reach of kings. But a strange perversity dominalted the currents of our thoughlts. They wvouli not flow thlroughl the sun-lit -channels into vwhllch we striva to divert them. I?tensibly wse yieldel to the occult force thtri swvycd sli, lid Indultged in gloomny speeuln. lon. We had tnlkedl somne time upon ttle Siproelslieas of the human riindl to tlystlicism, mndt thoe tlmost Ilniveronl love of the lerrlblc, tulIoulirnumnmd sliddenly snid to Ime: "Whlt a : ta yotu conlsider to be the gieatest rlmtent of s: e qu?stli on oltnezzledin.m. Tihat niany : thinges were terrible, I tknew, Sttumbhlng over : t.corpseoin t!le dark;l beholilig, is I once i']i;l,:n weotmtn iloatilg down a dei p and ratlld. river, witjl wildly littetd Itrs, r and awftl, . itipplrnled face, utittering, rs site drifted, K s ?hircks lthat relnt one's heart, while we, tie s?i?lacttorsR; stdl froenI t nt wildow whichi 'pverhintin thie river at a height of sixty feetl -t·titablti to itako tihe slightest effort to ste She.r, mut deumbl waahbhu her last eupreme agony and her disappearane. A shattered wreck, with no life visible, encountered floating listlessly on the ocean, is a terrible object, for it suggests a huge terror, the pro portions of which are veiled. But it now struck me for the first time that there must be one groat and ruling embodiment of fear -a Klng of Terrors to which all others must succumb. To what train of circumstances would it owe its existence ?" "I confess, Hammond," I replied to my friend, " I never considered the subject be before. That there must be one--something more terrible than any other thing, I feel. I cannot attempt, however, even the most vague dellnition." " I am something like you, Harry," he answered. " I feel my capacity to experience a terror greater than anything yet conceived by the human mind-something combining in fearful and unnatural anmalgnmation hitherto supposed incompatible elements. The calling of the voitea in Brockden Brown's novel of ' Wieland ' is awful; so is the picture of the Dweller on the Threshold, in Bulwer's ' Zmonoi '; but," he added. shaking his lihed gloomily, " thers is something more horrille thun these." " Lotk here, Hanuncnd," I rejoined, " let uts drop this kind of talk, for heaven's sake. We shall suffer for it, depend upon it." " Well, good-night, uarry. lleasant dreams to you." " To you, gloomy wretch, afreets, ghouls, and enchanters." We parted, and each sought his respective chamber. I undressed quickly and got into bed, taking withl'ue, arcording to my usual custom, a book, over which I generally read mysoelf to sleep. I opened tlhn olumen as soon as I had laid my head upon the pillow, andtl instantly flung it to the other side of the room. It was Goudon's " History of Mfon sters," a curious tFrench work, which I had lately received from Paris, but which, in the state of mind I had then reached, was any thing but an agreeable companion. I resolved to go to sleep at once; so turning down my gas until nothing but a little blue point of light glimmered on the top of the tube, I composed myself to rent. Tito room was in total darkness. The atom of gas that still remained alight did not illuminate a distance of three inches around the burner. I desperately drew my arm across my eyes, as if to shut ?ut even the darkness, and tried to think of nothing. It was in vain. The-themea touched on by Hammond kept obtruding themselves on my brain. I battled against them. I erected ramparts of would-be blankness of intellect to keep them out. They still crowded upon me. While I was lying still as a corpse, hoping that by a perfect physical inaction I should hasten mental re pose, an awful incident occurred, A Some thing dropped, oas it seemed, from the coiling upon my chest,and the next instant I felt two bony hands encircling my throat endeavour ing to choke me. I am no coward, and am possessed of con sideroble physical strength. The suddenness of the attack. instead of stunning me, strung every nerve to its highest tension. My body acted upon instinct before my brain had time to'realiso the terrors of my position. In ann instant I wound two muscular arms around the creature. and squeezed it; with all the strength of despair, ogainst my chest. In a few scconds the bony hands that had fast ened on my throat loosened tlieir hold, and I was free to breathe once more. Then com menced a struggle of awful intensity. Im mersed in tie must profound darkness, tbt ally ignorant of the nature of the Thing by which I was so suddenly attacked, Finding my grasp slipping every momont,by reason,it seemed to me, of the entire nakedness of my assailant, bitten with sharp teeth in the -shoulder,-neohe-ued--ui.ete, ou°,orsteio oery moment to protect my throat against a pair of sinewy, agile hands, which lay utmost efforts could not confine-these were a com bination of circumstances to combat which required all the strength, skill, and courage that I possessed. Atlast, after a silent, deadly, exhausting struggle, I got my assailant under by a series of incredible efforts of strength. Once pinned, with my knee on what I made out to be its chest, I knew that I was victor. I rested for a moment to breathe. 1 heard the creature beneath me pouanting in the darkness, and I felt the violent throbbing of ia heart. It was apparently as exhausted as I was; that .was one comfort, At this.monment I remen bored that I usually placed under my pillow, before going to bed, a large. yellow, silk pocket- handkerchief. I felt for it instantly; it was there. In a few seconds more I had, after a fanshion, pinioned the creature's arms. I now felt tolerably secure. There was nothing more to be done but to turn on the gas, and having first seen what my midnigiht assailant was like, aeotse ithe household. I will confess to being asctuated by a certain pride in not giving the alarm before; I wished to make the capture elone and un aided. Never losing my hold for no In stant, I slipped from the bed to the floor, dragging my captive with me. I had but a few steps to reach the gas-burner; these I made with the greatest caution, holding the crolture in a grip like a vice. At last I got within arms length of the tiny speck of blue light which told me where the gas-bernor was. Quick as light ning [released my grip with one hand, and let on the full flood of light. Then I turned to look at my captivo. I can not ovenlattempt to give any defini tion of my sensations the instant after I turned on the gas. I suppose I must have slhrlekedl with terror, fur in less than a minute afterward the room was crowded withl tlhe inmates of )le hlouse. I shudder now as I think of thlat awful moment. ' Isw nobtingl: :i ' Yea; I had oris arm frmly innad.onund abreaiheng, ptlesting;pent pbreal-itap?eeo my other hand gripped with all itsC strongth a throdit.a apparently fleshy as nty own; and yet. with this livingsubstance in my grasp, with its bodtly pressed against my own, and in all the bright glare of ges, I absolutely beohdd nothing. Not even an outline-a vapor. It breathed. I felt its breath upon my cheek. It struggledc fliercely. It hlad londs. They clutched me. Its skin was asnmoothl like my own. 'IThere it lay; pressed close up against me, solid as stone, and yet utterly Invisible. Just then Hammnontl entered mey room at th hand of theli hlousehollid. As soon as leo beheld rmy faco-whlich, I supnose, must ha\te bdeen an awfuel sight to look at-he lhastened forward, crying: " Gireat Ilollvens, Harry, whiat hna Ihapponed ?" " Het'meond I Hlalmmond I" I minl, "come herc. Oi, tehis i awfuel. I itve been nt tucked in bed by somethlng or other, which I Iave holl of; but I ene't soee it; I can't see itl" " Hnmmond.dontletss struck by the Ihorror expressed in my conteninnce, mande oneto or two steps ferwnrdl wit 'an nnxious yet puzzled - expression. A very ptdlible titter burst froet tie relninle'or of my visitors. Tlhls slplleressed Jeenghter qmndlo me furlo!es. so urest wns my rage egaetist the enICkteeg croewd teltt hed I the power I WoUld ihIVO strlcken theni deadl where teoy stood:. a" Hammond! I lammnll":on J cried ogain, despairingly, .J! for Godt's salke ome to Ite. I cen hiold thie 'Thing i utt a short whitu ioeiger, It is overpowoUretg enL. llitneeln "el ua wl erd -o ar-l" \- -llarry,"w edllteuondapproain \- -- - me, "you have been smoking too much I opium" " I swear to you, Hammond, that it is no vision," I answered, in the same low tone. " Don't you see how it shakes my whole framo with its struggles ? If you don't believe me, convince yourself, Foul it: touch it." Hammoond advanced, and laid his hand on the spot I indicated. A will cry of horror burst from him. He had felt it l In a moment he had discovered somewhere in my room a long piece of cord, and was the next instant winding it and knotting it about the body of the unseen being that I clasped in my arms. "Harry," he said, in a hoarse voice-for though he preserved his presence of mind, he was deeply agitated-" Harry, it's all safe now; you mna let go if you are tired. The Thing can't move." I was utterly exhansted,and I gladly loosed my hold. Hammond stood holding the ends of the cord that bound the'Invisible, twisted round his hand, while before him, self supporting, as it were, was a rope laced and interlaced, and stretching tightly around a vacant space. The confusion which ensued among the guests of the house who were witnesses of this extraordinary scene between Hammond and myself-who beheld the pantomime of binding titls struggling Something - who behold me almost sinking from physical exhaustion when my task of jailor was over- the'confusion and terror that took podees sion of the by-standers when they saw nll this is beyond description. The weaker onoIeed from the apartment. Tiho few who roanihned clustered near tihe door, and could ond be induced to aipproach Hammond and his charge. Still incredulity broke out through their terror. They had not the courage to satisfy themselves, and yet they doubted. I gave a sign to Hammond, and both of us-conquering our fearful repugn ance to touch the invisible creature-lifted it from the ground, mannacled as it was, and tool it to my bed. Its weight was about that of a boy of fourteen. " Now, my friends," I said, as Hammond and myself hebold the creature suspended over the bed, " I can give you self-evident proof that here is a solid, pondernble body, which, nevertheless, you can see. Be good enough to watch the surface of the bed attentively." The eyes of the by-stnnders were imme diately fixed on the bed. At a given signal Hammond and I let the creature fall. There was a dull sound, as of a heavy body alighting on a soft mass. The bed creaked. A deep impression marked itself distinctly on the pillow, and on the bed itself. The crowd who witnessed this gave a low cry, and rushed from the room. Hammond and I were alone with our mystery. We remained silentfor some time, listening to thelow, irregularbreathing of the creature on the bed, and watching the rustle of the bed-clothes as it impotently struggle? to free itself from confinement. Then Ham. mond spoke: " Let us reason a little, Harry. Here is a solid body which we touch, but which we can not see. The fact is so unusual that it strikes us with terror. Is there no parallel, though, for such a phenomenon? Take a piece of pure glass. It is tangible and transparent. A certain chemical coarseness is all that prevents its being so entirely transparent as to be totally invisible. It is not theoretically impossible, mind you, to make a gless so pure and homogeneous in its atoms that the rays from the sun will pass through it as they do through the air, re fracted but not reflected. We do not see the air, and yet we feel it." " That's all very well, Hammond, but these are inanimate substances. Glass does thling has a heart that palpltates-a will that moves it-lungs that plny,and inspire and re spire." Hammond shook his head and was silent.' We watched together, smoking many/pipes,, all night long by the bedside of the unearthly being that tossed and panted until it was apparently wearied out. Then we learned by the low, regular breathing.that it slept. The next morning the housoe was all astir. The boarders congregated on the landing out side my room, and liammond and myself were liens. We hnd to answer a thousand questions as to the state of our extraordinary prisoner, for as yet not one person in the house except coourselves could be induced to set foot in the apartment. The creature was awake. This was evi denced by the convulsive manner in which the bedclothes were moved in its efforts to escape. There was something truly terrible inl beholding, as it were, these struggles for liberty which yet were invisible. Hammond and myself had racked our brains during the night to discover some means by which we might realize the shape and general appearance of the Enigma. As well as we could make out, by passing our hands over the creature's form, its outlines and lineaments were human. There was a mouth:a round, smooth head without hair: a nose which, however, was little olevated above thie cheeks; and its hands and feet felt like those of a boy. At first we thought of placing the Being on a smooth serface and tracing its outline with chalk, a slloemakers trace the outline of a foot. This plan was given up as of no value. Such an outline would not give the slightest idea of its con formation. A happy thought struck me. We would take a east of it In plaster. This would give us the solid figure, and satisfy all our wishes. But how to do it? 'The movements of the creature would disturb the setting of the plastic covering, and distort the mould. Another thought. Why not give it chloro form? It had respiratory organs-that waos eoklent by its broeuthing. Once reduced to a t of insehsibility, we could do with it 'or thltie physician had rcnovered fromn the fisttshock of amazeument he proceeded to adndinister the chloroform. In three minutes afterward we were enabled to remove theo fetters from the creature's body, nd a mnodeller was busily engaged in covering tile invisible form with tile moist elay. In fivo minutes more we hast a mould. and beford evening a rough fai-simile of the mystery. It was shaped like a man-distorted,uncoutb. and !orrlble, but still a man, It was small, not over four feet ansi some inches in height, and its limbs revealed a muscular develop. ment that was unparnlclcd. Its face sur passed in hideousness anything 1 had over seen. Gustave Dore never conceived any thing so hnorrible. It was the ph3slognomy of wnhat I should fanny a ghoull might be. It looked as if it was clpabl of feeding on hIuman flesh. Having sutlsfied our curiosity, and bound overy one in thie ionnso to secrecy, It became a question what wus to be dlone with our Eliggmral It was impossible thant we should keepl such a horror in tile house; it was equally Imnposalble that such an awful bciung should belet loose upon the nyorld.' I confess that I vyonld Ihive gl!nily voted for the cteature's destruction. Ilnt who would shoulder the responsibility? Who 'wnould undertake the exepution of this horrible scmblancs of a Ilnuman being? . The most singular part of the affair was thant we were entirely ignorant of what ithe creature iha bitunlly fed on. Everything !n thu way of nntlninsntthlt we could think of wpas pnlaced before It, hiut was never Louched, It vne awfunl to stnnd by, inday lfter day, .sad se te lotl ieal?ton, tand near tine lard breath. lug, and know that it was dying. t .,, ·· · '·. Ten, twelve days, a fortnight passed, and it still lived. The pulsations of the heart, however, were daily growing fainter, and had now nearly ceased. It was evident that the creature was dying for want of sustenance While this terrible life struggle was going on I felt miserable. I could not sleep. Horrible as the creature was, it was pitful to think of the pangs it was suffering. At last it died. Hammond and I found it cold and stiffone morning in the bed. The heart had ceased to beat, the lungs to inspire. We hastened to bury it in the garden. It was a strange funeral, the dropping of that viewless corpse into the damp hole. The cast of its form Hammond has still. As I am on the eve of a long journey, from which I may not return, I have drawn up this narrative of an event the most singular that has ever come to my knowledge.-- Fitz James O'Brien in the " Argonaut." 