Archbishop Redwood's Sermon. Dpeing the past few days the Protestant population of fléw South. Wales' bas been i ; greatly perturbed .by "the publication of a - ; Bfrmiin, alleged to have been deliverer! 'by I Archbishop £e>1 wood, at the dedication jof St. Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral in Sydney. A telegram was published in last issue stating that large public meetings had : been held in Sydney, and resolutidnsrcarrted protesting against certain orthe Archbishop's statements.;. We reprint, blow that- portion of'the "address to which - exception has been taken. ' Archbishop Sed wood, " after briefly con gratulating the people upon secnring such a - noble edifice for worship, and taking for bis theme.the divinity of Christ, showed that all the doctrines df the Catholic'-church were instituted by Christ. He continued Con trast the true Church, the body and bride of Christ, with thé mnltitudioous pretenden around her. Look at those hundreds of con tradictory denominations which swarm in the British Empire and in some other parts of .the globe. - Bave they any of the marks of the true Church, unity, sanctity, catho licity, and iapostolicity ? Surely not. They bave no unity. Look hot for. sanctity in those separate sects. I speak not of indi viduals, but of systems. The authors of the Greek schism, Phot i us in the ninth century, and Michael Cerulariusiu the eleventh, bad no motive for their separation bnt blind am j bition and last of-power. The leaders and founders óf Protestantism, Luther,. Calvin, Zwinglius, &c.; werenutorions for their -vices.. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their aacrud.functions, and lire in a state of pitiful "abjection and., con tempi; they receive. littleVor no considera tion or respect from the people, and they .neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaching. Among the Protestants the most effectuai means of sanctification have' disappeared— abstinence, faeting, mortification; confession, communion, &c.; Both tbe Greek schism and Protestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true civilisation. The first has brough't despotism upon the East, the second covered Europe with blood and' ruins in the sixteenth cen tury, and has ever since been the helpsr and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of woniftn b'ood, it devastated the school, and stopped the progress oí science.. . In fine, neither Proteatanta nor Greek .'schismatics bave shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. No example' of herojc virtues, do saints in their ranks at all comparable to the. martyrs and missionaries of the Catholic Church; andJihey have never been able.to obtain the sanction of a miracle for their work and their doctrine. That they hâve no catholicity is glaringiy evident. The Greek Church is confined toa part of (be East- - chiefly Greece, Russia, and Turkey ; the Protestants are circumscribed witbiu determinate limits—Lutherans in Germany, Calviuists in Geneva and France, Anglicans in English possessions. All are national and none Catho,lic. Neither have they apostoli city. They are separated from the Pope, who is the heir of St. Peter, the chief of the ApostleB, they.have a. purely human and in. no sense an apostolic origin. The ministers have no lawful mission, and they cannot say they have been sent by'Jesus Christ to teach and baptise all nations.^ The peroration included a retrospect of the history of the church for the past hundred years, a forecast of the hopes and fears . óf the centnry just about'to be entered upon, and expressed confidence that the Church had adequate power from her divine founder to meet and overcome them alL Archbishop Redwood ' was interviewed at Townsville on Tuesday evening, and said the words to which so tnnch objection had been taken had never, been Bpoken. He explained that his addifess -was-originally written for delivery-.before an exclusively Catholic -congregation,. but was modified when he ascertained the character of the gathering which he was addressing. The proof sheets of his address as originally prepared were handed to the reporters, and by an oversight the paesigea omitted from his discourse were not excised from the manuscript, and in consequence they were reported by a portion of the press as having been uttered. The Archbishop added, how ever, that the propositions contained in his address were identical with those set forth by all leading Catholic historians and theologians, including Cardinals Newman and Manning, and had been thoroughly argued. ' _ 