A WEIRD TALE OF MAGIC Tlio steamship was moving slowly along tho Gold Coast. The passengers wore lying about in deck chairs and were gazing lazily out from under the shado of double awnings ? across tiie glittering water ut tlio long coast lino, whioh unrolled itself like n panorama before them, Long lines of yellow bench, where tho 'Atlantic rollura broke, in sheets of anowy foam, low bluffs crowned with grciil cotton wood trees, clustcrH of nntive hutH lying be neath tho slmdo of feathery palms, rearing Burf-covered bar nnd river mouth, ull enme into sight, and disappeared ns the steamer rolled along, until, lying Home distance be hind the const among what appeared to bo miles of mangrove swamp, a lonely flat topped mountain. roso in view. Tho summit could be plainly Boon against tlio bhio/ tropic sky, but tho upper slopes were covered with -wraiths of mist, which was strange, ad tho rest of tho landscape lay liharp and clear in tho sunlight. 'That must! bu tlio Ghost Mountain, our black pasBongors tell us tho strange talcs ? about. By the way, you promised to toll us about the timo you went to the top, Com missioner,' said tho Doctor, turning to Dis trict Commissioner. Oddy, who lay back in a .. , cane ciiair.?' ? The latter ,\wis u slightly made, spurs man, who was reluming home invalided, haggard I and yellow in face, from tho climate and ( fover, but still showing by the flash of his ? eye and tho linn mouth traces of energy and I decision. Be turned to tho doctor and answered: : 'Yes, I lived — and Bevoral .times nearly riicd— in sight of it for throe years, but al though I onco tried I did not get to the top, and never wish to try again. The natives say no one but a Ju Juman ever reached the summit and lived.'- ? i Hero tho passengers drew in their chairs to liston, and tho Commissioner continued: 'It was some twenty years ago that Jovona, a trading -agent, and myself sat out on the , verandah of my houso, smoking an utter- ' dinner cigar. It had , been a trying day, as hot as fire, and at night it was if possible worse; tho inside of the room rcsombledun , oven. Outaido, however, u faint breezo ' stirred, bringing with it the usual smell of , burning, wood, ' orango flowers and lilies, ' mixed with the foul odours of mud and swamp, and although there was considorablo j risk of fever, it was just possible to broutho there, which you couldn't do inside. ' After wo had smoked a while in silence Jovons stretched out his hand, and pointed across tho miles of dense forest and man grove swumps that lay beneath the bright -moonlight, opening out hero and there to . show tho glistening surface of n broad river ; reach, or tbe foul ? black mud of a tidal .lagoon, to where the Ghost Mountain stood out elcurly against the sky, with a silver cloud of mist wrapping its lower slopes. I ' When shall we climb that wonderful mountain, Oddy?1 J ' ' Oh, whonevor you wish; to-morrow,1 if you liko,' I answered. Wo were both young, and with my head full of varied information in the departmental books, I thought I know ovory thing about Africa and its natives. ' I have changed my mind since, and am just beginning to learn a little now — while ?Jovons, a burly, rod-facod Englishman, was firmly convinced that there was nothing worth knowing except how to mako 25 per cent, profit for his firm by , cheating tho natives.';'. .? ''? ' We both of us laughed at tho super stitions concerning the piountnin, so, hav ing'docido'd to go, I called -for my shanty boy, blow my whistle for Sergeant Amun apd Ifossoo,' for there were ten ' Haussas ' attached to the station. ' A few moments later tho two ' Haussas ' who arc, ns you know, Mohammedan black, troops, entered.'.' Tilino, tall men they wore, from tho far interior, with features much finer than those of the coast tribes, dressed ? in brown Knrki uniform mid red fez. While they stood at attention, I told the' boy' to hnvo two hammocks and eight bearers ready by sunrise on the morrow. 'At this lie urged us to ubandontho idea, saying that for. 400 years no one but a Ju Ju priest had ever reached the summit without dying or losing his reason shortly afterwards. However, wo both laughed at uny 'super stitious idea,' and turning to the black ? ser geant, I said: ' ' Aro you afraid to go, Amun V ' ? Mountain bo grcnt ? Ju Ju,. sail ; no good to meddle with the fetisli of the heather; but where Commissionah go, Amun and Kos 'soo goto, oven though the mountain bo full of devils,' was tho faithful fellow's answer. IMintis tho nature of the Mblmmmodan. Treat him fairly nnd feed him well, and he would follow you through Hades. ' We started nt daybreak tho next morn ing, travelling as far as we could in our ham mocks, with plenty of black curriers, until tho bush became so thick that we had to go on foot. ' I remember tlio 'morning well, tho bright sunshine and bri limit flowers whero tho forest was thinner, and the solemn dimness »nd -wreaths of inist thnt lily around tho trunks where' tho great branches met above us,' every tree festooned with hanging creep ers. Wo did' not know thon that this mist might menu quick death, and that- the smoll of nti African forest,' half aromatic nnd half repulsive, was goncrally'fuU of fevor. ' On WO wnnt. wiiwlilirr in tmrl nufr. nmnnir 1 the trees, now crossing a clear space, und ugain cutting our way with mntohota through thorny bushes, until, when night carao, wo camped beside a little creek, und I lay nwnko until dawn; listening to tho rustling of leaves nnd thi) voices of tliu forest, and watching the fireflies flashing in the grass. ' In tho morning wo mado an early start,' nnd, utter a hard day's march, climbing and stumbling among mangrove roots, several limes nearly losing our lives in tho pools of fathomless mud that abound in these parts, we camped at sunset under tlio mountain it ? self. Dividing us from it run ,i broad, Bhnl ' low stream, rippling pleasantly ovor a sandy bed, only to lose itself lower down among the rottenness and slime of a mangrove swamp. The moon shono brightly on tho water, and in the bush around us not a leaf stirred, but tho mountain in front lay wrapped in a dark cloud of mist, out of which wo could hear tho rustling of trees. nnd the moaning of a night breeze. Our bearors, in spite of the' liberal pay promised them, showed signs of making oft, declaring that none of us would return alive, and it was only by threuts that wo could induce them ? to roinaiu. ' Whou dnwn enmo wo forded the stream, and just as wo stepped out of the water, came upon two tall wands' of scented wood, driven ?into tho sand, ouch currying a whito oloth dipped in blood. This was one of tho Ju Ju mm Its, und whore it is set up with tho proper cciTinoninl you might lay ull you possessed there, and no iiutivu would dare to touch it. ' As wo passed Jevons, out of wantonness, ' nnd with somu Hilly remark about ? pulling up nigger superstitions,' snapped ono of Iho stakes ucross his knee, and sot tho pieces 1 Uouting down tho stream, I at once turned upon him nngiily. ' ' What did you do that for ? You fool, look at tho earners; you'll soo they will nil bolt now, worse frightened than ever.' ' ' Lotof silly niggers ! Lot them bolt.nnd we'll go on alone, oh, 'Kossoo ?'he said, turn- ing to the Houssa. ' ' Whether they bo sticks or stones, I know not,' said the lntter.in his own tonguo, « little of which I knew, ' but it ia not good tojnsultihegodsof tho heathen,' und by this time I know he was right. I was a little un comfortable, for I noticed the carriers mut toring ono to another, and looking at my companion in n threatening manner, but wo inducod them to go on by drawing our re volvers, and the climb continued. ' While the sun shone over tho forest be low us, tho mountain sides were covered with white mist, ? which soaked our clothes and seemed to go through to the bone, and, while wo could feel no air in our faces, we could hear the trees overhead swaying and rustling in tho breeze. Tho lower slopes were oozing with water 'mid mud, so thnt our upward march was difficult and dismal, especially as wo had to cut our way Uirough thorny bushes and masses of trailing plants most of the timo. Up we went, struggling, through, uwamp and brake, untiltoward afternoon I noticed my companion got strangely quiet, and had a flushed, swollen look about his fnco, which 1 did not like. When wo stopped n fow minutes for breath, 'I said,: ' ' What's tlio matter, Jovons ? Aro you ill ?' but T only got a' surly 'No ! go on,' for an answer, and wo continued our way, and by 6 'o'clock wore .sbrno half way up the mountain. 'Hero wo found a littlo elenr spaco, strewn with:' a few largo flat rocks, and us the bearers had brought somo dry wood from the foreBt below wo mado n fire nnd prepared to camp.- Onco or twico I noticed Jevons stag ger as ho moved about arranging, the simple meal, and nt hist I mudo him sit down nnd lenvo it alone. While this was going on, what littlo light there was faded away, and an intenso darkness closed around us. My friend ate nothing, but drank some of the spirits .and quinine. I gave him, and then Baid:, ' ' I don't know what's tho matter with mo ; my hend's on fire, and I can't hold my self up. 3oino one must hnvo poisoned me — or something. I'll go to sleep.' ' Wrapping him in his waterproof sheet, I; placed somo baggage under his bend, nnd sat down besido him. ' ' Amun und Kossoo,' I said, ' I'll watch half the night— you sleep.' Then I throw more wood on tho lire, and began my lonely vigil. ' Ovorhcad tho trees swayed and rustled and a chill wind drove in my fuco, while fun. tastie wreaths of mists drifted ucross the tire light. The red glow fell on my companion's face, and I saw how flushed and distorted it was, whilo ho moved uneasily in Mb sleep, and murmured from time to time. Drifting out of tho darkness came the moan ing of tho wind, and the myriad voices of .the forest, and 1 listened until nt labt my eyes closed, and I foil asleep. ' After dozing uneasily a littlo I heard a weak voice calling me.nnd, rising to my feet, saw Jovons trying to raise himself. Hastily running across to him, I raised his head, and he gasped out: '? ' I don't know what it can be, but I feel I'm dying. Hold my hand; don't leave mo,' and then his head fell back on my knee. ' Culling Amun, I told him to bring some more wood, und to rouse one of the bearers, nnd for the little while ho was away in, the darkness I.folt strangely desolate. In a few minutes nc returned. ' ' The Shuntec mcii-all line'for go nway,' he said; 'only Amun and Kossoo here.: Where ollieer man live, thcro be Haussa man. ' Then ho mndo up the fire and sat close behind mo. ' I shall never forget the horror of that diBmal night, sitting by the glow of tho fire, watching the flickering shadows as I held my dying comrade's head on my knee. The mist drove past me in wreaths, chilling -mo through with its clammy' touch, while all around the brunches swayed und rustled as tho wind swept through tho trees, -und at intervals the snort of the loopard seeking his prey sounded through the forest. Jevons moved uneasily af times, and clutched my hands, but never recovered consciousness, und when at length tho weary night passed, and the dim light of dawn eamo flittering through tho brunches, I saw with horror that ho was dead. ' Abandoning ull our luggage, we threo started to rotraee our stops, attempting tho almost impossible task of carrying' tho body of our comrade with us. All day we strug gled downhill, through mud and thorny thicket, tearing our clothes to ribands, and at times getting u nasty wound ourselves, al way's -in the sumo cloud of clammy mist. I alternately Blinking with the fever, which now attackedme, and abusing our cowardly carriers' for deserting tin. Toward evening we reached tlio stream which separated the mountain from the mangroves, nnd here we flung ourselves down; and, with pains in every limb, and with my blood like liquid (ire, I lay till morning in tho burning grip of fevor. ' Whon daylight: enmo I could scarcely standalone, and, as to carry tho body any further was impossible, nothing could bo done but to scrape a shallow holo' in the sandy strip by the river and lny it there, at the foot of thotwoJu-Ju 'wands; for when we relumed the missing ono had been replaced. ' All that day, with swimming head and usoIobb limbs, I leaned o'u tho shoulders of my faithful followers, nnd, half carried and half staggering, managed to get through tho awful tract of mangroves, blnck mud and swamp, which we had to cross. Struggling along half conscious late thnt night, wo readied the spot where the hammocks had been loft, und although they wero worn out with fatigue, the two staunch Huussns took mo up, and; travelling along tho clear path, wo ciimo staggering into tho Compound at dawn — two hnggard, tattered bearers, and an uncuiiHuiuun muu. __^. ~ ' Vor ton days I lay between lifo and denth, und then slowly recovered.' ' Did. your friend show symptoms of nin lariu ?' asked tho doctor. 'I huvo scon many men dio of fever, but none liko that,' nnswerod tho commissioner, ' but from that day I hnvo cnrofully avoided any insult to the native Fetish. I can givo you no roasoiis, nnd can only say with Hum let, ' Thero aro more things in heavon and earth than are dreamt of in your philosophy.1 And if you wish to know nil tho strange things thabhappon in tho African forests you must spend your life among them.' 