? NOTES, MD, NOTIONS. By Quilp. ALT0&ETnEKP0UTIC.;\I.-TaKSrEAKBBS Akduous Duties— The Recoxsti -I ui'ionofthkCabinet — Mb. Crick's Posu'ion — Startehs fob tiie Vi.deiial Honors. Thero is said to be a probability of the storm and stress, of New South Wale9 politics, abating a little now that a Federal Parliament has taken over the burden of the - fiscal issue, and ' tho military forces and other matters are removed to a sphere when 'Mr. Justice Sleath ' is not likely to , i .prove troublesome. ' For ilis sake of Parliament House officials, I hope that it -will prove so. . „ Already one gentleman has been ' nearly killed by the speakership — Sir , Joseph Abbott, who was given tha ' choice by his medical advisers of surrendering office or giving up the ghost.' He choose the former, and Mr. M'Courfc took his place. There was a \- -very general wish at the time that not 'Mr. M 'Court, but, Mr.' ,Suttor should , be the new speaker. But Mr. Suttor was not a candidate. He was. too *r ,wise. For Mr.. M'Courfc^has now had to bow beneath the load of the office. Before the 'session broke up, Mr. M'Courfc was laid up with an attack of illness, which,. probably, (says ' the ^ News,',' there being ;fine satire in the. 'word ?'' probably.') had its origin in . ? the long and trying .hours- he had to. pass in the chair: He has since re covered to some extent, but was unable to take part in Saturday's procession.; At present M-r.. M'Court is rusticating at Copma, bub hopes to be sufficiently recovered to take part in the Commonwealth celebrations. During the course of an ill-3pent ^ carder ' I have had at various times bten forced to attend ab the Legisla tive Assembly, Macquarie-street, in the ' wee sma' hours' when decent ' folks are abed, and only such night 'owls as pressmen, politicians; and fes tive gentlemen unsteady of step are 'abroad. lean quiteimaginethatit would ' very little of that sorb, of1 thing to make an individual very, very sick. The Assembly Chamber is vilely ven '.tilated ; it is partly lib by gas, 'and when the room: has been filled on a hot; nignc Dy irom iuviu juu poupio ' (including pressmen and the public) for nine warm hours, the atmosphere is something horrible. The heated language which bursts out periodically may add to the density of the air, bub it is certainly stuff you can'a' cub with a knife,' and to breathe it is ? ? — -? — . Now a speaker has to put up with that hour after hour sit ting still in his chair, not able to yell oub'a bit on his own account to re lieve his monotony, It- is a nerve destroying ordeal. A Supreme Court J udge has some thing of the same harrassing kind of , ' work when hearing causes, but' he r' , wisely keeps his hours down from 10 ?* x a.m. to 4 p.m., with an hour for din ner. It is nothing usual for tho As sembly to sit 15 hours at a stretch. That there is to be another session, Sir William Lyne is just now quite , resolute. And certainly if his party ' wishes to face the country again with ?^ an appeal for renewal of confidence . there must be a short term of Parlia ment to wipe away some of the scan dalous arrears of last session. The Premier has lost ground terribly ever since he celebrated the first birthday of1 his administration. A small though insignificant sign was that the Sydney 1 mob on Saturday hooted Sir William, whilst they cheered Mr. Keid. That '' does not signify much, but it is cer tainly a fact that the position of tho administration has been lately attacked by the insidious approaches of various enemies — made possible by weak.de ? fence and paltering' conduct. ''*' Still oven at its present temper the ' country would return Sir William r \\\ Lyne in preference to Mr. lleid. And ' -'? I trust that before the issue comes to \- ' be decided, the Premier will ' pull himself together,' and the Cabinet will show in ' a shorb session its po^yor of control and its desire for the well-being ' of the colony. Before long there will of course be some sort of a reconstitution of tho m i, - f Cabinet. On January 1st., or thero ' ( abouts, Mr. Crick's ^office will cease to be. That, of qourse, does not neces sarily involve his retirement from 'the Cabinet. He might. continue withont a portfolio or take over one of the departments, from acolleague who has functions, to 'spare — Mr Fegan for instance. But public opinion would be against such a step which would nullify the Cabinet economy expected from Federation. I hoar it. on the very best authority that Mr. Hassall will leave the Lands Departme.it to go to London as Commercial Agent, and that tho vacancy thus created will be filled by Mr. Crick. There are, however, other Cabinet vacancies imminent;, Mr. Wise and Mr. Soe will be both candidates for the Federal Parliament and if success ful will have to give up State politics. Sir William Lyno may be a candidate, if he. gets to Federal Premiership ho certainly will be. If ho sticks to State politics Mr. O'Sullivan will pro bably go into tho Federal arena. 1 ' Should Sir William however become the Federal Premior, Mr. O'Sullivan has ambitions for the State Premier ' ship. ?'? — ? — - Air. Suttor, I hear for a fact, will not contest a federal seat. It is pos sible that, with a reconstruction of tho Cabinet, he will accept another ollice carrying with it. a poifolio. His friends are anxious also to .see him in a position of dignity, outside of the Cabinet, which wjll bp vacant shortly ? to ** resignation. , ? - 