THE DECAY OF POLITENESS. I have been - wondering lately whether it may be bad health, bad temper, over work, depression of mind, over-feeding, under-feeding, living in too great a hurry to digest properly our worries and plea sures, or living too slowly to- -admit of all -these causes together with many more added, that are resulting in the loss, gra dual but steady, of the good old-fashioned kindly spirit that we know as Good Man ners. The spirit that sheds over our every day, work-a-day, weary lives a lustre and warmth, as inspiring -and beneficial as is ?the sunshine of Heaven to our weary old larks. And alas ! it seems to me, possibly in a pessimistic mood, that as our rugged old mother grows older and wearier, so tiie' sun's rays fall more sparingly. As our lives grow yearly more pressed and over worked, so our manners become less gentle' and considerate, and I cannot help think-, ing that for all our progress, intellectually and socially, 'there is something rotten in the state' of us, a canker in the bud that needs firm manipulation, would we save the beauty of the flower. A CASE IN POINT. The charm of a simple, gracious, kindly manner and 'tone of voice is magical. ' They give a 'beauty of expression to the face, wiLh which no brilliancy of complexion or per fection of features can compare. I was par ticularly impressed by this fact a day or two ago, whilst 'taking tea after a busy afternoon of shopping. A very plain, very old, very small lady sa't herself at the table next to mine. Something in her manner as she quietly took her seat and gave her order simply to t'he waiter at once attracted me, and the sweet dignity of her voice im parted to that order, the stereotyped 'Tea ana a roll of butter,' such a freshness of expression that the matter-of-fact daily bread and its adjuncts took the glory of a favor about to be conferred upon the servi tor, whose duty it was to supply them. 'And let the roll be not too hard,' she added, slightly emphasising the words as she looked pleasantly up at the man in at tendance, and in spite of her grey hair and her wrinkles, and her little aged figure, there clung to her a charm and fascination of long-ago beauty and youth; in her -sweet quavering, old. voice and gentle, maimer hovered the ghost of. her eighteen Summer charm'; I fell a- wondering, and my own tea copied as.,the man of prosaic phlegma tic type deftly brought the tea and a fresh basket of rolls, pointing out interestedly what ;he considered would be the softest of the pile, quickly arranging t'he tea equip age, and dusting a crumb or two from the table near her, as if for a minute or two his work was congenial. Cream was sug gested, and hot water brought unasked; the sugar was placed within easy reach, ?the handle of the cup turned to its most convenient angle, -and her rather 'heavy fur cloak. placed on a spare chair beside her.. I say I fell a- wondering, and my tea was spoilt as I watched the effect of manner and 'the charm of an old woman's smile. SELFISHNESS AT THE ROOT OF THE MATTER. No matter whether our tastes incline to the hard or :the soft rolls of daily life, it is an undoubted fact that individually all have particular little likes and dislikes and idio syncrasies, and the fact that many of us go dissatisfied 'through our checkered exist ence, I have often thought, may be attribu ted to our selfishness and anx'iety in striv ing, with undue want of consideration for the little likes and dislikes and idiosyn crasies of others, to be first and foremost with our own needs or desires. The want of manner, or rather insistance of manner, of the rough-and-ready type in our ordinary detailic every-day life is becoming a dis tinct bugbear. I do not mean to say that ? man and wn-mon rvf mpons And culture — forgets itself, and what is expected of its position and dignity at home, but abroad it often degenerates into a rough ?bully, unwittingly, perhaps, but none the less certainly, simply in its craze for living at high pressure. There are men and, alas ! women also, who have reminded me often of express locomotives in full steam, and rushing through life, whether on busi ness or pleasure bent, at the highest pos sible speed. THE MORAL OF THE WHOLE MATTER. One dreads to imagine what ordinary men and women will be like In twenty years' time. The 'iud&pendent;' woman, the 'new woman' (who invented this terrible title ?) is certainly making life a trifle hard for her gentler sisters. Let 'there be independence, an you will, but without roughness; and gentleness will surely not deteriorate ability for making a way in the world. For my part, I think the remedy of the evil of bad manners is in the hands of our young women. Let them not choke the womanly smile in the masculine tie ordain ed by Dame Fashion. The tie 'is chic, and all the more chic, combined with a femi nine manner and expression, and safely may a charming woman wear what she will and do whatever work her means and posi tion entail on 'her, and still remain charm ing. — 'The Mater', in the 'Daily News Weekly.' 