TJE-IE BLUE DIAMOND. By L. T. MEADE, * • Author of '"The Siren," "The Wooing ol Monica," "The Yetkr.- Drawing-room/' ."Dr. Rumsey^s Patient," "The Voice oi the Charmer," "Stories from the Diary of a Doctor," &c.;, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with' author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTJiR XXVI. Lil Law-tord • was unhappy. In vain" Mrs. Oardew smiled her brightest, and spoke in her most sunshiny manner; in vain she tempted the invalid with the choicest dain» ties which, she could possibly cook. Strong supplying all the needful funds—there was no dainty too great to offer to the sick girL. In vain did 'little Jim number two smile and crow, ami put on 'his most captivating ways for the benefit of the new inmate 01 So. 10, Acacia Villas. Lil was sad when everyone around heir seemed to be in the highest state of hilarity. Even Gardew, wiren he arrived in the evenings, could do nothing,to cheer his guest. He laid himself ou't for her amusement, lie sang his gayest songs, and whistled in, as Mrs. Cardew- expressed it, a really masterly fashion, but Lil waa not captivated by the,music or the whist ling, or the honest cheerful words of the poor fellow. Her nights were absolutely', wakeful, and ever and • ever two things stared her in the face. She was a thief She had taken the Blue Diamond, and she ought to confess. Lil used to read her Bible, and-to turn to (those, passages which exhorted confes sion. ' Off Sunday she insisted on going ' to the nearest church, and when the clergy man. read aloud 'those parts of the church service which spoke of confession of sin she .trembled, and it .seemed to her (that the linger of God was pointing at her, (that the voice of God was saying, '"Without con- ' fession of sin there is no forgiveness," and the thought of what she supposed she had done, and the need she felt to relieve her mind and make the only restitution, in her power, became so great that her- bodily, strength was seriously undermined. . "In the end it must he discovered,", she thought, "and father and mother will know it, and it is best for the thing to he over and for me to have fold the truth. Oh, what shall I do?" ; On the might which Nancy had spent in' Mrs. Temple's company, the night when Nndine Oloffson had met with, that severe. accident which had caused her to he con-. veyed in an unconscious State to Guy's Hos- ; pitnl, Lil's desire to relieve herself by- eon- , fession rose to fever height.. - As the morn- r ing broke she slowly made up her mind. "I'll do it," she said__ to herself. ■ "It doesn't matter what Nancy says, and it doesn't matter what Mrs. Cardew or Mr. Gardgw say, I'll do it- V I'll see -Beatrix and tell her; I'll go to the house. She can have me arrested immediately after. I "will tell her the truth." ' :" .Lil now having made np.her.mind, felt a certain sense of relief. She had ho money ; whatever in her purse, Oardew enjoining on , his wife on no account to give (their erra tic guest so much as sixpence. But still she felt that in some sort of way she could reach Eaton-square. It was Mrs. Cardew's custom to go out • soon after breakfast to do her day's market ing: She always carried a basket with her, and if the weather was fine Uie Lctle nurse, a' girl of fifteen years of age, went also, carrying the baby. Now on this special day it ivas very fine, -the sun shone and the winds were quiet. J lit was a spring day , in mid-winter, and Nature seemed to re- - joiee, and there was a feel in the air which told those who were -happy and. hopeful that spring was not far off and summer would come, in due course. But there was no sense* of spring, or summer either, in poor Lil's sad lieaiit. She looked out of her little bedroom window and watched Mrs. Cardew and the small maid and the bright-eyed baby going forth on their morn- ■ ing vocations. Mrs. Car-dew looked back at her and nodded. "Take care of yourself; ril-.take."you for « a little "walk when I return, it is quite a lovely day," she called out. Lil made no answer. Mrs. Cardew generally did her own work. She had a charwoman in for an hour or so every morning or afternoon. On - t'his occasion the charwoman was to come towards the middle of the day and Lil therefore had the. whole tiny cottage "to herself. Nothing could be' better for be.'' purpose. She hastily putt on the neat hat which Sire had worn When she first sought the protection of Nancy Price. She pinned, it -on over her 'bright hair, and slipped on her little jacket, and found her gloves, and then went slowly -dowifstairs and out of , the house. She,knew what she was going to do. She was going to confess. She would beg 'Beatrix 'to have her -arrested. She felt that she could bear the pain in her heart better if she also bore the -punish- " ment of-her supposed sin. She slipped, softly out of 'the house, and without .giving a thought to Mrs. Cardew or to 'the grealt trouble her absence would cause, went boldly down the High-street. All her energies, 'all her thoughts were con centrnted on What sire was abont . to do. She met -a policeman at the corner and asked Him -to -tell her the way to Ealton square. , "Take that broad road to your ng.it. You'll see the red buses, follow 'them; they go by 'about every three -minutes. When you have gone on for some time ask again. But it's a goqdish walk, don't forget that." . The policeman, 'looked after Lil with a brief passing interest. She did not wait to -thank him, and walked on at once in the direction he had pointed exit. She was full of eagerness, a 'burning desire possessed •her. She felt that of all things in the . j world the only thing now to be desired was " the peace Which would follow confession. But she had miscalculated her strength. Long 'before she reached Victoria station she was -tired out. She found herself trembling all over and 'a queer, confused, giddy sensation in her head caused her to stop at intervals and. put her hand to her forehead. Tlie heaviest tasks, however, come to an end if one is resolved to go through with them, and presently Lil found herself- at • Victoria station. Prom -there il did not . take her long to reach Eaton-square. She knew her ground now and hurried for ward; but the giddiness in her head was worse, and t'his giddiness was now joined, to a strange sense of confusion. She began to wonder why she was out—what had hap pened to her. -Where was she going, and "whom AV-as about to meet.. "Was Dick Strong, her lover, going to -clasp her hand at any moment. Had her father come to London? Was all the dark past nothing but a - dream? But oh, what- was that about a dia mond? Had she stolen- it? Was it of great value?' Had it been entrusted to -her care and had she made away with it, , . , There was a buzzing sound now.in the back of her head. Her thoughts came quicker and quicker and an a Whirl of such, confusion that she had no -clear sense, to •nfide her whatsoever. Presently she be-' San to laugh softly 'to herself. • Of course she never stole the Blue Diamond or any , diamond. Whatever she was she was. not a -thief. The Temples had invited her toy, stay with them. She was going to . do- eo. She was -close to.'their house now. She : / had walked all the long way from home. . It was a long walk, too, (for a" girl, and she was terribly tired; but Dick would meet hex-, Dick who was so- loving to her, , who cared for her-so mutch, and who would. take -her 'in his arms and rest her as he knew how, and She would never be tired any more. Oh, what a- comfort, she had • reached the house at last. She would ring the hell and ask for Beatrix—yes, that was the name of 'her cousin's . wife—Beatrix' Temple. . Lid did ring the bell. The man, who had often let Iher in before, started -back when , he saw her, and a strange'lock came-into his -face. Lil, .'however, .scarcely .glanced • at him. ' "I want, to see Mrs. Temple,"- she -said, • "Is she.in?" . "Yes, -miss, my mistress is in " - y : ; Lil entered the house.-..She -sat-dowmon . avchair in the'hall. • "I am tired/' she said; "I. have-walked a long way. I want to soecyour mistress. Please tell her that " " "You look very faint,- miss. Shall I get you a glass of wine?" . - " Will you, please?. It is on account of ' • my long walk." The man hurried into the-ad joining din ing-room. He soon returned with, a glass of sherry.' Lil sipped a little of-the stknu- • lant and then put it away. , . "I am better now," she saad, "thank you, I am quite all right again. It was * very long walk from my home-in the coun- ' try:" ', - . . .' She gazed up at " the-man .ps - if "ha wanted 'him to explain some thing. He found it hand to keep ins composure. It .. was right that ins face should be wooden, . ■but it'was working how' spasmodically. There was something about Lit which made his heart ache. • "I will tell my mistress, of course, that you have come, muss. Will you wait in I the: dining-room? • Am L to say Miss Law ford?" ■ "Yes, say Miss Lfiias Lawford; say J want, to speak to her immediately," saidi Lil. .. , ■ -The man. went-away and quickly return . ed.'_ He ran downstairs so fast that the ser vants in the servants' hall, who were wait ing for-their -dinner, wondered what had happened to Andrew, r •• ' He's' getting joints in his knees," said . one of them. 'Andrew -is generally stiffer than any poker. What can be up?" . - Certainly Andrew, the 'footman, had been \- electrified by Mrs. Temple's manner. At first she had absolutely refused to believe . that Miss Lawford, has come to see her, . but when the knowledge was forced .upon ; her by. Andrew's confident majmler she hrst -.got? scarlfet about ithc face, then white as death; then clasped her hands, stood up \- righ t, and said— "Then send her to me immediately. Bring her up yourself, Andrew, at once. I can scarcely believe you. Did you really say ' iMiss Lawford?" . "Yes,: madam—the young lady who was | staying'her—and she seems very bad." y-'-Tfien bring her up to me immediately.'' • So Andrew flew, downstairs, and said in his stoical, manner— "My mistress will see jtou, Miss Lawford. I ;Will jbu follow me to her room." "I know the room, you need not take me '; .to it," said'Ldl, witn the ghost of a smile Nevertheless, Andrew went on in front of her.' '"There's something in the nature of a ■ mystery here," he said to himself, "and if there is to be a pleasing discovery I may as • Well be in at the finish." He opened 'his mistress's door for Lil end sfood at the entrance in an expectant . attitude. . . "Go away, Andrew, and shut the door at once," said Mrs. Temple. She now advanced towards Lil, eagerness Written all over her face, and both her , hands outstretched. • - , ' ."Why did you hide?" she began; "and why have you come hack now? And, oh, what is-the matter?" For Lil's confusion at sight of Beatrix Temple had rolled away T' from her brain. She knew now quite clearly \- why she had come. "The hour of "confes sion had really arrived at last. She was ■ not .afraid, she was only anxious to unbur . _ den her perplexed soul. She spoke simply .--.'.-and firmly. ''How are you,'Beatrix? I ran away because I was obliged to. I—I was frigh tened." . "What frightened you?" asked Mrs. \- Temple, her tone hardening at the sight of ■ -.What she imagined was guilt written on the other girl's face. . "Because I took your Blue Diamond.': ; "Ah, I thought as much. ■ I told Jack so, but he would not believe me. You stole it, Ldlias; and yet I trusted you." "It Was wrong of me," said Lilias; "I can ^ive no excuse whatever, fop my con . duct. • She put her hand to her brow and I ■ pushed back her hair. , "You did it, of course, , to give the stone ; 'to your brother?" % "That was it," said Lil nodding. ;• - "How. dared you be So wicked? Do you ; 'know what you Have imperilled?" "I don't know anything. I think my ;!brain is weak, and I have been ill from shock and other 'things., I took the dia mond, I remember it how. At first I was afraid to confess, and I ran awaf be cause I was frightened. Nadine told me • that I was a thief, 'but I would not be lieve her. I was afraid that you, Beatrix, ' would send the police to arrest m'e • and I ; "lock-ine up, and I knew that if such a " thing ,happened'my father, who is very ill; might die. "But the pain in my heart is i so bad now that I would rather be in \- prison than free. I would rather know •that I had -confessed my sin, and 'then | perhaps God will forgive me." I : "But where is 'the stone now? Never mind about your feelings. If you will only give me the -Stone back now I will forgive you—I will, really. Have you it on your person? ' Tell me! Speak! I will forgive you fifty times over, if you : will only give me the Blue Diamond back : again. Do you know what the loss of that diamond . means? Do you know I' that I shall lose my senses if I cannot get \- it back? Where is it? Have you it?" " • ; --."I do not know where it is," said Lil, and sh'e shook her head vaguely. The keen '• look of intelligence had left her face, the ■sense of confusion was returning. She sank down on the nearest chair, very , whi te and trembling. ■ V, "You. must know where it is; you must I 'be able to restore it to me." ■ .'. "No,-I'don't know, anything about it." •--• "Then why did you come here to-day?" .-'"To tell you that I Stole it." ■ ."What good does that do me if I c'an * not get it back?" "I have not 'the slightest idea what good it will do you. " I came to relieve my own . soul, because only through confession can " my-sin be forgiven." £To be continued from day to day till " finished.] 