AT THE WAS Letter From Private Stanley ' Johnson. It will be remembered that Mr. S. Johnson, son of Mr. F. Johnson, of Bay street, was one of the app'icants for admission into the rank3 of the Victorian Imperial Bushman, aud that, at the last moment, he was rejected. He determined, however, to be about when the fighting was going'on, consequently he managed to get a berth on board the b.s. Black heatb, which was conveying horses to Soutn - Atrica, ana tne luliowing are exiracts from a- letter forwarded to his parents, (he letter being dated at Durban on June 22nd. AMONGST THE HORSES. He siys : — We arrived in Durban safe - and Wf 11 after a very rough pas-a^e. We lost eighteen of the horses ont of 90. Some died of lung diseas% others through being knocked about by the rough -teas. After qp. left Albany the bad weather started, and it took us three days to get round Cape Lsuwin, whereas if it had been fine weather we should have done it in a few hours. The ship had to be run two hundred miles due north out of her course to try and get away from the heavy seas. The captain said if te had not done this every horse would have been swept off the deck, and you would have believed him too if you had been with us. As it was we. had to dump soma tons df horse feed overboard Ttbe ?!h6jcsas,.5':Ieet; ' '? ' terrible^ the seaa wohld-come thundering - * over the' ship,- and we got : quite - used' to the ery — '.Gome on lads, a horse is down, get him on bis feet, but be~ ready to hold on to something in case the next wave wastes you overboard.' This was always the captain's warning. When we got to the scene of-operations, perhaps there would be five or six horses in a heap. In fact, to see them, one would think they were tied in a knot. Then our work would commence Some of them could get up alright with a little , help, but with others it .was impossible for them to get up ; they had wriggled themselves into such a position that we had to get a block and tackle on to ruse them to their feet. And then we wonld witness a terrible sight, one horse here with half-a yard of skin hanging from his side, another with his leg cut, and so on, and we poor mortals cold, drenched to the skin, and hungry. This weather lasted for five days, and, 1 must confess, I was begining to give up the ghost when the storm abated, and it left our ship in a sorry plight Chaff feed-baxes, bundles . of hay, rope, 4sc., were strewn all over the deck and amongst the .horses. Then we had to turn to and straighten things up so as to get to ths horses and give them food and drink, as thsy had hid none for two days and nights, and the way the door brutes would look at you. made one think .they were trying to apeak. We got over the storm eventua'ly, but lost thirteen horses, and after that they were continually' dying until tbe number of eighteen was reached. ARRIVAL AT DURBAN. I can assure you there wasn't a happier min on hoard than myself when the lights of Durban ware sighted. I would not go through a trip like that again for £53. I landed safe and sound, and went up to the drill hall yesterdav, 21st June, and saw the recruiting officer for the ~ various corps in South Africa, and waa accepted, after passing th? doctor, so I leave D orb in to-mirrow morning for* Mariizbatg, seventy-eight miles out, an«L * then I will probably. 'be drafted into Bethune's or Thomycroft's division, and goodnass only . knows where we wUl be sent. In isgard to the l^innesain Dor- ' — ban I thinkit wogM madnaW far nay- ? ^ and vegetable business is moitly eon- '- ducted by coolies- Nearly aQ *he labour is done hers by blackfellows and coolies, . and the place is like a living - ant hill. All is hurry-scurry and bustle — blade- ? fallows working on the wharf, driving lorries, running about with passengers in jinrikishaws, and the rig-oat would make you laugh. Some Wearing horns on their beads, others decorated, with feathers, and so on until they loak like so many harlequins. The sight seems queer at first, but one gets used to it in a few days, what with fine zulus running round wanting you to ride in their 'rikishaws (not forgetting to display their agility by . prancing and jumping sideways like ' young colts) to the . wizened up little coolie, ha wiring round sweetmeats, fish, - and ice cream. Board and. lodging here . .is very dear, ranging from 32/6 par week upwards, and not too 'good at' that. A shilling -meal here is not as good as a 4d one in Melbourne, so you can pretty well guess what it is like. All the restaurants have coolie waiters, and real smart servant 3 they mike. There were 500 coolie immigrants landnd here from India ' last week, mostly husbands and wives, and every woman had a little piocanoiney. They w&e; brought into ths harbour -from the bay. ona mad barge, and the sight was a peculiar one. . These people are going to work here on a sugar plantation. . (TO BE COKTINUEIk 