Personal Gossip, In Sydney the readers of a certain class of literature are getting up a benefit for J. I. Hunt—better known as Jack—the well-Known journalist, once a lightning squirter at Bathurst. He sutlers severely from neuralgia and cataract; has already lost the sight of one eye, and is for the time blind of the other. Still; aided by his wife, he continues to write for the Sunday Times and Referee as Boondi; for the Freeman's Journal as Flaneur; tor the Bajtliurst Sentinel as Yenator; for the Orange Leader as Saladin; for the Lithgow Mercury as Farceur, and so on. Indeed, ne probably turns out more copy than any other iree lance in New South Wales. " His friends think, and rightly, no doubt, that nothing less than complete rest can restore him to health— hence the benefit. William Thomas Reay, war correspondent, Majali, and editor of Melb. Herald, lias achieved his ambition at last. East Bourke Boroughs deposed Hume Cook for Reay, a thin, lanternjawed, self-conlfdent type of man. A very industrious journalist who commenced liie in a sugar works, saw a little of life before the mast, then ran a suburban paper, and finally took on the editing and book-keeping for the Hamilton Spectator. He gained his first introduction to the Melb. press via the old Daily Telegraph under Editor riteliett. From Mr. G. D. Carter, a hard Conservative, to Findley, a compositor, is a mighty drop for Melbourne in the Yic. Assembly. The Labor man would not have had a ghost of a show had there not been six candidates in the field, anl as it is, he represents a decided minority, only scoring 718 votes against 1,518 cast for the others. Findley has been a hanger on of the Trades Hall for years, one of the steady workers, overburdened with more cheek than brains. However, a good strong man will easily put him down next time. One of the most cantankerous men returned to the Yic. Assembly is G. M. Prendergast, for whom North Melbourne unseated Postmaster-General Watt. There is 110 comparison between the two men in point of ability, and N.M. has sadly deteriorated by putting in the Labor howler. Prendergast is a lively type- slinger of die nagging class, whose only capacity is a strong lung and a desire to grab everything for his crowd. One of the surprises of the Yic. elections is the turning down of Mr. James Styles, for Williamstown, with a minority of 540 votes. No member ever worked harder than Styles, who brought to politics a ripe experience in railway and other practical matters. He was a prominent member of the railways committee. Many years ago he was one of the contractors for the Adelaide sewerage system. Arthur Robinson, one of the young "lions" of the Max Hirsch Freetrade clique and a lawyer, has got into Vic. Assembly for l>undas, beating a local sheepfarmer. This pushing young man is a son of Mr. Robinson, the able commercial editor of the Melb. Age, and a brother of Mr. Lionel G. Robinson, now a member of the London Stock Exchange. The new M.P. is not one to hide his light under a bushel, so that he will be a distressing addition to Hansard. . Pinero, the dramatist, modestly ascribes his success to a fluke. He was playing a small part in The Woman in White at the Alexandra, Liverpool. Wilkie Collins was much struck by the performance of another actor, who also had a minor role, and on his return to London he advised Mr. Cavendish to engage him. Bftit by some mischance the novelist marked the wrong name on the playbill, and Pinero was wired for instead of the other man. "But for this fluke," says Pinero, "I might even now be playing low comedy in the provinces at two guineas a week." Hugh Macdonald, M.P. (N.S.W.), evidently fancies himself as a pote. He has added to Wnen the Empire Calls and The Overlander, an Ode of Welcome to the Australian Commonwealth which will be set to music by Alfred Hill, and performed at the annual concert of the Highland Society, held on 2nd January. Mine Inspector Gee, who is in charge of the Tarcoola field on behalf of the Government, is filling in leisure time in writing short stories. His brother Godfrey Egremont, who dropped the Gee from his surnamej was once well known in Adelaide literary circles as a writer of vigorous prose and good verse. He once edited Adelaide Punch. Among well-known folk who once held posts on the literary staff of The Advertiser are Mr. George Perrin, Conservator of Forests in Victoria; Mr. R. S. Smythe, the "much-travelled;" Mr. A. Searcy, Clerk Assistant of the Assembly; Mr. J. P. Stow, S.M., of Port Pirie; Mr. Burgan, one of the Board of In-' spectors who rule the Education Department ; and Mr. Ebenezer Ward. Mr. C. W. A. Scriven came out to S.A. from the old country some 16 years ago, and indulged in sheep-farming with the same bitter experience of many other "woolly" men in this wild-dog-infested and drought-stricken country. Mr. Scriven has been a member of the South-Eastern Land Board for some years, and is in all respects a thorough English gentleman and a man of much commercial knowledge. Colonel Makin, who is retiring from the post of commanding officer of the S.A. Brigade, has a military record of nearly 40 years, receiving his first commission as an . ensign in the English volunteers. Soine 23 years ago he joined the S.A. Forces, obtaining the commission of captain. During his long service he has served as aide-de-camp to the various Governors, and was Acting Commandant for eight months. ' The Colonel retires with the post of Hon. Colonel to the Adelaide Rifles. Mr. G. H. Lake, who died last week, was the first Town Clerk of Jamestown, and he was largely instrumental in securing the election of Sir John Cockburn as a member for the Burra in 1884. When Mr. Lake got into Parliament himself in 1890 he followed Sir John's leadership, and was for six years one of his starichest supporters. Mr. Lake was a pastoral pioneer of the Barrier district, and lie drove the first team of horses from the spot where Broken Hill now stands to the Darling River at Menindie. He was a taciturn, self-repressive man, who minded his own business in politics arid privately, but he was a straightgoer, whose promise was always to be relied upon. How are the mighty fallen ! Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, Bart., ex-Premier of Victoria and ex-member of the British House of Commons, forfeited his £50 deposit as a result of the election at Port Fairy last week. The four S.A. Council members who objected to the discursiveness of Labor member McGregor and helped the President to level his stonewall were Messrs. A. R. Addison, T. Pascoe, J. L. Stirling, and J. Vardon, while subsequently Messrs. J. J. Duncan, K. W. Duncan, J. H. Howe, and A. W. Sandford voted for the motion that the stonewaller be no longer heard. The particular standing order under which all this was done originated in the Assembly some years ago owing to the stonewalling of Ash, Castine, and Solomon, but it was never put. into force there. The Frenchman, Count Castellane, seems to have had a jolly good time with the wealth which came to him by marrying Anna Gould, the rather ugly daughter of the late Jay Gould, the American millionaire. Castellane started by transforming his wife into a presentable woman, and then struck a mania for buying old mansions and ehateaus, which he had magnificently decorated, and then wouldn't live in them. Having paid his debts several times, Anna's American relatives have completely shut down on the Count; his debts amount to ,£880,000, and he recently went to New York to see if the Goulds would again shell out, but they have had enough of his extravagances. Frehcli counts are expensive play tilings.. Mr. James Sim, of Gawler, is one of the picturesque identities of Modern Athens, having lived there for half a century. Although in his 75th year he exhibits much of the activity of youth, both in mind and body. He follows politics with a keen interest, and is chairman of Gawler branch of N.D. League. In hieyouth, with kindred spirits, lie went to the Yictorian gold diggings, and wa& fairly successful. FANNY CERITO CIGARS. Smoke the Fanny Cerito Cigar. It is the best smoke on the market. Phipps Turnbull and Co., proprietors, Melb. Photo, bu Hammir, Adelaide. Mr. C. W- A. Scriven, O! Naracoorte. Col. Makin, the retiring Commander of the S.Ai Brigade* 