THE SERMON. HEART'S EASE FOR HEART'S TROUBLE. By Dr. A. J. CAMPBELL. "Let not your heart be troubled; ye belieye in God, believe also in Me."-John jdv. 1. These words, and those which immedi ately follow them, are words of great price. They instruct ub upon two very important subjects, la the first place, they shed light upon the relation which «xists between Christ and the Father; and, in the second place, they furnish uh with a powerful specific for human sor row. I.-CHRIST'S RELATION TO THE FATHER. It is a relation of Divine equality. The Father and the Son are One, "the ptmo in substance, and equal in power and glory." Undoubtedly our Lord makes that claim when He says to His diBciples.? "Ye believe in God, believe also in Me." For these words mean, "Place the same confidence in my words as you place in the words of God; and, however much, you may be startled by the greatness and the glory o£ the promises which I am about to give you, receive them with the same unhesitating faith as you receive the pro mises which God gave to your fathers in the days of old, and eo you shall find rest to your BOUIb." YOU can explain our Lord's words in no other way than that. For the only ground on which you can re fuse to find in the word "also" the idea of sameness, the same kind of trust, is that you hold Christ to be of an inferior nature to the Father, and therefore less worthy of trust. But if that is your genuine belief in regard to Him-in other words, if you deny that He is God, and count Him only for a man, then you are bound to reject the claim which He makes upon you to repose in Him the same faith you repose in God, and to ask, "Why should men believe in Him? Is not God enough for His creatures? If He cannot sustain them in trouble and deliver them from it, can this man? Who is this that would place Himself beside the great Crea tor ana Preserver of men, and offer him self to their faith, as if, beside our anchor age in Heaven, we must have another anchorage on earth in one whose breath (as they think) is in his nostrils, and wherein is he to be accounted for." Sup pose that you were entrusting a difficult and delicate mission to a friend, but did it in a very hesitating way, it is quite likely that he might undertake it, bat only upon condition that you declared that you had full confidence in him, in his ability, and his integrity. But you would be very much astonished if fie insisted on your declaring that you had as much faith in him as you have in God, No sane man would make such a demand, or if he did you would not listen to it. And yet here we have Christ, the meek and lowly one, without hesitation and without explana tion, placing Himself beside God as equally worthy of your confidence. And He does so with regard to a matter that would keenly test the truth of His claim, viz., His power to bring His disciples safely through the overwhelming trouble which was gathering in front of Him. Great, indeed, is the mystery of godliness. But although that mystery became a manifesta tion, we must remember that when men looked on the manifested Christ what tbey eaw was not God in Essence, but God In carnate. When He took upon Himself the form of a servant and was found in fashion as a man, He put His own divine powers wholly into abeyance, and did all His works in the name of the Father and by the power of the Holy Ghost. And so, even wnile the fulness of . the Godhead was dwelling in Him bodily, He made no such open manifestations of His personal Deity as He did of His true humanity. And the reasons are obvious. For, first, it belongs to the Divine nature, whether of the Father or the Son, that it "is in secret" (Matt. vi. 6), "No man hath seen God at any time or can see Him." Secondly, if Christ had lived partly in the form of God and partly in the form of man, His life would have lost all its application to us as our great example. Thirdly, if He had not kept the awful glories of His God head closely veiled we would have been soared away from Him as Peter was: even "the disciple whom Jesus loved" would not h&ve; ventured to lean upon His breast. And perhaps I ought to add, fourthly, that if His Divine power had been in open and active operation while He was in close eon tact witn sinful men, TTia glory might have broken forth as a consuming fire, as the Shekinah did upon the profaners of the tabernacle, and contradicted His great say ing that He came not to destroy men's lives, but to save them. But while we may be very thankful that He made no such overawing display of His divine personality and power, we must greatly prize those disclosures which our Lord made-especially when they were made, as our text was, in circumstances which seemed to" make His claim to be the Son,of God incredible. For three years He bad been describing to His disciples that glorious kingdom of righteousness and peace and joy which He nad come to set up among men-of which He was to be the kine ana they His ministering servants and"but the other day, as they listened to the joyful Hosannas with which the daugh ters of Jerusalem welcomed Him to their city, they must have fancied that their bril liant prospects were going to be imme diately realised. And so they sat down to eat the passover, I daresay, in a happy and hopeful mood. But suddenly a great hor ror of darkness came down upon them. For now He speaks to them, not of His kingdom, but of His cross, and the breaking of His body, and the shedding of His-blood..' And lest they should think it impossible that such a fate should befall Him, He goes into particulars. One of themselves was going to betray Him'; another of them was going to deny Him, and finally thev were all going to flee away from Him, ana leave Him alone. And yet, in the fac^ of these accumulating terrors-these sins on their part, and these sufferings on His-He tells them that they are not to let their hearts be troubled! How could tbev help being troubled? Could Christ Himself help them? L$t us see. II.-CHRIST'S ANTTOOTE FOR HUMAN SORBOW. The readiest way of removing the trouble of the disciples' hearts would have been to remove the causes of it. When our Lord calmed' the storms on the Lake of- Galilee it was enough to bid the winds cease blow ing* immediately the waves ceased beating on the ship. And had Christ now bade away the clouds that were conifrig down upon their faith; bad He cleared His own coun tenance, from its sadriess, and had He an nouocedthat things were taking a torn for the better, ana that Hjus enemies "were re lenting, Jthat He vras tiot going to be taken trouble would have gone, at once, and their sorrow been turned into joy. But He made no such glad announcement. He gave them no hint or hope of possible chutge in the state of things. The impend ing storm must fall, the Shepherd must be smitten, and the sheep be scattered. But. although lie knew that their affection for Him would not bear the strain that would be put vp<m it, He did not think it alto gether a vain thing to appeal to another source within them from which help might come to them. Just as the shipmaster when one anchor cable breaks drops another, Hie calls upon them, even iiv their darkest extremity, still to believe in Him; and even when He goes uright away from them, and they see Him no more, still to hold Him fast in their faith. You know how assiduously He had been training them in the knowledge of Himself-who He was, and what He was here to do, and that He had succeeded in implanting the elements of a very lofty faith in their hearts, which, on more than one occasion, had revealed itself in their confession that He was "the Christ, the Son of the living God." He now falls back on that faith of theirs. Let them summon it into vigorous exercise. Let it fix itself so firmly to Him that nothing shall tear Him from, its grasp -not Gethsemane, nor the judgment seat of Pilate, nor the cross, nor the silent tomb. And then, to strengthen their faith, and carry it through these terrible events, He spreads before them a picture of amazing beauty of what is to follow His suffering and death. With His eye resting upon the joy that was set before Him, He uttered those most precious words, which have brought unutterable peace to innumerable hearts that this world has made sad: "In My Blather's house are many mansions. If it were not so I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And, if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and receive you to Myself, that where I am there ye may be also. In the mean time, and during His absence, He would not leave them comfortless, He would send them "another comforter," who would abide with them for ever. What followed daring the three following days we know-how the disciples were cast into the depths of despair. But we know also how quickly their night of weeping ended, and what joy came to them in the morning. And how entirely their hearts' trouble had been healed, and how firmly their faith had now aittached them to Him, became manifest in the fact that when He left them a second time, left them for good, instead of bewailing His de parture, they returned to Jerusalem with great joy, and were continually in the temple praising and blessing God. OUR PART AND INTEREST IN THIS MATTER. It is nearly nineteen hundred years since j those things of which I have been speak ing happened. During this long lapse of time vast changes have taken place in the world. Do these things still remain? Are Christ's words still sounding among men? Is He still palling us to believe in Him as we believe in God, and to look to Him as our present help in trouble? Who can doubt it? The name which He chose for Himself was "the Son of 5Ian." He is the property of the whole human race. He is the "brother born to our great adversity." Angels announced His birth as "glad tid-j inps of great joy for all people." And when ? John introduced Him to men it was as "the Lamb of God that taketh away the sin of the world." And so there can be no doubt about it. But how did He take the sin of the world away? By His Divine omnipo tence? No! by His death upon the cross. "He was wounded for our transgressions; He was bruised for our iniquities; the chas tisement of our peace M as upon Him, and with His stTipes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray; we have turned every one to his own wav, but the Lord hath laid on Him the iniquities of us all." And so "He died, the just for the un just, to bring us to God." And it ought not to trouble us that, while He has taken all our sins away, Hej has not taken all our sorrows away. When: we see how, of old, He stood among us in' the dress of sorrow, weeping with those i who wept, and how, "though a son, He had j to learn obedience by the things that He suffered." we need not be surprised that we should be required to submit to the same heavenly discipline, and that there should be bitter ingredients, as well as sweet, in our cup. When we are drawn close to His heart, and have given ourselves wholly up] to Him, not only to be saved, but also to be used in His service, we will certainly /eel that we would be poor soldiers if we did not fight for Him, end poor Christiana if we would not suffer with Him for the overthrow of evil in our own hearts, and for destroying the works of the devil in the world. And, while we do not try to per suade ourselves that affliction is a joyous thing (for we feel it, at the moment, to be j a very grievous thing), yet presently there comes to us, like a voice from heaven.' the words of blessed hope-"Nevertheless, afterward, it yieldeth the peaceable fruit of righteousness to them that are exercised thereby." And so, when troubles assail us, and we cannot shake them off, let us look through the darkness to that great "After ward, so bright with the promise of God so full of heaven and the Father's house and the gathered family, with its glorious Head, and the fountains of living water, and the beauties of holiness and the joys of eternity. That upward look of faith, rest ing upon Jesus, and beholding, as in a glass, these things which God hath pre pared for those who lovfe Him, will lift us out of the darkness and the trouble, and enable us to say, with Paul, "Our light ailiirtion, which is for a moment, will work out for ur an exceeding and eternal weight of glory." 