Frank Parketer's Stratagem BY WM. RAYNOR. ~ [COUPLETS IN THIS IS8VB.] . ..^ toOPTMOHS.] ^ OBAH.Bnlmcr ?J satin the par f lour of her ? ' father's houso I at Smarts tono Hin 1 orlinhire. Boforo her was an open news paper which hud been de livered by tho postman a fow miimtes i pre viously. It -was the Wurrywayo I (Australia) Mercury, ana | thero 'wos ono paracrraph whioh had been marked In red ink, 'apparently to oall Norah's attontion to it. I ' DEATHS. ' ; HORNCASTLE.— Ou Saturday, tbe 8fch Sep ... tombor,- at Wurry way o, John Stuart Horn ' costlo,' a^eu 22 years, of dyaeutery, after au illness of only two days. Norah stared at tlio paper with dry eyeii, her lips drawn tightly together with aii ex pression of inward agony on her face. Then nature came to her relief, and sho sobbed pitoously. ' Dead !' sho cried. ' Oh, my poor, poor Jaok ! Tho light of my lifo is blotted out.' And it' seemed as if she spoke - truly. Instead of tho brisk, happy Norah of old, she became 'as if by tho touch of a magiuian's wand a plodding, careworn' young woman, going about her work in her fathor's house without heart, and simply as a matter of doty { and routino. ? J In One short day, she appeared to havo aged ; ten years. I Norah's father was a grocer, but his trade was not flourishing. Ho was a shopkeeper of the old school ; ? competition had ariben which ho could not cope with ; and that, and Hn unfortunate tendency on his part to drown his raires in the cup that inebriates, had sent him ,on tho downward path. By far his largest creditor was Frank Parketer, a young man of means who hud succeeded to a good I wholesale grocer's business j and Frank had [fallen hopelessly in love with Norah Buhner |— hopelessly, because hor heart was already i'given to Jaok Horncastlo. Flunk, however, _ i was a persistent suitor, and had more than' .once intimated to old Samuel Balmer that if Ihe oould induce his daughter, to accept him ,he would wipe off all his debts and practically pension the old man off. i To do Mr. Balmer justice, ho had not, , hitherto, pressed Norah on the subject. He ?respected her love for Jaok, and now that i Jack was dead, after allowing time for tliu ifirpt passionate grief to subside, he gently . put' it to her whether she could not bring ; herself to marry Frank Parketer and save j her old father and herself from ruin, j Norah did not care what happened to her, . aud she allowed herself to be led like a lamb , to the slaughter. j Frank Parketer's and Norah's tastes did I not prove to be in common. Fast, fond of a. I town life, and a little giveu to betting, he | soon got tired of his handsome, quiet wife, j and, seekiug those pleasures that were con ; ffouinl to him, he left her at home to care for their only child, a girL, Norah. Mrs. Parketer passively submitted to his neglect ; aud when, after six years of wedded life, hor husband died from the effects of . dissipation, leaviug his affairs so involved. that she was thrown on the world almost penniless, she applied herself with quiet I fortitude to the task of earning bread for 1 herself and her daughter. As a mother she loved her .little Norah devotedly, though her life, ethto speak, was buried with Jack Horn castled ? Little Norah was ' little ' no longer. . Although ) only sixteen she was tall,- with a sedate and pensive expression which gave her an appcarauce- of beiug older than she really was. I -Mrs. Parketer had contrived to keep her ' daughter and herself by means of her needle, but her sight had lately been failing, and 'the doctor told hor that she must give her eyes a complete rest or she would wry likely go blind. This seemfed impossible, but young Norah had set herself to learn shorthand and ? typewriting, and was now trying hard to ! obtain a situation, so as by her earnings to j let her mother havo the rest she required. She ant-wered advertisements and eagerly ' watched the postman oil his rounds, but disappointment had hitherto been her lot. At last, however, one morning, there was the unusual but welcome 'rat-tat.' ' Mother, mother I ' she cried. 'I'vegota letter. I am to go aud see the gentleman this morning. It's at the 'Australian Wool. Agency' in Moorgate street.' :' I pray God you may bo successful, my darling.' ' Oh; I am surel shall get the place,' oricd Norah hopefully.' I havo u presentiment that I shall.' : All; child, presentiments, when they are of irpod-fiirtuuej are mostly thoughts born of wishes,?', replied her mother. 'But let uie look at tlie Intter.' I Norah banded her a typewritten note. ? 'Mr. . Horuuitstle will bo glad if Miss Parketer will call upon him to-morrow morning ut eleven o'clook.' ' Horncsstle! ' murmured Mrs. Parketey. ?? How different it would ull'have been if' poor Jack had not died.' ' What did you' say, ' mother?' asked Norah. ? ». 'Nothing, my darling. I was only think ing. The name of Hornoaxrle reminded me of someone whom .1 knew years ago. If the name goes for anything in the way of good luck,' she addwi.. with a ghost of a smile, 'you ought, ro be successful. Norah. anxious not to be late, arrived in Moorgate street {ull ten minutes too soon. The youth who was in tlie office knew her errand, and the idea of this tall, ladylike girl being his fellow-clerk was ourious lo him. He received her with a strange mixturo of shy respect and familiarity. (' Mr. Horncastlo hasn't oome yet, miss,' hettud. ''t It's not a market day, you know, and he's nevor here bofdre eleven on ' off days.' ' ~ 'Oli, thHnfc'?you,' she answered timidly. ' I will wait.' 'Here's a ohair..miss,' said the olerk, as he shifted oiie towards her. ' The guvnor's sure to be here at eleven. He's awfully punotual.' The ten minutes seemed an ago to Norah, but ''precisely as the clock in the Bank of Kngland clanged out the hour the office door was thrown open, and a fine, broad Bhouldered, athletic-looking mau of about forty years of age, or perhaps a little more, walked in. He planned at the girl who was Bitting in the railed-in space that did duty for a . waiting-room, and, us ho did so, his face paled, visibly and he stared at her so fixedly that, she felt quite confused. 'Ah! You've called in answer to my note, ^haven't youp' he said, as he nntioed her rising colour. ' I will see you almost immediately— as Boon as I have opened my letters. ' ; The letters wero few and unimportant thnt morning, and what thore were were quickly thrown aside. But Mr. Horncastlo sat with bis chiii on his hiind in deep thought. 'Strange!' he muttered. 'I seleoted her letter out of hundreds because of the name of Norah. and she's the very image of my poor sweetheart ' Then he remembered that the 'image' was wniting, and he called for her to be shown in. ' Take a seat, Miss I'arketnr,' ho said, as j be artfully placed a chair where the light would fall full upon her. ' Tou oan use the typewriter ?' She was nervous and trembling. I ' I have learnt it, 'sir, ' she replied. 'Bat I've not had a situation vet.' ' I see,' be . said, smilingly, ,rAnd tho Idea of applying for one flurries yon a little. Well, now, suppose you tako a note of a letter in shorthand and then typo it at tho maohine, so that I oan see how you manage it. 'Tako your time now, nnd don't be too anxious. I am quito willing to make all allowances for you,' ho added kindly. This big, strong gentleman was vory nico and reassuring, Norah .'thought, nnd it guve her courugo. Sho took tho note from his dictation, and typed it absolutely without mistake^ ' That's famously done,' he said. Aud ho offered her a wago whioh was considerably more than she had oxpected. ' You can start to-morrow,' lie continued. ' But boforo you go might I ask you a fow questions as to yourself P' Norah crimsoned us slio opened her little satchel. ' I quite forgot, sir,' sho answered. 'I have a letter hero as to my ehoraoter from our clergyman aud also ono from tho firm that mother lias worked for ns to our respect ability.' ' 1 did not mean that,' ho replied, with a wave of the hand.- ' I am~utisficd with you without anything of that sort. But you remind mo forcibly of 6omeono elso. Whero were you born?' The abruptness of the question startled her. 'I — I was born at Sinnrtstoue in York shire, sir.' ?'Very extraordinary ! Very extra ordinary !' he exclaimed. 'Have you auy :one of the nnmo of Buhner in your family ?' 'My mother's maiden name wus Balmer,' sho said. 'It's strange,' ho cried. 'I thought that I knew every family in Sinurtstone, and yet I only knew one Palmer. Samuel Bulmcr, the grocer.' ' He was my grandfather, sir. I recollect him well. He died when 1 wus six years old, just before my own futher died.' Mr. Horncastlo jumped from his ohair and walkod the room excitedly. 'Is your mother's name Norah, like yours ?' he asked. 'Yes, hor name's Norah, sir.' 'Then I've been wickedly imposed upon,' he cried. And, sliouiing to the youth in the offioe, he told him -to fetch a cab immediately. Then he unlocked awfe and took a small packet of newspapers from a drawer. And in less than half an hour a cub con taining Mr. Horncastlo and the wondering Norah drove up to tho little house at High bury, whero she and her mother lodged. ' Norah !' 'Jack!' And Mr. Horncastle's newly-engaged' lady clerk wus astounded to see her employer seize her mother, who started sobbing hysterically, und clasp her to bis breast. '( I cannot have you for a clerk, Norah,' said Jaok Horncastie, after he had heard her mother's story. ' You must bo my daughter instead.' 'But, Jack!' cried Mrs.. Parketer. 'I don't understand it. Your death was adver tised in the paper.' 'So was yours, my love,' he said. '1 have the old oopv of the Smartstone Chronicle iu mv pocket. Look I' And Mrs. Parketer and young Norah read the advertisement of the former's death. 'Yes, it's in that paper,' said Mrs. Parketer. 'But I can swear it wasn't the real Smurtstone C'ronicle, because father took it every week, and — nnd it's absurd !' ' Someone must have fulsified the papers both in Australia and in England,' said Jack. Some villain ? ' 'Hush, Jack,' she said, gently. 'It. miibt have been Frank. He's dead.' And so it proved. Jack met a man in Loudon some time afterwards who had been at Wurrywayo, and who know a printer in the newspaper office, a relative of Parketer's. Ou his deathbpd this printer had confessed to Jack's informant that bs had altered tho type, by arrangement with : Purketer, after the regular copies of the piper had been printed, and had inserted a false notice of Jack's death in it. 'It seempd to hauut him in his dying hour,' said tlie muii. 'He told mo all about It, aud made me promise to try and undo any mischief that might have been doue. But it was so loug ago that 1 thought it better uot to teke auy notice.' ' But how about .tho Smurtstono paper ?' queried Jaok. ' Oh. of course, Parketer must huve played the same trick there, too ! Ho bribed some body in the office to strike off one false print. It would bn easy enough if tho paper wasn't s ereotvped.'. 