H Cessoti in Bridge. "A trump selection that is right at one stage of the soore may be distinctly wrong at another. You take greater risks when both sides are at love, or when your adversaries are perilously near 30, and you are a long way behind than you would otherwise do. In the first case you can speculate on aid from your partner without much risk of the other side going out if the hope is not realised; and in the second instance it is a case of neck or nothing; you cannot save the game by making a cheap suit trumps, as an overtriek or two against you will lose it anyway, and you therefore hazard the cost of a few extra points on' a big call in the hope of run* ning right out on it. Say you are 14 and they are 28. You hold ace, 10, 9, 8, 4, 2 in hearts, two small clubs, three small diamonds, and two' small spades. This would., under some circumstances, be a doubtful heart call, but here you venture it, for two overtricks in hearts will carry you to game, and the loss of the odd trick in anything will lose it. "When you declare a suit on which the winning of the odd trick by the other side will carry them out, you ought to hold five reasonably certain tricks in your own hand. It is never wise to expect more than two tricks with your partner although his average share would be three. The dummy hand can always be assured that the dealer has no pronounced strength in the red suits, or he would have declared one of them, and so to justify a call of hearts or diamonds, dummy, should have a probable five tricks on his own account. With three or four certain tricks in the black suits he would be right in announcing the stronger, as the dealer has, as likely as not, passed on a. run of them. i "We now .come to the most generally speculative call of all, the sans atout. By 'generally speculative' I mean that although some sans atout calls are certain —wins, such, for instance, as four aces supported by king, queen, jack, to one of them—seven tricks for sure—others^ in consequence of their high scoring value, are, when the caller requires a big num. ber of points to carry him out, and his adversaries want very few, attempted on comparatively weak hands. On four aces you always call it, because even if you fail you have the compensatory hundred honor points, arid with four tricks certain in your hand it is not too much to expect three tricks from your partner, • acked up as liis suits wili be by your four aces. With three aces supported by any strength in ' their own suits, or by likely trick-making honors in the fourth; or without a single ace if you are very strong in all the other suits you also declare 'no trumps.' And you mostly risk it with the full command of one long suit ; , such as ace, king, queen, and three more, and a reasonable certainty of coming in on another suit, such as a single ace, or two kings guarded. This, however, would apply more particularly to the dealer than to his partner, for. as will be readily understood, the odds are in favor of one of the kings being led up to and so established for the second round of the suit, as the player on the dealer's left has to open the game. If dummy called sans atout •on this hand, the king would be led through and probably lost, but, anyway, after the first lead his cards would be exposed, and his chance of ha-ving either of his king suits opened up to him would be remote. This applies in a similar sense to all dummyfe declarations; his strength and weakness are alike apparent to his adversaries; whereas in the early stages of. the play, they are in the dark as to the quality of the dealer's cards, so that the latter is often presented with gratuitous tricks that would not have come to -his share had his hand been divulged. You will thus perceive that •dummy has to call on more genuine cards than if he were declaring as dealer. "I have said that in emergencies the dealer makes sans atout on a eompara^ tively light hand, his reliance being on support from his partner. When he is at zero and his opponents are so high in the score that they are fairly certain to go out on their own deal—the next—and he holds any suit that is good for six tricks, he declares 'no trumps,' even if he only has a ghost of a chance of coming in on his other cards, such, for instance, as two queens guarded. He depends upon dummy's help to establish one of his queens, or on dummy taking a trick and putting him into possession of the long suit at once. "On the question of doubling you must be guided mainly by the state of. the score. It is perhaps scarcely necessary to observe that you never double unless you have reason to suppose that you are more likely than the declaring hand to set the odd trick.- When you are nearly out. with your opponents in the neighborhood of love, and an ordinary odd trick will give you the game, you only double if the seven tricks are practically certain in your own hand. With ,the ele* ment of a doubt about it, you play on the original value, and you should be equally reticent in doubling on dubious cards when both scores are at love. • Don't double on strength in the plain suits, unless supported by ' effective trumps, or your plain suit tricks mil be ruffed. "You double on six probable tricks in your own hand, more especially if the odd trick at the advanced price will put you out, but always be wary of doubling high-priced suits except on an assured win; for the odd trick on a re-double on sans atout or hearts will carry either side to game -from love, or on diamonds from the score of C. "The player who has the first lead out •doubles sans atout if he has seven certain tricks in one suit, but his partner would not do this, because the leadei would have no means of knowing the suit the scven-trick hand wanted opened, and '1 might never come into play until long after overtricks had been won by the other side. "The best position for a double is when you are to the left of the trump maker, for you . stand sentinel over his etrpnsrtli, and render his finessing inoperative. When the trump-maker sits over you, don't double unless you are exceptionally powerful. Double the dummy when he makes spades and you have the virtual control of them, for he has called on extreme Aveakness, and the dealer, having passed, is not dangerous; but without the spade mastery, be cautious of doubling dummy on a spade call, as he may have great strength in them, and should he double back again it would mean 8 points per trick, the price of hearts. "In doubling, as in making trumps, the speculative principle comes to the front, and so when the odd trick, at twice the original price, will carry you out, you take the risk on weaker cards than you ordinarily, would and you adopt the same policy if you are playing the deciding game of the rubber, and your adversaries nil just on 30, while you arc at love. These are tactics for desperate cases generally, but they are sometimes successful in snatching a rubber out of the fire, and then they go to compensate for extra points lost on doubles that don't 'come off.' ; "Don't double on a questionable hand if the; other side, by re- doubling, can just go out on the odd trick." (To be concluded.) 