Cardinal Moran in Melbourne. fl Great Sermon. 'THE HERITAGE OF BLESSINGS IN THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. A SPECIAL REPORT. THIS IS THE DISCOURSE WHICH EVERYONE SHOULD READ AND PRESERVE. Mijujournk, Sunday. ? incense interest was t a icon to-ciay by mombora of the Catholic Church in the ??dedication and opening of the newly-erected ?church ab St. Mary's, the Star of the Sea, at West Melbourne. Interest was aroused by the presence of his Eminence Cardinal Moran, who paid a Bpecial visit to Mel 'bourne to tako part in the opening core monies. The proceedings included an im pressive celebration of Pontifical High Mass ,to music specially composed by the choir conductor, Herr Do Ohaneet. The choir was a strong one, and with the aid of the organ and orchestra Herr Do Chanoot was enabled to produoo his First MaBS with telling effect. His Eminence preached a great sermon on the occasion. At the con clusion of the oeremonies the Cardinal gave the Papal Benodiotion, and was thon pre sented with an address from the priests and people of the diocese. Dr. O'Donnell made the presentation, and the Cardinal, in re turning thanks, complimented the priests and the people upon the 'magnificent build ing they had erected. The collection taken up for tho building fund totalled £1209 9a '9d, The new church is of the Frenoh.Gothio stylo of arohitooturo, will seat 1200 persons, and has boon erected at a cost of upwards of £30,000, of whioh more than two- thirds havo been paid. Tho organ is a particularly ?fino instrument, costing £1000. Hore is a full report of tho Cardinal's sermon : — Dearly Beloved in Christ, —Tho Catholic Ohuroh, the spiritual Kingdom of God upon earth, is tho masterpiece of the Redeemer's creative power and wisdom. The loved dis ? oiplo contemplating in joyous vision the outpouring of gifts and graces with whioh it was onriohed by its Divine Founder, ories out: 'I saw tho holy city, tho now Jeru salem, coming down out of heaven from God, prepared as a bride adorned for her ?spouse. And I hoard a great voioo from tho throno, saying : Behold tho tabernaole of God with men, and Ho will dwell with thorn : and ' they shall be His people, and ?God Himself with them shall bo their God.' (Apoo. xxi. 2). The great Doctor of tho ?Church, St. Augustine, towards tho oloso of tho 4th oentury, when, weary with hia many years of wandering amid the mazes of ? error, he at length found rest and poaoo in this olty of God, oxolaimed in an oostasy of delight : ' Too lato havo I known thao, too late havo I lovod thoej' and oounbless ?souls who had followed in his fqotsiiops in his devious course, but had, like him, in tho depths of tho mercy of God been summoned to partake of tho rich heritage of blesBlngs prepared for them in Holy Ohuroh, lifted up their voices in tho exuberance of their joy, and ontonod tho swoob oantialo of 'thanksgiving! 'Courts of my Lord, King, dom of thy Saviour's blood i Ono day in thy tabornaolos is bottor than a thousand j lot mo praiso thoo, O my God, for ovor and over.' Tho illustrious Newman in our own ? day, nob content to givo expression with singular boauty to tho samo aontimontB of spiritual rojoloing, wiflhod, moroovor, to in vibe all who aro oufcsido tho ono saving fold to Iwsbon to tho bosom of tho Ohuroh, that bhoy, too, maybe partakers)' of tho ineffable bloiisingB which it was his own happy prh'llaga to onjoy ! ' Oh, long sought aftor, tardily found, doslro of tho oyos, joy of tho ?hoaii't, bho truth after many shadows, tho iulnoas aftor many foretastes, tho homo aftor many Htorms, oomo to hor, poor wanderers, 'for Blio it in, and oho ivlono, who oan unfold tho moaning of your bulng and bho soorot of your doatlny,' ? , , , , Thla horfbago of dlvlno bloHslngfl whioh from ago to ago has enraptured bho moat ? onliahtunod minds, and \w ondciarod Holy ?Ohuroh to ovory Christian hoarb, wlllbo tho aubjuob of my address to you bo-cUiy, and I will able you to oonoiilor lbs varlud gitbs und grnaos unda'r throo heads i , First- Our Saviour Himaolf ovor praaonb In HIh Chui'oh, and manifold bloasingti oonuuotod with Hia dlvlno nroHunoo amongst Sooond, Tho spiritual lUibhot'lby with whioh Ohrlab luvoatod Hln kingdom upon oarbh, and tho tmbllma prurugabivoH wliloh ? mtah nu flul/hai'lby Involvoti. Andbhludly, I will oiidoavour to onumor. ? ate Homo o£ tho spoalitl KI'uooh whioh may bo Btylod bho moiiiflu OhrlHtl, tho ( IIbI Inoblvo heavenly lowola with whioh bho Uadoomoi1 onrlohotf Mis BpoitHo tho Ohuroh on bho day ?of hot oapouuiUa. r. The first and greatest treasure of Holy Ohuroh is tho Divine Redeemer HimBolf. Foretold in tho prophecy the Messiah was dflstined to be the glory of Israel, His Kingdom would be etornai, mercy and truth, justice and peace would follow in His train, God would visit His people. In tho mystery of bho Incarnation, these propheoies are ful filled : tho heavens are bent down to earth ; tho Creator comos in search of His children ; He tho Mighty God, the true Emmanuel, takes to Himself our human nature in tho Immaculate womb of the Blessed Virgin, and is born at Bethlehem. The hopes and prayers, the yearning and aspirations of the patriarohs and prophets and saints of old are realised, tho work of redemption is accomplished. The Dkkknoe of Revealed Truth. It iB a remarkable phase of controversy in the closing years of this 19bh century, that Holy Church should feel constrained, when refuting the errors that abound, to place in tho forefront of her defenoe of revealed truth, the Divinity of our Blessed Lord. The various heresies that arose 300 years ago have already run their course, they have (lung away one by one tho sacred truthB which thoy brought with thorn when they forsook the Catholic fold, and at the present day even the most approved cham pions of orthodoxy amongst them make light of tho very fundamental principles on wnioh Christianity rests. The^ will speak of Christ as gifted and privileged and ennobled beyond other men, but they will not confess that He is true God, nor will thoy allow Him to .be adored as suoh, Hence for them. His birth at Bethlehem is nothing more than an historical event, a singular event in the past htetory of the world, whioh marked, indeed, an epooh in tho development of civilisation, but one that cannot bo regarded as a living and abiding faot, and whoso infiuonoo on the '.fluctuating currents of human progress has gradually passed away. But tho Oatholio Ohuroh unceasingly sets forth as the first and foremost principle in her teaohing of divine truth the golden worda of bho Evangelist!— -'In the oegln ning waB the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word waa God. By Him all things wore made. In Him was life, and the life was the light of man. Ho oame unto His own, and His own reooived Him not. But aa many as received Him, Ho gave them power to be made the sons of God, to thorn that bolievo in His name, And the Word was made (loah and dwelt amongst ub, and wo saw Hla glory as of tho only begotten of the 'father, in tho fulness of graoe and truth.' Thus Ho is tho Eternal, the First and tho Lank by whom all things havo their being, and to whom all porfeot worship, all homage, all adoration, all love aro duo. In the words of the Apostle Ho is bho splendour of bho Father's subBtanao, tho over-subsisting imago of tho divlno glory, Himaolf true God, blossod for ovor. This is tho groat mystery whioh, hidden from otornity in God, hath boon mado manifest in bho fulness of bimo, un folding to 'us tho rlohoB of tho ulory of tho Most High, and tho troasuros of His moroy for, fallon man. Aa bho Apoabio boaohos i ' Groab is bho mynfcory of ploby j God marie manifoab In tho ilosh,' (l Tim. ill., 1(1.) But ib ia a mystery whioh tho world in tho prido of ibn false wisdom oannob grasp, Tho divine light Hhlnobh in tho.darknosaand bho durlcnoHH oomprohondod ib nob. ' I oonfaas l,o Thoo, O Father, Lord of hoavon and ourth, in thab Thou Hast hidden thnso things from tho wlao and prudent, and hast rovoalod thorn to llbtlo onoa, Yoa, Father, for bo it lmbh boon ploatilng In Thy flight' (Luko x.'21,) But; if bho world will not ro oolvo bho toaohlnq of our Saviour, bho flwopfcoBt ilowor of wisdom In tho Catholic mind 1h to know bho Fabhor, as'blui Bo« dooinor haa rovoalod Him bo ua, and tho m'rtndoNto otwn of victory In bho Oittliolla hoarb Ib bhrouah filial ploby to mako aomo roburn for bho Fabhor's lovo, Tmo Ltvinci Ohhth'.i? ih MviiiinMirNd to Vb, Tho Inournablon In nob a moro pawning phiuio of' God's dealings with man, Tho Word mado floflh, Is bho ovor«proaonb and abkllug myabory of Clod's lovo, unceasingly flooding bho world with bho blessings of dlvlno moroy i 'Ohrlab Jomis,' flays bho Apotiblo, ' bho otuno yutitorday, bo-day, and for evermore.' Thus the living Ohrisb is everything to us. Ho is indeed ' the way, the truth, and the life.' He is the very principle of the supernatural life by whioh we are the sons of God. He is tho foundation of all our hopes : the source whence comes to us the formal gift of Divine Faith with all its light and con eolations and joys, Divine Faith is styled by the Apostle the substance of things we hope for. It bringB home to us the reality of things unseen, it leads us to the Beatific Vision, and it enables us oven during our pilgrimage here below to graBp the truth of God in bo far as He has been pleased to reveal HimBelf to us. Like the pillar of light whioh guided the Jewish people in the desert, it illumines the p.ath of life with the rays of divine lighb, and guides and guards us in our heavenward course. 'Tim is bhe viobory. whioh con quereth tho world, your faith.' It is the root of the supernatural life in man ; ib iB the gift whioh prompts the heart to generous labour and the noblest sacrifices. It truly opens tho mind of God, and enableB us to lead on earth a life of heaven. It is like the golden ladder seen by the patriaroh Jacob, which rested on the earth but reached even to the hoavenB, and by whioh the Angels ascending and descending conduct the faith ful soul to the presence of the Most High. No matter how men may be occupied with the thoughts of earth, and may endeavour by the gratification of their passions bo over whelm tho world in darkness, the Redeemer in His meroy shall nob forsake ib, His divine lighb will over continue to Bhed its rays upon mankind, and to mark the seoure path that leads to eternal life. Tun Spirit ov God Bheathet- on Those Withering Bones, and they wekh CliOTKHD WITH FLESH ANEW. Through the Redeemer's meroy, the sacra mental graces Whioh impart and preserve bo us our spiritual life, aro a heritage of bless ings in Holy Ohuroh. Before the coming of our Saviour the oondition of the human race was typified by the withering bones spread out over a vast plain, shown in viaion to tho prophet Ezochiel. Bub when bhe Redeemer cdme, the Spirit of God breathed upon those withering bones and they were oloched with fleah anew and were cuiiokoned into lifo, and stood ereot us a mighty army of God. It is through divine grace in the saoraments that this' new life is imparted to us. It is this gift that onablos us bo achieve our spiritual victories during our pilgrimage hore below ; the same gift it ia that will orown the merit of our triumphs in heaven. The world ignores this supernatural life of divine grace, but the Redeemer declares thab this was His mission to impart that divine life to us : ' For this have I come that they may havo life, and may have it more abundantly.' (John x,, 10) As the heavens are olovated above the earth, even bo does tho spiritual life of sanotifying grace transcend in dignity and beauty and splendour everything thab this world Oitn present. The Saoraments, whioh Impart and pre serve this supernatural lifo of tho soul, aro the fountains of whioh bhe prophets apeak, that ohanged tho desert Into a watered gardon j tho fountains of salvation of whioh tho people of God wore to drink with joy } spiritual fountains open to all who are of the House of Israel, In tho Snoramonbs, tho blessings of sanotifioation aro brought within the roach of all tho faithful, no matter how frail or sinful thoy may havo boon. Tho infinite love of our Saviour was nob oontont to aohiovo the work of Redemp tion and purahase us at a gruab prioo, bub in bho Sacraments Ho is busy going to und fro among tho souls whom Ho has radoornod. Tho fountains of Uodomption aro hero' ever full and overflowing and froo to all, and Ho who is tho souroo of tholr blessing stands bosldo them and lovingly appeals to tho children of mon i 'All you that aro athirst oomo to tho waters j and you, who havo no monoy, make hasto, buy and oat.' (Ib, lv,, 1.) Another Pjoiokmohb Gira, Bub thoro is anobhor poorloss gift of tho Rodoomor to Holy Ohuroh In oonneotlon with this ministry of Hupornatural [jraaos that merits particular attention. At tho laat Huppor our Saviour borjoathod bo His ApaatloH aa a logaoy of lovo His own dlvlno Prloathood, 'Do yo bills In romom- branoo of Mo,' woroHIa solemn worda \ and as Ho wont forth to Gctbhaamuue, in Hia boaublful prayer to tho Fathor Ho registers bho momentous heritage bhus aonfori'od on bhomi 'Tho glory whioh Thou has glvon bo Mo, I have glvon bo bhom ' (John xvli, 22), Tho Kodoomorby bho union of His saorod humanity with bho otornal Word bo oamo our High PHuab, bho moat oxaltod honour und digillby and glory that oould bo allotted to Him m man, In bhe words of bho Apostle, 'Ohrisb did nob glorify Him self bo bo made a High Prloub, 1mb Ho that said unto Him : Thou art my Son ; this day have I be gotten thee ' (Heb. v. 5). A par ticipation in that peerless glory now be comes the Apostles' heritage : 'The glory whioh Thou hast given to Me, I have given to them.' The Redeemer ia His sacrificd offered the perfeob and complete Bubinisaion of His will to the Father, a submission complete even unto the death of the Oross. Thab sacrifice was accomplished at the lasb Supper, though its outward manifestation was only perfected on Calvary. And on Calvary, too, He in His wond rous meroy endured in His Bufferings and ignominy tha burden of our sins, thus meriting that we might be exempted from the eternal punishment that the divine jus tice would demand, Our Saviour Did Not Cease to be Ouit High Priest. And our Saviour did nob cease to be our High Priest. Amid the splendours of the Resurrection He rotained the insignia of the sacred woundB of theOruoifixion. In Heaven His snored humanity, is enthroned at the right hand of the Father, but He continues to be our High Priest. The Lamb as if slain, yet living, ia the perpetual holooausb on the golden altar, and the Angels and BaintR join in the eternal acolaim : 'To Him that sitteth on the throne, and to tho Lamb, benediction and honour and glory and power for ever and ever.' (Apoo. v. 13). In the epistle to the Hebrews, the Apostle teaohes that our Saviour in His heavenly kingdom ib ' ever living to make intercession tor us ' (vii. 25), that enthroned at the right hand, yet He is ' still miniaber ing for us' (viii. 3), and bhab He entered into the heavenly sanctuary ' to appear bo fore the face of God for us ' (ix. 24). It is not thab bhe Saorifioo on bhe Gross was not oomplete. He truly accomplished the work of Redemption. It is not a now saorifioo that now is offered, but tho ono oblation is perrebuated in heaven, tho Redeemer's wounds ever pleading in our behalf. Thus He continues bo bo our High Priest that Ho may bring home to eaoh faithful soul bhe blessings of Redemption. So boo ib is bhab on our albars wo see per petuated bho same Sacrifice of Calvary. The prophooy of Malaohy ia fulfilled s 'From bho rising of bhe sun, even to bho going down, , My name ia groab among bhe Gen biles, aad in ovory plaoo there la saorifioe, and there ia offered to My name a oloan oblation i' for My name is great among bho Genbiles, Baibh bhe'Lord of Hosts' (1. ,11). The Lamb that was slain yet is living, ia offered on our altaro. As in heaven, so hore tho Redeemer is still our High Priest and Victim, but hero through the ministry of His priests He offers the same saorifico, and under the suoramontal veils the same otornal Viotim is, prosenbod to bho Fathor. The Homage ov HonY Church to tub Most Hiaii, . How grand, how perfeob, is tho homage whioh Holy Ohuroh in thus privileged to offer to the Moat High, Looking back ? through tho course of nineteen oen turiof, tho Catholic Ohuroh stauds boforo us a stately Cathedral built by bho Re deomor'a hands, and one by ono bho nations of Christendom on tor bheto to offor supremo worship and adoration to God, ? How mac nifioont is that procession of nations and peoples embracing all who, havo boon re deemed, Eaoh holds aloft its own ban nor b and symbols, ,oaoh chants its distinotivo anbhoms of praise and thanksgiving and glory to the Mast High, Bub ono is tho altar, ono bho sacrifice, ono tho Vlotlm that is offorod for all, As that proooaalou of agos and natioim wends ibn way through tho aistos and sanctuaries of that worhl-wido - Odbhodrftl, not btillb by tho hands of man, how varlucl ato bho tributes of piety, how subllmo bho worship that' la offorod, Bub tho uonbro of all bho adoration and praiso and worship la bho dlvlno tl!«h Prk-Hb, and bho onoSivorlfieo whioh bhrough bho minisbry of His ohoaon priosbhood on earth Ho odors bo bho Fathor, Tho ApoHtlos aro bho loaders , of bhab wonderful proboBuion, I'rostrato buforo bhu Liunb, in bho uamo of all bho re- . doeriuid, thoy offor tholr golden arowns, Thuro Is bho army of tho martyrs, irmgnlfi oont in tholr array of heroism and dovobud iiush bo the Faith, Tho sonroo of- nil tholr heroism and fortitude Is bho BIohbocI Euohar- ' lub, Tho Ohuroh waa most oaroful to nour ish with the Broud of (-ho ntrong bhoHo who wore oivllod to glvo fcostlmony of tholr Falbh. Ah ono of bho luiuionb Fathers has written t Ho is not oqual in tho sllrlfo to oyoroomo bho porsuoutois, who has nob purtakun of bho ilosh of, our Biassed Lord., Thoro is bho brlghb array of bho grout doctors of tho Ohuroh, and tho bishops and prioubs, who prouohod bho Faith, and whose biioino of eulogy was bho Haarifioo thab is offorod up, Thuro aru tho ohoh'H of virgin sainbs whoso aaubloloB rojolou hoavon itself, bho Hoorob of whose privilege and rejoicing is the Euchar istic Bread that nourished their spiritual life, And there . ib withal the countless of all nations and peoples, of every race and every climate, whose anthems like the voice of many waters offer unceasing homage and praise and thanksgiving to God. The RicDEEMioii's Gikt to the Church. This great truth enables us to realise in some wey the perfection of the divine worship which in Holy Mass the hum blest of the faithful is privileged to offer to God. Of ourselves we have nothing that would be worthy of, the divine acceptance. But the Redeemer has provided His Churoh with a truly acceptable gift, worthy of religion and worthy of the divine Majesty to whom it is offered. The humblest child of the Ohuroh who kneels at the altar, unites in Bpirit with the sacrifice that is offered by the hands of the priest. He feola that he is associated with the mighty throng of ? fervent- wor- shippers of all nations and of all ages, ns well as with the triumphant choirs oljbring the divine Victim ihxfc is all-pleasing in the 8i£?ht of God. Ho knows that day by day 250,000 altars throughout Christendom the one saorifico is offered up giving glory to the Most High and presenting an homage and adoration most pleasing to Him. The faithful, when Uiey assist at Holy Mass, oonecious though they bo of weakness and frailty and misery, cannot but rejoice. in the rich bfffring with which the Redeemer, in the excess of His divine bounty and mercy, has thus equipped them. They know that the holocauat of sacrifice is offered up for them and in their name, and they fervently unite with it the silent offering of their own hearts. In humble confHonoe they remain at the foot of the mountain from whose summit ascends the fragrant incense of adoration and praise. And whilst with all fervour they pay the debt of supreme worship that iH due to God, they petition for the graoes of which they stand in need, for the gift of true contrition, and for the oi&wning; grace of final per severance, and they pray that the blessings of the mercy of God in all their boundless wealth may be extended not only to them selves, but to those who aro dear to them, thoir parents or children, their family, their frionda, thoir oountry, and that in the depth of the riches of the divine bounty the poor bouIs Buffering in purgatory may not bo without mieli I need not dwell at any length on the other infinitely precious gifts t/hat form part of this special heritage of blessings. There is tlio indwelling of the Holy Ghost, whioh through our Saviour's prayer has be come the inexhaustible source of every con solation and grace in the Oatholio Ohuroh. ' I will ask the P/vther,' is the Redeemer's announcement to the Apostles, 'and He shall give you another Parnoloto that Ho may abide with you for over.' And again He repeats: 'The Paraoleto, the Holy Ghost, whom the leather will sond in My name, will teach you all things, and bring all things to your mind, what'soovor I shall have Bald to you. When He, the Spirit of Truth, is ooino, Ho will teach you all truth.' All through the Holy Spirit, another most preoiouB divine gift is ourp, the in spired books of Holy Writ whioh the Ohuroh has over guarded with inviolable oaro and oommondad to her ohildron. The Saorod Scriptures are an invincible armour against every weapon of horosy, an impregnable bulwark of defenoe for revealed truth, an authentic narrative of God's dealings with man, a comforting rooord of the publio ministry of our Blessed Lord, furnishing to the faithful children of tho Ohuroh an inox hausbible storo of lessons to enlighten und guide and instruct thorn, n. Another glorious horitago of Holy Oliuroh is proBontod to us in the spiritual authority wltih whioli sho wan invested by hor Dlvlno 1'onndor, and In the1 manifold gifts which flow from' that authority, Whosoever 1mh studied the llfo of our Blessed Lord will havo realised that Ho pro posed to Himsolf to aooompUHh a work truly divine, a work devisod by an infinite wisdom and foretold in prophecy, whioh would bo wholly pooullar to Him ; and Ho aoaompUshud this dospito tho thousand obBtaolos with whioh It was bosot, and dospito all tho efforts of tho allied foraou of Satan ancl u wiokod world to provont Its accomplishment, Tho grand work thus aohlovod was tho building up of God's Kingdom upon oarth, ( 'AtlAIN AND AflA'lNl TlUi VoiOM OF TlUfl Fammliou Was Hmaiu-,' It wub inanifostly in tho oxorolao of an almighty power and of a divine authority ihivt ouv Saviour accomplished this, Again and again tho voiao of tho Father was hoard . , giving tho soul of hoavon to tho Rodeomor's ' misaton i ' This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased ; hour yo Him.' The prophoolon that wore fulfilled and tho wondtouB miraoles of moroy that wore uo« oomplishod, proclaimed Hiu authority to bo divino } but tho crowning ovidonoo was addod to all this, whon, radiant, with tho Bploiuloura of tho divino Majnaty, and load ing oaptivity captive, He, by His own power, arose triumphant from the tomb. It pleased our Saviour that the diviue authority thus authenticated, thus sealed by heaven i self, would be communicated to Holy Ohuroh. 'As the Father hath sent Me, eo I send you,' were His words to the Apostles. ' Ha who hears you hears Me ; he who despises you despises Me.' And again He wuid to thorn, 'All powor is given Me in heaven and on earth ; go ye t/hertifore and make all nations your., disciples,' or, as we lead in the goBpel of St. Mark, ' Go yo into the whole world, and preach tho gospel to every creature ; ho that believeth and is baptised shall be saved ; but he that believeth not 'hall be condemned.' It is not that Christ Himtolf would sur render His divino .power ; Ho would con tinue to exercise it- throughout all time. 'I am with you all days, even to the con summation of the world ;' but He would exercise it through the Apostles and their successors. Hour augti3t is tho authority thus given to Holy Church. It leads us back to the very source of all authority, that is to God Himself. It knows no boundaries ; no limits are set to it.' It is not restricted by any frontiers of the secular powers that sway the destinies of this world ; its only litnittt are the bounds of the earth. It it* not subject to the vicissitudes of time, or the decrepitude of age, for it is divino j and it shall continue to be exercised so long as the world shall last. This spiritual authority is a precious heritage of blessing to the Church, devised, aB the Apostle telltt us, for building up the mysfcio body of Christ, (hat is, for guarding and preserving the teachings of the faith, and perpetuating the treasures of redemp tion. St. James further attests that this divine authority is grafted to the Church, that the faithful inity not be tossed about by every wind of false doctrine, or be betrayed into error by tho plausible ( reasonings, or crafty schemes, and cunning devices ol evil designing men, Wins*? tjih Standard of Rkvoj/t Was UnFUWjKD. When the standard of revolt was unfurled by innumerable agonoios of heresy in the Jflth contury, it was muinly this spiritual authority ot the Ohuroh that was marked out for assault. The authority' of Iho in spired writings wns set up as a substitute in ?its.Btead. Tlie Bible, and nothing but tho Bible, was the war cry of all the sects. Tho developments of Protestantism in our own day have booomo the avenging Nemesis of tho divine truth that was thus assailed. In the pursuits of higher criticism, gifted men who hold exalted positions in the Anglican Ohuroh, or aro prominent for learning among tho various non-conformist sectaries, havo practically uuderminod tho popular reverence for the Bible and swept away its authority. Ono of these distinguished: writers haB doBoribed the Biblo aB 'a ropo of sand ;' another asks his readers to believe that ' what we have iu not tho Bible,' and that the true Bible has yet to be discovered. One of the most pretentious of those writers has declared that the Scriptures 'abound in myths and fables.' 'They oontain, in deed,' he says, ' tho gold of revelation, but thiB gold is covered up and lost in tho rub bish, of centuries. The Biblo,' he adds, ' has had the fate of tho city of Jerusalem. Anolent Jerusalem lies buried beneath tho rubbish of more than 18 oeuturies. In recent times this rubbish has in a measure been explored, and by digging to the rook bod the anoiont oity of the holy times has been recovered, Just no the Holy Sorlp lures, aB given by divino inspiration 1o holy prophets, Ho buriod bonoath the rubbish of centuries, Tho . valleys of Biblioal truth havo boen filled up_ with tho debris of humnn dogmas, eooleslaatical institutions, Hturglodl formulas), ecclesiastical auvoinonioa, and oasuibtio prttotio.es, HiatorioiU criticism is digging through this. mass of rubbish.1' JSvoti.tho FrotoBfcnnt Dwin of Canterbury doos not hoslttvto to Hivy that the Bible ia a mixture of truth and oiror, and ho practic ally surrenders tho wholo oaso to tho op pononts of the sacred text whon ho con bonds that tho Ohrintian apologist can no longer be asked to dofond the' book as n; wholo, but Holoot passaged of it only.' Another divino of considerable literary fame gooB so far as to affirm that tho ApoBblo of 'NationB, convert as ho was, did nob understand tho truths that ho whb expound ing, und honce that in his epistles ho is in oonoronb in his teuohlugs regarding tho dootrinoB of divino faith. 'AOhy ov Dkbpaiu Has Gonm Up Fuom ?Rlti VUBV Dllll'TUH Oh1 UU1M ANCIMOAN Communion.' As a rosulb of suoh pretentious theories and statements on bho part of men who are rogardod as loadors of thought in tho Eng lish- speaklng Protoolivnli world, a cry of despair has gone up from tho vory depths of tlio Anglican communion invoking some divino authority to oomo to their aid, to do flno what tonots aro to bo hold, to uuvoil tho scriptural truth in its fair forms to tho anxious minds and troubled hearts, A few months ago iv l'omurkublo urtiolo appeared in one of tho ISnglish inagny.inoH giving the opinions of sovoral prominent thaologiatm roprosonUwg tho drift of boliof in tho vurioun Protestant Churches in England and on the Continent, and the conclusion of them all was formulieed in the words ' the Bible taken by itself can no locger.be regarded as a guide to,true Christianity, and can afford no sufficient proof that such and such doc trines are true. It is a guide and a proof only when some authority outside the book iB able to ear-nuu k what is true arjd essen tial in it', and distinguish this from what is indifferent and Jallacious.' And the writer goes on to say: ' The original Protestant position Bet forth by divines like'Hookei'j who denounced, aB one of the fundamental errors of Rome, the doctrine that 'Soripture was insufficient without tradition,' is by the Protestantism of to-day being itself' de nounced and repudiated; and a docliine which, in some respects at all events, re sembles that of Rome is more or lees ex plicitly boing sot up by them in its place. This in a dooM'ine that an a guide to truth, or as a proof of it, Scripture is altogether insufficient unless it is guaranteed and in torpreted by somo authority external to itself-; and this authority has to answer two sets of questions. Firstly, smco the Bible is a mixture of truth and error, it has to separate for us the inspired papsaprp from tho erroneous ; and secondly, auiee Mio in spired passages imply more than they say, since tho Christian creeds are deduced from, rather than contained iu, thorn, and since equally earnest men have deduced from them very different conclusions, this authority must separate for us what is orthodox in dogma from what is herotical, just as it separates for us in the Bible Urn divino elements from tho human. It is Una tuuho rity, then, which, for the modoi n Protestant, is now confessed to be, au it always has been for tho Catholic, the inlellco'l ual and logical foundation on which Christianity rests,' This perplexity and anguish of those who have forfeited the divino authority that, would iusiiuot ancl guide them, should doubly endear to us the heritage of blessing which it is our privilege to enjoy. Ho who is ' tho Way, the Truth, nnci tho Life,' in vmls Holy (Jhuioh with Hin own authority, and commissions hor to tqnoh us His Iubbouh of divine wisdom, to guaid Ud in tho paths of life, and 1o lead us to our heavenly destiny. Ho decreed, moroover, in the un searchable ways of His moroy that this spiritual euproma authority would bo re splendent with a fourfold diudem of peerless radiance so distinctive of its origin that even they who run tmty read and must confess that tho Ohuroh ia tho Redeemer's work, the masterpiooo of His right hand. TlIU BlA'DBM OK UNI'J'V. What shall I say of the Diudem of Unity whoso beuuteous rajB shed such lustre on tho authority of tho Church whioh it adorns V In the prayer of the Redeemer, recorded in the 17lh ohapter of St. John's Gospel, Ho asks the Futhor not only that tho faithful may be preserved in tho aaored bonds of unity, but further, that suoh unity would be a monifostproof to tho whole worldof His own divine mission, Our Saviour acids that it was not for the immediate disciples alone for whom He prayed, but for those also who through their word would believo in Him ' that they all may be ono, that the world may believe that Thou hast sent Me,' For nineteen oenturies thfs perfeot unity has boen shown forth in tho Oatholio Ohuroh, and in hor alone. From tho rising to tho setting of tho sun 2/50 millions of faithful bouIb rooolve tho anmo dootrinos and profess the Bftino l^nith. It is relying on tho divino authority thus given to hor by our BleBsed Lord that wo nooopb hor lessons of heavenly wisdom, and us it in impossible for a divino authority to vary iu its teaching, ho wo fool assured that tho Faith whioh we receive ia the Hatno which tho ApoHtloB' announced whon tho sound of thoir pru'aohing wont forth into tlio wholo world : tho sumo for which oonntlosB martyrs joyfully laid down their. Hvob; whioh bho grout dootoru proaahed in ovory ago, and whioh gave consolation and peace and victory bo countless Balubii : 'thia is the victory wfiioh ooiujuorolh tho world, your Faith, And, together with tho Unity of .Faith, tho Ohuroh enjoys through the namo divine authority and through the o/Jfloucy of tho Redeotner'a prayor, a perfect unity of saoramontal graces, and of rollglous worship uador tho ovor-wabahful guardiunship of him whoso commission it is to food bholnmba and tho shoop of tho spiritual fold, ''run Oitunoir Cannot Bur Bio Holy.' Tho diadem of Sanctity, radiant with the countless goniB of tho virtues of the Saints, also adorns tho Ohuroh, Tho Ohuroh oan« nob but bo holy,* Tho Bpirit of sanctity over abides with hor, and tho .Rodoomor is Him self pret'.oiit to lior ' all days ovon to the consummation of bho world' to enlighten, and guide, and proteot hor, Tho Ohuroh is deHorihud by tho Aposllo an tho counterpart on earth of tho hoavonly JortiHivlom, and oho in presented to us as tho spouHo of tho Lamb, a virgin over ohaolioi ancl immaculate with out spot or wrinkle, Tho vlrtuea of bho SaintB form tho radiant robo of tho Spouao of Ohrlst, Ah u «tar doth dlffor from star in brightnoHH,' ovon bo ondloHB in its varioby is bho array of virtues that bhuu adorns bho Ohuroh. The uplondour of hor Hanotity iB ' the radiant vesttire and gilded clothing' of which tho royal Psalmist speaks j it shows forth to the wot Id that her origin is divino. And it is given us nob only to ud miro this heritage of tho virtues of tho iSivints in Holy Church ; we, moreover, ie joice in their holiness, for they arc our brothers iu the Faith ; wo rogard their heroism and their triumphs as our own, and we may fondly hope to follow in tho. paths whioh they havo trod and to attain thoir orown. Not to Onj-j Chosen Nation Alonk Doks. THE CilDlUJII. BlONI) HMH StkI'S. Tho Churoh is also endowed with the dia dem ot Oatholioity. It is not to one or othor ohoaen nation that she is destined to bond her steps. Hor mission is direotod to the ohildron of God of every raco and every tongue, that tho fountains of spiritual glad ness may bo open to all, and all may bo en lightened by the rays of divino truth. All aliko aro invitod hero to partake of their Father's blessings, oven as hereafter all are called to bo made liko to Him in the splen dours of His glory. Faithful to hor mis sion, the Ohuroh untiringly sends forth to- tho romotost lands tho noraldB of tho glut! tidings of Redemption. Thoro is no region of the known world, no matter how remote,, in whioh fihe haB not planted tho standard . of tho Gross, nncl thoro is no people, 119 mabtor how rude and uncivilised, to whom sho baa nob preached Christ) crucified, Tho ApoBtolio diadom also adorns tho Ohuroh, for the Apostles are tho foundations' of this now Jerusalem, and ib ia the Church's mission to prosorvo and to prenoub to tho world till tho end of time the typo of: tlio ApoBtloa, to hand on their traditions from generation to generation, to porputuato bhoir dootrino, and in an unbroken lino of saoordotal ministry to link bho faithful of each Kuocoflflivo ago with bho divino outpour ing of blusniugH boo towed upon tho Church / on tho iirab groat Pontdooslal FeiiHb, Thus equipped with divino authority and adornod with manifold diadoma, tho Church, as tho SpouHo of Christ, has roooivod yob another gii't of priceless hodbogo for her' ohildron. Tho Rodoomor has set upon her lips bho seal of infallible and unerring leach ing, so that hor words aro words of life, and her doobrino is tho toaohing of bho Saviour Himsolf. Tho prophob's words aro fulfilled : 'This 1b my covenant ! My Bpirit that is in- thoo, and My words bliat I havo put in b\iy mouth shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of tho mouth of thy seed, nor out of bho mouth of thy 'Boed's. sood from honoo' forth and for over, Thou shalt bo a orowu ot glory in tho land of tho Lord, and a royal diadem in tho hand of thy God, I will make thoo an eternal exoollunoo. a joy unlO' many generations j salvabion snail occupy thy walla,1 and praiao thy gates 1 thy sun Bhttll no more go dowu and thy moon shall not bo dimintHhod, No weapon that ia formed against thoo shall prosper j and ovory ?tongue that resiBteth thee in judgment thou ishalt oondomn.' in. I come now to those gifts which may be styled the u monilia Ohristi,' that is to say| the dower with which the Redeemer en riohed the Church, and the bridal orna ments with which He wished her to be adorned on the day of her espousals. But ?so vast is this array that wo can gather only a. few (lowers from the Garden of Eden. Countless as are the sfc'irs in the firmament, ? oven so, iiiriumer.able beyond all that the mind can grasp, are the blessings and gifts andgraces which in overflowing' abundnnco Christ has conferred upon X-Iis chosen spouse. First of all, there is the fruitfi.il nessof rniesionary '//ml. The Rudeeinnr was Himsolf the light and lifo of the world, and He came to impart His divine light and lifo to man soutod in darkness and in the shadow of death. He was the truth, and from His own divino words we learn that for this He oamo into the world to give tuR fctmony to the tiuth. The knowledge and the lovo of God Imd grown cold among men, and again the Redeemer declared, 'I have come to cast (ire upon the earth and what do I desire but fchafc it bo kindlod ?' Now what is the missionary fruitfulness which Hij gave an a prooious heritage to His ?Church, but thao imparting of a divine lifn, and the spreading of the light of honvonly truth, and the kindling of the sacred (ire of love in tlio hearts of man, manifest works of divino mercy and love which Holy Church should perpetuate till the ond of time. The Prophet's words shall be indeed fulfilled. : ?'?Thy gates shall bo open continually ; th^y shall not bo shut day nor night, that the strength of the GonMlos may bo' brought to thoo.' (Is, Ix.) Looking back on the course of centuries wo see that in every ago this missionary fruitfulnoss ha» been a characteristic of Holy Church. From the ?rising to the sotting sun tho heralds of the gospel are bringing tho glad tidings of re demption to those that wero in ignorance of divine truth, and from countless lands is on toned tho joyous anthem, ' How beautiful on the mountain summits are tho footprints ?of tho messengers of glad tidings, tho mes sengers of pouoo,' Oilier communions from time to time havo endeavoured, but in vain, to emulate tho glorious achievements of the missionaries of tho Catholic Church, Tor tullian in his day illustrated by a trite ?example suoh efforts of those who were out side the one fcruo fold. 'Tho wasps,' ho says, ' can emulate in their hives tho most deli cate work of the bees ; one thing alone shall ?bo found wanting, that is, tho honey.' So it is that the various heretioal oommunions having immense resources at their command, may send forth armies of emissaries and agents, and in a thousand ways may en deavour1 with Buooess to impart all tho material advantages of civilisation. But the honey is ever found to bo wanting. The ?virtues of tho Christian lifo can only blossom and produoe fchoir fruit whoro tho .light and the graces of tho Kingdom of God abound. Tub Church's PbiviijEub to BN'Duniii 8UF]WKING AND .PlOHSHOUTION. Another saored heritage bequeathed by our Saviour to His Ohuroh is her privilege to endure Buffering and persecution for His name at tho hands of tho wioked. , Ho thus admonished the Apostles ! ' If fche world 'hate you, know yo that it hath hated Mo 'before you. If you had boon of fche world, 1 the world would lovo its own 5 bub booauso you aro not of tho world, but I have ohoaen you out of tho world, thereforfch the world hatefch you. ' Romomber My word that I said to you, 'Tho servant is not greater than his muster.' If they havo persecuted' Me, they will also porsooute you 5 if they have kopfc My word, they will koop yours ?alBO. But all thoso things fchoy will do to you for My name's sake, booauao thoy know nob Him, that Bonb Mo. These things I have spolcou to you fclmfc you bo nob scandalised, Thoy will pub you oub of bho synagogues j yoa, tho hour oomofch, that whosoever lclllofch you, will think that ho doth a ser vioo to God' (John xvly xvll.). Tho Re doemor had chosen for Himsolf tho path of BwtToring and humiliation, Tho Ohuroh would bo privileged to wear His royal robo, Ho was subjected to calumny, habrod, and peraoQufclon, and untold Bufferings at bho hands of wlokod mon, Tho samo would ?oontlnuo to bo a dlsblnofclvo feature of tho Ohurqh's oaroer on earth. Tho olvll ebafco would bind hoi1 hands in fobtors, Sho would bo flblgmabisod as tho onomy of Cioar, hostilo to his iutoroHta, opposed to fcho pro groHH and fcho enlightenment of tho day, On every fllda sbrlfoH find humiliations would awnib her. Yob1 sho' would outlive all this, Like- tho mlllowhlfco hind, sho wan ?dofiblnad nob to rlio, Tho conspiracies and plottlngs and foul devious of wiolcod mon tiro foi'god agalnsb hoi1 in vain, Thoro could bp no bebtor proof thab hot- vitality in divino, If blio horltago of sud'orlng wnn marked ?oub for tho Ohuruh, yoh wan bho hnrHago of victory bo remain with hoi? to tiho ond of fclmo, Tho ApoHtlo comforted tho faithful ??wll.li tho jiHhurnnuo of mtoh bt'iumpha 1 'Thin h tho victory that* otinquot'othjiho world, youi' faith,' 411 hunuvri power nilghb bu rtmvyud against hois For bhroo oonburtos tho strength ami utiordos of imporlal Xbanic, combined with nil tho hm-. tlllby that wealth or passion 011 prltlo ot uld doviHu, svoro nmrslinUofl ngaltisb liar. Tho. alvil power availed of ovory rosouroo of ?oruolby fco ovoroomo heir ooiiHbanoy 1 nho was amlled by a aorkm of pcmiooufcloiiu unparal. lulod In tho records of fcho world, Novor. bholoaa, Hho triumphed. Tho capital of .hoabhonlmn became tho very ouubro of hor v authority, the seat of the Chief Pastor of Christendom. Exile and death might await the Apostles and their successors, yet reli gion was crowned with victory. No force could subdue it, and its influence, like that of a triumphant army, pervaded the whole world, Hkb Heritage of Victory Over All the Heresies That Assailed Her. With the Church's triumph over the per secutions waged by the powers of this world, we may link her heritage of victory ovur all the heresies thab assail her. And it is a singular feature of those efforts of error, that the moro violent are the assaults, tho greater is the brilliancy with which tho gem of divino truth shines forth in the diadem of Holy Church. In tho defence of the pacrod deposit of tho faith, the Church may truly be said fco have been always on the batbleiiold. Some heresies would openly assail the tenets of revealed truth. Others by sophistry and Bocret assaults would seek to undermine tho Church's teaching. Agnostics and rational ists would persuade fcho world that the Kingdom of God on earth was out of date, and that the Church's mission had come to an end. Every resource which human passion could devise would be availed of to heap ridicule upon her teaching, and to stir up odium against her. As oarlyas tho days of Augustino, 200 sects woro reckoned that had sought to rob the Church of divine truth, or to engraft upon hor teaching the fanciful tenets of thoir own pride and selfish ness. Since those days, not a contury has passed, bub n«-v heresies have arisen, using nvory art and sbratagom to corrupt tho Church's doctrine. In the face of all these fciBH, 1 istory presents her fco us as relying on bho heavenly mission confided to hor and invincible in the maintenance of truth through tho otrengfch of thoir divino founder. To each heretical communion that has arison, she has addressed tho same words with whioh 17 centuries ago the Christian Apologist rebukod the horebios of his time. Who aro you, whenae havo you eomo, let us see your titlo-doeds, who is it thab has begotten you ? You have come too late ; there is only the one Church that can lay claim to the inheritance of divine truth given by Christ to the Apostles, and consigned by fchom to hor. The date of your origin is marked in the records of fche Church's history. To tho iniquity of the powers of this world, or to the pride and corruption of ovil designing men, you owe your birth. Like the other heresies that havo gone be foro you, you aro but a fruitless and withered branch, and like them it shall be your lot also to bopped off from the living vino whioh is the one true Church. What shall I say of fcho singular heritage of blessings which the ohildren of the Church enjoy in the Communion of SaintB. The countless choirs of Svints in heaven, on earth, and in purgatory, aro united with us in fcho brotherhood of the Faith ; they re joioo with us, thoy plead our oauao, they pmy for us. When tho aoer of old saw tho Jewish tribes encamped on the valleys of Moab, he oried out in admiration and wonder : ' How boautiful are thy taber nacles, 0 Janob, and thy tents, 0 Israel t As wooded valleys, aB watered gardens near the rivers, as tabornaoles whioh the Lord hath sot, as cedars by the waterside.' (Numb. XXIV.) Whab would ho havo said, had it been given him to contain plate tho army of God whioh tho Communion of tho Saints presents, tho Blessed Virgin, tho Queen of tho heavenly hosts, clothed with the sun as her mantle, and radiant with her orown of 12 stars, tlio. Apostles tho loaders of tho nations whom thoy evangelised, tho array of martyrs exulting in their triumph, fcho ooimblosa choirs of Saints who ontono thoir canticles of eternal rojoioing, and asso ciated with thorn tho myriad faithful souls on oarth who, in tho forvour of thoir pioby and tho ardour of fchoir lovo, offer day by day, fco tho Most High tho most pleasing holooaust of virtuous lives, Thus it is that through this singular horitago of Holy Ohuroh all that hi holloab In bho proBonb, and all that was boat and brightest and most glorious in tho paab, tho virtues of tho oldster, tho austerities of tho dosorb, bho poaou and perfection of domestic life j all this' forms parb of tho equipment of our merit and of tho rich storo of blessings pro pared for us in tho Communion of Saints. And hero may I not rofor to tho horitago of bonofloenoe bandod on from ago fco ago and from generation to generation by faithful aouls ? Tho history of tho Redeemer's public ministry is oompondlated in bho worda s 'Ho wont about doing good,' At ovory pago of tho Gospels wo moot with this distinctive foaturo of His mission j wo aoo Him ministering to bho wantH of thoao around Him, pouring balm on tho featuring wounds, ivtluvliililng on every stile bho burdon of human sorrow. HIb blessed words ovor 1'0'oaho along fclio ooiu'tio of aonturitm 1 'Coma to Mo all yo who labour and aro heavy burrionud 1 I will glvo you rest,' Through 'tho Church Ho porpobuatua that) nmi'VollouH mhtlHbry of moroy, Ju ovory nation o£ Uhrlnboridom bho poor aro ovanao' lined j no o/Forli )h spared to allovlato bho uufToi'lnga that', abound 1 nilnhitot'tng angoln of mercy llfb up bho fallon, bring oomforb to fcho norrowiugi and consolation to thoso thab aro in allllabtoii j and, poor wayfarers that wouro, they ohuor uh on with tho bright hopon (if religion 11 in id tho uvor-t'uctu't'lng nilsiu'luH of nut1 ptlgtiniugo, Turn Uniihokiw Simkowhsion ok Qnuw , Pahtohh, Thoro lu 0110 prerogative of bho Catholic Ohuroh that must nob bo pasood ovor, Imoau bho unbroken uuoootmton of Ohlof Pastora through whiah tho Ohiiroh of each suoqoh sive age is inseparably linked with tlie pub lic ministry of our Blessed Lord. fcib. AuguBtine, writing in tho beginning of the fifth century declared that this feature of the Ohuroh of itBelf sufficed to reveal the divine power by which she was sustained : 'I am kept in the Church,' he said, 'by fcho successions of Pastors who have come in an unbrokon lino from thfi very Hee of Peter to the present hour.' If such an argument was resistless in its force in tho fifth century, what shall wo aay of it at tho present day, when Providence for nineteen centuries has extended to it a watchful care V In that un broken line of Pastors we find the names of 30 Popes who, as martyrs, sealed with thoir blood their testimony to the Faith, and we find more than 3(1 others who, by the hero ism of their virtueft, won the bright auroola of the Saints. Well has an eloquent Eng lish historian exolaimed: 'Tho proudest royal houses are but of yesterday compare d with tho line of Supreme Pontiffs. That line wo trace baok in an unbroken series from the Pope who crowned Napoleon in the nineteenth ooutury to the Popo who orowned Pepin in the eighth, and far beyond tho time of Pepin the august dynasty extends, till it is lost in bho twilight of fable. The Repub lio of Venice oame nexb in antiquity. Bufc tho Republic of Venice was modern when compared to tho Papacy ; and tho Republio of Venice is gone, and the Papacy romains. The Papacy .romainR not in deoay, not a mere antique, but full of life and youthful vigour. Tho Oatholio Ohuroh is still send ing forth to tho furthest ends of tho world missionaries as zealous as those who landed in Kent with Augustine, and still confront ing hostile Kings with the samo spirit with which sho confronted Attila. Tho number of her ohildren is greater than In any former ago. Nor do we see any sign which in dicates that tho term of hor long dominion 1b approaohing. Sho saw tho oommonoe menti of all the governments and of all tho ecclesiastical establishments that now exist in tho world ; and we feel no assurance that sho is not destined to see the end of fchom all. Sue was great and reBpoofcod before the Saxon set foot on Britain, before the Frank had pasyod the Rhino, when Grecian olo quonoe still flourished in Antiooh, when idols were Btill worshipped In tho temple of Mecoa. And she may still exist In un diminished vigour when some traveller from New Zealand shall, in tho midst of a vast Holitudo, tako his stand on a broken aroh of London Bridge and skotoh tho ruins of St. Paul's.' Tho unbroken succession of Ohiof Pastors onabloB ub to roaliso, at least In an imporfeot way, tho over-enduring lifo whioh quickens tho Oatholio Ohuroh, in all that la divine, like hor hoavenly founder ' fcho same yester day and to-day, and for ovormoro.' Thua It la that tho Ohuroh booomea a living authontio witness as fco fcho miaaloa and fcho teaching of our Blessed Lord, To those who would question hor, sho may truly say, I was -pvo- uonb at Thabor and saw bho Rodoomor re splendent with glory, and heard tho Father's tosblmony, this is My beloved Son In whom I i\ni woll ploaacd, hoar yo Him ! I was pro Honb on tho shoroo of Galilee, when at Ills command the bempeafc waa huahod and bho waveB booiimo ubllt 1 I hoard tho worda of promise addrosBorl to bho ohlof of dlio AposfcloM, 'On this rook I will build, My Ohuroh, and tho gaton of holl shall' nob pro vail agftlnab lb'i and I wna pronont when tho promlBo rooolvod )ta fviinlmonfc In fcho solemn oommlnslon, ' Food My lambH, food My shoop': I was proHonb, whon ab tho divino 'summons the dead Liwiu'uh oaino forth from tho tomb, and tho ctorculobhn foil from his limbs, whioh ,woro qulolcenod into lifo 1 I' wan prosont whon bho Savlouv porfootod tho holoaauub of Rodumpblon', and when Ho (trotio from tho soptiloluo radiant with tho brlghbnoHH of otornal «lory ) and again,* whon prosttubo In wplrlb with adoring love, I rooolvod tho ovor«abldlt)g uonimts- tilon, 'Go forth and touch all nablona, and behold I am -vlbh you all days ovon fco bho consummation of fclie world,' Thus 1b Is bho Ohuroh's privilege through her unahang. lug and over- enduring life bo bo an abiding wlbnoes of bho ministry of movoy of our Blessod Lordi TJI.B CaTIIOLIO CllUKCJI JUSTIKIKS Hl3H Title to Bio tuk Ciiuruh of All Agios. Through fche same ever-enduring life tho Oatholio Church justifies her title to be the Church of all ngos, of all lands and all people ; sho is ever found adapted to the re quirements of tho ago, and she assimilates 10 herself nil that is good and true in human discovery and human genius, and bIio puri fies and perfects whatever can be found best and noblest, and most beneficent in fche world around her. Aria and architecture, philosophy and soience, poetry and elo quence, history and literature, all are hers. Even the vaunted progress of whioh some modern nations are so proud, she justly claims as her own, Whatever bhoro is of genuine progresw in the world is guided and controlled arid sustained by her, I moan tho true progress which lifts man to a higher aud wider sphere of enlightenment and jus tice,, of happiness and poaoo. Statesmen and nations may imagine in their pride that suoh progress is their own handicraft, but it is God who for Holy Church acoompliahes through thorn His wise designs. In tho words of an eloquent Fronoh writer, ' God respeots tho liberty of mon, but He Invin cibly aohioves His work by bhoir froe hands, almost always without their knowledge, and oftentimes in their dospite,' And now, my dearly beloved in Christ, this beautiful saorod edifice, whioh through yourpietyhasbeonoonseoratedfcoGod to-day, is a meet type and figure of Holy Ohuroh, and for agos to oomo will be an abiding memo rial to your children's children of tho heri tage of blessings whioh we enjoy in tlio bosom of tho Oatholio Church. Your paro chial ohuroh has been styled an arohlteo tural gem of our Australian oonfcinonb, and I havo no doubt that it has many olalme to suoh a proud and distinctive designation. Your late pastor, who too soon for the lovo of his people was summoned to hia reward, / not only laid solid the foundations of tho saored edifice, but ho saw the ohuroh itself arise In lbs fair proportions and. ho lived to witness it almost oompletod in unrivalled sbafceliness, In your pious desire that bho material building would bo 'worthy of tho name lb bears, worthy of tho divine worship whioh will be offored within It, and worbhy, of your own traditional gonoroslty and heroic falbh, you corresponded to hiB zeal with a devotndnefis that morlbs every praise and oaunob be too highly extolled. Another ssealous pastor has oomo to rejoice with you in your religious toll and to orown tho work so courageously begun, so nobly carried on. Nona other would your departed Pastor havo so wiahod to be thus privileged to boar rejoicing tho golden ahoavos of bho harvosb whioh ho him self had so carefully, ho lovingly, proparod. Your oo- oporafclon bo-day In the oomploblon of tlio work will at thosamo time enhance fcho happlnoBH of him who now rejoices be fore God's throne, and will orown tho joy of tho Pastor, whoso privllogo 1b is In your riftmo fco dodloato to the divino worship this beautiful House, of God, May a poorlofls otornal reward await ono day the piety, tho gonoroolby, and fchci falbh, wliiah alono aould havo devised and aahiovod bills grand triumph of religion, Who wrote fcho ' Marseillaise ?' Aaaord* itiLt fco a certain Christmas number, whioh follows the tradition, Rougofc do l'Islo cotnpoHod both fcho words and musio in a olnglo nlghfc. Bub did he? In that very popular book, ' Tho IQugllshnian In Paris,' what ia believed bo bo the truo story of tho hymn Ib told, ' It appears, aflor all,' nayn tho author, ' fchab Rougob do IMhIo had nob , tho honesty fco acknowledge h 1 m Indebtedness to bhoso M'ho made his name Immortal, and thab hhisbarofii the ' Mnreollljilso' amouotM to tho (lrst six Hbrophos, Ho did nob write a Mingle no to of the musio,' Tho author goos on fco nny that tho mtislo war) composed by Aloxundor Bouohor, a celebrated vio linist, in bho year 1700, In the drawing room of Madamo do Mortaigno, at) the roqupH1) of a aolonol whom ho had novor mob boforu and whom ho novor saw again. 