' .,rYAv MURIEL'S ATONEMENT, by CLARA MULHOLLAND, , Author of "A Striking Contrast, ' "Kathleen Mavournoen," &o.;, &o.; ... - j . . icoxrzsrs m TJJIS ISSUB. . .. . oorraionT. ' > \- HAD been feeljng far from well for some timo. A sharp attack of influenza, followed - by i .sail sharper touch of pueumouia, had weakened and doproesed mo. ' Change of air and booiio, with plonty of variety nnd amuse ment, was absolutely noceHBury for me, the doctor doolared. If I did not get this soon he feared the oonsoquenoes. I smiled Badly, and ioonuu nv xny mouier. "Wo are not riob, dootor. My father could not afford to toko us all away, and to go any where alone would bo too dreary." "Most oortoinly, and not' to be thought of for a moment." "Thon I must stay at homo, take ray tonic, and hopo for the beat." And I heaved a deep sigh, littlo dreaming of tho delightful .invitation that was even then on its way to mo. My motfaora only siBter had married a' wealthy man without business or profession. Thoy had' no children, and as they were both fond of travel and excitement, had no Bottled home. Thoy wandered here, , there, and everywhere. And ofton for a year or more, we had no idea whether thoy wore in Europe, India, or America. Eight months had now elapsed, since my aunt had last written, and it was therefore with extreme pleasure that I (tho Very day after feo doator's Visit) received a letter from . her, announcing her arrival in Loiidon. Slio bnd Undo Tom Woro tired of roaming about, sue saia,'iina naa ranae up rneir miiKin to Bray in England for tho next two or throe years at least, and bad rented, a furnished. house in Yorkshire, wliore they intended to reside us muoh as possible. "We are anxious, for onco, to spend a happy English Christmns,." sho wrote, " and have invited a number of frionds to como to us both before, for, and aftor that timo. We nro to bare constant relays at visitors, all through the winter. Our first arrive on Docembor 8, so you must, meet ua ou the Bcvonth, and travol with us up to Clebve Hall. I will expect you. to stay all the tinio, as I must havo someone young and pretty to help me to entertain my gucats and make things plonsant. So bo sure you como without fail, dearest Celia. Toll your parents, with my love, that they must do'without you for one Chrislmus. ' Your loving "Aunt Cauey." " P.S.-— Bo sure you bring plenty of smart frocks, ns ivo shall be mora tluin gay. I enclose olmque to cover all oxponsos." This was delightful. The very thing j wnntcd, nnd most joyfully, 1 set to work to prepare for my visit. Tills,' thanks to my aunt's generosity, I was ' able 'to do in a magnificent manner, and on the day mentioned by her, I left iho rectory with a trousHoau tno liko of whioti I had novor dreamed it poaHible to possess, and with which I was perfectly enchanted. The Journey into Yorkshire was' accom plished with case and comfort ; end my aunt, uncle, and I arrived at Clcovo Hull in excellent. Wo looked out eagerly ns we npproeohed. our new shnde, end us we drove through the old wrought iron gates, up a long avonuo, we. were tilled with admiration. Oleevo Hall stood in the midst of a fine park, and was surrounded upon all sides by nohlo ouks, tall limes, and stately waving firs. It wait nn irriigulnriy Built, but pioturesquo, m'snsion of red brink; with lurgo buy windows and wide halconios. Tho lawns woro well laid out and planted with suoh n variety of ' beautiful overgreons that even in tho dusk of u December afternoon tho pluce did not look as desolate and dreary ns one would havo expected. Inside, tho liouso was luxurious, nnd was furnished throughout with Buvh excellent taste that my aunt und unole were delighted. That evening we dined nlono, and as I was weary nnd tired after my journey nnd unusual oxoitcmeut I bade " Good night " curly and retired to hod: .. . My room was a curious one, and my feelings upon or, taring it woro not altogether ngrecahlo. The bed, which Btood in nn' alriovo, wus draped ' with blue silk curtains ; tho walls wore hung with tapostry of quaint desigu ; a large bow window, very high from tho ground, with a perfect staircase of Btops lending up to it, occupied ell one end ; whilst u handsome wardrobe of inlaid satin- wood filled up the other. Several candles burned brightly upon the dressing-table, but their light wuh not sufficient to illuminate tho distant corners, and I grew, somewhat nervous us I peered into their unfathomable depths. " G randeur is not always pleasant, " I said with a shiver. " I. wus more comfort able and liuppy in my own littlo poorly furnished room at home than in this fine oliambor." Thon, laughing at myself for being so silly,' I hurriedly miide my preparations for fee night, blew out tho oaudles, and - crept iuto bed. .... For somo timo I lay watohing tho firelight upon the walls and roiling, and then a drowsy numoncBS siqig ovor mo, una a leu nsioop. But ell at onco n noi80 like the tapping or fluttering of a bird against tho windows startled me, nnd I set up agitated and op- S reused. Tho room was how in complete arkiiocs. Tho fire, had died down in tho grate ; tho window ourtains wore ' olosely drawn.- Theu suddenly, but of .the gloom, sur rounded by a halo of brilliant light, the figure ot a young girl, olaii in a simple white dress, a blue ribbon round her waist, came gliding softly across' tho floor, and stood at the foot of tny bed, gazing at me with sad, aweot appealing eyes, I tried to speak to hor, but- my - tongue clove to the roof of my mouth, and no sound enmo forth, as I marvelled who she oould bo; nnd how sho had eutored the room. The door was shut, tho window fast bolted. But ns I wondered, hor lips parted, and in a low ' but distinot voioo she whispered, ' - ' " To-morrow you will meet ono who has Buffered much.. You will know him by his )<alo, proud fuoo, and melancholy eyes. I destroyed -his hnppinoss — you must restore it." Be kind — be kind." I gazed at hor, trembling, and tried to speak ; but ere I oould reply her form faded, became shadowy, indintiuot, then vanished, leaving tho room in darkness as before. I felt sick and faint. A cold perspiration . stood upou my brow, and I lay with dilated oyeB staring into the gloomy oorners, afraid to move, afraid almost io breathe — wondorinc who this strange visitant oould bo, and how she had managed to enter my room. Then gradually my terror subsidod. It was one of the servants playing a triok, or walking in her sleep, I told myself. She must havo entered by the door whilst I slept. To-morrow I would complain to the house keeper—and hotter still loolt feo door— and then I need havo no fear. Agitated und oxoited I tossed from sido to sido upon my pillow, tlio strange worde I had just hoard ringing in my cars. "It is absurd — I will think of thcm.no longor," Ioried. "And I shall take good oaro nevor to licur.tbom again. A girl in the habit of sleep-walking should bo watched, and not allowed to wander at will through a house at- night. I wished I dared got up and follow ltur. 'Blit," shivering, "I dure not. I " And thou, nt last, utterly woru out, I foil nsluop onco more. Whca'I next awoke,, tho morning sun was diiuing brightly in at tbo window. The curtains had been drawn aside; my bafe filled ; ray walking dress . laid nrmly upon a ' ohalr. My aunt's maid had evidently been in, . but had gono away without disturbing mo. Surprised, that I should havo slept so soundly and so long, I sprang up and, dressing hurriedly, rnn down to tnn dining- room, where I found my Aunt and nnolo be ginning breakfast. Aunt Carry and I spent a pleasant morning wandering over thn old hmia«, nnd mnny and ouriouB wore the things it contained.' "This, now, is a charming room, " cried my aunt, lending the way into a small inner drawing-room. "This I shall keep as my own particular sanctum." It was a delightful Iilflo boudoir, panelled in white wood, n wide oriel window, and n finoly-carvod ' chimnoy-pipoo oovorod with exquisite old ohina. Qrer the fireplace, framed into the wall, was it very benutifullj painted portrait, and I started and treniblod as I met the sad sweet ores of the girl who hud. appoarod to strangely at tho foot of my bed the night bofore." "Why, child," said Aunt Corry, "one would think you had seen a ghoet. That pretty portrait sooms to alarm nnd fascinate you. Xou look qujtte palo." "WhuiasheF I gasped! "Does.sho live bore"' "Certainly not, and who she is I cannot tall you. Some daughter of the house. But we took tho place through an agent and know nothing of tho family. She looks ohnrming, 'I think." " Yes — very." " And this embroidoiy, Celia — isn't it ex quisite t And this pieoe of Sevres f Oh I I must fetoh, Tom to look at this." And as my aunt went away to find fier husband, I sank upon a ebair, my eyes riveted upon the pio- turo. TJien hearing ray - aunt and unole re turning I escaped upstairs. On tho first- landing I met Aunt Carry's maid. - 'I hare taken your thiogs into a smaller and pleosontar room, Hiss Celia," she said. "Your aunt thought the one you slept in last niglit too big and gloomy ." "Oh, thank you," I oriod. And with a sigh of relief I followed her into a charming daintily furnishod littlo ' room, looking out upon tho flower garden. " I shall say nothing of what I saw or dreamt last night, . I decided, looking round mo with pleasure. " I shall be happy hero and sleep peacefully. Thoy might laugh nnd jeer — perhaps tell tnc -guests as they urrire — und that 1 could not stand. I shall forgot tho whole thing as fast ns i can. ' At tea timo tluit afternoon a merry party gathered together in tho old oak panelled hall, and I was duly presented to the nowly arrived visitors. Whon I had recovered from my first shy- ' ncss, I looked engorly, anxiously round the room. Tho company included persons of vurioun ages. There " we're elderly matrons tnd thoir husbands, young girls, and several nmnrricd men. Bat not ono corresponded with the description given to mo by my ghostly visitant. There were dark men and fair — many juviat light-hearted fol lows — und ono or two with an air of blase .discontent. But nowhere did I see tho "pale proud faco with molanchply oyes." Upon convincing myself of this, I heaved n sigh of roliof, and laughing at my folly in thinking seriously of what must havo been a dream, 1 joined in the lively ohstter that was going on around me. . i. That evening I put on a pretty white silk, with a bunch of scurlot berries at my breast, and Van down to the drawing-room before" dinner, feeling woll pleased with myself. I was looking quite my best, nnd refleated with n satisfied smile that at all ovonts my annt would have no reason to bo ashiifned of her niece. My dear Celin, you really look charm ing," was Aunt Cnrry's greeting as I entered. " Mr. Goring must tuko you in to dinner, and sco that you are extremely nico to him." "Mr. Goring, auntie f Who is hoP" 1' cried in astonishment. No one of'thnt name hud, us fur us I know, tirrivod thnt afternoon, and I could not think whom sho meaut. But at this mnaiont my mint had to uttonrt to bor duties us hostess, nnd drojiplng into the buck, ground, I stood watching our guosts as thoy 1 mime pouring in, ono aftor tho other. But no one appeared whom I had net seen at tea- timo, and I decided that auntiu had inude a mistake in tho name, and mount ono of tho gentlemen whom I bad already mot. Quite satisfied with this explanation of hor words, I wus talking to a lively young American lately arrived from Now York, wlion I hoard my unole say ; " We are all ussambled, Carry. I trust tlicy . will not keep us waiting for dinnor." " No, no ; it is not timo, dear. And Mr. Goring has not come down yet ; he arrived lata." Another guest I My hands trembled, and I let my fan slip from my fingers, Mr. Barnes atooped to piok it up, "aud 1 looked quickly towards tho door, whiob at thnt instant opened to admit a tall, spare, and oxtromoly refined-looking man. He hurried across to my aunt, with outstretched bond. " I nm so sorry, und apologise profusely," ho said in a clear, sweet roico. " But my train was late, and I did not arrive till after tho dressing-bell had rung. I trust you have not waited for me P" , ."Not at nil, You are in ' excellent time, Mr. Goring," said my aunt, smiling upon him, und from lier innnner I saw at once that this man was a favourite. " Cutis, my dear, - mny I introduce you to .Mr. GoringP" she continued, drawing me forward. " Mr. Goring — my iiieoo, Miss Lindo." He bowed, and as I looked up and put my hand in his, my heart stood still, and 1 trembled and grow cold as death. In tho pale, proud face and handsome, melancholy eyes of Mr. Gerald Goring I felt sure I saw the man whom the apparition .prediotad I should meet, and to whom she Jiud beggedmo to.be kind. During dinner Mr. Goring did not provo a lively companion, and it was with a feeling of intense relief that I rose up aud followed the other hi dins from (he room. That night I slept littlo. I was exoited and ill at ease. When I put out tho lighte and got into bed I lay open-eyed and breathless, hoping, fearing, dreading that tho upparitioii would again show itself at the foot of my bed. But it came uot. " Perhaps the room makes a differonoe," I said at lost. " I hope so." And Dfell asloep. ' Next day I scarcely saw Mr. Goring, as he started' early for the moors, and it waa too dull and dsmpffor the Indies to join the shoot ing party ut Ittnchoon. In tho ovoning bo did riot Mt near me at dinnor, und as I watched him surreptitiously from tho far end of the table, I noticed that he spoke but eeldom, and was absorbed and preoocupied. : ".The man has a sad story," I reflected. " I woudor what it isP Slio said she lptd de stroyed his happiness, nnd that I— — " . , ""You aro looking at Goring, I boo," re marked my neighbour, Mr. Barnes. "Isn't he a melauokaly follow P I wonder what's tho matter ?" I started and blushed deeply. T was' annoyed to be caught watching one of my aunt's guests, and fee man's words irritated roe. " I guess ho's not what one would call a lady's mull," he continued. "He wus quite lively on' the moors, but tho momont he approached fee house a oloud seemed to fall upon him." 1 "At the thoughts of facing the ladles P" "Perhupa. At all eveqta hi feo house ho is silent, depressed; out of doors he is quite goou company, xiavc you auuwn mm jungr "Only since last night. My-.unclo nnd aunt roude his acquaintance at Monto Curio two years ago. They say he was quite different thoro." " Then it must bo the air of this old house feut disagrees with him. Perhaps ho has seen n ghost." " A gliost 1" . I sank back with a little cry, as bofore mo seemed to rise tho shadowy phantom iu the white, elitighig dress; and the sud wail of her voioe rang onoe more in my ears. " I destroyed his huppiness. You mutt re store it. Be kind— bo kind." " You are ill, Miss Lindo. _ Tuko a littlo wine. The room is too hot," cried Mr. Barnes, in muoh distress. "No, 110; pleaBe don't .notice ins, or attraot my uunt'H attention. It is rather hot; : . bnt it is not thnt. I " "I had no idea you1 were so nervous. It was foolish of me to talk about ghosts, aud, of course, it's all uousouse." " Ob,- of ootirscV' I oriod, recovering my solf-poBsoseion. " It wns not — but see, my aunt is going," and I sprang gladly to my foot. T'lio next day was one of brilliant sunshino nnd hard frost ; so woro the three succeeding days, nnd then tbo ice being dcolared strong enough to bear, tho yonngor members of tho party- set off togotlior to onjoy a fow hours' skating upon a lake, in n beautiful demesno some miles away. As I seated myself to put on r.iy skates; Mr. Goring suddenly appeared nt my side. " Allow tnoj Miss Lindo," ho said, smiling. Surprised koyond measure, I gave him my ikates, and I conld scarcely believe my : eves when ho went down upon one knee before liie, and deftly fastened the straps. And when lie . stood up again and naked me to take oi. turn with. him round tho. lake, I was still ; more astonished, .and., vory thankful that, having -pent two winters in St. Moritz, I was by no mentis a poor perforator. . Mr. Goring wus an excellont skater, and 113 wo skimmed lightly over the ice, ha unbent as lie hud never dono bofore. He wasadeliglit- ful companion, and as I glanocd at the clean- out, handsome, features, the pale, clear, skin, the short aristooratic lip, and animated in telligent face, I marvelled more and more at the gloom nnd depression from which ha usually suffered. After this, tho days flew by in quiok suc cession. Tbo fine frosty wouther continued, and we spent most of our timo on the ico. Visitors oame and wont at Oleove Hall, but Gerald Goring atlll lingered ou amongst us. He talked frequently of going, but wuh always persuaded to prolong his visit by my aunt and unole, who appeared to havo con ceived a strong affection for him. And I P When lie was near I was blissfully happy ; when he wundored from my side and talked or walked wife anyone else, I felt envious and dissatisfied. When ho spoke of leaving us my soul wus filled wife anguish. His smile wns more to mo than anything in the world, its very rareness making it tho more' valuable. So fee days woro ou, and on Christmas Eva some of my frionds ana I went off togethor to decorate tho village church. "Many bands make light work," and in a short timo our wreaths wore bung, our plants and flowers arranged to our satisfaction, and wo wandered out of tho ohuroh amongst feo old moss-grown graves. Presently I dropped behind, and, careless of whore I But, sunk down upon feo grass iwniuo u pretty wiiuo maroio monument, .ana almost unconsciously I read the short inscrip tion l . . Gucred to the Memory of Muriel, Aged Nineteen. "Poor thing; how young i" I sighed. " But perhaps, after till, sho was saved, from a world of pain." A haiid was laid upon my shoulder, and, looking up, I saw Gerald Goring, white and agitated, standing before. mo. . "Come away," ho oricd. "Oh, como away !" I rose lit onco and followcd-him out of tho cliurchynrd, and in silence wo strolled away across the lonoly moorland. "Miss Lindo,'.' ho said aftor a timo, "how- was it you came to sit near feat grave?" " I cannot toll ; olianoo, I suppoBO. I felt tired, and sat down without looking whoro." "A dangerous thing, a most dangerous tiling to sit out of doors at this time of year. But do j'ou — have you ever honrd that girl's history P" ' No ; I never saw or heard her name till now." "Ten years ngo," ho said, with emotion, "sho and I were .engaged to be married." I started round, und looked with eyes full of pity into his pale, handsome face, but I urado no remark. . " I loved Muriel passionately, devotedly, " he continued. "She was very lovely, a dainty little thing, wife oyes of the purest iiluo, und hair liko spun gold, growing all over her pretty head in a myriad of tiny curls. But she wue self- willod, nnd could uot bear to be crossed in tho sinnllcst thing. Her parents were wealthy, and had all hor lifo humoured tier smallest whim. Eight months of the year thoy lived nt beautiful Cleovo Hnll ; tho reinaiiiiiig time ".In Clcovo Hall P Of), Mr. Goring, was dio ono of the Leiglis ?" Ho bowed his head. . " Mr. Leigh's only child. She waa killed by a fall from hor horse boforo my very oyes." " How terriblo !" ' ' Torrible, indeed ! And all tho uiore so wheu one remembers that her death was unused by her own folly und peryovseness. In a fit of childish bravado sho one day insisted upon jumping a fonce, which I assured her was dangerously wired upon the fur sido. " 1 1 can cosily clear it, and I will jump it,' she cried, and away she weut. " Oh, God'!" he murmured, " how pluinly I see it all — tho lovely pouting iips, the ilofiunt. pose of tho golden head as sbo flew pust tne ou her spirited little inure ; then fee awful crush — the sad hours beside her as she lay cold nnd dead upon feo ground, whilst the groom went in sourch of a curriago in which to convey her baok to the hall -the lust days — the fuuorul— aud my heart-broken departure from tho old house— from which I went vowing nevor to return." "And yet you oumo," I whispered through my taara. " How you must have suffered?" " Suffered P" he said, turning suddenly and looking straight into my eyes. "Yes, at first." He paused _abruptly, anil, stooping, gathered u piece of heather and placed it in. his buttonholo. ' , " I mot your unole and aunt abroad, as I, dare say thoy have told you, Miss Lindo, and wo became fast friends. They knew nothing of my storjr, so when thoy took the hull, they at once invited me to come to them. My first inclination waa to refuse. I hesitated. Some thing drew me to the old plaee, and I came. In the house I waa depressed, miserable. Tho thought of Muriel hauntsd mo. I saw her at every turn, and I resolved to wo. But cro I could not. Something compelled mo to stay. As the days weut on I grew more peaceful. In the open air — with you, talking to .you My. heart beat tumultuously, and I dared not raise my oyes. " 1 gradually became happier. A weight seemed lifted from my heart. When you were near I forgot, pnst troubles. I felt ablo to smile— to laugh. I seemed to grow young again. Old memories faded. Things feat used to pain me did so no more. In tho boudoir hangs. Muriel's portrait, and I havo looked at it without a pang. I — — " "Muriel! Oh, thon, it wns she," I oriod, "who eaiuu to me and told mo! .1 recognised her at onco when I saw. tho por trait." And I stammered out a full descrip tion of tho apparition ' feut had visited mo upon tho night of my arrivul at Oleeve Hnll. "How murvclloiiH 1" ho murmured, with changing colour and in an awe-struck voice. " Did you see hor more tbun onoo P" "No, only once. And I wus nervous, over- wrought. The Blue Chamber is big and - . gloomy," "Tho room in which they laid hor," ho covered bis face wife hishunds, " at feo last." " It may havo beon a dream — a — a faiioy— — "No," he unsworod, solemnly. "Yousaw sweet Muriel — of that I am . convinced. But: why did she como — to you P Did sbo speak?" "Yes," wife orimsonod cheeks. "She — sue toia me x enomu meet you — tiosonoea you ucourately." " How strange ! And oh, Celia, wus fern all?" No, uho told me to be kind to you." ",My darling, she wishod to atone." Ho caught my hands und bold them tightly within bis own. " And you have helped hor by your kindness, But, oil ! Celin, can you love mu ? You have heard my story, know how I' have suffered, how my huppitioss was wrecked — can you — will you trust yourself to Uie ?'.' . I reisod my head and looking up Bhyly into his fuoo. I whispered : "Yes, for I lovo you, and long to see you liuppy." "Atylovo, my wife, you shall," lie cried ; ami drawing mo to his breast lie scaled his . promise with a kiss. V '"USSESt1 : Scientists euy that the orangp was formerly -. a berry, and tout it has been developing tut ovor 7,000 years. _ . 