THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAE. (To' tho Editor.) ''Man'siiihitriiaiiity to innii MtiKoth countless thousands mourn.' Sm;— -The above quotation may not be literally ; corrects biit it is true' all' the'sanio.*;, The South African War, which 'is 'now drawing' to a linish- is an example 'by which' the above is proved. Man's inliunianity to' ''man in that battle and what led up to it is api)alling. The 'injustices iniflieted upon the residents- of the two. Re publics' by : the British Cfovernmfent — ;i not the British people, but the Gov ornine'nt^will be regretted: by all persons capable of forming ' an iin prejudiced'opinioh.: That the British Goverinhent have been 'the tool of financial' influence' is beyond the smallest possibility ' cf doubt. Yet we havea very largo number of people in' thiy 'country'whb reiilly: believe that the- Boers were . the aggressors in the ?first instance. Such is not the fact. The;; present .English Government since?being in power have been con tinually, under-one pretext or another, makingiresh demands from tho Boers, ?haye(:; given several .different inter pretations, to the treaty entered into by, the previous party in power, and at. hist: repudiated , that treaty and claimed the. right to interfere in the internal, affairs of the Boer Republic. ?That right the Home Government never had under any treaty, and the ?fact that the Boers had established a Republican form of Government, with the sanction of the British Govern ment, shows that the right of internal self-government was solely theirs for the simple reason that Republicanism is quite foreign to the British Gov ernmental forms. , The raising of the franchise question and other Uitlander grievances were merely pretexts to force on a quarrel with the Boeis so that some reasons could be given for annexing the Transvaal and Orange Free State, Mr. Chamberlain being astute enough to know that the Boors would fight rather than give up their undeniable government. The future will yet show the statements contained herein to be correct, and England and Australia will' yet have reason to ba ashamed of -their combined inhuman ity to man in this war.— L am, yours, etCV'1 ^'?'??iy.-.-.i- '?:_ ??:?'.!?'???'?? :??: '.:?''': : ? . . : ????] Ublh\\!--^u:-r, THE..GHQST. : ? 