[?] THE GREY CAVALIER OF PEHTEBTON HALL. BT GUY BOOTHBY. (Author of "Dr Nikola," Etc.) Christmas at Penterton Hall was like the rito of matrimony, a thing not to be taken in hand "wantonly or unadvised ly." It was a festive season with few, who had participated in it, are ever like ly to forget. In the first place the old squire was not the sort of man to stand any nonsehse. He invited you, meaning that you should have a good time while 5'ou were with him; he welcomed you with the same intention; he looked after your comfort and amusements from the day that you entered his hospitable doors until you left them again; and if, when that sad moment arrived, you de parted with the opinion that Christmas at Penterton was not what it had been described, well, then, you did what no other man had been known to do before you, and deserved to suffer as such. Why, the mere sight of the Squire's jolly red face was sufficient to make a man enjoy himself, to say nothing of his cheery voice, and inexhaustible fund of anecdotes, which everyone had heard before, but which ail longed to hear again. As a host he was one man in a thousand, and when you come to his housekeeper and niece, pretty Winifred Dycie, well all you can say Is that she is just one in a million, and I don't mind who knows my opinion. How it came about that the Squire had never mar ried has never been properly explained; between ourselves, however, I fancy there is some mystery in the matter. There are not wanting people indeed who assert that the Squire and his bro ther both loved and wooed Winifred's mother; that the younger was success ful, and that the Squire, like the trump lie always was, and always will be, acted up to his principles, held out his hand to his riat and wished him joy. When, five years later, Winifred's father met his death on the field of battle, and his wife died of a broken heart on receiving the news, lie took the little orphan girl to live with him, and gave her every scrap of his great heart. No one will ever realise how much that couple loved each other, but many who have stayed at Penterton can hazard a very good guess. If ycu were to listen to the old Squire you would hear the most absurd stories about his darling. He would tell how, when she was only a tiny dot of five, she would accompany -him on his visits to the kennels, and pick out old Rover and Roysterer from fifteen couple or more, and never cry or even whimper, when the great beasts fawned upon her, and endeavored to put their paws upon her shoulder and try to lick her face. He would tell you the most extraordin ary stories, about her prowess in the saddle, how, "by Gad, sir, she had rid den his own pet hunter, Nimrod, on a certain,, ever to be remembered day, when the hounds met at Pinkley Gorse, and fairly floored the field, sir." And if the telling happened to be at night, it is a thousand to a sixpence that he would order another bottle of port, one of the very particular, by the way, and drink to the health of the sweetest maid who ever wore a habit. I don t think I should be very far wrong in saying that, before she was twenty, she had over given the Squire a moment s un- happiness. That unfortunately was to come, and it was the coming of it that constitutes this story. Needless to say, old Squire Dycie's niece was not likely to lack admirers. As a matter of fact they flocked in from all directions, until ' the Squire began to think that it would be wiser were he to issue orders that no male -should be admitted within his gates without a Written permit from himself. They came from north, south, east and west, and to the Squire's great joy inva riably went away disconsolate. How were they to know that her heart was already "iven and, as is so often the case, to the very 'man of all others of whom the Pquire was least likely to approve? Handsome, devil-may-care Dick Bever ley the ruined Squire of Blicksford, was a charming companion of irreproachable birth and manners; as a set-off, however, against these advantages, it was well known that he had squandered his patri mony had been rusticated from Cam bridge, and was, in consequence, the hor ror of virtuous mothers with marriage able daughters, for many miles around. That he should have fallen in love with pretty Winifred Dycie seemed only na tural. for they all did. but that she should have reciprocated his affection and have .promised to be his wife seemed to be out of the proper order of things. However, it was a fact, and one that was likely to cause a considerable amount of trouble for all parties concerned, in the near future. One day the young man screwed up his courage and rode over to the hall for an interview with the Squire. The latter listened to him patiently, and then spoke his mind. "Impossible," he said; "quite impos sible. What you ask is out of the ques tion." "You mean, I suppose, that you have heard all sorts of things about me. That I am hard up and have been a bit wild. I don't deny it. but if I give you my word that I will reform, and that I will not marry your niece until I have set the oid place on its feet again, will you accept that as sufficient proof of my love and sanction our engagement?" "I can sanction nothing," the Squire answered.. "I can only repeat that what you ask is impossible." "Entreaty will not move you?" "Nothing will move me," the other re plied. "My mind is made up." Seeing that it was useless to say any thing further, Dick bade him good-bye, and that night, at a stolen meeting, in a wood behind the Hall, informed Winifred of what had occurred at the interview. Some meddlesome person told the Squire of the meeting, and he spoke to his niece upon the subject. She confessed her love. and vowed that without young Beverley life for her would be a blank. Then the Squire lost his temper, and said things for which I can assure you he was sorry afterwards. The result was a misunder standing and a tiff, which on the Squire's part took the form of a letter to the young man in question, warning him to have no intercourse with his daughter Winifred, under the pain of his (the Squire's) severest displeasure. . In less than a month he had come to hate the young man as he had never hated any one in his life before. His very name was an abomination to him. What was more, he shepherded his niece more closely than ever, and seldom allowed her out of his sight. In consequence, the lovers were not permitted to meet, and Wmifred be gan to look pale and lieavy-eyed, and life at the Hall was the reverse of cheerful. There could be no doubt that the affair was causing the dear old Squire a great amount of misery. He was not the same man at all. He had no desire to be un- just, nor, had he considered young Bever. ley a suitable match, would he have stood in the way for a moment. As a mattei of fact, he did not know much about him personally, and what little he did know was told him by busybodies, who doubt less had their own reasons for desiring to prove the young fellow a villain of the deepest dye. On one pitiable occasion he was driven into saying something which at any other time he would rather have cut his tongue out than have ut tered. When he left the drawingroom, where the interview had taken place, and returned to his own room, Gregory, his ancient butler, informed him that Mrs Gibbs, the housekeeper, desired to speak to him. "Send her in, send her in," said the Squire, a little sharply, for he was not in the humor for domestic worries. Then to himself he added: "What op„aastbv. can the woman have to say j It turned out that M was of a peculiar nature?'/ domestic! crisis was imminent, grfel > cbioi'neteited in the servants' hall. .-"put imiP'QjtJij words, it amounted lochia: The Grey. Cavalier, the famous Fisntsrttyi. .ghost,'; who was known to pace t he"" gfl r ah gig, at the back of the house when anyYt trouble was about to happen to the family, had made" his appearance on three occasions of late, and had been plainly seen by a footman, a lady's maid and a housemaid. The footman had been re duced to a state of collapse, the females to a condition of idiocy. According to their statements, he was standing in the moonlit quadrangle at the time, gazing sadly at the house. Then, with a wave of his hand, he had disappeared in the direction of tlie chapel, back to Its tomb behind the altar. They indignantly denied any possibility of their having been mistaken. They had seen his great grey boots, his love locks, his lace ruffles and his grey beaver hat, and as a result nothing could induce them to stay after their month was up, or to cross the quad rangle after dark. "Your maids are a pack of fools, and the footman is something worse," cried the irritable Squire, not, however, with out a thrill of satisfaction as he thought of the story he would now be able to tell concerning the famous Spectre. How ever, he sent Mrs Gibbs about her busi ness, and then sat down at his writing- table to pen a letter to his best friend in the world. He told him of his difliculty regarding young Beverley, of his niece's state of health, and asked his advice. Two days later an answer arrived, and in it the old Colonel promised to do his best to exorcise the fatal passion that had taken possession of the pretty Wini fred, and for this reason he would spend Christmas at the Hall, and bring as many of his young friends as he could collect with him. Now if the Colonel knew one eligible young man he knew a dozen, the respectability, wealth, and culture of whom he was prepared to guarantee with his life. What was more he knew half a dozen girls of transcendent beauty and accomplishments, who would act as ex cellent foils, and would put Winifred upon her mettle. With such a force at his back it would bp strange indeed, he argued, if they were unable to rout Bev erley, and drive him from the field never to return. Although Winifred protested against such an invasion, the necessary invitations were despatched, and in due course accepted by the parties concern ed. In the meantime Beverley was sup posed to be in London, and Winifred's heart was about as sad as it was possible for the heart of a maiden to be. Indeed, the only person who seemed to be enjoy ing the festive season at all, was the grey ghost of Sir Michael, who, within the previous month, had been twice seen on his accustomed promenade. The result was so upsetting from a domestic point of view that, instead of venerating him as he had been brought up to do. the Squire began to look upon liis superna tural relative as a nuisance second only to Beverley himself. Though he pro tested that it was all fancy, and those who declared that they -had seen the ap parition must have greamt it, I have an idea that he was no more disposed to pay a visit to tlie Quadrangle at night than weie the maidservants themselves. What was more, he confined his visits to the Chapel to daylight, and anxiou-ly looked forward to the time when his visitors should arrivq, and by so doing create a diversion. At last the great day came, and the stables found their time fully taken up meeting trains and conveying guests to the Hall. Holly and mistletoe decorated the corridors, grc-at logs spluttered on the fires, and all was gaiety and merry making. The Squire, to ail appearances, uvas jollity itself. He had a warm wel- 'coffie for each new arrival, a joke for the and, well, if the trutli must be told, aiss for the girls. The seeds or some jj>ron|lslng flirtations were sown at af- 'ieV'ijfcon tea, and hy the time the dressing 6ja1g sounded for dinner, all was as mcv- fy as a marriage bell. Indeed, it was not untii late in the evening, just as the bedroom candlesticks made their appear ance, that a damper was cast upon the spirits of the party. Then one young lady, more courageous than tlie rest, turned to the Squire, and asked if it were true, as her maid had told her, that the Grey C.avalier had been making his ap pearance lather too frequently of late. The Squire gazed at her in amazement. The temerity of the young lady stagger ed him. As a rule the Grey Cavalier was never mentioned, save with I.ialed breath, and never by any chance within an hour of bedtime. He noticed also that Wini fred's hand trembled, and that she turned deathly pale. He remembered the fact that she had always entertained a great fear of the spectre, and his warm old heart went out to the girl for that reason, and, perhaps, if the truth must be told, for still another. He was well aware that she loved young Beverley, and was filled with sorrow that it should have fal len to his lot to have been compelled to differ from her as to the merits of tlie man of her choice. However, as the mat ter stood it was impossible for him to draw back, and accordingly he was forced not only to let her suffer, but to suffer himself at tlie same time. l-Io thought of tliis when his guests had de parted to their various bedrooms, and he and Winifred stood at the bottom of the groat staircase, bidding each other good-night. His oid heart was troubled, and it was made none tlie easier when Winifred clasped her arms about liis neck and said, "Dear old uncle, you must try- to think better of me. You have been so good to me, and I have repaid your kind ness so poorly. You will never know how grateful I am to you for it all." "Pooh, pooh," said the Squire, " you mustn't talk nonsense, little gill. Run away to bed, and come down to break fast in the morning with the roses 011 your cheeks." He noticed that the girl heaved a heavy sigh as she turned to go upstairs, and, though he could not understand the rea son, he was even more upset than before. He began to wonder whether young Bev erley might not, with encouragement, turn out better than he expected, and if he should give him the chance. This led him to think of his dear, dead brother, and of Winifred's mother, both of whom at that very moment were perhaps watching him, and sighing at his treat ment of their orphan child. He accord ingly heaved another heavy sigh, more doleful than the first, and accompanied old Gregory on ids locking-up opera tions, with an even sadder heart than ever. He had not retired to his couch more than a oouple of hours, however, a sleepless couple by the way, when the unmistakable click of an iron latch in the quadrangle below reached his ears. What could it mean? He sprang out of the bed and hastened to the window. He was only just in time, for there, crossing the open space, was a tall, grey figure, hab ited in the costume of a Cavalier. It was a frosty night, and the moon shone so cold and clear that every detail of his costume was plainly observable, even to the love locks and the long grey boots. For the first time in his life the Squire was looking upon the apparition whose appearance was supposed to foretell death or disaster to his family. Sudden ly, however, something struck him as be ing somewhat singular, and when he had seen the figure disappear by the small door into the chapel on the other side, he left the window and began to dress. Then, taking a candle, he departed from his chamber, and set off on a tour of in.wic- tion. The house was in total darkness, and as silent as a grave. He did not hesitate, however, but pushed on, passed the billiard room, passed his own study, until he reached the door in the long cor ridor, which opened into the Chapel it self. Once there he blew out the light, and softly opened the aoor. Creeping in he found the worshipping place of his an cestors in total darkness, save where it was lighted by the moonbeams which en tered through the lancet windows on the further side. The marble effigies of his 4 long departed relatives showed stiff and dark above their tombs, but in the centre of the aisle stood two .'figures whom he clearly recognised. One was the Grey Cavalier, the other Winifred, his niece. From his place of vantage he could plainly overhear all that they were say ing. Their conversation ran somewhat as follows: — "Are you sure Dick, dear, that you mean what you say?" whispered the girl, who. by the way, had her arms round the Cavalier's neck. "Quite sure." the ghost bf. the Grey- Cavalier replied. " The old man ioves you, and though he doesn't trust me. I'll be dashed if I'll be such a mean cad as to carry you off and break his heart, while there's a chance of winning him round to uur way of thinking. He'll like me all the better when he sees how hard I'm trying to be worthy of you, and, on the other hand, just think what life here would be to him without you, little wom an!" "I wifh. Dick dear, he knew you as you are. He has only heard the things evii- disposed people have 6aid about you. He doesn't know how good you really are!" "Not very good, I'm afraid," the other replied. "If I've improved a bit of late, I owe it all to you and your gentle influ ence. But I am trying to pull up, and that at least is something. And now I must be off. You say there Is a ball on Boxing night, so I suppose I must wait until another night to see you." "Cannot you come thc-n?" ""What, the Grey Cavalier make his ap pearance 011 such a festive occasion? If you think you could manage to slip away for a quarter of an hour I might try." 1 am sure I could. At any rate, I'll do my best. Bui isn't it a great risk to run?" "Risk, not a bit of it. In that case tlie Spectre will be seem at midnight pre cisely." The Squire waited to hear no more, but, softly opening the door, picked -up his candle, and fled to his own room to think over all ho had heard. So far as that particular night was concerned, his rest was likely to lie disturbed. I11 the morn ing, however, lie was a different being ; ho had come to an understanding with himself, and was brighter in consequence. His face at breakfast said as much. Nev er had uch a Christmas Day been known at Penterton Hall. The Squire was like a new man; he proposed everyone's heal til at lunch, and conducted himself like ,an amiable lunatic during the re mainder of the day. Boxing Day arriv ed In due course, and discovered no change in liis condition. Winifred scarce ly knew what to make of his behavior. Pooi- child, the dance of that evening pre sented 110 chance of enjoyment for her. Before dusk the Squire summoned the Colonel and two or three of the young men to his study and kept them there for up wards of an hour. Jt was to be observed that when they emerged tliey seemed to be staggering under the weight of a great responsibiltiy. Of all the balls that have taken place at Penterton, that of which I am about to attempt a descrip tion will always be considered the most remarkable; One of tlie most noticeable features was the fact that shortly before midnight Hie Colonel and the young men aforera'd disappeared from the ball room. "Winifred followed th®ir example a little later. The Squire also was not to be seen. The clock in tlie belfry had scarcely struck t welve before the door of the ball room opened and the Squire entered, es corting his niece. She was very pale, and seemed much put out about something. Almost at the same moment the door at the further end of the room opened, and a singular figure, attired after the man ner of the reign of the first Charles, en tered, escorted by the Colonel and his stalwart aides. Winifred, on seeing him-, uttered a cry, and would have run to wards him, but that the Squire held her back. "Ladies and gentlemen," the dear old fellow began, looking round at those pre sent as he spoke, "all of you have heard of the famous Grey Cavalier of Penter ton Hall. You will in the future be able to say that you have seen him face to face, and that lie is not as terrible as you have been led to suppose. At last .the Spectre has been laid by the heels, and in saying that I have to make a confes sion to you. My dear friends, I feel that I am very much to blame. For a long time past I have listened to the voice of public opinion, and refused to hear that of love. The first I am about to put on one side; upon the other for the future I will pin my faith. Mr Beverley, you have played me a trick in the matter of the Grey Cavalier, but I am sure if I give you my darling's hand, you will show me that my confidence has not been misplaced. Fromt his moment we will let bygones be bygones, and now" there he turned to the musicians) "play up; let us have some music." Of course, we all knew the story of the unhappy love affair, and we were all, or at any, rate those of us who were mar ried, delighted at the denouement. Wini fred's face was a picture to see, and as for the Ghost, well, if ever the Grey Cav alier was half as happy as he appeared to be, as he whirled his lady love over the bail room floor, he must have been as Jolly a spectre as could have been found throughout the length and breadth of tlie land. They are to be married in three months' time, and the Squire has com manded our presence at the ceremony,. Everyone agrees that Beverley Is a re formed character, and if he is at all grateful for his happiness, he must surely reflect that he owes it to the lucky thought which induced him to take upon himself the role of the Grey Cavalier of Penterton Hall. ..... -- - "WINNIFRED HAD HER ARMS ROUND THE CAVALIER'S NECK." 