HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. The Speaker toot the chair at 2,30 o'clock. Mr Nicholls resumed the debate on the Bill to amend the Great Western Bailway Act in order to allow the Company an extension of time. He said that the flotation of the aompany was quashed through the action of the late Government and now the company desired an extension of time. The concessions to the Emu Bay Co were renewed five or Eix times and no opposition was offered. If there were members in the House who thought that if the Bill was defeated the line would be got rid of they would be mistaken. The agitation for the line would not cease until its construction was sanctioned. (Applause.) The trade ot the colony was drifting away to Victoria, and Melbourne was becoming the commercial centre of Tasmania. The want of the construction of the Great Western Railway was assisting that state of affairs. Mr Woollnough considered that railway construction with the Coast was desirable. He was prepared to support the Bill if the company was prepared to carry out its part of the agreement as satisfactorily as the Government would carry out their undertaking. That was the difficulty, and the point on which he would like to be assured. He would vote for the Bill without prejadice, The Premier explained the attitude of the Government stating that they were acting in the best interests of the colony. The Government would oppose the amendment of the Select Committee in regard to grades and curves on all lines not being nnder the control of the engineer appointed by the Minister, and if it was agreed to by the House the members of the Government would throw in their lot with those against the Bill and oppose the third reading. The Government proposed to run the line on from Glenora to Florentine Valley, and tha company would have to construct the railway from there to the West Coast, Mr Fowler ; What if the company stop running 7 Mr Lewis: Then the Government will have a new line to Zcfhati for £300,000. Mr Evans supported the Bill, contending that the line was warranted, and that Hobart was entitled to it, Mr Gaffney held that they had heard so much about the railw\y since 1896 that it was time the company did something or gave up the ghost. He would support the line if he thought the company meant business. It was hiB intention to oppose the extension o' time. The company bad had ample time to have commenced operations. He favored a permanent survey being made to the West Con6t by the Government, and then no doubt some other syndicate would step in. Mr Guesdon strongly supported the Bill.' The motion for the second reading of the Bill was disagreed to on the following division :— AYES (16)—Messrs Bird, Bradley, Burbury, Davies, Evans, Guesdon, Hamilton, Hodgman, Leatham, Lewis, Mulcahy, Nicholls, PropBting, Drquhart, Shaw, Woollnongh. NOES (16)—Sir Edward Braddon, Means Aikenhead, Archer, Best, W. H. T. Brown, Burke, Dumaresq, Fowler, Hall, Hartnoll, Hope, Lyne, McCracken, Patterson, Gaffney, Relbcy, Saddler, and Walduck. Pairs—For the motion, Mr Crowther] against, Mr McKenaie. Mr von Steiglitx was the only absentee from the division, Mr Burke moved the second reading of the Bill to amend the Codlin Moth-Act, which proposed to abolish the minimum fine of 10s, and leave the penalty to the discretion of th« The second reading was agreed to. The Ilill introduced by Mr Urqnhart to regulate the attachment of wages for debt was read a first time, Mr Gaffney gave notice to move that the tax on sheep be reduced to Id per head, cattle, 3d, and carcase meat 3d per cwt. The House, at 9.23 o'clock, adjourned till Tuesday. 