TILE STOUt EL'E LLERI EILY'S' CONFESSION CCHAPTERRV.-Continued. -Leaving thliipathi' and' plungig' into the cprwood at rightbaugles'ta. it, we eertainly.do fiad the ground very swami ny underfoot. ..Wherever Ludlow leads4 I findmyself con-; strained t fill trea.'ding in his footprints exactly, since they fill up-with' 'aterthe ieoment hs l'bootlis withdrawn,' ut keeping;An his' trail to the best pf.b my bility:- The ::water gurgl d,in my, a'soe?, at I bavd no intention of declaring off. II' m.pretty well accustomedto such hairdshi~i ince I cane to Seafifeld scaircely Iaday pans ingr without a sudden: slip into the i iver,=or into_'sonme salt-pool dewn on tbe shore. The sky is clouding over; there is nCt a breath. of w?inid ; a unrious misty nmoisturo is in the air,-tlie birds are not singing in the brikes iad;:thickcts ; even the topmost banches 'of tiheitrees are metiorless. I feel -suddenly,. depressed. ' I think there isia. stormacoming,' Isay' t6 LjeloitGi: essoi, who is'stridingon before me '.hio;ugih brake, brash anl d caur':l, > o'.like it,' he answers 'laconically SNoa thenderstorm?' I siclaiimappre li asively: ' Oh, no. And it will not come on3nast I f.rgot my dr'ad of a sterm in radmira-i toon of-the picture that opens out before ine t toglih the winding wood ? lonely :fore'st pl.o?lii perhaps half 'as acre in extent, osut' rounded.by great.trees,,the beles- and -h'soe S branches.ofwhich are reflected in its siiface asin;:a glass.-a" black,. unfathomable. lake, smooth as a mill-pond, edged with -b`'akes abihdbambles and farze, the. tangled briars. of which. dip into the, water;. the1 yellow blossoms' of which lie imotionilesswhere they :: veifalledn 'o.the quiet surfacd,.. W'W hat d6 you think you will' catch ?. I ask, aiTLidlbow fakes up his position at the water's edge, and throws his line. . 'Pike,' he answers. I stand at somae distance '?watoEinp hlim, his" tall figure, his dark lhandsome faco.i Below.:him lies his denble in the wateordis tinct as a photograph.- ' ' How horrid it would be to fall in,' I say, finding it impossiblo toehold -my tongno for Atreithan a miniote.' 'It' loks as deep at . : = ' ,, r .,a n y th in g .'o,."i , `" +~ ,^' c tr; , ;' ",3 0 (, spry, e*p., i jThey ; say abolit here fat t hees .no bottomito it.: I don t like the look of it'---with a ind: 'f morbid fascination staring down at :the \- inky surface. Pi-ty you came then,' Mr- Gresson says -* , _ ..l,;.- suggestively. . .:',1 can 'faicy all kinds of horrid eels writ. \- gling aboat at the bottom, and hideous fish, .? a. nd black 'leehes. Iisay, wouldn't it be ; '~ rrid to fall. in and ,be caught y a: big ,pike . ' caught by abi :" : You'd better not go too sear, the edge, then. ' ' I think it will haunt me at ?night,' Igo . " on,'still, gazing down at .ther still surface. ,,ti *. ' I alwavys had a horror of hog-holes and mill .b : ,idams'and of reading of 'deep black lakes 'i ko ,. . -ocavers, anad snob shreless' waters. .I'm ,- .- / -: sorry I 'came here.' ~•': . '"So"an.I,' 'Mr Gresson adds heartily,, . . 'n inc' you won't hold year tongue. '-How ':: Pyo. u think I can catch fish if you keep en i, , .,talking at the top of your voice ?' ' It is n?? iot at the top of my voice.' v reif. oeeoling aggrieved I wandder away a little, l to a bridge which spans the'pdnd at itsanar rowest point, made of two or three slippery,' ivy-grown planks, with a single rough pia? sparlby way ofthandrail. r n:ji,..! 'Don't cosa the pond,' Ludlow callsa fte't; fi.,,'~, ?ime ;l 'the bridge is as rotten as tinder.' - tlin t .'If I fell in and were drowned, I wonder s "1 if I should haunt this pond. ' " 1 . ....t * You wouldn't be the first in the markot,"' ;,.,'' ,'Mfr'Gressen remarks coolly. 'It is bauiited already. 'Some fellow came here - with his i ? t, ,sweetheart, and she was jealous: or soame . e,., t. thing, and gave~him a shove, and he 'follin.' 1 t? .',.¢~'. '"Really and truly ? ' crr <:< ' :' 1believe so. Any*ay, she caine banok "=; ?.wiithont' him, and he 'was never .heard Hof I '"'ý=" i'afterwvards. Good way to get rid of -him, i n , ii .wasn t ift . ,.,,.,. _ I do not think it was ar very good way. 11 Xi; ; Neither is it exactly the place by which 'I Il .·;ýt+.would choose to ramble with my lover. :s' :.'- At the farther side, beyond a mass 'of dense evergreens, appears the top of an .t 1"-" '' ancient and very high wall, moss-grown and S.;.. ,weather-stained, and there seems to be a klni'd. of path among the laurels, perhaps t '~1 'leading to a door in the same. ." 'What isin there ? Iask, indicating the wall to my companion. 'IMrs Liddel's flower-garden, I, believe, but I was Ilever inside it.' ' should li'kb to see it. ' She a "ed m&t; go to see her some day.' -- ;r,`. " -. ' Will `you shut up ?' he exclaims very roughly. . "I ired. of watching ?lbim, I.step on tothe bridge and lean over; the pine rail, staring. down at my own' outline, ,darkly defined on' the black surface against `a backgreiend obf twigs and bradches laced over a gray sky. Dori't,fall in,' Ludlow cries out, turning Ins iheadito f'61iridunviy ie'reeiouts: i I have no inte;rtioni of falling in, thengh 1. woiiler lihy Tsiouid feel if 1 did plunge head 6over heels intd'the honrrid black water. Should' I 'sink cit"ance" to unfathomable depths, accompanied by a curious escort of hideous wriggling eels and gaping pike and othei" b' mioiatidni'? ... Schiller's ' Dib-". comes into my. head, ,with al the ghastly i'ii1-aqueous ' things' snapping at him as he weit down.., I do not like looking at.this deep~pool~ 'nd yet it faseinates hii. I stai'e down into :ittill my head turns giddy. Thlere is a crack-the rail gives way under my. e'llibo, or seems to give.way--Ideel tlit t I, mn falling-I think I cry out like one in a nightmare, in a faint smothered voice. But I shall never forget theslook of-h bhororand concin.,on LudloI,w.Gressok's ,face as he, turrs it to me. That .is the last thing"I-' " meteiimlber, for in 1anotheir .iuaiisnt the black" wateirs have sucked me down, I' fancy I ShearIdit dlo 's voice afar off, calling .to mu; not to be afraid, that lie will catch me irhioii "I conme up. And after that I suppose I loser my senses, for I remember nothing more:: I mi sitting in: the, solitude ,of an Eliza. beotian chamber, wrapped in a dressinggown' of crimson quilted satin, which smells of, .paper, like furs that havc; been Iput away foi the summuer. It is late iii the eenihg"' ;there is a erackling wood fiie onis tli hearth.: It'is raining and blowing out of. doors,' and I am'sitting before the fire on a high-backed ~ haieiof'carved walnut, my feet .rebtting':s . i fobtstool of the same wood. . It is aliost dark ; there is not the slightest' souendin, Shi room hilit the"b noise tie fiie makes and the ticking of the old clock- on tihe bureau behind me.. I am conscious of a rather laa Sguiid feelihg, as of one who has lately; re. ,covedied'from an illness; but ?ithe sensati?oi 'is not unplsartnt. :It seems ike a .drea`p to find-myself here, sitting in a, grand old, chair of carved ?oed, Wrapped in an antiqui Sgarirenstx-eTf crimson satin,1 surrounded by Scurious ferniture1 i a qiiuault easemented r? ?oom;ý ave I;nade a "sudden sallyi~into' iaealma orF ancy,' o'amrnI really asleep and Sdreamfring? I l)id I eall fall into the Black Pool's and did Ludlow Gresion pulli me out ior didi really imnagine it at'all ? I have a' Shaizy is€colleetion, of ,comning to mtyself, of, :Ludlowi's.going to Mrs Pryine for brandy: i"of Mrs :Liddel's comingros rid in her Bath chair aind carrying me off, like ome: good' Sfiiiry'; I distinetly rememberr refusing to go; Sto :bed, to' he wrapped in hot blankets, or to drink hot elderberry iiine, to Prynne's 'great indignation. 'Since'tlen I have been r sitting dreamily here beforeithe fire, .whild' Stheo "twilight deepened ard the firelight brightened-; and MDrs :Liddel[has come to see' me, arid lias spokenl to iue, ad I hiave ans w 'ored iher in tlhiesamie far~iof fashion as if she' were only part ofthe 'dream;: ` ' :"'The rooemI am in is calledl this "Iersld?" Roomni: It islhuiring with idrab nmoreou, fias tened with brass nails. itli low aind .large and square, with a great many small 'win-. t. dows setdeeoply in the will., A huge! antique -gariiide:irobe; with'folding-dors andt carved centre panels, looms opposite to the windows; a itanding with' its" foot? toi the fire ·is>i:i" eniirmona four-post:bed likeia hearse. t: Itis hung. with -very' ancient tapesty, works'd swith heraldic' deoces,.a lng inmotto running. round the valence.or testi',. with the dato i90.. idoa ot like thi tids?a of sleeping in it-,;the bancieinticaved wo'od %. as black, as ink, and the ."tapestry has .faded infe aone I dark sombre 'int' i the couiiterpane of quilted dark satin looks in this half-light just like a pall. The floor of the room is of dark' oak, polished, but without carpet ; the chairs .s re'all of ;carved walnut, cushioned with 'drab moree'n;- There is nothing cosy, about the place; it 'has a bare, frowning look. I could fancy many a Liddel dying in that learse-like bed, and lying there ini state. afterwards. I fancy t:.e room has the 'pe iuliar odour of a room where a dead body has .lain -biit'that may be. imaginationi. : I. am snie theie are ghosts hi: this 'room too;, that old black buieau leoks as if it might be SIfull of .thenm.," M, Mrs Prynne dispels the, shadow: by .cora-: ing in' atthis moment'with'two -candles :in tall brass candlesticks, which she~placis o.dn bhe mantelpiece, inqi~inag at the saime tiie if'T A~"ready for' my - tea. 'Bii~' alsured on this ioint, she goes away. igait, to re turn in a few minutes iritlh a tray having a cup and saucer upon it of curious old china, a WVedgewood teapot, cream and sugar in old-fashionid square silver ewer and basin, and some bread aid butter cut as thin as a wafer. 'These she places on a table at my elbow, watching ins all'the timine. She' has a remarkable cast in one eye, and it always makes me feel uncomfortabli whin.'she looks at me. : ' . .. ' It is blowing very hard , isn't it'I I ask uneasily.".. " : . .i,~. -;-: ' Protty 'hard"-:'Mrs, Prynne 'answers grimly.:' ' Some of' them" old, ies in ::theo woed· ' will ':be likelyto" to cio'do'iva "'to o verlithe ta thing, stillyesinme.; ni :':Aind'Ithinkit is: rainiang hardtobo is~'b "i-' Offand o. , i is : .. ,:. :I: ican thjink of 'nothing more. to siay, and still:Mrs'Prynune's basiliskey "iee islon me. I am glad there comes a' cdiv6eiiion .:in the shape of a small dark .heidea ii:thin deoor way,' and a pair of dark eyes peering oui. iously into the room. " ' Come in, MIaster Richard, aid wish this lady good evening.' ,Richard demurs, but tMrs Prynne. takes' hold of him with her bony hand,'and draws him into the room. lH''isdressed-in black velvet, and, with his hair'cut straight ovor his eyes, his wide collar and buckled shoes/ looks quite in keeping with antique room. SPoor Miss Desmondo fell into the water I Prynne says, by way of awakening his in-' terest. SHow ?' lie inquires staring at me. Mrs Prynne tells him, and alslo tells :him that I have got on his great- grandmother's double gown.' . . . ,' . ,. ? , . ,,! , d·.I . .; , ? , . ' You know the picture in hall, Mnsttr Richard--the lady :with the dog'? That was your,grent-grandmother, and he used to wear thait: yry satin gowni.' ' .Why does slihe wenai it ' . B Because her;iown things were o, . and your grandmamma's dressing go0i would sot fit her.' I. :: TThe boy:sti-rei-at'ine. and? I rit nrn ihis look with interesah By:degrees his lshyness, ori rather boldness,; ears oif ; ant befoiore tea is over.we ardeý very amniiab e terms with each other.. I like his dark determined little, face ;.it reminds me of DelaieLh o's pic thrte iofthe poor littib ipinces?in th Tower. He inaists upon spinning his chameleon top in my presence, and tells me a. gre t many anecdotes of the donkey, and of a ?tlrtling bird he has in a cage, and other in eresting objects. 'When Mrs Prynno carrier nm' off to bed he is as unwilling to ýgo as Ihe had been to come. SIt is blowing very hard now, tlio wind coming in heavy gnHts against thoe rirAlows laden .with rain. ?The trees round the house sway and meatuiwi.h 'rrFrushing sounid likoes the sound o'bf the sea iand I feel a vague uun rest, as I always do when' I hear t e, wind aiidithe rain together. To-uight.so eapre eiitiment of coming misforture is ver, me' s---ome inexplicable dread of I k ow not what-' I-have always been very s?sceptile to, change.in the weather, butl 1 hae e'ver felt quite like jthis:befoire . I' cnnuotaceount for my sensatihons;.; othir can hnrtj me in this big room, where I sit snugly vwrapped up inmrtny quilted dressiiig-gown,; dirinking tea out of curious old blue china, with my feet. toasting,. comfortably .bcfore la great' wood-fire? eitker'is any;one I card for' in any danger--so. far as I know-nor have I any friendr at sea. Perhaps 1 am getting the rheumatic fever. Mrs Prynni "tlheatoned me with, when I would not; drink her older berir ivine ! Mf lrhedrrthboits fast. nd low, I shiver if.front of a blazing fire,; ny hand shakes as it holds the tea-cup. I" feel like one who eivats to heai' the confirintioni of some terrible.tidings, every nerve sfIran lipnp to endure the horrible suspense. ~hon [rs Prynne comes' itd the room for tho. tea, triay, she looks at mo .hardoner than over. 'I: tm sure she thirnks 'I'ariiitgoing to faint but a sound of loud kticking down stairs takes her attertiont from me. ' What's.thrt ?' she exclaims, starting. SIdon't know, I answier.thoughl she had not addressed mue. i'It comes'again andii we ca hear old Givilt huirrying, along 'theipLasbages. M.s "Prynne inns out.onlto the landing, aid I, not fcohing inclined to'loose the fun; wrap my dressing' gown round me and hurry after' her. She. is' haniging over the'low otakt balhisters, look ing'fdwn intothe??gieatliiill. PeeringoyerI her shoulder :I" see a curious picture-tahel door wide open, the old servant holding thli4j door in one hand and, a flickering light in the btheri; ini theimiddle of the half-iliuminnated hallba itan-in 'a great coat,- storm-drenched,I standing bare-headed; old Mrs Liddol hang-:: ing about. his neck. ,' It's the master !' rs ^Pr.ynneiejacnlates 'Heaven be praised I.: f ~;iE[Toina CoorINou.] .. 