Mr. Marshall's Doppel-Ganger. By H. G. WELLS. CHAPTER I. Among the carious cases which I. aa a one* satire member of the Society for th< .Rehabilitation of Abnormal Phenomena, lave been called upan to investigáis thal of Mr. Marshall's apparition to the Bev, Philip Burwash, of fc'ujarxwlle, and to.tht i Dev. Philip Wendover, his curate, is cer r tainly by no means the least carions. It wai ^'communicated to thc Society by the Ber : George Burwash himself, with a ma=a pi authenticating evidence quite ia exceES ol the ordinary cass of th¡8 description. The Rev, George Borwafh 13 one of tha' little army of honest and wjrtby amateu investigators scattered throughout th< country, clergymen, retired officers, profes so-s keeping Loliday, and ladies of ever] . description, who, in spite of a ceitaii inexpeiiance in the handling of hnroai evidence, are doing such excellent wotk ii xeviving the erst decadent belief in spiritua entities. He was already favourably kuowi to the'Soeiety by his experiments in though! transference. The apparition occurred on Christmas Eve 1895, and his communication was read befor the Society in the fubscquent January. M; enquiries in Sussexville wera proeecutei daring the April and May following. _A doppelganger, I reed soarcely remini the reader, ia the neo-Englieh for a doable you are here, and yet jou appear suddenl, Co a friend or acquaintance elsewhere. Ii other word?, a doppelganger is a phastasm o a living person. Such phantasms ar believed by many quite reputable peopl nowadays to bo of frequent occurrence, and as in the case I had to examine, are of tei curiously purposeless. Hera we had Air Marshall appearing suddenly and with ; disturbed countenance befcra Mr. Burwisl and bia oarate, uttering horrible impreca tionp, threatening him, and thea snddenl; disappearing. He cursed and threateuei without rhjme or reason ; his procedure wa : totally without symbolic value. But BO vivie ? and so sonorous was the. phantasm that a the time it did not enter into the head o: Mr. Burwash to regard him as anything bu a real parson, albeit the figure moved with i < curious gliding motion, markedly difieren fra m walking. Until it vanished, indeed the thought of ghoBtsdid not appear tb him The manner of disappearance and the eubse quent silence, as the reverend gentleraai described them, wt re, however, qaiti sufficiently ghost- like for any reasouabli ' person. \- My first p-oceeding in elucidating thii interesting cass wa?, of course, to visit tbi scene of the appearance, and courteously ba .">' exhaustively, to cross-examine Mr. Burwasl : and Mr. Wendover on the particulars of th< incident. Mr. Burwash occupies a honae on tb< hill&ide; above theohurcb, and in conseqnencf of the growth of his family he has, for th( sake of quiet, built himself a small bal ? convenient study of pine up the hill, A : path croases over the crest of the hill, ano descends steeply from a little gate near th« study between' the Vicarage hedge and thc churchyard wall to the Iych gate in tha mais . toad below. On Christmas Eve Mr. Burwash had been < writing late at his Christmas sermon, having been delayed during the day by a p ir eel ol ppDokical literature, and rt waa af ter mid .'night that he finished. Hts curate, with \- '.whom be is, for a vicar, ou exceptional!s friendly terms, came into the study and sat smoking, while the vicar alternately talked to him and punctuated his discourse for the morrow. It adds to the interest of tha cae« that thia curate,. Mr. Wendover, was a declared Boeptio. When the punctuation was completed the vicar got np, stretched, and opened his study door to lcok out at the weather. He saw by the glare from the door that a few flakes of enow were falling, and he was preparing to turn and remark upon this to the oarate when Budden ly, and abruptly, Mr. Marshall appeared outside the gate, and Btood for a moment, swaying exactly like a drunken man, and apparently struggling with violent internal emotions. Then finding his voice, he poured forth with dramatic unexpected- ness a volley of corses, so gross and personal that I had the greatest difficulty in persnad ~ ing Mr. Burwash, in the interests of BOience, io repeat them. The curate became aware of Mr. Mar- shall's presence for the first "time when he -~üttfTtrTWr6atbre?k. He sprang to his feet, : and Baw Marshall "distinctly over bis super ior'a shoulder. Then, aa abruptly, the man staggered and vanished into the night. As he did BO, a gust of wind whirled the snow- flakes about, and the study door behind Mr. Burwash slammed violently. Mr. Burwaih waa Bhnt out and the curate in. Ia his communication to the Society, Mr. Barwaah laid great stress upon tin's fact of _~tbe slamming dcor, because ha inclinea to the belief that it Bhows a quasi-material nature in phantasms ; for, aa he very per- tinently asks, how otherwise could the disappearance of a ghost cause a gnat of wind ! That, however, is a side issue. As goon as they had recovered from their surprise, Mr. Burwash went-to the gate, expeeting to find Marshall lying there but, up the hill and down, the pathway was deserted. '. . " That, substantially, waa tho Btory of the Viaion of Mr. Burwash, and by itself it would, of ccurse, have had little or no interest. As I immediately'pointed out, Marshall himself . may have passed that way in an intoxicated condition, and hil sodden and gliding disap- pearance msy have , bein rino to bil . feet alifpingon tho frczen snow that veneered titi pathy-y. Thc. closing door, tto, by ja^Mfl|rShftue light," may have aided that ""«íTtct. And the path fo-.to stetp that one «au reasonably imagine a rctta who had lost bis footing going down the entire Blope of the hill ia a second or PO ; in tks time, that is, that it took Mr. Burwash to re-open his door. That, indeed, waa tho view Mr. Burwash himself first to k of the matter, and it », I suppose, the explanation that would recommend itself to any sane penen. Mr. Wendover, of courae, agreed with him. But, having a scarcely explicable doubt about the business lurking in his mind, the vic» took the very first opportun- ity of taxing Marshall, who ia usually a eober and steady man, with the almost unpardonable insults he had uttered over- night. Ia any case, and without the faintest eni-picion that anything pyschio had hap pened,.tUe vicar would h ave ¿lone so, though -not perhaps so promptly. This epportuoity of reproof he made in thc afternoon of Christmas Day. He found Mr. and Mrs. Marshall drinking strong tea together, and it oar ried out the commonsense theory of the affair that Marchall shonld have a headache- still, and have been quite unable to participate with any enjoyment in their simple bot of coarse extremely bilious Christmas meal. And he freely and contritely admitted he had been drunk overnight. But when Mr. Burwash proceeded with «orne heat to charge him with the filthy blasphemies of the previous evening Mrs. " - Marshall fired up indignantly. And then it was that the extraordinary side of this incident came td light. There waa the clearest evidence-evidence strong enongh to hang a man, indeed, if need had been that Marshall had never bren near the vicar's study at all on ChrütmaB Eve ; that the thing was-an absolute impossibility ; that, in fact, about half-past, eleven, half an hour before the apparition that if, he had been picked np nelpie sly drunk by Borne charitable ni ighbours about a conple ot hundred yards frc-m the Sevpn Thorne, carriel the whole mile and n half to hiB own home, carried into bi? own -kitchen, and damped clown there at thc very moment when hia almust equally inebriated doppel- ganger was ins-ulting the vicar three-quarters of a mile away. I tested f-ve-y link in the chain of evidence, a« I thonghn and not a link failed. Mrs, \- Marshall to:d me how the had gone to bed, being tired, and how when the good man failed to appear after half-past ten she had grown anxionf, and at last, hearing voices outside, h.vi i-nivered out of bed arid gone to the window. A Mr. Ted Apps, two brothers named Dargan, ono a b ack-mith and the other a -watchmaker, aud a Mr. Hethering- ton, a baker, wera wa'king' in a leisurely and voluminous manner along the road; singing j «a they walked. She knew Mr. Apps, and I opened the window and called to him. Shea asked him whether he had seen Marshall1.. At that the little party stopped and inter- ? rogated one another. They all distinctly remembered Marshall being et the Severn Thoma, and until she called their attention., to tbe matter bad had a vague i m pref BU a* that be was still, convivially, with them. Her wiWy anxiety being only too eviotncK. and they fall of that feeling of rai.tut! helpfulness that still, thank Heaven, dis- tinguishes oar homely country Christmas tide, it waa natural they should offer to" return for him. ' Aw ri, Miz Marshall, they cried one after the other, in a reassuring voies, and turned, and making the night cheerful with: Marshall's name, returned round tbe long," Minding road toward* the Sereu ThornB. All were seasonably inebriated, and no donbb they were now ecattertd distantly aud Bov- in an amiable knot together ai they reeled', along calling after Marshall ; but all dis- tinctly remember what was happening at the time. I have elaborately verified tbe Btory front all four of them. Everything WOH as txplloit: as evidence could be. ' 'Twarn't nart hun"" yards orf San Thorne,' said the blacksmith Dargan, ' that us found en. lhere 'e wa6« with 'is 'ed agsnst th' old feuoe and his* blessed owd white lega'-it was Mr. Mat- - shall'* weakness invariably to wear a peon harry light variety of oorduroy trousers-'a etickia' srfc,-jes' 'elpleas 'e was. 'Ad V' carry en every blessed yard, ui did. 'a warr. bad.Itell'e.' The otherscorroborated exactly. Marshall's* speech they agreed waa incoherent- shape- less in fact. Had he been able to surmount one impossibility and get np to the vioar's» study, it would bave been equally impossibles for him to have articulated a curse. Ot thatv they were all convinced. And I imagine that the procesa of carrying him borne alongr the dark road must have been a pretty severe teat of insensibility. " 'Didn't yon drop him?' I asked ot thew elder Dargan. ' Oh, we dropped 'e,' said Dargan reassur- ingly. ' We dropped en right 'nough. Andi lord 1 what a job we did 'ave, a picking of erv up-ta be sore-' And he proceeded to» give me a detailed narrât ve, BB he remem- bered it, ot the entire journey. ConsequentuponMp. Marshall's incapacity to walk. Mrs. Marshall bad to come dawn» and open the door in order that they might carry him ir. But being in a deshabille? that Bhe considered unbecoming, she stipu- lated that they should not-enter until abe* hid 1 ad time to retire upstairs again. As» tfcey came in, she held a candle over the* hamsters ar.d directed them whereto deposit their barden. Mr. Apps, being in a feBtlve* mocd, then demanded drinks round, but. the othera being soberer, overruled him, ands - after they bad retired she descended andi, locked the front door. Afterwards it woulcb seem that Mr. Apps returned, hammered at. the dcor and demanded-, drinki again. Twice or three times she said she was» alarmed in thia way, and then Mr. Apps» apparently abandoned his qaest. She laid great Btresa on the aggressive; behaviour of Mr. Apps, on aoccunt of tb er trouble about the missing sausages and), die mince pie to which I shall t-reBently allude. Aa Marshall rarely drank, and as* Airs. Marshall was a parson ot refined tastes* with a womanly horror of an intoxicated man, she did not go down to him in the» kitchen until the early morning, and them, abe found him, still in a drink-sedden deep, upon the hearthrug, with a pool of tteltedl enow about him. And there, what one may* cill the case of the alibi, ends, Strong? that case indisputably is, the reader must, admit. Now here we have an extraordinary con- tradiction between two perfectly credible^ stories. On the one hand two clergymen,, and ona a sceptic and even a scoffer ab* i psyohio experts, witness that Marshall wae> in one place, and on the other, four indispu- tably noneBt villagers and the man's owm wife testify as emphatically that he was in. quite another place. I sifted and weighed! every scrap of evidence, and conld see no- way to reconcile the two except by taking tha view Mr. Burwash took, and admitting; a belief in doppelgangere. Tothat effect I', finally reported to the Society. Altogether I gave the business a olear teven days. Only one alternative to that acquiescence seemed possible to nie, and tbat waa that tho>< vicar »nd bia curate, in spite of the altnosir vehemect assurance of Mr. Burwash, badi, sot seen Mart-hall at all. I spent three dayai< aeekinga colourable substitute for Marshall» a person who seen casually might have beera mistaken for him, and not one could I find». He had a noticeably long nose, a fresh com- plexion, and a large mouth. Even ia hiev cresa he waa distinctive. In view of the» fact that the light of the vicar's study felk fully on the face of the apparition, the mis- taken identity notion failed hopelessly aa am explanation. It waa doppelganger or noth- ing. Doppelganger, to my mind, seemerB. tte more o-edible climax. In the whole* Coerde of my oareer as a psyohio enquirer,. I had certainly never ooma apon any coule, phenomenon ao absolutely a tded and proven» thing. I ask the reader to stop at this stage to recapitulate tbe case aa I have stated it, andS to consider whether the proof does not seem» to be practically complete. No one at all j familiar with modern psyobioal re*ej»rcb» will find any discredit to the story'in the* absolute carelerBneii ai.d purposelessness off th» appearance. 1 need scarcely say what a hearty welcome» the Society, which waa naturally glad to» find ita existence jua ti fud, accorded to my personal conclusions. People who have» committed themselves to psychical researohH who have been called fool« and knaves for their cmioaity, cannot be expected to judge* too sceptically such a well-authenticated case aa mine. The case wa«, if I may use a» vulgar but vivid expression, flapped vigor- ously in the faces of onr detractors all over tbe world, and my own appearance at the» May meeting of the Society was, in its way" an ovation. And every inducement waa held cut to Mr. Marshall to " doppelgang again¿ CHAPTEtt II. Mention baa already been mada of toa/ Bev. Philip Wendover in connection with» thia story. Mr. Wendever belonged to that*, large, and, I fear I must write, prtjndioed, class, who will nat have psyohio phenomena», at any price. He was a fair, athletio young: man ; and be bad formerly been an assistant; master at Dincheater. To that I musk, ascribe his extraordinaiy facility with slang» which occasionally even affected his pulpit deliverances. From first to last, while E waa unravelling thia story, he had nothings but derision for me, in spite of bia being my most important witness. Indeed I quite* fi-skened of bia pet phreae of ' Tommy rot.' . What Tommy rot it au is r oe would BBy ic his riotous amiable way. '. Â grown mon " presumably Bane and educated, spending daya and days bun.ing the ghoBt of a deadt superstiticn for a lot of piffling old foolB itt. London. Why the deuce don't you dig,, man ?-do something useful Î You're strong;* eaonïh.' « Weil,' I would eay, « here are my facts. « Oh ! facts be jiggered I' he wou'd aay_ * Facts that prove doppelganging are facta E. have no retptct for,* ' Hut I have,' I would say. ' What be£Btly rot 1 You've got a fl iw aomewhere Yon know you have. If facts» prove arrant nonsense, it ehowB that there'a something wrong.' Then I would bssnn to state' my oaBP.. 'Show me the fliw,' I would say. ' « And Oirtctly I began to marshal my evidence, he would lose his brief temper and! begin to shout me down. Did I think ho had the time to go over every leaky tinpot; ghost Etoty in the country before he had a, right to disbelieve ? And I would raise ny voice to avoid being shouted down. ' If Marshell has a doppe'ginger let him* bring him up here in the daylight,' he* would say, and timilar illogical nonsense s offering to board and clothe tho two of theta for a year oat of his own meagre income, shouting extravagant promissory m frs at the doppelganger, and si forth, A-dti en" suddenly at the height of our skruting, he« would leave cff qui io abruptly, atare «av agely at his pipe, and ask me for a match, ' Have yon a matob ?" he u*ed to say, ast though that waa the thing that had driven Continued on Page 7. Continoed from Psge 6. bim to revolt. That, by a tacit understand- ing, suspended the quarrel. I would hand him a match tore-ligbt his pipe. Be wonld mike Borne indifferent remark at a tangent, and we would go on talking and smoking together like a pair cf bi others. Ihe row, when it must have eeemed to an eavesdropper on the point of blowp, wonld vanish befcre one could snap one's fiore-?. For his cholerío outbreaks, like my own, were M brief as they were violent, like tropical thunder- storms mere than anything else in the world. Kow after I had returned to my chambers in Hn'tam Strtet, I was eur prisca one after- noon in May by a VÍEÍÍ from Werdovt-r. I was collecting some tew and interesting evidence upon cryétal-g&zinpv.; that had rec-ntly come tb hand, when I beard him noisily ascend the ttuin). He came in with all the tumultuous violence of triumphant common sets?, shi nt it-g and Mewing, flung bis umbrella on a h bunted sofa I had on 1 .an under observa- tion, slapped down hid hat on ihe planchette, ai d sat in my ea y cba:r. 'Give me some tea my good mun,' he bawler1. ' And then I'll tell jon an eye-opener. Your doppelganger ! He'óh itt 1' I tried to be as ceo! and acrid as possible, though the irruption was certainly some- thing if a shock, and I begged him to let me know how the hoisting was accom- plished. And waving bis bread and butter at ree to accentufcte bis sun}', and ever and vanon drinking his tea noisily and eagerly, he told me thc true (¡tory of the Marshall doppelganger. * ïon know there was a thundering row blowing up about Mrs. Martha).'.- sausages and mince pie V be said. ' L:bel actions and all that V I remembered tho trouble quite distinctly -too distinctly indeed, for it waa a fide issue into which Mrs. Marshall was always rnnning, and which made Appa mepicious and re'netant utder exiraintti.irv The disappearance of these dainties on Christmas Eve from her kitchen I had always regardid as a troublesome irrelevance. So far as I had formed a judgment in that matter at all I had gone with the general sentiment of the village, and suspected Apps and his friends. For clownich thieving of ; that kind was just the fort of thing that would commend itself to the îusti; mind as a very good Christmas j ks indeed. ' What has the mince pie got to do with j the story ?' I said. ' Everything,' said Wendover, and he drank, winking at me over his teacup. ' Old Franks !' said Wendover, putting his cup aside and leaning forward as he »poke to touch my knee. * What of Frank« V I raid, for I had rever suspected that elderly sinner hud any connection with the case. ' Drunk 1' said Wendover. ' Drowsy tippy in the Keven Thorns, a week ago ; discussion running high on the great mince-pie and sausage question. Did Apps take 'em, or didn't he t Friend of Apps indignant, tried rnnning down Mrs. Marshall. ' Everybody knows Mts. Marehkll'B mince pies ate woree than her sausages, not worth stealing ; wouldn't have 'em at a gift.' ' Ain't they V eaye old Franks, hiccoughing and winking. ' That's all yon know,' said old Franke.' Wendover paused, looked at mc, took up two slices of bread and butter, laid them face to face, bit them enormously, and looked at me again. ' My good man,' I said, ' have yon come all this way from Suesexville to tell me that!' v. 'That and some other things,' said Wendover, disposing of the bread and batter. ' How do yon know V says Apps's friend. 'Never you miad,' caye ola Franks, appearing to realise ht'd made a slip ; and there, in spite of a few leading questions to I the old man, bis criticisms on Mrs. Marshall's ? mince-meat came to an end." ' Well,' I began. * Wait a bit,' said Wendoven When old Franks had gone, as he did rather quickly after that, the peculiar way in which he bad apeken was remaiked upon. Could it be that be had ttolen the minoe-pie in question 1 Occasionally he did odd jobs for Marshall, aa everyone knew, and it might be that sometime on Christmas Eve he had ventured-' ' Keslly, this pothouse gossip-' ' You wait, lt wasn't long before this little tu-picion came to ny care, and I must coafeesl didn't think very muon of it at the time, nor did I connect it with your wtll-authenticattd case. Who would 7 Bat going past Marshall's, whs shonld I see, aa I thought, but Marshall himself planting beans. He waa stooping down with his back to me, so that his aether garments formed most of the view.' 1 went to the wall and shouted, intending to have a quiet word with him about thia missing pie and sausage. He looked up end then I raw the mistake l\i made at once. It wasn't Marshall at all, but the excellent Franke, doing a bit of a job in a pair of Marshall's cast-off bree-k*. Ab 1-now yen Eic up 1 No men could be less alike about the head and face and complexion, I'll admit, tut seen-that way-well, there was really an astonishing resemblance. Easily be mistaken.' ' But the vicar-yen-both of yon said yon saw his face 1' ' Bo we did, and heard his voice. But the other gents in the case-drunk-dark night-' j That staggered rae for a moment. I'd never thought of a mistake in identity creeping into the case on that side. I conld j qnite imagine four dtunken men making such a mistake, but the point was, that even if Mrs. Marshall didn't see her husband's face overnight, she did the next morning. ' Kow, didn't you think that I've come up here with a story half told,' said Wendover, replying to thia oby. ction,4 because I haven't. I've simply settled the whole blessed question. It's a concession to your weaknees 1 know, but directly the poatible resemblance of sid Frants ta Marchall dawned on me. I determined I would olear up the muddle from end to end. I went to Franks and began to talk parochialism to him, and suddenly I hit bim on the ki.ee. 1 ' I know all about it, Franks, my man,' I faid. ' Own np 1' He knew me pretty wt-ll, and he looked at me for half a minute over these old glasses of hip. ' I wc n't tell a soul in fussexville,' I said. ' I promise on my bone nr. But how the deuce did you cet out of Marshall'* kitchen and hit him V I tupióse he saw the twinkle in my eye, ' ' He was in the little tool shed bard by tho water batt, Jlnëter Wendover,' he said, ' sn' his boots tonk off an' put ander the curraLt bashes as tidy as oud be. Couldn't wake Lim nohow. And the Fimw a-fallin' \- t wwzn't common charity not to leave en thet-r.' ' ' Yi u see V said Wendovcr. I saw only too plainly. ' They oarried home cid Franke, thinking it was Marshall-' ' While Mart-hall was swearing and cursing his way home by the footpath over th* hill.' ' And when Marshall did get home-' 4 Mr?. Marshall, tum in her faith that he was a I wa j s tafely, if pwiiidbly, depot-iced in the kitchen, let bim hammer and swear at hie own sweet will, putting it down to Apps r-nd lullitg the clothes over her head to deaden the rannds ' 4 Unhaj py ll rrh»ll,' I sa'd. ' Sti'l mure uchuppy investigator,' said the curate, tauntingly. ' Frank*, when h« earne to in the ema1! hours.' he added, 'theughts at first that he was ia heivht-it rhows what a conscience void of offence will do for you-h's last thought before lobing conf-cicn-necs having bren that he was dying ( nch being the rffont cf the cheaper spirit» at the 'Seven Thorns';, snl hi« first on resuming con acionpcesa was ihat he was dead. The moonlight was shining in through the frosty window, and it WHS cold hud spücioue and clean, as he'd been led to expeot Beaven wcu d be. And close to hi nd, os be fumbled abt nt, were sausagi s and a mince-pie. 4 OM Frank* »bowed the UMIM Sustes literalness. 'My frythetV We'.th mau« mannon?, say« I, and I'm damed if I ah.'i ina darn good un, says I,' was the way old Franks expressed ir. lt was only »her ha'd felt about and got the back door open with Ult ide» ot4 findin' the teat of 'co, and casu opon Marshall, that bit noddled brain began to grasp the realities of the case. Ile recognised the outside of the house, of course, better than the in. Ihe rest yoi infer.' - ' Humph !' I said, trying to find a flaw in his explanation. Ic was atrociously exas- perating, after I'd published the report, and when the Society was just making so much of me. He eat watching my conflict, so far as my face revealed it. 'Doppel- gängers I' he remarked, unendurably. I rose from my seat. I caught his hat and finn?, it violently across the room, am OD g the spirit photographs. Possibly I said this and that. I pitched the planchette beard into the fireplace, and then I attacked the available sheets of the report on crystalgazing that lay upon my desk. Whsn I had torn and crumpled several very violently, I waB abruptly calmed. I turned and found the curate and hie pipe ont, 1 Have yon a match, old chap'?'he said, with the utmost tranquility. " ' . I felt in my pockets and then handed him the tr ai ches from the mantel. Then, sitting down in the armchair by the fir?, I t< ok a pipe from the rack and followed his example. _ New South Wales has sent her men To di ive the BoerB from hill to glen, Old England's sons have not forgot Majuba Hill-that dreadful blot. They'll fight all weathers, fine or wet, Nor care for cold that they may get, Which knowing well they can endnre By taking Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. 