Comic- Cuttings* Docked Talcs.—Shortened stories. ' Always keeps Its IkuhU; before its face. A clock. • Women marry to get into society ; men to get out of It. A Fact.—The man who would try to stat) a ghost would stick at nothing. Cora : " Love is a strange-thing." Clara : "Oh, I don't think so.MI'tfo been engaged seven times." Definition.—" Faith," said the little boy after a week's study, " faith is believing something thut you know cau't be true. " A baby would be so nido to wheel around in a carriage, mamma. Dolls arc always getting broken when the carriage tips over. "Sliyboy, what made you change your ilodgingo?" "Why, my landlady gave me a moustache cup with ' Love the Giver' 011 It. " Say, boy, what did you kick that dog for 7" " He's, mad." " No, he isn't mad, either." " Well, if any one should kick mo I'd be mad." The Proof o't.—" Men never outgrow their childhood." "Alas, no ! Kxpcr ence begins whipping us even betoio our parents leavo off." So many gods, so many creeds, So many paths that wind and wind, While just the art of being kind Is all the sad world needs. " Why, Frankie, what are you reading In that book about bringing up children 7 " I'm Just looking to see whether I m being properlS' brought up." In Texas.—First Citizen : " That man Weylor is a reg'lar barbarian." Second Citizen : " That's just what ho Is. 1 d like to help to lynch him !" Different.—" I suppose your daughter I? just like mine—rather ride a wheel than tat." " Not exactly ; but she would rut her ride a wheel than cook." '■ " Hear about Tlinmins writing a poem to Dollle Fllptoe's foot 7" " No ; did he . " Y-eS, and when he read It to her her foot went to sleep—so she says." Old Gentleman : " Seriously, I don't mombor ever to have told a lie in all i»» life." Young Gentleman: "So? Weir do you know, I'm getting a little forgetful myself." t ... - .Young Woman (timidly, to shopman) : " I would like to look at some falao hair, please." Shopman (experienced) : "' Cer tainly, miss. What colour does your friend want ?"• " Bllklns has just returned." " Where has ho heen 7" "To Monte Carlo, to win . enough to pay his wedding expenses. " And tho wedding 7" " Has been post poned for two years." " "On tho right,", said a Kltlarney gul*<> to a party of tourists, " ye'!! Bee a co sea do called ' The Maiden's Tears,' and 011 the loft a cascade called ' The Widow's Tears,' eauso It dries up tho quickest." Tho Ruling Passion.—" Tho marrlugo ot the star and the leading lady has been clarod off, I hear." " Yes : they couldn t agree as to whoso name should bo flrst on tho' wedding Invitations." Nor " RoHC,"~nor " Maud/' nor "-Gladys^ can she claim; Plain " Sarah." Is my hoart-boloved s name J And when with song I woo the modest maul She coyly asks, "Is that aSaraU-node'! , Haskell : " TOnt'i Bobby crying for 7'■ Mrs. Haskell : " Oh ! the poor boy caught, hl.s linger In tho pantry door." Haskell . " H'm ! he ovldently didn't get tho jam hii wasjoolclng for that time." . "Do Fab more," said Uncle Ebon, "hot read de papers till It's hahd tcr sell 'em a cord brick. But many ob 'om goes ahaUl Jen' ex usual, b'llcvln' do politician dat telle* 'em dot bo's gwlnter mak hahd wubk ou? necessary;" Mr. Hayback : " That city feller w'ot'w a-vlaltln' here sei tliet Sally Sprlgglns wo 0 went from liens tew th' city la entirely unsumstlcnted." Mrs. Haytrack : flakes, tiie pore gal ! W'cu will they lta"> tow turn off th' gas lnstld uv blowln IV out 1" ' . . Wonderful Bruto.—I do think a.dog liaq a good deal of.Intelligence," said the man with tbo spaniel, " b&t; I am not so bad ai» Browne. He actually had tho nerve tovtetl mo that ho was thinking of studying Geri man, so that ho could talk to his wlfJ wituout tho dog understanding every word; he said." " Marian, hero's a dray stopping at our door'with a piano, and a sewing machine, and n parrot. Theremust bo a mistake In tho number." "No, dear, they belong tcf , our now- cook. She's a graduate of the. School of Cooking, and has kindly consented to try us." ■ . . r "It may bo a mere coincidence,' salcl[ . he thoughtfully. " I hope that such is tho case." "What's that 7" asked the otbe./ man. " Why, • oTery tlmo I call at the Joneson's I And the doormat turned so HiaC tho 'Welcome' Is upside down as I go la? and nil right as I start tor,the street."^ An Estimate.—"How long Is It going t« take to get through with this case?' anked( the client, who was under suspicion o» housebreaking. " WelC* replied tho younir lawyer thoughtfully, "It'll taKo me about, two weeks to get through with It, , but Ixa, afraid it's going to take you about four years." " George, you'll have to Bend soiheWody to fix the washboller. Jane came home lato last night and went out In the kitchen Ja the dark, and fell down tho ctllar stairs wlto the boiler and two lengths Of stove pipe. " That accounts for It." " Accounts for; what ?" " Accounts for my dreaming I was at a Wagner opera." / : Fond Mamma: "Why. you naughty, naughty boy l what aro you smoking that, vile (jlgaretto for ?" Hopeful : " I m goln. tor join tne Antl-Clgarotto Loague up to our, school." "Well, then, you inusn't smoke them 1" " Huh ! Think I'm goln' terMm nothin' but er high prlvlt 7 I'm goln ter reform, 'n' be president !" "Hero's the very picture of you, sir !'* cried the delighted nurse, dancing the flrst edition smartly up and down, " a _perfect Image of you, sir, even to the little scar on his chlu—do you notice the little scar off his chill 7" The editor of tho Jayvllle •Clarlnot" laid a finger thoughtfully upon his brow. " We will consider him, then, he said ' in a cravo professional tone, " as a marked copy." 