ELECTIONEERING TACTICS. LIVELY MEETINGS IN THE WARRNAMBOOL ELECTORATE. Mr. Q; A. Maxwell, if.Melbourne, hw entered the lists ia opposition to Mr. John Murray for the representation ol . vvarrnamboolin the Legislative Assembly. Mr. Maxwell ia already actively canvas sing tho constituency, and has held meet ings at the principal centres. There is considerable .bitterness between the sup porters of the rival cmdidates, and the champions of the sitting member are tak ing care that Mr. Maxwell's meetings are mado lively. He addressed a meeting at Woodford vin Saturday eveaing, and the disturbing element: was: there, in force. The following extracts are from the " Standard " report, and serve to show the nature* of the meeting :— ■ Mr. Maxwell.—A section of the elector! if they desired had a perfect right to bring another candidate into the field; In Warruarabool he was pressed for an ahs'wer why he opposed the sitting tnem ." Mr..O'Meally—lt would be better if you left him alone. . . . Mr. Maxwell—He had not the slightest' doubt it would be much better for him. (Laughter). He gave one o£ his reasons. He, was strongly in favour of Scripture education in State schools, and considered it of vital importance, and had advocated it for years. He then gave the statement attributed to Mr.' Murray on the-Parlia mentary bowling green— "I suppose-'we must go in and see what is Jo be done with this bloody Bible question ?" 'Boohoos). " ; Mr. Maxwell—He Was glad to see. that such conduct merited their disapproval. (Applause)., He was glad to see them bohoo 60, heartily such a feinark as this. (Applause). _~ • ; . A Voice—Mr. Murray denies it. .T_ .;.' • Mr. Maxwell—His proof .was a statu tory declaration which had been-made by Mr. Wishart. "This -was "the.subject of his opponents' third " dodger," and he was going to :: show how drowning men clutched at straw?. • (Laughter ■■ and* ap-. plause). Mr. Wishart made, a statutory declaration that on the 24th October—— A "Voice —Tliat was a Sunday. Mr. Maxwell—You are quite right. Well done ! I did not think you would have been able to compute it. A Voice—They don't hoH Parliament on Sunday. Me. Maxwell—fie is right again ; they don't. . On the occasion of the discussion of Mr.. Geo. Graham's motion on the Bible question, Mr. Wishart heard Mr. Murray's remark, and in writing out his declaration he stated definitely the occa sion when the remark was made, but by a slip of the pen The noisy section here boo-hooed and yelled and called for cheers for Murray. The great bulk of the audience remained quiet till the uoise subsided and Mr. Maxwell resumed Mr. Wishart had told them the occa sion on which these words were uttered (interruption). This was his object, and he was willing to lay the declaration be fore any. reasonable tribunal The noisy ones again obstructed the meeting, and the chairman requested. Constable Akeroyd to remove a young man at the back of the ball, which the constable did. ■ Mr. Maxwell said that surely he was entitled to give a fair reply to the "dodger" which had been put into his hands.. If a mistake in the. declaration bad been made as to the date bow did it affect tha question as to whether or not the particular words were spoken There was again a lot of noise by the " visitors'\ and again the .Woodford people took no part in it, Mr. Maxwell said he did not think he had ever met with such unreasonable op position It was only right that when a man was attacked- 1— i ."A Voice—We don't want any back-bit- Trig. ' Mr.' Maxwell—He would deal with his political .programme. A Voice—Where is Randall 1 Mr. Maxwell—That was the kind oi man who objected .to personalities. If the people of Woodford did not want to hear him he did not want to speak. A Voice—Get a pen that will not slip." Mr. Maxwell—When the Ministry came to go to the country— "-"■_. - A Voice—Read us the declaration. Mr. Maxwell—lf I did you would not understand it. The noisy element was again prevalent, and.Mr. Maxwell then asked for a show of hands from those in favour of hearing him.' A large number of hands were held up, amid applause, and Mr. Max well observed that it would be a fair thing for those who did not want to hear him to retire. No one left, but noise was kept up, and Mr. Maxwell said that he would briefly give them some of his political planks. He had always been a consistent Liberal; he was in favour of one man one vote; he was a Protec tionist ; he was in favour of factory legis lation; he was in favour of old age pen sions; he was in favour of Scripture education in State schools; and he was in favour of a capitation grant.from the. Government for each ebild educated up to the standard in the Catholic schools. * A Voice—You want'to catch "the Catholic vote. . Mr. Maxwell—He did not want.to eatch any vote— r. . . . - The speaker's voice was here drowned by uproar at the back, and Constable Akeroyd removed an elderly man from Warrnambool who bad been continually interrupting and Bhouting out. QUEBTIOKB. -•■.■-■ . The chairman said that the candidate would answer questions. Mr. John Sullivan, Purntm—Does the candidate think he has a ghost of a show ? Mr. Maxwell—ls tha questioner aa elector ? He bad found .that 'men who had been taking part in the disturbances were not in the electorate. ;-?-■ *": * •-•';>■'- A Voice (outside a windows-la the' xandidate in favour of making Woodford a seaport? - . - - ■-.. ,:-.^<.?i >i Mr. Maxwell—Yes ; and I would make that man harbormaster. (Laughter)^ [ A' Voice—Would the candidate" be ;Jn favour of introducing a Bill to deal with' lawyers and barristers who charge.,their, clients too much 3 ... '■■■; •• -■ ft.j'.V;-.. Mr. Maxwell—l wonder <-if: that is in old: client of mine. Ido an extensive criminal practice. (Laogbter). jv .- r- Mr. D. Hogan—la the candidate "in favour of the Orange procession on the 12th July. r " . ' Mr. Maxwell—l only intend answer ing questions that have a bearing on politics. I believe in the strict enforoe ment of the Party Processions Act. : ■ .:. After waiting a minute or two then were' no more questions and the chairman declared the meeting dosed.- One of Mr. Murray*• supporters then called for thre* cheers for him; and Mr. Maxwell move* a vote of thanks, to the chairman, whicl was carried with acclamation. .;■; ■■■'V:\ [Mr. Wi?turt has corrected the dab given:: in his statutory declaration re ferred to in the foregoing to 24th Norem ber, 1897, Instead of ?th October, 1897. 