The Grey Cavalier of Penterton Hall. liv ij'L'V JiOo'iiiiiV (Ant)i..r uf -Dv. Nil.«]«," i-.u\i M.I. Kulin s líh>i uvi h. CHRISTMAS at Pentorton Hall wa«, like tin» rite of matri- mony, a thing not to ho tak- en in hand "wantonly or unadvised- ly." It was a festive season which few. who had participated in it, are ever likely to forget. In the first place the old squire was not the sort of mau to stand any nonsense. Ho invited you. meaning that » ou should have a good time while you wore with him ; he welcomed you with the same intention : he looked after your comfort and amusements from th.» day that you entered his hospitable doors until you left them again . and if. when that sad moment arrived, vou departed with the opinion that Christmas at I'en tertou was not what it had been describ- ed, well then, you did what no other man bad been known to do before you. and deserved to suffer as such. Why. tho moro sight of tho Squire's jolly rod face was sufficient to make a man enjoy himself, to say nothing of his cheery voice, and inexhaustible fund of anec- dotes, which everyone had heard before, but which all longed to hoar again. As a host bo was one man in a thousand, and when you come to bis housekeeper and niece nrctty Winifred Dycio, well all you can say is that she is just one in a lu ill ion, and I don't mind who knows my opinion. How it carno about that tho oquire had never married bas never been pro however. 1 fancy there is some mystery perly explained : bi'tween ourselves, in the matter. There are not wanting neople indeed who assert that the Squire and his brother both loved and wooed Winifred's mother : that tho younger was successful, and that the Squire, like the trump lie always was, and always will lie, acted np to his principles, held out bis hand to bis rival and wished him joy. When, five years later. Winifred's father met his death on the field of battle, and his wife died of a broken heart on receiv- ing the news, he took ibo little orphan girl to live with him. and gave her every scran of bis great heart. No ono will ever realise bow much that couple loved each ot lier, hut many who have stayed at Pentorton can hazard a very good guess. If you were to liston to the old Squire you would hear tho most absurd stories about Iiis darling. Ho would tell you how, when she was only a tiny dot of five, she would accompany bim on his visits to tho kennels, and ck out old Rover and Roysteror from fifteen couple or more, and never cry or even whimper when the groat boasts fawned about ber, and endeavoured to put their paws upon her shoulder and try to lick her face. Ho would tell you the most extraordinary stories about her prowess in thc saddle, how, "by Gad, sir. she had ridden bis own pet hunter. Nimrod, on a certain, over to be remembered dav. when the hounds met at Pinkloy Gorse, and fairly floored the field, sir.'' And if the tel lin«' happened to be at night, it is a thousand to a sixpence that he would order np another bottle of port, one of tho very particular, by the way. and drink to tho health of tho sweetest maid who over wore a habit. I don't think i should be very far wrong in saying that. before «.ii,, w as t wein y sin. Inn! never íí.ven tli-'Squiiv a moment's tinliajl(iines:s. Thal union uuately was to runic, anil il was tin. coming 0i it that constitutes 1 his story. Needless to say. old Squire Dycie's niece was not lindy to Jack admirers. As a matter of fact they flocked in from all directions, until the Squire hogan to think that it would he wiser wore he to issue orders that no male should ho ad- mitted within his gates without a writ- ten permit from himself. They came from north, south, east and west, and to the Squire's prosit joy invariably went away disconsolate. How «ore they to know that her heart was already given, and. as is so often the case, to the very man of all others of whom the Squire was least likely to approve ? Handsome, devil-may-care Dick Beverley, the ruined Squire of Blicksford, was a charming companion of irreproachable birth and manners ; as a sot off. however, against those advantages, it was well-known that bo bad squandered bis patrimony, bad been rusticated from Cambridge, and was. in consequence, tho horror of virtu- ous mothers with marriageable daugh- ters for many milos around. That he should have fallon in love with nrotty Winifred Dycie seemed only natural, for they all did, but that she should have reciprocated his affection and have pro- mised to be his wife seemed to bo out of tho proper order of things. However, it was a fact, and one that was likely to cause a considerable amount of trouble for ail "-irties concerned, in the near fu- ture. Ono day tho young man screwed up bis courage and rode over to thc ball for an interview with the Squire. The latter listened to him patiently, and then spoke bis mind. "Impossible," bo said "quite impossible. What you ask is out of tho question." .' You mean, I suppose, that you have heard all sorts of things about me. That I am bard up and have been a bit wild. I don't den it. but if I give you my word that I will reform, and that I will not marry vour niece until I have set the old place on its feet again, will you accept that as sufficient proof of my love, and sanction our engagement ?" " I can sanction nothing," the Squire answered. "I can only repeat that what you ask is impossible." " Entreaty will not move you?" "Nothing will move me," the other re- plied. " My mind is made up." Seeing that it was useless to say any- thing further. Dick bade him good-bye, and that night, at a stolen meeting, in a wood behind the Hali, informed Wini- fred of what had occurred at the inter- view. Some meddlesome person told the Squire of the meeting, and he spoke to his niece upon the subject. She con- fessed lier love, and vowed tiiat without young Beverley, life for her would be a blank. Then the Squire lost his temper, and said things for which I can assure >-ou he was sorry afterwards. The result was a misunderstanding and a tiff, which on the Squire's part took the form oí a letter to the young man in question, warning him to have no intercourse with his daughter. Winifred, under the pam of his. the Squire's, severest displeasure. In less than a month he bad come to bato tho youix" mau as he had never hated anyone in bis lifo before. His very nan.e was an abomination to him. What was moro, be shepherded his niece more closely than over, and seldom allowed her out of his sight. In conscuonce the lovers were not permitted to moot, and Winifred began to look pale and heavv-evod. and lifo at the Hall was tho reverse of cheerful. There could be no doubt that the affair was causing tho dear old Squire a great amount of misery. Ho was not the same man at all. --o had no desire to be un- just, nor. bad he considered youn<r -ever le*- a suitable match, would he have stood in tho way for a moment. As a matter of fact ho did not know much about him personally, and what little he did know was told him by busybodies who doubt loss had their own rpasons for desiring to prove tho voung fellow a villain of the deepest dye. On ono "itiahlc occasion, he was driven into saying something which at any other time ho would rather have cut bis tongue out than have utter- ed. When be left tho drawing-room, where tho interview had taken place, and returned to his own room. Grogorv. in's ancient butler, informed him that Mrs. Gibbs, tho housekeeper, desired to speak to him. "Send lier in. send her in." said tho Squire a little sharply, for he was not in the humour for domestic worries. Then to himself be added: "What on earth can tho woman have to say to mo!-" lt turned out that Mrs. Gibbs's errand was of a peculiar nature. A domestic crisis was imminent and chaos reigned in the servants' hall. Put into "Iain words it amounted to this; the Groy Cavalier, the famous Pentorton ghost, who was known to paco the quadrangle at tho back of the house when any great trouble was about to happen to tho fami Iv. had made his appearance on three occasions of bite and had bpon plainlv soon by a footman, a lady's maid, and a housemaid. The footman bad been reduced to a state of collapse, the females to a condition of idiocy. According to their 