CONNUBIAL BLISS. MOTHERS OF XHOLAHD. Better Unn oollege honours, Better than platform applause, Xs to ba the mothertrf gallant men Guarding Great Britain's shores. Better than Woman's Suffrage. , Bettor than visible might, Is a mother's hand on the son'* life helm. Steering his coarse aright. Setter than huIbaIam nAmimMt. Better than pnbUo aeolalm, Ib to live again In a noble son, ?» True author of his/Mna. . ' Mothers, dear mothm* of England, Best bulwarks *f Britain's shore, Guarding our country *o greatness, 'With your motherhood strong and pure. Arming «ur English manhood With Uts breastplate of your lov«, With the sword df national righteousness, Tbe hehuftt of prayers heard above. Mothers, dear mothers of England, Tbe angpls might envy your might, The might of a woman's weakness When blent with the courage of right. ++ AJST ABSENT MAN'S WEDDING DAY. When John Kemble, the gnat tragedian, was married, he went to the theatre in the evening, and acted as usual, and it was re marked, with as much self-possession and tranquility as before. This was a great proof of the wonderful command that John Kemble had over all the springs of passion, quelling or pouring them forth at will; but the real fast was that he haft forgotten all about tbe marriage, for after the play was over, instead of going home to his new bettor-half.and the friends who were waiting to take a parting « glass, and wilh him ever so much happiness, he went to his bachelor's home; and the friends -were astonished when ten o'clock came, and he was to be at home, that no John arrived, neither at eleven or at twelve. Off to the theatre three of them sallied. ' Mr. Kemble left at half-past nine.' ' Where did he go to, sir f ' ' He was driven to the Temple.' Perhaps he had gone to take a, garoon's ? -w, «- nw iujguu^ jfli, j.umuy over the remains of the bachelorhood. Arrived ?t the door ot the chambers, the bell was pulled once, twice, thrice, with no result, and they were on the point of going away when the window opened, and the great John asked, aa he might of the ghost of napa Hamlet. ' Who in then V ' Why, Kemble, wbat are you doing there ? We have been expecting you these three hours, and your wife, Mrs. Kemble, is distracted,' ' ' My wife ?' replied John. 'What f Yea, I remember. I had forgotten it ' . And the innocent John soon let in his friends. Quite forgetting the morning's engagement to enact the part of husband for life, he had gone home to bed, tallowed his noBe, and was quietly tucked in for the night. What Mrs. J. K. said when he was brought home ... deponent said not. . ♦♦ ? Mrs. Gadd— I saw y'r husband on th* street yesterday. He looked yory solemn, I thought. Hss he got religion T Mrs. Gabb- No-o ; it's only dyspepsia. A henpecked husband said in extenuation of his wife's raids upon his scalp, ' You see she takes her own hair off so easily, she doesn't know how it hurts to have' mine pulled out.' - ? . ? ? ? +.???;?? A Bible expounder, in speaking of Adam, said: .?' When Adam awoke from Ills first sleep he discovered Eve. ]L may Uere be apropos to remark, that he was 'ontbeevo of a great discovery.'' Bnt it turned out that Adam's first deep wss his last repose.' When Brigham Young receive-! the boxes containing the .important silk dresses 'and cashmere shawls for bis thirty wives, he said to a friend: ' Ah, if you knew the cost of these goods you would not believe for a mo uient that I practised polygamy as an earl hly pleasure. No, sir! it 1b with me a stem duty.' ' ? ++ 'Henry,' cried Mrs. Von Toodles, grasp-.' ing her somnolent husband by the arm. ' Henry, there are bnrglare in the house. Get up and go down.' ''Otter nonsense, my dear,' returned Henry. ' You wouldn't have a man of my social position associating with burglars, would you 1 You astonish me.' ' ? ++ In King George U's time Lord E married three wives, who were all his ser vants; a beggar woman meeting him one day in the street, made him a very low curt sey. .?.-'? 'Ah, God Almighty dIbbb you,' said she, 'and send you a long life; if you do but live long enough I may be lady E ? .' . . . ??'?[.' ?: *?♦?- . ~ ?. :?- Domestic Troubles. — 'A nice husband you are!' asid Madame In a passion. 'You care less about roe than about those pet animals of yours. Look what you did when your pooule, Agor, died.' . Husband (quietly): Well,I had him stuffed. Wife (exasperated): You wouldn't have gone to that expense for me— not youi in deed.' A nobleman went to a pawnbroker to borrow a thousand pounds upon his wife's jewels, and Baid, ' I want you to take the stones out of the settings and put falBO ones in their stead, as I do not want my wife to ., know that I have pawned them.' ' You are too late,' said the pawnbroker ' for I purchased the real stones of my lady m jour ngu. .? 'The whisper of abeautiful-woman,' says Balzac, ' can be heard further than the loudest call of duty.' ? . ?? But the man who is creeping upstairs; with his boots off, at two o'clock a m., and hears the whisper of his wife as he leans over the banistare, in the darknesB, doesn't think of her beauty. HiB chief thought is how muoh he would like to exchange his boots for a pair of wings. Infantine Innocence ? Little Ada and her mamma are in the brougbam, with j net about one second to spare in order to catch the train at the station. Lisette, the lady's maid, is closing the carriage door. Ada in siats upon getting out again; she has not kissed her paps. She is forcibly detained and assured there is not time. ' Very well, then, Lisette, you go to papa; give him one of your sweetest kisses, and tell him I hadn't time to come myself.' A ohlld, while walking through an art gal j lerywith her mother, was attracted by u 1 statue of Minerva. ' Who is that? ' said she. . ' My child, that is Minerva,the goddess of I wisdom.' ] ' Why, didn't they make her husband, I too?' j ' Because she had none, my child.' I 'That was because she was wise, wasn't I it, mamma? ' was the artless reply. I 