TOM OSSINGTaK' GHOST. (By RICHARID MARSH). CHAPTER V. A REPRESENTATIVE OF LAW ANX ORDER. The next morning, information was given to a passing policeman of the events of the night, and in the course of the day an officer came round from the local station to learn the particu lars. Madge received himn in solitary state; she had refused Ella's offer to stop away from business to keep her company, declaring that for that day, at any rate, she would be safe from undesirable intruders. The offlicer was a. plain-clothes man, middle- aged, imperfectly educated, with the stolid, matter-of-fact, anther stupid- looking countenance which one is apt to find an attribute of the detec tive of fact, rather tlhan fction. "You say you didn't see him?" "1 saw the back of hinm" "hlum!" This stands-for a sdi-t of a kind of a sniff. "Would you know him if you, saw him again?" "From the glimpse which I caught of him last night 1 certainly shouldn't. It, was pretty dark, and tihe was twenty or thirty yards down the road When I first caught sight of his back." "You didn't follow him?" "We did not." \- Badge smiled as she thought of hoi such a suggestion would have been re ceived had it been made at the time; "lie camne in through the back win dow and left through the front?" "That's it.,":' "And he took nothing?" "No--but the left something behiind him-he left this." Madge produced the half-sheet of. paper which Ella, had picked up from the floor. "You're sure this was his.property?" "I'm sure it isn't ours, and I'm sure Awe found it in this room just after he left it." The officer took the paper; read it, turned it over and over; looked it up and .down; read it again. Then he gave his mouth a rather comical twist; then he looked at Madge with eyes wiheh dihe probably intended to be preg nant with meaning. "Hiumn!" He paused to cogitate. "I suppose you know there's been a. burglary here before?" "I know nothing of the kind. We have only been here six weeks, and are quite, straingesrs to the place." "There was. Something more than a year ago. The house was empty at the time. The man who did it was caught at the job-and our chap got pretty well knocked about for ibis pains. But that wasn't the onlt :time we've had business at this house; our fellows have been here a good- many times." 'Neither my friend or I lftd the slightest notion that the house had such a reputation." ,,.,:..' "I daresay not. .It's been. einpty a good long time. I expect the 'stories which were told about it were against its letting." "What sort of stories?" : "All sorts-nonsense, most of them." "Were. the ' people who lived, here named Ossington?'? "Ossington?", '- he, police officer. screwed his mouthl up into the comical twist which it seemed 'l hal' a trick: of giving it.; "I :elieve it was'. or at any ratle. something like--it. A queer lot they were-very."' "Do you see wlhat's wiitten ans a heading on that.piece of paper ?" .' The oflicer's glance 'retumied to the writing. "'Tom Ossington's Ghost!c-ye"?;3', noticed it. but I don't knbow whab:it means-do you?" - "Except. that: if the' name', of, the people whoi lived leret last .was Ossing: ton,. it would: scenm -as if last niglt's alffair had.' some '.reference to -:tllhe house's former occupants." "Yes-it would loo;i as: if i it bhadL when you come to look att it in' thit way." ITe was stildying'"it is sif sow he had. made noup l-is -minid to under stand it clearly. "It looks'as if.t was some sort :.of cryptogram;: and :yet 'it mightn't be-it's, hard 'to tell." ,He:le wagged' his.heaid. :' ll take, itto iour chalis, and see .ih~at they can make'of it. Some me inare bettei.it atthis sort of thing than- 'others." Folding "fup tli? paper 'lie placed it in liis' pocket-book. "Am I to understand that you calin.give no descriptiori of the:.h urgIlar-that there's no one you suspect?' "I don't know ,that it amounts ' td suspidion - iut there was a in-:narhng ing albout here in r atherina singular fas hion whom I can't help thinlkingmight have had a. finger in the 'pie." "Can you describe thiin?" "H?e was about my, hiiight-'I'm dfive feet six and a. half- thick set, and . noticed hlie walked in' t soot of "rolling way; I thought lhe was driunk ai'first, but I don't: believe. he w-as.' :He;kepit his hands'in -.his trousers poekets, and the was very shaibbily dressed, in, an!old black: coat-I-'lelieve .you call, theni Chesterfields-iwhiclh nasr .butttoned down the 'front'.right up to the chin I doubt if he had a waistcoat; a paii of old patched trousers and I'm under the impression that his boots were,odd ones. He had an old black billycock list, with no bInd on, cramnined'over his eyes, iron-grey hair, and a -fortniglt's growth of whiskers on his cheeks and chin. He shad a half impudent,' half hang-dog air-altogether just the sort of person to try his hand 'at this sort of thing." "I'll take down that description- if you'll repeat it." She did repeat it-and lie did take it dowun. "vith irritating slowness. When she had finished he read what he had written, tapping his teeth with the end of Ibis pencil and looking most impor tant. "I shouldn't be surprised if you've laid your finger on the very man--and if we lay our fingers on him before the day is over. You will excuse my say ing, miss, that you've got the faculty of observation-marked. I couldn't have given a better description of a chap myself-and I've been a bit lon ger at the game, than you have. Now I'll just go through the place once more, nnd then I'll go; and then in due course you'll hear from uts again." IIe did go through the place once nmore-and lie did go. "Now,' observed alndge to herself, as she watched him going dosv tlhe road, " all that remains, is for us in due course to hlear from you again-to some effect-nnd that, if you're the sort of blunderbuss I take you to be, will be never." 'urning from the window, she look ed about the room ,speaking half in jest and half in earnest. "This is a delightful state of things -truly! It seems as if we couldn't hlave found a more undesirable hadita tion, If we had tried Petticoat Lane. Not the first burglar that's been in the place! :\nd the house well known to Ihe police-not tc speak of a sinister reputation in all the ecentry side! Charming! Clover Cottage seems to be an ideal place of residence for two lone, lore young avomen. 'lThe abode of mystery, and, so far as I can make out, a sink of crime, one wonders if it still waits to become the scene of some ghastly murder to give to the situation its crowning touches. I shiver--or, at any rate, I ought to shiver--when I. reflect on the horrors with which I may be, and probably am sur rounded!" Ella returned earlier than the day before, and, this time, slie 'came alone. The question burst from her lips the instant she was in the house. "Well, has anything happened?" "Nothing-of importance. It's true the police have been, but as it appears tlhat they've been here over and over again. before, that's a trifle. There's been at least one previous burglar up on the premises, and it seems that thle house has blien known to the police and. to the whole neighbourhood --for years, in the most disrepiutable pos sible sense." Ella could but gasp. "Madgel" Tihe stnteanents which the officer had made were" retailed, with comments and additions--and, it may be added, interpolations. Ella was more im pressed, even than Madge had' been- being divided between concern and in dignatibn.o: "To think that we should have been inveigled into taking such a place! We ought to claim damages from those scamps of agents who let it us -withiout?aisword of warning. You can't think how I have lieen worrying about you the whole day long; the idea of our being together in the place is bad enough, but the idea of your being alone in it is worse. What that police man has said. settles it. Jack may laugh if he likes, but my mind is made up. that I won't stop a moment, longer in the-house than I can help; the no tion of your being all these hours alone here would worry me. into the grave if nothing else did-and so I shall tell him when he comes." Madge's manner was mtore equable. "He. will laugth at you, you'll find; and, unless I'm in error, here he is to do it." As she spoke there was a vigorous knock at the front door. CIIHAPT1TER VI. TiM.l LONG ARM OF COINCIDENCE. Go,: said Ella, as she hastenied from the room; "and open the door, while I go upstairs and take my 'hat off." ladge did as she was told. There 'ere two persons at the door-Jack Martyn and another. "This," said Jack, referring to his companion, "is a friend of mine." It was dark in the passage, and Madge was a little flurried. She per ceived that Jack had a companion, and that was all. "Go into the sitting-room', I'll bring youn l. hanip aiii mifite.. Ella has gone to take ,her hat off." Presently, returning with the lighted lamp in lher hand, placing it on the table, she glancedl at Jack's companion -aiid stared. ' In her astonishment, shed all but knocked the lamp. over. Jackllaughed:: "I :believe," he said, "you .two have met .before.":i-,"" . ,f[adge continued speechless. She passed' her lhand before lier eyes, 'as if to mdlke sure she .was not dreaming. Jack hlaughed again. "I repeat that I believe you twvo have met before."' 4 '1sadge direw liherself, up to: hre straightest and her stiffest. Her tone '' es; I .iather believe w ?ne bI e'" i -Shue: : itlier:b'elievaed they' lTid ?-If! she .cold 'credit the evidence of her [ own eves tIhe man in front of heri was the stranger ,who had .so unwarrant ably ,iiitruded on 'pretence 'of: seeking music .lessions-w'lio had lehaved. i n:so extraordina'ryJ a fhasliosil " "'This," i.weuit on'. Jack airily, "is a friend. of: mine: Bruce Gramham,-Gra ham, this is Miss Brodie." Madge 'alckiowledged the introdue tion' with' an inclination of the head whichi was so faint as to be almost im perceptible.i Mr. Graham, on the con trary; bent almost double-he seemed scarcely more at his ease than she was. "I'm afraid, Miss Brodie, that I've behaved very badly. I trust you Will allow sme to express my contrition." "I beg you not to mention it," she turned asvay; "I will go and tell Ella you h]lave colme."?,. ¶.There came ,a voice from behind her. "Y'ifiileedn't-Ella is tware of it al ready .':it..: - - . . i Ai 1'Ella came into: the room; she moved :to:leave it.. Jack caught her by theaiirm: o ""Madgei don'tgo- away in a fume! ydu 'ivaitm till?y'oun' have heard what I hae got to s:?y?.' Do you know.that 'n'rerstanding ini the presence'of a ro niance ii real life--on thle verge of a blood-rcirdliing mystery? Fact!-aren't .ve, Graliam?". l:r.-Gra 'i-n 's' language nrs slightly less' empimtie:' ...:": "\\\e are, or rather we may be con fronted by iather a curious condition of aff'airs."": Jaciik waved his arm excitedly. "I say it's the most extraordinary thing. , Now, honestly, Graham, isn't it a. most extraordinary thing?" "It. certainly is rather a striking il lustration of the long arm of coinci dence." "Listen to him. Isn't he cold blooded? If you'd heard him an hour or two ago, lie was hot enough to melt all the ice-cream in town. But you wvait a bit. This is my show, and I'll let you know it. Sit down, Ella-sit down. ,Madge--Graham, take a chair. To yon a. tale I will unfold." Taking up his position on the hearth rug in front of the fireplace, he com menced to orate. "You see this man. His name's Gra ham. tie digs in the same house I do. To be perfectly frapk, his rooms are on the opposite side of the landing. You may have heard me spenlc of him." "I have. Often!". T'his was Ella. "HIave you? You must know, Gra hanm that there are frequently ocea sions on which I have nothing what ever to talk about, so I fill up the blanks with what I may call padding. 1 say this, because I don't want you to misunderstand the situation. This morning lie lunched at the sanme crib I did. Directly lihe came in I saw that he was below par; so I said-I always am a sympathetic soul-'I do hope, Gra hamn, you won't forget to let me have an invitation to your funeral-and, in the meantime, perhaps you'll let me know of what it is you're dying?' Now, lie's not, one of those men who wear their hearts upon their sleeves for daws to peek at-you know the quotation, and if you don't, 1 do; and it was some time before I could extract a word from him, even. edgeways. But at last he put down his knife and fork with a clatter-it was distinctly with a clatter- and lie observed. 'Martyn, I've been misbehaving myself.' I was not surprised, and I told him so. 'I'm in a deuce of a. state of mind because I've been insulting a lady.' 'That's no tling!' I replied.- 'I'm always insult ing a lady.'-I may explain that when I made that remark, Ella, you were. the lady I had in my mind's eye. At this point. I would pause to inquire why, Miss Brodie, you did not take me into your confidence yesterday ofternoon?" "I did." "You did not." "I did." "You told me about the lunatic lady, because, I suppose, you could not hlelp it-since you were caught in the act but you said nothing about a lunatic gentleman." He wagged his finger portentously. "Don't think you de ceive me, Madge Brodie-I smell a. rat and one of considerable size." "Jack do go on."/' This was Ella. "I will go on-in any own way. If you bustle me, I'll keep going on for ever. Don't I tell you this is my show? Do:you want to queer it? Well, as I was about to observe-when I was interrupted-Grahaln started spinning a yarn about how he had: forced his way into a house, in which there was a young waman all alone, by herself, anid, so far a.9 I could make out, gone on awful. 'May I ask,' I said, beginning to think that his yarn smelt somewhat fishy, 'what house this was?' 'The place,' he replied, as cool, as a. cucumber, 'is called Clover Cot tage. 'What's thatl' I cried-I al most jumpea out of my chair. 'I say that the place is called Clover Cottage.' I had to hold on to the hair of my head with both my handsh. 'And where abouts may Clover Cottage be?' 'On' Wandsworth Common.' When he said that, as calmly as if he were aMking me to pass the salt, I collapsed. I dare say lie thought that I'd gone "mad." "I began to wonder." This was Graham. "Did you? Let me tell you, sir, that as far as you are concerned, I had long since passed the stage of wonder, and had reached the haven of assur ance. 'Are you aware?' I cried, 'that Clover Cottage, Wandsworth Common, is the residence of the lady whom I hope to make my. wife?' 'No,' I screamed, 'good lady!' I fancy the waiter, from his demeanour, was under the impression that. I was about- to fight; in which. case I should have' proved myself mad, .because, asj you perceive for yourselves, the man's a morster. 'It seems to me,' I said, 'that if the lady you insulted wits not the lady whom I hope to make my wife, it was that lady's friend,: whliich is the same lhing-' " "It is?" interposed Ella. "You hear him,: Madge?" ? hear." " 'Which is: the same thing,' " con tinued Jackl:: "'And therefore, sir, I must ask you:to etplain.' He'. 'ex plained. I am boind to admit that he explained there and then. ie. gave me an explanation which I haver no hesitation in asserting"-Jack, holding his left ,hand out in front of him, brought his right fist solemnly down upon his open palm-"it was the most astonishing I- evei- heard. It. shoWvs the hand of Providence; it shows .that the age- of miracles is not yet p?ast it shows-":' Ella cut the orator short. "Never mind.what it shows ;. hat's the explanation?" . Jack shook?:hisiheadsadly. : "I was abou't: to point. out several other things whIichl that explanation shows, with' a: view, as' I might phrase it, of improvitgl the occasion, but, hav ing been: ihterrupted) fotr' the third time, I refraini. The explanation: it self you will.hear fromn Graham's own lips-.after tea. " ,iIe' is here for' the purpose of giving yout that explana tion-after tea. .I believe, Graham in am correct in :saying: so?" "Perfectly. Only, so far as I: at concerned, I am ready to give myaex planation now.' I cannot but feel that I shall occupy an invidious position in, at any rate, Miss Brodie's eyes. iitil' I have explained." - (To be Continued.) 