SCENES OF BATTLE. SHATTERED OOLENBO. FREE LIST ENTIRELY SUSPENDED. NO ONE ALLOWED TO PASS. (By Our Natal Special Correspondent.) Durban, May 11. Although the town of Ladysmith has been, relieved of a state of siege for more than a couple of months it is on'ly by obtaining u special permit that anyone is allowed to buy a railway ticket for that place. Should a civilian be found in the town without a military pass certifying .that he has a right to be there, the in dividual is hauled before a magistrate, duly punished by fine or imprisonment, and af terwards expelled. Many friends are very anxious to visit the scenes of the fight ing around there, but have no wish to do j so in an unauthorised manner. Appli- j cations for !t'he necessary permission to the commandant of Durban are productive only of a reply conveying regrets at his in ability 'to grant requests without the prior consent of the Provost-Marshal at Lady smith. Colenso is the limit o£ free tra vel. . Colenso stands at about 3,200 ft. above sea level, and chough the summer lias hardly gone, yet on arriving there recently juat before 5 a.m. I was so thoroughly cold and hungry that I have felt ever since sym pathy with tie Boers, who are enduring this discomfort every niglit, without cover, and, generally speaking, with a very poor stock of clothes. On the veldt close by was a tent where a couple of Jews, who sold cofFee and enitabies, kept open house all night. I went in search thereof, but was bailed up in the dark by a sentry, who, after the usual challenge and reply, ordered me to advance and give tlie countersign. I explained my inability to do so. After some hesitation he advised me to get back to ifahe station. He didn't say it pleasantly either, so I took his tip. However, it was soon light enough to al low me to go safely in search of the hotel. Here was my iir3t view of the effects of Boer occupation. T'hey had made this their headquarters while the village was in their hands, and when the proprietor re turned he found the place in wreck and confusion. The doors and window frames had been broken and used for fire wood, while the furniture had been stolen or destroyed. The dining-room was quite destitute of any ornament, and at breakfast the landlord spoke with a very keen regret of a splendid collection of horns and heads and curios of different sorts, with which the walk had been previously covered, and8 which had cost him much time and money to get together. Not a vestige of them was left. Indeed, the only thing left behind was'the usual quantity of dirt (whidi the Boers would appear to like to have constantly around them) and the obscenity they were able to write upon the walls. EFFECTS OP BOMBARDMENT. Of the few houses which constituted the township of Colenso fully one-'half have suffered from the effects of the Boer bom bardment. Seme of them were merely a heap of bricks and broken wood. I strolled down the waggon bridge over the Tugela, out of which. our forces had knocked the centre span with artillery fire from a dis tance of about three miles in or der to hamper . the .Boers in their efforts to cross. the .river. The engineers had replaced the ironwork by a temporary structure of wood% and the bridge was now available for traffic, but a sentrv posted there refused to let anyone cross* who did not carry a pass from the Commandant. The gentleman mentioned proved to be quite different to all the mili tary men I "have previously met so far, in that he was neither rude nor bored on hearing what I wanted, but, after making a few enquiries, he wrote out the neces sary pass for your correspondent and a friend to cross -to the north bank of the Tugela. Ort reaching the river we had a look at the ruins of the railway-bridge which the Boers destroyed in their retreat. This was a fine iron structure of five spans on substantial stone piers. Each span had been lifted off the pier at one end, and as that end fell into the river bed a depth of about 40 feet it had smashed the strong girders, ties, rails, and all into a tangle, vihieh rendered the whole thing for ever useless. Three of the piers remain intact, but one was so badly shattered by the explosives used that our people had -pulled it down to prevent it falling, and possibly doing damage to the wooden structure put up alongside, and over which trains were running within, a week from the time when it was safe for the workmen to begin its erection. Considering that this bridge is close ui>on 200 yards in length this was very creditable. The trestles, which are about 40 ft. high, and stretch at the bot tom about the same length, had previously been prepared by the railway department in Durban. They were sent up in parts. As a foundation many hundred bags of cement had been placed in the river. Upon these the trestles stand, and the bridge itself is pronounced by people who should know to 'be good enough to carry the traffic for a year or two. The iron to replace the one destroyed is now being delivered, and ail traces of the Boer hancirwork will soon have vanished into the limbo of things for gotten. BRAVE NATAL VOLUNTEERS. On the footbridge just alongside we found another .sentry, WDO, after a \ery careful scrutiny of-our pass allowed us to proceed. At the north end of the bridge is the hill called Fort Wylie. On this, in the early stages of the war, the Natal Naval Volunteers built a breastwork, cleared a small space for their old muzzle loader guns, and prepared to resist the Boers in their progress south. One night a messenger came there with orders for them to go and leave everything behind. Both officers and men, however, objected to abandon their pop-guns (though the only use the Boers would have had for them would have been to send them as curios to the Pretoria Museum). They de cided to make an attempt "to take them away. No sooner, however, was the first gun dragged to the slope of the hill than it broke loose, made two or three bumps, and was smashed up very badly. The men. scrambled down and got the gun it self, 'but the tram lies there still, and the wheels are in the mud of "the river-bed. The Boers afterwards occupied this posi tion, and frotn it made good rifle practice at Oolenso. The crests of all the hills lin ing the river-bank were ornamented by the inevitable stone wall. Standing at Colen so itself, miles of it can be seen forming the'skyline of. the first range of hills. Going down the (back of Fort Wylie, and across-a bit of level grqfund, we came to a hill known as.Eailway Hill, and here was a beautiful example of THE BOER METHOD OF DEFENCE. All over the face of it, and right to its top were short lengths of stone wall, built, of the small boulders which had covered the whole hill. Ttiese walls ranged from 5 to perhaps 20 yards in length, and were placed, not in raws, but promiscu ously. evidently as each few men decided for themselves. I should imagine, how ever, t'hat the idea was am excellent one. A rifle fire therefrom would be very effec tive, and, in the event of being compelled to retire the Boers would 'be able to dodge from wall to wall, and over the ridge. In addition there was a trench running rigfht up the side of the hill, evidently to serve the same purpose. At a later dftte our artillery was posted here as was evi dent from t'he number of shrapnel pluga lying around. BOER IXGEnTjITY. Shortly after getting- over this hill we found ourselves in the vicinity of the river, which, after leaving Colenso, makes a big bend to the north. Here we had an op portunity of seeing examples of the enemy's ingenuity ana skill. The first was an aerial tramway. On either bank of the river they had cut a tree down, and stayed it with a wire stay to another far ther back. Then a wire rope was stretched across the river, and a cage was slung on tlhe wire. By this means they were able to transport all their small packages safely to the south bank. Lower down they had a punt, wWcli was pulled to and fro by a wire rape, for w'hicli purpose they had fixed a windlass on eacli side. The last load carried on this was a trolly with am munition which by some means got upset into the river. The ammunition was after wards taken ouit by our people, but the trolly is still to be seen partly submerged. The Boers' greatest triumph of engineer ing skill was to be seen a few hundred yards lower down in the Shape of a bridge constructed entirely of railway materials. Just at this place there is an irregular rocky bar extending across the greater part of t'he river bed, and, doubtless, it was for that reason the spot was selected. The railway near 'here was, of course, in the enemy's 'hands, and they did not wish to destroy it. They wanted sleepers, and overcame tie-difficulty by removing each a3terna,te one for a considerable distance. iThey; then, laid yrtiat-would be reall^-fee a line of rails with 'tfhe sleepers attached,] across the river, and made a serviceable bridge of it by laying sleepers close to gether on the top of the rails, and bolting them thereto. The ends of this bridge were jammed against the rocks of the river bank on either side, and in its length it was arched, perhaps, 20 ft. to withstand the force of the current. If it was a Boer idea it says more for their constructive abilities t'han I should have given them credit for. I think it must have originated in the 'brain of some of t'heir foreign mercenaries. Just below t'liis are the Tugela Falls, where the river pours over a ledge a'bout 40 ft. high. At the time of our visit it was fall-1 ing in seven cascades of about equal size, j and at very equal distance, forming a pretty picture, but one which, if it had been truthfully represented on canvas, would have been, condemned by the majo rity of people as unnatural from its very regularity. Leaving the river we struck away to another position, which was held by the Boers until quite-a la'te date, and from the quantity of meat tins, biscuit- boxes, bul lock bones, milk-tins, sheepskins, cigarette, cigar, and tobacco packages, and whisky bottles, winch littered the whole place, they would appear to have HAD A FAIRLY GOOD TIME so far as their physical wants were con c1er]i(?d, but 'the holes made by the Lyddite ji . l ^le showers of Shrapnel bullets which covered the ground, and the marks where the bullets had splashed oil the face of. their stone breastworks, sflrowed that before their picnic "came to an end our fel lows had given _ them a very, lively exis tence. YVe continued along this hill, which 19 t rlmvn as Ceasar's Hill (but which must not be confounded with the camp bearing that name, and situate just outside Lady smith) n'c were loolcing in rain, tor the trenches . we had read about, and which were said to f,®P enough to shelter a man on horseback. It was interesting all £V jr-u =rolII1.c' to note the fact that it . occupied by both sides in succes sion. ihe empty Mauser cartridge case and the yellow stain of lyddite told of the Boer occupation; while a broken khaki- covered helmet, tne Metford cartridges, and piles oi machine gun cases bearing the broad arrow made equally certain that our men had been there and stayed 'for a while to help jn wiping that '"something off a slate. Down the other side of this we came across A KAFFIR KRAAL, surrounded by a fine edge of oactus. The ony occupants appeared to be a woman and three young children. We were very thirsty, but we experienced considerable surprise when we received an affirmative reply in answer to our enquiry for milk. As the result of a long conversation, which taxed my limited knowledge of the Zulu tongue, until it often broke out into Eng lish again, I learned that when news was received that the Boers were coming, the njeger had driven Els cows away some con siderable distance to a kloof or valley, where there was water and a lot of trees. There he had remained in hiding with his wife and family and cattle, until the coun try was clear, and it was safe for him to return to his home. Having refreshed our selves we set out for the big hillsome dis tance off, and known as Pieters. This was where the Boers were treated to such a tremendous battering from our artillery that they decided to1 trek to av quieter lo cality, and so left the road open for Lady smith to be relieved. PIETERS IIILL was certainly the' strongest .position we had inspected so far, and I should say the talc ing of it would be next to an impossibility by any other method than the one adopted, which was. to concentrate artillery fire up on it until human nature wearied and' could no longer remain subject to it. For about half-way up the slope was fairly easy and grass covered, with here and there a small tree or bush. The other half, however, was a terrible climb. It was covered with small boulders, on each of which, it was neces sary to poise one's self for a. moment be fore scrambling onward and upward to the next. AH the time thafc breastwork ol stone was visible, forming the skyline. We reached the top warm and' quite blown with exertion, and then, when conversa tion was again- possible, fell to discussing the chances of a single man of an a ttack ing force ever reaching the top, though they may have numbered ten to one of the defenders when they started on the job. We decided unanimously that they .would not have a ghost of a chance. The whole face of the hill was thickly spattered ?with holes where our shells had 'burst, the yellow stains of lyddite being prominent in most of them, while pieces of shell, shrapnel pellets, and spent bullets were visible on even* square yard of ground, telling plainly of the awful hail of missiles which must have been directed thereon during the two last days of the Boer occupation. The whole top of the hill was ornamented with stone walls and seamed with trenches, pro tecting each face from assault, and evi dently so arranged that even if our men could have sealed its sides they would have had to meet a withering fire from all di rections so soon as they had gained the level.; open space on' its top. We had heard that the Boers had received orders to preserve their Mauser cartridge cases, to be sent back to the Transvaal for re filling. Here was evidence that such Was the case: in the trenches and on the ground alongside were heaps of them at intervals.. Tens of thousands of cases all put back into the clips in which the Mauser, ammunition is carried, five cart ridges in a clip.* In the trenches there was nothing of consequence. Here and there were some old rags of clothing, a pack of cards, cigarette packages, a few charred pieces of wood, remains of small fires, nnd scraps of biscuit, and old bones.- One thing, however, caused me some little won derment. Tin's wa.s A PAIR OF CHILDREN'S BOOTS the wearer of which could not have been more than from eight to ten years old. Poor little youngster, what a bad time it must have had. My first feeling was one of disgust to think that a man could bring a child to such a place. After that I speculated as to whether it might not have been a strange instance of parental love, so strong as to make the thought of part ing with hie child appear as a still greater trial for them both; for there are strangs things in war, especially Boer war. The sun was now getting pretty low, and itlic usual evening _ rain clouds wero. creeping up, so we decided to ^retrace our steps towards Colenso, promising ourselves to get the pass renewed and pursue our wanderings farther toward Ladysmith on the morrow; also to bring a couple of Kaffirs with us to earn* home t'he trophies and curios which we had collected. Soon after turning back, my friend, who was a short distance ahead, turned hastily to ward me, and told me to get a smoke. He then showed me that he had stepped on a piece of covered-in trench, which evi dently formed A GRAVE FOR SEVERAL BOERS. They had been buried in a hurry, no doubt, for here was a human hand and arm from the elbow quite exposed, the fingers and thumb bent as though in t'he act of gripping something. At the other end two feet were visible with the boots on t'hem, and in such a position that, though, the boots were very muc<h alike, I think they must have belonged to sepa rate bodies. These were the only human remains which we saw, and we did not want to linger long in their vicinity.' Any person with a delicate nose would want' to smoke two pipes or a mouthful of cigarettes, and even then he would ex perience a pressing hurry to conclude his investigations. At the foot of Pieter's Hill we turned to notice t'he effect of the splendid practice, which had been made evi dently by one lyddite gun. It was a 4.7, for we had examined the shell splinters as we came 'down. Here, from the low bu3h and trees on- the flat, there was a succession of holes at intervals of ten yards, and they zig-zagged about at an ecnial distance, right to the east of the hill, where it has knocked a gap in the stone wall. If those gunners had an opportunity to inspect their work they ought to have felt proud of it. But I was awfully disap pointed at the small amount of damage which THE LYDDITE SHELLS appear to do. I 'had read so much con cerning its destructive power that but for the presence of the stuff in the holes I would not have believed anyone who told me that it was that much-vaunted explo sive. In many instances the only effect was to make a small circular hole from which a couple of barrow- loads of earth was thrown out. Where it had struck a rock the effect was trivial compared to my expectations. In one place a 4.7 shell had exploded between two small trees, five paces from one and- six from the other. I carefully examined both of them, but could not discover any marks, nor even a twig broken off. The Boers have repeatedly expressed contempt of our lyddite, and have asserted that the fumes from it do more damage than the explosion. Pre viously 1 regarded these statements as ex amples of their untruthfulness. But I do not now, for I feel si|:e that we shall hear from the military people later on thai it is nothing like so destructive as they thought it was. We made a plant for about a hundred weight of curios, which we intended some Kaffirs to fetch next day, and shouldering the' remainder started on our return jour ney, reaching Colen«>,.iA atwit .two^our^ very wet through, and 'tired enough to en joy a hearty meal ami a night's sleep. Xext morning, on presenting myself at the com mandant's tent, I was informed that it was impossible to get my pass renewed, as posi tive orders had been received from Genera] Buller that no one was to be allowed over the river on any consideration. So, after inspecting the place where the Dublins tried to cross the river when Buller made his first attempt on the position, and see ing the spot where Colonel Long lost his artillery on that occasion, we started off to Hlangwani, on the south bank of the river. It had been THE SCENE OP SEVERAL HEAVY FIGHTS. This, too, was a very strong position to attack, being like Pieter's Hill. The up per portion of it is very steep and terribly rough climbing. There were the usual breastworks and trenches. Good and suf ficient reason for the Boer evacuation thereof was given by the holes made by our shells and the bullet splashes on the rocks. Near here were several Kaffir huts, where we enquired for milk, but the answer in each case was the same. The Dutchmen had taken the cattle and eaten them. En quiries for Kaffir beer were answered in the same way. The corn had all been taken at the" same time. In fact the niggers appeared to 'have nothing left. As is usual with these people, now that their cattle had been taken, all the interest seemed to foive gone out of life, and they appeared indifferent to what further might happen to them. In addition to having looted all the niggers possessed the Boers had burnt several of the 'huts, wliidh justi fied the remark added to each sentence by the kaffir that the Dutchman was "hay mus-'lili" (no good). A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE. Next day I left Colenso, but stopped at Hawick, on the way down, long enotigh to visit the wonderful falls there. They are said to be 360 ft. high, the third highest unbroken falls in the world. The Ungeni River is here about 20 yards wide, and at the time o'f my visit there was a large volume of water flowing over in one solid mass. Before reaching the bottom it is only a large thick cloud of spray. Lying flat on a ledge of rock, facing the fall, with the sheer descent in. front and alongside, I watched the ever-rusliing water until I became fascinated, perhaps hypnotised some people might call it. For a time, it may have 'been only a few minutes, or it may have been half an hour, I had an experience which nothing, no not all, which this world 'has to offer, would induce me to undergo again. Fortunately, I did not lose consciousness, but the struggle be tween the desire to continue to live and the almost irresistible impulse to allow my self to fall over was awful. . I was certainly paralysed, my limbs refused to move, but at last came the thought to close my eyes. Then I got my head turned, and shortly after I was able to move myself backward. Never daring to look again at the water I got away, and lay myself down on the grass to recover. Between the time of get ting in my unfortunate position and being sufficiently recovered to make for the hotel near by was an hour and a 'half. Just how the time' Was spent IVhall never know. I found afterward that the skin of my hands was abraded, and the muscles of my left forearm strained with the grip I had taken on the rocks. Even now I feel shaky when I think about it. I had intended ito stay a little time in Maritzburg, but now my only desire was to reach 'home, so I came on without further delay to Durban, feel ing pretty bad, but at the same time glad to be still -alive. 