WANTED AN ORGANIZED DE MOCRACY. 'Sir,-Kindly grant me space to re ply ijo a letter signed 'Co-operator, in vour issue of October 5th.-" wnat the * writer apparently wished to say was-'Wanted, a rail-sitting party-a party with two large pockets and a flag bearing the words : 'For sale to the highest bidder.' It is rather late in the <?f.y to resurrect the 'indepen dent' ghost, especially on account of Mr Philp's latest addition to his poultry farm, in the shape of a Drake, by name Francis. In? all Australia there are but two real parties in ex istence :- (1) The party, that be lieves in keeping tilings as they are; that is content to be governed by dead men's laws-laws made by dead and gone semi-barbarians. With these may be classed Mr Philp and others of that ilk. (2) The party that be lieved in sweeping away all dead men's laws, that are not founded on truth and practice to the multitude, the party that would prevent one man from robbing another of his earnings. The Labor parties of the different col onies may be classed in this list. It is true that the Labor party may be re organised, into the Socialist party, to fight for State control of all industry. There is no 'doubt that^tHe hour 1ms struck for that step to be taken. If that were what 'Co-operator' meant by/ the re-organisation of the party, he would have my hearty co-opera tion The fighting platform of the Federal Labor party consists of four planks :-(1) Old Age Pensions; (2) One Adult One Vote; (3) Abolition of Colored Labor; (4) Alteration of the Federal Constitution to provide for the initiative, and referendum, in their most liberal forms, and for the, easy amendment of the Constitution! by the people. This is surely liberal« enough for any democrat. Those who| can't support- it had better shunt ati once to the Philp party. The Labor| parties of the different colonies- will! face the Federal trail as one solid, un-s itei party. Those who are returned! will form the Federal Labor party in the Federal Parliament. Queensland would simply make a laugbing stock of herself by trying to organize a rail sitting party for the Federal House. There -is no middle course jietween right and wrong. The keynote of the! reform movement is 'justice.' In their! platform the Labor party indicate thel directions in which reform is requir ed. Candidates of that party are pledsred to fight lor the reforms indi cated at every opportunity. Every Labor voter is invited to take part in selecting the Labor candidates, by be coming a member of the Workers' Union, or other organized Labor body. Where no branch of the Workers' Un ion exists, People's Parliamentary As sociations are being formed. it. is only by selecting 'solid* men, and act ing as one united parity throughout Australia thai we will be abterto estab lish a Federal Labor party worthy the name. Thanking you for space. Yonrs, etc.. FRANK J. POSTER. 