THE FILIBUSTERS. BY C. T. CUTCLIFFE HYNE, Author of "The Adventurer of Captain Ivettle,"' - &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER IX.—(Concluded.) - Davis came up witli it, a ,id turned over the pages oil the chase of a pn. "" "DW11B" means 'surrendered.' The other forts seemed only to be waiting for the lead. Another white flag fluttered up to one of the redoubts on th heights, and from two others "1)\VHB ! broke out ill splashes of gaway col our. The others followed within a minute or so. The defences of I-'ss Angele^ liiid all capitulated —it only remained for us to take possession. Just about that- time, with a clatter of hoofs and a jangle of harness, Fiuellen's battery came to us up out of the forest roads. A sergeant, a fellow from -Matabeleland. was in command, and Fiuellen lay a limp, senseless mais a-vrofs some of the limbers. They had met with the worst kind of luck. Their plans had been forestalled. They had been beset by masses ol troops at ereiy point, and it was only by a man-el of pluck and cleverness that "they escaped annihilation. They lost half their numbers in tIICKE fierce attacks, anil* when at last they did get- through, it was only to meet- with a orusbipg disappointment. The Nuca del Diabolo had been guarded in a way there was no getting over. The lower ledges, by which time before Briggs had climbed to the summit, had been blasted away by dynamite eharjres. The foot of the crag was made into a smooth precipice a hundred feet ia height. The Saearonducan troops were waiting for them even there, and in repelling their last desperate assault Fiuellen fell with a bullet through his side. -Coffin,"' said the General. *T shall leave you here in the post of (honour to hold this fort for me and keep command of the city. You will have five and thirty sound men and both (the doctors, and you will do all you can for the wounded. Possibly you can set small squads of prisoners to work helping you. Do so ,if you see a -chance, and anyway trftat them well. I •wish to gain the army over to my -side if it can be done, because then it will cost far less life to win the country."' Even with the total submission of the troops—for the three regiments in garrison followed the example of the artillery—our day's work was a heavy one. The soldiers marched into the great- plaza where out- Maxim batteries wore draw n up, piled their arms, and inarched off to the two large warehouses where they were billeted under guard. Tlie arms were carried up in miile wagons to Carew's post, as were also the breech-blocks of the great guns in the other forts; and, in fact, the means of offence "'as (taken away from the city as thorough- 3y as possible, and yet without doing any unnecessary damage" The general's policy was to carry matters -nitk. ilie firmest possible hand, but yet at the same time to leave everytiiing free for conciliation. Then began the political movement. In the ordinary course of events a great ball was to have taken place in the city two evenings after our landing, in aid of "a eharity. In the scare which followed it was very natural that this should Ife forgotten _ by some entirely, and dropped by otiters through the press of greater excitements. But it did hot'suit the general's book that this bafll should fall through. He got the list of acceptances, and sent out invitations to all the considerable people of the city who had not already got- tickets, with the significant rider that the non - appearance would be construed into a personal slight. Now- dancing is not in my way. and accurately speaking 1 should "not say it was in the general's; but he was a man"who was quite ready to turn his hand to anything at an ill reason which would serve his ends, and I—well, 1 was his Secretary. £o to the great elecitri^-liglited ojiera bouse Ave both went in accurate evening dress, the general wearing the Order of the Gem- Orchid of Sacarouduca, with its orinisoii ribbon at his throat. The whole affair was frankly political. Twenty of our chaps—splendid looking soldiers they -were too—formed a guard of honour up the -two sides of the grand staircase. The General stood at the top before a small knot of notables, and as each group came up, a steward told me their names, and I presented them formally. 1 was anxious lo hand that: duty oil to Davis, and •the General was quite willing: but Davis (after vast consideration and careful study of the subject;.in some abominable work on etiquette) stammered out some yarn to the effect that he was not sufficiently certain ol" himself,_ and dreaded that lie ni'igh commit come "faux pas.j'.- For a man whose one ambition in life was to advance nimself socially, {Ja.vis was singularly nervous and diffident. The General, of course, here was cal'.ei by the Spanish, form of his name, Don Esteban Puentos, and mixing with the people, I was astonished to find what a strong reputation he had made for himself during his previous life in the country. One fierce partisan of his (a lady, by the way) said to me, "Senor, he was tihe man of {.he moment when he left us; now that he comes back we look to him as a second Bolivar." "That is very well," I said; "but, what is more -to the point, will the country assist to liberate itself?" "Certainly it will," she answered. "The troops you conquered yesterday will be ready -enough to help on your side to-morrow. Fighting is their trade, but lighting . uinst such Paladins as your young gentlem-A have proved themselves lo be is an occupation too dangerous to be steadiiy profitable. Offer them arms, and they will be enthusiastic iu your support." "That doesn't sound very moral,"' .1 said. "Mais que voule-vous?"' (are they not soldiers that we speak about?) she replied. ".^ay, rather," suggested a little woman in |)ince-nez who joined us, "that they have fought for a bad Government, because it was -the Government, and there was no other in vietv. I can't have you being rude to our service, Mr. Birth. There are some awfully nice boys in. it. By the way, •are you any relation to the Bircbss of Lisnlaskea in County Waturford'r I'd a great friend there oncc—Willie Bircli, that broke iiis neck driving home from a* Cork . race meeting." "I'm afraid I'm not JrLsh. Do you know that island well?" "Bora there, Mr. Birch, and lived there most of m>r time till J. married Don Juan Carmov.. You have a Mr. Coffin with you, Fni told. Is he one of the Galway Coffins, or is he connected with the Devonshire lot*:"'- . "Heii Irish certainly, and I fancy he comes from the West. 7 '" "I knew a Hugh Coffin once—Wee Hugh, they called him—who played number one in their country polo team, and was always getting cursed for crossing. There was always terrible language Hying about the ground when Wee Hugh sat down to ride. He went abroad to England and other places afterwards. I wonder if he's the same. 1 ' " I shouldn't wonder," I said. "Our man's Hugh, I know, and he rides 8 stone easily. He's on duty to-night, but I'll introduce him to-morrow if 1 may, and let liim answer for himself. And now would you excuse me for just eighteen seconds? I'm the General's Secretary, and I must see what this despatch is about. A cablegram had been handed to me from the great firm in Europe who were financing the revolution. This is how it ran, translated, of course, from the private code in which it was written:— LCopy.] "From Holstetn's, London. "To C. O. Revolutionary Forces, "Los Angeles, Sacarouduca. "Received your cable announcing capture ol town. Offer congratulations. We learn on undeniable authority that a firm whose interests are opposed to ours has made a determined bid to-overset your enterprise. Who their agent is we cannot dis-; cover, but we have learnt that he is a needy, desperate man, nnd formerly in tli^ j British iiervice. He is to be paid by results, j Ii by any device he succeeds in crushing i you, our opponents have guaranteed liim a payment of half a million sterling drawable on a London Bank. This seems to hint that some tremendous weapon will be ' used against you: and though we know nothing of its nature, we thought best to put you on your guard." I bad been obliged to go to my quarter; for the code book,, and the translation was tedious, so that an hour had passed before I got back to the opera bouse to give the general the news. -The scene there had entirely <&anged.; I had left a brilliant, glittering assembly, rather ill at ease, and rustling with an uneasy curiosity. Tie band, the warmth (and perils the champagne) jhad livened , , it , . up. . _ Toe , excitement was TOPirf.^TWtguiggtapeous; jthgss* things had set it loose; mid from excitement had grown enthusiasm. The place was all aglow with it. Women with their cheeks flushed, men with their eyes bright with tingling moisture, .-tood on the floor of the house, listening to a woman who spoke to them from a lirst tier box. 1 did not hear what she said to '.-tir them u]) like this. I only saw her as >he finished—a lithe, beautiful .creature with diaifionds in her black hair, aiid lovely bare l-ouuded arms which gesticulated as sh spoke—and heard the last words. "Long live President i'ueiitos!'' she cried, and the answering "vivav" made e the great theatre tremble like thunderclaps. 5\ever did any man have sm-'i an ovation. Never. 1 think, did any man have such a champion. 1 turned and saw Donna Carmov at my elij.r.r. .She was pale as a ghost and trembling violently. "Delicia here!" 1 heard her mutter. '-Delicia hen? and playing that part! What can it all mean?"' (To be continued to-morrow.) 