CHAPTER V. AMATEUK THEATRIC! AES The ball which followed close ou the lieols of the dramatic entcrtainmc.t was at its height. From the half cir cular gallery abovo the gay through it seemed that the play had just begun. Ihose who had taken part in the mimic scenes heretofore were merged into the picture, and added tono and colour to it. An old clock of antique model, standing above tho balustraded stair way, chimed an hour after midnight as Colonel do Roal passed onward with measured tread to t-lic suite of rooms beyond assigned to his use. Ho had not changed one jot of his costume ns Sir Giles Overreach, except the heavy wig. He entered his room, took a wet sponge, and carefully romoved ail traces of tho dark lines which had been streaked upon his face by the cos tumiers, who had givon to it the hard, stern aspect of the greedy, money grun ting hero, of the Massinger’s drama. This accomplished to his satisfaction, the colonel stood before tho huge mir ror, and complacently stroked his large moustacho reflectively for some con siderable time. At tho further end of tho upartment there was an old weather-beaten trunk standing on a chair. Tom portions of many labels of divers colours still adhered to it, prov ing that it had been n great traveller in its day. Whatever might have been the subject of Colonel do Roal’s cogita tions, they evidently had some connect ing link with the valise, for his think ing fit ended; ho produced a hey, un locked the receptacle, and took there from somo documents, together ,vith part of an old newspaper. These lie thrust into his doublet. As ho was about to close tho trunk a seco.id thought seemed to occur to liirn for he plunged his hand nmongst its miscol lauc us contents, and drew forth a small revolver. “Gaston do Roal, you have existed in this beautiful world till you aro old and grey, but your trust in human na ture has not been improved by time ‘mou ami.1 ‘Trust no one,1 is a good maxim. The greatest military genius of any time trusted his friend Brutus, and Brutus murdered Ciosar. Humph! rest 1 there, my friend, till wanted,51 he con tinued, in a smothered tone. “When one has to play with a skilled gamester, it is well to have more than one triunp card to hand.11 With tho same measured, soldierly tread, which appeared part and parcel of tho man, ho went out along the cor ridor, smiling and bowing with courtly grace to many who had taken possession of the grand staircase to kiss and flirt, and ascending a small flight of stairs branching therefrom, entered a cham ber situated almost at the apex end of the building. The apartment was a sort of retreat or smoking room used by Hil I ton Fernbrook, and oil that account was held strictly private from all in trusion fay that gentleman’s guests. Nevertheless, the colonel marched in without ceremony. Hilton Fernbrook was seated conning a rongli chart spread out on a table before him, while Timothy Sharpe, his mair, introduced in tho first chapter of this history as the Ferret, stood by, ready equipped, as if for a long journey. The latter personage was evideutlv disturbed at sight of the intruder, but Fernbrook rose quietly, and bade his visitor welcome. “We will defer your departure, Sharpe, until the morning,” he said, folding up the map, and placing it in an iron box, which he locked. “Now go.” “Pray, don’t let me disturb you, my dear Fernbrook,” began tho colonel. “Be seated, sir. The business is cf little importance,” rejoined Hilton. Tho Ferret bowed and retired, hut not through the door which de Roal had entered. He drow aside a. thick 1 curtain which divided the room from a I deep recess, tilled with useless guns, | fishing tackle, etc., und made his exit through a low doorway behind it. The master of Fernbrook aud his visi tor sat in silence for several minutes after the deparburo of the Ferret. “My sou, I feel inquisitivo to-night,” said the colonel, in his blandest tone, after a long pauso. “I'm afraid I have annoyed you by coming here unexpec tedly.” “Not at all. Colunel do Ruai is (juiic at liberty to go whore ho pleases hero at Fp mb rook. But what are your de “What is behind that- screen?’’ “Nothing bub old lumber accumulated, the Lord knows when or how.” “And the doorway there is in tho re cess ?” "Leads to a passage opening to the stables below, that’s all.” “Humph! This is but a poor, unat tractive apartive, ‘moil clicr,’ with so many at your command, and very much superior in the way of embellishments.” Hilton Fornbrook turned, and looked full in tho face of his companion. “This room suits me,” he responded, slowly. “Hero I am securo from intru sion. Como, sir,” ho added, mero quickly, “you have not sought mo in my den to ask silly questions at two o’clock in tho morning?” "No, my son, certainly not. By the bye, arc you certain that we are free from intrusion?” "As freo as if we were out yonder on tho ocean.” "Good!” cried the colonel, in his usual smooth voice. "After all, 1 have nob come to tell of ghosts and goblins, and of murders done at midnight. Neither have I any secrets of church or state to unfold at this witching hour. My dear boy, my solo errand is to show you a paragraph in un old ‘newspaper, which may possibly interest you.” “Thank you. "What newspaper is it ?” " Tho ‘Sydney Morning Herald,’ hear ing dato March 13th, 18—’’replied the colonel. “Twelve months ago?” "Exactly.” _ “Tho news is certainly stale.” “But perhaps’ none the loss interest ing for all that. Sorno kind of informa tion, like old wine, is all (lie better for being old. Shall I read the para graph?” “Bo so.” Be Roal drew' liis chair nearer to the table, on which stood a small perfumed lamp. Placing liis gold ovo-gluss with duo care and nicety, lie pulled forth tho paper from his doublet, and began to read. Hilton Fornbrook looked at his com panion with a smile, but it was tho cold, habitual suiilo of the practical man of tho world. Above it tho eyes gleamed with a sinister expression cf dislike, and the brow frowned over the eyes liko an overhanging thunder cloud. “It is now ascertained beyond a doubt that tho burning wreck seen by the ship ‘Burkam Cast-lo,’ on voyage to New Zealand was none other than tho schoouer Seagull, which disappeared so mysteriously from this port some mouths ago. It will bo remembered that tho captain of the Seagull engaged a crew of six men for a voyage to Tonga, Fiji Islands. On the way the crow' mutinied, and put tho skipper ashore on a small island within a day’s sail of Huuti, and there left him to his fate. By a puro ehaneo Captain Bowls was discovered and taken on board ‘•lie s.s. Stonnbird a mouth afterwards, and brought on to Sydney more dead than alive, after torriblo suffering.” The reader paused, audA looking at his companion, said, “My son, what do you think of it?” Hilton Fornbrook shrugged his broad shoulders. “Think of what, colouel? What in terest can I have in the doings of such wretches?” “Merely for study, dear hoy. 1 know you arc fond of describing the rnotivo powers wliicli move tho criminal class, Hear this. ‘It is known that one of tho mutinous crow engaged by Captain Bowls, of the Seagull, was beyond doubt a noted criminal named Victor Mau ri rat, an escapee from Portland prison, England.’ "Rumour hath it that this convict is well odueuted and of good birth, his father being no less a personage than M. Augusto de Mauprat, consul at Port Royal, and liis mother Bortli Pierpoiut, a Creole of good family in Jamaica, West Indies. He was sentenced to seven years’ penal servitude for killing a British officor in some gambling brawl, and has so far munaged to efudo ro-cap turo. It is also believed that another of the crew was formerly Mauprat’s man or valet, and who, under the nom do plurno of the ‘Ferret’ was known to tho continental police as the most brilliant card-sharper of tho day. Bcscriptiau of tho escapees : — “‘Mauprat, aged about twenty-seven, tall aud gentlemanly; carriage, mili tary ; complexion, very dork, but clear; head, long; hair, black and curly; fore head, high; black piercing eyes, well cut nose and mouth; frame, strongly built; hands aud feet small. Mauprat has a peculiar gaol mark upon his shoulder, which should easily lead to tho detection of this dangerous oiimi “Boes tliis picture remind you of any one you are acquainted with, my dear Fornbrook?” asks the colonel, taking his glass from his eye. "Why should it, Colonel dc Roal?” “Oblige me by looking in yonder mir ror wkilo I re-read this description of the escaped convict, Victor Mauprat,” says the colonel, blandly. “Pshaw 1 My dear sir,” cried tho young man, with a- sharp laugh, “your jesting is ill-timed. Amuse yourself at my expense, if it so pleases you, hut pray, select a more fitting model for my likeness.” Tho eulunol fixed his glass, and looked at liini with a cold stare of sut prise, which hail in it a subtle touch of satanic humour.. "Don’t bo offended, boy. You aro-uot iii a jesting vein to-night,” he says, at tho same time smoothing out tho news paper on tho table. "If the points in tho photograph of our friend Mauprat do nut iutorest you, L will pass ou to thoso of tho ‘Ferret.’ It roads: — " ‘Joseph Hawke, alius the Ferret, with a scoro of other aliases too numer ous to mention. Height, five feet five inches aud a quarter; fresh complexion, sandy hair, small, grey eyes, prominent nose inolining towards his left cheek, long sear on upper lip ; frame, thin and wiry ; walks with a slight limp.’ “Now, my sou. if I. belonged to tho polico force, I should certainly he cf opinion that this description of the Fer ret is mosb singularly like the persnu age who just now left this apartment, but knowing as I do, my dear Fernbrook, that any connection whatever between a felon and your respectable man-ser vant, no matter how startling tho de scriptive likeness may be, is an uttor absurdity. I therefore crave your par Hilton Ferubrook laughs out that strange laugh again as he rises to light a fresh cigar. Ho is fond of smoking. It helps him to think while tho colonel talks and reads, aud goes oil with his seemingly senseless farce of similitudes. De Roal watches him as he whiffs tile fragrant weed into small clouds of blue vapour—watches him with a smilo on that smooth, unfathomable face of his, whereon there is a look bordering on admiration. "Y'ou have been very dull, ‘mon cheiy in spite of tho riot going on about yon,” quoth tho colonel, presently. “I saw I you wore, ami I prepared the mystery l of Mauprat and the Ferret to rouse you I up a bit. My poor plot has failed. My labour has been m vain. You are not interested one jot.’’ "Nay, you wrong mu, Colonel. I am tilled with gratitude at your kind en deavour to amuse me," responded the other, quietly. “I eoufess the descrip tion of your eonvict, what’s his name, li'importe, bears a strong resemblunco to my poor self, only the picture drawn is somewhat flattering. AVore- the ras cals captured, Colonel de ltoal?” "Captured! No. Mon like this A’ic- 1 tor Maiiprat are not defeated on the lines laid down in tho cases of ordinary criminals. ” "Flattering again.” "Nay, my son. AVhat chimerical at traction can there possibly' be botwcon a vile prison breaker and the rich ■-mil well-born heir of Fernbrook? The more supposition lias tho stamp of insanity upon it. Fie! Now, here is part of another copy - of the same journal of later date, wherein wo have the de nouement of tho drama. I picked this up on board the steamer Medway, on my voyago from Sydney to New Zea land, and preserved it, because it con tained an account of a terrible catas trophe at soa—the binning of a ship, anil the loss of all the crew.” “I am dull at riddles, my dear colonel.” "This is not a riddle. Mauprat, the convict, and his companions perished Ly fire on board the ‘Seagull’ schooner, burnt at sea on December 10th, eight months after their cscapo from Norfolk Island.” ‘‘Then A7ictor Mauprat is dead ?” ex claimed Hilton Fernbrook, rising, from his seat, and confronting the colonel. “Aye! dead!” echoed the other, ris ing also, and setting himsolf face to face with his companion. "AVill you read how this clever scoundrel evaded his pursuers, how he reached New South AYalcs, obtaiued money, and by' an able scheme chartered tho ship, which ho destroyed at sea, so that every vestige of - his crimes might remain for ever locked in tho dark womb of oblivion. AVill you read?” "No,” cried the other, with solemn voice. "Enough that retribution has ( fallen. Out of the subtle working of niy mind tho dead shadow lias departed. From henceforth A'iclor Mauprat a dead. Dead! Colonel de ltoal; do you hear ? The affinity between us twain is rent asunder. Anibnow; the dread, and likeness, aye, the very double of Hilton Fernbrook, being lied, well—mighty potent, stern, unflinching will—shall as sert itself.” As ho spoke there came into his hand some face a look which made it almost hideous. From red to white, and from while to a dull, ashy paleness, and to a yet deeper tinge, rarely' seen on the human countenance, the changes went and eamo in rapid succession over the colonel’s vis-a-vis. No tarnishing jungle tiger over had eyes more tierce aud glaring than this man had. The deadly cobra, reared on end to strike its vic tim, was not more deadly in its attrac tion was not more certain in its power of fascination. Anil there they stood, theso two men, master aud pupil, both strong ill the gilt of mesmeric power, and in the influence of will. Tho colonel noted tho change in his companion, and smiled. He felt the fearless eyes fix themselves, as it were, upon his own, in ii wordless, bloodless duel of strength between them. Heretofore the pupil had been docile aud obedient; now it was a test for the mastory. Face 10 face within a step of each other, they stand, their eyes lixcil and steadfast, but .sparkling and glinting rays like lire. For a time it seems as if the older man ingoing to will. He is confident, smil ing, while his opponent is frowning aud savage almost to ferocity, lu less time than it takes to pen these linos, the srnilo has faded from Colonel do Eoal’s iacc. Ho begins to feel a stronger power than his own gathering slowly, but surely, round his inclinations, his resolves like a band of stock As a mesmerist, ho lias been all powciliil, iiuconquerable. He feels he is being subdued now, in spile of his knowledge, in spite or all ho can do. AVith teeth shut hard, and breath quickened, like somo spent swimmer, a thought comes to him. He moves his hand in search of the revol ver hid away in his doublet. AVilhout the faintest shadow of turn-' ing from that terrible fixed look set straight into tho expanded orbs of his adversary, Hilton Fernbrook notes tho movement, and guesses its purport. Ero the Colonel can raise his hand, the other, swift as thought, seizes it, and thrusts something into the palm. If a sudden sword thrust had entered the veteran's body, the shock could not have produced a more striking change in his whole maimer. He reeled back ward, and the perspiration begins to gather on liis face under tho agony. Struggle as gamely as he may, he can not reach the pistol. There is mur.ler ini liis desires, and at his heart, but the will to act is going from him. He feels it going, swallow'd! up by the f ei riblc creature before him, whose dread ful eye hold liis every faculty in bon dage. A few' moments more, and the strong willed mesmerist is beaten by his own weapons. AVith pallid face, closed eyes, and nerveless hands douched, Colouel do lloal falls to the floor, a sensoless, inert muss. Hilton Fernbrook draws a iong ■ breath, which is half a groan in its in tensity'. For a moment ho stands over liis fallen antagonist, then raises aim, and places him in a chair, unlaces the doublet to give him air, and wipes tho poor face with his handkerchief. "Tho cub has grown stronger than the old lion,” he muttered, pouring out a largo goblet of strong wine, which ho emptied at a draught. “This mystery of victor Mauprat, the convict, was but a shallow pretext to work liis will on mo. Fool! Am not. I liis pupil P Yet my master no longer. Could he not have reasoned better than to hold mo so weak. I,, whom ho has schooled into a semhlanco of himself. Humph! AVhat papers are these, colonel, oh, ‘moil umiP’—two letters aud a photograph. AVhy, how is this? These missives are written by oiie, who signs himself. Hil ton Fernbrook. I never wrote those epistles, aud am not I Hilton i'era brook. This portrait is the semblance, nay, a. faithful semblance of my very' self, even to tho most liiinute particu lar; but who sat for itP Not I, 1 do here most solemnly swear. How now, old mate?” lie cried, turning to the silent form boforo him, “AVlioso letters and pictures are these? Speak, if thou eimst.” There was a slight quivering of tho colonel’s body, but that was all the an swer givon. “Pcro de lloal. I command tliec, tell me whoso portrait is tliis I hold in my band?” cried the speaker again, at the same time making several rapid passes across tho sleeper’s face. “Look at the hack of the photograph. It is written there,” muttered the other in a low touo. Hilton Fernbrook hold the card to wards tho light. "Victor Mauprat!” echoed the sleeper, faintly’. "He is dead, Pere.” "Aye. dead,” again murmured l-he pallid lips. By the grey dawn the young master of Fernbrook made his way through the gay dancers to a building adjoining the stables, where his man. Sharpe, w;.s studying Grant’s “ Maori Made Easy.” “Up anil saddle the Cardinal,'’ lie said, in a husky tone : "yon must reach Pukehitii to-morrow night. There you will iiud lloti, Tewarti. and young Rewarti, the Maori chieftains. Give them these papers and bring me their answer. Quick, away!” “What if I am beset, on the road ?” asked Sharpe, looking steadily at h:s “Idiot! You have a revolver. Now, begone.” (To bo continued.) 