iBit o' Print, j 'qoMPiBTB-air TMIS;IBSVS\ y ' xx , SHAN F. BULLOCK. £<corzitxanx. v E had come, once more, to the big meadow whioh' from the Grookron .. foot runs away along Thrasna River ; and already , had wo more than 'half -of it safely won and gathered. Never before, not oven in that famous summer, years ago, 1 that saw Hal and one self masters in Emo. " had hav- . making brought fowor cares or pleasanter toil. Tho weather was glorious— bright, firm August days- help was plentiful ; . you had but to .mow, turn over the swathes and carry in, '"only to work and. pray God for moro of His good sunshine." -. -, .. And ; how we did work in that time of igoldon weather ! Hardly had tho mists begun to rise 6' mornings, whoii . you heard the jingle of the traces us the' horses went over the hills from Emo ; liko ghosts you. saw them plodding homo of evenings through the dusk. , All the day long the whirr of the mowing machine, the bum of the tedder, the shouts of young Hal urging the horses, came untiringly over the bifla. It was up with the lark, wash the sleop from your eyes, thank God for your breakfast, then strip like a man, shoulder rake and fork,, and boldly face the big sun. From dew-rise to dew-fall, that was our day. " It was do or .die with us ; for who hut a fool ever dallies when the Bun chases rain from Irish hills ? And had not (the pigs flown joyfully? So said the wiso heads, whon last Emo big. meadow was made in August. . At it, then, my lads, said we, and one and all buokled to. Ah I but we were happy- hard as nails, brown as turf, strong as young hulls. How we shouted and sang, laughed and yelled ; how the hills rang with our babel .' It was a very feast of work, a mad riot of sweet toil. , For months and months bad the weather been playing with us ; now ewe were flouting it, fooling it; early and jlato were stealing marobes upon it ; making (ready for that great timo when radiantly we 'should point to workwolldono, and jeeringly i ask the weather to do its worst. Yet who could tell? Poor Ireland's weather' goddess was a fickle jade; never could one :: tell what torrents of tears lay deep behind the Iflash of her smile. To-morrow it might be pooling; a week houoe might see the. river level with its hankk ; ten days might go and leave the water soaking to the roots of the 'hills. At it, tbon,' lads; at it with might .and main. Never heed the morrow ; this day at all events is glorious. Look fit tho glory (of it; not a speok on tho blue, 'tho horizon as (firm as brass, tho sun marching royally for . his kingdom beyond tho mountains. Now, now is the timo ; four great diiys already have we had, four days more, please God, uro in store ; with u shout, then, and a heart, my lads — with a heart and a shout. So ono and all we buokled to. How happy 'wo were ! How. good it is even now to recall .that timo and to picturo the sceuo there before tone's oyo. There is Annie Trottor stooping over her baby as it lies, well hidden from the fierce o ye of tho suu, behind a haycock. Not ;faroff Judy Brady is "lotting out" ropes J from a pile of hay, and young Ted is twisting (them from tho end of a rake. Look at Auno Daly — Fat Anne her friends call her — arms i hare, cheeks flaming like June roses, stagger- |ing along over there beneath a mighty land ; there's a fine figure of a woman for .you. That man in shirt and trousers ; und big straw hut, the man with a : pipe in his mouth just now calling on Woe i James to "Hurry up wid him," he is James ' Daly — wag arid philosopher, and tho husband j of Fat Anno. "Hurry up wid ye," shouts j he. " Right, me eon," answers Woe James ; . jthon runs,' leaps right over Miko. Brady as j he stoops to tie his boots, and with a skirl goes : sprawling over the great ring of hay which J presently he should fashion into a trim built . "ruok." "Woh-woh!" shouts tho master, : as tho long teeth of the horseruko take the ground. "Back!" he shoots, arid tugs at j tho handles. "Right"; he calls, and off steps the horse, with little Johnny Brady at I its head, off with its great crackling golden 'load. Away over there, close to the hill edge, among the lush uowiy-mown swaths, and Loutside a great plot of grass in whioh toe corncrakes sit cowering, Hal (has tho rascal spied Biddy nnd her tea basket, one' wonders) 'is unyoking too horses from the mowing '.machine, and with a shout for overy blow, i killing the flies that lie gorging tooir blood. .A fine confusion of sounds, of showing and laughter, of singing and swearing, of jingling .and whirring and olanlring fills too meadow; (there is not enough air stirring to flap a shirt ialeove ; liko too breath of a.furnuoo too heat .comes pouring from toe groat bruzeu ball of (the sun, sweeps over toe Emo hills, and -smites us tbero in tho valley by toe cool, Winding river. "Tea time ! " calls toe master ; und at toe word down went rakes and forks (for what Irishman of worth over dallies at sight of „ toy " ?) and from all sides we oame flocking I in ; this one running and wiping his lips, that one hastening with a obild in his arms and a dog at his heols, tho master stepping along; in his portly dignity, Hal sivuggering up with his hat ouhis crown and a whip in his hand, Ted jumping too swathes in his young vigour, the women chattering as they come, and holding foolish discourse with Annie Trotter's baby. Ono and all oame flocking in, and gathered in a ring round Biddy, toe servant, and hor hnge basket of brown bread and butter, oaten cake and butter (what opioures wo were' in those days, to be sure I), and her big can of steaming tea. Down sat wo ; oiE came our. hats, up went tho voices in chorus. "Now Biddy," said they, "ye girl yo." "Ah, slap' it out," went they.. "Fire it round, . -Biddy, agra." "Och, hearts ulive," said "Wee James, whose soul we knew" was uthirst for Congo, " too whiff that comes from it." ' " Ay, ay," answered Miko Brady, rubbing his lean jaw; "it's as fresh a'inost as too inside of a haystack, so it is. Aw, hurry up, Biddy, yo girl; hurry up." So Biddy hurried up ; into porringers and mugs emptied toe eau, piled bread und butter -on .toe mouth of euoh, from one to another passed .them round. '."I'm obliged to yo, Biddy; more power to yer elbow, mo -girl," said wo, and foil to. The tongues lay (eilent, smaok wont toolips'all round the ring, iand within firs minutes of our oomiug you 'could not have found near Biddy's basket Wherewith to feed a sparrow. "Well, thank God for that," said we, toon ( wiped our lips and lay hack for half an hour's rest. The men set their pipes going, the Women fell u Hacking, hut toe master, who nevor smoked in .'working hours, and whose eye was always quick for the right of print, jloant forward, pulled tho paper lining froiri (the tea-basket, and lying baok against a pile of hay, began to read. Hie mind was at' ease , .good humour, bred of good ' tea and good .weather, possessed his soul. Presently he snorted disdainfully, then ohuckled sardonio- ally, then broke into a smothered laugh, at last rolled toe paper into a ball, flung it out (into toe stubble, muttered something about (tomfoolery, then pulled his hat over his eyes, folded his arms, and within five minutes was 'fostasloop. . No sooner hud sleep found tho'master than (Miko Brady roBe, stopped awkwardly across jthe stubble, and came baok- with the hall of (paper. "I'll he wonderin'. what himBelf 'd be snortin' at," said he, and sat ' down, again, an' it's a sin anyway to, bo.wastiu' good print. .Sure there's us muob hero," Mike -went on, and began ''fluttering out the paper ion his knee; " as'd keep me' in.readin' for-a whole night; an'- Aw," he broke out, '"aw, look at too beautiful pictera. Look at jtoe faces they, have on them, an' too grand dresses, an toe, tho — - Sure it's great. 'I.ook, Judy, look,- Auno. . Gome here, James, yo boy yo." James Daly turned over on his knees and (peered aoross Mike's shoulder. "Aw," said (be, "aW, man,' but it's powerful." Anne, His wife, rested a hand on toe stubble, leant 'over,' Klanoed' at::th'oy paper, ';Vand: drew baok with a sniff of disgust. V : 7 "Phut!" said she." "Phatl Bit where ye aro, Judy. Sure, it's only a fashion paper he's got a grip of. Dear, dear, the ignorance o' men !" Mike hold too paper (it was, as Auno said, only a doublo sheet from a journal of fashions, with plates hero and thero among the letter press) at arm's length, peered at it olosely, looked at it sideways and from every point of view. . " Well, now." , ho wont on, rogardlcssof Anno and her satire, " diyil as purty a sot o' women us them I nivor seen before. .There's one thore-7-that ono. James," and Mike laid his.thumb on her olassio foatures ; "an' if she was a trifle shorter - in toe neck, an' hadn't that long-tailed jacket on her, Bhe'd bo as fine.alookin' foniqlo as too oho at homo on too almaniok hangin' on the dressor. An' that one in the corner, wi' toe hat on her as big as an ittnberoll ; now that lnssio's a tear- away. An' that one— d'yo see her, James?— herself wi' the gossoon in long britohes — that orio, sure,' has a po werful fine pair o' eyes in her. Wouldn't that beyour notion, James?" " Well,'! answered JameB, nnd critically cooked his head, "if ye ask mo, Miko, I'd say they're, too much like tbejdnd you'd seo iu a . siok cow ; ton big iui' watery. . But there's : a female," and James pointed ata figuro with his pip'o, stein, "takes me fancy. That one'd bo a powerful high-stepper, I'm thiukin'; an! ehe carries herself well insido that grand dress of hors:" Anno Daly nudged Judy Brady with her elbow, and .whispered behind her. hand; " D'yo hear, the hlethorskites ?" saidshe. "Ay," answered Miko; and held the sheet awuy from him ; "she's a tip-topper sure' enough, James. Butshe'efine in toe bone, that one.' - Look at toe hands an? feet on hor. Now, I'm toinkin'- that ono was moro after too kind o? your racehorse ; fit for littlo but pranoin' about an' oaperin'. It'd he a poor show she'd make in a meadow, James ; it's riot on pratios an' salt she'd thrive.'! "Ah, not at all," said James, arid- sat baok in his place, "not at all. Sure, she'd he what you?d oali a. lady. They're, all that kind, too wives o' toe quality an' their daughters an' that. Sure: an. honr o' that sun, ' and James looked over his shoulder towards Emo Hill, " 'd scorch toe ekiri on her , it would so." " Ah 1 'deed would it," answered Mike, and turning his hit o'. print, pulled his hat over his "eyes, gathered up his knees, arid bogan spelling among toe letterpress, " 'deed it would so." Anne Daly /turned to Judy Brady und Annie Trotter. "It's God's meroy, girls," said she with a bard littlo laugh, "that we can keep our skins wholo on us. I wonder what too men in these parts 'd he doin' supporin' we were fine in too hone an' couldn't thrive on the praties an' salt P" " Sure tho orators 'd just gasp an' die," returned Judy; "sure they would." James Daly winked solemnly uoross at Hal and myself, us we silt, with an eye on too master, taking half-minute turns at Hal's elegant briar pipe, tlieu bent forward and clasped bis knees with both hands. ' Mr. Jan," said ho, " toero's a thing I'm wishful to ask ye." "It isn't ladies in fashiou plates too likes of us 'd ho thanked forbein'," Anne went on. and spoke a little bitterly. "It's riot good looks, an' eyes like sick cows wo'd bri want-" in'. Aw, no, dears. It's an ould shawl an' a sbillin' straw bonnet an' a linsoy dress 'd ha suitin' us. It's patch the tatters, an' turn an! twist, an' darn an' sow. wo must be doin' wi' tho ould duds — aw yis. Truoth an' sowlit's too grand fashion plates wo step into, God help us," said Anne, and laughed sarcastically. Again James winked at Hul and myself, and again essayed to speak : — " Mr. Jan," said lie, "I'm- — " "Fashion plates, indeed." cried Auno again; "an' ladies! Aw. Lord save us." "When you're finished palaverin', Mrs. ' Daly," said James, turning his head. ( " I'd be wishful " "Aw, keep your talk for toe. ladies, Mr. Daly," answered Anne, with withering scorn. " I'm keepin' it," said James, " till I get home then, Anne, being at a loss for a re tort, turned again to mo. "Mr. Jan," said Jamos, " it's ypurself I'm toinkin', in the course o' your travels, must lia' met more'n one o' these chaps that write toe papers P" ' ««You mean' journalists, James r" ques tioned I, notoing'loth to air my. superiority. " I dunno what you'd bo calliu' them, hut I mean toe lads that write that kind o' thing," and James jerked his thumb towards Miko and his bit o' print. " Did ivver yo moot o'er a one o' them boy- os ?" " A few, James." "Now! Well, I'd ho toinkin' that. An you'd find them a ourious kind o' mortals, I'm toinkin'— quaro and strango in their, ways?" " "Well, perhaps so, James; perhaps I did find some of them a little peculiar." " Ay? Jist so. I'd bo imaginin' that. Judgin' he what I know an' seen ineself I'd agree with ye. Aw, a strange lot thoy must be ; a' powerful strange party. Ever seen one? ye ax me," eaid James, beading his brows, " Ah, troth have I— a rale live writin' man ; ay, an' a diver fellow. Aw to be sure, to.be sure," said James; then suddenly broke into a guffaw. "Haw! haw ! Will I.ever forget that night ? Will I ever forget it? Haw! haw! The finest thing 'twas, toe greatest piece of foolery liver came across. Till ye?" soft James, as all round too ring the elainqur of hisstory went hurrying. " Sure, yo all know; Haven't ye heard mo till it twenty times? What! Ye want it again, an' Jan hasn't heard ?. Aw, deed ay. Powerful fine excuses, indeed. Well," James went on, and with well-feigned regret' resigned himself to the inevitable, " I sup pose I must humour ye, childer. It's power ful hard on a mail, and it's ineself was a fool to give ye the chance at me. But, 110 matter, here's for ye, then." And folding his arms, and leaning back against a pile of hay, James went on. "Tho lad I'm to till yo about," said he, in that dry, easy-going way of his, " was called Joseph at home, aa' Joe by himself, an' Jop by ivory one else. .Top Hanly was his nums iu full ; an' he was toe sou o' Hanly, the town clerk of Gloghoen boyunt him that was marrit three times, an' played toe aivil wi' three wives, an' was kilt at last by toe kick of a horse. AVell,' Jop -was a little sertuit of a chap, ?bout as big in his boots as Wee James over there, an' not hiilf his wtight, an' him with his nose as high in toe air as a jayraffe. " Ho was a Oliver boy was Jop ; ay. He had a head on him as big as a two-gallonpot. 'Twos said that for three glusses o' whisky he'd talk bloutker to yo in three kinds o' speech — his own an' two othors ; an' I mind hearin' him meaelf, toe time I used to live an' work over Clogheen way, maldn' a speech as long as himself an' twice as big, an' it with more onknowable words in it than'd sink a oot. "The beat o' soboolin' Jop had, toe very- best; for he was too only son an' the father had pride in him, an' too roan that learnt him know as muoh as a priest. But for nil his olevernoss you'd not muoh care for him. He : was gabby an' outrustahlo, an'- he'd drive u knife into yo fast as wink; an' if the Lord had sent him into too world with a tail, sarely it'd ha' boon a paycock's. Yain ? It's not the word for him. Ho was as big in his ; own eyes an' as oonoeited as five an' twenty tailors in their Sunday clothes. "Well, sir, Jop, for by all else -he bad.in that big head o' his, was a great man at the writin'. Divil a word ye could think of hut ho'd string a rhymo to it ; it oamo as easy to him to make a song, ohuue and all, as to drink buttermilk ; 'an sure, to mo own knowledge, ho had half the females in toe country at his heels wi' tho.butiful letters he'd he writin' to thom. Ooh, man, to see toe hand write of him, an' to see toe pen flyin' in his fist," 'twas wonderful. Where in too King's name he got the big -words from, .or how in glory he mado thom como one of tor another, like' hailstones rattlin' on the road, I can't fathom. It was just liko India mealpourin' from a saok, as toiok an' us oonstont ; an'- -if yo wanted a - letter sont to tho papers, or if ye had u word to send to a la wy or or an anotioneer, or if you'd he after sayin' a word on, papor to toe ohilder in toe States, Jop was the man for. yo. Aw, yis. Just step in to see him,, plant a glass o' whisky at his elbow, put a pen in his fist, an' tell him your, wishes, an off he'd go liko a houso on fire wi' his curly - ones an' bendi- bases." "Good, James," said Hal; " good for you. Was it Jop made you a present of too beridibases? :Whcro did . lie keep them, James? What kind .of yokemajjga were toi£? /Had they (legs ;' 'orwheels, or tails,' or what?."''' '' V - ' 7 - ' " , "Thoy flew, Master. Hal," answered James; "along wi' .toe pigs; ah' fed on penny loves, (in' notoin' in the world ploased thom bettor," Baid James, with u sly look at the mustor rind then at Hal's briar pipe,- " than u qnict smoke when toe. moon .wont down. .. There's one or two o"toeiri about these parts." - "Ah, quit-yoiir bleatoer," oliod.Mike too1 cliolerio, ? en g'wan wi? your etory. " Sura it's loiko iietomri' to eornorakes to' hear ye. 3?ire away, James, I toll yo, an' Stop your foolery."' " All right,? Mike," said James, " I'm agreeable. But it's meself, sure, thought yo were keepin' an eye ou - the ladies. No matter, anyway. I'm tired o' nonsense mosrif. -Whisht, Miko, whisht,T'm off again, mq son! Well, sir," Junius continued, " thero comes hn end to all' things, evou if it's only foolery ; on', in tho course o' time,' Jop gets tired o' old Cloghocn an' the ways of it. Ho wanted; to eee the world, lie gave oat. Ologheon was only a hole of a plaoo; there yas no rooin for a man with brriins in a bit of a town like that. Naw, Jop'd soo the world, so ho would ; he'd out a 'shine in-it;- ho'd show us all what he had in.thut fivo-gallon hrainbox of his. ; 7 "Yis ( that's what Jop allowed; An' one fino niornin' he takes himself at his ' word, puts his traps on- a car, buys a , tioket from tho nturion-mastol',' shako.s hunds ivi' one an', other from the'windv o'/too twqlvo 'o'olook train, shouts ' Goodbye, me sons, ' an' away .goes Jop. An' 'next thing wo rill hear is. that Mr! Jop.was soribbliri' for somo paper or another ; ' tokin' down cases in toe law courts; an' doin' too divil an' all in too streets o' Dublin. _ " So7fiir;'so good; but, lo rind behold ye, sirs, here one fine day is ould Hanly, the father, wugglin' his . coat- tails through the street, an' him hurstin' his waistcoat wi' pride, an'. a kind pf.a. book— ono, of these affairs 'wi' pictures an' print in em, that toe youngsters seli at the stations— in his fist, au' him goin' from shop to shop, an' man to man, showin' to one au' another a bit o' print that Jop was after writin'. ' "' Look at that,' ho'd Bay ; an' bong toe book on toe counter. 'Look at what my son Joseph Patrick (that bein' the son's foil ehristonin' name) 's aftei doin'. There's somotoin' to be; proud of,' he'd 6ay, an' march ont an' take" the first he'd' meet by the collar. ' 'Look- at' that,' lio'd sav again; look at what my son Joseph Patrick's after writin'. Gome away an' have a drink,' he'd say, ' till I read it to ye. i Gome away. ' An' off ho'd go ; rin' he'd read an' read, an' drink an' drink, au' afore two houra 'twas homo he Was carried, speechless, ehoutin! like blazes, an' wavin' the "book abtfut his head, '"Twasn't" long afore idl Clogheen was well acquaint wi' Jop's hit o' writin' ; an' faith, 'twasn't long either afore people wore squintin' across their noses qbout'it. Sure, 'twas a scandalous pioco of impidenco. I mind mo liearin! it read ono everiin' on the canal bridge as well as if Mike had read it only nn hour ago. : Ooh, 'twipj fair impidenco.- It was a kind of a story about courtin' an' boys an' girls, an' a fullin'. out between a pair o? fools in too middle of it, au' a big fight at toe end, -an' a man nearly kilt, an', all the rest— just toe kind o' thing wo all knew too muoh about an' wanted to hear no more of. " But hero's whero toe impidence comes in. Ivery dauged thing happened in a nlaoe that was only Clogheen under another name ; an' ivory danged rndrtal in it was someone, with anothor name to him; that we all know as well as we knew the polls. . Here was Father Mut, as big as life an' twice 'as natural ; here was Miss Kelly, o' the Post Office, wi'out a wart missing from her face ; hero was ould Burko o' tho liotol, wi' a nose onhim like a red hot blackthorn ; here was — ah, sure, ivoryono was there as plain,' an twice as plain, as the dock on the town hall. An' ivoryono had their worst foot, foremost; ay, 'twasn't all tho nice tilings! Jop said o' this one an' that. Aw no, 'twas just tho things that gave people their nicknames, and what we all used to laugh about. "'Twasn't too laughin' angered'us an' mado us promise to keep a stone up our sleeve for Mr. Jop. Naw, sir ; ' twas t'other things. Divil too liko of it ye iver heard. You'd toink Ologheen had kioked him out into toe world ; . instead o' it bein' his own town, an' the place he was born in, an' it full of his. own friends.- 'Twas a scandalous piece of impideneo.- It made too blood boil in us. Ologheeu. was a -littlo dirty town built on the side of a'hill, says Mr. ' Jop. ': Clogheen hadn!t a stone in the sidewalks of it, says Mr. Jop,' that wasn't cracked, or a houso that wasn't ready to fall,, or a shop fit-to soil rags. You'd find whisky runnin' down tho gutters on fair days, says Mr. Jop, . an' ivery man an' child in it drunk us a fiddler, - an' ivery second man wbaokin' liiB neighbour wi' . a blackthorn, an' toe women screeoliin' an' fightin':; an' all day long, says Jop, you'll find the oltizens (that was too word) keepin' tho walls from inlliu' by stundin' against them, an' their 'wivos, claokin' .in their tatters, an' the ohilder pullin' toe tails out o' toe pigs in the gutters ; au' the whiff o' turf smoke'd blind ye,, nn' you'd hear notoin' but tho clinkiu' o' spoons on too trimhlors all day long. That wo9howJop talked ; that was what he said o' toe town ho was horn in, too little pot- headed liar ! Why, daug me," oriod James, and sinoto his fists together, "twas a wonder some -of us. didn't take the train to Dublin an' drag his coat-tails through too Liffey. What d'ye toink yourself, Mr. Jan? " asked James, and leant towards me. "Eh? Wouldn't it ha' served the blaggard right ?" " It would, James," said I, whilst Hal and Jim gave vigorous assent, and Mike Brady muttered something sweet concerning traitors and turncoats ; "it would have served him right. He was a child of darkness, James," said I. "But surely you did something, Jumes?. Surely you did ? " James paused a moment to light his pipe, then settled baok against his pile of bay, and between whiffs continued : "Aw, yis; we did sometoin'. 'Twasn't to he thought of that Clogheen boys 'd let suoh a ohanoo slip. But time, enough for that. How muoh longer have I, Mr. Jan? Ten minuted, yo say. Ay, well, that'll do me. Things quieted down in Clogheen alter a week or two ; an' in tho course o' time home comes Jop to see too ould father. Yis, We were waitin' for" that. He was little ohanged to all appearance; his clothes, maybe, were a trifle smarter, an' himself a bit brightened up, an his tongue oilier an' freer, hut muoh too same he looked ; ay, mush too same. An' jist as if nothin' had happened he takes himself here an' there. ' How aro ye, mo son' ?!. ho saya to this one ; arid ' Bully for you, me hoy,' he shouts to that It was a drink here with him . arid two there, an' withal- one could see wi' half an eye that you couldn't please him bettor nor by tellin' him we'd read his story, an' were powerful proud of it an' him. Bnt not wo ; och," not at all. .. We jist kopt out- tongues in our oheek, listened to his big talk au' his.romanoin' about the girls o' Dublin ; jist held our tongues, an' winked, at eaoh other, an' got ready for him. " At last, one day, up marches Billy Brody, him that was manager in toe butter yard, to me bold Jop, axes him to have a drink, ah' over the tumblers ' gives out that some o' too boys o' toe town were anxious to have a spree with- Jop, jist to.meet him ori , toe quiet an' oraok : a couple ' o' bottles un' make a night, of.- it, an' Bhow Jop how proud thoy all were of him. They'd kopt things quiet up. to this, says Billy, because — well, because they'd liko - to give Jop a hit of a. surprise ; an' 'twas only to givo Jop a ohanoo to git ready a hit of a speooli, an' all that, that Billy- was tolling him this. Would Jop come? asked Billy, in' a floostered kind o' way; would Jop honour the company by showin' himsdf among "thom? Beeause .- if he uould thev'd be waitin' for him at riim, o'oioek that, night in the barn over Mrs. Grogan's stables; (twas a poor place to bring him to, an' the hoar was late, bnt Buro toey were anxious to keep to themselves au' to keep ' from toe noses o! the polioo. Would Jop oomo? Bays Billy ugain. An' at too word Jop whaoks the counter, lets fly a big oath, says he this un' that but Billy was a briok an' the boys wore darlints, an' he'd oome like a shot, an' dang their evea bnt they'd have a night of it. "Willi, sir, nine o'oioek comes an' there we ure, about thirty of us; in Grogan's barn, waitin' for Jop. 'Twas a biggish plaoo, at the baok o' too town, wi' hay an'straw along tho walls an' an \ odd saok of oats hore an' thero , on' .Bittin' about' -on toe floor an' on! sitoks . an' stools and huokets wero tori lot of us, 'wi' Billy Brody ail by liimsolf in a big ohair in toe middlo of the barn. An! there was no whisky, ant no eigri of any . ; ; nn!. half tho pipori: among ; us weren' t goin' ; an' wo said littlo, an' 'twas only to snuff tho candles that stood here un' there about tho fluro in bottles that one of us'd stir a limb. / ._ ' "After a while we hears tho tramp tramp o' Jop up the barn ladder j thon his big head shows above the fluro, then his shoulders, an' before ybn'd wink, "one o'- too boys had tho trapdoor olosed hehirid him an' was sittin' on it. - r " " 'Ho, ho, me sons,' says Jop,' turnin. to us, an' rubbin' his hands; 'ho, ho, me sons. Good evonin' to yo. all, . Bully hoys, bully boys,' - ; - '! An' next thing, two .of the boys had Jop by toe arms an' were twiatin' thom behind his baqk. Ho was took by surprise, an' for a eeoond : or two he stands ' dumhfonndored ; "toon trios to turn ronnd.'an shouts : ' What ! what! What's.thls? Let me go, ye fools.' ,But too hoys hold him as if he was a child, an' Billy Brody shouts from his olmir, ' Silence in court, . Joseph Hanly.' ' Silenco yourself, Billy Brody,' answers Jop, on' struggles like blazes. 'Let inrigo,' he shouts, an' froths at toe mouth, (aw, swoop ye, let mo io.!'! Bui to might jist as well ha' fought against a riteara . engine; an' five minutes after, ho was stand in', pantin,' like a mad "dog, an' as white aa chalk, before Billy an' too big chair. . ; "There was a scufflo o!, foot as we all gathered round;', on! V Silence,' roars'Billy, then buttons his coat,: riloars his throat, an' lriokin' for all tori worid as if he was the judge at the assizes, begins his spceoh. "You'd.be waitih' for your suppers," said \- Jairies. " if JC tried to come to too end of all Billy Brody. gave _ ori,t , in that apeeoh of his. 'Twas as good a pieoe o' work as ever oame to. my ears; an' twas as good a piece o' banter as ever Jop heard, that I'll swear. to. - Not u word did Billy .Bay about what .was comin'. Och,. riot one. v Not a word did Billy say about Jop's story, an' toe way people took it in Ologheen. ... .Ooh, not one. . Not a threat did Billy iriake, not an "oath came from him, not an angry word crossed his lips. What he said, dang my eyes if I remember a syllable ; an', yet, somehow; 'we all felt We'd rather be trampin' a treadmill nor stundin' in Jop's shoes. Och, Billy hod powerful gifts — power ful gifts.. It's wonderful to toink o' toe way- he said nothin' that night, an' out Jop to the quiok wi' it. "At last' out from his pooket Billy takes one o' toe books Jop had his name in, wote his finger, tarns over for a whilo, then holds toe book open before Jop's face, an' says Billy : 'Joseph Hanly,' says he, 'd'ye deny, or don't ye, that your hand wrote what ye see afore yonr two eyes?' 'Why, o' course I wrote it,' answers' , Jop, smart an' quiok like that; dang yo, can't yo 600 I did? Isn't me name to it?' ' I know,' answers Billy, turnin' "round the book. 'Just so,' says he, then takes, a candle, clears his throat, an' says he,. ' Joseph Hanly,' savs he, 'did ye or did ye not write these words ?' .and in a big hull's voico Eilly starts reading' what Jop 'had said about Ologheen bein' a dirty little town that was built on a hill, an' hadnit a sound stone in its sidewalks, an' all tho rest. 'Did ye write those words, Joseph Hanly?' says Billy, lookm at hiin, 'or.did ye not?' ' Why, great king,' "shouts Jop, 'can't ye seS I did?' ' Off wi' his coat, 'says Billy to tho two hoys that had grip of his arms, an' at the word .' off ' they peel toe coat from bis baok an' flirigsit on the floor. "Billy crosses his legs .again, an' goes on wi' his reading o' what Jop hod wrote about tori whiskyneuriyrunnin'down Ologheon street, an' the drunken men whaokin' each other, an' toe women eoreeohin' at their corit tails. 'Did ye write those words, Joseph Hanly,' says Billy at toe ond, ' or did yo not ?' ' Ax me fat, Billy "Knook-itnee'— that being Billy's nickname, you know— answers Jop, seoiu' how things wore goin', and at toe word, ont roars Billy, 'Oif wi' tho whelp's waist coat,' roars he, an' true enough off it comes and is pitched on top of the coat. " Billy crosses his legs again, clears his- throat, an' foils to readin' what Jop wrote in tho storybook about too Ologheen men keepin' the walls from fallin', an' toeirwives clackin' in their tatters, an' the ohilder pallm the tails off the pigs, an' ail that. 'Are these your words, Joseph Hanly?' "says Billy again: . 'or are thoy not?' 'Ax both me. feet, Billy, tho hump,' answers Jop, qntok an' sharp; then makes a - jump to get loose. 'Ah, let me at (your countenance,' shouts Jop. . ' Great king; let me at ye 1 ".'Off wi' his boots,' roars Billy, wi'out. movin! a muscle-; -an' down "Jop - goes on his hack an' off coriteS'toe hoots!' \- Jairies paused a inoment and looked at me. "Is time up, "Mr.! Jan?" said he. " Eeeause- — — : "Finish your story," I answered, and spoke for the ring. 1 . "A minute, moro or less' won't matter, and if himself," . I looked at the master, still sitting fast asleep, "wakes I'll answer for you.": "Right," answered James, "I'll not bo ' a minute now. Where was I ? Aw, yis. Well, sir, off comes Jop's. boots— toon off comes his hat-rthon off oamo his collar an tie— then off oame his——" . .. " Whisht, wi'. ye, James Daly," cried Anno, his wife. " Keep a dacent tongue in ye or come away, to your work;" "You'd seem to know all about it, Mrs! Daly," answered James. " Well, then, to spare your feelin's I'll — never heed, all '11 keep till I get home. Then . .off comes his— Naw. Then rip gets Billy from his ohair, takes a sheet from one of the boys und wraps it round Jop, pulls a penny dip from his pocket, lights it ah stioka it in Jop's right hand, puts the book he'd been readin' in his left, and shouts, ' .Right about face. Quiok muroh.' An' down too barn to too trap door Jop goes between toe two hoys, an' him . whimperin' like a babbr. An Billy first, and the rest of us after him, down wo go ot Jop's heels, on' out through a baok door into a lane that goes down hill past the ohuroh to toe canal. "'Twas a find" warm night, about this time o' year, an' at first' one o! toe boys koeps his hand on Jop's month .to stop his whiiriporin' ; hut When wo were well away from toe houses, and one of ris had started piayin' the ' Rogue's March ' on a tin whistle, he gets his ohanoo to say a word. \- " 'Ah, what are ye goin' to do wi' me?' says he, an' twiets his head to Billy Brody; In God's name, what , are ,ye goin' to do? Aw, Billy, Billy, lot me go !' I never did yo harm, Billy,' says Jop. 'Aw, me feet, me feet ! Aw, I'm cowld, I'm cowld ! Aw, Billy, Billy, what aro yo goin' to do ?' 'Wash- tho Dublin mud off o' .ye in too oanal, Joseph Hanly,' answers Billy. 'Come. Quito march there wi' toe rogue.'. An' off wri go, wi' Jop roarin' meiln murther, downhill towards too oanal. "Liko that wo wont past the ohuroh, down by toe fair green, an' aoross toe meadows, an' jist, as we got' sight o' tho oanul, all at onus toe shout was ri? that tho polis were comin' ; an' at the wordoff .weullsetheiter- skeltor through the fields, ono this way, an' one that, an' laves- poor Jop shiverin' thero in r the sheet, an' roarin'. for meroy, an' grippin' his book in one hand an' toe earidle in t'other. An' -too last thing I mind seoin' was a polisman wi his hand on Jop's arm mrirohiir him off to the barraoks." James stopped. The master woko. "tV!o ail rose and turned our faces to .work. "But what's too end, James?" oried Tod and Hal. " "What came of it all P" " That's the ond," answered James, but to me ho contirined, as wo (walked aoross toe raoadow, " It all oamo right in toe end. Yo know the polis ! Sure wasn't tho sergeant himself ornoified in Jop's story. And can't ye' do anything in toe world wi' u drop o' whisky? Anyway, whisky- did too trick that night, for toe olook hudn't struck twelve when. Jop nnd Billy shook hands in toe barraoks kitohin, and sat down wi' their glusses to a quiet game o' cards. But nivec again did Jop curl any of his bendibaseB round Ologheen; aw, no, sir, troth he didn't." 