SPORTING. THE TURF. 'Tl~?Motto-tirainfel Mackay accounted for the big race at Newcastle on Sat urday in fine style. Morganf had a good position, when the turnii was reached, and as"the field. came .down the straight Mackay had the race, well in hand, : his most dangerous :opponent beicing Wollogorang. fMarvellouis' sont, as far as appearances went, never looked better, and lihe did the vetesail, C'hanfe, a lot of credit. B. Siilnmons possesses ia fine- loolkinug more in Lady.Darling, who planced the FIlying to her, credit'at 'Neircstle on Saturday. Slhis by Nordenfeldt-from Grace Darling, so that, on the score:of breeding alone she- shouild be.worthi'an occasional investment. If Lady Darl ing does not make a namne for herself a lot of good., judges will be a. loing way out of their calculations' Hereford againi failed to do his sup porters a kindly turn on= Saturday. Sent out favourite for the Shorts Han dicap, lie was never once. troiblesomd, Winnie wiining easilyfirom Lacoena at the finisli. Torment was another dis appointment. The Grandmaster mare Brydan nicely handled by Quinii, i?on' the- Park Stakes easily from Ma'bel. At Walls end the other day Bryda ran second to Torment, and those punters who. sawr her finishi on that occasion did nit: forget her when the hooks opened.::, Sinking Fundi was backed for a.lot of money iii the Flying'Welter, but he, never gave "one thie impression 'that. lie hadl even the ghost of .a show with Lady Drailing: All the clever contin-s gent were on First Wat.er's'son, and. tlhei' money is iiow. to' tlie credit of Ikey Mo's sinking,fund.. ' W\'ollogorang was voted an "absolute" for the big handicap,: but like',many; other good thinUgs lie vent down. Later in the day, however, he nmade ainends for his defeat by ,romping" home in the Welter. The V.A.T.C.'s antumn meeting was brought to a. conclusidn at Caulfield on Saturday.: The' attendance - was very fair, but the clubiexpect to lose £ 1000 over thlejtieetiin?? ' There were. eleven' starters' fbor thies Bond Cup at. Caulfield :on .Satuidasy,, and after a good .race Roy"i? Pl?ple was returined as the w. inner.-. r. nighllt's mare hais :earnedi a '10lb pen altly for the AuLstraliiin Cop. Sydney-owned horses won four races at Caulfield on Shturday. The principa.l -event h't C'inteiburyir Park on Saturday si:as 'on by' Willie, with' Arquebus ITI. second,' and Win gello third.' .... 1Entries for thli Doncaster Iandicap and Sydney Cup fall due to-day. Gauldon " and ,Woodlarl have been .withdrawmn fromn tile V.R.C.. Cliampioi l-in Melbourne. on Friday night Corn quist was. backed for the Newmarket iHandicap to the extent of 5000.i The price ranged- front 100 to 2 to 100 to 4\. Cornquist is now -equaln favourite for the Newmnarket with Sequnce. Cavalier, by Battailous, has been..re turned to his owlner ins Queensland. A fineof £.2 was imposed by'. the Brighton stewards on. Friday upon the owner- of -Fantasy- for .neglect-: 'to scratch the horse in the Tramway I-nndicap within the prescribed time. Jackdaiw. wilnner of the lRookdale Handicap at Brighton on Friday was protested against, on 'the ground of alleged interference" with htarold. -The stewards, after a carefnl inquiry, vere satisfied; and -dismissed 'the potest. ; The V.R.C. conimittee on: Friday. ini quired-furtlier into the disqiialificatioli of Pearson, ..rider of Pietorious in the Sandown Park Suburban Hanidicap, for three months :on the score: of sus picious riding, which the V.R.C. sub commnitte had confirmed. ' The inquiry was adjourn'ed:" -" ' At Randwick lon "SRturday morning Iullomin .and Rock -Forest ran six fur longs in Imin 20i/see.. Longford beat Woodlarlk over. a mile .in failr time. .,eaunfort, Our Qiieen,:and. Horace .?re togethier at'theiend of six furlongs in I nin 201%sec. Meribah ran- a mile in 1rin 5i/%sec, Snoozer. going the first six furlon gs;with liim. ;Bob w?ais in front of Cleon at the end of three-quar ters,of a mile, i'us iii luinr 21sec" Turee beat Tillimiby over a.. similar distance inin mn -22see. Tliaewoirk on the" tan was commenced by St 'Clare, who was sent a.milew ith -a light boy up, and rin the journe3. in.1min,451/sec. Alice Mostyhi and Idle 'Boy" finished togothele over sixs furlongs: in umin 1isec., John Rid lbeat Bcttkle at the end of seveii furlongs, run iii lin in34sec. i :Bitle wilngs. finished ahead of , Violet a' nd Gold overi,six furlongs its nuinii19lisea, and The Prize rann a similalr distance in onel iinlite 2:10 ; :'secoilds., :Boinnie Bioye-' beit' ' Iltnjitsinhji ,by,- "-_ a" couple of lengths over 'three-quarters of a niile in 1min' 201/see,; whilst B:rd zed ? Lad nd' Nighltfaill : e ere together at the' end oftlie samitedistance" ii. 1nmin' lo?/stec.-' A Flieniiig on o'i'Sti tlnda ay ?i n=r iig, several god gallops were execuited by"aiidiidntes' engaged' iii the ;V'.... Ndi'inawlui.lI?etndicap: "HenCry tiftar going steadily= ofver tl'e first couileaof fuilongs; of?'o the iile, dcoinpleted ?the full journey iii ?lin 49?sec, s'withl tlihe assistance of Ifaulette:oel: o the last five furlongs. A umile and a, half:wasu War God's talsl: 'on: the tain track, whilchl ie dlid'iniiis il53/see.' Fides, with. Cit danino; rani fis'e furlongs on the tnn in 1sin i 101/see. With Old Salt in ,ihe first part Blunderer rattled over. eiglit furlongs. on the sandil track. is lnin 4fsee.,: and IJautsoy was in front-..of Hobson and Lord .lRudolph at the eend of six furlongs, icosered in iminls21secd, on the sand rinc Watchl Dlog was ahead of Caledonia at the conclusion of a: go over .three-quirters :of Ea :mile .bsing triwersed: in -lmi O2sec. ,Sehliorse, issisted, at, intei.als :b' -.piappooib,; Naiotlh, and: Lethbridge, got: over ael vein furlongs : n ;the sand trii? il 5mini Ieaac, and dia it?'fwlioot anf fort; maling ,the gallop of the seasoni so far.: Three lifsrtirs eitfa" mil, w?vns negotiatedl :b? 5?mouiiretta r who?oihe psleted .thejouiiney ifi'.iii linsis isa? ?hil'st long dahl, got over inimin Osec. ' ; At Ciulfield'-, there wovas not imucdh faInst work done:on tleitraolks on Frilday morning~.> Scorn got?i)oses' ix fasiliibs in lmin ,22se,::lno iirnostir ttiigig lilm' along the lfirst tlhreen ? PretoTiods was lhard held, over sik' fj:rtloisga in 1mli 27isec; and. Forest :albo ` ans out at his top over a sniilcl-in' lniifl Siscc. WiVit-a-'it ran- oves' Vengansza' duribig a tour over a mile in Imin 521/see, and Carita and nEmperor sprinted five fur longs i intluin 7?/sec. Burnato bent FFairlie over a. mile in 1min 421/sec.' ''own Clock ran nine furlongs in 2miu ilsee, whilst. Ilescuec slipped over six furlongsiln imin misec. , According to Ite iouslnsham, the stable has", not baicked Foret for the Newmarket IIandicap, aid he'iim~a not stnart. :,RKoleold stumbled in, thie St. Ielier's Stakes at Caulfield on -.Saturday, ;'and brokelhis' shoulder. i Tlie'?hances are ie iwill here to be destroydedi,' P'arthiani did not' take paist in the St. Hclier's 'Stakes at :Criulfield;' having ver-reachlil .hiiiiself wlien galloping. Weights !for tlie, A.T.C.: raes to e held of Randivick on. Saturday net:are hine, to-day. - iThe rider of IKobold 'at Cailfield oi Siiturilay lodged 'a complaint;, gainst 1.' Clel;, rider .of Stanid-Off, for inter? ferenee. The steivards held an inquiry, and after. hearing, the evidence, they exonerated Cleal. - 