UflDEß FATE'S WHEEL! 1 a By LAWRENCE L LYNCH, Author of " Against Odds," " No Proof," 6c., &o.; CHAPTER XXX.-(Concluded.) " When I met Miss Cassandra Chetwynde at the cemetery," continued the dying girl, " I feared her keen eyes, but I could not resist the temptation to go to the villa that night, hoping to get into his room. You knew how 1 was baulked then ! Then I began to play ghost at Redlands, with the aid of my wheel and some of my trick riding, in the hope, sooner or later, of getting the chance to (lo Miss Hilton an Injury. When I encountered the two ladies at the Heights, I knew that Miss Cassandra suspected me ; and when L found that th¿ sheriff was again in Lee, I determined to make an attack upon Miss Hilton and go away at once. You see how mat has eudfidl As for the tales about Mr. Hilton, I set them going because he was her brother, and I hated her and longed to make her suffer as I did." Her speech for some moments has been gradually growing slower, with longer intervals between the sentences, and now she pauses, and seems thinking, and gradually her gaze fixes Itself upon the face of Hope Chetwynde, and as she look» Hope bends closer, drawn, It would seem, by that gaze. . v.. " What is it ?" she asks In a half-whlsp&r.; A look of pleased surprise dawns upon the pallid face. " You knew," she says, " that I was thltfk Ing of you. May I ask you a few ques- tions ?" and the look in the eyes grows pathetically eager. " Anything, If fou are strong enough." Hope's voice Is very kinch " Ever since that day when you let mo look at him, I have thought about you often. You have always been good ? Always boen happy ?" " Good !"-having promised to reply, Hope does not hesitate-" fear not-not always. And happy ? Except for the loss of friends I have had no troubles." " I knew It ! And you were taught good- ness, and about God and heaven, and how we ought to live, were you not ?" " Yes," Hope replies wonderlngly. "Do you think that you and I, when wo,were little children, could have been alike-were bom so, I mean, I as good as you ?" "'I I am sure of it, child !" '"And If you had been In my places-If you grew up among rough people-bad people ? What If your mother died-the only one who was gooü and wise and kind that you had known-if she had died when you were just a child ?" '" My mother did die then." " But"; and he.e the gill's eyes go swiftly from Hope's faco to tnat of Aunt Cass. " But you had her ; and, ob, the differ- ence !" Suddenly Hope leans forward and catchos the girl's hand lying limp and white upon the counterpane. " Listen !" she says gently, iirmly. " The difference.will all be In your favour. If I had done what you nave aone mine wouiü be the greater sin, for I knew. We came into this world alike^ equal ; you, Lorna Hilton, and I Tho same God sent us here, the same will judga us.'^"And If Lorna and I have been given more of"love and care and friends, we shall be accountable for more. And If we sin, our sin is greater, because we knew. If you have done wrong, your Judge, who knows how you have lived, lacking the things given to us, will judge you less severely, and will forgive you the more readily because of these things. And "you, poor child, if I had been In your place I might have been a worse woman, perhaps. If your sin has been great, your Judge knows your sufferings, and you are atoning for it with youi lite now !" " I-say It again." As Hope repeats the words, Mrs. Htltdri whispers to the doctor, " Should not thi3 be stopped ?" But he shakes his head. " It does not matter," he says, just loud enough for all to hear, but with his face turned from the bed, " she is growing deaf. It is a last symptom , and she is burning to talk. Let her be gratified. It cannot matter ; and when the next change comes there may be a few hours of life, but little more speech or hearing for her." ? As a proof of his words, she does nat hear his low but distinct utterances ; and as he ceases, Aunt Cass slips down upon her knee3 beBide the bed, with her face close to that of the dying girl. " Inez 1" she says ewleranly, " listen to me, and try to understand. In some way you have done a wrong to all here-to these two young men, who have both been doubted, suspected, because of the deed you have done ; to Miss Hilton, who might have been a blind, disfigured sufferer ¡ril her days, because of you, but for the sheriff here-" " But for you, Miss Chetwynde," breaks in the sheriff in a hushed voice. " You have hated my niece, and tried to make her unhappy ; you have played the ghost, and thereby made Mrs. Hilton's home uncomfortable, and her servants afraid. You have deceived and tricked me. But, in spite of all this, there is not one of us hero who does not forgive you willingly, fully, because we know that before you could sin against us you muse have suffered deeply, and been deeply wronged. Can you' not see, my child, that if we can forgive you your Father and Judge, who, more for- giving and loving than any mortal, will surely forgive when you ask to be forgiven ? And in taking a life-a life that belonged to Him-you have wronged Him more than all." Slowly-«lowly the hopeless shadow fades out of the dark eyes, and a new look enters there. " Oh," she whispers, " now-I--begin to understand !" and then, after a moment, " What must I-do ?" " Forgive others from your heart, and ask to be forgiven." " Not-Willard Beale ?" " Yes." " I can't !-I never can. I will-" " Listen !" the firm but gentle voice in- terposes. " You are not the only one whom that man has wronged. Think of Miss" Hilton, and how narrowly ehe has escaped a worse fate than yours. Think If she had married him, what a life hers must have been, what suffering ; for, my poor child, while a wronged woman Is deeply to be pitied, a wife's sufferings are most heart-breaking of all ! And think, too, of my niece Hope. How he has,deceived her, and how she has opened her home to him, shared her purse with him, made him a companion or intimate. How he has wronged her, and also her dear brother, In his fai-off grave, outraging most sacred family ties. These wrongs are less than yours, it is true, but they are bitter wrongs notwithstanding, and ask them If they do not forglvp this dead man !" Silence for a moment, then : " May I-see -Miss-Hilton ?" Slowly, but without a moment's hesitation, Lorna moves forwaid, stands a moment at the bedside, and then drops upon one knee beside the spinster. " Inez," she says, softly, "lama woman like you, full of faults, and needing to be forgiven for many things. As I hope to be forgiven, I forgive you ! I for.glvo Felix Willard Beale ! I never meant to do you a wrong ; and if I have causea you sorrow or heartache, forgive me, as I pray the blessed Lord to forgive us both." And now the dark eyes close, and two tears come slowly from beneath the whito lids. "Oh," she says, with a long, quivering sigh, " you have forgiven me before I asked ! And-I meint to ask ; I did. I did ! Oh, I didn't know folks were so good ! No one has been so good to me ever before-If they only had !" She is silent so long that the'doctor lifts his finger, and signals, and one by one they file from the room, all but the doctor and Aunt Cassandra. ' [ Half-an-hour later the spinster enters the I drawing-room, whero all have remained, | awaiting the final word from the room in Which the sheriff has now no interest, nor place ; yet wheio the prisoner Is a prisoner still, but with death standing guard. " The chango lias come," she says, sadly, but yet with a look of relief. " But she Is repentant - reconciled ; and she docs not suiter in the least. It was a sudden sinking of the vital forces -a weakness, the íesult, in an unusual form, the doctor says, of concussion. Her speech, hearing, life Itself, will fail her I altogether. She is as weak as an infant, , and helpless like ono ; and she may llvo like this two weeks peihaps." She looks across at Mrs. Hilton. The look Is a question. " She shall have such care and comfort as We can give her," the lady says, as. If In reply. '' After all, In a strange and terrible way, she has been a benefactor to most of us." " There is one question," says the sheriff, " still to be decided. What usa, if any, 'shall we make of what we now know 1 Miss H^pe, what is your will ?" Hope looks up from her place beside Loyd, where, for twenty minutes, she has been sitting in sober contint, and her reply Is i ready. - \ " Loyd must be cleared ! As for the ' Identity of the dead man, why need that be made known ? We are not old resi- dents« here, only summer sojourners. If possible, I would have the whole pitiful, hateful story a secret among us who are £ere." ' - ."> \< > " If you will trust it to" me, I think I can manage It," said the sheriff. T ' When the next issue of the " Weekly Lee Gazette" appeared the following interesting bit of news was chronicled on Its foremost page, headed- j "MURDER WILL OUT. " On Tuesday last Sheriff Cook returned | from a two weeks' absence upon business of an Important and very private nature. " Sheriff Cook has been working in private upon the Chetwynde case, or the ' Tragedy of the Heights,' as our esteemed contemporary has caliea It ; nnd he went abrond in soarch of evidence which, being found, entirely removes from Mr. Loyd Hilton's shoulders any faintest suspicion of guilt. It seems that, learning that a strange young man had been seen in thfe neigh- bourhood at about the time of the shooting, the sheriff, who from the first flouted the Idea of Hilton's guilt, quietly traced him ; and his search ended, at the deathbed of the real slayer of Felix Chetwynde. "A full and complete confession entirely ""exonerates Mr. Hilton, and we, with his many friends, unite in offering sincere con- gratulations. " There was, It appears, an old feud be- tween this man and Chetwynde, all the facts being known to the parties most concerned. It has been decided-death having cancalUd the debt to justico-to let the dota'ils remain unpublished, a3 its exploitation could only whet a morbid appetite and benefit none. We have the above direct from the Sheriff, and it may be regarded as official and final." In the same issue, on another page, there appears this item : " Wa learn from Dr. Jarvis that a young lady who is a visitor at Redlands Is in a critical condition owing to a fall, from a bicycle while in rapid mution. The* Injury has affected the brain, and there is but little hope of her recovery." --'? " Th0 best way to keep a secret," Aunt Cass has said, " lb to tell It," and It proves true. Poor Vic Harch, instead of being an \,object of doubt or suspicion, becomes a sub jüul lor commiseration, and for calls, curious or kindly ; and when, some ten days after her last ghostly tide, she breathes her last, painlessly, and with her fast glazing eyes fastened upon the face of Aunt Cass, it Is as a friend and guest that she is borne lo the city, where she is laid to re3t In the beauti- ful home of the dead, not as the friendless I sinner, but as an erring soul, whose one hope is in the All Meiclful. , . r J, " When the vlast- day *comes," says Aubt j'Cass, as they look the last upon the stilled face, " I would rather be poor Inez than J the man we have known as Felix Chet i wynde !", Who does not say Amen 7 Hope and Loyd, Lorna and Torry, are too happy to long remain under the cloud cast over them by the sins and sorrows of others. There is much to explain and to confess. j But the one confession most necessary to happiness of each has been made In many wordless ways long before that balf- hour in the parlour at Redlands, when, coming from that scene of confession and approaching death, they came together without needrfor words, and felt that life for, them was" at high tide at last. As for the sheriff, he wooes in the'riood "old-fashioned way, deliberately, but success- fully at last. Lorna and Hope are married In the early autumn, and one day Aunt , Cass finds Hope, the young matron, in her fine new city hemn, hanging over the'en- trance door the silver horseshoe that bas been her mother's " lucky guard" for all the years she can recall. " I wouldn't take that for. my household lucky bit, Hope," she says. ~ " It dight to be a tiny, gilded bicycle. Have not all the things that have really happened, be- gun, or ended-for you, Loyd, Lorna, Terry, myself, nil of us- with the bicycle ?" " Begun ?" " Yes. Whether you place the beginning at the Manhattan Cycle Me't, when that poor, unhappy girl fell from her high wheel, or whether you go further back to the day when she set tho wheels of Fate in motion by running away from home to be a bicycie rider." f ''Ah !" sighs Hope, "she stopped Fate's wheels then, at least for herself, when she took her last ride from the boathouse to Hlgglns's tennis-net. Poor, misguided, | misled Inez !" " Say, rather, that from the very be- ' ginning she was under Fate's wheels. Have you ever reflected, child, on the «aprlces of this so-call d blind goddess ? Some of us a few only, ehe cxrrlos triumphantly on' in her charot, blga above 'he mud and slime, secure from the pitfalls, mid only touched now and thon, in passing, by a flying bit from the roadway, or shaken by a jolt here and there, while others-Uko poor Inez-begin their iournoy ¡md end it under Fate's wheel." "Poor Inez!" murm-rs the happy wlfe> " Heaven pity and forgive all such !" (The End,) Tho Rev. J. Macpherson, of the Dunwich and St. Helena Mission, has returned from visiting Dunwich. On Sunday and Monday divine service was held m «he women's racssroom. Addresses were given to at- tentive congregations. Miss A. Hill presided at the piano, and led the singing. The various hos- pital and other wards were visited, and the in- mates were ministered to individually. Mr. Mac- pherson acknowledges the receipt of a parcel of periodicals ''om Jireh C.E.S. | 