Short Story. A Horrible Fright. Ti. T. MRADE, 111 "The Struml." I ibvu't llliink 1 am at all nervous, mul. therefore, when I say !;hat 1 am about to describe two hours of absolute aony I hope my readers will believe that ibe eli-einns-.a.-ieos were at tlto btvd excep tional. and will sr.ill irivo me credit for beltiR ;t i least as brave as most girls of my age. I have always despised so-called nerves, When a child '1 quite loved to sleep in the dark. At school I was the prime mover of ghost stories, and. I romcmlier now that some of my prac tical Jokes verged strangely upon the unkind and even dangerous. 1 .have been educated quite up to modern Ideas. It lh only a year since I left Ulrton. nnrd I nni now comfortably rstabllshod at home with my father and mother. 1 ant "the only daughter, and tun between 211 and -Jl years of age. We live in a large place about an hour's ride by rail from London. 1 Oiave my own special home, and a little pony carriage be sides for my exclusive use. 1 also have lll.v , study or bomhihv and can order ! , .n-iint.b solos T -please for my own benollt. aiot only from .Mudie. hut from the local liookselleis. I am passionately fond of music, and can play two or three In struments, I think I can say. without any false pride, that tny performances . on she violin are earlier brtitcr ifa-.nu those of most amateurs. 1 am afso great at all kinds of outdoor sports and games. I aim the champion player of the tennis clnli lo which I belong, and I inn at the present time snovios- fully getting up a lady's golf club. In short, 1 think 1 may truly say of my self that I represent the average, tlp-to- date, well- educated, rather strong- minded. iitmfleeutli-eeiitiiry girl. Now, I must toll about my fright. Ton can imagine that it must have been something special to put me Into such a state of terror that I cannot think of it even now without shuddering. 1 received an invitation late last au tumn to go to see my grandfather, who lives in Dublin. '.My mother did nor particularly wish me to go. I really 1th I n It motiieis must have premonitions, for there was no apparent reason for \- my not hiking such a simplu and caslly- . accomplished Journey. I had been abroad a good deal, and had liad adven tures more than one ; therefore, when my motlu-r fretted herself about my going from Loudon to Dublin, via Holy head, I could not help hrtighlug a t her. " If you must go alone. Virginia." she Mild, ".bad yon iiol belter travel by day V" "Oh, nonsense, nonsense," I said. "I hate traveling hy day, particularly by a route which I already know. Bosldiw, it Is such a waste of tittle. At Slight one can sleep and travel together. Oil, say no more about It dear, good mother. I'll take ttlie night mall froan Huston, this evening, and have break fast with grandfather In the morning." My mother made no further reiiion- Btrances, hut I hoard her sighing In the most aggravating style, and I knew she was mnnmtiring to herself about my headslrongnnss and li„w I never would listen to reason. Nothing makes me so olvainalo as those muttered renioiHtr.-Mces of my relatives. Are they afraid of inc. that Dliey don't, speak out V I am always hmenahle to reason, lint when people nnitter over me, then I hei-omc siuqily iniullsll. I adore my dear mother, lint even for her I cannot be expected to give up my own way when 1 hear her muttering that It is 'Must like Vir ginia," My things were packed, and I started off In good time to catch Hie night mail tit Kunton. " Yon had belter go In one of the Doditn' carriages," sahl .my farlier. I quite giisp.nl in horror when he made (this audacious proposal. "Now. do you siqqioso I am likely to Bo Anything quite so old-ma idisli ?" I replied. "No, 1 have fixed on the exact corner where T shall snooze a way from Elision 1o lolyhoa-(l." I led my father, oh I spoke, to a carriage where two old gentlemen had already eunifoi-tnbly es- hibllslnsl t'hemselves. They had spread "out. their rqgs, and lakcn complete pos- Bwslon of the corners which were out of 'tile draught. I was oblivious In draughts, and cliose my corner op|Kisito the old gentleman who wits nearest to the entrance door. My rather supplied nie with three or four evening paiiors. 1 had an uncut novel lit m.v hag, nitwl a lit'tle rend lug-lamp, which I could fasten In the window ledge. Two or ithi-ee moments later I had said farewell to -my fa tlicr. nnul the great express— the Wild Irish Olrl — had steamed hi grand style out. of the station. I like the feeling of being whirled Ithrougli space In tin express train going al the toil of its speed. I looked at the evening papers. Their contents did not Hp.-1rtly Interest nie. I rben gazed al my opposite nelglilnmr. He was very inont trad very rod. lie tucked his tiii- velllng rug ttgihtl.v n limit, him, and he- fore we had pnswd Wlllosden was fttst asleep- He made a d!,striv-slng noise wltih his loud snores, nud I thought him deeltledly Irrltitrhig. For a moment or two I almost regretted that f had not gone In tin empty 'ladies' carriage. Mhe dtiher old graitlenniiii wns scarcely n more agreeable travelling companion. He hnd a n'olny cough, ami a bnd eohl. He blew his nose, mill he coughed ulioiil every two minutes, and then lie looked around him to see If (here were any possible draughts. He not only shu'l Ills own window hut the ventilator above us well, anil then he glared at the ventilator which belonged to the snoring old gentleman and me. I made up my mind lluit that ventilator should only lie shut over my fallen body. The express went on its way -without lot or hindrance. Now and then It swayed from side to side, as if Its own' groat speed were making It giddy ; I hen again II steadied ilself, nud rushed on and on with tt rhylhinlc sort of motion, which was Inllnltcly soothing, and caused me to forget my two uninter esting companions, and to sink gradu ally into the hind of dreams. J was awakened presently from quite n sound nap by ttlie slowing of the train. It was coming into a great 'station, -which I fonml was Chester. We must have passed Crewe while I was asleep. My two companions were now all alive and brisk. They were fastening up Hielr rugs and folding their papers, and 1 saw thu L they Intended to leave tho train. "If yon are going oil to Holyhead," said the snoring one to ntu. "you have leu minutes to wait here— quite time 1o get a eitp or tea, If yon want one."' I thanked him, and thought that I Would carry his suggestion Into effect. %.w ?( -TOIL' 0? dftn would set nie up for the remainder ot my journey. 1 accordingly stepped on lo the platform niul went over the bridge to the great waiting-rooms, which presented at. this time a gay scene of eager, hungry, fussy men and women silting at tables, and standing tit counters, oach and all of thorn eating and drinking for hare life. 1 ordered my t<«n. drank It standing at plho counter, paid for It, and also for a linn, which I carried away wl'tth mc hi a paper bag, aaid relumed to my eairri'age. I saw a heap of rugs anil a large black hag deposited 1n the corner away from mine, mul wondered wltih a faint passing curiosity who my new Ira veiling eonipaaikvn was likely to be. 'ttlie gutted on nie up at. this moment to see if 1 were comfortable. He said that we would not estop ngaln until we reached Holyihead. aaul asked me if I wanted for any thing. 1 .-aid " No." " IVrliap.s you'd like me to lock the carriage dour, miss V" lie sahl. "The ta'.iln Is not too full to-night, ami I can '.(anage It." 1 laughed and pointed 'to the rugs trnd hag in the oppistte corner. " Somebody has already taken posses skill," 1 said. " Uut -if you wish, ndss. I'll put tliose tihtngo In another carriage," said the guard. "No, no," I replied, "I don't mtnd company hi the least." .T'llst then my fellow-traveller put la all mppearoce. Ife mis. a t>tg main, wrapjied iqi .in a great ulwler and with a mufller round his throat and mouth. The guard looked at him, 1 thought, a little suspiciously. This made me angry. I .have no patience with tliose squt.ara'Wh girls who think every mam viae sees lhem unlet offer them either admiration or Insult. 1 looked very cheerful, made wa.y for the traveller to take Ids seat, and -smiled and thanked the guard. A moment later the train Marled en Its way. (To be concluded 