NEW RIDDLES. When does the pine pinc5? When the loscs leave., Why w was the eat cught? Because of its paws' pause. When will Steyn stay in? When he is with his cronie, Cronjo. Why is the band banned? Because a noire annoSs. Why is something something? De cause it's not naught. Should a woman woo man' If it suit her suitor. Why did the cook cook? To get the bacon bake?n. When is a class "class"? Wheni its elect are select. VWhat, would mnake a real reel? Wood woutl, with a cotton on, after the tur ner turned her out of a bored board. Why (did the flag flag? Because a Boer bore it. Whenll does .the cook cook? °When she lets the stew stew. We also give the following verse of poetry which, although not a riddle, exhibits the same play upon words as the above conundrums: Our pleasuro boat had sprung aL leak, WVe had no nails to tnil her: In vain we tried to plug tie hole, No;r could the eailhr sail her. With hats we hal'ed the tatir out, To rai'te and lighlter take iher, But all our labour went. for naught. lice:au- Ia reaker Icrake her. Od Gen tleman to ldaughiter): ".\ndtl so you lhave prolli-cd to tIl rry young -inanll-st Daughter: .Y.. papa. and the dclay is set. and the miinister selected. and weo are going to Europe." Old Gentlemlan u(timidly): ''"My dear, I hl::ve a great favcur to ask of you." Daughter: "What is it. papa?" Old Gentleman: "If I am not asking too mlluch. would you mind sending me cards to the wedding?" U'nountlh Younig Man-: L-ay I kiss you, Miss Jones?" BMiss Jones (indig nanutly): "What. do you mean. sir?" U.Y.M. ('urprised): "l)on't. you knuow what a hiss is yet ? Well, you are the funiniest girl I ever saw. Good crcn ing." "Polhemum. you look like a ghost. HIave you had a spell of sickuess?" '"No, 1Magruder. there's nothing the imatter with me but tmy microscope." "Your microscope? What dlo you mean:" "I was a happy man, Magruder. until mry last birthday. My wife made me a pre sent of a microscope, and in an evil hour I took it and began examining the articles of food we eat anld drink. Magruder, I've lived for two weeks on distilled water. It's the only thing that isn't full of nameless horrors." 