RELIGIOUS. The Rev. W. M. Clow, B.D., of the Barclay Free Church, Edinburgh, arrived in Sydney by the Melbourne express yesterday. Mr. Clow is to supply In tho YVoollahra Presbyterian pulpit for some mouLbs. On Ills arrival at Redfcrn station Mr. Clow was met and welcomed by the Revs, John Walker, John Auld, M.A., It. Scott West, Dr. Bruce, A. T. Anderson, M.A., J. H. Lawrie Mr. William Wood (financial secretary Presby terian Church of New South Wales), Mr. Steele (session clerk of tho Woollahra pulpit), and number of tho office-bearers. An adjournment waa made to a railway carriage, when tbe Rev. John Walker and the Rev. Dr. Bruce addressed a fow words of welcome to Mr. Clow, who re sponded In suitable terms. Mr. Clow Is staying at tho Hotel Australia. Mrs. Clow, who comes round from Melbourno by the Niucveb, will arrive in Sydney on Monday. In connection with the Presbyterian Centenary Thanksgiving Fund, the V:ev. John Walker, As sembly's commissioner, preached In Chalmere Church on the 9th Inst., and a public meeting was hold on tho evening of Monday, liHb, at which there was a large attendance, and a large number of promises wore received. Tho fund has uow entered tbe 2S.U90, and subscriptions continue to come in freely. There is no pulpit in St. Diary's Cathedral at present, the old one having boon removed. It Ls understood that when Lho architect (Mr. Wordell) died some time ago, an unfinished design for a new pulplL was found on his desk. A simple rail enclosure at tho top of tho sanctuary steps dooa temporary duty. The new Prison Gate Brigade Homo of the Sal vation Army, in Melbourne, was opened on Monday last by Mr. Alfred Deakin. It Is be lieved to be the first building of the kind that bae boon specially built to suit tho requirements of a Prison Gate Brigade by the array in any part of the world, such buildings being usually bought and altered to suit their needs. The new 'Insti tution is modelled on the beet possible lines, and iu accordance with tbe experience gained from many years' successful work. Tbe home will ac commodate about 70 men, including officers, and has cost over £3000. Tbo old borne, which ha« dono such admirable service formerly, 1s being utilised for workshops in connection with tho new home. Commandant Booth is appealing for 200 men and women, "full of faith and tbe Holy Ghost," to be trained for officers in the Salvation Army, to be known as the "Commonwealth Contingent," and to enter tbo new training home for officers which is being built, at a total cost for land and building, of £1S,000, on the day that tho colonies aro proclaimed a Commonwealth. Tho Rev. Dr. C. II. Buck, of the Methodist Epis copal Church of New York, is on a visit to Syd ney, along with Mrs. Buck. He will preach at the Centenary-ball to-morrow evening. Tho Anglican Synod for the diocese of Sydney is to meet on October 2. At tho Chrlstiau Endeavour Council meeting on Thursday evening, tho superintendent of local unions, inspired by the military and naval spirit of the time, sought to score by referring to tho ; cndcavourers In the colony as "Sons of tbe C.E." Tho Rev. J. G. Raws, of Adelaide, who has been on a visit to England, lias been presented by some friends of Dr. Maclarcn's chapel with three volumes of Cassell's copiously illustrated "Man chester Old and. New." Tbe books were thus in scribed: — "Theso volumes were presented tto the Rev. John Garrard Raws, of Adelaide, South Australia, by a few of his friends at Union Chapel, Oxford-stTcet, Manchester, England (o£ which church ho was assistant pastor, 18S3-89), as a small memento of his all too brief visit to Man chester, Sunday, 15th July, 1900." Tho books handed to Mr. Raws were only a first instalment. Mr. and Mrs. Raws expected to leave London for Australia on September 13. Tho labors of the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran during tho past few weeks (says the "Catholic Press") havo been terrific. Ho has had to Interview work men, committee men, newspaper mou, caterers, printers, contractors, and all sorts and conditions of people, from early morning till late at night. As administrator of tho Cathedral he is the Car dinal's executive ofllcer, and tho strain upon liis time and patience was enormous. After tho Car dinal, he, of all men, deserves a meed of praise and honor in connection with tho triumphant de dication on Sunday. Tho Rev. YV. M. Dill-Macky leaves for Cobar next Wednesday, and on Thursday he will lay tho foundation-stone in the new church at that place. Tho Rev. Donald M'Lennnn, of Berry, who has been conducting a mission in Brisbane in connec tion with tho Queensland 20th Century Fund, will return to New South Wales at tho beginning of ucxt month. Tho Rev. James Pattison, Presbyterian Minis ter, of Princeton, U.S.A., arrived in Australia by tho Medic, and will remain in tho colonies for somo time. The members of tho Petersham corps of tho Salvation Army, who havo been holding their services in a tent for tho last 12 months, went into their new barracks on Canterbury-road last Sunday, tho opening services being conducted by Major Wilson. The Pekln mystery is solved at last (says ait English paper). It Is the Christian Scientists who have saved the situation. Mrs. Baker Eddy, of that body, explains how it 1ms come about. Mrs. Conger, the wife of the American Ambas sador at Pekin, she tells us, is also a member of j tho faith, and thereby has had the advantage of 100,000 Christian Scientist minds at work, bring ing their thoughts to bear on tho Boxers with tho view of restraining theni from attacking her. What hotter proof could be demanded of tho truth of Christian Science than the fac.is that Mrs. Conger is alive, and that the Boxers' attacks grow feebler as soon as they fcltuhat wave of powerful thought from the Christian Scientists of America? Tho argument is unanswerable. The directors of the London Missionary Society have received an offer of flO.OOO from Mr. Rqbert ' Arthington, of Leeds, for the purpose of cora- mcucing missionary work among the Awcmba tribes, to tho south-west of Lake Tanganyika. The society has unanimously accepted Mr. Arl ington's gift, tho expeudituro to cover a period of 12 years. The Anglican Dean of Melbourne has so far re covered from his loug and severe illnres that ho was ablo to preach on Sunday morning in St. James' old pro-cathedral. Tho Row 11. Gainford has returned from his trip to England quite restored to his usual health. He will resume his ministry at Balmaln to-morrow. Much disappointment will be felt amongst tem perance enthusiasts (says an English journal) in view of the result of the failure of tho advanced wing at the AVesleyan Conference. The Rev. Thomas t'hampness re-introduced a resolutiou defeated last year, to the effect that it was un- desirablo tha t persons engngod In the liquor /traf fic should bo appointed church officers, but tlie I order of the day, moved by the Rev. Dr. Sle- I phenson, was carried, only nine hands beiug held up in support of Mr. Champncss' motion. At tho second annual meeting of tho New Guinea Missionary Association, held on Tuesday, the Bishop of New Guinea moved tlie adoption of the report, which was of a satisfactory nature, showing increases in number of members and amounts received, and ntcady progress generally. Office-bearers and committee for the ensuing year were appointed. A Juvenile branch of the association has recently been formed, a branch of which it is hoped will bo established in each parish. Tho Rev. Cheok Hong Cheong, of Melbourne, will preach at tho Ccutonary-hall to-morrow mor ning. A cablo has been received from Shanghai an nouncing the safety of Miss Booth, the Y.W.C. Association's missionary in China. A successful gathering was held at the Water loo Y.W.C.A. Club rooms on Wednesday, tho occasion being the distribution of prizes gained in a work-apron competition. Mrs. T. Brown acted as judgo, and Mrs. B. Palmor donated and presented tho prizes. Tho Sydney "Methodist" publishes an "open let ter" to Earl Beauchamp, written by the editor, tho Rev. Paul Clipsham, protesting against his Excellency's presence at St. Mary's Cathedral on Sunday last. This (says the writer) "has not only caused grave dissatisfaction and unrest amongst her Majesty's Protestant subjects in New South Wales, but has fired them with a burning Indignation." The "S.P.G." had a crowded meeting at St. James'-hall last month to cclobrate its 199th an- ' nlvorsary. Tho Archbishop of Canterbury, who presided, said it was just beginning to strlko upon ; people's minds that ovcry Christian ought to inako it a part of his duty to send the Goepel to all races of mankind. To what extent the Society for tho Propagation of tho Gospel is working towards this end was indicated by the following figures from the report: — The number of ordained missionaries now on the society's list is 785; of theso, 135 nro natives in Asia aud 48 in Africa, ' In tho various missions there are 2900 lay teachers, 3200 students in the society's colleges, and 38,000 children in the Asian and African mission schools. Tho Methodist circuit horse has often proved a butt for the wit of humorous speakers. A story 3 !s told that about 30 years ago three local preach ers were travelling along the road from one of tho villages in Colchester Circuit. They were all three men of immense build, and with a very poor ' horso, and another Methodist friend went up to them and said, "If that horse could speak which 5 hymn would he give out?" Neither of tho preachers answered, and the good man said "Ho would anuounco, 'Oh, that my load of sin 'were gone.' " An Interesting article In tho current Issue of the "Contemporary Review." by Mr. Rouse, polntn out that, while only one-seventh of tho schoo> masters in England are clergymen, all tho chief head-masterships aro given to men who havo taken orders in the Established Church, which leaver slx-Bcvenihs of tho profession without rea sonable hopo of proferment. As n consequence Mr. House argues, the first-class men will moro and more avoid the career of schoolmaster. 