Brief Mention. ???-?- About ten street acoidente tak» place in London eveTy day. [ Srn Wileiam Link haa expressed his ap proval of woumubood suffrage. The election of Mr. Sydney Smith for Ounterhury has bceii declared void by the KlectioiiB and Qualifications Committee. Me. 'OepHedb Mvbon Me A J-oo tbe organiser mid malinger of the Jubilee Singers, and also H'Adoo'o Georgiu Minatrele, ie deud. The Timbrebougie road, near Messrs. McMillan's and Owen's ie to be nirtllcd at soon an funds are availnble. Mr; W. B: Perry, of Comptou. has been initrunientul in Itirring the T-t:pnrlmenl up over this matter. The eieellcnt piny of the Dubbo tennis team lnet Saturday w'ut much admired. The gravel being plnced in Bandnloo-street by the Council is causing a \cry notiueable improvement. Next year's Farmers' and Settlers' Con ference will be held at Tnniwortli. A WOMAN tales a man's name when ehe marries him, and hie other -valuables aftcr wnrde, The area under whent in New Zealand I this year is likely to be 20,000 acres more than list year. At Jumbunna (Vic.) recently a funeral had to be postponed because somebody bad Btolen the coffiu. A SEIECTOE namqd Tnigg, living near Cowra, lost 1400 sheep during the recent Hoods iu lliat neighbourhood. The football match last Saturdav was the most exciting one we have ever witnesicd in Narromine, and the local boys deeerved their win. Mks. McLeash, an old resident of this dis trict, pissed away to her long home on the 13th in3t., bronchitis and pneumonia being the cause of death. She leaves a grown up family, Mebsbs. Permemm, Wright and Co., Ltd., railway general carriers, forwarding and com mission agents., notify in this iisue that they huTe opened a branch oflhcir business in Tfnrro mine. Tlie branch is under the management of Mr. K. Hunter, a gentleman thoroughly Acquainted with the business, and ail favors ? cut trusted to the firm will have prompt and efficient attention. Bend the advertisement. Mr. M. F. Hennesset will submit the balance of Mr. P. J. Rvan's gtwk of drapery, -tL-., to public auction, starling to-day at 2.30 and continuing on Saturday, and Tuesday next. A combined Wellington and T-ubho football team played a draw with Bnthuret on Satur day last. The scores being 6 points to 6. A. Dawson and H. Kenna scored for Buthurst, and J. Hires ^and Taylor for the combined team. The ?Wellington and Dubbo team played their first match in Sydney on Monday, ?igainst a University team, at the University Oval. The University team, which only included 'four first-grade players, won by 11 to 10. For the winners, Waugh, Brown, and M'Dovrall scored tries, one of which was converted by Powell. Hives and Craig^se cured tries for the visitors, ana N. SmiLh kicked s fielrVgoal. John C'absidt was;'charged' at th« local Police Court on Monday with stealing a case of whiskey from a local hotel. The accu»ed was caught red-handed, end was sentenced to three months' imprisonment. A LITTLE girl named Bishop Venn burned to death near Winglinm. a few days ago, through her clothes catching fire, Tt is hard {to lose irienrls — to see them ?lipping from you one by cie ; but it is hnrder still to lind a towel with your eyes full of eoup EDiTlXG^a paper is much the same as rak ing a fire — everyone thinks he can perform the operation better than the man who has the poker. The Public Schools of Toung insprctural district have forwarded to date the credilnbl* iuio of £200 to the Teacher*' Patriotic Fund. The intercolonial foot all mntfh K.S.W. v.'Quceneland, played nt Sydney on S.itur day, resulted inja win for the homc:team by 11 points to 10. 'The Sign of the CVosb.'— During 1R99, 263 persons in N.S.W. signed their marriage registers with marks, being a percentage of 1.42 of the total persons married. An old and respected resident of Ooonamble district, in the person of Mr. Thos. Kelly, passed overtofthe silent majority recently i)t tbe age of 57 ycura. Pneumonia was the cause of death. A peebon who played ' ghost ' at Wor ren ihe ulher niglit woe & etl be and got two dnys in the lo-'al gnol. lie is now wondering where the fun of it all comes in. It ii stated that Mr. A. A. Dangir of Baroonahas presented Tom Morris, the re turned Singleton hero, who won the Victoria Cross in South Africa, with the best horse on hie estate and;£300. Among the spoils of Flnndslaagte were an officer's cporrau and brock that were origin ally taken at Majuba. The officer they be longed to wae with the Gordons in the^ fight at Elandegaato, and got them ag.iu. The takings at the recent Buffalo Minstn-l Concert amounted to £10 15b and the ex penses to £6 8s. The local Bruse Band (in nid of which tho concert was given) will thus benefit to tbe amount of £4 7b. It is a pity in out sense tbnt ihe circus pluyed the «ame niglit, otherwise the amount realised for the Band would have bren very much larger, Wuilst the exes would hnve remaiued thceame. Me. I). Fitoh, of the Court. House Hotel, met with a rather painful accident on Sunday lust. He was driving (accompanied by two friends) in a sulky along tbe Trangio road, when one of the wheels ran into one of the holes for which (he roil s in our district ore noted, the result being that tlie trnp capsieed, Mr. Fitcb being thrown aguinet a burberi wire fence lacerating his arm und Jmnd rather severely. The other occupants of the vchiela escaped with a shaking, whilst, the sulky was considerably damaged. - Two applications for publicans licenses for premises situated at Timbrebougie, were board at tbe Dubbo Licensing Court on Monday. The applications whioh were opposed by the polico, on the ground that there was no necessity for an hotel ut that place, were refused. Jt is hard to say what motives actuate i lie ' fooree ' sometimes, but in this particular instance their . testimony Wai in direct opposition to tbe wish of tbe residents of Timbrebongie, a very large number of whom signed a petition praying that a bouse be licensed at . that plure- We claim to know more of the requirements of Tiiubrebopgie than do the Dubbo polioe an^ : :.???._.? ':.????: .._'?? H have no hesitation iii saying that a h:otel i§ iie.'etBary there. A good deal Iriore niight be snirl in reference t* this matter, but, for tbe present, ' niiff fed-' *.* It will be seen by an advertisement in an ther column of thic issue, that Mr. Ilurry Wren, solicitor, etc., bar started practice in thiB low- , and may be consulted, until further notice, at Cornell's Railway Hotel. For Ckronic Cheat compliant 'Wood's Gcat Pcppertnent Cure. 1/6: 