DAOTAY'S DAUGHTER. A, NOVEL, Bv ADELINE SERGEANT. .'. CHAPTER I. ' ~ At the Tower. It's a wild neet, misses," called a labouring man to a figure that passid him on his way. A woman's figure he made It out to be, but the darkness trapped her round as with a garment, and he could not see her face. He was tolling up the hill, and she was coming down, and the wind was raging furlousiy lound «very corner, and hurling the branches of the sparsely-planted trees backwards and forwards until ibey seemed leady to sunp in twain, whiie every now and then a dash of rain accompanied the fitful but violent gusts. It was difficult to find the way7 but a row of white stones emphasised the rath, and the man _who mounted and the woman who descended the bare hlllsldo were alike accustomed io pick their Btepa in difficult placea of the kind. " A wild night, indeed," she answered back ; and at the sound of her voice the man turned round and tried in vain to penetrate the depths of darkness with his eye. T\en, at last, he shook his hoad, and went heavily on his way. " \\\\.hy, 'twere Jane Arnald," he mur- mured, as he bent his shoulders again to the ascent. " Jane Arnold, as keeps herself allers to herself, an' nlver has a word for nobody. Jano Arnold, on her way to the valley, an' for aught I know to Dauuay's Tower, at dead o' night. What In the world's the meaning o' that, I'd like to know ?" But there was no one to_an3Wsr him, and he went onward to nis wife and his own fireside, while Jnno Arnold tolled down to the valley, and to the house of which ho had spoken as Daunny's Tower. It was the popular name which the natives of that wild cumberland dalo had given to a building raised chiefly in the last generation by a man who would fain nave ennobled lils family, and reared ¡i dwelling-place worthy of a race of kings. Ho was a wealthy man, this Stephen Daunay, and ho called his house Bellavista, I or some such loreign and newfangled name, which was an offence to the inhabitants of, High Rigg Dale. In spile of the threats and persuasions of the builder and owner, the dalesfolk took and kept their own ap- pellation, and the house was always Dauuay's Tower, and sometime» Dauuay's Folly, whou they wanted to be severe. There was a certain propriaty in calling it Dauuay's Tower, for tho nucleus of the building'was an ancient keep, which now stood at a corner of the modern house. It was a sguaro stone tower, with an old flight of steps out- i side, leading to a small upper room not ofton used. The lower part of the tower like- I wise contalnoa a single room, which could j he entered by a narrow door of a singularly I massive and prison-like appearance. Tho country folk declared that this tower hau formerly been used for prisoners, and thsre weie giuesome ©tories of the cruelties that had formerly, been pracdsd within thoso grim walls by the lords of High Rigg Dale. The architect had made some effort to<ap- proximate tho style of the new house io that of the tower ; but the Daunay of that day had not approved of his attempt, and had insisted on the carrying out of his own vagaries. The consequence was that Bella- vista, as he called it, was as fantastic a pile of stone as could be seen on English soil. It wa3 a jumblo of styles. A Moorish gallery, a Turkish minaret, an Italian ver- anda,, with a mixture of Norman, Ren- aissance, and pseudo-Gothic details, made the place1 a specimen of barbarism, as oddly ¡ picturesque-bv accident-as It was bizarre. I , On a dark and stormy night, however, the ' great building could bo seen only as a dark mass standing up against the gloomy sky. The newer part of the house was entirely tmillumined by gleam of lamp or fire ; but In tho top room of the tower a faint light seemed to be burning, and another beam came from a small lamp that hung from au iron rod over the narrow door. Jane Arnold, who had business with the master of | Daunay's Tower, looked up and down the solid mass of masonry with a half-puzzled, half-indignant air. She had come all the way from her house on CroBS Fell, at half past 10 o'clock on a stormy night, and now it seemed as though the place were de- serted, as though she might wait and wait in vain for the commission with which, as she understood, she was to be charged. It waa Mr. Lechmere, the doctor, who had brought her John Daunay's message. She did not Uko Mr. Lochmore. He was a sharp-faced, shallow, keen-eyed young man, with a bitter, almost a savage, tongue, and an irritable disposition. He was clever, no doubt, but he could bo rough and profane lu speech sometimes ; and Jane Arnold was a respectable person, of a sober and religious turn, and she disliked profanity. There were rumours about Mr. Lechmere, too, \- which were not to his credit. People said that he had committed some Crime ; some dishonorrable act, which had exiled htm from the world. It was whispered that he j had been in prison. No one knew what his medical qualifications were, or whether he had any qualifications at all ; he had simply appeared in the neighbourhood, set a red lamp at the door of the little house he rented, bought a horse and gig, and an- nounced himself a doctor-'* quite ready to 1 kill or cure, according to your own prefer- ence, and the money you pay," he had re- marked in cynical fashion, when he was sent for in an emergency to his first patient. The good folk on the fells were Bhocked by this reckless manner of speech ; and for some time the young man had an uphill battle to fight, and it was reported that he was "well-nigh clemmed" one winter. But of late things had gone better .with him. Mr. Daunay had called him in two -r three times, during his rather rare visits to the Tower. Some of the country people had condescended to employ him. There seemed no reason why he should not work up a practice and earn a decent living among the Cumberland hills., " If I hadn't had a notion that John Daunay wanted me, I'd noan ha' come out to-night," said Jane Arnold. She had a touch of dialect In her speech, but it had been modified by some of the circumstances of her life, and was often scarcely, notice- able. " That young Lechmero wouldn't' dare to niaktrfrce 'with Ms name, and bring me all this way for a joke ; though I hear ho Isn't particular what he does when tho fit's on Kim. And I was not to knock, said he. I was to bide by the stone steps until Daunay or ho came out to speak to me. Well, I'm here, and the rain's coming on, and the wind blowing ; what's agate, I wonder ?" At that moment the narrow door opened, and a tall, spare figure stood revealed in the aperture, against a background of the lighted lower room. " Ia that you, Jane Arnold ?" Mr. Daunay said. '-' Yes, sir, it's me," said Jane. " Thu doctor told me you wanted me, and I've come down fell-side In the wind and rain to do your bidding." " You are always faithful, Jane-like your forebears to mine. There's been an Arnold and a Daunay side by side for three genera- tions at least." " I'm the last of the Arnolds," said Jane, rather stolidly. "And you think I am the last of the Daunajs, do you ?" said the man, with a dry laugh. " But it doesn't follow In my case. Jane, as it does in yoursj" " Well, John Daunay, I didn't come here at half-past 10 o' night to talk about our two families at the door," said Jane Arnold, in strong, sensible tones. " I should like to get inside, and warm myself at the stove if it's all the same to you ; my feet aro as wet as wet, and I can hear what you say inside as well as out." " You've a right to speak out, Jane," said tho master of Daunay's Tower, with a little Irony in his tone. " You'vo to some extent a-right to enter ; but all the same I mean to keop you out. Stand where you jaro ; you are protected from rain and wlnd^ by that overhanging ledge, and a touch of cold won't hurt a woman of the fells." "O don't suppose It will. ( ¿But you aro usually a "bit more hospitable to me." She pulled her cloak a little more closely | round her, antMvalted to hear what hd had I to say. ¡Mr. OJaunay came out of the room land closed the door 'behind him, standing haioheaded in the cold night air, with the ¡light of the lamp thrown full on this'ashen face. Jane noticed the death-like pallor, and wondered what had brought it there. But she was too 'proud to ask. The reti- cence of t'ho North Country was strong within her. She would kpow only what she was told. As she waited, however, a sound that came to her ears startled hor in spite of herself. It was the long-drawn wailing of a little child. She remembered, an old story I that she had often heard-the story of a mother and child who had died in this same tower many centuries ago from1 slow starva ¡tlon, the tyrant-hushand having locked her i into that upper room In punishment of some I supposed unfaithfulness and then ridden away and been Icllled in a brawl, so that . his victims were never liberated until Death turned the key. The bahy's crying was still supposed to 'bo heard round about the tower on stormy nights, and the sound boded no good to those who heard it. " The ghost child," said Jane, helow her ?breath. If she had been a Catholic she would certainly have crossed herself. "What does that mean ?" " Ay, what indeed ?" said air. Daunay. " Never mind the ghost, Jane. I want you to listen to me." ^_, She glanced up at iim shrewdly, this homely, country woman, with her ¡bright, "brown eyes and apple-cheeks, tile was a itali man, with a square. frame, and -the I lean, hard look of one who has known how lo labour and to endure., . Ho had gained a 1 fortune by speculation, and was reputed to he growing richer every year ; hut Jano Arnold «ned little or nothing for that. Sbo had a kindness for the man himself, and his gaunt frame and grim, plain face, with the beetling eyebrows and habitual frown, was dearer to her in her quiet way than any ¡ other In the world. ' He put out one 'big hand and clutched her by the arm. " You were my foster-sister, weren't you, Jane ? We were like brother and sister for a good many years, eh ?" " That's a true word," said Jane briefly. " Your "parents, were " trusted Jby^ my parents, as one might say, to ¡the death. I can trust you In the same way, and to the same degree, can't I, Jane ?" " As you say, to the death, Mr. John." " Call me John-d like it better than your ' Misters.' There's a tie 'between us that you don't know of. Jane, and that God Him- self cannot break. I sent for you here to tell you of that." She listened quietly, hut her eye kindled. " I like plain vords,'' she said, 'briefly, after a moment's pause. ' "You shall have them. "You had a step- sister, Jane, a 'beautiful girl, whom you loved dearly." - * ' " Yes, I loved her." _ " She left your home, and you don't know ?what became of her ?" " Ay." "Would It surprise you If I told sttu"that It was I who took her away ?" " You-you ! No. God Is my witness that I never thought of you." 'Than, with surprising fierceness ana sharpuess, " You married her ? You made her your wife ? Don't tell me she was not your wife ?'" " She is my wife," said Daunay, . Impas- sively. " She Is ? Then she is living ? She is here ? Oh, John-John Daunay, I'll for- give you all the agony you caused me when you took her away, if only you'll tell me that she Is alive and well." " She Is alive, and I want you to do a favour to her and to me." " Let her a6k me herself." " She Is not well enough to ask you her- self. I -want you to promise that you will do what she asks." " Oh, my Betha Î As Jf I could say her nay." ' " I have your promise ?" said Daunay, in a cuilously emphatic way "Swear you'll do what she asks of you when the moment comes." Jane paused for a moment ; her face waj convulsed by strong feeling, but she was too calm and sensible a woman by nature to give a promise lightly. " I'll not swear," she said, presently. " But If It's Within mi power-and nothing wrong-I'll do anythlnç that Betha asks of me." " Very well. That's all. " I knew you could be depended on. Jane Now, will you wait five minutes longer, and then you shall know what Betha asks of you ?" " Oh, take mo to see her ! She Is here, is she not ? ForUhe love of Heaven, Jonn Daunay-" " Hero I Don't be a fool, Jane. Why should I bung her here, to this lonely spot, of all places in the wo'-ld ? She spends ' her winters In warm, sunny places, by the Mediterranean, or on the Nile. But you shall have a message from her by-and-by. Lot me pass ; I am going Into the housl. I know you'll do Betha's commission faith- fully." He put her aside as easily as if she had been a child, opened the narrow door, and went quickly into the house. Jane, left alone, leaned against the wall, hei arms hanging at her sides, tne tears dropping down lier sensible, fresh- coloured face. News at last from .Bethu, whom she had long regarded as lost fo.- ever from hor world, tended to unnerve ner to a quite un- wonted Cdegree \ , For some minutes she could not control ¿her tears ; but at last they were checked, as she lealised the fact that a dead,silence seeir.ei to prevail within the house, and that sko could not go away until she had received the message, the com- mission, whatsoever it might be, that Betha had for har. Suddenly a sound was heard. The outer door of the upper room, at the head of the steps was opened. The sky had lighted a little, and a glint of moonlight made it obvious to Jane Arnold that a man's figure was descending the staliway, but slowly and carefully, as If ho carried something of im- portance. It was nut John Daunay this time. It was the slighter, shorter figure ot the'young-doctor, Eugene Lecbmero, Jane felt a shiver of dread, almost of abhorj-ence, pass through hor as be paused at the toot of the steps. There was an oddly-shaped bundle In his aims Mter a moment's hesitation sho advance! towards him, In- stinct tolling her that Botha's message was to come through him. His cynical dark eyes seemed to shine with bitter mirth as he loolnd at her. " I have Drought you something that 'It's to be hoped you will Ilk«»," he said. " And you'd better get home with It quickly, if you want it to live, Miss Arnold. I was to tell you fiom Mr. Daunay that Befha sent you this"-and he placed the bundle in her half unwlllinc arms. " For this," he added, slowly, " Is Betha's child " (To be continued.) 