TfciE STORYTELLER MAMIE'S BARON. A CELESTIAL ENCOUNTER. There was no mistaking Minnie for any thing but in America got her at tractive personality settled that for the interested observer before ever she opened her restless red lips from which in credible to tell-tale issued no truth tional twang But then you see Mr nil. came from the Southern by Wales being one of the n w best families of A legion, sash Her H that, Colonel Lord Smith was no ma chine made Yankee cool tail colonel bless you although he unfortunate h lived in a land where captains in logs and colonels - In discourtesy - hounded lar found loose visited' a drug on the market In Yankeeland it may, be said that familiarity) breeds colonels 1 Since over his fellow well met is generally to tipped on its shoulder and dubbed colonel But Colonel road Smith title name hyphenated and piled in the middle was a genuine patioujinic-senis old - brought to or from 1 England by the pro races great grandfather in the doughty days of George III So much for Minnie Pretty ? Of coin se-deliaeuslj so with that regularity of feature that is ever raised blasting vivid expres ion b gaiety sweetness and light-the mile visible claim the more elusive changeful news of AVonian A dimpled exquisite chin - a chin that to quote Charles Reade ' i chin so feeble as any, man could desire in a portion of his be some I ' Marines eyes widely contradicting her chin wronged may clever eyes shot with blue flecks of childish mel riment Wise is asor pent, jet harmless as a dole was Ma me to say that Colonel Todd Smith fairly acted on his child is to be go 117 of the inundation that he got I ed her every desire me space was a foregone conclusion And that is war we find them one 1 vigorous summer s due sailing please ably through the indigo sun lapped in bows of the Ljmoon Pass their ship sweeping majestically towards the vast and splendid harbour of Hong! ong Mamie having turned up her toes so she described her neurotic position on a long docked oban t/ed dreamily out on tJioAcrdured bills connected with white columned warns ning hh hie from settings of green This impulses ely clapping her hands she turned to the white coined coolie who appeared as if by the swiftest magic and the pretty pidgin English and - No. 1 Bo topside can do All name ice drink have got lemon Smiling auteuil itself of 1 Bondi appealed making a detour before you could work three times and placed the desired drink at her Hit hand These Chinese "boys". and male between 8 and 80 is called "Boy") are swift, smart, silent servants; and methinks that in spite of of an Asiatic emigration laws, they may yet cure the Anglo- American epidemic called "servant-girl fishes disease peculiar to housewives, marked by acute relapses, in some cases quite incurable, though seldom fatal. For since so many white women scorn the domestic broom, the harmless, necessary. pots and pans, the humble wash- tub, preferring factory, shop counter, or office-the foreign man-servant may providentially fill the yawning, harassing gap, and so provide the needed economic and domestic adjustment. Thus may the vexed industrial problem relating to the proper division of men's work and women's work satisfactorily solved, and the sound of lamentations over the de , ficiencies of domestic service be banished from the land. But to Mamie. Sipping hor iced drink, she turned to find to her father, who had just read peared on deck, and came to her side. "She hero, Mummie," he said, "there's a foreign nobleman on this here boat who wants to know you. he's German, I reckon. At any rate, his 'get-up' looks as if he was made in Germany, and not in a hurry, either. He's a real dandy ! Beautifully upholstered. His hair's parted from the nape of his neck, right up the middle to his noble brow, oiled, and pomatumed on each side of the main venue till all that's missing is the sign, Keep off the grass!' I say, Mamie, he's the genuine foreign, titled article, in which lots of Yankee girls would pay heavy duty." "Trot him out, papa," laughed Mamie, woman like, scenting "fresh fields and pastures new, I've never yet met a really truly Baron, said I guess the genus. American girl will be a bit of a Yankee novelty to him. Speaks to the English ?" "No, that's just it. That's why he wants to meet you. His secretary-oh, yes, he's got 'cm all on-Item I., secretory item II., courier; item III., yacht item IN., under-water. I reckon it takes four hirelings to take his title around. Well, his secretary told me that the Baron heard you asking in German for something at the dinner-table last night, and that settled it. He wants to know 'the American Princess what speaks do ellerman.' And now you've done it, Mamie. You know, I've always told you that one tongue was sufficient for woman . but you would learn the languages, and There comes your punishment I" And there approached a sartorially perfect man. From the tips of his patent leather shoeless (they were, diminutive shoes) to the crown of his white yachting cap, the Baron looked the pink of perfec- tions vision worthy the frontispiece of the "Tailor and Cutter Magazine." Verily, it took nine tailors to make this man. Puzzle Find the man. See German dictionary. Clapping the heels of his door little pa- rents together, doffing his cap with, his left hand, and placing his jewelled right hand over the north - westerly region where an anatomist would locate his heart, the Baron bowed low before Mamie She greeted him in Gorman, will Life's accompaniment of a real United States smile. The Baron's face shone with that ex- pansive joy that overspreads a foreigners countenance when he hears his own familiar tongue spoken intelligibly in an alien land. Mamie-thoroughpaced democrat that she was felt no awe of rank or title, but talked to him in her direct, unaffected manner, halting, however now and again to find the correct case of the involved phrase in the bothersome plethoric German language. The Baron was charmed. He said so in seven different sentences, each elegantly polished. He gesticulated. He caressed his moustache.. He laid his jewelled hand Seven consecutive times on the north-westerly region of his irreproachable coat, He beamed. He made eyes." To sighed, "Ach I" He seized Mamie's hand, and covered it with seven audible kisses. Mamie objected; remonstrated. In- stinctively protecting "home industry," who discouraged foreign encroachment, and withdrew her band. The Baron explained. It was the custom in his country, in Hungary. "I kiss your hand, gracious manner," is a form of respectful greeting among Austrians and Hungarians, and every gentleman there suits the action to the word. Kiss- ing a lady's hand is an accepted form of sanitation, of homage to the fair sex, on masse, as customary as the conventional , shaking hands among Anglo- Saxons. Mnraio naively observed in Germany that this lip-service among) Austrians and Hungarians must keep the men mighty ' busy, and the pretty girls hands chronically chapped. 'The Baron did not see it that way. He lacked that saving sense of humour, which brightens the common-place and makes intolerable things bearable. _ Custom is stronger than conscience. To kill a conversation hiatus, the Baron again seized Mamie by the hand, saying, "I kiss your hand, gracious madam and he did. "Damn !" exclaimed Mary's papa. Colonel Ford-Smith said little, but said that little strong. Marie put on her gloves as an oscilla- tory preventive. The action told. Tfioir international tete-a-tete was disturbed by the bustle and excitement inevitably attending a chip's coming into port. And Hongkong is a sight worth seeing. The lovely line of verdure hills, around whose curves terraced roads form gallery upon gallery, undulated towards a dazzling sunset of crimson gold, embosomed in amethysts seas. A trim launch steamed fussily to the ship's side. Blnmio emerged from her cabin, carrying a camera, a parasol, an armful of books-and-a Japanese cherry- tree. Colonel Ford-Smith was already in the launch fathering innumerable bags and boxes, 'f That cherry-tree-not George barely 7in in height, jet branched and gnarled, leafed and blossomed as perfectly as any full-grown tree in my orchard Merrin if it was 60 years old, got families in its diminutive growths lovely SI i rum n m (ho tree dwarfing pin cess, kind is only to the J ipniicse wo time an in- li in (tennis for horticulture Hugging flour c HIS tree with infinite motliPi-Iik" mc, Minnie attempted to run down I do some ' plank, but the Baron forestalled it is by taking it from him and assisting li r in sale by to the launch Rapidly Henning from ship to 'lion they landed almost at the entrance of the Hongkong Hotel broad verandahed and seven stoned built on the Bund,' it the very edge of th inshore That same evening at dinner, His Biron asked permission to joint cm at table, mingling his fore go speech with the confusion of other tongues, that makes Hongkong the most heterogeneous Cosmopolitan spot in the w order With the wine, he asked for iii, the exhilaration of champagne awakened the ghosts of his three-horse port ancestors, and he called a delineation of his gene logical tree It was held on ing Colonel Ford Smith beseeched Munno in English to tell the Baron in German to quit For answer he chose forth a colo so said, about him by 7in on which I j:> emblazoned Baton I G Bruno von Gilnvos, Kon ung Homed lingerie, Oborliculcn nit And handed it, with ornate flourishes to Munno Oh' she exclaimed, I cannot read your title clear-so, pups, we'll call him Bill' for shot, child ' Billy { ' questioned the Baron, laughingly but seeing his own in a dig in the joke , Billy, each?" And 'Billy" it remained straight though their tour of China This AIIITI ean gul imbued with the spirit of Re ptiblieainsni, and of total equality , tossed the inconvenient title over her shoulder, and with that laconic brightness so by pic ii of the home of the House! of the 1 me! where rush and push, scramble and hurtle, are in the anywhere every business man's desk bens thw warn- ing in large lemon 'Cut itself Its 1115 busy day through force of habit, and shouted a eiimbiousl} lengthy title into one "hour and expressively side square word Billy I Anti Bill ' became Mamie's circum stance The backed and breakfasted, loafer and lunched, dined and was in the light of her presence He saluted her twice daily, at table, standing to the light of his chin, siming his father military shoulders, clapping his cute little patents together, and kissing her hand All M mine's protests and all the Colonel's damns, could not cure ' Bills of that it was too pleasant a pastime, and Bill" was astute enough to explain that custom and intimation but by long asset lion become one and a dissolute Frequent repetition, however soon robbed this foreign sale to of all significance to Minnie But ' Billy's" table manners not bed he more than lins senseless kissing of her hand ' Oh, papa '" she ejaculated when first she ?? is Billy" plying his knife to his mouth , "oh I I am sure he'll cut his on side with the bride ! Isn't it hot ntl?" "Well I don't know," indulgently dr with the Colonel table manners, like modesty are merely a matter of gengi mph In his own country, that's the proper way to feed, I reckon It's just the difference as between a fox and a 'shade These foreigners spade their food ; we fork ours in-what's the I odds? It all goes down, don't it?" Which was a shrewd commentary, originally and innocently uttered on our little Draconian laws of so-called High Society. Every evening a Chinese boy brought a huge bunch of red roses to Mamie's room. In each bouquet? there nestled a photograph of the Baron, each in a different costume. "Another custom in 'Billy's' country," laughed Mam'c, mechanically thrusting the pictures in the Chinese screen. She could not escape him, in counterfeit presentment, or in the flesh ; whether shopping, ravishing, of sight-seeing, "Billy" was at her side. It was all great fun at first, but when you are in an Oriental country, surrounded by a vast and varied civilisation' constantly moving, constantly changing - when every brain cell you possess is throbbing with a multiplicity of novel impressions; when you are on the alert to observe mid comprehend-then it becomes a wearisome task to interpret these sights and scenes and Founds, those experiences and impressions, fresh and at first sight, into a foreign tongue. And Mamie's soul wearied of wrestling with the German. For "Billy" spoke not one word of English. Minnie had tried to reach him, but gave it up in despair. He could only say her name, and he called her "Mees favors !" Finally, Colonel Ford-Smith audibly and authoritatively put down his foot, and determined to whisk Merrie off To Canton. So late one afternoon, they sauntered down the "Bund," whiling away an interesting half-hour in watching a game of fan-tan that was being surreptitiously played under the shadow of the wharves; bore a handful of Chinamen crouched playing the game feverishly, in imminent danger of being apprehended. The excitement of the game, added to the tension of possible discovery, caused their bony yellow hands to tremble, and their sharp bead like eyes to glitter in he ominous half-shadows of their hiding-place. Fascinated, Mamie with her "papa" lingered till the shrill whistle of their Canton boat roused them to hasten towards her. Congratulating themselves on their escape from their foreign in- cubes, they settled themselves to enjoy the bird-like motion of the trim little boat as she skimmed through Kapiti moon Pass, seeming to chase the setting sun into his purple watery bed. But fleeting joy I ns Mamie went so low to inspect her cabin she discovered a huge bunch of red roses in the wash stand I Scarcely recovered from her indignation, EIIC heard the Baron say is: "Aoh 1 Mens Shoes, nch !" Colonel Ford-Smith's anger expressed itself in rhetorical fireworks which the Baron fortunately failed to understand. He fancied-poor "Billy" that the Colonel's Fogo was purely enthusiasm at his unexpected advent. "Well," remarked the Colonel, cool- ing off resignedly. "We'll try and lose him in Canton, Mamie. It's all your doing. I call him the undesired recompense of your charms and accomplish- ments." Next morning, a deafening hubbub, sounding like the roar of tidal waves, sent them out of their cabins with a jump. It was Canton. Its river population of 300,000 Chinese in their floating houses, gabbling, clamouring, jostling, in shaky sampans and shoe boats. The uproar of this boat-city was that of a lawless,, turbulent rubble. Beings and boats, boats and beings-everywhere the waters teemed with them. Up stream and down stream, boat rubbing against boat, knocking and colliding, sampans and canoes darted backwards and forwards in constant danger of being run down by hustling steam launches, busy lighters, big cargo and passenger ships. Feeling its way through this hustling, teeming river early, their boat anchored in the very thick of sampans and slipper boats, where excited, yelling, wildly gesticulating men, women, and children closed in about them. They drove pod with bag and baggage - not for- getting the miniature cherry-tree into the nearest large, and were sculled to the stone walled wharf by an oarswoman, whose bare feet and sturdy ankles, clasped by Ecclestone bracelets, appeared beneath black muslin pantaloons. After "tiffin" at the only European hotel, they engaged the all necessary guide, who provided closed Keelan chairs, each carried by four coolies on their strong body shoulders. On leaving Shameen (foreign quarter), and before penetrating into the Libyan than network of Canton streets, the guide warned the travellers to keep quiet, not to accost any passers-by, and under no circumstances to throw "cash" to the beggars. This warning Mamie translated to the Baron as he was being locked in his chair. Then they felt themselves jerked and lifted on to the shoulders of their claim bearers, and peering out from the narrow green shaded window of the sedan chairs, flip three visitors saw sights and smells smells the like of which no night- mare could have foreshadowed. Through dark and noisome alleys, winding abrupt and criss-cross, so crook- edge! crawled that as their country went With fifty ladies ifiSy Cbtild time the grimy walls of the opposite houses on either side I So crowded, so packed, that the chairs and coolies pressed human multitudes close against filthy walls as they passed on They saw domestic and industrial life tumbled together openly in these foul alleys and sidc-croiicos, dark holes, and darker dons, gutters and ditches, all over flowing with a black sea of peoples -a seething, reeking mass of humanity. For Canton is one prodigious nest of human maggots, digging and grubbing, toiling and perspiring in dons, caves, and hovels Whenever the guns were turned, then occupants were surrounded by noisy, jabbering, gesticulating swarms. These followed in clamouring mobs, impelling the already difficult progress of the coolies, and adding each stop to their excited, numbers Proccdwg further, hemmed in by no" racing mobs, the visitors found themselves the object of hostile demonstrations Seriously alarmed, the Colonel aged Marie to return to Shameen He saw that this Chinese rabble were w 01 King thrust her into an enraged state, that foreboded v olence, lol they jeered and jostled, hooted and they earned, pointed derisive fingers, are shook waining fist in their faces. But Minnie, being a woman, felt her soft persona grata, and begged to be taken further to the Grand Hall of An customs, so they moved slowly on to (gratify her wish Hundreds of ragged, shoeless, filthy youngsters, and scores of in etched beg guns, seemed to use from secret ci arrives in walls and pavements, and followed their chins in and around the top ' famous lines, crying, "Cheetah, Chce hh I" The Baron in a moment of excitement, scattered a handful of glass dish among those frenzied hordes-and then began a Wilding, f-cio.iiiiing, murderous pin ileiiioiiiiuin These human demons clawed and scratched, fought and kicked each other in a wild attempt to catch a full brass pennies They knocked down II the chin coolies , trampled on the minds, i oiled and lobster, beat and bruised the Union senseless, and dashed the Colonel's chair into splinters He rushed out to rescue Mani'c, whose chief line tossed like a raft on the top wires of the maddened mob He found her "life but trembling Picking up the guide who had risen to his feet, white and scaled, the Colonel shouldered Maries clean, and bore it with his help back by devious brings, to the safety of She meen But what of Billy?" was it the last of the Barons? Neither time nor her papa waited to see They turned then bruised hicks on Canton with all mod after ty, and were carried with all the Miiftnebs of steam to their native land in the snug shelter of their Yankee flat., they often ask each other, "where and jo i,o;oi[d ex oils and "¿¿["H st on the wills of Mamie's boudoir answer not _ MARTHA W. S. MYERS. 