CUPID'S REVENGE. BY Baltosu Grle:r. Every little ripple of that sea which looked so calmly blue and enticlog, overy little breath of wind which fanned the hot cheeks of the summor visitors on the beach at Middletown, brought death steadily nearer to Iloone Baucnhamtnp, sitting on that lonely rock out of oSight and hearing of the human world. And she know it I In the mnoment when ehe irst reallsed the fate in store for her, she teed beaten her hands in impotent agony on the hard rooeek till they bled, and had scronmed and cried for help. But that was more than an hoar ago. ?ho had quite worn herself out, but no one heeded her except the eae gulls, who, whirling oreshoad, seemed to condole with her troubles in utteruing their sharp, ear.plercing cries. Seom of them owr right away as if to call for aid, only they nver camoe back, and when loeon at last reallsed how hopeless were all her efforts, she limbod to tho top of the rock, and eat hor down to die. Now, for one whole Ihour she had watched the sea orcuping steadily and stealthily op the face of the rock, and the little brerzc springing up, which would she hart beu so welcome, ws hastening her faoe, whilst the solemn boom and sudden swell of the water told of distant, yet approaching storm. People speak of drowning as an easy death, bet If one waits an hoar or two watching It steadily come, the bitterness of death is thoroughly tasted, and well nigh spent, bhooreho has laid his icy touch upon one's heart. gliene pressed her hands on her burn ing face and tearless eyes, bloodshot with straining for the sight of an approaching vessel. "Oh, how horrible," she murmured, " to die so young, and all alone I And 1 might have been so happy I" Ah, those "mighth avo boons." How many of es can echo Iloone's sad words I Bft not all of as have leono's chances of happiness I Again loone shuddered, for as she glanced down ste could soe her own face reflected in the greeoon water below, and instinctively she recognised all the fasel nation which had procured her the love of en many men. She was not beautiful, but there was something in the stylish carriage, the bonhomie of manner, the appoallng glance of the blue eyes, adnd the childaish looking clustering golden curls, which deceived even practised men of the world into believing her tender, loving and true. And they gav her-yes, and they were many who did es--all the wealth of love in their hearts, and for their gold she had offered nothing but the vilest drose. Iloono could see them all now as she sat welting for death to fetch her. She felt as well as saw the pitiful grief of Ensign Dary, who had eaked hi all apon her truth, and only three months ago could it be auch a abort timel--had knelt at her feet and pleaded as for very life. li enone, darling, only only one word I One little word I" " What is it you want, Harry I wish yea would not tease so." ' Only say, darling, It is not true that p you promised to marry Lord Harding at the bahll last night." "And if I did, what then 1" S"My love, my love, with my heart In pour hands ; with my ring upon yoer finger l Oh, Ileene, do not trifle with me. What is sport to you ais death to me." " In that case I had batter restore your ring, and," opening her hands with mock ing ation, "give you bhack the heart you sae so highly." , You cannot, Ileone, yenou cannot. Nothi g but death can tear my heart from ype." "Then let death come, Harry. Be reuasonable. I cannot afford to marry pen.', oeThen why teach me to love you 1 Oh, Ileene, you are not serlousl You cannot mean what you say i" 5'Bat I do. Why should not we girls make the beat bargain we can for our lives. A girl supposed to be engaged always has more admirers than one not engaged. Money and position are my Idols, and I have advanced steadily to wards them. Hugh Wyndham intro. doced me to you, you introduced me to Lord Harding. He ls the highest I can hope for, so I suppose i shall marry him. Bnt t shall nerer forget what Iowe to pun and Hugh. There, now yenou know the truth, got up and be rational." How well sho remembered it all now, yet how far away it seemed! Again that anllen boom which brought death nearer. Stay, what followed 7 Hhrry ad staggered to his foot, white as death. He had solzod her shoulder, and shaken her in a frenzy of despair. "Beautiful tend I May God forgive pyour treachery. I never can 1" And then he had gone. Gone with all the weight of her falsehood and all the grief of his broken heart, while sho had decked herself out In silks and jewels, met Lord Harding with a smiling face and had enjoyed Efio Landon' sad looke. How fond and proud he had been, and how when they parted he had begged for the rose from her shoulder just like Hugh and Harry, and had got It. If only she could stop thinking I Bat no I Next morning her maid had awakened her, breathless with excitement. "Oh, miss, Hr Davy is dead-killed I" "Nonsense, Mary, don't be so ally 1" " It's true, miss. Hle servant has just been with the news. He came home yesterday mornini looking as if he bad seen a ghost, but iall he said was ' Saddle Rupert.' And Tom did. miss, and aIr Davy, he must have put his pistols in hist pocket, for at six this morning Iu.port was standing at his stable door, and they found Mr Davy face downwards on the Common ano if he had been dragged, and a pistol which had beoon discharged In his breast pocket, and him shot through the heart, miss. And I do say It's a mercy as you had changed your mind, miss, in favor of hise lordahip, no as it don't make ao difference to you." Once again that solemn boom like a death saolute over Harry's grave para lysed thought with fear; but pitiless memory soon renewed her away. That same evening Lord Harding had asked her to name the wedding day upon her solemn eossuranco tlnt she had never really boon engaged to Hr Davy, " he had hboon like a breother to ter,' nothing more, and then followed IIHarry's funeral. Dot a month later Lord Harding had come in white and stern, and handing her a paver, said : "heoad that, Ilooeeo I" Trembling, she had done his bidding. "You have sent me to my death, Ileane I You won my heart as you had won Hugh Wyndhm'o bhorore, with praec. tlined art and wile, and using uos hut as stepping stones to roach the rank you looked for, cast us away when done with Yet I envy not the man who has given the god of his love and bought but the onutor semblanco of a woman. Let the memory of my death at least keeoop yon trro to him I-Hienwe DAve." "Efflo says it la true, all teoo, and ynou have lied to me." How pitleoss he looked, how stern I SHow he refused to listen to her faltering exoases, and left her at last with the womb • He was my fri:end. Ile mnreerr·l split standsbotwlxt;yon and me for vecr. Farewell, and God grant you repentance for pon sin." Thor he had gone, and byand i- ro le would marry Ei. Andtl ovoryu..,. ... shronk from }er, Per the story go known, oo neh Lad ie- .rom thom, from thoought, from herself, and had come to this distant wateringl plce.. Only tiode morninlg oho had come out hoppler ond brlrhtor; hot absorbed in plans for the future, she had let the sea aurround the rock on which she nat, and mout pay the pealty with her liefo! tloom aaoln, nod thio time tho water rose and wettelod the rock on which her feet wore resting. S aelp," he screamed wildly, starting toher foot. l" Help omeooone. Save me, Hugh." Alas for the folly and misery of it all I Brokenbhearted llHgh had gone two yearo ago as doctor to an Africnn mhslonl ,tatlon ; her own Invalid mother had died soon after, imploring her to repent, and no doubt Hugoh too had succumbed to the fever which had speeoodily oseized upon hIm. blut what was thatl A stetamer, as If orokcd by her cry, came round the teadland. Sho cold ihear to band ploy. lng on the crowded dock and waved her scnrlet parasol to attract attention. Souroly they moust seeo I Yes, it was coming nearer and a boat was bholng lowered. Only what if they did not reach her In time 1 What if murdered Harry and wronged Gugh were calling to the God of Love for retribution on the woman who had killed theilr youth and troth P Bloom-boom--poko the swelling tide, and the water, as If fearing to lose its proy, rose to her waist, and then, oub. eiding noas though to gain strength for now nffort, roseo again immediately and nearly nwept her from the rock. How she clung to ito hard rugged surface with a frantic love of life I Her paranol was carrlied away. the sea wao surging angrily, bhot tie bat was comIng, driven by sIx strong willing arms. and aided by wind and tide. Hope and fear struggled for the mastery. Death or deliverance, which would It bet Moeoanwhllo lomory purosued its merci los task. "lolent, Ileoeno, darling. No one can over love you better than I. I should count It a joy to lay down my life for you, my love I" And her answer " All that lsa no usneleoss, Hugh P " Then yon mean it, dear I You can not, oh, you cannot I" That grasp no her dress, she felt it ,?ow. No, it was the water sucking her down, down, down. "Ah, yes. Hugh, I only found yon useful for a time." ns mote despair, her mother's mourn. fol look burning Into her soul. Yes, drowning was very easy. When that high wave recoded, the men in the boat perceived the rock was bare. But still they rowed on, and one of their number with a lifebolt jumped into the sea. In half.an-hour he, clasping tloeno's apparently lifulesos form, was drawn on to the steamor's deck, and a doctor among the passengers stepped forward to help. The minutes passed, and It seemed as Il Ileene's spirit had really fled, but at length a slight stirring of the pulseo, a tinge of returning color, gave evidence of life ; then the eyelids quivered, opened, closed again. "She will do now," observed the second gentleman. ' Dr. Wyndham, you moust change your clothes, or I shall have you on my hands next, you look quite worn out." And so ho did. But stop I What was oleene murmuring I "Oh, Hugh, forgive me I Stop with me l Help me to bo bhtter. It i dread ful, dreadful." " Ah, delirious, no doubt. A sleeping draught Is the thing. And the doctor turned away to mix it. But Hugh Wyndham- for It was really he-railased one limp hand to ho lips, and slipping a ring off hbi little finger on it, whiopered tenderly I " I1 am hero, darling. You are safe with me." Next morning when Ileene opened her eyes she found Hugh wstchlng by her side. " Where am Ii In this the other world 1" she cried. "No, you are on the Haude-a coast. Ing steamer, safe with me." " Ah, Hugh, you do not know. Yoa Icannot tell." " I know everything. I saw his death in the papnre. I mot Lord Harding at Brlndlse, and 1 came home for you. Have you learnt your lesson, little one, or is it only Hugh the spirit that you love, and not the Hugh whoso heart you broke two years ago, and who has only a few weeks of life to give you now 1" " Oh, Hugh, not so, not so I Lie for me l Help me, forgive me. Love me, Hugh !" " I have loved you always, darling." Ah, how safe she felt with thoeno tender arms around her I Buot human justico was not the only justice to be reckoned with, and if joy does not kill, cold water may. Hugh Wyndlham, whose faithful heart had brought him back to screen the girl he loved, sank so rapidly from this hour that no hope was left within asixL weeks. A special liconse was procured, and the clergyman had joust loft when Hugh said: "Pot your arms round me, dear wife, and lot my head rest upon your bosom -so--kls me once again. Always ro member that you made me happy, and that I died blessning your dear name, Iloeeno." " Oh, stay or take me with you, Hugh, my love, my love." In vain. The doead hear not, not oven the voice of love. In the M?iddlcton Hospital there in a blue.eyed nurse who goes once a week to the beautliul cemetery on the hill side, whence the rock on which Ileene nearly lost her lifo can be oseen. She knooeels where oa white marble cross boears the inscription "God ins Loveo," beneath the name of Iough Wyndham. Oupid's revenge is complete, for his lensson Is learnt, and Hloone In longingly awaiting the hour when once again she may rejoin Hugh, and this time for ever 