CLOSE SETTLEMENT Oil LAND. Mflreoun?E, MIonday Night. Thie Cabinet decided to- day to sub. sidiso the Glenelg shiro to the extent of £500, provided the shiro finds a similar amount, towards thei cost of providing roads for the tenants of the sub-divided Wiando Vale estate. The Premier and Minister of Lanuds will on Friday no.t pay a visit of in Epection to the Wailmer estate, near ]-orsham, which is under olffer t o the Government for subdivisional pur Poses. Tihe yIelbourno Tolegraph depart merit has received ar notification with respect to the serious and persistent delays inl cable transmission, that the Indian Governmerrti reports tile delays on outwalrd tralni are duo to increase of trafsic, and also to the lines being largely engaged in repetitions of Go rernmentll messages, owirlg, it is pre sumed, to the complications il Chinar. Early last May one of the ghost that are said to haunt various parts of Hiampton Court Palace reappeared. Tihe palace authorities were informed by rran artist that, while engaged inl sketching old Flemish tapestry in tlhe Guard Watching Chalnmbr, a spectre Irrnd, white and delicate and richly jewelled, persisteistly intruded between im andrl tile 'tapestry. Onr the last appearance of the phantom he made a hurried sketch of thie hand, and also of a diamond ring on the forefinger. The phantomn hand is believed to be that of Queen Catherine ]Toward, one of the wives of King Henry VII., whose spirit is described as the most fearful , of all the apparitions that wander within the walls of thie historic building. History states that Cather ille one day escaped from it room to which she had been confrled by order of the Kifng, anlid, ori hlstening across tile Haunted Gallery, was seized by the guards, and, despite her shrioks and protestations, removed to hor room. Since thoe, it is said, ti?e scene has been repeatedly roeenacted 'by a tall figure clad in white. SPaylno's Mr in rIotol, oppolto the railwny stletlo, eMain Street, lllrnlsdlic . Meals- srolp, fish, poultry,r meatar, pddings, sswects, andt a--nllforls; bcds ls. Thlishouse ras a special privilege from tie Licenslng Court to remain open to 1-r.m. for lthe benefit of iarties travelling by the latela traln.-llarry l'ayne prolieatora-AD. 