CHAPTER XIV. AT LAST Peter Dusk, the detective, sab in his room overlooking the Grand Canal, and smoked until he had enveloped himself as in a thick mist. It was his invari able practice to smoke furiously while working out any mental problem. It must have been a knotty point at is sue, for though it was early morning, ho had consumed several manillns over the subject; and that subject was none other than the escape of a madman from the asylum of a private madhouse in the city. By that queer method, known best to his caste, of tracking crime and its perpetrators through their manifold labyrinth, Peter Busk had found his man, only to lose him the next day. It seemed strange, indeed, that Fernbrook, Mauprnt, or whatever name the master of the Barrier Bode was known by, should ho discovered in a madhouse in Venice. But so it was. The detective had given no explanation as to how he gained tho cluo that led his steps to the asylum. It was suffi cient for him that one of the lima tics therein was the person ho had tracked half round tho known globe. There was no mistaking the original to the photo graph which had guided tho officer all through his long, patient search; the simplest noodle would have recognised the likeness in an instant. The poor patient, with his great .black eyes ablaze, pleaded hard with Ins country man to set him free, but the detective only shook his head in affected pity. Once without the walls of the mad house, Dusk hugged himself.in momen tary triumph. At last he had run his man to earth—had him safe under lock and key. To-morrow his employers should see Fernbrook for themselves. They went on the morrow—Warne, Lyndhurst, and the smiling, terrible limb, of the law. But ho they went to see had gone—escaped, and left not tho ghost of a. clue behind him. Tho sceptical novelist laughed at the whole affair. “I’m _ afraid you’ve been working too hard in this ease, my friend,” he said, in a kind way to the crestfallen runner from Scotland Yard. “I cannot but. admiro the tact and skill displayed in your tracing the doings of. Fernbrook and his friends, but when you affirm that he is hero in a lunatic asylum in Venice, I beg to differ from you. Except Hilton Fernbrook has the power of Asmodeus at his hack, and can transfer himself from one hemi sphere to another with the speed of thought, I cannot see hew it is possiblo he can he in tin's city. Besides, did not the master of Del Madilino say this self-same lunatic had been confined there for over three years? How can you reconcile that statement with your theory that the poor wretch was the master of Fernbrook?” Peter Dusk disdained to argue, hut he ransacked the old Venetian city from St. Mark to El Pordo for the es i capee. It was of no avail, however; J there was no more clue to ho had of him than if the- earth had gaped and swallowed him. When all tlwvqucslioiiiug and search ing was ended. Peter Dusk had gone over to I)ol Grade for further orders, but AVarne and h's companion had de parted for Loudon. So tl>e detective smoked and re flected, and the more lie smoked and cogitated the more puzzled he became over the whole affair. ‘'That- Mr. Lyndhurst was perhaps right after all,” ho muttered apos trophising the table. "I don’t sen how a man can possibly be in two places at tho same time. They say this Hilton Fornbrook is still in New Zealand— was at the Opera only a matter of six weeks ago. How, then, can tho man whom I saw in the mad-house bo ho? Yot, if this is a striking likeness ol tho man I was sent after—damme! I’ll swear tho escaped lunatic- is either the devil or the convict Mauprat. Humph! lot mo think.’’ There was no one to hinder him thinking out the question in all its subtle hearings, and it took him some time ere lie was weary of it. The little marble clock over the mantelpiece chiming noon roused him. “All, well, 1 can’t see my way now,’’ ho resumed, in that <|Uaint fashion of talking to himself, 'Til not give in, though, not T. If that madman be alive and above grouud I’ll find him, though I don't bolievo lie’s a bit mad. A crazy fellow would not have acted nor spoken as lie did. It’s no use stay ing here. The fellow’s an Englishman, and he’ll make for Loudon: all sorts and conditions of men hide themselves either there or in Paris. If he goes to ono or the other I’m curtain to hunt him out. I'll pack up and be off. and tiy London first.” It does not lake him long to put his decision into execution. A steamer is found ready for sailing, and Peter Dusk takes a passage in her. It is a cold, windy evening that- finds f him on the slippery pavement of the Strand. Instead of wending his wav to tho Miuories, the detective goes straight to his lodgings in Ludgatc street, and comes forth again within tho hour quite transformed in outward appearance. Calling a cab, he drives towards Temple Bar. “If this mail’s in London, ho’U have a peep at me theatre,” he says to liimsclf. Rogues or lunatics, it's all the same. As soon as they’re let out of tho eago they aro drawn to tho playhouse as if by magic. I’ll begin with the theatres.” Dismissing the trap, lie walks down to tho Adelphi, and, paying his shilling, ascends to the gallery, where ho can seo almost every person in the house. A few minutes suffice to convince him that the escaped madman is not amongst- the audience here. From tho Adelphi Peter Dusk goes to Drury lame. Instead of mounting to the gallery, he takes a scat in the. dress circle, and looks round at tho vast, sea of heads and faces crowding the place. Away out yonder near the stage in the pit the detective sud denly sees tho man he is looking for. Tlioro is no mistaking that proud, dark, Spanish-like face, with tho short cropped black hair and moustache. The man is leaning indolently against the stage-box (yot deeply intent upon the performance), and is dressed in a suit of sober tweed. Eeforo tho scone is concluded Peter Dusk has taken a scat beside tho man in the pit. and has satisfied himself be yond the smallest shadow of a doubt that he is tho escapee from Del Mndi ‘‘Fiuo play, my friend.” Tho man turns and looks at tho Scot land Yard riuinor full in the face. “It is a grand performance,” ho responds, slowly, and in a rich, manly voice that had a "tone of melancholy in it. “But it is badly mounted. In France they attend to those things more so than in England.” “You are not a Frenchman, sir?” “No!” replied the stranger, smiling. “Nor yet an Englishman; I may say that I am a cosmopolitan, liuring ’travelled some,’ as they say in America”. “Are you an American ?” “You arc curious, my friend,” said tho other, good-humouredly. “In France, and even in tho Unitod States, they havo n rule in society called eti quette, which means that rude ques tions aro deserving rude answers. If you are inclined to learn my national ity, I may tell you that I have none. I ropeat, I am a cosmopolitan.” “Beg pardon,” said the detective, hastily; “it struck me that I had seen you before somewhere.” “You were a stricken deer, my friend, for thinking so,” responded the other. “Wo cannot possibly have met before.” “I think we have,” cried the detcc Therc was a swift flash in the black eyes, as they turned with sudden and suspicious look to the face of the speaker. “Indeed! where?” lie asked, quickly. “Have you courage to accompany me to tho vestibule, and I will tell you?” “Why not tell mo here?” replied the other, with some disdain. “I havo a reason, which I will give you also, if you will adjourn with me.” “Pray, lend the way; I am at your service.” Not another word was spoken until the pair reached a small room adjoining tho saloon bar. “Now, sir,” said the stranger, seat ing himself, “tell me where you and I have met ?” “At tho Del Madilino, in the city of Venice,” cried Dusk. If a pistol bullet had gone through tho body of the man then and there, ho could not- have evinced greater sur prise. Ho stared at tho det-octivo in blank amazement for fully a minuto. “Pray, who aro you?” ho said, at length. “I may answer after your fashion, and reply, I’m a cosmopolitan.” “You saw mo in a mad-house m Venice?” asked the other ill a vacant way. “Yes! the Del Madilino, a private asylum governed by one Dr. Dolti Nicolini.” . The other replied not. but gripped the hack or -his chair with a convulsive clutch. “It- is not- many days since I. was in Venice on business. I had occasion to visit Dr. Nicolini’s establishment. I saw you there.” "I remember you now,’’ responded the other, after a pause, iu which ho had recovered from his surprise. “You havo disguised yourself, hut I recog nise your voice.” “I’m glad of that,” said the detec tive, coolly. “Now, tell mo how you escaped from. Del Madilino ?” Tho man laughed. “Still inquisi tive,” he said-, with mild irony in liis tone. “Aro you . interested. my friend ?” “Perhaps.”. “Well, the story is too long, and I’m not in tho humour to talk much.” “How if I land you iu gaol, and scud you back again to Venice?” inquired Dusk. “My . good sir,' you arc evidently m a fog respecting, the law of England concerning lunatics,” answered the straugev. with a smile. “First you will have to prove that I am insane; second, that I escaped from a mad house.” . “Did you Hot. escape?” “That is another question, friend.” Peter Dusk reflected u moment. He felt that lio had no lunatic to deni with in the person of this stranger. “What if I semi for Dr. Nicolini, ami prove your klentty?” said the detee "The mad doetor cannot prove my identity, Besides, lie dare not set foot in Loudon." "Daro not!’’ repeat—- dare not." "Why. pray:'” i mini red Dirk. "M.v friend, questions seem to ho your forte, but l am not inclined to answer them. If you have any busi ness with me. pray come to it at once, for I wish to seo the play out." "Do not he in a hurry.’’ said Dusk, placing his hack to the door. "Do you know who I am?’1 “No. nor do I care." "I am Dusk, from Scotland Yard.” "indeed, and pray, Mr. Dusk, what is that to m_e?" “Do you know this photograph," re plied the other, handing him a carte-: do-visite. I The sitranger took it, and held it Wh tho light. As he looked at the picture them came into his eyes a strange ex pression impossible to describe. Peter Dusk watched his face as a tiger-cat watches its prey. ‘‘Well, what do you think of it}'” ho said. "It is certainly my photo,” answered the stianger, gravely. “The back of the card is marked Paris; I never had a likeness taken in Paris.” "It may he a copy from Loudon.” suggested Dusk. “Nav, I have had no photograph taken in Europo at all.” “Here is another of the same per sonage," quoth the detective, producing a second picture. "You see that was taken at Portland prison. Perhaps you never saw the convict establishment'?” “Never, upon iny houour,” answered the man. with a gay laugh. "Of course you haven’t,’’ sneered Dusk. "Sueh a name as Victor Mau prat, for instance, has never been on your visiting card. You never heard of Sharpe, alias the Ferret. Nor you know nothing of Captain Vipont, or the Salon des Dames at Nice? Oh. dear, no." Again the' man stared at the officer with a perplexed look. "I think, my friend, it is you who have broken out of some lunatic asylum in the vicinity, if one may form an opinion by what you sav. It is the particular craze of the lunatic to dub the remainder of the world insane.” "Your cunning rejoinders will not serve you,” replied the detective. “You aro Victor Mauprat, swindler and con vict, who escaped from Portland prison two years ago.” “You aro certainly mad, my man!— there is no mistake about it,” mut tered the stranger, at tho same time keeping his- gazo fixed on that of his companion. "Poor devil, it would he a pity to harm hiiu. I might have guessed it after all my terrible experiences in that living hell in Venice. Look here,” he cried, aloud, to Dusk, “ring the bell, and lot us have a bottle of wine.” “Don’t try to gammon me.” said the detective, with a lierco oath. “I'm Peter Dusk, and 1 mean to arrest you, Victor Mauprat.” "Are you serious?” “Aye. I siint followed you half over the continent of Europe, and through Egypt, to let you slip out of my hands “I swear to you that I never heard the name of Victor Mauprat in my life till this moment,” cried the other, with such earnest emphasis that the officer paused irresolute. “Do you mean to tell me that you’re not the man who kept the gain ing hell at Cairo?” he said. “No.” “Nor the monte table at Nice?” “No! I say. Why do you accuse mo of these things?” “You are a. study, my line fellow,” responded tho detective, with gentle sarcasm. “It won’t do with me, let mo toll you; I’ve seen too. many of your sort in my lime. Answer me one thing. Where did you getr to when you and Sharpe burnt; the Seagull ?” “The Seagull!” criod tho other, look ing nt his inveterate questioner with a vaguo idea as to Ills sanity depleted on every feature of liis pale, handsome face. “Are you really crazy, after nil ?” “You’ll fiud that out- presently!” re sponded Dusk, with a grim smile. “I ask you again, how many of the gaol birds escaped the burning wreck be sides tlio Ferret and yourself?” “Who’s the Ferret, pmy?” “Your sham valet, and tho biggest roguo in Europe!” said Dusk, with a sigh of impatience. “Como, sir, you can servo no purpose by playing inno cence with me.’ The-game’s up, I tell you." The stranger sat down, and pressed his hands tightly over liis face for tho space of a minute; Raising his head, at length, and looking the detective full in the eyes, ho said, “My worthy fellow, you are evidently insane. Other wise, you have made oue of the most stupid blunders on record. You say my name is Victor' Mauprat, and that I am an escaped convict, accused of in numerable crimes." “That’s it!” - “ Will you have tho goodness to make things a little clcaror as to my impli cation in those things; also my identi fication with Victor Mauprat. I con fess you have some ground for sus picion, if the photograph is . a. faithful picture of the man you seek.” “I have found him.” "Very well. I am satisfied, if yon will be good enough to explain.” Potcr Dusk rang a bell on the. table. “Bring a bottle of wine,” he said to the waiter. When the man appeared with the liquor, lie handed him a half sovereign and a scrap of paper. “Let that note bo taken to Bow-street at once,” lie- said. And tho waiter nodded and withdrew. “It’s rather dry work talking.” continued the detective. “I’m not a dab nt it at auy time; liowsom ever, I don’t mind tolling you- what I’vo boon after these last twelve months, and ns I mean to be brief about' it, oblige by filling the glasses.” Witlr his elbows on tho table, prop ping up his hard, stern, .sunburnt face, and his unwinking eves fixed on those of the. mail opposite, with lynx-like watchfulness, Peter Dusk recounted all tho points in the life of Hilton Fevii brook, from his leaving New Zealand to his eseapo from the burning ship, tho It would be impossible to describe (he changes that came and went orcr the man’s face, as lie listened. Now fierce nnd frowning, with spasmodic clutching of tho strong hands; anon smiling in absolute disdain, and wither ing contempt. “ And now.” said the. detective, when ho had concluded, “what have you to reply. You arc tho man?” “I am Hilton Fernbrook, and Colonel do lloal was my friend. That is my reply at present.” answered the stranger slowly. “ You will have to accompany me to gaol.” “ I am ready.” And the pair went out into tho dark ness of tho night. ^To bo continued.) To keep moths out. Benzine will drive away moths from upholstered fur niture. Sprinkle with benzine. It will i not- spot or stain the most delicate silk, and the unpleasant- odour soon | passes away in the air. Where it is known that the moth-miller has enter ed. bum n tablespoonful of gum cam phor in closets whore the clothes hang. 