SYMEY SIDELI&BTS.; 'Look here upon this picture, and on this,' (By 'Vandorian.') Chiefly a retrospect of Melbourne memories. On Tuesday last, at noon, honorable membere might have been seen taking the steps of tihe handsome Parliament Buildings, Melbourne. One ctep leads to another, and taking the whole flight is an imposing ceremonr, which leads to an | oath— of allegianca. Someti&es; it leads to meas uring your length on the landing place at we lx,». For Tuesday last was the- day allotted to the swearing-in of new members. And some hon. gentlemen were regular plungers, who took a. whole flight of stone steps with their heads, and came what the turf describes (when it says .what it means) as 'a regular cropper.' 'At the top of these steps is the long colonnade ?with which many of you are familiar, as the im posing entrance to the Melbourne House of Assem bly. Some of you may be less familiar with the inner portions of this bulding. Make a bold entrance. The doors swing back fto admit you into a spacioue hall, and there waits the Sergeant-at-Arms, with a pleasing smile, lace ruffles, and the button of office in the exact centre of the silk lappet which hangs between his ehou der blades. The Sergeant-at-Arms in the Victorian House is Of less robust build rtihan our own Mr. Harnett, and lie (the Victorian) is inclined to deprecate any need for special width of shoulder. For they claim everything in Melbourne. They claim to have a particularly orderly House of Assembly. They claim large fines if the inevitable heat of politics leads to a few hasty words. The swearing-in. This took place in the Low er House in the presence of a few spectators, amongst whom were Mrs. Carty Salmon, Mr. T. M. Slattery, and Alderman Chapman, from Syd ney. Sir Arthur Snowdon, a former Mayor of Melbourne, sat next to the writer. Mr. Gillott, inp present js/uiyui, »'t ucju. *v «. .~w.. — ? , Mr. Makinnon, a Conservative, who had just de feated the Labor member, Mr. Gray. Mr. Ma- , Ikinnon a clean-shaved, good-looking man, kept . on his tall hat during the ceremony of swearing- i in only removing it to kiss the Bible. This ? custom is freely followed in the Victorian House, : in accordance with the traditional appearance of members of the House of Commons. The dying Government seemed to be counting ( Opposition heads, when a sudden note of wild triumph rose in broken bars to the roof, and tried , to escape through a parliamentary dead-light. . This was the historic laugh patented by the Oppo- 1 eition in the vocal organs of Mr. Peacock, M.L..A.. . After issuing it (each edition being copyright), ; he snaps his mouth together, and looks uncon- ] Bcious! * The dark-green morocco of the Assembly benches is new and handsome. Not so the short red skirts of their Honors Mr. Justice Hodges and Mr. Justice A'Beckett, which look a trifle old and scanty as they advance to shake hands with the Speaker (Mr. Mason). He has just been reelec ted to office, and makes a neat speech in return ing thanks. A gallery above the Speaker's chair has a curi ous arrangement at the back. It looks like a Euccession of mahogany doors, which have been Unhung in the moving, and continues to evade the late of hanging ?which they richly deserve. For they give the lieges who suspend the upper por tion of their bodies above them (in order to wit ness the scene below) the appearance of malefac tors in the stocks, who are craning their necks to look for the holes through which, they may insert their feet. , When newly-elected members had kissed the took, and declared in distinct tones their solemn f oath 'to bear true allegiance to her Majesty Vic toria,' the ceremony was over, and non-members toddled off to lunch. The opening of the last session of the Vic torian Parliament under the old order took place in the Upper House last Wednesday. From the great, crystal chandeliers~\jverhead the lights flashed on a brilliant scene. Red and gold are the principal colors in the Melbourne Upper House. And, as you know, red and gold light up well. Crimson velvet seats run in tiers like a richly-padded horseshoe round the body of the building. A throne chair of royal red is raised on a small dais that fits into a round niche. And in this round hollow stood square, soldierly figures— blue and gold or red and gold — his Excellency's suite. Above pranced gilded lions rampant, with fiercely curling tails and glaring eyes. The ceremony in the Upper House last Wednes day was a short one. The Lieutenant-Governor . took his seat, and removed his hat Splendid beings in handsome uniforms, advanced and re treated, took up the great mace, only to find some new place of safety for it. Unlike the custo dians of the late lamented Mace (for which the historian of the future may search the past in vain), they seemed quite certain where to find it Xrhen they wanted it! Colonel Selwyn Campbell, in a handsome uni form of scarlet and gold, bowed with deep obeis ance to the Lieutenant Governor, walking l-ack- ?wards as he did so. Suddenly remembering that Mr. Speaker is enthroned in a big chair opposite ?to Ms Excellency, and fearing perhaps that he may feel slighted, Colonel Campbell one© more advances, and bows profoundly to the Speaker. Not to be outdone in civility, the Speaker bows still lower. This sets everyone off 'nodding, nid, nid, nodding.' Masculine dreams of beauty, ?with lace ruffles and hands on sword-hilts, carry ?their hats in their hands, and their heads on springs. No sooner is Mr. Speaker appeased by profound bows, than the insatiable appetite of the throne appears to demand more obeisance. and, by the .time a short address had been read and Parliament- considers itself assembled, gilded officials put inquiring hands to the back of their aching heads— just to see if they are still screwed on properly. .-..-- Sir 'William Zeal, President of the Council, en tertains a large number of guests In a -handsome suite of rooms after each ceremony. Here fora gather the wives of. country .Tnembeite, who come -o town on purpose to be present. They grouped in small dusters, while .thedr husbands stayed them 'With ices and similar- aids to shortening life. For some Victorian, country members are eaid to resent being taken -in charge with undue ?ostentation and frequency by the sharers of their country hearths and homes, wJiOi it Js said, come -to town more often lately than in former years. Preparations'for the visit of their Eoyal High nesses, the Duke and Duchess of York, go on apace in Melbourne. No lady in Toorak, -who \- considers herself a lady, allows a day to pass ?without draping herself in a winding sheet. Not from any desire to expire gracefully in the Royal presence, but from a firm, determination to walk backwards in a Court train without tying her feet in a knot. Housemaids tell thrilling tales of dusky rooms- at twyighfc, 'Rooms haunted -with ? ghostly figures wrapped in long white sheets, who curtsey in the gloaming before wardrobe mirrors; figures that bend low, with -weary monotony, as they advance and retreat. The story goes that a country girl, engaged as an under housemaid in a Toorak mansion, rushed shrieking through the corridors one bright moon- j light night. With chattering teeth she told her story, and refused to remain another night in a haunted house. 'For,' said she; 'there's no luck in. any place where you sees the missis' ghost walking backwards, and' kissing of 'er own 'and.' On Saturday night, in the Elite Hall, Queen Victoria Markets, Mme. Gough superintended the performance of four little plays written by her self. Three of these -were performed in French by pupils from Miss Harriott's College, Stan more. In spite of the deluge on Saturday night, the large hall was well filled. Judge and Mrs. Mur ray, the. Misses Murray, Mrs. Vandeleur Kelly, and Miss CoIIingridge were near the front seats, and were thus enabled to obtain a good view of Mr. Quong Tart's dragons, which appear to be the most amiable of their kind. These gilded mon sters, with expansive smiles, form part of the decorative system of the proscenium, and are al ternated with small, round mirrors, in -which they try (with small success) to see their own iiKenesses. In 'Les Filles Militaires' pretty schoolgirls are suddenly filled with a martial spirit, and resolve to go to the Transvaai. Down comes the curtain in slow creaking agonies. Up goes the curtain (in the same complaining fashion, with a bad crick in its sides), and, behold, the schoolgirls are again discovered. In blue blouses with red sashes tied from shoulder to waist, with white skirts and red caps, suggestive of the Commune, 'Les FUles Mi litaires,' march and counter -march with great spirit. Whether they are now on the borders of the Transvaal, whether they are singing the '?Marseillaise' (or only the air), or whether they are about to enter Canton (which is represented in a drop scene), only the first-class French scholars could say with certainty. 'Mareh&ns;,' says the leader, in fine French of the imperative mood. What puts an end to aH ?this glory? The sudden entrance of a very small boy. His air of pride is probably due to his re cent translation to knickerbockers and his present position as an attache. He hands a document to 'Les Filles Militaires,' who reads it aloud. This (in French) decides everything. Instead of going to the war they go to a ball, and the curtain comes down, amidst loud applause. In 'La Petite,' Mr. Norman Gough distin guished himself as an amateur actor. Mr. Charles Murray played smoothly as M. Desehamps, and amongst other performers on Saturday nierht were Miss Amy Mack, Miss Duncan, and Miss Sweetland. Presentation to Mr. Reid.— The Town Hall was filled by a large and exceedingly damp audience last night. In order to see the right honorable gentleman receive his address, 'hundreds,' as he said, 'had left their comfortable homes to brave the pitiless rain.' The hundreds then gave their wet umbrellas a last pitiless shake (over -their neighbors* feet), and settled down to the other business of the evening. On the platform were numbers of people who started in rows near the front (on leather chairs), rnd finished about half-way up on the steps near ;he great organ. Lady Harris, Mrs. Thompson, Miss Harris, and Mrs. Reid were amongst the lumber of ladies present on the platform. . The 'Bridal March' was the last item down 3D the preliminary programme. But to the tune jf 'Soldiers of the Queen' (with variations which sent it down ' to -the bottom of the organ key board), Mr. Reid began to marcn in procession Erom the main entrance to the platform. Then the music ceased, and the reception began. Cheers and other tokens of welcome, including the wav ing of vet hats, continued till Mr. Reid took his seat on the platform. Outside the Town Hall last night, the beating rain swept the streets (which take kindly fca a good deal of sweeping), and when a disconsolate policeman shook the surplus water off bik cape, and looked for the outside crowd,* he looked (through dripping eyelashes) in vain. Even the lost dog, which shivered on the lowest stone step of the Town Hall, entered the building later on, to hear the speeches, and leaving aurriedly (un der stress x»f circumstances from behind), caused no further anxiety to anyone. 