TILE SCOURGE OF GOD. \--- - - (A. Sarath Kumar Ghosh, in the "Daily Express," July 12.) At this moment, from the banks of the dodavery to the waters of the Suit ldj, all India is a desert. Sixty mill liuiis of people, as large a number as would twice liii England and Wales, are racked with the pangs of hunger; six millions of them would die to morrow but for a handful of rice. Hlow many more have passed away beyond Lie reach of human aid, no man can tell. In Central lndza the affliction ic the deepest. The 1ields are void and barren, and withouf people. The cracked earth, burn't to a mahogany brown, shrieks for rain. Not a patch of green any where, not a blade of grass. The leaves of the trees, withered, frizzled, twisted, have fallen off the naked branches. In entire villages not a living creature can, be seen, save, perhaps, an emaciated bullock breathing out its life in the company of a starving crow, that watches for its last gasp from an ad jacent dung-heap. Half the popula tion, those still able to walk or stand, have gone off to the relief camps; the other half have laid themselves down to die in silence in hovels and dark places. The scenes in the camps are grim and tragic. From one thousand to five thousand are gathered together in different places-a multitude of skin and bones, and h1ollw, glassy eyes. The flesh on any of them would not cover the body of an average English babe. Their emaciated faces bear an expression of abysmal despair, intensi fled ai hundredfold by contrast with the look of intelligence, and even refine ment, in those not so far gone in star vation. Little children, who have come with their mothers into the camp. stand with large lustreless eyes, watching the hungry, mangy curs that, too, have followed in the wake of the population-and they light with the curs to snatch a Hlalf-eaten crust. The usual labour in the camp is breaking stones; the pay, an anna (penny) per day. A large heap, comprising a dozen big rocks, the largest half a hundred weight, is a man's allotted task; a lesser heap, a woman's; half a man's heap is a child's. And these stones have to be broken up so small as to make macadam roads. A traveller was passing by the camp, a sturdy young Englislimpn. He no ticed a man sitting heroic his unbroken heap, with arms thrown dejectedly over his knees. A few yards off was a girl of eight, ineffectually tapping a cobble-stone with a small mallet. The traveller took in the situation, and asked the man for his hammer. The half- starved creature's 'hands trembled weakly in merely raising the hlatiller, and the young Englishman, athlete though he was, essayed a dozen vigor ous blows before he could split the rock. But lie stayed an hour, and broke up the man's heap and the girl's. And now a new terror was added to the sufferings of the multitude. So far they had water to drink; now the shallow wells, dug with spades and mattocks, had yielded uip their last drop. The camp had no scientific ap paratus for boring deep artesian wells. And the heat was terrific-150deg. In the sun. The sun was a ball of fire in a sky of copper. The thirsty multitude gazed upwards with lolling tongues, but saw not a rain- cloud anywhere. dVIaddened with unutterable pain, they broke forth in search of water. In a body they deserted the camp. Hun ger was bad; thirst a thousand times worse. Far across the fields they roamed in groups of tens and twenties. At last a cry of joy was heard; it came from a party making towards a clump of trees and low bushes. All within ear-shot rushed that way. In the centre of the little jungle was a stagnant pool -the remains of last year's rains, pro tected from the fierce sun by the over hanging trees and tall bamboo reeds. But the water was a yellowish green, covered with a threefold layer of rot ting leaves. It was all alive with living, creeping things, and buzzing with blue-winged flies. Into this the multitude cast themselves, and lapped up the water greedily with their tongues. That night cholera broke out In the camp-"black cholera," that tortures its victims with untold agonies before releasing them by death. Its only mercy is that it is so short; sometimes three hours,, at most six. That night the multitude laid themselves down by the roadside. Most of them were in bare loin-cloths; here and thei'e one lay shrouded in a white sheet like a silent ghost. Thie heat was 110 in the shade, and this at night. The un winking moon shone alike upon dead axid dying. Darkness would have given a sense of coolness. Not a breath of win~d stirred the dust-motes that hung in the air like painted spots against a painted sky. After a while the English doctor came. He felt [a nulise here, examined a distended dye hail thei'e, shlook his head in silence. and passed on. Only a few received a dose from the black bottles h-il assis tanlt cai'ried. The others awaited their turn-some lying still in callouis apathy, some struggling up with fever ish eyes, to read their doom in the doctor's face. Suddenly ; low moan was heard in the palpitating stillness-from some poor wretch who had read his death warrant. The effect was instantane ous. The cry passed from mouth to mouth. Eleven hundred moans shook the hot air, eleven hundred cowering forms swayed from side to side in agonising terror. It was black de spair and panic now. A sudden panic, appalling in its intensity. The eleven hundred rose up, all but the dead, and fled into the night-some tottering and falling, rising again in a vain effort, then cast prone upon the earth-some reeling like drunmu en men, helping each other with loked hands, like the blind leading the blind. But all fled into the jungle, the white, pitiless moon shining upon the huddled heaps that marked the fugitives' flight along the fields. And there was none to bury. them or burn them. But from afar off there arose an ominous sound-hoarse screeches and flapping wings. It was a flock of vul tures, starving, fierce, fighting one an other with claw and talon to get down first to do their horrid work. This was done in the green wood;: what shall It be said of the dry? Who shall speak of the pains of those who remained in the village? Respectable women, veiled from the eyes of men, who to dig were not able, and to beg were ashamed! And when the hot, sleepless night came upon the men, they had at least the roadway to lie upon. But what of the unseen women who panted beneath the low, flat roofs and red brick walls? And what of the children?-for where the women are, there are the children also. 