Lover or Husband. CHAPTER XVIII. . A NIGHT OF 1I0RR0K. . ' That night tbe empty corridors Wore full of forms of fear, And up and down their echoing stones Stole feet we could not hear.' Upstairs Gillian stbod'1!aft*ilroftdy' for -the. start. Sho had copied n littlo map of the roads .from tho Country Guide to use when they were out of the radius sho know': Sir Charles' ten pound note was pinned inside tho ?mdip.n nf Vin.r rirnDR ? f.lin Rmnll linnrn-inr» mno ready, with ample room for the jewels, but there was no sign of them for Jacky ! Gillin-n looked nervously at the clock. It was an hour and moro since Jacky had loft her; it was too long, but she would not lot herself think anything had happened. Too au-xious to sit down,, sho paced tho floor fever ishly, and presently romombored her father's papors,' which they dared not leave. Sho went to get them and saw on the top of tho case that slip of paper Jacky had scribbled. ' If I'm not back in. an hour and a half, don't wait for me. Go straight to Sir Charles Vivian and tell him everything. Ho will help you, and I will join you sometime.' ' Join you sometime !' Tho girl who. had written it had meant after death and the grave, for if sho were late it meant she had slipped and drownod. In :shcer despair she had sent Gillian to tho only man who might help her, so that she should not bo alono at Hamilton Place. But -the girl who read it was too sharp for her. Tho meaning of, tho note flashed on her, and her' lips closed in a hard lino, though her eyes wero full of tears. ' I'll riot go anywhere, if Jacky gets drowned for me, for that's what sho means.' Her thoughts seemad to fly in her brains. ' What a fool I was to let her go alono ! But sho shan't dio— sho shan't.' She had tho lamp out and was in tho passage through the red baizo doers into Marchmont's part of tlio house aB she spoke. But her light feet could not keep up with hor heart, that had gone far alioitd of her into that unknown passage whore Jacky was. If only sho had read that noto first— tho time was nearly up now! Gillian's throat swelled with the thought;of what might be happening to Jacky now, and at tho .Unbidden vision of it sho said Bomo thing to herself just over a whisper. -'? 'Wait, Jack dear, I'm oomiug ! Don't go too far !' v For if Jacky could dio, so could Gillian. Sho was standing at tho side door almost before she know it, having flown like a ghost through tho silont house. It was opon wido to tho rainy night, as Jacky had not left it. Gillian did not think of that aB sho stepped through it. But onoe outside, she stopped as if she had boon shot. Ib was no accident thafhad stopped Jacky — It, was worse ! sho had boou caught ! ? For behind her. .rose the sound of muffiod voices, furious, suspicious. Marchmont and the butler had como into the littlo hall by the curtained door from tho other side of thij house ; they had a candle and sho saw them plainly through tho crack of tho door. Marohmont, Bcornful, unbelieving, but giving in to tho will of his servant, Brooks, sickly white with exhaustion, his breath coming in gasps, his face streaming with rain and sweat. ' 'I toll you it's true,' ho panted. 'I haven't trusted Lesnrd lately. I wont over there to-night to warn him, and I caught him instead ; and so did'aomo one as well, .or I'm off my head.' ' . ' ? '' 'You say he's hero ?' Marohmont inter rupted angrily. , ' ' I say that whijn I got there I saw a man hanging round, so I hid ; and Losard must havo soon him, too, for tho moment ho was gone out canto my gontloman ; and he's horo now, for I followed him- evory stop of tho way. If he's after any good,'.why is ho down bo low ?' — pointing. ' Ho went in — I saw him; aud if wo'ro not quiok we'll ovoi* see him no r tho jowels again f' He stampod his foot with impotent rago at tho supinoness of his partner. Conviction had not yot oomo to Mr. Marohmont. ' 'Slippery devil !' ho said. ' But ovoii so, he daro not go against mo. More likely he's como to got out of tho way of' that London fool.' . ' ' So ho- lights, a lantern and lota, it shino till I saw it when I was on tho wall 1 Damn you, Marohmosfc, have you no sonso ?' Ho 'brought his hand down with a. 'hopeless gesture, and dropped his candle. . i ',Bo good enough to bo quick, and look out what you'ro doing,' said Marohmont, furiously. ' Go and^get another light and follow mo down into tho collar ; we'll soon find out who's right— you or I !' Ho turned, caroloBS of iho darkness, to tho kitohon stairs. Brooks was lof t to gropo his way baok again to tho liglited hall. Gillian, 'with a qupor calmness, as if sho wore doing tho most ordinary thing in lifo, and woro not certain that Jaolcy was not ovon now at Losard's.morcy, stoppod af tor Maroh mont. Sho1 could boo him striking matohos all tho way down tho Btairs. . Sho was ' close' behind him as ho got a candlo out of tho kitohon, but out of sight by means of a friendly doorway. Sho saw by his fast' disappearing light thatvsho was oloso to tho foot of tho stairs j also tha,t a looso iron bar was oh tho door that hifl hor. It was a flat, strong thing, riot very heavy, and without a tromor of a pulse sho took it from tho stay that hold it. If jSfarohmont and LoBard woro to sot on Jaoky togothor thoy would bo bottor without Brooks ; ho was.vioiouEfly oruol from oowardioo. If Jaokythad managed to hido, and tho two mon.quarrollod, thoy could fight fair without BrookB. . Sho stood quietly behind tho. jamb of tho opoii door and wnitod. , ... ? The quasi butler, hurrying downgtairs with one hand iu front of his candle to shield it, saw nothing ahead of him but fleeting shadows. He saw nothing still when a deadly pain caught him across the knees and sent him to the floor from the second step of the stairs in a sprawling leap. Gillian heard tho dull crash of his fall, the thud of his head on tho flagged passage. After that not a sound, not even breathing. ' Was he dead ?' She did not caro ; ho was out of the way. His matches and candle had fallen to tho ground ; she groped for them on her knees until sho found them. The man never stirred as sho lit his own candlo and went on, leaving him lying on his face. He was one less to mui'der Jacky ; that was all. As she neared thn wine-cellar sho pinched out her light lest Marchmont might be wait ing for Brooks. But the place was .dark, there was no one there, and only a cold rush of air in her face told -her tho queer, tunnel was open. How had he managed to move the stone ? It had 'taken three of them the night Jacky had followed. That was the very thing that had finally rousfid'Marchmont's unwilling suspicion. Tho stone that had been so cumbersome waB on tho floor; only tho wine biu hid tho gaping hole into the tunnel. There was something wrong, and, to do him justice, Marchmont was no coward, . . If Brooks had been with him he' could have explained the^tnyetery. Ho had spent tho afternoon carefully basing the fit' of the stone that blocked the aperture and had extracted it with a crowbar. But tho early arrival of Marchmont himself from Wellford House had alarmed him. He pulled tho wine bin in front of the hole and went upstairs, locking tho door behind him, and carrying with him tho evening's supply of wine, as a good butler should. In his sudden distrust of Lesard ' he had forgotten all about tho 'stone that he had made fit loosely, because ho foresaw ; thnt if ever thoro wero trouble it would be his part to get. tho jewels and run. And in that event I'hero would bo no throo men handy to bo lifting stones. But Brooks lay by the kitchen stairs con cerning himself with nothing. Mr. Marchmont, apprehensive of trouble from tho only event of tho day that was meaningless, crept through tho opon hole. Ho had been gone loug enough for his light to be out of sight when Gillian reached tho place. There was determination in her faco as she lit hor own candlo for just long enough to bo sui-p of the way to get in tho opening. ? For once sho looked like Jacky as sho blew out tho tiny flame and slipped like a cat into the darkness of the square window-like aperture. Even tho Blimy wall, the running water, did not stagger hor ; almost confident, she stole down 'the passage, for it was two agajust two now. Sho put forcibly from 'hor mind the. thought of Lesard's great strength'; nothing mattored if sho could only find Jacky. But where, where was sho ? ' ______ . . . CHAPTER XIX. . . ?.'..- ' MURDER. Whero, indeed ? Alone with tho man she had loved, separated from him only by that bar of rock that presently he* would sauntor xip to, and conscious that she dared not trust in his mercy or his honour for one second if ho found hor. '? ?-??'?:??'- ?'??* ? ' And ho will find mo for that's why ho camo in !' Sho thought dully, as if it wero 'somo one else's affair, not hers. Sho did not ovou trouble, as to whether ho could hoar' hor. breathing or not. Sooner or later sho would seo his^faco, insolont and mooking, leaning; svor the ridgo that hid her. But tho seconds turned to minutes and the man did not move. Then a sound sho knew . was loud in tho still ness — ho was lifting the stones — the stones ofl: tho jewels — and half those., jewels wero round hor own waist 1' ' ' Ho is making sure what I've takoh !' At tho thought sho quivered, wondering if ho would kill her when ho know what she had done. ' . ' Well, I'm damned !' Tho slow, unbolioving exclamation-! rang through tho place, and toldher her hour was como. ' Very softly sho raised hersolf a littlo, for at least sho would not meet him orouching ; but he made no movement toward her..- Sho could hoar him fumbling among tho things that remained as iFTio could not boliovo his own oyps. . Suddenly ho gave an angry littlo laugh, iiko a snarl. , ? . ' Marchmont,' he said softly. ' Marohmont has ' marked tho king 1' And I'm loft !' Ho laughed again. ' Not by a long chalk, if I know it,' ho muttorod just over his breath. Sho hoard him handling something that rattled. 'Not by that, and by that!' Open-mouthed, the listonor loaned against her slimy sholtor. ?' » ? Ho had said Marohmont! Thon ho could not hdvo soon hor light, or suspoct her ; ho had comb only as sho had done' — to steal. If sho lay quite still would he go away without suspicion? Would she yot live to look on tho sky again ? ; ^ Sho waB moro frightened now m hor un oertainty than' sho had boon when sho was hopeless. Sho triod to pray for holp, but nothing ,would oomo to hor mind but two words : sn u G-od— dear God !' . Sho thought thom frantioally oyor and ovor, and as sho did a now Bound oaught hor sharponod sonsos. ? - Stops ?woro coming down tho passago from the i collar and Lesard did not hoajr them. _ Tho awful thought that it might bo Gillian oamQ to look for hor camo ovor hor, till sho remembered Gillian novor could havo moved that stone. , .' ' We'll) Losard I' said tho sardomo voice, so oloso at hor olbow that sho was oortain Marohmont saw her. 'May' I ask what; you'ro doing horo P' ?'...? . 'I'ra doing just what you'vo done,' coolly, ' Looking after tho stuff. What did you do,' insultingly, ' with what you took ?' 'Took! What do you moanP' Maroh mont moved hastily to tho displaced stonos. ' What foolishnosB aro you talking, and. what right havo you to snoak in Iiko this P How do' you know who's outside looking at your light P Brooks' told mo ho-could soo it.' ' _ ' BrookB told you that, did ho P' Losard'a voioo was vory quiot, but onb hoaror at loast folt tho danger* in it. 'Woll, it was a Ho. Don't you boo I'm in my shirt P My ooat'8 in ono slit, my waistcoat in tho other. I'm obligod to'Brooks but I'll Bottlo with you first. Got that bolt and givo mornyflhnro, or— woll, you'd bettor, got' it 1' significantly. . ? ' What belt ? Isn't it there ? You'ro mad !' Marchmont's voice was all but a scream of fury. Ho bent over the half empty hiding place as Lesard had done, and, Iiko a man struck with madness, scrabbled in tho hole with his hands. Lesard laughed. 'Isn't it there? By ? that's 'good — from you ! When did you take it, or did you let that shivering fool Brooks get it ?' But Marchmonf, quite changed from the precise, annoyed, superior person he had bepn a moment ago, had risen to his feet- with a furious ejaculation, , ' 'If any ono Iks it, it's you!' he cried, savagely, and so quickly that oven Lesard was caught unprepared. .He seized him round the waist with both hands, feeling for the belt, Lesard jerked him off almost without an effort, but just an instant too late. March mont had folt a hard, bulging packet under his shirt. . ' Tou've igot it,' he said, rts ho went staggering backward almost to the ridge of rock. ' Givo it. to me, and I share it with you — and then be well rid o£ a sneaking liar.' ' That's , enough !' Lesard's voice was savage now. ' You are talking rot, and you know it. I haven't got tho belt — I've got better ! You'ro welcome to your wretched belt. I always thought you were in that black diamond business, though you did show such a clear slate, and now I know.' He pulled sqnfething from undor his shirt, aud dangled it , in his partner's faco. ' Do you seo these ? If you do you'd better take a good look jit them, for you won't see thom again.'' Jacky expected an outburst from March mont, but for a long moment ho was abso lutely silont. When ho answered it waB with such difficulty that the words seemed to creak in his throat, ' My black diamonds,' he said slowly ; ' the clevorost bit of work that I ovor did to go to you.' 'Exactly.' Tho mocking devil in Lesard's eyes seemed to havo sobered Marchmont, for he spoke with sudden frankness.* ' Lesard,1 I give you my honour, I never touched that bolt ! If you don't know where it is, I don't. Put that necklace back and I'll share all tho rest of tho stuff with. you, whether you havo the belt or not. My luokis iu that necklace.' Losard laughed. ?' My luck's in it now !' he retorted. ' As for the- belt, I came to take my share of it and go. My share, mind you — no more. I'm sick of hanging round hero, and that detec tive's spotted mo. But aB you or Brooks have been before me, I'm going to square it with this, ? I don't caro a damn which of you has the bolt, now !' ' Neither of us has it. Send fov tho man aud ask him.' ? Marchradnt was trembling where he stood, but not with terror. 'Shakespeare, by George,!' said Losard, with a shrug. ' But I'm not Bitting iu tho gallery, d'1 you seo? I'm playing the star. And 1 wouldn't believe one word you or your ?precious pal said ; not even on your honour !' with an unpleasant grin. ' ' And those will pay mo woll for your little game about tho others.' He flicked tho quoer, black nook lace so that it gave out shivering gleams of green and rod firo, and in tho candlo light showed a brilliant point of white lustre in tho ?centre of eaoh dark fetono. ' It was a1 low trick to annox these,' he said lazily, ' and you deserve to lose thom.' Marchmont turnod his hoad a littlo.' Surely he hoard Brooks coming down from tho cellar ! How slow tho man was— did ho oxpect him to settlo with Losard alono ! Ho slipped his hands into his trousers pockets, and tho right ono found something. Yot still ho did not answer. He was thinking of a trick, ho had learned in Russia in his youth — a trick ho had kept bright by constant practice in doors and . out. In South Amori°a ho had killed - a horab on tho run with it. Aud Lesard was standing still. ' If you tako my diamonds I'll givo you away,' ho said. at last. ' You can't,' roturnod Lesard simply. ' You'd ruin yourself and not get me. I'm off now. My regards to Brooks, aud I'll settle with him at my convenience. By tho way, Billy won't work without mo, so you'd bettor got two now hands while you'ro about it.' Ho throw-back his head and looked at Maroh mout with ' amused triumph j thon turnod round' nodding farewell. . ' You move another stop and I'll kill you !' There was real moaning, real menace, in the sharp warning, but Losard never ovon turuod his head. , Ho * know Marchmont never carried a ' revolver, aud to-night was certain ho had'nono ; for tho man was small and his evening clothes so exquisite fitting that thoy would havo shown at onoo whero ho carried a pistol. Mr. Losard for all his jeering, had sharply iuspootod every niche of hisopppnout's figure as he s'tooped rfver tho hole in tho floor. - ' I don't think so,' ho roturnod indiffer ently, for tho only' thing in Marohmont's powor was to rush him in the black stream, a'nd that ho lacked w'oight to do. Still smiling, Losard moved on, bracing himsolf a littlo to moot tho futilo rush that might como frotnbohind; ' But' it did not oomo. Marohmont's hand instoad camo out of his pobkot — ho whoolod whoro ho stood ; .thoro was a poouliar short whizz in tho air and na, furious oath from Losard, who turnod, his right hand gripping somothing that stuck in tho point of : his loft shouldor. Marohmont had thrown a knifo, long and solid, such as Cossack herdors wear.. Tho quiok whistlo as it shoorod through tho air had beon all that had kept it from Losarcl's heart; ho had ducked sidoways just, in time. And now his faoo was tho face of a devil, ovory traco of humanity and dooonoy wiped off it. It was. tho 'real Losard who stood staring at tho blood that soaked his shirt, holding that knifo in his hand. '? The pain, tho sight of his own blood, maddonod him, Ho lookod at Marohmont. Ho was ho. quiet that Jaoky, who had boon oxpooting the report of a revolver aftpr Marohm6nt!s throat, thought it had boon bravadp. 'But Marohmont, who oould soo him, turnod to run. Thoro was tho#quiok sound of a leap* a dull, quoor shooring *noiso that Jaolcy did not- comprehend, and thon a sorooohing cry that made hor jump to hor foot. Only for tho hpight of hor ridgo of rook, Losard must havo soon hor, ? ? Siok and shaking, sho, foil baok against tho wall. , What had boon dono P What had inado ' Marohmont givo that dreadful cry Iiko a dying boast P Had Lonard killed him P Did j eho hoar him moan now, ov was it hop fnnoy P. i ^ ? ' ' , I She was half fainting with the horror of what ? she could not see. Tho silence after that cry was awful ; and where was Lesnrd ? Was sho to stand by and see killing, as she had stood by and seen robbery ? Surely it was her guardian angel who made hor limbs too heavy to stir, her voice powerless in her throat ; for outside tho work had been too well done for any girl to ' check it. And outside Lesard throw down a knifo on the floor, stooped once moro to the hole and rifled it, and walked away, stopping only to put on his coat and vest, never even taking tho pains to put out Marchmonfs candle, Ho was going !# And she, the only witness, was left .in this awful place with a man who might be dead ordying — be stunned only — for she know nothing1 of the knife. Lesard was goiug — and she could not swear she had seen him, With a recklessness as good aB his own sho moved to where the ridge was low, and looked over it. Ho was crossing the stepping stones gaily, carelessly, with the old light carriage of the head that she had loved. She watched him drop on his kneos and worm himself into the opening, and then sho saw why be had not troubled lost Marchmont's candle might shine out through the air slits ; he had blocked them carefully with some stuff he had brought with him, aided with his own coat and vest. A soft, stirring movement behind her brought hor sharply round. Was Marchmont hurt, or was he looking at her as sho peered over her sholtor ? ' My God !' ssid Jacky Hamilton. For there lay Marchmont on his back, close to the edge of the stream ; the frout of his white shirt was scarlet, and ho was absolutely still, a littlo trickle of blood at his open mouth. Ho had beon stabbed. Tho knife that had done it lay besido him ou the rough stonos. Sickened, sho stared at him, and thou grow colder than ho, who was warm still. The man's limbs were lax and motionless, and yot she heard that movement of stealing feet that drew nearer. If Brooks found her hero alono with that blooding thing on tho floor, with tho jowels strapped about hor, would ho — sho -put her hand sharply to her throat as though sho folt the hangman's rope on' it. Sho had not even senso enough left to hide. ' Jacky !' camo a whisper close to hor. ' Jacky, for God's sake! where are you ?' White, staring, Jacky turned and Baw Gill. ' He's dead — ho killed him !' She could only whisper in a dreadful, incoherent jabber. ' I didn't do it,' ' Como out,' said Gillian goutly. Sho stooped over Marchmont aud jielt his heart, carofully kpeping hor fingers froo from his oozing blood. t ' 'Don't touch him!' Jacky muttored shuddering. \- Soniohow sho thought that lax body might be shamming, might start suddenly to life and stab and stab with the knife that lay so close to its fingers. Thon sho cried out as though she wero only just conscious that Gillian was thoro. '* ' How did you got horo ? Is ho dead ?' . ' Prom tho cellar. No, not yet, but I think he's dying.' She drow back and lookod to see that hor fingers wero unstained. ' I saw it all. I saw him throw a knifo and I saw Lesard stab him. I camo to holp you, but I didn't seo you. I've been mad to know if you'd got out.' ' Oomo out now, quiok !'' Jacky stood in the middle of the floor, sick and reoling. ' We can't go through the way I came,' slowly. ? 'Brooks was thoro; ho may be awako by now !' . . ' I'll show you, only como ! Wo must got, our things and get out of this dreadful house bofore any one finds him. Oh, Gill! he won't dio, will ho ? we can't let him dio. Lesard killed him for tho bolt and it was I who had it. If he dies I'm his murderer as much as Lesard!' ' What can wo do ?' quietly. ' And that is all wrong ! You could not holp their quarrelling. Oomo along ; wo can't Btay. horo ; wo must get our bag and go. ' What aro you doing ?' sharply. Por. Jacky was on her knees by Marchmont ; had soaked his handkorohiof in tho ioy stream and mado a pad ovor tho narrow cut in his shirt. Was it hor fancy, or did tho dosed eyes opon ovor bo slightly ? At tho perilous thought sho roso swiftly, hor hands dabblod'with his blood. ' I know what to do now,' she said hoarse ly. ' Ho was a devil, but wo can't lot him dio ; we don't want tq be hangod.' Sho knelt down by tho roaring water, lean ing on one hand for safety whilo sho washed tho other. In the gloom sho did not soo a bloody print of hor loft hand showing clear on tho yollow stono floor. Tho right hand that was washed first loft only a mark of wntor ; sho never thought of tho othor. ' Oomo,' she ropoatod feverishly, ' I know how wo oan^got away from hore and savo his miserable life, too, if wo'ra quick.',' Gillian followed hor ovor tho stepping stonos, clutching hor skirt for guidance, out into the froo air of night. But thoy soarcoly darod stop to broatho it, for thoy must got unsoeu to thoir own rooms whilo thoro waB broath in Marchmont's body. ? ? When thoy roaohod tho side door it was opon, tho houso .absolutely still ; they mot no ono, hoard no ono, as thoy groped their way to Gillian's room. Jaoky'B tooth chattored as sho throw down thoBO jowoIb that had killed Marchmont. But she smoothed hor hair uovortholosB, put on her shoos, flung a 'flanuol wrappor ovor hor dirty dress. ' ' _ '« ' Paok ovprything ; moot mo outside tho front *door in fivo minutos,' she ordorod, ' before Gibbs has timo to wako tho servants. I'm going to toll her I. hoard somo one scream.' But as bIio oponod tho rod baizo door she know thoro was no nood to toll anything. Sho saw Brooks limping down tho stairoaBO aftor tho flying houBokoopor ; thoy wore rousod already— going to tho collar, Brooks had found out ! '' ?? . Gillian Baw it in Jaoky's faco aB sho ran bad.1 and flung hor wrappor on tho bed. It soomod not a miuuto boforo thoy 5woro out in tho rainy night again; running from that house of crime. Thoy had tho ]owols ; they ,worb .froo ; thoy hold secrets onough to ruin .thoir onomios, and neither of thom thought for ono miuuto of Jaoky's hand print, rnark'od in blood oh tho collar sfcemos. ? ' (To bo oontimied.') 