The Sketcher. A Gold Coast Mystery. (From the "Weekly Telegraph/’) Tiie Koyai Mail Steamship Maboona was steaming slowly along the Gold Coast, Ijoimd from Accra to Liverpool, and the passengers, lying about in deck chairs, gazed lazily out from under the shade of double awnings across the glittering water at me long coast line, which unrolled itself l.ke a panorama before Uicm. 1-ong lines of yellow beach, where the ltlnc Atlantic rollers broke ill sheets of snowy l'oam. low bluffs crowned with great cottonwood treos, clusters of na tive huts lying beiieaiji the simile of feathery palms, roaring surf-covered bar and river mouth, ad came ititos gilt, and disappeared as the steamer foiled along, until, lying some distance behind, the coast among what appeared to be miles of mangrove swamp;-.a lonely tint- j topped mountain rose in view. I Ine summit couid be.plainly seen; against the blttu tropic skv, but the lift- j per slopes were covered with Wren tits j of mist, which was strange, as'tlte rest | of the landscape lay sharp and clear iu the sunlight. “That must be the Ghost Mountain our black passengers tell us the strange tales about. By the way, you promised to tell us about the time you went to the top, Commissioner,” said the Doc tor, turning to District' Comm ssiouer Odtly, who lay back in a cane chair. The latter was u slightly made, spare man, who was return.ng home invalid ed, haggard and yellow iu face from the climate and fever, but stilt showing by the flash of his eye, and the linn mouth, traces of energy aud decision. He turned to the Doctor, and answered: • “ Yes, 1 lived—aud several times near ly died—in sight of it for three years, but although i ouce tried I did not got to the top, and never wish to try again. The natives say no one but a .lit du man ever reached the summit ami lived.” Here the passengers drew in their chairs to listen, aud the Commissioner continued : “It w;is some twenty years ago that t Jevons, a trading agent, aud myself sat out on the veranda of my house, smok ing an after-dinner cigar. It. itad been a trying day, as hot as tire, aud at night It was if possible worse ; the inside of the room resembled an oven. Outside, however, a faint breeze stirred, bring ing with it the usual smell of burning wood, orange flowers, and lilies, mixed with the foul odours of mud aud swantp, and although there was considerable risk of fever, it was just possible to breathe there, which you couldn't do in “ After wo Jiad smoked a while in silence Jevons stretched out his baud, and x>ointed across the miles of dense forest and mangrove swamps that lay beneath the bright moonlight, opening out here and there to show the glisten ing surface of a broad river reach, or the foul black ntud of a tidal lagoon, to where the Ghost Mountain stood out clearly against-the. sky, with a silver cloud of mist wrapping its lower slopes. " ’ When shall we climb that wonder ful mountain, Oddy ?’ “ ‘ Oil, whenever- you wish ; to morrow, if you like,’ I answered. We were both young, aud. with my head full of the varied informatjon : \- —u-y•T.nmignr. i 'Knew cvcrj tniUo about Africa and its natives. I have changed my mind since, aud am just beginning to learn a. little now—while Jevons, a burly red-faced 'Englishman, was firmly convinced that there was nothing worth knowing except how to make 25 per cent profit for his firm by cheating the natives. We' both of us laughed at the superstitions concerning the mountain, so having decided to go I called for my Sh-antee boy, blew my whistle for Sergeant.Armin and Kossoo, for there were ten ’ Haussa6' attached to the station. “A few moments later the two Haus sas, who are, as you know, Mohammed an black troops, entered. Fine, tail men they’are, from the far interior, with features much finer than those of the Coast tribes, dressed in brown ICarki uniform and a red fez. While they stood at attention I told the boy to have two hammocks and.eight bearers ready by sunrise on the morrow. At this he urged us to abandon the idea, saying that for four hundred years no one but a Ju Ju priest had ever reached the summit without either dying or losing his reason shortly afterwards. How ever, we both Laughed at any ‘supersti tious idea,’ and, turning to the black sergeant, I said : •' ‘ Are you, too, afraid to go, Arnuni “ ‘ Mountain be great Ju Ju, sail ; not good to meddle with the Fetish of the heatherbut where CommissioDah go, Arnun and Kossoo go too, even though the mountain be full of devils,’ was the faithful fellow’s answer. That is the nature of the Jlahommedan. Treat him fairly and lead him well, and he will follow you through-Hades. “We started.at daybreak next morn ing, travelling as far. as we could in our hammocks, with plenty of black carriers,:until the.bush became so thick that we had to go on foot. “ I remember the morning' well, the bright sunshine and brilliant flowers where the forest was thinner, and the solemn dimness and -wreaths of mist that lay around the trunks where the great branches met above us,t every tree festooned with hanging creepers. We. dldnot-know then thet ■tliis.jpb*tiniirht mean (jurckfdeath, and-that the smell of an African forest, half aromatic and half repulsive, was generally full of “On we went, winding in -and out among the trees, now crossing a clear space, and again cutting our way with matchets through thorny bushes, until, when night came, we camped beside a little creek, and I lay awake until dawn, listening to the rustling of leaves and the voices of the forest, and watching the; fireflies flashing in the-grass. ' “In the morning we made an early start, and, after a hard dayis march, climbing and stumbling among man grove roots, several times nearly losing our lives in the pools of fathomless mud that abound in these swamps, we camped"'at sunset tinder the mountain itself. Dividing us from it ran a broad, shallow stream, rippling pleasantly over a sandy bed, only to lose itself lower .down among the rottenness and slime of a mangrove.swamp. The moon shone brightly on the water, and in the bush ■ around us not a leaf stirred, but the mountain in front lay wrapped in a "dark.-cloud of mist,. nut. of. which we oould hear the rustling of-trees and the moaning of a night breeze.. Our bearers, .lit:-spite, of the liberal pay promised them, showed signs .of making.off, de claring ■ that hone of us -would return ralive, aud it was only by threats that ■we could induce them to remain. “When dawn' came 'we forded the stream, and just as we stepped out of the water came upon two tall wands of Acented; wood, driven into the sand, each carrying a white cloth, dipped in 'blood. This is one of the Ju Ju marks, and where it Is set up with the proper ceremonial you atfchk laxall.M i«Sr sessea there, end no native would dare j to touch It " Ac we passed Jevone, out of wan tonness, and with some silly remark about ‘pulling up nigger superstition.-;,' i snapped one of the stakes across Iks knee, and set the pieces floating down the stream. I at once turned upon him “ IV.hat did you do that for ? l-ou fool, look at the carriers ; you'll see they will all bolt now, worse frightened than " ‘ tot. of silly niggers ! Let them bolt, ami wo'll goon alone, oh, Kossoo !’ Iu> said, turning to the Iloussn. " ' Whether they be sticks and stones I know not,’ said the latter in his own tongue, a little of which I knew, ‘ but it is nor good to insult the gods of the heathen.’ ami by this time I knew lie was right. I was a little uncomfort able, for I noticed the carriers mutter ing one to another, and looking at my companion in a threatening manner, but wo indulg'd them to go on by draw ing our revolvers, and the dinib com " While Tihe snntt shone over the forest below" us tihe 'mouuita'iti sides were covered wiitli wllvlte mist, which soaked our clothes aiml seemed to go through to t!he 'bone, and, while wo coiiid l’oel no air on our faces, we could hear tihe trees ■overhead swaying and rustling In the' breeze. The lower slopes were oo'/.iug ■with water and nradi so that our up ward march was difficult ami dismal, especially as wo had to out our way through thorny bushes and masses of 'training' p>,tails most of the rime. Up we wont, struggling, through ; swamp and brake, until towards afternoon ' 1 ■noticed my companion got' strangely quiet, aitrd had a flushed, swollen look about 'his face, which 1 did not like. "When we stopped a few .minutes for breath I said : “ ‘ What's the matter, J ovens ? Are you ill V but 1 only got a surly, ‘ No ; go o/ti;' for an answer, and we continued our way, mid by (! o'clock were some half-way up tihe mountain. “ Here wo found a 'tittle deal- space strewn with a few largo flat rocks, and as 'the bearers had brought some dry 'wood from the forest, below we made a ■lire and prepared to camp. Once or 'twice' I noticed .Tevons stagger us he moved.aixjut. lairra'iiging the simple meal, 'and att last I made him sit down and heave it -alone. While this was going Ion what little dim light there was faded |iway, anil atn Jin tense darkness dosed (around us. My friend’ ate nothing, but Mtra.Dk some of the spirits and quinine 'I gave him, mud then said : “ ‘I don't know what's the matter with me ; my head's on lire, and 1 can’t hold tnysclf up. Some one must have poi soned me—or something. I’ll go to “ Wrapping hitm in his waterproof dlieet 1 placed some baggage under his bead, and sat down beside him. “‘Annin and Ivossoo.’ I said, 'I’ll watch half the night—you sleep.' Then I threw more wood .on the fire, and be gan my lonely vigil. “ Overhead the 'trees swayed and rustled, and a chill wind drove in my face, while fantastic wreaths of mist drifted -aoross 'tihe lirelight. The rod glow fell on my companion's face, ami I saw how flushed and distort!d it was. while he moved uneasily ‘in his sleep, and 'murmured from time to time. Drifting out of the darkness came the moaning of rite wind and the myriad voices 'of tihe forest, and I listened until at last my eyes closed and I fell mslcep^ a.untie x itusifci <a weak voice calling me, 'and, rising to my feet, saw .Tevons trying to raise Mnnself. Hastily running across to him 1 raised hisahead, and he gasped out: “ ‘ I don't know what it Can bn. bin. I feel I’m dying. Hold my hand ; don't .leave me,' and then his head fell back on my knee. “ Calling Annul, I told him to bring some more wood, atnd to rouse one of the bearers, and for the little while he was away in the darkness I felt strange ly desolate. I-n a few minutes ho re tunned. “ ‘ The Shaiitoc men all line for go away,’ he saii-d ; ‘ only Annul and Kos soo here. Where oflieer man live, there be H-aussa man.’ Then lie made -up .rite are -and sa t close beside me. “ I riiin.l! never forgot the (horror of that dismal -night, sitting by the glow of tiie tire, watching the flickering shadows ns I 'held my dying comrade’s head on my knee. The mist drove past tin wreaths, chilling mo through with IDs clammy touch, while all around tihe braindhes swayed and rustled as the wind swept through tihe trees, and at ■intervals tihe snort of the leopard seek ing his prey sounded -through the forest. Jevans moved uneasily at times, and •clutched my hand, but never recovered consciousness, and when at length the weary night passed, awl the dim light • of dawn came filtering through nhe branches, I saw with horror that he was dead. “Abandoning all our luggage we three started to retrace our steps, attempting ■the almost impossible task of carrying Che body of our comrade with us.. All day we straggled downhill, through mud and thorny thicket, tearing our clothes to ribands, and at times getting a nasty wound ourselves, always in the same cloud of clammy mist, I alter nately shaking wi'tiit the fever which now n'ttaeked me, and abusing our eow-airdly carriers for deserting us. To wards evening we readied the stream Which separated the mountain front the mangroves, and here wo Hung ourselves down, and. with pains in every limb, atnd with my blood like liquid lire, 1 lay .-tail -morning in.v..,tli£._; bu*i-u.tnir... o<. "When daylight came. I could scarcely 'stand alone, and, as to carry tile body any further was Impossible, nothing could be done but to scrape a shallow hole in the sandy strip by rhe river, and lay itt-there, at the foot of the 'two Ju Ju wands ; tor when we returned the mtering out1 had been replaced. “ All that day, with swimming head atud- useless limits, t leaned on the should era of my faithful followers, and, half-carried aiud half-staggering, liiani aged 'to get through the awful tract, of ■mangroves, black mud, and swamp, which we .had to cross. Struggling along half-conscious late that night we reached tihe spot where -the hammocks had been left, and. although they were worn out. with fatigue, the two stanch Hniussals took me up. and, travelling along the clear path, we came stagger ing into the compound at. dawn—two haggard, tiaittered bearers and an un conscious man. “ For 'ten days I lay between life and death, and then slowly recovered.” “ Did your friend dhow symptoms Of malaria ?" asked tire doctor. “ 1 have seen many men die of'fever, but none like that,” answered the com iniissionor; ‘“but front tilta.t day I have carefully avoided amy insult to ’the native Fetish. I can give you no rea sons, and cam only say with Hamlet, ‘ There are 'more, .tilings in heaven and earth than ore dreamt of'in-your philo-_ tsotphy.’ And iff -you wiish to know all the strange things* that happen in the African forests you must spend your ®fe ■ among ■them." 'Aprojros of the Increase of the Navy, it goes .without Baying that aa ironclad if bora " with tu.ctothw a*.?.■ ^ 