RUTH. (By Rev. Alexander Whyte, D.D.) "The same is my mother."-Our Lord. .lark :The Book of Ruth is a perfect gem. The Book of Ruth is an apple of gold in a picture of'silver.Composedlin David's day,and crmpos ed tb keep in memory a famous mother of his. the Book of Ruth was a gift altogether ft'rto be offered to a king: and it was an altogether and an eminently fit gift to.such a king ?as David was. It must have been Nathan the prophet who wrote the Book of Ruth and laid it down at the king's feet as a coronation offer ing, or a bridal or a birthday gift. lie who spake to David the parable of the poor man with the one ewe lamb was just the penman to compose the story of "The gleaner maid, t?ek ancestress of him who sang the rsngs .Of sore repentance In his sorrowful mood." Yes, Nathan wans just the strong, tender, and original hand to shape and to set this et:quLq ite gem that shines so sweetly among tae o?rlv links'of David and of Jesus Christ. :'The his torical things in this Book of Ruth," snys.Jon-> - athan Edwards, "seem to be inserted in the canon of Scripture, especially on two accounts. And, first,'because Jesus Christ was of Ituth's posterity. The Holy Ghost thought fit to take particular notice of that marriage of l;on with Ruth, whence sprang the Saviour of the world. We may often observe it," adds Edward.s,"that the Holy Spirit, who indited the Holy Scrip tures. often takes notice of little thigs'. or minute occurrences, that do but remotely re late to Jesus Christ." Both the Bible and all the books after the Bible are full of FINE STORIES OF LOVE. The love of the mother for her child. The love "of" the' lover for her -he loves. The love of the brbther for the sister. The love of Jonathan for David, and David for Jonathan. The love of Paul for his people Israel. The love of Christ for His own, and for all men, and so on. But -either in the Bible, nor anywhere else that' know- of,- is there another-such story of love told as the ldi'e of RiIth for Naomi; the love of this Moabite daughter-in-law for her Heb -ew mother-In-law. Ruth's love for her dead husband's decayed mother is as pure as gold. and as strong as death. Many waters connot quench Ruth's love. And her confession of her love, when she is constralned'to confess it, is the most beautiful confession of love in al the world. The world has nothing after Ruth's confessnan of love like it. "And Naomi -said.un to her two daughters- in-law, Go return each to your mother's house; the Lord deal-kindly- with you, as ye have dealt with the dead, and with me. :And Ruth said, "Intreat me not to leave thee,' or to return from following'.after -thee; for whither thou goest, I- will go, and where thou lodgest. I will-lodge; thy people shall -be my people, and thy God my God; where thou diest. will I die, and there will I be buried. The Lord do so to mie, and more also, !f aught but death part thee and me." No. There Is nothing agaln-llk:e it. "THE SAME IS MY MOTHER." "She nlave to her mother-in-law," adds the prophet Ruths' heart was so full of the cords of love to Naomi that those strong cords drew her out of the land of Moab, and knit her deep into' the lineage of Israel, and into the ancestry of Jesus Christ. And thus it Is that our great seer discovers Ruth seated on her glorious stool In the rose of the seventh heaven beside the glorious stools of the greatest dames of scriptural story-Mary, and Eve, and Rachel. and Beatrice, and Rebecca. Before Ruth had given Naomi the full proof of her love, the des- - elate woman had bestowed her highest praise on Ruth's past love, not only as a wife, but still more as a daughter-in-law. The Lord deal kindly with thee, as thou hast dealt with'the dead, and with me. And the women of Beth lehem at once caught up this quite singular feature of Ruth's affection when they came to congratulate Naomi on the birth of Obed, "Thy daughter-in- law," they said to Naomi, "which' loveth thee, and which is better to thee thia seven sons, bath borne him." And in this salu tation'of the'irs the' women of Jerusalem aro in entire harmony with the whole world about Ruth's so pure, and so noble, and so unusual love. Every language spoken among men has its own stock of cruel proverbs and satires and lampoons at the expense of their mothers-in law. But Ruth and Naomi go far to redeem that relationship from all that ob!loquy. No only daughter of her own body could have been. so devoted to Naomi as her son's young 3Moab ite widow was. All the relationships of human, 1Wfe demand faith, and love, and patience, and forbearance, and good temper, and good sense, and good taste, and good feeling; but, perhaps, shove all the other relationships of life" that of -mother-in-law -, and -daughter- in-law demands all those gifts and graces. But, then. the relationship that offers scope and- opera tCon and reward for all those gifts of heart and graces of char?cter is just that relation ship that should be entered on by all men and wonien with much watchfulness, solicltlous- - ness, prayer, tenderness, sympathy, and loyal ty; in short, with the mind and heart of Ruth that MIoabitess maiden, and Naomi, thaf mother in Israel, that widow indeed. Moses was as much opposed to Ruth's mar riage as he had been to Jephthah's. A Moabite woman shall never be married by an Israelite man if I can help it, said that revengeful old law-giver: not to ten generations shall any-of their off-spring enter the congregation of the Lord. Yes, said Naomi, who had made up her mind to the interdicted marriageF--es, she said to her more conservative and scrupulous husband, as she milked her kine under the top of Pisgah--Yes, she said, but mar riage laws are made for men and women; and not men and women for marriage laws. And had Moses been here, she went on; had Moses been famished out of Bethlehem Judah, as-we have been; and had he been re ceived and entertained by Ruth's and Orpah'e fathers and mothers, as we have been, he would to a certainty have torn that angry leaf out of his law. Depend upon it, she said, as she saw her husband beginning to give way,. depend upon it, Moses had altogether other Moabites in his mind's eye than Ruth and Orpah, and their so hospitable fathers, when he set down his RETALIATORY MARRIAGE LAWS. And Ellmelech at last gave way. Nehemianhi also, as well as Moses, visited the iniquity of the Moabite fathers upon the M?oabite children. to too many generations. For that merciless reformer and iconoclast contended with, and smote with his fists, and forcibly divorced the men of Jerusalem who had marriedl Moab ite women in his day. But there again, this is to be said for Nehemlahb, that the law-break-? ers.of his day had not married such dcar, sweel generous-hearted women as Ruth and Orpah were., "Because their fathers met no; the chil- . dren of Israel with bread and with water.' said Nehemiah." But, 'then, that was just what Ruth and Orpah and their fathers had done-'.; They had met Elimelech, and. Nabi,;. antd. Mahlon, and Chilion, not with bread ad wsater. only, but with wine, and milk, and honey, and spices, and all manner of Moabite fruits, till the land of Moab became to that famished-outim family of Bethlhem-Jiudnah a land of Maci indeed, a mdst'delcctable mountain, a place to dwell in, and to see-their sons and their sons' sons settled in. And.thus it came about that those two Israelite youths, Maahlon and Chilio?i? were married to those two Moabite maidens, Orpah and Ruth. And thus, through all that, it came about in God's providence that a rich - stream of Moabite blood ran first in King David's veins, and then through David's veina into the veins of a. far greater King- than David. After the death of Elimelech, Naomi was a' widow after Paul's own heart. NAOMI WAS A WIDOW INDEED. She was desolate, but she trusted God, and con tinued in supplication and prayer night and: day. She was in behavior likewiso as becom eth holiness. She taught the Moabite young' women about her to be sober, to love their - -husbands, to love their children, to be discreet, chaste, and keepers at home. In-short, she taught them to be wives and mothers in Moab like the wives and, mothers in Israel. I feet sure we shall not be far wrong to trace up it;. great part of Ruth's courage, devotion, extra-. ordinary loyalty, and. exquisite love, not so; much to Naomi's schooling as to 'her esxample She, no doubt, had something to get over; as well as her husband, when the two marriages first began to dawn upon her. At the beglnn ing she, too, had her own struggle with her. Hebrew pride when she saw that her two He brow-born sons were not to be married into some of the oldest and best of the families ofi Bethlehem-Judah. But when she saw that was not to be, she bore no grudge against the twoe. Moabite maidens, but went over to their side, and stood up for them against both Moses and Elimelech, and Nehemiah. And then, now. among the joys of marriages, and now among the sorrows of death-beds, Naomi showed to those two Moabite women what a widawed wife and mother had to rest on in I-rael: and one.. at least, of her daughters-in-law laid the lcs son and the exomp:e well to heart. Yes;: be hind all the nobleness, steadfastness, beauty,. and tenderness of Ruth. I see inspiring and": sustaining and maturing it all, the wise, chas. tened, weaned mind of one who was a mothei". in Israel and a widow in Israel indeed. 