NOVHL. CAPTAIN MOLLY. By MARY A. DENISON, CHAPTER XVI.— (Continued.) * There's not the ghoBt of a chance. Now put on the the hat,' said Molly, and then stood back, her head on one Bide, her glance critical. _ ' Try the bonnet,' sho went on, deftly lifting the pretty trifle of silk and lace. ' Ah, that's it ; that aigrette was just wnai was needed. Juy dear, I hope ho will see you. You've no idea how pretty you are.' As the two girls loft Paradise Flats that evening, they mot Sebastian bringing baby BasBett home. The child's beautiful face lighted at Bight of thorn, and, with a babe's quick, heavenly Binile, lie held out his little arms. Reine followed, very petite, bright and delicately fair in her new muslin dress, which Molly had helped her to finish the day before. ? We've been taking a long walk,' whis pered the happy little wife and mother. * He haB not had a bad turn for a whole week — and God bless youl' ahe cried softly from a full heart. CHAPTER XVII. IN THE EECTOE'S PEW. Ia fine artristocratic case. The chapel was brilliantly lighted, the congregation large. Molly and her friend were given seats in the side that formed one wing of the chapel, and Ensign Harry shrank into tho corner of the pew, as far from the glare of lights as possible. The chancel was decoratod with flowers. On the edge of tho velvet-lined lectern Btood a vase of calla lilies, every one a perfect blossom, white, massive, and fragrant. A young man clad in olerical robes came forward. Molly felt her dress grasped hard, and knew that this was the Rev. Mr. Flagler. She had no opportunity then to form any conclusions as to his appearance, for sho felt the weight of Ensign Harry, and feared that she had fainted. She turned. The English girl, indeed, made no Bign, but Molly drew a little closer, obtained possession of her hand, and thus they sat, the ono nerveless and constrained, the other striving to impart her own strength to her friend. In the rector's pew sat two women, ono the rector's wife, the other not so young, dressed in a tan 'Colour silk and wool travelling dress, her bonnet nodding with tiny plumes, her Bmall hands exquisitely gloved, in one of them a prayer book bound in old ivory. In her face there was lack of spiritual beauty, but the correct classical outlines, the heavy-lidded blue eyes, and the faultless complexion be trayed a Saxon origin, and the *air aristocratic' breathed from all her move ments. Molly's heart sank. She had sometimes resorted to tho cliapol on Sunday evenings with Russell Stacy, and sho knew which was the rectory pew. She said to her self, — ' That woman iB rich, refined, well-born, and worldly, and sho is tho wife of Mr. Flagler.' And tho expeoted lecture commenced. The hand enclosed in Molly's grasp grew cold as ice and then trembled violently. Smooth, eloquent, and versatile, the ad dress moved on. The lecturer looked about him a good deal, a bold self assertion in hi 3 glances— or so Molly thought. 'He is effeminate/ she mused. 'That face, with the over-large eyes, tho small mouth, the florid complexion, and the Bmooth expressionless forehead, is not tho face of a man willing, if need be, to fight for the truth. Prosperity ia his God j poverty would make him pusillanimous and a slave to the great. I don't like him.' But now something unexpected hap ? pened. Tho man with his swooping glances at last took in tho pale, beautiful, . serious face of Ensign Harry, framed in the dainty stylish hat. For ono second he turned wnite, swayed, and clutched at the lectern. Everbody saw his agitation, everybody wondered. : Then he took a glass of water, wet hia parched lips, braced himself anew, and went on witn his well-ordered address, but not once afterwards did hiB eyes wan der from the written page. ?After all, ho must have loved her,' Molly said to herself, with a sad, forebod ing heart. Amid the low, decorous, murmuring swell -of voices that goeB along tho aisle with the poople as they leave the temple, one could hear the comments of the con gregation. 'Very nice,' said a lady near Molly, who would have screamed at the thought of touohing elbows with a Salvationist. ?Quite eloquent. Did you see the lady in the rector's pew ? That iB his bride : this is their wedding trip. She is vory rich,— indeed, enormously wealthy,' bo I hear, — and a lady by title. Yea, he made a very flno match; olergymen ore sometimes quite fortunate, don't you know?- Oh, yos, a little older than ho, I should think But that bonnet— wasn't it a dream t 1 Well, she can afford it : sho haa millions.' 1 Ensign-Harry clutched Molly's arm juBt then. As they 'wont out of church it was quite late and very dark. i ' BP©ak to me ; don't, please, say a word/ the English girl murmured al most convulsively. 1 It is all over, and I —am punished.' And then, in less than a minute afterwards, in a voico full of anguish. 1 Why, don't you talk P Oh, Molly, Molly, say something to comfort mo, or I shall go mad.' 'Let all fail if hoaven fail not/ Molly made answer, in a soft, sweet voico. 'Oh, thank you, thank you/ tho girl spoke rapidly. 1 All has failed ! How do I know but heaven will ? Oh, Molly, ho saw me !? she gasped, 'Yes, no saw you, that was ovidont to me, and puzzling to tho congregation, no doubt,' Molly answered, asking horsolf in silence what his wifo would bo likoly to say to him about it. ' A. mist camo ovor my oyes. Didn't ho stop ?' Harry nuked. 'He not only stopped, bub almost lost his wits. Somobody onid coining out that it waa Bpasms of tho heart : pooplo always act that way from that cause/ ? The voyage of memory I' Ensign Harry murmured. 'Oh, no, ho can't havo for gotten. And his face — what did you think of it? Ah mo, why do I a 3k ?' 'It was not tho faco of a high-toned man — I mean in tho beat conso of tho word. He likes good dinnoro and fiattory in moderate dose3. He couldn't preach for his life if ho didn't writo his cormono/ ' Oh, Molly ! is that your ostimato of tho man I love ?' Sho had not yot norved : herself to speak of his wife. ; 'Of the man you did lovo,' oaid Molly. 'It iB a sin to lovo him now- that ho in married.' Ensign Harry was silont aftor that. ' ' Let mo go into your room, dear,' oho said, as they wont upstairs togothor. Sho took off the pretty triflo of eill: nnd feathers. As she held out her hand, a far-away look in her face, a stirring blast camo from a cornet, with the die): of castanot3 and the roll of tho drum, as tho raon and women joined in singing ? Rescue tho perishing.' The Salvation section marched sturdily along in tho street below, on their way from some gathering. Tears stood in Ensign Harry's eye3. ' Blessed little company 1' elio said, hor voice trembling, 'humble, faithful, happy! Here, Molly j thanks for your kindness, dear,' as sho handed her tho bonnet. * I'll never again take off tho badgo of my — liberty — wherewith Chrisi hath made mo free.* vixar j jjxb -A. v 11 1- COU8IN LUCI'S I1EIGN. The road to homo happiness lies ovor email 8topping-stonc3. 'My d«ar Molly, * I saw you last night in St. Luko'o Chapel, clothed and seemingly in your right mind. What does it mean ? Why were you at tho lecture delivered by tho celebrated English clergyman ? Are you coming back to tho faith ? T -ist night you were at home. It cannot bo that yon prefer the slums ! Tour cousin wishes you to return. She is lonely (I don't ro member that you ever considered it lonely here). I had a letter from RusboII Stacy. He was in Paris, — said nothing definite as to his return. ' Let me hear that you havo come to your senses. Isn't there a commandmont in some old book, 'Honour thy father and thy mother' ? To be sure it doesn't cay obey, but I am old-fashionod enough to think that to a father obedience is due. However, I don't force you. If you won't leave, stay till you tire of thom or they tire *f you. ' Tour Father.' Mollr had often wriff.nn fn but the banker had never answered hor letters. This was tho first written word she had received from him. The sight of Molly dressed as ho had been wont to see her, so touched his exacting heart that this short noto was tho result. Lucy, his neice, had been for a timo very happy in tho midst of all her finery. When first invited to becomo a habitant of her uncle's home, her delight knew no bounds. The large, cool houso, a parlour and boudoir securcd to hersolf. seemed literally like paradise to hor. To havo her own maid, plenty of spending money, and a fine wardrobe, was as near being in a state of beatitude as sho could imagine. Molly's maid stayed on becauso Bho was confident that Miss Stanley would come back some time. She could not enduro that any one should take tho placo of her well-beloved young lady. ' She never gave herself no airs, sho didn't/ muttered the girl. * Anyono could see which was tho lady.' Molly had declined moro than half tho invitations she' recoived to social gather ings. Lucy accepted ovory one with eagerness, Consequently sho waa como what faded that first winter, end her uncle often waited for hor till tho toast was cold. ? My dear, Molly never kopt mo waiting/ ho said now and then, and his vory soul M.5U.1A10U VUV ouiuu no UU.U yiveu that his daughtor was not yot to como to the house. ' The little fool I the little blank fool !' he would mutter, between his teeth, only his profanity was very much moro pro nounced. ' But Bho is true grit ;' and ho ended with a fit of admiration for lier courage. He seldom went into society, co ho heard but fow of the remarks of tho busybodies who pitied him and condemned Molly in tho same breath. Home was not tho samo to him now. He was a proud man, and in hia way vory fond of Molly. Hor stately beauty, — at least she seemed stately to him, though ' she was by no moans tall, — hor sweet good-morning kiss, — Lucy soldom kissed him, and he did not caro for hor to do so, — her real lovo for him, for himself alono, —Lucy's faco beamed only whon ho gavo he^hor allowance, — her wholo gracious loveliness, in all home ministrations, were constantly in his memory. Lucy helped him on with his coat some times; ohe kept his dressing-gown and slippers in the right placo; Bho tried to remember what made for his comfort; but was not always successful. Molly never forgot things. Her habits were fixed. . CHAPTER XIX, THE raOFK8BOfi'8 VBEDICT. The meaning of harmony goes deep. The windows. of Professor Andromos's musical conservatory were open to tho soft breezes of the ocean. Tho professor lived in an unfashionable quarter of tho city, but in spite of that ho was the musical lion of the day. Everybody knew that he chose tho place because of its beauty and hoalthfulness, to say nothing of the size of tho monBtor rooms. The professor gave instruction only in piano and violin. The latter instrument, in his hands, told wild stories of love and romance, and ho was daily petitioned by courtly dames to give lesRons to their sous . and daughters at fabulous rates. Opposito the house was an old-fashioned square, daintily laid out with flowering Bhrubs, trees, and Southern plants. Iron ioatB wrought into artistic patterns Btood it various distances. On ono of thoso resting-places sat Nanny Glartia. Tho quiver of.lato blossoms, sent lancing by tho soft air, stirred hor soul to melody. Her doop. lustrous, spiritual eyos moved dolightod from ono floral beauty to anothor. Nan was neatly dressed, yet boro tho impress of povorty in somo curiously un defined way. Porhaps it was tho Btamp that penury, suffering, and self-donial had loft upon hor faco, and that clung to hor porcon. Hor hair, abundant, glossy, and caro fully dressod, flowed in loose, short curia from nndor a prim littlo hat. Lying across her lap, tho greon baizo bag in which olio carricd hor treasure, hold in placo by a shapoly hand, appealed pathotic ally to tho pascor-by, proclaiming hor vocation nD that of a strcot musician. Onco or twico tho child looked opposito, up to tho window banked and hanging with onquisito wreaths of colour, and contrasting delicately with tho pearly Cray tonos of tho groat houso, built ovor a contury ago. Prcsontly tho door of tho groat mansion oponed, and a young fjirl camo out, lirrhtlv nattinrr tho head of tho stono lion that guarded tho otop3. ' Sho has a splondid dross on, liko all tho rest/ murmured Nan, with a littlo iin pationt nigh. ' And como of thom como in carriages/ oho wont on, as a handtfomo equipago with glints of yollow light on tho panols drovo up, and tho footman oponed tho door for his dainty inisirena. ' Ah, nobody scorns to bo coming out any moro : now it io your turn, littlo beggar/ Sho drew from tho pockot of hor dress Molly's lotter in a equaro whito envelope. Meantime tho professor was through with hia work for tho day. Ho loft tho piano, whoro ho had been busy ovolving a bright nweot proludo, and stood looking into tho nquaro, his faco framed in tho vinc3 and gorgeously coloured blooina that ho cultivated in window pots. A knock sounded at the door. ' Como in/ ho said, then in a moro im patient voico, ' Como iu. Don't you hear? Tho door oponed. Tho groat professor Btarcd and wondored. Novor had a croaturo so hopolossly ploboian crossed the threshold boforo. Generally hia usher, a gorgeous creature in gold and blue, heralded tho visitor with a card on a silvor salvor. How camo this ono un heralded ? ? Tho lowor door was open, air. I didn't ring, but camo upstairs/ said the child in a frightened voico. ? Ah 1 I'll givo Pierre the devil for this/ growled tho professor. Thon, seeing tho child's frightonod eyes, eyes liko those of como startled, beautiful animal, ho changed his tono : 'Well, woll, child, quick, what do you want? I haven't a dime — no, nor a penny; but. good Lord, there's a quarter — take it and go. I can't waste my timo, youngster/ ' Oh, cir, I didn't como begging. Did you think I had, to you ? I don't want tho quarter, sir. I earn quartors, myself, sometimes. But yon see my father waa a musician, and I'd liko to forgot. Hero's a letter for you, sir.' Tho child had hardly recovered from hor frinrlit, but sho was a bravo littlo thing, and swallowed tho lump that kopt rising in hor throat. ThiB man looked so grand, go utterly out of reach, in his black silk velvet dressing gown faced with red satin, and tho plush Binoking-cap nndor which hiB groy hair curled like a boy's. His oyes woro very black and piercing, too, and scorned to look hor through and through. Tos, sho was bravo to keep hor courage up and the tears down. Hia pupils woro gonorally more afraid of him than sho. Taking the letter, the professor went to wards tho window, whore Nan's startled, anxious glances took in all the glory of tho Southern ? verdure. Ho put on his gold- rimmed glasses, and red as follows : ' Dear Professor Andromos, — 'You will remomberthat I have been your pupil ever since I was six years old. That was for twelve years. Now I have a favor to ask you, a very great favor. I don't know that you will caro to grant it, but, ah ! if you only will ! 'Littlo Nan Qartia, who will hand you this lotter, is a protegee of mine. I think, though a poor little orphan of Italian parentage, Bhe iB a diamond in tho rough. If not, thon suToly I am no judgo of preciouB things in human nature. Sho has also a violin that must be of great value, for it has beon in her family, aB far as I can learn, nearly two hundred years. CTrtM r»^nof- rrf£»of_(»rT-n^fnf.1l«r T»1jlVf-d lllinn it, and it has tho appearance of extreme age, as woll as tho silvery, rosonant tonos of a mastorpieeo. Please, dear professor, don't frighten tho little creature with your patrician manner, and sent word to me tho vory loaBt for which you will give hor ono lesson a week, that is, if in your estimation oho is worth tho effort. I have found herquiok, teachable, and far beyond hor age in musical matters. She is, I think, giftod with remarkable gonius. ' Your friend and pupil, ' Molly Stanley.' ? Ah !' and a strong faco took on a gleam of good naturo as ho pulled his long droop ing moustache. ' I can't refuse what my child asks mo, can I ?' Ho loakod up reflectively. His 'child' Molly had always boon from tho timo ho first looked ovor her goldon head at tho grand piano and laughed boeauso tho littlo ono could not rcaeh tho pedals. Ho cast a furtive glance at tho 'girl standing there. ' Good oyes,' ho said to himself undor his breath. Presently ho saw a solitary tear roll over tho pale brown cheek. Tho sight touched him. ? So you havo an old violin, 0I1 ?' he said, briskly. ' 'Want to sell ?' ' Oh, no, sir. It belonged to my fathor,' oho said, simply, ' and my father is dead.' I Alt r,« . in Tin P TMrl ho t)ln,V ?' ? Ho played in orchoBtra. Onco ho was a loader, but aftor his long sickness ho lo3t hia placo. At last ho had to play in tho street to support mother and mo. Mother is dead too/ sho wont on, in a low ? voice. (To bo continued.) Italy's ineome from foroign visitors is estimated at .£8,000,000 a year. There ere fewer suicides proportionately in Ireland than any European oountry. A large hailstone craokod in twain no it struck the road in Kentucky, during a hailstorm, and ont stepped a lizard two inches long. Asia Minor was the chiof optnm market until tho twelfth contury. Tho Chinese obtained tho drug in tho thirteenth contury. Residents of England havo JSllO.OOO, 000 invested in mortgages in foreign countries. Thoso investmonta annually drain tho foroign countrios of about iQ5,500,000 'in hard cash. Waves travel faster than tho wind whioh causes thom, and in tho Bay of Bis cay in calm weather a heavy Bea fre quently rolls in on the coast twenty-four hours boforo tho gale which causes it arrives. 