TRAINING THE CHORUS!. FAUST WITH THE GILT OFF. (Melbourne "Herald.") "Just think that over for a few moments. I don't limit to say anything. ยก You'll probably know- yourselves what's the matter." And Mr. Slapoffski with a mildly aggressive air raid ii violently aggressive red tie, walked up and down the stage. Turning presently and demanding from the pianist the lending chords of the movement Mr. Slapoffski exclaimed, "Aiezzo-forte, forte, piano, all in one bar. Don't forget! Mezao, forte, piano, La, in, the. Latrobe! Keep your hands up and throw out your chests. So He in. the, Latrobe!" Then there came a fine burst of melody and the conductor was appeared. " That's good. That will do," was his comment, and the budding Princess chor- us were quite happy. Grouped round a piano on the bare stage of the Spring street theatre Mr. George Musgrove i conductor was last night giving them their first rehearsal together. The theatre was all but empty for several press- men were the only auditors. The sheeted seals and boxes, and the great gaping stage, the absence of fancy costumes and accessories-all combined, made it a semi presentation of Faust with the off. But all the same, the presentation, so far as it went, was an excellent one. Mr. SlnponMci has done his work of selection well. The old chorus vic have been accustomed to admire on the stage of the Princess is practically absent, and the faces are mostly new. But the old guard has been replaced by a capable young bri, gate, and judged by the results of the drilling so far, there will be nothing left to desire when Mephistopheles and Marguerite come to the footlights and we get Faust gilt edged and morocco bound. The chorus numbers about half a hundred voices, evenly balanced with ladies and gentlemen. They have come from all parts of the city and suburbs, and have won their positions by sheer merit, and after competition with many scores of amateur and professional singers. The craze for fame and fortune that has seized everyone with a ghost of a voice gave the conductor large field of choice, and it is small wonder that Mr. Slapoffski is well content with the chorus ho lins gathered together. In sections he has drilled them indefatigably, and his ability to teach, and their keen desire to learn, have uni today taken much of the hard grinding \- work off the task of getting a thorough grip of Faust and II Trovatore, the operas so far taken in hand. Here a bit and there a bit was picked from the opera, and usually the first run through satisfied the exacting conductor. But occasionally he would grow mildly sarcastic. There would come a break in the proceedings, he would walk up and down with his hands in his pockets and shake his hand. Then suddenly swing- ing round, he would call out, I know the gentleman who did that"-('that' was a false hotels don't want to say who he is, but don't let him do it again ! it hurts. I am sorry, ladies and gentlemen, that you will have to go through that again because of the gentleman's carelessness." The repetition found the careless man attentive and correct. The busses in one of the choruses wore a little flat. Mr. Slapoffski did not tear his hair. He contented himself by saying, ''Now, gentlemen, don't be lazy. I don't mean physically lazy, but mentally lazy. Keep your voices up, and your heads up, and your chests out. Don't let your heads fall forward and your voices go flat. Nos Ln-tuni-lum, but So !-La I Turn ! Turn 1" So they proceeded, here a few bars, there a swinging chorus. In the full choruses the methods of the conductor were seen at their best, and the reason for the quick and substantial progress of the newly recruited chorus was at once ap- pin out. Charging a forte opening with ' his head, he would pluck the bass with his left hand, wave the tenors into action with his right, and then with a sweeping swing of both arms, accompanied by an undulating movement of the body and a toss of the head, he would bring up his full strength soprano and all. No one set of voices could mistake the cue. None could help briskness. There was no chance to offend against tempo. Conductor and chorus were one. The announcement of a holiday for the ladies on the morrow, and one for the gentleman later on" ended the re- hearsal, 