Comic Cuttings. .There are probably as eoofl fl»h In the 4H sea as ever wereMied about. ^B 'Tour wife 1b 'always so out-spoken.' 1 ' Yes, outspoken, but never out- talked.' j Morning wraps were the invention ol I the man who wakes up hotel guests foi J the early train. ? 1 ' Tou told me you and Harry loved j at eight.' 'Tes, but we quarrelled on 1 acquaintance.' J At a .town's meeting In Ireland It was 1 recently votea, ' that all persons in the -bS town owning dogs shall be muzzled.' 1 ' Does position affect sleep'?' asked a '% medical writer. It does when the man ' '5 holds the position of night watchman. '. Do you know much about that horse you bought from the Deacon ?' ' I know more about the Deacon than I did.' Some one has written a poem on 'The Tongue of Liberty.' The tongue of liberty generally belongs to a married . woman. 'Tou say that horseftsn't afraid of any thing. Can my wife drive him?' 'I don't know, sir. I hava never seen your wife.' Visitor : ' But this portrait of Mr. Bulger is a good deal more than life size.' Artist : 'I know it. That la the size he thinks he Is.' ' Didn't I lend you £5 a month or so ago ?' ' Tes, I believe you did. I'm ever so -much obliged 'for your kindness. I feel I can never repay you.' Lady Friend (to young widow) : ' You're gardening, I see, I/ucy.' Young s Widow (with a weary smile): 'Tes. 1 wish I could, so to say, transplant my weeds !' Watts : ' There seems to be some truth in the saying that heaven helps those who help themselves.' Potts : ' Of course there Is. They are the only kind worth helping.' First Beggar: 'Hello! Plckin' up anything- on your rounds these days?' Second Heggar: 'Ain't nothin' doln' at all. I had to draw five pounds out of the bank 'to-day ter pull me t'rough.' Patient : 'That sign of yours Is not very encouraging.' Dentist : ' Whj; bo ? I guarantee to extract teeth with out pain.' Patient : ' Tes : tout I wanl the pain extracted. Td rather keep the tooth.' ' Whyfor eez it zat a woman's face eez used on zee silver dollar in zis country ?' Inquired a visiting foreigner. ' Be cause,' growled the Impecunious native, ' it is the idiom of our language that money talks.' Aunt (to Tommy, who has been to th« menagerie) : ' Well, Tommy, did you see the tiger ?' Tommy (whimpering) . ' Yes, b-*-bu ? ' Aunt : ' But what— what are you crying about ?' Tommy r ' They wouldn't let me stroke his ears.' Miss Northside (to her brother) : 'Dc you know, Fred, that no fewer than four a men want to marry me ?' Fred : 'All right, sis, may the best .man win !' -; Miss Northside : ' You don't know much : about such things. A bride does not marry the best man.' Canrobert was inspecting the new gaiters worn by the light Infantry. See ing cne that was badly fastened, he took the -wearer to task. 'Look here, I'll send you my nurse to button it on for you.' 'Quite unnecessary. General ; I : see her every day.' And Canrobert '. burst out laughing. ' Mabel, why don't your mamma wear diamond earrings like my mamma's?' ' She left 'em home, and papa's hid 'em where the robbers can't get 'em.' 'Where has he hid 'em?' ' Why, I heard him tell mamma that he had put them up the spout, and he guessed they would stay there.' - Winks: 'What, makes you look so glum?' Jinks: 'I have six daughters, none of them married, -or likely to be.' Winks: 'And you glum over It? You are the most ungrateful mortal that ever breathed. I have six daughters, all mar ried, all have children, and I've got to support the -whole crowd.' A.: ' Did it ever recur to you what a charming conversationalist P ? is ?' B.: 'Well, I don't know; not parti cularly. Why ?' A. : ' Oh, he is. decidedly. He hasn't the ghost of .1 memory, you know, and you can tell your stories to him over and over again, | and he enjoys them every time as much I as at the first telling.' ' A youngster one day eluded punish ment by creeping under a table, where ] his mother could not reach him. Short ly after, his father came in, and, when | told of the state of affairs, crawled on his hands and knees in search of his son and heir, when, to his astonishment, |g he was greeted with this Inquiry:— ;|| 'Hullo, father! Is she after you, too?' If An American gentleman was talking 1 of a little game of poker, down in Texas H somewhere, in \\. iiich he had taken part. s ' The man on my right,' he said, ' held 1 four kings knd an ace. The man on j my left held four aces ahd a king.' . ?''? 'And what did you hold?' some one ?? asked. ' Well, I was acting coroner '*: at the -time. I guess I held the inquest.' 