WHY CHILDREN ARE AFRAID. 'Professor Maedonald, of 'She Washington Bureau of Education, lias been making a eeries of extremely interesting investiga tions as to the causes which, arouse fear in children. His study of fear in the yo-ut'h ful subjects was made by distributing hun-' dreds of lists containing all manner of causes such, as might excite that emotion. Parents, teac'hers, and- other persons- even t'he little ones themselves-marked off such, items as the latter really feared. , WHAT FRIGHTENS CHILDREN. . . . After reducing all of the replies to a table, it was found fhe highest number feared thunderstorms, the .next highest rep tiles. Then follow, an order, according to the number fearing them, strangers, dark ness, fire,, death, domestic-animals, disease, mid animals, .water, insects,' ^liosts, &c.; A comparison of an- equal- number of boys and gi-pls showed that the girls feared 1,765 things oh the list, and- the boys 1,105 things. The'girls exceeded the boys in the fear of everything except water, high places, and strangers. . The ratio of girls to .'boys in' the fear of -rats and mice was 75 to 13, as might be expected. ? ; It "was also ascertained -that fear m. the boys increases from the seventh to the fif teenth year, and then declines, while in girls: it increases-more steadily from the fourth to the eighteenth year before dimi nishing. The fear of' thunder .and light-: niiigV reptiles, robbers, and machinery -were .foted -to increase with age.. , .... ; . ' , GHOSTS. . . . Aiother inovel enquiry enlarged upon Sre fear.-of ghosts "by ohildiren. /By questioii ,ing-the little, ones "and 'tabulating their an swers, it was discovered .that the most fre quent source of it-heir knowledge of ghosts .'?was: in stories told, by otter children.? Stories read . by itiliem ranked .se cond in frequency. Of all 'the otlher sources iservawfca had - been the most active. Some had'derived their first knowledge from pictures, a smaller number from games or from iflieir own imaginations. The smallest number, less .fen 1 per cent., bad first heard of ghosts froni thei-r .parents. It was discovered ? that fear 'almost universally acpompanied belief in such.' spectres^ Almost a third of all itthe children examined had -tihe_ con ception that ghosts ware white, a® eighth. L.t)hat ithey were like the 'human, figmre, & JriiMtSb that ^tfhey --w'ere ?sliad'owy, an eleventh ?ifliat they were 'like dead' psretons, a four teenth that tihey had long onms or hand-s, arid less than- a ni-neteentlh. -tlhaft they were like skeletons'. . Adid5ti©nia;l ifottoins as to appearance in. order of fre quency were ifchat . "spooks" have sepulchral voices, are without substance, luminous, .black, like animals, like fairies or spirits, and that they ?have'lurid, hollow eyes: The most popular conception as to the power of ghosts was that they cba'^e and catch dhildren. ? Other notions in the order, of t'he number of believer's were that; they glide swiftly, appear and disappear, do all sorts of mysterious things, foretell death and injure people. Of those ques tioned' as 'to the time: 'when ghosts appear, a majority believed it to be'an the dark, when one is alone. Stating t'he places where ghosts may be expected, t'he highest number of opinions was in favor of grave 1 A~'TALL CHILDREN BORN in SUMMER. A careful study of -t'he circumstances of birt'h and ehild'hood. of what were con sidered to be She fifty greatest men of mo derir times disclosed''tb.-e :fcicfc -that iths ?a.-ver age great man was born in a family of six children, not including :halfJbrothers or half-sisters. It was-.-figured from the data that the ehances .for greatness in a cbdld are two to one in favor of the older -half of the family. That chil dren- tall for their ages'are generally born in summer is another novel deduction. As far as "boys alone are concerned, those who first see light during autumn and win ter are not so 'tall as those born in spring and summer. Those 'born in, November are the shortest, in. July the tallest. Ave rages for girls snow tthat those born in . winter and spring have less length ; of body than those' born in summer and autumn. The tallest girls are bora in August. DOLL HABITS. Another unique plan, of research was for the purpose of studying' the characters or children through their doll-habits, it be ing considered that the educational value of dolls is very great. A list of 29 ques tions was prepared and submitted to near ly a thousand children, boys and girls. The various kinds of dolls played with ranked, as follows in order of. popularity:-.'Was, paper/ 'china, rag, bisque, Tubber. Of many confessing that they had1 treated other things as dolls, tie: greaitest number had so substituted' cats, clothes-pins:, pil lows, bottles, sticks, and dogs. Nearly four-fifths bad tried to feed- dolls; nearly two-thirds had thought them hungry, nearly seven-tenths had credited them with mental powers; almost the ?same number had really thought them sick at Limes. It was discovered that of ave rage city school children below six years, 82 per cent, of boys and' 98 per cent, of girls have played with dolls; between six and twelve years, 76 per'cent, of boys and 9!)'per cent, of girls. ' HOW A BABY'S MIND GROWS. In an experiment whose purpose was to trace the stages of development of a babv s mind, 'he was placed before a mirror daily. During the earlier stage of the test he simply looked at his reflection as birds do. He next snowed fear of it, as do many of the 'higher animals. He then grasped at it with his hands, as cats strike at re flections'with their paws.- Later he looked behind the glass to find the object, as cata and monkeys have been known to do. But on: the 420th day of his life 'he delibe rately turned the glass at-different angles to obtain required reflections, an intelli gence not possessed by any;animal other than man. - . 