RELIGION & TEMPERANCE. The latest curiosity in ecctipm ia reported fiom Georgia. In a leUe: to the Kev. , Lyman Johnston, editor of the ' Toledo BLumblingatone,' a correspondent wriies: 'The woret and *i!deBt fanaticism I ever j Baw in my life is raging in this region. It is the Fire Baptised ^Bscciation. Thty are I holy rollers and dancera. They boasc of live distinct woraB oi grace : — A| cudt:i sion ; 2, sanctification ; 3, baptiem with the Holy Ghost ; 4, baptiBm of fire ; 5, the heavenly dynamite Free MethodiBta are nowhere compared to this. H. J. Irwin, af Lincoln, Neb., is the progenitor cf this latest travesty on true religion.'' A Bournemouth boarding-house keeper was summoned by the excise commissioners for setling beer, whisky, and wine without a license. A defence waB set up that the ; intoxicants were ordered at a wine mer- j chant's for the visitor (an excise officer), bnt the magistrates convictcd and impoBed a fine of £5 and £6 17s coBts. There seems to be a demand for ministers in excess of the supply all «ver the world. At the last British Weslevan Conference it was reported that 45 names were needed to complete the stations. The men who had to be sent into circuits last yt ar without col lege traimngare now to enter the institution. The eiationicg committee iB allowed to take whatever men it needs from this year'6 candidates to fill up the atations. The im mense amount of care shDwn in the choice of ministers ia evident from a glacce at the liata, and the diEcossion on ''teeth'3 showed that health is carefully kept in view. Tbe i Bishop of Liverpool in a recent sermon de plored the falling off in the number of can didates for the miniBtry. ' The Church cf England wae entferieg from the aame thing, and their candidates for ordination were 200 fewer than they were ten years ago. A eimilar condition of things prevailed with regard to the Roman Catholics. One cause of this waB the small incomes of the clergy.' At the Paris Exhibition, Russia has a sec tion devoted to tempeiance reform — the pavilion of the State Monopoly of Alcohol, Since 1895 the State haa taken in hand the monopoly of the drink traffic, and the Czar himself iB an enthusiast in the war against dmnkenness. ?' Temperance committees' have been appointed in a great many locali ties, whose function is to supervise the sale of drink and to promote the establishment of tea and concert ronms. Each committee receives from the State a yearly grant of at least £5000. This year's budget provides £300,000 for this purpose. Thousands of con-a!coholic lestanranta have been founded by these committees throughout the Empire. At the Paris Exhibition is a model of a log built little restaurant, neat, clean, comforta ble, and tempting. Count Tolstoi is credited with having largely influenced the crusade against strong drink. Manchester iB inviting a national conference of temperance reformers to meet there on October 2, and discuss Lord Peel's report. In addition to Lord Peel himself, who has consented to be present, the Bishops of Carliale, Hereford, and Wakefield, Dean Kitchin (of Durham), Eir W. H. Houlda worth, M.P., Mr Leonard Courtney, M.P., and Bir Charles Cameron, M.P., are among the proposed speakers. Rev. C. fe. fiheldoUj addreBiicg a large meeting of Christian workers in the Central Hal^ Manchester, said that 14 years ago be spent & month in the alumB of London, and saw lights he could not speak about ; bnt when he visited the district again the other week things seemed worse. He eaw more women drinking and drunk, more children ? in arms carried into the public-house and* given drink, and more children going to the ! public-house to fetch drink thaft ever before. i The question, ' What hai bEcome of hell 7' is being seriously discussed in ene of ' the American reviews. An able paper, the I 41 Interior,' thinks the question would have J b:en better put in this way : *' What has become of the diabolical characters recently ! deceased if hell has been, as it ii asserted, ^ ?abolished^ It maybe true that 1 the Devil himself is not ao -black as he is painted,' but | it is equally true that he is Eot painted bo : black as certain men we are compelled to ; know in the course of our earthly labors 1 .are seen to be. Nowhere in Gospel or epistle is there such crime laid to 8atan : himself as the daily paper , publishes every I morning. Nothing is told ub In the Bible of the Devil so fiendish aa the crimes which our courtB are called npon to puniah. A man waB recently executed who had com mitted more cruelties against women and little children in one year that all the like I wroDgs told of the Devil in the whole Bible, j If hell haa been closed, we wonld like to ask where that man went, 60 that we can go Bomewhere elae.' It will be learned with regret that the eminent Baptist minister tbe Rev. Dr. M'Laren, of Manchester, who visited Tie torin some years ago, was seriously indis posed at latest English mail advices (August 10), On the Wednesday prior to the de parture of the mail he was unable to fulfil a preachirg engagement, and he was en joined to take a lengthened rest from his ministerial duties Dr. M'Laren has at tained hia*70th year. An offer of £10,000 for commencing mis sionary work among the Aweisba tribes to the ioath-weat of Lake Tanganyika wade to the London Missionary Society by Mr Robert Arthington haa been unanimously accepted by the directors, who propose to spread the expenditure over a period of 12 year*. The tramways committee of the Leede Corporation propose that tbe traffic manager ehall warn inspectors, conductors and drivers that drinking when on duty, either inelde or outside a public-house, ia forbidden. A first offence will render a man liable to suspension, and a second to diamiaaaU Lady Henry Somerset, on her birthday, was presented with the sum ef £1010. by the National British Women's Temperance I Aaaociation and frienda. The gift com jnemorates the tenth vear of Ladv Eenrv'a presidency of the aasoeiation, and the money goea to clear off the debt on the Duxhurit Farm HomeB. Tbe temperance perty has made its in fluence felt in the Bouth Derbyshire Par liamentary division. The Conservative member is Mr John Gretton, a leading partner in Bass's brewing firm, and the official Liberal candidate was Mr G. O. Haig, a wealthy distiller. The Derby Tem perance Electoral Council consequently brought out Mr W. Bingham as an Inde dependent candidate. Mr Haig has since withdrawn on the ground of ill health. Mr Bingham has also offered to withdraw on condition that a satisfactory candidate is brought forward by the Liberals. Mr H. H. Raphael, banker, of London, was unani mously adopted as the Liberal candidate, and it is expected that Mr Bingham'^ can didature will not proceed fnrther. Mr T. Kifiin Freeman has decided to con test tbe S.E. Division of Cornwall, He hopes to secure the support of men of all shadeB of politics except the old fashioned unbending TorieB and tbo extreme Socialis tic Radicals. He ia a Free Churchman of liberal evangelical views and keenly inter ested in social and temperacca reform. Rev. O. M, Sheldon calculates that his State (Kansas) saves 55,000,000 dollars (£7,000,000) a year by prohibition. There are 700,000 drunkards in the United States, and the proportion of Kansai, according to population, ahocld be 16,000 ; bat there are leaa than 3000. Economists have reckoned that a working man who drops out of the ranks of labor throngh drunkenness is a lou to the State of £2000. Taking only one ; focrth of the 13,000 drankards Kansas saves, their economic value reckonB out at some £6,006,000. There are. however, weak points in Mr Sheldon's calculatiana— drunk- ards are not totally incapacitated for work, and the United States haa not 700,000 new drunkards every year. 