PERSONAL NOTES FROM LONDON. "The Register" Ofiice, 80, Fleet-street, LONDON, September 7. The Kev. John Alexander Dowie, foun der and general overseer of the Christian Catholic Church, which has its headquar ters at Cliiciigo, has been treating lio little stir in England by his advoeacv of a scheme for transporting to Zion City, on Lake Michigan, Wisconsin, U.S., a co lony of workmen skilled in the ma uuturr.ive of iace. It is admitted that the said city has 110 'tangible existence at present, but in the eyes of "The Divine lloa'.ers" this is quite an unimportant detail, It is his will that a great centre of the lace-making in dustry shall exist in the neighbourhood of Chicago, and, as in the case of the iStutaiiic Council Chamber in "PVoadiM! Losl," it is straightway to rise "like an exhalation." And, indeed, a.s is pointed out by Ihu Lou don halfpenny morning papers-the more dignified penny journals have not- deigned to take notice oi John Alexander u.ud Ins projects-he has some reason to plume him self upon his creative powers. In live years, it k said, although he offers healing with out money and without price, he has pas sed from penury to plenty, having amas sed an enormous fortune, which he profes sedly holds in trust for his Church. Of the nature of his methods something may be learned, from the following appeal issued in December last:-"To oliicers and members of the ?Christian. Catholic Church in all parts of the worid, and to all friends of Zion-Beloved brothers and sisters in J<rsue Christ pur. Lord, 1 call for a New Year's gift of one million dollars. You can answer that call each according to . his ability. Bring the whole tithe into the storehouse; bring yGur largest possible offering also into the storehouse. Cod has given 1111* the right to ask i'his from you in Jesu's 'name. Die Holy Ghost calls upon you not only for a ? large gift from your plenty, but for sacrifices from your sufficiency. I fear no criticism from apostate Chur clbes or] from envious, unreasonable people, who will persistently misrepresent my words, actions, and methods. -Therefore see to it ye do this thing lovingly,- genei"ously, and quickly." To do the rev. gentleman justice,'h'e makes no hypocritical attempt to mislead] those whom he addresses into ima gining that he does not personally handle the money sent him, for in the subscription form issued witih the appeal he clearly states ithat contributions are to be applied according to his decision. Moreo-.'o.-, he makes no secret of the fact that lie is acting as a Company-promoter; that he desires to collect a million or two mil lion dollars-it does not seem to be ve-y clear whiclj-to set Zion on its legs; ana that this sum is to be raised on the secu rity of scrip giving the holder an interest in the settlement and in the proceeds of the lacemaking. With much worldly wis dom he does not importune any one to sub scribe: on the contrary, he warns his faith ful followers-tbe men of Zion-that al though they stand first they must liur y up or be left out in the cold. Such tactics have stood him in good stead in the past, and are not unlikely to do so in the future. Unfortunately for him he has ne,t been ab'e to wield such a commanding influence ovir the silk workers of Nottingham as he ex pected. He and his Deacon and right-hand man, a Mr. Stevenson,, have prevailed upon a few Beeston men to emigrate by under taking to raise their wages from the £3 per week they are now receiving to £7, and ? in one instance to £10, but others to whom they have made advances are of a more sceptical turn of mind. They are anxious to have a better guarantee jthan bps jet been offered them, and that for the very simple reason that their attention has been Called to the United States laws, which make it a highly penal offence for any one, except in circumstances which are wanting in tnis ease, to enter into a contract for the employment of any alien prior to the ' arrival of that alien in America. Further developments of the mission of the Chris tiah Catholic apostle are being awaited with much interest. LONDON; September 44. The Yarrawonga is taking' oat to Austral lia for the new Govemor'Generai sixteen horses, two ponies, and a number of dogs, which have been placed under the care of Mr. Ernest Day, who took (Charge of Car bine on the voyage to England. The Blue Anchor liner also conveys to Melbourne His Lordship's head coachman and stud., groom, and about a dozen other coachmen and grooms. It is stated that Mr. Day has been entrusted by fche Duke of Portland with a. commission to purchase some of the best stock belonging to the late Mr. \V. E. Wil son's stud. It is rumoured that the Duke of Argyll is shortly to be appointed Lord Lieutenant of Ireland. Jt is stated that the Princess Louise-^although unwilling "to proceed to Australia to preside at Governtineut House in the capital of the Commonwealth, thus separating herself by 112,000 or 13,000 miles from her venerable Queen-mother-hbs no such objections to take up her abode at the viceregal lodge. Dublin. Captain Waliington, writing from Keev'd Manor. Trowbridge, Wilts, informs me that he will be in London on (September 17 and following days iu order to complete his ar rangements for leaving for Australia by the ] Britannia. _ ! A lew days ago the "Daily Chronicle" published in its news columns the follow ing appreciation of the Private Secretary of* your new Governor-General: - "Lord Hopetoun will probably consider himself j fortunate to have secured the services of I Captain Waliington as Private Secretary. The popular and diplomatic 'Wallie' has J served for about twenty years at the Anti podes on the staffs of various Governors. His tact and resource in handling delicat? j points of soeial etiquette tirst became noticeable in Fiji, where native chiefs mak° as much fuss about rights of position and precedence as the great local dames of Syd ney and Melbourne. Captain Waliington has now served in nearly alt the Australian capitals, and the Governor who has him at his side is certain of a successful term of office. Many curious and even weird stories are told of 'Wallie's' adventures in settling some serious social disturbanc i, and he has earned the goodwill of the sport - loving Australian multitude by his ability and keenness as a sportsman. None of the great colonial cricketers get such an ova tion when they go in to bat as does the renowned Captain Waliington, who has the reputation of being able to kiss a baby ten derly and judiciously at one moment, and the next punch a rowdy's head with neat ness and dispatch." In conunon with the other Australian Agents-General, Sir John Cockburn 1 I has written to Lord Ampthill con [ gratulating him on his appointment to the Governorship of Bombay. Mingled with the satisfaction^ felt by tnat gentleman at His Lordship's nomina tion to so important a viceregal office is a feeling of regret at his retirement from the position of Private Secretary to Mr. Chamberlain-a position iu which his re-, latious with the colonial representatives have been as pleasant as they have neces sarily been intimate. * -Mr and Mrs. Ji. A. Moulden have ^>een staying with relatives at Bagshot: and, w.ith a cousin, Captain Fuller, late of tne 8th Hussars, have visited Aldershot. Frog more, and Ascot. Miss Daisy Mouluen has . gone to Sevenoaks for a short, stay. ? I The South Australian friends of Major Guise, formerly private Secretary to Sir Fowell Buxton, will be glad to learn thac he is in good health and spirits. Just now lie is stationed with his regiment in the lloyal Barracks, Dublin. Mr. and Sirs. Henry Scott will return to London in a few days, after an absence j from it of several weeks, during which they have been enjoying travel in vScotland and the North oJ England. Lately they have been staying at the tieaJth resort of Drost wicli, in Yorkshire. Mr. and Mrs. Abra ham Scott have already gob back to the metropolis, all the better for their prolong ed sojourn in the country. Sir i^angdon and Lady Bonython and their daughters are still in Cornwall. When last heard of they were in Penzance, whi ther they had proceeded 'after spending some pleasant days in Falmoutlh and "one or two other charming parts of one of the most attractive counties in England., Mr. and Mrs. Leonard Balteweil. with their son and daughter, to-day embarked ou the Ophir at Tilbury. A number of friends assembled at St. Pancras Station to hid them farewell. The last week or two of their stay in England has been spent in Ijondon, but prior to that they had been staying with relatives at Brighton and in j the neighbourhood of Leamington. On Sun day last Mr. Bakewell's oldest sister, Helen, wife of Mr. R. A. llankey, died at Ches liam-place, Brighton. The occurrence was not altogether unexpected, but none the less the news of it came as a shock to Mr. Bakewell and his family, who at the time J were engaged In preparations for their de parture. _ I Mr. and Mrs. George Brookman, with ! their daughter and two sons, set out for Paris on Monday, with a view of spending a fortnight in seeing the Exposition and the other sights of the French metropolis. 'Mr. Brookman informs me that this is the last excursion the family will make prior to their visit to Egypt on the, way back to Adelaide, where he will take up his perma nent abode, and where he purposes entering public life. He has already made a good i inany purchases, and has been busily en gaged in obtaining various appliances for the use of the Children's Hospital in i Brougham-place. Jf suitable arrangements can Be made, Miss Brookman will remain in Paris until the end of the year, to com plete her studies in the French language. The Rev. B>G. Nicholls has booked his passage for Australia by the Ophir, and left on Monday for the Continent, intending to join the boat at Marseilles. During his period of leave, -which some time ago was extended for a fortnight, he has visited many parts of the United Kingdom, and will resume his duties at Clayton Church completely renovated in health. He would j gladly have spent more time with his re I lations in England had this been practic ablfj and yet he confesses to an eager de sire to be "home" again. | Mr. W. A. Magarey left a day or two ago for Germany via Ostend; in order to be present at the autumn military manoeuvres ! After a tour through the Continent by a new route Mr. Magarey will make a voyage? down the Mediterranean to Greece and [ Constantinople. From the Bosphorua he will cross to Egypt, proceeding as far as Cairo, whence he will make his" way to la in ailia in time to pick up the steamer Aus tralia. Dr. and Mrs. H. Higham Wigg and their children' have just returned to town after spending seven or eight weeks in Scotland. During most of this time they were at the delightful health resort of Kingussia, ,on the highland railway, where they found the days pass only too quickly. Three weeks were devoted to Edinburgh, and here' also the party greatly enjoyed itself. Dr. Wigg intends how to apply himself assiduously to study in London hospitals. He is look ' infr out'for a furnished house in one of tne suburbs 