Thé Kiss of Battle. | A TALE OF THE BOER WAR. (By EDWARD A. VroLER.) " liang doon to the barn, 7e blastie, and wait till I come till ye,' old Colin shouted in broadest accents to his son, who flew like a bare to the sinister tryst, for he knew that nothing but instant obedience could serve him now with his father in such a rage. .Well, Campbell,' came a soft voice from. the dairy as the old man went into the house to fetch the strap sacred to his paternal duties, 'what's the mat- ter now ?' .It's that Willie, the loon. Times and enough have I told him not to touch the revolver. He'll be doing himself an injury or someone else, which is worse. Shoot, shoot, all day long, if he can only get away with that pistol. I caught him this time and made him put it back.' Mrs. Campbell knew, by his return to more measured tones and a purer / accent, and her husband's quick anger was already spent', and that the boy was Bafe this time from chastisement, so she said nothing. Instead of taking down the strap from its accustomed nail in the tool house, old Colin turned back into the yard and went down to the barn on a more peaceable errand. There he found the boy busily em- ployed. There was no door to the oarn, so Willie, bent on protecting himself from his father's attentions, was laboriously piling bags of chaff . in the doorway with the object of standing a siege. Three heavy bags had already been dragged and rolled into position, and a fourth was being hauled off the pile when the old man's , head appeared over the uncompleted barricade. . What's this, what's this, now ?' said the familiar voice, but Willie was quick to detect the less arbitrary tone, and he looked np from behind the pile where he had hurriedly secreted him- self. The peaceful character of the voice was fully supported by the quietness of the glance turned upon him from the doorway, and he came down meekly from his ambush. 'I was throwing up entrenchments, dad. Have yer gob the strap ?' Willie was not to be decoyed out of his safe position by any strategy of the foe, even though appearances were sc reassuring. .No, I haven't, though ye deserve il well,' was the satisfactory reply, and the boy made a further approach, though still with caution. ,'I don't dad; I don't, really," said Willie. 4 I've got to practise shooting, I'm going to the war.' .Thewar? The war? Ye're going ye say. Come here,' ye wastrel, 01 must I fetch yer?' cried his father with some return of anger. * Whal are ye Baying, now ?' .I'm going to the war,' repeated th« boy, with a ring of triumph in hit tone. * That's it. I was going to tel ? you, but you chased me.' k ' Qosss&^sre. Come to yer mither, TV^KfiiColin, aa the boy vaulted easilj over the barricade. . I'm thinkinf she'll have somewhat to say to ye 01 that.' . I'm going, dad, I am. Mother can' stop me and you won't try. Fm in th army and I've volunteered,' said Willie as he followed the old man back ti the, bouse. ' I can't go back on m; word.'* . . Yon've volunteered ? That's gam of ye, any way, but there's others ti say a wcrd to your going.' . They want buglers, and I've beei picked. I blew the calls better thai Joe Summers, and I was picked-Dav Higgins and me. You'd go, too, onl; you're too old, You can't say yoi wouldn't.' Willie ventured the las assertion with confidence, by way 0 final argument. 'May be, may be. Back with ny old corps, the grand old Gordons Aweel, aweel. lad, ye're no' leein'. I'« go, sure eno',' and the veteran straight ened his back and threw up his head and stepped out as if once mor . marching with his old regiment. Bu his feet were heavy and his walk wa slow and tottering, as the youthfu critic behind him saw at a glance. Ye his eyes shone with something of th old fire, as he gazed straight befor him, seeing nothing of the house ii which he bad been well content fo nearly 20 years to make his home in , "s^jjjew and distant land. What he sai none but himself could see, but it wa not a scene of peaceful toil-the fruit ful orchard, the fertile plain, th grassy paddocks. It was somethini more inspiring, though less sylvan It was an answer to the boy sud as. could admit of no hesitation, n thought of denial. ' Oh, Willie, Willie if I were but young again !' was all h could say-all be dared trust hitase! to say. The old man was quite right ii thinking bis wife might be less read; to part with her youngest born o such an errand that he might be. Sh put aside her work in the dairy, an aet out with a forcible but quiet direcl ness her sound reasons for not desirin to part with the one child who noi ^-Wemained with them in the old home anet it seemed aa if her argument weighed so heavily with her husban that even the old warrior was incline to harden his heart against his boy' ambitions, much as he secretly desire to encourage them. Consequently the boy gradually ri laxed his efforts at persuasion, espec ally when he found that his appeals t his father, even when made direct to th veteran's esprit de corps, were, for th time at least, unavailing. Whateve old Colin might have desired, he ha always given way in purely famil matters to his wife's desires, and so i came about that the brief and some what one-sided discussion ended i Willie's disappointment. So the boy turned away sorrowfully and, whistling to the dog, went off a a run to the creek, where he had secret haunt unknown to everyone bi ^ himself and the collie Roderick, an "there threw himself down on a slab ( bark ia the privacy of a tiny cavi rough hewn by him out of the cia bed, and abandoned himself to a fit < weeping which he would have scorne to indulge in within hearing of anyon ' but his.faithful confidant, Roderick. Thus the afternoon wore away, an tea time passed without Willie ri appearing, but his parents were use to his strong absences and felt no feat for his. safety in the well cultivate and by no means dangerous surrounc ings of their home. But when til evening grew apace and still Will: did not return, his father set out i search of hito, and by frequent . coi ees'soon drew the boy from his refug 'Here, lad,' said his father to bil kindly, as he noted his son's abasta and woe-be-gone expression ; ' con along home to your supper. ' Ye mu be starving.' ' I'm not hungry, dad ; but PH con home and go to bed,' and he ran c before his father, and had reachi "home and crawled into his roo through the window to avoid h mother's questions, long before o Colin's less active legs had brougl him back to the house. Then, finding that Willie had n joined his mother, the old man wei to the door of the boy's bed-room ai called to him to come and have son supper, but Willie was not to be drav out of the privacy of his grief th night, for what does a broken hea want with a porridge ? Though his mother said nothir when she found that the boy refusi to be comforted, it must not be su posed that she hardened her hea against him. On the contrary, th ¡ night was as sleepless to her as it was to him, and more full of doubts and perplexities than Willie's was of dis- appointment and grief ; but it had a result satisfactory to both ber husband and the boy if not to herself, for in the silent dark hours of the night she wrestled with her love in an unequal contest. When the morning dawned she was resolved. She dare not forget that her husband was an old soldier ; more than that, he was an old Gordon High- lander ; and more than that again, he was a survivor of that brigade who had let panic seize them when the hail of Boer bullets poured upon them from the summit of Majuba Hill in the ill fated campaign of 1881. Of that ter- rible episode be had never spoken, but that it was ever present in his memory she knew when in his restless sleep his voice was sometimes heard muttering scraps of recollections of the memor- able defeat, always tinged with.bitter- ness. Nor had that night been free from the whispered cry of 'Majuba! Majuba ! Avenge Majuba !' or the name of the dead general slain in the moment of his failure. What the new war meant to the veteran 6he could well understand, though he had spoken but little on the subject, and she knew that had it only rested with him their son would willingly, hay eagerly, have been sent forward in response to that call to arms which no man of the 'ninety-twas' dare disobey. So she was resolved to withdraw her opposition to their son's desire, the more readily as she believed it certain that his personal dangers would be of the slightest, and when they met at the breakfast table that morning there was more than one proud and hopeful heart among them, and at least one exultant in the pride of his dearest ambition. CHAPTER II. An indefinite but ever - continuous sound of moaning, the sighing of brave men in the grip of a living death, cast aside inactive and impo- tent amid the bugle calls of a desperate conflict, filled the long iron building. In a dark corner, round which a rough screen had been drawn, lay an inert bandaged form, which but yesterday had been the martial figure of a beloved officer, quivering with a courageous zeal, bearing like a flag in the front of the fight the heart and soul, the zeal for conquest, of one of the most renowned regiments known to modern history. That their com- mander was dead seemed more to those long rows of tossing heads on* stained fiillows, those writhing, shattered imbs under the disordered blankets, than the massacre of hundreds of their comrades. Their dead commander typified valor, a too reckless courage ; heaps of slain left behind them on the field told only the bitter tale of defeat. So it was to those who lay groaning intermittently on their . beds. And through the open door limped the lame efforts of a youthful bugler, who was endeavouring with a splendid energy and self-concentration worthy of a better success and a more inspiring occasion to finger out upon a battered flute the stirring notes of a song of the ever-victorious, but some- times defeated, soldiers of the Queen. Outside the hospital the rain poured drenchingly, and seemed to beat down the few spasmodic signs of activity which showed that the appearance of desolation and depopulation was more apparent than real. Now and then a solitary horseman dashed along the muddy road with head bent low against the driving rain, or a party of sailors ran beside a gun with its gleaming steal cloaked in a tar cloth and its sinister nose upraised to the 'sky as if in protest at the silence imposed upon it, whilst the horses dragged it rapidly to a position of activity where its nose would soon be smoke-wreathed, dealing out destruc- tion and dismay. The distant call of a bugle silenced the halting notes of the battered, fife at the hospital door, and set the persevering musician at attention, instinctively interpreting its message, though he knew it was not for him. His patient musical practice, its progress delayed by the damaged condition of the instrument, seemed at last to be approaching success, when a call from a bugle in a more adjacent camp caused the boy to start to his feet, flinging the flute, away at the call of duty. In a few moments Willie Campbell was in camp, and in his tent rapidly putting his uniform in order with his bugle at his side, before joining his regiment on the parade ground where they were assembling. Instructions shouted and passed on along the ranks, marching order quickly formed, a few moments' pause, and the company were soon moving out of the town with three brigades of artillery, two battalions of cavalry, the ammunition waggons and the full equipment of a force prepared for a long march. From man to man were passed on varions conflicting rumours as to their destination and the nature of the task imposed upon them, but it was1 soon obvious that a march of considerable distance and difficulty lay before them. For the first time Willie Campbell was marching with his corps on an actual mission of warfare, and his feelings would have baffled analysis, even if he had sought to discover what they were. But his mind was too busily occupied in speculation on the pressing question of their destin- ation, and the work they must do there, to pay much heed to the tumult going on in his he4rt, which seemed to be bursting with all the hopes and fears, all the desires for thrilling experience, and all the dread of the battle's agonies, which he had suffered in anticipation during those long days of wearing waiting in camp at the Modder River. Their march was directed first along a winding road that led through the/ hot, dusty veldt, uncultivated and barren, and almost treeless, but for an occasional clump of mimosa bushes, or a chance tree, affording but a penury of shade to any wanderer who, unlike them, might be seeking a fit spot for shelter from the scorching sun. Once there came upon his sight with the shock of a sudden joy, a straggling eucalyptus tree, leaning at a reckless angle beside the road, and seeming to stretch out gaunt arms towards him and his companions as fellow exiles from the land of the 'possum and the kangaroo. After an hour's steady marching a halt was called, and the column enjoyed a well-sheltered rest behind a Beries of timbered kopjes ; and there they waited for half an hour or so for the return of a party of scouts, who had been sent out in advance to report upon the position of the expected foe. When at last a party of those men came galloping along the road he saw by their faces, by their mouths half opened as if with important news bursting from their lips, by the white foam on their horses' flanks, that they had been perilously near to a danger- ous situation. What that peril may have been he did not hear at that time, but it chanced that he was to come later on directly into contact with the reason why four men of that scouting party were missing when their com- rades returned. A few minutes afterwards Willie's bugle was sounding the colonel's orders, and the column was preparing to continue the march, which now took upon itself a more definite meaning, with a distinct purpose ahead of it. As he blew the call, Willie felt that in the notes of his bugle, which were to be heard above the noise of hurried preparations for immediate departure, be was calling j to the regiments himself, in his own voice, the words of command ; that I he was the paramount personality of the moment ; that upon bim devolved the initiation of the preparations of this great machine of warfare which was presently, to be set in motion against a no longer distant enemy. But when he had blown the cali, and his bugle was once more at his side, he I knew himself to be but the mouth- piece of a master mind, and only the smallest unit of all that great body of soldiers, fully equipped for a desperate conflict, in which he was not to take a part, whilst be was practically defence- less but for his revolver and the less certain protection of his youth.. But he knew that even in his insignificance he was a necessary part of the machinery of battle, even more neces- sary than any one of the men about him, for he was the articulate speaking voice of the commander himself. Soon his individual feelings became less obvious ; they became merged in the innumerable emotions of the onward march of bis company, all like himself now for the first time approaching the grim temple of suffering and death, he fouud himself studying the faces of the men beside him, rather than analysing his own experiences. He was surprised to find that all were not influences in the same way by the certainty of their coming danger. There was nothing about this mass of faces, with their various expressions, that came any- where near to any previous experience of his, and he could only look at them with baffled curiosity as at a page of conundrums, to which the answers were not available. As time went on one thing only survived as a certainty among all the maze of conflicting thoughts, and that was their ever-nearing approach to the enemy's position, and their awful bloody task. Yet still even this certainty seemed as elusive as ever it had been in their long period of waiting at the river camp. Presently came the orders to open their ranks and spread across the veldt, and when they found them- selves rising above one of the many undulations of the great plains, a voice was heard from he knew not where crying in a tone as of great joy breaking a long period of doubt, as though at last realising the fulfil- ment or a supreme desire the soul stirring words, " Here they are I Here they are 1 " Willie promptly pulled himself up on the shafts of a waggon, and thence climbed to the hood, in his determin- ation to see what might be seen from the highest available elevation. He looked ahead of the column to the furthermost edge of the horizon, which was an uneven ridge of hills, but could see no signs of human life other than their own company. A farm house and one or two shelters dotted about what appeared to be a large farm or selection were the only habitations of humanity within /view, but a careful inspection of the distant hills at last revealed a bunch of white patches upon the side of one of them, which he made out to be tents, undoubtedly the laager of the enemy. Then it was that the colonel in command disposed his force for the expected encounter. The plan appeared to Willie, so far as he could see it put into operation, to be one of consum- mate skill, every available shelter and point of advantage being apparently made use of in the general scheme. What struck bim, perhaps, more than anything else in such movements of the British and colonial battalions as came within his view, was the absolute precisión and absence .of baste and excitement in their movements which gave the columns an air of perfection and invincibility. That such a com- bination of skill and strength should not be invincible seemed impossible. And so, buoyed up by the pride of race, he waited in a glow of expectancy the great experience of his life. CHAPTER III. "First shot I"'cried a private of the battalion to which Bugler Campbell was attached, as a puff of smoke, followed by a booming report, appeared from the summit of an adjacent hill. " And a bad one, too," continued the speaker, with a laugh. "But they'll soon find the range, and then it will be time to shift." It soon was time to shift, which the colonials did at the command of their officer, but not to retreat. They were soon advancing at the double towards a spruit, which seemed fordable, on the other side of which was the farm house, from one of the chimneys of which issued a feather of smoke, curling upwards continuously through the hot, clear air. Willie was running at a speed which reminded him of a race he had once had with the fleetest runner of his school, when he nearly beat bim. His feet scarcely touched the ground, which here was soft and grassy, but covered with burrs. The company ran for several yards until they reached the shelter of some ant hills on a ridge of the veldt, below which the spruit ran with a gurgling sound. There they waited for further orders, whilst the British artillery was replying from the bank of the spruit to the Boer fire. As he ran on, Willie felt within bim a bubbling spirit of enthusiasm which soon permeated bis whole being, and set him 'effervescing with a desire for immediate action. He felt within him a mad impulse of heroism, which scorned the conventions of discipline or of order. All the deeds of valor of which he had ever beard seemed to jostle themselves in his brain and confuse him with their diversity, at the same time that they tempted him by their recorded success and the glory accruing from them. He waited for a few minutes for some opportunity which should offer him a suggestion for action, and this he got sooner than he could fairly have hoped for, by a chance remark of a soldier a few paces in front of him. "That there farm house looks a likely place. I wonder some of us ain't told off to attack it," this man was saying, but his companion's reply did not reach Willie. it flashed through the boy s mind that a splendid opportunity was being neglected, and as he looked across to the house he saw that a private road leading to it trailed, half hidden, through a bush-grown part of the veldt, offering almost complete obscurity for a few men right down to the spruit itself. He waited no longer to consider the position, but set off at a run, unnoticed by the men of his company, who bad their attention enchained to more pressing matters than the vagaries of a bugle boy. He felt the same incentive to speed in the delicious effervescence of his spirits, and soon he found himself at the bank of the spruit, wondering whether, after all, his adventure was (o end in failure and consequent punishment as a runaway. But fortune seemed to favor him, for he noticed that a few yards down the stream a light footbridge had been thrown across as if for his especial convenience. Beaching the house by this means, he was careful to approach cautiously so as to avoid showing himself, and this the thick shrubs of the well-kept garden rendered- easy enough, so that he reached the yard at the back of the house without misadventure. Here a startling sight met his eyes. In the yard the four missing scouts were standing with arms and feet bound, hurriedly but securely, to a fence. They presented a sorry spectacle indeed. The full blaze of the sun poured relentlessly on their uncovered heads, and they seemed to be in the last stage of their terrible plight, with a hideous death steali** upon them through the horrors oe madness. As he stood staring at them Willie was too frightened to move, and his brain seemed to fail to take in the full meaning of the sight or to suggest, to him any action in regard to it. Instinctively his hand went to _his> bugle, and with a purely mechanical , action be blew a blast upon it to the* full capacity of his lungs. The effect of this sudden sound was* instantaneous. The poor sufferers seemed to awaken from a trance,, and their wild eyes looked at him as at a ghost of succor : while out of the house tumbled a dozen or so Boers,, all of them io a state of semi-intoxica- tion, with the exception of one, a youth not much older than Willie himself. Raising the bugle to his lips« again he blew another blast, a strange jumble of some of the regulation call» of his regiment, and as he withdrew the bugle from his lips he heard a. j sharp report ànd felt a curious« sensation on hi*B mouth, as if a sharp» knife had been drawn across it Looking towards the Boers, he saw, the youth again levelling his rifle at him to obtain a truer and more deadily aim, but the same instant Willie had) sprung aside, and from behind a shrub of laurel he took a careful aim with his* revolver, which he knew to be accurate,, at the young Boer, and pulled tho trigger. He waited no longer than to see the youth fall and the men stagger back hurriedly into the house,, thought he was surprised at their retreat. Of subsequent events he could form» only the most indistinct idea, for after Iris successful shot he fell in a heap io his place behind the bush, and after: consciousness returned, the pain fronv his torn mouth seemed to demand alb his thoughts. But he was all the time remotely conscious of a great com-* motion ; the rattle of rifle, shots and« the shouting voices of some of the men of his regiment. Then he was* encouraged to make a supreme effort to rise and make investigation into« passing events, but immediately he emerged from his shelter he was gripped by strong but friendly arms* and borne into the house. Here his mouth was at once band- aged, someone saying thal,, after all, it was only the kiss of battle for a pretty boy, who would one day make a fine soldier-if he would only obey orders instead of anticipating them. Willie looked up at the speaker and» saw it was his colonel. He looked very sheepish for a moment, being terribly disappointed thatheshould be reminded* of his duty instead of receiving the expected praise for his heroism. But this was to come later on, whees some men of the colonial force returned) to camp with the Boer prisoners, now quite sobered and enraged at the manner in which they had been, captured and defrauded of their revenge upon the. scouts they had captured. For in the camp, Bugler Willie was the hero of the day, and it was only when, next morning, news came in that the sortie had resulted in the rout of the Boers from their position on the heights behind the farm, and their occupation by the British, that Willie Oampbell was allowed to lie quietly in the hospital, undisturbed by congratulations, until his wound was healed and be was again able to sound the calls for his regiment. And far away in a remote country township under the Southern CTOBB, two old folk Bat together on the shady verandah, hand pressing band, as old Colin read with quivering voice and misty eyes the great news of their son's daring adventure,, and the kind words written of him in the colonel's report of the rescue of the scouts at fche farm house. - The Melbourne Leader. 