Tales of the Weird and the Wonderful : , v rublissen bt srzoun auranoeuent. > By ' RIG HLSJRLO ; ' Author: of. V The Boetio: a Mystery," "In Full Cry," "Frivolities;" "The Crime and the ' ' CWmihnVV "Marvels and Mysteries," &o.;'; &c.; " 1 , ?:-i 'W>. ' cOPTRionr.l j n t /<;'< .'.u? 'if.) . ; O TJ SB BQil ; ' w v 'CHAPTER llXniinwd.) , /l i ; .-wiil- not , nv " 'be found :»by I V/ sburdbin. ! Ifc«ia >xio Jose- ' your '.gpuipr! ; Ito lopk fdr'theni.! T'h o 'speakerHj wero Mr.' duel, . -Mrs.Busb." I ' " " Mr. and Mrs. 1 Bush'?"':- i Violet's voice . dropped to. an aw-, fnl whisper. " Thomur- . dcrer and bis victim.'' . I Rtnred at her iri the , moonlifrht. Inglis's: pleasant little story had- momentarily escaped my memory. Suddenly ronsed' -from a dreamless slumber, I had not yet bad time to, recall such trivialities. Now it all. came back in a flash. "Violet," I exclaimed, "have you gone mad?" " . " They are tlio voices which I heard last night. They are the voices whioh Mason- heard. Now you have heard them. If you hud kept still, the mystery might have been unravelled. The crime might havo been re- onaetod before our oyes, or at least within sound of our ears." I sat down upon tho ingenious, piece of furniture whioh did duty as a bed. I seemed to have struck upon a novel pliaso in my wife's character. It- was not altogeiher a pleasing novohy. She spoke - with a degree, of judicial cnlmne.ss which, under all tho oiroumstunccs, I did not altogether relish. "Violet, I wish you wouldn't talk like that. It makes tny. blood run cold." " AVhy should it ? My dear Eric, I havo heard you yourself say that in the presence of r.ho seemingly mysterious our attitudo should ho one of passionless criticism. A- mysterious crime has been committed in this very chamber." I shivered. "Surely it is our duty to avail ourselves of any opportuni ties which may offer, and which may enable us to probo it to the bottom." I inado no answer. I examined .tho doors. They wero looked and bolted. There was no sign that . unyouo had tampered with tho fastenings. I returned td-bed. As I was ar ranging myself between the sheets Violet whispered in my car, "Perhaps if we are perfectly quiet they rauy come back again." I am not a muu given. to adjectives ; but I felt adjectival then. I was about to ox- plain, in language which would 1 not have been wanting in force, that I had no desiro that they should come back again, when " You had better give it to me." The words wore spoken in a woman's voice, as it seemed, within twelve inches of my back. The voico was not that of a lady. I should havo said without hesitation had I heard tho voice under any other circumstances that the speaker hud been born within the sound of Bow Bells. ' . " Had I ?" . . It was a manly voice which put the ques tion. There was something about tho tone in which tho speaker put it which reminded one of . tho line in the people's ballad, "It ain't wot 'e sex, it's the nasty way e 6ez it." The question was put in a vcry " nasty way " indeed. . ' ' "Yes, my boy, you had/' , "Indeed?" ; ' ' . "Yes, you may say 'indeed/ but if you don't I toll you what I'll- do— I'll spoil you." "And what, my dear Gertie, am I to understand by tho mystic threat of spoiling mo?" " I'll go straight to your wife, and I'll toll her everything." " Oh, you will, will you?" Thero was a movement of a ohair. The malo speaker was getting up. " Yes, I will." f Thorpi'was a slight .pause. .Ono could fancy that tlio speakers iwerejfuoin'gVeachi tothor.! One . could picture. (<tho. j look 'ofpimpudont'i dKflaiico upon. tho woman's - countenance,1 the' suggestion of coming storm upon. -thnt of . tho! man. : Itwnsi'tbo man's voice which r brokej the silcuQO- .-> > (.Mt is odd; fGertrnde,- ;thut you>should have; chosen this evening. to threaten me,. beoauso I.; myself had -chosen this eyonihg;.'I- won't, say! to threaten, -but to make a communication t to! you.", v :c j ::-."Givo.mq»a matclu" iThe request came, from tho woman.' - . -" With plennure. I will give you anything, my. -dear Gertrude,: within reason." There was another pause./ In tho sUenoo:I scorned to- hear my wife holding hor ? breath— as I; eortainly was hoHing; niine. '. All at onco thoro came a sound of ':scratchihg,!a' flash of light. It came so unexpectedly, and : such was tho extreme tension of my nerves, that, with a stifled exclamation, I half rose in bed. My wife pressed her. b'and against "my lips.' SUn held mo down. She spoke-in so attenu ated a . whispor that it was only bcoaiisn all my senses were so keenly on the alert that I heard her. . f ,. >/ . "You goose! Ho'honly striking ii match." He might have been,' but who"? She took things for granted.- '.I. wanted to know. Tho light continued flickering to and fro, as a matoh does flicker. I would have givon much, to know who hold it, or evpn what was its position in tho roomi"' As luck had it, iny face was turned tho4'othcr way. My wife seemed to understand what was passing ininy. mind. " There's no ono there," she whispered; No ono, I presumed, but tho matoh. I took it for granted that was thoro. Though I didhot venture, to inquire, I folfc that I might not have suoh perfeob control over my voice as my wife appeared to have. While the light continued to flicker thero nntnn stealing into my nostrils— I sniffed, 'the thing was unrnistakeablo ! — tho odour of tobacco. , Tho woman was lighting a cigar ette. I know it was tho woman because presently thoro came this request from tho man, " After you with the light, my dear." . I presume, that the match was passed. Immediately the smell of tobacco redoubled. Tho man had.lit a oigaretto as woll. I con fess that I rosented — silently, but still strongly — tho idea of two strangers, whether ghosts or anybody else, smoking, uninvited, in my cabin. Tho match went oiit/ Tho cigarettes were lit. The man continued speaking. " Tho communication, my dear Gertrude, whioh I intended to make to you was this : Tho time has come for us to part." Ho paused, possibly for an answer. None came. . ' . . "Ineednot enlarge 'on the reasons which necessitate our parting. They exist.." Pause again. Then the woman. "What ore you going-to give me?" " One of the reasons which necessitate our parting— a very .strong reason, as you, I am sure, will be the first to admit— is that I have nothing left to give .you." "So you say.". "Precisely. So I say, and so I mean." "Do you mean that you aro going to give me nothing?" ... "I mean, my dear Gortrnde, that I havo notiiing to give you; You have left mo nothing." " " Bah !" The soundjjvhicb issued from tho lady's . lip8 was expressivoof tlio most com plete contempt. "-Look- here, mv boy, you give mo a hundred sovereigns or I'll spoil you." Pause again. Probably tbo gentleman was thinking oyer the lady's.obsorvation. . What/benofit do you tliiuk you will- do yourself by .what you call spoiling me?" " Never mind about that , I'll doit. -You think I don't Iniow all about you, but I do. Perhaps I'm not so soft as you think. Your wife's got 8omo money if ypu haven't. Sup pose you go buck and ask hor for some. You've treated ino badly enough. I don't see why you 'shouldn't go and'treat hor- tho same. ' .She wouldn't niako things warm for you" if ' sho knew a fow things I could toll hor—notat ' all J . You givo mo a hundred sovereigns or, I tell you straight. I'll go right to vonr hotiee and I'll toll her all/' . J " Oh, no, you won't." .i . "Won'tl? Isaylwill!" ' " Oh,.no, you won't." "I suy I will 1 I'yo warned you, that's all. I'm not going to stop here, 'talking stuff to you. I'm going to bed. You can go and hang yourself for allT care/' : There was n tound; an indubitablo sound —tho souiid of a pair of shoes being thrown upon the floor. - There wero . other sounds equally capable of explanation ; sounds yrhich' suggested— I wish the printer -would -put it in small 1-ype-thab the lady- was tm- dressingr XTpdressihg, tooj withscani regaid to ceremony; Uarmbnts wero thrown .ofiond tbfcfled'khiggledyipiggledy here' mnd -there. ; They . appeared to bo thrdwnj with " 8dblimbi indinerence; up,on!tablo,' ohairs, and flodr." 'I ovoii felt1- something - alight upon ' the "bed Some feminine garinent; 'perhaps, -fwhiehi although it'fell by ' no means heftidly, miidd » mbconscious,' as it fell,- ofthe1 moat'ourioba 'flenati6n I had in all my life— till then— dx- perionoed. It seemed that the : lady,' while she unrobed, 'continued'Sriioking: ' ' From her ; next words it appeared that the , gentleman, ; "aUq'smoldng; stood and stared at her." "Don't stand 'staring at" me like 'a gawk. I'mgoing-to turn in/.,!" ; - ; ."And I'm going to ton out. Not, as you suggested, to hang myself, but to finish this . cigarette upon the roof. 'Perhaps, when I return, you will be in a more, equable frame of mind/'. ; ' ' Dou't you flatter yourself. What I say. I niean. . A hundred sovereigns, or I tell >youv wife/' : : - f He laughed' very softly, as though ho was dctermined- not to be annoyed. Then we heard his footsteps as/ he orossed .the floor. The door opened,- then-closed.- We heard him ascend the stops. Then, with curious dis tinctness; bis measured tramp, traxhp, as he moved tonucl fro upon tho roof. In tno cabin' for a moment there was silence; Then tho woman said, with a curious faltering in her voice : ' . . "I'lldoit. I don't caro what ho says." There was a choking in her throat, "Ho doii't care for mo a bit." Suddenly, pbe flung herself upon her knees beside the bed. She x'iliowed her head and arms upon tho coverlet. I lay near the outer, edgo of the bed, which was a small one, by tho way.- As I did so, what wero my sensa tions I am Unable to describe,. After a momentary interval thore camo tbo aouud of Bobbing. I conld feel tho woman quiveriug with the strength of her emotion, violet and I were speechless. I do not think that, for tho instant, wo could havo spoken even had we tried. The woman's presence was bo evident, her grief so real. As she wept, dis jointed words came from her. "I've given everything for him! If ho only cared for mo ! If ho only did." All at once, with a rapid movement, she sprang up. Tho rcmovul of the pressure was altogether unmistakable. I was conscious of her resting her hands upon tho coverlet to assist her to her feot. I felt tbo little jerk then tho withdrawal of the hands. She choked back her sobs when she had gained Iter feet. HcB tone was changed; "What a fool 1 am to make a fuss. Ho. don't care for me— not that." Wo heard hor simp her fingers in the air. " He never did. Us women are always fools— we're all the Bume! I'll go to bed." Violet clutched ray arm. Sho whispered, in that attenuated fashion sho seemed to havo caught the trick of : ."She's getting into bed. We must 'get out." It certainly was a faot, someone was getting into bed. The bedclothes wore -moved: not our bedclothes, but some phantom coverings. We heard them rustle, we wero conscious of a current of air across .our faces as somcouo caught them open. And then !— then some- « one stepped upon tho bed. " Let's get out !" gasped Violet. to be continued. 