SUSPECTED CASE AT SAN FRANCISCO. A few days before the American mail left, a supposed caso of plague occurred iu Chinatown, San Francisco. The following excerpt from the "San Francisco Call" of March 13th hears an the matter; — MU Yell UL VLIUJJiiLU lO qfl V >Y t/Uu u OIU(>.lv| DpUl die case of death resulting from what the Health Board, with the assisting intelligence and investi gations of Dr. KInyoun, of the Federal Quaran tine Service, pronounce to bo pluguo bacilli. It is now moro titan a week sinco Chick Gin gave up the ghost, and no other cases even of suspicious death have been discovered. If tho deported Chick went the final way stricken with the dread .disease, ho was charitable enough to tako mauy of the virulent germs with him. But there are many physicians iu this city— men of reputation in their profession — who still doubt the authen ticity of tho germs which revelled riotously inside of the unhappy Chick. "Tbo Board of Health held a conference with tho Chinese Consul-General last evening at 5 o'clock. They asked that tltc Consul should fur nish IS men, whose duty it should bo to reduce the garbage of Chinatown to ashes within tho llUullblt J. HV Lt'HSUl iLjJHVtl IDttL, UU LUUJU Rul, furnish men for that purpose, and added that the proper place to dispose of garbage was" at the sanitary reduction works. The health officials then declared that they proposed to permit no garbago to be carried out of Chinatown, and threatened to forco tbo merchants to burn their debris in front of their stores. The Consul, see ing tho disagreeable effect this wotlld have, con sented to furnish six men, who will commence work immediately. , "When it became known that a sanitary reduc tion works on a small scale was to bo started In Chinatown, a number of property-owners in tho vicinity declared themselves emphatically ngainst such a proposition, pronouncing it a nuisance. "Another matter discussed by the Consul was in relation to the respectivo amounts of worlc which should bo done by tho property-owners and the tenants. Ho Yow says that he doiis not pro- pose to permit tile tenants to be imposed upon while tho cleansing operation is going on, and wishes tho hoard to define tho worlc which it ex pects tho owners of tho property to bo rosponsibio for." 