ORIGINAL STORY. ' M R . J I A I . ' CHAPTKB I. By "MINNEHAHA." The shrill hysterical scream of the northern train sounded strangely fcuey and important, as the one event of the day in the ex-mi" '.ng town of G . It passed on, leaving behind it deeper peace, and, if possible, greater solitude. Lazily rising to his feet and knocking his pipe against a post of the verandah, James Mclntyre, or ' Mr. Jim,' as the people roundabout called him, yawned wearily. ' Tea's ready, sor. Sure and Oi can't make out the clc at all, at all. For the more Oi put it back the more it goes forrard. But its punctual Oi am to-night for ull its capers.' 4 Alright Terry ; but I think we will wait a bit, and have tea later, on.' Terry went in muttering in a sepulchral voice, 4 0 the strange fits ©' him.' Whistling to 4 Jeff,' the dog, Mclntyre went out of his gate, and leaning on & fence rail, looked carelessly at his own broad acres, and the panorama beyoud. Five in the evenof the bracjng March day ; far in the distance the stately Blue Mountains, drifting over them masses of soft pink and scarlet clouds. Nearer to us are paddocks of dead trees, which look like sentinels of the twilight. Threading in and out, now seen, now lost, from behind an incline comei the river, which gradually reaches the end of hie own grounds and is again, lost in the distance. In front of his hut on a sloping hill are cattle evidently, as lazily inclined as their owner, doited in groups. Nestling well down in the shadows of the hill, is seen a house, of charming architecture, built in the old English •tyle of red brick and gabled windows. A garden with fine trees— mostly English, too—and vines of twenty year's growth, which climb wilfully up the very chimrays, all aid in giving a picturesque and ideal view. Turning from this, the dark-roofed hut of the ordinary selector's type, skirted by its narrow verandah, seems a strange contrast. Mr. McTntyre is a lonely man. | This is plainly seen. His face is •tern though without hardness ; one I would suspect a twinkle in his eye, j if his habitual expression were not almost miserable. Tall, well built, any age between fifty and sixty, clean shaven, so that the lines of firmness and self-suppression are clearly seen. His clothes are not tailor-made, but lit well. Such the portrait of the central figure of this -country story. The sound of a trotting horse, the click of the far paddock gate. < Strange. Who can that be ?' Warily coming along, as if beiag uncertain of his footing, the postman it sighted. _ 4 Letter for you, Mr. Mclntyre ; nice •evening, air.' » . Curtly taking the lettii from the man, Mclntyre gruffly enough {thanks bim, adding: 4 Pleaee tall your postmaster that my man, Terry, is my postman. I wish no intrusion of •strangers whatever' With a civ'1 ' Good evening," sir,' the postman goes off with a firm impression rivetted on his mind of 4 Mr. Jim's' increasing madness. For the country people for many milea have looked on Mclntyre as at least certainly very eccentric, or perhaps, harmlessly insane. A few hours later inside the little cottage. Terry had cleared away his master's table, almost as untouched as when laid. Still standing lingering, he says : • Did you see Maitter Roberts tonoight, sor? Oi thought Oi saw the red jaeket of him through the black trees there. Like his imperance coming here, Oi go for the post for ye, meself.' 4 Yes, Terry; I told him not to come again and he won't. However, the letter is important 8nd strange, too. Strange, too! God knows! Leave me for a while like a good boy, and I will read a bit. Goodnight, Terry.' Good-night, sor, but ye look etraage, and spake loike a ghost. Sure ye frighten me. Tell me what's on your moind, sor, and maybe its better ye'll be.' Rousing himself from the reverie into which he had fallen, Mclntyre assures the faithful Irishman of his personal good health, and once more Terry retires. The interior of the cottage is in every way a standing proof of Mclntyre's tastes. Intellect and signs of travel are shown; in a word, it is a g h j direct contradiction to the exterior. Arranged on the walls are several good guns, of handsome make— especially made for their present owner—as is seen by the initials 4 J.M.,' in silver on the stock of each, and few good pictures. The bright j fire burning briskly in the large, j bush chimney, "lights up everything j with warmth in the little room: j The much used violin lies on its shelf to-night untouched ; the furni- i ture plain though comfortable seems ! incongrauous and out of place in com- J pany with a rich and massive book- i case filled with authors of ancient and modern celebrity. No one on ' hc-lanciiiC: at those could gauge the ; .,°„ . ? n l especial favorite of their reader, for , his tastes for the last twenty years have centred on books, and he loves them all. He is reading to-night, not & book, but sits with a half dazed expression with the evening's letter in his hand. 4 After all these yeare. My poor darling. Of course I'll do it for her sake.' He is bent; his head leaning on his hands, the massive figure looks bowed and altered in the two hours that have passed since Roberts brought the late letter. It has fallen to the floor, he picks it it up and once more Jreads it over slowly and aadly:— ' Dear James, — After the years that have passed, it will seem strange to you to hear from me. I ask you to let all bitterness, if any memory of me should remain with you still, pass away, and I feel that if you are as you were twenty years ago, you will have long forgiven me. I am unable to write a lengthy letter. Since the news of the loss of my husband in the wreck of his ship six years ago, 1 have been a confirmed invalid, gradually getting more feeble and ill, till to-day, as I write to you, I know I am dying. My one and only reason for clinging to life has been my boy. His father's people are scattered, my own unknown to me in England, all far away. My request may seem a strange one, it is to ask you to be his guardian. To have him do his duty as faithfully and well to you as he has to me is my last wish. I may be in my grave even before you receive this letter. So forgive me if I have acted hastily in anticipating your answer. I have made arrangements with Hoare and Co., my solicitors, Adelaide, that you shall be guardian of Eric and have control of his income, some £300 per year, which he will have at nay death. • Eric knows my wishes. You will tell Liin everything. For the first time, poor boy, he will leave Adelaide to find |you, and I know that all a motherless and friendless boy would look for he will find in you. '«The same old address, after many enquiries, 1 found is still yours, and writing the still familiar words makes my hand shake and the tears come to my eyes, and .my thoughts , wander back ' to the time I was the 1 careless, happy girl of 20 years ago. ' Your wife and family won't begrudge . my boy a corner in your perhaps; and the blessing of a dying woman, who feels no sting in leaving her darling in the hands of such an example of sterling goodness and splendid manliness as you ever were, will follow you. Once more, forgive me for what is past. All my last wishes are that you and yours will have all happiness, and perhaps I shall see you to welcome and thank in the next world for all the good you will have done in this. They tell me I must write no more, half supported, my strength gone. Good-bye in this world for ever. God bless you. M a r i a n Chhtwynd.' So read the letter, which had such a strange effect on 4 Mr. Jim.' Folding it up carefully and gazing at it vacantly, he tenderly put it into its envelope. Suddenly the postmark attracts his attention; he sees the date of tea days. ' She's been dead to me long enough. Her last request, bitter as it may be, my life must be for her boy, now Marian is gone. Hours go by. Still over the lire the man thinks over everything, Strange after all these years that her boy should be coming to him, to tear him from his loneliness and misantrophy,an act which nothing but her last wish could accomplish. 4 By jove, eh. One o'clock, old boy, 4 addressing the dog, Jeff. I'll turn in now. I feel like something else, somehow. Fancy another fellow coming, Jeff. Her son. Do you understand that, old boy, eh ? Ilulloa, how late that trap is going along the road; some one by the express, I expect. It's stopping. Can't be. It's coming through the gate. My God, it's coming here, It's Eric coming to me in my loneliness.' The banging of a door at the back of the house showed that Terry had heard the unfamiliar sounds. Opening the door of his master's sanctum, the Irishman pauses ; shielding his eyes with his hand for a minute, as , , , , ,, • , . he gazes mutely at the pale, expectant face nf of liis his mmaster, J aaf(, r his hanA hand Bt still ni holding the letter. ' Lor ! Not in bed f What toime is it now, Oi don't know at all. But the station waggon is coming along, sor. Indade, if they're not upset, they'll be here now, so they will. 1 It may be the son of an old friend coming to cheer us both up a little ; he is very late, though,' says Mclntyre, trying to speak in his natural tone. Throwing open the door and letting the bright light burst out into the darkness, Mclntyre, with Terry following, wends his way to the little gate. ' Young gentleman for you, Mr. Mclntyre,' shouts Dave the coachdriver, 4 and,' adds he, with the easy familiarity of an old resident, 'plenty luggage with him too. Lend a hand with these boxes, Terry.' ' Well, my lad, I'm very glad to see you. Yes, Eric, delighted to have you, my boy., Come . in, lad, and get warm. You've had a long journey.' ' ' Thank you, sir. Er—but—I will just pay the poor chap, first.' And so in this strange, undemonstrative way,'the new era in 4 Mr. Jim's ' life began. C h a p t e r Next morning broke clear and fresh. Such mornings make every thing seem tranquil and contented, all the earth seems reinvigorated in its new birth, and man himself feels at peace v» oil thiuga, if L.6 is uX all a peace loving individual. Coming out of Mclntyre's gate is seen not' Mr. Jim ' but a boy. There is nothing to note in this boy's personal appearance, beyond the fact that his straightforward face, his upright young form and genial bearing proclaim him the rarest thing one meets — a gentleman. Though only .perhaps fourteen, Eric Chetwynd is all this. How mueh there is in the seemingly simple word, may be understood. The boy stands looking around for some few minutes in i rather bewildered way. And then, as is the custom of boys, begins investigating. Finding hie way round to Terry's dominions . he finds that w;orthy busily engaged frying eggs, etc., which performance he mixes with the ! melody of 4 Tara's Halls.' | His jolly face, which-l»y the way is II. a plain one, seems redder than usual, as he moves a burning log to one side of the fire place. ' Arrah ! You're up early,' he says, glaring in an enquiring way at the boy. 4 It'll be toired ye'll be this morning, sor r" Oh, no, thanks. I thought I'd have a look round for a bit. It does seem a jolly place. I suppose you've Jived here a long time P Quiet little town though.' Terry answers in his merry way this and other boyish questions, briskly preparing the breakfast the while. And in a very little time Eric has a firm and loyal partner in Mclntyre's faithful servant. Half an hour later 4 Mr. Jim' greets the first guest he has met under his roof for so many years, with a quiet smile. 4 Up so early, Eric ? Feel pretty stiff after your long journey, don't you ?' 4 No, sir. I feel splendid, thanks.' And so chatting together they sit down to their meal, and already Mclntyre feels what a blank his life would be without this youthful comrade. Terry, well pleased, at the arrangement of things in general, takes expressive side glances at his master, whose altered countenance together with the ringing, cheerful sound of his voice, makes the Irishman's happiness complete. After they have risen from the table Mclntyre shows Eric his favorite guns, points out the hide of a buffalo he shot in Queensland years before, and which lies stretched on the floor at his feet, and many other proofs of his prowess as a keen sportsman. Boy-like, Eric Clietwynd enjoys this thoroughly, and feels instinctively what a genuine friend he has in this man, whom, however, he cannot quite understand. Still grieving over the loss of his mother, strange new scenes have for the time made him feel her death less keenly than he otherwise would have done. But he notices that, so far, no word lias this new friend, of whom his mother spoke so gratefully on her death-bed, spoken of her. The boy feels at once hurt at this apparent neglect of his dead mother. Taking his tobacco pouch from the mantlepiece and calliug to Terry for a match, Mclntyre turning to Eric asks him to join him in a stroll and a talk, and so they pass out into the sunshine. In the preliminary way many men have of beginning an unpleasant story, Mclntyre puffs and draws at his pipe quickly for a few seconds as they walk along towards the river. At last he says: 4 You may wonder at my silence on the one subject we are both thinking of so much. Tell me about your mother, Eric. Spare no details; her letter was dreadfully sad, and well, anyhow, tell me it again. And with a huekiness that had to be coughed down, he waited for the saddest story a man could listen to. (To be continued.) 