CALLED BACK BY LOVE, A STORY OK THE TKANSYAA). AVAi: 1 don’t know how 1 ever bad tlic courage to become an army nurse. J am such a weak, trail creature, at least 1 think so. And tbe life of a nurse who goes away to the baltletield to cure for the poor maimed soldiers is one' full of tragedy. I know it now. lJut 1 did not know it then. 1 never dreamed, when 1 started on that mission, that there could be such scenes, or that 1 could endure them. One reason why 1 bore up through It all was because there was no time to think. Aly services were needed so much I was always on the go. There was no time to pause. Nurses were few, and each did the work of a dozen. Alt, how well 1 remember those days’ And yet it all happened years ago. But those pictures will be always witb me to my dying day. Yet there is oue morning that stands out from the rest, for the events which followed it changed all my life, it was just after the buttle of Doing’s Nek. My hands and skirts were dabbed with blood ; my heart was faint within me. For long hours 1 had fasted aud worked ; into my cars had been poured the most tender of lust messages, the most heart-breaking tales. Yrou ougld to rest a little,” said the rough but kindly voice of an old sur geon ; “ only, if you can stand up a minute longer—there is a case over here I want you to see." In silence l followed liim to a small church that had been turned into a hospital. Every pew was a bed of pain : blood dripped from between the altar rails ; even the aisles were partially blocked with the wrecks of humanity. It is in a scene like this that one appreciates the “other side ” of war. The surgeon led me straight to the choir stand, aud pointed to a young man In shoulder straps, whose blonde curls were matted, and whose beautiful blue eyes, beautiful even in their paiu.r roved restlessly over the .walls and1, ceiling. He was lying Hat on his back, with only a prayer book for a pillow. I saw at a glance that an arm was gone. The lingers of the other hand worked nervously. " I can’t make out, whether he is in his right mind or not,” the surgeon said in an undertone. “ Perhaps you can tell.” I kneeled, and laid my hand on his brow. He seemed not to have noticed me before. Now he turned a startled, wondering gaze on me. His lips moved, but at first 1 could not catch tbe words. By aud by 1 made out— “ I want Daisy. Please bring Daisy here." Again, “ I will give all X have to the one who will bring me Daisy.” " Who is Daisy ?” I asked, gently, still smoothing his forehead. He looked up, with almost a smile in his eyes, and asked naively— “ Don’t you know Daisy V” I am afraid 1 don’t,” 1 said, and 1 smiled a little, too. " Daisy is my sweetheart,” lie answered a moment later. His face was very grave now. " And, oh, how she cried when I came away ! Poor Daisy !” A few moments 1 busied myself in trying to make him more comfortable ; then he broke out again— “ If only I could see her just a few minutes it would be heaven on earth. Perhaps she would come if she knew 1 am ill. What, ails me ; 1 feel so queer and sore all over, and-" “There!” lie suddenly interrupted himself—" if you look quickly you will sec Daisy's head up iliero whore (lie light shines on that lamp. Look ! .Why, liow natural her curls, aud she smiles at me out of the corners of her eyes—a. trick of hers. Dear Daisy ! She’s gone now. 1 dreamed of her last night—dreamed that her arms were about my neck, aud tluit she was kiss ing me aud calling me her soldier boy." I went away then, but. an hour later, having bribed a good woman over the way to let me have a pillow—her last one—I returned to his side. It seemed to me that lie bad had a relapse during my absence, and the troubled look in bis eyes was intensified. When 1 had put the pillow under Ids head and bathed his face, lie said, gratefully— “ How very kind you are ! Your touch reminds tue of mother’s." Then 1 knew lie was watching me, but he did not speak l'or a long time, and when he did it was not to me— “Oh, 1-atlier, let me see Daisv once I more ; please seud her to me.”' I could not stand either the words or the pathos in the voice. • I must help to answer that prayer if possible. By and by I said “ Could you tell me where to semi for Daisy V Perhaps she would come to you if it is not too far. aud I should tell her how much you need her.” It was 3 hazardous tiling to say. We did not often dare make such sugges tions, for, of course, few comparatively could come, and it did not do ro raise false hopes. However, I felt confident that: he could not live many hours, and his pleadings touched me inexpressibly, even amid tbe scene and sights sur rounding. At the question lie Hashed me such a look. “ Will you V” That was all, but. oh. the intensity of it! “ Write to B. B. Waters. High street, Cape Town.” I was not iu the least doubt of bis sanity at the moment, but before 1 could trace the words in my notebook, his gaze was once more on the ceiling, aud he was babbling of mother and Daisy. Keluclnmly I brought myself to search his pockets, liudiug, strange to say, only a notebook with the name in gilt letters on the cover, ” Xtoger Bracin'.” My loiter was brief, only this— " Itoger Braeme Is dangerously wounded, and calls ceaselessly for Daisy.” It was a memorable day, one never to be forgotten by the poor fellows suf fering through the hot, interminable hours, or the busy surgeons and muses, who never paused in their work of moistening hot lips, bathing throbbing brows, washing out gaping wounds, receiving last messages, “writ ing letters home in short, doing what they could when there was every thing to do. As soou its possible we had the young lieutenant removed to more comfort able ijuartcrs. His wounds were doing well, but tlie surgeon said the shock had been too much for his ner vous system ; he might or might not live. •• Kverything, I should say, de pends upon the nursing,” he added, looking meaningly at me. ” 1 will do my best for him till Daisy comes,” 1 made auswer, but my heart misgave me ; 1 did not think she would come, and if she did—well, the future was veiled as futures are apt to be. Day by day be^wasted away.' Al though 1 prepared him fairly decent messes, he scarcely ate at all : ami though a real bedstead had been se emed for him, with a real, though somewhat dilapidated, straw mattress on it, he seldom slept. Without being moody, ho was not talkative. lie Seemed to be silently consumed by some inward longing. " He is dying to see bis sweetheart poor boy !” was what the surgeon said, aud what we all thought. It was perhaps a week after 1 had sent my message to Cape Town. One evening, as 1 was sitting by his couch fanning him—it was intensely hot—I was startled to hear him say in a hur ried whisper— " I’ou don’t think she will get here in time ?” To give myself time to frame an answer. 1 feigned not to understand. “ I am afraid 1 shall not hold out till Daisy gets here. 1 dreamed this af ternoon that her mother was here by the bell, and she said, * You won’t have to wait much longer, Itoger.’ Her mother is dead, you know, aud I think it means that I am soon to go.” Assuming it. hopefulness that 1 was far from feeling, I answered— " l do not so interpret your dream. 1 take it that you will not have long to lie here aud wait before Daisy lie caught hopefully at the sugges tion, and seemed much better all night. Early tlie next morning 1 went to see the poor boy, whose end was unmis takably near, and who called me mother.” 1 was detained some time, and, as my return to my head-ijuarters necessitated my passing where Lieu tenant Braeme was quartered. 1 thought to serve him his breakfast, and then rake an hour or two of rest. The surgeon met me, saying— " Daisy has come, and is waiting out there in the kitchen. See her stud then break the news to him. He is very weak this morning.” ,Uy heart boat fast ; at hist 1 should see Daisy with her arms about her lover’s neck. 1 could imagine just the way he would look at her ; he said so much with his eyes. I paused on the threshold of the kitchen ; she was not there—no one but the cook, a strange man, aud a i little child were in the room. Daisy must have grown impatient ami sought him out: the shock might kill him. Hurriedly t turned a way, but as I did so the child sprang forward aud caught my hand, exclaiming, vohem “ Daisy wauls her papa!” tn my surprise 1 jerked my baud away, and fairly staggered backwards. “ You—Daisy V” tt was all 1 could say. " Of course I’m Daisy,” she answered in an injured tone, adding, piteously, “ I want my papa, and he wants me.” The stranger, an elderly gentleman, now interposed by handing me my otvn letter aud saying— I am Mr. Waters, Lieutenant Braeme's stepfather, and this is llltle Daisy, his daughter.” ” Certainly—yes, 1 see,” 1 stammered, anil t did, though as yet dimly ; it was so entirely diii'erem from what I had expected. Aud then T went to Licuieuaul Braeme. He seemed restless and fev erish, aud 1 gave myself time by wet ting a cloth and placing it on his head. By aud by I said— ‘ If Daisy should come to-day, could you hear the joy of it ?” ’• I’d like to try tlie experiment,” and a ghost of a smile llilted over his wan features. “ .Toy is not as apt to be fatal as either hope deferred or Boer bullets, and I know something of both of these.” Then I said— “ Well, site is here.” r can no more describe tlie unutter able look of gladness that lighted liis fitec than I can describe the rapture of the blest. Thank Cod—and you !” A few moments later Daisy was cov ering liis face aud hands with kisses, and lie was hugging her with liis one arm and calling iter ” sweetheart ” over and over again. Meanwhile, the grandfather and 1 stuod apart and let them enjoy them selves. tlie former telling mo mean while of the unusual affection existing between them, of how the young wife had died while Daisy was a babe, aud of the almost constant prayer of tlie child for her father's safely since he entered the army. She was a lovely child, with her fa titer's blonde curls and line blue eyes. Itoger Braeme did not die, aud a few days later ho was moved down to Cape Town, love and care awaiting him I am now grandmother to Daisy's children, for you must know Itoger aud I celebrated the anniversary of our first meeting in a far more pleasing manner titan tlie one a year before, aud Daisy lias long been my sweetheart as null as liis. Mrs. Newlywed (reading)—” Love is a balloon that lifts us up to heaven—mar riage is the parachute that brings us slowly back to earth again.” Mr. Newlywed (also reading)—” An other parachute horror ! Man falls 3000ft aud is dashed to pieces ! Same old story ! Parachute fails to work !” 