CONINGHAM DIVORCE CASE. Yesterday Afternoon's Proceedings The Petitioner's Address. Yesterday afternoon, before Mr Justice G. B. Simpson) and special jury of twelve, thejiear- iris; of the suit in which Arthur Conlngltam sues f6r(<Jlvorce from Alice Stanford Conlng- ham, formerly Dowllng, on the ground of her adultery with the Very Rev. Dents Francis O'Haraitv co-respondent, from whom petition er- claims- £G00u damages, was continued. I'e- Utionor conducted his own case. The respon dent (Mrs.> Coning-hara) was also unrepresen ted. Mr. "Want, Q.C., with him Mr. Ralston, Instructed by Mr. T.-M. Slattery, appeared for the co-respondent. Petitioner, continuing his address, empha tically declared: want none of. his pelf. I won't touch one threepeneny piece of it. If a, verdict is found, then., wrap it up so much with these children that ho one else can touch it. And for that J pray. Not one farthing would I touch;- Before my God, I.swear tha), I don't want money;. 1 want justice. iou don't know what has been surging through my brain for inonths and months. If I had any spark of insanity in me I should have been Insane months ago." Petitioner went on to sny that .Mr. Want had not brought out anything' against him. There was no crime In being short of cash. It was the duty of co-respondent to look after an erring wo man, hut he had, by subterfuge, drawn her affections from him (petitioner). Never would he touch her again. His soui revolted at the thought of touching a woman who had mis conducted with a priest. He submitted that the Jury could come to only one conclusion; and that was that. the respondent and co respondent had committed adultery one with another. The little details leading lip t<y the adultery were told, but the actual conduct was suppressed. But the respondent had told the story, and had not deviated from the truth, and Mr. Warlt's: endeavours had been all in vain. "What .reason could she have for going into the box andswearing that such was the case it It was not the case? WouUl not the learned counsel .have dissected the eviu-. ence and unearthed the lie? Very soon. But lie had not shaken her evidence a bit. Peti tioner- proceeded to refer to the e\ idence given bv the lad Walsh. Lanston swore on oath Hint he never went near Lie co-respon dent with a message; but the boy said he went to see the co-respondentr who lepuoa that he would be there In ten minutes, ui these two which was the jury to believe. There was no fiaw like that in respondent s evidence. Petitioner wondered why an alibi had not boon sought In that case; they were cheap, like bananas, 14 In a bag for Od. And about those harps, the co-respondent had said he gave Miss Sutherland one, and that the respondent took one. But when he (peti tioner) came with '.his dissectlng-knlfo he said he took It from his button-hole and save It to her. Was not that a mark of affection/ Thfc fact of taking something fiom his but ton-hole and glvtng.it to her showed a. touch of familiarity, and he then set himself to coax her to -the presbytery, and succeeded. The co-respondent could not account for his departure from writing his name on the wlilLe margin of the photograph. Some question had been raised as to whether the . photograph had been blotted or not. . The co-respondent said he believed he. blotted his initials, but on the specimen photo, (produced) the Ini tials, written several days ago, could not be seen by him (petitioner), and his eyes were good. He put It to the jury that the Inscrip tion on the photo, given to Mrs. Coningham hud not been blotted.- And why- did the co respondent say .he was "sorry" when he spoke to Mrs.- Coningham through the tele phone. If he were innocent why did he not denounce her, instead of suying he was sorry. Her degradation had been a dreadful thing. It would have been better for. her to. have been killed than to have been .denounced. There were five of them whose lives had been destroyed, through one little mite having been brought Into the world. The respon dent had shown herself to be. truthful; she could not have stood , in the box as she did and told lies.' Did not the conversation at the telephone put Me Indelible stamp of guilt on the 'co-respondent. He hoped the co-respondent was", suffering: he "(the peti tioner) was suffering. Coming to the night of the concert, witnesses had said that It was the only night on which he had not been punctual, and what greater corroboration of his guilt could there be than that. Peti tioner next referred to the confes sion. If, as counsel had said, so much im portance attached to the words "3rd July," why did he not question respondent about It? If he (petitioner? icould' do so he.would. The confession was as he received it. What Mrs. Coningham had .lone he knew not. She m'ght have blotted or scratched It. But she had not seen It since it had come Into his possession. Petitioner said the other side had absolutely nothing to work upon, Bave Miss Shlels' let ters, and he had' not" objected to their going In. lie wanted tlie jury to know all,. and he hid nothing. But what lidd become of Henry James, alias Grlmsliaw? He had not been oalled, or he (petitioner) would have torn his testimony to pieces. The. Jury had asked for tills man. Why was he not produced? What was he In the ease against his (petitioner's) folloltor? Head witness! There had been talk of paid cvidepce. He had 'tried, and had paid a man . " His Honor reminded petitioner that he must not go beyond the evidence. Petitioner, referring to the letters written to Miss Shlels, asked If- It' was not" therein, proved that there could not have been one speck ofi collusion? . Touching upon the birth of the child petitioner said his statement with regard to the matter had been) corroborated- by Dr. Marshall: Mr. Want liad said that tlie respondent was a clever woman, but her cleverness came In her. truth. A liar could always be torn to pieces, bqt nothing at variance with truth was drawn from her. It had been said she had asked Miss Shlels for money, but it transpired that Miss Shlels had given hc-r a Christmas-box, and that she then went to Mr. Slattery 'and told him of the fact. That money was unasked, for. If it hud been otherwise, the jury would have heard of it. He felt perfectly oertaln that- Mr. Want. In his heart, was sorry he had called Mrs. Gov- man. It was a cruel thing to expose a wo man's past when she had lived It down. If a woman failed once she was driven out in the world, while men could- do whnt they liked. "Selfish brutes we are," said the- (petitioner. The respondent's word was as itood ub that of Mrs. Oorman, a woman, of whom be (pe titioner) had said that he had often picked her up out of the gutter speechlessly drunk. His Honor: The evidence is the other way. She said that nothing, of the kind occurred. Petitioner: "Yes, that- Is what she said." Continuing, he said that. Mrs- Gorman must be prejudieed.'.because.Bhe'had.been fined for nbuslve language at the lnstance.of the peti tioner's mother. From, the time Mrs. Con ingham assumed widow's weeds she was told by her spiritual adviser to -lend a new life, and she did so. He (the petitioner) knew thnt-she was .a good woman", . of an untar nished married life", until she met this priest. He would not dwell on:.the manufacture of witnesses. The manufacture of witnesses he had left to the "other .side. ., Ab to Ills own counsel, there' was no" need to go into the rear son whv Mr. Colonna-Close. had withdrawn. He would also leave Mr. Abigail- and Mr. Moss, as they now had nothing tp do with the case. Mr. " Want had also attacked his (petitioner's) character. There was. nothing against that, otherwise It would have been produced. He (petitioner) had 'asked co-re-, spondent If lie had led an absolutely pure and chaste life. He had given co-respondent! a chance there, but he had refused to under-: go a medical' examination. "As to the ques-' , tlon of blackmail, he.liad never asked the co respondent for a farthing, but hail come into court and claimed damages. It had bon Btated that he had acted In collusion. But ,was that named 'in the answer? Nothing but u denial. Ho had been referred to as sleep ing In the same room with his wife. Did that niir.i- the charge of adultery? It might affect the question of -damages. As to the money, he again asserted that he would not touch a penny of it, but his children had to be pro vided for. He did not .want the filthy stuff. It was his children ho was fighting for. As for himself, not If he had to die In 'the gutter would he touch Id or the money of the co respondent's Ho (petitioner) had lived a good life: he neither drank nor knocked about. All he wanted was justice, and bo wanted the jury to bring In a verdict according to their feel ings. The past of Mr. and Mrs. Miller was brought up, though he did not know what for. When a person went to stay at a hotel did he concern himself about the past of the landlord? The place was well-comlucted. And as for his taking one room, well, he couldn't afford two, that was tyhy. Again, was there any thing strange about respondent giving a letter to Mr. Miller to post? It had been asked why It had not been handed to him. Mr. Miller hud not seen him, and had posted It to where lie always got his letters. Never would he have brought the respondent to the court, for the eake of his children, for her Bake, for his own, had his Jatters.boen attended to. And he had to come to the divorce court for justice, and sincerely honed he would get it. He elicited from Mrs. Bostock that the. re spondent tyent to "The Geisha" on March 17. which was one little bit of corroboration. An attempt had been made to make suggestions on the evidence of Dr. Marshall. Mrs. Abra hams sai'd she had seen him nursing' the child Vincent, and perhaps she did, but she saw nothing more. ' A girl was called, and she saw a lot. Yes, she saw a lot, because she was a Romnn- Catholic. They then came to the re gistration of the child. Jn his evidence, or In his wife's evidence, there was nothing to show that he knew it was not his child till May 24. So -his registration of the child had no bear ing on the case. Mr. Want had said he and his wife left Mrs, Abrahams' together. He distinctly said that they did not. As for the two -of them making up a concoction he would leave that to the jury. Was It possible for them to make up conversations lasting hour a'rtor hour, and stick to them hour after hour, as . they did in the witness - box under cross - examination. As for the respondent's conversations with Dr. O'Ha.ran he bnly knew what she told him. Tliey were now trying to bring up the ques tion of 'condonation. The motto of the other side was, "Get it honestly If you can, but whatever it costs get It." And when they got it, what sort of evidence was It? -They had seen Langton, and that ought to have bee.? sufficient for the jury. Was It possible t..at any lady would have confided with a silly old Idiot like that. That was air he would call him. He said, for one thing, that the keys were never out -of' his possession, ancl when asked where they were at that moment lie said, "At the Cathedral." Mis. Atolk had said she could remiember the time to tpe moment when Dr. O'Haran arrived at "W.m- blodon," but she could not remember whe.e her husband wns on that date; he' might have been In China, Japan, or anywHere. There was a possibility of the respondent- lie - said only a possibility— haying been mistaken as to the date' of June 29, but the witnesses on the other side, although professedly certain of that date, eould re member nothing about the previous day. "And it is a fact," said the petitioner, '.'that nine-tenths of those witnesses have had ab solution since they gave their evidence. They've had a pretty busy time this week, I think!" He only needed to refer to Lang? ton's ' version. That witness said he never went to the co-respondent about the baptism. The ' co-respondent said that Langton did, and If Langton told an untruth In one thing lie would in another: and, as he said before, who. could believe that a lady con fided in that Ignorant old gossoon. Did the Jury think the respondent would con fide In. a man like Langton? That was ab surd: Then they bring In a fence Into tills affair, but respondent said nothng about the fence In her evidence. Petitioner said he had been round that way a lot; more than the co respondent Imagined. He had been a hun dred times round there. ... His Honor: You must not say that. You must keep to the evidence. Petitioner: Respondent hnd admitted that she was passionately fond of this man.' That would' perhaps make her give way to this man who. worked his web round her. And would It not be caster for anyone to gain an end from her' If she had led an Immoral life? How minutely she had detailed everything. Would slie dare to say that tills man was wearing natural wool clothes if she did not know It? And he had not denied it. Mr. Want: He has. ' Petitioner: On the 10th of November did he (petitioner) know anything of his guilt? Not a speck of it. No woman in the world ever gave evidence like It, he believed; nor did he think Mr. Want, In all his career/liad had such a task. Another little thing;, brought forward— Vincent Francis. He knew now why he was called Vincent Frnnols, which lie had not known before that confession. It wus a wonder that It was not Denis Francis. The recollection of the demeanour of. the two witnesses, the respondent and the co-re-i suondent, must be very vivid Iti the. memory of the jury. It was In his. Mr. Want had asked l'or a clear-cut Issue. That was what he (petitioner) wnnted. He had stood there, pen niless, and fought this against brains! and money. Did It n-ot seem' strange that this cc-respondent, who was a continuous atten dant at the Cathedral, should go away? Why? Because he. dared not receive her, he dared not give her absolution. There was a. pas sage in "Horace" to the effect thait punsh- ment, though slow afoot, seldom failed .to overtake, the guilty. ' And this case should meet It out. — CONINGHAM'S PERORATION. - "I trust," said petitioner, "your verdict will meet out to this man, who has so .long. re-, veiled in his sin, a punishment which will deter others who, like him, hold these posi tions, and use their spiritual powers to ruin mothers and wives. Gentlemen, what woman Is safe, what wife Is safe, what girl Is safe; amongst these monsters? No woman should ever be allowed to darken the portals of a building where they are " His Honor: There is no necessity for 'you to make an attack upon a large body of peo ple. . Petitioner: The small Issues of the case I will leave out. You have seen the - demea nour of the respondent and co-respondent, and the demeanour of the witnesses; you', have heard their evidence, and heard the way that evidence was given. It is you. gentlemen, and you alone, who 'have to decide this case. Gentlemen, I'll leave you to your duty." THE SUMMING-UP. At a quarter to 3 his Honor commenced his summing up. He stated the issues in the ease, and directed the Jury to find the first issue (the marriage) In favour of the peti tionee. The second Issue was whether Mrs. Coningham had committed adultery. As -he had told them at the beginning of the case, strange us It might seem, It was quite open to' a judge sitting by himself, and a Jury, to find under certain circumstances, accord ing to the evidence In any parti cular case, that the respondent had committed adultery with the co-re spondent, although they might find that co-respondent had not commit ted adultery with the respondent. The law as to admissions might seem stranse, but there was no question about It that, as a matter of law, a Jury might find that a re spondent committed adultery with a co respondent, .but -that he did not commit adul tery with her. Mrs. Conlnghnm's admissions outside the court, while being evidence against her, were no evidence against co-respondent. That was law and justice. Any woman could say what she liked against a man outside a court, but they need not trouble here, as they would In a case where a woman merely made statements outside. Unless she had come for ward, and given evidence, her admissions would have been against herself, but would not have been a particle of evidence aguinst Dr. O'Haran. But as she had been called, her . evidence was against Dr. O' Haran, and wa3 entitled to such weight as; the jury might think fit. ' Never since he had been sitting In Divorce, either with the late Sir "William Windeyer, or by hmself, had he presided over a case In wlrich a respondent— the guilty woman— had been called as a witness, and admitted her adultery, and to try and prove the adultery of the co-respondent with herself.. He would not say therq had never been such a case, but lie was net aware of one 1-n which there had been -such a stnte of things in England or else where. although they may have existed. In ' an ordinary case1. a woman would be charged ' with adultery, and she either defended It or ' did not appear. If she defended It. and de nied the charge, she wasc-alled as a witness to disprove It It she could; but here they had ad missions made outside the court, verbal and written, and also had the woman coming into court, and swearing she had' committed adul- : tery over and over again, under circumstances which' she detailed. She had confessed her guilt outside the court, if they believed her and Mr. Coningham. She admitted It -In .the let ter of June 13, and In the witness-box on her oath she said she was guilty, and that the guilt took place with Dr. O'Haran. There was a well-known case In England, In which a jury found that a woman had committed adultery with a respondent, bu© that the co-respondent did not do so with her. There was evidence of outside admissions agalnBt the , respondent, but they Were not evidence against the co-respondent. This I was the celebrated case' in which Sir Charles i Dlllto was concerned. He referred the Jury "to another, in which a woman wrote a num ber of Incriminating statements In a diary, and the question arose whether they wore to be taken as confessions, or whether they were the outpourings of a woman who, owing. ; to illness — she was a patient In an establish" i ment — or owing to some other considerations, : had written down the most fanciful- ideas. | The evidence tended to Bhow how women were . often subject to hallucinations. His Honor I que ted from Sir Alexander Cockb'jrn on the dangers of collusion, and the neces?lty of I guaiding against any sinister motives. It I was the duty of a court, sal,d that dlstlngu.3h- I ed authority, to use tli utmost caution In i giving effect to statements of '.li lt kini, I meaning women's confessions. Another point was that while a co-respondent had legally no Interest In a case In which there were only the admissions of the woman — which | operated against herself alone — yet socially and morally he had the deepest Interest In I the result. In this case, however, as he had | said, the co-respondent was-more concerned, as the respondent's evidence was against him, for whatever It might be, worth. If all doubt of her evidence being genuine evidence were removed, and, remembering all things/the jury could conscientiously and to their own satisfaction come to the conclusion that she was a witness of truth, they could find a verdict, though she stood alone and was absolutely, unsupported. The evidence of one witness, believing that witness to be a .witness of truth, could be relied, upon by the Jury as more Important and more valu able -than the evidence of 20, 30, or 60 wit nesses whom the Jury, might not consider re liable. Everybody must see, who had had experience as jurymen, or In the courts of law, that the rules and principles of common law, were founded upon sense and reason. They lenew, as men of the world, In dealing with affairs .of everyday occurrences, that they could trust one man, although he stood alone," and not another, though he was sup ported' by 20 people. It might. he In this par ticular case that the Jury would come, to the conclusion that. Mrs. Coningham doe3 not stand altogether unsupported. . He had told them that, according to law, If she stood absolutely unsupported, they could re turn a verdict upon both of these Issues for the petitioner If they believed her to be A witness of truth, and, remembering the Im portance of this case, and Its very 'serious consequences, they were, satisfied In their own consciences and their own minds that she was speaking the truth. There .were circumstances In the case which had been re lied upon. Did those circumstances amount to arty corroboration ? As far as lie could remember the circumstances— and they would be for their consideration— which it' was suggested would tend to strengthen the testimony of this respondent were two or three. There was the photograph, which, "according to the evidence of the petitioner— and they had to say whether th'ey believed him or not in this part of the case — was found In respondent's box on the 22nd or 23rd of JJay of this year.. .In the box where she kept her clothes was found the photo graph. and these two little things. The pho tograph had Initials upon it, not written upon the white part where he who ran might read;— "D. F. O'H., 2/10/'98." Mr. Want had said the photograph had been blotted, blotting paper having been put upon It. His Honor referred to Ills having asked the co-respondent to write upon two . photographs, and these would hnvq to be considered by the Jury. Her version was that Dr. O'Haran gave her that, photograph on one of the occasions on which adultery was alleged to have been committed. It was said that co-respondent went Into the ofilce and came back to her in .the hall, and gave her back the photo. In the piece ofpaper in which It was wrapped. As he had said be fore, if there were other people in the office, as he says there- were, working with him, one would think, perhaps, that If they wore able some of these people would be called to corro borate him. Further, he says that people were out in the hall when she asked him to write" his name upon it, or a dedication/or whatever it was. None of these people had been called. Why? It might be. Inasmuch as a great number of people were in the habit., of going- to St.. Mary's to ar range for baptisms, and such calls, or something - of - the kind, and wait ing about .the hall, it would be utterly Impossible for Dr. O'Haran to say who ' was there. - And as to the people In the room with whom he was .working, probably that also wns a circumstance to .which.no attention had been given, not knowing that anything like this would follow. The explanation by Dr. O'Haran was absolutely contradicted by her. If it were purchased In the ordinary way, and if he simply put his Initials upon It, as he says he did! why was It but In. her box? Why not have put It upon the mantelpiece, or In n frame,- so that anyone might sea It? They had only Mrs. Conlngham's word that it had been put In the box so that he could not see It. .The piece of paper In which the photograph was said to have been wrapped was not pro duced. It might or might not have helped the jury. Did It or did It not bear any name? Dr. O'Haran admitted having given a harp to the-respondont the night he wns introduced . He said he unpinned it from his- coat; and .there was the fact, which ; might be worth something, as to the second harp. She said he gave it to her on an occasion of their al leged sin. If a man acted improperly with a woman the jury might understand him giving an initialled photo., but why this harp, which could be got anywhere. Still, no doubt the value'ot a gift did not consist of Its pecuniary value, and as Shakespeare had written, "Rich gifts Wax poor when givers prove unkind." Dr. O'Haran said he had given photographs to other ladles. -When he (his Honor) said the other day that he preferred the expression "men and women" to "ladles and gentlemen," he did not mean to reflect; upon the women who attended the Cathedral. He simply pre ferred the expression. A plvoto. given by Dr. O'Haran ton Miss had been produced, but there was no suggestion of Impropriety with her. Mrs. Coningham had admitted her guilt. She was In -the habit of attending the church, and' she said Dr. O'Haran seduced her, and almost forced her. There was a case In -which a woman, was called to prove Impropriety who was not the wife of the petitioner, hut who.was called to admit her own impropriety. The Judge-Oi'dlnary reported that the case was one for judicial separation. In England a woman could not get a divoree for . adul tery, but must prove cruelty or de sertion, or something In addition- to adultery. The Judge-Ordinary said that the female witness was of loose' character, and she swore that there was constant Intimacy between herself and the respondent. In that cose and In the present one there were seve ral points of similarity. The Judge-Ordinary referred to the seriousness' of a judicial se paration. How much more serious, -then/was- the present case, where divorce was sought. He (his Honor) sat four times a year, and each time there were about 70' cases, and hf: supposed 00 decrees nisi were granted. With a jury sitting here he, as judge, was trying, not to form and noi to express any opinion. The' responsibility rested with the Jury, and he was thankful that it was so. His duty wa3 to declare the' law, and to point out the facts. In the case he had been quoting the Judge- Ordinary, referring to the female -witness, said, "If I were forced to come to a conclu sion on her evidence alone I must find In the affirmative if she gave her evidence In ' a way that afforded no grounds to spspect her credulity." In the same way here 'could the jury say that the case. had been proved In a way that left no reasonable grounds of doubt. There must be a verdict for the pe titioner or for the respondent; There was no half-way house, no verdict of "not proven," in our law. Mr. Want said he did not want Dr. O'Haran to escape by the "skin of his teeth," to use a Scriptural expression,' al though he did not know how It was that Mr. Want knew It was Scriptural. Someone must huve told him. Mr. Want: I took a prize for theology once. \- If, his Honor eontlnued/tlie Jury thought there wns no reasonable doubt of. thot guilt of the respondent and the co-respondent, it was their duty to find a verdict for the peti tioner. His Honor quoted from the English ease of Cloccl v. Ciocei, where the wife asked for judicial separation, and the defenos was that when the respondent saw the other wp- man it was owing to a desire for their, re formation In accordance with the principles of a society to which he belonged. There, wns always a presumption of innocence, and be fore conviction a jury must be satisfied, as reasonable men, that an accused' was guilty.' The jury need' not be absolutely certain, which wns Impossible without ocular proof. The law did not require certainty, but mere- . ly required that Jurors, exercising the facul ties God had given them, should feel satisfied as reasonable men. Were they satisfied hero? Could they say that as men of honour and of conscience they .were satisfied of the alleged guilt, or was there n doubt, which pre vented them feeling satisfied? This was a case ' ho thought, in which it was Impossible to find against the respondent without finding against the co-respondent. It would be Just as serious for him If they found only against the respondent as If they found ugalnst him directly. Coming to the question of damages, his Honor said that not a penny need neces sarily reach tlxe petitioner. Subject to appeal the power was with his Honor. But that was a question which need not trouoie 4ho jury. -As they know, Mr. M9»a ha4 rented from tha case, arid whether he was right or wrong was not for the jury or himself to say. It was a serious step for an a,8-riiey to take. He only referred to this because the private de tective had said he had followed Mr. Coning ham to that gentleman's office. As hl3 Honor had said at the lime, why shouldn't lie-.go? Then, as had been said. If this lauy had said she declined to answer questions, she could not have been pressed. It was not clear that she. knew that Bhe might have declined to an swer, but there had been no attempt on her part to take advantage of any privilege she possessed. Condonation had not been set up. if she had, and hud proved It, although the Issues had been found ih favour of petitioner— all the issues against Dr. O'Haran and the respondents-petitioner would not have got one penny damages. The law was that If, In the opinion of the court, there had been condonation, even though the adul tery was- proved, the : petition should be dismissed. His Honor then pro ceeded to deal with the ma.li facts of the case. The Cardinal had said that- Dr. O'Haran, since the case started, had been performing his duties "with more honour than 'ever." He alluded to- It because It did not follow that If thp jury, found .against Dr. O'Haran the Cardinal would remove him from his po-' slllon. The Cardinal might say that not withstanding the verdict of the jury he be lieved ill the Innocence of Dr. O'Haran, ahd would not degrade him ' further. His Honor referred to ' a wild charge made many years ago by a woman against a clergyman In Eng land, and also to a charge made by a woman against a Sydney doctor. There was another case of 'a gentleman who liad resided at the Australian Club, and who foolishly paid mo ney, to blackmailers. But If the Jury believ ed the evidence of Mrs. Copmgham, It did not matter for all the Church of, Rome, and If an Anglican clergyman had been concerned the same would luive applied 'to that Church. A. 'question had been raised; as to absolution, arid there was no doubt that If what the peti tioner.: said was true," If there was such a doctrine In the Church of Rome, it was most dreadful. . Could tney believe that In any Church' there could be a dootrlne by which a man could' commit adultery- on the Monday, confess, .and receive absolution on Friday, and then go into a witness-box and swear he had never committed adultery at all, because, he had been absolved. And yet that was "what the petitioner said was the doctrine of the Church of Rome.. Div O'Haran said, there- was no such doctrine. The Jury would re member that Father Crqcgan brought Ills own little Bible to be sworn on. while the Cardi nal, Dr. O'Haran,' arid Father Byrne. klsSed the Protestant Bible.- Still, Dr. O'Haran said that the latter oath, was binding on the con science, although the Catholic Bible was pre ferred. Father C'reegan was asked whether after absolution It was considered . there had been, no -sin.. The witness said "No," but that- seemed i-irdly consistent with Dr. O'Hnran's siu cement. The co-respondent said, his Honor believed, that If a man got absolution in the Church of Rome, and the s;n was forgiven, it was wiped out. "Though your sins be ris' scarlet, they shall be white as snow." But between the two Churches there was, In the estimation of 'some people, a difference on the question' of absolution by a priest. If they read the pas sages in the English Prayer Book fpr the Visitation of the Sick they would see that if the sick man were moved to make a con-, l'ession the priest wns to say, "I absolve thee from all tliy sins: In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Ho supposed that absolution was founded on the Injunc tions of the Saviour toI- IlsApostles.but he was not on -the bench to express hl9 own opinions. Having quoted from the evidence concerning the doctrine of the Church of Rome as to the forgiveness of sin. his Honor asked If there was anything wrong with that. Was It not the doctrine- of their own Church, the doctrine of Christianity? . If a sin were forgiven it was blotted out, of course. It would be a dreadful thing, if God forgave a sin, if It was not so, "Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall, be white as snow." It' would be a sad thing for this country If "a Jury were to declare and hold that a man who committed a sin could come Into the box and call God to wit ness that he never committed a sin without cummlttlug a very grievous pin- In so swear ing. He had heard people say that they would not believe a word an Irishman said, no mat ter what religion he was; ' and he had heard people sav -they would, not believe a word" a Roman Catholic said. "If I might be permitted to say It," said his Honor, "I have had Roman Catholic servants most of my life. I dane say some of -you- have;, too. And .as long as they go to confession, and are good Catho lics, my experience has been that I can place absolute reliance upon them as far as hon- usty arid Integrity Is concerned, and as far as tiuthf ulness Is concerned. But If they are bad Catholics, and don't go to confession, and don't go to their duty, beware of them. That'3 what 1 havia been told by personal friends of mine.'? If, his. Honor proceeded, the jury believed the evidence' of the Rev. Father Pe ter Byrne, of Mr. Baxter, Miss Johnstone, Mrs. Atock, Miss Abeam, and Mrs. Holllng- dale. and. If they thought . those wltneBS.es could speak with sufficient certainty to justify them In -relying upon the evidence, did it not follow that this alleged offence— -not of adul tery but the kissing and the turning down of the gas at the commencement of thlB love-maltlng or intimacy, could not have taken place on that day? The court at 6,45 p,ni. adjourned till the lol- lowing morning. . 