Muttaburra Hams. I «> I I FROM OUB OWN COBRRBPONDENT. Ait the indications for tain mentioned in | my last passed away without affording any relief, and since then, the days have been fine and Bultry, with cool nights. Sunday last was a very disagreeable day, as a strong south- westerly wind was blowing, raising clouds of dost. Flies are very troublesome, and a lot of the youngsters are suffering from swelling blight. The regular monthly meeting of the Muttaburra Hospital Committee was held in the Court House on Wednesday, the 12th September. The members present were:-Messrs. Gorrie (chairman), Putney, Maskell, Bennett, de Bobaulx, the surgeon, and secretary. The minutes of the pre vious meeting were read and confirmed, the inward correspondence received and the outward endorsed. It was proposed by Mr. Putney, seconded by Mr. Bennett, and carried," That the system of book-keeping, as suggested by the Inspector of Charitable Institutions be adopted, and that the secre tary procure the necessary books. Dr. Dixon applied for one week's leave of absence is October. This was granted, provided the condition of the patients in the hospital warranted it. The doctor's report was read and adopted. It showed that, daring the month of August, four i patients were admitted, two discharged, I and four remained in the hospital. There 1 were two deaths, namely, John Young and J. Ward. It was proposed by Mr. de j Robaulx, and seconded by Mr. Putney, "That an inventory be taken of all the furniture, &c;,, in the hospital, and that J the secretary see Mr. Bishop and enquire I what he would charge for same, and that the secretary procure a rubber stamp for the use of the hospital." This was carried. The monthly accounts, amounting to .£85 19s. lOd. were passed for payment, on the motion of Mr. de Bobauls, seconded by Mr. Maakell. Donations for the month were: - Feacewood shearers and rouse, abouts, JB2 15s.; received per A. Cowan, £2 117s* 6d.; Curator of Intestate Estates, £3 5s.; Brookwood station, £6 10s.; B. M. J. Gilmore, £2; N. Anrek, £2. Messrs. Bailey, Maakell, and de Bobaulx were appointed a visiting committee for the ensing month. This closed the business of the meeting. The children's picnic committee having disposed of the swing rope for ten shillings, and paid all outstanding accounts, have on hand a credit balance of five shillings, wbich they have kindly donated to the Sunday schools prize fund. *' It never rains but it pours." Last week we only had one butcher, now there are three. Mr. W. H. Langdon opened on Monday in the premises lately occupied by Messrs. H. F. Bennett & Co. The latter have started a new shop adjoining Tatter sail's Hotel. Mr. B. C. Lloyd, of the Bine Gate, has also started, and gave his first "delivery this morning. He is, I am told, charging 3Jd. per lb., the others 4d. We are now praying that the opposition may continue. Mr. T. Willett yesterday morning got on a young horse he was breaking in, when the brute started bucking, and finally bolted and ran into the wire fence sur rounding the lemonade factory. The col lision turned the animal completely over, and the wonder is that the rider was not killed. He, however, escaped with a frac tured shoulder. The horse was not injured. At the Police Court on Thurday last, one drunk was fined 10s. A slaughtering license was granted to W. H. Langdon. The stock passings for the week were 4000 sheep bound for Oalmore, Coupland in charge, Fairfax owner. We lrnd a nice shower of rain this after noon, sufficient to lay the dust. As the weather is very close and muggy, we expect some wet weather before morning. Muttaburra, 19th September, 1900. The weather for the past week has been changeable. On last Thursday morning we had a light Bhower of rain, and all that day it was very cloudy, with close, moggy heat. We were expecting some heavy showers, but nothing came of it. Since then the days have been beautifully fine and the nights cold enough to make blankets very acceptable. Our Tennis Club seems to have given up the ghost, and no one is seen playing at the court now. Just like Muttaburra! Very enthusiastic at the commencement of any thing, but it's " don't care a hang" after wards. Two loads of the bore plant arrived here , last Saturday, and the carriers have gone back for the balance. For the past five weeks a number of; school children have been rehearsing " Pina fore" with a view of giving a performance next week in aid of the local hospital. Messrs. EdkinB, Campbell & Co. bave leased a large portion of Mount Cornish, and are now putting sheep on it. Stock Passings-On Sunday 6000 wethers from Shirley to Mount Cornish, EdkinB, Campbell & Co. owners, J. Harrington in charge. To-day 6000 mixed sheep, Mr. M'Nally, owner, in charge. This lot ii from some selection down the Thompson Biver, and are travelling for grass and water, Mattaburra, 2Gth September, 1900, 