A GHOST ON BOARD WEIRD STORY BY A MATE. * 'Apropos of the tules told by sailors, prob ably thp most weird is that of the mate of the Dutch barque Burgemeiuter Jouklieer Col nan. Jacob Springbraken is the narrator of the,singular story, which he lately told toan interviewer as follows : — • " You notice that my hair is grey, but I nm only 30 years old. When I tell you all that happened one awful nijjht on thc.Scholdt.just ten years ago, you will understand why it should be so. • Tobcgin with, although Iwas so young a man, I was a captain. My father was a prosperous ship-broker, and X waB a twin. My brother cared nothing about the sea, but' to follow it was iny*'sole aim in life,, My. brother was gentle, and of a delicate consti tution. tie was decided on to be the successor to the business, while X was placed at sea be fore the mast when in my 20th year. ' " Aftersix years X secured command of the Fraulpin^Vorheea.. She was an old, un seaworthy brie, but she was all my own, and I made many happy voyages in, -hicr through the waters of N orthfirn Europe.. " On the night of which. I am about to speak, I had juBt made port from a prosper ous run through the porta of the Low Countries. - "The Fraulein made the roads of the Scheldt about ten o'clock at night. I told the crow we would not land that night, and as they were very tired, they agreed. " As for myself, I remained on deck for half an hour later, looking > towards the shore. The house in which I lived with my father, mother, and brother was in plain view from the ship. I looked at it and won dered why it was all lighted up so long after their usual hour of retiring. For a mo ment X was half tempted to take a boat and • go on shore. "But X went down the cabin stairs. Scarcely had X reached my room when my presentiment returned. "I set a tray of brandy peaches on the table and lit a big stone pipe. | SilASHING BLOW AT AN INTRUDER. " While I smoked I thought of home. I hadn't Been my brother for a year, and I won dered how he would greet me. It may have been because we were twins, but we were always closer together somehow than most brothers. " So thinking, I must have fallen asleep. Suddenly a cold oppressive chill seemed to seize my very heart. The ship clock on the wall showed tho time—11.5Q p.m. The lamp had burnt dim. Then I realised tht»t some one else was in the room. A figure was seated in that chair, just as you are now. . I could see his face distinctly, but his eyes had an expression of mute saduess. Horror seized me—horror indescribable. With a vio lent effort I shook off the hallucination. " Grasping the pipe which lay on the floor beside me, I Btruck the intruder a terrific blow on the head. A plaintive groan sounded through tho apartment, and the spell was over. The moonlight streamed through tho stern window into the cabin,and I saw it was empty, but there was a big dent in the floor where the pipe had struck. The fcowl was broken. " I went up on deck, and to my surprise saw that our house was still lit up bifehtly. There seemed much confusion. iorms could be- Eeen flitting past the windows, and all was excitement. " Thoroughly alarmed. I called the watch and had the boat lowered. In a jiffy we pulled through tho moonlit water, and in ten minutes I was knocking at-the door of the home. "JACOB MY BROTHER." ' My mother opened it. She fell upon my shoulder and exclaimed between her sobs:—» " ' Oh, Jacob, Hans is dead. Ho longed for yonr coming, but he passed away a few minutes before twelve. tie knew you were in the bay. Why didn't you come ashore?' " And then thoy told me a strange story Hans was seized with a sudden illneBS on tho morning of that very day. They told him the Kraulcin Yoorhees would soon be in, but ho replied that he would never see me again. At 10.30, tho timo when I had imagined I was asleep in the cabin of the brig, he had fallen into a deep coma. And then, at 11.50 p.m., at the very moment when I had brought that cursed pipe down with crushing force upon tho head of the apparition of my dreams, ho suddenly aroused,' and. crying aloud. "''Oh, my God, Jacob, my, brother,' ho died." 