notes from various sources The publication of Sir Charles Warren's Diary, kept by him during his travels in the TransA-aal and its neighborhood in 1877, is continued in the February number ot "Good Words," tinder the title of From the Diamond Fields to Delagoa iiay. In the Steel Port Valley, near Leydenburg (Trans a-aal), he visited the homestead of Mr. Grob- ler, a Boer farmer, of Avhom he relates the folloAving anecdote: — "The ease of Grobler during the last a\\-ar is one of those Avliich shoAV that the Boer of the Transvaal has not degenerated to the extent generally sup posed, and that they are often possessed of great personal courage. The Kaffirs say that in defending their homesteads they are like tigers. He did not leave his homestead dur ing the Avar, and his AvindoAvs are still block ed up aa-itb brick. M. Franclc gave the fol- loAving account of him: — The Kaffirs, amounting to over 100, came and drove oil his cattle. M. Grobler, on hearing this, called for his horse and started off Avitli his tA\"o young sons, one of them quite a hoy. He is a short heaA-y man, and can ride Avith difficulty. On coming Avithin long range of the Kaffirs he commenced firing, and so con tinued to pursue, the Kaffirs returning his fire. But he had accuracy of aim on his side, and after knocking over 10 Kaffirs the remainder fled, and he brought hack his cattle in triumph; after that he Avas no fur ther molested." Mr. R. J." Haldane, Q.C., M.P., recently addressed tho Scottish luav Society in Edinburgh University oa"tho House of Lords and Privy Council' as Supreme Tri bunals of the Empire. Alluding- to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, he said that such spirit of fearless justice as aa-as manifested there aa-as something aa-liich Britons could boast of to- day. He contended that the Judicial Committee of PriA-y Council and of the House of Lords might a-ery eusily, Avitliout substantial change in practice, be made identical, form ing one great tribunal. Sueli change Avould' bring about a desirable measure of Impe rial federation, as the three Colonial luav Lords Avould sit in the House of Lords for all purposes, and aa-ould ho the spokesmen vi that House of tho people they represen ted. They Avould form a nucleus of a non party element in the House of Lords, au element the introduction of Avhich might ho the precursor of further changes in tliat House. (Cheers and laughter.) In the ad ministration of justice and in the existence of that great but scantily recognised tri bunal, they had one of the most, real bonds that could hold together the distant parts of the Queen's dominions. )f Ave may helicA-c one of the audience at tho Na\\-y League meeting at Rottingdean, Avhereat Mr. Kipling, made a speech, the author is not built for an orator. "When," aa-rites his hearer, "he shoAved faee in the schoolroom — it aa-as croAvded — his Rptting- dean neighbors cheered iiim mightily, and he blushed like a great kid. When he got up oil the platform to speak lie aa-as as aa-hitc as a ghost. He had evidently learned his little speech off by heart, and spun it out at a terrific rate. Of course that aa-as nervousness. It struck me that lie felt that if he Avere to hesitate he aa- ould be lost. . Tho Big Englanders will never get Kipling as a platform spoutcr. He'd collapse at the end of his third mooting. After he had done speaking he jumped off the platform, and for five minutes or so sat. fidgeting 111 his chair; then suddenly he picked up his over coat, slung it on his arni, and bolted from the schoolroom as if somebody had yelled 'The roof's giving Avay!' So lie never heard the professional Navy League iecturer— and he didn't miss much. I should mention that, , while making his speech, .Kipling gazed fix edly OA;ei- the. heads of the .audience: ht a- lahtevn' stuck on the Avail, and liiiver liioved either his head or hands. He: spent the afternoon decorating the schoolroom With flags, hunting, &c.;, but I -can't sny much for ilis decorative taste; the stuff Avas strung across and across in the crudest aa-ay. The Rottingdean folk scent to be \\-ery fond of him." If half aa-e hear be true, Avireless tele graphy lias a bright future in the States, -the experiments made by Mr. Nikola Tcsla on one of tho high mountains in Colorado hav ing convinced him, according to a Neiv York reA-icAV, that not only will he soon be able to communicate Avitli the Paris Exhibition hut Avitli every city in the Avorld. He says that his terminals will be free from extra neous disturbances, and lie hopes to attain a speed of 1500 to 2000 Avords per minute. He is noAV stated to be Arorking at, the still greater problem of transmission" of poAA-er aa-itliout -Ai-ires, and although avo Avish him every success in his aa-ork, avo are not quite so sanguine as the distinguished professor in either l-espect. "Trusts" have been , made out of many commodities, but aa-e neA-cr expected tlie Bible aa-ould bo included among these. , Yet so it is. The. American publishers of the Bible, including the Oxford editions, aa-e are told by a Lallan telegram,. are forming a trust, and a rise in prices from'I5 to 25 per cent, is expected. "Blessed is the maii," said the Psalmist,. "aviio maketh the Lord his trust," little thinking of the neAV mean ing some day to be attached to the term. 'The diminution of the death rate from typhoid due to efficient- filtration is strik ingly illustrated by- tlie report' of the Mas sachusetts State Board of Health for 1898, Avliich siioavs that in the city of Laurence tlie deaths have decreased from 13 per 10,000 of the inhabitants to 1.39 per 10,000 in fiA-e years.. In the latter part of 1893 the filter plant aa-as first started, and the l-eatli rate at once fell from a total of 47—60, Avithin Avhich limits it had varied for the previous five years, to 30, equal to 8 per 10,000 of population. In the folloAA-ing year, the first' in Avhich the plant aa-bs fully at aa-ork, the total deaths fell to 24, equal to 4.75 per 10,000 inhabitants, and eA-er since the death rate lias steadily fallen, until in 1898 there Avere only 8 deaths, equal to 1.39 per 10,000. 