CHAPTER Xn. HAS THE 1>EAD RISEN ? ivLaaa.me onvera sung ner sweetest I notes. She swayed men’s hearts as the i wind bends boughs and leaves. She threw upon each one present a spell that only genius can cast around her, yet never once did Esther Bruce look upon the stage—never once did her eyes wan der from the dark face in Lord Damar’s box. Of course it was all nonsense; Paul Lynne lay dead, sleeping in the far Australian plains; but she loved him so dearly, and there was something in this stranger’s face so like him, that looking at him was pleasure mingled with sharpest pain. All the brilliant present faded from her—the opera house, the brilliant lights, the beauti ful women—she wras a girl again in her father’s house, and Paul Lynne ever' at her side. She would have liked, just for once, to have spoken to the stran ger, to have heard, his voice, if it- was like that of her dead love; then she smiled sadly to herself. The grave does not give up its dead; those who fall asleep know no waking. She smiled more sadly still as she thought of the contrast between this man and the man she loved. This stranger was a gentleman, whereas Paul Lynne had lost his life in hard, laborious toil; the stranger was dressed in style and fashion suitable to his rank. On one finger of his left hand shone a diamond ring of inestim able value. He was here in attendance I upon one of the most brilliant women in London. Paul Lynne never wore daimonds, neither was his place among the great and wealthy. How foolish was she to dream, yet she dreamed on, never taking her eyes from that dark face, heedless of every thing going on around her. • “ 1 should like to know his name,” she thought; “ it would be a real pleasure for me to know who it is that resembles Paul Lynne. I should like to see him agairf, too. The years fall from me as I look at that face.” The curtain fell. Esther saw the beautiful lady rise, as though she were weary. She saw the gentleman whom she had watched so eagerly advance hastily and offer his arm, which the lady proudly waved from her. She caught the gleam of the jewels, the flash of the dark eyes, the sheen of the rich dress, as they passed slowly out of the box. “Who is that?” asked Esther to an old gentleman who sat next her, “the lady just leaving that box.” “That,” said tne old man, quite proud of her appeal, “is the Lady Blanche Damar, daughter of Lord Damar, the old gentleman with her.”: ' “Thank you,” said Esther, somewhat ashamed of her abrupt appeal. “ Now can you tell me who the young gentle man is—the one just opening the box door for her?” \- “I am fortunate,” said the old man with a smile, “ for I know that gentle man also. He is Sir Alan Aynsley, of .Carsdale, just come into possession of a large fortune. He was in the office of my employers this morning.” “ Thank you,” said Esther again, and she repeated over and over to herself the name, Alan Aynsley, yet could not remember how and where she had heard it before. “I am afraid, Miss Bruce,” said her companion, as their cab drove off, “you have not enjoyed yourself. You look more as though you had been looking at ghosts than seeing a splendid opera.” “I have*enjoyed myself in my own way,” replied Esther. “Lady Belmont is very kind,” con tinued Mrs. Hope. “It is not every great lady like her who would care to remember how much her nursery gover ness likes music. You may really think 3'ourself very fortunate to be so kindly thought of. Here we are at Belmont House; you will get out and I will go on home.” Esther, with a start, thanked her kindly; she had been in a deep reverie and bad not heard Mrs. Hope’s kindly meant conversation. “ It is very good of you to go out with me,” she said. “ I am so passionately fond of music, yet I could not go out alone; and I have no relation, no friend in all the wide world. If it were not for you I should be obliged to spend the long evenings by myself.” “I. am pleased to be of service to you,” said the old lady; “whenever you wish to go anywhere let me know.” “I will not fail,” said Esther. “Good night; I shall dream. of Madame Sil vera.” She went rapidly up the broad flight of marble steps that led to the magni ficent mansion where Lady Belmont re sided. The hall porter, as he opened the door, spoke familiarly to her, and Esther Bruce passed - him with the wounded dignity of an injured queen. ■ The large house seemed almost de serted. True, it was brilliantly light ed; but my. Lord and Lady Belmont had gone to k grand ball, and were not expected to return until in the early hours of the morning. The chil dren had retired to their rest and the servants were enjoying themselves in their own quarters. Esther went wearily up the long, broad staircase, past corri dor after corridor. Usually she walked with a light step and' a light heart, but to-night she was not herself; the face in the opera box had unnerved her. As she passed' by the suite of rooms set aside for the use of the children she went in to look at them. The little girl, Constance, her favourite pupp, lay fast asleep. Harry, the incarnation of all mischief, and heir to the house of Belmont, had evidently gone to sleep against his will; the rosy arms were still raised in protest, the golden curls tangled with the last struggle with his Esther walked. cjuietly through the nursery. Good, kindly Nurse Heaton sat there, with the last arrival in her stout arms. “ Good evening, Miss Bruce,” she said, “I hope you have enjoyed your-i self!” . . “Very much,” replied the girl with a smile. She reached her own room at last, where Nurse Heaton’s thought had prepared everything for her—a _ small fire, for the evening was chilly, ‘and a nice little supper, comfortably placed i on the stand. But Esther Bruce heed- I ed neither. She fastened the door and then sat down, never ‘ removing even the cloak from her shoulders—sat down to think and to dream. The strong, passionate heart vibrated yet. The sight of a face so like that of her dead love had set her blood aflame. The dark, lustrious eyes were full of fire; a red flush burned on her cheek. She sat some time, her face resting on her hands, then paced restlessly up and down the room. “My love! my love!” cried the girl, “why cannot I forget you? Even from the grave you call me to you; dead you haunt me as you did living. I think of you, long for you and forget the arms are cold, the lips silent. I forget the dark valley between us. Ah! why can I not die or cease to suffer ? Is it given to other women to love as I love, suffer as I suffer, to lose as I have lost? They smile and dance and sing; they are crowned with flowers, I with thorns. Why should I he more con stant than they ? The man I loved was not false; he is dead. Men are false to them, yet they laugh, while I—oh, my God!—my life is one long sigh and you know it!” She struck her white hands passion ately together; she fell- on her knees with a low moan. “Why'cannot I forget?” she cried again.. “ Woman forget the children they bear, men the wives who have died on their hearts, yet I cannot for get him. Had I.died first and he had stood over my grave and called me, I must have heard him. I could not have slept even while his footstep strayed in the long grass. Why cannot I forget him? Are old stories true? Free from his body does he see me, hear me, hover round me—torturing me, day and night, with thoughts of him?” Her words died away in passionate weeping. She laid her face down on the ground, trying to stifle the little sobs that would not be checked even as she lay there. There was something grand and terrible in the tragic aban donment of her sorrow. Ordinary women would have comfort ed themselves, wiped away their tears, stirred the fire, partaken languidly of the little luncheon with resigned little sayings and apt quotations. Esther did none of these tilings. She lay there until the strength to weep left her and she slept from sheer exhaustion. It. was not the first night _ Esther Bruce had spent in -fighting with her sorrow. It was an old story now, yet never grew wearisome. Her grief was as fresh as on the morning when the letter and paper came,- telling her Paul Lynne was dead. _ She was different to others, inasmuch as she had known so little love and tenderness. Esther Bruce did hot re member her mother. Her father was kind and indulgent, but did not under stand demonstrations; it never en tered his mind to kiss his motherless child, to caress, her fair head, as other fathers do. He was proud of her, fond of her, keeping her all to himself; but of tender human love she never knew until Paul Lynne wooed her and asked her to he his wife. All the passionate love of her great, strong heart was lavished on him; not in gentle words and timid looks, but in grand, stormy raptures, that used to Frighten while they delighted-him. Poor child! She worshipped him, giving every fibre of her heart to him. He was the world to her, the centre of all her thoughts and hopes. Then came the' terrible time of their ruin, when Paul and her father stood dismayed,. penniless and without re source. The still more terrible time of her father’s death followed, and, hut for I Paul, she was left alone in the world. They could not marry, for they had | nothing in all the world. Then came the English lady’s offer, and Paul urged her to accept it,' saying he himself meant to go to Australia and work hard there for a few years, and when he had made a home he would come and fetch her to share it. She had worked hard, so hard, to re ceive approbation from her employers. She studied sometimes the long night through. The lady, Mrs. Henderson, with whom she lived; told her friends’ what a treasure she had in her young governess, and Lady. -Belmont, hearing of her merits and wanting a nursery governess, offered her,the position. She accepted it gladly, because of the large ly increased salary. Esther had saved money; no one hut .herself knew what economies she had practised, what pri vations she had endured, never think ing of the present, but dreaming, as the little store increased, of the far off home for which she could now take so many comforts. She lived on hopes. People admired her—she never knew it. There were many men looking at her piquant face and ripe, scarlet lips, dark eyeS.and fair hair, who longed to woo and win her. She had no h^rt, no hopes, thought or wishes save those centered in Paul Lynne. He wrote to her by every mail, and the days the letters came were Esther’s gala days. She wore her prettiest dresses, her brightest rib bons on them. She knew Otana from his description. He had told her also of Alan Wayne. She. peopled , the soli tudes around him. She believed she knew how the birds sang in the trees and what colour were the flowers that grew near the little hut where he lived. She had never thought of losing him, her love was so great that the wide ocean rolling between them, the years they must wait; seemed as nothing to her. In her blindness she would have cried out at the. idea of death striking down the strong man she loved. Love with-her was eternal, and she forgot its object was but mortaL (To he continued.) The two men had talked for a time in the train.' “Are you going to hear Barkins lecture to-night?” said one. “Yes,” returned the other. “Take my advice, and don’t. I hear that.he is an awful bore.” “I must go,” said the other; “I!m Barkins.” I It is much easier to be polite and j neighbourly than to fly into a passion when things don’t suit you. Take this ! note, for instance, adressed by d lady ; to a woman who lived next door:' j “Dear Madam, Your children, who are | numerous and appear to he disorderly; j no doubt deserve the frequent floggings , you give them; but,-as my nerves- are weak, I write this to ask if you can deaden the Bound.” 