FLATLOCK’S GHOST. ‘‘Do you believe in gliosis. Bill r” The man thus addressed paused for a moment, as though doubtful whether to express an opinion either one way or tho other upon the subject, aud . re j plied: “Can't say. Hookey, for I've never | yet sce’d one. Anyhow, I ain’t agoin’ ! to say that there arc no such things, J for I know of more’n one honest and j sober man who can spin some uncanny yarns about the- spooks lie has met I with ; and. I know they wouldn’t lie I about the ghosts any inorc’n you or I i would lie; but I’d just as soon sec a spectre with my own eyes before I toll you that I believe in the spirit busi ness.'’ This guarded reply seemed to satisfy Hookey, who lit his pipe, and took several hard draws before lie resumed the conversation. "Well, mate, the fact of the matter is this—blit, first of all, you must promise to keep mum. for I’ve got, a good thing ou. and we can work it to gether if yon like, only the secret must remain between you and me only.” Bill, who scented a paying job in prospect, promised his chum to observe the strictest secrecy, and waited for further particulars of the matter under consideration. To convey an impression .of the gravity and importance of the com munication he was about to make, Hookey smoked slowly and abstracted ly for several moments before ho con descended to gratify the rapidly-in creasing curiosity of his companion. "Do you know old Johnson’s shanty which stands two fields beyond the al lotments—the place with the big gar den and the walnut-trees:'” Bill replied in the affirmative. 1 "Well." resumed Hookey, evidently doubtful whether he inis' doing the right thing in parting with the infor mation, "t'ye had my eye on that property for some, little time. There’s a big mystery connected with the place which wo ought to clear up. Ton know how attached old Johnson seems to his garden, and what an interest he has always taken in his crops: hut now the plots appear to he going to the dogs, and the old chap, no doubt, is getting too1 infirm to look after things like he used to. Then, perhaps, if you go hack several years, you will remem ber that it was in the same house that old Flallock, the miser, shelled out, and he. too. was a hit of a. riddle. He raked in a pretty heavy haul of the pieces while he was at it, aud people did say. after the funeral, that it was not a. little surprising that the old screw left such a small sum for the ad ministrators to divide out. .Now. I can see through the game, and, with a little assistance. I reckon to get at Flatlock’s hoard without liis represen tatives getting wind of the affair.” "What!” exclaimed, Bill, with a greedy expression of countenance. "Do yeti mean to say you’ve hit on an old | stocking up the chimney, or have you come across any missing papers?" "Not exactly that.” responded Hookey, with a knowing wink: "hut I've got a pretty good hint that there's a game worth playing on Johnson’s gar den if we take on the job before it’s too late.” The eyes of the other man sparkled as he guessed the meaning of his eh inn's somewhat disjointed and obscure re marks. and he asked whether the mat ter under discussion was known to any besides themselves. “Xot a suspieidu ; there's no one be sides you and I in the: swim.” ’•.How did you get wind of the affair, then; have you been round Johnson’s garden and scented the coin ?” .Hookey winced as he listened to the question put by his fricud; and an in voluntary shudder seemed to pass through him as he replied, in a sepulchral tone of voice: ‘Tve seen a. ghost!” “A ghost!” exclaimed the other, be ginning to wonder whether the mug of beer had been too much for Hookey aud had got into Jiis head. "A ghost! What has a ghost got to do witli it?” “It’s a ghost that put me on the trick,” Hookey responded. “IYo had to pass round Johnson’s place twice lately after dark. The first time I saw something white behind the wall as I went by: hut I was too scared to stop. I can toll you, hut when I reached home 1 couldn’t help thinking that the spook was connected with old Flatlock the miser : and it struck me. that if this were so. it would he worth the while to make a further acquaintance with the churchyard party. I plucked up courage next night aud passed the house at a pretty late hour ; there was a white figure leaning over the wall aud pointiug distinctly into the gar den. I took the tip, as you may guess, and, if I’m not very much mistaken, we have only a little digging to do m order to get at old Flatlock’s scrapings. That’s how it strikes me, Bill, and if you think the game’s worth the caudle, wo’ll do the thing between us, and cry halves over the proceeds.” The prospect of a rapid acquisition of wealth left no hesitation in Bill Gasland’s mind as to the desirability of accepting Hookey’s liberal proposal. The possible rencontre with a super natural .entity was the most disagree able feature of the undertaking in view; hut this drawback was scouted hv both men when they weighed against it tho probable finding of a buried. chest es timated by Hookey to contain a thou sand pounds or more in hard cash; aud. after all, as Bill reminded his chum, who appeased now aud then to exhibit traces of nervousness, the ghost was without doubt friendly inclined1, or lie would have singled out some other per son' for the distinction of unearthing the buried treasure. “To-night’s the tnne lor starting.” Hookey went on, after replenishing his mug. “The sooner we start the better, or someone else, perhaps, may get in first and spoil the whole job. The night’s about right, too; there’s just enough moon on for us to see what wo’ro up to. and we sha’ii’t run the risk of giving ourselves away as we should do if we had to use a lantern. We needn’t bother ourselves about old Johnson; he sleeps in-the front of the house, and is as deaf as a brickbat. We can take it in turns to watch the road outside for anybody who may he pass ing.” Tho two men thereupon left the niu,> and after paying a hasty visit to their respective homes, they procured a spade apiece, and with a sack each under their arms, they proceeded in the direction of the haunted garden. They were not a little relieved to find that the ghostly tenant was nob in evidence. Summoning up 'courage requisite for tho purposo they vaulted over the wall, and made a hasty ex amination of thou* surroundings. “Seems that I’m just a trifle out of my bearings,” whispered Hookey. “Can’t say exactly where it was that the vapoury party pointed ; hut I reckon that the big tree in the middle looks as likely a place as anywhere?” “We’ll make a .start close to the trunk. You just- keep your eye up and down the load while I turn up ‘some ground.’ ” Gashind did as lie was hid. ami Hookey commenced digging carefully round the big yew tree in the centre of tho garden. The result of a few minutes’ labour disclosed nothing in the nature of buried treasure. Hookey then tapped the trunk of the tree, which proved to he quite solid, and evidently was not the hiding-place of Flatloek’s hoardings. | Several other trees were then selec ted by the energetic money-hunter, with a similar result. Tho more likely angles of the wall were next subjected to a rigid examination; but Hookey had again to acknowledge Ms failure to locale tho whereabouts of bis quarry. “Here. Bill., you’ll Better lake a turn uow with the spade. I can t nit the right spot from, memory. I vnsli the ghost would turn up and do the sign post’ business again, \otrd bcttei tiv your luck while I keep sentinel on the In response to Hookey's jerked-out sentences Gasland jumped iuto the gul den: and. with the former on tho look-out for chance strangers, the search was continued for anothei liair hour or more, but nothing of import ance was brought to light. Halt the garden had been turned over, and the only parts left undug were the open beds These were then subjected to the joint attacks of Gasland’s spade and an old crowbar which Hookey had discovered near the outhouses. The sky was gradually becoming overcast, and as there appeared to be no possibility of interruption, the watch on the thoroughfare outside was given up, while both men set to work ni real earnest in order to finish their work of excavation during the short space of time at their disposal. Knowing that they would have no op portunity later on of prosecuting their search, the two worked like veritable demons, until there was hardly a square foot, of garden left for examination. The clock from the village boomed out the hour. It was considerably later than Hookey imagined. Mutter ing sundry condemnations on every body in general, and on the memory of old Flatlock and the ghost m par ticular, lie climbed the wall, and mado for home, followed by bis equally dis gusted partner. "‘It’s a bit awkward,'1 said Bill Gas laud. as be took the arm of liis chum, ‘•’that we should have .spoilt our chances of having another look round by leav ing the traces of our search, but I’ve no doubt there's nothing to bo found on Johnson’s premises. Mark my word, though, I should say the swag’s oil the outside of the wall all tho lime, and as soon as old J. will have: forgotten about the turning over of liis: garden, we’ll make another inspection—that is, if the spook doesn’t give the tip away to someone else.” A few days after the nocturnal ex cavations in Johnson’s garden had taken place, the mystery was suddenly cleared up by old Johnson himself. He had been imbibing himself somewhat freely, and, finding himself in a. rather more communicative frame of mind than usual, lie let out the secret to a friend of the midnight adventurers. “It wasn’t a bad rase of mine,” ho said, the garden was running just about wild, weeds everywhere. I| couldn’t attend to it; the rheumatism kept me indoors, but the place had to he dug over, and I just tried the trick as a spec’. The white sheet and the laths did the work well. I remembered something about the ’Flatlock’ yams, and I reckoned that Hookey, when lie had to come by after the 'pub’ was closed, would see tho guy and take the hint. He saved me a week’s work in a single night, and it won’t take long now to level the plots and get the plants in.” The story soon spread, and became tho genera] topic of conversation in the village. The necessary consequence followed, and it was not until a con siderable period of tunc bad elapsed that Hookey and his chum Bill Gasland were able to escape the persecution which' they had brought upoii them selves by their midnight search after Flat lock’s imaginary hoard. 