BEHIND A VEIL BY MRS C. N. WILLIAMSON. .Author of "His Grace," "The Secret of the Pearls,""The House by the Loch," 'Queen Sweetheart," "A Man from the 'Dark," "Fortune's Sport," "The News S..aper Girl," Etc. CkAPTER VIII.-WHTEN THE CAN. '. DLEWENT UT' Mary Desmonf'a hesitation wiasnoutbrn ,.of fear lest she should cominit a :dealy sin in leaving the convent. 'She had leen induced to enter it by a falsehood. She' was a novice, and had a right to go at the end of the time for which she had made her Vows,. But that right had been de riled, and it had been Intimated that she would be kept, If necessary by force. Therefore, it seemed to Mary that it would be no unpardonable shi to go, if the chance came, before the time had expired, since she could not expect that Provi dence would send more than one such chance before the day when she must take her final Vows. Remembering the cold light of immut able resolve in the Mother's eyes, Mary felt that somehow, protest as she might, if she stayed now, she would end by tak ing these vows. She might appeal, but she felt certain now that her appeal would be in vain. As she had been told, she would' only bruise body and soul against a wall of stone. To attempt escape without help from outside would be absolutely hopeless: It might be that George Tristram's strength could break out the bars from her window, but' her little hands could not do It alone; thus, even self-destruction by drowning in the lake, if life became unbearable, was for 'bidden her. She could not climb the high wall that shut in the prim convent gar den, and the portress was never absent from the great locked gates. All this Mary told hersel.', and yet-and yet-to take such a step as George Tristram pro posed she should take this very night seemed almost beyond her power. Months of privation and hopelessness 'bad weakened her body and broken her serve. She thought of the precipice un der her window down to the lake, which 'George Tristram asked her to descend on a rope ladder, and she shuddered in sheer physical terror. She thought of the scene In the convent when her absence should be discovered, of the second scan dal in her life, which appeared the more terrible because of the accusations that had been flung at her like flaming brands that last night at Falconberg. Each one had left a scar, which throbbed and burnt till In the dark 'hours when she lay •awake. This thing which she was asked to'do was far more daring, far more cap able of hideous misconstruction, than the thing she had' done before-the thing which had cost her liberty.. Was it worth while to rack her nerves by running such a tremendous risk, when she had only to live on and endure for a few more years, before she found peace of mind, as each member of this Sisterhood had seenmed to find it? In the envelope which had held George Tristram's letter he had placed a small Pencil and a blank sheet of paper. '"I thank you with all my heart and soul for what you have done," she began Ito write, and the thought which she meant to end was, "Yet I dare not do what you propose." But the very words as she wrote them, the memory of all that he had done-and for her-cried out against her decision as cowardice, ingratitude. He had risked so much for her, ard she was making of it all a falilure. . For a moment her penell wavered over 'the paper, then It travelled' quickly. "And if you willl help me I will do my best to ibe brave," she finished. Then, folding the paper up, she weighted it with the "Pencil, tying both together on the end of the string. : She could picture all that was happen Ing, after she had let it down. Twenty feet below her window he was standing on a narrow ledge of rock,.where present-' ly, it might be, she too would be stand Ing, though now that seemed incredible. He had received her answer,' he was un tying' the paper, he had lighted a wax match,- perhaps, to read what she had written. Now he had thrust the letter into his pocket, and was tying the heavy rope ladder to the thin cord she had sent dpWn, r None of these things could she see, for the bars across her Window' were set so close that she could not put out her bead to look at what lay immediately be low, but:her imagination gave'her each detail, and suddenly she bowed her face between her hands, as if to hide even from herself the wave of color that swept over it with a thought. How could she ever have" hesitated and been afraid when,whatever came of this night's work, she would be with him? Soon, in a few minutes more, she would see his face.' He would not tell her now that he loved her, but one day he would tell her, and ask her to be his wife. She would be happy, after all: this misery which she had believed would drag on till death. And:when they were together in dear England the past would seem only like a nightmare from which she had awakened. He had finished his preparations, for again she felt the tell-tale jerk of the string. She wound It up hurrledly, and •thre; 'at last, was the'end;, twisted and knotted round one of the blg.iron hooks of'the rope ladder. Mary had regretted yesterday that shei did not sleep on Slster Anna Theresa's floor, so that, she might have the same outlook, but now she was thankful above iall things to be on the lower story of the wing, Had there been a window of an occupied'eell below hers,' no one could hsve come up or gone'down without be Ing.heard. , . . She tried the barselest there should be danger of their giving way.when exposed to the strain of Tristram's weight as he 'came up 'the ladder, but all were appar ently firm--too firm, perhaps, for success later, Mary feared-and then -she pro ceeded'to secure the hooks, suspending 'the'ladder from the two bars furthest apart.' Her candle, guttering and smoking In iat tinn;stick on' the stone .floor was tUll alight, and before she could have believed it possible, two hinds appeared on the bars which held the hooks, then p George Tristram's face looked in at her, with only the grating for a barrier. At sight of him, so near, so strong to save, selif-cntrel broke down, and, hold ing out her hands, whleh he caught, and ' impetuouily carried to his lips, she burst Int a storm of tearsm. took all b his strength,all his determin ationi, to keep back the words of passion as tlove that rushed to his lips, but he did keep them back, and even a friend may kiss the hands of a woman who has suf fered much, and whom he has come to Even by the wavering candle-light his Yearning eyes could see how thin she was, how ghastly pale the little white face set in its frame of dusky hair, asd as for a moment he held fast the hands lh had klsed, tears rose and stung his Syelids. "Poor child! Poor child!" he stammer ed, when his words would have caressed her, if he had let them come at will. "How you must have suffered in this horrible "nhey told me you were dead: that It as through my fault. And so it seemed 'that nothing else could matter," sobbed tie girl, not thinking how much meaning might be read Into that confession. "i en never tell you what I felt'when I saw you in the boat yesterday,and knewthat they had lied." ?Then it Is through me that you are litrel" he exclaimed, his heart in his ees, and the low earnest tone of his Folce. "All the more reason that Id 389 should take you away. And, Heaven helping me, I will do that before many minutes have passed over our heads. I must leave two of the bars for the lad der, but the other three can be spared, and when I have got rid of them I will help you through the window. The space would not be wide enough to let my shoulders through, but It will let your slim little body pass, and all the rest is easy." He spoke cheerily, and Mary felt her spirits rise. - She had infinite trust in him, and she was no longer abjectly i afraid of the 'dark chasm down below. In silence she looked on while Tristram opened.his knife and began with a large, keen blade to dig out the mortar that held the first bar in place. In the hol lowed palm of:hls left hand he caught the pieces of cement as they loosened, to prevent;the rattling noise they would make'if they fell scattering on the rocks beneath. When his palm was ready to overflow, he passed its contents bet tween':the' bars to Mary, who laid the rough, broken ,pits of mortar - on the bed. "This is an easier job even than thought," Tristram whispered. "The work is very old, and as the window if small and high, overhanging a difficult bit to climb, it was probably not thought necessary to fasten the bars as if to re' sist the attack 'of an enemy. Look, th' first one is almost out already." Mary looked, "and rejoiced witl a fearful jay as he, shook the rusty iron rod in its place. Both were absolutely absorbed In the work of the moment, and neither heard the faint sound of a clicking latch, as the door was cautiously pushed open, at first only an inch or two, then a little further. "There-it's out!' Sister Anna Theresa could understand many of the simpler English words, and these were the first that reached her ears, as she peeped into Sister Marie Mag dalene's cell. Upstairs, lying awake when she might have slept,.thinking over the events of yesterday and to-day, she had fancied that she heard something unusual. There were rats in the old convent, regiments of rats, but their depredations were most ly conftined to that part of the building nearest the kitchein and refectory. Some times, however, they came further afield,' and scratched and sharpened their long teeth on the rough stones inside the an clent walls of the novices' dormitory wing. Sister Anna Theresa had keen ears that matched her quick suspicions, and when she had listened, holding her breath for a moment, she had decided that these strange night noises were not due to rats. She rose, and standing up on her bed as she always had to do, if she would see more than a patch of, sky in' the ouit side world, she looked from the window. Nothing was-to be seen'unless-was there not a faint luiinousness, like a bright cloud, floating below? It looked very much as if Sister Marie. Magdalene (whose cell window was' directly under hers) had her candle lighted at, a for bidden hour, And there was a sound again. ' The 'elder novice drew back and stepped to the ground. She wondered very much what " was going on down there. In a' place where there was so little excitement, it was insufferable that anything should be happening, and she miss knowing what it was. Besides, this was heraffair.- She had provided the sensation for Sister' Marie Magdalene, and it was right that she' should at least share it. Sister Anna Theresa. had seen the red letters on-the canvas displayed under the windows early that morning, for every spare moment of her time since the day before had been spent with her face at the bars, her Jealous, curious eyes on the lake. . Sister Marie Magdalene had not confided in her. If the younger girl had done this, the elder might have ended by pardoning her for having a lover. As it was, Iuen malice had been growing, weed-iFLpt Sister Anna Theresa's heart all day. "She's moving in her cell," said the no vice, as she began hastily putting on her day -arments. "I'll go down and say I heard her all the way upstairs, and warn her to be quiet. Then I'll make her tell me everything." She did not light the candle, but found her things in the dark,. lit only by the purple, star-Jewelled, cloud-swept square set high in the cell wall. The professed nuns of the Order wore their feet bare, the nofices had' coarse sandals, and, slipping into these, Sister Anna Theresa patted softly out into the corridor. She groped her way along, with her hand on the cold stone of the wall, so to the stair way; and Sister Marie Magdalene's door finally revealed Itself by the thin, glit tering rim of light, like a gilt-edge on the page of a book. All was silent on the other side as she bent to listen; or, no, there was a currous inexplicable noise, very slight, yet con centrated into distinctness in the vast silence of the sleeping convent. It was as if the inmate of the- cell were rubbing a piece of metal against stone. Unable to bear suspense longer, the woman crouching in the darkness softly turned the handle of the door. Inch by inch she stealthily opened it, until she heard -not the voice of a woman in hysterics babblings, as she had fancied, but a man's tones-excited, triumphant, and saw that which well-nigh forced a cry of incredulous amazement from her lips. A' man's face looked in at the high window, and a man's strong hands had torn out the first bar of the cage. Al ready, as the watcher at the door stared from darkness into light, he was begin ning the task of, dislodging the next. He worked with furious haste, as if for life 'oir death, and, at this rate, only a few moments more and the second bar would yield. A third gone,'and-Sister Anna Theresa thought she 'knew what might happen then. A wave of jealous rage swept over her. She:cloaked the emotion, to her own eyes, in the guise of righteous indigna tion; but deep in her heart she knew that she hated the girl whose lover fought for her against the world, against the mighty power of the Church. There was no time to be lost, if this awful nct of sacrilege were to be pre vented;' and, without stopping to think, or to give herself a chance of relenting, Sister Anna Theresa let her passion whirl her away with Its flooding tide, Itl": a flimsy boat torn from its moorings in the grip of astorm. With noiseless,sandalled feet, she ran along the stone- flagged passage, down the stairs, and tIbough corridor after corridor, till she paused breathless, with knuckles knocking an alarm on the door of the IMother Superior's cell. Sharp and quick rained the taps on the panel, like the rasping blows of a tree branch, driven by the night wind against a pane of glass. In the cell on the other side there was a hasty stirring. The thlrd-bar was out. As Tristram gave the final Jerk that dislodged It from the centuries- old niche among the stones, the church clock tolled the four quarters, and then, after a pause as if for breath, boomed one heavy stroke for the first hour after midnight. At the same mometit the candle-end, which had been stifling in its own grease, dropped Its fuiming head, and was extinguished. Mary uttered a faint exclamation. "That doesn't matter now," Tristram consoled her. "It's begun raining a little, but there's a star here and there, and the moon's come up behind the clouds. Once you're outside, we shall have enough light. Stand on tip-toe, and I'll help you up, with my hands on your waist. Don't be frightened. I won't let you fall." But the wind had risen, and was blow Ing Mary's hair across her eyes. Every nerve in her body was throbbing. She had begun to be horribly frightened again, now that the moment was come. "Oh, wait-wait just one minute!" she I implored, her little teeth clicking to gether with the nervous trembling that shook her frame. "I can't see. My hair I will blow all over my face and yours too, whlle you help me down that dreadful I ladder. Walt till I get my veil, and I'll wrap it over my head like a hood. I know where it is-on the hook by the door. I can find It in the dark." Firm, strong hands 'had already clasped her waist to lift her up, but with [ an impulsive movement . she sprang away, and Tristram heard the light touchof her feet as she jumped from the I bed' to the stone floor. Then came a faint rustling, a stifled exclamation. He listened for her return in impatience, for he was desperately eager to be away, to have her out of prison, and feel that the goal of her free dom was within reach. "Have you found the veil?" he whis pered. She did not answer. The rustling had I ceased, and there was deep silence in thle cell. It seemed to Tristram's excited imagination that the stillness held a 'different quality. It beat against his ears, like the soundless murmur of the see. in.a shell. "Are you ready?" he asked again, a sharp note of anxiety keyed into his voice. Still no reply. A horrible fear grip ped Tristram by the throat. Had she beenf taken suddenly ill and fainted? Had the strain of excitement been too much for her heart, weakened by months of grim austerities? When he had heard the slight exclam ation, hardly more than a whisper, w' 'ch had passed her lips while grop ing in the dark for her veil, he had guessed it to mean' the irritation of nerves stretched well-nigh to breaking point, but perhaps it had meant more than that. Perhaps it had been a gasp of expiring consciousness as she sank in a swoon. At the thought his blood leaped to his head and pounded at the temples. "For God's sake, speak to me!" he en treated. No response; and his vague, gnawing fear bit deep with the fierce fang of certainty. All hope that she might have been listening for some fancied sound outside the door, refusing to satisfy him 'till it had died away, was gone; for he knew that she would not willingly have left his last appeal unanswered, even if she had but replied by a whispered "Hush!" Some horrible thing had happened there, within a few feet of him, while a pall of darkness shut down between. ''What if the shock has killed her? What If she be dead?" a voice seemed to hiss in his ear; but he would not listen. He shook off ?le' doleful pres ence as if it had been sone coiling rep tile, striving to force hls~ broad shoul ders through the aperture of the win dow\\. He might as well have tried to push' his way into a rat-hole; but he gritted his teeth together, and .would not 'give up. Tristram did not doubt now that Mary had fallen, and was lying unconscious, deaf to his words, lost to him and to the world, if his heart proved faint. Yet there was but one way to reach her, and that was by tearing out a fourth bar,..to add to'the three that the girl had taken' from his hands and laid noiselessly down on her bed. Only.two bars were left of the five that 'had caged the window, and each one supported an Iron hook of the rope ladder on which he stood hanging over the precipice. The bars were set in vertically, and were not long enough to be laid horizontally across inside the window, or all might safely have been removed. For him self, this did not matter. If the ladder were suspended from one hook only, he could cling on, and he could get down again-alone-but not with Mary. Still, there was nothing else for it. The fourth bar would have to go, since he must find entrance: to the-cell; and when Mary had been revived, he might persuade her to let him lower her, tied' to the rope, from the window to the narrow ledge twenty feet below. After wards, It would be simple enough for him to follow. Buoying himself with this last hope, he tore out the fourth bar with such desperate haste that he cut the skin of his fingers, feeling nothing, wondering why his hands were wet. 'At last he could fling the iron rod through the window, and guess that it fell on the bed where Mary had been standing, because its fall made no noise. Another moment, and he had pulled himself after, dropping down on the rustling straw mattress. Still not a sound in the cell. It might have been a vault, instead of a room in a house inhabited by many.human beings. He had tried lighting a match to look through the window and break the pall of darkness, but so had the tiny flame. llickered in the wind before it died that he could see liothing in the cell. The floor where he pictured Mary lying was deeply carpeted with shadow that only seemed to thicken under the travelling spark of his vesta. Once inside, however, the, wind's breath could not reach a match held in the hollow of his hand. Tristram's heart was knocking against his side like strokes of a hammer, as once again he drew out his matchbox. There was tragedy in the 'deathly silence.: He feared what he might have to see, yet there was no time for hesitation.' He drew another wax vesta' across the roughened metal base of the box, and a flame leaped up. For a second or two he saw only it. like a yellow star on a background of darkness ; then the walls of stone seemed to spring from the dusk. straight at his eyes. There was a shrine; a nail, from which the white folds of a veil draped, glimmering white as a ghost floating in the gloom. There was the black outline of the poor nar row bed under the wlsdow: 'there was the bare greyness of uncovered floor. %o prostrate figure lay stretched along the stones. He was alone in the cell. (To be continued.) 