BREVITIES. HcM-Harahal too "Waldcreec's flag tar the cam- China is a Uhlan's flag, divided into four squares, two "black npG two wlute, with a red bor der. «T>ri a tar nnuuug. transversely across the de- sign The .flag is attached to a Uhlan's lance. an Englishman Says "Plenty," he ; means 'That's enough; stop." But a Maltese, has. lor centuries meant the opposite. So it you say plenty" to iflm, he will give you some jnore. 21 3"oii are "being shampooed by a Maltese barber and say "Plenty," be will keep on dousing "Pcggotty's Hut," Great Varmouth. immortal uoa oy cnaTTea" nibkcSZD In "DiVW CoppeWiiWi" has been sold "by public auction. This historic house, which stands on the site of the Old Boat, is a great attraction to vi6itore during the sum- mar monlUi Original portions of the wood, also two windows of the boat, arc still in . possession «X the present occupier. , , The clouds between the two countries (England and France) arc gradually being dissipated; men of sense are returning to the old traditions of courtesy, and when in a few days' lime the frenzy .of a few and the idle curiosity of some others draw them round old liruger at Marseilles ,the demon strations, if there ure any, will be powerless to disturb tin? good understanding.— 60 says the Paris "Figaro." ,, . To the phase "Made in Germany" may now be added the novel words "by English capital. Ac cording to the "Board of Trade Journal, her .Ma jesty's consul at Stuttgart reports tluit a British firm of manufacturers of carpet linoleum have founded a branch factory at Bietigheim, near Stuttgart, on account of the cheaper labor, avoid ance of customs duties, and manufacture in metre of "VVa-slmigton whoso' father and grandfather were officially connected with White House lias a collecuon of blotting- papers on -which tlie ink of letters written by all the Presidents has been drrcd, from General iiarri- aon, who died in 1641, after holding office;. for a month, to Mr. M'ivinley. A b lotted impression of the last letter written by Abraliam Lincolnn the day of his assassination by Booth is the most valu able item of the assortment. . . The much-discussed long .sight 01 the Ber ana the savage (supposing these differentiated) is not due to an extra sensitive retina or even to accur- ate focussing, ft is the training of .tlie bram which interprets the sensations received. 1 btro are exceptional cases like that of the borth American Indian of a few years back, who could Beparate the. moons of Jupiter with the naked . eye 1 But a white man living long enough in wild coun try — witness Bumham aud "H.-1V — can learn to see as well as any colored man. Canada is still the paradise of game. A party of four canoeing on a wuskoka lake last week saw a deer swimming in the water a little ahead of thein. Paddling rapidly they came up with the animal, and the man in the bow 6eizcd it by the car The deer made for- the shore, dragging the canoe after it. As the bank was reached the frail craft upset, but the ©ccupaucs, scrambling to their feet, threw thwacrfves on the frantic beast, and having tied its legs with their handkerchiefs nut it on a waggon and drove home in triumph. We in Belgium, observes a Brussels paper, are roiling against Great Britain, but the wicked old nation seems to care very little about it.' She will continue doubtless to purchase the half of oui products and maimfcctures, she tr i tourists and her pounds sterling, and, in a word, will continue to enable us to live. Perhaps, finally, we sliall be able to send our products into "those two vcrv republics which have suddenly be come so dear to us, aud this, perhaps, will be the sole revenge wliich tlic most splendid Lmpirc on earth will 'wreak 011 those who arc barking at "Czar," "Emperor" and "King" are now terras of abuse used by angry politicians in America. The gravest charge Against "Boss Crokcr is the ignominy of an alkgwl introduction to the Prince of Wales. Compare the Russian, tned lately for murdering a neighbor who had called him a "German," and acquitted on the ground that the provocation was "insupportable." bear Moscow another Russian, exasperated by some fellow- workmen, exclaimed, "Englishmen I and rushed from the village. He was, of course, assassinated, and a verdict of the local equivalent of justi fiable homicide" was given. A mouth or 60 ugo the Southend magistrate declared - the word "Kruger" to be "gross abuse." . The South African war, which has supplied us with bo many new ideas, has somehow failed to twrfnrm mm verv usual office— it has supplied fewer nicknames to regiments than any war of the same importance and duration. A few jocul.ar epithets were bandied about from titne to tituc, but not one of them with sticking qualities. Our 200,000 men will bring back with them no lasting addi tions to that military folk-lore, of "Sleepy Queen's," ' "llcsurrectiouiets," and .'"Sandbags"; of "Elegant Extracts,": ''Slashers," "Bengal Tigers," "Surprisers," "Death or Glory Boys," 'Steel-bocks" and "Die linrds." with which all ether fateful fields have: added to,, and generally, glorified, the vocabulary of barrack-rooms. The war pictures of illustrated papers any have become something of a weariness to the spirit of Abe general reader. But xvheu you have, a couple / of hundred thousand men away at a war- you -have also a spcdailv interested public of their rela tives and friends wiormoua in its dimensions. The "History of the War," issued the other day by tlie "Illustrated London Kews," supplies n case in point. The whole edition was bought up at once ov the trade, find copies now sell at: a premium. Within a few 'hundred yards of its office, and al most immediately after its issue, at holf-a-crown; this war number was- being 6old, as a favor, by booksellers for 4/. ... 1 ' A most imposing ceremony look place rcccnny at Bt. Anselm's Benedictine College and Univer- uity, on the Aventiue, which was opened in 1S9G. Cardinal Kompollu, Legate a latere of, tlic 1'opc, consecrated the' cbnvtii,' ,05: mitred abbots, ; four ;of whom were English, . being present,, besides , many bishops and prelates. Ten cardinals assisted at the function. The %hurch aud crypt eontuin IP altars, of which IS were consecrated by Benedictine ab bots and bishops. There" are 50 studouts in the col- lege, including many English and -American. Tlie college and church is a fine building in the Romanesque style, designed by Abbot-Primate De Hemptruc and carried out by Vespignani. IV e in India who live far away from the great mint of party watchwords and shibboleths have noticed with some interest the growing use of the word "Imperialism" to denote a certain phase of our present national policy, and have marked mora curiously the strange aversion to it evinced in no halting fashion by some sections of the Brit ish public. To u, writes the "Times" of India, it been is to bo a Inirmlisa word, signifying a tardy recognition by the "man in the street" of those tnuny lands beyond the sea winch we in our innocence lmve always considered to form an indissoluble -portion of the British realm and do minion. The return of Baron Dhanis, Vice- Covcrnor of the .Congo State, and the announcement ol his ap- 'proaching marriage, recall tlie story of liis terrible campaign, of three years' duration, against' the Congo Arabs, in the course of which operation no fewer than 70,000 men were killed. Of all the offi cers who took part in it only two are reported liv ing namely. Baron Dhanis (the commandant) •him self, and Captain Hindc, an Englishman, who is now a district officer in the British East Africa "Protectorate/ Since then the Baron has been .en gaged in other warlike operations in various 'parts of the State, and has been reported killed as often as Osman Dlgna in the Soudan, but, like the famous \- Derivah leader, he has always escaped death and;is Vjiow -about to try matrimony. ». - ?. ? Tlie- authorities in the Seychelles are dosicoiH of "leaBing the Aldabra Islands, famous for their, tur- tle for any period from 0 up to SO years. A' few . .ycftrs ago, when Mr. Risely Griffith was Adminis trator at Make, ho visited the AJdabraa, and iound the islands in a very dreary and deserted condition. The turtle reigns supreme there, and grows! to an 7 tmormoas si2e, and it is not improbable that "(he islands will be leased by -someone engaged in this /profitable 'branch of trader If the consmnptlontif turtle in Xandon is to increase in proportion, to the accretion 6f mayors and aldermen, It may .bo' "'a fihrewd investment for some Leadenhall purveyor to secure the lease of tlie Aldabras. There is tcctu- lar communication .now between London and the ;./C"T' ictorian city of Ballarat has. always been ; celebrated fdr its enterprise and Its love of statu- i 'dry. '' With -their abundant gold" (writes the '.'London JDaiiy ttoonicle.') '"the Bollarnt folk have covered their streets and squares with appropriate monuments to famous men of the British race, /and;it is therefore not sUriirising to find that they are first in the field with a scheme for the erection of a memorial to the Australian troops who have fallen in the South African war. The thing is to be carried outoria colossal scale,' and the wor£ will be the best that money can procure, as nothing is to be spared to secure the designs of the most emi- ent sculptors, from which to choose the most suit-", able for tbb projected- statue" Is not- oil this a little imaginary- ' ; When a Londoner speaks of the City, he means the 1 square mile, of which Mansion House is the centre. He will now have to chaugo his mode of address. The city of Westminster bids fair to out rival the city of Loudon. Already it is six times larger in size and population, with a ratable value of over £5,000,000, as against the city 01 London s £4,500,000. Besides, the city of Westminster has the advantage in places of interest. It not only possesses tlie Houses of Parliament and the princi pal Government offices, the courts of justice and Somerset House, but it includes the three main West Eud parks— Hyde Park,. St. James's and Green Park-as well ns the two Royal residences of Buckingham Palace and St. James's l'alncc. Be fore the alteration ol boundaries Kensington Palace also was within the Westminster area. Mr. Akcrs Douglas, addressing ink constituents, protested against the pessimism which obtained 111 many cireulcs as to the condition of our array and navy. Men were often inclined to think that tliej do these things better abroad, and that foreign armies were better managed than ours. The Ger man armv, which was admirably organised by Count -Moltkc, threw its forces into France on the occasion of the Franco-Prussian war in 10 duys, but liad it ever occurred to the mjpus of many of those pessimists what was the width of the rurt, and to compare it with the run In the South Afri can campaign? Theirs was one mile of land only, ours was 7000 miles of 6ea, and the much-abused military organisation in this country managed to put 280,000 men into South Africa without the loss of a life, in chips all British owned. Episcopal jokes are usually as Coptic as the jests of Aristophanes, over which Mi- . ' Green's studious neighbor used to chuckle v- '££ made painfully apparent by the help ofLidU, , and Scott. At Bristol; Dr. Browue lias sridiy - bewildered his assembled clergy, and fadthtdl laity" by complaining that lie is only anqpno- cular biehop." Ills lordship was, of pours, making sly reference to the fact that aJtyarc'$ deacon was formerly termed "oculus ' cplsimpi, , and tlie diocese of Bristol contains only' one deaconry. But in the middle ages the archdeacon, was not only "tlie bishop's eye," but a spy, who used to blackmail the clergy and perpetrate such terrible enormities that a. ixicdhcval schoolman seriously propounded the question, "Can an arch deacon be saved?" , Among the batch of 6torics now being circulated about the late Prince Christian Victor is one con cerning his landing at Caps Coast Castle, five yearn ago, when he went out with the Ashantoc expedi tion. One of the towers of the old fortress or castle is supposed .to be haunted by tlic . ghost of the European wife of a former commandant, and it fell to the young Prince to be quartered there. When told to look out for Uie ghost, the Prince replied, "Oh, if there is a lady in the tower, I fiJiull be ail the belter plcuscd with it." The wraith is supposed to be that of poor Lctltia Eliza beth London — known to poetical fouie as "L E. L." — who. married Colonel Maclean, and whose tragic, death at the Cape Coast Castle was brought about' through jealousy. An inscribed slab in the court yard of Uie castle marks the spot where the poetess lies buried. An extraordinary and distressing accident hap pened to a visitor at the Paris Exhibition, who, in an unlucky moment, sat for liis portrait before an automatic photographing apparatus worked on tlic sixpence in the clot system. The camera being placed iu a badly lighted spot, the magnesium flash is used. At the moment of the latter the sitter felt an acute pain in one eye. He was given, a lew moments later, his photograph, which proved to have been over exposed, showing that an excess of magnesium pOwder had been fgnited for the flashlight. For three days after this the rmlucky sitter continued to experience pain in liis eye. The orb then became veiled with a yellow film, which changed later, to a blue color, growing opaque and entirely obscuring the sight. An ocu list luis diagnoocd on injury 10 the retina, and pronounced it to be incurable. . Stronger and stronger grows the ease against Scotland. The Rev. Dr. 31'Gregor told an Edin burgh audience the .other day that there liss been a tremendous descent in the scriptural knowledge of tlie young during the last 5U years, and that it is now becoming a fad to sueer at the Bliortcr Catechism. At Dunfermline Hie Itcv. Jacob Primmer lias failed to persuade, the school board to discontinue teaching daucing to the jhilclrcn, although the good man pointed a moral from Paris, where 011 his recent visit, he said, "lie had had occasion to go under the surface of mat ters!" . Finally, four doctor who have been in quiring into the dietary of the people find that the moft important fault is the retrogression from tlie old qatioual diet of oatmeal porridge and milk to one of tea, bread and butter, "tliis being probably largely due -to laziness as regards cook ing." No wonder Scotland voted Tory. Bill Stumps bad only to cut his name on a way side stone to plunge Mr. Pickwick into the great delusion 01 liis life. He would win no such triumph over the Society of Antiquaries of New- castle-ou-Tyue. A few evenings ago Uiat learned body fairly revelled in reducing antiquarian dreams to everyday facts. Arthur Hill, a spot in the Newcastle suburbs, was shown to be named from one Arthur, a pattern maker, not from King. Arthur, the pattern of kulgbthood; uiul Scots- , wood was traced to a gentleman named Scott Iu-' stead of a Border foray. A Yorkshire story hy Dr. llodgkiu was capped by the Duke of Northum berland, who raid toat once, iu showing a party over Hulrae Parkland Abbey, lie waxed learned -.on the name "Bisbop'd- Pasture," which he connect ed wljli the Abbey. »; Whereupon a local' person interrupted:: . "Oh, no! Th. bishop was a Presby terian hind who had- a cottage at the top of the' field, and was so fond of pr.enching that Ids brother hinds 'called him. 'The Bishop.'" In ltUl-12 the town of Tarifa (wliich everyone passes when steaming through the Straits of Gibral tar) was besieged by a French foroc of 10,000, under General Laval, and defended by a joint Span ish and British force of 2200 men. 1200 being Eng.-"' lish, under. Colonel Skcrret/ The French were re pulsed with a Jos of -some 209 men, siege uuitl and stores. A wall mde-o repul6c a breach madg by tlic French was built up by the British troops,- and an inscription with -the following words: oq it was placed there "Hanc partem muri a GalUs bU- sidentibu's dirutam' Britanni defensorcs consUiie-1- runt, 1812." . General Bonza, the present \oin- , mandaut at Algerirns/ has informed Captain Ovp- tides that the tablet is' on the outside of the wall/ 32.00 metres from the destroyed- portion. Captain Crotnicts says, although time has effaced the record of Spanish and British soldiers -fighting shoulder to shoulder, the position of such a tablet might be interesting, and no doubt -tlic Spanish authori ties would grant the replacement of tlie inscrip tion if approached onthe subject. In European couutries - a Chinese is generally imagined us uu individual who commits the "liappy despatch" on very little provocation. Mr. F. Browne, Government. analyst, of Hong Kong, says:— It is by 110 means uncommon for a member of ff family who is suffering under a grievance to leave the house and forthwith hang - himself. Similarly, daughtera-in-laW ..will Beck that means of escape from a mother-in-law whose domination lias become intolerable. In . strange contrast to this .gruesome predilection. '/is the wholesome horror 0! the Chinese to any surgical operation requiring the uso of the knife, and the consequent boycotting of fiurgery, with many reaultunt deaths. Tlie Celestial instinct for/tqrmng things topsy turvy is sbown< in ids dealings with his doctor. lfrhe cau afford a native/physician to attend him he' pays liim only as lonrf as lie iilmself keeps well. As soon as' he falls sick -the- pay ceases, on the principle Uiat the doctor has failed to do that for which he was retalued and tecoinpensod. The North. German- Lloyd steamer Grosser Kpr- fnTfit,? which .Ims-jnst/ftrrivod on lier first voyage tp Australia, - is the bigfecet ship engaged in . tlie Australian trade. Uer'gross tonnage ia 18,182 ions, her -displa'ceihent being 22,000 tons. Her principal dimensions, art teet iong, 03 feet broad and 80 feet deep, trad herUwo tots -of -quadruple cxpan 'eion engines ddvtlop 8000 horsepower. Ilcr average ppeed wlUjAvahout 15 knots( thougli should occa- fiioa 1 require it she Js 'capahlb -of . a better pace. Tho Grosser. Kurfust lias oinple accommodation ior mcrchaudiso. space which,- if neccfsary, can be used ier/Uiird class rpoisengcrp. ' On the dcclai Uie first imq'Mcond/dlaga/pKSOTgvn utv luxuriously accorahiodoted.' There ere two berths in cadi cabin, of -which there are 850 for first, and 350 for second claw passengers. The completeness of- the fittings .will bo understood when it is stated that for ladies there are clefctric lamps near the looking glosses for their curling tongs, and for men there are/similarly modern; conveniences foy- shaving water. The slate apartments" are sumptuously furnished, and it is satisfactory to knoW that the seamen aro also well looked after. 