SEVENTY TIMES SEVEN. '; ; By. ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of:"The Story of a Penitent Soul," ' "Jacobi's Wife," "Roger Yanbrough's Wife," "The Great Mill-street Mystery," "A Life Sentence," "Dr. Endicott's Ex periment," "A Rogue's Daughter," "The Luck of the House," "Casper Brooke's Daughter," "No Ambition," &c.;,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the \- author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XIII.-(Continued.) It -was partly for this reason 'that he did"not linger Jong at Gay-street ?on the evenings when Magdalen was to be 'trrere^ "An .infatuation for- a, face, _a» fce called it .to himself, ought to be diS' couraged. He tried not to see her-'not to speak to 'her. And it easy-enough to avoid her, for she never thrust jit Shis wav." Mr. St. Aidan; thought that his interest in; the classy for working men was dying out; 'but this was opt the case? though lie was sometimes so tared that u was as much as the could 'do not to taaj asleep over the -wearisome reading and .writing lesscms. He-had a careworn look, eind excused himself from.one or two of the rector's invitations on the ground of wajit, of "time: : ."Maifciog'"haste 'to be riclh, ob served' Mr. St, Aidan to- this wife,ttWith a half-sad, half-contemptuous smile, ioor fellow! I am disappointed m torn after all." , 5 Ursula was right when she once sawi ?that Max -was more misunderstood, toy tow friends than by his enemies. ; _ It was bv -accident rather than design ifliat "he met Miss Lfingand one evening ai , ter the bovs ted-gone away. Tea oclocK had struck,, and Max had volunteered to help the rector in rearranging some books in a cupboard. To tell the truth, that vision of a face fed been- unusually trouble some all day, and he. felt inclined to try whether a meeting with its owner would not lay iihe ghost.. He had aot seen her for same time, and he was startled by tti pallor and the weariness, of her face. <cWait for me a niotnent/' sard Mn St. Ai<fera, bustling a way into another CESS room with -a pile of lraen^covered boots. *Tli escort you home, Madge. _ ,, AEss 'Lingard sank dowst on; one of tne benches with an' unconscious air of fatigue which . struck pain to Max s heart, j or a moment she closed her eyes. _ "You do too much," Max said to her abruptly. "You are over-tired. -You ought not to have come to-night. - . 'She opened 'her eyes with a look of slight surprise. > . ^ "There is no one .to take my place here, she answered gently. . . "No- one can do your work as you do it.?' said. Max almost roughly. I know that well enough; but surely somebody might be found to help." Then he broke, off -and added, with a- vexed .knitting ot the ibrows, "I beg. your: pardon. Of course it's "no business of mine.' . -.She smiled: She was not offended he .remarked, but she looked a trifle roused and amused. He turned away, impatient and angry with himself. W3iy_ should he \- 'have manifested any interest in.'her do ings? ' Thev did not matter to him. Only he did not 'like to see a woman halt- lnHing herself with work-that was all. "Your sister teaches in the Sunday-school . at St. Jude's, Mr. Brendon," said Magda len presently. you think. tha*t she would help us here?" , "T (Max 'looked at her and hesitated. i dbn't know." She might. .Shall 1 ask ^"1 thought of calling on Mrs. Brendon," said Magdalen, "s.nd trying to enlist Mus Brendon's sympathies." . "I'm afraid/' said Max m a low tone, "that her sympathies are not easily en ^Here Mr. St. Aidan returned and noth ing more was said. Magdalen was a little surprised- hy Max's maam^er and wondered whether he judged his sister 'harshly, or whether she -were really a very imprac ticable person. . . She paid her visit next day, and formed her own conclusions. . _ ? . . ) ? Mrs. Brendon was lofty and patronising; Gertrude uninteresting and uninterested. Cecil lounged in and- out of the Toom again, superciliously polite; Bessie was forward ? and pert, and sulked when her mother snubbed her. Ursula did not appear. ' 'Magdalen's keen eyes observed all that was painful in the scene and she judged leniently of Max's shortcoming?'everafter wards. It must have been uphill work .or .him to interest himself in the poor at all after years spent in the midst of such a ^he met with no success when she asked Gertrude to help- 'her -with her class. - -Ger trude had no fancy for {riving up one even in a- a week- for the sake of -a set of shop ' <rrri*" Neither aid nor sy.mpatby Could be looked for from mother or daughter: and when Magdalen roc's to go sue felt chilled and discouraged, although her gentle -seren ity "W8.s apDarently undisturbed She diid not see Max again for a couple of nights, and she noticed, when they met, that his face wore a angularly troubled and .dissatisfied expression. "I "was unsuccessful, - s'ne said to laim, with i smile. ' "Yes, I know. I am sorry. You did not see Ursula?" . ? r" "No. Ia ^he anotiher -sister/ "She is too young and too-too , inex perdenced 'to* l^e of any use, 1 am afraid, . ibut she -would like to come for one even ing to Totfk and listen, if -yon will allow her. . She has teased me into askmg you.' "I gTra'H be delighted to see her. Per haps Mrs. Brendon will let her come regu larly?" ' " ,. , "I cant say, .Max replied rather Ehortly.' "I don't think she', "wishes it, but Ursula generally gets (her own way." T!he dissatisfaction of his tone -was evi dent. Magdalen wondered, but did not Jibe to question. Perhaps Ursula 'Was only a . repetition1 of Gertrude with a school girl curiosity superadded. But she invited him to bring her whenever 'Ursula liked to come. . Max's own opinion was that permission for Ursula's visit had' been dearly bought Iby a, violent quarrel 'between the girl and her TnotiheT, and*, a subsequent appeal to Mr. Brendon, who had decided in Ursula's favor. Mrs. Brendon was deeply offended; .Ursula saucily triumphant. Max, sore aiud bi'irfcer at heart at the unhappy state of affairs, manifested his dissatisfaction by ap ipearing only at meals and wearing his gloomiest countenance. He escorted her to Gay-street, as 'he had promised to do, but lie said scarcely a (word to her OIL the .way thither, and Ur sula,' usnaily-on such good terms with him, felt that ^he was in' disgrace. She was tfcoO-tproud ito let him see that this troubled her;, artd her eyes were very -bright, her Em3.es very eurmy when .she was introduced lt» Mms limgard, with wham. Max left her when- he went to his own class. At the dose of the-epfenang he went- back for her end found her talking -eagerly with Mag dalen.' ' It was plain that dhe had been enjoying herself; her color and her ani mated/'look told Max, as much. "Anything mew?" he mattered' to himself, knitting his brow as foe waited for her to don. her out door attire. "You'll let me cotoe every week, Miss ?Lingard, will- you -not?" Ursula was saying eagerly. "I ehcruld dearly like to teach that little lame girl!-oh, it will be de lightful! Every Wednesday at 8 o'clock. 1'Jl: be most regular." "Ursula!" Mas could not keep his voice from growing peremptory and his brows dark.- "You are not free to dispose of your time in that way." "Thank you, Mr. Brendon," said iMagda leh, who had been looking half-pleased- and half-perplexed. "I was going to ask her a question about her home duties." Ursula gave her shoulders an impatient twist. "Do you think," Magdalen asked, with a. glance at Max's face, "that Mrs. Bren don would object to her coming to help me now and then?" "I am sure of it," said Max moodilv. "Ursula has her. studies; she will not be allowed to leave them for a whole evening once a week.". Ursula eyes flashed angrily and then a suddenly filled with tears. Magdalen saw the dhange in the girl's face and pitierl her. She could not- finite understand Max's tone"; it.seeined'tb her harsh and unkind; but she'did not know aH thai; had gone before". As it chanced,, however, she said the very thing that was good for Ursula to hear. "Patience, my dear!" she murmured, laying her hand caressingly on the girl's arm. "Perhaps you will be aible to lieip me by-and-bye when your schooldays are oyer. I cannot have you- 'here if your mother disapproves of your coming; your work would never prosper if it began in disobedience." /Ursula .lifted her tear-filled, .eves for a moment to Miss.Lingard's face, then stood downcast and silent. Magdalen drew 'her aside; she did not want Max to 'hear a'l .that she said. But Max's ears were very quick. " 'We needs must love the highest when we see it,' " she quoted in her sweet and gentle Voice. "What is 'the highest' for you just nOw? To follow your mother's ?wishes, dear child. No good will come of neglecting the duty -.that is -nearest, - to you."- , . , - . "That -is," said .Ursula, passionately, "that I am to go home and do lessons lessons-lessons, all day long,1 and 'hare no real work in the world; and you will go on working here and-and-forget all about irie!" ! 'Magdalen was inclined to smile at the tremMe in the girl's voice, 5>ut she re strained 'herself. After all, it was not)hing to laugh at. ! Poor L'rsnla, goaded into rebellion in an uncongenial home, yearning for an- affection which was withheld, had suddenly caught a glimpse of the beauty of work for others less favored by fortune than her.self. Her whole nature responded to ' j^Iagdalen's gentle call. She was ready to fall down and worship her new Mend; and lo, the idol was quietly rejecting her adoration! , "I will n<gt forget you," said Magdalen. "You will help me when you come to tha Briory sometimes, when...you have a holi day. I will write a note to your mother alxmt it. ' Believe m&, dear, you will be happier if you give up your own wiir and your own way. - Remember that "obedience is better than- sacrifice.'" ... She kissed the wistful face as slie said good-bye. [To be continued from day to. day till finished.] 