ATHLETICS (Bv '? WT.sthall), FIXTURES. December 96 — Ross club pports. Bfcaconsfteld A.M. A. s;-ortE. December 27.— Derby club sjiortc. January . — Caleaorian Soi-iity's Eporcs. If there is one athletic meeting more tlmn another in which special interest is created it is the Northern Tasmanian Caledonian Society's gathering. This important annual fixture will take place ou i\ew lears uay at me Association Cricket Ground. As usual a length}' and diversified programme line been ar ranged, the prize money exceeding £60, exclusive of trophies. The events in clude the Caledonian Sheffield Handicap, of £20, Commonwealth Handicap, of £9, one mile : St. Andrew's 440 \ards Handi cap, of £10 ; four bicycle races, and seve ral other items. The bill of fare was published on Saturday in condensed form, but athletes and others interested can obtain from Mr F. G. Cults, Bris bane-street, printed programmes which furnish all the information required. Tlie secretary is Mr George Duncan, and nominations close with Mr J. C. Ford 120 Charles-street, on December 8. A letter, signed T. G. Bailey, readied me this week, in which the writer com plains of the treatment he received from the gentlemen who framed the han dicaps for the sports which were held at Derby yesterday. He mentions that liis last two years' performances comprise eleven starts, from marks varying from four to eighteen 3'.irds, with not less than eight yards in 130 yards, and the only honors ho gained have been through filling a second' third, and fourth place. At Derby he was handicapped in the Sheffield at 2yds, actual scratch. Ac cording to Bailey's showing he was.badly treated at Derby. He appears anxious to obtain Borne redress for what he tejrms a 'gross injustice in handicapping.' The only course open to Bailey is to ask for an explanation from the handicappers through the committee of the Dorset and Federal dub. The N.T.A.A. executive cannot interfere in the matter, seeing that the officials who allot starts are always appointed by the clubs holding the sports meetings. Impersonators in England are having some sharp lessons, and the determina tion of the English Amateur Athletic As sociation and its district committees to take criminal proceedingss against those concerned in such fraudulent prac tices ought by this time to stem this evil. According to an English journal, re cently at Macclesfield one of the competitors was sentenced to a month's Bollington sports, while the runner who connived at the fraud by lending him his name got off with a day-'s imprisonment. At the Dublin High School, sports held recently, S. 'W. Haddocks won the Old Boys' 220 Yards Handicap from scratch. This made his eleventh successive vic tory in that event at the school's annual games. On'September 11, at the Portarlington sports in Ireland, a runner named T. Claxton won the mile race after an ex citing contest with J. E. Finnigan, the scratch man. A protest was entered on tlie ground that Claxton started from the 110yds mark, instead of 90yds, as on the programme. This was proved, and the race awarded to Finnigaji; but Claxton, although disqualified, was placed second, - and actually given second prize. Very funny business. A ' T^iolH' mrrocn/iiulont u i if-in rr about the recent sports held at Gras «nere, says : 'The chief prize was won by George Steadman, who is in his 55th year, and on achieving the victory (the 16th which he had gained here) he an nounced his intention of retiring from the wrestling ring. As an athlete he has been and still is an extraordinary man. He has competed successfully in ivrest ling on the-stage ; he was a capital sprint ,ninner in his younger days, and good over hurdles ; for a heavy man he per haps had no superior. He was about 18st ?weight when at his best as a. wrestler, but on one occasion, when within a few pounds of 2Ost, he reduced himself to uaun iu&l; in uiuet iaj cuciptie ah ^-*ir- lisle, where, notwithstanding, he won the chief prize. His successes as a wrest ler extended over 35 years, for during that long period he was one of the best men at the sport- in the country, whilst for a quarter of a century he was the ac knowledged champion. He retires as such, wisely refraining from courting de feat, which would be sure to come sooner or later, and which scullers and others almost invariably seek.' Thus 'Old Blue' in the 'Sporting Life:' Good old Denis Horgan I His appearance at the Athletic Union Field Games (U.S.A.) last Saturday, Septem ber 15, was as sensational as that qf Ulysses when he descended upon Achilles at Scyros. When the weight 5ar remarks were made about the famous Irishman, and he was facetiously invited to compete. No sooner was the /word said than up walked Horgan — he !had landed in America on the eve of the games, and was present as a spectator — and accepted it. It was enough to make end, as did that of Proculus Julius when ho met the ghost of Eomulus ! What is more, good old Denis speedily demon strated that his Stamford Bridge 'seedi- ness' was genuine. He won easily with (the grand put of 46ft ljin, Sheldon (the world's champion pro tern.) being third. Egad 1 I should much have liked to have seen Horgan's bold feat, that will ne'er be forgot, By those who were there, and those who were not. The whole business was delirous ! 