THE PAKT WE KNOW. (By the Rev. Alexander McKenzie, D.D.) "Silver and gold have I none; but suck as I have give I thee."-Acts iii. 6. These are very simple words. The thought is neither original nor profound, but it has always been a popular verse. Perhaps' this is because we are so often asked to give what we cannot give, or we require ourselves to do what we cannot d-o, that there is special encouragement in be ing told on high authority that we can only do what we can and give what we have. ' The incident itself is familiar. A man lame from his birth was laid at the Beau tiful Gate of the Temple at the time of the evening worship. . He saw the two Gali leans, Peter and John, entering in, and he looked to them for an alms. They fastened their eves upon his longing eyes, and Peter said, Silver and gold have I none." It was silver and gold the man wamted, and his rising hope fell into disappointment. But Peter finished his sentence, "Such as I have give I thee," and the man was con tent. The first words are of little account, save as a natural beginning. The latter words hold the force of the sentence. It was of no consequence to Peter or to the man what the Apostle had not; the strength was entdrelySon the positive side. "What I have" is in- itself a strong sen tence. Happily, that which he had was in itself of much greater value than that which he lacked. Silver and gold are of great worth, birfc they cannot do all tilings. They can build a hospital, but they cannot create physi cians. They can endow a college, but they cannot make scholars. When We-call the physician to our necessity we do not care whether he has silver and gold or not, and men have been eminent as college profes sors who were in no wise distinguished by their wealth. Indeed, the need of silver and gold may be a stimulus to exertion, as when the great English lawyer sprang suddenly into his first great cause and great fame, and assigned as the reason for his remarkable effort that he felt his chil dren puffing at has gown and crying "Father, give us bread." On the other hand, the possession of wealth may les sen the exertion. When Thomas Aquinas visited Innocent TV., the Pope displayed the great treasures of the Church and boasted-"The tame has gone by when the Church must say, 'Silver and gold have I none.'" "Yes," was the answer of the saintly doctor, "and the time has gone by when the Church can say to a lame man, 'Rise up and walk.' " - The wise man knows the use of wealth, while he keeps himself independent of it. It was a fine assertion of independence made by Bishop Selwyn, of New Zealand, when the authorities in England warned him that if he persisted in has course they should cut down his salary. "'You can get very good fislli here in the bay," he said, "and I know a place in the woods Where you can dig up roots that you can .eat." What could be more absurd than the at tempt to control through his salary the utterances of a man who can live on roots. But if we are not to 'have silver and gold let us by all means have something. There is so great variety in the wants of men that there is great variety in the help which can be given to them. " Think how many things might have been done for this lame man. He could have been fur nished with money;" one who could have done nothing more might have moved him into a comfortaible position against the wall, or have drawn his rug over his feet, or brought him a piece of bread or a cup of water. But the man in his want repre sents the world and its necessities, and suggests the varied opportunities calling for whatever endowment of skill or Strength one may possess. Peter's grace may not be yours or mine, but it is given to every one of us to have sometfhing which the world needs and which we can give as the manifesting of. our life. Let us make sure, by all means, that we have something whicfh the world seeds. and that we are usine what we have. not hindered by what we lack. Is egaave lives are of small value. Negative acts, it there are suck things, are not worthy ot men in the serious work of lite. -Lne re quirements of God do not stop at the neg tives. "Do not covet" means Love. "Do not lie" means "Tell the truth. Do not steal" means "Give."" For our ow^ sake and for the world's sake let us keep on this side of possession .and accomplish ment. A colorless life is of no honor and no use. To commend a man for having no fault is often to reproach a man for having no virtue. Stand for something; have a place and be a foxce in the world. They asked John the Baptist whci he was. He made little account o£ what ne was not; and we are not impressed by Ms words, "I am not the Christ. I am no that Prophet." It is the positive side ot his declaration which marks -the man ana asserts his force, "I am the voice. ±ne two great confessions in the midst oi_-tiie Gospel aTe confessions upon the positive side-"Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." "Thon art Peter and on this rock wifll I build My Church. ? i There is an expression of great strengui used bv St. Paul in writing to the Corin thian Church-"Ye are members m parti cular:V not "members/' not 4 members in ^ general," not "members upon -the cata logue," but members with a definite place and work and honor and reward- mem-1 bers in particular;" I am walking with you. and I point to a man whom we see upon, the street, and. I say, "Who is that man?" You answer, "He is nobody in 1 particular." lie is a man, is :he not. "Oh, yes, lie lives here; I meet him fre quently: you will find his name in the city directory. But that is all; he as nobabdy in particular." Another day we meet an other man, perhaps more plainly dressed, more simple in his bearing, and I repeat my question, " VV'ho is -that man-. that man? Whv, that is the finest lawyer in the town. That man was governor of the commonwealth. That man is the- leading professor in the college." Ah, 1 see; you have not told me his name, .but you have told me the man. He is what St. Faul meant; he is somebody in particular. - A positive life is the life of the highest accomplishment, and is lived in the lughest domain. There are many things that we do 'not know. There is a partof every thing that we do, not know. We are: all undergraduates in the university oflne. But we know in part; that is, in part we know. So St. Paul teaches us. _ lise that part. What we do not know is of little practical " value compared with the ^ part that Ave do know. If I may adapt the saying, our knowledge, however small, is of greater account than our ignorance, how ever great. We should be very glad that it is only a part that we know. Life would be dismal, indeed, if we had reached the limit of truth upon any of its broad lines; if there were no more great verities than we have compassed or can soon compass; if dirty and truth and life were all held within our slender grasp; if there were no moTe of glory and honor and immortality than we can see and understand and value and make our own. . , It is the almost limitless extent of truth ?which makes it Divine, and the rod-ess years that are awaiting us are to be filled with the endless attainment of knowledge and grace and life. St. laul with all his visions of eternal grace and .life, _ rejoiced to confess, revelled in the confession, that that in which he was living passed his knowledge. So St. John, rising to his sublime conception of the character of the saints, poured out his exultant heart m the great confession, "Beloved, now are we the eons of God, and it ^doth_ not yet appear what we shall be. But While thev knew in part they used the part they knew; they rested their own life upon it; they gave it to others for their learning; they breathed it upon the_ world for its inspiration; they believed m the steadilj rising sun and the day that eternally shall grow brighter and brighter. It is little to say that our knowledge, too, is in part. Our knowledge of God is very far irom perfect. We believe in God the Father Almighty. WTe know the love of God. VV e rejoice in His providence. But no man hath seen God at any time, nor can see Trim. Yet upon this knowledge of God which we do possess we build a life of con fidence, obedience, affection, the strong life of a child of God, to whom there comes the continual growth in all that_is godly, and Divine in the power ot an endless life. We know Jesus Christ, our Lord and Saviour. We know that the Eternal Word =was made flesh and has dwelt among us. We know that life of Divine beauty and help. We know the parables of truth and the miracles of mercy, and that He loved the world and gave Himself for it, the Lamb of God, the Saviour of men, tor evermore ^Redeemer and Intercessor. Snt the method of the Incarnation we 'do not know. The full secret of redemption we cannot trace. The secret working of the Holy Ghost in the souls of men we cannot define. Yet we open our hearts to the Comforter; we entrust ourselves to the Redeemer; we follow Him who is the light and the life of men. We know m part, but the part we know is the pave we use. To use the part we know is. to know more. Not the fondling of our, doubts, but the obedience of our verities. leads up the heights of knowledge. Perhaps there is no better illustration of i the method of life which is here commend ed than that which is given in the Gospel in the case of the man who was born blind. His ignorance was very great, and his knowledge was very small. Christ came that way and spoke to him, and bade him go wash in the pool of Siloam. The man'heard the voice, understood the direc tion, went down the hill, and in that very I act made the beginning of a Christian life, for he had done at Christ's word, though he had never seen Christ, what no1 one else had ever done, what he had never dreamed of doing, what no otiher one would ever have asked him to do. He knew .that he was told to go and wash in Siloam, and lie went. He oame back seeing, and his trouble began. His life had been ah easy one, narrow, dull, but free from great anxiety or large exertion. From that time men who should have rejoiced in the gift which came to 'him gathered round him to annoy him. and accuse him, to make his new sight a burden to him; and even his father and mother, to whom 'he might have looked for sympathy, turned upon him the hard faces, which seemed to make it hardiy worth tie while to be able to look upon the features of a friend. The poor man's ignorance was appalling, but Shrewdly he took hold of what he knew, and worked simply with. that. "This man is a sinner," people said to him. They denounced, and they would have him denounce, the Stranger who had given him his sight. To all their reasoning he could make no answer. He was wise m keeping himself free from what he did not know. And finally, when they had wor ried and badgered him to the last, he cried out with the wit and shrewdness ot a man who had done much thinking, still cling ing to the part he knew, "Gentlemen, have compassion upon me. I am a poor man. I have never had any chance. I have never been to school. I cannot answer you. .T do not know anything about these tilings you are throwing at me. Whether He be a sinner or no I know not. One tlhin^ I know; that whereas I was blind, now I see." On that "pin-point of his experi ence" 'he stood, and from it nothing could move him. Well, they turned him out of the Church. So much they could do. But they could not turn him out of himself or away .from Christ. Jesus met him, for He heard that they had cast him out, and He turned a compassionate look upon the new eyes and said, "Dost thou believe on the Son of God?" Mark the answer. ' if I knew who He was, I think I should believe on Him"-it was not that he said. It was a forward, straight-out confession "Who is He. Lord, that I might believe on Him?" "Thou hast both, seen Him, and He it is that speaketh with thee." And he said, "Lord, I believe," and he worshipped Him. Thus from the first moment when Jesus spoke to him to this last moment of revelation the man born blind stood m front of his ignorance, took what he kneij need what hp knew, worked what he kne! into his life, and became tlie confessor, the first man to suffer for his faith in Jesus Christ. What wonder that one of our most brilliant, philosophic preachers should say, "When I would know just what Chris tianity is in its last analysis I must make a careful study of what passed between Jesus and the man born blind?" The times that we are living in greatly need this practical method. Great ques tions of religion and of life are tinder dis cussion. Nothing escapes the scrutiny of the eager, restless ? mind of man. Out of this time of scrutiny the great truths will come, and 'they will not suffer shock. Mean time itvis a period of unrest, and with many a period., of increased uncertainty. With the best intentions, they feel less as sured concerning many matters .of faith which they have held of great account. Bu't study cannot be checked, searching cannot be repressed, and we must wait in faith and patience, in the quiet confidence that the things which cannot and ought not to be shaken will remain. But for our selves, for our personal life, for our in fluence in the world, the only manly rule is that which is suggested to us here by the blind man'and by .the Apostle-to use what we have, and in the faithful employment of what we know to gain the steady acces sion of knowledge, the constant increase of its truth and power. If- it be necessary 'to write over man}' a page "Silver and gold have I none," we certainly are abl£ to write over many another page "Such as I have." In t'lie use of what we have let us come to be Christ's disciples. In the use of w'hat we 'have let us advance to higher discipleship, ever learning, ever teaching, steadily getting, steadily giving. When we take account of life let us give especial 'heed to that which we 'have. If we find that we have not the means by which we might do some work Which is waiting for us, the result is not to be in activity, but the doing some other work "with the force in our hands.. If we had silver and gold we would give them, but oftentimes they cannot meet the want, and oftentimes they are poor, gifts. Modern c'haritjr 'has learned the lesson,; and is striving to teach it to .us, that money is seldom the best gift to the poor, but the help to get money, which shall main tain self-respect, promote industry, and all 1 ?the virtues. ' If some day I find I have no j silver and gold, then let me go down to the 1 beautiful gate of the Temple and work some simple miracle. I can help the same lame man; I can read to some blind man; I can comfort anid ^treagthen:; I 'can bless; I and1 even warttmg many, -things which | might be of service, I can do those larger I things .which Christ has told me of, saying. "The works tha!t I do shall ye do; and greater works than, these." Let us not forget that this Ancidemt of,the Temple was but tihe picture, of His life. Silver and , gold, Christ had none. In not one instance I m the Gospel did He give this kind of, help, but He gave men strength and com1 fort and eternal life. One thing He al ways had, and He gave that. That one thing every man has, and whatever be his property, every maai, like Christ, can, give -himself. And no man is f>oor who has 'himself to give. - . 