SHREDS AND PATCHES. BY ARGUS. "It's an ill wind that blows no one good." The tourist postage plasters were issue about a week before Christ mas, and they take an awful lot of lick ing. I am credibly informed that such a general thirsthas set in,that according to the books of various establishments, the sale of aerated waters and ale for the week ending December :30 is far in excess of any week in November or the earlier months. They were talking about the war, the Tasmanian contingent, and everything connected therewith, when one said "I say, Bill, did you see that par in the papers about the, number of bullets fired by the Germans in the Franco-German war to every man killed or wounded?" "No, how many was there?" Why, 1240." "Great Scott, and they wouldn't take me because I wasn't a good enough marksman! If I couldn'.t bring down .a Boer in half that number of goes, why I'd eat him! Jerusalem, and yet they brag about the Germans being good soldiers!" The Boer sense of the ridiculous must be decidedly blunt. I see Joubert has sent word to General Buller that the losses on his side during the. recent attack on Ladysmith amounted to four killed and fifteen wounded. Great Caesar! What would they say in Eng land or the colonies if Britishers had permitted themselves to. be repulsed at all points after having hbad only four killed and fifteen wounded'? Yet the country-bred Boer swallows all this humbug without question, and shoulders his Mauser in confidence that the "verdomnme rooinek" can neither shoot or fight, and his brethren merely retired from Ladysmith to. get in out of the wet. "What will they say in England?" is the title of a patriotic song. That is the question Tommy Atkins fre quently asks himself, with exultation when he is victorious, with, sorrow when his side meets with a reverse. The feeling is vividly described in a few verses I read in' a Coolgardie paper I came across the other day: Hustlin' clouds an' the moon. betwixt, An' a cursed drizzlin' rain; Rifles loaded an' bay'nets . fixed, We stare in, the dark in vain. Dazed an' drenched to the skin an' stiff An' achin' an' tired an' wus; None's complainin', for seems as if, Ole England is watchin' us. England's trustin' we'll do 'er well Just sleavin' 'er unime with us! Whisslin' bullet and screechin' shell Ain't nothink to mike no fuss. Wen we've given them Boers our weight D'yer know, what fust we sy? 'Chortle in England, won't they mate?' 'There's cheerin' at 'ome to-day!' There is an old sla,w"which states that honesty is the best policy; but some one .has also, said-"He is a fool who acts on the principle." Be that true or otherwise, I am not now going to argue; but simply state th'at for cnam pion meaness there is a man in, one of our agricultural centres who can claim the title. Recently he lost a good sum of money, which was picked up by a young man and restored to the owner. Did the finder receive a reward? Not much; didn't, even get a thank you. But, it is said, that naving carefully counted the notes, and found them in tact, the grateful bucolic told the lad that when he wanted to go fishing he might go through the brier paddock to the river; but on no account was he to pluck the brier berries, "because the missus wanted them berries to make into jam." There's one young man in Tasmania who, when it comes towbeing "slim," would make a good match' for even President Kruger. He, like the Boer, believes everything is fair in love and war. He had tried in vain for months to bring the girl of his heart to say the word that would make him the hap piest of men, but the little coquette wouldn't. As he was already a volun teer, a bright idea struck him. one day, so he sent in his name. as a volunteer for the South African contingent. He knew he hadn't a .ghost of a show of being taken, for his chest measurement was about five inches short, and he couldn't "hit a barn if he was inside, and the door shut." However, the dodge worked, for when he told her that her hard-heartedness had ren dered life worthless, that on the first opportunity he would storm Cronje's entrenchments single-handed she broke down, and confessed that she did love him a little bit. He was half afraid lshe would hack out when he was not chosen, but she didn't, and if all goes well there will be a wedding shortly. She is getting her frock made, other wise I would have said nothing about it. "Briton v. Boer" is a tropic subject of discussion on the West Coast at pre sent. At one hotel two of the boarders made themselves especially obnoxious to loyalists. The landlord, who hails from the "land o' cakes," and is a staunch Eritisher, stood their taunts for some time. but one of the boarders, after a remark had been passed to the etl'ect that "it was to be hoped' the Modder would bh in floo;d witllh the blood of the Tasmanian contingent," asked that the words should be retracted. The request was met with derisive laughter, and the sturdy Tasmanian replied with one straight from the, shouldol, which almost crackied the jaw of the loer, and sent him post haste to the nearest doctor. Some days afterwards he and his chulm ventured to gloat over the disaster to the Highland Brigade, when the landlord pulled them up with a. riound turn by this emphatic notification:-"See here, you twa, I've stood yeer taunts at Eng land; I've stood yer insults tao my guests; I've stood the want of com pany at my table through you; but 1 canna' stand yer insultin' my Heelan friens-I'm one myself-sae either tack yer meat quietly or gang some ether place, I'd rather ye wad gae away." Shortly there will be two vacant, chairs, and M' Tavish will require additional help to the cook and waitress. They were cousins, and had been spending the Christmas holidays in company, one coming from the southern end of the island to do so. Among their many and varied amusements fishing played a prominent part; and t he southerner was keen on the sport, with a view of beating his country re lative at the game; but somehow he al ways came oil second best. On a re cent Saturday they ararnged for an all night fishing excursion, and carried out the programme, getting a fair haul, and arriving home shortly before break fast next morning. Thinking to have some extra sport, an eel that was rather lively was placed in the water tank. and a, baited hook held temptingly be fore it; but nary a bite did the young fisherman get till becoming im patient the town boy jerked the hook out of the tank, and it entered the other fellow's finger, Suddenly the hooked one fell to the ground in apparently a dead faint; the sight being too much for the other, he also went down in a limp lump. Seeing the boys thus lying, the mother of one of them event to as certain the cause, and great was her astonishment to hear the city youngster wail out, in a voice rendered weak by fear-"Please, auntie, me and Jack have fainted. He got a hbook In his finger, I couldn't help it." Matters were put right; but to ask either of them now "when they are again going celing" is likely to cause a coolness between them and their best friends. 