-3LACKEDY. But ettUhi* tongue rim OS, Add with Ita everiisUng obflk Set all men'* «n npon the r«ok.' A Kmab incident: 'Kerchew! kerohow! kerohew t Whew, I caught on awful cold at the picnic yesterday.' 'Well, you would Bit on the hard ground with noth ing Under you ibut a thin gooseborry Tax flying Jordane failed to appear js Hobart on Boxing Night, as an.. fiounoed, owing to part of their company , being detained in Sydney. Mr. Jordan j«i now busy making arrangements for a Hobart season at a later date. Donald Macdonald, the man who ' sat down in Ladysmith,' says he is going to lecture as long as people oan endure him. Bis object is not to flute jingoism or in flate militarism. Mac wants to build a, house ; but when the audienoe start to assist by passing brioks on the platform he protests he will return to journalism. The organising committee of the Mel bourne Trades Hall shows for its seven or eight months' work 46 unions, organised or resuscitated, whose aggregate mem bership will exceed 7o00. '1 'he industrial army of organised labor in Victoria now exceeds the numbers of the boom years, and as a consequence wages are generally showing a very decided upward move ment. Thc libel action, John O 'Sullivan v. The People newspaper, a Socialistic organ published at Newcastle, claim jgWO damages, will specially interest shellbacks and those who trade upon the waters. The writ was only issued on .November 9, although the alleged de 1 tarnation was published last March, wherein the plaintiff was accused of plying the nefarious trade of a crimp. Ths Melbourne printing machinists and stereotypers having recently farmed trade unions, the Argus people objected to their men joining the ranks of orga nised labor. The Clipper's old friend, Stephen Barker, waited upon the Argus proprietary, and after some parley assurance was given that the men were free to Join their respective unions or leave them alone. As the printing trades come under the Victorian Factory Act, which has always been bitterly opposed by the Argus, the per mission reluctantly given was compul sory. As prognosticated by the Clipper oracle, tbe Davis Co. failed to draw holiday houseB at the Boyal. Indeed, no sane persons could be expected to stock themselves into that happiest hunting ground for the hungry flea these warm summer nights. Individually, the Davis Co. are by no means ' wasters ' at the show business, and given decent management the result would be, in the ordinary course of things theatrical, fair biz. Sweetmeats may come from a lion's pelt; but the best of companies would find themselves utterly damned, tinder the existing execrable conditions at the Theatre Boyal. A new structure \- is much required, worked under the business acumen of liberal-minded tlewep. Tbs Even Nooze has been screechingly tunny during the week, and promises to furnish an increasing c&chinnatory; exercise for ita readers. Last Saturday, or thereabouts, fiighteous Ronald shook the dust of the Nooze from his feet, and members of the staff congratulated him accordingly. Then Ronald held forth and talked things within the Bacred preoinote of the office. The proprietary thereupon objected to the substance of their ex-editor's harangue, and although their readers were not particularly in terested, a leader appeared avowing the paper's politics.ineidentally giving Bonald a nasty shove out of the office's front door. Meanwhile they were beholden to the oourtesy of i-uiith for loaders, and one of Smith's oogitatory illuminations actually followed the insulting article, which probably emanated from the legal office of the proprietary. Then Smith appears to have gone on the rampage, and anyhow, the wobbly paper kicked itself, and inserted an apologetic para graph. At latent Ronald Smith, Uelli brand, or somebody else is threatening to buy the Nooze and reinstate Bonald in the editorial sanctum. Until further developments occur, things Even Npoze editorial are likely to remain in a state of 'pie.' ? ' ? Hobabt's comic, the Tas, Nooeb, asserted on Thursday ' That tho Taa manian Premier will be offered the post of First Federal Premier. Ttwb Tas mania will be greatly honored if this comas off,' One item of Boer plunder sent back to Maoriland and proudly exhibited by a local Contingenter was a stolen birthday book belonging to General Botha's daughter! Through railway connection is now established between Burnie and the West Coast, and bo we have another im portant link of connection. The seasick person oan now travel from Hobart to Zeohan without so much as touching salt water. New Ybab's Evb this year will revive traditions of sjogmaney. The Federal League has a supper, with apeeohes, by way of celebrating the 'inauguration of the Commonwealth, end dissolving itself. In addition to that, there is the new century to, be considered and welcomed. On tbe whole, New Tear's- Eve promises to be a High Old Time. The first Federal Cabinet will consist of ' aii the talents.' Not quite a cen tury ago ' All the Talents ' undertook to govern old England and to extricate her from the Napoleonic wars. They failed j and in Australia it is just probable that Lyne'e Ministry of Mediocrity would have succeeded, where Barton's is doomed for failure. A Ministry of AM- the Talents is Bure to be smothered in the masses of its own shadow. That French horse-serum cure for drunkenness that we heard so much about a short time ago appears to have turned out — like so many other abnormal sorts of cures — a dismal failure. The doctors' theory was to the effect that, if you made a horse thoroughly drunk, and then ex tracted serum from him, and injected it into a man, he would never get drunk any more. But apparently, it takes more than one drunken horse to keep a man from drinking; when his mind is made up that way all the king's horses, drunk or sober, and all the long's men couldn't do it. The Imperial troops will not reach Hobart until the 28th January : a shock ing disappointment for the girls. Noted also that, in Sydney, these highly trained men have proved strangely indifferent to the blandishments of the Sox.' They marched through Sydney streets like animated statues, and not even the prettiest woman playing temptress got the ghost of a half -Bmile from anyone of them. Tho very larrikinesses were silenced and abashed by such supreme indifference. When the Combings first came down to town and took a suburban cottage they engaged a servant. Combing had an antipathy — founded on much pastoral experience — to registry offices, and told Mr--. C. to pick up a girl haphazard, which, after some trouble, Mrs. C. did, contented with a verbal assurance that the new domestic had served 'in the best famblies in town.' During the second day tie mistress said, 'Mary Jane, you can take that white muslin drr-a of mine and put it in soak.' 'Tea, mum,' replied Mary Jane, with an understanding smile, ' and 'ow much shall I arst on it, mum?' Itorterfetchsevingan'a sprat at Isaac stein's,' At the International Women's Congress held this year in Paris, Madame Pognon, president of the French League of Women's Bights, opened the Congress by speaking on ' Tbe Economic. Civil, and Political Bights of Women.' An in teresting discussion on ' Female Labor ' and 'Equal Salaries for Equal Work,' followed. A somewhat novel point was ;oade by the appointment of a committee to inquire into ' means for the revalua tion of women's household work.' Such momentous questions as an 'Equal Standard of Morality for Both Sexes' and 'Early Marriages' were briskly discussed. There was also a motion for legal recovery of damages by breach of promise of marriage, which action cannot, at present, be taken in France. Tbe Christmas holidays have passed without special event or any sort of acci dent. On Christinas Day, the weather being perfect, folk stayed at home, for the most part, and consumed iudi gestibles. On Boxing Day— being the hottest day of the season up to date-^ everyone was afield. The Oonali took the annual big crowd of excursionists on behalf of St. Joseph's Orphanage to Port Arthor. The sea was smoooh, $ie breezes light, but moderately cool, everything favorr able, This was probably the pleasantest excursion of t);e days. A record crowd shipped to Brown's JJjyor per the Nubeena and Beautiful Star, ana a great throng of pleasure-seekers went to New Norfolk. At New Norfolk the annual regatta was the centre of attraction, and people made all possible attempt at en joyment, despite the blistering heat. But New Norfolk is a veritable patch of hell on a hot day, and tho heat was lurid and intolerable on Wednesday. Tax Will Wallace Vaudeville and Waxworks supply amusement for the million at ' a tanner a nob/* and don't fail to fill the Temperance Hall nightly with a good humored crowd bent upon enjoying themselves. The show is a good one. Will Wallace and Tim Howard keep things laughing, while Miss Priscilla Verne, Charles Waite, Miss Lottie South well and Co. fil{ tha bill with up-to-date songs and variety turns, The waxworks contain some fine groups of figures, life sized and faithful portraits. Kruger and Cecil Rhodes are splendid studies, and, unlike the familiar jingo Kruger pictures, the old Trans vaalian appears to be quite a benevolent old party. The group of Breelong out laws is typical of the Australian aborig nal ; and there are several other most in teresting royal and historical figures and groups. The show runs another week, with rapid changes of programme and introduction of novelties by the several artists. Lovers of high-class music should not forget Trueloyes Concert Season to open on Wednesday njg^t p* *ip Town Hftfi. On several occasions the Hobart tram conductors have been promised, a higher wage rate than their present wage, Sis 6d per week. In order to test the company's goodwill towards their labor, the men have sent a courteous letter to Manager Parker asking for 80s per week. The Cmpphb hopes Mr. Parker, trill concede this much deserved Now Year's gift, as the tram travelling public know the con ductors, and esteem them as very civil and capable young fellows. In the event of a strike very decided sympathy will g« with the strikers. An I.voioritBKT. — Rntton meat sup plied for tho consumption of British soldiers i rotten paper boots for his wear i inferior cordite for his defenoe! All that investors whose interests are opposed to war may turn an honest penny t Tet one reason why the English are crush ing the Transvaal Republic la on account of the corruption there. The wicked satellites of Mr. Krager passed transactions which were not necessarily dishonest and yet did not come up to the required test of honesty 1 What righ teous people wo are and how dearly we see the mote in other people's eyesl — South Afbioan Nbwb. While it lasted, the Coningham Divorce case created almost m intense interest as the famous Dean ease. The amount of hard swearing indulged in on both sides— -Coningham and Coningham — must have sufficed to make old Annanias jealous, and yet the earth didn't open and the court-house didn't even tremble. Such things make even the most orthodox doubt Bible history. Coningham conducted his case in a most able manner, and the way in which he dealt with Dr. O'Haran made the prelate's hair stand on end, Barrister Jack Want was also as virile as cayenne, and insulted the defendant: wife promis cuously as the '? Garrison Hack.' In the streets the Orange and Omen factions waxed vicious, and a Beries of fights raged within the precincts of the court during the trial. Sydney glories in a faction fight; and with whetted appetite scandal is now busy blasting tbe good name of another very high B.C. dignitary. Apropos of the Divorce Case, Abigail, who was Coningham's solicitor at the outset, was acquitted at the Sydney Quarter Sessions on the charge of suborning, popularly called squaring, a witness) and it is generally surmised that had this case been tried before the Divorce Case, the petitioner would have succeeded in his suit. Tbe Crown witnesses were so-called private detec tives — pimps, bludgers, etc.— and so soon as the case for the Crown was finished, the jury intimated that they had heard enough and forthwith gave their verdict as above. Barrister CK H. Beid (ex Premier) handled the 'knowing push' skilfully, and under cross-examination each and every one gave a different version to that given at the Police Court. One gent got even on Beid, who de manded 'Now do say, Yes or No.' Witness replied: 'I'm not like you Mr. Beid, always Yes- No.' Collapse of the Federal wobbler. 'Whenever I think of a boiler I saw over in Texas the other day,' said an assurance inspector just back from a trip through the Lone Star State, ' I feel an icy creeping about the_ roots of my hair. I found it on a hillside in a country town, but I am by no means certain it ii still there, In t aot, I wouldn't even bet on the hfll being in tbe same place. The boiler was extremely old. It looked as if it might belong to the glacial period, and was totally devoid of indicators, gauges, or anything else to show the head of steam or quantity of water. The proprietor was a placid German, who told me he filled it every morning with a bucket. I asked him how he estimated the pressure, and he replied that he occa sionally let off a little steam and if it ' looked blue ' he ceased to poke the fire. After I heard that explanation I hastily retired to the other side pf the town, and didn't breathe easy until the train pulled out. The old boiler has been rock ing along for this last ten years, and its presence on earth each consecutive day of that period is a full-blown, 18-karat miracle. It le a oapital illustration of the deep depravity of inanimate things. If it was located in the heart of the city, where it could blow up a hundred or to human beings at one fell swoop, it would explode in less than five minutes by the watch. Out there, where the best it could do would be to mix up the Dutchman and the hiU, it evidently doesn't consider the results worth the exertion. '— N. Evy Orleans Picayune. 