MONTfORDHOUSE. " Well, sir, how do you like the house? " (lid the hauee sgent, as the.samo gentleman who had called yesterday entered the offici}. "So much litu^ I should like to. lake it for . the Bumrntr," s^M tho young man; my sister is also pleased with ii. Who IS the owner! " •' The owner, sir, was a Mr. AVyndham. • who UBOd to live there, but died quite suddenly a month ago on a visit to London. His executors are the. persons to. treat with. The affairs seem to have been left in some confusion, but then; is no doubt you could have the house for the period you mention. " It Jooks the sort of place that ought to have a story," said Louis Lennox, while tho. agent-wrote down the executors' names. . " 1 never hoard that it hud, sir; no ghosts or anything of that sort," 'said the agent, smiling. " Mr. Wyirdhum cameinto it unexpectedly about'two years ago, through the death of a cousin—a. very young lady, I believe. But' lie dime from another county, and hcf jiuoplc-tfid not live fierc, so 1 don't know much aliout thein. The place was al; ways let till'air. Wj'ndham tdolc to living in it»" - ' " '' ! ... . Mr. Lennox thanked tbe.agent and'lcfi the ottice. .The week after he and his sister took possession of Montford House, ready furnished, and in good order, for what pro-, misbd to be a brilliant summer. Nellie, some years older than her brother^ahd dfcvoted t<> him, was delighted with tlic-plice.' They brought their own servauts, especially as &ir.; Wyndham, it appeared, bad only kept a couple of elderly women servants. • The iiorary, a pleasant room, was used by the young master of the house as his study, for he was a great studen!. A smaller room opened out of the library, and was useful for surplus books; the window opened into the garden. The first day they were Settled—which was Boon—Lennox sat down in the library one afternoon to write some letters. Before he had been busy long he had dropped his pen and looked round: then cot up and went into the little study. Nellie, coining in at the moment, asked what, was the matter. " H sounded as if someone called out,"said Lennox, looking perplexed. " 1 can't locate the. sound, either." " The servants arc all out at the back, and I've come from tho drawing-room," said Nellie. " It's fancy." " I heard it several times, and then, as if things—heavy things—were being moved about.' " If.you hear it at night it may be ghosts," said she, laughing. '., He. heard it*o continuously that begot nervous; it came from behind the wall of the library, bill llirre TO no room there, as the outer wall of t ji.c house was not thick enough to contain, another apartment- But there was no doubt a voice seemed to be coming out, a muffled cry, as if distance or some obstacle subdued it. What could it be ? i>wnox declared he could not stand it, and an' architect was called in to tap and sound the walls and give his opinion. "It's a human voice." said Lennox' to liis sister, " there's something uncanny about the place. I dream o' that voice; I can't stop here if our search ii baffled." Nellie did not laugh at linn. The architect discovered nothing, and thought Mr. Lennox must have over-studied. " Nobody can be .shut up there," said .\rllie, "you can't imagine such an absurd thing, Louis.""' " 1 don't imagine anything, 1 hear sounds I. can't account for, whether they arc human or nut : and I mean to lind them out if I pull down the place for it." • The night.- of tile architect's departure, Lennox. after the-household had gone to bed, began'a pearch'for himself. He heard nothing to-night, and almost persuaded himself he was the victim of fancy. It was eerie wor{(, too; the sounds might he audible and yet lie produced by nothing tangible. Again his search seemed hopeless, and as a sort of forlorn hope he went into tile little study. He had sometimes fancied the mysterious voice sounded nearer there. He opened the door of a large closet already surveyed, and began there what he -meant to - morrow to do everywhere—take up the,flooring. He had tools, and he knew how to u?c them. None of tile planking was loose; what struck him was that in one place it was almost unusually tightly laid. He bent himself with throbbing heart, to force this up. Suddenly he sprang to his feet with a smothered exclamation; beneath tile planking aA he lifted it,hc saw, not. the foundation beneath, but a dark deep" aperture. He caught up his lamp and bent- down ; the light fell, on a narrow stairway. He lifted himself, with his heart in his thrOBt, and paused a minute to st-cady himself. Then he began to carefully descend the stair, marking tile direction it took. It went towards the gardens, and-was short, and wide enough, as he found, to take two very'slight persons—women say—abreast. At the bottom a door met him, fastened with bolts, and locked. It took him some time to unfasten this door. He knew he must now be under the garden immediately outside the study windows. Ho pushed back the door slowly ; it was heanrv, and he was in a strung-up staUs of dread and suppressed excitement. He found himself in a small chamber, windowless and as cold as ice. Some very old furnitiirein disorder about the room lie did not no.ticc; his eyes went; straight to a'lnore startling objcct—a. woman's form, lying /ace. dowift'On the.'floor. .. Lennox scarcely breathed as he krielt down,by this unhappy creature—dying or dead— and lifted her gently. . " Good God I" ho whispered, horror struck. A mere girl, whose head lay heavy on his arm, and her long, fair hair swept the floor. She looked uttterly lifeless and so terribly worn and "emaciated that it was impossible to find any traces of beauty, or even to what class %he 'belonged.' He wasted no time in con* jeeturep, but lifted her in his arms. He was strong and slip less weight than a child; he could easily carry her up the stairs. In Jess time, than it took him to descend ho was up again, and carried iiisstrange burden into tjtie library where the Arc—for the nights were chilly —still burnt. He fetched brandy and water, when lie had, laid the girl on couch; and forced some between her closed teeth. Almost despairing ot success, he persevered, and at. last waited in a sort Of agony, holding the poor child close to him, .while slowly and painfully she struggled back into feeble life. But her eyc» only stared up vaguely into her rcscucr's face; she could neither speak nor move. Lennox said, softly: " You aro safe, 'my'child; J will-take care of you," though ho scarcely knew whether she would understand. Some cruel wrong must have been done her—a creature so young and helpless that it would seem the * basest could not harm her. Lennox fetched - his sister, and told her in a few words his strange discovery, Nellie, surprised and wondering, lost no time in putting tho poor girl in her own bed, and Lennox himself went for (he doctor. For two days they nursed her like their awn; .she. lying in tha .utmost extreme of prostration. Meanwhile Lennox had searched :hc hidden chamber, and found there a vessel that had contained a portion ot water, and the remnants of some bread. It wns no use to call in the pqlicc.nll the girl could speak, for everyone else was'at. sea. Lennox himself was watching by her, one night, when she first opened her lips. >Slie looked ditfercnt now; in health die would be remarkably preuy. She put out a delicate hand and asked Lennox *' who he m t " " I am Nina," she whispered. " Nina ?" said Lennox, folding the little hand in his with a thrill at his (tesut; do. you remember your other same t" " Yes—Wyndham." He was too startled to speak at once; she in the same whisper: V My cousin brought mo here—a long, long time ago. I>on't let him see me;" her eyes grew wild. Lennox soothed and re- assured her, and pro- raised he or his sister would never leave her. " Some devil's work here, "he thought, when the girl slept; is it possible that the cousin did not die as was thought, but was to be got out of the way by slow • starvation; perhaps this Wyndham would have her money. And his death has frustrated hiB vile design." Much of this was the story Nina told. She could not recall cxactly how she had come to this house, but' ehs was clear about her cousin's position: at her death he'eame 7 into possession of her. property. Slut had had some food, and as Jong as any stieflfcth remained to her, had ceaselessly cried for help. Sometimes.sh'c had fell half mad', anil flung the things about in a frenzy. ' Her gratitude to licr rescuers was speechless. The countryside raiig with the story, but the only legal steps taken were to identify' Nina Wyndham; the would-be -murderer, had cscaped- ciirtlily justice. Nina recovered slowly. " Ybu'll' : bc" tired o,f me,'-'she s^id^to Lennox with unconscious, wistfulncssjj . ' ' ., ' ( »"'! This is your bwn.ho.uee," he said, Btnil'. ing'; J f you may be tired of us." , ' '" Oh, no! how could 1 he ?" " " How could I be V' said Lennox,'- softly, taking a willing hand—" not even for.a.'life time." " You've the best right to ine," Nina whispered, after a happy minute. " You saved my life; it ought to be yours." The underground room was filled up." No one else shall ever suffer as 1 did,"said Nina; and even in the sunshine of love, and car* she never could bear to recall that time. 