REBEL VICTORIA AND THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL Victoria has been guilty of many back slidings of late years, but those of us -who love her cannot leave off believing that she is pregnant with Liberty. 'We can overlook much when we re member the great rebuff she got from another England when, in the Berry .days, she went pleading to her for the excision of the Legislative Council cancer that was poisoning the efforts of her best blood to establish in her a circulation of Freedom and social com fort unexcelled on earth. That rebuff from one who, we had the xight to think, would, as she had the power, soothe our political agony, ?caused the bulk of us to lose heart for the pursuit of high political, social and ethical ideals, and pluuged us, to forget oar shame and pain, into the drunken orgies of mammon- worship, political .compromise (a Lie apotheosised from ?devildom into a Principle of the Commonweal), and the sordid, putrid .magnificence of the Boom. We have been learning latterly that Pig-sty Ideals mean not only an .?occasional plenty for the moment, but a chronic slush and smell of poverty and degradation all round the ti'ough. We are getting now into the cynical .stage, which asserts that Political 'Poltroonery doesn't pay divs., that after all since Dishonesty has proved such a. Tegrettable failure we can't lose much |(having nothing) by giving Honesty ^another show just for., a- change, aud ihat Circe's wiue, although very nice to Hook at, has got such n lot of salicylic in it that we'd better sample another 3-raud. We're getting over the Hog Drunk and were jast in the last throes pi : the , 3Blood Drunk, bat with the help of the cyme's walking-stick we seem to be anaking a sort of a bee line to Political and Social Sobriety and Virtue again. For ins-tance, that fight in rhe Assembly the other night over the 'Voting by Posr Bill, when the influences «»£ the pore fil daily 'Age' and 'Argufl,' combined with the whole weight of the brainy Conservatives, the 3)latant Tories, and the flapdoodle X/iberaJs, .only succeeded in passing the .second reading of that ballot- bludgeon- ..???? -.??'?? ? ' ?? . ,; ?'?? ' -' \ ' ** ' ' ?? ing measure by an unworkable majority of one. When, such signs appear in such a heathen quarter as the Assembly, what strange aud healthy movements must be taking place in the wards of Proletaria outside. You can never wholly equelch, even by land booms and coalition Bacchanalia, a true rebel except by annihilating him; and even then his blood *has got suclr sprouting qualities that it doesn't pay to try it. And Victoria-is innately rebel . Ask Eureka, ask the grave shade of Higinbotham, the relentless equatter haunting ghost of Longmore (whose wraith will do after his death what his coward henchmen prevented him doing when he was alive, namely, wither the Land-Fiends.) Yes, she is rebel, that is to say she will be free. J A. Andrews, in a recent splendid article on Austra lian- Federation in the French review, ' THumanit^ Nouvelle,' has pointed out this rebel strain in Victoria in a -way which should make every true Victorian's blood tingle with pride and hope. -But what's the good of being rebels , when we've got a Legislative Council ? That's the theme really of the foregoing, We want to fire our compatriots with a determination, now that the opportunity of a generation has put the power in our hands, to rid Victoria of that cancerous incubus. : .- :? .. ??? 'U .; i . ? . ? ? . t . ' ? . . ., The Federal elections are coming on, and on a practically one-man-one- vote franchise. Several members of that Council would gladly drag down their own Pandemonium and Bill-strangling Abattoirs for the bare chance of getting a seat in the Federal Houses. Let us dangle the carrot before them (beiug careful, of course, to snatoh it away at the proper moment), make use of their fear of a class-cry being raised against them, make use* of their ambitions, and we may be sure that the vile type of human nature, eo common in Vic. plutocratic circles, will snatch at the bait— and af our price. ... '. The raising of a class-cry means that not oue of the crowd would be returned iu Victoria. They know this, and fear it, and it is our plain duty to play on their fears. But the work must be done at once or the chance will pass away, perhaps for a * generation. Whether it is doue by an informally convened popular coh: vention, or by a statutory one, or by an Act of Parliament, now is the time to insist on the ''Reform of the Legislative Council in the direction of Abolition.' If the chamber has got to stay here, it can only be tolerated. on, say, Federal Aco lines (payment of members, no property qualification for ? voters or members, double dissolutions, or pre ferably referendum in case of dispute, etc ). ??'-.. They can be hustled into unwilling consent in several ways. For instauce, stonewalling ; the Federal Electorates Bill would move them to action by the fear that the whole twenty- three seats in. the People's House and the six in the Senate would go by block vote to the Radical majority ; compromising their members by forcing questions like Factories legislation, Old Age Pensions, etc., upon their notice, will set up such a craven fear of offending large bodies of Federal electors that they will to counteract the offence be quite ready to submit to a revision of the Constitution ; and contiuual reproduction, in dodger form, of their utterances on the Federal platforms as to the Democratic nature of the Federal Bill, will help' consider- ably to shut up their profess against drastic reform of the ^Council on Democratic lines. ♦ Bat whatever is done, let rebellious Victoria prove that she can be effectively rebellious by seizing the one chance she has had in twenty years of ridding her self of the most .cunningly . devised barb-wireentanglementagainstFreedom, Social Comfort, and an /Ethical Demo cratic Ideal that has ever barred Progress. The removal of the Legis lative Council is the first great step to social emancipation in Victoria.- Let Victoria then prove that she has at leugth arisen finally from her swill tubs of compromise and social wrong by now removing it. . 