OF INTEREST TO EVERYBODY. THE " ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA." A COMPLETE LIBRARY IN ITSELF. The " Encyclopaedia Britannica " (9th Edition) is already known to everyone, but it is of interest, in connection with the remarkeble offer of the London Times, to note the proportions of its Component parts. It coasiBts of twenty- foar massive volumes, about 850 pages each, and a twenty-fifth volume containing an elaborate index to the whole. In addition to the 30,000,000 words which flll its 21,164 pages of letfcerpn ss, it contains 340 fall-page plates and some 670 maps and plans occupying, less than a page each. There are also 7 456.other illustrations. Over 1100 writers contributed to the work, and a sum of more than £60,000 was paid for the manuscript alone. Its ezqnisite printing, and the care with which it is bound, combine with the editorial outlay to make it one of the most costly works ever offered to the public. And the price fixed oy the publishers was necessarily a high one—in some measure a prohibitive one. But.the present offer of The Times has remedied this one defect, -overoobft'tbid one obstacle^ and the "book that answers questions " has now become accessible to every thoughtful man who has questions to ask of it. - The " Encyclopedia Britannica " embraces all branches of hnman- knowledge, and was written by specialists of the highest distinction. Not only men of learning—scholars, divines, roasters of science and philosophy, hut also men of action—statesmen, soldiers and sailors, financiers, jurists and surgeons, aptistp and engineers, manufacturers,^sportsmen, and 'travellers, have contributed to the pagefe of this most comprehensive library of reference. To the casual inquirier it presents all the advantages j which a libraiy of a. thousand chosen volumes yields to the trained scholar who is thoroughly acquainted with each of tho thousand. It may, indeed, be said to 'be «the essence of all books, ancient and modern, piepared for convenient use." The contents of; the twenty-four volames are placed in alphabetical order, and a copious index, occupying the twenty-fifth volume, facilitates cross reference. In the desire to.secure convenient disposition of the contents, the quality of interest has not, however, been sacrificeS. The " EncyclodwJia tSjnbtanrag^ not £ mBre aia to memory, to, be hftstily ^consulted ip moments of emergency; it is not only ihe greatest of works of reference,jTbutitjp a library in itself, a'collection of admirable treatises upon all conceivable subjects. Eveiithe most recondite branches of learning are treated without a trace of pedantry. The volumes are eminently readable. The great litterateurs of our day. wrote for it, and eveiy one of them was proud to do his best is such goodly company. The literary quality of the " Encyclopaedia " gives it rank among our classics. The wide knowledge and keen sensfeof fitness that guided the editors to their happy choice- of specialists may be illustrated by the mention of one exquisite combination, Swinburns, on Keats writes not only with the authority of scholarship, but with the even more distinctive authority of a peculiar sympathy in a common craft. Some, indeed, among contempoi ary writers may be said to have done their most faultless work in the pag»s of the " Encyclopaedia." Canon Farrar's article on the early life of our Saviour is not more than twenty thousand words in length, but in concision brings out to the best advantage the remarkable qualities that made 'he " Life of Christ " so deservedly esteemed. It is the outcome of a full mastery tuned up to tense expression. Turning to the article on Beranger, a delicite elaboration of phrase betrays the touch of Robert Louis Stevenson. When Cable writes on Now Orleans the reader need not be surprised to find in the article passages which have been quoted a hundred times. For no writer, not even Dickens, seems so sensitive to impressions of places as the author of " Dr. Sevier " and " Old Creole Days." New Orleans is not only Mr, Cable's home; it is, as it were, his art. Andrew Lang, again, takes the key which his admirers must appreciate when he writes upon Mythology. No suljject unless it be ghosts (and Mr. Lang brings them before us under the heading " Apparitions"), lies c'o«pr 'o Lang's heart than folk-lore. Withhis lasting interest in myths and their ori biii i h., >vu(o knowledge ranges from Greece to Polynesia, he puts before his readers a complete review of the comparative mythologies of civilised and savage peoples, and his critical faculty enables him to present and discuss with great effectiveness the systems of Professor Max. Muller and Mr. Herbert The late Robert Louis Stevenson used to say that the most difficult of literary tasks was to describe a game of cards so clearly that a party could sit down and play at it by book, and to write upon science and philosophy for the unscientific and unphilosophical reader is a task beset by kindred difficulties. A specialist may so master his subject that it ceases to present to his mind the bristles of technicality, but it is only the most profound student who can achieve this happy result. To Lord Kelvin, Lord Rayleigli, or Sir William Crookes, for example, the physicist's point of view must have become second nature. To an astromomer like Sir Robort Ball the paths of the stars and planet> seem altogether simple; they move to and fro as perceptibly as the penny steamers that ply on the Thames. The late Professor Cay ley said that the value of a treatise on pure mathematics depended rather upon the order of its statement than upon its predications; and his article on "Functions" shows that even the most abstruse discussion may display a beauty of construction that brings their complicated formulae into distinct relation to literary style. There are, indeed, in each field of study but a few specialists who can toll- what they know so that he who runs may read, with understanding, and it is hardly, too'much to say that these few are almost all to. be found "iri the ranks of theEncyclopedia B^annica's " contributors. The " Encyclopaedia " gtive no hospitality to the sort ef "harmless drudges" who used- to compile works of referenee when tho world was younger Nor is the " Encyclopaedia," indeed, in any sense a compilation. The'names given here were selected because they are at the momont very much before the public. They bring homo to the leader's mind the vivid and immediate interest of the work ' Men and women distinguished in every field of activity were engaged in the task of preparing this matchless library, and a complete list of their names is no bad substitute for a roll of honour in contemporary letters and science. To the student of any special art or science, other names in" the full roster might appeal with greater force, but to every general reader even this brief list of acknowledged celebiitiei will convey some sense of the distinction which characterises the contents of the volumes. The children and tho youug folks around the fireside will also'find much in triie pages of the "Encyclopedia Britannica" to prepare them to take their part in cultivated society, or to store their minds with the ample knowledge which constitutes the richest treasure of life. 