ST. KILIAN'S PRO-CATHEDRAI. The Office of Tenebrae was continued at St. Kilian's Pro0Cathedral on Thursday Evening. Coadjutor-Bishop Reville [?] sided in the sanctuary, and the clerg at tached tp assisted-"' .* ...-’oitmg the office by the prints LtoiT.Hfc feront parts of the diocese. leathers Xf n v mentations were - swig >y Slli^ ha«, Madden and Ilbohoy. > : y “ R l‘ho sermon was preached/ by V-lie- Father Pebmey. The subject ym - m!: iteal Presence," based on hatli stood one in the midsil S wfiom you know _ not.” These words token from the first chapter of the gospel pf-Sk jS the preacher said, were add«W origin^ the Son of God, although. He dwelt and hved m the midst .of them. Centuries, be ta* the prophets had foretold the tiine'ahd' circumstances of His coming, and ail the rat-om aiixiously and eagerly looked - for ward to the one great,.gnmd event of the future. Pour thousand years rolled bv cud the tilnd :amved for' the fid fibnen t of prophecy r the long-promised Messiah at length arrived. He stood and lived in the midst of the Jewish people but they Knew Him not. Ages had since, rolled by, ones of enlightenment and progress had come and- gone, and the Blessed Presence had been visible, dispelling the shadows of error ! darkness and sin, and bringing jov and glad’ ness to everyone. And yet, alas r how many still remained in darkness? How many within the walls of that church to whom he (the preacher) might address 'the words “there dwells one in the midst of you whom you know nob There were many in our' cities rind towns to whom -His presence urns nothing, jet the groat . God of angels and of men was physically present, in the taber nacles of the Holy Church. God was pre sent with them, that night, -as really as he (the preacher), j*as in the pulpit; Hid they realise His adorable presence ? This was 0 stupendous- topie . It was a inysteryj and like aU mysteries beyond the reach of man’s understanding. Christ performed many prodigies of power, but in the institution of the Blessed Eucharist, whoso 1800 years they were celebrating that night, He had given them a marvellous testimony of His omnipotence, that no intellect could ade quately understand. What then was the Eucharist? It was the body, blood, soul and divinity of Jesus Christ in the appear ances • of bread and wine, the whole sub stance of the bread being changed mt6 the body of Christ, and the whole'substance of the wine being changed info the blood of Christ, and nothing rerimiiiing but the ap pearances of bread and wine. Let them recall to mind what took place iii the sup per-room of tlie first Holy Thursday, 1800 years ago. It was the night before the Pass over ; on the following day Christ was to be* crucified, so He brought the disciples around Him,.like a loving father his. cbiU dren, to hear His dying words, and to give them His last will and testimony, and the ; tokens of His love. -. They wore Christ’s adopted children, and He did mot like leav ing them orphans in a cold,'blealt world. So He left them Himself, He bequeatiied t« them Hie true Presence in the adorable sacrament of the altar. He took bread and changed it into Hie body, and changed wine into His own precious blood, and commanded the disciples to do the-same to the end of time. “Do ; this' in commemoration of me.” > That was the first mass ever said, and it was by the same incomprehensible power that at the very moment the words of consecra tion were pronounced by. priests, as it were by the power of the priest the heavens were opened and Christ Jcteus came down upon the altar to bo .commemorated. Ma terial bread and wine which a moment ago one dare not worship became the body and blood of Christ. Their gratitude was due for this priceless, lasting legacy of the dying Kedoemer. - If they had all the power and riches and pleasures of the world what wculd it avail them if .their souls were lost What a powerful remedy against all evil was the Eucharist! -It was only in the sol emn hour of death that they would realise wbat » treasure they had in their grasp in tho adorable Eucharist.- Ho. wonder their • mother church brought this subject before them in the ead solemnity of Holy Week- No wonder either,-that on a’ night like that, they should set aside the garments of mourning for a while and rejoice. The altars- were •bloT.ing; .with lights, - the ! voices of the children called upon the an gelic citizens to join them in their songs of triumph; Could" they but remove the veil' which covered tlie eyes of ,their frail hu manity what a great and glorious spectacle would they behold! Martyrs, saints, vir gins* and confessors bowing down towards the earth contemplating the glorious scene presented to them. From every, part of the earth one universal song of thanksgiving and ; pralso to the spotless Lamb. Let them not remain silent and impassive spectators on a night like that, in unbelief, look uoon it all as a mockery. There were- Scribes and Pharisees , who mocked Christ, in the same way wlieh He safd He was. tlie Son of Cod. Thoir Holy Church asked them to !ook upon that holy time riot so much a& a consecration -and communication, ea an adoration, Christ was . insulted , and mocked, "and there might be some present who only came to mock. He did not think there was need of many arguments in proof of a doctrine, proved ten thousand times over. The doctrine taught so emphatically by Jesus Christ Himself, the doctrine han ded down from the cradle of Christianity. Christ taking bread .in His Holy hands, blessed and brake it, and gave to His dis ciples, saying “Take ye and eat;this is My I ody,” and taking the wine He' Blessed it and said, /‘Drink y© of this • ■ this is My bleed." Could language be plainer? And yer there wore many blasphemous enough to say this is riot His body, this is not Hi? Hood. In the sixth -chapter of St. John they would read “Your fathers did eat irer.na in the desert, and are dead. He that eateth tins bread shall live forever, and the bread that I will give you-is My flesh for the life of the world/’ The multitude of simple minded men who heard these words were scandalised, and they asked, how can this man give us His flerih rio eat? thereby showing as. dear as possible that they un derstood our Blessed Lord to- mean jHis true body and blood. If Glirisi did not mean that He was bound to' correct them, because those words of His Woiild j.. vo caused countless multitudes to commit- sins of the grossest kinds of idolatry and super stition. He did not correct them, and the multitude said, this sayiim to hard, and who can hear it? Bab Christ confirmed His words saying,/'Ameir, amen! I say to you except ye eat the flesh of ‘ the Son- of Man; tnd drink His blood ye shall riot have -life in you." Wltioli doctrine .would. they con sider safer, jo follow, the Prqtestent or Catholic doctrine ? The Protestant doc/ trine was never; heard , of until " about. 300 years agjo. That doctrine, ‘-had no- better foundations than the iridividiual opinions of J;;en end theologians Who differed among themselves. The doctrine involved the de nial and explaining way of the,dear moan ing of Christ. . The Catliolic doctiine took the meaning of Christ’s words in their clear sense. It followed tho teaching of tlie apostles, and of Jesus Christ Himself, and was not opposed te a solitary text in: the inspired volume. The-Catholic doctrine was not new or novel. It. was as old ns Christianity, handed down in unbroken trar dition from apostolic times to the present tjmo. Unbelievers asked bow it was pos sible Christ was present in tho bread and Vine, as if the Omnipotence of God were to hi measured by the etupidhess qf'humati understanding; The abiding presence of Christ had sustained the TBioly . .Church, through all ages. The preacher concluded with an earnest appeal to all time believer's to partake of commumon, and to pray to tho Holy Ghost that they might be luied vitli a burning love for Christ. Yesterday morning the Mass of the Pro-Sanctified was celebrated by the Yerj Bov. Prior .Meredith, of Rochester. ■ Tlie deacon was Father Smith and the sub-deacon Father Malumey (Swan Hill). The Passion was sung by Fathers Madden, Rooney and Griffin. At f o’clock yester dsj evening th» Tonebrae was continued, the church being crowded. Bishop Rovillc presided. The chanters woro Fatlitfrs Mad den and O’Oarroll, and lamentations wore sung by Fathers Laffan, Madden and Rooney, The isermon was preached by Father Mahoney. Ho spoke from St. John’s Gos pel, 14th chapter, verses 17 and 18, "And bearing his . own cross he wenfc forth, to that place which is called* Calvary . . . /* The ovangellstiin these words, - tlte preachor said, reduced as it were to » compendium j thd 'R'hole. history of Juan?® redemption. I after ..year His Holy‘Fatß/?r called | upon them to celebrate the 'awful and I soiemn event of "the crucifixion, Notliing conduced moitt to the salvation, of souls than to think of what Christ'* had suffered for us. . Let them then gather'arqund the , cvuoifix;tmd behold th6ir Blessed Lord suf ; faring for mankind. The preacher then in | vivid;and impressive words dwelt'upon the of Christ upon the . cross and the' surcoundnag: tlio cruci fixion. In conclusion, ho colled upon his hearers to show gratitude to Christ for what He had borne for. them by loving and serving ; him devotedly hhd faitlifully. At 6 o’clock this morning the ceremony of-tho blessing of fire, baptismal font and paschal candle will take place.. The cele %’Jbislibp; Jdeville. f ’ Pontifical Ujgh Mass will be solemnised at 8 a.m. by the •Ooadjuloxvßishop, assisted bv Fathers V Carroll, Shaimahan and Madden. . 