I The Americans' Success, I"Writing to the London "Sportsman" upon Ame- . rican jockeys and trainers, a Mr. J. S. M'Donald gives a very excellent idea, how it ls that they; have done so well during the last few seasons on the English, turf. He says, in the course of his very able article: "The secret of the American success has always been the intense desire to im prove upon old methods, and the nervous energy, of the foremost sportsmen in America has been wholly devoted to the improvement of their horses, and to the education of their trainers and jockeys up to the highest standard of excellence. All that, the thinkers of England who are interested in the sport of racing need do is to turn back a few pages in the history of the turf, and go back to the year that Prioress won the Cesarewitch, In those days the American Jockey was greatls; ridiculed for his peculiar style of riding. It is amusing to recall the many changes in the Ame rican seat in the saddle. The English seat is the same now as it was half a century ago, while the American seat has been twisted and changed so many times that the different ways employed by American jockeys within the last forty years are known by name and have been classified. Now we will go back to the dead-heat made by. Prioress and two others, whose names I cannot now recall, in the Cesarewitch. At that period the American jockey in the saddle took à position exactly the reverse of the Sloanesque style. He leaned far back in the saddle, with his feet push ed as far forward, as. possible,' and in that unique position endeavored to .get the best result out of the animal he rode; I believe that the American jockey who enjoyed the distinction of riding Prioress in the .'dead-heat for the great handicap was named Tankersly. In the run-off, however, Tahkersly was permitted to stanton the ground; and an English jockey Was given the leg-up on the American. The result was amazing, for Prioress won in a canter. That settled the fate of American jockeys at that time in England, for both Tankersly and Charles Littlefield were promptly shipped home by their employer, Mr, Richard Ten- Broeck, the flrst American who rac ed American horses in England. This was th* signal for a radical change in America, for the erect seat in the saddle was copied, and an effort made to imitate English style, with far from satisfactory results. The Civil War in America in the early sixties greatly inter fered with the sport of racing, and it was not until 1S70 that the sport revived. The lesson taught by Mr. Richard Ten-Broeck was not for gotten, and the American sportsman cast about for the Simon Pure English jockey. It was im possible to secure one from the very first flight, for then, as now, the leading jockeys were auto crats, and would not listen to leaving the home comforts of England, to ride in America, where racing was In a crude state and high salaries? were unknown. They did secure* some clever ex ercising lads, who showed considerable skill in' riding trials. Two of them-William Hayward and "Polly" Peakes-soon became the foremost jockeys of America, and were the leaders in the new move ment that developed the skill of the American' jockey. In addition to their skill as riders, both.' Hayward and Feakes soon accustomed themselves) to pace-riding, or, in other words, to regulate the speed of the horses they were riding, ac cording to the watch, for the "timer" in the; hands of the American trainer is deemed indis pensable.. The American jockeys bf all classes and description, from the nappy-headed negro to the more intellectual apprentices of the North, did their level best to imitate and emulate the Englishmen. Kow well they succeeded Ia only evidenced by the fact that for ten years Hayward and Feakes ranked as leading jockeys in America, and up to the time they resigned their position as jockeys to become trainers, the American jockeys had a wholesome regard for ' them, for they were never beaten until the numbers went up. It is only seven years ago since William Hayward won the Futurity on Morello from a large field, with nearly all the leading American jockeys pitted against him. So much for the English style of riding. Now for the American style. The flrst American to modify the English seat was James McLaughlin', " who rode for the Dwyer Brothers. M'Laughlin leaned forward in the saddle, he was alert and quick at the post, and invariably was flrst away, gaining a lead and a ' position* in the first part of the race» which, on the American circular track, is a decided advantage. M'Laughlin headed the list of winning jockeys in America for seve ral years; his methods quickly attracted atten tion, and were copied by George Church, a light weight jockey, who leaned still farther forward, in the saddle. The next in order was Edward Garrison, whose seat was a counterpart of. Sloan's, without the finish of that remarkable jockey. As Garrison's career-as a jockey ended' Sloan's began, and with the lessons of the past to guide him, and a brilliant opportunity to ex-: périment on horses of various classes and dis--. k positions, Sloan established a distinct school, and. the "monkey-on-the-stick" style, as many Eng lish critics derisively termed it on Sloan's first' appearance in this country, has come to stay, so that with the exception of Mornington Can* non and Thomas Loates, every jockey , in Eng land is imitating the American séat introduced into this country three years ago. One critiO proclaims that with the American seat the joc keys cannot control his. horse, and points out the fact that there is much swerving, crossing, and jostling by. American jockeys. That this is not true has been demonstrated time after time, for every race-goer knows that there has always been, and always will be, more or less crowding, bumping, and jostling in races where the com petitors are asked to extend themselves to the' last ounce. The thoroughbred ls not likely to swerve when going at half speed, but when he is urged to his utmost, and is all out, no matter what seat the jockey may employ, the tired horse is almost certain to swerve/ especially if he iB being punished. Nobody dare say that Mor nington Cannon ls not a finished horseman, and the highest type of the English jockey of to-day> yet a few weeks ago at Windsor his mount j swerved across the course, confusing and retard ing the entire field. There was no comment by¡ the press about this incident, yet when an Ameri can jockey rides close, there ls invariably a1 storm of protest. The answer to these com munications and criticisms is the fact that the average English trainer ia a man of Ideas. wh< learns something every day, and eagerly grasp any opportunity to advance himself In the know ledge of his calling. Their intense desire ti secure the services of American jockeys when ever possible should silence the theorists, for th< English trainers are practical' men, and the fae of their.preference for American.jockeys at th< present, time is a sufficient guarantee that th< advent of James F. Sloan in England has revo lutlonised racing, so far as the jockeys are con cerned,. and the presence of John Huggins Enoch Wishard, J. W. Duke, A. T. Leigh, anc other American trainers is almost sure to caust the progressive element among the Engllsk trainers to adopt many American features in theil system of training. In regard to the use of drugs and stimulante used internally, as well as externally by the means of a hypodermic springe, the statements made cause Americans to laugh, and to make slighting remarks about the mental faculties of .men who, in this enlightened age, believe in ghosts and fairies. One gullible correspondent calmly as sures the readers of a leading newspaper that the preparation used by Americans to accelerate the speed of their horses smells like dead mice. 'As the only rodents seen by Americans in this country have boen extremely lively, this critic must certainly have "smelled a rat." The pun gent odour exhaled from horses trained by Ameri cans may be easily accounted for,- as nearly every American -trainer uses lotions or -liniment, and many of them shampoo their horses* after a hard trial or a race.-- When these animals-run-in races and are led back to the paddock, the fact that they are perspiring and heated causes the odour of the preparations used to be plainly perceptible, at a distance.of-several yards; hence, a-man who appears, to be accustomed to strange and peculiar odours, bas another guess, and should be given an opportunity to write another- letter. The presence of so many Americans will not affect to any marked degree the trainers or jockeys, of England, for American owners will put up English jockeys, many of them will em ploy. English trainers, and when the balance is struck, with all things considered, it will be found that, with forfeits and fees, and the expen diture essential to successfully conduct a racing stable, a handsome margin will. be held in this country. So far as the jockeys are concerned, they are the only ones that have suffered, and their sufferings do not count, for American jockeys have broken down tho barriers that sur rounded the jockey's calling ia England, and have given an opportunity for the bright, snappy apprentice lad to forge to the front, if he has talent and energy, and have done away with the custom of the trainer's son or the jockey's son be ing pushed to the fore to the detriment of tho vast number of lads who are apprenticed year after year to English trainers. In America, the pro gressive boy in a stable is frequently given a mount in a race within three months of the time he joined it.. If a boy in an American stable shows the signs and marks of becoming a jockey, the new sohool of American trainers will push him to tho front, so that within' two or three years from his apprenticeship, his services aro eagerly sought for, and he is looked upon as being superior to the older Jockeys, for he will take chances In races over the narrow, circular tracks of America that the older jockeys avoid. 