THE NOVELIST. "A Little Usurper." chapter" xviit. The whole incident was so inexplicable, and was over so quickly, that it loft John Campbell glaring after the disappearing carriage as if ho had seen a ghost. Mrs. Macdonald'n voice recaltod him to . 'the duties of tho moment. >' l am in a hurry. I am staying with my sister, Miss Macdonald, of tho Middlo Jlrao, and I want to got back before breakfast hour.' ' Certainly, ina'nm,' returned tho waiter civilly. Then ho turned nnd looked at tho thin keon-ayed visitor. 'Tho ordor- book it was you you wanted to sec 1' ho 'said inquiringly. 'To vorify a dato, I think vou RAid ?' When she answered in tho aflirmativo, ho raised his hand and stroked his head for a momont, as if ho would fain clear his brain of sumo puzzling idea. Then turniug he lad the way into the coffee-room. ' 'The order-book lay on a desk. John opened it and glanced at his companion. ' Shall I find the name for you ?' John asked, with his Angers between tho leaves of tho book. ' Perhaps you would liko to 800 for yourself? About what time of tho year was it your friend was here ? If you Igivo mo tho month, I will sturt you fair.' ' It was August,' said Mrs. Macdonald, ' the dato of tho Kilcraw accident.' John found the plnce, tlicn drew back and mode way for Airs. Macdonald, busy- . .ing himself ostentatiously with a pieco of "'wosh-loathor nnd tho spoons and forks on a neighbouring side-board. But ho watched the visitor surreptitiously nil the same. What he wanted to know was why these two women should turn up .within twelve hours of each other witn tho same object in view. Was there any connection betweon tho two? Had tho visit of Miss Macdonald's sister anything .to do with tho visit of Mrs. Jones? If "so, why had one lady paid Ave pounds for a privilege which the other claimed openly as a right and without any offer of pay- ment? His reflections were cut short liy a startled exclamation from tho visitor at tlio desk. Sho was turning ono of the leaves of tho book to anil fro in a flurried fashion, as if she had discovered some thing she could hardly realise. 'Do you seo this?' sho gasped, as John hurried to her side. ' Do you know that this book has boon tampered with I Look bore. This leaf is numbered fivo hund red and nine, and liorc, opposite, is Ave hundred and twelvo. A loaf has been cut out, a leaf containing ontrioa of the very dato I want. Look for yourself. Hera is tlio edge of the abstracted leaf ; it lias been cut clean out with a sharp knife. Do you know any thing about it ? Who is responsible for the core of this bonk 1' 'lam,' John answored promptly, 'but I know nao inair about this missiDgleaf than you do yourself, ma'am. 'I « don't know whon it was cut out, or who did it, but I havo my suspoeoions.' ''"His fauo was pallid nnd his voice un steady, but he looked Mrs. Macdonald in tho face, and spoke without hesitation. 'Minil yon, ma'am, I can swear to nothing. The leaf may have been ab stracted months ago, and therefore we can an naetning. oat iny opocmon ih that- it lias boon out during the : last twelve hours ; and, if it's important that you should know what has beconke of it, I should ndviso you to foiled, the lady who lias just gone from hero, and And out who she is anil all about her, the leering kolpio. ' The lady who has just drivou away, do you mean ?' ' That same, iilo'um.' ' But I should never ovortako the cab.' ' You'll ovortako her at the station. Hor train does not loavo till 6.30. I understand now why she was in sunh n hurry to gotoot o' tho liooso.' 'But, if you are certain of nothing, what can I do, even if I do ovortako her?' ' You can discover whore sho is bound tut I lib ItllJ l«Mll » JW "IIU'll 1SI IVIIU" the matter up, that may bo of onormous help to yo in the future. T-oak at the label on licr bag— Mrs. Jones the name ' is — yo'll see by that wlicro sho is travel- ling.' 1 ' Ynu'ro right,' said Mrs. Macdonald, I and without moio mlo she turnod and hurried away at such a rato that John's last instructions were unbeanl. 1 But as sho hurried along in tho direc- of tho station her courage had timo to cool. She had been urged into starting hy tho waiter's porsistonco, hut sho did lint liko tho task before Iter. What would this Mrs. Jones think of her im- prrtiiiomm in oxamiiung hor luggage, unless indeed sho really was tho person who had abstracted tho missing loaf ? In that naso sho would understand readily enough what the inspection of her labels i glean t. ..But, tlion, what hud they to go upon ?. Tho waiter himself had said the leaf niiirht havo been abstracted months ago. By this time alio reached tho station, lireathlcsH from tho speed at which she had walked, and, though tho morning was raw nnd hlunk, hot from tlio unusual exartion, sho hnd mado up hor mind to do nothing that would make her con spicuous. Sho would buy a paper at the bookstall, tako a look round, and, '.if. the: opportunity offered, not othorwise, she would glanco at tho label on Mrs. Jonos's '"iff. . , That was tho decision sho arrived at as rIio passed through tho booking-office on to the platfurm ; but tlio next instant, as sho caught sight of the lady she was in searcu or, an tier resolutions underwent a coinpleto change, and sho was as eager as John Campbell himself had been, to get at the true motive of Mrs, Jones's visit to Stirling. . . ,., f| Tho cause of the suddon change' was Mrs. Jones occupation, Sho : was at the> lmokstall, writing an address on d luggago-tnbcl. The truth of the matter flnshed upon Mrs. MncDonald ; Mrs. Jones had used a false name at the hotel, and she was going to cover it over before starting, bn her journey homo to her friends.- Drawing back quickly into tho book- iqg-oflice, Mrs. Macdonald watched tho fqrthor operation herself without being. Jones, waving the nowly-writton nffdfress'to nnd fro to dry tlio ink, walkod off to tho lower end of tho platform, where the trolly of luggsgo woo awaiting -the arrival of tho train. Having found tho articla she wanted, Mrs. Macdonald, watching with straining oyes from tho office window, mado out that it was a dark-brown ' Gladstono ' sho selected, sho affixed her label with especial care, Atting it nicely ovor tho ono already affixed, so that it covered it completely. This operation completed to her satis faction, and tho porter in chargo of the trolly ' tipped ' she came strolling hack to tho bookstall just as tho bell announced tho arrival of tho train. Furthor delay, Mrs. Macdonald dccidod, would bo fatal. Darting from hnr place of concoalmnont, she hastened down the platform towards the trolly of luggage; mooting Mrs. Jonas half-way hatwoan it aud tho booking offleo sho had jost left. Whon sho flashed past, Mr. Jonas stood for a momont startled and irresolute, tlion turned and looked after her, Sho was reading the newly affixed label. Mrs. Jones, pashed this way and that by tho people alighting from the train, hesitated about taking her seat, when She porter, coming ap with her nig, docided hor with — ' This way, ma'am. Bo quick or yoa won't get a corner scat.' Sho got hor corner scat, but her com fort was diminished by tho last glimpse she obtained of Mrs. Mrs. M&cdonnM;, standing on tho platform, oxactly opposite to hor window, with pencil nnd note-book in hand, nnd an expression of triumph in hnr palo-grny oyos. 4 Sho has stoion the Inaf sure onough,' ran Mrs. Macdimald's thoughts. ' Why else this troublo to hide her identity, and why hor scare at tho sight of me 1 Well, she has played for my hand as well as for her own. With that outry no longer in existence, Charmian Milner is again an unfettered young woman, and Alan may have a chance after all. Any way he shall spend his Easter at Munich. I Should like, though, to know who and what this Mrs. Dennis from Harrognta is. And, beyond all, I should liko to know why she is so interested in the doings of Charmian Milner and Courtney Peel.' CHATTER XIX. Courtney, not content with lying awake through tho small hours, was often up and out . again before the early milkman Vtartod oiinis rounds. Since the rupture with Charmian, sleep had always been a rarely enjoyed luxury, and during the last two or throe woeks, ever since the date of tho nkating party to the Royal George water, fio had boon even more wakeful than before. One morning, about the second week in March, as he returned' from a long early spin on liis ' bike,' feeling more tired than refreshed -by his sixteen miles' rush tfirddgh ;tbo nir, he met tho. postman at the foot of the steps, and took tho letters from him. Going on to the dining-room with thorn ill his hand, he saw, with a' dull sinking nt heart, that ono of thsm, addressed to his mother in tho bold hand of Eleanor Dennis, bore tho;Bayswater post-mark. Then sho was home again from hor flying, viBit;to.. Harrogate, .and ho would, I havo to call upon hor, and — and — yes, itnd what i . What was tho good of shillv-shalling I any longer? Having mado up his mind, what earthly uso it to go on putting it off in his paltry unmanly fashion ? Ah, if only he could get "(rid of that jaunting remembrance of Charmian's face I If only he could. Flinging tho letter from him in im patience at his own woaknoss and folly, at Charmian's inoxplicable oruelty, nt tho monotonous misory of things in general, ho went on with his inspection of the onvolopos, At tho bottom of the batch he came unnn nnn with tho Munich post-mark. addressed to himself, and his heart leaped in swift anticipation. But with his noxt breath it-Rank again — tho address not in Charmian's handwriting. It was in a very rcmarknbla hand indeed. Studying it, ho cnino to tho conclusion it was lior nana careiuny rnsguison, so that no traco of its original characteristics I should bo left to betray tlio writer. I As ho looked a strange sense of distrust came over nun. vv no was u loll! in , Munich that, writing to him, should think it necessary to tako all this trouble 1 to keep his or her identity secret ? It uuruumy wiui iiud m uiu cnum vjnarmian. Sccvecy, in any circumstances, wan alto gether out of her lino. He could not behove that aho would voluntarily go out of her way to crcato a myHtery. With a thoughtful air ho walked over to tho window, and reluctantly broko tho When ho had taken out and unfolded tho I onclosuro, ho looked nioro mystified than I ever; but, as he pored over it, onlighten- I mont camo gradually, and a deep colour njyi OUU VIW ilia WW, It was from Cimrinian after all, then. And she had gono out of her way — put herself to no ond of expense and trouble — for tho mere pleasure of nuimlating him to tlio dust. She was more cruol than ho had thought — she had expanded time, and thought, and inonay upon this plan, simply that sho might havo tlio gratifica- tion of fooling that sho had made him understand how sho detested tiie idea of any bond oxisting betweon hor and him. -How-hod sho beeomo possessed of this wretched piece of paper — tho loaf from tlio hotel book which contained tho ontry of thoirjvisit? Hnd she reaily journeyed all tho way from. Munich to Scotland and back to possess' hersolf of it ? Apd, 'having : possessed herso'f of it, wny, iiitsKJUu ut ouuiiiii iv iiiiu, uau <1110 not quietly destroyed it ? Oh, that was oasily explained I Not satisAcd with knowing that she - was free; alio wanted him also to know that the bond, - howover poor, that thin hcedlosa mistake had constituted between them wqs, .sundered now and for. ever. .By sending to him .tho sheet containing the entry she had freed horself from this real or, imaginary shackio, and was flaunting her freedom before him in open contempt uiid dorhtioti.-,.- "He winced under tho cruolty of ' tho attack, and,: even as he . wincod, ho won- dorod at tho ahango that had taken place in his onco sweet-natured friend. Behind him the butler was putting the hot dishes upon tho" breakfast-table ; and hiiqmolhqr.i bidd jng hitri f Good' morning ' across 'the width of tho-roomj wad busying herself with her correspondence, Carefully folding tho shoot of paper in its original crcasos he pat it back into its envelopo and placed it in his pocket. At that momunt lie felt ho would have given tho bost yoar of his life to bo by himself, out alono in tho busy streets, in tho solitudo of tho country— to bo any where away from tho noar prcs'onco of intimate companionship. : Difficult though it.: was however, ho exercised a rigid self-command. His mothrr had already had more than enough of hi lovoeicknoss ; he would not worry her any more. 1 Am ho erased over to her,- she turned !,0r choek to him without looking jip from her letter. 'Eleanor Donnis is back,' sho said gently; 'sho rnturnod -yesterday, She write in rather low spiriwC Mary Blake went straight Imck to Ireland from Harrogate, and Eleanor's brother is stilt array on circuit. Bho says that the house U a desolato as tho gnitt and asks if she may rnmo hare to ton-thh-afternaon.' Still Mrs. Peel did not' look np. Sho knew there was a hitch somewhere— this three wesks' delay had been an inox- plicabio mystery to her; 'but she had tack loyally to hot1; COloiirii and hold off from all interference' whatsoever in her son's affairs. ... ,, ... Courtnoy stood at her shoulder, silent. She wont on nguin, half foaring that lie might imagina a rebuke to himself ia her sympathetic tone. 'I'll Bond her., a note, telling hor to camo til lnnch: Sho mnnt bo hurridlv dull! Mary Bluko was such a ehcorv creature about a houso 1' 4 I'll take your note, mother.' 4 Oh, will you?' 4 If you writo at once, I'll tako a hansom, and get round there and leach the Strand before office time.' 4 But you're had no breakfast I' Ha laughed. 4 I've had ull the breakfast I want,' ho said, harshly. Then, checking himself, ho added in agentlor tone, 4 Justgivo mo a oup of coffee, doar ; that will do for tho present.' And, then, uuder the influence of a sudden impulse, 'All; through this easiness i vc ocnnvea use a coiacinpuefu our. mother. But III end this morning once and for all. Write your noto;it will be an excuse for my early appoarnnco. I'll strike whiio the iron is hot — white hot,' ho declared grimly. 1 dare say when the thing is once absolutely settled we shall all shake down-more comfortably. Come, mother, that cup .of.coffee t And then IH go and put my- fate- to the test, whether I win or foil.' Even now his "mother did not look at him ; the vory tone of his voice uiodo her heart oohe. Yet sha wo«rtq sure that this was the best thing he; could do for himself that she' would9 not ' weaken his determination by any display of emotion. When she hod given him the note for Mrs. Dennis,' and. he had departed, sho stood nt tho window and watcher him cross tho square till lie hailed a passing hansom ana was bowled liwiftly out of sight. Perhaps her heart had novor bean uiuiro uii cur uannb vsiiiii iijuiii niiiiicr biiuii it was at that moment ; and her anger would havo boen greater still had . she known that this sudden decision of Courtney's was due to the sufferings under the latest act of crulty on Charmian's part. Mre. Dennis was not -yet soated at Courtney asking for hor in the hall.. At tlfa sound of his voice heroes becAmo pme, nnd she turned to tho door, almost, it scorned, with tho idea of flight, but Hhe recovered herself nt once, and smiled pleasantly at him as he camo into tho She know at onco how tilings were. The grim purposeful look on his fnoo was something new. As she. realised how quickly ho was noting under the offeot of tho letter from Monicii, her heart quicKencn li'i nearing. i r no snouin ever And out how ho hul bean coerced and driven, would ho forgive her I She did not believo it I Ho would hate her for over I All her courage failed iter at tlio thought, and yet she still hold on. She could not svo him tin. Holding her nnd, ho lookod down nt her, smiling faintly ; his eyes wcro enmbro with his now pain. ' I'm afraid it is an uneasy timo for a visit, lio Batu ; 1 but 1 briug my oxouso with mo— a noto from my mother. I wan to! to bco you, and--she provided mo with crodontiaiH for the occasion.' 4 A little impationt, weran t you V she asked with gontlo gravity. 4 1 should probably have seen you ttiis afternoon in Russoli Square.' 4 But I could not wait,' he answered, speaking hurriedly, as if afraid that what he wanted to say would "Slip from hio muuiury. - x ou are rigni- — i was im patient. I folt that. what.I . had to say had alrondy booh left' too -long unsaid ; and, besides, it could not woll bo said boforo a third person.' . . r a wouiu nave ucou ;aa oinpcy rare to mako any protoneo ;of childish curiosity or ignorance. She stood- Very still, allowing hor hand to rest quietly in his, and waited tor mm to go on. 'What a forgiving' oreatdro you arc; Eleanor I' She shrank a littlo at his marked uso of her namo; it was used with -auch doflnito purposo that thare was no touch of sentiment in it. Ho called her so, not bocauso ho dolightod in any trifla that drew him a shade clearer to her; but because' it was a' convenient way of leading up to whnt was coming. ' Most women, treated as I havo treated you, would havo refused to seo mo again until thoy hod received; the explanation duo to 'thorn! I have" behaved abominable, but I. have , boen afraid of doinar vou' an iniustico; It 'was only this morning tho thought camo to mo that I was doing you a grossor injustice by any silence than J»y speaking. You know .what I w<yijttf.&jn;!.; Hb stoppod, co'fisbip'uijj that".- ho was doing very badly what he had to do. 4 1- doq't kpow why I should tako every thing-: for granted in his fashion,' ho wont on, and laughed disconcertedly. 1 It is a poor compliment -to. you ; but I think you must have koown.what was on tho tip of my tongue when you sprainod your ankle on theice. Do you romembor ? It seemed to mo tlion ; .tlgit,, in certain circumstances, I might bp" able to com- Eousato you for;Bpmo of yopr. pust un- appiness. You' had' told ibo ' tilings— you had told, mo that " your lifo had bcon abittcr -disappointment, and- -T: confessed tiint there wok something bf tho - namo sort in mine. It "acorns presumptuous noly, but then, wider tho influenco of what you had . told me, it seemed to mo that i ,wp ;-niig|it,.peihnps tiy to mako up W;eAdh.. other 'f<>r; those post; disappoint- .mpnts. \X- Wb<ild;:do' my : bbst;.: -Eleanor. 'T -think we could lie happy together. My dour old mother would welcome you to her heart, and I am not a very difficult !bM) j(o got on'with.1 tjOltscions himself of tho bareness of, the 'finish,: ho stopped abruptly and raised her hand to his lips. ""At 'his' touch she burst into tears. There was no thought of effect in her mind, hut it was the bost thing she could havo.dono. Shocked nt his own shortcomings, his own dull misery forg-iiten for tho momont at tho sight of In-r disti-u-is, ho stooped, put an arm ur-iund hnr, and drew hor 'face ;down .-upon his shoulder. ' :! 4 Putaway sad memories.' ho whispered gently. . 4 Let me try to mako up for the emptiness of your past. I will do ail that is possible, dear — you may trust uie, indeed 1' 4 It is not that,' sho murmured between her sobs. 4 1 do not doubt you — I havo never doubted you. If only I could fool sure of making you happy I' 'Is that it?' he cried gaily. 'Well, since T choose to tako tlio risk, I think you may safely leave that point to mo I' And ho turnod her face up and kiosod it. To horself sho was saying — 'It is done 1 Itisdonol' Still thoro was a dread. It was dono. Tint fclin rlninrr waa nnf nil. Thnrn still remained At be consequeooes to bo facod. Tho thought kept her rathor quiet, and Courtney mused himself and made some effort to play the lover. Ho was not going to put her off with any half-measures. He meunt to act fairly and squarely. Nevertheless it was a relict to thorn both to know the interview could not be a long ono. 4 Even now,' he said 1 there is a letter I must despatch before I go on to the office. Boctive will bo carpeting me for being unpunctual.' She did not go into the hall with him. x uim v i etu ni, m ne soon, Bno said, with a conscious glanco at the mirror. 'If the sorvants see ino with redilonod eyolids and raffled hair they will bogin at once to make their horrid guesses. Shall I see you this evening 1' 'Soonor. Are you coming to my mother's for luncheon I Sho laagbed and flashed a littlo. 'That is altered now. The etiqaetto of the occasion is that your mother chould first call upon me.' Ho laughed now at hor, and promised to inform his motbor of the position, but the trifling incident loft a weight upon his heart. It seemed to sot the seal upon the situation. As ho opened the door for himself ho caine upon General Stormonth in the act of -ringing the bell. The general was carrying a cardboard box suggestive of flowers, and as his glanco met Courtney's, ho assumod a 'found-out' air, which at atiubiici biuio iruutu uuvo ocv wiu jruuiigur man inughing. He exchanged tho curtest of greotings and passed on, wondering at tho coinci dence of the meeting. The last time ho saw tho genoral was at his farewell with Charmian. It was odd that lie should have met him fur the wheti lie had QnisprlJ-barriur that would stand for all tiimu between him nnd the girl ho had loved. It seemed as though there was some affinity between tliom — as though ho an I this eldurly man woro in some way to have nil influence upon Lator on the same thought recurred to him frequently, butnt tho moment lie dis missed it. Ho hnd other mnttors to think of. Charmian must bo written to at onco. Making his way to a quiot corner of tho uiuu wriifiug-rwui, nu nastily wrote wnat he had to say. She should know how he hud grasped tlio meaning of hur action in forwarding liini that paper. Slits should understand how he entirely acquiesced in the courso sho hod taken, how anxious ho was that sho should follow hor own .wish in tlio matter without restraint. Ho was going to marry Mrs. Donnis, ho told iier. Tho ongngomont was only a few hours old. Sho was tlio first parson to wnom no niui communicated tlio news. Ho hoped she would give him hor good wishes. -Then ho made snmo allusion to the paper lie had receivod from Charmian that morning, and returned it to her, thinking she uiighs fool more satisfaction if sho destroyed it with her own hands. When tho totter was fmishod, sealed, and posted, ho walkod out into tho chili March morning with a feeling that his lifo was onded. CHAPTER XX. Tiie threo months Alio had spont at Munich had boen a timo of absorbing occupation to Charmian. New nnd cogncnial as tho life was to hor, and fully as hor timo was takon up with dutios that woro a dolight, she yet xouna time tor more thought tlian was good for her. Let hor work as hard as sho might, let her tiro horself out so thoroughly that sho crept to hor room at night with eyolids aching from want of sloop, hor inomories were still too much for hor ; and, whiio hor hoart was crying out pitooasly for rest — rest and sleep, or rust of any kind, sn long as she might but forgot — tho-so momorios still haunted her through tlio hours, until at last sho rose in despair aud began to work again, striving once more to get away from her heartaclio in tiie fascination of her art. Horr Paff— charmed ' from the very first bv tho grace of her unstrained eon- caption — as tlio weeks went by, watched in ailont amozomout.her rapid progress in tho grinding 'technique'1 of the schools. Ha did not guess- that every availablo momont of hor lifo was spont with a pencil or brush in her fingers ; he did not know that all hor strength and vigour were conoentratod upon hor determination to make her art tho one purpose of hor life, to. obliterate from her mind all that hod gone before arrival nt Munich; nor did ho know tho intenso lonlinoss of her present oxistenco, that she had neithor occupation nor pleasure of any kind to help her in hor difficult task, oxcopt tho ono much-loved vocation of drawing. Had ho known, hoiqight havo wondorod less at tho extraordinary advanco of those first few weeks, but, not knowing, his grow unceasingly, and lie said to himself, with a throb of joy, that bore at last ho had found what ho had been hopelessly seeking ail his life— a veritable genius. 'When Miss Milner had boon only six weeks a pupil- in tho studio she was allowed;- ntuch .to the chagrin of tlio rest of the class, to ontor he name among the candidates for the spring competition. Her picture— scarcely . more than a carefully -finished sketch — showed tha Rimini; rushing through tho air on. their never-ceasing journey, rouml and round the twilight borderland of tho Inferno. .. It was a ntrange subjeet for a girl to ohooso. Perhaps it was hor owlt aohing" unrest that had prompted the thought, and perhaps it was the game fellow-felling that imparted to tho picture the touch of living, passion which its ono point of individuality. For good or for bod, it was finished now, and sent in, -and -Ohar- mian .had nothing to do but sit dowpjond await tha result of her attomnt. ." : V ' Whon at last the day for the . decision came, Charmian felt that the end of hor endurance had also arrived. Threo months of constant strain had told apon her. She had not as much self-control as of old. Another twenty-four Khars of suspense would havo left hor oa tho verge of madness. When she went down to breakfast sho was already, dressed for her walk to tho studio. Timy would not bo admitod till half-past ten— tho usual hoar — but sho would go for a walk after breakfast to while away tho lime. Mrs. ' Craig, smiling at hor from the liasfl aC iIia Innw Vironlrfaaf. "ulu «""u «»«$ j """"""o " v tablp, b/i<lo hor nmko hiiNto and neo what was waiting her place for her. - 1 For all her fine olothos and olegant possessions, tho wealthy English girl scorned so lonely and friendloss, so for gotten by all tho world, that the kind, busy woman felt inclined to congratulate her openly upon tho arrivul at lait of a bulky letter. The girls who stayed with her were, as n rule, ro delighted to recoivo one of these long epistles from home. Charmian eyed tho thick lotter curiously, but, Mr. Craig notified, without eagornoss. It was from Courtney, sure enough I But ins letters until now una aiwayH ocen of tho curtest, most, busiuoss-likod kind. What nows could ho bo sending her to necessitate suoh a bulky anelosure as this? Tho poopla round the table, all more or lass interested in ' Mrs. Oraig's hoiress,' wore frankly disappointed when alio put tho lotter quietly into her pooket, and hogan her breakfast as if nothing unusual had happened. Hod they scon her a littlo Inter, in tho seclusion of hor owe room, they might perhaps have understood something of the effort it oost her to maintain that air qf indifference. It took her longer than it had takon Courtney to find out what the enolosure really was ; indoed, it was not until she hod referred to tho letter itself that sho thoroughly grasped tho truth. And then tho pain at her heart grew so intolerable that she couid havo criod out nlond. my uuar uiiui uiiuui v/uui biiuj — 1 1 send you back tho anulosuro you forwarded to me, because I thought you would feel more satisfied that tho wretcliod thing was dono with if you destroyed it with your own hands. "I ain sorry you should have thought it worth whiio to take so much trouble about the matter ; if ing it I would have aeon to it for yon. Perhaps it is woll that it is dono. Preposterous as tho whole thing seems to mo, I suppose it is just possiblo that it might havo caused some unpleasantness in the future. You remember that whon yuu wuiutui£iy juu at.i,uocu iiiu in this schoino intentionally. Now that you are, I liopn, no longer fooling bitter towards me, let me explain to you how it happonod. ' Do you remember that on that most unnnppy morning wnon wo- arrivou us Stirling withthoso poor suffering creatures we went at onco to tlio hospital, and that until tho first rur.h was over I hail neither time no opportunity to soo after accom modation for you ? All I was ablo to do was just to send your card down to the chief hotel, and ask fur n room to bo ontored in tho book in that nnmo. And so it foil out that when we reached the hotel, just before dinuor, and I asked for tho room engaged ny uourtnoy irool, and sent you, as a matter of courso, up to it, the wnitcr in the coffee-room jumped to the conclusion that wo mast be husband nnd wife. As a mailer of fact, bafore you wore down the next morning ho did sgoak as you as my wife; but I never gavo a thought to that insane old legend of a Scotch marringo, and did not tako tho troublo to contrndict him. And this was why, when you accused mo of know- ing all aoout tins unlortunato mistake, I was nob ablo to plead ignorance. Per haps now, when you are no .longor smarting under the thought i of boing bound against your will, you will accept my word nnd lot us ho friends again. Will you I should bo vory glad. It soems hard that a friendship dnting almost from childhood should be' wrecked by a mere mistake. 'Now I am going to toll you some thing that may mako it easior for .you to overlook this unfortunate misunderstand ing, and take mo into your friendship again. I am an ongnged man, Charmian. Mrs. Dennis has consented to marry mo! It is much better fortune than I dosorvo, but still thoro it is. So now, won't you givn ino your good wishes, and consent to go back to the old happy condition of things between us boforo we, took to the folly of making love ? Tlio m'arriago is to take place shortly. Perhaps you would como over to it. . ' OooJ-bvn. litbln cronv. Don't hn angry if I sign myself, once' more, ' Your nfiootionato old chum, Courtney Peel. Charmian leaned against tho window- frame and thought, - So that was hojy the wholo ; raisepneop- tion ' had arison 1 How simple it was explained 1 How had it Impponed that she had so .oruelly ' misconstrued his conduct? Oh, yes — she remembered j It was Mrs. Dennis who had first put it into her head to suRpect Courtney of underhand motives. Bearing that fact in mind, it was not diffioult to ' uridoretand somo things. Mrs. Dennis had . noted on hor advico, and got that paper from Stirling and sent it to Courtney. How she had contrived to make him- boliovo that she — Charmian— had ' sont it she could not guoss, but Mrs. Donnis bad dono it, and there was an cud of it. Just for a moment sho thought alio wnuhl write to Courtney nnd toll him she hail no hand in the matter, and bog him to find out tlio sender ; hut she changed hur min- 1. Hor pride stood in tho way. Sho could not stoop to light Mrs. Dennis for tlio possession of Courtney Peel. .-.-Jf his love for hur had been such poor stuff that it could not survive a throe month's absence, it was not worth raising a finger for. \- She would write him a pretty littlo noto of congratulation, and tell liim sho was frionds ' — hIio drew a deep breath at tho old word — and let tho matter cud there. But the thought hurt hor horribly. All in a momont tho old feeling of being wanted by nobody, of boing left outside in tho cold, came to her ngnin, this time howevor it was worso to put up with than -it was like to bo tlio loved, cared-for inoinber of a family ciiuie. She was more unhappy now, a thousand times mare unhappy, than nhe hod boen whiio she was still ignorant of what it meant to bo loved and nurtured a-i tho dear ones in Russell Square hod loved and nurtured hor. Perhaps it was not surprising that the thought which had occurred so recently to Courtney should occur to her also. She had dono with lifo ; henceforth existonco only, fndod, unlovely, wns all that was loft In her. It was a vory quiet unemotional Miss uaiiiiui viihv wiukuu uuwii wj fruiui»ur PafFs studio that morning, and it was a very Rolf-possessed young lady who re ceivod the congratulations of hor class mates upon tho acceptance of hor picture, for it was accepted. As she opened the studio door and saw it, witli two others, standing in the best light, it struok her as something abso lutely new and — insignificant The choosing of tho Ruhject, tlio arrangement of tho ooloure, the pose of the figures, hnd at tho time seeine I matters of iiniiiuiiifu importance, and, now that she hod achieved her niui, it mattered not ono iota to her. No : her lifo was dono with, emotion was dead within her. And all tho time ber class mates were buzzing round her with their congratu lations, and, if thoy wore merciless in their candid criticisms of the faults in hcr work, they wore oqually gonerous in their appreciation of it bcautiin. At the end of tha merning tlio Pro fessor kept hor book for a little talk. . ' Can you give me yoar afternoons till tho end of tho week 1' ho asked. ' There are somo things in your picture that must bo altered, and I should liko the re-touching dono hare, under my own eye. Who wore yoar models, Fraulein 1' There was a tone of interest in tha question which made hor wonder a littlo. Carl, Mrs, Craig's 4 va'ot-de-oharabro,' gave me several sittings,' she answered, ' and my friend Miss Craig. I got tho pose from thoin, but I am afraid there is not much likeness left in their faces, Her Professor — I havo idealised thorn too mucn. 'Perhaps,' he said. 'I do not know about that, but I do know that thoy are hot tho portraits of a Bavarian 1 valet-de- chambro ' nnd that doll- faced Fraulein with tho marvellous hair. Tho outlines may bo theirs, but it is your own soul that looks out from the canvas. Your soul was in bnu up or your urusu ait uie time. Perhaps that is why you have been growing shadowy and wan lately. ' Hoin V Ho turned sharply round upon hor us lie spoko, nnd a faint colour oropt up into tlio pale cheeks, which wore indoed be- ginning ro snow a snnrper oucuno tnan was compatible with sound health. \- 1 Ach,' he criod, seeing the flush, ' it is no business of mino. I oravo your pardon, Fraulein, for going beyond my rights. You will ho calling mo and intrusive old tool. ' Indoed, no,' sho said softly. ' It is good of you to notico, Herr Professor.' ' Hininiel— I havo it,' ho ejaculated as sho raised hor grateful glanco to his. ' Tho girl in tha picture is yourself. Oh, ves. tho colouring not vours. hut. in snite of hor milk-wliito skin and yellow-hair, it is you yourself thoro in tho pieture. And tho young man, who is ho, I wondor?' Startled into a sudden perception of tho truth, Cliarnirun looked with newly- oponod oyos on tho painting. Yos, there certainly was a faint likeness to Courtnoy in tho faco of Paolo. Was it stronir enough for any one else to discovor? Sho could not toll; tha faco was so familiar to her that she couid not seo it at anybody looking at it for tho first time would sea it. Tho Professor watched hor closoly as she stood thoro,- looking at her own work with that freshly-aroused nir of interest. Ho was thinking that perhaps ho know what tha picture moant. ' I shall send word to your Mrs. Craig that you will not bo homo until tho afternoon,' he said, ' and I will sond ray old housewife to you with some soup and wine ; and, when you havo taken them, wc will talk together again about tho Dicture.' Sho did not answer him, even to thank him for his hospitality; sho was too ovorcomo by tha discovery sho had just made. He wont out and left hor, palette in hand, in front of tho canvas, with a stricken look in hor eyes. It seemed to hor, in her ororstrainod state, as if somo power for evil had got hold of hor, from which her own will was not strong onough to set hor froo. This picture— for what purposo had it boen undertaken? To distract her thoughts from tlio man Bholovod, schemer though ho was ; and at tho ond of a iuuuuiio uppuuuuuu Liius was cno r&uitC;— his portrait. This was what hor attempt to forget him had resulted in— his port rait. This was what hor determination to concentrate her whole power of thought upon hor art, and art alono, had endod in— his portrait. Oh, tho satire of it. "Was sho novor to succeod in shaking off his influence of her lifo ? Was tho momory of their love- dream to haunt hor always, to oheok her in hor pursuit nfter contentment? As if in response to the train of thought, her fingers went to work at her palette, and thon at hor picture. . Ho" Paff took his own soup, had his pipo in tho leisurely mannor usual with liim. The Frauloiu in tha studio there would bo none tho worso for a short rest boforo she wont to work again, and there was no noed to woo the daylight these clour afternoons, ' Nearly an hour had passed wlion ho went book to tho atelier. Tlio Mudolien was standing in front of liar picture, with her book towards him, just as lie had toft her. He saw ho much through tlio open doorway as ho camo quiotly and slowly down tho passage from his dining-room. Ho becamoa littleourious then, and wont more softly, and wlion ho was insido tho room ho saw tlio tray, with her soup and bread and wine untouched, on a" stool near hor. Tlion ho went still more softly, and camo up and stoixl bo- hind tho absorbed girl. The light fell upon her picture from the high north window bohiml thoin, far above thoir heads, and so hi figure throw no slindow upon the canvas to botray his presence, tho girl workod on uninter ruptedly, giving minuto touches to tlio foea of tho girl, and breathing hard with each touch. AH if nhn Wiirn hntnrr tnree\ I against her will to the completion of a painful task. (to be continued.) 