AN AUSTRALIAN ACTOR. A SON OF THE SOIL, (By Lancelot B., "Sydney Evening KNOWS.") "Morcutio's soul is but a little way above our heads." "Romeo and Juliet," Shakespeare. Twenty-eight years ago, in the Princess's Theatre, Dunedin, N.Z., "Romeo and Juliet" was staged with a strong cast by the late William Hoskins's company. It was a remarkable cast in one particular, inasmuch as the even then old Sadlers Wells veteran contented himself with the small part of the Apothecary. It was a whim the part of Mr. Hoskins, who said to us, I'll BLOW you young actors how the Apothe- care should be played." The writer enacted Mercutio; Jas. Steele, Tybalt; the late Florence Colville, Juliet: and the Romeo was, miss, the late Henry Nathaniel Douglas' Nat," as he was always styled by his brother professionals. The announcement of his death in the " Evening News " a few days ago came as a, painful surprise to the writer, who first met him in Dunedin, N.Z. (where, it appears, his death took place), only a week prior to the performance above referred to. He had arrived from Sydney to join the company; Hoskins called me to his dressing-room and introduced us to each other. How well I remember his words." Two young gentlemen," he said, "who only have to know to like each other." And it so fell out, for we were friends through all the on suing years to the last, when I saw him away a few months back on the steamer bound for Tasmania and New Zealand. He had made several trips to and fro of late years, and I remarked, "Well, Not, you can't keep away from the land of the Maori. I should like to re-visit it myself." He was in a melancholy mood, and he said "Ah 1 But somehow I feel that this trip won't turn out well. I have a presentiment that it will not he a good one for me." He was in good health then, but his forebodings have I been sadly verified, and he has made his last trip. I " Nat " Douglas was essentially " An Australian Actor," for he was born in Sydney in 1866, if I mistake not, for he said he was my junior by about a twelve- month. I cannot call to mind now the occupation he adopted (though he has told me but whatever it was, he did not follow it long, for in 1865 or thereabouts he took to the stage as a profession. From the first, , he rapidly advanced to the front, and was undoubtedly, when at his best the premier juvenile actor in Australia. I have seen letters which he had in his possession from which great artists as Charles Kean, Charles Matthews, an 1 others, paying high tributes to his talent. He surpassed all others as a lover. With a rich, melodious voice; he throw a world of feeling and passion into his lines. Some idea of his power in this respect may be formed by the fact that we played "The Lady of Lyons" for three weeks, so fine was his rendering of Claude Melnotte. Florence Colville was the Pauline ; Mr. Hoskins, Colonel Damns ; J. P. Hydes, Glavis ; the writer, Bonus Want; and Miss Flora Anstead, Mine. Deschapelles. I contend that it was a record performance. We considered it marvellous for a piece that is never put up save for one or two nights to run three weeks. The people had seen "stars" in the port scores of times, and would not stand it for more than a couple of nights ; but I | "Nat" enthralled them. The feminine community were in raptures, and live well, we liked the respite from study, and applauded our comrade's success And yet, "Nat," in appearance, was not the beau ideal of the poet's creation, but he made up" wonder fully well, and as has been said, his fine voice, exquisite pathos, and clear enunciation, carried all before him I am inclined to think he was a little spoiled by his success in The Gardener's Son, for he tried to improve upon his impersonation with deleterious effect, and old man Hoskins withdrew the play, remarking that "Nat" would get stale otherwise The public are curious in their tastes almost cc centre at times, in their likes and dis- likes, and (sickle, too 'more has a pal mile] case born in Sydney when in 1870-7 Mr Dampier created a furore as Hamlet, in the "Old Vic " People raved about it, and for several months we played ' Hamlet" every Friday night. The late J J Bartlett enacted the Ghost on two or three occasions Bart- left, the brilliant light comedian, with whose name old playgoers associate The Contested Election,' and a long list of sparkling comedies Nearly all the lovers" fell to "Nat's" share for a time, and though there was much similarity (as there always is in 'spooney" parts) he made distinct realism of Armand Duval ("Camillo"), Pygmalion and Prince Philamir in The Palace of Truth" Again, he was a Iiionoi Joseph Surface, reporting to the coal actor quite naturally the unctuous oiliness or the hypocrite He was also a demonstrative malignant Jacob McClosky ("Octoroon ), a capital O'Callaghan in "His Last Legs," and made the most out of any now unpromising part Enough has been held to demonstrate that he was a highly talented artist, one who, while excelling in some particular roles, could with much faithfulness of portraiture depict humanity in all its phases, and this, I take it, is the true test of the worth of an actor "Nat" Douglas, like others, felt the in fluence of the influx of English actors, with the constant relays of complete companies and fresh faces The public hanker for a time after their old favour less, mayhap speak kindly of them and compassionate them if ill-supplied with this world's comforts, but the new generation comes pushing on, and now forms of pleasurable entertainment must be devised The public of to day must be catered for They are greedy for novelty to an extent that the public of 30 years ago never dreamt of But this is now a rushing time, when one wonder she needs another with startling rapidity from telephones to cinematographer from wireless telegraphy to the next great marvel And so on in this high pressure age actors come and gone and are forgotten for who can remember the old faces in the delight of gazing at the now who in turn soon become like their predecessors in the panorama of life P "Nat" Douglas of late years had not the rosy time he knew of joie salaries came down, engagements were not so easily obtained, when obtained were perhaps only for the run of a piece and so he came to find a place in minor Com panies doing the provinces and suburbs with occasionally a spell in the city But through it all he was over consistent he never slammed a part he always did his host and his talent was liberally ac knowledged by all who witnessed his impersonations Some people never seem to be growing older and Nat ' Douglas was one of those perpetual youth embodi- ments I saw little difference in min except perhaps less sprightliness of man nor with the graver men that perforce accompanies ago Few men can play the fool with mirth and laughter Let old in wrinkles come till they are in the lean and slippered stage, the gravity of age will check the most thoughtless buffoon Nat Douglas retained his power of study to the last and had the late unhappy Mr Dacre been in possession of such a capacity for quickly becoming master of a long part who knows but he and his wife might have been alive to day It will be remembered that Mr Dacre was worried over a long part in The Silence of Dean Maitland " and it was thought that that had much to do with the awful tragedy of the dual death 'Nat" Douglas in private life was a remarkable reserved and quiet man on joying a joke at times but quickly laps ing into his normal rate ing manner He gave me the impression at times that he was always running over some part in his mind to himself-bo was seldom without one or two in his pocket poor soul- for he had little rest from study If his circle of friends was limited I have never heard anyone outside of it speak an ill word of him and all must feel a Snssing sorrow on learning that "Nat Douglas has passed away adding one more of the old time favourites of the Australian stage to the list of travellers to the bourne from which there is no re a turn. 