[ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] Three Little Maids. BY ETHEL TURNER (Mrs. H. R. Curlewis). (Author of " Seven Little Australians," " The Little Larrikins," etc. Part I.—Play Days. CHAPTER IX.—(Continued). It took quite a long time that first night to make the children's queer little heads realise all that the wonderful statement meant. Then Weenie was the only one who chattered ; Plyl and Dolly, with eyes lustrous with excítement, only gazed at each other silently, while the splendid thing revolved In their heads. " Just like, the Swiss Family Wobinson," Dolly said at last in a low, odd voice. "Oh,. Phyl, don't you hope we'll be wecked ?" " Oh thank you, Dorothy, but I think we'll ask to be excused luxuries like that,'' said Mrs. Conwry. " I thought you objected so strongly" a week ago to starving to death—where would be the difference ?" " Oh !" Dolly said, " of course I didn't mean I hoped we get dwowned. Only just wecked on a dear little island where there were cocoanuts and things." But Mrs. Conway asked to be spared even that small diversion. " I only wish we could go over in a train," she said ruefully, for she had an inconquerable horror of the sea, though.the small ones never knew it. Then she started up to go back to the letters and other work that pressed so heavily. " It ls nearly nine," she said, " all of you run to bed at once. But I suppose you would never go to sleep without a little more talk. Phyl, if I leave you my watch, will you make Weenie wrap up and get into my bed at ten, and go to sleep yourselves —faithfully now ?" 'Phyl promised to send Weenie off. " And I'll shut my eyes hard," she said, " but I shall never go to sleep again, shall you, Dolly ?" " Never," said Dolly, with a deep breath. Once in bed they reviewed the situation from every possible—and impossible—standpoint. They had to picture the ship and the idea of themselves, not the personages. of romance they so often were, but their ordinary every-day selves, sailing and sailing away over blue waters to a land where the sun shone always. They had to consider what dolls, books, and clothes they would take ; they had to wonder what cousin this and Alice and Nellie would think. They had to giggle quietly at the idea of going to sleep in bunk beds, one on top of each other, and to shudder pleasurably at the thought of storms, and whales, and ships on fire, water-spouts, and similar dangers that they doubted not lay in wait for those who went down to the sea in ships. They had to piece together their meagre information of that far-away country of the sun, to make a tangible place of it. But so difficult this proved, Dolly slipped on her blue felt slippers and right red dressing-gown and stole down the landing to the small book-room, where were stored the atlases and the " Book of Travels in Foreign Countries." The only atlas she could find, however, in the hurry was an American one her father had often laughed at, and had wondered in what way he had come possessed of it. It began with" a very large and complete map of N. America ; then followed one of S. America, then there came a suecession of twenty or thirty pages of the variouis States even some of the smallest, least important ones, with all the most insignificant towns, and villages carefully marked. Somewhere near, the end of the book the compiler seemed to recollect there was a little continent called Europe, and he struck in a bale map of it, with the British Islands lurking indistinctly to the west. Asia and. Africa, too, he seemed to include incidentally, but Australia had been quite beneath his notice, and only occurred as an almost unmarked island in the last map of all, Oceana. The little girls were not much wiser after a study of this remarkable work ; so they plunged into " Travels in Foreign Countries" in the thirstiest way, quite heedless that-the edition was one of the early fifties, and had been prized by their father chiefly for that fact. Strange things they learned from it ; the natives were chocolate-co-lored and fought with boomerangs ; bushrangers troubled the country greatly. These were white outlaws, they found, who hid in the bush and then made raids on stations. " You'd hardly think they'd be civilised enough there for railways, would you," Phyl remarked by the way. Gold mines it seemed were very plentiful ; the children paused to dilate on how pleasant a thing it would be, when money was running short, to go outside the thatched hut ( they had agreed they would build this themselves, with perhaps a little aid from some friendly native ), and dig with a " tomahawk " for a few minutes till a nugget or two was unearthed. Sheep, too, seemed numerous—also snakes and strange-looking birds called emus ; an unearthly-looking thing with an unearthly name— " ornithorincus paradoxus," or the duck-billed platypus ; a strange, unfinished-looking beast with two long legs at the back, the rudiments, of two other legs at the front. and half-way down its great length a pouch containing a wee edition of Itself nibbling a bit of grass, " kangaroo or wallaby " said the note underneath —" a harmless animal for all its looks ; indeed, it is frequently kept by squatters' children for a pet just as English children keep cats." " How would you like that for a pet, instead of Old Pussy Long Tail, Weenie ?" said Phyl, displaying it. But Weenie was so wofully tired and excited and unhinged she burst into frightened tears, and declared her intention of hiding in the cellar instead of going on the ship. The distraction brought Phyl back to England and remembrance again. She put a hasty hand out for the watch, and her horrified eyes found the hands at a quarter to eleven. " It was only half-past nine when I looked last," she gasped, " and it was only ten minutes ago." " P—waps the hour hand has slipped down," suggested Dolly anxiously. Phyl leaned over the table and blew the light out hastily. " For goodness sake let's say our prayers at once," she said. " What will mother say when we tell her? Weenie, kneel up here quickly, pet, and then run off to your own bed." Weenie tumbled up wearily on the pillow. " Bless me and everybody, God, and let me find my sreepence again ; that's all, please, Phyl." Dolly saw her into the other room, tucked the clothes round her, and left her asleep before she could cross back again and begin her own devotions. Strange prayers these small girls prayed. They had a regular formula, in which " Our Father" came first and made them feel reverence, yet also fear, for the all-powerful God. Then they said the " Gentle Jesus " of their younger days, and loved with a warm, living love that tender Shepherd, who " In the Kingdom of His grace, gives a little child a place." And then came prayers begging for blessings individually for a number of relations and friends in an ascending order of affection. As, for instance—" Bless Jane and Harriet (or Hay'at) and cook, and old John, bless dear cousins Edith and Mary and Maurice, and dear little cousin Annie, and let poor Alice Partridge's back get better soon. Bless dear Aunt Margaret and dearest Aunt Ella, and—bless Aunt Anne, (the honest young tongues could not say dear to this severe, unbending sister of Mr. Conway's). Bless darling, darling little Weenie, and Dolly (or Phyl). Bless darling, darling, precious, sweet little mother, and make her quite well and strong on earth and very happy." (They added the " on earth," for they knew, alas ! that, like both the fathers they had lost, she might be " well and strong " and yet not be on earth.) And such was their horror now of death and the pain for the ones, left behind. " And pray, dear Lord," they added, sometimes with trembling lips, " don't let any of us die by ourselves, but let us all fall dead together." A petition or two then came of a purely private nature, for Christ was a tender Father to them, and they put up their wants in perfect faith, however trivial they were. " Oh, please," Dolly would pray, " if it is not wrong to ask, dear Jesus, will you let me say my R's quite stwaight like everybody says them." This was her keenest trouble. " Let me," was Phyl's petition at one time, " have quite straight hair, dear God, and a nose like Clara Cameron's. And let us be good to mamma, and grow up very quickly, and be able to do plenty of work to help her." Such long prayers Phyl used to say ; the two always knelt at the same time by the side of their bed, and began together, but Dolly had always finished first. She used to glance sideways at Phyl, and wish she. too, could think of so many things to say. And Phyl—surely it could not have been just to show the superiority of her extra years—used to kneel motionless with her pale face bent over her pale hands so long Dolly's respect for her used to increase almost nightly. She used to try and try herself to think of other things to add to keep her praying just as long as her sister, but after many vain efforts gave it up, and added instead at the very end of all her prayers—" And, please, dear Jesus, let me have said everything Phyl has said." To-night, when prayers were finished, and they lay down with their arms around each other, as usual, they could not get to sleep, for their broken promise pressed so heavily on their consciences they felt they could not wait until morning to confess to their mother. So after a time of silent tossing and sighs—they would not infringe further by any speech—Phyl sat up. ' 'You'll just have to go down and tell mamma now, Dolly," she said. " I'd like to go myself, only I suppose it would worry her a lot if I got another cold." So Dolly slipped out of bed and crept down-stairs, this time forgetful of the warm: dressing-gown and gay blue shoes." " Mamma," she whispered, creeping like a white ghost across the room where her mother, sat surrounded with papers, "we forgot, we're very sowy, we've broken our pwomise." Mrs. Conway's color had flown at the soft foot-steps and the sudden voice. But the forgiveness was given very soon, for she remembered being a child herself, and had not forgotten how mysteriously time used then to fly away. She wrapped her daughter round in a big shawl. " Are you sleepy, Dolly ?" she said.. Dolly's wide eyes and eager lips gave quick denial. " I want one of my girlies to-night," the poor mother said, and her lips trembled so and her eyelashes were so wet, Dolly knew just how lonely and grieving and anxious she was. So they sat on the sofa and had a little talk, and a cuddle, and they kissed each other often, and said low, tender things to each other just as lovers might have done, and the ache in the mother's heart passed away. " Phyl will have gone to sleep without you," Mrs. Conway said at last—" I think you must go now, sweetheart ; I will come, too, myself when I have put these papers away." But Dolly petitioned to stay till that was done, and watched with unweary eyes till the litter had all gone. " Then, mamma," she said suddenly, and it was not relevant to anything that had been said that evening, or, indeed, for days, but only to a want that had pressed sorely at her heart for two months, " shall we have new dresses to go to Australia in ?" Mrs. Conway smiled. " I think it highly probable they will be necessary," she said ; " I saw Phyl's elbow nearly through her house-frock this morning." " Oh, mamma !"—and the child rushed and buried ? her face on her mother's arm again— " Oh, mamma, need I take my grey one ?" The mother was much surprised. " That pretty little freck," she said ; " it is the nicest you have, dear, and not half worn out, is it ?" " N-no," said Dolly. but a painful red was in her cheeks. " Oh, please, please, mamma, don't let me take it—couldn't you give it away now ; I've had lt for long enough, and long enough, oh, please, mamma ?" " But what is the matter with it that you dislike it so ?" said Mrs. Conway, puzzled. Dolly's voice was very low. "It Isn't black," she said. " But it has a black eaBh and black trimmings," said Mrs. Conway. " Phyl's is all black," Dolly whimpered, " But what of that, my little girl ?" Dolly's head pressed closer. " It seems as If I don't care as much as Phyl," she whispered, and one tear fell right over her gold-brown lashes and down her cheek. Then the mother understood the frequent pain she had unknowingly caused the child by a small economy she had practised when the mourning was made. Dolly had had a grey frock trimmed with blue, and at , the time o.f Mr. Conway's death it was almost new. Phyl's blue and crimson and brown frocks had all been laid aside and also Dolly's other colored ones. But the grey one the mother had told the dressmaker to take the blue from, and substitute black, and it would make a userul house-frock. Years after, when Dolly looked back to her childish days that trouble was clearest remembered of all. But she had said nothing then, for the mother had said it would " save a little." But to contemplate taking it to Australia with her broke down her fortitude, and for the first time Mrs. Conway understood what a real grief it had been. " To-morrow we will send it to Mrs. Jones for her little girl," ¿he said ; " why didn't you tell me before, darling ?" But Dolly only clung closer and spoke no word, and they went to bed together. 