PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. "Three Little Maids," by Ethel S. Turner (Ward, Lock, and Co., through Gor- don and Gotch). —In Miss Ethel Turner, or, to speak more correctly, Mrs.H. B. Cur- lewis; Australia has an authoress, not only preeminent in this continent as a portrayer of child life, but in the very front rank of " Young people's authors" the world over. She seems to have preserved her impressions of her younger days more clearly and more vividly than most, and to be able to catch most successfully the thoughts that govern the action of little ones, the strange methods of deduction by which they arrive at conclusions, their quaint reasoning, and the delightful charm of their .conversation. In "Three Little Maids" she has succeeded' in doing all this, and she stakes her heroines through life from babyhood to womanhood with all the delightful fascination that belongs to "Seven Little Australians," "The Family at Misrule," and " The Story of a Baby." Dolly, Phyl, and Weenie go through varied experiences. Their earliest recollections are of an English home, from which, the head has been taken by death, and through that calamity they are driven out to Aus- tralia with their "little mother," there to fight and win the battle of life. Of course their early days are full of naughtiness— of a mild and dainty character—and as they grow older Dolly and Phyl develop literary leanings. It is here that Miss Turner (to call her by the name by which we know her best) introduces some chapters from her own life. Those who read the story of her literary beginnings will remember the inc- dent of the magazine she and, her sister ran in Sydney, where they filled up; its columns, themselves and canvassed, for ad- vertisments in the intervals of editorial work. It is all reproduced in "Three Little Maids," and it loses nothing by the repetition. Miss Turner has, as is her wont, drawn us some attractive pictures of true domestic happiness in her latest novel. She has brought home the knowledge that there do exist householders made up of varied atoms who can live together, in an atmosphere of affection—where the boys act as chivalrous knights to the girls, and the girls worship the boys as the embodiment of all that is manly, and where all the little differences are smoothed over by love. Her latest book, though primarily, intended to interest and amuse the younger genera- tion, convey. also a lesson to "grown ups," but a lesson that is so delicately hinted at, so cleverly interwoven with the enjoyment that comes to the most hardened, novel reader on perusal, that one does not realise its significance or its importance until the final chapter closes on the his- tory of the "Three Little Maids." " The Shadow of Allah," by Morley Roberts and; Max Montesole (John Long).— Although the name of Morley Roberts ap- pears on the title, page of this novel, the subject, matter and general style point much more to the fact that the bulk of the work is from the pen of Max Montesole, author of "The Circassian." Up to the present Mr. Roberts's forte has been the portrayal of the character of Englishmen members of " the legion that never was listed," usually, while "The Shadow of Allah" is wholly concerned with the ad- ventures' of Sarif Ak Karasy, the Circas- sian, in Stamboul, and there is not an Englishman, or, indeed, any man of West- ern Europe, in the cast. The book evinces throughout a knowledge of Turkish man- ners and Eastern customs which make it highly interesting. The story is somewhat intricate, but the incidents of the plot, as incidents, are extremely exciting. The authors have given their readers plenty of variety to choose from in intrigues and liaisons of the harem, the subtlety of Turkish diplomacy, the wiles of the eunuchs, and a sufficiency (to put it mildly) of blood-letting. Nearly every chapter has its du,l its assassination, or its attack on the hero and his friends. Sarif has a long and troublous path to follow, beset with all kinds of traps for the unwary, be- fore he enters the settled calm of matri- mony with his beloved Myndell, and one follows, his fortunes with a stir of the blood, and a tendency to "skip" which always proves the attractiveness of any novel of action. Though perhaps a little more of Morley Roberts's virility might have been introduced with advantage, the book is a welcome addition to its particular class. "The Experiment of Dr. Nevill," by Eneric Hulme Beaman (John Long). — When one, as in Mr. Hulme Beaman's latest, finds an early chapter headed with the direction, "To be skipped by the squeamish reader," one naturally looks for- ward to a thrill or two before finally, clos- ing the novel. Experience in,this class of literature—that is, " the shilling shocker," has taught readers that ingenuity in the conception of horrors has reached a high point, and in consequence this latest as pirant for fame in that direction is rather a disappointment. Mr. Beaman pins his faith on Dr. Nevill's theory that if the diseased portion of the brain of any human being is removed and replaced by that of a healthy person, the cerebral functions will again be discharged satisfactorily. A chance of experimenting comes to him in the accident which occurs to a young Lord Carsdale, who after a severe concussion loses his memory. Unfortunately for the young lord, the enthusiastic theorist chooses for substitution the brain of a criminal who had been hanged. The opera- tion is performed as soon as the murderer, is cut down, and Carsdale awakes afterwards with all his faculties alert but a repre- hensible desire to live as the deceased criminal lived. In short, the personality of the dead man dominates that of the living, and Carsdale goes through a series of start- ling adventures. Finally, his poor head is subjected to a third trephinniug, and all comes right. The story is a tame one. The central idea might have been used very well, as the motif of a farcical extrava- ganza, and some very absurd situations could have been evolved therefrom, but as a novel of incident " The Experiment of Dr. Nevill" falls very far short of the standard set by Richard Marsh and others, who make it their business to supply "hair-raisers" to an ever-expectant public " The Crowning of Gloria," by Richard Reardon (John Long).—in " Mr. Reardon's" ; novel one finds traces all through of the tyro hand, and also some hints that the author belongs not to the sex which the name would imply, but to the gentler. We have occasional descriptions of dress, " ex- quisitely-chiselled features," and "wealth of golden hair," which one has come to asso- ciate with the work of women novelists. The story is of a lady who chafes at the enforced inaction of her lot, and wants to be of those who make the world's history. Just at this period of unrest she comes in contact with Edward Ray, a love-child of the people, who, imbued with Socialistic and somewhat Utopian ideas, tries to put them into practice, with results that are usually, disastrous to himself and those who support him. He endeavours to put down the drink traffic, and as a consequence loses his billet, and is subject thereafter to the unexplained attacks of a certain individual who only appears in the pages of the novel to make things unpleasant for the hero. There is a jaunt in a gypsy van, and several boating trips, to lend change of scene to the novel, and a fair amount of argument, in which the author seeks to explain her point of view on various burning questions Of course, Gloria falls in love with Ray, and the reader is left with the knowledge that this cultured girl and educated en- thusiast, begin life together in a fisherman's cottage, in which they are to be " passing rich on £40 a year." The whole novel is too improbable for acceptance, and the style, the development, and the characters are not attractive enough to make the book more than a stop-gap, wherewith to fill in a train journey or an idle hour. "The Pall Mail Magazine."—The most en- tertaining articles in the November number of Lord Frederic Hamilton's magazine are those by Tighe Hopkins on " Recreations of Prison," the title of which sufficiently ex- plains its contents, and "Searchlight's" second paper on "How-to Popularise Our Army " in which he advocates various sen- sible and easily obtained reforms. In his "Ex Libris" article, W. E. Henley writes on "The Letters of T. E. Brown," the author of " Fo'c'sle-Yarns," G. S. Street has a few remarks to make on Gib- bon. The fictional element is sustained by a well-written sketch "Their First Experi- ence," by Maria Van Vorst, ah eerie ex- perience ; " A Night on the Moor," by R. Murray Gilchriist ; " A Question of Sal- vage," by Welter Wood, and a most laugh- able incident in the lite of those "Treasure Seekers," the Bastables. The poetry and the illustrations contained in the same issue are of the usual high order. " Pears' - 1900 Annnal."—The Christmas season draws on apace, and the first of the customary Christmas numbers to appear is "Pears' Annual." For a long time a story by Dickens was usually its contents, but this year that rule has been altered, and Max Pemberton is the author chosen. His story, "Love the Harvester," is a bright and merry tale of olden times, and of those who went a-hunting when George the Third was king. It is, of course, a well- told tale, and the illustrations help it on its course exceedingly well. There are three coloured plates to go with the annual entitled "The British Lion," " Beware," and "Making Friends,"'all of them reproductions of pic- tures by well-known artists. In short, of the usual run of Christmas numbers " Pears' Annual" for this year is an excellent and acceptable example. " The National Review."—Fromm an Aus- tralian standpoint the reader of the October number of "The National Review" will feel inclined to take strong exception to the exaggerations (almost amounting to misrep- resentations) which characterise an article on " The Roman Catholic Hierarchy of Aus- tralia" contained in it. Other articles in the number are "The German Danger in the Far,"East,'' which takes a pessimistic view of that nation's ulterior motives in China, and "A Plea for the Control of China," by Captain Younghusband. " The Oxford Un- dergraduate" deals with the unwritten laws governing conduct at the University, and diversity is afforded the issue by Miss Jane Barlow's "Scene from Bog Land in War- Time," entitled " Ghost Bereft." The rest of the papers are all of a readable nature and the issue, taken altogether, is a good one. "The' Geographical Journal."—Professor Alfred C. Haddon continues his most inter- esting studies on the Anthropogeography of British New Guinea in the October number of the " Geographical Journal," while Aus- tralian readers will find further matter of moment to them in C. E. Borchgrevink's article on " The Southern Cross" Expedi- tion to the Antarctic. The rest of the papers are rather too technical to be enjoyed by the general reader. " French Commercial Correspondence," by Alfred Stark (Blackie and Sons). —This volume is a useful little educational work, containing in a compact and easily assimi- lated form the chief rules governing, the writing of business letters in France. In- cidentally one picks up, of course, much in- struction on French grammar in general. 