THE SCOURGE OF GOD. A. Sabate; Ktjmar Ghosh, in the "Daily Express," July 12th. At this moment, from the banks of the Godavery to the waters of the Sutledj; all India is a desert. Sixty millions of people, as large a number as would twice fill England and Wales are racked with the pangs of hunger; six millions of them would die to morrow but for a handful of rice. How many more have passed away beyond the reach of human aid, no man can tell. In Central India the affliction is the deepest. The fields are void and. barren, and without people. The oracked earth, burnt to a mahogany brown, shrieks for rain. Not a patch of green anywhere, not a blade of grass. The leaves of the trees, withered, frizzled, twisted, have fallen off* the naked branches. In entire villages not a living creature can be seen, save, perhaps, an emacia ted bullock breathing" but its life in the company of a starving crow, that watches for its last gasp from an adjacent dung-heap. Half the popu lation," those still able to walk or stand, have gone off to the relief camps; the other "half have laid themselves down to die in silence in hovels and dark places. The scenes in the camps are grim and tragic. Erom one thousand to five thousand are gathered together in different places—a multitude of skin and bones, and hollow, glasBy eyes. The'flesh on any of them would not cover the body of an average English" babe. Their emaciated faces bear an expression of abysmal despair, inten sified a hundredfold by contrast with the look of intelligence and even of refinement in those not so far gone in starvation. Little children, who have come with their mothers into the camp, stand with large lustreless eyes, watching the hungry, mangy curs that, too, have followed in the wake of the population—and they fight with the curs to snatch a half-eaten crust. Tne usual* labor in the camp is breaking stones; the-pay, an anna (penny) per day. A large heap, com prising a dozen big rocks, the largest half a hundredweight, is a man's allotted task; a lesser heap, a woman's; half a man's heap is a child's. And these stones have to be broken up so small as to make mac adam roads. A traveller was passing by the camp, a sturdy young Englishman. He noticed a man sitting before' bis unbroken heap, with arms thrown de jectedly over his knees. A few yards off was a girl of eight, ineffectually tapping a cobble- stone with a small mallet. The traveller took in the situation, and asked the man for his hammer. The half-starved creature's hands trembled weakly in merely raising the hammer, and the young Englishman, athlete though he was, essayed a dozen vigorous blows before he could split the rook. But he stayed an hour, and broke up the man's heap and the girl's. | And now a now terror was added i to the sufferings of the multitude. So far they had water to drink ; now the I shallow wells, dug with spades and | mattocks, had yielded up their last I drop. And the heat was terrific ; 150 deg. in the eun. The sun was a ball of fire in a sky of copper. - The thirsty multitude gazed upwards with lolling tongues, but saw not a rain cloud anywhere. Maddened with unutterable - pain, they broke forth in search of water. In a body they deserted the camp. Hunger was bad; thirst a thousand times worse. Ear across the fields they roamed in groups of tens and twenties. At last a cry of joy was heard; it came from a party making towards a clump of trees and low bushes. All within earshot rushed that way. In the centre of the little jungle was a stagnant pool—the remains of last year's rains, protected from the fierce sun by the overhang ing trees and tall bamboo reeds. But tho water was a yellowish green, covored with a threefolfl layer of rotting leaves. It was all alive with living, creeping things, and buzzing, with blue winged flies. Into this the multitude cast themselves, and lapped up the water greedily- with their tongues. That night cholera broke out in the camp—" black cholera," that tortures its victims with untold agonies before releasing them by death. Its only mercy is that it is so short; some times three hours, at most six. That night the multitune laid themselves down by the roadside. -Most of them were in bare loin-cloths; here and there one lay shrouded in a white sheet like a silent ghost. The heat was 110 in the shade, and this at night. The unwinking moon shone alike upon dead and dying; Darkness would have given a sense of coolness. Not a breath of wind stirred the dust motes that hung in the air like painted spots against a painted sky. After a while the English doctor came. He felt a pulse here, examined a dis tended eyeball there, shook his bead in silence, and passed on. Only a few received a dose from the black bottles his assistant carried. The others awaited their turn—some lying still in callous " apathy, some strug gling up with feverish eyes, to read their doom in the doctor's face. Suddenly a low moan was heard in the palpitating stillness—from " some poor wretch who had. read his death warrant. The effect was instantaneous. The cry passed from mouth to mouth. Eleven hundred moans shook the hot' air, eleven hundred cowering forms swayed from side to side in agonising terror. It was black despair and panic now. A sudden panic, appalling in its intensity." The eleven hundred rose up, all but the dead, and fled into the night—some tottering and falling, rising again in a vain effort, then cast prone upon the earth—some reeling like drunken men, helping each other with locked hands, like the blind leading the blind. But all fled into the jungle, the white, pitiless moon shining upon the huddled heaps tkat^marked the fugitives' flight along the nelds. And there was none to bury them or burn them. But from afar off there arose an ominous sound — hoarse 'screeches and flapping wings. It was a flock of vultures, starving, fierce, fighting one another with claw and talon to get down first to do their horrid work. Tnis was done in the green woo what shall it be said of the dry ? W shall speak of tho pains of those wi remained in the village ? Eespectal women, veiled from the eyes of me who to dig were not able, and to b were ashamed! And when tho h( sleepless night came upon the me they had at least the roadway to * upon. But what of tho unseen worn who panted beneath low, flat roc and red brick walls ? And what the children ?—for where the worn are, there are the children also. 