THE DAWN OF THE AUSTRALIAN CHURCH. Speaking at St. Joseph's Church, Wool hara, His Eminence Cardinal Moran said: —The first stone of old St. Mary's might be said to be the monumental-stone mark ing the dawn of the freedom of religion in Australia. - That stone was laid by the very Governor (Macquarie) who but a few years before had been among those who were ever ready to assail the Catholic Church. From that day to the present time the memorials of every triumph of religion, every victory- of 'Catholicity, might be said to be clustered around St. Mary's. Like the oak tree in the forest, the fiercer the storm the stronger and more stately was the growth of the Catho lio Church. To all who contributed to St. Mary's it should be a consolation greater, and a gratification more intense, than any ordinary human happiness to know that the temple, complete as it stands, will be solemnly consecrated" to God during the present year. It should be their joy and their pride that they had contributed to a monument commemorating the triumphs of religion in Australia in this our first century. Those among whom the Franciscan Fathers ministered had a special right to have their names associated with the building of St. Mary's Cathedral. They were Franciscan Fathers those men who came here as chaplains of the Spanish navy with De Quiros 300 years ago. It was De Quiros who gave Australia its first title, Tierra Austral del Espirito Santo (Australia of the Holy Ghost). A Franciscan priest it was who first offered Holy Mass on the shores of Australia in North Queensland in 1606. So, too, it was a Franciscan priest, Pere Eecevur, who accompanied La Perouse to Australia, and whose remains were interred on the shores of Botany Bay in February, 1788. Those Franciscan Fathers of our earliest history made Australia the heritage of the blessings of St. Francis. For these reasons the Franciscan Fathers of to-day and their flock merited in a special way to have their names inscribed in St Mary's Cathedral. A record of all who gave in response to the present appeal would be kept in the Cathedral. In conclusion, the Cardinal said that the names of those who gave that day would be published with those of others who were anxious to see St. Mary's Cathedral completed. St. Mary's was an edifice of which they were all justly proud, it was worthy of the Catholic name, worthy of the Catholic worship of the Most High, and worthy also of Australia and of Australian generosity He knew that it was a bad time to make this parochial collection, so soon after Christmas, but he was sure that the re sponse would be worthy of their well known generosity and of their Catholic piety. 