CHAPTER II. Just for a few brief seconds tlic beautiful; pale face evolved itself from tbe murky at mosphere and then was gone. I But in Everard Sinclair's mind no doubt was possible. He did not stop to reflect, to reason with himself, and recall his own pre-occupation with Leonie's image, the length of time which had elapsed since he had last seen her, or the uncertainty of the light. A flash of blue Are in a London fog, and lo, out of the dead past ha had conjured up the image of the woman for whom his soul had hungered so long! It was Leonie or her ghost he told himself wiidly as, crying aloud her name, he groped with out stretched hand in the direction of the vision. But his eager hands embraced nothing but stifling fog; ard the gibing voices of the street boys, as they prepared other spectral fires on the kerbstones, struck in muffled discord upon his straining ears. She must have gone on across the road and up the street, he told himself. He even imagined, as' he dashed in that direction, that he could distinguish before him, almost within arms' reach, a slight female figure m a long black cloak, her outline blurred by the all-pervading fog. "Leonie, Leonie, turn back! It is I— Everard Sinclair." Whither or how far he hurried in pur suit he could not tell; but always he re tained the fixed idea that the woman he sought was ahead of him, and that in a few strides he would overtake her. Once in deed his fingers grasped what seemed like a cloak; but immediately it was wrenched fiOm his hand, and-blundering in. the dark ness his foot slipped over the kerb at the moment when a hansom cab, driven by a muddled and gin-dazed driver, collided with a lamp-post, and dashed on to the pavement A stunning blow, which felled him to the ground, a sensation of acute pain which was speedily^merged in insensibility, were his next impressions; but before total uucon sciousness supervened, he could hear con fused shouts, the cabman swearing and ex culpating himself to a policeman, and above all, the sweet dominant note of a'woman's voice, which was as music to his cars. " Here is his address! Now help to lift him into the cab, and I will take him home!" Msjor-General Sinclair, Everard's father, was a slightly-built, gray- moustached vcte u of sixty; a widower who had closed^ i brilliant army career, and whose entire hopes were centred- in his son. . At a little before twelve o'clock on this foggy night he was still sitting np for him in a'smoking-jacket and slippers before the library fire. At length a ring at the bell heralded Everard's return. The old officer heard the opening of the front door, then the shuffling of feet in the hall, and an ex clamation of dismay from the butler. Limp ing a little as he leaned on his stick, Eve rard's father hurriedly threw open the study door and passed inlo the hall, to find him self face to face, not with his son, but with a hospital nuxse, wrapped in» a long, dark cloak, her neat black bonnet with while strings emphasising the extreme pallor of her face. "You are Major-General Sinclair, are you not?" she asked, addressing him in tones of singular sweetness. " Your son has met with an accident. He was knocked down by a cab in the fog. Don't be too much alarmed I The doctor will he litre al most immediately, and I think he will be ab'e to reassure you. I myself do not be-1 lieve there is any immediate danger, but your son is badly bruised and stunned, and I fear the right aim is broken. I was close by when he'was knocked down, and find iug his card in his pocket, £ brought him home." 41 My boy! my poor boy 1" the old soldier murmured a little later, as he bent over the inanimate form and white drawn face of his only son. "There is no danger, doctor? You are sure of that ?" 44 There is a good deal of fever, and he is badly knocked about," the doctor said. "But now that his arm is set, rest and quiet and good uursing are all he requires. You can't do better than engage Nurse Clare, who brought him home. She was a long time with us at St. Barnabas' Hospital, and she is one of the cleverest and most careful liurses we have ever had." 44 She seems an exceedingly nice woman, and most gentle with my poor boy. Is it Miss or Mrs. Clare?" " Really, I can't tell you! Mrs., I think; I have an idea that slTe is a widow. But Nurse Clare is what we always call her I will call again the first thing to-morrow morning. Meantime, Genera!, I should strongly advise you to go to bed. You can't do your son any good by sitting up, and Nurse Clare will look after him." But Everard's father was fai too anxious on his son's account to take rest In his dressing gown and siippers he crept to the door of his son's room more than once in the night, always to find installed near the invalid's bedside the slight figure of Nurse Clare in a dark stuff gown and snowy apron, and a cap which iramed a face no longer young, but of a gentle, restful beauty. The nurse's plentiful hair, wavy and silky as that of a young child, was already gray," and under her lustrous dark eves were hollows that told of mental and phy sical pain. In her voice and touch, and iu the steady sweetness of her regard, there existed a wouderfui charm of magnetism and sympathy "I am suffering with you, for I have suf lered too," was the look in her face, and Everard's father was even more alarmed than touched when, as he crept to the open door of his son's ' room, he found Nurse Clare gazing intently on Everard's uncon scious face, while big tears rolled silently ' >wn her cheeks. "Why do you cry?" whispered the old gentleman, almost fiercely, as he laid his hand upon the woman's shoulder. "Is it because you think that he will die?" Clearly his abrupt question startled her; but she "dried her eyes and answered him iu level tones of extreme sadness: " It is not that. I am sure he will get well But your son is very like—someone whom I knew years ago—whom I lost, aud who was very dear to mc." "Ah! your husband?" She-looked at him in surprise a moment. Then she bowed her head. 44 Yes, my husband f' \- 44 Poor girl, poor girl!" He patted her shoulder kindly, and limped out, considerably comforted. She was probably a woman of between thirty and forty, he decided; but she must have been wonderfully pretty in her youth. She'would certainly take care of his son all tho more,' since he resembled ber dead hus band. Poor little woman! 