DIVORCE. the coningha5z case. - \- end of the trialr an unsatisfactory ter mination. jury disagree and are ' discharged. . after being locked up' " twelve- hours. -1 , By jj'eteor.tvn. V 8ydney, December 13 Tbo Coningbam dlvorco case is now within . measurable distancp of tbo end. Mr. Want finished bis address to tho jury about half- past 11 o'clock. ' In tho ooursoof his address Mr. Want' said luni novor, in too records or tno Divorce Court, bad tbero been a' caso in which tho wlfo camo in as tho first and- only witness to help ber husband put his hands into the pock cts of a corc6portdent. . Never had there been a caso bcloro in which a man had attempted to Una bis pockets by having recounted In the I withesc-box tho story of his wife's dishonour, I as had been the caso in this suit. Ho would "I undertake to convince tbo jury that the wholo I thing was a put-up job. Tho task beford him " I was mado difficult by tho intelligonco Bhown 'I by tho.potUioncr nnd his wife in tho course of I tlio case. They were both clover people, and I tho petitioner,' though without assistance in . I tho court, baa ns allies outside two astuto I pdlico attorneys. Tho jury might bollcvo tho I evldenco for petitioner, they might believe I that for the co respondent, or they might con- ' I sidor the caso not proved ; and then, ns the I Judgo bad said, thoy mu6t givo co-rcspondent I the benefit' of the doubt. . Ho, however, I wanted nothing of thatvkinil, because if Dr. I O'Hnran went from tho court with a verdict I that the jury did not know whether he was I guilty or not ho would go forth a disgraced man. It had been shown in ovidence tbiit .tho potitionor and bis wifo had resided to- m gotbor after tho data of the confession, whioh m ho (Mr. Want) affirmed had been altered to B suit tbo altcrca Btato. of eircumstnnces, -and B the co- respondent might easily havo raised tbo B ground of condonation ; but he asked tho jury B not to decide this caso on tho ground of con B donation, but to do U on a clean-out and clear 'B issuo, which was that there was no truth in B the allegations made by lbs petitioner and his . B wife. -.Mr. Coningham then commonccd to ad- B dress tho jury. In. tho course of his ' B speech he pointed out how he - had B had to fight the ease alone' against the - B ablest counsel in the Inndi and surrounded B by others who had myrmidons to do their B bidding. Referring to his wifo, he said : " I B mot her in 1800, nnd courted her for three B years. I found no blemish whatever. Sho B wanted to tell mo of her past, but I did not B| want to know it. I found her conscientious B and true, and she continued so till fato threw Bj her into the clutches of ono of a religious ' Bl training, who worked bis web nround her till H lio took hor affection from mc, nndkrobbed H her of ber mother's highest hon &/, her H children of their good name, and m?,fcVier ' H lovo nnd afTcction, and left mo what V H now. She fell, and went to her Bj confessor, Father Fouhy, nnd h3 absolved her H from that 'sin. She tried to hido her shame, H nnd hid it. Only one man and woman knew H of it besides tho father of the child, and that woman camo G-50 miles to- tell of what B| occurred all these years Ago. assisted by her H father confessor, who was in Sydney, for ho B| (petitioner) had seen him. Why did they not B| call Father Fouby ? Because if he had entered H tho box and told what tho girl confessed to H him what would the world havo thought ? They dared not put him thero. He, as her H husband, knew of the child for tho first timo B as ho sat at tho court table, lio hnd not H wanted to know, perhaps lie had suspected Bj something, but be was satisfied with her ns H ha found her." Mr. Coningham stated, with H regard to tho damages claimed, that he did H not wnnt to touch a penny of whatever tho B jury might give him. lie did not wnnt the B filthy stuff. It was his children he was fight- .B jng for. In concluding, ho rem irked that fl thero was a passage in "Iloraco" to the B effect that " punishment, though slow afoot, B seldom failed to overtake the guilty," and B| this case should provo the accuracy of the B assertion. Bl Justice Simpson commenced summing up Bl at n-qnnrter to 3 o'clock. He pointed out B| that, though it might senm strange, it was . Bl quite open to tbo jury to find against the re- Bl spondent (Mrs Coningham) on Use issue of. Bl adultery, but still not against tho co-respon- B dent. Never since he had been sitting in tho Bl Divorce Court had ho presided over a case in wmcn a rcspouuent, tno guilty woman, had been called as a witness and admitted her adultery to try to prove adultery against the co-respondent. Ifln this caso the jury con- Bb scicntiously believed the rospendcot to be a witness of truth, thry.ehould find a verdict in BB favour of the petitioner, even if tho respond- cnt stood alone and absolutely unsupported. The evidenco of one witness, if accepted as B true, mast carry more weight than that of B twenty or thirty 011 tho other side whoso B testimony seemed open to doubt. The jury did not require to bo absolutely certain of the guilt of tho respondent nqd tho co-re- fl B spondent, because that would be impossible (B Without ocular proof, tho law merely re- quired that the jurors, exercising the faculties B God hnd given them, should as reasonable Bl men feci satisfied of the guilt of tho accused. B In this case ho thought it would bo Impossible Bj for tbem to find against tho respondent wlth» H f - out also finding against tho co-respondent ' It would be just as serious for the co-respondent if tbej found against Mrs. Coningbam, bat did not find against him. Tho question bad been raised as to Absolution by tho Church, - nnd tbcro was no doubt, If what the petitioner said was true, ' and II there were such a doe- trine in tbo Cburcb of Home, it was most dreadful. Gould they bcltovo that . in any Churoh thero could be ft doctrine by which ft man could commit adultery on Monday, con fess and receive absolution on Friday, and then go Into tho witness-box and s.vcar that ho hnd never committed aduitcry at all, be cause ho. had been absolved.. And yet that was what tho petitioner said was tho doctrine of tho Church of Home. Dr. O'Haran said, thero was no such doctrine. Tho jury would remember tMHbitbcr Crecgan brought his own littloBblo to bo sworn on, while Cardinal Moran, Dr. O'llaran, and Father Byrno kissed the Protestant Bible. Still, Dr. O'Haran said that the latter 4&th; was binding on his con- s-nce, though a Catholic Biblo would h;.ve been prefetred. Fathor Crecgan, was asked whether, after absolution, it wns considered that there bad been do sin, and tbo witness said " No," but that was hardly consistent with Dr. O'Haran's statement. The co-rcspondont said, that it a man got absolution in tbo Church of Rome, and the din was forgiven, It was wiped out. „ " Though your sins be as scarlet they snail be white ns snow."' But between, tbo -Protestant and Roman Catbollo Churches there was, in tho estimation of somo peoplef a dlffcrcnco on the . question al 'absolution by tho priest. If they jead the passages in (ho English Prayer-book c'Jwr tbo visitation of tho.Bick thoy vwould soo that if tho sick man' was moved to make, confession tho priest was to say, "I absolve thco from all thy sins, in tho nnmo of tho Father; Son, and Iloly Ghost." Having .quoted from tho cvidcnco concerning the doctrine of the Church of Homo ns to tho forgiveness of sin9, his Ilonour asked If there was anything wrong with that? Was. it not . tho doctrine of Christianity ? If sin were forgiven it wns blqtted out, of course. It would bo n dreadful thing if God forgave a sin and It was not so. His Honour had not concluded summing up at tho rising of tho court, and tho c'nso was adjourned till tho following day, the jury being allowed to go to their homes, as they havo been all through the hearing of the 'case. r . Sydney, December 11. Tiio Coningbam case was continued this morning. Just boforo 4ho jury retired to consider their vcrdiet, Joslico Simpson ro (erred to -the suggestion which hnd been made by tbo petitioner thnt because mem her of tho Roman Catholic Church received absolution ho could make statements In tho . witness-box at variance with what they knew to bo tho truth. : .The jury, ho said, must bo careful ns to tho weight to bo nttacbcd'to such a suggestion. Thoy knew that Pro&stnnts; say strong things ugainst \- Roman- Catholics, and they hod recently had nn instance at St. Mary's Cathedral ns to what vejy strong things n Roman Catholic would Bay "about Protestants. Tho stnto- ments mado by Archbishop Redwood ns, tu the oharacter of Protestants ought never to have been made.' They were strongly re- seoted by Protestants, and he believed" ho was right in saying that they were also re gretted by the vast . majority of Roman .. Catholics. It only showed' how vile attacks could be mado by the Church of Rome, and, on the other hand, tbey probably know what attacks could bo mado by Protestants, but they must hot allow their minds to bo swayed 'by such consideration. They must givo.'a verdict according-to tho evidence put.boforo ' them, regardless of tho consequences. - Tho jury -retired at 10 minutes past 11 o'clock to consider their verdict. Later, 0 p.m. At 4 o'clock tho jury had- not agreed on their verdict, and it is understood there is no likelihood of their doing so. . 7 p.m. , At C p.m. -tho 'jury had not agreed, and they wero then locked np until 11.15 p.m., when, according to law, they will bo entitled to a discharge if they hftvo not agreed. Judge Simpson intimated that it both sides were agreeable ho would accept the majority .tferdht, but neither side was ugrceablo to do do so. 12 p.m. At 11.15 p.m. the jury were called in, when it was found that they failed to - agrco, and were accordingly discharged. A three-fourths . verdict (9 to 9), which would have been ac cepted by the, judge, could not bu obtained, and it is stated that tho jury wore fairly eventy divided, a rumor placing the proportion at 7 to 5 and another at (1 to C. Tho caso accordingly stands as it did at tho commencement so far as the law is concerned.' It cannot, .owing to pressure of business, ho 'again brought on this term ; in fact, a point was stretched to allow it to finish to-day, and whether it coincs on next term at the end of January or beginning of February rests on-, tircly with tho petitioner, Coningbam. . Tho kconcst disappointment Is manifested nil round ht tho unsatisfactory , termination of the case, and feeling 'on both sides is running very, high. 