METHODIST TWENTIETH CENTURY MOVEMENT. INAUGURAL MEETING. A BRILLIANT SUCCESS. Splendid enthusiasm marked the launch-<*> ing of the Methodist Twentieth Century Movement at the Pirie-street Church on Wednesday afternoon and evening. The public demonstrations were jireluded by an hour's devotional exercises, presided over by the Key. H. T. Burgess, LL.D. Tlie Rev. Dr. Fitchett, of Melbourne, during the afternoon preached an eloquent and impressive sermon from the text, "Now the God of Hope fill you with all joy and peace ia believing that ye may abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost.' —Romans, xv., 13. He de cribed the Christian life as being crowned with three graces—faitSi, hope, love. Faith and Jore were usually conspicuous, but hope was often allowed only a minor place. Yet that virtue was to life wliat the per fume and tint were to flowers. Cities were buitt to its music, colonies were planted, farmers toiled, and sailors put out to sea, under Vhc inspiration and impulse of hope. Dante and Milton had each represented hell as the abolition of hope. Dante's well known motto, "AH hope abandon ye \;-ho enter here," and Hilton's kindred i&rase;, "Hope never comes, that cornea to all, dhowed tte esteem in which hope was held by these two great poete. The Christian had mighty reason^ for hope, .when he thought of the scale and splendor with which God worked in the lower realm of nature. By the touch of His finger lie had transformed dead matter into snming stars. This being so they ought to remember that He was their Father, and would do for tihem infinitely more than He had done in the lower realm. They should have hope for themselves, for the Church, for their country, and for the world. To indulge the pessimistic spirit was an insult to God. He knew that many people criticised the Church, but they should look at what it stood for and symbolised. It represented the purities and sanctities of the people. It stood for God and Heaven. He had seen the flag wavine over the House of Commons in London; it was worthless in itself, but it represented an Empire, and to take down that flag the enemy would first have to destroy that Empire. There tvere two material symbols of tie King dom of God in the world; one waa t3ie Bible, the other the Church. The Me thodist Church had especial grounds foi hope, because it had had its birth with the third (treat English Beformation On May 24, 1735, John Wesley had been con verted, and a ?church !had been founded which now had 25.000.000 adherents scat tered throughout t!he world. As an Em jnre they ought to hope. God had blessea them abundantly. The sceptre which to day was in the hand of a trliite-haired godly woman was a mightier poivor than the sword of tie Caesars. The English na tion was called of God to be the euardian of the weak races, the friend of t-Kc slave, nod the preserver of justice. The sense of such a Divine vocation should nil them ?with nope. The present war in South Af rica was in itself ground for hope. He did not know any ?war in history which bore upon it the stamp of a. providential call more unmistakably. It had been a call to sacrifice and suffering, font it had lifted the British colonies up to a new place in the Emipire. About 1,500 persons sat down to tea, ?which Tras provided in the Town Ha.lL THE OBGAK EECTTAL. TbeVchurcih was crowded at the organ, recital given by JDr. E. A. Daltrey in the Pirie-street Church before the evening meeting. A programme embracing the following items was brilliantly rendered:— Sonata No. 2 (Mendelssohn), Vesper bells (cipinney), Festal march (Calkin), Giant fugue (Bach), Fanfare (rvemmensj. The ipower and resources of the fine instru ment were well demonstrated in the inter pretation of the several numbers, each of which elicited well merited applause. THE PITBLIC DEMONSTRATION-. Th? public -demonstration was of a. most enthusiastic character. The Rev. J. Cow pertbwaitc, B-A_ led the opening devo tions, after which tne Rev. Dr. Burgess called upon the audience to join in the Na tional Anthem, which was sung lustily. Sir Samuel Way, on the introduction oi Dr. Burgess, took the chair amidst as outburst of applause. Tfie Chairman said that above all things the Methodists were a loycj people. T&ev; wooTd never forget that May 24 was the anniversary of the conversion of John Wes ley amd die anniversary of the birth of Queen Victoria. He regretted that his Excellency the Governor could not be pre sent. He had. however, bidden him tell that audience that nothing but the great erief into <srhic3i 'his family was "plunged by the death through treachery of a sol dier hero had prevented him being pre sent to personally express his sympathy with the movement. They were there for the purpose of expressing their gratitude to Cod Cor the mercies of the century. Through tie influence of the Rev. Hogb Price Hughes, the most remarkable man who bad sat in the seat of John Wesley, the Twentieth Century Fund had been broadened into the Twentieth Century Movement. Methodists in all parts of the world were combining in the movement. British Wesleyans had 6et themselves to raise 1,009,000 guineas. The Methodist in the United States of America tvere raising 4,000,000 guineas; in Canada they ?were raising 300,000 guineas; New Souta Wales and Victoria each had resolved on 50,000; Tasmania, Queensland, and West Australia, each contemplated raising 10,000 guineas; and in South Australia they hoped confidently to get 40,000 guineas. Looking back on the 100 years almost closed they coirld see that the nineteenth had been the grandest of ail the cen curies. Amongst the many blessings of the century were the growth and development of the British Empire, with its colonies. They would soon have that blessing throughout Souti Africa. The raising of the siege of Mafe king was the beginning of the end, and the beneficial British Empire would soon hold sway there. After reviewing the develop ment of Methodism and tie many benefits it had conferred on the world and on South Australia, an excellent address was concluded with a telling appeal to each of those present to consider "how much owest thou to the Lord?" (Cheers.) The Key. W. A. Lan^sford read greet ings from the oilier Australian conferences, and from tfte Rev. J. B. Stephenson, cf Port Pirie, ana the Eev. W. G. Clarke, oi Kooringa. The^Eev. Dr. Burgess moved—"That the meeting acknowledge the won derful goodness of God to the Methodist Church, in South Australia in enabling it to convey the Gospel <blessings through out tike land, and apply Christian princi ples to fte national life," and believing that the best form of expressing gratitude for such mercies -will be by procuring means by which the church may more efficiently earn- on its widening work, resolves to give lhe Twentieth Century Movement its most cordial support." lie said iliac 03 years apo last Tuesday week the germ of Sfauth Australian Metlio-1 dism came into existence, when ihe lirst Methodist class meeting was conducted by j Pastor Abbott. He referred to the growth J of the church ;md Uie -development ot the colony since that dale. There were now J 500 Methodi.-t churches and 138 other j preaching places. These had cost hah a million oi money, of which amount £400,000 ' had been eubs'cribed. There were 1,000 preaeiicrs, including laymen, and 4,000 .Sun day-school teachers. The people of South Australia had £3,269,000 in the Savings Bank. That was only a small pocket of the national savings. The Methodists ot the colony were almost one-fourth of the entire population, but to put it down at a fifth it would mean that they had_ £650,000 of that money to their credit. They were richer than they had supposed. He ap pexlvd to them to acknowledge tsie mercies they had received. (Cheers.) lhe llev. Dr. Kitchett, who was received by the audience standing, said tha* in Vic toria they had found that the Twentieth Century movement had captured the im agination of the people. They seemed to be standing between two centuries. They could hear the closing of a. gate behind Them, and it was a solemn moment. Uue of the most distinguished features of Methodism was its connexionaiisn. He hoped they would keep that spirit alive in the movement, and give their donation to connexional objects, and not merely to local interests. The heirs of the twentieth century would be the boys and girls of to day. He wanted <to take the conscience anS brain of the young men and women captive. His quarrel watli miyiy young men mas that they did not take themselves seriously enough. Whether they realised i it or not, each young man was a. factor in hL*ory. Alfred Russell Wallace, the sui thor of "The Wonderful Century," had told tiiem that during the last 100 yeara 24 new inventions and discoveries had been made. It was a. miracle Chat on Sunday night hist a clerk should sound, "'Maieking , relieved," in a London office, and that the syllables should sound on this continent al most immediately. (Chears.) The eea- : tary had seen' wonderful religious develop- j ments. The political history had been equally marvellous. Tie century had seen the longest and most splendid reign in English history. The popularising of edu cation, the extension of the franchise, were amongst die achievements of die century. The work of the young people was to take the achievements of tiie nineteenth cen tury and translate them into the twen tieth ?en'tury. The men of the next cen tury most be of greater brain than their predecessors. The preachers must preach better sermons, die lawyers must be more learned, the politicians must be greater statesmen than those who had gone before them. There was no place in the world where Iffift.'ftas more free and opportuni ties greaitf than in Australia. TWb was the only continent on earth which had been given,to one people, and what a con tinent it Jtes! If the lads of Australia were fioirc to^be worthy of tTicir history and ttje fxtqfanent, they mujft enter the uWentraayffentury with noble pians and purposes!'' (Applause.) The representatives of 11 circuits men tioned the amounts which rhc local com mittees ihoucht would probably be raised in each of their districts, and the total reached £10,300. Special music was rendered by the ATcher-sfcreet Ohoir, under the direction of Mr. Fash, and Mr. E. A. Daltry presided at the organ. On the motion of the Hon. F. W. Hol der, seconded by Mr. A. W. Ware (Mayor ! of Adelaide), heerty thanks were tendered to Dr. Fitchett Sir Samuel Way. Mr. O.i! try, Mr. Pash, and the Archer-street Choir, for services in connection with the demonstration, aod .to the ladies who had assisted with the tea. 