HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. His Excellency the Governor sent the oan Bill down to the Assembly early on ednesday. It is for £930,300. The eading of a petition against the passing of he Snow Bill causeu several interjections nd considerable amusement. The statement that the passing or tiie measure ould '"demoralize public life" greatly tick, led membe:s, and to another statement ilr. rainger interjected "That's a He." Some, ody cheered, but the Speaker thought that as net a proper remark, and Mr. Grainer modified it to "It is not a true stateent." Mr. Tucker—"Who signs that?" Tiie Speaker—"C. Pioud." (Loud laughter.) Mr. Brooker presented a petition igned by six beneficiaries under the will o£ the late \Y. H. Gray, praying for an amendment in the Patawaionga Bridge Bill. Mr. firainger read a lepiy from the savings bank trustees to his questions, and asked he Treasurer if he would recommend the trustees to improve the manner of keeping heir accounts. Mr. Holder said he had no power to irvterfeie, but doubtless the trustees in the House would take a note of the matter. (Mr. Solomon—"The accounts are kept on the same lines as those of the reasury.'' Laughter. MS-. Grainger—"Very uch the same. ) Hie Premier intimated hat he would ask members to begin Thursay's, sitting at 11.30 a.m., and to be preared to sit on Friday. Arrangements are being made for the prorogation to take lace on Thursday of next week, and as members generally—especially country reresentatives—aie anxious to be free by riday, November 30, they will doubtless eartily co-operate so as to make this posible. With the passing of the Appropriaion Bill removes all doubt about the proogation. Mr. Wood was early - in evidence with a equest that a select committee should be appointed to enquire into the question of ublic tenders, and his introduction of the scal question to his speech brought M..- rainger to his feet, and the member fo allaroo delivered a homily on the bensits of protection. Whi st he was speaking r. wood got in a neat retort by asking ir. Grainger if protection was the plank of he new federal "liberal" party, of which r. Grainger is supposed to be hon. secrearj-. Mr. Foster, on behalf of the Govern ent, . ... opposed the request , for a select comittee, and was replvin" to some assertions ade against the supply and tender boa id hen was interrupted by orders of the ^ * ave an opportunity for Mr Car ? nter to move the second reading of the team Boilers Bill, and after some discus- ,^ CI nn fltic anniial" frnt ee. and good progress was made before th-: inner hour. The discussion was then errupted. Mr. Copley resumed the discussion on he finances begun by Mr. Solomon the revious evening, and made running coment? on His Excellency's minute, which he enerally agreed with. Mr. Catt congratuated Mr. Solomon on his able speech, and aid the country was greatly indebted t» he deader of the opposition for having rought the subject forward. Mr. Catt" owever, having b«sa relieved by the Trea. s ?, re r' s r e P lv had no criticism to offer Th-. Chairman of Committees wanted to "get a r about another little matter, but few to words the amusement in of the House the Speaker was inexorable. ]t was against thj standing orders, and "Mr. Catt knew the standing orders."' (Hear, hear, and laughj ter.) Mr. Kounsevell touched deeper depths, and went into the matter fully, strongiy biaming the Treasurer and the Under trea- mJnv many errors had illT^ilT^i^^f/'fA been committed in H that w department that the """" colleague of " Mr. Holder ' thought it "high time to make radical c-hanees there." Mr. Playford quoted a political axiom of Lord Kandoiph Ohurchill's, that it was the duty of the opposition to "oppose" ""right or wrong." He felt members of the opposition had exaggerated the position. J w-hy revive the "isrookman surplus?", • (Mr. Solomon—Nasty old ghost, isn't it?) I . V. —.. . i... .11 . i r....—j. 11 1 . 1 d0 11 a = ai , n:J .. £ J t a £ fo^ P'^d the part ol tne "gentle ' ?. tbel "-. ., He did f . , not even r.„. strode j- Mr. ^jlj, Ho - : der with a feather: l.-iiiiered f, him with " ,1/iu JXLI. WU1UIUUU nut RTILLLTFORGIVENESS 111 i this world or the nest? (Mr. Solomon—. Oh, that would be prettv from a pmpit.) j Mr. Playford thought it good "whether from the t puipit J or tOe o gutter." Until ne has seen tue Lieutenant-Governor's s minute ' —Which thp Trpasurpr vrill l IV the f iliio ijavlulu r J-je^urcr „.„„„ ,, will lcllalcll lay on tu tiie cil, leK1 table -Mr. an opinion Playford on Lord is not Tennyson's prepared to memoran- express. dum. If His Exeellencv requires to have ! only — true • statements put " before him in •Executive Council, Air. Playford said Lord Tennyson is right. But it it is that the Governor refuses to act on -the advice of the Ministry—seeks to "share their responsibility," as Air. Mr. Holder puts- it—then ? i.—lutuuiciii™- the mem- tjy ber for Gumeracha considers him decidedly ; wrollfc an(j some members cheered I ^ r , „ | Mr. Giynn reminded Mr.. Playford of a "w little ' adjustments which took place wben when that »n»nih member 0r ™ was Treasurer. I M Mr. - remembered too much—"little efiorts to get in all the rents in 1888 reeumed lands in the last day of the financial year and letting his successor wliistle. (Laughter.) The member for North Adelaide thought it the duty of a Treasurer to personally supervise the accounts of his department. He did not think Mr. Holder had made an adequate repiy, and was dejesty, as he was rejponsiole to tue Imperial he had to answer to the home authorities for it ilr. Glynn was cheered for his valuable contribution to the discussion, which fizzled out when he sat down. ilr. GraingeF succeeded in recommitting j the . iine M_ "destitute asyxum" — - in . the esti- A here was more .in this than met e - ve at the moment, and a pretty ff^™"'^ raised - - Li 'e member for Wal- . so J ue remarks to make concernbut ^ it remained Lindsay. for Other ilr. Price members to drop spoke. k XT? match into , j the gunpowder. gunpowder. Wis remarks remarks ^b? ut * lad ;V ca " s ? d Grainger to try ?f" 1 wither Mr. Price with a contemptuous .- t J e . members for Wallaroo and indulged in a spirited duet, coming j ^ f U P «-? th .e standing orders m their 0 e i )lth f, t ' s hne \- ^^ estimates flatly passed were without all over. alterations, The House and then the went into committee of ways and means, and within two minutes the Appropriation Bill was introduced and read a first time. On the motion to suspend the standing orders to allow the Bill to pass, Mr.- Sol? mon protested against the "indecent haste" to close the session before business had been completed. (Premier—You're always barking. Why don't you bite?) Mr. Solomon—I will bite soon enough. Mr. Holder — Hear, hear. Come on. Mr. Solomon— Probably yu'LL get it before 24 hours are oyer your head—and members looked up with interest. The. leader of the opposition a forlorn hope, and after speeches from Messrs. Kounsevell and Copley the standl n K orders were suspended, the Bill read a second time, and taken through committee and passed. The Iron Knob Railway Bill was received from the Council, and the second reading FIXED for next day, after a" protest from Mr. Poynton and others and a division. During the small hours of the morning the Fertilizens Bill wias further discussed, read a second time, and carried through committee with little or no alteration. It wa S expected that the HOUSE would rise when this had been accomplished, but the Steam Boilers BIILL was revived, and against one or two protests was taken through committee and reported. Meraoeis had steam up by this time, and the Patawaionga Bridge Bill was read a second time and passed through committee, with an amendment in clause 5 to meet an objection by the beneficiaries regarding the maximum cost of the wort. The Compulsory Vaccination Bill was taken through committee. An amendment was inserted at the instance of Mr. Carpenter, after alteration by Mr. GJynn, making it necessary for parents to go to a little trouble in recording their conscientious objections. HE House sat on until 2.30 a.m., making short work of some Bills and adjourning others. The net result was a fair clearance of the notice paper. 