MEN WHO NEVER SLEEP OR SPEAK. .' O The most extraordinary instance of a man who could not sleep comes from Wisconsin. Mr. EJAward Bain, a man 1 who- counted his wealth by TT-»n»'t»«j and who died recently in the prime of life, never undressed and went to bed as the average person does for 16 years, and CBis- won mm uce uus *n me juan wo Never Sept.' As a young man he was in such a hurry to make a fortune that he worked 20 hoars a day, and, devoted the remaining four in taking short snatches of rest ia aa urn-chair in bis Office. He kept this np for so long that finally time jbegan to tell its tale, and Mr. Bain's wife and friends persuaded nim to take it easy, and employ others to do the work he had hitherto so persistently performed himself. After much per suasion he did as suggested, and retired from the business altogether. His men tal machinery, which, bad ceaselessly re volved for 30 years,' refused to stop, and he could not sleep. He took to farming, and worked la boriously from early morn to sunset, but to no avail ; and he soon found that he feared to fail asleep. Doctors were consulted, and ihey unanimously agreed that motion would soothe his brain, and advised bin* to drive through the coun try day sad night. For three years he drove ferrioosly about the streets of Kenosha, but it failed to soothe his poor, weary brain. Soon the malady in creased, and he crept about a thin, pale ghost of his former self. Thereafter, night after night, the man -who never-slept took to riding- all night in a special railway train. For 16 years the unhappy millionaire passed a weary existence, in w&ieh; outraged Na ture refused to grant him a taste of oblivion. One night his wife found him dead in bis otair Sleep had come at lapt. A man living in London has not been to bed for 12 years. This poor fellow, a hardware merchant in a large way of bastness, having made up his T»i»»fl to succeed in life when a young man, gave up all society and companionship and devoted himself to his self-imposed task. In ten years he became the owner of ene of the largest manufactories in the kingdom. He work'ed wKen other people slept, and the strain of years of such concen tration soon told upon ham. At last sleep became a terror to him, and he believed that if he were to allow the arms of Morpheus to encircle him he would die in consequence. That any human being should be so wanting in sense as to record a tow to remain dumb for any length of time seems almost inconceivable: yet many persons have been known to abstain from speech. Edward John Cunning ham, who was lately released from San Qoentia Gaol, San Francisco, kept a vow never to speak for an extraordinary long period. When Cunningham entered tfeegael nine years ago be took a solemn oath that no word would escape his lips during the period of his seclusion. A! vow. not to speak made by Frank Bowden, of Coventry, has been kept for over five years. This young man was in love with a girl, and one day he un consciously allowed' a sentence to drop from his lips that immediately caused offence, and the young lady thought it better that their acquaintance ^ibuld cease. The knowledge that his own foolish words had been the cause of his trouble so preyed upon his mind that be swore he would maintain absolute silence from that day. Bowden has stood by his oath, for five years, |notwitfrstanriing all kinds of in fluence brought to bear upon him to speak. Whenever xb becomes necessary for him1 to oomanmicate- bis seeds or wants fco others he does so in writing or by tnoJAonB, and he has also declared in writing that no word will escape his lips mitfl the young lady will forgive him and renew their friendship.— 'Tit-Bits.' 