THE LORDS OF THE SOIL . B* Thb Flaneur. ; ? . T ; .' ; '}'t .-'.'? ??-'?'?' I ? -. ' Can 6uch things be, and overcome us like ' a ? eummet'8 cloud, without our special -wonder ? ' So asked the quaking Macbeth when the Ghost of 'Banquo'/ having secured a blue-and-a-white, or ?sedhtz-powder ticket, by some underhand means, stalked into the Scottish Government House and i, burst up the party in a most rude and uncere 'monious manner. There are times when even the people of this enlightened know-all age may justly use a similar exclamation, and the cause of their dismay is the work of apparently the poorest, meanest, and generally-despised per sons on the face ot the eaxtn. it seems nonsense 10 say that the days of miracles have passed away, for it would be hard to find in profane ancient hie tory any deeds more wonderful than those I have previously related in connection with the seers of India and a few other lands, and am now -about to back up by equally startling revelations. In a previous article, however, I put forward facts which seemed to prove that the marvellous power possessed by those men are of a purely physical nature, and are mainly the results of long years of prayer, fasting, and a particular form of study and bodily exercise. o o o There may be another explanation, of course, but if there is I cannot find it ; and so I will content myself by stating a few facts which are the outcome of the present war. Prom the very Btart of the struggle we have been repeatedly furnished with most important news said to have been ?' received from native sources,' and in every instance that news has proved to be wonderfully correct. The London Daily News is now puzzling over what the Freeman explained last year, and with hair on end ?with amazement the News tells us that the first report of Baden-Powell's powerful sortie from Mafeking came through in this way. It was abso lutely accurate, and reached De Aar the second day after it had; happened. It is perfectly well known that in the former Boer war our reverse at Majuba spread Inorth and east through Zululand and the Transvaal with almost incredible rapidity, , and caused unrest all through the tribes. ^??''t=='/ o o o The London journal has furthermore discovered what the Fkbkman printed long ago, viz., that it is not only the natives of South Africa who send and receive news in this rap:d and mysterious fashion, but the same thing is done by black, red, and brown .men the whole world over. In India the rapidity with which news travels amongst natives is not merely mvsteriom. it is miraculous. In the first Sikh cimpaign intelligence of the battles was received in Delhi twelve hours and in Calcutta 48 hours before the English authorities heard any news. In fact, except where wo have telegraphs working direct, the native alwtys has intimition before the European of any important news. ' o o o The Mad Mullah's early successes, before our ? troops were in; fore ; enough to cipa with him, travelled to the furthest end of India in three ' days'. Not only that, but the news passed out of India, across the wild mountains of Baloochistan, across Persia and Arabia, leaped the Rad Sea, and within twelve days was conveyed to the Mahdi's followers in the Soudan. Of this we hive proof positive. One of Kitchener's officers who did splendid work, as a spy in Arab costume heard the , ' matter discussed amongst the chiefs over their camp fire. They used it as an argument for crushing once and for all the hated Feringhis. Concerning the means of this mysterious tele graphy,- many suggestions have been made— that the news is shouted from hilltop to hilltop, that fire sig nals ars employed, that drum-beats are sounded from village to village. The latter is actually done along the Niger and other big Central African rivers. But these are but partial and unsatisfactory suggestions. o o o There is really only one bit of definite knowledge on the subject. That is the working of the system of native post of India.: It is called by the Brah mans, ' Dak,' and was established centuries ago by the Matajans, or native traders, for secret po'i tical and commercial news. At present its special use is chiefly . for heavy speculations in opium. It is conducted by runners, but when they change, or the routes they take, are quite unknown to Europeans. They utterly avoii the great trunk roads. 1 hey run at amazing speed, and are relieved at very frequent intervals, making considerably better time than the native postmen who serve the State. o o o But, at their very best, a pace, of 100 miles a day is the outside that could be looked for, and this is nothing to the speed with which messages have been proved to travel. The Daily News, and thou* sands of other alleged ' leaders of public opinion,' hold that whether Hindoos have attained to secrets of Nature of which we know nothing, and have per fected some system of mental telegraphy or thought transference, we Westerners will never probably know. But the readers of the Freeman do Jcnow. ag clearly as it is possible for any one at this distance from India to know, that certain Hindoo seers have perfected the wonderful science alluded to, and that it is in a lesser degree understood by a few other races. oo Some months ago the whole business was ex plained in these columns in full ; and it was then shown, beyond all reasonable doubt, that a sect of Hindoos, called the Yogis, could work what we term mental or brain telepathy in the highest degree. Thfe recent progress made in wireless tele graphy should prevent us from ridiculing any asser tion made by scientists until the matter in question has been put to a fair and impartial test. Scientist Kuowle8 holds that just as electrical waves are pro pelled through the ether when produced in an ex ceptionally intensified form, to be caught and re corded by a Bupersensitive receiver, so, he fancies, thoughts generated by the mechanism of one brain may traverse space and imprint themselves upon other minds without being conveyed by the recog nized channels of sensation. o o.o Grant this, and all the marvels claimed by the telepathist, the mind-reader, and the hypnotist be come easy of aqceptance. The brain, argues Mr Knowles, is ?? perpetually, while in action,' decom] posing its own material -in this ' respect analogous to an electrical battery.' If this chemical change of substance is admitted, and if the existence is also admitted of a universally-diffused ether of incon ceivable tenuity, should it not follow, he asks, that 11 no brain action can take place without creating a wave of undulation' (whether electric or otherwise) in the ether? And may not this undulation be caught and used by the brain of another ? This is a wondrous subject, indeed, but we must not dwell too long upon it, and so next week will bring to view much lighter themes, : 