THE SKETCHES. JN EUCALYPTUS LAND-A KARRI IDYLL. I [BY KATHLEEN WATSON.] This is God's country, where the lights pre go clear and delicate and the clearings in the forest as little cups of sunshine open to a sky of peace and glory which may never quite be told. There is a science full of majesty around; not the silence of stag nation, but the silence of a wondrous growth, the peace of a i work which never stops and never shows itself, and yet goes on from strength to strength alike in storm and shine, through patient years and cen turies of time, till a tiny sapling is a g:ant monarch-a King Karri of the forest with great arms stretching wide, his bright leaves strong with power to heal, his mas sive trunk all ripe to fall, and then to live again in the countless USES of polished bril liancy or simple honour or rough-hewn low liness which man's invention shall assign to him. Across countless spaces In Eucalyp tus Land the forests' stretch; they climb up hills and creep down to the margin of a broad and beauteous lake; they shadow for miles the little creek that in. winter gurgles in merry loneliness, along its sombre course and in summer murmurs so slack aud faiut a song; at one point far inland the breath comes straight and pure from the open bush, at another the ocean breezes fan those stately crowns; and eyes that have ached from the glitter of the watery wastes while running the easting down across many a thousand league of sea are well pleased as they rest on those tall green tops at last. We wno wander day by day within the shades of Eucalyptus Land sometimes we fall to -thinking of the strange dearth of his tory, legend, memories, traditions that the solemn forest aisles enfold. No buried cities; none of those ruins so far more beau tiful in their decay than the new cities of to- day in all their newness; no ghosts or tombs of a forgotten people; no retreat of hermit or miracle of saint; 110 hint of de parted glories, or never so faint a trace of roadway down which mailed armies and the gay proces sions of Church and State might once have wandered-nothing but t'he occasional track of an aboriginal, those desolate ones so low down in the scale of humankind that they have never known how to build, BOW, conquer, or make prosper in any way. At last to this chaos of growth, these fastnesses where the united ages of less than a dozen trees will span the history of re corded time since the world began, there came two men - brothers, with quiet, far seeing eyes, the instincts of born, the heads of trained financiers. Unsparing ever of rest or comfort for themselves, plain fare and hard plodding their daily portion, into the remotest parts of Eucalyptus Land they penetrated - these men whose names are household words in lands across the seas - leaving nothing unnoted, unappre ciated, or unjudged'. Many patient plans must doubtlessly have been seething in their brains as they remembered above all that to bring a thing from wiiere it abounds to where it is rare and costly betokens the craft of the wise worker. It is said that nobody should he rich but he who under stands it, and Eucalyptus Land was bles sed exceedingly in these two men who came to its far-stretching depths, and with a bright wisdom of selection marked' out libe ral borders round the virginal forests, in the midst of the tangled wilderness setting the first stone of what is now a fair bush .township; at the same time, with that up erring instinctive knowledge of other men whic.h leads continually to success, choos ing for their leading workers men of steely muscle, white reputation, tireless energy, able at any time to give,the best- account of themselves-the fruits of whose faithful and devoted service all who run to-day in Eucalyptus Land may read as from an open book. For they arc the rich men in whom 1 lie people are rich. Labour, peace, and sunshine breathe from the face of little Denmark City, where one watches it under many aspects from the verandahs of the Company's pleasant bungalow. It was in the starlight of a dark warm evening that we saw it first. The long log train came out at last from the miles of forest gloom, and stopped for a minute at the. bungalow before trundling on to the mills to end its . lay- A world of haunting fragrances and harmonious sounds it was to which we were go lmppily come-a world at. once new and old; for the stars burnt not as in the *kics of England, and the air was charged with a strange new fineness of perfume from aromatic trees and plants innumer able; but the sounds and signs of toil were old, the distant rhythmic swinging of the great saws struck like a once familiar air upon the car, very homely seemed the blaze from the huge open-air fires, not a hun dred yards away, which burn incessantly year in year out to consume the cast-olf pieces of timber from the mills-which, un til the true sense of it is explained to him, seems to the newcomer such shocking waste; the bright undying fires whose smoke, rising clear above the tallest tree tops, is oftentimes a landmark to way farers in the open beyond the bush; whose splendour of sparks and flames must make the dark nights in Denmark City so full of mystery and enchantment to the tiny sandgroper watching from his cottage door or his mother's knee. In Eucalyptus Land at evening time it often is as though high festival were being sung at Nature's altar to the pomp of music and incense lights; but when the morning sun is full and high upon the little township, and the white sandpatlis iare glittering sharply in its shine, the song is of work alone, peaceful, strong, and clean, under health conditions of space and atmosphere and freedom that in themselves are a triumphant solution of t'he difficulties of the labour question. The pungent perfume from the resin and the gum of the fallen trees is over all. Great heaps of scented. shavings shed a fine wood dust around. The saws and lathes are whirring in a white heat of ac tivity, and everywhere the human element, without haste yet wMiooit resit, is corre sponding. From the woodcutter who hews down the great tree an the far Denmark hills; the driver of the bullock team who (hauls it through the dense and difficult forest ways to the rail track; the men who cut it into lengths; those who load the huge logs on to the trucks; those who divide, weigh, and measure them oult. at the mills; and those at last who send the fine fawn timber to the port-every mail has his spe cial work, the best of tools and appliances to do it with, and the sunniest of cottages to call his home whew the day is done. What wander, then, that in this forest Ar cadia hearts are hrigh and faces glad; that on the men the haraih'ood of strong nature, on the wometi the blessed absence of ner vous strain, and on the baby ea.ndgropers the bloom of perfect health, are 'written. Here to a great extent they fight the ele ments with the elements. Against the frost of winter, tihe heat of summer, they build them cheerful homes of the woods of Euca lyptus Land that hem them in so closely. They set the wind 4o draw up the sweet water from their wells; they take the fer tile slime from the bed of the creek to make their gardens fruitful: tbiev know the vir tues of the plants, and the saluibiity of the wild air itself is thedr unfailing healer. Their wants axe lefss, their gains are more foifin in, 'the crowded communities of cities; or, if but littie It is tlhait some of them -may have, to those who have less they still have always to spare.' . In little Denmark City there are perhaps (three streets only-first, the street of three roomed cottages, and then the street of j four-roomed cottages, and then the grand street of five-rbomed cottages or "houses proper. Before eadh home is a little garden of glorious blooms and colours. Ini the rick subsoil that the white sand covers over the fairest fruits and 'flowers thrive grandly. The heart of the city would seem to be where the solitary store,, the property of the Company, is, and where, as in older settlements, you can buy anything, from a needle or an anchor, a wedding ring or a village ball gown, to the traditional pound j of soap or candles. Adjoining it is the post-office, and the postmaster is a veritable I Crichton amongst men;' for he will pull your tooth out, set a fractured limb, or dis- ] patch your missive to the other end of the worid; all with equal speed and skill. Late ly, indeed, it pleased him in addition to figure for a brief and brilliant space in the financial firmament as a Company promoter. For a sudden, wild report of alluvial gold finds rang down the upper shades of Euca lyptus Land, and the woodman's axe was'to ; be dropped for the miner's pick and shovel, claims /pegged out, and the slaughter of the trees stayed in the frantic search for those 6mall gold lumps that work such havoc in the hearts and ways of men. But ere long . it was ascertained that one who wished to do himself an exdellently good turn had been busy in the gentle art of "salting, after which the disgusted postmaster and his satellites retired to the wor.d of stern facts and fair profits once more; and peace and dignity came home again to the forest shades so strangely and so rudely stirred. To little Denmark City the "Army, with its drums and officers, has come, and Salvation Sarah takes the homely spoken woodcutter in hand and seasons his life and ways with the salt of Christianity; and then sometimes demurely takes a wedding ring from him later on, in full and happy payment of such services given. But even woodcutters, thev say, are getting very knowing how. They hearten to their l>\ea." tures as to their work, and take both alike gaily in Denmark City. Spirited dances, feasts, and "swarees" they hold in their hall; and as much care and thought are gi ven to the costumes, and as much heart burning when the local news- sheet fails to report on Mrs. A's ballgown being trimmed -with flounces of fine flannel, yet notes that Miss B's timid decolletage was rounded with a frill of cotton lace-and all because Miss B's father is a foreman and has a four roomed place-as might be the case in si milar circumstances among the haughty de nizens of Mayfair or Belgravia. On a fine ihorning of early winter a plea sant thing it is to settle yourself in the warm sunshine among the bags of chaff piled ui) an one of the trucks <M*d taken with the log train along the primitive track laid down through the heart of Eucal yptus Land. Ever grander and more solemn does the way become-the trees are larger, life grows stiller, the gloom more friendly, and the morning tranquil with the idle thoughts* of an idle soul. The little green parrots are flying against the silver bark of the doomed trees: the crimson bush flowers and the vivid golden banshee fruit are flaunting their glory across the scrub; tall blaekboys, with their spiky green hair radiating defiantly from their swarthy heads, swarm in the thick undergrowth; and presently down the slope of the hill to the creek comes the ring of the teamster s merry voice urging, eacli by a familiar name, his team of twelve or fourteen horses, and measuring with eyes alert and steady every turn or swell of the ground-the eyes and "the voice of a man who has slept well, and risen to his work at peace with all the world. The little train makes frequent stops to throw out bags of chaff where rotfgli hamlets and bullock pens cluster at inter vals along the iron track, and at one ot these pauses a sound of thunder rends the quiet bright air-the huge expiring groan of some falling monarch uprooting others in his downgoing, the tearing of a thousand liny fibres from each other, the crash 01 boughs and branches smiting wildly in their last agony, the death-knell of a life that has lived and grown and thriven grandly while in the restless world beyond dynasties were overthrown, rulers followed rulers, and new generations rose up lx<?ide whose puny mor tal lives that wondrous forest hie seemed immortal. And yet, for all we say and think, we know he i's not really dead-King Karri, lying at our feet. Will he live again, polished and highly wrought, in a casket or a cradle or a coffin for some great house? Will lie bear the masonry of heavy piers and docks against his stalwart flaw less trunk? Will swift trains rush Without fear along the tracks that his sleepers have made so sale and sound! Will lonely miles _ of telegraph posts stand strong and high to the change and wear of seasons? Or will the sails of many ships fly with his blocks across the seas, to pave for reasons sanitary and eco nomical the streets of half the cities of the world and the psalms of solitude be ex changed for the songs of the boulevards, the gaiety, the music, and the sobs of nations on liie brilliant thoroughfares of Paris, London, or Vienna? Thus, indeed, we think of them as living and not dead, and load them heavily, with romance and story in our mind-these chal dron of "the forest, all straight and kingly where tihey grow. Heavenwards they point with a grace that knows no fear. No storm has bent them, no hesitation marred their serene and upward course, no flaw of fibre or disease of vegetation made imperfect their perfection; and one could wish that virtue might go out of them for the order ing of the lives of iheiu Unsleeping ener gies and weariless brains have "floated" these silent children into a vast amd power ful Company, whose name is heard with attention in the coramurcial land, the mar vellous mechanism and organization of modern business linking the passive life of the forests as they stand with active possi bilities, strongholds of industry, security of wealth, which go all to make that name shine with 'no uncertain light on the peri lous financial shores. Touching enough it was a while ago to hear from cottage homes far up in the re mote bush sorrowful references to the man -the elder of those two wise and diligent brothers aforesaid-now lately, after years of slow end painful sickness, called to his long home far away from the scenes of his labours and his daring plans; the man through whose unresting and perhaps un conscious agency so many happy homes, and -as if by a pathetic contrast-so many va liant constitutions, have been built up in Eucalyptus Land. "Mighty bad was he, yet 'cos of him so many of us is well," says one tough wood land Veteran, remembering many a good deed done-deeds the outcome of that true economy which, unlike the false, can forget frugality and dare to be generous indeed in the right time and place. Somewhere there is a -word of an ancient Latin "-'city, over whose mighty portals the legend flourish ed: Peace to those who enter, Safety to thoee who dwell within, Blessings on those who fare forth'. And so of Eucalyptus Land we eay that with those who dwell therein it should in deed be well: and in days to come, with health and bravery, resourcefulness, and forest lore well equipped, its little children, then grown older, shall go out with joy to the gate of life's arena in near or distant ! places. 