THE CUP FINAL. I» the early part o£ last year I was up in Highborough, doing sonio Assize Court businoss for the Yard, and during my stay thcro I nut up with Johnson, tho Chief of the City Police, who used to bo with us. Happening to enter Lawrenco'a Tem perances hotol one day I was surprised to find in one of tho waitors tlioro a man who had rocoivod a lot of attention from us in London. Ho was ono of a betting clique, and had got mixed up in sovernl yory shady transactions, but so far had succeeded in keeping outsido tho meshes of tho law. For somo littlo wliilo wo hud lost sight of him, and I was considerably surprised to find him posing as waiter in a temperanoo hotol. H'm,' said I to mysolf, 'thero is mischief browing hero, I know. Rayndell (that is, tho waiter) has some deep plot on or. ho would not be hero, and I'll du my best to find it out.' I managed to loavo the place without his discovering my identity, and on getting back to the station made a few inquiries of Johnson about the waiter at Lawronco's. I'm sorry I can't tell you anything about him,' said Johnson, ' hut I'll find out a few particulars about him — his address and so forth — if you wish.' ' Thanks, I wish you would— as soon as convenient.' ' By-the-byo,' said Johnson, 'horo are some letters for you which eamo by tho midday post.' Amongst tho letters was a circular by book-post. Tho cnvelopo containing it was an ordinary largo business ono, oblong, with its ilup tucked iusido instead of being stuck down. To my surpriso, on pulling out tho flap I found a post-card had slipped inside, nml so escaped the vigilance of the postal officials. By an extraordinary coincidence, tho card was addressed to a man in High- borough, which was certainly remarkable considering tho stamp bad not been defaced, showing that tho card must have slipped into tho envelope beforo tho letters wero sorted in London— whero tho circular was posted. Tho address on it was 1 R- Henry, Esq., Beasonsfiold Terrace, West Bond, Highborough, and the back boro tho following undated, unaddrassod messago : ' Glad to hear all is serene. Shall eoiro up by tho 6.30 p.m. train from Euston on Thursday. Meet mo, without fail.— J.B.' I felt interested. Who was 'J.B.,' and what was it lie was so glad about J J.B. J.B. 1 Suroly I knew those initials. There was a Jamas Builey who was ono of tho betting Bet that Rayndel! was associated with in town— a bookmaker of the most razor-edged variety. _ But of course, hundreds of people's initials were ' J.B.,' yet tlioy wero not bookmakers or suspicious characters. Still, for curiosity's sake, I would moot tho 0.30 train— which arrived at Highborough at 11.20 — on Thursday night (tins was on iveauoaaay;, and see tho two persons thus so curiously brought under my notice. Hnving copied into my pocket-book tho addross and messago on the card, I slipped out with it to tho poat-oflice over tho way, anil linndcd it to one of tho clerks, with explanations as to how it camo into my possession. Oil returning to llio station I was greeted by Johnson with : 1 1 say old man I've found out about that man at Lawrence's. His name is Henry. ' Henry be hanged,' I returned. ' It's nothing of the sort, but Bayndell. Henry indeed I' ' 'Perhaps ho Imd urgont reasons for changing it,' suggested Johnson. ' Possibly,' I replied. Then suddenly remembering that tho post-card was ad dressed to ' R. Henry,' 1 said, ' but whero docs he livo 1' ' In lodgings, at 17, Bcacousfleld Tor- racn, West Road.' J gave a long whistlo of surprise. ' Why, what's up J Anything tho matter ?' queried niv friond. ' I fear there's a great deal tho matter,' waa my reply, and I told Johnson of Rayndell'a and Bailey's previous careers, and of the address and massage on the post-card I had received in ao strnngo a mnnnnr My business at the court allowing mo phmty of npnro time, 1 reconnoitred Beaconafivlil Tcirace, a row of sluibby- gcnteel, bay-windowed villas, with short gardens in front, situdied in a very quiet locality. v %' Rather nn expensive placo for a mora hotel waiter to lodge in,' thought I, for No. 17 louked really smart and nico. 'There's something deep behind all this, I feel certain. But how to discovor it 7 That's the tiling. All, I have it I' Going up. to No. 17 1 knoekod, and tho door was opened by what I judged to be tho landlady, a very respectablo-looking woman dressed in black. 'Does Mr. I-Ionry livo hero?' I in quired. ' He docs ; but ho is not in now.' ' Not in ? What a pity. But pcrhups you can toll mo whero I can find him, or at what timo ho will bo back ?' 1 Ho won't roturn till after olevon — bo never does, and I havon't tho faintest idea wherr you could find him ; ho goes out for tho wliolo day.' ' How vory unfortunate. Wo wore intimately acquainted in London, and I wanted to sec him most particularly. I can't vory well call again, as I'm leaving tho town. Would you iniiul taking mo to hia room, and letting mo writo a couple nf ISnM tn Itiin 1' 'Cortainly not — como this way,' alio replied, taking mo into the fiont room. 'What a jolly, comfortable littlo placo he has. tho lucky do",' I remarked,' look ing round oa tho landlady brought out tho necessary writing materials. ' That's what anothor gentleman friond of his, who camo to spend a cotiplo of days with him Inat week, said,' she re turned, with prido and pleasure. ' Ho is coining again late to-morrow night, to ntay till Sunday for tho great football match.' ' Tndeod,' I roplicd, and writing a few cominon-plaoo non- committal remarks of a touting nature, I sealod them in an envelope addressed to Henry,' and, thanking tho woman, gavo her tho on- volope to deliver, and then left the house, highly satisfiod with tho results of my achame for discovering the exact room occupied by ' Henry.' The noxfc evening, os soon as it was dark, I strollod out to tho deserted road where Beooonsfleld Torioco was situated, bearing with roe a boy's small football, while my upper lip boasted a dark, heavy moustnoho — an effectual disguise for me. Making euro that no ono was about, I cautiously entered tho garden of No. 17, and threw tho football through the gloss of the bay's side window. Into, tho room occupied by 'Henry' it went with a terrific crash, leaving a huge hole — or, at least, only a raggod edge of glass— in the window-fraino. I did not stop to soo any further result, but, regaining the road, sped along in tho shadows for all I was worth. Then, about half on hour later, returning to No. 17, I knocked, and tho same woman came to the door. 'Good ovoning,1 I began, in falsetto. ' When iny little boy returned home minus his football just now I discovered it had licen sent through your window. Pleaso accept iny siucerest apologios for wlmt you must know was purely an acci dent, nnd if you will tell mo what it will cost to remedy tho iliimugo and repay you for your trouble, I sliull bo only too pleased to reconipenso you now at once.1 Slio waa disposed to bo a bit nasty ovor it, but the prospect of pnyinonb molliflod her, nnd slio ropliod : ' Well, it will cost four shillings if a penny to linvo a new square of glass put in. What Mr, Henry nnd his friond will say I don't know, for thoy are going to sit up a bit to-night, and tho square can't bo replaced till to-morrow.' 'If I wero you I shouldn't say any thing to tliciu about it boing broken J thoy won't notico it. Hero is half a a sovereign to cover expenses j if that will satisfy you it will pleaso me. Perhaps you wiil kindly lot 1110 have my Ijoj'b football again. Thank you 1 Punctually at 11.20 tho London train stonmed into tho station, nnrl Bailey alighted. Rayndoll (alias ' Honry,' who hod been waiting for tho train) immedi ately joined him, and tho two set out for Bcacnnsfleld Terrace, wliilo I followed at a discreet distance, and watched them enter tho house. When I considered thoy hail settled down to their snioko and chat I again entered tho gat den, and stealing up through the darkness to tho window, stationed myself by tho pane I hod broken oil purpose to hear their con versation. Tho blinds were drawn down, so that I could not sco into tho room, hut I could hear tlio chink of gliisses as tlia two inon stirred their ' nightcaps ' and discussed the matter for which thoy had met. ' It will 1)0 a record gate,' Raynrlcll was saving, oviilontly referring to tho forth coming football inntcli. 1 And what arc tho present prices 1' in quired Bailey. ' Six to four on tlio homo team.' 'Are you sure — quite suro— that it will act nil right; nn possibility of a fluko I If it doesn't we aro dono, you know.' ' I am absolutely certain of it. Tho Swifts would simply romp in if it wasn't for tlio Wanderers' coal-keoper, Bryant. He's tho man that saves his team and prevents thoir over being licned.' ' But supposing ho doesn't ask for — ' Tho noise of a cart passing ;u"& then pre vented mo linsring tho conclusion of Bailor'" query, and when tho noise had died away Rayndell was saying : — ' For I got it to-day, and can easily slip it in without being seon 1' 'That'8 all right, then,' said Bailey. ' Wo'll take up all tho bots wo can at 4 to 6 against tho homo team, and aftor that rise to evens against them if necos- aury. But wo shall have to work it very carefully.' Then, after a few trivial remarks about the form of tho playors, thoy went off to bed and I returnod to Johnson's, decided ly upsot. Tho wholo affair waa a frost, for tho two, having become possessed of somo information relative to tlio match which thoy considered a ' dead cert,' wore simply going to risk all their money on it. My business in tho court was concludod on the Friday night, but I determined to stay till Saturday night, so as to witness the ovent of the football season — tlio Cup final. Each team was composed of rattling good playors, professionals, and each had amongst tliein a star of the first magni tude, who totally eclipsed all tlio others. Bryant, of tho I-Iighborough Wanderers — tho homo team — was considered by ex perts to lie tho finest goal-keeper in Englnnd, and that moans the world ; whito tho same distinction as a centre- forward applied to Harper, of tho New town Swifts. But brilliant as ho was, tho latter would not lie able to Hcora a single goal while Bryant was on guard ; that was tho genoral opiniuii. Tlio day of tho great match was cold, wot, and choerlcss, but in spite of that nearly tweiity thousand spectators passed the turnstiles to witness the gnmo be tween tho rival teams. A largo refresh ment tent imd boon erected in tho grounds, nnd it was well patronized beforo tho gnmo commenced. Owing to thoalipperi- ness of the turf, oxperts predicted that brilliant play would lio impossible, but in tlmt tlioy wero mistakon, as oxperts so often aro. Hnrpcr was quito up to his usual form, carrying tho war well into tho enemy's country, and only onco or twico wore tho Wanderers nblo to raise tho siego and mako a fcoblo raid into their opponent's torritory. With consumniato skill Harper tacked tho ball hero, there, and everywhere, laying traps for his opponents, and springing them at the critical momenta in a manner that brought down thundering ninudits from tho crowd and his enthu- siastic supporters. Timo after timo ho sent magnificently aimed shots from all sorts of uniikoly places, straight at tho enemy's ntronghoid 1 but never onco was tho foo caught napping. With arm, hand, licnd, body, or leg, Bryant always intercepted tho ball, and sent it flying back among tho playors. Try as thoy would tho Swifts could not break down imponotrablo defenco, and when at length tho whistlo sounded at half timo tho struggle for supremacy was no nearer a definito settlement, tho scores on tho board being 'a pair of spectacles' : 0 — 0. Following his invariable custom, Brynnt donned an overcoat, and— closoly followed by tlio other members of tlio teams— ran off to tho refreshment tent for liiH usual cup of Bovril and half-a- dozen biscuits. ' 'Poll my word, you'ro n fair knock out in a doublo sense,' said Harper to Bryant, sitting down boside him, for tho two were great friends. A follow hasn't the ghost of a olianco against Wliat'Jl I have, waiter ? Oh, coff— No, I won't though. Bloss mo if I don't try a cup of Bovril for a change. This beastly weather gives mo tho blues.' 'Sorry, sir; but Bovril is out. Mr., Bryant's was tlio last drop wo hod loft,!' said tho waiter, whom I recognised' as Rayndell. . ' Bring mo coffee, then, Baid Harper. 'Yob, sir, immediately, sir,' and tho waiter shuffled off, returning almost directly with tho steaming bovcrngo. ' Ugh I I don't tako to coffee kindly,' said Harper. ' Don't you 7 Baid Bryant.. 1 W ell, you may exchange it for my Bovril if you liko. I've not touched it yet, for I can't' take it too hot. Change 1' ' Suro you don't mind 1' ' Not in the least— for onco. Shouldn't liavo offorcd it you if I did.' 'Thanks. Then I will, just to seo what it's like,' and, pushing the coffoo over to Bryant, lie drew back tho eup of Bovril and slowly sipped it until nil was gono, and Bryant having finished tho coffeo in tho meantime, tho two frionds strolled out of the tent to rosumo tho game. After play had re-commenced tho tido turned, and tho Wanderers carrying the campaign into thoir rivals' ground with a vengeance, and Bryant won left alono and solitary between tho posts which ho lind no further occasion to guard that nftor- noon. All Harper's dash and brillianco seemed to have vanished, and to tho Wanderers' supportors he caused much amtiBAmAnf.. fitr nn hwn ni ilirflff nCTAfilOM when ho had tho ball woll placed for a good shot ho actually inisseil it entirely ontirely and fell flat on his back. This sudden and extraordinary lack of form in thoir leader utterly demoralized tho other memliars of tho Swifts' toaui, and tho Wanderers, pursuing their advantage, pushed well up to the enemy's capital, and finding it but ill-guarded entirely took it by storm, socuring goal after goal until tlio whistlo was (down n second timo. The Cup and Champion ship were Becurcd to tho homo team, the scores standing : Wanderers, 6 ; Swifts, . ' Funny that the Swifts' man should have lost form with such surprising sud denness 1' said Johnson to nie as wo strolled back to tlio refreshment tent j ' anyone wculd almost think ho hiul lieen drugged !' I started as if shot nt the last word. ' Drugged ! Drugged !' Fool that I was 1 Of course ho was dragged 1 Tlmt was what Rayndell meant when lio said, ' I can easily slip it in without Iwing soon.' I saw it all now. It was for the purpose of drugging Brynnt nnd so bringing off a big betting coup tlmt Rayndell had aorved as a waiter for Lawrence— tho man who always contracted for the refresh ments oil the football aud cricket grounds. It was a well- known fact that Bryant always hod a cup of Bovril at half-timo, mid Rayndell and Bailey determined to inn L n t.liia tnnwlndoft servo t.hiiir own ends. Seizing Johnson by tho arm, I hurried him into the tent, saying ' Quick, quick 1' and rapidly made by way to the lablo whero I had aeon Brynnt and Harper sitting. Yes, luckily tho Bovril cup was still there, untouched, with tho dregs of the fluid still at tho bottom. 'Johnson, you wore right,' I exclaimed, ' Harper was hocused by the waiter, who put somo drug into tho Bovril lie bad. This iH the cup ho drank from, anil thcuc aro the dregs. Take tliom to a doctor or chemist, quickly, and prove iny assertion, while I keep an eye on tlio men.' With out exciting suspicion Johnson stole off with the cup, and soon returnod with a chemist's vcruict that the drega loft in it ountained a large and stupefying percent age of a powerful drug. ' Show me the rascals,' excitedly cried Johnson. Wo had but littlo difficulty in finding them, for outsido the tent nt tlio bock, where Bniloy had beckoned him, Rayndell was being cursed nnrl bulliod hy Bailey with troniendous vigour. Of course the drug was intended for Bryant, but tho footballers exchanging their liovcragoa completely -upset all calcula tions, nnd instead of finding themselves wealthy the rogues wore penniless. Before tho trial they made full con fession, and tho judge rewarded them with a good Hpoll of imprisonment. Upon tho fneta being mnde publio tho Wan dorora renounced thoir claim to tho Cup and Chnmpionahip, hut tho 'final finnl? still resulted in a victory far tho homo team by 2 goals to 0. 