M SM M1IMB. (By 'Tttwtog.') [?] OT only does our friend, a r shine «s a~pirate/ but lie §gk g is probably the most gif K&§ tad burglar and genera} |ml laroenist in the world, it I -^§ ig doubtful whether the gV 'B professional criminal of \ the Occident could give ^-A .{him any points In the art \ of 'conveying' the goods \ of others. All Sin has perfected great natural Xifts In' tills direction, by uncounted years of practice, and the profession of robbery Is .here ditary. True, until the advent of the outer barbarian, there were some forms of thieving, such as fraudulent bankruptcy, unknown to tine flowery-lander, but the philosophical Confucian, or reflective follower of Sakyamunl, when ones he. had the Idea of bankruptcy as a profession, I easily Improved upon the crude methods of the West Given sufficient time, there is nothing too hot or heavy for the patient and industrious Ah Sin to steal. On one occasion, as ell the British Royal Navy know by tradition— though the story has been scouted by inexperienced landsmen— be stole the best tower anchor cf a British fri gate anchored at Whampoa, near Canton. Stole it In the night; took it from the cathead, with 25 fathoms of chain cable and a beautiful new swivel, and the. anchor watch never heard- it go. At a later date the northern professors, envious, perhaps, of the feat of their Kwangtung congen ers, walked off with an immense new shlpte boi . iler, ^landed -fin ^tfc* bund, -at Shanghai. !. They took it between 11 p.m. and .midnight, because a policeman swore he saw it safe at 11.15, and it was gone at 12 — and there were no female coo-Its ta Shanghai those days. CUTTING COPPER. In the old wooden ship epoch, before the in vention of patent composition sheathing, ships' bottoms were covered with real copper, and Ah Bin knew the fact, and clearly realised the value i of the metal. Waiting, though not always, for j moonless nights, and until the marked ship, hav ling discharged cargo, was flying light, the lngeni- ! ous creature embarked aboard his long and nar- | sow-gutted canoe, which he paddled at great ' speed with his feet, and which flitted, ghost-like, i and almost unperoeivable, with the swift tide, and won a position under the bows or quarter, or wherever the bulging sides of the ship shielded him from the observation of the anchor watch on deck, and stripped the metal at his leisure, Some ships would haocr lanterns over the, «m« on* O»e latter generally 'got there' Just the same. A PAINFUL. EXPERIENCE. A young American of my acquaintance had an experience at once painful and peculiar at Hong kong some years ago. He was staying at one of the leading hotels, had gone to bed, and, lulled -. by the gentle monotone of the Hongkong mos quito, was sound asleep, when a noise awakened aim. The moon shone Into his room, and he noticed the window was much wider open than lie- left It, also that an almost nude Chinaman was slowly and seriously helping himself to the lodger's gold watch and chain and sundry Mexi can dollars left upon the toilet-table. Being a resourceful person, the American rose softly, proposing to seize the marauder, and to expostu late with him. Ah Sin was, however, carefully greased, and not holdable. Moreover, he began to explain— wjth a knife. So the American, not desiring to hold an unseemly altercation at that hour of the night, shot his visitor dead, and rung to -have the remains removed. The house hold turned out to see what was the matter^ and i the landlord of the hotel expressed considerable ! dissatisfaction because the burglar's blood had i stained the bedroom matting. There was some ; kind of inquiry, and the gentleman from Buffalo i found that, instead of being regarded as a hero, I the authorities, were disposed to overlook the I matter only on condition he paid the expenses of the burglar's funeral obsequies. The latter nad an extensive circle of friends, who gave him a very superior and expensive wake, which his executioner had to pay for. Further, he found the price of many yards of new bedroom matting In his hotel bill. Moreover, a number of Chinese i ladles, each claiming to be the sole relict of the i oeceae«d, -called, -aa4.flsn»nded that the Ameri can, who had destroyed their bread-winner should either marry or pension them. Which he OULdn't. Jttuw THEY STEAL BLANKETS. It. is somewhat remarkable, as showing how great minds jump at the same great idea, that the northern Chinamen have a mode of stealing Wankets, or other valuable bed furniture, iden tical with that employed by the Punjaubis in In «ia. Any common variety of sneak thief can of course, easily get away, with the blankets or eesai covering a sleeper, but to take the sheets or. blankets on which he reposes, and to take them without awakening the victim— that in deed, is high art, Tet, like all really gifted con ceptions, the modus operand! is simplicity it self. Suppose the sleeper is planted about the centre of his bed, the operator, on the right of the bed, inserting a feather or straw, tickles bis victim until the latter, in his steep, turns over nearly to, say, the left edge of the bed, to escape the annoyance. The thief then rolls the blan kets and sheets, on the right, nearly close up to the sleeper's body, and, getting on the other Bide, tickles until the somnolent person turns over close to the right roll. Then the robber carefully rolls up the left side of the clothes, which, it will be 'perceived, make a comparative ly small parcel, which the sleeper, being again tickled on the original Bide, will easily turn over. The blankets, or whatever they may be, are then free. The thing takes time, but Orien ral patience in wrongdoing is practically inex haustible. ROBBING A BANK. It is to the Chinese that western operators are beholden for the idea of robbing banks by tunnelling beneath them. Some Can tonese carried this theory into practice many years ago in Hongkong. They rented a shop on the opposite side of the street to .the bank, and came up eventually into the bank's cellar, with disastrous results to the coin therein. Another Chinese discovery is the value of pepper as an aid to robbery. The thief pre- j Bents himself before a native banker, whose operations are partly performed almost in the open street, produces a quantity of what looks like sycee silver, and demands gold in exchange. jWhen the banker lias emptied a considerable amount of gold on to the sloping board before him, at head of which he squats, the robber throws a handful of pepper into the financier's - eyes, and retires with as much gold as he can scoop. Chinese robbers, when dealing with Europeans, seldom use violence if cunning will Serve their turn, but they are generally armed, and are not by any means too particular. Years l. *£?- for Instance, an officer of one of Jardine and Mathieson's ships went for a walk up Vic toria Park— there is atramway now— and to the other side .of the island. Two burly Chinese attacked , him in a lonely place, took all his valuables, and hamstrung him to prevent him pursuing them. When burgling a foreigner's room at night, they frequently first throw in a small bomb, or species of stinkpot, which does not burn' or smother the sleeper, but serves to stu pify him/ ???-?'? ... THB. STINKPOT. As allusion has frequently been made in these papers to this engine of offence, 'and as many writers on China' appear to have very remark able views as to what the stinkpot really 1b, a ehbrt 'description maynot be liere «ut ©I place. {The pot, which might hold perhaps three pint of liquor, is composed of fragile red biscuit day; It Is filled with some composition of a similar na ture to Greek fire, and a concave cover, of simi lar material to the pot, is then fastened in by fihintinW: p In the concavity of the cover are placed three pieces of joss stick, of Irregular lengths,- tied ^together, the . six ends of -which sticks are lighted before the pot is vsed'-4hey are kept lighted when there is like Ifliood they may *e required. The whole Is en closed in a light drill bag, the month of which is drawn dose by- & string. The stinkpot men, H*hb generally, work from aloft, swing the bag by the string, and cleverly hurl it on an enemy's deck, whereon the pot smashes, and the lighted Joss sticks ignite the fluffing. The composition xons along the deck, and the fames burn and smother. In the old days, Europeans used the ' stinkpots against Buspicioua-looking vessels that came tod dose at sea; There Is another ar rangement known as a'ttre-bamboo'— a bamboo, some -ight f eet iong.-fllled with -&/ deadly «om fpsitlon^ Toil' light one end; there Is ?« 'harm-' ? lew splutter, lasting « Jew -seconds, then the 'bamboo * begins to vomit its -hellish contents, before which nothing can stand and live. A boat manned by Europeans was ones' taken J-y taperiaLtarayes in. one of the numerous creeks of the Tangtse K^ang. All the foreigners but one were murdered in their sleep— that ope. hid below; When the braves were celebrating their victory the surviving European, armed with a fire bamboo, jplayed on the picnic, and every brave went overboard. The European brought the boat into Shanghai' single- handed. . A HANKOW EXPERIENCE. An incident which occurred to the writer at Hankow illustrates the ingenuity of the Chinese thief. X had rented a largish hpug. in the heart of Hankow city, then, no doubt, erroneously said to contain a population of four millions. The hong, built in the form of a square, had a court yard, overhung on four sides by a balcony. I occupied a large bedroom ..upstairs, next to which was a bathroom, giving out on the balcony. The Chinese eompradore, shroff, and servants all lived downstairs, the rest of the rooms upstairs being used by me as offices, etc. SafeB were little known then. The whole of the money belong ing to the firm in which I was a partner was kept in a strong wooden box in my bedroom. As there were no windows looking on the street, and the doors below were securely barred every even* ing, it was difficult to see how burglars could effect entrance. Nevertheless, like most foreign ers in China, I slept with a couple of loaded re volvers under my pillow. China swarms with rats, though the natives, with no theories touch ing bubonic plague, eat them. Shortly after tak ing possession I was nightly much annoyed by rats in. the roof of the bathroom just outside my bedroom. On several occasions, when lumps of mortar or tile fell, I ran outside. But you get used to everything in time, and the rats soon disturbed me very little. They grew bolder, and one night I thought the entire roof was coming in. I ran out revolver in hand. Something slashed at and missed me. A second glance re vealed a half -naked Chinaman in full retreat. He rushed downstairs, knife in hand. . Bound and round the eourtyard he went, I trying, but failing, to pot him: At last some fool of a Chinaman opened a door, and the thief took a header through it, and as he went I imagine I placed a shot in a position likely to render sitting exercise unpleasant for that bur glar. Then we examined the roof. The fellow had taken some nights making a hole in it, and preparing me for his advent by enacting the rat comedy during the whole time. He evidently reckoned I would become too accustomed to the noise to awake. He probably knew the position of my cashbdx, through the friend who opened the door for him, but who professed utmost stu pidity when taxed with letting the thief es cape. CHINESE VIRTUES. It must be confessed that these papers have brought Ah Sin's vices rather than his virtues into prominence. Perhaps he exhibits the for mer more ostentatiously to foreigners, keeping the latter for home consumption. Virtues with out doubt he possesses — thrift, sobriety . (save when he happens to be an opium maniac), and industry of a sort — though hia love of hard work is considerably overpraised by those who have only known Ah Sin abnormally industrious in strange lands, in order that he may get out of them speedily as possible and cultivate laziness as a fine art in his own country. He always reverences old age, the worship of his ancestors being the chief portion of his religion, and he ia a kind father to his children, when he does not murder them, as he frequently does, shortly af ter their birth. Nor is Ah Sin by any means invariably a rogue when at home. He will, it is true, generally overreach the foreigner, if pos sible, but others besides Ah Sin are afflicted with similar idiosyncrasy. He has a profound veneration for education — as far at least as the arts of reading, writing, and arithmetic are con cerned. Literature, to the average Chinaman, means only the works of Confucius and commen taries thereon. In an earlier day, when foreign ers were considerably scarcer in the Flowery Land than now, few Chinamen cared to have business relations of any importance with totally uneducated foreieners. They would watch a foreign devil's performances with the pen ? and note his powers of calculation with much inter est, and many a European who was able to im press Ah Sin with his scholarship has found it pays. Whenever I was engaged in my cabin writing, I have observed that members of tho crew would GATHER OPEN- MOUTHED at the door, and watch every movement of the pen with delighted astonishment, Chinese writing being of slow and laborious nature compared to that of the European. Noting this admiration, I fear I have sometimes traded on it, especially ?when travelling inj&e; interior and encountering difficulty at some native customhouse -Imperial or Taiping) as when the officials proposed too closely to examine packages of merchandise, with the view of finding therein that smuggled opium, which was too frequently there. On such oc casions, after polite negotiation had failed, it was the correct thing to affect a lordly and bel licose air, and to threaten the officials with the might and majesty of Great Britain. If they remained ^obdurate, I would call for writing ma terials, and, in sight of all men, on the largest sheet of paper procurable, in an enormous hand, and at railway speed, dash off an order to the English Consul to send immediately a gunboat and a regiment or two to my assistance, the while my shroff, looking over my shoulder \ and knowing, though not able to read, the contents, would translate to the assembled crowd,, in low, awe-stricken tones, the purport of the missive. That device, if backed by an old naval uniform and a second-hand cocked hat (kept .for such emergencies) seldom failed. By these simple means I have been the humble instrument of running many a COFFIN-FULL OF SMUGGLED OPIUM in and out of Taiping territory, an exploit by no means too safe, for the penalty of introducing opium among the Taipings was, theoretically at least, death. The employment of coffins in these irregular transactions was prompted by recollection of the exaggerated reverence the Chinese pay to second-hand bones. It is an out rage, no matter by what lofty official committed, to open a coffin which contains the scattered re mains of a compatriot, and those in charge of a suspected coffin can demand a heavy bond from the suspicious official before he opens such coffin. Should he do so, and the contents prove to be deceased Chow, the relatlves^may ruin the opener. Few officials care to take chances. This explains the escape from the Boxers recently, in a coffin, of a French Bishop. (To be continued.) 