I THE CEERCHEFELLES. ? _-— o— — I CHAPTER IX. J,,,,,,,,,,,..!. ».»! 1'*,' ' J'PSir Lr»art had c»rt I ? ? _^*M-d'lf-llflI jV. - . ? 1 ? * ^.Ir ? n'.'jt i.too wed to lose; it ins com « — . |&WdIilt.Io;^weive»otin,eto I 'JStfSne .lout tl^ep-rt. of the I JtSe -efore they saw or beard any signs of I i tioin tl.ov wore lit* rally pursuing I I! £'nd aW. borne bv the breeze I ,; K ,vntor, cimo what sntinde«1 nncom I X il-o tl.p sirniun' of a fid.He. This R*ve I ^ii\nK.S-Bims. She redoubled her I SJrt, r.he Hfr-ins became plainer and I Siner, only suddenly th*y seemed to turn I IS And p-ceed from the field, to the ? ri,,|,t of them instead of on before. I Stole a mistake. Fm afraid, Enid; its I Tint cur pi!nplf\ after all.' . I Wl indec-1 b,.t it is ; T should know Dolly I' Hudson's wrape a mile off. Perhaps the I £nd lias veered immd, or-or-T have it now, I hot have a»n« up the backwater to the I cirretfsplBco, I suppose, to Mp, if that tub I sficksin themnd -it does sometimes. If only I allflie burtts have gone it couldn't be better— I m shall actually yet in firet.' I 'And be Trailing on Hie bank to receive I them ' That will be turning the rabies with a I Tm«eanrp. Hadn't you better let me take I the paddle now ? It is sickening having only I on', ;.nd yoiir arms must be ready to drop I ''They don't ache fo badly as you think ; I I am used to it, though certainly not often at I thi? pace. Rut I am not sroina; to give in with I victory almost within sight. If we succeed in I getting there first, 1 shall feel repaid for I everything.' . I She slackened a little whilst passing the I kctoa'er, bo as to glide by unnoticed. The I water before them w^s quite clear, all the I bouts that were left having gone up, as she I conjnetur-'d, to help a'ong ihe old tub. Then, I putting on a spurt, she kept it up until she I reached the landing-place in triumph. Once I on shore however, she sank exhausted on the I bank, whilst Lysart drew up the canoe without I summoninsr the men who were in waiting I ipor. Waitinc for her to rest, he sat down by I her side, hut both were silent ; for, now that I flie excitement was over, the remembrance of I what had passed became embarrassing— at I least, for Enid. She needed time to realise I lemew posi i n. I The boats still remained invisible, so pr«~ I eently they rose and walked slowly towards I the Iioiib'. As they entered the garden, Enid, I struck wit'i n sudden tboupht, cried abruptly— I 'You will Telieve me of your ring now, I will you not? It places me in a talso position ; I 'it tjvnhles me.' . I 'Yes— on the old terms; but cannot we tnake a frpsh c»nt'act, starting from to-night ? Look. Enid, you havn made your confession to mp; let, mn make mine to you. Years a-{0, Trlien 7 «?»-. about your age, I loved «ome ooe very dearly, and she loved me too in return : bu' I was pior then, with no prospects and little nmre income than my pay, ? so thej. toarr;ed tier to some one else, and, not long after, the died. I shall never forget her, aexer cease to reverence her memory ; an^, Until yon, as it were, brought her back to life for mp, T had never cared to look upon a toman's face. Now are we not qnite ? You bar your past ! I have mine.' ' \ ou have n- thing to regret, no'hing to be tshampd of !' ehe interrupted, in a low tone. t ''Neither have yon,' he returned stoutly. If. on the impulse of the moment, you acted perhapR, let us pay, a little rashly, you have nohlv ntoned for it. It is over ; think of it too more : We will both forgot it— the future only «vmcerns us now. I am not asking you to vennw your engagement— not yet, at least. 1 «'-ml,1 KiVrt yo-i time. I would not hurry yon m the slightest. I only want you to give toe a chance of winning that lov* I am so [ earnestly dpfiirnus of obtaining. Don't cast ™e MTciuite, take n:e on trial, give me your m'nti8hip to begin with— always remnmbering ™' yon are not bound in the least, and if. on ciosp- acquaintance, you feel that I never can W'-Te to you than a friend, I will accept yror 'Incision at once,, and rpmvn your true 2'* to tho end of my life. No-don't ?'? er me now ! You are won. out and „?', ♦ 'T , would uok be fflir' Take the J;.lt '° thl^ lt; over- nod, if you are willing to P»iit- my Wi,i, to-morrow, then wear the ring Si''?0? a8,a pl'dse of love' but of f'end- 2 . ''-i^'.P'1 ik on yourself this time, that Km, nf f°? ^ J^ tronhlf-- no boild« eimVl? » » v' ' ?nlencBhli: t0 U Pllt onor t»k'm-\A; w »i!l. Ray nothinR now -the ring will L « n-? 'ny ? a?8Ter t«»-°io'ow. Se«- A vice Wo '7 ' lookinR down uI-on Us fromi the w ' \i -!r lI'6R.By about -o«r b«-ne -»»t bo '' || --1 Mrs Grundy, after all.' '? «*- , ». ? ler »PPear*nc-» nntil just nS «f m^ Wa' ROinR into dinn-ir- Her m-m, i » W ;ltne^L° ^^'tV, and when CHAPTER XJ, All this time, rfarold— nnder M* Lynwood's directions — had been hard at work in London. With no great, amount of trouble the two had found out a great deal about the woman calling herself Mrs Philips, tracing her backward easily enough to her village hom«. There, as Peggy Owen, she had lived with her ?widowed grandmother, an old woman Ion? since dead. , 'fhey had proved, too, the truth pf Barston's ; statements concerning Hie establishment at Clapham. The peop'e who kept the house, old and respectable inhabitants, were living there still, and had a lively remembrance of their pretty young lodger. Thev learned also of her sudden illness soon after Barston's last , visit, brought- on, the doctor said, by some , kind of shock, and — most damning fact of all — of her absence on that fatal night, the date being proved bv the doctor's books. Though , still far from recovered, she persisted in going out— to pay a farewell visit, she said, to a friend who was leaving her for ever. Early the next morning she returned, worn out and exhausted, and looking just like a ghost, the landlady remarked, only to suffer a relapse and lie for weeks unconscious of anything that , was passing around her. 'But did yon make no attempt to com municate with her friends ?' Mr Lynwood asked. ' We did not know any of them, sir ; she never had any visitors except Mr. Baker, and he was not exactly a visitor ; for I saw him tonch his Jiat to her more than once. When she was getting better after her first attack, I said something about her husband staying away so long, and she told me that Mr Philips had gone abroad on business, and that she was going to join him directly she was well enough. Besides, the doctor said though she was very bad, she wasn't going to die, so ? ?' ' She had money V interrupted Mr Lyn wood, rather Bharply. 'Plenty of money ! I found more than three hundred pounds in ? bank note3 in a drawer. I was obliged to use eome ; but when she got up, I accounted to her for every penny,, and she was perfectly satisfied,' re* turned the woman altso sharply, not approving of Mr Lynwood's tone. ' Ob, I don't doiibt that for a moment ! *he would be very giateful. naturally, for your kindness. And, when she got better the second time, what became of her then ? I ii m bound to find her out if possible ; she is required to give evidence in a very important case. It is even possible she may save a man's life by appearing, I am sure you wilMielp me all you can.' 44 1 have very Httle more to say, sir, but I am willing enough. I have nothing to hide no more, I'm sure, hud Mrs Philips, though it was a lonely life she led, her husband away s-- much.aiways on the road — he was a traveller, -rb you know, sir— something in the wine way, I think, but I never knew exact ; . it was no business of mine, po long as thev paid regular and. lived respectable. Wh«n ehe .got a littlw better ihe doctor 6aid she must go away, and pho went to Hastings ; and a 'servant I had 'then stayed with her 'for nearly a fortnight until she was rible to be left by herself. She wah at Hastings for more than* month— six Keek? or thereabouts, *nd when she came back; she paid up all nbe owed, gnvo roe a handeoine present for the extr* trouble she'd been, And went Away with all her things one morning and went away in a cab ; Fve never set eyes upon her since. She told me she was going to some trien^s in the country to get quite strong before poing to join Mr. Philips ; but she never let fall a worn as to who they were or where they lived. But then she wss never one to talk at the beat of time, and after her illness she'd sit for hours without opening her mouth. I remember, though, she told the cabman to drive to Victoria Station, and that's ? all I do know.' ' And she left nothing behind — no boxes, no papers, no old lettprs, or anything of that sort?' ' She made a rare mess burning papers in the grate the day before she left ; and some old dress.es she gave the girl. And a few China ornaments, and such like, she had bought for her rooms, she told ine to keep ; but there was no box lef*, and I don't believe a scrap of paper, unless new.cpapprs — she took in a lot of those after she was ill, very often two or three a day.' '?She didn't label her luggage with her name or where she was going ?' ' Nothing but ' Mrs Philips.' She said she was going to leave most at the cloak room, she wouldn't want any but one dewu in the country. Then* were four in al\ three little ones and one big one ; and the cabman grumbled a little till she said she'd pay him extra ; and if yon wis to give me a huudied pounds, I couldn't tell you anv more !' But Peggy Owen never went to her friends in the country — at least she never went to her native place— and, from the time of leaving her lodgings at Clapham, all trace of her seemed hopelessly lost. 4- For so young a girl as they nutke her out to be, our friend is. remarkably clever,' said Mr Lynwood later, when their searches had come to an end, ' She was hanging about the house that night. That is certain. Mr. Denvil swears ho was not mistaken. Most likely Powie let her in himself to avoid scandal ; there was a row and she caught up the first thing handy. . If it bad happened last week, we would have be*n on to her soon enough ; but after all theBO years — ' and he shook his head. '? You think it hopeless, thon ?' said Harold. ' Oh, no— not hopeless ! Not vet, at least ; there is always the chance of something turn ing up. I've seen my way through cases that looked every bit as dark as this. That woman at Clapham' now — she will think about nothing else for a time, and in a dnyfor two I'll go and see her again ; she may have remembered something more by then. The slightest thing often gives a clue. Then there is the cabman ; ho may turn uo — it does not follow he is non ett becau«e we cannot find him at once. As she would not address her luggage, I don't suppose she went to Victoria at all, and the fact of being told to go and the direction being altered, would help to fix it on his mind, and he would probably be able to remember where she did go.' ?? Why net advertise for him !' , ** Worst thing in the world, except as a last resource. If the fair Peggy u still in England, in all probability you Save put her on the alert already : but we ueednot show too much of out -Iifc; a— W* don't want her to know that we are looking her iip*« well be Alfred Bak«f. If you have nothing particular to do just how, thw* would be no hum in running down again toPehwftih for ? day; or «o. -DonV Wbu^lemiiohftboutTPeggy thti tUrie j but find out any of her particular friends that had rela tives over the wate-- seven or eight years or so ago ; if she left the country at all she would, make for some place shu'd heard of. Then again, it is -|irit,o on the cards that- sho mi^hb h«ve pickpd up acquaintances at Hastings and started a new life in :iew circumstances. It's pla^n enough she took good c-ire to cut off all connection with the old. She was a clever woman— young, good-looking, with a supply of ready money— so ic would not have been, very difficult. She may even have got mar ried, a-ud be living somewhere, a respectable mother of a family. I have not done wtfih. Hastings yet, either. L shall go there on«© again before finally turning it up altogether.'* * * * * By her second marriage La3y CberchefeBo would lose all interest in the Manor Housa. However, «s if to signalise her abdication, rwalb only did her ladyship keep the place go in »? ft© the !asf, but never had she been so attentive » hostess, so prodigal of smiles, so gracious &» all around. Never, in all the time sfrp Buai reigned there, had she taken so much troub?« to -win goM;.n opinions from every one. ?*&© s'-'emeci to leave universally regretted. Garden*, parties, water parties, dinner paities, open-ague theatricals had followed one anolher iii qniefc succession, and the festivities were now abo-ttfc to be brought to a close by a grand dinner party, which was to take place ouiy two days before the date fixed upon for going up fi« * town for the redding. Afternoon tea took plac? in the garden tftaft day. Even one was ouf of doois, s me afc tennis, a few htrolling abou% but the larger number were bus ly - ngaged in some mysteri ous pprforinance on the great lawn with paste and lings and different colored balls, some new game invented by one of the men, a sort «ff combination of croquet and tennis, whidfe seemed to cost considerable trouble to master. There were two postal deliveries at thj* Manor Hcuse, one in the morning and oass rather late in the afternoon ; and it was t!b» custom for the le^tPrs to be disttibuted as soooi as they arrived, every one who cared to do s» being at liberty to do su. The arrival of tfe« letters caused for a moment a lull in the pr*~ eeedings ; but not for long, the players being hurried back, each in tarn, by the ra'her es:» cited crigin»t6r of the novelty. Lady Cherehj©' felle was not1 playing. Pleading fatigue, she had heffs-ed to he excused, and so. seated in a. low lounging chair, she was able to read hseip letters at her leisure. Avice, who, standing* near, had lingered to read one particular letteir twice over, was soon hastily suniQir;ned to tafe her place, and hurried off, thrusting her letters in her pocket as she ran. One, however, feffl. to the. ground, and a sadden breeze ble;v its ; * almost to the feet of her ladyship, wti*» stooped to pick it up. She looked for % moment after the retreating form of the unr conseloas girl ; but Avice had gone to 3 far rq- be recalled without gretter effort than hgif ladyship was in the habit of using, and sha was about to throw it carelessly upon a tafx[« by her elbow, when, the Penwain postmarfe : caught her eye. Site started violently; looked! round to see that no one was near ; then, iiftep just the slightest hesitation, deliberately toojfe the letter out of the envelope -ind read it frooat beginning to emi, her face growing gradually ashen gray even to the lips. * 