Tbe Yeilov Domino By M. Mourns. CHAPTER XI. — (OoNixtroKD.) Three months pasted away before Sir HaE tings and Lady Warminster took possession of their new home. ' Welcome, dearest wife, to my home,' he j said, grasping her hand and putting his lips to her brow. She did not shrink away, nor try to free his hand, and he felt his heart beating with aolfntinn nf hnna ' Hnntinon ' cpM downoast eyoB, ' we— we most try and get ou a little better, and be happy together. Perhaps we oan — now.' * Oh, Geratdine, if yon only knew what suoh words are to me 1' he said, a deep flush ooming on his dark oheek, his eyes glowing down upon her. She looked np, almost startled by the emotion on his faoe. ' I will do my best, Hastings ; I have made up my mind to — do it*' She waB just ailing enough and weak ' enough not to be averse for others to -choose for her ; but to him her answer and her tone: sounded as if she considered one plaoe was - as good as another, as it was not likely that 1 she wonld feel happy anywhere; and it oaused him the first keen disappointment that he had felt since thoy had taken np their abode at ' The Court.' However, ho would not allow himself to be down-hearted about this and feeling really hopefnl that the change would be benefioial to her, he began to make all the necessary arrange ments at once, with evident pleasure and energy. Nothing could be more innooont, and nothing, as it proved, oonld have been more unfortunate. She observed his anxiety, to take her away, his interest in all the' details, and it amused her and pleased her tben. On the journey to Tenby she was rather qniet and nilent, but it was only beoause she was thoughtful and rather seli-reproaohful. As she watched him that day as they travelled, her mood was tenderer towards him than it had been sinoe their rupture.' After all, ehe was thinking how good he' was, bow kind and thoughtful, how per-, severing ic his attentions, and how patient with all htc dieagreeable moods and tempers.' Many another man would have tired of it' all long before, ile would have ceased1 trying to please her, trying to persuade heri tbat he loved her; perhaps would have grown cold and angry. Her eyes were olosed as she sat in hei oorner, bat he saw that she was not sleeping, and he wondered what her thoughts oould! be to make her faoe look so sweet. ' Here we are, darling,' ho said, breaking in upon them suddenly, aud in a moment or - two the train stopped. He got out first, helped he?, and then she stood alone for an instant while he went - back into the compartment for her ahawl and rug. It was dusk, somebody passed by her rather too oloaely, touohed her, begged' her pardon, and passed on without observing' who she was. At the sound of the voioe Geraldine's heart stopped beating. That sentence, hurriedly though politely said, was) uttered by llrs Moseley and no other. She 1 felt her faoe flaine with indignation just aa her husband joined her. Was this why he' chose Tenby of all other plaoes F This why. he had been so eager and so interested f! Oould he have known that the Moseleysj would bs there that autumn f If so, the' thought to herself, paling as muoh as she had previously flushed, of what benefit! would this sea ohange be f The drive to the hotel was not a long one, but long enongh for her to resolve that her. tender thoughts had perhaps bean pre mature, and that she would wait and watoh ' a little before unburdening herself of those few words whioh she had foolishly thonght were alone needed to make 'permanent peaoe' between them. CHAPTER XII. Time dragged on but slowly at the sea side for Sir Hastings as well as for Lady: Warminster, and Sir Hastings was glad to get baok to Park Street. * * * One evening, when Sir Hastings War minster was sitting alone in his house, a telegram waB put into his hands. As a ride, ? suoh things did not render him the least' uneasy, but this one he took with a sudden fear at his heart. He tamed ptJe, his' fingers trembled, and he broke it open with hesitation. It came from Tenby, and the sender, to his surprise, was Stephen lloseley. The words were few, but more thim enoush to justify the fear and droad with whioh he had received it. Lady Warminster has met with an aooldent. If yon are in London, oome at once. j dMpiEBxm. i .Before dawn, 'Sir Hastings was by. Ha wife's bedside, but no reconciliation oonld | take place just then, for Geraldine was too ill to -heed even her beloved husband.' . The Rays had oome with him, - and from Stephen Mbsdey they heard an acoount of what had occurred1 It appeared the head-waiter at the hotel observed that, although there was a dense fog ooming up, Lady Warminster had not returned, and he communicated the faot to' ' the proprietor. Mr Moseley ohanoed to. hear this, and he joined the party who .went to seek her. In his heart he knew full well that Sir Hastings and Lady Warminster were in sad disunion, and that his wife, Viola, was in some way to blame for it. - He' said nothing of this then, but Hastings guessed by his manner that he had been glad' to do all . he oould as atonement for his wife's wrong-doing. They had found Geratdine lower down on the olifl than they had expected, insensible, and with a slight out on her temple. ' She must have attempted to reach the top, and in the darkness have hit herself against a jagged and projecting piece of atone, and this had oansed her to fall. But, with pro vidential meroy, her fall was broken, and instead of being precipitated into the eea, she fell into a hollow cave below her. Either then, or subsequently, she had fainted, and in .that oondition they found her. They took her baok to the hotel, bu£ feverish symptoms set in at once, and before that night was over her life was in danger. Airs Bay told her, word for word, as Sir Hastings had told it to her, the whole history of the Squire's mistake and all that it had entailed upon the young man. Gerald ine was so silent that Mrs Bay oould not tell how she had taken the revelation; ' Poor Bastings 1' she said pre sently, in a low voice, ' what a terrible position for him- It was good and generous of him not to tell me. Perhaps from him, and just at that moment, it would not have helped nis to be happier. Sear papa I what a painful mistake 1' Then Geraldine, as the whole episode oame vividly before her imagination, turned her head away, and over the emaciated oountenanoe from neck to brow a faint dull red arose and spread. She had betrayed her unsought love, then, to her dear father, and he had betrayed it to Hastings? She had been forced upon him, and in that moment of shame and pain she understood well why Hastings had not 'told her. He had been too manly and too ohivalrous, and of two evils had ohosen in preference to remain, to all appearances, blacker than he was. 'Dearest Geraldine,' said Mrs Bay, in alarm, ' Hastings was right, after all, and 1 ought not to have told you*' But that moment of agony was over, once and for all. She turned her head baok, and seemed oalm. 1 Stoop down and kiss me, Katie. On the contrary, thank you, dear, for telling me. I see that I should never, have heard it from him, but it will help ua now to start our life again hotter still than we should have done. As you said, that ghost is laid'for ever now.* 'She sleeps now, Hastings, so ? ' ' Ton have been there an immense time,' he said jealously. ' Tes ; but I don't think I have done her any harm. You shall see her very soon. I will go baok and watoh her, and tell yoa the instant she awakes,' she said, gladly' leaving, him, for she intended that from' Geraldine and not from her he should learn the subjeot of their conversation. ' Oh, thank you, Katie ; you are so good,' be said, brightening and seeing her to the door. Bye and bye, Katie Bay ,_ with quiet luinmii - trtipjrod 'urn or 'the sick room onoe more, tnis time to tell the impatient husband that he oould now go to the dearly- loved wife who had just been snatched from death. She £ound him in the passage, where, with agitated breath; he had been waiting for: half au hour. A sign was sufficient, and then the door oloeed with him and he fonnd: himBelf alone with Geraldine. She stretohed1 out her weak armB towards him, and he went to her and put them roand'hiui, aud he held her np against him. 'Oh, my darling 1' he said, ' thank: Heaven for this moment— for the boon of - your life and for the return of your love.* ' My love never went, Hastings ; it was always yours, dearest husband, though I. may not have shown it. X have been wrong, - unjust, hard. I don't deserve this; you had every right to be angry.' Then, with broken words, she told him: all the details of that last day, when he left her in anger ' Say it, Hastings ; let me hear yonr dear! lips tell me from your heart that you' can! forgive me. Oh, beloved husband! if you; cannot—' 'My darling, my own— you oonfuse me, pain me* It is not for me to fargive, it is ? ' ' It is,' ehe said, with pitiful eagerness.: 'The patt is dead, Hastings, forgotten, for given ; it jou wish to hear this from me,! but for my hardness, for— — ' * Beloved wife, oalm yourself and say no more. I forgive vou, though Heaven is my witness that I cay this to comfort you, and' that there is, and never has been, excepting: for that brief moment when I left you, any-; thing in my heart against you ; - on the Con- j trary, nothing but love and pity, and infinite yearning lot this blessed moment of! perfect understanding and unity.' Then he folded ?. her in , fiia - armB onoe again, and he felt no shame that a moisture': gathered in his eyeB and fell in one or two' drops on the sveet, tearful fauo upturned to his. ? ? ? Not that day, but a little later, Geraldinej told her husband of Katie Bay's revolutions! to her, and then, seeing something in hisi face, she stopped him from speaking. 'No, Hastings, not a word against her,; or to her. She meant well and she did well, ; .and in my heart is everlasting- gratitude to ' her. The story oame beat from her, dearest]; : in faot, you would never have told it to me,j probably being too generous and too eon- \ eiderate. Darling - papa, it is well that he | does not know what, in all innocence, his' mistake brought npon us both.' 'And yet, Geraldine 1 * he began,: searching her eyes. Aa their glances met, they knew then that) neither of them wonld have had the past; undone. Theirtlove, their happiness, their; perfect trust, jaore than compensated for ft! all. Not even to. have been.spared the mis-' understandings, the strife,'- -the misery of: those last few months would they have been without one another, would -jthey have^ -relinquished the unutterable joy of : the pre- ; sent, the peaceful security of the future. Tee End. The ' railways bring into London about 80.000,000 gallons ot milk per annum. It was three centuries ago in Florence that the first grand opera was produced. There are nearly 250,000 more men than^ women in Australia, and in Now Zealand^ aleo womeq are in a minority. . Broad-headed horses are the cleverest, j In the Household oava!ry . the horses withl broad foreheads learn tbeirdrill more quiokly than the others. Even the Japs appreciate' tbe valne of printer's ink. The Mikado's Government has appropriated £8,000 to be expended in; advertising1 in America the merits of Japanese tea. Glass bricks are being .made extensively abroad. They are blown with a hollow; centre containing rarefied air, and nra said ! to be as strong and durable as clay brioks, while freely admitting light. There are - said to be more windows in Franoa than in any other country. ; 