A PMT THAT FAILED. (By Ernest Favenc) v . , 'C^ TTTS! road was lonely, J**wIIm T^e d0R did not 6ll0w ml any sense of being itfbns used by the tired traveller, but ?approaching him, jumped up, placed Its fore paws on his foot, and gave at dismal bowl. Then it vanished; that was the uncomfortable thing about it. Roberts looked up and down the road, but the thing had gone. Never thelees, he could have sworn to seeing and hear ing It. Moreover, he had noticed the kind of dog it was — a mongrel fox terrier. Gradually the idea took shape in his mind that he had seen a ghost, and, being a superstitious man, he pur «aed the rest of his way to the township at the fastest pace that lie could induce hie horse to ittaveL ^ Arrived there, the first thing 'Tie sought, before taming hie horse into the yard with a heap of lucerne, which was all the stable accommodation ? tbe local inn could afford, was for Dutch courage in fighting rum. Then he told the story: ? 'Five miles from here,' repeated the land lord; 'and a fox terrier, too; why, that's where abouts Deaf Tim was found dead.' 'You don't say so,' said Roberts, 'but seeing ; as how I never saw Deaf Tira to my knowledge, nor so much as heard of him, why should the ghost of his dog appear to me?' This question the landlord did not attempt to answer; he only oPi&ed; that it meant some thing. Roberts turned his horse out and sat down .to a belated meal in a 'Very bad temper. It was all very well to say It meant something, but if tho supernatural appearance meant a death warning, what then? He had swallowed his tea when he heard the -landlord's voice relating the circumstance to another customer. 'Some has it in the shape of snakes, and -some in the shape of rats. Dick here is gone on dogs, saw the ghost of one coming along the road to-night. '-Heard him howl, too.' Dick Roberts arose In his wrath, and. went In to interview the' landlord. 'I'm. no more balmy than you; but I saw and heard that dog as plainly as I^an see you're ugly phiz right enotigh. Tnere.^How.' Having uttered which defiance, Dick demand .. fed a drink, 'and lit Trls pipe. ? The landlord apologised- :tn a blundering sort ot way, and the customer, evidently with an eye to the supernatural, asked Dick to have an other drink, and tell him the story. Others came in, and Dick told the story again, until at last he got so pot valiant that he offered to {Conduct a party back to the spot in search of ttie appearance. All agreed that it must have something to do with the death of Deaf Tim; . but none would go that night, though all ex pressed their willingness to go on the morrow, which notion was agreed to. The next morning the landlord took Dick aside, and talked to him confidentially. . 'I see a good stroke of business in this ghost , !of your'n if it's kept up properly,'' he said. In vain Dick repudiated the idea of its being a -ghost of his manufacture. Said the landlord, 'If it was a real ghost, it won't show up to a crowd, so I vote .we provide one to fill up the bill. Now, Tom, my man, can fake a horse with- anybody; so I suppose he can a dog, and I'll set him to work.' Dick argued and protested, but the landlord said that a ghost was just the thing to start a boom in the township, and at last convinced him to take a share in the proceedings. .The party was formed, and proceeded to the spot. Of course, they found nothing, bat determined to etay and watch through, the night. They were not disappointed. Tom got very drank, and fail ing other dogs, he rigged up the greatest scare crow in the town with whitewash and tar. as a fox terrier, and conveyed him to the scene, and let him loose on the watchers. The apparition was too much. They all took to their heels, or their horses' heels, the dog after them, wondering what it was all about. Tom, wctehtng the spec tacle from afar, saw a singular proceeding. The dog pursuing the flying citizens was pursued by another dog, which seized on him and made him yell for mercy. When Tom came up the dog dis appeared in the same mysterious manner as did the dog seen by Dick. Tom recovered the painted dog and conveyed him secretly into town, and con cealed him there. When he snowed up the com pany had drunk themselves into bravery again, and talked of going back — talked of it only, an other five miles was no joke. The landlord beamed — his plan had been most successful. But _ while in the midst of much talk and conversation .the painted dog, inspired by some unholy feeling, or urged on by the ghost dog that still pursued him, broke out from confinement and came plunging into the bar, uttering howls of terror. The com pany broke up 'irithout paying for the drinks, and the landlord's house got the name of being haunt^ ed. Everybody went over to the opposition house, and he was left with Tom and the painted dog on his hands, where they did not remain long, tor he summarily ejected the pair. It is reported that the dog still occasionally appears to benighted travellers, but no one has yet solved the mystery, of his appearance, and from 'the temper he dis played with his understudy ' nobody cares to try and find out. ENTRANCE TO FORT, BLOEMFONTEIN. 