WHITE'S SUSPICION. \--* &M; &• *f Maxell, 1802, a schooner, fradiiiS between New Guinea and Queensland pert*. anchored off Turtle l-Iead, not a great distance south of Capo York, the most northerly point of tlio Australian continent. Tho craft did not go within a mile of tho rugged coast line, l'or the wind blew freshly from the east, making the posi tion rather dangerous. Soon ft boat was lowered, and pre parations made to land a party, and one aridently not in search of water'or food. A large amount of stores and baggage were put into the boat, and then four men went over the side, where already the same number of sail ers were seated in the small craft. " Hope you’ll strike it rich, Wilson,” observed the skipper, as he leaned over the bulwark. “ We ought to if all Jaynes says is true, captain*” '■ The blacks are treacherous devils hereabouts, aud would like nothing,bet ter than to make a meal of the lot Be careful, boys, and keep your weather *t« open. I’ll not ho up here again for a month, hut with what you can get ashore you ought to have plenty of gnib. Pull away there, lads, for the wind is strengthening,” he concluded. As Captain Evans spoke, the boat was shoved off, and good wishes were shout ed to tho departing men by those on bo&rifc; The four who were leaving the schoo ner were New Guinea prospectors, who toad left that malarial island disap pointed with their lack of luck.' . Their names we£e Joseph Wilson, Edward' White, anctSAlfred Youhg. •CheWMao met at Woodlark Island, and became mates. Jaynes used to often speak in a mys terious way of rumors which had reach ed him regarding rich mineral deposits on the Queensland coast near Turtle Head. Evidently he believed the state ment, and soon impressed his comrades with tha same idea. At length the four men determined to seek the new El Dorado. Jutting out on a mud flat grew h dense belt of mangrove, which the boat had difficulty' in penetrating, until, after coasting a short distance, the pullers found a broad creek, which they en tered. | This gave them a passage, but the umbrageous overgrowth .threw a ghost- j Iy gloom around. The malaria of tro pical fover and ague, fostered by the. sweltering sun, which flamed fiercely in the zenith, could almost be distin guished iu the vapors which rose from the putrid mud. “This isu’t a healthy' spot to be iu,” remarked one of the sailors. “ But we’re not going to look for gold about here. Back iu tho ranges it is healthy enough,” responded Jaynes. “ Don’t forget us, mates, if you make a rise,” added another seaman with a laugh. “ If we drop on a field there’ll he room enough for all,” replied Jaynes. "Only we’ll have first cut,” added Wilson. By this time the boat had got through ih* forbidding jungle and reached a •point in the creek where beautiful tro ipleal vegetation clothed the ranges wkiek rose on either side. “ Wo must drop you here, mates, or the skipper will he leaving without us. Pull in, lads,” spoke one of the sailors. Turning to a shelving part of ,the bank the work of unloading was quickly car tied out, and within ten minutes the party and their stores were landed. With cordial handshakes the boat’s crow took their leave, and soon disap peared In a turn of the stream. Meanwhile Wilson had climbed a slope and selected a site for camp, admirably Situated for defence against hostile blacks, though the men had little fear of them. It was sunset before the camp pre parations wAro complete, the stores carefully packed away, and then all the party wore ready for sleep. The pre caution. was taken, however, to keep watch during the hours of darkness. Od- the following day arrangements were made to carry out prospecting iu the country to .the west. Jaynes pos sessed a rough kind of map, or rather crude drawings, and according to these, the supposed mineral field lay ten miles south-west of Turtle Head, ou the side of a high range. After a consultation it was agreed that two men should remain at the «amp to guard It, while the other couple took up the search. «■ Wilson and Jaynes, as the two most experienced miners, agreed to go in company, while White and Young did camp work. For a week this division of labor was maintained, and then the two latter ,be came restless. Rightly or wrongly', they concluded that their mates were not acting squarely by them. This sus picion at length grew into a certainty as they discussed the matter. So far Wilson and Jaynes had not dis covered anything of importance. At least they told the camp men that; hut the latter secretly doubted the state ment They' often saw the two whis pering together, and determined to set a watch. On the morning of the ISth March, after the prospectors had left the camp, Young stealthily' followed them. So Tar nothing had been seen of blacks, and danger iu that direction was des pised. Young had not previously been more than two miles from head-quarters, and was but a poor hushmau. For nearly an hour he kept the miners in sight, and then, while passing through a dense bflt of twining scrub, they got from view. As he plunged about, losing his wits in the vain attempt to g.et into daylight from the gloom which enshrouded him, it dawned upon the spy that he was last. This thought only made him more des perate, and, like a madman, he forced his way along, not knowing whither he •went. Ha could not locate the sun, and each moment his position became worse. That afternoon White looked anxiously for hjs comrade. He expected him to return before fcha two prospectors, who might be suspicious if they found him absent on their coming back to camp* Each moment his anxiety increased, and it amounted to nervousness as lie saw Wilson aud Jaynes climbing the slope just before sunset. ■\Vhite regarded them suspiciously as fiicv fsii me up, but saici nothing, aud for .1 time neither of the newcomers no ticed Youngs absence. At length Wil son said, as they sat down to the even ing meal-* ■“ Where’s Alf ?” . Thought you might have met him, returned White, evasively. “He went in your direction some time ago to look f<5» game." Oh. he’ll be all right. There any t any' niggers about as we know of,” ad ded Jaynes. When the brier twilight deepened into darkness with tropical suddenness White became convinced that his mate had met with foul play, aud he looked fit Wilson and Jaynes as though to seek the brand of Cain on them. Yet the two did not act as guilty men. They betrayed an evident anxiety us to the whereabouts of Young, and on.the suggestion of Wilson shots were fired at occasional intervals to attract the wan derer. y ** He's lost his way,” spoke Jaynes, “but if he doesn’t turn up we’ll run him down in the morning.” _ This hope was not destined to be realised, for the closest search next day failed to discover the lost man. i> or a week ejan quest was maintained m wing this time the idea became I in White’s mind that Young had 1 eaught spying on Wilson and aes, and had been silenced for ever, ken* tits terrible suspicion secret, fearing that his own death would be encompassed if he voiced it. • The awful feeling caused him to be come a moody man. and at night he scarcely slept, A touch of dengue fever succeeded, und when Captain Evans re turned with the schooner to take off the unsuccessful prospectors White looked the skeleton of his former self. He was, in fact, seriously ill. A couple of days after being taken on board First Mate Jones approached the captain with a. serious expression on his face. “ White is a little delirious, captain,” lie began. “ Yes “He keeps savins that Wilson aid Jayues murdered Young.” “Ah!” ■ - \ . “Yes. Can’t get it out of his head. There may be something in it, too,” continued the officer. ' “ There may be. Such things. <Hre (lone, and White ought to have a good idea of 'his mate’s disappearance. Bet ter keep the matter quiet. I’ll go to White’s bunk shortly and hear formy self,”' concluded the skipper. ! The result of the interview was that when the schooner reached Cooktown twenty-four hours, afterwards Evans told the authorities whai- ’>o had heard. No two men were ever more complete ly astounded than Wilson and Haynes when they found themselves in the hands of the police on a charge of hav ing wilfully murdered Alfred Young. Of course they protested their inno cence, but the affair looked suspicious. On one pretext and another the sus pects were remanded from week to week while the authoritiesMiastily des patched ajwell-eouipped sdarch party to Turtle Head. - Niue days after their arrival there the expedition were fortunate enough to dis cover Young with a tribe of blacks some twenty miles inland. He had not i been ill-used in any ivay. but treated | as well as the resources of the tribe would permit. A small party of the blacks had found the lost man lying unconscious in a deep gully fully ten miles from his camp. For several weeks he was quire unable to look after himself, and that faet probably saved his life. The ab origines regard tbe mentally7 unsound with awe. The discovery, of course, overjoyed Wilson and Jaynes, for it removed a fearful stigma, if not danger, from them. 