A VERY OLD STORY, By BLAMMB C. HARDY. [Published by special ^arrangement -.vita-ilia-' author. A>11' rights reserved.] IN TYYO PAHTS. PART n. The women did no-t often emerge frora their 'cave alone, tout to-day the heat and stuffiness of the fire and the quarrels of her female relations were too much for Eda, and she managed to slip away unob served from the hall, creep through the vockvrom passage and flit gaily out into the daylight. "Oh," how bright and pretty it all is," cried this beauty of the forests, laughing in sheer girlish gladness at the wide-sky, the hot sun, t'he green leaves 0 of t'he forest, and the remembrance of what sha had) left behind her. But her face changed sudden ly, and she started almost in fear as a hoarse sniff came from the brushwood be side her, and a great dark hairy figure crept out close by. "Beautiful Eda. Are you alone?" it whispered. "Oh, Grilly, what do you want? You startled me so; I wisli you would go away," said Eda pettishly. "I can't listen to any of your nonsense now, I am going in. £ood-bye." "Stop," said the Gorilla in a harsh whis per. "I have not come to trouble you this time, but to warn. You must hear me:" only he said " 'ear" me, which made Eda shudder almost more than his appearance. "Well, w:hat is it?" she asked resignedly. "The floods," said the Gorilla hoarsely. "They are coming, and you will be all drowned in that cave like rats in a hole. They will be bad floods this time, too." "What nonsense," cried Eda, curling her pretty lip scornfully. "Do yon think our Old One would not have told us if it were so? He well remembers the floods agea ago (vhen you were not alive. Oh, you great lumbering Gorilla, you know nothing. Go away. I will send WolfkiHer to you if you don't." ? "I would Mil the white-faced baboon with a kick," cried the Gorilla, growing angry; "and if you marry 'him, I mil-Ara . you <roing to?" ' "r~shall do as I please," replied the im perious Eda. "Perhaps after foe has made wolfs meat of you, I will. . He is a man. and you are only a great ugly beast. Good bye." _ . "But when we are both dead the Great Spirit will perhaps think liirn' no better than me. Eda, lovely Eda," cried the poor Gorilla once more, trying to stop her. AT love you well and you know it; and I ear.? not if you' despise me, so you are saved, from the floods. Oh, listen to me. Believe! Beware!" But she had gone! and poor Grilly threw himself down among the green roots and groaned, till the little Gorilla maiden who had loved him to distraction (though she was . (black as night in com parison with fair Eda), came to comfort him, and pat his head, and whisper consol ing words, and persuade him to come 'hunt ing to distract his mind. So he went to please her, but he thought of. Eda the whole time, and the Gorilla maiden knew; it,- and sighed, 'but loved him all the better. That -afternoon the sky grew grey and heavy, and ram poured down in screams. The -hunters came early back to the cave, wet, cross, and dispirited, and the- evening was not nearly so jovial as the last. Every one grumbled, and the Missing link seem ed livelier than usual, and required a great deal of attention. "Thirsty. More water. More water. Hoo!" he kept calling, and at last the-sup ply was exhausted and a girl hurried away ?with a neatly-plaited reed cup, to fetch some more from a corner where a clear crystal stream bubbled into the cave. She came back looking frightened. "The j stream is rushing like a torrent," s?he said, "and the passage will soon be impassable. What shall we do?" . . "Nonsense. Give me water,' cried the Missing Link, seizing 'the cup and taking a long draught. , "Grilly says the floods are coming; ob served Eda*'carelessly, for she thought it .well 'to mention this, although she had laiis'hed at the idea. "Moods. Ho, Old One, do you hear ' that?" cried Brandwielder.. "What do you say? Is there truth in it?" No!" shouted the Missing link, re freshed by his draught. "Young people of the present day think they know every tliing; they don't. Look at me, I made a new race for myself. Tm somebody, I am, and I know a flood when I see it. This ain't a flood. 'More water! Hoo!" . "There. You see," said Brandwielder, looking relieved; and so implicit was the relian-ce placed in -the "Old One" by. his descendants that nobody :fchought further of the matter. Still the rain continued all that night and the nest morning, and only a few <5 the hunters cared to go forth, for there was not much sport to be got in. such weather. They came back dispirited. .''Such a J queer "thing," observed Flintscraper, the brother of Horn, as he threw himself down by the great fire to dry. "There's not a gorilla left in the forest. They've all de parted, utterly and entirely, and nearly all the other beasts1 too. Can't understand it-" "A very good thing if they have,' growled Brandwielder, "I for one shan't be sorry. Cheeky fellows those Gorillas, al ways presuming on the relationship. But what's the matter with the Old One to night? He's very quiet; is he asleep?" "Yes. I'm afraid he is iH," said Horn anxiously. "Perhaps the Evil Spirit has got inside him." "Oh, he's all right," said Flint. "Ifs only the weather. Let him alone till to; morrow and he'll be as jolly as ever again." But the Old One was certainly strange .that night. He did not talk as usual, but muttered incoherently in the intervals of dozing, and at last with a ghastly chuckle anil a cry of "Floods! Not in my time! Hoo! Hoo!" he dropped off altogether in a deep sleep; and the others left him as he lay and slept. But when they awoke in the morning they found-the Missing Link cold and.deaffl in his accustomed - place. Poor and impo tent were words of mine to describe the wail that arose when this' fact was indeed, made certain; a wail that drowned the noise of -the falling water and -the swoollei* river, and rang through the rocky halls of the cave like the shriek of a lost soul. . "We must bury him," said Horn, mourn fully at last. "No, we will burn his body," broke in Brandweilder, "that will be more honorable than to lay him in the ground. Let us each bring a faggot to the pile of the Founder of our Tribe;" and"the words were no sooner spoken, than the sad duty was set about. The Old one was set iri the centre of the great space before the fire and the freshest and choicest bones in the cave were 'broken and laid beside him, in order that, they, too, being dead, their ghosts should accompany him in his jour ney to the Silent Larfd. Then every man, woman, and child brought a burning stick or bundle of sticks and laid them one on the other, till they built up a sort of wall round the body, and the flames crackled and danced, and leapt up in sheets of fire, and a lurid glow lit np the tear-stained faces of the lookers on, seated round in a ring. For a long while they rose and fell and the cries of the mourners rang and sobbed away through the rocky echoes, and then at last it was all over, and -they rose up, and some of them went out' to the cave door on their way hunting. But! in an instant- Brandwielder dashed back into the cave, shouting "The Floods! The Floods! The river has risen >to the cave door and will be pouring in in an instant. Run! Quick, or you will be too late. He said the floods would never come in his time, and now he has gone and we shall all be drowned. . Of course a panic followed. Everyone rushed for the narrow passage leading to the outlet, and there was a block; the mea and the stronger of the women struggled through and -rushed up the hill side, and; the younger and weaker ones were left# bruised, trampled, and helpless on the ground, washed by the water which al ready had begun to pour quickly in. 'Amongst these last was Eda. Her lover, Wolfkiller, had forgotten her in the hout of peril and -pushed his way through with, the rest, leaving her to her fate; but she was just sufficiently conscious to struggle, to her feet, andNdrag herself to the edge of the-eave. Here a strange -sight met her eyes. The. river that all -her life she had' been accustomed 'to see flowing its calm course far below was now -lapping at her very feet; on every side, as far as the eye could reach, nothing was to foe seen but waiter, mist, grey clouds, and driving rain.. Here and there strange objects might be observed floating about in the flood, drowned animals some of them, others not yet drowned but struggling for dear life; trees and great -heaps of- green growth too were carried along in the swift current. The cave folk had disappeared in the mist. Find whither they had gone Eda know not; the familiar landscape was utterly changed, md as she covered her eyes with her 'hands to shut out the dreadful sight she felt that there was no hope of escape. Suddenly a rough hairy arm was thrown round her waist, a hoarse familiar voice shouted above the roar of the waters, "Don't 'be afraid! It's all rigiit, IH tako care of you. Hold tight, please;", and she was -bodily swept off her feet into the water. She opened her eyes. Close above her was the bla-ek and hideous face of the Gorilla, which then was as an angel's," and suddenly a great feeling of relief came over hec;.siig-3aiew by instinct that she was safe; Hot?, and need fear, no longer, for Grilly "would take 'care of her.. He, -holding her With one harm, struck out boldly with the other, keeping close , to the shore and well out to the current, and 'helping himself ,Trith; the hollowed tree trunk that had erst . iwhile been Brandwielder's boat. "I could not take you the otjjer -way, Eda;" he panted. "I was obliged to bring you by water, but we are here at last;" as he landed her on a rocky point, and gently disengaged,.his arm:, "'Your people are in the cave just' above-that- terrace.:-you will Boon". find fe'ein. Good-'bye." He . turned away. .' "You are'.-riot going?" cried- Eda. "Oh, dear "cousin -Grilly,-stop with me! What should I do without'you?- You have saved my.life!" . . "'No, I cannot stop," said the Gonlla bitterly. "Your people are not my people, and it would not do, Eda. You told me that once, and I t§ll you so now. You call me cousin, but the day will come when your children will look at mine and deny that there ever was relationship between ais. No matter. The Great Spirit knows. I shall go back to Gora now, she is wait ing for me, and she loves me truly;" and * ihe plunged again into the flood and swam away. ' '' Now whether -his feet got entangled in the floating undergrowth, or whether his breath gave out, is-not known; but, when lie "had swum- a few paces, he struggled "vio lently for a second or two, and-then threw Tip his arms and sank right'undertbewater; while Eda on the bank. covered her face end shrieked. And what became of Gora is not told. But Eda and Wolfklller were married, and quarreled violently all the rest of their days, and Eda was often heard-as is the way of women-to passionately declare that had she only married Grilly she would have been the happiest woman in the world. "Which was, of course, ridiculous. But you see it was the old, old story even then.., ' . - ;. 