OFF TO CHINA. THE PROTECTOR'S OFMCBRfi. ^ In "The Advertiser" on \V ednesaay "were published portraits of Captain dare and Lieutenant Wear, with^ short sketches of their marine experiences. To-day we give similar particulars concerning tile Staff engineer and the ch'ief gunner: JIE. W. CLARKSON. Mr. W. Clarkson, the staff engineer, al though not an Imperial officer, is thorough ly conversant with naval affairs, and fay his varied experience in the engineering yards of Great Britain ' lias a wide know ledge of matters pertaining to fc'he guid ance ttf a war-vessel. While young he .was articled to Messrs.. R. & W. Haw thorne, engineers and shipbuilders, of New castle-on- Tyne. For two years he was works manager for Jo'hn Mills & Son, a large firm in Newcastle, after which he re turned to Messrs. Hawthorne, and for two and a 'half years was employed as leading draughtsman in the designing of the ma chinery for the new type of cruisers which were then coming into vogue. Subse quently Mr. Clarkson undertook the man agement of the outside work in connection with the fitting of machinery in these men-of-war. 'Notable among the vessels constructed at this' famous shipbuilding yard were the Esmeralda, for the Chilian Government; the Giovanni Bausan, for the Italian Government; two Victorian gun boats. two Queensland gunboats, and our own Protector. Of the fitting of the en gines for these vessels Mr. Clarkson had sole charge. The plans for the Protector's Mr. W. Clarkson. engines, however, -were 'designed and fitted entirely under Iris personal supervision. In 1884 lie came out f;to the colony as second engineer of the Protector, under C'a-gtain Wa'lco't, our firs'c Naval Com mandant. While holding this position he was sent to Sydney to go through a course of torpedo instruction, and passed first in a class consisting of officers from most of i tfne colonies. Promotion to cliief engineer followed, and he has since been employed in. outside work for . the Govern ment, 'besides his permanent employ ment. When the * collier Wendouree was incapacitated through a boiler explo sion he was called in to give expert evi dence, and in 1895 went to England and purchased the steam lifeboat City of Ade laide, so generously presented to South Australia by Mr. R. Barr Smith. In Sep tember last Mr. Glarkson was promoted to the position of staff engineer. He is in structor of the Torpedo Defence and of the Torpedo Corps. His chief pursuits are astronomy and photography, and he is a member of the S.A. Branch of the Royal Astronomical Society. MR. E. ARGENT. The chief gunner, Mr. E. Argent, first saw service in the Imperial navy in 1873, "when he joined H.M.S. Achilles, an iron clad, as first-class boy. Later he joined the Royal Adelaide, a receiving dhip, at Plymouth, whence he was drafted to the frigate Doris, in which he proceeded to India, when the Prince of Wales visited that empire in 18/5-6. It is a noteworthy fact that this was the last squadron of frigates, or "wooden walls," to leave the English coast. On returning in 1876, Mr. Argent entered the gunnery school on the Cambridge at Devonport, and on passing the course received a first-class certificate. Thence he went on board H.J'l.S. Yernon, a torpedo depot, at Portsmouth, where he qualified in torpedo instruction, and ob tained a first-class certificate. In 1877 he was drafted to H.M.S. Hercules the flagship, which was commissioned for ser vice in the Baltic, under Admiral Sir Cooper Key. As. a war was evaded a cruise was made to Gibraltar, en route to England. On the Hercules, Mr. Argent was gunnery and torpedo instructor, and he left her in 1879, "and returned to the Cambridge to requalify in gunnery prac tice. He joined H.M.S. Woodlarb for ser vice in the Persian Gulf, and from 1880 Mr. E. Argent. to 1884 he was employed there as warrant officer. ? Orders were afterwards received at 'the outbreak of the Soudan war in 1884 to sail for Soualdm in the Eed Sea, where he assisted in surveying the approach to the harbor for the entry of the Euryalus, flagship of the East India station. During 'boat action in this campaign he was wounded, and on returning to England was paid off arid left'the service. In the same year he joined the Protector in England, and in 1885 was promoted to the rank of gunner ajnd gunnery officer of the naval de fence. Eight years later he received tihe commission' of chief gunner and officer in structor of the forces. In October last year Mr. Argent accompanied the Medic to Cape Town as transport officer to the First South Australian Contingent, and subse quently proceeded to England to his old school, Cambridge, where he took a ?three-months' course in gunnery, obtaining a first-class certificate. While in England he volunteered for the Naval Field Bat teries, which ivere to be transported to South Africa, but on receipt of the" news of the early fall of Ladysmith the services of the contingent were i)ot required, and he returned last month. Mr. Argent is -.3 capable and energetic officer, an excellent example of the "handy man," and an effi cient instructor in the handling of guns. The Glenelg Town Hall was packed to the doors on Tuesday evening, when a benefit concert was tendered to a local widow, who has five children and is in poor' circumstances. The Mascotte Speciality Company provided the pro gramme, every item of which .was well re ceived. Messrs. J. Ward and- J. Earle (bones), W..G.oodger and J. Ward (tam bos), and C. Waite (eonversationalist), j-endered t'he "business" of the minstrel .shpw, and . with the assistance of the Eugene Sisters, Misses^Angelita Davis and L. Jarinan'and Meesr^. D6n Eraser and'Roy Murphy were responsible for the first half of a very interesting programme. The same performers contributed special items later in the evening; Messrs. J ack Ward and Don Eraser, with the Eugene Sisters, and Mr. Charles Waite meeting with greaj; suc cess, The Murphy Brothers again demon strated their a'bilities as trick and bur lesque bicycle riders. The programme ter minated with an amusing farce, 'entitled "The. Ghost in. a Pawnshop," in which, .the characters "were' sustained by Messrs. Don Eraser J. W-ard, and [W.-GoodgeEj 