Good Stories— Old and New. ~ Old Mrs. Wigg, of Poppleton, is, says the Church limes, precluded from reading tho newspaper herself by her ago and infirmity so her granddaughter rends it to her. Police cases are sought out first. One day, the old lady being specially interested in a case, sho asked the magistrate's name. ' Biron rrnonntr ' U T- ? II . 2 Hum utuiij, .wyiUAi, Buinuquisea Mrs. Wigg ; ' I should have thought he had beon dead a long timo ago. But there, to bo sure, it may be his child, Harold.' A mau journeyed 3,000 milo to gaze on tbo falling waters of Niagara. He exclaimed to the American standing by his side: 'Is it not wonderful, sir?' 'Humph! Nothing very wonderful about it. It goes over, I suppose, because it can't help it!' Mr; Henniker Heatou, M.P., tolls a story of the disadvantage of tho universal penny postage scliemo. An Irishman in Canada, writing to a friend of Mr. Heaton's, said : ? ? ' I know you know Henniker Ileaton. I know Iio'b a friend of yours. Tell him ho has done me a great injury. He has euabled all me poor relations to correspond with mo hero in Canada, and you know I havo a hundred of them in County Clare.' One day an Irishman was taking a walk iu a small town when ho met an old friend. After walking along the road together, Pat's friend Baid to him : ' Have'*you hoard tho latest good news p' ' No ; what is it ?' answered Pat. ' There's a penny off the loaf,' ' Bcdnd !' exclaimed Pat, ' an' I hone it's off tho nenriv ones.' A young couple wero entertaining somo frienfls, and among tho guests was one whoso continued rudeness mado him extromely objectionable to the rest of the company. His conduct was put up with for some time, until at supper he held up on his fork a pieco of meat which had been served to him, and in a tone of intended humour ho asked, ' Is this pig P' ' Which end of tho fork do you refer to ?' quietly returned a guest at the farther ond of tho table. An old story runs that three Irishmen crossing tho Bridge of Cork ono day, one of thom, looking ovor tho parapet, had a wish to touch tho water ; but how it was to bo done puzzled tho sons of St. Patrick not a little. At last it struck them that by haugiug from the feet of each otlior, their wish might be accomplished. So to it thoy went, going ovor tho wall of tho bridgo somewhat in the manner of a cliatu-putnp. Attor tuey had gono the full longth, it was found that tho water wns still far below them. In this emergency tho ono at the top cried to tho undermost, ' Arrah, now, Paddy, liould you ou till I como down to you, aud then, my honey, wo shall reach it.' It is needless to add that this plan was successful. When a famous archiMologist wont into liis club tho other afternoon, his erudite counten ance was ornamented at sevei-al points with sticking-plaster, and thoro was a geuoral inquiry among his friends as to what wns tho matter. ' Razor,' said the professor briefly. ' Good gracious ! Whoro wero you shaved ?' asked one of tlio younger mombers ? sympathetically, ' It's ' a .strange thing,' said tho man of learning. ' I waa shavod this morning by a man who really is, I suppose, a little above the ordinary barber. I know of .my own lcnowledgo that he took a Double First Class at Oxford, that ho studied in Hoidolborg afterwards, and spent oovoral years in other foreign oduca- ? tioual centres. I know, also of my own knowledge, that ho has contributed scientific articles to our bost magazines and has numberod among his intimate friouds men of the highest social and scientific stand ing. And yet,' soliloquised tho savant, 'ho can't shavo a man decently.' 'By jovo!' exclaimed tho young member in astonishment. ' What ? is ho a barber for, with all itlioso accomplishments p' ' dli, lie isn't a harbor !' said tho bookworm, yawning. ' You seo, I shaved myself to-day.' The following story is told of Paganini, tho groat violinist: — A lady occupying a position in tho social world invited him tp a dinner party, to which men* aud womon, distin guished, in nrt and litnraturo, wero bidden. Rightly or wrongly, she expected that ho would consent to play somothing during tho evening. But sho reckoned without hor guost. Whon tho great man arrived, she discovered that, lie hnd not brought his instrument. '? Oh, Signor Pngatiini,' she exclaimed re proachfully, 'you havo uo t brought your violin !' ?' No, Lady,' was tho witty answor, ' rny violin novor dinos out!' In an Edinburgh school tho othor day an inspector, wishing to tost the knowledge of a olass iu fractions, asked ono boy whether ho would rathor tako a sixth or sovouth part o£ an orange if -ho got his choice. Tho boy pi'pmptly roplioa that lie would taka tho soventli. At this tho inspector explained afc longth to tho olass that tho. boy who would cliooso the smaller part, as tins boy had done, uccauso it loo icc tr tho larger fraotion, was vory foolish. But tlio laugh was ou thoothor sido when the chirping voice of another uroliin broke in in remonstrance, ' P louse, sir; but that boy disna liko oranges,' ^ This is a truo ghost story of nn unconvon tipnal kind. ^ A young lady arrived lato at night on a visit to a friond. Sho awoke iu tho darkness to find a wliito figure nt the foot of tho bed. Wliilo sho watched, tho bodolothos wero suddenly whisked off, and tho apparition, vanished. ; After an anxious, not to say chilly night, the visitor wont down -with littlo appotite for breakfast. At tho tablo sho was introduced to a gentleman, a vory old friond of tho family, who had,- sho lonrnod, also boon sleeping in tho houso. Ho complained of tho cold. ' I hopo you will oxcuso me,' ho said to his hostess. I found it sp cold during tho night that, knowing the room noxt to uio was unoccupied, I took .tho liberty of going in and carrying off tho bodolothos to supplomont my own. Tho room, as it happened, was not unoocupiod, but/lio nevor loarnod his mistake, . Tlio, Rev, Ooarao. Gordon Lang, tho bacholor vinav nf Pnntonn fan„n AT ,1 Ov ? .en.. i — ? T v ' if ono or tno oleuoal friouds of tho Quoon, who, twico a yoar, invitos him t,q proaoh to. her, and invariably lias i „ a oliafc .with, him about tho con wjhpn ? pf the poor in , tho vicinity of tho famous doolc-yard. Ono uight, whoa ho was dining at Osborno, hor Majesty asked if it Svas truo thafc ho hiid twolvo curates. Ho replied in tlio afllrinativ'o. , ' Now, would it not bo wiso to disiihargo tlirdn aural, os, and marry, Mr, Lang P' obsorved tho Quoon por siiasivoly. Hoi* Majosty is a groat match makor. ? ' Well, ma'am, if' I disagroo witli my ourates wo can part ; *btit if I woro to dis agroo with my wifo, it might end in my having to leave my parish.' ( 