7 CASE 2739. II /? CHAPTER 'XLI. A FEMALE HERCULES. ' Wait,' said Leonard. ' There is time ?enough.' ' Time enough for you, maybe, but not for me. When a fellow has been knocked down .and had bis wife stol ? ' ' 'Your wife!' ' Yes ; been married a month. Now ' lis ? ' # . ' Is yonr wife's name Miriam ?' ' 1*10. nr-v Sarah, nor Eliza. What iu the j , devil's namo is the matter with you ?' ' Wait, Hubert. I know all that you : _ ivould say to me. I know just what bap 's. pened without your telling it. Do you re member Prince Charlie ?' n ' I should say so.' r 'It was Prince Charlie who knocked you \ -down.' ' Then he is a lively ghost. Honest, Len, have you gone crazy ?' ' Not quite. There's just one thing that I ? cannot, comprehend, and that is, why he mis- 1 took your wife^for Miriam.' j ''By jove ! I did hear him call her Miriam, as sure as you live. Come, come, Len. For God's sake don't stand here. I must do something. I'm half dazed yet, from that j :blow.' ' For that very reason you must let mo manage things. I know exactly where he has gone, and how to take him. Will you trbsti to me ?' 'Yes, but- ? ' j ' No buts.' 0 'Humph! We had jus't arrived ; left the' steamer at quarantine; hurried here to the office'^ thinking we might find you ; nobody 'tiicre';,r telephone burnt oui j oamo oni, 2ite*a fool, through tho ante-room ; saw three men in the hall ; met 'em near the elevator shaft ; one of 'em yelled Miriam at my wife and smashed me with a cane ; knocked mo out. When I camo to, wife was gone ; went down stairs ; elevator wouldn't come up for me ; I was weak, and nearly fell two or three times ; ground floor full of cops ; just gone ! hell to pay, generally ; came out, found you. That's the story. Now what does it all mean ?' ' It meanB that if Grosvenor hadn't ? ' ' Who the. devil's Grosvenor ?' ' Prince Charlio, Sedgwick Felton, Gros v-_or; all one, Hubert. If he had not mis taken your wife for Miriam, I might not have got him. As it is, I'll have him inside of three hours.' ' I hope you will.' . 'I captured two of his men. The ones yho were with h'im when he hit you. They were to meet him at the 4 a.m. train, New Haven road.' ' He wont be fool enough to take that train, Len.' , ' Certainly not ; but we will.' 'Eh?' ' There's a train on the same road at a ? quarter before three. It only goes' to New Haven. He had time to catch it, and that is what he has done. He will wait at New Haven for the express, thinking to throw us all off the track- by doing that. He will not let your wife regain consciousness, and there fore will not discover that it is not Miriam who is with him. See ? We have nearly two hours to spare.' ' Why not telegraph to New Haven and have the police thero gobble him?' \- ' Simply because he would succeed in giving them the slip, in some way. He will have prepared himself for a move of. that kind. No. The only way is to go and take him ourselves.' While talking, they had been walking, t leaving the hack to the tender mercics of tho f first policeman who should find it, and they , arrived at the Rector street station of the elevated road just in time to catch a train, so they wero soon speeding up-towu. There was time euough, so Leonard stopped at home for a few moments, taking time to change his disguise, and advising Hubert to adopt one. Rudolph and Hubert met as if they had parted only tho preceding day, and tho former ? decided to accpmpany them to New Haven. Roland had retired, so they did not see him, bat Leonard had the additional satisfaction of knowing that tho ladies wero all right and safe in tho house. When the hour drew near, the three brothers wenWogether to the depot, and wero soon flying along the rails in the direction of New Haven, confident that case 2739 was almost finished, and thatthe last memorandum would soon be made undor that head Discreet inquiry at the station revealed the ui.,u. uuul-u wub uiuy ono party -who had left on the earlier train that could by any ? chance, be Grosvenor and the wife of Hubert but after a moment's reflection, Leonard was .?satisfied that they were tho ones. ,-They were described to him as an old man and a negress who acted as nurse to a sick wonian who was convoyed in an invalid's ?chair. She was asleep or unconscious when they took the train. i ' Grosvenor beats tbe devil for resources,' ?muttered Leonard. ' He knew just where to \- 'ynfl that woman and tlie'chair, and he took tho 'tiiu ..'-& go after them, knowinr that it would reduce the chances of recognition to a mini mum, but he will find that for once he has reckoned without his host.' When .the express train pulled in at New Haven, Leonard, Hubert and Rudolph were each on the steps of a different car, watching narrowly the platform as they ran along beside it, straining their eyes to catch sight of an invalid's chair, knowing that its occupant would be the wife of Hubert, and the man in charge, their prey. It was there a pale, beautiful woman ap parently asleep occupying it, while on one side of it was a man with white hair and beard and on the other, a negress, as black as the ace of spades, gigantic of stature, and ugly of coun tenance. Leonard had taken the precaution to tele graph to New Haven to the chief of police re questing that three men in citizens' clothes be at the station to meet him, and he saw them also. ? 1 A signal brought them to his side. ' You were sent here to meet me,' he said rapidly. ' I want that party with the invalid. Spread out and surround them, so if the man makes a break, he cannot get away. We will do the rest.' Grosvenor waB already wheeling the chair forward, and had nearly reached the steps of the car, when he felt that he was suddenly seized from behind. He was thrown, or rather pulled, violently backwards, his arms were pinioned at his. sides and handcuffs slipped over his wrists before he could make the least effort to save himself. Rudolph attempted to serve the negress in the same manner, but she threw him off as easily as though he were a child, and turned to run, when Hubert seized her. He .caught her. by tbe. wrists, and a strango scene ensued. For a moment she struggled desperately, and then with eyes distended, she ceased. ' Fo' de lo'd, honey, but yo' is stout !' she exclaimed. ' Dar nebber war no man, 'cept my Mammoth, who could hoi' me like dat yo' heah me !' ' Your Mammoth is dead,' said Leonard, who overheard the remark. ' This man here killed him, shot him in the back of the head.' 'What! De Cap'n. Did he done kill my Mammoth?' ' That's what he did.' With giganti9 strength, she jerked herself free from the grasp of Hubert, and before they could stop her, she had leaped upon Grosvenor, seized him by the throat and buried her nailB deep into the flesh. He tried to cry out — they tried with all their strength to drag her away, but it was not until Hubert struck her in the face with his fist, that her grasp relaxed, and when it did, Gros venor fell back upon tho platform, limp and lifeless. They bent over him, but he had ceased to breathe. The negress had broken his neck and thus was the dead Mammoth avenged. It took pairs two of handcuffs and a rope to hold the crazed woman, but she was finally secured, bundled into a patrol waggon, and in charge of the New Haven police, taken away. Grosvenor was surely dead, and his lifeless body was loft in charge of- the New Haven authorities, so that when tho throe detectives took a return train to New York, they were without a prisoner, and only accompanied by the wife of Hubert, why had been speedily re vived, and who experienced no ill effects from the adventure, other than a slight nausea re sulting from the quantity of chloroform that she had inhaled. ' 2739 is almost finished, Rudolph,' said Leonard, after thoy were all homo again, and the two, with Roland and Hubert, were seated in the_ library, discussing the events of tho past night. ' Almost, but not quite.' 'The plates and bonds are still to be recov ered, eh i'' 'You, and the mystery about the Feltons cleared up, the Conners arrested, and consid erable detail attended to. I wish John wero here.' CHAPTER XLII. NO. 2739 MARKED ' FINISHED.' Just as Leonard uttered the words, the door opened, a figure appeared in the aperture and a voice replied : ' John is here. Am I welcome ?' Everyone leaped to his feet, and if John had possessed five hands, they would all have been seized at once. His joy and surprise upon finding Roland thero, was as great as Rudolph's had been, and when ho learned that for months he had.i seen him almost daily, in the character of Fool Dick, ho waB astounded. 'Now, John, tell us about it all,' said Leonard, as soon as the greetings and the first natural explanations were over with. 'There isn't much to toll. Grosvenor meant to burn me up, but somehow, he was fooled. I found myself, with all the men that I had known in the cavern, lying1 on the grasB in the cold, not far from the smouldering ruins of tho house. It had burned ito tho ground. I wonder how I got out.' 'I pulled you out,' said Leonard. And then, in a few words he explained all that we already know about, that terrible night, adding.: ?' a - | ' What did you do then ?' ' I was tho first to rouse. I brought tho others out of their dreams, and advised them to mako themselves scarce, which they wero not slow to do, vowing vengeance on Gros venor.' ' Did any of them return to the cavern ?' 'Not one' ' And you ?' 'I went back. I had to. I had made a fool of myself, and I thought I saw a chance to retrieve myself.' ' Well ?' ' It was no use.' i ' Why not ?' ' Grosvenor had blown up tho entrance to the cavern with dynamite, and I doubt if a human being will ever sot foot in it again.' ' Roland and I havo been inside the cave since it was blown up,' said Leonard, quietly. ' What ? Can you find the way in ?' 'Yes. In and out.'. ' Hui'rah ! Do you know what that means ?' ' I do not know what you mean. What is it ?' '{Once get me inside that cavern, and I can. lead you as straight to the spot were the plates are kept as Grosvenor could. The plates and the bonds. That is, if he left thom there.' ' Without doubt he did so,' said Roland, ' for I remember now, that it was by following him once that I discovered the little entrance through which wo escaped after the explosion. He probably thought that that way was known only to him. and intended to return after a while,, for the spoils he had left behind. And you know whore it is ?' ' Yes, all of it. Grosvenor did not know that anybody but himself knew ; but I did.' ' That is settled, then,' said Leonard, who by common censent, was the head of their council. ' It remains for me to go there, find the Conners, arrest them, and m&ke; them tell everything they know concerning the Felton end of the case. I must know who Katherine Felton — in fact, both Katherines — is and are. I havo promised that, and I will do it.' 'You won't find the Conners,' said John. ' They have gone, bag and baggage. Their old house is burned to the ground, and they have disappeared. I do not know where, and I do not care. I doubt if you could convict them of anything, anyway.' ' Leonard.' It was Roland who spoke. He had risen, and was pacing the floor with his hands behind his back and his head bowed, but there was a smile of pleasure upon his features, nevertheless. ' What is it, Roland ?' asked Leonard. ' Do you remember when we were leaving the oavern, that I attempted to tell you some thing, and that you cut me short ?' ' Perfectly.' ' It was 'something connected with that part of the case that now puzzles you, that I tried to tell then. I am glad that you did not give me time, because since then, a remarkable circumstance has revealed to me much more than I knew then. Shall I tell it now ?' ' By all means.' ' When our father sent me to London, I wanted to marry, but he would not have it so, at least until my return, which we then expected would be in a few months. I dis obeyed him and married. You wore my only confidant. Do you remember it ?' -'Perfectly.' I have never told anyone about it. I was a boy then, but I remember my promise.' ' My wife died a year later in child-birth, and the child was stolen from me by Paul Grosvenor, when it was but three weeks old. For many years I searched everywhere for her, until at last convinced that she was dead. Now, however, I know that she is alive, and what is more, I have found her.' ' Found her ? Do you mean — what do you mean ?' ' I mean that tho young lady whom you know as Miriam Grosvenor, is your niece, my own daughter.' For a moment Leonard remained speech less with amazement, Rudolph, always placid, looked astounded, and only Hubert seemed to anticipate what was coming. 'Do you know,' said Leonard, presently, ' who Kate Felton is ?' ' Yes.' ' Who is she, then ?' \- ' Wait ; let me go slowly, so that you will understand. My wife and the wife of Sedgwick Felton, who died on the scaffold in the place of Prince Charlie, were sisters. Kate Felton is her daughter, and Hubert's wife, Cora, is Catherine's twin sister. Do you understand?' 'Well, well, ?well!' was all that Leonard could say. ' Catherine and I,' continued Roland, 'compared what wo knew, and since the arrival of C0ra, what we did not know has been cleared up. Catherine and' Cora aro twin sisters, the daughters of Sedgwick Felton and iris wife Catherine, and my dead wife's nieces. Miriam is my daughter, and your niece.' ' And Catherine's mother ; where is she ?' She is in a safe place in 'Vermont, where Catherine hid her away from everybody, several months ago. Wo shall send for her to-day, Catherino will go aftor her in per son. ' Then after all thore does not seem to be much to do in the case of Grosvenor, number 2739, does there?' 'Oh, yes thero is,' cxclaimed a voice be hind them, and Catherine entored the room. There is much more to do — that iB, for mo to do,' she continued, after a short pause. ' May I speak ?' ' Yes, yes ; what is it?' ' John had turned frightfully pale during this conversation, and when Catherine entered the room, he was as white as a ghost. Now, as she- turned -her great, burning eyes towards him,- he leaped to his feet, and hold up his hands as though to ward off a blow. But sho took a hasty step towards him, thrust out one hand and placed it within his. 'Will you take it, John, and forgive mo ?' sho said. - - Kate ! Kathio !' was all that he could say. ' I mean it, John. You know what it is. It . is yours, if you will tako it, aud the heart and j life of my very existence, go with it. Will you take it ?' J j The bonds and plates were recovered, to tho ^ last ono, and the cavern in tho Glebe was sealed j up and forgotten; except by those who could : not forget it. Leonard and his brother Hubert visited the ? wreck of the bank, formerly run by Grosvonor, | and aftor a short search,- discovered 'that the I tneory of the former regarding the method em , ployed by Grosvonor for making Miriam, re I move the bonds and money from the vault, was correct. A delicate mechanism connected a f secret door with tho safe in Miriam's room, and she was made to operate it without knowing that sho did so. The bonds that were buried in the sugar house' in tho woods were found thero when Leonatd went to get them, and Caso 2739 in ] the office of tho 'General,' was marked, finished. | Then, one night, when Leonard was alono in tho office, he destroyed the' private memoranda regarding tho case of Catherino Felton. J [the end]. 