The Baptism of the Holy Ghost : The Supreme Equipment for the New Century. : — ---— By the Rev. Geo. Martin. The Baptism of the Holy Spirit as an equipment for Christian work is one of the, great necessities of the Church in every age, of its existence. The Divine Pneuma— Paraclete, Comforter, Inter cessor, and Guides-is God's own gift; to His Church ; and it is a gift not for the new century merely, but' for every cen tury of time. The greatest calamity, that could befall the Church would be the withdrawal of the Holy Spirit. Were He to cease His work, evil would be every where triumphant, the Church would become a mere ecclesiastical or ganisation, and. would be powerless to contend with the awful developments of godlessness and vice which would soon be witnessed. Even Christian people,, who sincerely believe in the Holy Spirit,' and who constantly pray for His presence to be with them, have generally speak ing, but poor and vague ideas of the vast indebtedness of the Church and of the world to His ever-active agency among men. He never ceases working. Sometimes the results of His work may be more conspicuous than at other times, but ^He is the ceaseless worker^ 1 and His presence is as needful to the' 1 Church, and to the moral progress and * spiritual enlightenment of men , as the 1 sun is necessary to illuminate and re-. ( new the world in which we live. And i just as the sun is the oentre of unseen, 1 but radiant' and mighty forces which are. - always working and never for a single ] moment at reBt, bo the gracious and f ever blessed Spirit- of . God is -the 1 centre of radiant and mighty forces, « which ever energise in the direction of 1 goodness and truth. These forces are '? not potential merely, they are : kinetic ; they are always in action, never ceasing,; 1 never resting, but secretly,- silently, and '? sometimes almost irresistibly working: ' for the betterment of men, and for tbe establishment of the Kingdom of God upon the earth. No man, no priest, no church. ne sect, has a monopoly of the . Divine spirit. Wherever a: human soul welcomes His presence, and many do so, i at first almost unconscious of His work-; ; ing; yet there He is, to aid j to help and ; to guide that soul i into . pardon, . peace, ? and rest— into the glorious rest of God, wherein the soul reposes in. the con scious possession of the sure certainties s of truth. Language is too poor to ex- : press the joy of the soul, as it utters its first glad—Eureka— and exultingly cries : -e-I have found the truth — that joy, is the joy of the Holy Ghost : the joy that = comes as the direct result of His pre sence, and His work. But let us not suppose that the gift of the Holy Spirit, belongs : exclusively ; to the Church. It would . be^ an: infinite : pity if it were so. The Holy. Ghost is God's gift to the world, and comes to us ; through the infinite merits of Cbrist, and of His redemption. .Wherever -the redemption of Christ extends, there the spirit of God is, to work, ' to pardon and to save. The redemption of Christ, and i the work of the Holy Spirit are coor dinates. The one is r the complement of the other. Were it not so, then, of what avail would . be our missions to the, heathen world ?, Some of the most, gloriouB triumphs of the Holy Spirit's work, have, been witnessed among tribes oi/ men, ,wno were r sceepea m savagery» and heathemsm. Our.belief in the.Spirit of God, and in the certainty, of His aid, is at once, our plea, and our inspiration fox every Evangelical undertaking. No Christian worker is equipped for his work without a, sure belief in the Holy. Ghoat, and a certain oonviction that ' if he does' his work truly and faithfully; the Spirit of God will be with him. - It is true we cannpt see .the ^o'kings pf the Spirit, and jbhe worker himBelf may tiol .be permitted to see the results of the- i Spirit's agency ; but as surely, as - God exists, the results are there in eome form or other, : It may be; in the stubborn kk sistahce of some sin- convicted soul, or 'it may be, in the silent but gracious yielding of the soul to God; and then,, as in sunshine and in rain, the bud: de velops into the flower, or the bloom of spring into the fruitage, of summer, so beneath the sweet and gracious nurture of the Holy Spint, that soul may ripen : into ; the bloom and beauty, as well as into the rich fruitage of a true Christian. - life. ? , One of- the sad things, in connection with the work of the Holy Spirit— and it is inexpressibly sad -^-is, that it is so, of ten blighted, and blighted by the sin, the wilfulness, and rebellion of men. It : was one of the terrible charges of Stephen against the Hebrew people, ; when he . made his historic and ever memorable defence: — ' Ye do always, resist the Holy Ghost *, as your fathers, did, so do ye.' To-day, as in that far off yesterday, men resist the Holy Ghost. In some cases they do it wil fully and determinately ; and, at all hazards, they seek evil rather than good. Unhappily, this is one of the.crying sins of our own age. On every hand, men all around us have been brought in con tact with Christian truth. Whether they will hear, or whether they will for bear, the voice of God : has spoken to them. In the secret chambers of their own . consciousness, the , Spirit of God has striven with them, pleaded with them, and yearned over them with infinite patience and love. Ind, moreover, in many cases, they mew it to be the Spirit of God who was, io patiently and so lovingly pleading vith them. They stood at the bar of sonscience and of God, convicted and . niserable. But that was all. They resisted tbe Spirit of God ; they turned iheir backs on the Church, and they plunged right into the mad whirl of society life — balls, theatres, decora lions, dances ; these things made i the slysium of. forgetfulness possible to, ;hem,. and with all '' their-: heart they; souelit this . pleasurable . excitement, if. i laply they might forget, God. They succeeded in doing so. ^ In their supreme. Polly they quenched the strivings of God's Spirit ; and then in folly yet more supreme, they, thought they had'escaped: from God. Alas, that it should be so 1 But, beyond doubt, in these Christian Iandi, this'is 'the secret* Ihistory of mplny souls: who live, and think, and speak, and work all around us. Men do this lightly, but when they go on continually rer ; sisting the Spirit ; of God, they sin against God, : they ,sin against society, ; and they sin against themselves. They quench out of their own souls the very i light of life, and they put away from them the only power that can ? save them. In these days, the Church needs special prayer . for ' resisting sinners,' for. men and women who fritter their, lives away, and go on from year to year resisting the strivings of God's most graoious Spirit. One of the great problems that faces us to-day is the alienation of great masses of people from the Church, and from all Christian work. ; ; ; This problem has to be met, or the indifference of great masses of . people, will speedily, affect the vitality ! of: the Churchdtself.r ±5ut now, and wnen, and wnere, snail this problem be faced and met ? The most?sanguine amongst us must confess; that it has not been met as yet, for it stands there embodied/: before us, right at our church ' doors. - We have had effort arter effort, we, have tried all modern methods such as; advertisements and organisation, ; but the problem' con- fronts usvstill , ; and we sometimes fancy that thej world is inclined to smile at our elaborate organisation, and then to pass, on the othe? side.' What we need is not legs organisation, but more faith t more prayer, more simple, earnest Christian living., As, individual .Christians, We j want /the transforming; power : of the! Holy; Ghost ; i so that . we be not self seekers, and place bunters, but seekers j xt_ . .!ii / _ 3 ? vxou gutB, anu m vi Hid Spirit.; Power does not consist in big meetings,' but in individual ' Christian? being .filled with the Holy Ghost. When that glad day shall coins; aud individual Christians in all the churches, sha|l be men and women full of the Holy, Ghost/ 1 thf problem^ will, be in a fairway of he ing Bolved. , i V With all our heart we pray for the baptism' of the Holy Ghost. As the advent of the 19th, century 'was ! dis tinguished by a great revival of religion, ? so we pray that it may be with the open ing of the new century. . Breath of God, breathe upon us'! Fire from * heaveg, ? fall upon us'I Spirit' of God, come'! Sweetly, silently, gently,, as the dew forms ; when all the winds are laid; or come, as the sound of a rushing mighty wind ; but come to fill and illuminate our souls with the light and life of God. 