WAYS OF THE WORLD. By BO YET. . . * r n T» About 17 years ago the late Mr. ti. f. Robertson, of Coragulac, Colae, stayed some lime at Berne, Switzerland. for bis health. While tLere he took to toboggan ing. and becoming an enthusiast invented and buik the "Ore>ta run." a kind of estra gloiiried si:ie, made by pouring -water equally a!i over it at night, which on freez ing make? a surface as smooth as a sheet of glass- The Ashbourne Cup in the to bogganing world is the Melbourne Cup of Switzerland. Thousands from all coun tries go to see it. and there is a week of festivities. This year, for the first time in the history of tobogganing, a lady sue cccrfed in obtaining a place in the final eight, and the iady who performed this Ej.]e:;did i v.;:? Mi-s Lorna Robertson, daughter o: Mr. (j. P. Robertson, inventor of the "Cresta run." Miss Robertson hunted witii the Melbourne Hound.- fcr the last two reasons, never missing a d.;y, and ridinj with ie.;r!c-:sness and dash. The lady who -the account of Miss Robertson'? i: i:::g describes the latest to boganning «tyJ->. T':e rider lies fui! length _ on the hnie sieige. face downwards, going , head first and su-iring with the legs. It j is not a graceful attitude, out is wonder-. fully eSeetive. It anything goes ivrong while the s'.edge i? in motion-should it" meet with an obstacle, for instance- the rider at once goe« heels over head, and the momentum continuing, finishes a run of, some distance on his or her back. ? Many of the En-li-h journals are very busv with MdCPiiit Melha's engagement and approaching uiarriage. The gentleman selected by them ;s Herr Joachim, a man old enough to he her father. He is a great! musician, and Madame seems to admire him veiy much. In one published letter she made allusion to him when moved by little Fritz MueHer's playing. £? having "tears in !,:? dear old eye?." It m>y have, been the-e tcuihing references to the great violinist that h:-s led to his name being coupled with Madame in prospective mar riage. li.eie ?' one obstacle to the wed dinc. viz.. the i;;.dy"s husband is a.'ire. Qi'ietly and v.::bo"jt any fuss the "Medic Ladies' Rr-wir.g and Boating Ciu!>" has sprung intr existence on the banks of the Albert-j»ark lake. The members are ail bancsome. ar.2 in thc-:r fetching dresses of nsrv biue snd white- help c-oasiderubiy to relieve the ^.?.notony of tbe A-beit-park landscape. The ox- en-tig is to be appro priately celebrated by a "sailors' tea." after which the members will put out to eea in their yair.es. They will rendezvous in the offing un!ess ?. gale be blowing. The, only ti'.ty is that the Medic Club was not. formed a litr.e earlier, when Lord Brassey5 could have had the opportunity oi becom ing commodore. Happiiy the Albert-park Lagoon is not quite three feet deep, so that in case of failing out of a yacht there is no trouble in getting back again. , An esteemed correspondent submits tbe , following curious incident, and asks for di i recti on:-"The fioor of my room is polished : with beeswax. consequently slippery. I I am in the habit of standing ray gun in one of the corners. We are using the room 'daily and constantly, but the gun nerer slips in tbe daytime, and yet at night. ; when we are ali asleep and the place is per ; fectiy quiet, it occasionally slips out st the bottom, and makes the most unearthly i : noise in falling on the floor." I beg to sug , gest to my correspondent that he should s;t 'up one night, and watch. It may be j^pirits or it may l>e a ghost. It the latter he may be able to capture it. There is lots of money in a real ghost as a side-sh-^w >n one of our principal thorough fares at a shilling a head and hr.ii-priee for children, j Gre.it thirds were expected of the camera ; in war time, but so f^r it has achieved j very little in either the Spanish-American or the British-Boer w;r. At the lowest; reckoning there must be quite one; thousand cameras in Sooth Afrua. but. judging by rc-suhs in the London illus-: : trattd papers. they are all for hand use. j working, of course, with films. The tilms. aster the roll is exposed. are. no doubt, j 'sent home for development, and get the; very best of treatment. Some are mere ? : shadows, others silhouettes without detail, , while many are w confused as to be mere: ; putzks. Enlargements from the films re- j touched lose all photographic character. Drawing is resorted to very generally, but it is plain that a good deal ox it is mere gues-work. Directly the whole plate camera on tripod gets to work, as it does whenever it cn be transported without difficulty, re sults are excellent. In following an army, oi trying to obtain pictures of actual war rare. the whole piste camera and appliances are too heavy. Suppose a photographer heard of some great movement, ani deter mined to follow it, he would, o? course, wsnt a hcrse tor himself and cnother to carry his outfit, which, with six dozen j plates, would weigh 45;b. To get about j ?with this load he would require an ss- i sistant £iad £ third l.orse. So it looks as if j the camera r.ru!>er at the front is ye: a I long way off. * j There wen other difficulties in the wst! that will t.ike a lot of getting over. Thej developing, if done on the fieid or at the base, will require a dark room, a large quantitv ot chemicals, bottles, dishes, and a c-oj/'ous supply of good water. If the operator chose to seed bis undeveloped negatives to England, packing would need attention, and then there is the risk of breakage, &C-; A still more awkward diffi culty to contemplate would be the arrival of a stray shot or shell amongst tbe artist and his belongings. The end of summer and approach of nice, braeing. cool weather when one's appetite is in s;i!endid condition, and a eh op or steak can be done full justice to, is nicely brought into notice by butrhers promptly raising the price of meet. They also add to their foifinse- jacket by kind.'.r robbing iu the i»ct that "i» vrili never go dowa a^ain." Xow that we are just beginning tires, if the wood and coal merchants will jslso kinrilv put on two or three shillings a ton. and continue to reduce the weight, the general joy of householders will be con fidertb.V added to. 