CHIPS FROM CHINA. XIV.— MARTYRS TO EDUCATION, AND OTHER THINGS. THE WATER CLOCK. raising from tne emuiems ot eternity to the mechanism by which time is recorded, we were invited to become enthusiastic over the famous Cantonese water dock. ?t least, and which does not seem to be lired yet. A curious clock, tbisi It con sists of four copper jars or buckets placed above each other. Water drips from the top one to the others, tbe lowest contains a. float which records the time, and the (rater is replaced in the jars every H hours. There is, of course, no need what ever for the maintenance of this cumber tome time- keeper;-as a 2a. 6d. Swiss clock would serve the purpose better than it does; but, resembling in tins respect several of the skulls of Christopher Columbus on the Continent, it is probably kept less as a chronological instrument than «s a means of drawing money from the pockets of the pliable tourist intent on curio-hunting. A DBASnO EXAMINATION. ? The examination hall is not an inviting place. The unfortunate students, who have to reside in it at stated intervals whilst the result of their drearily long .course of edu cation is being tested, corse it vehemently until their dying days; and probably do so with special vigour then because of the impression that they would not have had to yield up the ghost so soon if they had not been confined within the exami nation halL But Chinese aristocracy is at most entirely based on intellectual and moral attainment. No man is glorified in a titular way just because 'he happened t« be there' on some noteworthy occasion, or because he acted ss a footstool foi the political god ? ? of a season. All students.who wish' to become mandarint or other high* officers- have to undergo an academical test in this famous hall or simi lar establishments elsewhere in China. To call it a hall seems, however, to be a mi» EXAMINATION HALL. CANTON. EXAMINATION HALL. CANTON. nomor, as it consists of numerous sentry boxes or cells, with broad avenues between them. The examination gauntlet is divided into four stages, anyone sensible arrange ment in connection jnth the degrees is that a candidate, having nasted the iirst in any portion of the empire, may go up for the remainder in any other part of China where au examination hail'js provided. The or deal is applied with more than Spartan ri gidity. The cells are mere huts, 5i ft Ions by 3 ft. wide, add all the students are interced in these wretched Kttle hovels while the examination proceeds. They are permitted to take food and clothing with them, but not to have any writing or books. The trial to which they are subjected lasts three days and three nights, and there are three such periods of torture, representing altogether nine days and nine nights. While the victims of education are intent upon their studies in the stuffy cells, policemen and other guards constantly promenade the avenues to prevent any one of them from communicating with another, and thus have the advantage of a chance to crib. Some of them die as a result of the pressure to which they are liable at this supreme pe riod of their lives, and everybody who gets a degree in the Flowery Land earns it there is no shadow of a shade of a mistake about that WE 'FOROGS DEVILS' SUFFER. We were deeply impressed by the evi dences here presented of the dose contact between barbaric methods and high-class educational culture; and, as a piece of a de generate turnip hit me on the ear, I was in a double sense struck with the ludicrous anomaly of the situation. With my chair man and others of the party I wu standing at 'the Gate of Virtue'— which I had chosen as the most appropriate for me, and which marked one of the entrances to the examination hall— and, for the hundredth tune within an hour or two, was accosted by beggars, some of whom were gnarled like tree-trunks, others had no legs, most were little else than legs, and the erHuvia of all suggested an offensive alliance be tween corrupt garlic and Limburger cheese in an ? unhealthy condition. These mendicants shrilly demanded money; and, as our purses had been exhausted through compliance with -the heartrending requests of the miserable men wearing the oingues in the debtors' prison, we could not give them what they wanted, even if we had any inclination to do so. I sought to explain this io a discourteously inattentive depu tation of about 150 who surrounded me* and who began to argue the question til at once— possibly because they had no presi dent to keep them in order— and as I spoke in my Chinese whiie they coaSneJ them selves to their English, we did not ar rive at an amicable arrangement. They thought, not knowing me, that I was em ploying improper language*, and I could have sworn that they were. I understood fifty of them to say, with an emphasis which did not err on the side of politeness, that if they could not get money they would have blood, among other things. This menace induced the Democrat to distribute an English threepenny-bit, which had re mained in his pocket, as he had neglected to go to church in Hongkong the day before. He threw this coin to the beggars. He might as well have flung a fancy biscuit to a herd of swine. One hundred angry people all grabbed for it unanimously, while their squeals would have disabled a wireless telegraph. None got it, for it fell upon the ground. A man who clutched it there with a handful of mud— et cetera! —was wrecked in less than a minute by the avalanche-like fall of most of the others on the top of him. The cracking of heads sounded good to us, but the words pat into circulation caused me to 'regret the little Chinese that I knew. TBE ANGRY HUIOIT. Presently emerged from the ruins an ex tremely emaciated Chinaman— 'skinny as an anchorite'— who looked like a mummy that had forgotten it had died, and Bad no right to be walking about as a mortal; arid tbe grin of satisfaction on -what re mained of his countenance, as he Kcked the dirt off the coin he Had captured — watching cautiously lest any one 'should grab— was evidently very grateful 'to the Democrat, who said that kindly actions always brought their own rewards! But the smirk of gratification was soon evicted from its quarters on the mimitil mummy's features, which rapidly became overspread with ripples indicating that his feelings were stormy. He had de tected that the coin was only a threepenny bit— a useless thing in Canton— and not the 10 cent piece he bad thought it was; and when this discovery burst upon his injured soul he felt that he was in the place where patriotism demanded of him that he should get up another revolution, ii only because it did not seem right that Canton should be a whole day without such an excitement. He evidently was convinced also that the Democrat had trifled with his tenderest feelings *by unjustly tempting him with a bad coin, in the struggle for which he had lost part of one ear as weH as other portions of his anatomy; and he approached our generous friend with an intimation in im polite Chinese to tbe effect that he propos ed to make a corpse of him, and to do so with promptitude. The Democrat, how ever, did not second this proposition, though it seemed exactly to express the feelings of the clamorous crowd of ragtag around us, and though— if he were only true to his democratic principles— he ought to have remembered that the majority should always rule and, impelled by ihis sacred principle, submitted himself to be dis sected popularly for the good of the great est number. But one grieves to have to add that our portly political 'economist abruptly adjourned, tbe debate. He utter ed an exclamation which rhymed with 'lamb,' but meant something else, execut ed a strategic movement, and redeposited himself in his chair with an alacrity which well became so eminent a man of action. . THE TROUBLE THICKENS. Some other members of our party had in tended to fight the whole beggarly crew for. principle's sake; but we followed the Demo crat's example— hot because we were afraid of the screaming Chinamen, but for the rea son that we thought it due to Britons to conduct such a conflict on strict lines of moral suasion, and to comply with inter national usage by sending an ultimatum. We found, however, that there is no use in trying such weapons on people who want either money or blood, or both, and want it veryV badly. Still, we - may fairly claim that our retreat was masterly, if not picturesque. It had an artistic aspect, too. Before he retired the Democrat was saluted with a vegetable which looked like a tomato tha£ had seen much better days. The missile came into violent contact with the extremity of his nose, and distributed slimy and crimson tinted rays over the rest of his face, so that he seemed to have been a little prematurely ornamented with his halo. I regret to re mark, though, that the words in which he expressed his thoughts sounded inappro priate to the wearer of an aureole. Person ally I received a piece of road metal on the back of my head, and the Democrat un feelingly observed that the Chinamen had en original way of smashing stones. An other member of the party was made the target for an infantile cat that had been divorced from its spirit some weeks pre viously and had some difficulty in remain ing intact; but our friend was providen tially saved because the heedless young Chinaman who had swung the kitten three times round his head with its tail preparatory to delivering a final blow was checked .in his operations by an older and more thrifty comrade, who reminded him that dinner had to be provided for that day, and 'that any one who ddiberatelv. threw good victuals away in that heedless fashion would be sure to come .to want. So the remains of the cat were reserved for another fate. By this time the rest of our party had passed beyond tbe lines of at tack, and after a hurried consultation we decided to reserve our defence until an other day, though the legal man among us insisted that our. bounden duty was to charge the crowd. 'Never omit to charge!' was his mofto. Bub the Democrat, though cautious, said darkly— 'If I could only get that crew at the end of a garden hose in action!'. This remark showed the deep malevolence of the Democrat's nature; because to have washed those Chinamen suddenly, and without due notice, would have been to take a terrible vengeance upon them, while causing the gutters to run more mnd than usual WAR GODS AXD WARRIORS. Taking one consideration with another, we did not enjoy our visit to the examina. tion halL but one may doubt whether the place will be seriously damaged by the maledictions which the Democrat hurled at it We took luncheon in a famous five storied pagoda on the city walls, which are massive structures faced with masonry and built in with earth. Climbing to the top of this pagoda,' we viewed Cantdn. in every di rection, and were amazed at the drearinets and barrenness of the landscape. We ate our provisions unde/ the shadow of a big war god, that had such an uncanny, yet comical and benevolent, expression that, gazing upon him, one could easily under ?tend the truth of the aphorism which in forms us that the pen is mightier than the sword. To the critical observer be less re sembled a son of Mars, competent to raise thunder and lightning, and then defy both, and do other desperate deeds, than an in dividual who would cherish no higher am bition than to take out washing orders in a perambulator. This war god over looks a special reservation in which the Tartar soldiery are kept. These Manchu agents are quite distinct from the Chinese population, and are hated with fiery fer vency by a large majority of. those whom they, as representatives of the foreign Emperor, keep in awe. Their houses differ from ihe dwellings of the ordinary people, whom they tyrannously and shamelessly ex ploit wherever the}' are stationed. They buy goods from storekeepers without think ing, of paying for diem, and if payment is demanded they trump up charges against the unfortunate dealer m mercbJndue and find means of wreaking vengeance upon him They are mere social pariahs; and, though they and their predecessors have been more than two centuries in this city of Canton, that stay is more than 200 years too long for the good of tbe people. If 1 were in China I should be a rebel conspira tor, and be proud of the title. Even a most phlegmatic Chinaman— who was fat, and therefore, supposed to be satisfied with everything in life— became furiously excited as he .talked to me of the extortions and cruelties of the foreign soldiery; ana, hear ing of their excesses, one does not wonder at the' statement that when tbe Japanese arrived at Port Arthur with the object of shelling that place during the CbinaJapa aese war .-a deputation of Chinamen waited upon the chief officer in command and offer ed to fight on the side of the Japanese .jgaiast the foreign dynasty. ''At least,' said the spokesman, 'you will pay our wages and give us something to eat!' 