AMUSING. "How do you. like your now oook?" " Oh, so so. She is very dirty. She has no idea of cooking, and she smashes everything round her ; hut still, she has ' one (rood and rare quality." "What is that ? " " She stays with us." I Customer (returning): " Didn't I give you a half-crown just now, by mistake for a florin ? " Shopkeeper (positively): " No, sir." Customer (turning to go): " It isn't of any consequence. I had a counterfeit half-crown that I carried simply as a curiosity. I must have lost it some " Shopkeeper (hastily): " Wait a moment—perhaps I'm mistaken. I'll look again." President Kruger, when Jews first be gan to flock to Pretoria was unfavorably disposed toward them, and used theui severely, but after a time relented, and finally gave them leave to build a syna gogue. They were grateful, and when the synagogue was built they asked him to come and open it. The old man ac cepted the invitation, and, standing on the platform, duly said: " In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. I declare this synagogue opened. Now, my friends, I hope you 1 will lose no time in becoming converted." Mr Satupon (inquiring about his mother-in-law's health, with mock solici tude): "Is there any hope, doctor ?" Dr Isarkastick: "No hope: she'll re cover." Husband: " My darling, when I am gone, how will you ever be able to pay I the doctor's bill 'i " Wife: " Don't worry | about that, dear. If tho worst comes to the worst I will marry the doctor." In a certain Philadelphia store there is a young assistant bookkeeper. He is a steady chap, minds his own business, and as shrewd as they make them. The other day the senior partner of the firm, who seldom comes around, made a tour of inspection, and, as he approached the assistant bookkeeper, he noticed the solemn expression on hisface. Desiring to be genial, he said: " How are you, young man ? I see you are at your work. That is good. Close attention to business will always bring its own reward. Tell me, what are you earning now per week ?" The young man, without a moment's hesitation, answered: "Twenty ! dollars, sir; but I only get half of that." At the time when the war with Spain j had been brought to a successful close ] (says a contributor to tho " Drawer " in "Harper's,") a number of statesmen were discussing the future of the country over theircigarsin Washington. Atlastone enthusiast exclaimed,addressinghimself to the most prominent member of the group : "In my opinion we are drifting directly towards imperialism, and you, [ sir, should bo the first emperor." " Not if I know it," drawled the great man ; " I am not fool enough to want to bo the first emperor of a nation of such good shots." Customer : " Have you the same razor you shaved me with two days ago P " Barber (flattered) : " Yes, sir ; the same identical one." Custoraef: " Then chloroform me first, please." At an entertainment in Edinburgh, just ns the Boer war broke put, the audience stopped the performance to sing the National anthem. So far this was all right, but more followed. A few hot-headed spirits caught sight of u uni- I form, and the wearer, despite his pro tests, was seized and carried around the building. When he regained terra firnut, some one asked him for the name of his regiment, his uniform not being familiar. " Begiment! " was the snr- [ prised reply; "pian, -I am the door-,| keeper.' What's gaun wrang wi' ye a' ?' Mr M'Kenzic, M.L.A., introduced a depntr tion on Wednesday to tho Minister of Lani fiom tlio Seymour council, which complains that the efforts in that district to cope with tl rahhit pest were not sufficiently energetii The rabbits were numerous on some of the pri vote lauds within the shire, and nothing wi done to.. diminish the pest beyond trappinj which was ineffective. It was sncgested thi owners or occupiers of land should bo compelle to lay poison during the summer months, t that was the most effectual way of keeping tl pest in check. Tho deputation also asked thi the Vermin Destruction Act should be amende by requiting land owners to tako all " rensor able " instead of all " necessary" stops 1 destroy the rabbits. The act as it was at pr< sent allowed an inspector to summon a lane ownor ifho saw a rabbit on the holding, no1 withstanding that the owner might be doin his best to keep the pest in check. Mr M'Co replied that he could not accede to this r< quest, as he had pledged himself in Pariiamei not to relax the provisions of the act. I feared that the amendment desired would les to efforts on the part of landowners heir lessoned, which would result in an increase the number of rabbits. He would instruct A Allan, chief inspector under the act, to see th the act was vigorously enforced when the war weather again set in, aa tho rabbitB would tal the poison more readily then. 