The Dear Children. Theoretically Miss Bouncer was fond of children. After the way of theories, however, this died a natural death on being exposed to the fierce fire of actualities. Miss Bouncer herself had been an - only child. Her experiences of the young were practically nil, and her ideas wero formed by a careful perusal of the novels which came down periodically "in the book box. Children sound very well in books; they were affectionate and tactful —so grateful for any kindness. i T'nfrrLunntely, Miss Bour.cer suddenly came into contact with the child of flesh and blood, not the graceful figment of the novelist's brain. Since then nothing: will induce her to visit any house where she is likely to repeat the experience. At the time this happened she was a smartly-dressed woman, with a good deal of manner, the most golden- chignon, and the whitest teeth in the world, f-lie had a delicate colour, a graceful figure, and was altogether a taking person. Nr>w. Miss Bouncer had been out many years, so many that she sometimes forgot the number, mid got rather coi.fused when tiresome old ladies pressed her to tell it. It was. therefore, with considerable triumph that she received the attcntiens of young Charlie Cameron. They met at a ball. Charlie was new to dancing. He had only come of age sis months previously, and was heir to a big place in the south. He fell straightway in love with Miss Bouncer; and, after pursuing her the whole winter, got her introduced to his mother, and finally asked to stay in the summer. Miss Bouncer arrived on a hot afternoon. and was received by; her hostess—a languid, bored-looking lady, who only brightened up when tea was half over, and the door opened to admit two children, a boy and a girl. 'Come, darlings,"' said Mrs. Cameron, "and say! 'How d'ye do?' to Miss Bouncer. 1 With many a playful nudge and pinch the darlings advanced to inspect the smiling guest. "How old are you?" demanded the girl. "I am afraid you are rather inquisitive, my dear," murmured poor Miss Bouncer. "I always encourage my children to speak whatever is in their hearts," explained Mrs. Cameron. "It is a beautiful thing to see the thoughts of a young mind expanding like a flower in the sunsliine." Mrs. Cameron was poetic, and was believed to have cherished literary asnirations. Her visitor assented doubtfully. "Kitty, my love,'' continued the mother. won 't you go and look at a pretty picture book? See, you have upset Miss Bouncer's tea all over her nice dress." Miss Bouncer ruefully mopped her skirt, and weakly allowed herself to be inveigled into a drawing-room game. With an aching back she knelt on the floor, trying to piece the bricks together, and at the same time to avoid the flying missiles with which the young Cauierons emphasised tlieir opinions. It was with extreme thankfulness that she rose to dress for dinner. It was. to quote Mrs. Cameron, "quite a family party." and there was no one to interfere with Miss Bouncer, or to cut her out with Charlie. He was most attentive. and her affairs appeared to be progressing most satisfactorily. Her only trial was the children. Do what she would. Miss Bouncer could not worm herself into their favour. In vain she endangered her life, playing hide-andseek up and down the stairs. In vain she sacrificed herself to play cricket, football. and rounders. She told them stories, read to them, and yet she failed to strike one spark of gratitude.- They voted her a muff, complained she couldn't run, and said they had heard her stories before. Then the day came when their victim, recognising the fruitlessness of her efforts, discontinued them, and refused to play. Furious at this desertion. Kitty and Johnny brought their minds to bear on all manner of practical jokes by which they might punish the delinquent. Mrs. Cameron found this very funny. "It is so nice to see children high spirited," she remarked pleasantly, "and my darlings are really most amusing." The feud against Miss Bouncer came to a crisis when Charlie discovered that lady on the verge of hysterics. The dear children had playfully put a mouse .down the back of her evening dresa. Charlie took the case in. hiB own hands, boxed the ears of both offenders, and marched them off to bed without dessert. From that time Miss. Bouncer was a doomed woman.. "•. . V •. JL suspicious calm reigned for several days. Then came a beautiful star-lit evening, andChariie led Miss Bounoer on to theveraadah.' If the moon had been shining, and- he had chanced to step oat sod look up at the house, he might have seen two small - dressinggowned figures crouching on the balcony of the room above. Bnt Charlie did not do so. He was quite content to sit very close to his companion, and tell her that life would be a blank when, she went away. " "But why should you go away, Isabel, my darling P—" At this moment there was a. terrific crash overhead, and Mrs. Cameron rushed in from tfie drawing-room : "Charlie, what can that be? Oh! It must be burglars. Don't go! They will kill you!" Of course Charlie rushed away, but was not in time to catch two small figures hurrying back to the nursery. Mrs. Cameron subsided into a chair in strong hysterics, declaring that it was a ghost, and had probably been sent as a warning. The only thing to do was to conduct her upstairs to bed, consequently Charlie postponed his proposal till the next morning. Miss Bouncer undressed herself. It took some time, as there was a great deal to do. Once in bed she slept soundly, and woke with a confused notion that burglars were ransacking the toilet table. She felt much too sleepy to get up and see, though she heard a stifliug sound of giggling, and then a closing door. Sleep once more overcame her till she was roused by the housemaid with her tea. In the passage outside she could hear Kitty's voice saying, impressively : "Now, James, be sure you give this parcel to Mr. Charlie when lie wakes. Tell him it's a present." "Another practical joke, I suppose. Those detestable children!" sighed Mis6 Bouncer, lazily. About half- an-hour later the house was roused by a furious ringing of the bell. Miss Bouncer sent a pencilled note, t > Mrs. Cameron, explaining that she was ill, and must stay in her room. Mrs. Cameron appeared to make in quiries in her dressing-gown, and re ceived a considerable shock. Before lier stood Miss Bouncer, but not the good' looking Miss Bouncer of yesterday. Where were the golden .locks, the pretty teeth, the delicate colour? Gone, indeed—vanished!—leaving a skimpy topknot, an aching void, a pallid face! "It must be the dear children!" gasped Mrs. Cameron. Miss Bouncer said she supposed so. The children were summoned. They were excessively amused at Miss Bouncer's appearance, and enjoyed the joke in a whole-hearted manner that was quite a pleasure to see. On examination they confessed that they had taken the chignon, the teeth, and some bottles and boxes, had packed them neatly in a brown-paper parcel, and had sent them to their brother's room. Careful observation through the keyhole of Miss Bouncer's bedroom door had disclosed to them the existence of these articles. One hope lemained. Charlie might have been too sleepy to open it. This was, however, dashed by the arrival of a housemaid, bearing the parcel in her hand. Miss Bouncer bravely completed her toilet. She went down to breakfast, and found Charlie looking up the trains. He was going to spend a week or two with a friend of his in the country. Miss Bouncer took the Bradshaw, and sent a telegram to announce to her parents that she would be with them that evening. Miss Bouncer is still unmarried, and Mrs. Cameron persists in entertaining her guests with the story of her darlings' high-spirited joke. —E .A. Tliurlow. 