THE HERALD. ADELAIDE: MAY 12, 1900. The key to the political position just now is in the hands of the electorate. It always is so, but the fact is hidden away in the darkness of the popu lar mind on the subject THE KEY TO THE POSITION. The electorate is free enough, and broad enough, at the present moment, to take a mighty step forward in the -direction of truly liberal and enlight ened legislation. This is the fact that needs thumping in upon the public mind, and grafting upon the public conscience. The industrial population of South Australia is aiming *at fuller and more effective representation. That is the immediate goal ahead of us, and it will be attained. But here and now, in view of the polling on Saturday next for members of the legislative Council, the lesson for the workers everywhere to take to heart and thoroughly to learn is that the key to the whole position is in their immedi ate possession. The struggle at the polls is for Household Suffrage, and it is keen enough to throw every other political consideration pretty much into the background; but it is the keener insight still, that sees in Household Suffrage the means to an end, and which recognises what that end really is in the present political crisis, that can alone supply the incentive that shall give the liberal and progressive vote such a preponderance on Saturday next as shall carry everything before it. This end, we repeat, is within the grasp of the present electorate; and it is simply this, that the vacant seats on the Legislative Council shall be filled by men of such pronounced opinions, and of such broad and liberal views, as to make their mark upon the House, and upon the important issue as to what the State Constitution shall be as modified and in a measure controlled by a Federal Parliament. We have come to a junction of political lines where we require the most efficient management, the best driver, and the most trusty guardianship, to carry the State express over the points and on its way safely and comfortably, without slackening the speed of progressive legislation, or risking a moment's in fraction ofthe political time-table. What shall the State Constitution be, in the face of a Federated Australia ? That is the question the coming which will have to be constitution, answered in the ap proaching parliamentary sessions, and the reply to which, what ever it may be in the Assembly, will be in the keeping of the Legislative Council, to endorse or to negative, just as it may choose. This is the point. Mr. Vardon made a great deal of the fact, the other night, that the people are already fully represented " in their own House," every adult over 21 years of age having a vote. " What can be broader than that ?" he exultingly ex claimed. The reply is, the broadening of the Council franchise to the same limits, without which the will of the people, as expressed in "their own House," may at any moment be ren dered inoperative. Now, then, how is this to be done ? By returning the right men, as we have said. Who are the right men—the men most to be trusted in this important crisis—the men to return on Saturday next:—the men whom the workers of South Aus tralia should vote for—the men to be entrusted with the formation of the new State Constitution ? Well, here they are. Our own Labor candidates stand at the head, for the Central Division, Messrs. Robinson and Kirk patrick. Of the other candidates, those who come nearest to our platform are Messrs. Bice and Miller (Northern District), Russell and Moody (North Eastern), and Kingston and Gordon (Southern). If these men are returned, we have in them the best guarantee which it is in our power to secure, under existing conditions at the mo •ment, that the reeonstitution of our State Parliament will be really and truly in the interests of the people. In the closing hours of last session it was suggested that a special Commis sion be appointed for state the consideration of this commission, weighty matter, and for focalizing all the neces sary statistical and experimental in formation obtainable. Circulars were issued inviting the co-operation of members, to which the Liberal side of the House promptly responded. But what was the attitude of the Conserva tives ? To a man they held back • and while the matter was still in the air, and under "discussion, the summons from the Governor came, and parlia ment was prorogued. Why this hold ing back? The reason was clear enough. Wait till the May elections for the Legislative Council. If they could keep the House in their hands for another term, whatever they might be compelled to do in the direction of extending the suffrage afterwards, they would have the whole matter under their thumb, and could dictate what terms they pleased. Well, the May elections are come; next Saturday the vote is to be cast, and it rests with the people as to whether they will bestir themselves and make themselves heard and respected in both Houses of the legislature, or whether they will still be content to bawl impotently at the top of their voices in the one House, while the " Omnipotent Thirteen," smug and comfortable in the other, listen complacently to reiterated de mands that pass " in at one ear and out at the other" into the great immen sity beyond! What we want to impress upon the workers throughout this great electorate is this, that they may be heard if they like, and that, if they will it to be so, this farcical state of things can be put a stop to in one act. Vote straight on Saturday! Household Suffrage for the Legisla tive Council -will lead up to all-round adult suffrage—that is a what . lies forgone conclusion, the behind. expression of which elicits cheers from all the constituencies. Meanwhile, step by step as we mount the ladder, the horizon is broadened and the position strengthened. The work at the polls on Saturday is to strengthen the position by the return of the right men. There will be an insidious attempt to pose as protectors of the public purse by abolishing payment of members altogether in the Upper House, or by a twenty-five per cent, reduction of salary: one result of which would be, though this is care fully kept in the background, in directly to secure the financial qualifi cation of members, and push Labor representation out of the field. We want to return men who will not only see through this little dodge, but successfully oppose it. There is a danger also of the education vote being crippled, on the same plea of reduced expenditure being necessary as a consequence of the transference of customs assets from the State to the Federal Parliament. It has been suggested that the vote be cut down by £40,000. This suggestion comes as a prop to class legislation, and as a blow to the free education of the people which stands out as one of the crowning glories of the colony; and we want to return men of the people, who will battle for the rights of the people, and who are seized with a strong and clear perception of the fact that our system of popular education constitutes a great highway to power, and must not be tampered with at any cost. The coming sessions of both Houses will be occupied largely with the crucical question of reduction in the number of members, from the Cabinet downwards; with the fixing of the boundaries of the newly consti tuted electoral districts; and with other vital matters inseparably con nected with the due apportionment of local and federal interests. Are we to leave these matters to be decided over our heads by the champions of hostile interests ? Or are we to send our own men into the breach, to plant the flag of Democracy on the heights ahead of us? All this, and a great deal more, lies behind the vote that will be recorded next Saturday. Again we say to the workers, let every vote be recorded, and let it go straight to the mark. Last week we ventured to prophesy that after Dr. Borthwick's return from the East, where he had fulfilment gone to study plague, of Adelaide would no longer peophecy. labor under the reproach of being without an authenticated and verified case of plague. That prophecy has been ful filled. We take no particular credit to ourselves for phenomenal smartness in this connection; for anyone who had the least skill in reading the signs of the times, or in watching straws, could see how things were going. Criticism of the Hospital doctors had overreached itself ; the lying strain in the dailies had touched the breaking-point; and the public had become overstuffed with statements that " there had been no plague in Adelaide", or that, even if there had been, " the evidence of its presence was insufficient." Things had reached a climax; pediculosis at sixteen guineas a case without proof was played out; a genuine case of plague had to be found, and it was found. Dr. Borthwick, too, tried his hand at prophecy; but his success has been slight. Full of the learning he had imbibed in Sydney, where the authori ties have gone rat-mad on plague, he reported that the disease would first appear among the rats at Port Ade laide, and then among the people. He has had to give the go-bye to his own utterance. If he wishes to save his reputation as a prophet, lie will have to allow that the disease of which the Adelaide rats have hitherto died was plague; but as this would com promise his position as an unswerving oppositionist to the Hospital doctors, there is no likelihood of his prophetic reputation being defended or main tained. Even scientific reputation has to go to the winds at the present crisis. For be it remembered that, in proving that plague existed in Ade laide, post-mortem examination, culture of the bacilli, inoculation into animals and the production of plague in them, the opinion of bacteriologists in other colonies that these specimens were specimens of plague and nothing else —all this mass of evidence was pro nounced by Dr. Borthwick insufficient to establish a case. And now, are we correct or not in stating that, when he is called in to a case reported by Dr. Lander to Dr. Bollen as suspicious, he examines it, and within a few hours, without post-mortem examina tion or inoculation, he announces to a meeting that he and Dr. Bollen, the Port officer of health, had decided the case to be one of plague ? Had Dr. Bollen even seen the case ? Shades of Science and Ghost of Dr. Wilkinson ! Is this the sort of thing Dr. Borthwick has been learning in Sydney at the city's expense 1 Suppose for a moment that Dr. Ramsay Smith had done a thing like this, how his enemies would have rejoiced at his having given him self away. Has Dr. Borthwick learned that plague may be diagnosed without all the clinical parley and scientific paraphernalia that he has been preach ing about for so long at the Institute of Hygiene and elsewhere as abso lutely essential ? Or does it amount to this, that when he said that all Dr. Ramsay Smith's evidence was insuffi cient, the city officer of health only meant that Dr. Borthwick had not been asked for his opinion on the fiTihiAni. 1 