TALES MD SKETCHES. [AH Rights Reserved.] THE OAKLEIGH GHOST. r.y A. ABMITT (Autlior of 'The Garden at Monkholine.'' if., Ac.) Letter from Miss Connie Wharton to an intimate friend : — 'Dear Haggle— A mast dreadful thing has happened. Hither we have got a ghos; at Oakjeigh, or Kellie thinks we fave, wnich is just as bad. or mavbe wors?. ' I told vou that I was coming to Keilic'. for her birthday. Site is my cousin, and an awfully nice girl, but TaLlier spoilt, yon Icnow ; because she has no mother, ami \- .uncle just sdores her. However, lie can't give way to her in everything. There was a young man ?whom she wanted to marrv : his name was Randolph Gurney. He had very little money, and he liad never settled down to anything, so uncle wouldn't hear of it lue young nuu went away to Aine sort of a promise not to correspond for two years. I'm sure I thought that Nellie lud forgotten all about it, but it seems die hadn't ? ' You'll think that I ajn (rendering from my pointy from the ghost, in fact, but I'm not j for the young man is the ghost, whici makes die matter so much more serious. '?You know that there has been talk of a ghost at Oakleigh, not a nice, permanent, comfortable one that you can used to, but one of the most disagreeable sort— a death warning. ~ There is a. very old room in the house — gloomy-^with oak panels, and all the ' properties ' of such a. place ; and when a person belonging to the family was just dead or just going to die, be. or she had the unpleasant habit -of putting in an ap pearance in 4his room, and saying some thing more or less — generally less^—to tie paint *? We used to boast about this haunted room, but we none of us believed in it in the least. ' Well, on Kelly's birthday ever so many people were staying in tLe house, and Kelly* vent to sleep in this room, because it' was rather out of the nay, and she wouldn't put anyone else in it. It's at the end of a long passagp. She's slept there before, and always said she liked it But this night she was rather excited. She'd had a good many presents some of them anonymous, and she fancied one had come from 'Randolph, but didn't know which. 1 expect this set tier thinking of him, and dreaming of him. At any rate, she woke just 'as the clock struck* twelve — a. inosi unfortunate moment ; and there he was. at least his rcace was — wishing her many happy returns ! 'I tell her that it was just a dream, but she vows that it wasn't She woke out of a dead sleep ; she had a horrid little clock by lier bedside that startled her by strikiqg twelve, and as soon as that was done, tiie Voice spoke. She says it was Randolph's voice, and nobody else's.* ' The room wasut quite dark, because there was a night light burning in the bedside clock that she 'iad received by parcel post that day — a most intricate little marline it was ; we couldn't find out how %o wind it up /or a long time. And i wish we hadn't found out, because- then, it couldn't have awakened her bv striking twelve just in the middle cf her dream! The worst of it is that she has dreamed it two nights running, only the ghost didn't say the same tiling the second night, but something more intimate, some pet name that she savs no one knew except h?r and Randolph. 'I say she dreamed it but as a matter of fact she didn't : =lie must have fancied it instead, a much more serious thing. 1 got her to sleep with mo the second night, and thought the trouble was over : irat 1 awoke in the dead of the night to find thai she had stolen away to meet her pfoost. Really I don't know that it is quite the proper thing, is it ? — to have clandestine meetings with a ghost. And the ghost had kept the appointment, though she ha-.l lighted all the candles in the room, and stood in a regular glare, liegiring the voirv to speak again ; hut it wouldn't*. She said F was just too late. The doi-k struck twelve, and then the ghost spoke. ' I try to laugh at her. but I don't like the thing one bit She takes it seriously, and declares that Randolph must be di-.-.il. She hasn't his address, so the can't write to ask him— if he's alive, I mean. 1 think uncle ought to oe told, tut Nelly won't let me speak to him. She begs me to wait for another niglitTjeeause three is the fatal number. ' ' And if I'm not afraid, and don't tarn up fhe candles, perhaps he'll tell me wore to-night,' she say-. So silly of her ! How ever, if she sleej-s there again, I sleep there too. The ghost shan't have the game all to himself any more. All the visitors have gone a.wav, so that there is no reason lo me the horrid room ; but the ghost has bewitched, her; she says that it's really Randolph, and he's dead. She keeps on saving that, and very uncomfortable it is. 1*11 let you know to-morrow what lias hap pened. Youre affectionately, Connie Wharton. I 'PA — I needn't wait until to-morrow. We have seen Randolph's death in the * Times.' He was on a steamer that went down in a. storm two nights ago, about midnight, just at the time when Kelly first dreamt tiie voice. You may imagine what riie tninks now. 1 don't know myself i what to believe. But I think that dead people ought lo stay where Uiey arc, and _ not to come worrying other |-cople wiliom ' thev pretend to be fond of. And being ; o incoherent too ! W'hv can't they speak ! plainly if they must speak at aU J But I lave told uncle — Nell}- was quite willing — and he's bound to do something.*' IL Investigations. Mr. YVharton did something immediately. He took his daughter up to town that very afternoon to see a specialist in ner vous diseases. Kelly's assurances and ex planations were thrown awav upon him. As for the loss of the liner, that was a mere coincidence. ?''.She's been thinking of that fellow, an-i dreaming of him. This happens, and slic suppose she had a warning. She told von, did she, beforehand ? That's nothing. Girls are always talking to one another of these things. Trollope makes 'em do it, and Trcllope knew. I wish Id had the ghost of an idea — dear, dear, dear ! Tni afraid to use the word ghost now. It's no use you're talking, Connie : just get her ready and yourself too. You've got to come. The very sight and sound of a lot of sane folks walking about wDI do her good.' . So to London they went, but the great man could not be seen until the following dav. They slept at a London hotel, but it was very little sleep that Kelly bad. She fretted this time, because she couldn't hear tfie voice. 'Hell think I've run away from him,' she complained. « The specialist thought that hers was a distinctly nervous caa& Change of air 'and scene — travel — society — these were to be She only heard the voice in tte one room? Qnite so, gnite so. The influence of Association or an expectant tnood would be sufficient. She'd better not go back to that room, or if it was necessary to prove the illusion let somebody sleep with her there. He prescribed a nerve tonic, and suggested a journey abroad. They returned to Oakleigfi, and Kelly took possession again of the -haunted room. Remonstrances were useless. Ehe rasas eager now to hear tie voice as she had before been afraid of it Perhaps she herself hardly knew whether' it was a relief or a vexation to her that Connie was to share her room. Connie did not like the idea at all when it came to the point Kelly may nave got used to ghosts,' she said to her uncle, '* bat I fckven't™ ' Upon my -word, you don't mean to say tiat yds believe there's anvthiog in it !' rried Mr. Wiarton. * . '' I don't know. I hope there isn't ; but the coincidence was odd, after all.' And the next morning Connie declared that there was sometiimg in it ' ' She doesn't dream, it,' she said. ' The voice speaks. That horrid \eloek strikes, and tien it begins.' ' What does it say V ' ('Hi. all sorts of affectionate things, you know. It sounded quite natural, and didn't frighten me half *a much as 1 expected. But it's very, very strange to hear some body talking away just as you can, and not a creature there.' * Had yon a light ?' 'The night light in the dock. I wanted Kelly to, send the stupid tiling away, hut she .said she must know when twelve was near : and really it was better than be:n~ in the dark : and 'Kelly wouldn't hare s bigger light for fear the ghost shouldn't ' vilio wanted the ghost ?' said Mr. Wliarton in wrath. 'Well, she did. She was horridly vexed that I was there to hear when he began to be — affectionate. And she' asked ques tions and begged him to answer, but he snid his -way end was silent So stupid of him. If people can speak from another Hunu lute null luej ougai lo explain thenjselvcs and be considerate.'' ' Can't you tell me anvthing about it — that you thought von lieard *' 'O'«, the thing was : 'You darling, our separation will soon be ended.* and. ofj course. Kelly thinks she's going to die! direct!)-. I call it horrid of him — if he's is dead.' Mr. Whartnn gazed .it his niece incredu lously. He thought she couldn't be quite 'It's1 been too miri for you. he said.] *' I ought not to have got you to deep in that room. I've heard of an epidemic of illusions, and you've canght this.' I 'You'd better try yourself.' she an-: swerod. flushing. 'You'd probably catch it too.' ' I 'That's just what I'll do.' he declared- ' ' but vou mustn't say a word to Kelly till the la%t minute, or she'll alter someitiin' in the room and say it was that I'll hj\e even-thing just as' it is. Then 111 lock myself in to-night and you'll take her to your room to sleep.' J 'It won't satisfy her if you Qiear no- ' thing.' said Connie, ' because the ghost i=m't likely to speak to you.' | ' If the ghost's such a. fool as you make him out to be, that's exactly what he will do.' said her uncle. So Kelly, weeping and protesting against ' ireatJherv ' and ' crueltv,' and saying ' What will he think of me f was locked out of the haunted room that night The next morning the Squire's face was a sight to toe, for its mingled expression of rage, insulted dignitv, perplexity, and fright \- I see,' said Connie spitefully, ' that you've caught the epidemic.' 'It's a trick, a trick! Ill pull every brick down to iind how its done.' ' So you heard the voice i' 'The impudence of it,' blustered the Squire. 'To pour out all that sentimental stuff upon me ? ' ' The ghost must have gone blind since the first night' said Connie. ' Fancy not knowing the difference between vou and Kelly I' 'And then to talk of my tvrannv; and to ask if I remember— I should sa*y if she remembers— getting me to driveher half way to some private meeting place they had in the wood. ' \- Well, if it 15 a ghost, he is a fool,' Connie said, her calmness growing with her 'I don't believe she ever did such a ihimr, hut HI ask her,' said Wliarton. ' I wouldn't if I were you,' said Connie, with significance. Nevertheless he did, and Kelly did not show one moment's remorse or shame, ex cent for the faet of ier 'treachery1' to Randolph in letting others hear his voice. 'Kow youTI believe me,' she said. ' There's not a creatnre in the world ' ex cept myself and Randolph who knows about that Oh, why did you turn' me ont of tie room last night 1' *? If it's an epidemic, there's three of us got it now,' said Connie, with more em phasis than grammar. ' I wonder wfaoll take it next Shall we send for Dr..Griggs, and see if he stands tar 'Itut Kelly turned proudly away. ' I don't know 9iow you can laugh at such a Hung,''s'ie said, ' when Randolph's dead.' ' Oh, my poor little girl !' said her father, forgetting her faults, 'I wish he *rt'asn*t. You should man v tyiitn tomor m. Another letter from Connie Wharton, and its sequel :'? — 'Dear Maggie, — Wihen I last wrote to you we were in great trouble because we'd a ghost, son- we're in rather' worse because the gnbst has left us. ' First he frightened us aU by talking, and now he 'grieves us aU by silence. ''I really don't know -whether I am standing on my bead or my heels, nor what I -believe and what I don't believe. 'I told you boo- the g&ost; talked most unsuitably — to uncle in the middle of the night and after that nnde believed no more in Dr. Griggs. He had carpenters Instead, and people of that sort, lo poke round and take np boards. But they discovered no thing. Nelly wonld sleep in that room, abe didn't sleep ai all if we- kept her wit of it ; and the g!ust went on talking. She wouldn't even do without the ghostly clock, because after Randolph jg -death ap peared 'in the papers, a. friend of his wrote to tell her that the clock had come from Randolph himself— that the friend had for warded it for him on the right day. having received it beforehand. And I believe, she got quite to rely on the clock to wake her up at the proper time, so that after two or three nights she would drop off to sleep and start up when it began to strike, and tiien. after a time, fall asleep again. What worried her. however, was the fact that the voit-e never answered her questions, but iust talked on to itself, and then stopped. ' Uncle was nearly crazv about it but Kelly got to take it quite calmly after a few nignts. Then the voice ceaied alto gether. *? And now then she isn't to be consoled. She says the voice has been driven away because she wasn't allowed to ftear it alone. She thinks she's hurt the ghost's feelings 'T/nele. was so mad at his having been the victim of a delusion that he preferred to 'believe in spiritualism. We've had all sorts of mediums down here trying to com muuicate with the' other world. Some of them failed : the rest shammed. We know they shammed because Kelly said it wasn't the right voice, and it didn't say the right things. We all knew that she'was ready enough to believe. But she wasn't soumv to be taken in. evidently. 'Then uncle got ano'ther due. and he believes it's the right one. He has turned to the Theosophists #nd been reading their Imoks. and some of the theories fit exactlv. Major J^uth. who took up Esoteric Budd hism srinte years ago. has been to see us, and he explains evervthing. It seems that it is quite natural — Randolph's greatest desire having been to see Kelly again, — that his frailer and more perishable part should haunt her vicinity, and utter words of af fection. Mis higher identity has already — so I think I understand. J-iit a good deal is vague— passed on to loftier spheres. The disappearing of his voice means the gra dual fading away of his earthly shell — iioi his body, that is quite different. ' The ulisence of attention on the ^jho~t s part to what was said to him. the irrele vancy of his own ivmarks. his indifference to Kelly's entreaties, his idiotic blabbing of secrets'-a!l this is explicable when you conceive the visitation to be a mere Tocal embodiment of last memories and Us}, df- ' sues novering round the penon who .ex cited them. I cant express' mvaeir pro perly, but if you eouhl near -llajor' fimrth' - vou woiild know h'ow' reasonable it p^''''^ ' ' Do I believe it myself 1 I.don'f. know what I believe. ' but anything is better than supposing that 1 jam' off. xpy* Bead, and uncje is off his head, ana' Kelly is~-jff her head, and we are all ffoing to remain so for the rest of our lives. ' '.'.' .' ' 'There is a kind of idea thai if we go to Thibet, or some equally impossible place, and find a Mahatma, or Gome iother equally impossible person— renr old, Mr? — - wise, vorv good — then' we max get into communication with Randolph's real' spirit. Kelly thinks this would'bc comfortiBE, but I really don't know. ~ . . ' However, uncle is willing to go «ny» where, and'to do everything to dear upihe niv'stery ; and' I can't desert XeUy.- '. - ' \ do think though, tiuit if Etrndolph had licen properly food of Kelly, he. never would have come huTrytfin^ -her ' in 4Ju9 way. Qut she says it was kind of .Sim 1 ~ a Your most distracted . ''? Connie.'' Having finished 43us epistle sad drpimed it ir the letter 1-6i in the hall, t!annie*put on her liit and sallied forth 'in scarab of'. little irral; air. She thooght. it wouW e'ejr beV niind of pbantoms.' ? And tjj% first person she met after' turning i'benj in the drive was the ghost iiinaejf. ' : She had not known Sandoiph very well, . *-ut there was no ^ntatalrii^q lum. He walked briskly, looked plump and in en! health, and 'as soon as he perceived 'her, lifted his hat to her, smiling. -'?'.. She pinched herself to pe sore that she - was awake : then she looked up «t' -Jh* slgr, ana down 4 the ground. Xq gboaxSf hour, no ghostlv place tlus. - ? ' -' ' ' Sir. Gurney* is H—you I? ' Kobody else, '—and he lauded' joy ously. 'You didn't expect to see me, did ' Kot here,' she mnnscred. ' If it had been in Thibet'!' ' ' ' ' ' -. 'In Thibet? Is that a joke? Wont you -shake hands witn me'?*5 ' ? .'.' .'. ' I don't know thai T— dare. Are 500 ' Raiber. Why ? ~ w|tli sudden -cCpt- ~ sternatSon' ,- 'Von don't neu'lo skj- ih&t; you saw the notice of roy iinde'e death, and thought it was me r ??-??' .,'7 ''' We taw somebody's death, but whether it was jour' rade's or'not; I pqilf tty. Ziien you weren't drowneji ?' ' ' Kqt I. I hope Kelly 'never thought so - for a moment iff ainyP&i;£ iiad liaopaied I. Should 'have been sure 'ioie^'liep~bin' (tf course I couldn't law in -iat case.*; ~' . 'That's just 'jrihat yopda^ Cinnie cried wrathfqllr. '4nd u-hal I want io know is why, when a inans uncle ge& drowVel the post's nephew conies' and tiaa|Us~peb pie that tie ghost never ioiew-' ' ' Aren't you'taiking a l«le oddlv ; le it a joke anyway 3 'Bui I musf go og fo tiie house.' ' ' ' ~ ' You'd beter adf ! Suppose anyone saw you ! Do step out of tte way inio this path !.'.'' . . 'Oh, it's all right. The «Jd gentlenum w^n t mind a bit ''My sfaifniie is second now. He only objected 'because T 'ng poor.' '* ? ?? ? ? ?? *'???— T *-? ? ?'-\ wasn't thinking of flic old genUemaa. ?-? Ifs KeHy 1 ' tnina1 about * onsSeTaB ' shock to her ! She's fancied you dead ever so long, and when you' laiow all tint's happened since * '*'* -~ V ™: \- You don't mean to say that she's |!Ot engaged to someone else ? She been rather ' in a hurry I must say.' ' She's not likely to hare engaged her self to anrone else, with vou coming aild talking to'her (I'm sure I didn't know Sow you did ft if you were dead, but ifs queerer if you're alive ; (coming in the most gh&ssly; manner, and calling her a!l sorts of pet names in the middle of liu- night' Randolph stared for a minute, and then began to laugh. 'Oh, that's it is it !' he said. ' Some- body heard and got talking. But surelV Kelly never told what I said !' ' Hob- could she do anything dseV Con nie 'asked in growing indignation 'Hie poor girl was frightened out of her frit-). She thought it was a sign of your death. And then when we saw your naine among the passengers drowned, thai ?etded it.' 'Ok, I say, how dreadful ! But Sdly tnen'. There was the paper of directlbai how to wind up the machine.*' *' What machine V -' '—. ' The phonographic dock.' 'What t That horrid little beast Ui*t always woke flier at twelve o'clock Before the voice began to speak ?* ' * * ' Of course St would. I thought*** pjn. ' was a safe time far it to fcegin-^tvheh fie was all alone. Then s-o'd know who it came Jrom. And she could regulate the oilier mtteraBces afterwards, according tix directwns.' ' I — begin to understand ; though. w» ' found some paper of directunft, -and ' T .' didn't know there was sudi a machine.' and Connie, forgerting h^r eousin*s trqublct burst suddenly into ft peal of laughter. ' If you could have guessed,'* sn,f.~saH. ' ' when'you said all those things, into that machine, who would listen to them *** ' But Kelly never would be so treacher ous ? ' Randolph began, getting qu|te red in the face. 'The poor dear ehing couldn't help it. We all 'thought thit she was out of her mind, and turned -her by force from Ibe room, that we might listen to the rfiosl ' oondrea. Oh, the lovely dungs too said to nsdc ! And the wav too abased him to bis face ! And the secrets yon blrtA*! ' about ronnetf and Kent- ! I wonder yon elan to come bad: again.' ' I thought a wa» a]l right. Ifcit phono graph was an miration of a friend of mine-. NobodVe ever done tie thing into such a handjr form before. I pnl aS my little capital into patenting it ; for the fellow nut a penny of bis own. I'm kit part per, and our fortunes made. We've had orders for nui; fcaH a million in the _ fitrte. ?urn T «t that thing off. It i just tirrnfj ne from ft poor man to a ricb one. I waited until I was con thai the boom had fjegim. Then I came straight over.' ' Rot yon aent that thing first.' ' Well, we'd promised not to write, and that wasn't writing. I new thought it would tsrn oat like this. Bat I dont oatr. rn got to face k up. And if poor Kelly fascie* me dead IH hurry on and reassure ber.' ' I wouldn't if I were Ton. Ton're done enough mischief already. You'd better let me break it to ber first,' ' Sorely abeH be glad to cee me.' 'It'll bo an awful ahoek, when she thinks you're dead. Too don't know what ?he's gone through. We've had her up to Ijondon to see a specialist. And we'Te bad mediums «nd tfceosopSiistA, and all sorts of ctrange folks bere to explain the — machin*. If you'd been m week later we might hare all been off to Centnl Asia to interriev your difembodied spirit.' 'It'll aare a journey then to meet me ben.' ' 'I wonder yon dare,' answered Connie, erring the reins to ber fa*^ngg in the 4n3 Jen relief. 'When a girl's idealised yoa ai girla do idealise dead people, when (he's oWmgfat of yoa aa a spirit in a superior world, aomeooe to dream of and look up to, low can yoa burst upon her all at once, and let ber fee you as you are !™ 'You do put it an awful way. Bat it ?fee's food at me really ? .'' 'She's too fond of you ; that's the Jan ger. How can she bear to find out^good BeasI Hear she comes ! Do step behind ?tfrat tne and let me give her a momsot'd warning.' Cbnme was now m a genuine plight, and nnrlni rinlmrllv mt hi* *]?»«- .n »=» 1,™ ' out of the way. Perhaps it was this very undignified action which changed Neilj's expression \- from one of awed wonder to perplexity and wide-eyed inquiry. 'On, Randolph,' she said, 'is it yon V ** I'm awfully sorry,' said the young man numbly, 'but it really is.' ' And an you alive !' 'I gueas I oughtn't to be from all ac counts. Bet Fm afraid I am. I hope you wont mind very much.' ' Hmd very much ! Oh, Bandolph !' He put out bis hands towards her, and she ran to take them. 'Thnfeat*. voice. Thia isn't a dream. It is you, really, really 1' ' And you aren't sorry !' 'Sorry?' ' It waa only that Connie said ? ' 'What does it matter what Connie ?aid ?' Nelly asked ungratefully. Connie wafted, to bear no more. She ... lorried to the house to tell her uncle that ','. tt was no longer necessary to go to Ttn ' [Tie End.] 