POISONED BEER. Some funny fellow, half a, century ago, wrote a sixth act to 'Hamlet.' In it, in addition to the characters who h'ad killed themselves or been kill ed in the . fifth act, the members of the orchestra went on. the 'stage, and saying, 'Behold our last finale,' stabbed themselves, and died; and finally the prompter, with the remark, 'My duty's done, I'll blow life's candle out*/' stabbed himself and died. Then the Ghost entered, and said, 'I can't be poisoned, so I'll drink the beer.' It may Be stated that beer, not wine, was supposed to be the favorite drink at the Court of Denmark. To the Ghost entered, after the orthodox fashion, the Devil, who exclaimed, 'Oh, Ghost, what dost thou revelling on beer?' The shade of Ham let's father's answer was, 'There's lots 'of time; just take a. pull yourself.' The Devil, nothing loth, sat down, zni the Ghost went on, 'And as the song says,' upon which the Evil One suggested, 'Sing it, Bully Ghost' Then the curtain fell jon both characters singing 'We won't go' home until morning.' All this kind of thing seems comically, even if horribly, appropriate to the epidemic of poisoning in England caused, so a telegram states, by the use of bad sulphuric acid for refining brewing sugar. It is a mistake to suppose that the adulteration of drink is a1 mo nopoly of our advanced civilisation. The sophis tication of wines had to be legislated aginst afld protested against some hundreds of years ago. But there can be so doubt thai nowadays what are called 'the resources of science' are called i into action for the adulteration, or, rather, the production, of liquor to en extent and in direc tions which can hardly be imagined. Only the other day public notification was made of a pro cess for producing pure alcohol at a nominal cost from sewerage matter. And now our beer, in stead of being made from malt and cops, has its origin in sugar refined by sulphuric acid. If this kind of thing goes on, beer will presently be only capable of being consumed with safety by ghosts and demons. 