. CHAPTER .XXVII,"'. , THE TBUTH TOLD True to her promise, Lady. Elaip.e ;j went the next day to see her protege, j if such Jans Colons could b» oallod'^ j I and she continued her visits to her as I long .as she was an invalid, always I carrying her some little delicacy in the way of fruit, flowers, jellies, etc., and was herself so gracious and winning and sympathetic that the woman came to long and watch eagerly for her coming. One day she went to her ' a little earlier than usual, taking as her offer ing some great, luscious oranges. She had already carried ’ her ali kinds of fruit, but this afternoon she had seen these unusually fine ones, and their fair, golden beauty had tempted her to buy them more than anything else. As she passed the basket to . Jane upon her entrance to her room, she :toek one, and; after looking at it a moment, said, with a sigh: - “I never, see an orange, ' my... leddy,. but I think of a. poor, young thing, sick and friendless,, who I took, care of in. xVladrid last summer.” "Madrid?” exclaimed Lady Elaine, her heart leaping into her throat- at the name. “Were you in- Madrid last summer?” “Yes, my leddy, and.my heart aches every time I think- of that poor dear, for..I had to. leave her before she began to mend in that heathen country, and 'She couldn't speak a word of their gibr, [jberisli.'' I’d-give much, to know that she :-:gofc -wellj ;^nd visL‘all right" againi.” ^•"Was she English ?" - Lady' Elaine asked, much interested, and with a little : VierVbus tremor. -. “That she was, and just a sweet- little body, too ; but she were dreadful sick, and used to beg for oranges like a thirsty child for water. . Many’s the one I’ve held to her mouth and squeezed' the cool juice between her burnin’ lips. . She was such a young thing, too, to be neglected by her wretch of a hus band!” “Husband! What! was she married? —and .neglected- when she was ill?” cried Lady Elaine, beginning to lose colour at this point of the story. \- “Yes, leddy. It’s a sad story. The pretty child left England a bride and went t-ravellin’ from piaee to place with her husband, who seemed to have a grudge against her for something, and wouldn't- let her go home, though she -often b5gged him to take her back. When they got to Madrid their money gay.e out - entirely, and he-couldn’t pay .^eir bills. Then he got reckless, and didn’t care, and he wouldn’t work nor try to support her. She.didn’t tell me all this, yer leddyship; I found out a -good deal when she was ravin’ with the .ever. When she found that his money was gone, she said she couldn’t live so, and if he wouldn’t work to take care of ner, she must do something to support nerself.. So-she went away from him .uto cheaper lodgings, and went to urawin’ and paintin' piotures to earn the bread she ate. She had some money that her aunt gave her for a -weddm' present, but she were savin’ it to pay ner passage back to England as soon as she could find someone to go with; and one clay, when sue went to see the con sul to-get him to put her in somebody’s care, a thief'bioke into her room and stole all her je». els-and money. The shock and a au^en coid that she took chrew her imu a dreadful fever, and she was at me oionest when I had to leave her.” • "That was hard. But how did you happen to be with her at all?” asked .her listener... “Well, ye see, John and I’ve .been seafaring people all our lives. He’s worked up from, a common sailor to mate, and I’ve always gone along with Him as stewardess. This time-we sailed aboard the Locket, bound from London to Valencia for fruits, and just berore we entered port at Valencia,- on this voyage, John saved, the cap’ns life, and so, when we landed, he told-, us we should have a hoVday, and. go where we. liked while the vessel was being loaded up. We thought we’d like to travel au.out- a bit, and ire went up to Madrid for a look at the city, and one day we thought' we’d go and pay- our respects to the English consul. While we were waitin’ to see him this pretty young thing comes into the wait-in’-room and sets right down in front of us. - .1 was that startled when I see her that I thought my heart would jump out of my mouth, for she was the perfect imago of a beautiful leddy that we pioked up at sea once. She and her Husband Had been shipwrecked coming iioHie from India, and they had lost meir baby—’Baby AHie,’ the poor mother called her, with such heart breaking moans that they have rung in my ears ever since.” .. “Oh!. who-'were they?” Lady Elaine cried, with; almost breathless eagerness. “Alii- le'ddy, T can’t tell ye; but this young girl looked so exactly like the beautiful leddy that John and I fell to talking :abqut it, and she heard us. She turned as-white as a ghost as she looked around at us and asked us would we please tell' Her who' we were talking about, for she -had been lost coming home :from India during 'a shipwreck, and there Was some puzzle about her parents and.who she were.” “It is Arley—she is telling me about Alley!” Lady Elaine cried to herself, her teeth almost' chattering from ner vous excitement. She had half-suspec ted jt before—now she was sure. But she restrained her impulse to speak of it, and listened eagerly while Jane went oh with her'story. -“We told her,” she said, “that we could'not tell her who the leddy and ■gentleman were, for we were so busy tendin’ 'to' -their wants and needs we never, thought to ask; but probably the captain-. Igneivy and would tell'her, if she could -find him. She sighed and looked disappointed, but said it was ‘a clew,’- and'- might help her some time. She seemOd'.’mazin’ glad to find we were English, and'asked were we goin’ back to England soon. We' told her yes, m a little more’n a week. Then she said, •Would.we let her go along with us?’ ’ “John was mighty taken .with her, for- she were jest about the sweetest ap.qken, prettiest little thing -we’d ever seen,' and he said he’d try. to,fix it-, if she’d’ be Willin’ to go in a sailin’ vessel. She told him, so- eager and wistful, that she’d go any way to get home once inoi-e. Then we agreed that we’d go and talk' more about it with her the next-day, but when we got there, I -found her ravin’- with the fever, and more likely to go into her coffin than back to England. I saw that the sick ness would go hard with her, and there was no one to take care of her save that jabberin’, woman who kept the house; so I took my things right - straight on, , and told John I should,stay,with her till the last rninit before it was time to go back to the Itocket.” • “ You good creature!” murmured Lady Elaine, with glistening eyes, while she was trembling from- head to foot over this thrilling account of Arley!?. strange misfortunes. • ' . “Anybody . with . a, heart. o’ stone .couldn’t have helped it, if .they’d seen her lyin’ there so helpless and ne glected ; but I didn’t s’pose then that I-was goin’ to get my pay back in the same way,” Jane returned, with a grate ful look in the fair face opposite her. “I s’pose that is what the good Book means, where it tells ye ‘to cast your bread, upon the waters,- and ye shall get it .again, after many days;’ Well, that poor clear was dreadful bad for three or four days, but the fifth she seemed a little better, for she knew me, and told me about her troubles* or something about them. She didn’t say much about that scamp, she sort o’ shielded him, hut I knew enough already from her ravin’s-, and so, with what she told me, I had the whole story. But it would E&Ve; broken your heart to sea ho.w she t-ook eu when ■ slio found ‘ thit she oouldn’t go ,h.otho with 'itel''and! then it came out tffa-fi almost'all her money liad been stolen, and stye ;hadn!t' anything to pay her bi(ls.vvitH... vBut'I fixed that all right for l^er,' and. theri'.'tried to com fort her- as Veil as T coUkUiy tellin’ her that it wasn,ir-&fe;:Jo.r-'tlio like of her to be goin’ back to England in a sailin’ vessel and ’twould be ever so much better to wait and go like a lady in a steamer, and I finally left her a bit comforted.” | “But was there no one in all that city—no English person whom you could have hired to> take care of her?” Lady Elaine asked, much distressed , over, Arley’s sad state. “Not a soul, my le.ddy, _ though we asked our guide—we had to ’hi re one to go with us wherever we went, for, of course, we couldn’t understand a word of tha/t gibberish, and he didn’t know of anybody; the consul was away, and so we had to leave her. I s’pose that wretch of a husband was somewhere about,- but he oouldn’t be found.” “ Did he never come to her while she was sick ?” ._ \- “No, leddy, not while I were, there; sha.-sonfc' for him onoe, but he’d gone from' their, idth’er lodgin’s, and nobody knew where to ; find him. She : said if she .was-only, well -she should not mind ■bein’ left-so much, nor the loss of the money—though her heart did ache to get homo—for she could draw, and paint, and sell her pictures,. arid take care of herself, but to- be sick and alone and without any money was fit to discourage anybody,' The little chat terin’ doctor was good" to her, though, and she could talk French with him, - so it wasn’t quite so bad as it might have been; and I told her she needn’t worry over the money I’d let her have—the poor dear wanted ine to take her di’ monds—for it had gone into the Lord’s treasury and He’d take care of.it. And He has,” Jane concluded in a’reverent tone. “Whaftl have you ever heard from I her? Has she sent it back to you?” asked the young countess, not quite comprehending her meaning. “ Oh, dear no, marm, I don’t mean that, but you have beeu so muoh kinder to me than I was to her, that I’ve had my pay twice over already,” was the earnest reply,.. Lady Elaine smiled. “That is the way you reckon it, is it?” she said. Then, with-a strange trem bling of her lips and a queer feeling at her heart, she asked: “ Who was this lady'? What was her name?” “Sue told me it was Mrs.—Sirs. Pax ton—I’m sure that was it; and I reckon that her scamp of a husband’s other name were Philip, for when she were ravin’ she would call out that name and beg him to go to work so that they could go hcmie, and not stay there to starve or get into debt. I tell ye, my leddy, I don’t do muoh sniveliin’ on my own account, but it made me cry like a baby to hear her; and then the day I had to leave her! I declare! for the first time in my life I was almost willin’ to let John go off alone, while I stayed and took care of her. Aha] my leddy, but yo have a tender heart yerself,” Jane concluded, as she heard a convul sive sob and saw that Lady Elaine was weeping bitterly. “Oh, Jane, you do not know it, but you have been telling me. about my dearest frieiid,” she said. “I was quite sure of it, •' even before you spoke her name, and it nearly breaks my heart, to learn how she has suffered and been wronged. She was called Arley Went worth when I’ first knew, her, and she was' a "lovely jglrl, .'and .'slie neper knew a' care or sorrow until the day she mar ried Philip Paxton. I -have never seen her. since, for. she went away directly, but she lias writ-ten to me several times, though she has never . hinted at any trouble, and yet I have ■ imagined that she was not happy. And now-” She stopped short, her face all ablaze with indignation as she thought of the wretch who," having refused to do any thing to support the wife whom he had won under false pretenses, had taken her to a strange, almost barbarous country, and, when she was sick, des titute, and friendless, had left her to her fate and returned to his own coun try. Her heart was . in a perfect tumult of contempt and righteous anger, and she almost hated herself for having tolera ted his! presence for one moment. How ever; he stood unmasked before her now, and she would know how to deal with him in the future. Jane Collins w;as greatly surprised by what Lady Elaine told her, “Just to think of it!” she cried, her face a perfect picture of wonderment. “How queer things do come about!” “How long were you with Arley?” her companion asked. “Just about a week, yer leddyship— the day was set for the Rocket to sail, and go I must in her, for there was no one to take my place, and John oouldn’t get along without me any more than a baby could without its mother.” “ And you are sure that uo one came to see or to inquire after my friend during that, time?” questioned the young countess, thoughtfully,, and re membering wbat Philip had told her about Arley receiving attention and money from a gentleman in Madrid. “ No, leddy, not a soul came near her save the doctor, John and I,” Jane as serted, confidently. “ Did she at any time speak of any one whom she knew, or wished to call upon for assistance?” “No, marm; she said she hadn’t- a friend to help her,, and she would be without a soul to do her a good turn when I was gone,” “StrangeT’ murmured 'Lady Elaine, musingly. “No, it is not strange, either,” she added to herself; “ it is all of a piece with his other treachery.’.’ Then she began to question - Jane re garding'the clue which Arley had gain ed, ;or ^though she had gained,' about her parentage. ■ She made her go oyer every item of the story which she had told Alley, and which we know al ready ; and as she listened to it she also -became excited and nervous over it She drew out her pocket-tablets, writ ing down portions of the tale, asking quick, eager questions;, taking down the name of the captain of. the Rocket, and. the place of his residence when in port, and gleaning every item which seemed likely to be 'of use in sifting the mys tery of her friend’s birth. She was astonished when the little clock in Jane’s kitchen gave five short sharp strokes. ■ “ Why, it is. five o’clock, aud I have kept you talking muoh longer than I ought!” she exclaimed, ruefully. “I have been here more than two horns, and I should have gone home long ago.” “Never mind, dearie—I’d talk an hour longer if I could do any good for ye or the poor child that’s laid so heavy on my heart ever since I kissed the tears off her pale cheeks and left her alone in that outlandish city,” Jane re turned, in a voice which was not quite steady. “We will hope that good may result from what you have told me,” Lady Elaine said, cheerfully. “It may be that those troubles which my friend has had to endure—that' those very straits in which you found and left her, will prove the greatest blessings of her life; it certainly will be so if they lead to the discovery of her parentage. If she had not gone to Madrid and had these trials she might never have met you, or gained even a duo to the mystery. But I am going to see what I can do with, j the facts you liavo given, me, toward ■ unlocking and solving this complicated puzzle.” She took leave of Jane, and, hasten ing to her carriage, was driven hack to her hotel. But. she appeared very much excited, for all the way she kept tap ping one little foot impatiently upon the floor, while her eyes deepened and glowed with almost a dazzling bright ness, and a deep, rich colour-mantled her usually pale cheeks. ■ ■ How heartily she despised Philip Pax ton, now that she knew the hateful truth about him. ! How little, and mean, and contemp tible he appeared to her—how false arid heartless. How she longed to grind him be tween the millstones of her wrath until ho should criuge and suffer a hundred fold more than, what poor Ariey must have endured in that foreign city, where, sick and penniless, life must al most havo seomed too bitter and worth less a thing to struggle for. Now she could understand why she had left Philip—why, proud and sensi tive as she was, she would not remain., with him to incur debt or countenance his life of idleness and poverty, j; Poor, bravo, little girl! ' Slie bud never known what it was td earn * it' penny during all her life; but she had : preferred to go out alone "into the strango, unfeeling world, to. battle for herself, rather than subjoct .herself to. tho mortification and disgrace of, living at her case as the wife of a shiftless hanger-on, who was too vainly proud and stubborn to work for her. Then tho thought came to - her tnat perhaps Philip had adopted this very, course for tho sake of driving her to desperate measures, so that ho could, have an excuse for a permanent separa tion. She believed that he was oapable of this, for she had always felt quite, sure that he never would havo marriod f Ariey if there had been no fortune to be won with her. She saw, now, that this story about, her making appointments and receiving' money from a gentleman in Madrid, was but a distorted account of the ne gotiations regarding the sale of her . drawings; while, doubtless, his tale about her going away with1 the young" .Englishman had been coloured to her disadvantage, in the same way to fur ther his own ends. • She knew well enough that Ariey would never do anything to compromise' her dignity or purity of oharacter. Oh, if she only knew where to find her, she would have flown to her at once, and oompeiiod her to come home and live with her during the remainder of her life. “Her happiness has been wrecked, and my future must be !a lonely one,” she murmured, with a weary sigh, “but perhaps Ariey and I. could find some thing of comfort in our love for each other. If she will come back, to me we will make a home together somewhere.” Then her thoughts turned to that other story of the shipwreck and “lost baby Ailie,” of which Jane Collins had told her. “It is a clue,” she said, her face lighting, “though how much can be proved by it remains to be seen; hut, darling, we will follow it up—we will ‘ leave no stone unturned.' . Oh, Ariey, Ariey, if it should be true, as I hope, that you belong to a uoble house—that you have a right to a name of which anyone might be proud, how I should: exult for your sake, and also because it would be the very punishment, of ail others, which ought to fall upon that wretch who has so ill-used you.” The carriage' was stopped before, tho Langham, and who should step, forward to assist her to alight but Philip Pat ton himself. .... The warm colour instantly faded from • Lady Elaine’s cheeks; her eyes grew cold and proud, and, without so much as a glance to show that she heeded his presence or his proffered hand, she leaned forward and gave an order to her coachman in a low tone of voice;' then she gave him her hand and de scended from the carriage, and, with a slight bend of her haughty head to Philip, whom she could not quite ignore in the presence of several acquaintances who were standing upon the steps, sho passed quickly into the hotel and up to her own room. (To be continued.) 