jHE CHATEAU OF G0EDENTYD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED BY ELLIS M'ARSTON (Author of "Teresa," &e.;). " , I and my friend, Ilcneage, stood in front „f the massive gateway which gave entrance to the courtyard of the old Flemish chateau, , here he and his family had taken up their abode during the past year. Ilcneage was an old school clium of mine, mid after some jji briefless years at the bar hud fortunate- i come into the possession oi a comioriauic jacome on the death of a relative, and had forthwith migrated with his wife and chil- jtun to the Netherlands. In fulfilment of n long-standing promise, bad conic over to spend Christinas week, and as long afterwards as I could spare vrith them. jhe oddness of my friend's abode had filed my mind with I know not what ideas of feudal grandeur; which ideas suffered a considerable fall when I first beheld the place. I was driven through a large, square piden, up to a pair of ifon-bound gates, and through them into the courtyard, paved vitb uneven round stones. The chateau itself, a plain two-storied building, formed tee sides of a square, the remaining side bag occupied by the chapel. On one side, Mow the chapel, and in the same block otbuildipg, was a goat house and granary, aadon the other, a door with winding steps led down to dens which might he cellars or dungeons, according to the will of the lord of tho chateau. On three sides of the house was a moat, broad and tolerably deep, protected by a high hedge of box. . "You see we are not cramped for room," Bid Iieneago, as lie led me from one room io another-out of the west wing into the iirend.of the east wing. I had counted six ailingrooms, all more or less furnished, but now my friend, throwing open a door, usher ed me into an apartment which was not only unfurnished, but dismantled and ruin ous. It was lofty and of noble proportions, and bad probably been the ballroom. Now the walls were disfigured and smoked, the ceiling black nnd crumbling, and at one end the flooring had rotted, while some of the planks had been removed and lay about. Tie fireplace, which took up nearly the far end oi the room, was suggestive of unlimited hronral hospitality, and couid hold a small family comfortably in its roomy clumsy corners. "You may as well see our means of puii- Hunent," said Heneage, unlocking the door utlie right side of the chapel. He led the way down dark, damp, wind- r. stops, past several doors, which, when . unbolted, showed a deeper darkness within, in indescribable smell of mould and damp- tea came out, and with it a cloud of mos- onitces, which buzzed hungrily about us, or clung to the slimy passage walls. 'There arc three of these caeliet'tes," said Heneage; "I was told they were wine cel lars, but 1 don't fancy putting even wine bodies into them; they would give a musty hate to the finest vintage." A feav steps hirer still, nnd he led mo down to where fie waters of the moat covered the last step. "Ugh!" I said with a shudder, "the place b suggestive of something ruddier than wine. Who knows hut that in times gone by some poor wretches may have been quietly put away .here? The moat is handy end deep enough to cover a multitude of tins." "True," said my friend, "therefore I keep tins passage locked up and the key in my ore pocket, for mv wife is rather nervoUs, ud I have never shown her this portion of oar domain." 'YVe ascended 'the steps, and Dfueage carefully locked the door, and I raglad once more to feel the fresh breezes oi heaven blow about me. Then we went orer tie garden, and to the stables which writ some little distance, and were large ui handsomely built. "I believe the last Baron, Vander Hof, .BYDt in- for. horse dealing," .-said Ucueage, "rhidh accounts for the stables being so wril built, lie tried to improve his deelin- bgiortunes in many ways, and this was the lis, and ft finished liini. He lost every fenny, and went abroad, where it js silp- pwd he coirnnittod suicide; anyway, lie has atver been heard of; and so the estate luiedto a distant relative, who is 'too im- pwerished 'to keep it up, and lets it when ban-Ms daughter lives with us and leaches the children; a nlice girl; you will see her oft dinner. She is some far-distant connection of my wife, whose grandfather ninied a Flemish lady." Thus prepared, I was no/t surprised to see ii able a strange face and figure. Strange ixa-tfoiv the dearest memory that my tut. retains in its Innermost depths. Our party considted of Mr. and Mrs. Heueage, their two eldest children nnd the mr stranger, I say fair advisedly, for never w my eyes light on a sweeter face. I as struck by the singular fragility of her uppearanee; and wondered how she pinaged to hold in cheek 'the riotous spirits U washer fake to teadli. I noticed that though she seemed to be ta terms of friendship with my hos'te, and (trainl)' was treated by 'them witlh every ouriesy, yet she spoke little, and lier face rare a somewhat pensive, almost sad, ex- freson. Try as I might I could not keep rteys from wandering 'to the countenance « my vis-a-vis, nor my earn from drinking a every 'tone of her musical voice. And men, after dinner, she departed into the tasry, a light and fragrance seemed to tare vanished from 'Uhe room. From that 'hour my fate was fixed. I, i confirmed okl bachelor, as my friends oiled me. anrl wim .i i._ ___ J — . tainuj-a UL'Cll CO!l- ,0' 10 a(ail'rG children at a respectful dis- nee, now made perpetual incursions into He nursery on some pretext or other. It was Christmas eve. All the youngster's Wre snugly tucked in bed, and Mr. and Heneage, Clotilda and myself, with bhe two eldest children, sat around the dining- fire> roasting chestnuts, and tolling , "lost gruesome stories we could fimk of. ' "cticed that the governess, although e joined in the conversation, and seemed laterested in tho various stories, looked eU)a'e ant' nervous, and my fears were Roused that her nerves might suffer from lUB tales, winch were sufficiently luntly, especially those told by Heneage. But my fenrs were set nt rest when the foverness said in a break of tho conversa- >®u, I, too, have a curious experience to if you will permit me." Then in p low voice she continued: "My great the old Baron Vander Hof, went wow when I was a little child, and as 'now his friends never, learned what pame of him. It was reported that he Mqomaattcd suicide, but this was never Pr, ' aor was the place of his death or pal ever found. He left my father, his tast.herr, nothing but bis title and this . e' , "'len the time allowed by law had and ''e did not reappear, my bumA m, wore ""owed, and he re: and sfi„We' was Inv fifteenth birthday, dm,; young Riests, invited for the en, had departed, I was sitting in my fin- i , , '"R over the various gifts witu'? E,lt 111 e' when, suddenly, treat unol"5' warning> the figure of my geared. There he stood, in ha v„„n,W,IE' anc an 'd court suit which buvinw „ pally to save himself from WthtenpiT les' 1 was pretty well at J5 yo!l may imagino' but he word- q 5?' ilnd 1 seemed to hear the vhfn!'v„„P; ,v'slt Yu again— look for me hied fmm ls near'; then lie slowly iter's ronJT S'iRht' 1 nlshed to Ken- 1 . m aip told him what I had birth'dav „i,'e E at me, and said the ta nervw 7iDa!?ne had played tl>ieks with to Hut room weVfr' 1 Vould not return ®wths aft ' , pt w'tH my nurse for Btdand for'a"? JThen he ent to nor d;a t "!c a? house was shut tweraeas t„ eii aRa'n till I came as Louise." yur. '"ren, my good cousin y; . 'ru' you have not bad anything to nlnrni >ou, Clotilda, since you have been "With -iin," Mis. Heneage said, anxiously. Nothing," said the girl, smiling bright ly; indeed I had forgotten the apparition until Monsieur Heneage's tales revived the recollection." At midnight wc pnrted, but Heneage and I sat talking over our cigars and whisky. It was between two and three o'clock, when we were startled by a fumbling at the door handle. Then the door opened wide, by the appearance of Mademoiselle Clotilda, in her white nightdress, barefooted, and with her long hair streaming over her shoulders. I was about to rush forward, when Heneage laid a detaining hand on my arm. Do not awake her," he whispered, "it might be fatal." We followed on tiptoe as she went unfal teringly through the rooms in the west wing, then traversed the hall, and entered the first of the rooms in the east wing. The looms were in utter darkness, save for the feeble glimmer of a small bedroom lamp which Heneage. had snatched up and hastily lit, but the fair sleeper made her way safely along, avoiding every obstacle as if she were guided by a sure hand. Into the half ruined ballroom she led us, and paused at length beside the cavernous hole in the flooring whence the rotted boards had been removed. She stooped down and explored the hole,' first with one hand, then with the other. Then she stood up and sighed. Presently she stooped again, and again explored tho dusty hole; but appar ently to no purpose. She rose and sighed deeply, piteously. She raised her hands to her head with r. bewildered gesture. Pre sently, with a melancholy shake of the head, she retraced her steps, we following as before.- She returned as she had come, with assured mien and footstep, went up stairs to her room, and shut the door. Heneage tinned the key in the lock, then pocketed it. "No more ghostly rambles to night, ox; rather this morning, fair ladv," he said. Then h?; went to his own room, but I, too anxious and ex;cited to sleep, resolved to sit up in the diningroom; and Heneage laugh ingly replenished the whisky decanter and opened a fresh box of cigars,, advising me to treat the spirits homceopathically. Like to like, you know, AIoxton, may prove the true course with ghostlv visitants —a pleasant night to you, old fellow." When the door closed on my friend I put more fuel into tho stove, mixed my grog, took a fresh cigar, and thought over mat- ters. During my 10 years' experience as a physician I had met with many cases of abnormal nervous development, especially m >\omcn. ana young girls, and the more delicate the physical organisation the great- er, as a rule, was the nervous derangement. Clotilda was evidently one of those highly oi-ganiscd beings whose nerve centres vibrated at any disturbance of their ordi- mu-y everyday life; tho gruesome stories Heneage had poured forth with so much unction, and her own reminiscences, which had evidently affected her much in the tell ing, had produced their natural effect, and had led to her nocturnal ramble. A bright gleam of sunshine was stealing in at the shutters as I went softly upstairs, pausing a moment at Mademoiselle Clo tilda's door to assure myself that the fair occupant was safely therein.- Silence l'oign- cd, but at last I beard a gentle sigh as of one in a deep and tranquil sleep, and, reas sured, I wont to my room, and slept until the first bell rang. I descended to the breakfast room in respectable time. All the usual company were there except one, and that the one I most longed to see. "What can make Clotilda so late?" said Mrs. Heneage anxiously. With an exclama tion her husband left the room, and I heard him going up the stairs two at a time. Presently the governess entered, pale and distracted. She bowed to all present, mur mured in a low voice something about a happy Christmas, sat down, sipped her coffee and fumbled with a piece of toast. I could see that the poor girl was thoroughly upset, and inwardly I cursed Heneage for his stupidity in forgetting, 'nik he evidently had, to unlock , her ..chamber sdoor. . How ever; she soon brightened Up, (and appeared to throw off the weight that oppressed her. ' 1 The dinner hour at the chateau lind been changed from 7 to 4, that tho juvenile Hen- eages might join the party; a couple of leaves were added to the dinner table, nnd we sat down, a company of 11, to a truly British spread, to which all did justice. Clotilda appeared to liuve thrown off her de pression,- and was the gayest of the gay. She wore, I remembei-, a dress of some black, gauzy material, with little silver stars, over black silk, and had a bunch of holly berries at her neck and in her cluster ing hair. The evening sped on with laugh ter, jest and toast, and it was past'midnight before the party broke up; then Heneage and myself were left as before, with our cigars and toddy, to renew youthful recol- leetio.ns. The events of the previous night had for the moment passed from our minds, and we were in the midst of a roar of laughter over some tale of past years, when the door softly opened, and there before us stood Mademoiselle Clotildn, precisely as she had stood the previous night. As then, she passed swiftly through the room, and out by the further door, we, 'of; course, fol lowing. She led us swiftly to the far ball room, and stooping, explored again the chasm in the rotting boards, but apparent ly without result. Then she raised herself with an expression of grief, perfectly in describable; she shook her head from side to side and moaned piteously. Finally, she turned and went, always with the same swift, noiseless footstep, to the hall door. Here she turned the key, and attempted to draw the bolts; 'the lower one gave way, but the upper one was stiff and almost beyond her reach, and, although she stood on tip- loc, anu straineu an iier powers to uraw a:, it resisted her efforts. She shook her head once more, sadly and hopelessly, and return ed to her bedroom, where once more Hen eage locked her in. When he. I'eturned to the diningroom, my friend looked at me with a lengthened vis age. "This is becoming serious," he said. . "I hope nothing is amiss with the poor girl. What is your opinion, as a medical man, Moreton?" . "Probably some slight nervous dei'ange- ment'," I answered lightly. "If the young lady will permit me, I will order her a course of tonics and cold baths which will soon put her system into proper order." But although I affected carelessness, I was in truth greatly disturbed, for I felt con vinced that some unusual cause was at work, and tli.it my explanation by no means touched the root of the matter. 1 begged Heneage to keep the affair from his wife, and 'to unlock the governess's door betimes in the morning. He promised faith fully 'to obey my injunctions, and then we rot i red to our respective rooms; I, at any rata, not to sleep, but (to ponder long and deeply over the strange visitation that had affected. tlie woman I loved. At breakfast Clotilda appeared, as I had anticipated, pale, troubled distraite; the ghost of tlie bright girl who had been the life of tlie previous evening's gaiety. At my request, Mrs. Heneage broached the subject of her health, and acquainted her with my oilers of professional service, but was met with a gentle but decided re fusal. "I am quite well," said the girl; "but I am always troubled twice in the year; at my birthday and at Christmas time. I have bad dreams, that is all. It will pass, dear Airs. Heneage; do not trouble yourself about me; and if I look rather pale sometimes, I shall soon get my color back again." So Ithere was nothing left for me to do but to wait nnd watch ; and I studied the object of my solicitude patiently and persistently during the day. Night approached again, and Heneage and I resolved to keep watch once more. At my request the hall door \\\'as left unlocked and unbolted, and my friend had the keys of all the outdoor gates anil doors in his pockets. "We had better humor her to-night," 1 said, "and let her lead us wheresoever she will. Take the keys of the outdoor premises with you, Heneage, and I will take a wrap to throw over her in case she awakes." The household, wearied with two late niRhta, had retired to rest somewhat earlier, nnd Heneage and I sat as before over our cigars and whisky. Midnight had passed, and it was on tho stroke of one when the sound for which we had botli been listening came to our ears. There "wns a fumbling, at the door handle, then the door opened, and the barefooted white clad figure ap peared. The blue eyes were wide open, the face pale, set and rigid. As before it led us to the dismantled ball room, and again stooped over the chasm in the flooring. The white frilled arm was thrust in up to the shoulder, then with drawn. After a pause, the other arm was inserted, but withdrawn after an ineffectual search. Then the fair sleeper stood up, sighed deeply, and shook her head despair ingly. After a few seconds, inspired apparently by fresh hope, she made her way to the hall door, opened it, nnd the next moment stood with her bare feet on the stones of the courtyard. I was starting forward to drag her back, hut Ilcneage laid forcible hold on me. \- ",c'k 'lcr Bo," he said, "i:t is the Josser risk of the two." She led us to the door at the right of the great gates, and puused; and, quick as thought, Heneage unlocked and opened the door. I he slim white figure descended the steps that wound downwards to the moat, whose Maters we could now see gleaming in tho frosty moonlight. On she went, and still downward; down past the two doors which Heneage had opened on our first visit there, still down until her feet splashed in the waters of the moat. Then she paused and wavered, made ano ther step forward, apparently missed her footing, and fell with a splash and a loud shriek into the dark and silent water. In a moment I had thrown off my coat and had plunged after her; before she had tunc to sink I caught her by one arm, nnd drew her back to the stops. She was quite insensible; and, wrapping her in tiie thick shawl I had brought, Heneage nnd 1 carried her into the house and laid her on tiie din ingroom couch. I administered some brandy and replenished the fire, while Heneage went to rouse up the sensible lind practical English nurse, the mainstay of the house hold. It was probably owing to the prompt remedies I ordered to be applied that Clotilda escaped with a slight feverish at tack which kqpt her in bed (for a week, and upstairs for another; at the expiration of which time she came down, looking rather pale and fragile to be sure, but lovelier and I have to thank you, Dr. Aloreton, for your kind care of me," she said, coming to wards mo with- eager outstretched hands. I am sure you must be very. clever to have cured me so scton, for I really felt very ill for a few days; and I cannot think how I got so wet." She put her hand to her fore head and her eyes looked troubled. We were alone in this drawingroom, for Heneage had taken his brood for a drive in the waggonette. T'he girl was standing close beside me, her limpid blue eyes looking up to mine. She was so neat and so dear; what could I db but put my arms around her, and holding her closely to me, tell her that I loved and idolised her; and that if she would trust herself to me, no sorrow that I could ward off should ever touch her -The fair head sank 'into my breast, and with a little contented sigh Clotilda mur mured, "And will you reallj' und truly love me, a poor governess ?" "Really and truly, with all my heart , ami soul. To me you are the one woman- on earth. I hold you and will never let you She looked up at me with love shining out of her dewy eyes, und raised her lips for my kiss. From that day Clotilda strengthened and bloomed into rosy beauty; her former ap pearance of extreme fragility disappeared, and though she could never be called ro bust, she yet showed promise of good aver age health and strength. I need not say what happiness it was to mp to make my darlingis happiness, .to/anti cipate her wishes, and surround her with all loving care. And when the day's duties were over, and the youngsters were suugly tucked in bed, what long talks we had of past, present and future, over the school room fire. Only on one subject was I re served; no wheedling on the part of Clotilda would induce me to tell her the events of that night on which her illness commenced; and Heneage was equally reserved. f>o soon as Clotilda was fairly well again, Heneage sent her, his wife and the younger boy off for a week, or two to Dunkirk, whose climate is proverbially mild. I had intended to accompany the party, but at Heneage's re quest I stayed behind nt Goedentyd, promis ing to join them very shortly. "Sorry to spoil your happiness ever so little, old fellow," my friend said, "but there is some mystery here which must be un ravelled. I have been making investigations and have discovered a thing " "Ah! What is it?" "Below the two catchettes which I showed you, und nearly- concealed by the waters of the inoat, which must be '-'higher than in former days, there is a third door, tho lock of which no key in my possession fits. I have had the moat partially drained, so that this door is now fully exposed. I have also sent for a carpenter; he is to be here at noon, nnd then we will investigate this secret den." Although every day that separated me from Clotilda was counted as a day wasted, yet I confess to having felt considerable curiosity as to the result of the proposed search. At 110011, the carpenter, a stolid Fleming, arrived, and with him Heneage and I descended tlie slippery stairs. The lower steps were covered with slime and mud, and there, now fullv in siffht. WilC fllo I third and lowest of the small dungeon doors. The- carpenter, at Heneage's orders, tried to pick the lock, but found after working nt it for some time that the door still held fast- He was then ordered to break it in, and after a few lusty strokes, the rotten wood gave way, nnd by the light of the lanterns we held we could peer into a noisome den, whence issued a foul smell of damp, mould and decay. But there was nothing visible save darkness and gloom. \ "Alynheer had better qome away," said tlie carpenter, shuddering and crossing him self; "there is nothing good to be found there; only bad spirits and cholera." But Heneage only laughed. "I have not tnVon nil this trouble to be foiled at last " lie said; "I am going to make a thorough inspection. Aloreton, will you explore with me?" I answered by entering the cavern, and my friend followed me. The floor was thick with mud; the walls were oozing with damp and slime, and "all foul things that creep and crawl in such places were hurry ing off as fast as tlieir habits permitted from the light shed by our lanterns. All around tlie brick wall of this cachette — which was about 10 feet square and as many in height — was a wide shelf about half way up, and as the light fell on it Heneage touched my arm and pointed to a dark mass in one corner. It was impos sible to tell what it was. It might have been a coal sack, an old carpet, a bunch of rags— anything. Y'et as I looked at it, a strange feeling which I had never experienced before came over me, and I drew back from that dark and uncanny looking mass. "Nervous?" said Heneiige with a laugh, and he pressed forward with his lantern and investigated the heap. "By Iheaven," he muttered; then in a startled tone — "Aloreton, look there!" And turning my eyes' to where he point ed, I saw a skeleton hand and arm bang ing from the shelf— black and ghastly, yet there was no mistaking them. Further investigations revealed the skele ton of a full sized man doubled up on the shelf. He had evidently, when in life, been clad in an old court suit, for some of the gold buttons and rich gold braid still ad hered to the rotten remnants of cloth. Heneage and I rolled the poor wretched remains of humanity -in a thick rug, and consigned them to the waters of the moat; and my friend read over them the English burial service. The door of the cachette, when examined, appeared to be possessed of a spring lock which still held fast. "The poor old beggar must have hid here by day, intending to get away by night; found himself fastened in, and died of star vation," snid Heneage; "though why ho came back is a mystery. That it is old Baron \andenhof I have not the slightest doubt. You may think me a fool, Moreton, but I shall follow this up. Who knows on what strange discoveries we may alight?" The carpenter was again requisitioned, nnd followed us unwillingly to the ball room. Alysterics were not to his taste, and he had apparently had enough of them. But my friend was determined, and poor Teaste had to go down on his knees and commence operations. Board after board came up, and still nothing was revealed but dust, damp and rottenness. "A marc's nest," J muttered. "You'd bettor give it up, Heneage; you'll have the whole place down on us if you pursue your investigations much further." Without answering, Heneage seized the workman's pick, nnd dealt a few vigorous strokes at the crumbling vail. There was a rattle, a rush of falling bricks and mortar, and had my friend not jumped hastily aside he might have carried nway some ugly reminiscences of the day's work. As well as we couid, amid falling stones and rattling mortar, we cleared away the debris, and having revealed a considerable chasm, explored it by the light of our lan terns. It was about 3 feet wide, and so deep that the light showed but dimly what looked like a brass tablet, tarnished and lusted at the bottom. At this juncture tho carpenter struck work, declaring that lie had had enough of mysteries and horrors for one day, and that in fact wo might fiuish the job ourselves. Remonstrance was useless, so Heneage politely told hiin he might go as soon as it suited him; but that ho must leave his bag of tools with us. I lie task was a sufficiently arduous one, and it was not till the short winter's day had closed in upon us that we succeeded 'in bringing our prize to the surface. After herculean efforts we lauded on -terra firma a large, square, brass coffer, engraved "with the arms of the Vander Hof family, and of immense weight. The key had pro- bably gone witlrits owner #to the bottom of the moat; so we were perforce obliged to break the strong hinges before we could ; raise the lid. Then we were rewarded for all our toils. A glitter that dazzled our eyes met us when the heavy lid was turned, back; a glitter that seemed to send flashes into tho dark ened room, and to play around the clinsh like lambent flame. A splendid display of magnificent diamonds. "By Jupiter! the Vander Hof diamonds —lost so long tliait they were -almost disbe lieved in, and have come down to poor Clotilda only as a family tradition. ' I sup pose -old "Vander Hof buried 'thein here be fore he went abroad; and. being pressed for money, returned to possess himself of them. And so hiding in the lowest cellar or prison, or whatever name you give it, he had in- tmidcxl to come here by night and carry qff his treasure. This room lias not heeii inhtibiltcd for yearn, and as you see there us a door which opens on to a bridge over the moat, and of which ho doubtless had the key. 1 had the door fastened up, for the bridge is rotten, and the children would have come to grief there. That is mv theory, Moreton, and if you can give a better explanation of the matter, pray do so." But I was deep in thought of Clotilda, and of the strange subtle influence that must have guided the child to the spot. That she was ignorant of the very existence of the treasure I was certain; for she kept no secrets from me— and now she had been guided by some unseen power almost to the very spot where her own and her father's fortunes were hid. The next day 1 took the team to Ostond, where Clotilda's father was spending his days -in a second rate boarding house. I found a small, vivacious gentleman, dressed with the greatest pre cision in clothes of the newest cut. To him r broke tlie news of his recovered fortune. He heard Ithe (tidings with dignified com- .poiurc, 'though I. observed t'hax during -'the recital his elcglin'My plaited shirt fri.fi heaved 'tumultously, and 'that tlie hand: which held his jewelled snuff box trembled. "What you say, monsieur, does not so much surprise me, because I have always hold Ithe opinion 'that these jewels, which arc of historic fame, could not be lost, and muJt some 'time be restored to us, their righ tful possessors. But I am none the less thankful and indebted to you and Atonsieur Heneage for your part in ithe matter. My Clotilda, my poior child, will now be .-re stored to the position which is hers by right." The ice being thus broken by the mention of 'the befloved name, I was not slow 'to im prove the occasion, and so worked on the old gerri'l email's feelings that with 'tears in his eyes he gave his consent to my suit. Of Clotilda's consent I had, a3 already re lated, fully possessed myself already; and so continued my journey to Dunkirk, wrapped in happy dreams which were more than realised when I once -again hold my beloved in my arms. Is 'there anyone so prosaic 'that he must be plainly (told the sequdl? Of course, I married CMtTldn, and carried her off to Eng land, where in the healthy happy life of our country h-ouse she soon lost 'the fragility of appearance which had so impressed me when I first behelld her, while, in the oare of her boys and gii'ls, she forgot the sorrows of her youth, and I am happy to say never again antomptad nodturnal rambles. But to th'is day she has never heard Ithe truth about the recovery of 'the diamonds, nor of the part she herself played in the matter. She only knows thiaJt about tlie time of our marriage her father Mine into possession of a large sum of m'oney which enabled him, besides giving iier a considerable dower, to restore tlie olu chateau of Goedentyd' to something 'like its original prestige, and 'to keep open house there. 