MURIEL'S ATONEMENT, COMPLETE m mis ISSUE.' by CLARA MULHOLLAND, Author of "A Striking Contrast, " " Kathfeen . Mavournoen," See., &o.; : . w oOrYBIOHT. HAD been fooling far from well for some time. A sharp attack of influenza, followed by a stiU sharper touoh of pneumonia, liad weakened and depressed roe. Change of air and scene, with plenty of variety and amuse ment, was absolutely necessary for me, the doctor declared. If I did not get this soon he feared the oonseqnences. I smiled sodlv. and looked at my mother. " We are not rich, doctor. Hy father oould not afford to take us all away, and to go any where alone would be too dreary." " Host certainly, and not to be thought of for a moment." 4 "Then I must stay at home, take my tonic, and hope for the best." And I heaved a deep sigh, littlo dreaming of the delightful invitation that was even then on its way to me. Hy mother's only sister bftd married a wealthy man without business or profession. They had no children, and as they wore both fond of travel and excitement, had no settled home. They wandered here, there, and everywhere. And often for a year or more, we had no idea whether they were in Europe, India, or America. Eight months had now elapsed, since my aunt had last written, and it was therefore with extreme pleasure that I (the very day after the doctor's visit) received a letter from her, announcing her arrival in London. She and Unole Tom were tired of roaming about, she said, and bad made up their minds to stay in England for the next two or three years at least, and had rented a funiihed Iiouhb i 11 Yorkshire, where they intended to reside hb much as possible. 4 'We are anxious, for once, to spend a happy English Christmas/' she wrote, "and have invited a number of friends to como to us both before, for, and after that time. Wc are to have constant relays of visitors all through the winter. Our first arrive on December 6, so you must meet us on the eeveotli, and travel with us up to Cleevo Hall. I will expect you to .slay all the time, as I must have someone young and pretty to help ine to entertain my guest ana make thing" Sleasant. So bo sure you j!omo without fail, earest Celta. Tell your parents, with my love, that they must do without you for one Christmas. . Your loving V' Aunt Cajiby.m " P.S. — Be sure you bring plenty of tmart frooks, as we shall bo more than guy. I enclose ohrquo to oover all expenses." This was delightful. The very thing j wanted, and most joyfully 1 set to work to prepare for my visit. This, thanks to my aunt's generosity, I was able to do in a magnificent manner, andou the day mentioned by her, I left the roctory with a trousseau the like of which I bad never dreamed it . possible to possess, and with which I was perfectly enchanted. The Journey into Yorkshire was accom plished with ease and comfort ; and my aunt, uaolo, and I arrived at Clceve Hull in excellent time that afternoon. wo looted out eagerly as wo RpproHCbed our new abodo, and as we drove through the old wrought iron gates, up a long avenue, we were filled with admiration. Cleeve Hall stood in the midst of a fine park, and was surrounded upon all sides by noble oaks, tall limes, and atatoly waving firs. It was an irregularly built, but picturesque, mansion of red brick, with large bay windows and wide balconies. The Iwwus were well laid out und planted with such a variety of beautiful evergreouR that even in the dusk of a December afternoon the place did not look as desolate and dreary as one would have expected. Inside, the bouse was luxurious, and wus furnished throughout with such excellent taste that my aunt and unole were delighted. That ovening we dined alone, and as I was weury and tired after my journey and unusual exoitoment I bade "Goodnight" early and retired to bed. My room was a curious one, and my feelings upou catering it wore not altogether agreeable. The bed, which stood in an alcove, was draped with blue silk curtains; the walls were hung with tapestry of quaint design ; a large bow window, vory high from the ground, with a perfoot staircase of stops leading up to it, occupied all one end ; whilst a handsome wardrobe of inlaid satin- wood Ailed up the other. Several candles burned brightly upon the drcsMng-tsble, but their light was not wufitaient to illuminate the distant corner, and I grew somewhat nervous us I peered into their uufathomable depths. 44 Grandeur is not always pleasant," I said wilh a shiver. 44 1 was more comfort able and happy in my own little poorly furnished room at .homo than in this fine chamber." Then, laughing at mjedf for Wng so silly, I hurriedly rondo my preparations for the night, blew out the candleB, and crept into For some time I lay wntching the firelight upon the walls und ceiling, and then a drowsy numbness stole over me, and I fell asleep. But all at once a noise like the tapping or fluttering of a bird against the windows startled me, and I sat up agitated and op pressed. The room was now in complete dftrkness. The fire had died down in the grate ; the window curtains were oloaely drawn. Then suddenly, out of the gloom, sur rounded by a halo of brilliant light, the figure of a young girl, olad in a simple white dross, a bluo ribbon round her waist, came gliding softly aoross the floor, and stood at the foot of my bed, gazing at mo with sad, eweet appealing eyes. I tried to speak to her, but my tongue clovo to the roof of my mouth, and no sound oaroe forth, as I marvelled who she could bo, and how she had entered tho room. The door was shut, the window fast bolted. Bat ns I wondered, her lips purtod, and In a low but distinct voice she whispered, 44 To-morrow you will meet one wbohai suffered muoh. You will know him by bit pale, proud face, and melancholy eyes. I - destroyed his happiness — you must restore it. Be kind— be kind." » I gawd at hor, trembling, and tried to speak ; but ere I oould reply hor form faded, bcoarao shadowy, indistinot, then vanished, leaving the room in darkness as before. I felt siok and faint. A cold perspiration stood upon my brow, and I lay with dilated oyea staring into the gloomy oorners, afraid to move, afraidalmost to breathe— wondering who this strange visitftnt oonld be, and how she had managed to enter my room. Then gradually my terror subsided. It was one of the servants playing a trick, or walking in her sleep, I told myself. She must have entered by the door whilst I slept. To-morrow I would complain to the house keeper—and better stall lock the door— and then I need have no fear. Agitated and excited I tossed from ride to side upon my pillow, the strange words I bad just heard ringing in my em. " It is absurd — I will think of them no longer," I cried. 44 And I shall take good care never to hoar them again. A girl in the habit of sleep-walking should be watohed, and not allowed to wander at will through a house at night. I wished I dared get up follow her. Bht," shivering, 44 1 dare not. I——" And then, at last, utterly worn out, I fall asleep once more. When I next awoke, the morning sun was AMng brightly in at the window. The enriauft km am drawn aside; my haCb filled ; my walking dress laid ready upon a chair. My aunt's maid had evidently been in, but had gone away withont disturbing me. Surprised, that I should have sljapt so soundly arid so long, I sprang up and, dressing hurriedly, ran down to tho dining- room, where I found my auut and undo be ginning breakfast. Aunt Curry and I xpenta pleasant morning wandering over tbn old hous, and many and curious were the things it contained. "'this, how, fo a charming room/ oriori mi auut, leading Ihe way into a smell inner . drawing- room. 14 This I eh all keep as my own particular e&noturu.;" It was a delightful little boudoir, panelled iu white wood, a wide oriel wind-iw. and. a finely-carved ohimtiey-pioce covered with exquisite old china. Over the fireplaoe. framed into the wall, was a very bfuutifulh painted portrait, and I started uud trembled as I met the sad sweet eyes of the girl who bad appeared so strangely at the foot of my bed the night before/1 44 Why, child," said Aunt Carry, "on would think you had seen a ghost. 'I bid pretty portrait seems to alarm and faoinat< you. You look quite pale/' ' "Whoisshe? I gasped. "Does Bbe live bcreP" "Certainly not, and who she is 'I cannot tell you Some daughter of the houe. Bu< we took the place through an agent and know- nothing of the family. Sho looks charming. I think." 14 Yes — very." 44 And this embroidery, Olia— isn't it ex quisite ? And this piece of Sevres f Oh ! 1 roust fetch Tom to look at this." And as mr auut went away to find her husband, I sank upon a chair, my eyes riveted upon the pic- ture. Then hearing my aunt and uncle re turning I escaped upstairs. On the first landing I met Aunt Carry' maid. 4 1 have taken your things into & smaller and pleasanter room, Miss Colin," the said. 44 Your aunt thought the one you riept in last night too big aud gloomy." 44 Ob, thauk you," I cried. And with u , sigh of relief I followed her into a charming daintily .furnished little room, looking out upou the flower garden. 44 1 shall sav nothing of what I saw or dreamt last night/' I deciaed, looking round me with pleasure 44 1 shall be happy bore and sleep peacefully. They might laugh and jeer— perhaps tell the guests as they strive — and;, that I could not, stand. I shall forget the whole thing as fa' hr I can/' At tea time tliut afternoon a merry party gathered together in the old oal» panelled ball, aud 1 was duly presented to the newly arrived visitors. When I hud recovered from my first shy ness, I looked eagerly, anxiously round the room. The company included persons of various ages. There were elderly matron and their husband, young girl, and several unmarried men. But not one corresponded with ' the doNcriptum given to mo by my ghostly visitant. There were dark men and fair — many jovial light-hearted fel lows — and one or two with an air of blase discontent. But nowhere did I see tho 44 pale proud fooo with melancholy eyes." Upon convincing myself of thin, I heaved a sigh of relief, and laughing at my folly in thinking seriously of what must have been a dream, J joined in the lively chatter that was going on around me. That, evening I put on a pretty white silk, with a bunch of scarlet berries at my breast, and ran down to the drawing-room before dinner, feeling well pleased with myself. I was looking quite my host, und reflected with a satisfied smile that at all events my aunt would have no reason to be ashamed of her niece. 44 My dear Celia, you really look charm ing/' was Aunt Carry's greeting asl entered. " Mr. Goring must take you m to dinner, and sec that you are extremely nice to him." 44 Mr. Goring, auntie? Who is ho?" 1 cried in aMtonishmont. No one of that name had, as far as I knew, arrived that afternoon, and I could not think whom she meant. Bui at this moment mv aunt had tn sfctond tn bar duties a hostess, and dropping into the back ground, I stood watching our guests as they came pouring iu, one after the other. But no one appeared whom I had not seen at tea- time, aud I decided that auntie had made a mistake in the nemo, and meant one of tho gentlemen whom I hod already met. Quite satictied with this explanation of hor words, I was talking to a lively young American lately arrived from New York, when I heard my unole say : 44 We are all assembled, Cany. I trust they will not keep ua waiting for dinner." "No.no; it i uot time, dear. And Mr. Goring has not como down yet ; be arrived late." Another guest ! My hands trembled, and I let my fan slip from my fingers. Mr. Barue stooped to piok it up, and I looked quickly towards the door, whioh at that instant opened to admit a tall, spare, and extremely refined-looking man. He hurriod acrots to my aunt, with outstretched hand. "I ain ao sorry, and apologise profusely," lie said in & clear, sweet voice. 44 But my train was late, and I did uot arrive till after the dressing-bell had rung. I truat you have uot waited for ins ?" " Not st all. You arc in excellent time, Mr. Goring," said my aunt, smiling upon him, and from her manner I saw at once that this man was a favourite. 44 Celia, my dear, may I introduoe you to Mr. Goring?" she controlled, drawing me forward. 44 Mr. Goring— my riieoe, Miss Lindo." He bowed, and as I looked up and put my hand in his, my heart stood still, and I trembled and grew cold as death. In the pale, proud face ana handsome, melancltoly eyes of Mr. Gerald Goring I felt sure I saw the man whom the apparition predioted I should meet, and to whom she had begged me to be kind. During dinner Mr. Goring did &ot; prove a lively companion, and it was with & feeling of intense relief that I rose up and followed the other ladies from the room. That night I slept little. I was excited and ill al mba Wh«i T Kni #k. j ... » —WW. II UWM M <UI> Ilia liUUi BUU got into bed I lay open-eyed and breathless, hoping, fearing, dreading that the apparition would again show itself at the foot of my bed. But it came not. 44 Perhaps the room makes a difference," I aid at last. 44 1 hope so." And I fell arieep. Next day I scarcely saw Mr. Goring, as he started esriy for the moon, and it vm too dull and damp for the ladles to join tbeebQot- ing party st luncheon. In the onang be did not sit near me at dinner, and as I watched him snrreptitiouely from the for end of the table, I noticed that he spoke but seldom, and was absorbed and preoccupied. 44 The roan has a sod story, " I reflected. 44 1 wonder what it is ? She said she had de stroyed his happiness, and that I——" 44 You are looking at Goring, I see," re- marked my neighbour, Mr. Barnes. 44 Isn't he a melancholy fellow P I wonder what's the matter?" I started and blushed deeply. J was annoyed to be caught watching one of my aunt s guests, and the man's woids Irritated me. 44 1 guess he's not what one would call a lady's man," he continued. 44 He was quite lively on the moors, but the moment he approached the bouse a cloud seemed to f&U; upon Mm." " At the thoughts of feeing the ladies P" 44 Perhaps. At all events in the house he is silent, depressed ; out ef doors ha is quite good company. Have you known him longP" 44 Only sinoc last night. My uncle and aunt made his acquaintance at Monte Carlo two years ago. They say bo was auite different there." 44 Then it roost bo tbe sir of this old bcuse that disagrees with him. Perhaps he has seen a ghost." "A ghost J" I sank back with a Utile my, as before me seemed to rise the shadowy phantom in the white, dinging dress; and the sad wail of her voioe rang unoe more in my ears. 44 1 destroyed his happiness. You matt re store K. Be kind — be kind." 44 You are ill, Miss Lindo. Take a little wine. Tberoom is too hot," cried Mr. Barnes, in modi distress. '4 No, no ; please don't notice me, or attract my aunt's attention. It is rather hot, bnt it is not that. I—1 " "I had no idea vou were so nervous. It was fooHah of me to talk about ghosts, and, of course ife aU itfapspp" . 44 Ob, of course," I cried, recovering my aolf-poBROfluion. "It Was net — bnt see, my "nut is going/' and I sprang gladly to my feet. The next day was one of brilliant sunshine and hard frost ; so were' the three succeeding days, and then tho ice being declared strong enough to boar, the younger members of tho party set off together to enjoy a few hours' stating upon a lake, in a beautiful demesno awn miles away. & Av I seated myself to put on »«iy skates, Mr. Goring suddenly appeared at my side. 44 Allow me, Miss Undo," ho said, smiling. Surprised beyond measure, I gave him my -kates, and I oould scarcely believe my ey«s wlieu he wont down upon one knee before in.), and dpftly fastened the straps. And when lio stood up agaiD and asked me to take a turn with him round tbe lake, I was still more astonished, and very thankful that, having -pent two winters in St. Moritz, I was by no means a poor jierformer. Mr. Goring whs nn excellent skater, and na we skimmed lightly over tho ice, he unbent, ss Ik hsd never done before. He waaadelight- fnl commu)ion, and as I glanced at the clean- nit, handsome features, the pale, clear skin, the short aristocratic lip, knd animated in telligent face, I marvelled more and more at 'he gloom and depression from which he usually suffered. After this, the days fiew by in quick suc cession. Hie fine frosty weather continued, and we spent most of our time on the ico. Visitors oame and went at Cleevo Hall, but Gerald Goring still lingered on amongst us. He talked frequently of going, but was always persuaded to prolong his visit by my aunt and unole, who appeared to have con ceived a strong affection for him. And I ? When he was near I was blissfully happy ; when he wandered from my side and talked or walked with anyone else, I felt various and diesatinfied. When he spoke of tearing us my soul was filled with anguish. His smile was more to me than anything in the world, its very rareness making it the more valuable. So the days wore on, and on Christmas Eve some of my friends and I went off together to decorate the village church. 14 Many hands make light work," and in a abort time our wreaths were hung, our plants and flowers arranged to our satisfaction, and we wandered out of the ohuroh amongst the old moss-erown graves. Presently I dropped behind, and, careless of where I sat, sank down upon the grass breide a pretty white marble monument, and almost uuconsciously I read the short inscrip tion : Cacred io the Memory of Muriel, Aged Nineteen. 44 Poor thing; how young!" I sighed. But perhaps, after all, she was saved from a world of pain." A hand was laid upon my shoulder, and, looking up, I saw Gerald Goring, white and agitated, standing before me. 44 Come away/' lie cried. 44 Oh, como away !" I rose at once and followed him out of the churchyard, and in silence we strolled away across the lonely inooriapd. 44 Miss Lindo," he said after a time, 44 how was it you cuine to sit near that grave?" 4 I cannot tell ; chance, I suppose. I felt tired, and sat down without looking where." 44 A dangerous thing, a most dangerous thing to sit out of doors at this time of year. But do you — have you ever heard that girl's history r" "No; I never saw or heard her name till now." "Ten years ago," ho said, with emotion, "she and 1 were engaged to be married." I started round, and looked with eyes full i if pity into his pale, handsome face, but I made no remark. 4 1 loved Muriel passionately, devotedly," he continued. 44 She was very lovely, a dainty little ihing, with eyes of the purest duo, and hair like spun, gold, growing all «»vor hor pretty head in a myriad oftinyourls. But sho was self-willed, and could not bear to w " ,,ic fuittueai ruing, ner parents were wealthy, and had all her life humoured her smallest whim. Eight months of the year they lived at beautiful Cloeve HhII ; the remaining time. " 44 In Cleeve Hall ? Oh, Mr. Goring, was -ho one of the Leighs P" He bowed bis bend. 44 Mr. Leigh's only child. Sho was killed hy & fall from her horse before my very eyes." 44 How terrible !" 44 Terrible, indeed ! Aud all the more so when one remembers that her death was caused bv her own folly and pervereeness. In fit of childish bravudo she one day insisted upon jumping a fence, which I assured her was dangerously wired upon the fur side. / ' I kii easily clear it, aud I will jump it, she cried, and nway she went. 44 Oh, God !" he murmured, 44 how plainly I see it all — the lovely pouting lips, the defiant poso of tho goldon head as sue flow past me on her uplifted little inure ; then the awful crash — tlic sod hours beside her ae she lay cold and dead upon tbe ground, whilst the groom wont iu soendi of a carriage in which to coiivev her back to the ball -the last days— the fmierul — and n»y heart-broken departure from the old bouse— from which I went vowing never to return/' 4 And yrt you oaine," I whispered through my tears. 4 How you must have suffered !" "Suffered?" he said, turning suddenly and looking straight into my eyes. 44 Yes, at first." He paused abruptly, and, stooping, gathered a piece of heather and placed it in bin buttonhole. 1 met your uncle and aunt abroad, as I dare say they bavo told you, Miss Lindo, and we became fast friends. Tlioy know nothing of iny afcor, so when they took tbe hall, they at once invited me t-o como to theiu. My first inclination w tin to refuse. I hesitated. Some thing drew me to the old place, nnd I came. In the house I was depressed, miserable. Tho thought of Muriel haunted me. I saw her at every turn, and I resolved to go. But go I oouia not. Something compelled mo to stay. Ae the days went on J grew more peaceful, lti tiie open air — with you, talking to you My heart beat tumultuouely, and I dared not raise my eye. 44 1 gradually became happier. A weight seemed lifted from my heart. When you were near I forgot past troubles. I felt able to smile — to laugh. I seemed to grow young again. Old memories faded. Things that used to pain me did so uo more. In tho boudoir hangs Muriel's portrait, and I have looked at it without a pang. I——" "Muriel! Oh, then, it was she," I cried, "who came to me und told roe! I recognised her at once when I saw tbe por- trait." And I stammered out a full descrip tion of the apparition that bad visited mo upon the night of my arrival at Clceve Hall. 44 How marvellous!" he murmured, with ohunging colour and iu an awe-6truck voice. ' Did you see her more than onoe P" "No, only onoe. And I was nervous, over- wrought. The Blue GLaraber is big and gloomy." "Tho room in which they laid her," ho covered his face with hishanaa, 44 at the la6t." 44 It may havo been a dream — a — a fancy 4-No/' be answered, solemnly. 44 You saw sweet Muriel— of that I am convinced. But why did she como— to you ? Did die speak P" 44 Yes," with crimsoned obeeka. She he told mo I should meet you — described you accurately." 44 How strange ! Aod oh, Celia, was that all?" 44 No, »he told me to be kind to you." 44fMy darling, she wished to atone." Ho caught my hands and held them tightly within his own. 4 And y ou have helped her by your kinduess. But, oh ! Celia, cau you love me ? You have heard my story, know how I have suffered, how my happiness was wrecked— can you — will you trust yourself to ine ?" 1 raised my head and taking up shyly into his face. I whispered : 44 Yes, for I love you, and long to see you happy." "My love, mr wife, you shall," he cried ; and drawing tne to hie breast he sealed his promise with a kiss. WjSJIfEt Scientists ay that tbe orange was formerly a berry, and that it has been developing iur over 7,000 yearn. " |f| 