HAUNTED HOUSES. STRANGE STORIES "OF LONDON "GHOSTS." The extraordinary .interest that has been excited in the supposed appearance of a ghost at a window iu Edith Villas, West Kensington, recalls similar though not quite so sensational stories of "'haunted" houses in the metropolis. Some of these ghostly traditions have been spoiled by subsequent discoveries or explanations, others remain in the annals of the unsolved problems of believers in the supernatural. Whether spectres representing the departed or fore casting tragedies to come are or are not within the range of possibility is a matter of opinion. In these days of enlightenment it is deemed-by many as sceptical to say that no man ever saw a ghost as to declare that a particular ghost has been seen in a particular place at a particular time. Scot land^ admittedly the privileged locale of the "haunted house," but London has its legends and its staunch believers in the so to-speak structural supernatural, its broken windowed deserted villas detached and se mi-detached, and moire pretentious residen ces said to be or have been unoccupied for years or generations on account of appa ritions which, however, lacking direct evi dence of their existence, past or present, have sufficed to scare even the most econo mically disposed hduse hunters. Whether such things are or not impossible, it is in teresting to recall traditions which in some cases hold their own, and. in others have been dispelled by the disillusionment of matter-of-fact solutions. The subject can be treated without prejudice. A WEST LONDON" GHOST OF ]SOJ. That infinitely elastic area which the spe culative builder for respectability's sake calls "West Kensington,v including Edith Villas, now the resort of thousands of ghost hunters, has yet another ghost story. In 18U4 the inhabitants of Hammersmith were perturbed by stories of a tall, thin figure in white, which frequented a certain spot near the old Churchyard. Wayfarers 011 foot, by carriage or wagon, avoided the spot for many week®, making inconvenient detours rather than face the spectre. It had been seen not by one but by several. One day a young man, bolder than his fellows, armed himself with a shotgun and waited all night for what, he was convinced was merely a practical joker. At 4 a.m he heard foot steps approaching, then he.saw a white figure advancing, then he raised his gun and imd-and killed an honest labourer clad^ in a white jacket on his way to work. The gunner was tried for murder and acqu'ittcil, and so far as can be ascertained never solved the mystery. KUXSIXGTOX HAUXTED HOUSES. Coming further west "we can find tradi tions in Holland House, which was built in the seventeenth century. Here in one par ticular room more than one inhabitant of the building of more than one generation is said to have confronted the ghost of the first Lord Holland proudly perambulating the chamber bearing his own head-not on a charger, but in his own right hand. And 110 solution of the mystery has ever been attempted-any more than that of another connected with the same habitation. Lady Diana Rich is believed to have, one evening, when she was taking the air in the garden of Holland House, seen a completely attired apparition of herself "as in a looking-glass," just a month before she died of smallpox. This particular district of London is pe culiarly prolific of ghostly tradition. In 1808 liensingtonians through local gossip, and Londoners in general through the news papers, were thrilled by a haunted-house story. Kot a quarter of a mile from Hol land" House, and a few yards from the high road, an elderly lady lived in a small house with" a middle-aged daughter and a young servant. Regularly every Friday night they were annoyed by a rat-tat-tat ou their street door when no one was to be sten outside. The two ladies became so alarmed, and in consequence so upset in health, that some male relatives get to work to solve the mystery. On a certain Friday night they posted a policeman outside the house and themselves in the entrance hall. The rat tat came as usual; tlisy rushed to the door, and found no one near but the policeman, who had heard and seen nothing. Other traps were laid, but all in vain. But one day the servant confessed that she had been the perpetrator oi a practical joke, and had on each occasion escaped down the steps into the kitchen door. IS US DltJVJ-iJ.S' l.EGJ-XDS. Crossing Kensington Carders to the ]'ays water-road, some readers of the "Chron-. icle" may recall a great square house which stood in a garden, unoccupied for many years, just opposite the entrance to Ken sington Palace Gardens, on the site 1105V occupied by some high-rented modern ."mansions."' Its neglected appearancc-the large garden run wild, the discoloured brass door plate, 011 which only the initiated could decipher tile words "Dr. Davidson,'' and the dirty windows- suggested ^ome mysterious story, and many stories of ghosts were told by the drivers of passing busses. As a matter of fact, on tiie death of Dr. Davidson, a well-known West-End medical practitioner of the fifties, the pro perty became involved in Chancery pro ceedings, and iu those days the Chancery system was not so paternal in the interests of a rising generation as it is now. Driving towards the Marble Arch ou a bus three of four years ago one might have heard the driver tell weird tales about a strange looking glass structure on the roof of one of the houses of Hyde Park Gardens, the backs of which face the Park. For many years there was a tradition that this structure contained t'ae coffin of a deceased person whose widow (sometimes widower) desired that it should be as near heaven as possible. The narrators innocently left the Burial Laws out of the question. Enquiries in the neighbourhood have elicited tire information that the little glass house was merely an upward extension of an attic, and was erect ed in order to 'afford a good view of the Crystal Palace and the Surrey Hills, weather permitting. Hard by Hyde Park Gardens, the tenant of a house in Gloucester-terrace, of Oriental nationality, murdered his wife about half a century ago. The murder was committed in a "J'airy grotto" which he had erected on some expansive "leads" at the back of the house. For some time the house could not be let, in consequence, it was said, of the lady's ghost haunting every room. A doctor in the neighbourhood bought the lease and demolished the grotto. House agents_inviftd their clients who thought that No. was the scene df the murder to'satisfy themselves by looting for the grotto that they were mistaken. The house was Ifet at market value, and the "ghost" has never been heard of since. A HAOKTED MANSION. The haunted bouse in Belgrave-square is almost forgotten, although not very long since many a cab driver was told "to take a circuitous route in order that a country cousin might be shown the mysterious man sion. There are various versions as to the origin of the haunting. Some insist that it is the house in which the son of Sir John Barnard, Ald'ennan and M.l\ for London, and a conspicuous figure of Lord Chatham's and Sir Horace Walpole's time, expired four days after lie dreamt that he should die ii) the course of a week. So certain, was he that d'eath was imminent that he-his penu rious habits were proverbial-refused to give his housekeeper the usual payment in advance for his week's, morning chocolate. However this may be, the property, which in ordinary circumstances was worth about £1,000 a year, was for a long time tenant less. Then, says local history, a young couple, anxious to keep up appearances on a very small income, regardless of superstition, took the house at a nominal rent, the short tenancy expiring with the sudden death of the husband in his drawing-room. A religi ous sisterhood taking advantage of tlie situ ation, secured the premises, also at a nomin al rent. Th'ere is 110 trace of these good ladies having seen or beard anything hi the way of a ghost, and when their tenancy ex pired in the ordinary course the house, purged of its gruesome associations, was taken by a gentleman in-whose hands it recovered its original good name, and pro bably trebled its value. The above are the particulars, so far as th-ey can now be ascer tained, of a few of the well- known London ghost stories. There are, doubtless, many others of equally if not more 'thrilling in terest.. \- Daily Chronicle." 