DISTRICT MATCH. LAVEKTON V. MOKGAIFS. High winds and very boisterous weather awaited the Laverton footballers, who arrived here "about midday on all kinds of vehicles on wheels, accompanied by a few (very few) of the fair sex, and long before the appointed hour for the commencement ©f the game, a large crowd of ladies and gentlemen had assembled on the Reserve to witness the muchtalked-of match between the two teams. The male portion of the spectators were dressed to kill; and as for the ladies—well, everybody knows how the Mt. Morgans ladies can muster on ;n occasion like yesterday. The bright colours worn by the dear creatures, and the silvery ripple5 of laughter which, born} on the wings off tlie wind, saluted one's eirs as the enclosure was reached would have cured the very worst case of hypochondria, in existence. The Mt. Morgans Brass Band, nnder the able leadership of Bandmaster Richards, was, after parading the town, driven ..to the ground drag, and discoursed excellent unisic throughout tlie proceedings, which was j- much enjoyed by eveiyone present, -j- Another most important feature of the • day's proceed iugs was. _the Hospital-: - Sunday movement, .and during the whole . .afternoon splendidly - dressed ladies, each carrying in .her hands -what looked like a lot of children's coffins, but in reality a black-painted money-box of enormous size, dodged in and out amongst the crowd, and , wouldn't in any case-take 4 ' .No 55 for - an answer. It would just have been as well for every. individual te have > parted up. at once, because thejadies 'were .determined to score,- andt score they did. It was impossible for a man • to keep turning, over a shilling-in his pocket, with one of .those -pleading . faces in front of him. After the bicycle race the preliminaries were soon arranged, and the two eighteens, headed by their respective captains (Trewliella and Fox) were soon at their particular posts, and play commenced in earnest. But the wind, which by this time had increased to the fury of a gale,- had everything its own way, for no sooner did the leathern sphere receive an upward imiu'se than away it went to leeward with the velocity of a rocket. Mr. McKenzie, of Mt. Morgans, performed the duties of central umpire, and the position, of boundary umpire fell to Mr. Scott, and neither of the billets proved a sinecure—not by any means. The game throughout was characterised by some very-rough play ; but, in many cases, this could not be avoided, owing to the wind doing as it. liked with the ball. And although there was much evidence of sterling individual play throughout the game, it was impossible, under the circumstances,, to give any opinion as to the merits of the separate teams. Just as the leathern globe received a kick which turned it inside out time was called, and the scores stood— Mt. Morgans, -5 behinds. Laverton, 1 behind. Laverton had the best of it during the latter part of the game, and more than once had the ball close to the sticks. The visiting team can boast a couple of players who would make their mark —and a big mark, too—in "any football team in the Southern Hemisphere.. The play of Trewhella, Jones, and Maloney was simply superb, and exc?ll6nt play can also be recorded for Langridge, Waylen, Barnes, and McDougall. Then, for Mt. Morgans we had Fox, Ferguson, Malloch, - Hall, G. Martin, Chittock, and Cross, first-class players —everyone. - * ! -- The most friendly feeling was displayed between the tovo teams through-" out the game, and had the' weather been more "favorable a 1 capital game would have resulted. ' ' Between 50 and 60 gentlemen sat'* down to a splendid spriead in Tattersail's big dining-room, about 7 p.m., and let me remark right here that the management acted wisely in selecting Mi-, Casey as chairman at the'b$nquet. Away in the large centres of population, and on occasions of this kind, very often some moneyed old smoothbore, with a tottering intellect, is voted to the chair, and that article of ' furniture generally does the balance of the work. There was, however, a happy exception last night. I don't know much about Mr. Casey except that he is a young roan, and, from what I noticed last night, has got a set of brains which he knows how to use, and that's more than I can say concerning some of the ornaments on the wing in this region. The chairman kept things going right from the jump, and commenced by making the speech of the evening himself, and a formidable list of speeches, toasts, and songs followed each other in quick succession, butowing to want of space I can't deal with them separately. One gentleman visitor, who has been at Blarney Castle more than once in his lifetime, in a very humorous speech proposed " The Ladies," and the party broke up at a late hour after having enjoyed an evening's all- round merriment. I am most happy to be able to place on record the fact that anything approaching drunkenness or rowdyism of any kind was conspicuous by its absence. Host Smith, with a first-class staff to assist him, did all in his power to have his numerous guests well cared for and well bestowed during the evening. But to try to crack him up as a model host after his long sojourn on the northern goldfields as hotel keeper would be simply painting the lily. The Mt. Morg in* lxdies arc entitled""'~ to tli3 thanks of eveiyone in tli3 surrounding district for their splendid effort of yesterday in aid of the local hospital. About 5.30 p.m. the fair collectors handed in their coif—no, money-boxes to the hospital secretary, and-theyr were op-njed in /the presence** of Me srs UE: E.-. AHaiison»~J. Smith," H. G. Eh-ington, and-J. S. Tiv>:!side.s, and I herewith appejid the -names of the fair collector.-, and the-amoutits co'lected by-each; —. • - Mrs. Suleliffe and Miss Hyde ... 9 5 0 .... Miss Mather ... Mrs. Leiriiou •* ' ..V *' 10 : Miss Yonng ... Miss Detrnar ... r. ... 4 13 4" Seal & Co. ... ... .'..J.- , .. v 4, ,4 ltih Miss Dolly Stevenson ' . ' Miss "Ellis - Mrs.- iMossopV boar-ding Jiorise Mrs. Hinton's shop - :.-.. T<nal'. . ... s W m •r. a-'is^r a, 8. 9 4jG' 5 II The above splendid total ijs ; e^:<:lusive of the following donations.:— . 1 Trousers Button ; | r ? _. 1 Broken Penny ......:. . ( 1 Half-penny, dressed m ; £i{i|oil . 3. Needles ~ ... .: •_" / *... Screw. The whistle on the mine; desslaresthe " witching, hour of midnight; ^wiien graveyards yawn and ghosts ?-troop forth." Therefore, let the eurtain fallto slow music. \- • --- - - - 