"NOVJËÇ." CAPTAIN CLOSE. BY CAPTAIN CHARLES KINGK _ », CHAPTER VII.-(Continued). This did not prohibit the men from buy- ing what the Walton servants offered for »ale outside the fence, and if they were BO straitened in circuinstanjes they might he glad to find a market for their surplus produce even among th© Yankee invaders, provided Madam Walton were kept in ignorance of the traffic. She was uncom- promising. No intercourse with, no re- cognition of, the barbarians, waa her rule to kith and kin, and th© few negroes who Btill hung about the crumbling old place repeated her wordß with the fear born of long- continued discipline under her roof and rod in the days of their enforced and unquestioning servitude. These and other items of information as t© his surroundings the young lieutenant had obtained from Sergeant Burns in the course of their evening watch together. He had no other means of studying the situation, and was but one of tho many new and comparatively inexperienced officers thrown upon their own resources at isolated posts among * the States lately in rebellion.' Ñot yet twenty-four hours on duty with his company, ho had boen ordered to proceed with an armed force to the succour of officore of law supposably besieged by a rebellious mob, and now, at midnight, in the hoart of a strange country and far from the heart of ita people he wau commanding o Ulcer of his company and camp, without definite in- structions of any kind and ouly his nativo common sense to guido him. Lambert has since told two women-his wife and his mother-how his thoughts wandered baok to the peaceful old home- stead in tho lar Northland, »nd the teaoh wigs of hiB boyhood days. Ho made a sturdy fight against the feeling of loneli- ness that oppressed him. He wished the wind did not blow so sulkily, in such spiteful, vicious puffs. It seemed as though nature had combined with old Lady Walton to give him ungracious wel- come to this particularly shad/ side of the sunny South. The wind itself was whis- pering sarcastic and withering remarks to him, like those the sergeant repeated as coming from Madam Walton to the de- fenceless captain; and even Burne's sense of subordination could not down his im- pulse to chuckle over some of them. What would Lambert do or say if the prim and starchy dame were to call upon him, as she occasionally had on his superior, driving him at last to the refuge of the nethermost depths of his tent, whencn, as Burns declared, ' the captain couldn't be induced to come out till the old lady wa3 hack inside her own door ' ? The last time he 'tied up Biggs'-a punishment much resorted to in the rough war days and those that closely followed them, especially by thoBe officers who were themselves graduited frc m the ranks or the volunteers-it was for trespass on the Walton place. The fellow had climbed the fence and was pilfering among the old fruit trees when caught by Madam Walton. That wasj bad enough,- but he had been impudent to her, whieh was worse. The men themselves would probably have ducked him in the stream -tho oli, self-respecting soldiers, that is -had the captain not ordered his sum- mary punishment. Lambert was wonder- ing what steps he should take in the interests of discipline, when he finally blew out his candle, determined, if a pos- sible thing to get to sleep. It was j ust a quarter-past twelv« when he wound his watch and stowed it under his rude pil- low. His revolver, the day's purchase, lay, with some matches, close at hand. He had even placed his sword and belt at the foot of his cot. The last thin^ he thought of before closing his eyes was that he would have to get a lantern on the morrow, even if he bought it of Cohen ; but it waa also the last thing he thought of when the morrow came. ' Was it the wind again, whispering ugly t things, or the ghost of Lady Walton, with her acidulated tongue, that roused him, he knew not how many minutes-or hours \- later ? Something was whispering, surely The wind had been doing a good deal of that sort of thing all the night long among the leaves, a good deal of snarling and growling at times, and there was muttered snarling going on around him now. That might be the wind ; but the wind would not trip up over a tent rope and say such blasphemous things about it, evon if it did nearly pull the flimsy structure down. In an instant Lambert was wide awake. ' Who's there P' he challenged, sternly. No answer,-not in words, at least,-but there was sound as of stealthy yet hurried I movement, more straining at the ropes on E the side nearest the captain's tent, and heavy, startled breathing. ' Who's there P' he repeated, reaching for his revolver. ' Answer, or I fire.' Then came a mighty strain, a jerk, a stumble and plunge, the sound as of a heavy fall, followed by instant scramble and a rush of footfalls around the rear of crimp. Lambert was out of bed and into his boots in half a minute; but in his haste he upset the ohair on which laj th© niatohes, and the box went rolling to the floor. Pistol in hand, he darted out into tho night, and found it black as Erebus. Quickly he ran to the first sergeant's tent, but Burna was hard to waken after the long day's work. Once roused, however, he was soon out, lantern in hand, while Lambert hastily dressed, and then to gether they scouted camp. A glance at their tent showed that Riggs and Murphy were still absent. A peep at the watch showed that it was almost two o'clock ; a search around Lambert's tent revealed nothing beyond the fact that the corner peg to which the tent-fly was guyed was torn from the ground, and the soft, sandy soil showed that heavy böot-heels had made their imprint. Then Burns, still lantern-bearing, wont, crouching low around the back of Close's tent, while Lambert, with straining ears, stood stock still an instant in front, then, of a sudden, tore like mad through the rousing camp, out past the dim white canvas of the waggons, out past the startled sentry, up the steep pathway to the hard red road beyond, down which he ran on the wings of the wind till he reached the gateway to the forbidden ground, for a woman's agonised shriek had rung out upon the night, and the sound of blows, of crashing glass, of fierce and desperate struggle, of muttered oaths, of panting, pleading, half-stifled cries, of wild dismay and re- newed screams for help, all came crowd- ing on the ear from the heart of the Walton placo. 