The A.N.A. Sports Dismounting; Prowse's Motor. W. C. Jackson, Winner A.N A. Gold Stakes Starters in the Five-Mile Race. The Exhibition Oval—North Section. The Exhibition Oval—South Section, during A.N,A, Wheel Race, 26th January. Working the Scoring Board. Officials and Visitors. ior, y t" 1 : •' Vi'f • va.i! r witii : ei-n i'' 1 ' II tinport. ST ON ' • canii'i: et us ! • auo lii- (loor OUIl'l H IIy lev betwoi i ingt". crii ii .r h Kni-'l- „lwMi ustial: lie 0:1 : at tli to !>»' . ,. 0f Lord Wolseley, as ',,,',';,)• ed out in the latest '•' his subordinates report intervention, to Lord «tale for War. Such .. u-nveen the civil and •.. iry Wolseley's unlortu- ; t,hu German Emperor, ., i IP in demand for the Transvaal, which will superior adaptability .. them the preference over <intv. In peace time the i'.ijeVp, "ho leave Cape ...,!,' has been a grievance. m lie snapped up by the . "i-u there can be no such Vms after the displays Tfe itf=. It would be unfair the sailor has a wife in ]••!,.ific cable. The United in touch with Honolulu, •he circuit. Over twenty 'Jusrarora plumbed the Zealand to San Francisco, •i* as one may say, provii:,. cable, like the under sea •'iYnd New Zealand. How ..'wp from the giant continent i Whv should it be filtered ,,,-ket match between Darl- . .. ,1 and "the next best" is a .iiiii was pressed for in these .nine of the season. Everybody '» a second Australian cricketing „,.„. t;i;•(• against the eleven who beat Taml v. ' oi.lv wish the match was to be Wc H..V , vei, Sydney comes in for most pood thin- , and deserves them, for she is J to inv The match is to be in aid of the or the Wm-u's Corps, and that makes it still In ^ ilncv they wiU roll up magmhin support of goo^a^e.'Jadnot only the gate, but liU th/litffle-ta^%iftRes, too. other mt'tri'|>"lis his shaped fin alter of the liugvfijens', mnv b this crichct fccoo^r, w ustralian won a bi^,«hcoting r -tfiteh i^WP of I'retona a f«w yeai'P/back, art^tter^ 'he SUCJI—F;:l ri Ik-man ft^d ailintei View with "1 resju'Ci :i man whoxin Ji)ake^iia:ri^e im, v pai'l J'anl. " Are therfemanyJnjchs- •ho can shoot well as you ?" " Plenty," e answer, "and I have often been beaten This ficciii'-'l to surprise Kruger, for he : "Anfl vol your people are all English, I d." It will'surprise Australians, too, to hat the Transvaal President Look a deep t in their cmkei matches in England last and was ten iMy anxious to have them win. was not due to any interest in cricket " says the authority, an English actor. " He ora'nt of the yamc, but it pleased him to his old toes be inn beaten at anything." soldiers are laughing, not without the susof a sneer, at the conduct of our Contingent in packing men back home for trifling .. "Good lor," said one to the writer, " if •nt men about their business like that in the what the deuce would England do for E in a year or two ? Why, man, the officer eke a fighter overboard because he slaps a the eye or gives a bit of back talk doesn't is business. Discipline! Of course there be discipline, mnl the officer that's worth a uy curse maintains it, too, but not by senddiers packing at a time when soldiers are wanted, files" you, do you think the British in barracks, or on troopship, or anywhere a monument of propriety ? Not much. He's man, with a man's failings, and how to he best of him and get the best out of him officers' duty. Sending a man home to his r is a silly business This sounds logical, seems as if of the Australian officeis e they are in e iimiand of " plaster saints." T LADYSSIXTH, with the booming of the guns, is a reminder of the Siege of Lucknow, when Jessie Brown, the servant girl, heard the pipes of the Highlanders. " Diuna ye hear it? It's the slogan ! The Campbells are coming." Unfortunately this is alleged to be one of the mock pearls of history. The yarn is said to be the invention of a French lady journalist. Hollow as Wellington's " Up, Guards, and at 'em!" AT Tallangatta the other day a prisoner was punished for pulling open the lock-up door and walking away. The policeman explained that the loefc-up was a dilapidated log hut, and was talliDg to pieces so rapidly that it was impossible to keep an unwilling prisoner inside. This is as absurd a8 the lock-ups used to be in the earlier days. Ojce atHaddon, near Ballarat, a batch of prisoners wer e accused of breaking out, and loudly declared their innocence. They had not broken out, they said, but merely walked away after the lock-up fell down More recently a man in a southern New South Wales township charged with breaking prison pleaded: "I didn't try to escape, your worship. It was a wet night, and I merely broke out of the lock-up, seeking shelter from the rain. As this prisoner had returned to custody in the morning after the storm was over, the Bench generously excused him. "ARTHUR, dear," said the professor'S young wife, " I do wish you would notemoke cigarettes.' " Why, my dear ?" he replied. " Because you don't know what is in them." "On the contrary, my dear, I am very well informed as to the particulars. Why, for the trifling sum that a cigarette costs you get nicotine, valerian, potash, a little morphia, perhaps, and a quant ity of carbon. She looked up into hie eyes and murmured, " Arthur, dear, it does seem like a bargain, doesn t it?" Then they went out to the Australian Science RE titles to Australians, many stories are told of the cockeureness of gentlemen who never had a ghost of a show of being heard of in Downing-street. The most ridiculous of these stories relates to a suburban Mayor in Sydnoy. Shortly after his attainment to the municipal dignity a visitor chanced to hear members of the family in the next room a d d r e ssing the head as " Sir James." She said to the lady of the house later: "Is it true that your husband has been knighted ? I must congratulate you." The hostess looked confused, and her visitor explained why she had been moved to ask the question. " No, Mr. has not been knighted yet," said the hostess, "but, you see, we all call him Sir James, so that he will be (juite used to it when the honour is conferred upon him." Another Sydneyite wrote u> Lord Carrington when he was Governor in Sydney saying : "If you can get ino a knighthood this year I shall be much obliged. Never mind the expense, send the bill in to me." Unfortunately there were none on sale just then. THE Nicho as Estate, Tpiwak- is about to be ^boppeoT^ and auctioned . in ,-handi/ljHe. Here is -the \ here ^he J$oVtofcnors u^etfVo reside Mr.yLatroty£ASir U. lat^Ojir H\f!aMsly, Sir \DarfuHf ft<d \ Lord irburjgpin) SQge-regal lie neiAJlbgurhood with the fra£i«i£Sa0»rfory of the Duke of Edinburgh. THE shameful pcarcity of water for fire extinction excites indignation in every bosom but that of the Chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works apparently. One would hardly expect Mr. Fitz Gibbon, C M.G. e.nd White Knight, to be outdone in consideration for life and property by a " Weary Willie " from the Varra bank, but such is the case, as witness the story of a Richmond housewife. On New Year's Day a melancholy beat, looking as arid as the Sahara and as dry as a dust storm, called and made a pathetic appeal. He was offered a glass of ice-cool, filtered water, and, after smelling it suspiciously, returned it to the lady, saying, with lofty disapproval: " Madam, ain't you ashamed to waste water in this manner, when there might be a great fire in the city at any moment ?" Then he went thirsty away. AN unusual rescue story comes from a [Murrayeide town. A number of young fellows were camped on the bank of the river for a week's sport. One morning, whilst one of the party was in swimming, a mate noticed that he was in difficulties, and believing him to be drowning, called for the other members of the party, and plunged in to the rescue with his clothes on- The others ran to the bank, and saw him reach the drowning man just as the latter sank. He dived, and presently the two reappeared on the surface, and after a short struggle begaii to make their Way to the shore, otie swimming slowly and bearing the other. When they readied the bank their mates were amazed to gee that the supposed drowning man ha l saved his would-be rescuer. The former had got entangled in a mag, and when his friend freed him the latter was so exhausted by the weight of his clothes that he could not help himself, and so the rescuer was rescued, and each had saved the other's life in one act, so to speak. THEY are telling this yarn about a provincial politician in New South Wales, at one time an exceedingly rabid opponent of woman's rights and female suffrage. He spent his Christmas in Sydney, and one afternoon, when taking things comfortably in a Bailing boat with a party, accidentally fell into the harbour. A young woman of the party, knowing he could not swim, promptly went in after him, and, having secured him, kept his head above water till the boat was brought round, and noth were dragged aboard again. The man was half-full of brine, and the shock left him in a dazed condition, but a little whisky and a few drastic measures soon pulled him together, and then he grasped the hand of his rescuer, and said, with tears in his eyes: " By Jove ! I'll never say a word against woman's rights again if I live to be a hundred." The Finish Seventh Heat, Sheffield Handicap. R. Mutton and Trainer. A Heat in the A.N.A. Mutton following the Dunlop Pace. A Heat in the A.N.A. Wheel Race. A Start—Sheffield Handicap. Talma, J. Roberts, Winner of the A.N.A. Wheel Race. photo. 