With Number Three. No. II.— BY BUDYARD KIPLING. Synopsis of Article I.:—Number Three—the hard-working Red Cross Hospital train ' jackalling ' behind the army—starts trooi Capetown on her six hundred mile journey to pick up the • fighting men oroke' in the great advance of Lord Koberts' aimy to Bloemfontein. Through the toilsome Hex' River passes, along a line eternally guarded by disgusted watchers, all wanting to be at the front, Number Thiee pants on to De Aar. * After De jaar time-tables ceased. We were cut adrift on the Saragasso sea ot accumulated rolling stock between that place and the Orange iiiver. Here the rumours begin.' There has been a killing—a big killing—the fiist satisfactory killing— at Faardeberg, up the Modder. Roberts held tJroDje in & ring of fire ourning day and night. That was none of our concern. We had some news that many wounded waited jfor us at the Modder —thirty officers, at least, and twice as many men—all more or less bad cases. Here and there oje could catch the name of a dead man, and the sister's lips tightened. Was So-and-so alive ? Well, he was a week ago—some one had seen him. And Such-anotber ? Oh, Such; another had been fcuried a week back. Could if umber Three go ahead? Oh, yes; but there was a block at the Mo&der;, and Kimterley was sending down a train full. Number Three whistled madiy. Her business was 10 gtt up, load, and get away again. Belmont, with the bulletholes through the station name-board, interested her not, nor Gratjpan either. She bad been that road too often hot •a the heels of the very fight itself. JShe checked despairingly, fifth in. a line of long trams on the red smear of Modder i'lain. The old bridge, wrecked by the Boers, was HOW all but repaired. At present Number Three would go over tne trestle, but as to when Number Three would get across authority could not say, and whistling was just waste of eteam. Merciful tain had laid the dust which normally lies ten inches thick, and one could look all across the brick-red land. By this time you probably know more about Modder than I; will have seen a hundred photographs of the naked, coverless plain that tilts to the thin line of trees and the dirty little river; lifting again northwards, as a wave of the Atlantic lifts, towards Shooter^ Hill, where the naval gun played. North of this, again, a bluish lump in the morning light rises Magersfontein. At that precise moment— but the camp fills and empties as swiftly as the river—most of our men were out with Roberts nearly thirty miles to. the westward. Vast empty acreages showed where their accommodation had stood. Men, horses and wheels had wiped out every" trace of herbage, and the^immiflfeiag perspective of their patient single files attested how far afield the camp-oxen must go to graze. Horsemen by twos and threes wandered forth attacking interminable distances in which tbey were swalio*e£ up. Sidings solid with tracks spurred left and right across the plain, and the tracks On the main line backed up to the very shoulders of the resetters repairing the bridge. Number Three fought her way inch by inch, and was met by a little knot of army sisters. In civilisation their uniform is hideous, but out here one sees the use of the square^cut vermilion cape. . Everything else is -dustcolored, so a man. doesn't ask where a sister may be. She leaps ; to -the eye across all the camp. -And where are our wounded?' asked Namber Three. 'Still coming in from Paardeberg They're being dressed. You'll get tbem later. Where are your spare doctors ?' We had come up with six surgeons taken, from the big Wynberg and Rondesbosch hospitals, where .for months they had lived on a promise of work at the front. They were not R.A.M.O. men, but house-f-urgeons fresh from the home hospitals, youDg, enthusiastic, and happy though their baggage had been cut down to the. thirty-five pound scale, and they had not the ghost of a notion where they were going. They were'uncarted like, stags on Modder platform, gazed awhile, met a man in authority, and were swiftly commandeered. Two or three lay dead or wounded across the plains, and it was a hot preBs for the medical service. Half a mile across the plaiD, behind the graves of the Highland Brigade, lay the hospital tents, and thither loaded mule and ox wagons were beading. Like Number Three, they had been at the work a weary while. There came no surprise or bewilderment, hardly even any pity to the onlooker, as the big Red Crosses lurched and pitched. This, said the wagons, is J.he custom with the wounded S:ricktn men are gathered as soon as possible, by the bearer compari^p, whose cjsualty list is a heavy one. They are dressed for the first time swifiiy and efficiently; tbey are then put into the '.iltei wagons till they r;ach the hospital that sends them to the rasl. Tue rail takes the bidly wounded to Capetown and the sea that leads so Netley. This is the system, said the wagons, and hear was the system all naked to the glaring disy. Three nights had the wagons been on the road—rained upon, Lhundered over and lightened about—jolted and jeiked, and jarred, but the long and the sboit ot it was that of eight hundred wounded the waggon had lost not one. Would the hospital take delivery please, said the waggoes, and they drew aside to rest; for their cattle were very, very tired. As for Number Three? No, it would not be wise to visit Magersfontein. The tiain might be filled and sent away at any moment. There was an old official ring about thie, and I was not the least surprised that we waited eleven hours time to have gone to Magersfontein and back on ali fours But I am glad I staped by Number 'ihrce: it is early days to make tbat fieid of blood a show place, and—one can collect shells on other beaches when peace comes again. The station was the centre of local society. The staff, including a Gherman Prince, lived across the road in a battered caravanserai wita scores of ponies tied to the verancah. The platform was banked with Red Cress capes, badly needed at Kimberluy, and with mail bags badly needed by the men who came up, fingered them curiously, and slunk away. Business first, mails later. The telegraph office was a small edition of De Aar—hideous y overworked. A knot of sappers came up from the river, where they had been tamping ballast under a new siding. Other sappers with 4 R.P.R.' on their hats followed. Toese last were the details of the Railway Pioneers, skilled mechanicians, and the like, of Johannesburg ; and under the grime of the khaki one met the host of a certain weird dinner given in the Gold Reef City two years ago. One gets used to privates with visiting cards, and it is perfectly natural to discuss bacteriology, West African exploration, and the ethics of publishing, the intricacies of the Bankruptcy Act, and the prospect3 of : the Labour party in Sooth „ Australia with spurred troopers. . 80 it was not disconcerting to meet men of the Chitral siege, once prisoners in the hands of (;mra Khan, old schoolmates, Indian Staff corps men doing duty as' tail-twisters' in the transport, lost acquaintances of ten years ago, side by side with the fellowpassenger of three weeks ago, unrecognisable tc-day under sun-born, hair, and dust. It was only an undress rehearsal for the Day of Judgment. A detail of Army Service men en route for Kimberley spread themselves at ease on their baggage, and chaffed a quartermaster-sergeant who had lost his sword; but by the regulations wasmiserably tied to .the empty scabbard till he could return the thing to store. A knot of excited Life Guards demanded news of French's division. 'Out since Sunday week and no newe. We belong to 'em. We were sick. We want to rejoin. Do you know where he is ?' A colonial suggested that cavalry divisions always suspend operations for a- corporal of horse and two dozen troopers. A gunner driver in a cart pored over a three days' old Cape paper, for there is no news at the Modder. A man with a drawn face came out of nowhere and told a story. His w ife had died at home of iufiuenza: was dead and buried. His people could look after the children, thank God! but it hurt—it hart cruelly. He spoke and vanished., . Half a mile up the line a private of Highlanders was cooking potatoes and semolina together. He was in lack. Had helped '-swipe' a Boer- wagon oveiturned by our shell fire; and picked up the semolina from tbs dust. A knot of officers had made themselves a rude mess-house in a roofless hu% with a blanket for shade. One of them wished to see a sister of Namber Three—to ti 11 her that So-and-so was dead A little gathering moved across the dust to look for the graves of the Highland Brigade. Even now the name, boards are split and blistered, and th e date carries us back a thousand years. And BO it went on, - hour after hour, this profession cf f ces, this tangle of half-caught tales.-Special to 'Daily Mail.' Some of the hospitals in South Africa; says the ' Globe,' are to be provide4 with a luxury that will be much appreciated. Through the gwerositv of the Edison-Pell Phonograph Company, the sick and wounded at> Wynberg, Woodstock, Rondesbo»ch, Niauwpoort, and B oemfontein are to be supplied with phonographs, by means cf which they can communicate viva votebut through the medium of the post— with friends in EDglmd. They will also be able to fit on lo their machines cylinders sent, to tbeui from Kngland. A g-eater luxury for men in hospital could i-carcely be imagined. According to a New Zeiland paper, W. Begbie, who is mentioned in the cable nie->sages in connection with the explosion at Hegbi" and Holimn's e gineering works in J'-h^nnesburg, was boru in firrc.irtow, Otaao. where his fstlier resided for many years before going to S >uth Africa. Mr Begbie, sen., the p^per adds, was a manu fauiuiing jeweller of great mechanical skil. 