. ' vr/v"" / yi TRANSVAAL SECRET- SERVICE. > The Brussels -correspondent of the "Globe" says there has just come into his hands a publication issued at Capetown entitled "A Brief History of the Transvaal Secret Service System." - The revelations purport to come from ,-thc late confidential clerk and private secretary to the general managers .of. tlie " Transvaal Government Bank — De Nationale llauk .van do Zuid Afriluiaiiseiic Repubiiek, Beperkt — and many patticnlai-s ave given ns.to the secret service fund, which -was worked through' that bank, with the names of many of its agents and tlie recipients of "support from the Pretoria Ghost." (These names include those of an English ALP. and newspaper proprietor, a journalist said to he on tlie stall of a London daily newspaper, the manager of a bank in Paris, several consuls and an Irishman in Canada. A list is also given of the subsidised press in London, Berlin, Paris, Pretoriu, Johannesburg, Capetown and Bloemtontein; "A'olks- stern," tlie leading Government organ. Alter explaining the care and strict secrecy with which all financial transactions arc man aged, so tliat anyone doing secret service work gets liis pay through an intermediary ehiiuuel, the writer observes: — "I doubt whether ill any other part of the worid n Rlate's or a country's secret service afiaiis are so ably, cleverly and ingeniously conducted,'.' Although it might be dangerous to accept all the statements in this pamph let without further proof and confirmation, there is much tliat can ho taken as true. Whether the late Prince Bismarck was .re sponsible for Ihe share in the present trouble which is attributed to him it is difficult to say, but it is certain that Dr. Leytls lost u great' supporter when tlie for mer imperial Chancellor of Germany died. .- GERMANY AND THE TRANSVAAL. In 1886 an article appeared in the "Nach- richten" (.Bismarck's organ) dealing with the interests of Germany in Africa. After a lengthy criticism on the defeat of Ger man troops in the Canieroons, the writer referred to the Transvaal as the next, strip of territory likely to fall into the hands of Germany. It hud always been Prince Bis: march's desire -to oust the imperial claims to paramoiintcy in South Africa, backed up by the clever devices and intricate seheines of Dr. Leyds. A striking proof of Germany's attempt, to swamp the Trans vaal with troops, with the ultimate view of destroying British pjiramountey, was the annexation of Damarnlaiid and Namaqua- luiul. A party of German engineers and surveyors landed at Swakopmouth, and a line of railway via -Windhoek and Northern Kalahari to Johannesburg was to he im mediately constructed. But Great Britain frustrated the scheme by annexing Beehu- aiialaiid. AVe are told how private .meet ings used to be held in the board room of the bank at unusual hours of the night. These were attended by 'Dr. Karl Knappe and Herman Aliiitz, tiie two managers ; Dr. Leyds, tlie States Secretary; Victor Schoeimiehl, hank secretary; \V. Venvey,' the responsible head of. the Netherlands Railway; T. AA'. .Beckett,' a leading Pretoria merchant, who supplies the Government stores witli provisions all over the country; J. Boshoff, Treasurer-General; Auditor- General Alarais. Adolf Goertz, and Ed. Lippert, from Johannesburg. These con stituted the com in ii tee, six to form a quo rum.. Often the debates lasted tiff thq small hours. oi the morning.' The dream' of nil. Afrikander republic,. South ' Africa!' minus Brilisli paraiiiouiitey, could not. only be seen in tlie . . corres pondence between .' the . parties), but was a . hope constantly" expressed bv mem bers ol this committee- On one occasion' 1 resident Kruger was present with liis son- lii-lnw, Jail Eloff, and lie said 'that '"Eng land must not be" the' supreme Power in South Africa. I feel .sure that providing we have Germany with us, and the Orange Free Slate, we shall win the day." This statement was .received with such loud cheering that the posse of Zarps stationed . at the Lan'ddrost Court next (loor rushed to" the bank, wondering what had happened. , Secret service agent3 were employed every where to- ! . UNDERMINE BRITISH INFLUENCE. At Lisbon every effort was- made to ob- r"Ii" V01;1- '".flagon Bay- The- expense ot the festivities over the opening of tlie L retoria-Loieiizo Alurques railway in 1895, a'r .,a ,t 0, decorat'ons, were paid for out of the funds of the Transvaal Secret Ser vice. Dr. Leyds approached Lisbon over and over again with a view to get Delagoa Bay ceded to tlie Transvaal, but the Por tuguese authorities kept, the London Con vention wholesomely in view. The suze- raiuty question was the thorn in Hie sido ot Dr. Leyds. He was well aware that such suzerainty existed, and would con tinue to exist, so long as the stripe of green was. mixed with tlie red; white and ulue. Yet -the I ransvaal gloried in the denial of HwC n S1,ortl;: before tl>0 Jameson in load, the German Government made the fhvnnT®v ij n-1 i,e fioer Government' tattee lit lfre\orim Qwn?au rcPrese" GERMANY'S OFFER. Gennany was to- send some 12,000 trained liim "V ? Transvaal, gradually, as im migrants, miners and the like. A large number of experienced military officers Artfftorv8<t ? ?ntfori;' lo.. train the Stoats' Aitilleij, to bmhl forts, ice.., and generally to supervise military affairs. It is said that Hie German Emperor refused to fall in with Bismarck s views respecting South Africa; and acting on tlie advice of fieri: von Buloiv: the J oreign «|UU Colonial .Secretary, he has never yieldcd to Dr. Leyds's wishes. The-. doctor, m u dispatch to Pretoria, referred;' aftev his visit to Berlin in 1898, to the aetioti ? 1 -,i » .'"j nntliorities as a "breach of i i ,;11, . threatened to have his revenge. A short time afterwards a sarcastic article nppeared m the Pretoria journal, "Land en oik. Dut what is Dr. Deyds dointr iu ItsUrGQJC, it asks, "tliat he cannot prevent Delagoa Bay passing under English control? U liy does lie not pay his friend the German Emperor another visit, or invite him . to: dinner, m order to .dissuade him from en-, tenng into ail affiance with Britain? There must be something -rotten in the state of Denmark, and it is high time that the great1 Leyds did something to make matters take a different course. What boots- it that he' struts about Holland and Paris with a gilded suit of clothes and £17,500 in Iris pocket,, if' wo are continually 'to he hedged in until we' awake one line morning and find our nat ural harbor in the hands of the English?" It is said in Brussels that -Leyds has suent' 7o, 000, 000 f. ( £3,000,000) since ho came to' Europe, but or course this includes payw ments tor war material. His hanking ae-' count is kept at Amsterdam. Several of his- clerks nvc away just now on "secret niis-i sioiis, and he himself seems very restless. I think it is certain that we have stopped his communications witli Pretoria, whiclt were undoubtedly accomplished through' Lorenzo -Alurques liy the aid of some for eign consul. The journal "Le Transvaal," which lie is publishing in Europe, does not seem to have much sale, arid there is grow ing up among tlie better class Belgians a strong feeling of sympathy witli England and approval of hc-r policy. Tlie gutter prints still continue, their abuse, but the police are very firm in -suppressing demon- strations, and tlie nnti-Ehglish piece, Hardi, les Boers! had to be withdrawn at the AI- iiambra. Tlie bowlings of the mob do not represent public opinion in Belgium any more than they do in England. 