FUGITIVE NOTES ON WAR MATTERS. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDOX, February 16. A SOCIETY A1IATEUR PERFORMANCE. A most brilliant amateur performance took place this week at Her Majesty's 'Iheatre in aid of the War Fund, and it | was a magnificent financial as well as social success, the proceeds being .£ U.o'jO. The entertainment waa organized by Mrs. Ar- ' thur Pa get, and, with the assistance of I many ladies and gentlemen well known in! society, shr succeeded in giving an even ing's pleasure that lias been the talk of s-iiiart circles ever since. Royalty was very largely represented, the Prince and Prin ces.- of Wales, Princess Victoria, the Duke and Duchess of Connaught, Princess Louise, the Duke cf Cambridge, and Prince and Princess Louia of Battsnburg being prssctit. _ The prices of the 'seats ranged iron- half a guinea to — in some cases — con- siderably over ten guineas for specially favoured places. Programmes were sold at 5s. each, and refreshments were corre spondingly dear. The programme opened | wi:h ''liie. Masque cf Fair Women,''' and these tableaux included 'The Gleaners' latter Milkt.l, 'The Request of Queen Esther to the King' (Gooda'l, E.A.), 'The Meeting of the Duke and Duchess oi Marl bcror.gh after Kamillies' (.Ernest Crofts, H.A.), and 'The Xev.- Beauties: The Misses Gunning in the Mall' (Arthur Hacker, A.K.A.j. Each tableau was shown several times, with slight alterations in the posing. 'The Masque^ oi War and Pe.ire' followed, showing Father Thames on the banks at Windsor, receiving obeis ance from his choral tributaries. Glory, Victory, Mercy, Pity, and Rumour, all ap pe;ired in appropriate and tasteful array, and Viscount Newport rendered same stir ring patriotic lines with good eilect. Miss Muriel Wilson next appeared in the cha racter of Peace, and a grand chorus ended that part of the performance. Then fol lowed a patriotic representation of Great Britain, her Colonies, and Dependencies, Great Britain and Ireland being symbolized by the Countess of Westmoreland. Sir Arthur Sullivan conducted the orchestra in his ongiual music to the scene, the various crack Guards' bands rendering the compo sitions in splendid style. After this came supper at Prince's, ia Piccadilly. The Di rectors.gave the repast as a contribution to the fund, and two guineas a ticket was charged. The performers came in their fancy costumes, and the scene in the bril liantly lighted and magnificent hall was a sight to remember. Flags and martial em blems entertwining flowers and wreaths and festoons cf green made up a gorgeous blend ot bewildering beauty. At the Prince cf Wales's table the fun was real, every body being very merry. The twenty happy guests included some of the ineffable names of England. The other tables entertained parties numbering from eighteen down to four. Lady Violet Brass^y had a party of six. DUE TO THE WAR. Sir Franklin Lushington, tlie well-known Magistrate, was connected by marriage with the iate Lord Tennyson, and it is fitting that he should be a lover of the Muses. I-a the long-ago days ot the Crimea he and his brother published a book of verses. Most cf these have again been placed before the public under the title of 'We.gers of Battle,' the volume being brought up to date by stanzas on recent events, in one of which the poet Magistrate expresses: — Thank3 for valour of daughter nations, happy to press where their mother strives; Eager to aid her, eager to shield her, loyally lending love and. lives. And others conclude: — Hail, Australia! welcome Canada! Greater Britain all round the wave, Fight one fight and carry one banner, plant it firm on tyranny's grave! Weld our kinship into Empire — Empire based en the one true plan, Freemen's rights and freemen's justice broaden ing still between man and man; Honestly wrought for, -fearlessly fought for, spreading o'er land and spread over sea, Empire — born of a siera death-straggle, christened in blocd of the brave and the free. Another of the poems, which runs:— 'Hid the tears of wive9 and mothers, and the prayers of many others, And the cheering of their brothers they are marching to the war. reminds me of an incident in a railway car riage one evening this week. When the train stopped at Leicester on its way to London there was a enmmotic-n on the plat form, and cries of 'Arthur!' 'Where's Arthur?' 'Come along, Arthur!' 'Good- by. Arthur!' till I was forced from my haif-slumber in a quiet corner to witness a painful scene. A soldier got in, and his friends— most of them women— bade him farewell at the carriage window, kissing him in turns, over and over again. 'Don't cry, Arthur!' one would say with a burst of grief that followed the passage opened by the words. Then there was a sound of pas sionate kissing, and Arthur made no pre tence cf hiding his tears. 'You'll come back to us, won't you, dear?' asked an other with that inconsequent Inanity that marks extreme grief, as he thrust his arms out of the carriage window and held lv;r' for a moment. 'Stand Back!' said the guard. The engine whistled, the train began to move, .bearing Arthur away, perhaps for ever, and still two women who remained could not tear themselves- from aim. They clang to the footboard for some yards, and kissing him finally with awful intensity they dropped off and stood on the platform watching the train go out into the black night. Arthur huddled bimse'lf in his cor ner, sobbing. We gave him a cup of tea with as few words and as mucn hardheart ed unconcern as could be shammed at short notice. He took the tea and drank it, pas sing back the cup in silence, and then cried himself to sleep. On reaching London he spoke his thanks. Good luck to him, who ever and wherever he may be. THE SOLDIER'S GliOST. ITere is a nice creepy story for lovers of ghost yarns. A labourer who was a resor vist, left his native 'town in Essex for the front. Ho was an. occasional customer' at the village hostelry, where his face and fomi were quite familiar to the potman. List week this potman was passing one of the room* when he thought he saw somebody seated there. He looked in, and there was the reservist, sitting alone at the table. 'Hullo, Bill, my boy,' says the potman, 'T thought you wuz at the wars. Wait a mi nute; I'll come in and have a pitch.'' He, the potman aforesaid, then threw awav some water he was carrying, and came back to the room. But when he got there the place was all bare, for poor old William had gone. He could not have got out by the door without passing the potman. Now, Bill had a cousin, who was fond of Bill, and he, the cousin, came to the -hotel two days later with a newspaper in his hand. 'What ho!' says the potman, ''how's the war ge'ttin' on?' *'Xot too well,' says the cousin, ''Bill's been killed -at Spron Kop.' 'Then I see his ghost in that there room o' Toosday night!' says the potman, and he told the story. So an evening paper says, and it further remarks that the potman suddenly left the villa je. Which village? Well, the evenir.:: paper1 does not say. It is willing to do- .ill it can to provide matter that the public like to read, but it does not exist for the parpose of answering inquisi tive questions. And it tells the story very well, with much sincerity and several con vincing words, suoh. as 'wraith' and ''mys terious visitor.' A RIVAL OF THE POET LAUREATE. There is a^poet here known as 'Spring Oniora.' His real name is supposed to be Mr. Williams. Aforetime he was a fre quent visitor at the Police Courts to an swer charges preferred against him b. the officers ofcur Lady the Queen. To-day he stands before the world a regenerated man — a brand plucked from the burning, now ready to speak for her against whose peace he has so often offended. He devotes his moments to the kindling of incense at the 31uses' flame. This, omen is slightly off in his scansion, but his heart is right. He recently addressed a poem to the Prince of Wales, which eaid:— ' Bah! liow some creatures in a far-off land Can be so brutal, so unmanned, For the life of me I can't understand; They've raised my ire, I'll vent my spleen, On them, the rogues, to insult my Queen. And this letter went with the lines: — Your Royal Highness— Please be not overmuch surprised at my audacity in forwarding a copy oE liie following verses to 3-ourself and your highly esteemed (beloved by ail) ladv, the Princess of Wales. ... During the Crimean War J were in the Wool wich Divisidn of Royal Marines, and were one of the giiard-of-iionour to your much-beloved father the l'rince Consort, to Her Gracious Majesty the Queen vour royal mother, and to your dear departed sister, who was then with them, at Woolwich during the visit of Victor Emanuel, the King of Sardinia; and 1, knowing how your Koyal Highness must If. deeply affected by the present sad state of aii'airs at the Cape, lave taken this great liberty with a heart full of love, notwithstanding my own past sad career since leaving the service. In order to provoke a smile, and that you might not be swallowed up through overmuch grief, I send you this. Please, your Royal Highness, e.: cua' my impudence and my ignorance. 1 would most willingly die fur you. The bard has received a polite acknowledg ment from the Prince's Private Secretary, and now he is happy. ACTRESSES HELPING TILE CAUSE. The 'unco guid' of New York do not like Mrs. Langtry. The Women's Chris tian Temperance Cnion ser, the police on her amateur barmaids, who were serving tea and refreshments at her bazaar in aid ot the War l-'und. Those guardians of the law were assured that the Act was being infringed by the unlawful sale of intoxi cants. They were much disgusted on find ing nothing but leaves — tea- leaves. The .lovely lily of Jersey is trying to gain ad mission to '.he Professional Women's League, whose membership is largely a make-up of actresses, but advices say the enemy is strongly entrenched against her, and it is improbable tliat she will effect aii entrance. THE SUPPOSED SPIES. The brothers, Miles and Stephen Buck, volunteers who were lately arrested on U transport on suspicion as Boer spies, are defended by their father from the impu tatipn. He says they are true and loyal subjects of ? the Queen— Lancashire lads, who have lived twenty years in South Africa. They were ready to enlist in the South African Light Horse, but he per suaded them to come to England lor the Christmas family gathering. Another mail also vouches lor their loyalty and gooa. faith as soldiers of the Queen. 