ST. FRANCIS XAVIER'S CATHEDRAL. IRISH CORPS CHURCH PARADE. The opening of St* Francis Xavier s Cathedral—which has been closed for re pairs during the last three months-was made the occasion of special services and a Church parade of members of the Irish Corps on Sunday last. The members of the Corps assembled at North-terrace at half-past 10 o'clock, and a large num ber of members of other companies also attended. Headed by the Military Band under Bandmaster Hodder, they marched through King William-street to the Cathedral, the officers in charge being the Hon. Captain J. V. O'Loglilin and Lieutenants Wholohan and Kelly. Other officers present were Sergeant-Major Con nell (staff instructor), and Harman (Medical Corps); Color-Sergeant Savage, A Company; Sergeants Clifford and Shevlin, Artillery. Seats were reserved for the soldiers in the main and the Sacred Heart aisles of the Church, and the attendance in the other portions of the Church was exceedingly large. His Grace the Archbishop occupied the throne, the assistant priest being the Very Bev. Archpriest Nevin. Solemn High Mass was celebrated by the Bev. T. Dolieny, Father Adamson being the dea con, and Father Comes sub-deacon. Fr. Hilary, C.P., preached the sermon, and took for his text: "Babbi, where Dwellest Thou?" (John I. 38.). He said: You must be congratulated in getting back once more to your Cathedral. For, although it is not very remarkable for the exactness of design, or the beauty of its architecture, or the vastness of its proportions; yet, for most of you, its sacred precincts are rich in hallowed and cherished memories. Much of that which goes up to make the great realities of life and eternity has here been enacted. Many a sad sore heart has here been solaced, and many a cloud of ignorance and prejudice dispelled. The Pool of Bethsaida, with its miraculous moving waters, was but typical of the soul-healing and light-giving which in God's own divine quiet way have here silently and surely been wrought since, this Cathedral has been opened. Hence, it is no wonder you are all lit up with the sunshine of gladness at getting back. And all those concerned are indeed to be congratulated on the way in which they have so aptly and so timely saved a tottering edifice from ruin and downfall, and have so propped it up that, for many a year to come it will safely serve as "the House of God and the place where His glory dwelleth." Again, I think you will all admit with me that it is a happy coincidence that tbe^ first Church parade of our new Irish Brigade takes place on the re- opening day of St. Xavier's. For, has not Ireland ever been celebrated for the fidelity of her "Sogarth Aroons," and the heroic courage of her brave military heroes. "Faith and Fatherland," "Truth and Liberty have been, as it were, the red and white corpuscles of that true Irish blood which in many climes and in many times has been so lavishly, so fearlessly, and so heroically shed for the Altar and the Homestead. And if we care, on the one hand, to judge from the many and multiform improvements in the Archdio cese since the advent of our Archbishop, and on the other, the manly military bearing, the robust -Celtic proportions, and the true hearts which throb within the breasts of the soldiers of our new Irish Brigade, then we, who love laith and Fatherland, have reason this morn ing to rejoice and be glad. But on an occasion like this, the re-opening of a Church, our minds are naturally led to think on the answer suggested by the words of my text: "Babbi, where dwellest Thou?" Let the answer which our faith gives us to this question be the subject for our consideration this morning, the dwelling places of Go . God exists. "I believe in God," is the first word of the creed of man s heart and a man's intellect; the fundamental truth of all religions. Natural instinct seems to tell the savage as well as the sage, the scientist as well as the saint, that there is a God above all. The cream of scientific minds, such as Fiato, Aristotle, St. Augustine, St. Thomas Aquinas, Bacon, Locke, Kepler, Newton, Fare, Herschell, Thompson, Faraday, Tait, as well as the conviction of the wandering aboriginal, tell us with St. Paul that "from things visible we are led into a certain, though inadequate knowledge of the invisible Creator." It is, no doubt, possible, as the President of the British Association said recently, for a superficial knowledge to lead fpr a time away from God, put solid, deep , re search makes us find Him again, until, as Herschell says, "the proofs of the existence of God given by the study of things visible are simply overpowering." Yes, truly, from things visible we are led into the knowledge of God. The material universe has four voices ever sounding this ttuth to those who yrould hearken with honest ears. I say with honest ears, for we can in our perverse ness turn a deaf ear even to the voice of God. "Having ears and hearing not." "Eyes and seeing not." We can make ourselves like an owl on a withered branch at noonday, staring at the sun and seeing nothing but darkness. But to those who sincerely seek the truth there are four voiceB in the material world ever telling us there is a God, namely, existence, motion, life, and order. Existence—we are, and we have not come from nothing. Motion—what is in itself immovable must have a motor power to move it. We live—and life must come from life. There is no such thing as spontaneous generation, as Pasteur and Yirchow have proved, and the marvellous order and harmony of the universe, common sense tells us, could never be the offspring of chaotic chancer Thus, existence^ life, motion, and order tell us of God. *" Again, in the spiritual world there are three other voices pro claiming God's existence, namely, the intelligence, the heart, and the will. The intelligence—what are these first principles admitted by all minds, if not the rays of light from the supreme in telligence communicating His own light to the intellect He has made? The heart with its insatiable cravings after its ideal trinity—goodness, beauty, truth —but the natural seeking of the creature for its centre—God the infinite? And the will, with its marvellous power for good or for evil. What, or rather, who, is its ever present helmsman, telling it what is good and what is evil, begetting now remorse, now satisfaction, if not the . voice of the Supreme Legislator proclaim ing His law in the depths of our con science? Ah! yes, men who consider themselves modern scientists and modern thinkers, may, in their vain efforts to account for the first cause of all things call such "the unknown something," "eternal force," "conscious automata," "universal mind," <fcc.j but we know that truth, unclouded by prejudice or the shadows of ignorance, tells us it is the Almighty, 'The Alpha and the Omega, the beginning and the end, who is and who was and who is to come" (Apol. 1-8); tells us that what does not exist of absolute necessity cannot exist with out a proportionate cause; tells us tliere cannot be an infinite series of effects without a first cause, tells us that as an effect must be at least virtually con tained in its cause since nothing can give what it has not got; and as all around us in our fellow beings we see effects which are immaterial, intelligent, per sonal, free, lit up with life and the light of reason, the cause of such cannot be aught but intelligent, personal, and free —the uncreated first cause of all that is —The All Holy God. Yes we believe in God, and this great truth begets the na tural question of our catechism, "Where is God?" Just as those two disciples, seeing Jesus for the first time and en raptured with His divine wisdom and beauty longed to abide with Him, asked Him, saying: "Rabbi, where dwellest Thou?" Well, our holy faith tells us the first dwelling-place of God was God Himself. From all eternity there existed one God in three divine persons—the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. These three having but one and the same divine nature made but one God. This Infinite Divine being self-existing, need ing nothing, having all things in Him self from all eternity dwelt infinitely happy, needing nothing. Outside God was nothingness. But this God was supreme goodness, and as such loved to diffuse Himself, to communicate Himself. Summum bonum est suit diffusivum. So He did at last in time what from all eternity He intended to do, namely, to create. And so, out of nothing, "when all was void and empty," by the fiat of His will came the vast and beautiful and great creation. Modern scientists, with their poor finite intellects, may, in ac counting for creation, go back even to the atoms which formed the nebulous matter out of which they say the sun and stars were made. Yet, when asked how came the atoms with the marvellous force and energy, which developed the vast uni verse, they have to admit with Lang—the created work of the uncreated God. It may have taken millions of years to evolve itself into what we now behold, but millions of millions of ages are less than a moment to Him who is eternal. •Creation, then, gave God another dwell ing place, namely—everywhere. Yes, let it extend millions of hundreds of mil lions of miles, yet through it all, in it all, with it all is -God everywhere, by His presence, His power, and His essence. Travel through all creation, go where you will, you will have to cry out with the Psalmist:—'Whither shall I go from Thy Spirit? or whither shall I flee from Thy face? If I ascend into heaven Thou art there; if I decend into hell Thou art there; if I take my wings early in the morning and dwell in the uttermost parts ot the sea even there also shall Thy hand lead me" (Psalm 138). Thus the material ;/universe gave God another dweTing. But in creation all was not to be material. God, who is Spirit, Love, lrutli, would have what would know Him, love Him, and so He created angels and men. Angels, pure spirits; men, made, up of the angel and the animal. Both angels ana men made like to God, insomuch that they could know—could Iovp and be free. They were created to drink in the knowledge of God for all eternity, and ^ with this knowledge beget that love which would make them find r. jr °®ntre ir) seeing and possessing God. But this required a dwelling where God would show Himself—mani fest His glory in all His power. Hence heaven, the special dwelling place of God where^ He enables His finite images by the aid of the lig'ht of glory, Lumen glorias, to know Him, love Him, possess Him, see Him face to face, and yet live on for ever. Oh, marvellous Home of God. where the ceaseless song of praise goes oh for ever in the sinless, sorrowless realms of bliss, where God shows what a God can do, where there is no need for the sun or stars to shine in it, for the Lamb is the lamp thereof." The smile of Jesus is the sunshine of Heaven. But God was to have another dwelling place—this little placet of ours! Oh. wonder not! I know it is but a grain of sand on the boundless shores of the starry firmament. I .know what astro nomers tell us of the almost infinite vast ness of space. I know the utter in significance of this earth of ours com pared with millions of worlds that stud the heavens; but this I also know, God'R love is greater because it is infinite; and God so loved the world that for us and for our salvation He gave His only be gotten Son. God the Son. equal to His lather, having the same divine nature, assumed human nature with all its weak ness save sin and ignorance, and without mixture or confusion united it to His divine nature, with all its infinite attri outes, in such a way that God, without ceasing^ to be God, becomes man, and man, without ceasing to be man, becomes wonderful condescension! Oh. infinite love! Oh, inscrutable ways of God! Oh, mystery of mysteries. "The glory of the incorruptible God to be changed into the likeness of corruptible man. (Rom. i.) Thus God becoming man, gave Him another dwelling. "And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt amongst us." (St. John.) Thus God. the Mighty 'One, the All Holy, dwelt among us. He would not leave us friend less, or orphans. He would be with us not merely for 33 years, but to the end of time. He would show by a palpable manifest truth that "His delights were to be with the children of men." He would show men that when a God loves He loves with infinite love. How was this to be accomplished? Well, just as the infinite wisdom of God's infinite love contrived a means for God the Son to become man, so did the same wisdom and love, contrive a means by which He would have a permanent dwelling with us to the end of time; and that means was the Blessed Eucharist. The abiding pre sence of Jesus in the tabernacle. In other words, instead of "the glory of the incorruptible God to be changed into the likeness of corruptible man," it would be changed into the appearance of bread and wine. Instead of the helpless infant in the crib or the outcast criminal on the cross, we have Him under the acci dents of bread and wine. It was as easy for God to put Himself under the one as the other. God could put Himself under anything. Hence, wherever the Blessed .Sacrament dwells, God dwells, and as this temple is the* home of the Blessed Sacrament it is the dwelling-place of God. Tee, God would not leave us orphans. He would to the end of time be our victim in the Holjr Mass, our food in Holy Com munion, and our ever abiding lover and faithful friend in the tabernacle. Here you will come for the ■ healing of your souls, for the manna to give you strength for the Word of God to give you light, for the Mass to pay to God your debts, for consolation and counsel in doubts, from the friend in the taber nacle. Here you will bring your chil dren to be baptised, confirmed, married and consecrated. In a word, all that helps in life's battles to make it liveable you will receive here. And why? Be cause it is the home of Jesus. "Babbi where dwellest Thou?" Oh, then' surely you will love it, defend it, adorn it, be proud of it; for it is yours, purely you are not going to leave the home on earth of Jesus in debt, unpaid for, unfinished? Were you at Nazareth 1J centuries ago, and saw the house of Nazareth incomplete, burdened with debt, and Jesus Himself asked you to help Him to pay for His House, what would you do? I leave it to your faith to answer—to the instincts of your generous, noble hearts—would you be afraid that what you would give to Him would be a loss to yourselves? Would you let vile selfishness master you and force your trembling hand to clutch the money like Judas or Ananias and baphira, and keep back what you could give to the God that made you and shed every drop of blood for you? No, no • L am sure you would, on the contrary, cry out: Lord! dear Master! to whom I owe everything, take all I have, and had .™-ore £ would be thine. Give, then, with noble, generous hearts, and God wont be outdone in generosity. The wealth of the world is His. Give, then out for love of Him and His dwelling, so that when death comes, looking back upon to- day's deeds, you will be able to say with David: "I have loved, oh, Lord the beauty of Thy house, and the place where Thy glory dwelleth." The musical portion of the Mass was specially meritorious. Mr. E. Naylor, the choir-master, assembled a very large choir; the Cathedral choir being assisted by St. Patrick s Church choir and some members of St. Ignatius' Church choir, also an orchestra of eight instruments under Signor Setaro, consisting of Signor F. Setaro (first violin), Signor D. Angelo (first violin)^ E. Griffin (second violin), C. H. Goetze (flute), J. S. Watson (cornet), H. Pank (bass violin), H. Sarau (violincello), and J. O'Sullivan (clarionet). Mitterers' 'Kyrie" and "Agnus Dei" were beautifully rendered by the large choir and orchestra, as was also Gounod's "Gloria," "Credo," "Sanctus," and "L-ene dictus." Miss Nellie Morrissey dis played to advantage lier sweet soprano voice in the opening solo of the "Gloria," and Miss Laura Carrig sang with much expression the "Benedictus." At the Offertory Mrs. Siebert sang Sydney p. Hoben's "Ave Maria" with violin obligato by Signor Setaro, with feeling and ex pression, displaying a rich mezzo soprano voice. After the last Gospel the choir sang Zingarelli's "Laudate" with or chestral accompaniment. Mr. J. McDer mot (tenor), Mr. T. McCreanor (tenor), and Mr. W. Hargrave sang their solo and concerted numbers incidental to the Mass with much taste and precision. Mr. McDermot also acquitted himself well in the "Laudate." Miss Nellie O'Sullivan ably officiated at tbe organ. In the evening there was Solemn Vespers and Benediction. At the light ing of the candles Miss Nellie Morrissey sang Leon Caron's "Ave Maria" (with violin obligato by Signor Setaro), with considerable taste and expression. The Universities Catholic Education Board, in its report just issued, gives some interesting partculars regarding the position of Catholics at tbe English Universities. At Oxford Canon Ken nard, M.A., has acted as chaplain to the Catholic students in attendance at the University. The Canon says Mass for the students every Sunday, and afterwards gives a conference on each alternate Sunday to the students in at tendance. Besides this, a series of con ferences were given during the past year. The attendance of the graduates, of whom there are 45 in residence, was most satisfactory. At Cambridge, Father Nolan performs the duties of chaplain. Father Rickabv, S.J.; Father Bacchus, and Father Wilson, O.S.B., were the lecturers. There are 27 Cath olic undergraduates at Cambridge. To place the work on a proper footing about ,£800 a year is wanted. The income at present is slightly over <£600. 