WISE AND OTHERWISE. * BY WIMHERA. Vi,- i°-patnot,c 8Pirit that »s abroad in this fair young country at the presont inomont 1ms even reached the aboriginal stationh. At the last mooting of the Aborigines Board the manager of the |» nginal station at Warangesda wrote' stating that five of tho aboriginal* under "is care had desired him to offer their l&erviceH; to go a.s scouts to South Africa. I I no writer described them as sound young i men and oxcollont horsemon, and felt f, certain that a largo number cpuld be got $ from the other stations. Tho board, how-' / ever, did not give any encouragement to the proposal, and thero is littlo proba bihty of it being carried out, so that the patriotic fervour of the"poor aboriginal will not bo able to lind an outlet in thati direction at any rate. The matrimonial advertisements in tho daily papers occasionally cause some amusement. Iloading them casually one is struck by the number of people con templating matrimony who have means, but who, like Oliver Twist, still clamour j for more. Sometimes tho advertisers are' " very candid, and one this week is parti- J Ieularly so. He is a young man of 32 summers, and would like to correspond! with a "young person." It would be an j advantage if the young person was of I slight build, because he apparently has aj .horror of tho fat, fair, and forty variety, out,above all,she must be an orphan. He ty a decided preference for orphans. «; It is to be sincerely hoped that the supply r of Australian orphans will be equal to , this emergency, and now that this happy } thought has arisen the days of mothers in-law are numbored. The city railway proposals are again to the front, and during the week the Public Works Committee have been hold ; ing an inquiry into the subject. Up to the present we have had an abundance . of schemes and inquiries, but no railway. t Probably tho long delay has boon caused f by the discovery of so many schemes, j, and if we had only had one scheme we | might even now be riding in the railway. j there seems to be an inducement still held out for people to think 'out new I schemes, and so, at tho present rate of B progress, the city railway will bo a very .j,Jong time coming. It will, of course, ^ come some day, but how far that day jj. is off, or whether any of us will ever livo if t° see it, are conundrums. The only f. thing certain about it is that the longer the scheme is put off tho higher will°be the price put on the laud and property Ifbe resumed, and while the scheme is iV being thought out'it would be just as |f'wel1. to bear in mind the advisability of leaving facilities for a future connecting link with North Sydney. Throughout the colony this week people are in the throes of the municipal $ elections, and it speaks well for the in ?ty telligenco of the public generally that a ^very large number of the retiring alder fuien are allowed to resume their barren honors without opposition. In the ab £ sence of anything approaching local | government, many of our 'suburban and I country councils are becoming more and | more useless every year. Their opera tions are hampered in having no fi funds with which to carry out the r multitudinous duties which ,an obliging i legislature keeps putting on their shoul j ders, and in many cases the municipalities | are saddled with debts incurred in unrppro , ductive work, and are yearly drifting to l- the verge of bankruptcy. The average j alderman is an object of pity rather than ?' ridicule, although he has generally to put up with the latter. Ho honestly tries, to the best of his ability, to help his little along,-but durribersomo actsof Parlia ^ehthamperhim, and it isonlyamatterof vhen he retires into private life, regrets and disappointments. The pal governing machinery of this is old, cumborsome, ai\d itlmost able, and we can hope for no (tially better things in a municipal sense tmSl the long-promised measure of ^ local goV'>nment is brought about. When that day comes the real municipal ^progress of the colony will commence, ;»nd the enlarged opportunities and ?powers given to municipal bodies will induce our best men to seek for civic honours. The peculiarity about the despatch of Australian contingents to the seat of war : is that on every occasion that a contin gent is sont thoro are a largo number who may aptly, bo describod as tho disap pointed contingent-those who have, | through forco of circumstances, to remain behind. The fact is again to be noticed in connection with the Bushmen's Con tingent, and in this instance there are cases whore it is, to say tho least, very unfortunate. The total strength of tho contingent will bo 500, and the number of tho disappointed contingent will also run into hundreds. Some of the disap pointed ones are men who hoard tho mother country's call when thoy were in tho way-back country, and came rushing down at consider able inconvenience and expense to offer their services. Pi red with tho patriotic spirit and military ardour they threw up their positions and left for Sydney, nevor dreaming, of course, that they might not be able to pass the tests, or that they would arrive too late. It is announced that the men who are leftover from the Bushmen's Contingent have an opportunity of joining the continuous camp, and will thus have another oppor tunity, if a further contingent is agreed upon in the future, of reaching the front. The discovery has been made during tho week-of still another Sir Roger Tich borne, who is meandering about tho city surrounding our beautiful harbour, with out nny ostensible lawful occupation or lixed place of abode, .fust as witness aftor witness at tho royal commission ap pointed to worry, an inmate of the Parra matta asylum named Creswell was swear ing as to his or her belief that tho lunatic was tho missing Sir lloger, some new evidence was forthcoming from a lady who > was positive that tho lunatic was not Sir Roger, and, moreover, that tho only real and genuine Tichborne was in Sydney. This lady in 1SG9 was a domestic servant in Wool lahni, and while there a new servant man camo. This gentleman did her tho honor to oiler his hand in marriage, an honor she declined, even in tho face of his asser tion that ho was a nobleman's son. Ho had all the marks on him that Tichborne ought to have, and she saw him again in Sydney in 187G, and had apparently just arrived at that stage when she was posi tive about it. Now that this clue has been (obtained it is possible that further in formation may be forthcoming. This ' amorous son of an English nobleman may have proposed to others, in fact, he may bo still proposing and declaring his re lationship to tho .mysterious nobleman. If all those really good- intentioned wit nesses are correct there mu-t have been a special shipment .ofTichbornes to this country in the early days, or it may be that while the genuine Tichborne sont his individuality there were plenty who used it for him, and the result is that matters now seem to grow more complicated daily. I It would appear that tho stone-throw ing mysteries, which were so popular a few years ago, are coming into fashion again. This time the bombardment is reported from Watson's Bay, and the de tails are quite as weird and mysterious as in the case of former sensations of a like nature. Tho house attacked is that of Captain Creer, the master of the pilot steamer Captain Cook, and proceedings opened a few nights ago by a brick bat entering the captain's room, vid the window. Then the windows gradually gave up the ghost as the shower of stones came on regularly every night. Some of the ammunition, weighed fully 21b. Numerous scouts were spread about, but the attacking party could not be found, and no idea could be obtained as to where tho stones came from. A curious inci dent was when the stones arrived about 7 p.m. one evening, when it was quite light, and there were fully 20 people about. Then the stone-throwers carried on their merry game the other night in the presence of a body of Sydney police, theroby showing a contempt for the repre sentatives of law and order that is simply shooking, Tho police wero among the mystified ones, but they have the inevit able clue, also a good collection of brick bats of every description.'; Meanwhile local excitement is at a high' pitch, and it has been suggested that the locality should be fenced in and a charge for admission made, the proceeds to go to the patriotic fund, Judging by appearances thero will bo a very spontaneous responso to tho move ment originated with the object of erect ing a monument to the memory of the late Mr. J. L. Thompson, whose death was recently reported. The good work done by Mr. Thompson in his efforts to advance the agricultural progress of the colony is recognised by all, and it is understood that in tho present movement the whole of tho agricultural societies throughout tho colony are likoly to co operate. Tho value of tho services ren dered by him are almost beyond estima tion, and it is only fitting that tho move ment should be a general one. The agri culturalists of tho colony rccognise that they have lost a good friend, whose place it will be vory difficult to fill. Tho honor of producing the first Aus tralian to bo recommended for the'Vic toria Cross belongs to Singleton, and tho honor has been secured by Trooper Tom Morris, of Singleton, a member of the New South Wales Lancers. During a reconnaissance near Arundel recently, a Parramatta trooper, named Harrison, had his horse shot under him. 'Die fact was not noticed by his comrades, and the troop, having drawn tho onemy's fire, was retreating when Harrison was missed. He was then seen to be only about 400 yards from the advancing Boer riflemen. Trooper Morris turned his hor.se, and dashed back to lii.s comrade in tho face' of a fearful rifle fire, and, hauling Harrison on to his horse, succeeded in making good his escape. Considering the fire, it was a miracle that both of tho men wero not shot. For this net of gallantry Trooper Morris has been recommended for the Victoria Cross, and all who admire British pluck will join in hoping that he may live many years to enjoy the honor. A story is published this week of tho release'of a man named John Bald win, a " life prisoner " in Sing Sing. The man had been condemned to death for murder, but tho sentenco was commuted to im prisonment for life. After serving twenty two years in prison his innocence was proved, and on New Year's Day ho re ceived his pardon. The account of tho release makos very pathetic reading until it is gravely announced that, as ho was leaving, the gapl authorities shook hands, and wished him many happy returns of the day. What they meant may have been very nice, but what they actually said seems to be rather rough on tho poor old fellow. The recent disastrous bush fires in Vic toria have led to the forming of an organization with the object of, making provision for .systematically lighting bush fires. There were, of course, numerous difficulties in tho way of working such an organisation effectively. / Tho Victorian idea arranges that tho funds required for expenses is to bo calculated on an average basis of 2s 6d per thousand acres. The country is to be divided into sections, and firebreaks aro to bo formed by all landholders in a systematic manner. It is to bo hoped that the working of tho or ganisation will be a success. It may be that this means of providing against the ravages of the fiery element is not possible of accomplishment in a vast number of cases in the way-back country, but in cases where the density of popula tion renders it practicable it is certainly worth giving a trial, and if'the thing is worked systematically there is every reason to believe that much loss of stock and property will be prevented by prompt action in preventing such outbreaks from getting beyond control. The latest war news available up to the time of writing shows the situation in South Africa'very little changed, ex cept that the British have been steadily improving their positions, and from all ap pearances we shall soon have news of some determined fighting. There are signs on all hands that the struggle is commencing in earnest, and that the decisive battles of the campaign are about to be fought. During the next few days it is probable that the cables will tell a story of battle on a large scale, and the news will be welcome, in so far as it will break tho trying strain that has been felt of late. The British generals have, in all proba bility, determined upon a, concentrated effort, an$ it is to be hoped tljat next week will show ft much improved state of things, Tho cricket match in aid of the Bush men's Contingent fund, between tho Australian Eleven and tho Rest of Aus tralia, resulted in u win for the former by 151 runs, tho same concluding on Tuesday. The mostimportant aspect of tho match was, of course, from a financial standpoint, and in that respect the match was a success. The amount taken at the gates was about £512, and an additional XI20 was contributed by ground mem bers. It is said that tho New South Wales Cricket Association, undor whose auspices tho match was played, will donate a further sum of £50. No charges were mado by the trusteos of tho ground, and the players gave their services freo. It is estimated that tho total will amount to about £500. Thus tho public had an opportunity to enjoy itself, and at the samo time to help very- materially a most deserving cause. 