THE "FENIAN CONSPIRACY." HOW THE KIAMA GHOST WAS RAISED A CHAPTER OF AUSTRALIAN HISTORY. (Being a reprint from our issue, May 2, 1896 ) Sir Henry Parkes once declared in his place in Parliament that he was "pursued with a sleepless and relentless hostility by the organ of the Irish and Roman Catholic body in New South Wales." In this manner, we suppose, Sir Henry Parkes summed up his own views of our sustained de- nunciation of the infamous "Fenian Conspiracy" proceedings of 1868, and our repeated ex- posures or the "death to the calling of the Ca- tholic clergy" motto — otherwise the anti-Catholic plot— underlying the apparently broad principles of the present Public Education Act of this colony. Now that Sir Henry Parkes is dead [he died on April 27, 1896], we have no desire to make any sort of sensation by publishing "revelations" likely to be damaging to his reputation. All we had to say against him we said fairly and openly while he was alive, and while he had the fullest opportunities to answer us. That being so, we do not think we are leaving ourselves open to a fresh charge of "sleep- less and unrelenting hostility" by reprinting from our files a chapter of history in which the late Sir Henry Parkes and several other public men figured conspicuously. The garbled and misleading ver- sion of "O'Farrell and the Kiama Ghost," pub- lished in last Monday's Evening News, made it a matter of duty on our part to give the correct and unvarnished account. SIR WILLIAM MACLEAY THE "EVENING NEWS: VERSION. First let us quote the Evening News :— "It was during Mr. Parkes's first term of office that Henry James O'Farrell shot his Royal High- ness the Duke of Edinburgh, then on his first visit to Sydney, The event caused a profound sensation throughout the whole of the British dominions. In Australia it produced something like a frenzy of horror, alarm, and indignation. The incident oc- curred at Clontarf on March 12, 1868. The Duke was present at a picnic on behalf of a fund for building a Sailors' Home in Sydney. From a dis- tance of about six feet O'Farrell fired at the Prince with a revolver. The bullet entered a little to the right of the spine, traversing the course of the ribs to the abdomen. The victim of this outrage re- covered, and for the attempted assassination O'Far rell was hanged at Darlinghurst on the 21st of the following month. From this deplorable piece of fanaticism sprang fierce sectarian and racial animosities that long divided different sections of the community, and exercised a powerful influence on the whole current of political life. The action taken in connection with the trial and execu- tion of O'Farrell by the then Colonial Secretary rendered him throughout almost the remainder of his life an object of the bitterest hatred to the culprit's fellow-countrymen and co-religionists. Mr. Parkes always maintained that the Prince's assailant was perfectly sane, and that he was the agent of others in his dastardly act. . . A select committee of the Legislative Assembly had reported adversely to Mr. Parkes at the time of the O'Far- rell case; but the House itself by a large majority rejected the report, and, amid great excitement and enthusiasm, endorsed his actions. When the result was announced, the majority who had voted for the adoption of an amendment moved by Mr. Parkes himself on the original motion, sprang excitedly to their feet, and sang "God Save the Queen." It was 3 o'clock in the morning when the decision of the House was made known, and the cheers inside the Assembly were taken up by a large crowd of Mr. Parkes's admirers outside, who had waited to learn the result. It is not too much to say that the O'Far- rell incident, from the profound effect it exercised upon the public mind, materially influenced the subsequent career of Mr. Parkes." AS CHRONICLED IN THE "FREEMAN." The following, compiled from our own records, appeared in the Freeman's Journal, December 12, 1891, on the occasion of the death of Sir William Macleay:— THE SHOOTING OF THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. It was in connection with the attempted assassi- nation of the Duke of Edinburgh by O'Farrell in- 1863 that Sir William Macleay rendered heroic service to the Irishmen of New South Wales and the whole Catholic community of Australia. Dur- ing that exciting period Sir Henry Parkes and Sir James Martin (himself an Irishman and a Catholic) raised the historic Kiama Ghost, and till exposed in the most shameless conspiracy the colony has ever known, frightened the community into the belief that New South Wales was honeycombed with secret societies of "murderous Fenians." It was given out that Irish Roman Catholic plots against the Government were being carried on by night and by day, and that the wretched O'Farrell was merely one of the cut-throat "Irish ruffians" who were sworn to do all sorts of bloody deeds. Everyone knows these things, and knows, too, how completely the real conspirators— the real plotter - against the peace of the communitv— were exposed and lashed and lacerated by Sir William Macleay, good old William Forster, the eloquent Dalley, and other of our public men who stood against the attempt to set up the sectarian bogie in New South Wales. When Sir Henry Parkes told the Parlia- ment that he had certain knowledge of the exist- ence of a widespread Fenian conspiracy in Sydney, the Government effered £1000 and a free pardon to any of O'Farrell's accomplices. Not one was ever discovered— not even the "boy: who "drew the lots" for the execution of the Prince— and for the best of all reasons, that, except in the diseased ima- gination of the badgered criminal and the wicked one of the arch-plotter Parkes, no conspiracy what- ever existed. The shooting of the Prince was the act of one man— a drunken madman; and though there was little public regret when he was hanged — despite the plea of the Prince himself that his life might be spared — there were many who thought then, as they think now, that the unfortunate crea- ture should have been put in a lunatic asylum. CAUGHT IN HIS OWN TRAP. The wretched O'Farrell had, however, method in his madness, and on one occasion he so com- pletely fooled Sir Henry that the arch-plotter was obliged to slink away in disgrace from the gaol. One day O'Farrell was particularly communicative, and the S. M. Herald reporter outside the cell door got the hint to be careful to take down every word, as it was likely to be a "most important confession, and most damaging to the Irish Roman Catholics of the colony." Sir Henry put a number of questions to the prisoner, and he was rewarded in the following fashion:— Sir Henry: You said something about a great Fenian conspiracy in Sydney ? ? O'Farrell: Yes; but you must not say anything about it just yet. It's a big conspiracy, and some of the principal men of Sydney are mixed up in it! Sir Henry: Of course, I knew all along this con- spiracy was in existence. But tell me, my good man, who are these conspirators and where do they meet? O'Farrell: They meet in Macquarie-street. Sir Henry: Yes; go on. What place in Mac- quarie-street, and who are they ? O'Farrell: This is a great secret, but I may as well tell you. They are members of Parliament, and they meet at Parliament House, Sir Henry (in excitement): Yes; who are they, and who is the leader ? O'Farrell: Let me whisper. The leader is Henry Parkes, and he will be able to tell you the names of the others ! The report of this "important confession" was suppressed, but it got about all the same. MACLEAY AND THE BOGUS CONFES- SIONS. After O'Farrell's execution, Sir Henry Parkes stated that the unfortunate man had made a con- fession which could not be published. The only real confession was one written by O'Farrell him- self, and in connection with it Sir Henry Parkes played a particularly dirty part. The confession expressed' the criminal's sorrow for his act, and declared that he was never, as he had stated, a member of the Fenian organization, that there was not a human being in existence who had the DEAN DWYER slightest idea of the crime that he contemplated but, happily, failed to effect. There was only one man in the world capable of suppressing such a fact as that — the man who at the time, under the pretence of public good, did suppress it. A sealed confession was placed in the hand of the then Colo- nial Secretary, Sir Henry Parkes, and without a word O'Farrell went to his doom. The Govern- ment announced that they had received two impor- tant communications regarding the prisoner, but that, in view of "the new crime" that was envelop- ing the country, secrecy was imperative. But for tunately O'Farrell knew his man. He had fooled the Colonial Secretary, with his Herald reporter behind the scenes, to the top of his bent with his stories of bogus conspirators, and he would baulk him now in death. A second copy of the confes- sion was cortmitted by O'Farrell to a trusted hand (the late Dean Dwyer, Chaplain of Darlinghurst Gaol), and scarcely had the real conspirator an- nounced that the public safety forbade the confes- sion's publication than Sir Wm. Macleay rose in his place in Parliament and made good for ever his claim as a public benefector by publishing both the document and the motive for which it was at- tempted to bee burked. The historic incident in the House, when Sir William Macleay, after calling on Sir Henry Parkes several times to produce O'Far- rell's confession, rose and quietly drew the docu- ment from his own pocket, and as quietly proceeded to read it, will ever be recalled with feelings of grantude and pleasure bv the Irish and Catholic colonists of New South Wales. THE MACLEAY PARLIAMENTARY COM- MITTEE. The staunch Protestant champion of the slan- dered Irish colonists did not rest at exposing the Government plot while public feeling was at the highest point of excitement. When the Parkes Martin Ministry was turned out of office he had a Special Parliamentary Oorutnirtee appointed to report on the whole case, and this committee com pleted the exposure of the real plotters, and fully cleared the Irish Catholic community of the malig- nant charges made against them. The committee was appointed in February, 1869. The report was adopted in committee as follows:— For: Sir John Robertson, Mr. Wiiliam Forster, Sir Saul Samuel, and Mr. C S. Brown. Against: Sir James Martin, Sir Henry Parkes, Mr. Geoffrey Eagar, and Mr. John Stewart. Sir William Macleay, as chairman, gave his casting vote in favour of its adoption. When the matter came before the House a series of resolutions moved by Sir Henry Parkes in con- nection with the report were carried on the follow- ing division : — Ayes 32: Sir Henry Parkes, Sir James Martin, and Messrs. Isaacs, J. Stewart, G. Eagar Winde- yer, John Bowie Wilson. Roberts, Rodd, Lee, Hannell, J. Suttor, Nowlan, Lord, Mate, J. Camp- bell, Oatley, Lackey, Lyons, Dodds, Ryan, Lucas, De Salis, Graham, Tunks, Wisdom, Farnell, Pid- dington, Byrnes. Tighe, Burns, and Walker. Noes 22 (Sir William Macleay's supporters): Sir John Robertson, Sir William Macleay, Sir Saul Samuel, Messrs. William Forster, Josephson, D. Egan, John Sutherland, G. A. Lloyd, Morrice, W. Cummings, Dignam, Cunneen, Phelps, Bell, Terry, Cooper, Gordon, Burdekin, W. Campbell, Thomas Garrett, Hart, and Richard Driver. Sir William Macleay, however, gained all he wished, the report of the Select Committee having the publicity he desired. The report was forwarded to the Home authorities. All About "the Ghost.: The following appeared in this journal on Janu- ary 21, 1893, shortly after the issue of Sir Henry Parkes's book, "Fifty Years in the Making of Australian History." It was published to expose some of the statements in the book. The conviction of O'Farrell was a foregone con- clusion, and his execution was promptly carried out. The culprit being out of the way, Parkes in a most bold and impudent manner began to MANUFACTURE THE KIAMA GHOST, by spreading broadcast hints and surmises as to O'Farrell's crime having been the direct outcome of an organized conspiracy. He had reckoned witnout his host, however, because before his death O'Farrell had somewhat recovered his mental equilibrium and seeing how he had been duped by Parkes into making wild and foolish charges which might be used for bringing innocent people to the gallows, he made a full and frank confession on the eve of his execution, in which he admitted the justness of his sentence, averring that all he had been induced by Parkes to say about the existence of a Fenian conspiracy, and his being the agent of it was false, and that he himself planned to murder the Duke of Edinburgh, and had communicated his in- tention to nobody. This confession, was entrusted to the gaol chaplain (Dean Dwyer, a grandson of Brave Michael Dwyer, the Wicklow Chieftain), who attended O'Farrell in his last moments, and who, after making a copy of it, gave the original one to the gaol authorities. Of course the public dis- closure of the contents of this confession BURST UP PARKES'S PLOT, and he did his best to prevent their publication, and for a time succeeded in making the public believe that O'Farrell was the agent of a Fenian conspiracy. The plotter was soon to be unmasked; not, how- ever, before he had done incalculable mischief. The existence of O'Farrell's confession had leaked out, together with some inkling as to its contents; and consequently on April 21, 1868, Sir (then Mr.) Wil- liam Macleay, from his place in the Legislative As sembly, asked the Colonial Secretary (Sir Henry Parkes) whether he would produce and lay upon the table the dying confession of O'Farrell, who had been executed that morning. This Parkes refused to do. This was in April, and in August of the same year Parkes— who had since relinquished the post Colonial Secretary— went down to address his con- stituents at Kiama, and in the course of his speech definitely RAISED THE "KIAMA GHOST" in the following terms : — "We were told — the police were told in the ordi- nary way of information — long before the Duke qf Edinburgh landed on these shores, that his life would be attempted. . . . I do not hesitate to say here that I have in my possession evidence, which I can produce at any moment, that will satisfy every unbiassed, independent mind in the country that we had just and large grounds for every step of precaution which we, as a Govern- ment, took; and though, perhaps, we, as a Government, might have been content to allow this damning evidence to have remained unknown, still, if we are to be taunted, misrepresented, and vilified by a complete storm of lies, we may, in justification to ourselves, yet see fit to lay this before the world. I have that evi- dence in my possession, and I can produce it at any moment. I can produce evidence attested by affi- davits which leaves no doubt in my mind that not only was the murder of the Prince planned, but that some person who was in the secret and whose fidelity was suspected, was foully murdered before the attack was finally made upon the Prince." These astounding allegations Parkes reiterated, with even greater circumstantiality of detail, in a speech which he delivered before his constituents at Jamberoo, in the following month of October of the same year (1868). In the course of this Jam- beroo harangue, and in allusion to a letter pub- lished in the Press, asking why precautions had not been taken for the protection of the Duke of Edinburgh's life, if the Government knew before hand that his life was menaced. Paikes said:— "The fact was that all practicable precautions were taken. When the Prince landed no less than 500 special constables were sworn in; officers of police were directed to ride in the line of his body on either side throughout the line of procession; and all other precautions were taken that appeared necessary to secure the safety of the illustrious visitor." A DAMNING REFUTATION. Such serious allegations, so precisely formulated and emphatically reiterated, could not be allowed to pass unchallenged. If they were true, society was in peril; if false, the man making them was infamous. Parliament was bound to investigate the matter, and accordingly, on December 15, 1868, Sir William Macleay moved for and obtained a Select Committee. The report of the Committee presented to the House showed that, when called on to give evidence, Sir Henry Parkes could not support one of his public statements. Parkes, under examination, adduced no evidence or documents tending to show that either he or any other member of the Government to which he be- longed had any suspicion of or information con- WILLIAM FORSTER cerning the existence of a Fenian conspiracy, or any foreknowledge of a plot to assassinate the Duke of Edinburgh, although Parkes had had the whole police and detective force, as well as private agents, at work for months under the incentive of high rewards, endeavouring to ferret out evidence of a Fenian plot, of the holding of Fenian meetings, and of the existence of O'Farrell's alleged co-conspira- tors. Concerning the affidavits which Parkes boasted at Kiama and Jamberoo that he could pro- duce at any moment to prove that the Duke's murder was the outcome of a plot, and that one of those concerned in the plot, whose fidelity had been suspected, had been murdered, he did not and could not produce them, because he never had them. All the papers he produced at the inquiry were silly, irrelevant concoctions, trumped up after the event. The 500 sworn specials about whom Parkes spoke so grandiloquently were as great a myth, as monstrous a fabrication, as anything con- ceived in a mendacious mind could possibly be. The report of the Select Committee literally teems with damning refutation against Parkes. It was adopted by Parliament, and the motion adopt- ing it acted upon by the Governor of the day (Lord Belmore) forwarding a copy of it to the Secretary of State for the Colonies in London. Yet in spite of this terrible exposure, which still stands re- corded against him, notwithstanding that he managed by a snatch party vote to have the record expunged, Parkes, after a quarter of a century, has the consummate and callous audacity to resuscitate these exploded charges, and to attempt to resurrect the "Kiama Ghost" by declaring his belief that they are true. O'FARRELL'S MADNESS. The question of O'Farrell's madness can be dis- posed of in a few brief words. In the first place, the conception of his crime and the sensational manner in which he attempted to carry it out, in the midst of thousands of onlookers, pre-supposes madness or weakness of intellect bordering on lunacy. This idea develops almost into a certainty when it is borne in mind that O'Farrell was a con- firmed drunkard, drinking to such excess and with such persistency as to be practically a dipsomaniac. Then again his absurd diary, with its childish and sensational entries, together with the ready way in which he fell into Parkes's snare for revealing a Fenian conspiracy and denouncing conspirators who never existed, constitutes prima facie evidence of insanity. But the question of O'Farrell's state of mind is placed beyond all cavil and shadow of doubt by the evidence adduced at his trial, notably by his sister's from Melbourne, who while testifying to her wretched brother's long-continued habits of intem- perance, admitted that he was always considered half mad, and that there was an hereditary taint of insanity in the family. The probability is that O'Farrell was an hereditary lunatic, because fully twenty years after his execution— not more than six years ago — one of his brothers who twice attempted to assassinate Dr. Goold, the late Catholic Archbi- shop of Melbourne, was found to be insane, and as such has been confined in a lunatic asylum ever since. Yet, in the face of this accumulated testi- mony as to his insanity, Parkes has the cold-blooded effrontery to declare that the unhappy wretch was sane. In this way does Parkes "make Australian history." A SCATHING DENUNCIATION. The following is a portion of a scorching speech delivered by Macleay, in the Legislative Assembly, in March, 1868:— It was a matter of regret that this was not the only occasion on which Mr Henry Parkes had sought at the risk of setting the country by the ears to make political capital for himself. The hon. member had been doing it lately in the most dangerous way that could be adopted — by endeavouring to excite reli- gious dissensions in the country. He said in his crafty way that a large body of our fellow-country- men were inclined to be aggressive and to make attempts at a position in a country in excess of what they ought to have, and the hon. member had excited an anti-Catholic feeling and cry which would, it was to be feared, do a large amount of mischief. [An hon member : If it is stirred up, no doubt it will.] He (Sir William Macleay) could excuse a great deal on the part of a public man seeking to gain support, but the man who would deliberately strive to excite this religious feeling, when nothing of the kind ought to exist, and when all were on terms of the most perfect religious equality, was as bad as an assassin; and he would treat him in the same way as he hoped to see treated in a few days the would-be assassin of the Prince. His conduct was almost worse, because it might be the cause of a larger amount of bloodshed than could have been caused by this man's atrocity. The object and entire aim of the Colonial Secretary for some months past had been to gain a certain kind of political influence by exciting these reli- gious animosities. Did his friends, the extreme Protestant party, who were so bigoted as to be led into a feeling of this kind, suppose the hon. member had any attachment to them? Why, he believed the hon. member was inditterent to one sect as to another. It was simply to gain political capital for himself that he had endeavoured of late to make it supposed that that abominable secret association denominated Fenian- ism was a kind of Catholic conspiracy. The hon. member possessed in his own person much more of the qualities requisite for a Fenian than any Catholic in the country. The Fenian was known to be anti-Catholic, and it was also known that the hon. member was anti-Catholic. The Fenian was anti-Christian, and there was remarkably good reason to believe that the hon. member was anti- Christian. The Fenian was not monarchical, and wished to destroy monarchy ; and although it might be difficult to say how the hon. member stood on this point since he had been in receipt of £2000 a year from the State — as perhaps now he would go so far as to subscribe to the divine right of kings — yet a short- time ago he was as anti- monarchical as any Fenian and more disloyal than the Irish Catholics they abused so much. It was very possible the hon. member might never have shot at a Prince when he was a Chartist at Bir- mingham, but he was associated with these who committed just the same crime. What was that Chartism but kindred to the lot they had heard SIR JOHN ROBERTSON of in Sheffield blowing up saw-grinders and burn- ing workshops? The tremendous loyalty they had heard did not then come well from the hon. member under the circumstances. If the hon. member was loyal he had become so lately, and what Chartist in the world would not become loyal for £2000 a year? These remarks were made because it seemed just as well occasionally to let it be known what their opinions were of those who professed such ardent loyalty under the present peculiar circumstances. The success this former Chartist had achieved from the late attack on the Prince was not, however, likely to be of long duration; the people of the country would come to see that great loyalty might exist without any manifestation of the extreme madness that had been exhibited lately. He (Sir William Macleay) could not understand a country entirely loyal throwing itself into the arms of a Birmingham Chartist, and saying, "We adore you, because the Prince is shot." THE KIAMA GHOST EPITAPH. It was no secret at the time that the crushing re- port of the Macleay Parliamentary Committee on Parkes's bogus "Fenian Conspiracy" in 1869, was drawn up by W. B. Dalley. In the violence of the times Dalley, as a Catholic, had to keep in the back- ground. But he made the shots which were fired by Sir William Macleay. At the time "W. B. D." was a contributor to Sydney Punch, and made the most of his opportunities to hold up Parkes to public ridicule and contempt. In a letter to his old friend, Nicol Stenhouse — a fine, classical scholar — who was a leading solicitor in Sydney, Dalley suggested the publication of a Latin epitaph as a wind-up to the Kiama Ghost business. This was Dalley's suggestion (we copy from his private letter to Stenhouse, which is in our hands). Here Lies All that is left of the KIAMA MYSTERY. A monstrous political fiction, which for eight months was accepted by some weak and many malignant persons for a truth, which terrified peace, banished concord, and destroyed public tran- quillity. Its origin was shameful, its history deplorable, its end infamous. This monument was erected by the two men who alone derived any benefit from the deceased, Henry Pakkes and Sydney Punch. Stenhouse turned the epitaph into Latin, thus :— HIC JACET KIAMANI PRODIGII RELL. CUIUS PER VIII MENSES FRAUS ET AUDACIA SIMPLICES TERRUIT ASTUTIS ET MALIGNIS FICTAE CREDULITATIS OCCASIONEM DEDIT UNI TRIUMPHUM DE CIVIBuS FOeDISSIMUM PRAEBUIT. FUIT ORIGINE INHONESTA SUCCESSU DETESTABILI EXITU IMPUDENTIAE PLENO. DCUUMVIRI QUIBUS SOLIS UNQUAM PROFUIT ENRIC PARKES ET SYD PUNCH ALTER MENTIENDI ALTER RIDENDI ARGUMENTUM AMISSUM MOERENTES HOC MON POSUERUNT. 