HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. WEDNJ3SDAY, NOVEMBEK 21. ins KxceUency Uie Uovernor sent me 1/0:111 Hill down to the AssemUiy early on Wednesday. It is for £930,300. The reading of u petition against the passing of the Snow Bill caused several interjections and considerable amusement. The state ment that the passing o! the measure would "demoralize ])ublic life" greatly tick, led lnembeis, and to another statement Mr. Grainger interjected "That's a lie." (Some body cheered, but the Speaker thought that was not a proper remark, and Mr. Grain ger modified it to "It is not a. true state ment." Mr. Tucker-"Who signs that?" The Speaker-"C. Pioud," (Loud laugh ter.) Mr. Brooker presented a petition signed bv six beneficiaries under the will of the late \V. H. Gray, praying for ^in amend ment in the PatawaJonga Bridge Bill. Mr. (Mrainger read a reply from the savings bank .trustees to his questions, and asked the Treasurer if lie would recommend the trustees to improve the manner of keeping their accounts. Mr. Holder said he had . no power to interfere, but doubtless the trustees in the House would take a note of , the matter. (Mr. Solomon-"The accounts i are lcept on the same lines as those of the Treasury." Laughter. Mr. Grainger-"Very much the same. ) The Premier intimated that he would ask members to begin Thurs day's sitting at 11.30 a.m.. and to be pre pared to sit on Friday, Arrangements are being made for the prorogation to take, place on Thursday of next week, and as members generally-especially country re presentatives-are anxious to be free by Friday, November 30, they will doubtless licartily co-operate so as to make this pos sible. With the passing of the Appropria tion Bill removes all doubt about the pro rogation. Mr. Wood was early in evidence with a request that a select "committee should ba appointed to enquire into the question of public tenders, and his introduction of the fiscal question to his speech brought Mir. Grainger to his feet, and the member fo: Wallaroo delivered a homily on the bene fits of protection. Whi'st lie was speaking Mr. VVood got in a neat retort by askitu Mr. Grainger if protection was the plank of the new federal "liberal" party, of which Mr. Grainger is supposed to be lion, secre tary. Mr. Foster, on behalf of the Govern ment, opposed the request for a select com mittee, and was replvin^ to some assertions made against the supply and tender boaid when he was interrupted by orders of the day. This gave an opportunity for Mr. Car penter to move the second' reading of the Steam Boilers Bill, and after some discus sion this "hardy annual" got into commit tee. and good progress was made before th*i dinner hour. The discussion was then in terrupted. ' Air. Copley resumed the discussion on the finances begun by Mr. Solomon the previous evening, and made running com ments on His Excellency's minute, which he generally agreed with. Mr. Catt congratu lated Mr. Solomon on his able speech, and said the country was greatly indebted ii the leader of the opposition for having brought the subject forward. Mr. Catt, however, having been relieved by the Trea surer's reply had no criticism to offer. Thi Chaiiman of Committees wanted to "get a few words in" about another little matter, b.ut to the amusement of the House the Speaker was inexorable. It was against the standing orders, and "Mr.* Catt knew the standing orders." (Hear, hear, and laugh ter.) Mr. Rounsevell touched deeper deptus, and went into the matter fully, strongly blaming the Treasurer and the Under trea surer for the "unpardonable muddle." So inkiiy errors had been committed in that department that the colleague of Mr. Holder thought it "high time to make radical changes there." Mr. PJayford quoted a political axiom of Lord Kando|pa Churchill's, that it was the duty of the opposition to "oppose" "right or wrong." He felt members of the opposition had exaggerated the position. Why revive the "Brookmaii surplus?" .(Mr. Solomon-Nasty old ghost, isn t it?) Let them bury the old ghost, and forget all "tbout it. (Mr. Solomon-After a fair ver dict.) It was a fair verdict. (Mr. Solomon -Guilty; but don't do it again!) Mr. Playford played the part of the "gentle father," ? He did not even stroke Mr. Hol der with, a feather; he lathered him with softsoap. He appealed to every unpreju diced member who had listened to Mr. Solomon and the Treasurer to 6ay that Mr. Holder'6 reply was "absolutely complete _ and straightforward," and go on, ana BO on, (Mr. Solomon-You -would not have made: that mistake.) He "might" in the same circumstances; but Mr. Piayford had never, been in that position. He exonerated Mr. Holder and Mr. Gill, whom he referred to as an excellent accountant. (Mr. Holder And it is only fair to say.that Mr. Gill did not see His Excellency's minute.) Who' had suffered? .If any one was injured . somebody would have to be whipped.' (Laughter.) But no harm would be done. (Mr. Solomon-Oh, give a straightforward, honest opinion. Was it right or wrong?) Did Mr. Solomon not want forgiveness in this world or the next? (Mr. Solomon Oh, that would be pretty from a pulpit.) Mr. Piayford thought it good "whether from the pulpit or the gutter." Until he has seen the Lieutenant-Governor's minute -which the Treasurer will lay on the table -Mr. Piayford is not prepared to express an opinion on Lord Tennyson's memoran dum. If His Excellency requires to have only true statements put before him in Executive Counoil, Mr. Piayford said Lord Tennyson is right. But if it is that the Governor refuses to act on the advice of the Ministry-seeks to "share their responsibi lity, as Mr. Holder puts it-:then the mem ber for Gumeracha considers him decidedly wrong, and some members cheered.. Mr. Glynn reminded Mr. Piayford of a few little "adjustments" which took place when that member was Treasurer. Mr.' Glynn remembered too much-"little eftorts" to get in all the rents in 1888 re sumed lands in the la»( day of the financial year and letting his successor whistle. (Laughter.) The member for North Ade laide thought it the duty of a Treasurer to personally supervise the accounts of his department. He did not think Mr. Holder had made an adequate reply, and was de serving of censure. Mr. Glynn put the case regarding the position of His Excellency,, and quoted the precedent of Governor Dar ling, of Victoria. A Governor was not-as put by Air. Piayford-the same as Her Mi ;t-sty, as lie was responsible to the Imperial Government, and if he broke the law he had to answer to the home authorities for it. Mr. Glynn was cheered for liis valu able contribution to the discussion, which fizzled out when he sat down. Mr. Grainger succeeded in recommitting the line "destitute asyJum" in the esti mates. There was more in this than met the eye at the moment, and a pretty storm was raised. The member for Wal laroo had some remarks to make concern ing Mr. Lindsay. Other members spoke, but it remained for Mr. Price to drop a match into the gunpowder. His remarks about a lady caused Mj\ Grainger to try and wither Mr. Price with a contemptuous look. The members for Wallaroo and Sturt indulged in a spirited duet, coming close up to the standing orders in their exchange of epithets. The line was subse quently passed without alterations, and the estimates were all over. The House then went into committee o£ ways and means, and within two miuutes the Appropriation Bill was introduced and read a first time.' On tlie motion to suspend the standing orders 'to allow the Bill to pass, Mr. Solo mon protested against the "indecent haste" to close the session before business had been completed. (Premier-You're always barking. Why don't you bite?) Mr. Solo mon-I will bite soon enough. Mr. Holder -Hear, hear. Come on. Mr. Solomon Probably yu'll get it before 24 hours are over your head-and members looked up with interest. The leader of the opposition led a forlorn hope, and after speeches from Messrs. Rounsevell and Copley the stand ing orders were suspended, the Bill read a second time, and taken through committee and passed. The Iron Knob Railway Bill was received from the Council, and the second reading fixed for nest day, after a protest from Mr. Poynton and others and a division. During the small hours of the morning the Fertilizers Bill was further discussed, read a second time, and carried through committee with little or no alteration. It was expected that the House would rise when this had been accomplished, but the Steam Boilers Bill was revived, and against one or two protests was taken through cpm mittee and reported. Members had steam up by this time, and the Patawalonga' Bridge Bill was read a second~~time and passed through committee, with an amend ment in clause 5 to meet an objection by the beneficiaries regarding the maximum cost of the work. The Compulsory Vaccina tion Bill was taken through committee. Ai\ amendment was inserted at the instaocp of Mr. Carpenter, after alteration by MS. Glynn, making it necessary for parents go t.o a little trouble in recording their conscientious objections, QUESTIONS. The Qhief Secretary, to Mr. Poynton-No applications had been receive in response to the advertisement which had been pub lished in the newspapers for a medical offi cer to go to Tarcoola. Another advertise ment had been inserted. The Commissioner of Public Works, to Mr. Coneybeer-It was not true that thera was considerable leakage along the -line of pipes in the Bectaloo area. The Commissioner of Crown Lands to' Mr. McDonald, said that the Go vernment held and worked two mining claims itwo men being employed upon them. In addition to this, there were six men em ployed on the Mount Torrens mine, and two on ground at Mount Grainger that had been withdrawn from the operation of the Mining Act. Boring operations were also being carried on at Ediaeara. FERTILIZERS BILL. Adjourned dtebate on second reading. Mr. HAGUE said that the Government should make the manufacturers responsible for tho passing of adulterated fertilizers, not the mere tradesman who had nothing to do with the adulteration. The restric tions on tile dealer were very hard. Every difficulty thrown upon the dealer was an impediment to the farmer in getting the good, fertilizers he wanted. . Mr. SHANNON said this was legislation by exhaustion with a vengeance. (Hear, hear.) He thought it was very unfair for the Government to try and force the. Bill through at that early hour of the morn ing. The Bill was an important one, be cause the use of fertilizers was going to revolutionize wheatgrowing in South Aus tralia. They could not be utilized with, success, he believed, in districts where the annual rainfall was less than 15 in. The drilling system emanated from Mr. John. Cudmore, a successful farmer of Minlaton, who used fertilizers as far back as 1882. They could make the Bill a good one with time for proper consideration, but he pro tested against tihe Government forcing the measure at 1 o'clock in the morning. Mr. MILLER said the Bill had been care fully considered, and he would vote for the second reading. Mr. CALDWELL believed the Bill ?would give a measure, of protection which none other had given before, and it would receive his support. Mr. ROUNSEVELL would support what he considered to be a deserving and absolutely necessary Bill. . He believed the use of fertilizers in the colony was only in its incipient stage. Mr. CASTINE said the farming commu-1 rity would appreciate the effort" of the Minister of Education in seeing that they were not imposed on with inferior ferti lizers. Second reading carried. Bill taken througkjwinmittee with verbal amendments and tlie addition of the fol lowing new clause:-"The particulars con tained in the certificate delivered to the inspector of fertilizers under section 5 ot the Act may be published in the 'Journal «f Agriculture,' or in such other manner as .the Minister of Agriculture may direct." Bill taken through remaining stages and passed. The House eat on until 2.30 a.m., making short work of some Bills and adjourning others. The net result was a fair clear ance of the notice paper. 