CHI-CHEE. ArtMJOBjT-QF THE RISING IN ■(■ +’'(China; -rnvA- ——' IHi'oiA UieJ-lKindon "Hlustratoa Mttll.”) u. jvpChiyJ$ei,^fenrtee breakee.” • vi',-iissa'^y°u tako-'it, you false-swearing “Chl-Chee never robbee ; people lie lovee," replied the Chinaman, with a smile which threatened to sever his pig "Glve me the money, or I’ll knock your head ofCt” shouted his master, threateningly. ‘‘Killee, lclllee, lclllee Chi-Chee; please klllee Chi-Chee. But I never take the money!” screamed the yellow man In piteous accents, falling ,on hla face upon the'door of the kitchen. ' ' . Mr Cllsson made a gesture of mingled amusement, and disgust,, and went away, leaving Chl-Chee..still kneeling upon the floor waiting for hla death-blow. When the yellow man looked up he scrambled to hla feet with a very dejected air, and looked round him. Satisfied that no one. \va:< watching him, he took off hla ieft slide.and pulled thrye silver coins out of tile toe, smiling In a deprecating sort of way aa lie did so. ■ The next moment a pa!r;o£ strong arms seized-him round'the neck," fairly squeez ing tile breath out of ills wind-pipe, He fell hi a heap, upon the floor and looked up at Mr Cllsson in abject -terror. - But the next moment hlo presence oLmlnd re turned to him. . ' “Foundec money, Mr CUsson/” aald he; with one of his most ostentatious.smlles. . "Get up, you son of a dog,", replied hla master, giving him a nudge with his foot.' •■rou can take the money as your wages, and go." • ■ i ,, , ■ Go! Clil-Cliee go! Leave a place where lie could steal more than lie was paid ? The Idea was more than discon certing,; it had every horror In It. Chl Chee had something which Is rare among his people—a temper. True, hl3 use for it. , was limited and unprofes sional; he could hot strike nor use abu sive lunguage In his passions, they, were too Inward. The only indication! of his temper was that he dropped Ills plgeon Engllsh and yapped eloquently ' lu hla native:tongue.' . '/ . "Son of the Stafs,| send not tliy vile scum of a servant away from ' tills thy Celestial abode e' peace arid joy!” lie Jib bered. • "Make me tliy door-mat, wipe up the dust ajcjtlie earth with my unlioly and contemptible carcase. But send nie riot beyond thy threshold. Thireis no peace for me where thou art not.” "You go! I’ve.had enough and to spare of your thieving ways,’! Mr Cllsson re plied, lii the best Chinese'he could com: "O, Warmth :o£ .the Sun,” murmured Chi-Chee, "thou ,const not send me from 'thee. Let me live undef’the sale.of thy exquisite boots; let me curse ray''grand-. parents in the no,rrie,o£ tliy perfect lady," let dogs' Uproot the bodies of my father and mother, If I do not love thee more than the Empress-Queen.” ' "That’s enough!' Do your cursing and body-snatcliing outside, if It's all the same to yon.” , ’ "LoqJc how I adore those Sparks of Fire, thy children!" persisted Chi-Chee.' "I cannot live beyond the verandah of thy house. This vile scum will die, rot, and be dissipated to the four winds, If .you turn him awayi’ • -'..S "Go on,” said Mr Cllssoni getting the yellow, man. between himself and the door, and attempting to. hurtle him out of1 the .apartment; , - •iChiiChee fixed.a startled g:j7,e A.t'some; imaginary object, oijt, in jtys open space at the back.of the hdUife,arid While Mr GlIS son was 'looking out of tlie window to dls cover what the object might be, Chl-Chee picked up two spoons off the table and slipped thom'lnto his pocket; :. This piece of strategy aceompllshcd he sank his head upon, hip chest, and, dragging his feet wearily, after him, slunk out of. the house; Mr Cllsson watched him pass down the road Until lie ’ flifrived at-an oplupa-deri. which he entered'hurriedly; ’■ “Mr Cllsson.” ' He looted In the opposite-’ direction, and saw a young Englishman coming towards him. - a .' ■ " : - '..- • "Hullo, Brook! Where did yOu spring f'No.where in particular; but every where in general, as far as .1 con judge. I’ve been to practically every European in Tientsin thlB morning, and was coming to see you. The Boxers.are up.” , “They generally are,” Mr‘Cllsson re plied, smiling. "If they fare hot 'doing one thing, they are planning something "But I’m afraid. ..'H’s/sSflous. /- this time. They've, been on -' .an- organised march, now for some time, arid nobody seems;to have had any knowledge of the. fact'. 'There Is no possible, doubt- thpt : they have the moritl support of Pelcln,' and it only requires a little-fighting between them; and tlitf'&irbpeans-; to put the army in their van." ' “Upon what are they marching?” "Tientsin, for one objective. And there is little chance of moving, out in any di rection than to Pekin, and——. "That’s as dangerous as reniainlng here, of course. Very sudden uprising, Isn’t It?" ■ - . "No. You Bee the movement has been In plan some time, but every step had been kept, dark by the authorities as far as pos sible. It Is not until now, when they are practically at our doors,, that we.aro of ficially warned.” \- "Then the danger Ip Imminent?”'v Mr Brook nodded. : v'’: "An ugly feature Is that’the fort3 at Taku have ■ been heavily garrisoned ■within the last few days,” he said. "That means th'at‘Pekin’intends to resist any, European force, which ijffty attempt; • to jnove to the relief of Tientsin, and also to support the movement."' “We can do nothing, ;I Suppose." '' “Nothing but wait events; arid >ctean any fijearms you may hay,p.„ If y,ou have lany more than yott ean'useVyoti- dan. pass them to those who are’ short.’ ' Tb'oy’ll. bo wanted;'1 reckon.; I'll.1 look-; round;a^airi If i hear of.anything fresh-" /- ,. .V'. -, ' Mr Bfook'weht;on!:hioi;wjoy,1 .an.a- Mr Cllsson- went-.irito U>e;house',\a^d,’seoklng his young wife, told her by ilegrepsof the danger that threatened.' . The day wore on, and night began, to descend., Rumors were travelling < over Tientsin apnea Some one had heard the sound, of distant firing: someone else had caught sight of a great glare feiloctcd In the darkening sky. Someone hod come Into the town.wllh news of the bombard pjpnt of Taku forts. by the Fleets of Europe, Everyone' had a rumor of i hla owu, which no or,c else credited. There was no 'mistaking,;' ho'vcvor, tha t an evil wind was springing up;, tho .truth was to be seen in tho face of every yellow man whp-met a European;;, a. look -of low, crafty exultation lit up every yel low face, and tho’teeth that- showed be; hind tho grey lipa. parted in'smiles, seetrir L-d to (lash a threat. ; , . -The very- alr -aco'med heavy with - the 1 sense of Impending, danger.- as it ..the ; sifeht'eat incident‘mfght^setf, the,Jfjeayeiip iky oftho’' two hurtdretf otld' Euf6pea’riB'were;;[t{l 1^!; seen.,hl;,-th,e streets ; the majority preferred to . re .mala Indoors, lest the look of fenr'whleU I they could not keep from ■ their faces ■ should add fear to the troubled hearts of others, and fan the spirit of revolt which ■ was-only-too apparent .In. the natives .of, the town. ■ The night came down, dark, threaten ing, and sullen. The hush which crept over Tientsin seemed the stillness that precedes a mighty crash of thunder. The l own was waiting, wondering from .which direction the first sign of danger 'wbuld come. . ■ , -Mr. Cllsson got up from the table at which he had been sitting, vainly trying to write, and went to the door. Little thirties of whispering natlvea lounged in the shadows. A deathly stillness hang over everything. His attention was presently attracted to a group of four tall natives, lolling in the shadow of ills house; and' as ho recognised one of the figures it stepped towards him, and grinned as only Chl Chee knew how to grin. "What are you doing here?” Mr Cllsson inquired, the ghost of a suspicion in his mind. "The evil day has come to this vile dog | because you sent him from you,” Chi-Chee replied, in his own tongue. "What evil day?" "When this contemptible and low-born offspring of a wild dog must see his friends ay'J masters, the choice fruit of the earth, "whose breath is like the sweet ness of flowers, cut down before liis' Very "Ton think so, Chl-Cheo?” "Lord of the Earth .and King .of the heart-of the'most noble lady that ever hreatlied ..of. life, listen," said Clii-Chee. "Take me back into tliy service, and 1 will gladly give my life to serve'and save thee, should the- evil hour arrive. X ,have been talking with 'some noble brothers, .who will help you. > faster or my ' con temptible body ami Wlili'takd'usi; I pray thee, liito thy house, and let us lose our 'lives In serving thee.'b . ., ■' "I.am afraid. I cannot accept), quite., so much responsibility,” replied Mr qiissou, with a scornful smile. ■ "Is that Chi?" said a. voice over Ills shoulder. He turned, and gave a warn ing glance, to his wife. Chi-Chee grinned more broadly than ever at the beautiful young, woman. "Bloom of the lilies, beseech the mas ter to take back again this vile worm, that I may help to servo you when thl1 danger comes," said the yellow man. "Trust a native ns you would a viper,” whispered Mr Cllsson to Ills wife in French. "Clii is good at heart, I believe,” she replied. "Such faith- is suicidal at such a time as this. It acted upon,” ,lio returned. "No, I'll not take you In. '. My fellow countrymen are coming in their thou sands to protect ,us, jand to clear. Off the face of the earth-such thliiga as, you, if harm: corned to .us)." ..“I think you’re unjust to him," Mrs Cllsson said. "What’s that?” The crack of a rifle sounded, in the distance, in the direction of the oi>en country. It was immediately repeated, and the repetition was taken up sharply by dozens of other rifles. . Chl-Chee's grin faded away, and with a sign to' lijs three friends, who stood silently by, he dashed into the house, with them closely following him. Mr. Cllsson caught him round the waist and sought to oppose his passage; But lb. was In vain. The four natives swept into the house and closed-the en trance door 'behind them, locking and barring it hastily. ’ • Mr Cllsson rushed into the front room, and picked up one of three revolvers from the table. , "Stop!" cried.Ills wife. “Don't you see that they are here to-protect-us ? Their very presence in. tills house con demns them In , the Boxers’ .eyes and this Is the sacrifice they are; malting for . Mr Cllsson paused to tile logic. '-.But In a moment hesav/ ■ further .than,-she aid.- < . yy '.^.yr. ;,."Tes, but.if.,they- dp, theii;iw6rst wjith us before the Boxers arriyev they will have nothing to fear.!1.. ,. ' , "Light of the Sun," cried Clii-Chee, “we are your watcli-dogs." ' ' Mr Cllsson looked at his wife uneasily. The possible danger within Ills house seemed to him worse than the probable danger from without; but it rvas’Irre movable now. To turn these men out in the street again was more . than, he could do, if they had. ill-intentions; and if they had not, then, for the hope of life and honor, let them stay! But ho hud little faith In Chinese loyalty- and heroism. Meantime, the firing seemed to be go ing round to a point of the outskirts of the town further away; but it had slack ened, and it was perfectly manifest that the fighting force was a considerable After a time the four men threw themselves upon the floor close together, and mode pretence to sleep. . Presently; Mrs Cllsson crept out of the rciom, with a warning glance at hey hus band, who made an .attempt, to resume • his. writing. : A second or two later Chi-Chee .woke, and crept out of the room. Mr Clis son follpweddiim. down the passage into the1 kitchen. "Chi-Chee makee cookee. food,!’ said tho Chinese, with his Inevitable smile. Mr' Cllsson watched him distrustfully for some time, but, being satisfied with the way Chi-Chee went about 1Ub occu pation, be sought his wife. She was . upstairs dressing the two fair-haired children. "We must get to the Consulate some how," he sold. "We ought to have gone straight there. We cannot hope to hold out here if attacked, much less lf,-as I suspect, these heathens. - have evil- de "Very well,” she-replied quietly. "I shall bo ready in ten minutes.”. "As you come into the room, pick up one of the revolvers,".he said,;;."And,do not hesitate to use it, if occasion arises.” He went downstairs again. Chi-Chee was still busy, in the kitchen, and tho (■other three were..0)11! asltfep upon tl)S floor, just as he had left them. Mr Cllsson pushed one of'the revolvers "to'a corner of' the'table/ where hta wife could pick It up, as she entered'the room, without attracting attention. Soon She came down, and with the revolver hidden in the folds bf her. skirt, she Bank into a.chair, and smiled bravely at her. . hus.bandi' who . was occupying hijnsielf in tying up a few/papers and puttirig'.theHhlnto his pocket. - •When, he had. done, this, hey called Chi Chee, who camelnto the rdom;;sinillng .craftily. 1.' "We ore going to the, British Consu late,” said Mr Cllsson, whereat tho three elumberers awoke, and. listened attenr tlvely. "If y°u care to come with youi’ friends, I can promise, you protection from the Boxers; if !nbt, you can remain ju must not go away.” replied Chi . at which the three, Chinese lied into sitting, postdres.'. "hy not? We shall ho safe there our countrymen arrive.” je dog-faced' Infidel who calls Chl a. thlof shall not aeb safety," re dChi- Cheo. , three .Chinese scrambled to their nnd stood watching Mr Cllsson, picked up a revolver in each hand, ariee,” ■ he..said; turning, pale but , • to his wife, “fetch the children. bllowed her to the dopr./and'stoddj lis habK to l'tj;to prevent her t)!t|n6 5d, ChijChee;made, ai'step. tQwkrdi at which "lie raised^hls revolver HiheBltaUngly pullet^ the triggci It clicked ominously, and the yellow faces grinned, Mr Clisson understood instantly why Chi-Ghee had ..dntw.n JiJtni; . the room; that the others should- extract the cartridges from the revolvers. , ' -■ Clisson clenched his teeth, and tool; the revolvers by the barrels.to use them us life-preservers. He struck' Cld-Oheo, who rushed at him, on the ja^v^nnd laid him low. Another rushed at him, and reeled to the lloor, groaning, with a crack in his skull. The other, two, were waiting to disentangle knives front their belts; and then they rushed at him with tlie fury of wild beasts. Clisson sprang aside, ahd, ns he did so, aimed a heavy blow' at the Chinese nearer him, but the blow glanced off the fellow’s head, merely, tearing the cartil age of his ear, which only maddened him. By this time Chl-Chee hnd recovered himself, and Clisson had three'desperate savages to face, and he was hampered by. the presence of Ids wife, who ran screaming into the room. '"Seize her," said one of the men to Chi-Chee, and the ex-servant at once acted upon the advice. Beating off, with the revolver in liln (left hand, the blows aimed at him, Clis son succeeded in backing towards Chin Chee, and by an adroit movement, felled him to the floor. But at that same moment one of* his antagonists-wounded him in the left arm, rendering It- use Mrs Clisson, freed of Chl-Chetv picked up the.lamp and flung it-:with consider able force into the face of the Chinese who was just in the act of getting .hi;* knife between her husband’s ribs: and the next, moment,' with clothing aflame, he had sprung through the window, and go,oe .howling down the street. ) The lightly-constructed house was also In flameadn a-moment, and the re maining yellow-face, p*%d,»-to sickly white, hod fled after his flamihg brother. "Look outl" cried Mr Clisson, as Chi Ghee staggered to. ,his feet at her side. "Get out of the house and1 make'for-thc Consulate! Til sec to the children. Ter rified by the flames, she rushed. Into*’ die’ passage, but. she could not'consider, tile instinct of self-preservation 'while she could hear her babies crying upstairs. Tlie Clissons’ -was one of the lew houses In Tientsin built with two floors, and in circumstances like the present the top story was nothing but a death trap, for the flames followed, her as she flew’- tips lairs, arid. by, the tlme-rsbe. had hugged the children to her bosom and returned to the Uttle.landlng.ther sight could not penetrate, tlie .flames and smoke rising up from the staircase. But she went bravely: down, a child under each.arm, resting upon her,hips. ' At •..the. third step.'from 'the bottom;, the stairs gave way under her. But Mr Clisson was there to catch her; and he dragged her out Into' the 'fresh“air. where Mr Brook and two Europeans were standing, calling to know if*they could be of any assistance. "Xes; take them to the Consulate for the love of Heaven!" cried Clisson, scorched and faint. “Ill follow in a moment." ■' . . ; * They took her away, and got her to the Consulate, in- safety, wltftfher two children. Clisson dashed back into Oib flaming, house, and fought his way into the sit ting-room. "Chi-Chee!" he criefl, ^wherc are ' "O Light of. the Sun, .I’m- here,"^re plied a weak voice, in Chinese; "O, take mercy on me, and help me dway!" Clisson stooped down and clutched at the figure at his feet. He caught hold of the smouldering clothes of the Chinese, and dragged him out into tint passage. He stumbled towards* the door,-,' hut at the threshold, weal;, faint, bleedr ing, stifled, and- choking* he• sank- upfjn, his knees,’and as he' fell .Chi-Chee pressed A long knife; into his; minster's side, up to the hilt, ih'utterlng a blessing as he.did so. - . . And the. next: instant the charred re main's of the little house fell down upon the two ©f^. them, casting, a. cloud of spurics up into the black night sky 