A ROCUE AMD HIS "M8KKEV." "It is a moBt extraordinary thing. Mr. Solomons, but the .<500 bank-note I put in to the sale ijfiis m.rnrog lies disappeared." " You don't soy so, sir. Dear me, how "nufortunate, and _ how unpleasant tor m all. Of eourao, the keys howe never left yonr ooaaesBion sines you looked the note up?" \ 2fuver for a moment, Solomons, said Mr. Richards, the Manchester lawyer, as he regarded his maaa Jookiug chisf clerk with the utmost perplexity from whieh suspicion was entirely absent. " It is quite bewilder- , ing. My duplicate set is at home. Besides, I do not see how any thief could get at the safe in the daytime when we are all busy around it. Tho look does not appear to have been tampered with, the contents one un- disturbed, biit the note is gone. " Pardou me. sir, perhaps you never put it in there at aH. Porhap. you will find it in your poqkct-book all sufo and sound." « Don't talk foolishness, Solomans." cried Ma employer crossly, nevertheless he drew j nut his wallet and examined Us contents with groat deliberation. He searched all hiB pockets, and turned out his private desk. I Tush 1" bo exclaimed, "what an uas I am ! Don't 1 know quite well that I placed it carefully in one of the drawers of tho safe, and nowhere else ?" "Umph!" The clerk ran the tip of his penholder through hie fluffy hair and looked dreadfully concerned on his employer s account. "tet'B take out the drawer," said he with on air of inspiration, "and see if the note has slipped behind it." This was done, and the interior of the safe taken to pieces as for as was possible; every 'nook and corner of the office was cleared out, but the missing " monkey " — to adopt the phraseology of " Captain Coo '—was not to be discovered. "It is a mystery," said tho solicitor gloom ily, as he sst dowB exhausted . by his exer tions; " and I would nothave it ooour in this Sec foy double the mousy.' " Of course you'have the numbBr of tho ( note queried Solomons eagerly. " Just so. 1 "Well, we must Btop it at once, and — would you like ma to call in the police, sir ?" " Certainly not," returned Mr. Riehards sharply- "1 do net for an instant suspect ony one here. We must, of course, 'give in- j formation to the authorities. But 1 do not wish to have any fuBS made. Haloes not do | a lawyer any good for his clients to hear that he lies been robbed, or so careless as to . loose a valuable document." | " Well, sir, I shan't feel comfortable or ; happy till we find out what lias become of it. ' Why. it is for oil the world like a bit of magic." I " It is beyond my comprelienBion. But get , on with these aosts in the Siminonds matter. I I should like him So have the account in to- . morrow." > Mr. Richards forgot— or perhaps igoored is the better word in tlio connection— tho ( fact that after returning to the office from his luncli lie invariably fell asleep in liis chair for a good 90 minutes, it wits s mild form of mania with him to Btoutly deny that . lie ever did anything of tho kind. Tliia practice was, of course, well knowu to Soki- mans, and on tho day in question, finding I himself alone in the office for it few moments j ho badnado himself possessor of the uncon- j seious man's keys. Like a flash he opened the safe, secured the note, made oil again secure, and slipped the hunch hack into the pocket where the attorney always carried it. Id the privacy <if his own apartment that . Slight Solomons produced tho crisp note from where ho hod most cunningly hid itubout his p'crson. " You're a beauty," said lie, as ho flat tened it out, " but gold is better looking, and gold you will have to be turned into my pretty one when the right time comes. You , must go to tho races, for it in only on the busy course that you can bo changed with safety." - . He placed ifcin a small, tightly-fitting tin box. This ho wrapped in several turns of oil-skin. The whole he dropped into a shallow tank, which stood on a ledge just outside liis own window. " Now the bobbies can come and search here till' they are blind. They will never think of looking into our cistern for a bank note," ooniplncontly mused lie. as he mudo himself " fetching " for his evening prom enade at tho Uaicty. Solomans allowed a little time.to pasB before " lotting his monkey hove a climb for its money," as he tertnod it. In the meanwhile he had become confidential with a couple of sporting mechanics who very much preferred to play for something thau to work for it. It is a fancy not by any means confined to one class of the social scale. j Look here," said lie one evening to this j pain Swale and Huggius by names, " if you ; two like to go to the races to-morrow 1 can put you on to two good things, and if you Binash a „£S00 note for me with any of the bookmakers you shall have 50 quid a-ptece. | Lor bless you I the big bookies don't think , anvthing of churging what they call ' a monkey. ' You lied ticst be well togged, you know, and put on a uicc free and independent air. Mum'a the word, aud wlien yoii get the " stuff," hold it firm. The e< muiiBsion delighted Swale and Huggius imbibed with new and alarming guste at.the prospect of it. Naturally enough tbe first bookmaker tbey attempted" to negotiate with was a notorious welclmr. He took tho measure of his men at once. He nipped off his chair, joined them, and drew thorn away from the crowd. " What do you think I am made of ?" demanded lie. " Butty, mud, or ten leaves ? If I'd 508 shiners in my kick I should not have been on that porch. Look here. Have you any ready 'I A couple of quid will take us into the enclosure. Once there I'll put a hit on fnr you with one of the leviathans, and he'll smash tlio note for us like a bird." The necessary funds were scraped to- gctlicr among them. Once inside, the wetshcr cried, " All, there's the red hot 'un ! I'll de the hi with him." Hr made a bet of £6 with this prominent mouther of TattonwiU'H ring, and returned to ti:.« two workmen villi £495 in change, which he handed to Swale. Tho three were now hand in glove for the day. The stranger in- troduwd his new acquaintances to his old friends, who showed a robust desire to make very free with them and their belongings. At last, and JubL before the final raoe, they raised a cry of 44 welebcrs " against Swale and Muggins, who after being stripped and " teemed " — that is, turned oil their heads until not a fraction remained about them— were bo cruelly used that it did not seem likely they would ever again see Manchester. After a filth1, however, they did manage to rcjich home, where Solomans, while with auxiety, was eagerly looking for thein, and tbe produce of " the monkey's climb," The talc they had to tcli made him both sick and wrathful. It was in his heart to treat theiu to a volley of astonishing adjeativee. but he remembered that, after all, he was in their power, aud must grin and bear this collapse of alibis grand schemes. 44 The only thing we can do now is to keep it dark," said he. " Don't either of you, on any account, let on that I ever gave you a monkey to change." 44 We shall be careful enough,' replied Swale sullenly, " but I reekoa we have got blows and bruises just iu trying to do your bit of business for you, end you'll have to keep ub going till we are fit for work again." Solomkas remonstrated and rayed, all to no purpose. The blackmailing pair went away with av sovereign each for immediate needs, and they promised to soon repeat; their caHe on himself aod his exchequer. The bookmaker who had changed the ill- gotten note soon had information that it was stopped, but be had no difficulty in putting the police on to the welsher from whom he had received it This worthy, in his turn, told his tale, and tho authorities kept him for mauy days journeyingabout the highways and slums of Manchester in the hope that he ; might meet with and identify Sw&lfc; or Hug - j gins, or both. | I Curioudy enough, Fate ' preserved the | mechanics from being seen by the one in I search of them. Often they were close to I one another; twice they were all drinking in the same spirit vaults, and yet never came I face to face. The news that the authorities were on the ; track of hin money of course reached Mr. Richards, and he began to hope that at- last the mystery of its disappearance would be cleared. Solomans . also beard the tidings and ho was (brown ' into a series of cold sweats. He was in abject terror for his liberty. He decided tbat there was no course so safe for him as flight. But he would not go empty-handed. Tbe mere temporary possession of tbat 44 monkey "—which he now anathematised with much increased vigour— had whetted bis greed for more. His avarioe was after all keener thou his des perate fear. He would moke one more bril liant coup and then vanish from the legal circles of Manchester aod of England for ever. His rather elaborate plans required a few days to perfect, and he was in a state of the most awful dread all the time. Mr. itich ards was in Londou, and having the coast clear Solomans, looking as bold as brass and as innocent as butter, called on tbe manager of his employer's bank. He was well-known to tbe gentleman, being really a more fre quent visitor to the establishment than the lawyer himself. He. explained that Mr. Richards was out of town, 'and that they had a settlement for a client on the followiog morning over some bouse property, the amount required being £1;500. Ho hud just learned that tbis client would not be able to arrive with the capital quite iu time. Fearing some such contin gency, Mr. Richards before going away had left his life policy and other securities, with full authorisations for Mr. Solomans to pledge them with the bank for the loan of the sum named for a few days. They had done such things for Mr. Rich ards before. The documents seemed to be hi perfect order. With hardly any hesitation the mnnngcr told tho casbior to hand over to Solomans £1,500. Thcliltlc rascal would much have Kked to have taken u nil in gold, but he feared such a request might at the final moment cxcito suspicion and bring him one more to grief. Still, he got tho bulk in specie and the rest iu nolcB of £20. Once outside the bank with his plunder safo his sangfroid deserted him. His face broke out infcoa rash, and he could only think of one thing, und it w&s; how to get away quick enough. Hoping to steady hiuisclf with brandy, he turned into the first. Utvcrn he reached, and there he came upon Swale and Huggins. 44 Hullo ! " cried the latter, 44 wo was just agoing to give you a reminder. Why, what's ttic mnttcr with you? Have you got the fever, or have you seen a ghost? " 44 Neither. You both take my advice and get oHtof Manchester as quick as you can. If you stay bore you are nurc to be recog nised, and there will be trouble. Go to Lon don — go auy where. Here's money for you. It'sthc last, and the best you'll over get from mc." To their delight and amazement, lie handed them four notes of £20 each. "Those arc all right," declared he. 41 1 have only just received them ovei the bank counter. My uanio isWolkcr," he concluded, hurriedly, 44 you won't sec lue again - " 44 Why can't wo all three go together? " cried Swale, who smelt more money from where the new twenty pounders had coma. 44 You must be mad!" was Solomon's withering reply, and straightway he dis- appeared from the place. An unlooked-for matter called Mr. Riehards back to Manchester that afternoon, and it also took him to the bank. A brief conversation with bin) showed the manager that the policy and the other documents on which £1,500 had bocn advanced were worthless forgeries — excellent specimens of the nefarious art, but as socurities valueless. There was a greater demand for the plaus- | iblc Mr. Solomans that night than had ever ljcfore been the case. All over the country the police kept a hot and on active look out | for him. j Mr. Huggius received a visit from the j same inquiring gentry as he was rioting in a tripe supper with friends who were not of his 1 own family. Earlier in the evening ho had changed one of the twenty-pound notes in a tavern, Baying that he bad just received the insurance money on his wife's death. On making a search at his lodgings a twenty-pound note was found in the chim ney, and as much in loose trash in a drawer. Then Swale wob captured, and the ivelslicr identified tliem as being the gents who had couic to him on the racecourse dcBirous of chauging 44 a monkey." Solomans was arrested just as he was about to step oa board an Aitautic liner disguised na an old woman, a character his features suited very well. Tho oddest thing perhaps about this queer case is that the little rogue only got eighteen months' imprisonment, while Huggius and Swale were sentenced to six and four each respectively. 41 Quite enough for a blooming monkey, too," Soloin&DB; protests to this very day. 