The Dlstarlned blotters. 1 SisnjEt T sptuiks, the oofBn-mtker, wallowed ? bitter pill wtaeu be brought Betay Mitlld*. tburlob widow of 'Bally' Brown. lhe brewer, of Sohqi, u bis Beoobd wife to tbn old ebop ip Salter Street, W.C, She was bb thlok bb ebe wbb lobk; ber prloolplea stretobed IlKsetasUo, snd siie bid t 8t)Q wbo Just a bpoood edition lof ber sordid and lll-ravoor«d BBlf. Bat then Betay bad laDfulB nf pnod thin pa Id the way of money, furniture, and boaae property, and she simply doted ou the babrtaome 8»muBl, wbn, In aplte of hie d-epprale Industry, wbb on tbe verge of bankruptcy, and saw lii tbls msrrlnge a means to eave not blmeelf so muob bb bis adorable tw|o girls, Lola sad Iiilile— as alike ob two peas— from beggary. Veara passed. Tbe ooffiu-maker' waB Bone tbe way of all.flegb. His daughters were lovely vonng things of seventeen, and Tom Brown, tbe' widow's son, be tween whom and the Rlrlp .laggers ,were drawn, was ' walking tbe bnBpltais.' The business, ttianbs (o tbe impeias given thereto by tbe widow's money, bad pulled through ; it was now managed by Oeorge Trueman, a nephew of tbe deceased master, and wae likely to yield a fortune one of tbeBe days to bis daughters. , A few days after Tom Brown was settled at tbe old ebop for a month's holiday, it beoame necessary that tbe manager — a fine, slender, p'alu-faoed, bat upright young fellow, wbo hoped one fine day to marry tbe lovely Lain — should gn, In tbe Interests of tbe firm,, to tbe north of 8ootland. A fortnight's bard work brought his business to a satisfactory close, and be was preparing for tbe return journey when be bad tbe misfortune to sprain bis anole. There was no obanoA of bis travelling in less than a fortnight'* time, and he forthwith notified Mrs. Trueman nf tbe mlsbap. By tbe retard post be bad a note of condolence, In wblob, by way of poateoript, ebe told bim that Lula, having been out of sorts these days, bad gooe to tbe seaside tor a change. ' Why didn't sbe write, I wonder,' thought George, who bad exchanged letters frequently with bis little sweel beart during bis absence from Baiter Street. ' 8be might have mentioned it In ber last. And why tbe dickens didn't Liliile go wllb ber, I should like to know ?' A few days passed ; then oame a blurred gurap ui wriuui; irtim Die uuuiea wiuuw, wltb the overwhelming news that Lulu, going walkiDg lo a gale when she liad been urgently advised not to venture near tbe eea, bad been caught by a wave and drowned. A letter from Tom fol lowed, wblob further informed tbe hrokeu-hearted lover that tbe poor girl's body bad not been recovered, bot that no dooht as lo ber untimriy fate existed. Llllle bad been so prostratred from the ebock, be wrote, tbat li bad been deemed advisable to send ber for a time to Dr. Murray's Home, wbere ebe wonld bave tbe care ber delicate state required. This arrangement George beartily approved, for tbe dootor was o cbum of Tom's, and (bough be— George — person- ally disliked tbe man, be knew be was a practitioner of repute. Tbe broken hearted lover viguely noticed, upon his return to Salter Street, tbat Anne, tbe fafthfui old servant, was gone, and that bd elderly woman, wbo was stone deaf, Bnd went bome -at night, was iu ber plane ; bat outside circumstances made little impression upon blm |uct then. On tbe second night following bis return, George could not sleep, and after tusslng about a while, be got up, dressed, and went out into tbe silent streets. His lodgings were but a stone's throw from tbe sbop, and quite mesbanloally be went tbe way to the old place. It was now close on two, and be was therefore greatly startled to see a twinkle of Ifgbt -rom the window nf tbe workshop at tbe back of the premises. Tbese occupied the corner of a side street— while facing tbe main road, however — and the low wall enclosing tbem rao a good w»y down said street, George was over tbat wa.'I like a bird ; be wanted to know tbe why Bnd wherefore of tbat iigtit. OnPA nnflie rirpmifinn hn wan hilt A fnw yards from the window wbence esme the mysierloos glimmer, and be saw that s thick covering, wblob bad been stretobed across it, gaped a bit at tbe top of the window-frame. George wbb afraid to stand on tbe ledge, lest he should make a noise, but a light ladder stood against tbe wall opposite. He slipped oQ bis boots, put tbe thing in place, and went op to tbe required belght, on a line with the gap in tbe curtain. Thus- be saw tbe widow and ber son etanding Immediately bennntb blm. Tbe old woman was mound In a big red ebawl ; ber son wae Intent ou putting togetber tbe separate pieces of a coffin of small make. ' I shall finish the |ob to-morrow night,' George beard bfm say, ' don't worry so, mother. We Bball pall through.' 'But tbe worst cert of tbe business Is to come,' answered sbe. ' Tt gives me tbe eblv(ers to think about ft. Did yon manage to meet Parker, tbe policeman ?' 'Yes; aod I told him that we were likely to be very busy, aod tbat he waBn't to trouble if be beard tbe workmen at night.' 'Mind you dig it deer,' said tbe widow. ' Never leer,' answered Tom as be oare fally pot tbe roogbt coffin out of sight. ' Wby, mother. your teelb are chattering. We'll get away direotly I've cleared up.' Hearing this, George quickly Bllnped away. His brain wbs in a whirl. Wbat evil business had these two oo band tbBt old Parker, the policeman, should be conciliated? Whatever It was, he George — meant to know the rights — or wrongs — of It. Tbe young manager was greatly dis mayed to find co sign of tbe conspirators when be crept ap to tbe workBbop on tbe night following. While be stood there woodering wbat next to do, he beard Tom's surly been from another rfirenlinn Rnnnd tho atria nrall n f fko bouse was a bit of a garden, where tbe twins bad pottered about, and now and then cajoled a stray geranium into fleet ing life. To see wbat wasgoiog oo tbere, George realised tbat he might be dis covered bimeelf : still be must venture. Suddenly be remembered tbat tbere wag e stack of boards standing round the loruer. He slid round tbe ^lou^e-wall like a ghost, aod ensconced himself safety behind the pile of wood. Thence be saw tbe old woman standing with aj tmall lantern tn ber band, tbe dim light ot wbicb sbe threw opoo a great ugly ; bole in tbe garden. In this hole stood ; Tom, ber eon, digging like a navvy. At: this moment George leaned forward In bis esci'em.nt, and one of tbe boards went clattering dowo, and be wllb it. Before he could get upon bis lege, a nan's bands were on his threat, and be was helng dragged Into the circle of light. ' It'e you, Ib it?' hissed Tom, He looked at tbe great bole at bis feet, then at George, wbo wae choking In tbe brute's grip. He meant mlscbief. ' Say your prayere,' be 'whispered as bedrovfrtbe poor fellow— be being no match fnr his assailant's six feet five and blacksmith's limbs— to the edge of tbe rude grave, while the old woman ran Here and tbere like a mad creature. AH at once Tom stumbled over tbe epade behind blm, and down be went, wllb ? Ibud, Into tbe bole. George seized tbe spade and stood on tbe defensive. 'S^SwUn Jfon^1' aefced he,.aBtthe^-tb?r. dldtiotellr. . v it ' v v*' My*1eg'£ broken,' answered Tom wllb a sullen oatb. He then shouted -to bla mother, who eet ap ? pitiful willing, ' to stop tbat'. row,1' - ? ? ? -«(--? ?.. .. ' Wbat Infernai basineas are you np to bere?' aaked~TraemBn, sternly. looklog' apon tbe'man below. 'Now yoa Ann take your oholoe. Brown/' . be went on. . ' Makea oleao breast of -It, or I'll Bumpano tbe police.' .1 A. ? «hl. hole, or not?' groaned Tom. He was suffering borrlbfy. ' Wbo was to be dropped down there ?' said Georgettoggediy. ' Iwon'tgive jpoa a baud's tarn tilt I know tbe right fcttblB business. X-*st nlgbt X watched ypo making a coffin ; ' now I flbd yoo dig ging a grave. Wbo was to be borled here. I say?' * ' You oan see for yourself,' answered Tom, wbeo .tbe question had been repeated twtae, ' If yoo take a look round tbe workshop. For ^Heaven's sake, belp tne oat of tbts !' George rushed aoroes tbe etrlp of garden, having snatched tbe lantern from tbe mother's band. Op 'tbe big benob under tbe window of ibe work Bbop stood tbe rade ooffin on wblob be bad watched Brown work. Thn.lid was looBe, he lifted It and looked within. The poor fellow orled aloud In angalsb for there, like a waxen angel in ber burial garb, lay bis beloved IiU.'o. He ran. oboklng, from tbe plaoe. 'You bound 1' he orled, 'were yoo going to bury my Lola like a dog In a ditch.' 'Lula!' muttered both mother .and son, but be heeded neither. ' Wbat bave you done to ber?' cried George hoarsely. 'Ob, if I oould bat bave my wsy of you for five mlooteB, you dastard I Lulu was not drowned at all. You bave billed ber between yon. Have you poisoned her, you bra tee? Bat I'll bring it bome to yoa— I'll bave tbe pair of you in jail before ? ' 'Ob, don'4, don't I' cried tbe old woman. She- fell on her kneeB and' ololobe'd George's hande. ' I'in a miser able sinner, and I dldo't mean to do tt. By ail that's holy I swear it was an aoeldent.' ' What happened ?' asked Trueman, wbo saw fit onoe tbat the woman wbb telling tbe truth. ' My Lola ? ' ' It isn't Lula,' wblepered sbe ; ' it's Llllle.'' ' What !' screamed George. ' B&tb; dead ! Ob, HeavenB I Wbat did youi do to ber?' be asked, after a heavy aileuoe. ' I bad been to Doctor Murray's place (o fetch ber borne, and when we were up in ber bedroom, we bad a little upset because she bad left the doctor's before I wanted ber to do so. I was obliged to let ber come, for sbe threatened to go on ber own accord if sbe waet't fetcbed. I never coald get on with Llllie, as every body knows, and we quarrelled lo rigbts this time. And in a minute she fell baok in ber ohair, and In my fright I gave ber the lotion Instead of tbs draught, and it killed ber.' ' Wby didn't yon give information lo the proper way,' orled George harshly, ' if it was an accident ?' * ' I wisb to heaven we bad,' said Tom, ' bat wboever does tbe tblng that's rigbt In such a caBe? Bealdes, mother had jost heavily Insured the girl's life, seouring tbe results, In oase of ber deatb, to her self, Dootor Murray had told ber that Llllte'a state was most precarious, and it was known that mother disliked tbe girl. I don't bear tbe best of characters, bat I'm not a bad son, and thought the old lady would bave fared ill if an Inquiry bad been brought about. So, as no one knew the girl bad been got bome, I meant to let it appear tbat sbe bad died at the Home and bury ber bere In ber little garden. For Heaven's sake, help me out of this, man ; I'm in agony.' George had sunk down by the mound of earth cast up for such sinister purpose. ' It's more than you deserve,' be ssld, looking up, ' but I'll do wbat I can to help ynu out. Yoa'il bave to lend a band, fidCrs. Trueman.' It took some time and labour tn get tbe injurrd man above ground, and be c«ma near to falotlag when they laid blm on tbn kltoben floor. ' Tell bim. Tom, tell him about tbe other, before be Hods out,' urged tbe old woman aB George turnad momentarily aside. ' There's something else,' whispered Tom. 'Lula Isn't dead. She's upstairs lo tbe attic:' 'Ob, forgive .as!' cried the old mother; 'I planned it all. My boy's dying for love for ber, and I wanted to get ber married to him before yoa got back from Scotland. And sbe said sbe'd die firstl I haven't hart a hair of her bead. There's tbe key of tbe attio. Go and eee for yourself. Ob, for mercy's sake, don't look at me like tbat, George,' sbe orled. Outside the attic door the young manager stopped a moment to order his whirling thoughts., Tbe next he held ber— bis own Lula, living and sobbing — in bis arms: ' I know all- about It,' be whispered. 'Calm yourself now, darling, and oome with me. Presently we will bave a long talk togetber ; but I bave business to do downstairs first. Take no notice of any thing you may Bee there, my own ; later 00 I will explain. Come.' Not a word passed when tbe four were faoe to faoe. George then tamed to tbe prostrate man. ' Give me tbe BddreBS,' be eald sternly, 'of your friend Diotor Murray. For obvious reBBOOB ft will be better tbat he should see your hurts, though I will do any thing meanwhile, tbat you may suggest. As regards oertaln other mournful busU n ess known at present to oar tbree selves only, I oannot as vet eee my way out of tbe dlfBoulty. Wltb regard to. your selves, I make It a condition of my silence respecting your disgraceful doings, tbat yoa quit tbese premlseB in a week's lime for ever. Lulu will, meanwhile, be In safe guardiaoBblp elsewhere, and return as my wife to ber father's bouse, after your departure. Failure and shame are tbe cheater's rigbtful fate. Take yours to heart, and mend your ways.' 