NUTSHELLS. LBr TUB COIiONKL,] Wild sseertion by the Daily Ttkgra/ih of Wediimds; : •• One person in every twelve over the sge of 40 dies from cancer." Equally absuid allegation by the prwent wiiter: " ODO person in every twelve over the age of 40\. writes a lot of rubbish fur the Daily TeUgro/'h. • • One reform I hat the Orange Hospital badly needs is honoraty medictl officers and in honorary secretary. It is a lamentable thine to eee eubscribers to a oountry hospital Wasting about l'J-50 a yeBr uunecewari'y. If Mr. Uichardaon, the new vice pMfiilent, will ob'ain particiltoirs fiom Sydney, he will tind ibat it is most untuual to pay toedioal officers for a borpitnl. and surely there ie somebody iu the town willing to act ae secretary for the honor of the position ? • • If it wasn't dislnyal the present wiiter would begin to euep-ct that General Buller was get ing stretched upon his bier before he was killed. • • Sydney paper on Monday : " Many people feared that tfpion Kop wa» a trap." What else would he be but a trap V . " The Timet urges Lord Robert* to s'rsin overy nerve lo teiuforce General Buller." If ihe Timet would vary its platitudes and strongly urge the ehoe-bUck outeide tho Manfion House t j put a belter polish on the Lord Mayor'* boots, it would mend the monotony somewhat. The liiitieh have boen defeated half-adozen times in the present war simply because their generals haven't got as much brains as the Boer generals. The sooner thie is reoognised the less chance there will be if the wholetale slaughter of hetoio rank and file. • * The other Powers perhaps might interfere. They might do IV and theu * again, they mightn't! It may bp juet for justice, ss we hear; It may be 'cause the beggarl are too frightened ! You never know cxactly why you're spared, But the Uritinb, up to this, ain't feeling scared! * * * After all it isn't very strange for a Boer to fall into a hambush. * * * Evening News paragraph: "An old man named John Hagan, living four miles from Oban Station, Glen Innes district, has been found dead in his hut." Now, how the dev— at least grilled ham, could John Hagan be dead and living at the same time? As the Evening News has been publishing apologies as a regular thing lately it had better apologise to the ghost of John Hagan. * * * We asked a leading Sydney barrister if these pars could be copyrighted. He says "there is no reason why they shouldn't." We know there's no return, what we wanted to know was if there wss any lav. A Queen's Counsel who dtKsu'c know the tremendous difference between law aud reason wants to go to school agaiu. Iu common law there oertuioly is a leasonable baris, but in statutes—well, what mn you expeot fiom the kind of people who mauage to get into Parliament ? TUB XlUir THAT MADE EMES1IO. He w*a a gallant lancer and was up to awful vapors But be did not rcribblo letters to the Sydney daily papers! • * If the present water were Oliver Cromwell and boas of Britain he would, send 30.000 troops to Delagoa Bay, land them at L&uxeneo; Miiquea and eend them etraigbt to Pretoria, 'rhe other European Powers would robably make a tremendous noise about it. Eat 'em*! Some of them made a noise jrhea Msrchand was booted out of Faohoda. The number of patriots who are willing to i ush -to the reecue of this bleeding oountiy it eomeihiog perfectly astonishing. bepoe i little faded flour, The kind of lock the Darling really *4nU i Wedlock. The cause of all the mining etukes Is tuiy to unravel. Bow can they ba at pesoe you rae When they desire to " MTtl . *> Uneasy lies the head that Wears crown." that s *hy they fpeak of a monarch as " higher. * A sdeUtiBo p»per cays a man br«ath( s' 10,000 quarts of air a day :— Itraakee us eigh mth ptoeoant gtief, This item re the atmwphare; How great would be our deep relief, • If but the air were only beer. Pa: Never wy die, vg son « Son: I dop't {». I my " kiek«d tb« 