ALLENSTOWN ANGLICAN CHUBCH. LAYING FOUNDATION OF THE FONT. Tlie ceremony ol laying Ute foun- dation «tone of tlie font to bc erected int the Anglican Cnurcli, Al- lenstown, took place yesterday ofternoon in the presence of a large congregation. Thc church, which js being built to designs pre- pared by iii: L. S. Robertson, is now well advanced towards completion. The build- ing is a gift from an anonymous donor and thc font, is being subscribed for by thc Sun- ' day School children. The ceremony was brief and simple. The clergy and the choristers who were to take part in il robed in the temporary church and marched in procession to the new edi- fice. The service wns opened by the sing- ing of the hymn "The church's one foun- dation." Thc stone, which bore the inscription " To thc glory of God. This stone was laid by Georgina Dawes. October 14th, IfMW."--uns then laid by Mrs. Dawes in thc words " In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this stone, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen."' ' After thc singing of another hymn, A brief address was delivered by thc Roy. Canon Parker. In thc course'of lus remarks, Jic said : " Tn-duy is n day of re- joicing und fbnnksßjviiig for thc people oi Allenstown..'The Lord hath been mindful ol us and He will bless us.' Wc rejoice for God lins inspired one of Dis servait» l<i make this gift of thc building which will soon bc completed. He has inspired him to do so not seeking thc praise of man, but tl» glory of God, and we pray that this om benefactor may have his reward, und fur flier that this House of God may bc ni abundant means of blessing to those win dwell in this place and shall worship ii this sanctuary ; lo those who shall be hap tised : to those who shall hear in thew courts the Word of God ; to those win shall praise His Holy Name and pray ti Him for Grace ; to those who shall knee before His altar ; und to those, who minis 1er and those who shall be ministered unti For years this work has been carried 01 amid many' dillieulties, mid willi, ii) purently. lillie chance of attaining permanent church of our own ; hut. alway with stubborn faith and earnest devotiot Now God has blessed our Work and give il an unexpected fruition. Therefore, w give henrty thanks to Him and ascribe t Him thc whole praise. Hut how shall w , snow our thankfulness 1o God 1 Hy sup porting (lie work willi mir -ubRlnnoe ; hy flocking io Cod's House : I.y nu obedient lind lliitnkful uso of lin- »n.ins of fínico; nnd hy giving lilicrnlly lo inninliiin ifs re- gular wrviccN. An inoiv.c-e of slnll' is nc i-essary to pnnide full sen ices here und in North-west l<oi'kliiiiii|ilnii mid this cnn only lie attain, il liv the i nidia) sup]iort of those who s -I. the iiiinislrntion of the church. A mun of £100 will he required to provide seuls and other furnishings ab- solutely necessary. Towards (his moonul ..CßO has been subscribed, and thc Commit len will bc grateful for any help, no mut- ter how small." Puring ihn singing of thc closing hymn a collection was made. i 