WITHOUT A HOME. By Mbs. Baeb. CHAPTER XIV. SEVERING TIES. * Really, Ada, this is very unex pected. What has brought about this decision ? To tell the truth, I do not understand why you should leave a home where you are scarcely treated as a servant' * I am fully sensible of your ex ceeding kindness, dear lady,' replied the girl, in a rich, melodious voice ; 'but I cauuot stay. There are reasons for this that you cannot understand were I to explain them, which is simply impossible. I kuow you have spoiled me — that, go where I will, I shall not find another home like this ; but I must go/' quiiies about you this morning, and seemed to thiuk that she hoi seen you before, but was baffled when she heard your name. Did you ever see her before V 'Once,' replied Amy, truthfully. « Perli rip?; 8iie would like to see you. S.ie said she would call in the morning without company.'1 Amy threw up her head a little proudly. ' Miss Meredith can have no particular business with me. 1 should like to leave this evening, if you'll let me ge.' ' Certainly you can go, if you are bent on so doing,' replied the lady, talcing out her purse and paving the girl her wajjes. 'You have been faithful, and the extra money is a reward for your kindness to Bsna.' Amy turned away, unable to speak, and went to the library, where she bade good-bye to her fiivourir.&s;, with sf reaming eyes. ' My, my 1 What docs this mean ? What are y-«u crying for, Ada?' asked Herman Siu^leton, as he came su Jdeuly into the room. ' Bcciose I am s-» miserable,' she replied, faintly. ' Everything seems to go wrong.' 'What has gone1' wrong?' ''he asked, kindly. ' Has Rena got one of her tantrums again ?' ' No,' she replied. ' Me Single ton, I am going to leave, aud I do love these books so much It seems like parting from old friends to leave them.' ** Why are you going to leave us f* he enquired, gravely. ' Because I must. I can't tell . you why ?* fc I thought you had no friends, Ada ; what are you going to do in this large city without a protector ?' ' What hundreds of others do,' «he replied. ' Fight my way, con test the road, and if I fail it will not be because I lack courage- ' What -do you think I have been doing; these two years ? I suppose you'll laugh at me, but I have been pre paring myself to teach/' If a thunderbolt had fallen at his feet Singleton would scarcely have been more astonished, and his sur prise did nut escape her notice. 'I suppose you think me pre sumptuous,' she continued, hur riedly, ' but I was born of parents who instilled into my mind a love of knowledge; parents who little thought their only child would have to battle with the world as I have had to do. When I came here and found these books, and learned that I could have access to them, 1 determined to improve the oppor tunity, and I have no cause to re proach myself, for I have gathered many a sheaf in these two jeax&, and stored them for the future.' The slight figure of the girl was erect now. Toe large brown eyes — her peculiar charm — wer*-. glori ously bright with the enthusiasm of her subject, and looking up into bis face as she fiuished, she abruptly asked: 'You think me quixotic, and my ideas visionary, don't you?' *? I think you are on the verge of a grand womanhood,' he replied. She raised her eyebrows, and her forehead knotted into a heavy frown : *' I asked you for an honest opinion,' she said, reproachfully. ' Shall I tell you what I think ? Then I will Your perseverance is simply sublime; your industry puts to biiaine older persons than your self, aud the manner with which you have worked, unaided aud alone, is truly remarkable. I have watched you the past years, ever since you asked my sister for the use of the library, and I have seen how you sometimes made mistakes in the selections of your volumes, but, in the main, you displaced ex client taste, T believe you will succeed, and you have my best wishes for the final attainment of. your goal.' He turned to go, but came back. ' Ada, if I cau help you, I will do 60\. Money I have in abundance/' ' Thank you ; but I must work my own way. if I reach the desired goal, it will be through my own exertions ' ?? Think welL Money is a power ful auxiliai-v' ' One that I don't possess. Your words of praise are the first that I have received from any source, and they are very welcome ; but I j do not desire help from any one without rendering an equivalent — that I could not do in this ease.' ' You ace independent ?' said the gentleman, a little sharply. The blood mounted in a brilliant glow to her face. u The lessons of life, learned in the school of adver sity, are not likely to teach us de pendence on those about us,' she replied. ' You talk bitterly for a girl of your age,' he remarked. ?' Ada, what is the cause of it ? Has life held no happiness, no joy, no plea sure fur you all these years that you have lived ?' 'Yes,' she continued, 'until I was twelve years old my life was one continued flush of happiness, with only one dark cloud, the death of my mother, though I was almost too young to realize my loss then. My father died when I was in my fourteenth year, and since then my life has been one continued struggle with poverty.' ' It is very strange that you have no friends, no relatives.' *' I have relatives, but they are insensible to my welfare. It makes no difference to them whether I sink or swim. I don't know why I should be telling you all these things,' she added. 'Because I asked you,' he re plied. ' Your confidence shall be respected/' *? You have been very thoughtful and kind to me since 1 have been an inmate of this house. Allow me to thank you for your many little acts of courtesy/' » 'I should ;be better pleased if you would let me assist you.' 'You can do so by giving me directions where to fiud a respect able and cheap boarding-house ?' Herman Singleton stroked his moustache in perplexity. Cheap . boarding-houses were not much in his line, but, tbiuking for some mo ments, it occurred to him that lie had accidentally heard of a small house in a quiet, respectable street, where one could get chea'p board. A friend of his, a college associate, who had more brains than money, lived there, and taking out a card that had been given to him, he told Amy or it, aud jjave her the address. 'Remember,' he said, * that the offer of assistance is open to you a year hence as well as to-day.' ' Ob,'1 she cried, breaking down, ' your kindness makes it harder to go. I came here as a servant, and have received nothing but good treatment ; aud it is hard to leave so much beauty, brightness, and re finement, everything that the most aesthetic nature could desire, for a email room in a boarding-house.' 'Then why gi» ?' * Becauae I must. Good-bye.' She held out her hand, shook his heartily, and vanished quickly out of the room. CHAPTER XV. A SURPRISE. The last article of clothing had been put away, the last good-bje was said, aud Rena was put in hzr bed carefully, before Amy arose to ? go. The parting was bitter, far more so than Amy had supposed it would be at first. Her face was the last that Amy looked on in the house, for after she had said fare well to evey one she stole up to the nursery again, as it' loth to leave her cbarge, aud took a last lung look. With a In a: t almost bursting she went quickly down tiie .stairs, out of the front door, and entered a street car, which titmily set her down at the tjuanJiiig-iiuiise. She rang the bell, aud was admitted to the parlour by a piim little maid, who said tbe luiatJCos woui«J t-e down soon, turning up the gas us she spoke. Amy looked. ar..uu.l her, u,t the hointly but cieau oarj-uc. and at the 4 wails with their pictures. She started up with an exclama tion of surprise. ' Surely this is the picture that used to hang over the mantel in Mrs. Wollerton's room ! Yes, it is the same ; I know it is !' ' Do you wish to see me ?' asked a voice ; and Amy turned from the summer land-cape to meet the en quiring glance of the landlady. Taking a step forward, the girl raised one hand, and, in a voice scarcely above a whisper, asked : ' 'Is it possible that one whom I have believed to be dead for two lon;r years is alive ?' The landlady drew herself up haughtily. ' I am not a ghost that I know of. Will you come to busi ness, if you please, miss ?' Amy sprang forward, with a glad light in her eyes.. ' Don't you re cognise me. Aunt Louise? Have yon forgotten your little pet, Amy Jones? Ah, you know me now,' she replied, as a look of recognition passed over the old lady's face, and she opened her arms to receive her darling. ' Thank the Lord that He has let me live to s e this sight 1 Ob, Amy, how glad I am to look on your face again ! Poor child ! how I have longea to nave you with me after I heard that your papa had died !' And Amy did not doubt the sin cerity of her words when she felt' the pressure of her arms, the kisses j on her cheeks, and saw the glad ' tears rolling over her face. i ' Come, sit down, my dear, and let ! me look at you. Why, bless my soul ! you are a young lady, and I . had expected to see you a little girl still. Well, old folks think that the young must stand still, but they go on growing all the same. ' Now, tell me all about yourself.' Amy gave her entire history, omitting nothing that had happened since her father died, and Mrs. Wol lerton laughed and cried by turns, as her favourite told how she had battled so successfully with an ad verse fate, ending by saying that the one motive of her life was to fit herself for teaching. ' I shall never make myself known to the Merediths, nor do I wish them to know of me; so, auntie, I think I shall keep my new name, Ada Gascon. I have come to live with you now, if you can find a nook in your dear heart and home for me.' ' Of course Fll find one for you, and you shall go to school just as much as you want to. Don't shake your head, for I have some money, and nobody in the world to spend it on but yourself. Just to think of the trumped up lie of that rascally man who tried to get you into his power. Bless your heart, child, I have lived at tbe old place ever since, till last year, and I never sat an eye on him. Just to think that you have been living here two years in drudgery, aud I didu't know it.' ' Not drudgery, aunt. My life at Mrs. Garman's was rather pleasant.' 'Oh, yes, I dare say, nursing a spoiled child was rather pleasant.' ' I would rather do that than be dependent on any one,' was the quick reply. ' Just like your father. He was too proud to ask anything of his father-in-law, so his business went to the dogs. Don't you be too in dependent to do as I say.' ' I don't want to be a burden to you,' replied Amy. ' Who says you'll be a burden ? When 1 get tired of you Til tell you. I'll send for your trunk to morrow.' '* But, auntie, if you are really so well off, why do you keep boarders V asked the girl, with a quizzical look on her face, for she thought she had the advantage. ' Because I wanted something to do,' was the quick reply. ' You don't doubt my word, do you ?' ' No, no ; but I thought you said so to make me feel at ease. I would rather accept aid from you than any one.' *' You are coming to your senses,' saiti Mrs. Wollerton. ' It is a kind ness you are doing me, child, for I am lonely, aud oftimes sad because I have no youug face about me to make sunshine and music. Come with me, aud I'll show you to youi room.' She led the girl up to a large, airy bedroom, neatly furnished ; and when Amy was told that was to be hers, she caught her friend about the neck, and kissed her again and again, ' Go to sleep, my dear,' said the old lady) gently, ' so you may have fresh cheeks in the morning. Good night,' aud Mrs. WoUerton retired, leaving Amy to herself. A smile, half triumphant, halt' sarcastic played about the young girl's lips, ' The road to knowledge lies opeu before me,' Amy murmured, ' and if I do not garland my brows with the chaplet of knowledge, it is my fault. Dear aunt, how she took me in her arms, and kissed me so many times, and held me so tight tbat I could not breathe. The same kind heart, the same genial manner of old. Help from her does not gali and chafe like it would from tbe others.'1 But Mrs. Wollerfcon did not tell her of the many anxious visits that Oscar Meredith had made to her ; how he had tried every means in his power to find his niece. With a rare tact she saw at a glance that Amy was deeply prejudiced, and the fact that she had thrown aside her right name, only served to confirm her opinion ; so she wisely kept her own counsel, and determined to use a little strategy. To describe the feeling of quiet content that stole over the louely orphan girl, as she laid her head on the pillow tbat night, would be im possible; there was something heavenly in it ; no child to soothe in its broken slumbers, no bells to answer, no commands to obey ; for the first time in years she could do. e her eyes with the knowledge that she was mistress of her own movements, go to sleep -when she was tired, and awake when she willed. (To BE CONTIWIED ) 