Short Story. A Distillery Ghost. ? - It is not necessary to this story that I conjugate my verb ' to be' in. the past tense. In fact, it is a painful subject to me. so I will merely say that I am a tramp, of interest to no one, except fey chance to the farmer's dog or to the police. On the particular day of which Z speak I bad been walking since son rise along roads where the hot dust spurted under my shuffling steps, and where the sight of a solitary blotch, of shade was as grateful as the clink of ice to the thirsty. I carried a companion in my pocket, a little fiat, black companion, and every now and then, when the prospect became unusually dry and my hunger too insist ent, I raised to my lips that mouth which alone of all others had been constant to ine— -the mouth of the bottle. Towards afternoon, as I marched dog gedly on, I became aware of a sudden cool lapping of 'shadow over my should er, and glancing about I saw that a storm was beating up behind me. By some malevolent inspiration I re membered having heard that on this very road stood a. disused distillery, a favourite resting-place for travellers of my description. Not far ahead was a clump of pine trees, and behind them rose the outlines of an old chimney:. I hurried towards the place, plunging through a tangle of dusty weeds, and, sure enough, there stood the building of which I was in search, its sagging roof and bursting walk green with age. \- There were two holes ripped In the root, staring deep and empty as the eyes -»fa skull. I crawled under the door just in time, for the next moment ;the ra'ji came roaring down straight as melted lead. It must have been a dismal place at best, but now, under the thick eky and drumming rain-drops, it was particularly dispiriting. There were two rooms on the lower floor with no visible means of communication but a wide windows set in the walL The glass panes were unbroken, and the room be hind was perfectly dark. Connecting these rooms »vith the attic was a rickety staircase. The earthen floor was cover ed wirh a dank -mesb of pale grass blades. I cowered against the wall while ine storm boomed and crackled «ver my head, closing my eyes from time to time against the shock ef white fire that darted through the chinks and under the door. Presently, as I sat with my hot lids drawn down. I felt a startling sense of i some one looking at me ; I turned quick ly towards the window of which I have epoken. and there, pressed against the dark glass, was a face, peering at me steadily. Oh, the horror of that face ! for, as I looked, the outlines began to change and grow, like some great colour less jelly— a soft, human jelly oozing and spreading across the panes. I shut my «yes. a-d my heart battered my ribs. Again I looked, still the face was there, only this time the slack mouth drew back in a sl&ening; smile, and it ran out its blue tongue, licking its loose lips quietly. I started to my feet with a cry. and as I did so the window began to slide np. T drnnped to the floor weak with fear, nnd tlie *=ash fell into place again. Then I realised that I must lie there, absolute ly still, for if I rose, the window rose. ' too— lie there and look, while that face Seared at- me from behind the jr'ass. By-and-by it began to i'.v.-ii with a flaccid. gelatinous sv-;iy:ng. I n&w; it b-*nd over, and rs'w ^ometliing from the floor, some tliirvr rVit had been a man, but now hunp '. «*»i:«» Ifmply in its mouth. It pressed flip body against the window, lauehine silontlv. and I saw — myself! God help me ! for the first t!in« in this world I lo^Vnd into mv own fa««e. llyown face d'il I ^ay ? Xo. no ! &jme; bloated ani li'.-il. irorole. pimnled, with eyeballs so l)i,,,..i-t;!iot that they swroed to-be star 1n«r rarovpn a web of Ted lace. lT-*n- long I lay rhere I cannot tell. At last I moved, and my hand touched j:oir3*-M--Ti«r cold ; it was my bottle, the ooiKitaufoa of my -wanderings. I heir1 it sip. and paw tliat there was still a drop or two :n it. 1 drained it. to thp ?drrcs. and the ?lad tire warmed me and made me strong: At tli.-it nmiTipnt rhe Thmg began to raise ,:ts pallid, ln-rrible feelers, twist _ ing them about the body it held, snap ping the limbs off and dropping them into Its mouth, where the blue tonjjn» ?caressed 1 h«»m hungrily. It had ftuisl'oil its meal, but it still V.oi*t ita'vssue -?res on me, and then I realised that 1 wae moving, slipping -jn:et!y towards it ! I clutched at the rotting steps, and they crumbled to brown powder in my hands. I ground my lingers int« the earth until there was a trail of bloody mud after me. Then I made ore superhuman effort, dashed up the swaying staircase, and broke in to the attic. I slammed the door and threw myself against it, for I had seen that accursed window dart up. with a crash as 1 , leaped, and I knew that the Thing would follow me. and tear me .to pieces, and plunge me into its mouth, and mash and mangle me between its. tooth less gums ! The room where I found myself was ?dita and wet. 'Between the cracks in the wall a fla miner strip of sunset glowed like a fortre in the twilight. Every breath of Nature was hushed ?now. the rain came only in. loo=ply bl-own srusts.-and thp thunder had shud dered away ;nto silence- : ; my hair rose and my flesh jrrew rough and icy. for on the .stairway--' -was-' a soft creaking eocnd, th«n a steady pushing against the -Ioor. I hotvJiMi a^ond in my anpoisn. and the sound of my voice set the olace bel lowing with echo.es. My arm*! were torn, and the bones nearly snnnping from the pressure, and still I felt the door opening, opening ! There was a crunch— one rusty hinge dropped clattering to the floor, another and for a moment the door tottered and fell forward, nearly crushing me : but. mo, I was too quick, I- was mad wit'i fear. One instant only we stood look ing at each other, the Thin? framed in the empty door space, and I— a wild beast crazed with the fiercest race in stinct ; then I pluujrou forward and out tbroiijrh a rent iu the torn boardlnjr. I felt the wood snap and give, and the awful swoop of my fall, and knew that the Thing had hurled itself after me. I scrambled to my feet :iu-I went rush ing flying dawn tlie empty road. Tiie* wot, bushes' slapped my face anfl cluug, clammy as dead hands that would have stopped my Right, and all the time I heard the Tiling behind me — heard the plash of the paddles as it trailed through tlieni and the beat of Its formless steps. The moon was rising across the road, a great swollen disk, sanguine and threatening. 1 remember every scene : the jerky flitting of a bat, the dark spray of some hanging vine, and rhe pounding of my own steps. I remem ber catching my ragged shoe in a root that had crawled out from the hedge, and hearing a' deep, horrible chuckle ; then I fell forward — and remember no thing more. ' If was midnight .vuen I became con scious again. The moon had shrunk in to the zenith, and was looking at me with its little white ej-e. I was very weak, and my hands were stiff with dry blood. There was not a living thing in sight, ouly the pale ribbon of the de serted road and the gray fields stretch ing away to tlie sky. Par on my left stood a clump of pine trees ; behind them rose the outlines of an old chimney, and. sick as I was, I went hobbling through the night till the place was lost to view. Then I crawled into a damp hayrick— and slept— Julie Closson Kenly, in the ?* Weekly Sun.' 