NOVEL. mm molly. By MA.RY A. DENISON. CHAPTEE: XVI.— (Continued.) , . V There's not the ghost of a chance. Now put on' the the hat,' said Molly, and then stood back, her head on one side, her glance critical: , 'Try' the bonnet,' she went on, deftly lifting 'the pretty trine of silk and lace. 1 Ah, that'B; it ; that aigrette was just what was needed,. My dear, I hope he will see you. You've co idea bow pretty you are.' -''-?As the two girls left Paradise Plats that ?ievening, they met Sebastian bringing ,t baby Bassett home. The child's beautif ul ^ face lighted at sight of them, and, with '' aUabe's quick, heavenly smile, be hold out '!hifliitt)lea.rmsi::-., v ..?-. ;r.!tBeineJ!qllow^, very petite, bright and .delicately, fair:. in. her now muslin dress; which M-Sliy' had helped her to finish the 1 day 'Before. ? ??'''- ' ??'? ?'- ? .. c-v.niytfvQ been taking a long walk,' whis pered-tho; happy, lit tie urife and mother. . ,yae has. not had a bad turn for a whole week. — and 'God' bless' you!' the cried 'VdfBy from a full heart: ;????? ; .':«?.- ?fVln!^tte.ftHbristocratic.ca8e. .-.--? . juFhe-johapel was ; brilliantly lighted, the i -.congregation .large. ,,-s .. i . ;t Molly and. her friend .were given seats in the side' ififtt formed one wing of the 'c)&'p-el.''and 'EnBign. 'Harry slirank into tho -corner of the pew,- as far from tlie ^glare of : iiigflts as possible. ? . ,, .... \\.,Tl}e chancel was decorated with flowers. Oii tHe ^edge of the velvet-lined lectern 'Btdoda vaBe of calla lilies, everyone a ?perfect- blossom, .white, massive, and /fragrant. , ; . ? . ' ? r, ji A young man clad in clerical robes caine forward. Molly felt her dress grasped hard, and 'knew that thfe -wa-s the -Bev. Mr. Flagler. ' Sho hadjno opportunity then to form any conclusions aB : ;U- his appearance, for she felt the weight of Ensign Harry, and feared that she had fainted. She turned. ' The 'English' girl.-windeed, made no sign, but Molly drew; a ..little closer, obtained .jpofisebsiou of her hood, and thus they sat, the one nerveless j .and constrained, the .other striving to impart her own strength to' her 'friend. ' '-' v In the rectorVpaw sat two women, oue the'rectoi's^rife.. the other not so young, dressed in a tan colour silk and wool travelling dress, her boniiet nodding witli tiny plumes, her small hands exquisitely gloved; in one of them a prayer book bound in old ivory. In her face there was lack of spiritual beauty, but the correct classical outlines, tlie heavy-lidd«d hluu 'eyes, and the faultless complexion be jtra.yed a tiaxon origin, and the 'air .aristocratic' breathed from all her move ments. Molly's heart sank. She had sometimes resorted to the chapel on Sucday evenings with KuEsell . Stacy, and she knew which was the rectory pew. She said to her self,— ' ' That woman is rich, refined, well-born, and worldly, and she is the wife of Mr. .-.Fiagler.'. .. . .And the exptcted lecture commenced. The huud enclosed in Molly's grasp grew 'cold'as ice and then trembled violently. Smooth, eloquent, and versatile, : the ad dress moved on. The lecturer looked about him a' good dual, a bold self i assertion in his glances-r-or so Molly thought. ...... ' lie is effeminate,' she mused. 'That 'face; with the '' over-large eyes, the small mouth, tho- florid coinpioKion, --and the ?ismootu expressionless lorshead, is not the face Ojfa man willijig, it ueed be, to figlit ior the' truth. '.'Prospurity ib his God ; ' jjo'vc'rty would miiko him pusillanimous 'and?a; slave to the great. I -don't like . Jlltn.' :'.; . . . . .jitu^now something unexpected hap pened. The man with his sweeping glances at last took in the pale, beautiful, '?seJious faee of Ensign Harry, framed in thftiditinty.'StyliEh hat. for one second he turnejdwnite, swayed, and clutched at the lectern. Kverbody saw bis agitation, everybody wondered. ?????? '?' 1?hen ;he took »' glass of -.water, wet his'pai chad lips; ibracedliimself anew, and iWenfc-on witt». jiie weti-octXert-.d .address, -, buj: .not pnoa aftijrwards did bis eyes wan tier iroui the written page. ' 'Alter all, he must iiave loved her,' 'Moljy Baid to herself, with a sad, forebod cing heart.,. ,,-. ... : , .Amid the , low, .decorous, murmuring swell of voices' that goes along tho aisle 'with the people aB they leave tho temple, one«ould hear the 'comments of.the con gwgation.' :.. -.??1;, /-/?..«?..-. ;, . .;.f(V«cj;,JUpei,*, -fiaid. a.Jady near Molly, who would have screamed at the thought 6f toucliing relb6wn ''with a -Salvationist. ''Quite 6loqumiL«-Did yomsea the lady iu ^the Lectoi'fi'pew f;. XiiutiB his bride: this . iB tbiir wedding trip. She is very rich, — indeed, enormously wealthy, to I hear, — and a lady by title. Yes, he made a vury fine nitttch; clergymen ara .sometimes quite fortunate, , donit jyoa inow F Oh, . .yes, a little older than he, I should think But- that ibpnnet^-waan't 1* « dreUn f ; Well, she can afford it: she has millions.* Ensign Harry -clutched Molly's arm just ;hen. Ab they vent out of church it was qiuteU&wiav;^iifeSk'^ r'* ??''iiV,:- -: 'Don't speak, to me; don'ji please, say a, -word,' we English^girl ^TOiirmured at most ,convulBive&. 'Jt is ^allorer, and,! ^ram punished.' . And then, in less than a minute afterwarda/iia a, voice fall -of anguish. l^Wh.yf don't iron. fa(Jk f. Oh, Mollv. Molly, say somethinff to comfort jne, or I ehsll go inad.' : . C- , ? Lot all fail if heaven fail not,' Holly made .answer, in a soft, sweet voice. . . 'Qh, thank you, thank you,' . the girl epote rapidly. ?' All has. failed! How do . I. know but. heaven wiEP Oh, Molly, he j cawme!' she gasped. ;. ;'. ; \- ^5Tes, he saw you,: that .was evident to me, and puzzling to the congregation, no' doubt/. Molly answered, asking, heraelf in eilence what his wife would , be likely to; say to him about it, ... , '} ; ' A niiflt;jCame over my- eyes. . Didn't he stop?' 'Harry asked. -_, .'; .' .. .... .. ; ' He not only, stopped, but almost lost ihis wits. Somebody said coming out that it was spasms . of the Jieart : people always act that (way from that cause.' ? --^Che, vpyageof memory !' .jJoBigsi Harry! murmured. .'Oh, no, he can't have for gotten. And his face — what did you think of it? Ah mo, whydo I eak P' i ' It was not the face of . a high- toned man — I mean in the best sense of the word. Helikes good dinners and flattery in moderate doses. He couldn't preach for hie life if he didn't write his sermons.' ' Oh, Molly !is that your estimate of the man I lore?' She hod not yet nerved herself to speak of his wife. . ; ' Of the man you did love,' Baid Molly. 'It is a sin to love him sow that he is married.' \ . , ; Ensign Harry was Bilont after that. ? 'Let me go into your room, dear/ she said, as they went upstairs together. She took off the pretty trifle of silk and feathers. As she held out her band, ft far-away look in her face, a stirring, blast came from a cornet, with the click , of castanets , . and the roll of the drum, as the men and women joined in singing 'Bescue the perishing.' The Salvation section marched sturdily along in the street below, on their way from some gathering. Tears 'stood ^ in Ensign Harry's eyes. . . ?: . ' Blessed little company !' she said, her v,oice trembling, 'humble, faithful, happy!. Here, Molly; thanks, for yonr. kindness, dear,' as she- handed; her the .bonnet. ' I'll never again take «$ the badge of pay — liberty — wherewith Christ hath made me free.' ???.?. ??.-?! CHAPTER XVm. .OOBSIN iiUCl'6 EEIQN. The road to home happiness lies over small : etepjjing-stones. 'Mt dkab Molly, ? 'I saw you last night in. Bt. Luke's Chapel, clothed and seemingly in your right mind. What does it mean? Why were you at the lecture delivered by the celebrated English clergyman ? Are you cowing back to the -faith ? T^st night .you were at home. It cannot .be that you prefer the slums 1 . Tour cousin , wishes you to return. She is lonely (I don't re member ;that yon ever considered -it lonely, here). I had a letter from .EueboII Stacy. .He was in Paris.-rgaid nothing definite as , to his return. .'Let me hear that you. have come to jour senses. Isn't there a -commandment in some old book, 'Honour thyj father and thy mother' P To.be:Bure it doesn't »ay obey, but I am old-fashioned enough to think- that to a father obedience is due! However, I don't force you. If you won't leave,, stay till you tire of them or they tire of you. ' ? . ™ . ' Your Father.' Molly had often written to her father, but the banker had never answered her ' letters. This was the first written word she had received from him. The sight of Molly dressed as he had been wont to see her, so touched his exacting heart that this short note was the result. Lucy, his neice, had been for a time very happy in the midst of all her finery. When first invited to bucome a habitant of her uncle's home, her delight knew no bounds. The large, oool house, a parlour and boudoir secured to herself; seemed literally like paradise to her. To have her own joaid, pJeniy of spending money, and a fine wardrobe, was as near being in a state of beatitude as she could imagine. Molly's maid stayed on because she was confident that Miss Stanley would come back some time. She could not endure that any one should take the place of her well-beloved young lady. ' She never gave herself no airs, she didn't,' muttered the girl. ' Anyone could see which was the lady.' Molly had declined more than half the invitations sho received t« social gather ings. Lucy accepted every one with eagerness, Consequently 6he was some what faded that first winter, and her uncle often waited for her till the toast was cold. ' My dear, Molly never kept me waiting,' he said now and then, and his very 6oul rebelled against the edict he had given that his daughter was not yet to come to the house. 'The little fool! the little blank fool!' he would mutter, between his teeth, only U6 profanity was very much more pro noun cod. 'But she is true grit;' and he i-aded with a fit of admiration for her courage. He seldom went into society, so he heard but few of the remarks of the busybodieB svho pitied him and condemned Molly in the same breath. Home was not the same to him now. He was a, proud man, and in his way very fond of Molly. Her stately beauty, — at least she seemed stately to him, though she was by no means tall, — her sweet good-morning kiss, — Lucy seldom kissed him, and he did, not care for her to do so, — her real love for him, for himself alone, — Lucy's face beamed only Khen he gave her her allowance, — hur whole ? gracious loveliness, in all home ministrations, were constantly in his memory. Lucy helped him on with his coat some times; she -kept his dressing-gown and slippers in the right place; she tried to remember- what made for his comfort; but wns not. -always successful, Molly never forgot things. Her habits were fixed, ? ? ? ? CHAPTEE XIX. THE PKOFKSSOK's VERDICT. The meaning of harmony goes deap. The windows, of Professor. Andrpmos's musical conservatory .were.open to the soft breezes o£ the ocean. The professor lived in an . unfashionable quarter of the city, but iu spite of that he was the musical lion of the day. Everybody knew that he chose the placi because of its beauty -and healthfulness, to say nothing of the size of the monster rooms. The professor gave instruction only in piano »nd violin. The latter instrument, in his hands; told wild btories of love and rouiftnco, and ho was daily petitioned by courtly dames to give lessons to their sous and daughters at fabulous rates. Opposite the house was an old- fashioned square, daintily laid out with flowering shrubs, trees, and Southern plants. Iron ?jsOjftMjeipf iiJiese resting-plaoe» satifaitg ifljTjia, The quiver of late, bbBBOmE.fo. lit djuwing J-ycfiM? soft air, etfn$a.hex,Bpul,i6 «elogy.:4 Jferidaep. .jjnsfcrans, vtiptatajd eyes moved delighted from one fiojral beauty to another. . ?.-, ^utsvas^eatly^dnsBsed, -yet *or«.'|iie impress *f /povjerly in :eonie curiously;«n. deflned way. Perhaps 7it; was i^he stamp that penury, Buffering, *nd self-denial h»d left' upon her face, and that dung to her person.-.' ?-. si ?,' : . ? ??-.. ?? -.- Her hair, abundant, glossy,. and icare- ? fully dressed, flowed in loose, short curie 1 from under a yrini'little^rjuit. Lying, ?across her' lap, the green baize bag -in ?which -she carried . her - treasure, ; Jield^in ? .place by n shapely hand, appealed pathetic-' ally to the passer-by, proclaiming her vocation-as that of a street musician. - _. . Once or twice the child looked opposite, up to the window banked and hanging with exquisite- ^wreaths pi; .colour, .and contrasting :.,'g«Uea1^i7 .witihthe pearlyi fray- tones of the groat house, built overa century s^p. ? ; , ? '''?-..: ? i ; Presently the door of the great mansion opened, -and a young girl came. out, lightly patting the head of the stone lion: that guarded the steps. : ,'. She has a. splendid dress on, -like all the rest,' murmured Nan, with a little; iin-; satient Bierh. . ' And some of them come ,iu carriages,' Bhe went on, aa a handsome equipagewith glints of yellow Jight«n*he panels drove up. and the footman opened the door for his dainty, mistress. . : ... ?Ah, nobody seems to be coming out any more.: now it is your turn, little beggar.' She drew from the pocket of her dress Holly's letter in a square white, .envelope. .Meantime the professor was through with ihis -work for the -day. He : left the , piano, where he had 'been busy evolving a bright sweet prelude, and stood looking into the square, his face framed in the vines sand gorgeously coloured blooms- that -he' cultivated .in window pots. A knock sounded at the. door. ' Come in,' he said, then in a more im patient voice, 'Come in. ..Don'-tyou hear? The door opened. -The -great professor stared and wondered. - Never had a creature so hopelessly plebeian crossed the threshold before. Generally his usher, a gorgeous creature in .gold and bine, : heralded the visitor with a card on a silver salver. How oame this one nn heraldadf ?The lower door was open, sir. I didn't ring, -but came upstairs,', said the child ?in a frightened voica. - 'Ah! I'll give Pierre the devil for this,', growled the professor. Then, seeing the child's frightened eyes, eyes like those of loina startled, beautiful animal, he changed hie tone : 'Well, well, child, quick, what do you wantP I haven't a dime — no, nor a penny; bat g-ood ;Lord, there's a quarter —take it and go. . I can't waste my time, ?' Oh, sir, I didn't come begging. ' Did you think I had, to you? I' don't want the quarter, sir. I earn quarters, myself,; sometimes. Butyon spo my father, wasia musician, and I'd like to forget. Here's ?& letter for you, sir,' . Th,e child had hardly recovered from her fright, but she was a bravelittle thing, and swallowed' tho imajy that kept rising in her throat. ' This man looked so grand, so utterly out. of reach, in iis black'; silk velvet' dressing gown faced with red satin, and the - plush smoking-cap under 'which' his grey hair curled like'a boy-. ... .- - His eyes -were very -Tilack and piercing, ^too, and seemed to look ,her through and thrbugh. ' Tes.'she was brave to keep her courage -.up and the tears1 down. His pupils were generally morfc afraid of him than she. Taking the letter, the professor went to wards the window, where Nan's startled, anxious glances took in. all .the glory of the Southern, verdure. . He put on hie gold-rimmed glasses, and red as follows : .?Dear Professor Andeohos, — 'Tou will remember that ,1 have been yonr pupil ever since I was six yoars old. That was for twelve years. Now I have a favor to ask you, a very great favor. I don't know that yon will care to grant it, but, ah ! if you only will ! ?Little Nan Gartia, who will hand you this letter, is a proteges of mine. I thiuk, though a poor little orphan of Italian parentage, she is a diamond in the rough. If not, then surely I am no judge of precious things in human nature. She has also a violin that, must be of great value, for it has been in her family, as far as I can learn, nearly two hundred years. Her great-great-grandfather played, uppn it, and it has the ; appearance of exjbreme age, as well si the Bilvery, resonant tones of a masterpiece. Please, dear professor, don't frighten the little creature with your patrician manner, and sent word to mo the very least for which you will give her one lesson a week, that is, if in your estimation she is worth the effort. I have found her quick, teachable, and far beyond her ago in musical matters. Sho is, I ? think, gifted with remarkable genius. ' Your friend and .pupil, * AioLLT Stanley.' ' Ah !' and ft strong fao.p took on a gleam of good nature as he pulled his long droop ing moustache. ' I can't refuse what my child asks me, can I ?' He loaked np reflectively. ? HiB 'child; Molly had always been from the time he first looked over her golden head at the grand piano and laughed because tho little one could not reach the pedals. He cast a furtive glance at the 'girl standing, there. ' Good eyes,' he said to himself under his breath. Presently he saw a solitary tear roll over the pale brown cheek. The sight touched him. ' So you bave an old violin, eh ?' he said, briskiy. ' Want to sell ?' ' Oh, no, sir. It belonged, to my., father,' she said, 6imply, ' and my father . is dead.' ,'Ab, so: dead, is he P Did he play?' -?iHo played in . orchestra. Once he was a leader, but after his . long sickness he lost his piaco. At. last he had to play in the street to support mother, and me. Mother is dead tog/; she went .on, in a low § voice. , :? (To be continued.) . Italy'B ineoma from foreign visitors is estimated at ,£8,000,000 a year. There ere fewer suicides proportionately in Ireland tlian any European country. A large hailetose craeked in tw«.i» as it struck the road in Kentucky, during it hailstorm, and out stepped a lizard two inches long. Asia Minor was the chief opium market; until thotwelfth century. The. Chinese obtained the drug in the thirteenth century. Besidente of England. have .£110,000,000 invested ia niortgages^n^oreijgrn conntries. These investments annually drain the foreign countries of about j6i5,50O,O0O in hard cash. Waves travel faster than the wind which causes them, and in the Bay of Bis cay in calm weather a heavy sea fre quently rolls in on the coast twenty-four hours . before the gale, which ' causes it arrives, 