MAINLY ABOUT PEOPLE. The Tokio Labor World says that tho factory system of Japan "is "simply a slaughtering house of human beings." It is estimated that the rebellious Chinese have been quietly accumulating rifles for the' past three years, at the rate of 20,000 per month. The Powers greatly underestimated their strength. 'A Japanese Christian minister, writing of the divorces'in Japan during the recent year, says there were 358,380 marriages and 11G.775 divorces. This is roughly one divorce to every three marriages ! Editors in Servia have reason to keep " mum " regarding Govcrmental affairs. One paper there, during the past two years, has had 16 editors, and fifteen of them are in gaol for commenting too freely on legisla- . tive enactments. In her early teens Madame Melba developed a voice of such remarkable beauty that by the time sho was nineteen people were always asking her to take part in concerts as an amateur. So great was her success that in a little while her friends began to urge her to take up singing professionally, and when she was. about twenty she went to England to study. Li Hung Chang's wife, the Marchioness Li, is reckoned a great beauty, and sho is also one of the cleverest women in her coun try. She must bo considerably over 50 or GO years of ago ; but she looks scarcely, a day over 35, and her toilettes evoke tho ad miration of all who see them. Her garments are calculated to he no fewer in number than 3000 or 4000. Professor Tesla, thogreat electrician, thinks that a man has just so many hours to be awake, and the fewer of these he uses up each day the more days they will last. Ho says. " I believe that a man might live 200 years if he would sleep most of tho time. The reason why negroes live to such an advanced age is because they sleep so much." An amusing incident happened just before the exodus of Boer families from Pretoria. A police inspector who was making a house- to-house visitation called upon a lady. "Have you any relatives still fighting, inadame?" he asked. "Sir," said the lady indignantly, " I am Mrs. Louis Botha." " H — m," murmured the inspeotor, " I believe a party of that name is lighting still." The Australian war correspondent, "Smiler" Hales, son of Archdeacon Hales, of Tasmania, is described by tho British Army and Navy Gazette as one of tho most' brilliant and the most inaccurate newspaper writers upon the South African campaign. Ho has had experience of the Boers as their prisoner, and his captors' kindness towards himself perhaps induced him to see the Dutch people through rose-coloured spectacles. Queen Victoria, when a girl, was passion ately fond of climbing walls and trees. One day, at Malvern, she climbed a tall apple tree, and was unable to get down. A young man, named Davis, a gardener, was attracted by her cries, got a ladder, and brought, her down in safety. Deeply grateful sho opened her purse and gavo him a sovereign. Davis framed it and ever since has been proud to tell tho tale and show the gold piece. A stock name for the United States is Uncle Sam. This .originated from a vulgar misconception of tho initial letters U.S. (United States) for those of tho well-known sobriquet of an official whoso business it was to mark them on all Government property. Tho numerous acquaintances of this person understood that tho goods, so marked had passed through the hands of Uncle Sam, and the joke becoming popular it spread far and wide, until in the end it was considered far too good to allow it to drop. The present Mikado of Japan has done more towards raising the status of women than any of his predecessors. Stained teeth and shaven eyebrows have been abolished — at least so far as the ladies havo been amenable to argument and influence on these subjects. His wife not only shares his throne, but is consulted by him on matters of national im portance. Moreover, she has a place at his table— an honor granted to the wife of no previous' Japanese ruler. The late King Humbert loft a very hand some patrimony, estimated at from £800,000 to £1,200,000. His father was generous to' tho point of prodigality, and left only an in heritance of debts, which his son paid to the last farthing. In the twenty-two years of his reign King Humbert put aside at least £40,000 a year from his civil list, the greater part of which ho spent in acquiring vast estates in Piedmont and also in the neigh bourhood of Rome and Monza. . In one county in Illinois there were 833 divorces in a single year ; a Massachusetts county had 600. A county in Maino boastod of 478, and another in Connecticut 401\. Our divorce laws are not worthy of the name. A woman divorced from her husband in New York is forbidden to marry, again in this State. If she does so the marriage is illegal. But sho may take a three-hours' trip to Connecticut, get married, and return to New York, where her marriage will be legally rocognised. — New York journal. The manner in which the Boer generals leave their wives about savors of carelessness, but it may be productive of some indirect good. We hoar, remarks tho Daily News of 1st August, that Mrs. Botha was dining with Lord Roberts on Monday evening. "We may not unreasonably suppose that sho was charmed with her host, and that her anti- British prejudices may have undergone some modification. Mrs. Steyn, at Fouriesburg, has likewise come under equally genial influence. " The husbands of these ladies are, however, still irreconcilable. Tho latest curiosity in sectism is reported from Georgia. In a letter to the Rev. Lyman Johnston, editor of. the Toledo Stumhlinystone, a correspondent writes: — "The worst and wildest fanaticism I over saw in my life is raging in this region. It is the Fire Baptized Association. They, aro holy rollers and dancers. They boast of five distinct works of grace : — 1, conversion ; 2, sanctification ; 3, baptism with the Holy Ghost ; 4, baptism \- of fire; 5, tho heavenly dynamite: Free Methodists are nowhere compared to this. H. J. Irwin, of Lincoln, Neb., is the pro genitor of this latest travesty on true religion." . 