Notes. Among the distinguished visitors who wore spoken of as ootning to' Rome early this year, the year of jubilee, ono of the most interesting is M. Ferdinand Brunetiere, the eminent airootor of the ' Revue des Deux MondoH,' perhaps the most influential of European reviews. It is rumoured that this visit will coinoido with bhe oflloial announcement of his conversion to the Oftbhoho Church. Ib will bo a now phaso in tho modern porlodioal litorature of Franoo to find tho diroobor of tho ' Rovuo dosDoux MondoB ' a Catholic ? Its original found or, M, Buloz, had no religion, aa that word ia ordinarily undorabood. Mr. Morley'a 'Life of Gladsbone' is not ? expected until 1901. It will nob be an ordinary biography or a history of bhe Liberalism of bhe period, the author's chief aim being to portray the real Gladstone and to place before the world his far-reaching aspirations, the inner reasons for his policies, and the deep hidden causes of his lines of action. ? ? * ' The Paraolete, a Manual of Instruction and Devotion,' by Rev. Father Marearius Fiege, O.M., Cap., is a book of instruction and devotion compiled in honour of God the ? Holy Ghost. It bears tho Imprimatur of the the Arnhbishop of Now York, and is pub liahed by Benm'ger Brothers. Tho preface of this little volume tells us thab special devotion to the Holy Ghost, the Third Person of tho most Adorable Trinity, so strongly advocated and reoommendod by his Holiness the Sovereign Peniifi', Leo. XIII., is mosb opportune ; unrl ib io iv healthy sign of bho times to nolica that his fatherly advice has nob been lefb unheeded. In the ? pages of 'Tho Paraolelo'a series of in structions and devotions is offered to the faithful to enable them to acquire and practice genuine devotion to tho Holy Ghost. Tho book contains morning and night prayers, ns well aa a devout mothod of hearing Mass and a preparation for Con i'e^sBion an-1 Holy Communion. Wo bruab this manual may have a ready safe. In Amerioa Catholics have a twofold work bo porform, and higher or holier task God never intrusted bo human agents. We have bo upbuild and firmly establish in this now world of universal opportunity, feverish energies and tumultuous passions, tho Church whioh has been handed down to ub through bhe centuries, and which sprang from the mind and hoarb of Christ, uttering Himself on the cross ; and we have to do our part in purifying, uplifting and civilising tho masses to which wo belong, and who, if thoy aro to be and to remain capable of self rulo, must be taught by soienoo, morality, and roligion to govorn themselves. Certainly, aocording to tho revelations of bho laBt census, American women come out ahead of any othors in tho matter of enter prise. While wo are marvelling at tho temority_ of a Melbourne woman taking out an auctioneer's lioenoo, tho United States has nearly 1,000,000 women ongaged in pro fessional Boryico. Three millions more earn thoir living in different ways, and for real ingenuity, ib would be hard to beab bho means some few of bhem have adopted. A faob foundry— or an agency for supplying facts upon any subjoot at a short uotice— is bho indusbry of bwo Chioago damsols. Pack ing brunks is a Sb. Louis woman's industry. The mosb flourishing conservatory and rose1 garden, in Elmira, New York, is ownod and, managed by a woman. An enbiro blook of housoB in New York was papered by a yount? woman, who bakes bho oonbraob for suoh orders from largo builders. Writing lovo letters at so muoh a letter is. ono way of earning a. livelihood. Consult ing fashion expert is a St. Louis woraan'B occupation. Ono of tho largoat flower im porting establishments in Now York is managod by a woman. Only two women' appear to havo qualifiod themBolvea as. 14 vets.,' but that tho horso figures in many of thoir adopted industries is proved by thov number of thorn who aob as mail carriers io out of tho way districts. Tho ' horsiest ' young woman, however, is probably she who ? personally 'runs' a vory olass blaok-. smith's buBinosB. Female dotocbivoa num. ? her 1079, and as writ servers several women are employed with great BuooeBB. Far more - wholoBomo- minded oroaturos than those last are a small army of successful tanoh ownerB ? bhough for ontorpriao perhaps Boston, with its two large advertising agoncios, tho mem bors of both firms boing women, and all' thoir employees women, holds tho record. 