ALONG THE COAST. FROM ROCKHAMPTON TO GLAD- STONE. ROUND ABOUT RAGLAN. (By Berserker.) Leaving Langmorn Station we travel twelve miles towards the east, over undu- lating country with occasional ridges, and arrive at the hamlet of Raglan. We halt at the Raglan Hotel, conducted by Mr. E. Parsons, and secure a room for the night, prior to commencing a tour of the farming district the following day. Mr. Parsons has been in the district since the year 1869\. Near the hotel he has 1184 acres, and another holding of 1800 acres some distance away. The land is being chiefly used for cattle grazing, that near the hotel serving to accommodate drover's cattle and travellers' horses. The morning after our arrival we seek out Mr. D. M'Donald, the only storekeeper in the village. Mr. M'Donald may be con- sidered the moving spirit in the commu- nity. He is convinced that Raglan, being a convenient centre between Gladstone and Rockhampton, must eventually assume some importance, especially when rail com- munications is established. A tour in the neighbourhood among the farmers already cultivating the soil and a cursory survey of the splendid agricultural lands awaiting development bring the impression that the district must attain a position with the thriving communities springing up in many parts of the colony. From what could be seen of the modes of working, together with the industrial habits of the settlers, it is obvious that the nucleus of that bold class of yeomanry essential to a country's strength has seated itself here. The settlers complain of the lack of faci- lities in reaching Rockhampton markers with their produce. The pointed out that when maize was a, good price in Rockhamp- ton, opportunities are frequently pre- sented to take advantage of the rise in value were they able, to reach the mar- ket in time. On the other hand maize could be landed in Rockhampton from the southern portion of the colony before that from Raglan. The cutter Rose serves the settlement. The boat is twenty tons re- gister, and makes about four trips a month. Raglan Creek is navigable for small craft from Port Alma for a distance inland in a straight line of about eight miles, but owing to the tortuous course taken by the clock, the distance traversed by the boats is nearer forty miles. The total distance from the wharf at the head of Raglan Creek to Rockhampton is estimated at 100 miles, while by rail it will be only thirty-four miles. The settlers exclaim, "So near and yet so far. They are justly chagrined at their position, when it is considered that the South Queensland far- mers can obtain cheaper freight and quicker transit from Brisbane to Rockhampton than they can from Raglan to Rockhamp- ton. There are about 40,000 acres of suit- able land for agricultural purposes avail- able in the district, which for maize, fruit, vegetable, and oat growing would be diffi- cult to surpass. In some places the land is covered with dense scrub, but withal its superior productive qualities would com- pensate for the extra labour in clearing. We form a party of five or six and visit the settlement, known as Hourigan's Creek. The head of the settlement on the creek is about five miles from the Raglan Post Office. Mr. W. Wilson, the genial and obliging post and telegraph master, and Mr. M'Donald go with us as guides, Hourigan's Creek, was so named on ac- count of its being the locality where the blacks concerned in the murders of the whites at Mount Larcombe Station, forty- five years ago, were overtaken when flee- ing from the police. A trooper named Hourigan had the first shot, bringing down a huge nigger. The journey along the valley through which the creek takes its course forms a pleasant vista, walled in places with dense foliage of the deepest green, affording a cool shade. The vine scrub and supplejack en- twine the larger trees in a perfect network. Here and there a cultivated farm, as if hewn out of the jungle, is met, the whole forming an interesting and picturesque rural scene. We continue to the head of the settlement, and arrive at the farm owned by Mr. E. Woodroffe. He has 160 acres, ten of which he has cleared and cul- tivated, growing to a great extent maize, lucern, English potatoes, oats, and vege- tables. The soil is a black and chocolate loam, and highly fertile. Adjoining Woodroffe's is a holding of similar area owned by Mr. W. Ramm. Twenty acres are cleared and under culti- vation here. Mr. Ramm has shown him- self to be a very industrious settler, and the amount of labour he has performed single-handed gives mute testimony in the stale of his holding, surrounded as it is by a dense forest of scrub. To clear the land was a herculean task : but Mr. Ramm has succeeded in a manner which reflects great credit. The products are similar to those mentioned previously. As we come down the creek on our re- turn we see the holding owned by Mr. H. Shepperd, containing 100 acres, twelve of which are cleared. He is producing the same class of crop as those already re- ferred to. Opposite, across the creek, is the holding of Mr. H. Farlow and that of Mr. J. Sinclair, containing 160 and 100 acres respectively. Mrs. Tum- mon and Mr. Woodroffe also have selections of 120 and 100 acres re- spectively on the same side and in prox- imity to those mentioned. The settlers are engaged in working the land similarly to those described. Captain Fossey, of the cutter Rose, has a farm lower down, which he selected nine years ago, containing 160 acres. Thirty acres have been cleared here and cropped with maize, lucern, and potatoes, with good results. All these farmers do more or less dairying and pig raising. They have good prospects, especially when they at- tain a position to enable them to combine and establish factories for the treatment of dairy products and bacon. Of course until rail communication is available, it will be difficult to make any progress in that direc- tion without sufficient produce is raised to support a co-operative factory. When facilities are afforded to reach Rockhamp- ton, a goodly milk supply would be forth- coming to support a butter and cheese fac- tory were one established there. We continue our return journey until we arrive within about a mile of the Rag- lan township, when we come to the pro- perty of Mr. G. Naish. There are 120 acres in the holding, of excellent soil. Mr. Naish came to Rockhampton twenty- five years ago, where he followed commercial pursuits for a few years. Having always a desire for the cultivation of the soil, he selected the present holding eighteen years since, and commenced business as a hus- bandman. His holding, now become a free- hold, has a homestead which is a model of neatness and comfort. Situated on a rise near the roadside, it commands a view of the cultivated portions of the farm lying in the valley below. The soil, of which six- teen acres have been cultivated, is a deep alluvium bordering Hourigan's Creek. Lu- cern and maize grow prolifically. The maize crops, given a fair season, have rea- lised between forty and seventy bushels to the acre, while the root crops such as potatoes have been none the less success- ful. An orangery containing 100 trees looks well from the eminence on which the dwelling stands, while farther on the green crops of maize, at the time of our visit, imparted a livelier tone to the dark foli- age which finds congenial habitat in the course of the creek. It is a pleasing bit of landscape, and portends an extensive rural area, when others further realise that a competency awaits them in emulation of the labours of those who have made their homes here. Mr. Naish still follows the business of a commercial traveller, his peregrinations extending all over the fare west to the border. The prevailing drought has, how- ever, this year debarred his travelling, and he has in consequence remained at home to work on the farm. While away, he man- ages the farm by correspondence. Mrs. Naish and the Misses Naish are enthusiasts in agriculture, and they do the supervising during the absence of the chief. The cot- tage home is almost embowered with trail- ing vines and creeper flowers, trained and tended by the feminine hand. Mr. Naish has an apiary from which he gets about two ton's of honey annually. He has re- ceived high encomiums for the product, which finds a ready sale in the western country. It is arranged in neat tins, la- belled Cedar Valley, the name of the farm. The marmalade manufactured from the Seville oranges, which grow well in the locality, also has won fame for its purity and pleasant taste. These items are cited to show what can be done on a farm where energy and enterprise are among the quali- fications of the farmer. Among the plea- sant evenings spend at Raglan were those at Cedar Valley Farm, where music, mirth and jollity help to while away the hours. Perhaps the most important holding in the neighbourhood is that of Mr. J. P. Christiansen, containing 528 acres, situated two and a-half miles from Raglan, along the Gladstone - Rockhampton Road. Mr. Christiansen hails from Denmark, a coun- try noted for industrious agriculturists. The soil is a rich alluvium, the crops of maize obtained from it being very heavy. From thirty-four acres an average of forty bushels to the acre is returned. Forty acres are under cultivation, a portion being set apart, for a garden, in which are seen papaws, custard apples, guavas, mulberries, mangoes, oranges, lemons, mandarins, and Japanese plums. Arrowroot shows a re- markable growth, its broad green leaves giving evidence of the suitability of soil and climate. Mr. Christiansen constructed a machine for grating the roots from which the arrowroot is obtained, and is thus enabled to make enough for home use. It is a product that would apparently pay well ; but it requires proper mills and up- to-date machine to treat it profitably. When maize is low in price it in stored in tanks. By this method of storing wee- vils will not get into it for at least twelve months, when the price is, as a rule, im- proved to an extent to warrant it being disposed of. In a substantial barn we found one of Hardwicke's corn shellers, worked by horse gear. This machine is estimated to shell eight bags an hour. Chaff-cutting machinery and other minor implements are here also. Forty cows are milked on an average, the butter and cheese being sent to Rock- hampton by boat. The dairy cattle are of Shorthorn and Hereford breeds. The dairy is built with modern improvements as to ventilation and equipment, but no separa- tor was noticeable, the milk being set in pans and skimmed in the old style. There are twenty hives of bees. An up-to-date appliance was seen in the shape of a, honey extractor. Sixty pigs are raised annually. The Berkshires are the breed favoured, and Mr. Christiansen states that their fatten- ing qualities and ham and bacon propor- tions are not to be surpassed. The bacon is sent to Rockhampton. Mr. Christiansen selected the holding in 1867, and he is to be commended for his industry, which is no doubt respon- sible for the fine property he has won from a state of nature, unaided by finan- cial or other assistance. It is an object lesson worthy of the cognisance of the rising generation. There is any amount of room for scores of others of the same class. He has another selection of 600 acres on Scrubby Creek, some few miles away. The dwelling house claims no pretensions to architectural display. It is made to meet the comfort of the inmates. It is kept as tidy and neat as could be wished. The water supply is obtained from Hourigan's Creek, which takes a course through the centre of the property, and from tanks for household use. The other holdings in the vicinity of and Davey and family. Mr. Wolff has 120 Christiansen's are those of Messrs. Wolff acres, which he is assiduously cultivating for maize and potatoes with as good re- sults as his neighbours. The Davey family have about 300 acres, which they use for dairying and growing maize. The soil is similar on these holdings, being princi- pally black loamy deposits. The following morning after visiting the several holdings here enumerated, we as- cent a hill at the rear of the Post Office, in company with Mr. Wilson, to have a look at the surrounding country. From our coign of vantage we can see on the north-west the Athelstane Range, with the hospital and school buildings dimly de- fined. On the north is Broadmount and Casuarina Island, while further towards the north-east is Keppel Bay, its broad ex- panse shimmering in the autumn sun. Some vessels are at anchor in the bay. The Fitzroy River, like a silver streak, winds its way to the sea. Raglan Creek seems to start away from the base of the hill we are on, and like a huge python trail- ing through the mangroves, finds its out- let at Port Alma in the Fitzroy River. The country lying between us and the river is a series of wooded ridges, now being played upon by the shadows of the fleecy clouds driven by the rising breeze from the south- east. It is a glorious day after the recent rain, and there is a freshness in the air, particularly at the altitude we were situated. Turning towards the west, the Dee Ranges are standing out blue and clearly defined, while on the east Mount Larcombe, with minaret shaped peaks run- ning up from a conical shaped base, forms a conspicuous mark in the landscape. The village of Raglan is at our feet, and away beyond are wooded hills, cleared here and there, revealing openings in the timber well grassed. Portions of the country sur- rounding us and within the range of imme- diate vision are ring-barked, the dead monarchs of the forest standing like sen- tinels ghost-like in their vigilance over their comrades in green of long ago. Some patches of cultivation are noticeable round about the village. The sound of the Rag- lan sawmills comes stealing up the hill- sides, breaking the silence of an otherwise peaceful scene. The Post and Telegraph Office was opened at Raglan in the year 1878. Mr. Wilson was the first officer in charge, and he has remained in the position ever since. He travels half way between Glad- stone and Rockhampton each way in quest of any repairs needed to the line. The police station is in charge of Constable Maquire, that officer having opened it about eighteen months ago. The policeman makes a regu- lar weekly patrol round the district. The quarters for the police are good. Near Raglan there are extensive lime- stone deposits, and a company has been recently formed to work them. A wharf has been erected a few miles down Raglan Creek, where deep water exists, near the quarries. It is intended to send the limestone away in ships needing ballast to southern ports. Such ballast will undoubtedly have a substantial com- mercial value. During our visit a start had been made to open out the face of the quarry. A new industry for Raglan is ap- parently about to be ushered in. The country round about Raglan was taken up about the time of the Crimean War—a time when Britishers entertained the same patriotic feelings as at the pre- sent period—judging from the number of names of places having reference to that campaign. There is Mount Alma, Inker- man Point, Balaclava, and Raglan after Lord Raglan, and many others. It has not made any appreciable progress as a town owing to the resources around it remaining undeveloped. Within a few miles mineral is known to exist, but no decided steps have been taken towards a thorough prospecting for the reefs. A few old fossickers are to be found in the gul- lies and ravines in the vicinity of Ulam, some fifteen or twenty miles from Raglan, but beyond this and a few prospects of a reef, mining is dead in the neighbourhood. Mr. M'Donald, the only storekeeper, came to Raglan in the year 1870. He has proved a useful member of the community. He is ever mindful of the progress of the town- ship. He has acquired 1500 acres of land in the vicinity, on which he grazes cattle and does some cultivation—principally maize growing. He is the justice of the peace for the community. Mr M'Donald has built his house on an elevation which ascends from the store. It is a perfect site for a house. He has a comfortable home, and during our stay with him we had every reason to be thankful for our entertain- ment. Raglan is noted for its superior timber. The sawmill in which Mr. M'Don- ald is interested turns out a goodly quan- tity of timber regularly for the Central Queensland trade. It is a well- equipped mill. (To be continued.) 