6LACKERY. But still his tongus ru on, And wlthitt everlasting- olaok 0«t all men's ears upon tlu r»ok.' Bddibm . Loth Mother Grundy t— Isn't it good news to hew that poor, dear Lady Smith has been relieved at last. Loyal small boy, who was standing byi Yes, and Bobs has belted h—1 out of old (Jronje. Tax 0, Arthur Pearson Co. Limited, are making arrangements to produce a new ha'penny daily in London. It is due in April. Abo H. W. MasBingham, who resigned from the Dailt Ohboiholi, rather than write Jingo was artldee, la ?aid to have 450,000 behind him to start another Liberal organ. Ladt EiirooLPH CeuboruiL 1b one of England's tattooed aristocrats. While travelling in India some years ago she witnessed the process of tattooing, and decided to have a representation of eternity-* snake with its tail in its mouth— prioked into her own arm. Mb, WjOTiiroox, speaking at the Boyal Colonial Inetitue, is said to have remarked, 'I went to Tasmania a young bachelor of 81. I left it as a bachelor, only because I had a* empty pocket.' Bather a bft-handed way of stating that Taemanlan beauties are expensive lnxuries. His Imperial Majesty's German mail steamer Barbarossa was die only boat in bydney harbor that was not decorated in honor of the relief of Ladysmiih, yet me unpopular governor oi wennuia, sir Gerald (smith, booked passages for 'Ome in that vessel The masomo fraternity in Perth were highly indignant and mildly protested; but no notioe was taken of the said Jingoistic protest. Both Briton and Boers are now each under the leadership of two oomnuuiden who have Huguenot blood in their veins. Both Lord Roberts and Lord Kitchener have an admixture of Anglo-Irish and Huguenot blood, while Joubert and (Jronje are af Huguenot descent. The mother of ix-rd Kitchener was a member of the French Chevalier family long settled in Suffolk. BrjsTABn KifLwa recently essayed platform work. When he showed his lace in the schoolroom his BotKngdwan neighbors cheered him mightily and he blushed like a great kid. When he took the platform he was as white as a ghost, and, as he had evidently rehearsed his little speech and learned it by heart, he ratOea it off at galloping pace. He ap peared to consider that fl he hesitated he would be lost. As a platform spouter the iMxraok room bard doesn't promise to contribute strength and vivacity to Im penaliasm. He collapsed at the end of his third meeting. Tomht Atkinb is the onoensured war scribe who occasionally throws lurid limelights upon the war. One letter writer says that the British lost 100 killed and wounded at Colenso, and the Boer casualties were estimated at 3000 — hostlt wokbn, as they are running short of men. The wives oome to see their husbands and they find them dead or wounded. They then take up arms, saying: 'I don't care now he is dead| I may as well die.' That is why the women and children are on the field. Mb. Johk Maoh, whose death is an nounced in San Franoisoo, whilst Bri tish Consular agent at San Jose, in Guatemala, in 1874, was flogged by the order of the commandant, Colonel Gon nlee. He was rescued by a British man-o'-war , and was offered by the Guatemala Government £60,000, being JBIOOO for each lash He preferred to take certain concessions, including (&6 right to establish a bank and builS oer tain wharves at Ban Jose. He thus laid the foundation of an enormous fortune. A man was seen leaving his model dwel ling, while from the window above his wife poured after him oeasaless volleys of what s politely known as ' langwidge.' But in the enthusiasm of ner eloquence she leaned out too tar and fell on the pavement. A horrified spectator hurried after tbe husband with the news. As he was break - ing it, the man, with faoe fall of suppressed feeling, murmured, 'Don't make me laugh; I've got a cracked lip.' Aooobdino to Dr. J. T. Wilson, the Health Offioer for Lannoeston, the health of the citizens of the Northern capital has been exceptionally good during the past year. The only epidemio prevailing was infloanca, and the mortality was very small. Ihe mean death rate for the city was 1248 per thousand, the lowest for the past ten mats with the exception of 1897, which it exceeds slightly, a notable feature was the scarcity of typhoid oases t only thirteen oases were notified to the department,, with one death. This is oertainly a re oord. It u sad, however, to learn that oanoer carried off no less than 87, and tuberculosis a like number. CBONJE AT BAT. In vain he looks for Joubert 's dust Listens for Joubert's guns— The ground is heaped with mangled flesh, Blood-red the river runs ; But yet the strong willed warrior All thought of yielding shuns. From North and South, from East and West, The wrath of England roars, The awful lyddite's choking stun Slaying its tens of scores ; Whilst like the Mouth of HelL each gun Black devastation pours. The End has pome— the Union Jack Blazes in triumph-flame. The sullen, bloodnsoaked remnant yield Lost is the last stern game t ButCronje and his gallant band Have earned immortal fame. — Pamea, in MJi. Spectator. AnAryshire wife's good* bye to her sol dier husband ram ' A' wee), Jook, if ye thrssh the Boert as well as ye have thrathed me, they'll be glad to git rid o' ye,' ? i ? ?liinniT PBOPBiETOBSof Sydney bathing houses are doing splendid business owing to the bubonic scare. Sydney folks have not been so dean for years. Latest Oablb: 'The burghers in ths Orange Free State desiring to surrender to British role are so numerous, that Lord Boberts has sent out small columns of troops in various directions to register their names.' Whether these missioners of peace areenpported by artillery or not the cable doesn't say, TB3 Art Society's annual exhibition opens on Tuesday afternoon in Fits gerald's old buildings, Collins-st, and will remain open for a fortnight. Thi Clbtob bears that the display of oils, water-colors, wood-carving, modelling, etc, will be the best yet made by the society in Hobart. Mb. A. J. N&TTLBfObD; continues to add to the attractions of his flue business premises. To-night he will re-open that part of his establishment which has been undergoing alteration with a champion display of hats. The whole of his de partments will be illuminated with arc lamps, thus adding to the brilliant* of Liverpool-street, the favorite Satur day nighty rendezvous. ABTHUB OtTBBt, a WOBKBB (Q ) OOr* respondent, writing from Pieterinxrit* burg, aays that Artie Tulley, the Aus tralian boxer, is fighting with the Boers, also that numbers of English, Iri-h. Ger mans, and Frenchmen are in their ranks, He says the Boer army conipriiWH all nations, even Japs, that the Britishers are having a terrible time of it, and that another twelve months won't cee the end of It. Tbsi percentage of the Tas. first oon tineent casualties is high— 18 out of 80 Killed— Privates John Hutton and At bert Gilham. Prisoners— Major Came ron (slightly wounded, since escaped), Vio Peers (slightly wounded), Cecil Dynes, Charles Brothers, Alt. Button, Morton Swan, Angus Gilllee, Jutnea Wright, William Duoie, Arthur Dennis, and Corporal Whitelaw. Jaoobbish is one of tbe latest London erase*. The disciples of the new calt are harmless people with plenty of money, given to dispatching very unimportant ettersat enormous expense. They drop Into the various offices of the London dis trict messengers with letters addressed to friends in dlniant lands oversea, and leave blank cheques for payment of expenses. Tbe lunatic has yet to turn up who will address a letter to the ?' Man in the Moon,' with inftrnctioDB for the bearer to wait for an answer. By the way, the writer (8cotcb) has been at times vastly* troubled about the Man in the Moon. He has studied the orb of night from every Australian vantage ground, including standing on his head, and could never by stretching his imagination ever so, Bee the bloke that was found guilty of chopping up sticks on a Sunday. A Hobabt man who has for years suf fered under the disappointment of not having any olive branch pledges of his wife's aSeotion recently opened his heart to a medioal friend. The other day that doctor was called in to help the citizen through an attack of influenza. As he entered the bed-room, and his eye took in the surroundings, he exhibited a sup pressed hilarity that rather raised the dander of the patient. Asked to ex plain the cause of his mirth, he pointed to the prominent text hanging over the dttsen s bed, the legend upon which read: 'Buffer little children to oome unto me.' In these times, when Australian guber natorial positions appear to be at a dis count, Lord Gormanston must be given some credit for sticking to duty. He is now in bis seventh year of vioe-royalty in Tasmania. The H.S.W. Governors are most restive in colonial harness. Oar rington was the last who completed his term. Duff died, Jersey and Hampden gave it op when about half through, and now Beauchamp appears to be tiring in the first lap. Loftus, Heroules Robin son, and, with the exception of Belmore, their predecessors back to early days took the full five years, and some of them one or two over. Fiteroy played vioe-regalty for nine years, and Hao quarie eleven. Had John Bnskin lived another fort night be would have been 81. The sage of Brautwood was the son of a London wine merchant and graduated at Christ church, Oxford, in 1812. Long since he was afflicted with blindness which pre vented him from taking any active part in the world's bnainess ; but his books will long continue to influence the thought of mankind. At this time U ia specially opportune to remind the Jingo- h, who would perseonte the anti- war party an pro-Boers and boycott the antiimperialis tic writers, that thirty years ago the public were so highly Indignant at tbe anti capltalidtio crnsade of the andaolous Buskin, that both Oobnhill and Fbabbe were compelled to close their pages Hgainst him. He inherited £200,000 from hu parents, and spent almost tbe whole of it in deeds of charity and reform work. Like many other great men John Rnskin was unfortunate in his family life, and his wife obtained a decree of nullity of mar riage. A fuiiSokk epitaph from Perth ceme tery ; ' Sacred to the memory of Mr. Henry Gee, son of Mr. Edward Gee, of Carook, parish of Bathmoha, County of Meath, Ireland. Mr, Gee arrived in the colony by the Cleopatra, from Dublin, about the year 1886, and died on Sep tember 17th, 1868, from an injury of the brain, sustained by a fall from biB horse on the 9th of the same month, buffering at the time from rheumatic pains. He died at the age of 49 years, and was re gretted by all who knew him, and thiB monument is erected by his brothers and sisters, namely : — John, William, and Thomas Gee, now in Van Diemen's Land, Mr. Edward Gee, Mrs. Smith, and Mrs. Abbott, now in Ireland or on their pas sage to this colony with their families. His two children, Elizabeth and Ellen Gee, together with his brothers and sisters, have received a dividend of his estate, ' Boast not thyself of to-morrow, for thou knowest not what the day may bring forth.' ' In the midst of We we »r«fed*fttb,'' Nbwsfapiib Man : ' I should like to telegraph home that the commanding officer is an idiot.' Censor : 'I regret to inform you that we cannot permit the transmission of military secrete.': Was Correspondent J. A. Cameron, who writes moat interesting oopy for the Wise Australian, is, unless tbe Clots* mistakes, identical with 'Jack' Cameron, a, young N.8. Welshman whose press eiperienoe began quite lately. When the writer met J.A.O. four years ago, he was teaching a small State School somewhere in the Moss Tale district (N.B.W.\\. and was a. niunml 'our own correspondent' for Sydney Evsnino Nbws. He subsequent! drifted to Westralia as reporter on the Coolgardie Mines j rapidly gained the sub- editorship, and next bobbed up as editor of Claak's Wxbklt (now the 4B9ONAUT), Perth. J.A.O. belongs to a writing family. His mother was, until her death some four or five monthn ago, a well-known society contributor to Sydney and Waetralian papers, under the pen-nune of 'Busy Beej' his aunt, Miss Bateman, is not unknown as a novelist, an t bis sister, M. J.O., some of whose work first appeared in the Chirm, u the Paraguayan poetess whose booklet is shortly to be published by Bydney BctLETitt. 