THE "HERETIOC" MIVART. The Rev. Donald Fraser, M A., preached last night to a largo congregation on the subject of the heresy of Mivart and the ban of Rome. Taking for his text the words "We forbade him because he followeth not with us," Mr. Fraser said that he was not going to speak one word abusive of the Church of Rlomo that night BHe only wished that Protestants displayed somoewhat of their zeal and loyalty, but ha would show that not Some alone but almost every Church, in that they thought that the stum of all truth wasoe known, were in error, and must to in conoequor co a break upon the wheels of progress and of science. Hivart's "heresy" simply amounted to scieon tifle fact, and hie mistake was that in a Church with such a conastitution he expected that he could equaro Biblical dogmas and dnatrinos with soientifla truth. Of o:urse the whole trouble arose through the foolish notion that the writerA of the Pentatooeuch were saeionthts as well as moralists. Protestant churches had been no less foolish. Tie late Mr. Spurgeon earicatured the very thought of evolutim by assorting weo ovolved an arobbishop from an oyster. Yet evolu tion wasee truoe -a law a.s well verified as that of gravitation itself, and heo that had eyes to sco oou'd see it i operation around him every dsy. Was Rome right, then, in throwing a man like Mivart outP From a worldly point of view she was. Onoc admit that the Pope and Council can err in these matters and the whole fabrio would hbe in danger The mistake made in in esuh men trying to expand the old moulds and bonde. Reform will never coma from within. The Presby terian Church, that flung from its fold a Robertson Smith, and that in New York at this moment is about to do likewise withll Professor' ,'Oiffert, is just doing wmhat Vaughan did in the namo of Rsoms to Mivwart. The hopo of the future lies in a basis that will allow men to expand and grow with growing knowledge, and a Church that will recalise that there is a Pentecost in science as in religion, and that on the brains asnd minds of men the Holy lGhost is still descend ing and inspiring. 