Canine Character. (From a Correspondent In Italy.) r- OGS present contrasts In char- mrf\ actor. There is a Great Dano \f) 1 1 Playlog In the garden. He in , 10 months old, with tho slncwr tienutv nt a tranlhrr. and the odd. angles of a grif fin, or other heraidlo b-.ast. Ills yellow eyes shine with great kindness nnd humor. Unhappily, his tail baa been docked, as aro also all tho fashionable equlno tails in Genoa, and hts poor cars havo been clipped into points, such as devils In tho nnntnmlmo 'ST wear on their heads. Enough of hlo tail. is . left- for him to 'carry it in tho fashion of a reaping-hook, when ho careers about madly on tho turf. Ho Is tho plc- .thrp of a. "noble" boy "at play.".. Waldi is very proroklrig 'to tho Great Dane; snappish, cross; in fact, qulto insolent. Dut the giant bears this rudeness beautifully. , Someone in tbo bote! boa bought tho Dane; but, as he Is such a big dog and has such remarkably high spirits, ho Is not con-, 8idcrcd fit for an indoor pet where thoro is very' fine furniture to 6poll. He is ouly a few days In the keeping of tho gardener of our hotel, but tho Dano Is already devoted to tbo man, who has many other animals under his care; among them a donkey. Tho dog and the donkey arc very near ly tho same size, nnd nlniost the samt> color. To' tease the Great Dane the man pets the donkey, throws an arm round the stupid thing's neck, and talks caressingly to It. This la always enough to make tho dog half frantic. He sets his grif fin's forefeet (that look as if they wore mado of cast Iron) on the donkey's shoulder, and pushes him away. As they scramblo across tho grass lo this odd attitude, the dog's head stands a foot »<- two higher to the air than the startled donkey's.' Tbo gardener 'still fondles the "beast of burden," and the big puppy drops on all-fours,- yelping, \ roaring, howling, barking, and gallops round and round the. laughing man and the frightened Jack ass. It is very rough play on tho part of the Dane, but he docs not really hurt man or beast, and tbo Jealouc creature looks magulficent, not withstanding his mutilations. Why is the dog, who Is bo magnanimous to my little Waldi (who 1b as "nasty" as possible to him, pnrtly because afraid of blm),''so small-mludcd In regard to his rival In the gardener's affections; and the gar dener Is only tho friend of a few days, too! The -Dane and Waldi, and so many other splendid ca nine characters with Haws In them, carry me back to "False Bcosts-and True." "Nip" wo a a truo beast— emphatically I may say It— "a beautiful little bull-terrier, pure white, with a black nose, exquisitely delicate limbs, nnd a little face whofo mobile. features expressed emotions as readily as a human countenance." Nip's profession was rat- catching. She killed thirteen in just over half a minute, In a pit, for bcr first performance In that "unpleasant kind of public entertainment." Miss Cobbe records of her beloved Nip that "the chari ty child whom 'the clergyman asked what it loved most ana xcarca most, ana .wno gavo the dls- ! heartening .-'answers' 'wlttlcs' . and 'twoads,' fell far behind tithe level of Nip's sentiments. She cared littlh for 'wittlcs,' and feared neither 'twoads' nor much more perilous creatures, at tacking on ono occasion a huge polecat and de molishing him 'on the spot, and habltualy bully ing an enormous bulldog six times licr own size, of ferocious aspect, but benign disposition."' Yet Nip, even, was a "dog of chequered chnrnctcr, .with strong llghta'and shades, capable of rising to tho heights, of martyrdom or descending Into tho gulf of crimed" Caught in a steel trap, Nip endured her a'g'pnlcs with Spartan valor; and, when released, fell upon her metal lormentor,' to rend It with tooth and claw. But it is recorded that "at one time she kept a humble companion, and maltreated her like any.flnc lady." Nip, too, was a ghost-seer, and abjectly superstitious. , Moreover, bellows blown In Nip's face "sent her into paroxysms of hysterical screaming," nnd tho 1 garden hose waa absolutely unapproachable, ac cording to that plucky bull-terrier's convictions! Nip hid herself away at the first sight of tho sUako-like tube, and could not be reasoned into staying In. tbo place where the hose was stored. What Nip ,could not understand, wben plainly and Intelligently put before her, was generally in- comprehensible. Nevertheless, regarding tho garden hose and- a monkey skin bung on a wall, .which she looked upon' "with such lok? as a- man might turn on a-ghoat," were things' updn which explanations were wholly unavailing. A kind of Inverted defence for that meanest of traits—: Jealousy— Is found for the dog In the old knight ly motto: > "Ung . Roy,"iititf Loy, ung Chlcn." Polydoggory, according to the lovable aulbcr of 'False Ucasts and True," "Ib a thing against which all proper feeling revolts," But moro selfish. hq-. mans -say in "polydoggery lies the only safety from heartbreak.' - The dog-frlenda pass away so sadly aoon! If a heart may not be parcelled out. among a number of canines, tbat heart inihit give way In bereavement— must cease to best! The. car-cropped, . tatl-dochcd Great -Dane makes me wonder afresh that Ibcfashton of mu tilations coincides with the epoch of strong' effort for the protection of animals from cruelty, and. now thnt thoro extols a warm fcoltng tbat may be called tho Cult of tho l'et, not only common, un thinking cruelly nourishes, but also vivisection— that "highest -reflmmicnt of cruelty," as U has boon aptly described. I have lotig admired a few sentences on thlb point: ".Faith In a beloved au- perlor Is, perhaps, the most beautiful and affect ing of alt tho attributes of a dog. Whose heart docs not grow sick at tho reflection thnt this sa cred trust In man should be so often bolraycd— that dull boors should luro him by mock words ot encouragement to tho death (to him so slow nnd agonising) of tb<r halter; and that far worse wretches,. In. tho guise of cultivated gcnltcmcn, to whom ho goes with confidence, as to assured friends, shohld pitilessly dissect him alive, while oven In death he strives to show his confidence, mid to lick their hands? To treat a creature capable of displaying tho highest sentiments of our own nature— fidelity nnd devotion— as If It were a mere block of stono or wood, which we might saw nnd chisel ut discretion. Is surely to sin agalihit love and faith themselves, and to add a fresh offence to the cruolty involved in the tor ture of any sentient being. ' It is syrely time for the world to rcctigntBO that Science mny he the Moloch ot ono age ns Superstition waa of another; and thnt even tho noble thirst of knowledge may prompt deeds heinous and hateful as ever sprang from tho 1(18 1 of power or of gold. . . . lie sides the feeling of sympathy with man- 'Cauls cum, And-nothing affecting man la alien to me— a dog entertains, as hts master-passion, towards his owner, 'a sentiment of loyal allegiance. Like llousseau, ho thinks: 'Etro nvee celul qu'on oline, ccia autfit.' ... Ho grudges nothing for his master, resents nothing that he docs to hiin, and trusts htm oven when, like the miserable French vlvlacctor, ho tries on hlin 'uno experience mo rale,' nnd tests how much torturo ho will bear be fore his love turns to fear and hate." Tbo Intonso devotion of dogs is nearly entirely lavished on mankind. I have known of a dachs hund who, on being sent to a new master, died at once; nnd tbe causo ot death was unmistakably grlot for hts lost owner and friend. With birds, fow ossoclato groat depths of feeling; but all who gave any attontlon to tbe strange, .tall bipods of the stork species (who were kept as ornaments in the Garden ot tbo Byculia Club at Bombay) must havo beard tbat, If a hen stork died, her mate pined and died forthwith. Now and then the keepers found a remplacAnto that conso!ed the drooping widower; but generally tbo loss of tbo mother-bird was tho death-knell of the cock-. 1 never heard that tho widow amoncr storka (thmielt thoso birds inhabited tbe land of Suttee) died of griof for hor lord and master. Some nervous clubmen pronounced those pensive, plctuicsqve adjuncts of tbe ornamcntnl waters of their garden "dangerous/' because the birds could, on occa sion, deliver a crashing blow with the wing, and possibly by- this time they have been banlihcd A pity If so! For It was beautiful to see them, whether at rest, standing on one prctornaturnUy long, thin leg, or flocking down the alleys, always literally "runniug in couples," cock and hen (wing-by- wing, if not arm-in-arm), and uttering their rapid, strange, high-pitched cry at sight of «uv known friend or posslblo crumb-provider. Have doge an almanack? That la a qiiesltoa that has "exercised" the mlods of .their loving ob servers.' That they always know Sunday Li-cer- tain. Where Sunday Is a bad day for the dogs, to show them a Prayer Book Is to send th'cm back mournfully to their beds. But many dogs need no book for a token. They rise In low spirits on the day of rest, drooping melancholy tails and ears and lips. Someone says: "Ob, yes, wc know that dogs 'are creatures of habit.' Tho seventh day comes regularly rouod. They feel the flight of time." But this theory docs' not cover all the facts ofthc case. Tho dogs that boloog to fami lies keeplug saints' days (which don't recur with tho regularity of the Sabbath) are equally awaro that the festivals of their masters aro nored-det- tor days for them, "Of course, It is tbe Sunday- go-to-meeting hats and bonnet? " explained a cock-suro Junior some tlmo ago.% But It is not this! Neither Is it tbe church b.ita ringing, as someone else suggested. For, at a French water ing place, at a villa out of the reach of sounds of bell ringing, where tbo family bad no peculiar livery for Sunday— not smarter coats, tall bats, or feminine Jlncry— and where even tho books wcro not carried In tbe hand, being locked tip In receptacles in -the church, tbe dogs sot up limp and dejected on Sundays, and on holidays, too. and stayed in the same depressed condition until tho hours for church-going were past, and going out again meant starting upon a nice, doggie walk! It Is not for Maggie Tulllver, who hAS been "crossed In love," that someone tenders a reclpo likely to euro her, in the words: "Give the girl a pup!" It is offered lo the reader as an uncon sciously humorous suggestion. Many accept it in this sense, and laugh at It. But that Is their mistake, I yenturo to think. A little boy, being reproved on Sunday morning for having a dirty face, retorted, "Well, I wored dts face to Sun'ay 'chool, anyhow." Bllklns: "It's a mistake about people being made , on© when they aro married. My wife and I wcro | mado ten. Wilklns: Made ten? Bllklns: Yes; sho's tho ono nnd I'm tho cipher. A llttlo girl who was ill called her mother to hor bedsldo, nnd snld, plteoualy, "Mamma, I am awful sick. I Just swallowed upward;" and her mamma sympathised with bcr deeply. There wero visitors at tbe school, and a class was put'on exhibition. "Now," said tbe teacher, can you tell me anything about heat?" A small boy held up his hand. " Well, sir," said the tea cher. "Heat expands, cold contracts." "Very good; now give an example." "In summer .the days are long; In winter the days are short." Great applause by tho visitors, and tho small boy takes bis Boat. 'a whist party, In which Dickens waa a par- tlclpant, a lady seated near him was aroused from a slight nap by a pt&yer; who struck tbo table with emphasis as he took tn i08t lr!ck wHJl k, of trumps. Dickens, turm».B fo hcr 8nld. „M® madam, you look awfully iiiw ri8cn day of Judgment." "wW,?. .she. 'Became you wpx awakened by the sauna ot tho last trump." modistes who bad been fervently hoping thas the winter might bring them something less elaborate n the way of work, at all events as far an evening gowna are concerned, seem likely to be doomed to dl»- appointment. The newest evening gowns In Paris gilt- ter with intricate embroideries; while the nklrtH, at- ,lhV,,ma>:,8U" comparatively smooth and plain round the hips, break out Into any number ot ialnty little frills and flounces near the hem It ta eo Uncommon thing cither to And one or two flounces of chlfTon In different colors sewn with silver and llamond paillettes, and then velled-by an outer flounce « cream lace, the pattern of which Is traced out with diamond embroideries; while the flounce Ik also bor- dwed at tho extreme edge, cither with tiny bonUta- oeen of chiffon In some pale color, oe with velvet baby .Ibbons closely gathered. ' A dinner gown of this doHcriptlor, <s made In one ot those new floral brocades, which have the aoftcat nd most supple surface Imaginable, nnd which could certainly never stand nlone, as the sllka of our great grandmothers are supposed to have done. Very cllng- ng and soft then is this new brocade, and very at- tractive, too. with its old-world design of full- blown pink roses, and quantities of pale green foliage, scat- .ovr ® de.eP cream ground. Tho skirt has a 1\. i lt»« brocade, bordered with a flounce f.iJ), e' l.ho ot wblch Is outlined with LdLaJT0n<1 pall!cUcs- « that It shines and f',/ wlth every movement. This diamante flounce of I>,A|" white Oriental satin, which Is covered with a number of very narrow frills d'esprlt net. I'ale green nnd pale pink tenet baby ribbons arc nrrnnced nlternntclv on mtnw/j't"0. brocade, with long trSSi, .TefvV,; c're'am b:ru«rcr1srb,aocrveolvcrrc„K":.'c ot ",e - inJi?»i«reC£,n,f t?wwn" of Vl,rloii3 kinds, crepe de chine Sfe i'!rKC,y ll8C'1, "'an any other fabric. It l0I»ulur satin, used In conjunc tion with sable and beautiful old Incc. A dinner £eh> mill1!.® «r0r!/re,'C de 0,l,ne lor «niple, looks vine hir S/a 'C""C WlU' a Ion tunic the h r Ut. LeThnVi w,,,, tl,e. Hk,rl Outlining, the decol- oV seeis «« V/1 bJin ,r "''hi, while in Place ,i , . tho Ii.ft shoulder there Is a stran of PlnkroaMam.rnen/he r,Kht Klioulder a garniture of pmic rosea, gardenias, and forget-me-nots. tle<l with ,00iTJ)f b,ack v<!lwl ribbon, and sort dr» Slcs o? white emffon."Pait Mall Osteite," October & inure tiru tuean pcopie in me world. A Birming ham butcher boa just beon fined for unlawfully obtaining water from tho tap next door by/means of a hosepipe thrown over the wall, . Sir Horiry Irvlng's reception at the Knicker bocker Thentro, New York, in "IlQbesplerre," was marked by great enthusiasm. Miss Ellen Terry was greeted with the same cordiality. Tho ad- vauco booking Is snld to exceed all records. Sir Ileniy's. Robespierre was Immensely admired, as was Miss Terry's Clarlsso. In his speech Sir Henry Irving deeply moved the audience. "Our recontlon to-day," said Sir Honry, "Is absolutely 1 overwhelming; mortal man couldn't ask moro." ttio press was unanimous in tho glowing commen dation of his qualities ns actor and stngc-manogcr. Tho "Sun" said: "The play li greater than Eng lish critics led us to bc!lc\e." The "World" commented with, surprise oi. the fuet that Sir Henry .Irving in hilled .wllluut the tltlo "Sir." ?be box odlue receipts were over £2000. 