Lunatic Asylum Tragedy. murder at Y&rra; Bend. The fact has just been brought to light that as the result of a savago outbreak by an inmate of Yavra Bend Asylum on October 31 last, another inmate named Fitzroy Shanks was jcuiea isays ine iuoioourno , m ge or November 17). Shanks was a familiar identity of the institution, into which he was received as far back as 1862. \ His assailant was Valentine Curtis Robertson, who had up to that time been seemingly regarded as a comparatively harmless lunatic, although some months previously he had threatened to. kill himself, and was pluced under special supervision for a. few weeks. Shortly before 8 a.m. on October .31, Dr. Stuart M'BurnieY tbo resident medical officer at Yarra Bend, was hastily summoned to the assistance of Shanks,- who had been struck on this head a. few moments previously by -Robertson with a heavy billet of wood. Ho found the man sur rounded by a group of excited patients, who were trying to,r explain the circumstances. Shanks was lyiug uuconsciqus, and bleeding profusely' froin a terrible gash on tho left side of the head. He was removed at once to the hospital jUnd placed under, treatment. Examination proved that he was suffering from a compound fracture of the skull, whilst his right . eyebrow was severely con tused. The unforcuuate patient did not regain consciousness, and died two hours later. . The first member of the hospital staff who was made aware of the tragic occurrence was Warder McCaffrey. Ho rushed immediately to the place, where he 'found Shanks lying on the ground and Robertson standing along side and looking down at his viotim. Robert son seemed to regard tho wholo affair in a most mattor-of-faet- way, and quietly re marked, "Jesus Christ told me to do it." Shortly v afterwards the . warder asked what he had done it with; and Robertson replied, "With this bit of wood:" Wardor M'Caffrey took the man to tho refractory ward as a precaution against any further mischief. Robertson has various delusions regarding messages, whioh he says he receives from "Tho Holy Ghost." Some six months ago ho said lie would kill himself, and on that account he .was kept in O " yard for a few weeks under absolute surveillance. Then he was allowed out to work iu the plot in front of "O" yard. He had never been regarded as a violent patient, and as far us the medical authorities of the asylum knew, he had never attompted to molest any of his fellow patients or any other person. Therefore, it was not considered that he was dangerous, or required any special supervision. The deceased man, Fitzroy Shanks, was under tho charge of Warder Timothy . Murphy. He was an absolutely harmless patient, and was freo to walk wheresoever he listed about the asylum At an inanest held by Dr. Morrison at tho asylum, tho jury returned a verdiot of wilful murder ugainst Valentino Curtis Robertson, and as a consequence the man was placed in the dock at the Criminal Court on November 16\. - Mr. Finlaysou, Q C., asked that a jury should be empanelled to decide on medical evidence whether Robertson was in a fit mental condition to plead. Mr. Eagleson appeared for the prisoner. Dr. WatkinH, the resident medioal super intendent at Yarra Bend, stated that Robert son had been admitted ou December 10, 1896. Neither Dr. WatkiDB nor . Dr. M£uruie considered that the prisoner would bo able to comprehend tho proceedings of the court. Judge Hodges accordingly directed the' jury to outer a vordiot that ho was insane,' ana. afterwards ordered the man's detention in strict oustody. until the Governor's pleasure is made known. , . ' . " Robertsou was, labouring under great ox- oitement in court, &ud; muttered, "It . is wrong to'keep me there! I. can kill all of you — ; it would be no sin to kill the lot of you I" . \ v , 