:? THE CLEANSING FIRE. . . . - ? V : CHAPTEE X.— Continued. ' JJut, grandfather, you ao uoc think out tbc question as to whether this wedding would be of any veal value to Lord Bonghton Hawes him self.' ' That observation proves you to be very kiml nnA thoughtful ; but it is needless. I never knew Hawes make an error in his life.' ' I admit that he has inspired me ?with respect.' . ' Respect is everything in married life, Hilda.' Young as she was she knew that. Was it not the fear that she should never be able to experience respect as well as love for Noel which had com pelled her to refuse him? ' Hilda, I only ask. you not to re ject Hawes at once.' 'No,' she said slowly; 'I can quite promise that.' ' Will you defer your decision for three months ?' ' Yes, if you wish it.' 'I do. And ? ., he ,-, may visit here?,' 'Of course. ? ' He may speak of his admir ation?' ' No ; not for three months, grand father.' ' Then, my darling, I feel sure that you will become Lady Bough ton 'Hawes.' It is astonishing what time will not achieve. It is iike the constant drip ping which wears away the stone. Hilda was absolutely certain that if she would not accept Noel Desmond, she would never become the wife of Lord Bnughtou Hawes ; and yet at the end of those twelve weeks she ac cepted the peer. Possibly the absence of Noel Des mond from Harrowdene had some thing to do with her acceptance of Lord Boughton Hawes. He had been called away to the bedside of his nearest and dearest friend, and he could not, or would not, leave the friend until he had no ?further need of friendship — at all events, in this world. In other words, he died. Never once in those three months had Hilda been out of Noel's memory for more than an hour at once. He did not write to her, because he felt that in honour he was bound to refrain from doing so, or, at all events, if he wrote letters to Hilda, as he may have done for his own conso lation and the abatement of his anx iety, he never posted those mis sives. But when ashes to ashes had been cast upon the then cold heart of his ? : friend, when he had seen the unfeel ? ing earth cast spadeful after spadeful ?over the gradually vanishing coffin which enclosed his dear friend's re mains, he once more turned his face north, and he followed his shadow — as they say high up in the north when a man turns from the south. It need not be said that amongst the very first pieces of information that were vouchsafed to him upon his arrival at Harrowdene, his future home, was the startling information that Miss Canning was about to be married to Lord Boughton Hawes. He said nothing in reply to this in formation given to him by the earl himself. The peer watched tho effects of his words. ' You don't seem hit, Noel ? ' 'Don't I, my lord? Well, all blows don't show at once,' ' To be sure, every girl has a right to choice in a husband.' ' Not necessarily, my lord. How ever, we must oil bear tho blow of ill-fortune as best we niay.' ' :.?' Nn more was said, and the old earl assumed that Desmond had forgotten his passion for his neighbour Can ning's daughter. The old Earl of Harrowdene was a sharp-witted old man, but he was never more absolutely deceived in all his life than when he arrived, at this erroneous conclusion. On the contrary, Desmond was de termined to see Hilda, and come to an explanation with her. . Necessarily he called at Sir John Canning's, who received Noel very civilly, and in formed him that Miss Canning was ailing, and was about visiting in Devonshire until her marriage. . But he was determined to see her, and with that view he haunted the neighbourhood of Canning House throughout the day, after taking his leave of the baronet. ' And not without success ; tor, to ? WU1IU8 UUU ijLUiU UL UUC BBUblllg EHUJ , from a tree he had climbed, he could see into a walled rose-garden, and there he saw her strolling. To work to tho end of the branch and to drop into the garden and be hind a clump of rhododrendron bushes was easy work. ? 'Milan. ! lie saw.nei1 start. 'Do not hi afraid; I am no ' ghost.' ' 'Who are you ? '.'? ' Noel ! I have dropped from the ' tree just on' the other side' of the wall, into your garden, and so that my sudden appearance should not frighten you I slipped behind the clump of rhododrendi'pn. But how ill you look, Hilda ! ' 'Yes; I am not well. I am go ing south.' ' So- your. 'father told mo; but I fancied tho information was an un . ,, truth,, and. that it was given mo to excuse your absence.' ' No ;' it was time. But you appear $o bo quite illJ' ' I have been worn over the death of a friend ; and, beyond that, I have grieved much.' ' I am sorry that you have had trouble, Mr. Desmond, but you have not shaken hands with me.' He hurried forward — he did not care whether or not they saw him irom me house now ; sue nau spouen to him kindly — and took both her hands. ' Oh, Hilda,' he said, ' and so you have forgotten me while I have been away, and forgotten me so absolutely that you are engaged to be married — and not to me !' ' I am engaged to a man whom I can, and do, respect. ' But you do not love him ? ' ' I shall love him ; love always follows respect.' ' Love is love, Hilda, and does not reason.' ' What you call love, Noel — what a man like you calls love, but which is nothing like it.' ' Oh, Hilda, does not your heart speak ? Can you not see in the eyes of both of us that we love each other ; that apart we shall both be wretched ?' 'I know that we should both be wretched if we married.' ' But love assimilates all things, finds pardon for everything, turns night to light, and ice to fire. Think before it is too late ; do not trifle with your passion, with the true nature that heaven has planted within you.' ' No,' she replied after a pause ; ' I couldnot forego my determination. I am sure that I could not respect you, and there is no love without res pect.' ' There is no love without sacri fice.' She could make no reply in words to that declaration. She only slowly shook her head. ' You have decided, ' he said, his manner changing ; the natural savagery in his nature beginning to assert itself. ? 'Decided ; yes.' ' To marry Hawes ?' ' Yes ; to marry Boughton Hawes.' ' Then I will save you from your self, Hilda, — yes, I will save you from yourself. You apply arguments, cool reason, logic, and all the rest of the scholastic nonsense to the great ques tion of love, and I tell you you are wrong. I will prevent you from this outrage on yourself ; and I will go any lengths in order to do so. I1 or your own sake, for my sake, yea, even for the sake of the man who wishes to marry you — he must know, from very instinct, if he is a man at all, that you have no love for him — I say that I will save you from your self.' She became paler, ? if possible, than she had been, as she replied, ' I am curious to know how you will proceed to prevent my marriage with Lord Boughton Hawes.' ' Your curiosity shall certainly be gratified. I cannot perhaps absolutely make you my wife ; but I give you my word as a man who can fight when he wants to — even with a woman — that you shall marry no other man.' ' Then you declare war ? ' ' I do.' ' And that is your proof of the love yon have for me ?.'' 'It is.' ' Then war be it. Lord Boughton Hawes is doubtless capable of defend ing his wife.' 'Ah! yon actually say I shall not marry him ?' 'ido..' ' Who will prevent it ? ' ' I will.' After a pause she said cooly, ' I think you can have nothing more to say? ' , /. ' Nothing.' ' Then I think I will beg you to take your leave of me.' ' He bowed and turned away. ' How do you propose to leave here?' she asked. 'Over the wall,' he said. 'Pardon me. 'Visitors ? for my grandfather, or for -his granddaughter, do not leave Canning in any so con venient manner. Be good enough to oblige me by accompanying me to the house, and by leaving our premi ses in a rational and sensible manner — UV, llliM 1IU11U UUUlt ' But I may quite - compromise you! ' ' Oh, dear mo, no ! You are our neighbour^ Our park is open to the public. We meet, and you walk home with me. It would be com promising me to retire as you arrived, and that you know. Nay, you are capable of pretending to twist .your foot or put out your shoulder in order to draw the gossiping attention of some of the park-keepers to your pre sence here. Come, come, Mr. Des mond ; fair fighting, if you please, all the world over.' . He accompanied her, and thus she gained her first victory over him. Hilda took every precaution to pre vent Noel from knowing the place in Devonshire to which she was going; and there, much to Boughton Hawes' amazement; she begged she might bo married quite privately. He gave way; but was quite unable to com-: prebend why these things wore. Hilda travelled to London, thence to Brighton, drove round that town, returned to the station, thonce travelled to Portsmouth, and on to Devon. ' ? , Bho quite hoped that she had evaded her determined lover. And she had directed that her very letters should be sent to her circuitously. Alas, poor girl ! how little Bhe guessed that these very precautions proved that she still loved Noel. Had ho boon indifferent to her, she would have ignored his existence. She thought she was doing right in achieving all these things ; she was but fighting against nature. And fighting in vain ; for when she stood at the altar, with not half a dozen persons about her — much to the secret indignation of the bride groom — at the point when the clergy man calls upon anyone who knows any just cause or impediment why the marriage shall not take place, a strong, manly voice said, ' I forbid the banns !' Upon being asked for an ex planation, Noel Desmond strode for ward, and replied, ' I am that lady's husband. We were married in Wales, and I can prove it. She left me im mediately after the ceremony, and no persuasion of mine has ever had power enough to induce her to come to my — her husband's — home.' In vain Hilda protested. Neces sarily, the marriage was stayed. Sir John Canning's indignation knew no bounds, and at once threatened legal proceedings. ' Sir John,' said Desmond calmly, ' you can know nothing about this marriage ; it took place before you knew of your granddaughter's exis tence. It was in consequence of her flight from me after the marriage that you came across her. I shall be able to prove what I say.' ' It is untrue — it is most untrue ! cried Hilda, who, at this point, be came insensible. Necessarily, Sir John Canning ap plied to his lawyers, and with this result, — they reported that Noel Des mond was certainly the husband of Hilda Canning, who, at the time of her marriage, had supposed herself Hilda Grey ; that they were married at Borth-Allis, a small town in Wales (they had copies of the certificate of marriage) ; that the clergyman who performed the ceremony was ready to swear to the marriage ; and,_ finally, that the signature in the register was unquestionably Miss Canning's. (To be Continued). . 