Wrestling with Men. ' There wrestled a man with him.' — Gen. xsxii. 24. ' My Father worketh hitherto, and I work.' — John v. 17. When God would give Jacob power with Himself and power with man, He came to him clothed in a body like his own. The first fact of New Testament his tory is the Incarnation. ' The Word,' who appeared to Abraham in angelic visitation and mystic symbol, ' was made flesh and dwelt among us.' As an article in our creed we believe this, yet how little do we realise it. ? We cannot steadfastly behold the face of the Prophet like unto Moses for the glory of His countenance. Even the veil is radiant with glory. One of the strongest testimonies to our Lord's Divinity is the difficulty we have in realising His humanity. And yet this is the foremost lesson of the New Testament. The Gospels are full of details and rich in vivid colouring. They purposely present to our imagi nation realistic pictures of the human life by which God came near and literally ' took hold of the seed of Abraham.' ? Why ? Because the Divine Spirit knew that in all ages childlike disciples would need, as a foundation of their Christian faith, a reverent familiarity with ' the form of the Son of Man' with the tones of His voice, with the touch of His hand. His Divine Nature is an awful mystery. It may be felt, but it can never be understood. As the greatest fact of sacred history, it is asserted, implied, taken for granted over and over again. But the inspired evangelists and apostles never dreamed of attempting to 'prove it ; it is open to question whether they anticipated that anyone would ever be mad enough to doubt it. They simply bowed before the majesty of the Divine glory. The proof of our Lord's Divinity is the worship of the New Testament. Josephus doubted whether He could be ' called a man.' But the humanity of Jesus is some thing that we may understand. It appeals to every-day experience. Child hood, youth, and maturity, growth and learning, submission and labour, hunger and thirst, friend -hip and enmity, joy and sorrow, weariness and rest, these are experiences through which we all have passed or are passing. And these are the facts which lie on the surface of the Gospels. Many shrink fr.un attemnting to realise the actual human life of our Saviour. They would veil that which God has unveiled. I have seen the first line of Keble's evening hymn altered from, ' Sun of my soul, Thou Saviour, dear,' to, 'Sun of my soul, Thou heavenly light.' The man who made that change would have rebuked John for presuming to lean his head on his Lord's breast at supper-time, and would have lifted his hands in pious amazement if he had heard Jesus say, ''Whosoever shall do the will of My Father, the same is My brother and sister and mother.'' The more perfectly we familiarise ourselves with the fact that our 'Saviour dear ' was made in all things like unto His brethren, tbe more perfectly shall we worship Him. Did Jacob less reverently adore the God of his fathers because at Peniel he saw Him face to face ? Where will you find a more perfect model of reverent prayer than you have in the aged patriarch's benediction upon the sons of Joseph — a benediction, be it observed, in which he distinctly refers to the wrestling at Peniel P ' God, before Whom my fathers walked, the God Who fed me ali my life long, the Angel Who redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads.' GOD REACHED JACOB'S SOUL THROUGH HIS BODY. We often fail to understand our own spirit and life because we do not recog nise the alliance between soul and body. Many a godly man who is writing bitter things against himself would be shocked if told that his low sta'e of religious experience might be largely influenced by a disordered liver or nerves. Not a few Christian men and women would be amazed if told that an entire change of air and scene, or more vigor ous attention to business, or some violent physical exercise, would have an excellent effect upon their faith and zeal. The more closely we study human nature, and also that truest book on human nature, the Bible, the more clearly shall we see that there is the closest connection between body and soul, between our secular and religious, our temporal and eternal life. Even Paul, living at a time in which only the very highest type of spirituality had a chance of survival, could not but admit that 'bodily exercise profited unto a Hi tie.' What light upon this subject comes to us from the life of our Lord ? 1\. On tbe threshold of the Gospel histojy stands a significant fact. Omitting the account of His birth, the record of the three and thirty years he spent on earth is condensed in a few brief sentences. Why ? Pro baby because those years were devoted to a life so ordinary that it could not be distinguished from any other life, save by its purity and truthfulness and love. Yet how practical are the lessons which come to us from those few sen tences. The life of the Holy Child is described as a life of physical growth ; therefore, if bye-and-bye, our children are to ' go about doing good,' we must see to their lungs and limbs. As a life of mental acquirement ; and if our children are to serve with the gift of intelligent speech, we must see to their brains and books. As a life of filial obedience; therefore, if our children are to become kings and queens, ruling their little heritages justly, we mubt rule them and draw them into habits of obedience and loyalty to duty and authority. As a life of manly labour ; therefore, if we desire our children to sympathise with honest labour wherever they may meet with it, we must see that they now learn how to use eye, ear, hand, ancl brain. The one saying of Jesus which comes to us out of those thirty silent years is this, ' I must be about my Father's busines-.' Some may prefer the words in the revised form, ' I must be iu my Father's house.' Only, in that case, you must remember that the temple was not a lounge for a wet or wasteful, day. It had no court of idlers. The busiest place in Jerusalem was the Father's house — yes, the busiest, even, after Jesus had driven out the buyers and sellers. But who does not feel that the boy was about His Father's business also when He was learning His lessons in the synagogue school at Nazareth, or playing with his brothers ^or cousins} who lived in the same house, or working at the bench for His mother, and not only when He was asking and answer ing questions in the temple ? Who does not teel that the thirty years of ordinary human life formed the best — perhaps all things considered, the only possible preparation for the three years of ex traordinary spiritual ministry, and that,, therefore, there was, even in His case, the most intimate connection between the physical and the spiritual life ? 2\. Think how large a portion of our Lord's work was devoted to the bodies of the people. In physical defect of every kind He saw the work of the devil,, and set Himself to destroy it. His ultimate object in nearly every one of His mil acles was moral and spiritual but He did not undervalue the impor tance of the physical pathway which led to the spiritual end. It is often said, ' We need more soul saving preaching.' True. But we need also more body-saving work. How many lives are shortened by avoidable violation of law ? How much Christian work is marred by neglect and' disorder ? What multitudes are incapacitated for the nobler emotions and services by excess, or by impurity or insufficiency of food, by ill-paid work,, by surroundings which would degrade dogs and horses, by a lot in which there is not one ray of hope ? As those who- are sent to do the very same work which Christ did, we need to wrestle with the physical and social condition of the people. Only thus can we hope to reach, their souls. To talk of ' spiritual destitution ' is often mere mockery.. Let us manfully face the problem in its entirety, as did our Lord. We have stood by and allowed the devil to wrestle with men. Wiser than we are, - he has taken hold of men as he has found them, playing havoc with their bodies,, minds, soula, homes, occupations, recre ations. We must follow suit and endeavour by God's grace to destroy ali the works of the devil. 3\. God helped Jacob by opposition This story teaches a les3on which runs through so much of the Bible history — the blessedness of Divine chas tisement — the helpfulness of Divine hindrances. If God blocks our way, it is that in-. the end we may make more certain' headway. ' The spirit helpeth our infirmities with groanings that cannot be uttered.' If we have ever wrestled anything worth having out of life, has it not been because God has first wrestled with us ? You may 'think that we must not look for much illustration of this feature - of the story in the work of our Lord He was ' anointed to preach glad tidings to the poor and to heal the broken-hearted.' ' Comfort ye ' is the keynote of the Gospels. His miracles were all miracles of mercy.. The image by which he described His own teaching was the joyful piping of' children at play. And yet, even in the work of the Prince of Peace, this principle— the- helpfulness of chastisement and hind rance — was not without its illustrations.. The song of the angels had its under tone in the words of Simeon, ' This child is set for the fall and rising again of many in Israel. Yea, a sword also shall pierce thine own soul, that the thoughts of many may be revealed.'' More than once our Lord strengthened:^ (Concluded on page 10.) (Continued from page 8.) faith or deepened humility, by a delay, a toleration of hindrance, which looked strangely unlike His usual impatience to relieve suffering. He trained His disciples partly by tbe dis cipline of difficulty and disappoint ment. He sent them of set purpose across the lake when He knew that a storm was coming, and left them to ?wrestle with it until their own skill and strength were exhausted. Probably few days passed without some trial of faith, of patience, of zeal — without some foretaste of that night- wrestling which was to last from the moment of their Lord's ascension until the day spring broke upon their weary spirits. : On the mount Peter cried, 'It is good to be here.' But when Jesus came to him in the storm, he and his com rades cried out for fear: 'It is a spirit.' So we often see Jesus in the Sabbath calm, in the Bweet stillness of happy fellowship, in the glow of choral 'worship, and thus ' would ever abide.' But when His voice rolls in thunder, or when His form looms out in the dark ness of the tempest, we cry out for fear. When He gives His beloved sleep, and comes in dreams ; when we see the opening heavens and hosts of angels ascending and descending, then we cry,' ' Bethel ! Surely God is in this place !' But how few of us call the place in which God wrestles with us, Peniel. It may be asked, ' When God hides Himself, how can we know that it is He ? That which wrestles with us may be of the. devil, or of the world, for any thing we can know to the contrary. Just so. We never can know God until he reveals Himself. Nevertheless, our duty is clear. Suppose the devil sends a messenger to buffet us, and ! then God sends an angel to wrestle with us ; and both the devil and the angel are so disguised that we cannot tell one from the other, or from whence, or for what purpose either of them has come ? Is not our duty in both cases the same ? Not to cry but with fear, not to run away in terror ; but to be strong and of good courage. If things are against you, my friend, ) stand up like a man : look your difficulties in the face: lay hands upon them 'resolutely. If they come of the devil, they will vanish like mist of the morning : if from God, they will yield some unlooked-for blessing. In any case your spiritual nerves and muscles will be the steadier and stronger for a brave wrestling with difficulty. ' When the wind is blowing, Do not shrink and cower. Firmly onward going, Feel the joy of power. Heaviest the heart is In a heavy air, Every wind that rises Blows away despair. With the waves contending, See, the ships prevail, Winning and befriending From the adverse gale. Thus the way contesting Souls must hold their course Thus a blessing wresting From each hostile force.' 4\. The immediate purpose of God's appearance to Jacob was to arouse religious earnestness. All the interest of patriarchal history revolves round the Covenant-blessing. The patriarchs were founding a nation which was to hold the Covenant in trust for the families of all flesh. Every step in the process — marriage, birth of children, migration, conflict or alliance with neighbouring tribes, the purchase of land and the accumulation of property — was important solely as it bore upon the destinies of the Covenant. The test of religious earnestness for members of patriarchal families was the way in wnich they felt and acted in relation to the Covenant-blessing. Jacob in this was faulty. First, he defiled the blessing, so far as it could be defiled, by snatching it fraudulently. And then, in Padan aram, he seemed utterly to forget it. He settled in the land from which God brought his grandfather : he accepted the family gods which Abraham for sook ; he gave himself steadily to the acquisition of- property, and seemed bent on founding a new Chaldean family. At la&t;, after twenty year?, God reminded him of the forgotten family, aroused him from his comfortable worldliness, stirred up his nest by the jealousy of Laban, and drove him back towards the land of the Covenant. But now, on the frontier, his religious earnestness, which had thus been rescued from the spells of worldli ness, is exposed to a new peril. Fear and distress threaten to paralyse it. In, the critical moment God comes to him as a stranger and a enemy. He wrestles with him ; rouses first his body and then his soul ; and the first fruit of this discipline is the cry : ' I WILL NOT LET TheE GO, EXCEPT Thou blbss me.' At last, The Blessing, tvhich he once thought to win by fraud, and which he afterwards cast on one side as worthless, is more to him than any thing else — more than flocks and family, more than the fear of Esau, more than life or death. The condition of the Jews in our Lord's days was similar. There was no religious earnestness. Faith was lulled to sleep by worldliness, or choked by formality, or pralysed by despair. Men were intent on comfort and success, or were the victims of exaggerated fears. There was a show of religiousness, but the bravery of the show made the hideousness of the carcase within the more dreadful. There was neither heroism of right- doing nor spirituality of purpose. Men prayed, fasted, and gave — ' before men ' not before God. There was no living faith in God, no deep-rooted hatred of sin, no passionate yearning for truth or goodness, no con sciousness of the responsibilities of life or of the realities of another world. When Christ came the people ran after Him. It was a new thing — the last sensation — something to tell about. But the new Teacher turned upon them sternly : 'If any man will come after Me, let Him deny Himself and take up his cross and follow Me.'' He fastened upon three evils which have ever been the bane of religion — self-saving, world winning, and shame-fearing. That was our Lord's wrestling with the men of that generation. And there were few words or deeds of His ministry which did not contain similar treat ment. Earnestness of motive, of speech, of deed ; earnestness in prayer and in every other act of religion ; earnestness in the battle with sin, in. the strife for truth and righteousness, in using every gift, in doing every work — Religious earnestnees was that which He was ever bent upon arousing. Read His parables on prayer and work ; His teaching on charity, on self denial, on forsaking all, on brotherly love, on seeking the Kingdom. Bead His oharges to the twelve and the seventy ; His exposure of the religion of the times ; His treatment of the rich young ruler, of the Syro-Phoenician woman, of Nicodemus. and Martha. Think of the life He Himself lived, and remember that, on the night before His crucifixion, He said to His disciples, ' I have left you an example that ye should tread in My steps.' And, last of all, recall the word of John on the eve of the commencement of the great ministry, ' He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with flre,' not with water, soft and soothing, but ' with fire ' that kindles into flames Of divine zeal. ' Enlarge, inflame, and fill my heart With boundless charity divine. So shall I all my strength exert, And love them with a zeal like Thine, . And lead them to Thy open side — The sheep for whom their Shepherd died.' — Rev. N. Curnock. 