Some Bash Stories. The ilrover's Life. ' The Flaneur ' in the ' Free ,man's J ournal ' relates the follow ing interesting stories of Aus tralian drovers : — Naturally enough, whilo writing of explorers, pioneers, squatters, and the like, one's thoughts turn to that hard-toiling, nottoowoll paid, and generally-easy-going-class — the drovers. No end of good stories could be collected about those bush wanderers, and there should bo plenty of money in a jyell-writton book concerning (hqir I adventures, but the stories I have met in print referring to them have mostly been as ' weedy ' as some of the stock they drove. A bright exception to this is an article found a short simo ago in the Australa sian, written by some anonymous scribe whose experience is evidently as large as his style of describing it is readable. He complains, with much truth, that owing to circum stances over which ho has no con trol the poor drover ' must go,' and, like Othello's, his occupation will soon bo gone completely. Dairying, says this able authority, lias now established itself on stations that used to furnish drovers with their dafts of cattle, and whero gaunt Queensland ' stores ' used to graze knee-deep in grasses until they became ' fats ' there are now herds of sleek full uddered cows. The old droving stages —though Darlington, Skip ton, Lismore, Snaky Valley— are deserted, and the only man who rejoices in the change is the ' three cliain squatter,' who grazes slieep free of charge on the camping reserve. * * * The dreary, weary life of the poor ' cocky ' is well illustrated by one short story this old-timer tells of a day when travelling with the few 'fats' bis party pitched a camp in a hollow : — Presently a horseman came galloping towards lis. ' Confound him,' said my mate, ' I hope he ain't going to shift us.' The horseman galloped on till within half-an-dozen yards of our fire, then flung himself to the ground and squatted be3ide us. Pulling a spotted handkerchief out, lie mopped his face, and said : ' Come t' have a pitch — how's the war?' Ho was living with his wife near by, and he had heard no news for two weeks. My mate inquired about a familj- that used to live there. ' Oh, they've shifted to the other side of the run,' was the reply. ' I think they wanted to he near the post.' ' How far are they from the post now?' I ven tured. ' Oli, only five miles or so.'' A mere trifle— a bush trifle, of course — and in all probability the lonely man would chase a horse ten miles to ride that 'short distauce ' rather than trust to ' Shank's pony.'' * * * The ' pick of the basket,' how ever, is a tale told of an old drover disguised under the name of Camp hell. He was one of two who were taking drafts of fat cattle to Bal larat. One night they put the stock into a paddock without ask ing permission. In the night the cattle broke into a cultivation pad dock and wrecked it aompletely. The drovers slept at an hotel some distance away. Early in the morn ing when Campbell came to lob the cattle out ho was met by the owner of the crop, who claimed damages and refused to let the cattle go till paid. Campbell tried persuasion in vain, and then said : - ' I've got no money on me. Let me take half the mob into Ballarat and sell thom, and I'll come hack and pay you and get the others out.' The paddock - ow®er accepted this as a fair offer, and Campbell drafted out his own cattle, leaving liis mate's as security. When the late-rising mate appeared lie had to pay the whole of the damage before he could geb a beast away. On another occasion Camp Lull had a mob of restive stores, and being unable to get a paddock he and his mate took turns watch ing them. In the middle of the night the mate was sitting on a log dozing by the fire, and holding the bridle of his horse. Campbell was in the waggon supposed to be asleep. Peeping out lie noticed the watcher nodding, and threw a boot at the horso's head. The horse made a bound backward, dragging the half dazed man through the blazing fire before he let go the reins. While the mate was away watching his horse, Campbell recovered the boot, and in the morning listened to a number of speculations as to the cause of tho horse's fright. Camp hell suggested ' natural causes horses resSMbled humau beings in some things, and amongst others they occasionally had dreams, probably night-mares, and possibly it was one of those that sent his chum's gee-gee on the rampage. His mate didn't put much faith in these suggestions, however, and was evidently much relieved when they ' struck camp,' for he was dead certain that a foul murder had been committed near the spot, and his moke was scared by the victim's 'spook.' It wouldn't lake much imagination to invent a lovely ghost story even out of an old boot. 