HORSHAM CATHOLIC CHURCH. VISIT OF THE BISHOP. The Bishop of Ballarat, the Right Rev. Dr. James Moore, who is making an opisco. pal visitation of the missions in the Wim m'ra division of his diocese, was in Hor sham on Wednesday. Having said Mass at 8 o'clock, his Lordship at 11 o'clock, after a second Mass, said by the Rev. Father O'Brien, administered the sacrament of confirmation to 77 postulauts 41 males and 36 fem sles. IThe church was crowded to excess, many people being unable to secure admission. The children had, in tl.e morning, many of them having made their first communion at the bishop's mass, been entertained at breakfast in ' the school room by the teachers. Miss Nelson and Miss Keating, and were subjected to a stringent examination by the bishop, the ordeal of which was successfully passed through by all. The procession of the pom. tulouts, the girls all in white, with white veils, and the boys with white silk badges and rosettes on their arms, from the school room, in which the bishop and Father O'Brien took part, was a pretty sight. The candidates were presented by the parish priest, Father O'Brien, Miss Dagmar Nelsn anod iJr. E. R. Kelsall acting as sponsors. His Lordship, who had at Mass preached an eloquent sermon on devotion to the Blessed Virgin, to which the month of October it especially dedicated, before the administration of the sacrament spoke earnestly to the children upon the great gift of the Holy Ghost made in it, and subse quently of their obligation to discharge the great spiritunl rasponsibilities they had incurred. He took occasion to acknowledge the piety of the Catholics of the Horeham Mission and their lib:rality to the Church, and to compliment the parishioners and their devoted priest upon the enlargement asid improvement of the parish church. He had been greatly pleased by the splendid examination in Chris tian doctrine passed by those who had been confirmed, which r flected the greatest credit upon their priest, Father O'Brien, and their teachers. Miss Nelson and Miss Kesting. As the result of the recent exam ination showed, they had one of the best schools in the diocese,and he exhorted them to continue loyal in their support of it. All the conoSrmees repeated after the bishop the pledge of total abstinence. This will be be binding upon them till they are 21, but the bishop strongly advised them to be faithful to it all their lives. Mr. E. R. Kelsall, in the unavoidablc ab. seoce of the president (Mr. Ht. P. Green), presented to the bishop an address expros. sive of the loyalty and affection of the parochial branch of the Catholic Young Men's Society. His I.ordship, in the the course of a graceful acknowledgement, expressed his worm appreciation of the value of the Cathrolic Young Men's Society, in the work of which he took the most lively interest, realising that the Catholic young men of to-day were the Church of the future. He felt sure that the Catholic young men of Australia would yield to none in theirloyalty and devotion to the Church, and that they would play a part of which they need not be ashamed in shaping the destinies of the Australian Commonwealth and contributing to the value of its citizen ship. He had lately paid a visit to the Pope, at Rome, and was delighted to note the interest the Holy Father evinced in matters Australian and astonished to note the marvellous knowledge of the details of diocesan administration that he had showed himself to have. His Holiness, who was especially anxious under this head, appeared to know as nuch of the Australian systems of education as he (the bishop) did, and in inquired most carefully as to the conditions under which Australian Catholic youth were educated. Referring to the recent deputation of the Victorian prelates to the Minister of Education, the bishop expressed the hope that the Minister would would arrange for the Government inspec tion of the Catholie Primary Schools. De spite what some of their detractors said, he was corvinced that such an inspection would reveal the fact that the secular edu cation given in these was equal, if not, as he believed it was, superior to that imparted In the State schools. If this were not so, how was it that so many of their non Catholic friends sent their children to Catholic schools! The second concession sought from the Education Department, that competition for the Government scholarship and exhibitions, tenable at the public schools and the Uuiversity,should be open to the pupils of Catholic school:, for whom the bishops spoke, was claimed by Catholics, not as a favor but as the right of those who, as colonists and taxpayers, contributed to the support of both the State system of primary educa tion and the University. The bishop imparted his blessing to the congregation. 