. THE flOYEEHOR GEHERAL 'ARRIVAL AT 1TU3MANTM5. PKQOEEDS TO ADELAIDE ON THE MAIL STI3AMER. INTERVIEW WITH LORD HOPETOUN. Tiw absence cf reliable information as to the jnovemonts of 'Lord' Hopetoun on his axTival at Fremtuitlo, uml the desire of tho homo authorities that no reception should take pluoo on acqount of his iU-tealth ac counted for tho fact that no arrangements woro made for formally welcoming him to Australia. TITS overhead railway bridge nr- Frowantlo had boon deooratod with Hags and greenstuff*, while the iusoriutiuu 'Federated Australia welcomes tho Uovc. nor-Goneral' extended ? along the end of the bridge in red lettering on a white unofc* ground. Ovor tho con ire o.t ilio ir.sorip tion was a design on calico, ivpi'O'*utiu,ir tjje ilags of the empire, enclosing a painting of the Governor-General. The U.M.S. Victoria, which Lord Hopotv.m boarded at Colombo ui such a weakened condition, on account of fever, that he lad to l-o carried aboard, was sightod from Ilottnest at 2.15 this morning, and entered tho rivor at 5.30, berthing at tho South Quay u few uunulas later, By this time the vosssls as tho wharf woro lined with bunting Irom atom to atom, and tho mail atoamov vas simiUuly drossed, At 8 a.m. tho Fremantlo nrtil lory firod a saluto at tho South ^uav, ond tho guns from the Royal Arthur repliod. It had been intonded that Lord Ubpotoun should join Iho Uagship of tho Australian squadron at Fromnntlo, and proceed diroob to Sydnoy, but these plans had to be chang ed, for hi3 medical advisor, Major Philson, deemed it advisable that ho should continue tho voyage to Adelaide in the mail stearaor. and thon embark on tho Royal Arthur. His Excellonoy immediately granted a reporter of tho 'Daily News' an interview in tho captain's oabin, whioh was -kindly xilaood at his disposal for the voyage by Sommandor Crewo. Lord Hopotoun was looking thin and pallid, and soomod only tho ghost of his former self. Although rapidly rocovoring from his sovero attack of malarial dysentery, Lord Hopotoun bora plontiful signs of the ravages of tho diseases While roady to convorso, ho desired to koop away from political matters, and, in reply ,to liia interviewer, could givo no informa tion as to whom ho would oall upon to form tho first Federal Ministry. With regard to his illness Lord Hopotoun said he had gone to India for a five wooks1 holiday, and at tho that time he had ovory reason to be lieve tho hot olimato would suit him. For the first ton days ho was particularly well, and thon all in ono day ho was stricken down with fovor, and bocamo seriously ill. This was at Meorut. Ho had to bo carried in a dhooly to the train, afterwards to tho naval oommandant'a quarters, and finally to Govornmont-House, Colombo, Tho at tackihad developed into a severe form of malarial dysentery. 'I am quite fat now,' romarkod His Excellenoy— but his appear anco bolied it— 'for at Meerut I believe I hardly weighed as much as my oldest son. 1 nm able to dress myself now, and toddlo about. It was only tho day before yester day that 1 was able to walk about tho deck. I don't want to soo any more of India,' remarked His Excolloncy, as his thoughts went baok to .the unpleasant ex« perienoos he had encountered there Ro forring to the illnoss of Lady Hopetounj ho mentioned that misfortunes never seem ed to como singly. Two days before reach ing Colombo, Liuly Hopotoun took ill, and by tho time the seaport was in sight, sho ?was suffering from malarial fever. 'Thank God sho is well,' said Lord Hopotoun, when, he was informod of tho latest cable reports regarding her oondition. His Ex cellenoy expressed the hope that on roaoh ing Sydney ho would recover quickly, as 'ho fared far bettor on land than on tho soa. 'I am a king to what I was,' ho joou« larly romarkod, and our reporter could woll imngino it wlien ho added that whon at Moorut his condition was similar to that of tho famino-strickcm Hindoos. Questioned as to his feelings on return ing to Australia, Lord Hopotoun roplied that he was coining back among old friends and 'did not feel shy this time.' The fivo years ho had spont in Australia were tho happiost years of his lifo, and ho was pleas ed to be back again, It wus gratifying to find that tho people woro so kind and thoughtful in remomboring ono who had loft thorn, though only for a timo, for tho ?gonoral rulo was that 'whon a man goes ho goos for ever.' With roforonco to tho feoliug in Eng land at tho federation of tho Australian colonies, Lord Hopotouu said that groat dolight was folt throughout tho kingdom .at tho fact that tho colonies had entored into union, Whon oskod if ho had a raossago to seud to tho people of Australia, ho remarked that tho mossago would bo to the whole of Aus tralia this time, and not to any ono part of if . Ho addod jocularly that 'ho would take caro not to quoto Kipling, but would cousidor what message ho would send, and would giro it to his interviewer lator in tho day. 