In Love's. Crucbl. ~frnf GOST OF TITI PA~ST 'aid stiagir 'slike;, for fifteen ,long i-' 'a, iarshbaiv l.'ad hoa mvered; oaei" it, nod ?rdthe gloomi of 'a dead shlied bafilledI it. the .. simslenaem.of a?.buried life lied rooded there. aad the. peo le ]hld .Anduow oS soddeni he.oo a been thirownvai opcdndhlife aaid-gsietv, be'auty and f[shion, thrioigeat ts er',t .whilae gloomy clhamnbeis. Every naih Sow gle'aned 3ovously icth'ithe w .arm -a? -llane of light, und soft,"melting sti,-ains bseet,, c olees and the rustle of silks and It ais,* 'dna vbite shouilder ingleaned, l{?]iilbright .eyes flemsh-e~d with? Cupids tac]aiflae)~l lawns, and ,drives. were: ga'y \;latlni'?ian "e l'o Iiiie'd: lamnps, ?'and slain ?Aitliheraied servants, eand the pebblad -?dfihadaviay" caunelie'd u'ndea?' spur?ning. rt;aofsiiJS"nd.grind?ing wh,{eels. And the? ?($?]otm. amd sileooce of, Hetleigh Hall -w reirvaen anay Seme there-, ero who, had knlmn Ithe Mead:,.Dick -lartleigh "of 20 years I?,go, iend thaesewvere'euirious to see the chi'i"es time end soi'ron had wrought /in ae iaiaa;whose a.wildexploitslhad scet the' sober world agog. And otheis theri wvere to alvblm liew'ias only a A.a?mn, anid they looked to see walia.t . nniiaaaer of miian this wiis who aliid staa't led life wvithl1 iiasti unllinited wealth a.nad a til,"thht. .weiuit back. nea'ly. : 'imhous ad yea'ris; -ahlao had. in his youth startledEnglamad.with his maalC caprices, 'nd'idho hlid liv1ed a naiserly recluse for fifteen .years, only to end by openunig ba hmagnafiet mansiotr feasting \- id whacia t"ley entered the dawlaiing room, wh'it did lthey see They saw, a. tall, tthin. mani, of plerapsr55 years of age;said with aclei?i-cut patrician faee, disti-guished by the Hartleig grey' blue eyes3 c midwefl-formed mouth--a thoa arough speimeei of old ]E?nglish larcedins- who greeted liam friends and ivaeleotmed tlutna" with a eouirtlitess which smaeked of the mamners of the ohl wo al tliat had l~ifoaivahiui as Maid -ielk- hiartleigh. He w'as not a whit embarrassed; le did not explain, why the hill liad been closed to them for so.many yenrsi buit boae himself with the well- bred ease of a inan who. is . awaiie of nothing extraordinary inwliat lie was doirig; and With polished ease leaned one white, than hand ,upon thd iarm of his neplien Gyia l'irthleigh, as hae went about.hinitrodueing the young aiman and doing thea ho-iours of thue even Meir as he was to the title and as ta'tes, OGui,'is even .less known than Bir ici?imrd, thoUghhlia'i boyhood, too, had becei spent micar the hial; ba sitinn -his boyhood lie h-lad viasited thie hall only at stated intervals, and fora a .brief period at those times. Ha.4 relatiotis:to the old mli haid bieen of thi coldest mad mriost ,format.lin-d, nevem aeacohing, thi "length' of affection, aanid 'al.ways 'com st-auined. To lahiaet'hi. hlh laid enier h'bee. am aawnesnii Ihtee, and no one. of the gay thyong .wu.s more "urpi'ised thana he.to see the old place radiant i uith hig?ht and o03"ous with.inorth ucd Giywas a: -Itatlelgh?r -Everybiody : v, a-tliat eta glance. iIe hzul in full 2i :lsejisura all tle qualities for whici Ids Y->rae?hhd been 'afmnus.§Tall: stalisart, erect, and odld' of beasring his one of fihe ancient Vilings, lieh-v ynset a patrician from the ta? hair of- i-ia lieul to the -nell-shape fee wliiclu he uised so ,gricefully in theimaeiayhlidiiigs of the wifitz.e And fuor il the strangeie~ss of the gatleringi lhe did iiot failtb:&xiter; "rito the aujhemeat of it with"all the zest and a.idour o;of otitli ." The bali as an success, 5s eaerybody arngeed. It hldl theaitened to ?e still; but as the Litttle ?dy Gladys Vyner Ssifd. who coald resist the infectious "-aietty of- Guy:-arthigh.? Noboby, ap parently,-for after the first feeling of -wonderment at findingi themselves ii , house wsicr most of tleni had cone to look upon as i, toiiib, they oni ind \- ill abhmdaneoned-tblmselhsu to the enjoy nseat of the oceasion, and mude tim, old awills- -ring i-ain" ,with ,their" joyous asirth~i - -- it wmas 3 o'clock lhefore thi last guest -eft,'-he hall, and--' -it f-le tired sees-uts hastenied to exutinguish fli lglcta, or the lawn ant 'ir -the house, so fh-it befoare Guiy-hliiireturied, ifter putting pretty L ady Gladys into h-r ca-l criuge, he foiund luinself, ,with sonimtlhi?g of tlh old boyish slmddbe' \- i the same "loomy hull. oh! the past! Iis uncle, ten,' had 'disappeared.;4si Guy, with a- shrug ofl his broad .soiil flees; told .himself tlrit, iftker thieiulo :.::,l ,iddeihficni gliimipse of hoyoii~fiM',flife;t o' ld ohucerless lift ss s t-tbi-fldiii,''l~ up Igami. Aal if that wsre swd'?O'hiit ws to become of hum? lHe iwold-not con sent to btry luimseilf thr? as his iunclo kid don Se seold reiil fi:tolih Conitinoiit r'ither thittli ,t; and witli this thought is his -iid, .hi turied fromnf-he drasrnw c taiid made hi-s I -wy to the libry 4vsr lie5 could hare a list smioke: ocliiiiMig. A lamp ,a us still birnnin ic ,the libra -y, ail he was abouitf-oalilit hiscigs when a naoise in th hin4djaiumhg rooii attrnicted ins,atteitiic, l de turned lhis head to listen??. \- ,"is .t lxa 3 ioi, G uy ?" dems i de d . a -oil~ es",ds .i .°.. "- .." " -I-wm isn unle oherloilmd spoken. htie,: reinf was dark,' aindi G:ttyawoder nfl ssliaf-the old-man was doing these .t fiehm";a-"time. "t ] ua, s a sorti of diseon a-utem, picture gilC 3, and sa. used iftur pot rtfisits of theliater gemem ions of the Trai tl ??'g i.'- . - \---"Coine in here, fn; I usould like to \- a y .-fun mwords to you, ift ,ou0 's not ootired to tall with mu?." "Not at all. I s as goiig to sit upl ainid si?kce't a cigar-before going to bed." "- - i ?riutumyoue;cirir,'.n here; anrd if -thmei 'is a -cniudle there bring that, too. -Gay lighted his cgiar, and lifting the lump, ] ruied-uit into the gallery. his -imuucle sat sum a great arm-chair, with a werv istful exp~ression in Ins us nillyitern, iipas'iye.vfauc. He motion •dxGni3 to-ticihair -ead, after a ptause, s-hilih Guy',-oiccupied -in. idly' puffing Sn iicithd asked abrinptly,, bat notb un .Do you. kna~owihyI2,1?. .g?,ino titis "I nderiftodtit,-was to introduce e." . . i"lint you 'ec thr yeitis pust??our mnajority.M-Wyh should I ,wish?oto int?o" dico you now. any more thla three ye-irs agO iot tlsaiige vhen such tshings iirc comsmonly doo'csn yeu guess?"' s"No, sir' , hthtsblsay. tried dto.. d X"You re heir to the title:end estate, but except ait my will yout could never lfi:es 'e ~ottoed- itu"penn5of ,y otni inherit' "'I ariow that, birt aud I cia grato? -It is not fori that that I speck-now. Litstel."1The estate is aTgood one' and\ by; my will or inot you will ub' a mi datht be in possessioxh of a. fae iso come, !biut therisis ct immense fortunii pgirt, of whihel I inhlrited,:end more of whieh I iave aciuitulted, which cea be- .disposeds iof eccording ,to .m ons i;sih.sI have hd vyouneduc-stedd end I have alsa?,s provided for you. with the oncdea' of leaving to you this wealth, whinch liesnver done me ny e3 good.' OnGuy mininmuned soincthmhi in the. ni tsiire of thanks for this promised inuni ficence; , his uncle lioweser, took no notice of his words, but,' as if lie hali nmt heard them, went on: ' " I hadve watdhed . oiu cariefill3, .nd I have so much confiidence in oets thet I do no?t hesitate to ask of yoxuwhat isith a notlier,. I stould snake a condi tion of the bestowal of this swealth"' ';"I amsgled it is c request rathsei than a coildition," s-d Guy, with quick pride. "'You would lihae resented the cond tion, tperhiis. even ref ised it?" queried Sir Rieherd," with -ds-i'-xtety he made no effort to conceal. : "I em a ltartleigh,"' was the proud enswsser.. :-" .lhtt the rcqust ?" .'* , ; , . . i ., "Is acceded to'withiout hesitation., ,I makeo lio eserrvatiioen for"I know it is;a little likely that you "would islk, as] that I would grant, anything thatf could riot be done witlli'lonoui:" , .. "It is tsrue; but you must:now thlie requiist before you, granit it.'i ;. ' , Sir Richard let.-his hai\d fall upon his head as he said this, and for several, minutes did not open Ihis lips. 'There was so little of the bld fainiliaristerix ness, and there was so much of repress ed sorrow in.his uncle's, tone and man-. ner, thati Guy felt a new sentiment coming" to life in his generous heart. It seemed to him tliat in place- of the hard;. repellent;old.: man he lihad accus tomed himself to see in his iuncle, there was one who needed his affection and support. He put his hand out with n. frank, generous gesture,; chairacteris tic; dfihimi anda wouldlihave spokesi ; but the older man seemed to compre hend, for-he lookcednup with, .sinile ha' sail as it was rare on hias face, and tak ing the hand in both of his fora eho ment, gave it a gentle pressure, which. seemed: to say.-"I- know-- what --ypti would say, and I tliank you. Then he dropped it,.. and rising painfully to his, feet,' said, bsrokelnly" ;. .-' ' . "Guy,; you Ihave lmown, me a silefit, nnloving man. i miser, somie have call; ed me;'a misanthrope;,others. I hiev been neither, but a suffering, self-con demned i wretchd.:. v .Thlicanse you shall klaow;" - - : He drew a. tiny key from his pocket, and, approaching~ whalat looked lilke a Inrge cabinet restiig against .the aill, inserted tlii ke]y, '(ni unlocked it:'FTwo doors swuing olpeni and thiere' was'a - :ealedd'to.iGuy's aastonislhied eyes thlie piortrait'at of i surpiissisnglhy beautiful woman. Many times had Gluy stopped aWoilderingly before this seeming cabli net, butnever had lie suspected what it, really vwas. . t?elturwied to Sir, nichird, with a look of inquiry:.;'' ' " -, ': yr? -?ife, ,,'were .theos.ly a.ords I th spoke, and thesl turned asway with such a look of agony-,on his face, that Guiys kind heart went out.to him ".. He would havegbicne to his side and given him that 'silent sympaLthy whiich men like, but felt:that it, would be wiser not: so Ihe'stoodloqokinguip at th;llov'e ly face, 'whielise-imed' to li?%similing down at liimih'n'; a trustful tetender way thliat bespokelhIisconfidence, in spite of the stobiry-ile vigiely remembered . to have heard of her. fBy-and-by his incle retiuriedtto -his; side, iand asked .him, softl.vh", "rCoid "ou believe l er to be fslse?" .",, ens.wercd G011, in.dls "fearless 'f'Sit:down T. enty years ago toztle Ima-ied icConstanice Faulkner. She *ss 'nung 'and ars yon see, inrely: beautiful. I loved her, neid I believed she loved nec And when I say 'love, Imeane alliTli word ean' mean adore tion, worship, devotion. I had hbeen as you- liJ.ave no doitbt heu'd, iwild.lii. law.men srae. Me?[d 2DiekYHa'rt~leighi"f lie said-?with ai sighl - a. Thernaaen. tella the stoiV. lnt afteir my mearriinie I wei. as faitiftul and tiie as I lsd behen ,unstable: andil wild before.," Tw. o yeors after oni mfii?a?,inge? iihild wvas bornito 1s--a ghirlhit-V.,wleriee veiy hlapy,p So happy that vor live years we shut our selves out irinot thene'orld, content ivit-h eseli other; but'then I one din, met anu; o;ldfrend, oine I ha~d !loseil ais .Demon. loved Pythina.i I i vited him.to; the hlll, to renew thinflefredlship of! the old. dafys- G eOie dsyT'returned inex pete'dlh, tb find himn at the feet of my wife speaslng shords of love to iher, lie slept not agaiii in this house." iThe old nmair lowered'hiis -oicri IHte went wstih me to l.raiice and lithee I left hiin deed' s's-Whyegl-?vetiined ,to "my home, my wife was gene-n-y wi-ife and c3? hild':? -?:. -,.;? ?i:? ,r.". , lie preiait, iiely ' i-hy dr iiped oni tie thin wh]itelh'mid aid ?he silence of aegeish.andildespairvfell p"?n ;him. Guy said inot a word, but his broad e t e o?it and-f'h nlI~ae;Tu d -hiis eyes filled wvith a s~y hpsthietin emoisitiura that did 1cm honoer.y F Al-thn h eserre'and the eolduness 'f the past?melted inra,-i iid thinneng? hearti tnd tin old throbbed Piresently the old mavildool d up1with a.,symlinlatht, Hsmile and enetliieed: I? dYfid nomt) seeklto h)brung ir back{. I doubted ev??e thit the child ws miine. I asked no questions, Iswiuld oaoteven look uipon the thinigs- thitsvwere hers. T shut lip the hall amid weiit abroad. lire years litterI .esme:bheck iherei iy heait hardened and full of scorn for myself. . wilet through the rooms, scoffing .at myself to see them just as shr had left them,- I-went even to her chamber. and tossed 'over the difst covered articles on her toilet-table, try ing to make.miiyself believe ., did not ca-re. And -my leftrt was erying out all then timel' Guy.'" and his voice sank to a low whisper, "as I turned over the laces and jewels thiit lay thdre I caine upon a yellow,, time-staened envelope addressed to me. It wat in: her writ lig. ' I tore it open. I I know not what :I thought to find in it; but, ol, great Heaven!, it showed her to me as white tand spotless as the angels themselves. She, who had gone away in her inno cence, knowing my furious anger, and unieasoning passion, had left that let .er, hobpiig I wdiild read it and'follow her for her forgiveness. I sought her -then, but, alas! it was too. late. I hired deteetivesto seirch for her, and for.years they searehed in vain; but at last taey were sucnessnful, and came up: on hiln and hlie child:inr Ainerica. But j tiiE s thE?y main ah?t Ito Comnimni cute witli her, stheuniccountably dis "ppeired: 'Then'sagain they searched; and again foutid 'her, otily to be bat lied in the sameira. ".' Time and again the same, 7thing happened, until it seemed to nie that she must.he trying to elude me. I did not dare go seek myself, fearing, I know not why, that ii Edidl somee dui iaisfortue would be fall her and the child. Noss, she' is dead." * :H arose and paced the floor, not iitl thheassura d step IGuy had been so accustomed to seea lint feebly and sl most totteringly- Bit it calmed him, and iii a afews- minutes lie resumed his seat, and toolfi(i the stoi'y again: "The child is found, 'a young woman ness, 'ad it otily memains to bring her home. T.ome, Guy! I dine not go, and aeverrday I look foi a telegram saying that she too, has disappeared again." ?- .:... Gi3y's liandsome faea lighted up, and le spoke eagerly: * .' "You will let me go for her? If she idisappears: again, I will trace her. :, I iill find her and brin' lir to you. It is what you would ask, is it not? It is swhast I wmould do. Tell me what you nos\vr of lhera whereabouts. Whare is she new?!' .. "In Sin FiPr'tctsco But it is much to ask of you.'" .It is nothing, I shall be ready to ion'au' c' liTe 'will not delay a mo m eit more thain is niecessary. - I am not only willintg,' Iam- eager to go." "etGusif, thereismenore to be said." ":More9? What is it? asked Guy, 'mi easilyt ?fornliere'ksa & strange ex pressien .in. Sir Rielicd'sd face. 'Cml iou pietitiar svh'knty child must he, hs ing led the life shet has?" Bt " s?hiat does it miatter? .She is .iiri datghtert and nis cousin. You doubtit heo I will receive one swlo is, perchance; ignorant and "funcouth !? Doubt no longer She is the victim of an injustice, eid , as s well as you, still do svbliit'les in mie to rectify it." "Al, Guy- its noble as a Ilartleigh l. Tt applies to youi s it never did:to me. But hale a ',ot considered listve ayou thoughte-do you30 "-" "You hesitate.st Tell m&evnithout; re serve, whati is in your mind." " Guny there.isnbut one ,way to place insy daughter right before the world." "And"that is?" "Br marriaga srithoine'swlo is baer social equal" 'Guy looked don!,as if studying the fillt meaniing of 'the iwords ',and then looked tip svith:i frtiink smile, anid put tin. both hands aut to his uncle said: ". uInd eitlind yoi". This is the re qgitat thmatI niiy,3 yir dai gite?9" ""..I 'noI'htice?d 'your: attentionis ?to" thin Lad Gladys 1to- utghtthe ,"ShIe is pr-etty and I irai' rtestud. It nmiglit never h?a?e gone any frtlier -atleastn it shall not. Isvill'"did yourd?daughter, sad, if sie wiltl have me, Ii will mike her my w'ife And, teele,: I doit-iwith a cheerfuil heart and without one miw.iing."' ea?;ei s blessn:youhs Gi3 !'I "do not deters a this from you.' CHAIfR. iTHIfEPISODE IN SAN FANCISCO. Somie time 'iter the night Gu?. was promising his umele to go in search of his co?sin -i party ofonng menie, in .a ripe stage of. giict~,sat;s in 'o'neo0f the pxi('i.at looms of a f?:h,:amous San' Fran cisc "rcstruisnt', -liscissifing the IBur gtndy.of 1?ii-ilhost, after having done jistice to h1is culsiie. . :,'I say, TI ilton' " fifid :6hine :"diily "two "- Mors than Iineed.?.:One d1ay would be enougli; was the 'ionchilant an "W'Bha~t bedt,?". thel. i?llcried-ithff:i bno. voitc?.V '!is ii.i't¢.yoniheard9??,"' .-i, "Well, if ;.o al shount at me like thait? ther?.e"sill o no esicse for not liearifig.' Wliit is the bet--T l ilton ?" Sthoiiusand -dollars, ese, thitt I woe't Idsrive '2fsidal Carringford to"the Cliff HI-o? lieforie-th elind of the ":"She haind ryefs t' see au.,bodv ori to accept any gifts, .plained the one -she8 l-dhtspoken; "but Wilton de claried it ss?is onl3 le'ianse she had not beenb iPri-?icihed the right.way. He said lie-did not beliese in any kind of sirtuie in in: actress. and, least of all in such an iinpeiignable sort as she' as stimed so he bt a liousandiihe would driieshlrieto thle Cliff House I tool hiim up." "I will double the bet" said Wilton, quietly . ." (To be Continued)? ' " 