SQUUEB'S5H0ST STB87. In the year 1799 there was a son at Dover- as there was < constant expectation of an attack fnm France. There were six battalions at Dover, four of which were quartered in the CmUs. On Jannaiy 14th there happened an event which made a great impression on the garrison, and which was never explained. Among the men whose duty'was sentry-go on that night was Giles Markham. . a native of Tewkesbusv, who was what is called "a character." A bold, boisterous, rollicking fellow, he always loudly expressed a. disbelief in things which were not vouched for by his own senses. On the night of January 14th, -1799, GSles Markham went on to take his turn ofaentzy duty at eleven o'clock, and he was to be at his post until one in the morning. Ti« air was cold and bracing. Within the guardhouse a 'large fire biased ' merrily, and the men were meny too. Markhani, who was always the leading spirit among his comrades, was fuU of fun, and had entertained hia' comrades 'with many a~ story and jest. At length his turn for dirty came/and he reluctantly turned, out. Ihuness fell upon the guardhouse when he Isft, ?nd most of the men dropped into a dose. The fire was beginning to burn when Suddenly the voice of the sentry "fct< tin guardhouse-door was heard calling'ont, and some one rushed into the roam. Every one was awake Jn a minute, and the intruder was seen to be Giles Markham. His cheeks were white, his limbs trembled,- his firelock, which he had brought with him, fell with a~ crash to the-' growl ' The whole of the guard were by this time alarmed, Aid all crowded round the man and asked in one voice - , "What's the matter, Markham! What has haqpened V ' I have seen my mother,' gasped the unhappy man. ' Seen the devil!' said the sergeant. ' And suppose yon have,- why did you qnit your post V ' Was I to go into the sentry-box while my mother was here V demanded Markham, shaking from head to foot as if in an ague fit. • I fell you, I couldn't do it—no, not if it were to save my life.' ' It won't do, Markham,' said the sergeant. 1 Recollect that there are such things as the Articles of War. It won't do to crack your joke3 at the expense of them.' But Markham's manner so impressed the men that some of them almost unconsciously noted the time by the guardroom clock. It was five-and>twenty minutes to one, and a memorandum was made of the time. * I am sorry for you, Markham,' said the sergeant, 'but this must be reported to the officer, and you must take the consequences.' " I don't care what the consequences may be, or to whom you report me,' he replied. When the officer arrived he, of course, demanded an'explanation. Markham, who had by this time recovered his self-composure, then gave the following account of his adventure -— 'You know where my past was,' he said, ' on the platform of Number Five battery, which overlooks the sea. The sentry whom I relieved reported "All well.' Over the surface of the Channel, a* far as my eyes could reach, not a thing was moving. The noises from the town grew every moment less and less, and at last they died away, so that when the clocks struck twelve there was not a sound except the roar of the sea. I have often done dutj' on that post before, but- never have I felt the silence as I did to-night. I was thoroughly depressed by the stillness and loneliness around me. And then I fell a-thinking. I thought of my past life, and I knew, that it bad not been au it ought to have been. I thought of. my mother, and I remembered how Bhe used to weep over my father's loose life—band it was a very loose life—and how she -used to pray that' I might turn out-a better man than'- he was. Poor-mother ! I stood beside t he gun, and wept like a baby as I thought of her, and of what she would think of me now. After a time the feeling wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to silly sentimentalism. I faced about and walked to the end of my beat, and then, feeling tired, made for the sentry-box. Sir, you may not believe me, but as there is a heaven above us. there at the box stood my mother. She was. pale, and looked at me with an expression of SOITOW that cut me to the heart. I was glued to the spot. I could not move. I heard her voice- She said, ' This day twelve months we shall meet again.' : The words smote me, and I, who was never frightened 1>efore, quaked with fear—fear of what I know not. I tried to speak, but couldn't. At length I found feeling return to my legs, and I bolted. Believe me as you like, every word I have said, sir, is true." 'You have told a strange story, Markham,'said the officer, 'to account for your commission of a serious military offence. "But I will do this much for you. A prisoner you must be, and a report must be sent in tomorrow to the colonel; but he shall be told your tale, and as you have been a mod soldier I will beg his leniency for you. ion are a native of Tewketbury, "you say. Doss your mother live there V 'I have every reason to suppose so,' answered Markham. 'It is years since I have seen her or written to her.' ' Very well,' said the officer, * your mother shall be written to; and your fate will depend on the answer.' Markham was kept a prisoner that right, and was reported next morning. Two letters were despatched by the colonel, one to Markham's mother, and another to the clergyman of the parish in. which she was supposed to reside. In due course there came back answers to both letters. One was in the handwriting of Markham's" father, alid the other from the parson. The latter stated that he had received an intimation the ven* morning When "the colonel's letter reached him that the woman concerning whom the inquiries had been made was to be buried next day. Markham, senior, in his letter stated that his wife had died at half-past , twelve on the night _of January 14th. The news made eo^mbch artnression.. on the -colonel that Markham was released. Time rolled on until a year had gone, and Markham's regiment was at Ashford. When January 14th came round again Markham seemed as healthy as ever. He had gone through a hard fatigue duty in the day, and when bedtime came lie. gladly tumbled in, saying a cheery " Good-night" to "his comrades. That was at ten o'clock > Some two hours and a half afterwards" one of the'- men of Markham's company, wlj.o. had had leave to be late, came in, and was a bit noisy. Some of the men wok® up, and Markham's voice was heard saying, 'I am coming, mother.' It was 12.30 on the 14th January. Markham was found dead in his bed the next morning, with a peaceful, happy look in his face. 