LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Speaker read prayers, and took the chair at 3.30 p.m. " . VIOE-REGAL ASSENT. Messages were recoircd from his Excel lency tho Governor notifying the vice-regal assent to tho following bills : Pastoral Leases Aot Amendment Bill, Albert Rivor, hiount Gurnet, and Lilyanlo Tramway Bills. PERSONAL EXPLANATION. Mr. Browne said ho was reported to have said in a recent debate that tho Under Secre tary for Mines had furnished a falsified report to tho Premier. That was not correot. It should liuvo road biassed return. Ho did not wish any words of his to be misconstrued so thut a stigma would l'ost on tho Under Secre tary. He had a very high opinion of that officer, and he had takon the earliest oppor tunity of removing any falso impression in the matter. Tho Frkxier said he was glad to hear Mr. Browne's explanation, and any. blame there might be in connection with tho return would rest upon him' (Mr. Philp). THE GUILLOTINE. Mr. Plunkett askod the Premier, without notioo, if it was his intention early next session to rescind standing order No. 136a — the guillotino ? Mr. Fjxilp mado no reply. ASSISTANT INSPECTOR OF MINES. Mr. Fisher asked the Scorotary for Mines, 1\. Does Mr. Huutor, tho recently appointed assistant inspector of minos for the southern distriot, hold a certificate of eompotenoy us required by the Minos Aot,- 18DS F 2. What experienco has Mr. Huntor had in connection with mining? Mr. Philp replied : 1. No. provision in the Act for uppointment of assistant inspootor, theroforo no necessity to hold certificate required by inspootor. 2. Up to the time of his urrival in Queensland Mr. Hunter was trained iu mining and civil engineering under his father, who wus.vico- nrosidont and member of tho council of tho North Staffordshire In stitute of Mining Engineers, and Mr. J. R, Haines, F.G.8., A.M.I.O.E., of Alderly Green Colliery, Staffordshire. Since arriving in the colony Mr. Huntor has beon ongagod in mining pursuits in the Ipswioh distriot, and Messrs. W. Stafford and John Wright, coal mine proprietors of . that ' district, have testified to his fitness for the position. SUPPLEMENTARY ESTIMATES. The House then went into Committee of Supply to consider supplementary estimates. Item, "Executive Counoil, &o.;," £436 12s., was passed. On the item,-. "Ohiof Secretary, Land Forces, Royal Commissions, &o.;," £155.326 11b. lid . In reply to Mr. Browno, Mr. Philp said the expenses of tho South African contingents, to the ond of the year wore £143,804, but they hod received £46,00Q baok from tho Imperial Government. Mr. Jenkinson objeoted to tho largo amouut spent on Royal Commissions (£S, 782 17s. 2d.), uud as a protest moved that the item be reduced by £100. Mr. Stewart said tho growing practice of appointing Royal Commissions was deplor able. . Apparently the Govornmont ap pointed them to stop the mouths of discon tented supporters, aha he advised them to try Royal Commissions on tho labour parly next session instead of guillotining them. ' Mr. Maxwell said lie intended to vote for the reduutian of the item as it was useless, in his opinion, to appoint Royal Commissions if tho Government ignored their . recommenda tions. - . Mr. Fooabty intimated that he would vote for die reduction because Royal Commissions entailed a waste of public monoy, ' and they should be stopped. The reduction was negatived on tho fol lowing division : — . Aria, 18. — Messrs, Jenkinson, Browne, .Fogarty, Hardaore, Maxwell, Stewart, Lesinu, Dawson, Ryland, Korr, Bowman, Smith, Roid. Dunsford, M'Donald, Turloy, Fisher, W. Hamilton. Noes, 25. — Messrs. Philp, Dickson, ,Dalrymple, O'Conuell, Ohataway, Ratlcdge, Foxton, Murray, Lord. J. 0. ' Cribb, Tooth, Stodnrt, Forsyth, Kent, Story, Bridges, Annear, Forrest, Plunkett, Leahy, Mackin tosh, Macartney, Cowley. Callan, 6. Thorn. During the division Mr. Jenkinson called the' attention of the Chairman' to tho faot that members of Royal Commissions were voting on the question. He thought their politioal decency should prevent them doing diis. They should follow the lead of Mr. Jackson, who had walked outside tho bar before the voto was taken. Mr. Leahy : You have got a monopoly "g deoonoy, have you not? Mr. M'Donald : That's your misfortuue. (Laughter.) Mr. Jenkinson moved' tbnt the votes of Messrs. G. Thorn, . Plunkett, Annear, Bridges, and Cowley be disallowed on the ground that they were pecuniarily interested in the vote just taken. Mr. Cowley, in justification of hie' vote, said tho question was simply a supple mentary vote, and the amount had been absorbed by the commissions. The amounts had been paid to each member of the various commissions. It was not a question of pro posing to pay them. Mr. Annear severely oritioised Mr. Jenlcin- son's aotion in challenging the votes. He would record his voto whenever it pleased him — (hear, hear) — and he would toko no notice of Mr. Jenkinson's baby talk. Mr. Stoby defended the nation of ths five members in voting for the item. Mr. Plunkett said the motion was the result of envy, and ho would not take his course of action from Mr. Jenkinson. It hud been said that Royal Commissions wero appointed for the purpose of placating Government supporters, but such a conten tion could not be maintained in his case. Mr. Fished opposed the argument used by Mr. Cowley. If that argument wore carried ont by tho Government in all cases' a fine state of things would happen. Mr. Keooh said ho did not think that Mr. Jenkinson had aoted well in bringing up the motion. As u member ot a Royal Com mission, he (Mr. Keogli) could -say that what ever money lie had received he had spent honourably and straightforwardly. Mr. Philp said that if it was competent for members to vote thomselves on increase in salary, it was competent for them to voto on a question of this kind. Mr. Sxith thought the five members mentionoa should have refrained from voting. Mr. G. Thorn said hs had earned his fees, and he saw no reason why his vote should bo disallowed. Mr. M'Donald asltod whethor Mr. Jenkin-' sou was in order in ohollonging the rote at_ that stage. Recently the Chairman said the proper time to challenge votes was at the report stage. He (Mr. M'Donald) tried to get n definite ruling on the matter, bat circumstances led up to his being suspended for a week. . Now Mr. Jenkinson was doing exactly the same ' thing for which he (Mr. M'Donald) was suspended. All he wished was that, tho House should have a definite procedure. . The Chairman ruled that under present oireumstunces this was the proper time to make the challenge. Mr. M'Donald then moved that the ruling he disagreed with. He pointed out that if the rating was right now the ruling on the night when ho (Mr. M'Donald) was suspended was wrong, and vice versa. Personally he thought the present rilling was right, Mr. M'Donald was frequently called to order by the Chairman. Continuing, he skid than the Chairman had taken powers to himself to which he had no right. Tho Chairman's rating was upheld on tho following division :— Ayes. 35. — Messrs. Philp, Diokson, Rut- ledgo, Dalrymple, Murray, O'ConneU, Fox- ton;, Ohataway, Kon£," Campbell, . Leahy, Stewart. Ryland, Bridges, Maxwell, J. - O. Cribb, Story, T. B. Cribb, Lord, Annear, Plunkett, J. Hamilton, Tooth, Jenkinson, Mackintosh, Bell, Forsyth, Callan, Smith, Macartney, G. Thorn, Lesina, Glassey, .Stodart, Turley. Noes, 6. — Messrs.- Korr, Bowman, M'Donald, Dawson, Hardaoro, Fogarty. Mr. Hardaore complained of the waste of time taken up in discussing a wrong proce dure. He asked the Chairman's ruling as to whether it was right to have a general dis- oussion on a motion challenging votes. The Chairman explained that the discus sion was mainly on the point of order. The motion, that tho votes be disallowed, was negatived on tho following division : — Ayes, 17. — Messrs. Browne, Ryland, McDonald, Dawann, Hardaore, "W. Hamilton, Dibley, Turley, Smith, Raid, Stewart, Max well, Lesina, Kerr, Bowman, Jenkinson, Plunkott. Noes, 28.— Messrs. Philp, O'Connell, .Dal rymple, Rntledge, Foxton, Ohataway, Dick son, Murray, Campbell, Kent, Tooth, J. Hamilton, J. C._ Cribb, Stodart, Bridges, T. B. Cribb, Story; Annear, Plunkett, Mackin tosh, Stephenson, Glussov, Forsyth, Lord, Bell, Mnoartnoy, Callan, 6. Thorn. Tho item was then passed. On item, " Home Secretary's Department, £35,119 18s. 5d. " — Mr. Browne, referring to tho mutter of tho Cambooya election, said the Premier had informed him that ho had no ohjcotlon to a short disoussion on that matter when this vote was brought up. The Chairman said that, according to " May," tho praotieo was thut discussion on supplementary estimates should be confined entirely to the aims and application of tho vote. Ho understood, however, that this matter was to be disoussod by arrangement. Mr. Cowley protested ugainst the Cam booya oose being brought up on tbis vote. Mr. Rutledoe said . be would bo glad to hear the discussion go on, but he .thought it would be highly injudicious if members touched particular matters in connection with the Cambooya case wliioh wus now sub judioe. Mr. Lord protested against the caso being discussed at that hour. Tho Chairman said that as several mem bers .protested against the matter being opened, ho would have to, etrengthon his hands with "May," and rule tho matter out of order. Mr. Hardaore maintained that he had a perfect right to discuss this question, and ho moved that the Chairmun'e ruling be dis agreed with. He felt thut there was a desire to burke tho question. ' Mr. Kidston supported tbis. The Chairman : I-do not think it fair to introduce a discussion on the speoifio item I : have givou a rnling on. (Hear, hear.) Mi. Krostox claimed that tho vote on the motion to voto the sulary of a clerk in the department concerned justified debate. The motion thut tho Chairmon's ruling be disagreed with was negatived on the voices. Further disouBsion ensued. Mr. Kidston held that the aotion of a police officer was suoli us to indicate that hs was instructed not to .find out the truth in the Cambooya cases. The Chairman : Order. Tho matter has been settled by a voto of tho committee, and could not bo brought up again. Mr. Kidston asked for a deoision, Were members precluded from . discussing nolloe votes? The Ghahucan declined to be put from his previous rulings— tho Cambooya elcotion could not be discussed. -Daring a desultory debate, which followod, Mr. W. Hamilton askod why new mem bers elected to tho last Parliament had noL been supplied with copies of the statutes. (Laughter.) , Mr. Foxton did not know of oases where the volumes had been refused to members. (Renewed laughter.) ' Mr. Maxwell and Mr. Hardaore assorted that such cases had oocurred. Mr. Hardaore also pat a question concern ing the Cambooya case. Mr. Philp repeated a provions reply that tho matter being, subjailicc he conia not vouchsafe u reply. (Heur, hear.) Mr. Hardaore wished to know if matters not eoncorned iu the subjttdica quoatiou would be dealt with by the Government. Mr. Philp: I will give no other answer than that already given on/this matter, Mr. W, Hamilton: X would like to know. about the copies of the statutes. Why ore we debarred from having them ? ' / 'Mr:- Gitsns followed, and some' further debate ocourred.' Mr. J. Hamilton said that members had received statutes and had sold them. Op position members during the session had been repeatedly making charges against members on that side of tho Huuse for acaopting bribes from syndicates. If thero was any proof in tho charges the Opposition members would name a member of tho Government who had reoeived bribes. If thoy made suoh a ohurgo an inquiry woaid bo hold. But tho Opposi tion members were afraid to name any member. .(it- Mr. DawsIv! maintained tbat a charge had beon made against a member selling the statutes. < Mr. Glassey hoped tho Home Secretary would take somo measures to provide for old couples living together instead of boing sent to Dnnwiah under tho provisions whioh at present exist. Discussion took place on tho treatment of childron of various religions in tho industrial eohools under religions bodios. Mr. Foxton, in reply to a mamber, said that boys and girls were graded to thoso institutions aecording to their religion. In answer to a question by a labour member as to tho value of land purchased for aboriginal home. South Brisbaue, valued at £2o0, Mr. Foxton said that the land was valued at a higher sum than that paid by the Government, but in conse quence of it being below tho level of 1893 flood the Government' got the land for about a quarter of that valuation. The vote was agreed to. > Items, "Buildings, Public Works Depart ment," £43,959 17s. 8d, ; " Department of Justice," £3,479 16s. 5d. ; "The Treasurer," £10,728 14s. 4d„ were agreed to. On tho item, "Department of Public Lands," £38,505 10s. 9d.— Mr. W. HAKiLTONdrewattentiontouppoint- ments being made in the drafting depart ment which were contrary to the Public Service Aot. - He contended appointments were made whioh deprived officers of their seniority who had been in tho department for 14 or 15 years. Ho hoped that an. inquiry would he made, and any officer deprived of his Boniority by these illegal appointments would he rein stated to his proper position. Mr. O'Connell said he would be vory glad if officers of the department would mako complaints to him. Up to the present no complaints had been mado of unfair treat ment. He promised to mako inquiries' into the matterJ The vote was agreed to. Items, " Department of "Agrioulturc," £22,1318 5s. 2d; " Department of Public In struction," £2,181 44s. 3d., " Department of Mines," £3,154 os. 10d.; "Department of Railways," £59,053 16s. 10d.; "Postmaster- General's Department," £2,042 0s. 3d.; " Auditor-General's Department," £211 7s. 9d., were agreed to. - Item, " Supplementary loan estimates, 1899-1000," £85,840 10s. 10d., was agreed to. Item, "Supplementary trust fund esti mates.' 1890-1900," £44,830 4s. 6d., was agreed to. e SUPPLEMENTARY LOAN ESTIMATES. On the, item, "Supplementary loan esti mates, 1000-1901," £18-5,000 — In answer to a question by Mr. Cowley, Mr. Philp said that he intended to try and borrow a million aud a-half of money iu Australia next year to build the railway lines oontained in tho vote. He believed the Government oould . borrow a moderate sum at 3 per cent debentures. Mr. Cowley asked if it was the intention of the Government to build tho whole of tho thirteen railways inoluded in the vote? He referred to an item, £15,000, Dalby to Bnnya Mountain line, and took oxoeption to tho amount being inoinded in the vote withont members heing apprised of the faot. Was it bindiug on tho House to agree to a vote passed by another Parliament ? Messrs. -Leahy and Browne supoorted Mr. Cowloy's contention, and wero of opinion that a prinoiple was involved. They did not think that a vote passed by a provions Parlia ment was binding on that House. ' Mr. Stewart asked bow many of the rail ways mentioned in the report the Government were prepared to build. _ Mr. Bell spoko in support of tho uonstruo- tion of tho Dolby to Bunya Mountain railway. Mr. Philp said the Government intended to go on with nil the railways contained in the Tote with the exception of Dartmouth to Stonehenge line, whioh was not passed by tho Legislative Counoil. It would cost tho country a million and a-half to construct the lines contemplated, hut he considered thuy oould spend half a milliou pur year on these railways. If the Government did this it would tuke threo years to construot the lines. As he said before, lie intendod to try and bor row a million and a-half next year in Aus tralia. Tho lines intended to be built wero Kilkivan to Coolabunia, Nerang to Coolaii- gatta, Warwick towards Goondiwindi, Drayton ueviatiou, Esk towards Colinton, Dalby to Biuiya Mountain (southern division), Gladstono to .Rookhampton, Clormont to Blair Athol, Rockbampton branch to oxplosives wharf (oontral- division), Mirani to Cattle Creek. Hughenden to Richmond, Marcoba to Atherton. Thero was a vote to local bodies for the Ravenswood to Barton tramway. After disoussion, Mr. Callan. moved, as an amendment, — "That tile vote be reduced by £10.000, by striking out the proposed railway Warwick to Goondiwindi." Mr. Kidston askod if it was not possible to reintroduce tho bill to build u railway from Dartmouth to Stonehenge. Mr. Philp said it was not possible ta rein troduce u bill in the same session. Mr. Kidston said if thut wag tho case he would vote for tho amendment. At 11.65 p.m. Mr. Stephenson reliovod Mr. Grimes in the chair. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22. . Tho House continued to sit after midnight. Mr. Fobbegt said he had seen tlio Minister for Railways hunding up ccrtuiu papers — (Mr. Callan: "It is ,untrao.")— to Mr. Callan, and it waa very plain from whioh Gourco tho amendment bad sprang. Mr. Murray (exoitedly) : It is utterly nntruo. Mr. Forrest : It is not. I saw the whole thing. The AoriNO-CHAinsiAN: Order. At 12.30 a.m. Mr. Griines resumed the chair. Mr. Philp said that the line had been passed by both Houses; and he did not see how they oould rboonoilo that aotion with refusing to pass the money for its construution. Mr. Dioxson denied having used uuy in fluence against the line. He deprecated the policy of retaliation that hod been brought into the discussion. If -' the -line was not built it would be a tremendous loss to Queensland. Tha House divided on the amendment, whioh was resolved in the negative. Ayes, 19. — Messrs. Browne, Ryland, Cowley, Kerr, Fisher, Maxwell, Kidston, W. Hamilton, Reid, Bowman, Callan, Dawson, M'Donald, Turloy, Stewart, Maokintosh, Hardaore, Jaokson, and Lesina. ' Noes, 271— Messrs. Philp, Diokson, Rut- ledge, Foxton, Ohataway, O'Connell, Dal rymple, Stodart, J. O. Cribb, Morgan, Dibley, J. Hamilton, Higge,x Plunkett, Forrest, Lealiy, Boll, M'Donhell, Story, Bridges, Stephenson, Lord, Forsyth, T. B. Cribb, Glassey, Campbell, and Kent. Mr. Kidston asked why the vote for the Croydon to. Georgetown railway was not in oluded in the list of items. Mr. Philp reminded tbqt member that tho line had been rejected by the Upper House. Mr. Kidston asked how the amount (£15,090) for the Bunya to Dalby Mountain line came to be on' the paper when thoy had hot been asked to approve of the plans of the proposed lino, Mr. PniLP said thoy had no need to havo the plans upproved of this session ; they had been passed years ago. Tho only way to inoreaso settlement on tho land was the build ing of snch small agricultural lines as this. Mr. Browne thought they might have had some fresh copies of the commissioner's report supplied to thom ; it was 1 1 years old. Mr. Turley said tha proposal had been a" bit of a job wbeu it was first got up. Mr. MathieBon, the then commissioner, hud been at' the book and call of Sir Thomas M'Uwraith. They should have a report from the present commissioner. What about the land that had been sold sinoe ? Ho demanded further information. Mr. Turley spoke for 20 minutes'. He was listened to by a fairly large number of members, considering the latoness of tho hour, Mr. , Bell set himself industriously to khook down the Aunt Bailies which he con-, eidered the . last speaker had set up, He knew there was a good coal seam somewhere in the district, and pictured the enormous traffic whioh must follow. Mr. Glassey beamed with tha hopo that tho line would' bo shelved until noxt aossion. With the latest and fullest information tho railway would then go through in a twink ling. \- Mr. Fisher condemned the lino, and took 35 minutes in an attempt to proro that Dalby wus not.suah a. fine plaoe as some people thought it was, wliioh led to Mr. Bell again tuking up the oudgols on behalf of his own partiaular district. At 2.5 a.m. Mr. Leahy relieved Mr. Grimes in the dhair. , Mr. Kidston expressed all tho surprise of wliioh he was oupablo at the Premier asking the committee to agree .to' a vote for the rail way whioh they had hoard nothing about until that afternoon. Mr. PniLF promised that he would get Mr. Gray to report on tho line, and if h6 did not report favourably, after making all inquiries, ho would not go on with it. Ho was also willing to ask Mr. Phillips to report on tho line. Mr. Fisher : That is very unfair to Mr. Gray. Mr. Kidston ; And to Parliament. ' Mr. PniLP said they all credited Mr. Gray with being an honourable man. _ Mr. Fisher said this would put Mr. Gray in a very difficult position. Thoy all knew of tho little conflict between' tho Railway Com missioner and the member for Dalbyj and if the former reported adversely, he would be obarged with a motive .of personal anta gonism. Mr. Bell: Who would mako- the ohorge? Mr. Fisher . I am not going to say. Mr. Kidston said he favoured the line, but he objeoted to the munnor in whioh the Gov ernment had brought it dowu. Mr. Turley spoko again, and during tho first 10 minutos of his remarks Mr. Bell re peatedly offered suggestions that the former should "give up the ghost " and let the oom- luitteo divide. Mr. Turloy wus deaf to all appeals until the member for Dolby accused him of being "tho biggest windbag in the House." Mr. Turley resented this, and Mr. Boll was advised that he ought not to say such nasty things. Mr. Boll apologised, and the member for Brishuuo South continued hard at it, making an efficient stonewall speeoh. Members tried hard to recognise that it was the last night of the session, and that they might ns well -keep awake for once, but the effort was too muoh for tho majority. Mr. Turloy was persistent. He suggested thut if u shuffle of the oards took pluce and Mr. Pliilp no longer held tho reins of govern ment, what would his promise he worth ? Mr. Philp was not prepared to say. Ho only knew what ho would do. Mr. Turley finishod speaking at five minutes pust 3, having spoken for 50 minutes. At this time tha Premier interrupted by stating that he did not feol justified iu keep ing the House up later. He would let the bill stand over until next session, and got the commissioner's report upon tho railway. (Opposition members : " Hear, hear.") He moved that the rote be reduced by £15,009- in order thut tho railway from Dalby to Bunya Mountain be omitted from tho list of supplementary estimates. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Bull objected strongly to the rights of the Dalby peoplo being kept from thom by the talk of the junior member for Brisbane South. Notwithstanding the signs of pleasure with which the Opposition receivod the Premier's proposal. Mr. Fisher began to occupy nioro time by blaming the Government for having brought forward the proposal to givo some members on that sido the opportunity to slate thoir opponents, but finally resumed his scat after urgent requests tendered by Mr. Turley and others. Tho motion was carried. Mr. Philp moved that the vote be further reduced by £19,000, allowed for the railway from Dartmouth to Stonebengo. In reply to a question by Mr. Kidston, Mr. Philp stated thilt this and tho Dalby line would he brought in early next session if he was still at the head of the Government. Tho motion was carried, and the voto then passed. Progress was reported. The House in committee considered the vote for loon pronosals for 1990-1901, total amount £2,690,000. Tho Premier stated that he intended to float a loan of .£1,090,000 in Australia this year, it not being desirahlo or nocessury to get the whole umount at once. Ho thought they could afford to float the loun at 54 per cent. They had£l, 130, 000 intheloanfuna in London, £500,000 in tho Queensland National Bank, and £424,000 at fixed deposit, and an amount of gold on account of Treasury notes. He intended to nee some of the monoy iu the Government Savings Bank ; it was the people's, and they should benefit by it. The bank had now a credit bulanue of £50,000. Mr. Kidston wits glad to hoar that a loan was to be flouted in Australia. It would be better for Queensland to pay 3 j- per cont for money hero than 3 per oent in London. Ho hoped the Savings Bunk Act would be amended so that tho Govornmont could use the money frequently. Mr. Fisher asked if the small mon would bo allowed to make investments. Mr. Pnn,p soid the rule was to allow people with small means as much monoy as they asked for under a certain limit. The minimum would probably be £10. The vote wns'tmssod. A bill founded on tho stated proposals was was introduced nnd passed through its several stages and ordered to be forwarded to tho Legislative Counoil. APPROPRIATION BILL. An Appropriation Bill (No. 4), covering tho total estimates for the year 1000-1901, was introduced and passed through thencaes- sary stages up to the third reading, whioh was mado an ordor for a later hour of tho sitting. MESSAGES FROM COUNCIL. Messages were received from tho Council notifying upproval of the plans, &e.;, of tho proposed railway extensions from Esk to Colinton, and Central Railway to explosives wharf, Rookhampton, ulso assont to tho Harbour Boards Act Amendment Bill, Municipal Louu BiU, Customs and Excise Duties Bill, agreeing with Assembly's amendment in the Presbytoriuu Church of Australia Bill, and returning Grammar Sohools Aot Amendment Bill with amend ments. The Council's amendments in the latter bill were iigreed to ; ulso Counoil's amendments in the Defence Aots Amend ment Bill. FACTORIES AND SHOPS BILL. The Counoil's amendments in the Faotories and Shops BiU wore considered in committee. Mr. Foxton said he proposed to accept all the Bmondmonts. The most important whh that relating to wholesale houses bsiug exemptod from the definition of shops. Mr. Cowley objeoted to the amendment. He thought wealthy firms should be placed on- the same footing with small shopkeopers. Mr. Campbell wondered bow a definition was to be drawn' between wholesale and retail placeB. Mr. M'Donnrll said ho would liko to have wholesale houses inoluded, but he would rather accept tho amoudment than have the bill lost for this session. Mr. Philp said tho wholesale mon in variably treatod their employees hotter than tho retail. The Oeuncil'a amendmont was agreed to, also all the other amendments passed. Progress was reported, and the bill ordered to ho returned to the Counoil. / APPROPRIATION BILL (No. 4). Tho Appropriation BiU (No. 4) was road a third time, passed, and ordered to be for warded 'to the Counoil by message in the nsual form. At 6.36 a.m. the House adjourned until 10.15 u.m. For the poet quarter of a century there has boon one continuous flow of letters bearing testimony to the truly wonderful cures offeotod by Clarke's World-famed Blood Mixture. " tho finost Blood Purifier that solenoo and medical skill have brought to light." Suf ferers from Sorofula, Scurvy, Eozoma, Bad Legs, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples and Sores of auy kind are solioitod to givo it a trial to test its value. Sold every where, at 2s. Od.per bottle. Boware of worthless imitations and substitutes. Tho laymen of the Presbyterian Ghuroh of Gtago and Southland, New Zealand, are raising funds to-'assist desirable young mon in preparing for tho ministry, but whose oirouuistauccs are too strained to cnablo them to pay their own expenses during the six years' course of training whioh is required. 