The Broken Trust 011 A Woman's Silencoe BY BERTHIA M. CLAY, Authooremsof "A Wlfo'a Peril," "I 1aid Without a Weddlag RIng," &o.; CHAPTER XI. TuE t'rRANxE 5iSEl5IBLANCE, S"It seemeed a vision from the dead- I looked, and looked again, yet Could not tell.' -It was the height of the London sea son, and Aladamo Sjilver, the renown ed Italian prima donna, was about making her debutl on the stage ot the lloya Italiau Opena lioube. Boxes wore all engaged for days be forehand. Critics sharpened their wits and pencils ; conieoisseuirs wandered about, unable to spcak or think of any thing but the " nightingale of the Souths." Even fashionable men ciian women who cultivated inanity as a vii tue looked eager and interested; for Madame Silvera was not only thle grea-· test singer and the greatest actress ol her day, but she was considered one 01 the most beautiful of women, Where ever sho went people thronged to sec her-chsarnied alike in sight and soiund. More than that, she caie of a right noble family herself; thrco baa beeni princes and statesmen of hei name; it wsas oirolled in the an nals of history and fanie. The season was a brilliant one; the ino bility of England crowded round thei, queen; balls, parties, and soiirecs iillet the long spring cvenings. There wa . a brilliant session in iiParliament, ilica sures were being passed that gratitict the whole nation. Trade was good, The evening of Madamue Silvera's de but arrived. The Oliera. House woa crowded ; and one might be pardonet for believing it to be a gliipise of faiiry land, One of the ladies most admired that evening was Lady Blanch Duamrs, who, with the earl, lier father, anid Sir Alaii Aynsley, occupied a box on the lower tjer. Many opera gIlsses weme levelled at her. Never had she looked more beautiful. She wore a (dess of iceh puiple vel vet, made not after the fashion of the day, but after the mode of a quaiisi Venetian picture. It was so cut as to show her ivory shouldems and nieck tin, the greatest advanitage. She wo-re no other ornaments save a dimani3d tiarn in her dark hair, a. diamond niecklet and a diamond bracelet shining on lier sex quisite arm. A soft white opera cloak was fastened carelessly a roend heir- tlie white gloves, the lace handkorchief, the gor. geous bouquet-, the fan siiade of mcostly feathers, every trifling detail was pser fection. No one could quite deliiie tin peculiar charm of her face; the feature were perfectly formetd, the eyes dark. soft and luissnous; the brows miiglh have been peuciled fromi their delicate, regular arch, the long, dnrlik lashes, si rarely raised, veiled the tenderness am passion one felt inst-imctively lingered ii the clear mlepths of her eyes. erhaps lier mouth was tihe niost no ticeable featuro in Blannho Damui face-the upper lip short and asc-hed, mouth that rssembled a pomegraiiat bud, capable of expressiiig both sweet ness and scorn, passion anid contemnpt to be caressed by such lips might- havt made a king proud-to he contcmniet by them would wither the soul of ; strong man. Yet the chasm lay in nont of these t~hings---it was iathe-r in ithe wrapt spirituial cxtsressioni. Lad' Blannlie never practised aniy co,1ieuttrii to win the adiniration of inii. Shtu knew the charin of her face, and lion estly loathed the beauty for which slit had been bought inud sold. Perhaps that iniiffierence to hier owl attraction, lier haughty reception of al admiration, the dreamy ox psession lookk Ing always as though her heart were far awayL-.was the chiiirm that workes most starongly., Loird Danmnr iwas proit of the admnration his daughter. excited For her sake lie had sesolved it r~truggle through 011o memo seasoii ii town. Sir Alan's loan enabled him ft pay off his most pressing creditors unt to make a good appearanice on the stagi of fashiois. Lady Blanche atteinded the Royal Drawing-room; but this was hiei first Apppprance during tjiat season on ailii other scoup. Sir Alain had been pre sne on his accession and had beci received with oen arns by the seisa tion lovinig pub ic. " The Australian buaonet; the niaii - you know, fi-omn the backwoods," liespe' elegant ladies, ilhisost hoping, fo: povelty's sake, he might be slightly say agp. The engagemient between liim ait' Lady Binnehe was not as yet· mad, " Ypsu must spare me fos a short tiiie. papa," she said pr¼oudly, wheii the enr' suggested speaking of it. "Is it wos-tI while to let evei-yborly Inuota we ar-e st papEr to dazzle this Austiralian that ut eanhained him atonc lest lie should go fraeP Give me some moiithis longer there is no feari----hi will not foiget or prove falso to me." And though Lord Damnar secretly chafed under her words, he saw the trythi of them. It would seem as if thlie fiad been in too grehat a. hIuirryv-bctte, perhaps tq wait. He had said as much tu Jir Alas, -S-ha cared little enouglt .ab~out the isiatter, pi-pvided Blanciieit were his. Everyone saw his adniliration for thu beautiful Blanche, he was. her shadon-. 'Rnt eveiing he had sent her tht piost, ppfBly bouquot mionee could pun ise, an.d J'cause the flowers caiist from him she Inid tlieam inegligesidl down before her and Inathed the ius ciousp erfume. Lord Danamr had invited Sir Alaii to rccompany limself and Blainclie to fith opera; but mo one seeing the bairnet fehind t~hl Ipldy's chair would have iiii agined him to be a favours-ite suitom-. rue, lie looked hnger sud oftemmer at the lady than at the stinge; but it wa& j-arehy that her haughty glance fell jiptoit Emite, Once lie enatured to 'aisO lter Jiouqueji and mnade some i-minai-k about the'flowei-er, Fter oeylids drooped with (tfait scornful exj)rgssioii womemi use a a weapoin, and he seemed to shrink into hiDmself-vet lie knew th he hohad bought her, sind what the p&ieo; was; hle knew she would never love him,yet fuiI4b one day. be his. The first act of .* Trov4iro " was over, ea.viing thu I pudience eryn~ptured. Tliere was deadt hilence some sUietlnts after the fallimig of the curain; peojpe had been cmi *stranced, and could nokt pd psco recover fronm the spell ; then caine a rxuulg of #plsiae that shook the house, and the qilueen of sofigwsis recalled to reoeivk tps rapturous . applause lavished ,pon hemr. 'Ih she suithdlm-eo, mid tlih wast audieneo broiisd itself to talk anid criticjae. jherae were masmy bealitifull fitces there that night, buttb peihaips 110110 pipre strikiiig than that of a youmig hadyl wery plainly dressed, who sat in the pitt. O-hie was not alone-an eldeily lady was \- iVth hler'-ysj t. he girl seemed stlati from evomyvsae esi-Is: she liwtS dhtltired -by the music that had only just died away. Although she sues, fromn her (resa a 1n11 position, evidently "nobody," many admiring glances fell upon her face. It v4S9 piquanut and uncnnono; looking at it e-irelessly, one would not call it \- beautifulm ; pt after a. time it wion its wvay, anud' evc-ry otlfier face paled blefore The chief features sdtich pttractetl ano were the large dark eyes, with a .-orld of passioii and strength bumied in hem;, fair hair of a deep golden hue, S. @ hips scarurht as a young Japonica bud, but tromunlous and sensitive. It was ia face that gave one the impression of passion in rlposo; terrible, perhaps, in its wrath, grand in its despair, sutb limn in its intensity; pas5ioi that would overleap all barriers, bravo death, scorn life, yet. at, present sleeping. There are .such womien-dark, grand, magnificent, stormy natures, capablo of any extremne of good or bad. Le.t himi wiho deceives or injures such at one boware ! Esther Bruce-for it was she who lis toned to Madame Silveria, and forgot all tlie world besides-- was one of thelim. When the first act was over, and her conlpanion by no means so fond of music, stood 1up for a mlinute to look about her, Esther rose, too, revealing a tall, slender figure, well developed, full of strength an a certain subtle grace all her own. As her eyes waidered listlessly round the Opera House, they fell upon Lady Blanche and lingered thero, Emther was given to the weaving of 'romances, and she wove onle about tile beautiful lady, who looked Ias though her heart were flr aswlay. Who was she"? Oiio of England's noblcst, daughtor.-? Thero was thati in her faco that tol(l her she w.a the "dlaughter of a hiun dred erls." Whey did sie look listless and wearied, welicn so manl' glasses wero turned to her lovely face? Why didl she iplac hlcr sullierl) bouquet so far fromn her, as though slhe hated flowers -she who looked like a iqueenly flower hersolf: Esthor lost herself in her rolmanlce. whlie the door of the box opened andl Lord Damar returned to his place. She fancied shle held tlie clue then. Thini grey-lhaired old iman was doubtless the husband of thlo beautiful woman who had takein her fancy captive. Alh, well, in the greatI world such tlings must, le -beauty for gold, love for em i)ty ihon oulrs, happiiiess for pomip lad splen ldour, solid gold for shining tinisel. Per haps this very lady, with the sweet. Southern face, had given lp the inii who loved her to marry one who could give her jewels and monely. Then the door of the optera box open ed for a second time, anil aliother gentleman entered---a, tall, dark, hand somne i an, with a cold, inscrutlable face. Wlheni slie saw liiin a stralige, scared expression canollo over Esther Bruce's face, a vague dreadl (amiie into her eyes, as info the eyes of one0 who looks upon soimelhing hio holicves to lie super natural. Slowly tlie brilliant bloom faded from her face, and thle light left. her eyes. She placed her hands uponl thie back of tile ,sat, ais though to supplort hlerself. Suiddenly a smile quivered over r her pa lips, "Oh, my love, my love!" said the girl. "Aim still so weak tlhat a chalnce r semblance chills my lheairt and robs ime of aill strength P Ho is stralngly like -strangely like-but mlly lovo is dead, and I shlill nlievr eveii see his grave." OCHAPTER XII. UAS TLuH DliAD 11EdS, ? Madame Silvern sung her swvetest notes. She swayed men's hearts as the wind bonds boughs and leaves. She threw upon each one lpresent a spell that only genius can casti around lhert, .yei never once did Esther .ruce look upon the stage-never once did her eyes wan der from the dark face in Lord Damar'.t. box. Of course it- was all lionsenso; Pall! Lynno lay dead, sleeping in the fil Austrliani plains; but sho loved him so dearly, and there was something in this stranger's face so like him, that looking at him. was pleasure miingled with slharpest pain. All the brilliant prese?nt faded frolm hor-the opera house, the. brilliant lights, the beauti ful womlien- shle was a girl again in hler father's house, andi Paul Lynnii ov-el at her side. Silo would hasve liked, just for once, to ha-ve spokien to the stran ger, to have heard his voice, if it wa:s like that. of her dead love; theon she smiled sadly to herself. The grave doec not give ip its dead; those lwho fal asloep know no waking. She smiled more sadly still as she ]thought of the contrast betw?ecn this man and the man sho loved. This sti-ranger was ai gentleman, whereas Paul Lynne had lost his life in ha1rd, laborious toil; the stranger was dressed in style and fushion suitable to his ranlk. On one finger of his left hand shone a diamond ring of inietinm able value. He was here in attendance upon one of the most brilliant women in London. Paul Lynno never wore daimonds, neither was his place amnong the great and wealthy. How foolish was she to dreami, yet she drelamed on, never taking lior eye'. from tIhat dark faco, hocdless of every thin oing going on around her. " I should like to know his ilname," slhe thought; "it woulld be a. real pleasure f'or ime to know wiho it is tlhat reisembles Paul Ly'nno. I should like to see hiii agai~', too. The years fall fromn mo Its I look at tlia.t face." Thl curtain fell. Esther saw the beautiful lady rise, as though she were weary. She saw the gentlemian wlhoni slohe had iwatchecd so cagerly advance hastily and offer his arm, vwhich the lady proudly wasvcd from lior. Slihe caught tihe gleaml of tile jewels, the flash of t.he dark eyes, the sheeoon of the rich dress, as they passed slowly out of tlie box. "Who is thatP" asked Esthcr to ani old gentleman wiho sat, next- her, "the lady ;ust leaviig that box." ''That," said the old maln, iquite proud of her appeal, "is the Lady Blainche Daliar, dlughtor of Lord Damunar, thle old gentleman with -.her." " Than.ik ou," said Esther, solmewhliat ashainied of heior abrupt appecal. "Now can yolu tell me who the young gentle imail is-the nio just opening the box door for hoer?" "'I amn fortiiiuato," said the old malii witli a smilo, "for I know that- genltle man also. Ho is Sir Alan Aynsloy, of Carsdaeo, jlust com01 into possession of a largo fortune. He was in tlhe oflice of miy. eimployors this morning." "Thank you," said Esther again, and she repeated over and over to herself tlil name, Alan A nsloy, yet could not reilmmbeir how and whore tli had heard it bhefore. "I am afraid, Miss Bruce," said her cQimpanion, as their cab drove off, "you hiave not onjoyed youirself. You look moro as though you had heon looking it ghosts than seeing a splendid opera." " I have enjoyed myself in imy own wa.y," roplied Esther, "Lady Bohlumint is very kind," con tinued Mrs. Hopo. "It' is not overy great lady like lior wsho would Ceiro to remember how nmuch her nursery gover noss likes music. You mna.y really think yourself very fortunato to be so kindil thought of. H[ero we are at Bolmon't Houso; you will get out and I will go on homo," Esther, withl a start, thanked hler kindly; she had been in i dcolp roveric and had lot heard Mrs. Hope's kindly m1leant conllversatioln. " It is very good of you to go out- wit li me1," ishe said. " T am so passionately fond of music, yet I could not- go out alono; and I havco io relatioii, no friend in all thlie wide world. If it wore not for youll I should he obliged to spend the long eve.nilings by myself." "I am pleased to bo of service th you," said the old lady; " whenever you1 wish to go anywhere'l let me know." "I will not fail," said Esther. "Good night; I shall dream of Madame Sil Vo1'Ril." She went rapidly lup the broad flight. of marble stops that led to the magnii ficent manision wlhiro Lady Belmont re; sided. Thle hall porter, as hie opened the doorl, spoke familiarly to her, and Esthor Bruco passed himin with the woiundedt dignityv of nl injured ql(ucXn. The large house 'oemned a.lmost de sorted. True, it was brilliantly light .ed; but nmy Lord and Lady oplh~ont had gone to a grand ball, and wore not expected to return until in the early hours of Llio morning. Thio chil dron had retired to their rest. and the servants were enjoying theimsolves in their own quarters. Esther went wearily up the long, broad staircaso, past corri (dor after corridor. Usually she walked with a- light stop and a' light heart, hut, to-night sho was not herself; the faco in thto opera box hlad unnerved her. As she passed by tho suite of rooms set asido for the use of the children she went in to look at them. The little girl, Constance, her favourite pupil, lay fast asleep, Harry, the incarnatiol of all mischief, and heir to the house of Belmont, had evidently gone to sloop against his will; the rosy arms were still raised in protest, tho golden curls tangled with tho last struggle wvith his nurse, Estller walked quietly through the nlursery. Good, kindly Nurse IHcaton sat there, with the last arrival in her stout arm1s. "Good oveiiing, Miss Bruce," she said, "I hlope you have onjoyed your self!" "'Very much," replied the girl with a smile. Sho reached her own room att last, where Nurse Heaton's thought had prepared everything for her-a small fire, for the evening was chilly, and a nico little supper, comfortably placed on the stand. But Esther Bruco heed ed neither. She fastened theo door and then sat down, never removing even the cloak from her shoulders-sat down to thinlk and to dream. The strong, passionate heart vibrated yet. 'ho sight of a face so like that of her dead love had set her blood aflame. The dark, lustrious eyes were fill of fire; a red flush burned on her cheek. Slihe sat some time, her face resting on hr hanlds, then paced restlessly up and down the room. "My love! my lovol" cried the girl, "wihy cannot I forgot, you? Even from theo'grave yoll call ame to you: dead you haunt, ole as you did living. I think of you, long for you and forget the arIms are cold, tile lips silent. I forget the dark valley between us. Ah! why can I not, die or cease to suilor? Is it given to other woneon to love as I love, suffer as I suffer, to lose as I have lost P They smile and dance and sing; they ar11crowned with flowers, I with thorns. Why should I be more con stant thanl they ? The man I lved was not false; he is dead, Men are false to themI , yoot they laugh'. while I-ohl, my God!- my life is one long sigh and youl know it!" Slho struck her whito hands passion ately together; slhe fell on her knees with a, low moan. "Why cannot I forget?" sihe cried again. " Woman forget tile children thley bear, men tio w\ives who have d(ied on their healtrts, yet I cannot for get him. Had I died first and lie had stood over my grave anld called me, I must have heard him. I could not have slpt eoven while his footstep strayed in the long grass. Why cannot I forget him? Are old stories true? Free from his body does lie see me, hear lmo, hover 1round me--torturing ime1, (lay and night, with thoughts of him?"P IHer words died away in passionate wuoping. Sho laid her face down on the ground, trying to stifle the little sobs that would not be checked even as she lay there. Thero was something grand and terrible ill the tragic aban donenlt of her sorrow. Ordinary wonoln would have comfort ed tlhemselves, wiped away their tears, stirred the fire, partakenll languidly of the little luncheon with resigned little sayings and apt quotations. Esther did nono of these things. She lay there until the strength to weep left her and she slept fronm sheer exhaustion. It was not the first nIight Esther Bruco had slpont in fighting with her sorrow. It was an old story now, 3et Snever grow wearisolme. Ier grief was as fresh as on the morning 'w'ihen tile lottor and paper came, telling her Paul Lylnne was dead. She was different to others, inosinich as sieo lhad known so little love and tenderness. Esther Bruce did not re member her mother. Her father was kind and indulgent, but did not under stand demonstrations; it never on tered his mind to kiss his motherless child, to caress her fair head, as other fathers do. Ho was p)roud of her, fond of her, keeping her.all to himself: but of tender human love sho nvorer knew until Paul Lynne wooed her and asked her to be his wife. All the passionato love of her great. strong heart was lavished on him; not in gentle words and timid looks, but in grand, stormy raptures, that used to frighten while they delighted him. Poor child! She worshipped him. giving every fibre of her heart, to him. He was thoe world to her, the centre of all her thoughts and hopes. Then came thie terriblo time of their ruin, when Paul and her father stood dismayed, pennliess and without re source. The still more terrible time of her father's death followed, and, but for Paul, she was left alone in the world. They could not marry, for they had nothing in all the world. Then came thle English lady's offer, and Paul urged her to accept it, saying lie himself nleant to go to Australia and work hard thlere for a few years, and when hli had mnad a hom lie he would come and fetch her to share it. She had worked hard, so hard, to rc ceivo approbation from her employers. Shel studied somlotimes tihe long night through. Thoe lady, Mrs. Heendcrson, with whlom she lived; told her friends what/ a treasure she had in her young governess, and Lady Belmont,, hearing of her merits and wanting a nursery governess, offered her the position. Sh'e accepted it gladly, becauso of the laruge 1y incroased salary. Esther had slaved monoy; no one but herself know what economies she had p'raetised, what pri vxatlons she had endured, never think ing of the present, hbub dreaming, as the little store increased, of the far off hlomo for which she could now take so manlly conmforts. She lived on hopes, People admired hor-sliheo never knew it. There were mll;illy i11011 looking at her piquant; face and rilpo, scarlet lips, dark eyes and fair hair, who longed to woo and win her. Sho had no iheart, no hopes. thought or wishes save those centered in Paul Lynne. Ho wrote to her hy overy mail, and the days the lotters camo wero Esther's galn. days. She wore her lprettiest dresses, her lbrightestl rib 1bons onl them. Slheo know Otna. from hiis descriltion. Hle had told her also of Alan Wayno. She peopled the soli tude?s a.rounmd him. She believed she knew how the birds sang in the trees and what colour wore tihe flowers that grew near the litt.lo hut where he lived. Shie had nover thought of losing lin, her love was so great thalit the wide oceann rolling hotween them, thie years they must wait, seemed as nothing to 1lher. In her blindncssi she would have cried out at, the idea. of death striking down the strong miann slihe loved. Love with hor was etornal, and she forgot its oblject was hbut mortal. (To be continued.) The tweo lmon hlad talked for a time in I he train. "Areo you ' going to hear arlkinls lcture to-night ?'! said one. "Yes," retlurned the other. "Take 'my advice, and don't. I hear that heo is au a.wful bore." "I must go," said the other; "I'm Barkins." It is much easier to 1b polite and neighbourly than to fly into a, passion when thintis don't suit you. Take this noto, for instance, adriessed by a lady to a woman who lived next door: "Dear Madam, Your children, who are numerous and appear to be disorderly, Sno doubt deserve the frequent floggings I you give thell; ut, as my nerves are weak, I write this to ask if you can deaden the sound," 