A THESPIAN DETECTIVE. [ALL RIGHTS KKSEF!VED.[ BY BUR FORD DELANN0Y. CHAPTER VIII. The village police-station—and a delicate piece of business to be effected in it. I wanted a show of the foice, and yet 1 did not want the force itself to have a knowledge of the part it would play. " Yon are the Bergeant on duty ? " " Yes. Bir." "I am staying at the Towers." " Yes, sir." " The Countees has a little disagreement with a man who is making a claim on her. He will be there this afternoon. We do not for a moment suppose that he will make any noise or behave violently or anything of that sort, but he might. Oh—by the bye—do you speak French?" " No. Bir.'' "WeiI,that does not matter." (It would liave mattered very much if he had.) " What we want you to do, is to come up to the Towers—when will yon be ofl duty ? " " I am off at two o'clock, sir." " Very good. Could you and one of your constables, just come—quietly—up to the Towers ? Of course, you understand this is not an official matter. I don't suppose we shall want you to do a single thing, except sit down to a good meal, and allow us to thank you for your trouble by means of a £5 note." His eyes sparkled, and I went on, " Von gentlemen in blue, yon know, are such restrainers. Your mere presence will prevent a noise cr blaster— which we are anxious to avoid. Can I count on you ? " " Most certainly, sir. I am only too pleased to do anything for tbe Earl or Countess." " Very good. Don't come the front way. Enter the house by the servant's entrance, and I will tell the bntler to bring you to me. At 2.30." " At 2.30, sir." And punctual to the minute, the butler told me that two uniformed men were waiting. I had them shown into the blue room, and then sent a message to Daudet who was strolling in the grounds. Would he kindly step into the blue room to see me for a moment f And he stepped. Stepped in with triumph in his walk and a cigar in liis mouth. But he had not been there a minute before the air of triumph vanished and his face resembled—in colour the ash of his cheroot. In English I introduced my friends. " This," I said, " is Sergeant Snell of the local force. And this," pointing, " is constable Rose. By any other name," I added, in an efiort to lend an air of good humour to the proceedings, " he would be as sweet. Kose, just turn the key in the door will you, there's a good fellow, then we shan't be disturbed." I then continued my speech in French, which neither of the pol icemen understood. Translated. I said: " And I am Richard Tozer, a name not altogether unknown at Scotland Yard although for purposes of my own, and by reasou of my strong resemblance to Rex Farr, the actor. I have appeared to you in the guise of, and under the name of that theatrical gentleman." There would have been very little risk in openly Bayinp that I was a detective but 1 preferred putting it that way. It was quite true that I was known at Scotland Yard. I was once concerned in following up a clue, which the police ultimately took in hand, and were good enough tocomplimentmeover—but that iB another story. A guilty conscience dothmake cowards of us all. Daudet glanced at us, and then gave a quick look at the open window. I read its meaning. " Don't jump by the window," I said. " there are two plain clothes men there. A blow on thiB little whistle of minewell,—it would look so bad for you lo be brought back." " What does this mean P" " Sit down and I will tell you. Your cigar has gone out. Can 1 oiler you one of mine ? No? Very well, let us get to business." " Do you know lo whom you are talking?" " M'yes." " And you dare lo—" " Because I knowyou, is why?! dare." " And you know me—" " Oh, by a variety of names. barely no need to catalogue them? Alfred Did ier one al ias for instance, Adol f-Daudet for another." " That is a lie I My name is i Adolf Daudet." " Simmer down, dear boy. No'need to get excited. That's why tlieae policemen are here—in case yon became too excited." " Excitement. How oan 1 help it. You dare to accuse me of being—" Emile Daudet, That is the extent of my daring." He started. It had seemed to him impossible that liis trickery could be discovered. Even now its impossibility seemed strong. " You seem in doubt about your identity," I ventured to remark, " maybe if you remove that grease paint scar of yours, you'll know yourself.better." Instinctively his hand went to the mark on his face. Quiokly'I said: " No. Don't remove it now. We are talking in Frenr.h, and so far the police don't quite understand the'interview. It's for you to say if it is to buiangliciscd for their benefit." " My faith! What, will happen then ?" " Arrest. And alter that .a long term of imprisonment." Pale tc the lips, and yet witluan efiort to brave it out, he said; " For what ?" " Several things. Chieflyfraud, personation,forgery, and blackmailing." " Are you mal ?'' No. But I shall begin to Uiink that you are if you bluli much longer, when your common sense must tell you that the game is up." " What game P" '• Bali ! You make me tired. Do you think that I should talk as I am doing without proof. See here, your marriage certificate. St. Botolpli's Church, and your correct name, Emile, set out." It almost convinced him, but he gave a despairing kick, Somewhat feebly he said : " What witnesses have you P" " Your real wife UorteliHi'-she * is in an adjoining chamber. Shall I 'futch her?" My God no," he said, hurriedly starting to his feet. That fetched him. He was evidently more afraid of Madame Hortense than I had thought. As a matter of fact I had not the ghost.of an idea where that lady was. But he imagined I was Bpeaking the honest truth. It is proverbial that honesty is the best policy. It is mere supuretition. What humorist was it who said there were times when the appearance of it was worth Hix of it ? He hit the nail right in the centre when he said it. Bit down, dear boy," 1 said, we won't ask the lady in. if you don't wiBli it. She's not, perhaps, in the best of tempers just now." " And she has given ycu information—" Well, just enough you know to lay you by the heels, if necessary." '• What do you mean by necessary. I suppose I am to walk out of this room between these two men, eh P" " That rests with yourself." " Explain." " Certainly. But do have a cigar— such a tranquilliser, you know. No ? Very well. Now this is my meaning. So far these policemen know nothing. They need never know." " How—" " Write out a confession, promise to leave England to-night (I'll send your portmanteau to Charing CroBS to be called for) and I'll let you leave this room via the window a free man." " You will ?" •' On my honour as a gentleman." " You said just now that you were a policeman ?" " Did I ? Well, are the two things irreconcilable ? However, it will pay you to lake my bare word for it." He sat at the table, drew the blotting pad and paper towards him, and lifting a pen said sullenly: " What do you wish me to write ?" Tilings so far had gone very smoothly. Dictating, I said: ' I, Emile Daudet confess that my brother Adolf died years ago, before the marriage of the Countess of HawcheBter to the Earl. That by means of a painted scar and other deceptions. I passed my self oD to the Countess as tho dead man for the purpose of blackmailing her.' " " Is that all ?" " Yes, I think that will do. Sign it... Done so ? Thanks M'yes. think that will do. I am a man of my word. There's the window. Pass out— don't run—you'll perhaps prefer it to going through the hall, m case you meet—" '• Yes, yes," he said hurriedly, " I much prefer it." " Very well then. auit. Good-bye." And he passed out. I rang the bell and asked Rose to unlock the door, at the samp time handing a crisp Bank of England note to the sergeant, and said: " All ended in smoke, you see, sergeant. We did not want you after all. At the same time we are extremely obliged to you," At this moment the butler entered the room, and I said to him; " Thanks Jenkins for your atten tiou, and now complete the obligation I am under to you, by taking these two officers to your own dominions, and give them a good square meal." After they had gone, after a profusion of thankH, I sat for a moment thinking. This would be the happiest day the Countess had spent for weeks. And now in the nick of time the whole thing had shaped itself straight, for the Earl was expected home that night. And Sadie too. Now I should be released from the keeping of the secret which had sealed my lips. I could tell the. girl I loved all—or anyway sufficient for my purpose—and so clear myself in her eyes. And then—well the performance was to take place the following night, I would leave it till after that, and then tell her all that was in my heart. The Countess ? Ah. you don't want me to ti'U you how she took the news She sobbed in her joy, even as she had sobbed in her grief. She would kiss my hand again and again, and declare that I had saved her life, that I had been her preserver, that—but there. 1 told you I was a modest man, so I need not catalogue all the good things she said about me. It looked as if the drama had really come to an end. But there waB another act of it. The Earl came liome, but the performance never took place. Within twenty-four hours the guests were all packing and leaving. The party broke up. For the Angel of Death liad visited the house. In the room on the ground floor lay stretched out a dead body—a corpse awaiting the attention of it coroner and his jury. CHAPTER IX. The Countess was ill in bed. The excitement had been too much for her— the tension too great, She had a slight attack of brain fever, but in a few weeks was about as well as ever. She knew nothing of what happened till later—and then only partly the truth. She had passed through thiB history in somewhat sad fashion, and now towards the end she passes out of it happily. As to the dead body—well, I had better give you Jenkins' own words as they appeared on the depositions taken before the coroner. " My name is .Tames Jenkins. I have been butler to the Earl of Hawcliester for the last ten yearB. On the night of the 15th inBt. 1 had as usual taken the silver up into the saferoom and locked it up. The safe is double doored. The inner door which encloses a compartment containing the family jewels I have no key of. and the outer one 1 have in my possession. It is my duty to lock the silver up every night. I did so on the night of the 15th. 1 then shut the wooden door which encloses the iron safe in a sort of cupboard. As I did so I set the electric bull attachment in order. No one could open the door then without setting the bell in my room ringing. 1 sleep just, beneath the saferoom. This was about fifteen minutes after midnight. I retired to rest about a quarter of an hour later. I think I was the last person in the house to go to bed. I had been asleep just an hour when I was awakened by the electric bell ringing. 1 leapt out of bed, set the bell to alarm the stable-men and other servants, and slipped into my trousers. I guessed that if thieves were at the safe tliey must have entered from the balcony. So sualching up a gun I ran out by the side door and round to the front of the house. As I did so I saw lights appearing in the windows and knew that the alarm bell was arousing the inmates. It evidently alarmed the thief, too, for when I reached the front he was j'ust stepping over the balcony on to a ladder which he had reared against it. I fifed one of the barrels of my gun to let him know I was armed, and at first thought I Imd shot him, for lie dropped from the top of the laddpr to the ground. Bnt when we picked him UD there was not a Bhol mark on him. But he was dead. In the fall he had broken his neck. All enquiries have been made, but no one in the district knows him. He is a stranger here. He was dressed in labouring man's clothes Yes, one of the servants has said that she believed she recognised in him one of the Earl's guests, who left some days ago No, there is no truth in it. It is preposteroup, because that gentleman had a large scar running across his cheek, whereas there is not a mark on the deceased's face. There were no papers on the body to lead to identification. The. jury returned a verdict in accordance witli the evidence. The dead man had disguised himself in working man's clothes. He was never recognised, and filled a nameless grave. 1 was the only soul in the licuse who knew his name. I never told. My love aflair with Sadie P Ah yes, this Btory would not be complete without winding that up would it P Were it written with a strict regard for the iequirements of fiction, the narrative would end up to tile joyous peal of wedding bellB. and the marriage of the actor to the millionaire's daughter. But it doesn't. After the manner of American girlB (in fiction) Sadie would have taken me by just-. this man's name better—Farr. So shed the parental blessing on UB, let's get buck to Amurrykey, and have a real slap up wedding. Say, Pouper, I guess that has your appro." But she did not " say" that. Or anything like it. On the contrary. Women are extraordinary beings. (I claim no originality for that opinion). I could have sworn that I saw love liglit in Sadie's eyes on more than one occasion. Did IP I am afraid to say. Women are such enigmas. I have long given up even attempting to solve them. The lrvings' left with some of the other guests. I stood in the doorway of the blue room—that fateful blue room— as Sadie came downstairs, and as she passed I said to her :— " MisB Irving may I have a moment's conversation with you P " And she replied—and with a look in her eyes which should have warned me : Why, certainly ! " " And she passed into the room. I closed the door, and began to talk. I told her something of my real reason for being at the Towers. I am afraid that in my anxiety to appear clean in her eyes, I may have spoken of the services I had rendered the Countess, and her gratitude. Then I began to tell lier something of the feeling which she herself bad inspired in me. She stood during the whole interview, I could not see her eyes, they were cast down. She was, with a silver buttonhook, fastening her long gloves. Perhaps had I been able to lead her eyes 1 might have learnt sufficient to stay my tongue. But I did not proceed veiy far. She stopped me by an enquiry ; " Do I owe you anything, Air. Farr ? " I was puzzled as to her meaning. I could not fathom it. I suppose she saw this, for she went on : " For those private lesions you gave you know, or does the Countess pay you for them P Perhaps some tip is usual in these cases, if EO—don't be squeamish— let me know." I flushed—I felt that I turned crimson. And then I saw that she was opening her purse. I could not find the words I should have used. I felt so ashamed. Hastily I said : " Oh no, oh no, nothing." That so ? Well. I thought I'd enquire you knew, first. If there's one thing I owe you, it's a set down. I took you for an actor, and thinking there might be a spice of the gentleman about you, 1 treated you as such. When I discovered your intercourse with the maidservants—you pay me a Doorcompliment if you think I swallow your trumped- up cock-and-bull yarn about the Frenchman's wife—I found 1 had m;ide a mistake. Your conversation here shows you to be a miserable adventurer, and holding a poor enough opinion of me to think that you could blind me. By your own confession you are no better than a dirty little cad of a policeman. Open that door and let me pass out." I opened it. She passed out. On the other side of the door stood, smiling, the Countess of Abergole. Oh. there you are, Sadie, darling," she said, gushingly. " I was looking for you everywhere. The carriage is waiting." " X was just saying good-bye to our stage-manager." " Oh. yes, I had forgotten that." She stretched out her hand, and witli a wicked look in her eye continued, "Good bye, Mr. Farr, and thank you so very very much for all the pains you took. I hope I haven't occasioned you very great trouble." And I said good -bye. WHS compelled to shake her hand. Even wished that she might have a pleasant journey home. Liifcisful! of ironies, isn't it ? Ca3lirouivt', some of them. (The End.) 