THE GODDESS: A DE10H; OR THE MTSTEBY OF THE MANSIONS By ZUcIiBvd SKavslx, Author of "In Full Cry," "The Beetle," "The Datchet Diamonds," Etc., Etc. CHAPTER XXI. — A CHECK AT THE START. We looked each other in the face. "You heard it?" Her voice quivered. "I heard something. It was only a woman's laughter. She is somewhere close at hand, but is hidden from us by the fog." . "It was That which did it Do you think I can be wrong? It Is with Mr Lawrence. It is his shadow; it follows close behind him." She. was shivering from head to foot. Her eves were dlrfpndpd. her face white: I was fearful of I knew not what. Hailing a passing hansom I had practically to lift her into it. She seemed to have all at once grown helpless. I told the driver to take us to Victoria — fast An idea had occurred to me. The Ostend boat train left at half-past five. We might be able to catch it. Anything was preferable to inaction. The sooner we were out of London the better it would be. She was still trembling as she eat beside me in the cab. I tried to calm her. "You are too sensitive. It was only a trick of your imagination, you let it run away with you. If you are not careful you will be 111; then what shall I do?" She came closer to me still. "Save me! You will save me!" It was like the pleading of a frightened child. The contact of her person with mine set me shivering, too; it was as if I were thrilling with a delicious pain. "At present there is nothing from which to save you. When there is I'll not be wanting, rest assured." "Put your arm about me."' I did as I was told, wondering if she were mad, or I. "How is it that I only feel safe when I am close to you— and the closer the safer?" "It is because God is very good to me." "To you? God is good to you?" "Has He not put it into your heart to feel safe with me?" "You think so. Take your arm away. I am better now. I am not— not such a coward. You think it is God who has put it into my heart to feel safe with you. I wonder!" "I am sure." "You are a strange man." "I pray that you may not always think so." Have you— have you had many friends among women?" "Never one; unless I may count you as a friend." "Oh yes, you may count me — as a friend. Do you care for women?" "I did not know It until now." She laughed. I was glad to have lightened her mood. "You are very odd — you are really quaint." She leaned out of the cab. V Where are we? I have not the least idea where you are taking me." "To Victoria; to try to catch the Ostend boat." "Ostend? Are we going there?" "I think we'd better." "But — Well, I suppose it doesn't matter, but I really was not anticipating a trip to Ostend quite so soon. Just now you talked of Paris." "And It may be Paris after all; only the Ostend boat goes first." "And time's the essence of the matter. I see. Between this and the departure of the Paris train I run a risk of being ar rested. That is to bring it very close." I was still, hardly knowing what to say. What she said was true; this was a case in which, at any . moment truth might de cline to be trifled with. She, too, was silent. Leaning back in her own corner, as far as possible from me, she looked for ward into the fog. Starting for the other end of the world at a moment's notice was a commonplace event with me. An unex pected run to Brussels was to her a thing so strange as to be almost awful. I looked at my watch; called to the driver. "Can't you press on a little faster? We shall lose our train." "Why such hurry? Let us lose it." On that point we disagreed; I was not disposed to lose it. But I said nothing. The man whipped up his horse. Presently he began to insinuate his way into the station yard, which was blocked with ve hicles. I saw that for him to thread Iris way between them would be a work of time. Moments were precious. "Come!" I said. "Let's get out. We shall reach the pavement quicker than he will, and the train is already due to start." We descended into the road. Picking our steps between the horses' heads, we gained the station. I tore to this booking- office, she, laughing, close at my heels, as if the whole thing were a delightful jest. "Two firsts to Brussels." "Too late, sir; train's just off." As the clerk fepoke, a whistle sounded. "There she goes. Platform's closed; you won't be able to catch her." "There! After all our hurry! Isn't is an noying?" She didn't look as if die thought It waa annoying In the least. Boys were shout ing out the editions of the evening papers;- Placards were displayed „on the bookstall close at hand. I saw her glance -at one, which had already caught my own atten tion. 'i " 'Imperial Mansions Murder. Extraor dinary Scene at the Coroner's Inquest/ Has the inquest been held? And what has happened there? What does it mean by 'extraordinary scene'?" I felt as if everyone was' on the point of calling out, "Here's the man who locked up the coroner's court! Here's the woman he's spiriting away!" The sudden sight of that placard had got on my nerves. I was brusque, brutal. 1 "Bother the inquest! What we've got to think about's that train." "Indeed? So you can be bad-tempered if you like, and civil too. I was wondering if you were always a model of lamblike decorum." "I beg your pardon, but— the fact is, I'd made up my mind to catch that train."- "Had you? And you'd also made up your mind that I shouldn't know what was in the papers. You're very considerate, Mr. Ferguson." H I glanced around, startled. Her out spoken mention of my. name took me aback. No doubt all the world -was talk ing of John Ferguson ; looking for him 1 wondering where he was. I did not want that crowd to learn that he was in its midst. My appearance of discomfiture she seemed to find amusing. t . "Might I ask you just one question?" "You are too hard on me; you may ask a thousand." "Did you propose to take me all the way. to Ostend without giving me something to eat? Perhaps you're not aware that four o'clock is tlie actor's dinner hour. I've not bad a morsel of food all day." j, "Miss Moore!" ' Mine was the blunder then ; I could have bitten my tongue off for uttering the name. A man behind turned towards us as if he had been struck by it — or t thought so. Had he known it, he was never so near having his head twisted off his shoulders. Had he allowed a sign of recognition to have escaped him, there would have been murder done. But he was a mild-looking, grey-rhalred person; and the sight of the expression with which I regarded him seemed to fill him with such astonishment, to say nothing else, that he retreated precipitately backwards, as if fearful that I was about to devour him then and there. I stumbled on. "I entreat your forgiveness, but I— I hadn't the faintest notion you were hun gry." "No— you wouldn't have." "Meaning that I am the sort of person who never does know anything? You are right; I am. But where shal we go? I believe there's some sort of place in the station where we can get something to eat." ; "The nearest, please." . !''« "But— I'm afraid that's hprrld.' "Don't you know any place which isn't horrid?" ' Scarcely ever before had my constitu tional stupidity been so much to the front. The missing of the train, the discovery, that I had actually proposed to take my companion to Ostend foodless, and in a state approaching to starvation, the fact that the paper boys were repeating, under my very nose, their parrot cry, "Extra- ordinary scene at an Inquest!" — these things, joined to the confusion around, seemed to addle my brain. For the mo ment I could not think where I could take' her to get something decent to eat. Still doubtful, I was making for the station restaurant when someone caught me by the arm. It was Mr Isaac Bernstein. He seemed to he half beside himself with ex citement; he grasped me with a vigor, which was perhaps unconscious. "Have the goodness, Mr Bernstein, to release my arm." ; He burst into voluble speech. "This Is more than I can stand, and I'm' not going to have it. Don't touch me, or I'll call for help. There are policemen1 close by and I'm not without protection! Even a worm will turn, and now I'm go ing to, eo just you listen to what I've got to say." . i "Your affairs, Mr Bernstein, have no interest for me. Did you hear me ask you to release my arm?" "It's as much your affair as it is mine — every bit as much." He waved his umbrella. There's Lawrence there." i "Who?" : ' "Lawrence! He's been trying to do £ bolt — to Ostend or some Infernal place or . other, the other side of the world, for all I know — meaning to dish me as he's done the rest of you. But I was on to him. He'd been off in spite of me only he was drunk, or mad, or something, and they wouldn't have him in the train. Now he's behaving like a howling maniac." Releas ing my arm, Mr Bernstein took off his hat to wipe his brow. "I believe he's raving mad. That's him! Did you ever hear anything like the row' he's making. As a matter of fact, while the excited gentleman was speaking I had become conscious that something interesting wjis " taking place on the platform from which1 the boat train had departed. The thlpg was becoming more obvious every second. Apparently the railway officials were taking more or less vigorous mea sures to induce somebody to quit the station precincts. This person, who was the centre of a curiouh and rapidly,' increasing crowd, was announcing, his opinions on divers subjects, and on Ibe subject of railway men in particular at the top of his voice and in strident tones With which I seemed familiar. A sudden premonition swept upon xfiSS -that matters were rushing to a head;' that a few hours, a few .'minutes even, would see the whole mystery made clear- ©t the .form which the explanation i jwould take. As my eyes wandered, I flaw1, peeping at us from out of the ierowd.my companion's precious relative, Sir Thomas Moore. For some reason, the young gentleman looked as If he Were half beside himself with fear; he Was pasty white. When he perceived that I had recognised him, he slunk out pf sight like a frightened cur. - I glanced at the lady to learn if she Also had observed her brother. From her bearing I judged not, though as I Jeyed her I understood that she also had seen the signs of the times, the shadows Which coming events were casting be fore, and that she, too, realised that the hour, the moment, was big with her fate find mine. CHAPTER XXII.— A MIRACLE. The hustling throng came quickly for ward. In its midst someone was being propelled towards the entrance. Al though he was shouting at the top of his voice, he appeared to be offering no actual resistance, but seemed rather to he regarding the proceedings as a joke. In spite of the hubbub, Mr Bernstein's accents reached my ear. "Did you ever hear anything like him? Isn't he a beauty? And that's the man who's had I don't know how much cash out of me — a hatfull And that s how he goes on!" I was indifferent to Mr Bernstein's lamentations. As the crowd came nearer, I was beginning to ask myself if I .was dreaming; if, again, I was about to become the victim of a night mare imagining. I turned to Miss Moore. "Hadn't you— better go? Hadn't I better— get you out of this?" I was conscious that my voice was a little hoarse. Hers was clear and reso nant. Although she did not speak loud ly, it seemed to ring above the din. "Go? Now? When it's coming face lo face, the light is breaking, I'm begin ning to see clear, and it's my call? No; now I'll stay and play the scene right through until the curtain drops. It was God who made us miss that train." The crowd was drawing very close. IWas I asleep or waking? Were my ©yes playing tricks, my senses leaving me? What suddenly made the world seem to spin round and round? Who iWas it in the midst of the people — the man they were hustling — who raved land screamed? Was he a creature born bf delirium, or a thing of flesh and blood? It was from the girl at my side that Recognition first came. ' "It's he!" 6he cried. "It's he!" It was he — the wretch who had set us ail oy uie eo-ia, wnu hoaa iuuicu 'duped us; who had played upon us, as a last stroke, a trick whose nature, even lyet, I did not understand. I strode Into the crowd. : ''Let me passi Make way for me!" They made way for me. It was well 'for them they did; the strength of a 'dozen Samsons was that moment In my arms. I planted myself in front of him. "How is it that you've come back — from the gates of hell?" "Ferguson! - It's you!" He broke Into a peal of laughter, which spoke of pain, not pleasure. "But I've not come back! They're still stoking the fires!" be threw out his arms, as if referring to the jeering mob, which pressed upon Sis. "Here are the attendant demons— jpan't you see them?" I continued standing still, regarding ' him. "It is Edwin Lawrence, as I live. Ed- jvln — not Philip." < "Yes, not Philip— Edwin!" He laughed again. "Would you like to see the Strawberry mark? It's there." "What is tills game in which you Have been taking a hand?" "It's a game of my own invention— and hers!" He made an upward move ment with his hand. "It was from her the inspiration came. She named the Stakes, framed the rules, started the fjame, watched the play — and with both eyes she's watched It ever since. Those eyes of hers! They never sleep, and never blink or wink, but watch, watch, Svatch all the time. They've watched me ever since the game began. They re Svatchlng now! She haunts and hounds me— into the train, and out of it. She's here now— enjoying the joke. Hark! Can't .you hear her?" He stopped to listen. I heard nothing out of the com mon, though it seemed he did. "That's Her laughter!" He broke Into discor- 'dant merriment. "I play the part of Echo. She has me, body, soul and spirit; and she thinks It such a jest!" He spoke as men do in fevers. I could gee that there were some about us who Bet him down as mad. There were these who jeered, as fools will at the Bight of a man's anguish, when, In the abandonment of his shame, lie trails his soul in the dust. I had seen persons In bis case before. He was not mad as yet, but on the border line, where men fight with demons.- He had been drink- ing, to drive them hack; but they had home the more, threatening, on every band, to shut him in for ever. He fcnew what it was they threatened: It ftras tlie anguish of the knowledge which paused the sweat to stand in heads upon bis brow. The railway officials, I fancy, took it to He a case of incipient delirium tremens. A person in authority addressed himself to me. "Are you a friend of this gentleman's, sir?" ! "I know him well.' ' -"Are. you willing . to undertake the tfiarge of him? You see he's not in a fit ptate to go about alone." ( iT,ii take charge of him." £ irhen you'll be so good as to remove- him from the station at once.' He's al ready" given us more than sufficient' trouble.". Lawrence interposed, with what he In tended to be an assumption of the grand manner; "My good Mr Railway-porter, or what ever you may be, I will remove myself from your objectionable station without any hint from you. My destination was Ostend, and is now Plmlico. This is an acquaintance of mine, who owes me L1880; but I don't require him to take charge of me. There already is some body who does that. Can"t you hear her? That's her laughing." "Come," I said. "Let's get into a cab." "Thank you, I prefer walking. Nothing like exercise when you are liverish. Are you alone?" Miss Moore came through the qrowd. "No; I am with him." ' He stared at her, as if In doubt; then, with sudden recognition. "Ahl It is the sister of the brother— the affectionate relative of our dear Tom— the beautiful Miss Moore! It is like a scene out of one of the plays, in which you are the bright, particular star. The ghosts are gathering round! You were there, you saw her?" "Who?" "The Goddess!" "Was it — a Goddess?" "That's a demon?" "What do you mean?" She took me by the arm. "Ask him wlmWwagans." Lawrence _ap£\ge19<| "It's not a /hlrig-ea&ng; of which can be clarifleitby worflXiSome, and you shall se&N;&meetftei;>Mr Fergu son and youl' vr\ She looked VtTXie, Irw&iry; MihtV" eyes. I questioned liii5iuV-\ <S, jc- \ "Where do ywRfG.pose£id |reius?" "To a little plimSl'-nilnej'ftwre the Goddess is." V/ "What is this stuffaJit UwGoddess?" "Come, and you shall see." I glanced at her. "Let's go," she said. He caught her words. "There speaks the lady who would learn; the woman possessed of the spirit of Inquiry." I repeated my former suggestion. "Let's get into a cab." But he declined. "No, I'll have none of your cabs, I'll walk. I'm cribb'd, cabined, and confined out In the open; in a cab I'd stifle. There's a hand upon my heart, a grip upon my throat, a weight upon_ my head; they make it hard to breathe. I'll be In close quarters soon enough; I'll keep out of them as long as I can." I turned to the officials. "Can't you UlCOG UaA/A UU11 I lACLilL to have them following us through the streets. The man's not drunk, he's ill." "I should get him Into a cab." Lawrence, hearing what the fellow said, rushed at him In a fit. of maniacal fury, repeating, in a crescendo scale, "You'd get me into a cab! You'd get me Into a cab! You'd get me into a cab! I'd kill you first" The man shrank back, as if fearful that his last hour had come. We went out of the station, a motley crowd, Lawrence with Miss Moore, and me close at his heels; behind, before, on either side, a miscellaneous assemblage of fools. I would have prevented her from coming, had I had my way. I told her so at starting. But she whispered In my ear, "I'm not afraid. Are you?" "I am afraid for you — of these black guards; of the mood he's in; of where he's taking us; of what may happen. I don't know what devil's trick It Is he has been playing, but I'm sure it is a devil's trick,, and there may be worse to come." 'Tm safe with you." "I doubt it." "But I am sure. The light is coming; I'd like to see the brightness of the day, for mine honor's sake, which I thought might be a consideration, perhaps, with you. Still, I'm under ordera If you bid me go, I will go. But— mayn't I come?" I could deny her nothing which she asked in such a tone, though it were an apple out of Eden. But I was gruff. "Then take my arm." "I'd like to." I know I was a fooj, and should have forbidden her to go with us, nor have allowed her, wheedle as she might, to have run the risk of what might be to come; but, when I felt her Uttle hand upon my arm, I would not have had her take It off again, not— not for a great deaJ. j (To be continued.)' !! ! Papa: So Emily stands at the head of her class In French? Maimna: Yes. She and an other girl were exactly even in the written ex amination, but it was decided that Emily shrugged her shoulders more correctly like the French. 