GREATER NEW YORK LETTER. (From Our Own Correspondent.) Easter, the grandest holiday of all the year, has come and gone. It tells the story of promises redeemed with precious blood, suffering and death. It was the price paid for the redemption of un- numbered millions. The day of suffering, of sorrow and death is part. Millions upon millions of grateful northern ports on bended knees acknow lodge the obligation! The most sorrowful story that history records is the scene enacted along the Via Dolorosa, across the Valley of Skulls, up the blood-stained side of Calvary, where the Saviour of Mankind paid with His life- the penalty of others' guilt and sin. It seems as though Nature affrighted and appalled at the enactment of the terrible tragedy which has no parallel in the history of home-made its feelings manifest when lightning blazed in the heavens and rocks were rent in twain and above the roar of the warring elements was heard the last words on earth of God's Son in His mortal form. "It is finished; it is finished." The thunder rolled and with a great cry He gave up the ghost. It was but forty eight hours since shouting thousands with mockery and curves followed the Saviour of Mankind to His death. On a bright Sabbath morning two days, later. in the early morning, Mary the mother of Jesus and Mary Magdalene sought the tomb where He for whom they were mourning had been laid away. It was a hole in the rocks and before the entrance was rolled a mighty stone. As the mourners approached what they believed the last resting place of their teacher and friend, they found the stone rolled away. The tomb was empty. The Roman guards had fled and the angel spoke and said "Fear not ye, for I know that ye seek Jesus. All Hail ! Jesus is Risen'" . «?. " " And now for the first time His followers began to understand the last earthly words of the dying Saviour: "It is finished; it is finished." What was finished P Millions have supposed this bitter cry referred to His suffering and death, but under the splendours and the light of that bright Easter morning they saw it was the last chapter in His re- demption of mankind. It was the task that was finished and complete; thence- forward to the end of time the heavens should re-echo with the anthem, "Glory to God in the highest, peace on earth, good will to men." The Easter Sabbath of 1900 broke on us like a benediction ; the sun was bright, the azure background was in flocked by a single cloud. Happy faces filled the streets and crowded the churches-for one day at least a sinful world spurns to have put aside its daily task and to give thanks with grateful hearts for the blessings for the year which had gone. Even from the battle fields of South Africa and the Philippines we fancied we could almost PPP through the gifted clouds of an uncertain future the signs of returning peace. Prosperity is being felt in every POT Men of the land. The prices! for everything produced have increased, all of our great workshops and factories are taxed to their utmost capacity, and one of the most gratifying proof that prosperity has come to star is that many of our large corporations, gnawed by the labour unions, have voluntarily advanced the wages of their employees from 10 to 30 per cent. Among the remarkable features of the present industrial prosperity is that England is now bring millions of tons of coal, and other nations of Europe are sending orders amounting to hundreds of millions for machinery and railroad supplies of all kinds, while emigration from every portion of the world is rushing in upon us at the rate of thousands every day. To understand the prosperous condition of the _ labouring classes we have only to consider the part of a labourer in Italy with the pay of a street sweeper in New York. Among the labouring classes in the agricultural districts a strong, healthy labouring men receives as a compensation for his labour, from the rising of the sun is the going down of the same, from 20 to 25 cents a day. While in New York the street sweeper receives eight times 25 cents, or 2d. per day, equalling the labour of eight Italians in their native land. But the Italian in Italy and the Italian in the United States are two characters as different as the characters of Jekyll and Hyde. In Italy you might walk over him without resistance in the United States he walks over you. He has scarcely put his foot upon our shores, he gives us a new judicial] code ; he carries to its normal significance the motto, "An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth" ; or, if it happens to be a whole set of teeth, fixed to a golden plate it soon finds its war to the pawnbroker's, the Italian's Land of Promise. While I write, nearly a thousand Italians engaged on the Croton Aqueduct works, without warning, have taken possession of the works and paralysed the trade of the surrounding country. They hold the works to-day, in defiance of law, and hare notified the authorities that if the soldiers are brought out they are ready to meet them, and have plainly told the contractor that no further work can be done without their permission. The fear that now meets the company is that some of these desperadoes may destroy the entire waterworks system which they control, with dynamite. The confidence with which this Italian padrone speaks to the regularly appointed officials of the city of his power to call off or bid destroy the thousands of murderous rioters under his control discloses a state of affairs which will not be tolerated by any part of the American people. The law is supreme, and will be vindicated, no matter what the cost. Day after day its final arbitrament "inst be left to the red right hand, and the Lex TsgUonis must be the judgment which shall punish these violators of the law. No more pathetic story has been written in my time than that which records the terrible downfall of Edward, the favourite son of Cyrus W. Field, who laid the first Atlantic cable. The man was raised amid the associations of the most exalted character. His father and his uncles, David Dudley. Stephen J., and Edward were all men of world-wide fame. His family was second to none in the entire nation. The honour had been passed by a generation, when insanity, which had been the curse of his face, seemed to be ignored and forgotten. While still in his young manhood he may led one of New York's fairest and wealthiest daughters. The wedding was one of the most fashionable events of the day. Wedding presents from all parts of the globe, many of them from royalty, poured in upon them, and the start of their new life seemed like an omen of untold happiness to the end. But the young wife in the depths of her pure but agonised son] discovered a something which had passed unnoticed and unknown. The taint of insane blood which had cursed a previous generation and followed his grandfather to his death found no ' abiding place in his sons. David Dudley, Crrns W., Stephen J., or Edward Field. The firm of Field, Lindley and W<?1 chilers had been doing a most prosperous business for years when it was suddenly discovered that there was a short- age in their accounts of over- two millions of dollars. Dr. Lindley the senior partner, immediately set detectives at work and it was not long till the short- age was traced to Edward Field. In addition to this he secured advances on Imaginary boatloads of produce. The news spread rapidly on change and almost produced a panic equal to that of the celebrated Black Friday. Edward huRried to his dying father's bedside and rehearsed his shameful downfall. He gave his erring son the key of his strong box and bade him help himself, but in Heaven's name to secure the honour of the family. Edward Field stripped his father of every dollar and security he possessed, amounting to several millions of dollars. His father was left almost a beggar. But from that hour to the present time no account has been given as to what he did with the money. Cyrus died a broken- hearted man. His on was temporarily confined in a lunatic asylum and soon discharged BE cured, only to be re- discovered as a wretched tramp in the street carrying a sandwich sign asking the patronage of other outcasts like himself to the Dewey 5 cent, restaurant; sausages warranted straight, one penny each and two buckwheat cakes for a cent. the wildest dream of the imagination Mold not picture a dentist". We onto this In the. sorrowful extremity of this pool diBtrnught may God help him Trade is good, prosperity is general and we have every reason to look for ward to a probable balance sheet at the end of the present year The general desire of all classes of our people seems to be the honourable settlement of the questions which have so long district bid us with other lands when we may with out apprehension look for the return of the bread which we cast upon the waters after mun Slavs The reckless clinging to old party ties is rapidly giving way to to support of that which is right and for the successful ending which is to the present time has seemed like a troubled dream We can only pray O Lord our Father, born this horn of trial at lamp unto our foot 