A CHEAT WRONG; OB, THE , XTSTJESF or BLACK HOLLOW GBAXGE. chapter hl a night of.tebbob. The darkness of sadden nightaebtleddown npon the doomed vessel and the dcsolata bore near which she lay. The sea rose higher and higher, great wbtcs, like mountains, struck tbe ship, lift-' isg her np, and dashing her heavily against tie rocks. -Withal, the long threatened gale came on, tearing through the block fog like a shrieking demon, and beating the poor floundering Nautilus with such merciless fury that she began to show sure signs of going to pieces. Far away in the black distance hoarse thnndcis bellowed, and at intervals a red flame of lightning leaped out, giving the poor souls huddled on the deck a glimpse of the awfnl doom that awaited them. Shrieks and wails of lamentation rose above the clamor of the storm, and every minute some poor creature was dashed into tbe sea. The captain, driven wild with ter ror, secured the only available boat, and with some half a dozen men, desert -d the hip, but the boat was swamped almost in stantly, hastening tbe fate the occupants were so desirous to escape. In tbe midst of all this awful peril, while the Nautilus shuddered under bim, and the great waves TUBhed over her, sweeping off dozens of poor souls to untimely death. An- drew Bruce made his way to that part of tbe deck where the dead man had lain await ing burial, i r The '1-qjfa'll. «—rn nn in tbe 'SwSPraVroniSrYlilieltaed cor- ner, where it escaped the fall force of wind and water. While scores of living men hod been swallowed np by the sea this dead man was spared. Andrew Ilruce saw the shrouded figure, by the flash of the lightning, and put forth bis foot and touched it. His face, as he stood' there in the stormy darkness, wore a strange look — tbe look of a man beset by some strong temptation, to which he was not wholly willing to succumb. For five minutes, perhaps, he hesitated, his face ashen white, his breath coming in labored gasps, then suddenly he fell on his knees beside the corpse of the man who had been bis friend. f I may as well take them," he muttered. " Where's the harm! And there's no telling what they are," He drew a small knife from bis pocket, and opened the keen, slim blade. Then, with a few rapid strokes, though he worked in utter darkness, he cut an opening in the hammock much largerth&n; waB necessary for the purpose, for he rent it more than half its length. With eager hands he groped for s few moments around the dead man's bosom. He found the miniature and the package of letters, and drew them forth. Tbe package was warm, so was the ivory case of the miniature. So also was the bosom from which he had taken them, drenched as it was by the sea ; but in his terror and hurry, Andrew Brnce took no note of these strange facts. He bad tbe miniature and tbe letters in his own breast, looked about him with startled glances, to be certain this robbeiy of the dead had not been witnessed, and then fled away to make an effort to save his own life. The dead man lay where he left him ; the hammock cut away, his chest and bis face both exposed. An awfully ghastly face it was, s a sudden lightning flame illuminated the decl( lor an instant, a face very -like unto death. Yet on the right cheek there was a long gash, made by Brucc'scareless end cruel knife, and from this wonnd a slender stream of red blood trickled. Andrew Bruce, having secured the papers he coveted, hurried forward just as the Nautilus parted amidships with a thundering noise. He bad secured a life-preserver, and then made his way to that part of the wreck which was nearest the coast. The -black waves were strewn with bits of timber, and floating chests, and boxes, and to these dozens o poor bouIa clung, struggling for lifea be ingfetnten doimeTuy minute fey tbe wares. There was small chance of escape ; little hope of life, bnt Andrew Bruce was resolute to risk his fate. He was a daring man, and an expert swimmer. While an effort re mained to him he would not stand and wait for death. He was on the point of leaping off the wreck, which was momentarily going to pieces, when a shrill cry arrested his attention —a ehild's cry. He looked down, and the moon, wading through drifts of black, and throwing a fitful light upon the scene of horror, showed him a child jost below liim, clinging with both frail arms to the vessel's side, his poor, imploring little face looking np bnt a hand's breadth above the seething sea. The child was the son of the dead man lying ' on the' deck beyond. ..Andrew Bruce recognised the boy at a giance, end with a thrill of surprise. He thought he had gone to his doom long ago. fleeing him thus, however, his first impulse was to ssve him. He could save him, end give bim a chance for life. He actually made a movement toward the child, as another entreating cry reached his ears ; bnt a sudden thought struck him, and he stood irresolute. " If I save bim, he may come between me, aud — and — what I hope for," hp slowly mut tered. While he hesitated thus, a great wave dashed over tbe wreck and the child was swept away. With a frantic leap, Bruce gained the open 8ea beyond the wreck, and began to battle for his life. Bnt his very face, as the pale moon-rays revealed it, was changed ; for in that swift moment Andrew Bruce, hitherto a comparatively moral man, became a murderer. The rubicon of crime was passed ; and henceforth his course would lead downward. The opportunity had been given him to make his choice between right and wrong, and be had chosen the latter. . A c'oudleas morning followed that night of death and horror, and golden sunshine beamed down upon the sullen sea ami the drenched shores strewn with debris of tbe wreck and the ghastly faces of the drowned. Swarms of people flocked to the scene from all quarters, some eager far . plunder, others merely curious to see, and a few in tent on good purposes. Among the latter were two or three Seasant women from tbe neighborhood of St. alo. V Look, Clo tilde | look I" cried one of them \--Pr-fl. fr)»yin|B|in her native tongge. " tbereVTi'TiUle lafi, uo tuggl-l juntuyiim< Andre, all dead and drowned, poor' .little fellow." Lots oi Ahem went down last night, poor fellows. Here, mate, lend a handhere, will yon 7 Let us take this chap over to the guard-house ; he has got a queer look some how for a dead man. I can tell a corpse by the look, and the feel, too. There's a spark o' life somewhere here, if I'm not mnchmis- token." The men carried the body off toward the guard-house ; while tbe women weeping and chattering iy turns, tenderiy lifted the boy and hurried away in tbe direction of St. Malo. It is a month later, and f Iotilde has re turned to her own cottage in the valley of tbe Loire. The summer is well over, and tbe lime, leaves are. growing yellow, and the vineyards bang laden with purple clusters Clo tilde is looking for her husLands's re turn, He has becnxibrond for over a year ; but bis last letter wliicb reached ber months ago, told bcr to expect him before tbe winter act in. Accordingly, she has cut ahort her visit to her sister, near SI- Malo, and has re turned home to mako ready for her husband's coming. She sits in the cottage porcn „ms sunny afternoon, watching her two children asthey play beneath the limes. She callssthem both her own, and loves them almost with an equal fondness— her on Andre, and the little etorm-waif, the boy found on tbe coast on thqmorning after the wreck. They restored bim to life, Bhe and Rachel, and UlqtiJde.ifMs- brought torn home with Andreto her bwn pottage. The dear little fellow, "ishe lhinks,watch. tng Hie two children as .they follow their, hoops. "Oh, I do hope that Andrew won't -mind my keeping him when he comes. I should so hate to part with himl" Even while these thoughts fill her mind the vine-leaves rustle behind her. She looks ; up and utters a cry of joy. Her hosband' stands before her. "Oh, Andrew, have yon come at last I" Bhe flies to clasp his neck, but he puts forth his hand aud holds ber off. "Don't be a fool, Clotilde," he says,CQplly. "Yes, I've come, and I'm thorongliljnfled np. Briqg >ue a glass of wiae." As she looks at him her eyes dilate with bonified wonder. " What ails you ! What do yon see that yonstareat me so!" he demanded with a brutal oath.1 Bhe clasps her hands across Tier loudly throbbing heart. You have changed so," she whispers, awe and terror in her voice. "Oh, Andrew, what has come over yon!" A harsh laugh escapes him, a laugh by no means pleasant to hear. " Oh, a great deal — more than I can tell yon now," he answers. No wonder you find inc changed. Tbe whole world has changed for me. Yon shall hear it all in good time. But let me have the wine now." Bhe turns from bim like one in a dream. . "What is the cause of his straugc de meanor!" she soliloquises. "What has Changed him so fearfnlly i" At this moment, the two children came running up, band in hand, flushed and .rosy from their play. Andrew Brace turned ronnd to greet his own son, and -thus came face tofape with the eaEhiajdgaAjfflmfl- — He Whitened witli craven terror, and his srerv knees shook -under him as -if -a anaetre had confronted him. \- " Papa, papa," cried Andre, running to his fide, and catching his hand. Rut his father threw him off, without greeting or caress, and stood staring at the ether child with distending eyes and gasping lips. "I saw bim go down; I saw the waves sweep him off ; and here he is he vacantly muttered. QLotilde returned with the wine ; he seized the glass and swallowed the contents at a draught "That boy 1 how came be here?" he de- manded then, pointing toward Richmond. Poor Clotilde trembled. Her English hus band had never been over tender to her, and now there was something in his face that filled her with terror. "Andrew.pray do not be angry," she began, clasping' bis arm with two beseeching bands. But he threw her from him with an oath. " Answer me," he replied, hit surprise and terror giving place to wrath ; 'mu where did you get that boy ?" " There was a vessel lo;t off St. Malo a month ago," Clotilde faltered — "And be was «n her;" he interrupted, an awful expression sweeping over his face. "He drifted ashore. I might have known. And yeu saved him, and have him here. Curse you, I'll hare your life for it 1" He seised her by her abundant dark hair, and poor Clotilde, unable to comprehend the secret of his wild rage, fancied that her hus band had gone mad, and shrieked aloud for., help. \- He clutched her throat until her fai be, came purple. "Andrew 1 Andrew! for Heaven's sake do not murder me 1" she gasped. " I trill send the boy away—" "No! no I no I" he interposed, with ter rible vehemence. " I'll murder him, I'll have his life I How dare he come back to stand between me and my good luck?" He threw Clotilde from him with a force that dashed her to the floor of the porchnd cashed npon the affrighted child. " Came you I" he hissed between his set teeth. "You shall die 1" The lad shivered with terror, as the man's iron grip clutched him, hat he looked np with clear, brave eyes. " Why do you want to murder me, Andrew Brace?'! he. asked, simply. Yon promised my father to take care of sne, and take me to This simple question went to the guilty man's heart like a knife, and for one minute he felt a pang of genuine remorse. "Yes, I promised him," he gasped, in hoarse accents, "and called God as my wit ness." He staggered back a pace or two, andsank into a seat, covering hie face with his bands. " 'Tie not too late now," he muttered, "I might do it yet 1" Clotilde, who by this time had regained her feet, approached him, and laid her hand on his arm. " Come into the house, Andrew," she en treated. You are not well ; you'll feel better when you have rested." Her voice recalled him to his senses, and nls momentary irresolution vanished. . The evil within bim was growing so strong, the good so weak. " I should have to give it all np," he mut tered. Sir Geoffrey Trevetbon, baronet, with fifteenth onsand a year 1 Think of that I I won't give it up." He leaped to his feet with a hoarse cry and rushed at tbe boy again. "He shall not lire to thwart my plans, "he yelled. "He shall die 1" He struck the child a brutal blow full on the temple,' a s-ngan cgly wonnd.and felling him to the fluor, where he lays bleeding and insensible, while Clotilde and Andre shrieked with terror. But Bruce soon silenced both with threats j and oaths. Take him np and carry him into the kit chen," be commanded. " When it grows dark I'll throw him into the Loire." Clotilde obeyed without a word, shivering in every limb with mortal terror. Bhe laid the child down on the lounge, covered his ghastly blood-stained face,and then crouched down herself with her son at her knees, watching her maniac husband,assbe deemed him, with affrighted eyes. Bruce looked at her, and broke forth into amused laughter. " Yon think me mad !" be asked, divining her thoughts. Well, I am mad— drunk with my own flood luck, - Clotilde I There's -no - need to trembl»eo; the fit is off now;, it was tbe eight of that boy there that brought it on ; but be lies quiet enough. He won't arise between me and my good fortune again 1 Bit still, Clotilde ; I have my senses back now ; I won't hurt you, my girl ; I'm awfully 'ed to see you; and I have a wondrous story to tell yon. But get Andre snug in bed, and fetch out some cold meat >ndabottier>f wins before I begin, that's a ""ifewiMEgftWia'iglil. "uut 'net twmiiii refused to support her. ' "Run away to bed, Andre," she whispered, clinging' to the wlndowisiH for support. " Bun js way, like motheFa good boy." Her son, stillm terror of bis father, crept' out casting a wlstfnl glance at thesonch where his irocons'cious playfellow lay. ( Then rijewifetnrnsa bsr ghastly face npon her 'unhand,. . ; , "Andrew, for jtiie love of Heaven, what Is il ! What has come over yon 7" she faltered "jfrvyoumad!" He laughed again, that ngly, murderous "asgh. " I "think I%m," be answered/" andWwiH' rou . be when you hear" what I have to ;eU. Fetch out the meat And wine, CIq. tilde ; my good lock basnU impaired my np- petite!.' J. „ - . v . i " But'pm;iihtld jthere?";flhe crifd j "Hie poorUttielad/lm'lidiejfwedottiingfor « Willhe? . Bo much ibejbiii£ter.". ; The look in heiAushjb yifciirnfeSSter : nek and .feint. ' Hevned to%e ahandsoms eon, teMef and gallant, when his hot tem- ierwas-'under control, and she loved him to adomtiopjbntnowsiherecotled fromhimui shuddering fear. " Bo mnchhb'tMterbeWephefL1 Ae soon as jt grows a little darker I shall thrpV him into tbe Loire." ' - " But you will be a murderer," ehe shrieked out, "and they'll hang yon." "I shan't give them the chance," be set- - swered, coolly. " Til throw the boy into the Loire to-night, and before the day breaks ws shall be on our way to England. Sit down, Clotilde, and hear my story ; there's no time to lose." The woman dropped into a seat from sheer exhaustion. " I am not over fond of such jobs," her husband continued, as be uncorked his wine ' but once in a while the end juetiGcs the deed. Ton should not have saved the boy from the wreck. Never meddle with what does not concern you. Clotilde, bow would you like for your son to be a baronet— a baronet of England, with an income of ifteen thousand pounds per annum !" " Andrew i" "Don't call me Andrew, please," he con- tinned, coolly, " I have changed mv name as well as my fortune. Henceforth I am Geoffrey Trevethon, the late Sir Gcuffreys only son and heir, and to-morrow I go to England to claim my title and estates i Fact, Clotilde, upon my soul — and that boy yonder, whose life you have been so anxious ' to save, that boy would come between me, and between Andre after me, and all this good fortune. Just think of tiat f' She locked at him with wide, wild eyes. 1 Andrew, Andrew, yon are mad " die gasped. "How could aU this be 7" ' '-No matter ; it will be, and that enl aces." " Sir Geoffrey Trevetbon 1 What right hare yew to his title and estates? I have heard yon say that he never married your mother. You are only an— " \- Utter it at your pern," be cried, spring, ing across the room and seizing her t>v the throat. " If you ever allude to that again yen are a dead woman Sir Geoffrey Treve thon Li ttt marry my mother. She was a poor actress, ana fie an Nagnsu baronet. No matter ; his title and his wealth shall be mine til ttejufe Woman, hpware how ."HuV-'gaeped Clotilde, some one is com- Inc I" He released ber, and regained his seat jut as a peasant woman came in. " Why, what ails thee Clotilde !" ehe cried, shrilly ; " wearing the face of a ghost, and thy good man bnt just returned?" "Tbe poor girl is ill," answered Andrew, quickly, giving his wife a swift, warning glance. " I found her in bed when I came ' home ; and the lad there is sick, too," hecon tinued, pointing to tbe lounge. 41 What, Andre sick ?" asked the woman, "No, no; tbe other lad; he's a weakly child, and Fm sorry Clotilde picked him np ; but she's loath to part with bim ; so we must take him with us on our journey, I sup pose." ' Clotilde glanced at her husband in amazed awe. Not a muscle of her eerene, smiling face moved. "What journey? You are not leaving here?" questioned the neighbor. " That's it," responded Andre w, pleasantly. " We start for England in the morning. My business calls me, and Clotilde is too delicate to be left behind." The night came on, and after some little chat, and many regretful adieus, the woman took her departure. Andrew accompanied her to the door, locked it after her, and pocketed the key. He lifted tbe -handker- . chief from the child's face as he crossed the oom. It was ghastly white, and to all ap pearances lifeless. " He is all right this time," he muttered, with fiendish content ; then he turned to his . wife. " Clotilde, get your crucifix," he com manded. Tremblingly she produced the crura fix and while he held a pistol to her bow, fat forced her to swear that she would never be. tray bim. " Remember," -he added, "lam your hos band no longer ; neither is Andre yonr uon , I am Geoffrey Trevetbon ; my eon ie celled Richmond, and you are hie nurse and com panion. Swear also to this I" She looked up into his merciless face with imploring eyes. " Oh, Andrew, I cannot swear to this. Would you cast me off forever 7 Think ol the past, and how we hare loved each other." Old things have passed away, all things have become new. As to tbe love between us, no need to meddle with that ; you can be my wife all tbe same, only the world mast not know. I am Sir Geoffrey Trerethon's banished son and heir, and my wife died yon do ; and if you are a good girl, Clotilde, and love me at all, you'll be willing to help me to bring this about." " But I am not willing," she replied. H It is all a wicked lie. Your wife did not die abroad ; and if Sir Geoffrey Trevethon was your father, yaa are only an illegitimate eon—" Crack i went the revolver ; the flash blind ing her, scorching her very face, the bullet whistling within an inch of her head. The poor creatine uttered a wild ehriek. Her husband caught her by the shoulder, and shook her till ehe was breathless. " Silence 1" he thundered. " I missed you this time, but my aim will be sure next. Woman, make yonr choice at once and abide by it. Will you do my bidding, and go with me and your child to- morrow, or will yon die like a dog, here at my feet 7 As eure as there is a heaven above us, I mean to kill you, unless you swear to aid me in the work I have in hand. Come, now, you can have yonr choice I I would sooner take yon along, and 111 do well by you. What do you say? Take the oath, or in one minute your doom is sealed I" Tbe kneeling woman, with the crucifix against her quivering heart, glanced toward tbe window. The night had fallen dark and rainy, there was no help within hearing of the lonely cottage. She looked up at her husband's face which mocked her witli fiend, ieh cruelty. ' One I two-—1 41 Oh, Heaven pity mel Yes, I will ewear." Tbe pistol was lowered from her head, " That's a sensible girl now," commented herbnsband. "I'll tak; yon along, and von shall share my good fortune ; and you'U lead a jolly life Clotilde. Even if I marry again, as no doubt, I shall, when I come into pos session of my title and estates, I will pro vide for you handsomely ; and I'll not for sake you either, for in spite of all this, I'm fond of yon, Clotilde. And yoii will have the satisfaction, too, of seeing your sou the beir to a baronetcy ; for I shall make the lad m v heir and successor." She leaned her head npon her clasped hands, and made no movement or answer, "Well, now," he went on. "One thing more, and we are done. Yon must swear never to leave me. Yon are to stick to me and my fortunes. Come — swear." . The cold steel touched her tbroblinng head again. Jt was a hard oath to take — to stick to this man and bis fortunes, to aid and abet him in his crime, snd yet not even be his wife. But she did not hesitate ; after that moveber. J " Yes, I awegr," she answered, quietly. ' He returned the pistol to his breast, -sod buttoned up bis coat. Clotilde looked at faioi, as she still knelt, wondering, vaguely if he could be tbe man who wooed and won her girlish lore 7 He had changed terribly in the brief time 6ince he had surrendered his soul to the power of jifl, But hi# voice brought her toher feet, ' "Come, come— look alive. There ie no time to lose. You might. pack np our be$t things, and have the boy all ready, and I will call npon Larcom, and instruct hi m as to what dis position to make of what we ieave behind us, But this job must be done first." (jp nu gmramwED.) 1M "em? of , the directors -of the Man cheater _SKip 'Canal for the half-year ended 1 30th June test states that tbe receipts amounted to L03,O3B, and the expenditure til L50.00S, leavrac S balance of L7038, ' German eubjectsare vaccinated intfae early months of life, again en attaining the age of twelve, nnd all males a third .time on entering, upon their term of cerojifilsory warvice in the Army. Vaccination Isidways done both calf lymph, never from arm to -atm. i:-HI conw- quenues iifp- seated tofae unknown., ThelaW iastript, und resistance to it, bring perfectly useless, ispevetmetwitlK'' ; tu. ? - 