AN ELYSIAN HOUR. !As the door closed gently behind him, Wes ton's heart throbbed bitterly in unison with its final click. A great wind swept up the city street, driving a dizzy herd of snow- Sokes before it. There was the jangle of Bleigh bells in the air, and the excited toot of Christmas horns from somewhere in the dis tance, but Weston only shivered and drew on Ihis big, ill-fitting gloveB Blowly. He could hear the notes of .the Piano, tlnk-, ling still in the -Vpomhe'lhad, left, 'auff 'ror, a moment, the profile of Elizabeth's ifalce. sil houetted against "the curtain passed' before his wistful eyes. He bent his head against the wind and walked slowly down the avenue. What a . tool he was! What right had the assistant tutor in mathematics at the Howard School for GIris to lift his eyes to a beautiful, gra cious, gifted being and obey the overwhelm ing impulse that had sent him this first day of the Christmas vacation philandering to New York Instead of to the Connecticut farm house where, by all right, he should be tliiB Instant? A farmhouse! That was where he belonged, he reflected bitterly, where an un couth. bashful creature should hide, and not Inflict himself upon a gentler race of men. How he had stammered and flushed when Elizabeth had spoken to him to-night! How huge, and red his hand had looked when it held for a brief moment her white one! How could it be expected that a man who drops his eyes and flushes to the roots of his stubby black hair before a tittering schoolgirl could be composed before a goddess? Why bad Buckley, his classmate— Buckley, who claimed a remote cousinshlp and was an in timate of her home— Introduced them In a moment of lordly .condescension, that de licious, tormenting day at the intercollegiate games? He had left Buckley with her now, lolling in the big chair by the piano in the familiar, broth.erly way that was his custom. She was singing to him, no doubt, her lovely face transfigured in the red glow of the lamp. Oh, Elizabeth, Elizabeth! Her voice seemed always cadenced to a tune, the sweetest tune In the world. A sudden whine came apparently from be neath his elbow. "A merry Christmas to the good gentleman, and would he be kind enough to give a poor woman who has burled her hus band and three children the sight of ft nickel?" A bleared and wrinkled face appealed to him in the eleclric light. The assistant tutor had a heart not' yet dulled by an appreciation hip minute salary. He was walking back to the hotel; and he drew 'from tlie'- pocket of his greatcoat the nickel -he' had dropped there for car fare.. Something else came with it— a little white box. tied with a slip of blue rib bon. The coin dropped noiselessly on the enow. The woman fell upon it, and disap peared in the night with a brief and eloquent blessing. Weston stood and stared at the thing in his hand, wondering. How had this come in his pocket? Some Joke, perhaps, perpetrated by the humorcus young woman who led the giggles in his mathematical class! He opened the box clumsily and lifted the layer of blue cotton that hid the conlents.' A silver heart glittered in the light like a dia mond. He drew it out, sadly puzzled, turning' it In the palm of his gloved hand, and then, suddenly, the snowy street seemed to rise to the level of his eyes and drop again, for smil ing up at him, from its tiny frame, with her Bweetest smile, her kindest eyes, was no other's face but Elizabeth's. He held the locket close to his eye? and stared again. No, there was no mistake, no heart-breaking illusion. He leaned,, against, the electric light post bewildered with a dozen confused thoughts, and dizzied with the one that, rising paramount, swallowed the others like the prophet's rod of old. Could it be, was- it possible, that she liad seen what his bash- fuhfe'ss and adoration and humility would not '"permit him to say, and had done this beauti ful thing to show that she understood; that she. too , A great lump rose in Weston's throat, and In his heart a vast, overwhelming joy that made him tremble. To- morrow, he thought, to-morrow he would see her again, and his lips would be loosened, and he. could tell her all he had longed to since their first hour of meeting. The long walk to the .hotel seemed .the merest step. He passed over the threshold lightly. It would be good to be alone and think. The thought of Elizabeth would trans figure arid glorify his stuffy back room. Beaching it, he lighted tjie gas hurriedly, and placing the little locket on' the tabled sat : down before it as reverently as one might in some holy place. HIb confused thoughts gradually began to take a more systematic form. Of course, his salary was small— he bluslipd as he realised ,l;tp pitlfulness— but in three ' yearB it would be enough, and the little house the professor of mathematics lived in on the shady com mon at Howard— it would be his by that time, and when his classes were over, and he walked home in the late afternoon, she would be waiting for him on the porch. ' And ...the happy evenings when she would sing to him in the little library— to him alone! There was a blur of happy tears in WeBton's eyes. ; Some day he would take her to the old home, -he thought. She might he pleased at the ' ruggedness and primeval simplicity that reigned there — and his mother? Why, she. would look upon Elizabeth as a princess, and love her as an angel. He saw them to gether, the stately brown head bent before the humble white one. He brushed the tears from his eyes with his awkward hand. "Oh, blesB her, bless her forever!" he thought.. There camf a sudden, knock at the door, and a card was thrust through the' opening. "Gentleman for you, sir," said the bell boy. Weston took the card astonished, only half , awake from bis blissful dream. Buckley's name stared up at htm from its white eur- face. \ "Shall I bIiow him up?" said the boy. Certainly," said Weston. He stood in the doorway, fumbling the . card in his hand. What could Buckley . want with him at such a time — Buckley, who had never bestowed more than an accidental hit rif courtesy upon him at the best? A ter rible thought made his heart stand still. Could anything be wrong with Elizabeth? .It 'seemed an eternity before he heard Buckley's heavy foot on the Btalrs. He re- placed the locket, and slipped .he little box into his pocket hurriedly. Buckley- entered the room with a. good- natured nod. , "Hello, Weston,", he-., said. "Don't suppose you usually receive at this hour, but I knew you were leaving In' .the . morning, and I've spent half the nigli't call ing up every 'hotel., In. town to find out where yifu were registered." 1 "Elizabeth— MIsb Carson i" Weston gasped. "Is anything the matter?" Buckley surveyed the tutor curiously, with an air of distinct amusement, "She's all right," he answered, carelessly, "Only a bit rattled, naturally. You see " Weston pushed oue of the two cliairs the room contained towards him nervously. "Sit down," he said. Buckley stretched his carefully-groomed form opposite the assistant-tutor. His hand some, dissipated face looked strangely out ot the table to Weston. "Smoke?" he asked. The tutor shook his head. He felt that if Buckley did not speak soon he must fall upon him and tear his news from ljlm bodily, j "Buckley blew a ring of smoke towards the ceiling. "The fact is," he said, "a deuccdly funny thing has happened. When I left to go home after you went to-night, Elizabeth came out in the hall with me, and when I took my coat she looked very queer, and said, 'Is that your coat?' and when I Bald, 'Cer- taliily,' she began to laugh, and yaup the way women do when they're rattled. It turned out that, when she'eame downstairs 'to-night, . she had a little Christmas present for me 'with her, and' it struck' her that it'wopld be a very cute thing to drop it In the pocket of my coat and have me find it afterwards. Women are always doing such fool things, you know, and it happened" — lie. laughed en-. Joyingly — "that she dropped It into the pocket of the wrong coat, and — He stopped abruptly, and threw a startled look at Weston. "What's the matter? Are you sick?" he said. The tutor groped his way through the black ness that seemed to envelop his brain, and took possession of his senses with a mighty effort. "Thank you, I aim quite, well," he said, slowly. "You were saying -r— Buckley flicked the- ashes from his cigar ette. "Only that you ran away with my Christmas present," lie laughed, "and I've come to relieve you of it. I told Elizabeth that, ten chances to one, you wouldn't dis cover It, but she wouldn't be content till 1 promised to chase over the city and find you. Did you discover it?" he asked, Weston pushed the hair back from his damp forehead.- His -fingers closed about the little box in his pocket. It seemed almost a phy sical impossibility to draw it out and sur render it. "This must be It,- I think," he said. . He made a fine effort to bend his lips into a emlle. "Thanks, old man," said Buckley. He dropped the box Into his pocket, carelessly. "Well, I won't keep you up any longer," he added. "By the way, you. might be Inter ested to know that Elizabeth and I have de cided to hit it off together.. The bid people have been working -it for some' time— adjoin ing properties, and ail that, you know. A man's got to settle down sooner. or later, and Elizabeth's a sensible girl; who isn't bother ed with romantic Ideas." ; The assistant-tutor dug his nails Into the palms of his hands and braced himself against the table. "Great heavens, man, you are ill!" cried Buckley. "You look like a ghost. Come downstairs and have a drlnlc, won't' you, or let me send up something?" "It is.nothing," he saldbrokepiy. Weston shook hls herid. '-, "It 'you wlll ex-, ciise me— I am very sorry." . ../ "Not 'at al(— not at; all,'! '.7, aid Buckley. "Well, good night. Hope to see you at the. wedding." As he started away a sudden tumult rose from the city without— the blare of horns, the boom of a distant cannon, and the . happy jangle of bells meeting in a glorious blur of sound. 'Christmas Day," laughed Buckley from the stairs. "A merry ChristmaB, Weston. Be all right in the morning, old man." The assistant- tutor closed the door gently; and stood a moment with his hand on the knob. Then he made his way to the lltt!e table, and, dropping into a chair, bowed his head upon his clumsy hands, — Theodosia Garrison, in "Munsey's Magazine." 