[PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL AR RANGEMENT.] THE FOURTH GENERATION. By SIR WALTER BESANT, Author of "All Sorts and Conditions of Men," "Herr Paulus," "The Master Craftsman," "Armorel of Lyonesse," "The 'World Went Very Well Then," "All in a Garden Fair," "Children of Gibeon," etc., etc.. [COPYRIGHT.] CHAPTER X.-(Continued.) "Not unless he found his victim seated." "Quite so. And we have heard from Mr. Campaigne that it was impossible to sit down in the wet wood. Thank you." One need not go on. There was the evidence. At first it looked very bad against the prisoner; no one else in the wood, the blood on the smock, the weapon with which the deed was ac complished, the apparent impossibility of anyone else being the criminal. Then came the clever lawyer upon the scene, and in a little while the whole of the case fell to pieces. First, the doctor's evidence that death had been caused two hours before the prisoner entered the wood; the evi dence of the boy that the prisoner had gone in only a few minutes before he came out running. That was positive evidence in his favour. There was, next, the evidence of Mr.. Campaigne. His brother- in-law was the last man in the world who would be murdered without making a fight. He was a powerful man, much stronger than the fellow charged with murdering ihim He 1w p.ot 1 ,en unawares, but received ate fatal blow in full front. Again, there was no robbery. If a poor man commits the crime of murder he does it either for revenge or for jealousy or for robbery. There could be none of these motives at work in the murder of this unfortunate gentleman. Lastly, there was the best possible testimony in favour of the prisoner's personal character. This is not of much use where the evidence is strong, but when it is weak it may be of the greatest possible help. His employer stated that the prisoner was a good workman who knew his business; and he was sober and industrious and honest; the least likely man on his farm to commit this atrocious act. The judge summed up favourably. The jury retired to consider their ver dict. They came back after an hour. Verdict--"Not guilty." Then followed more writing. "When the verdict was declared the prisoner stepped down and was greeted with friendly congratulations by his master the farmer, and others. The judge before leaving the court sent for Mr. Campaigne. "'Sir, he said, shaking hands with him, 'we have to deplore our own loss as well as yours in the melancholy events of that day. For.my own part, although I consider the verdict of the jury amply justified by the evidence, I should like your opinion on the mat ter.' "'If it is worth your attention, you shall hear it. I had made up my mind on the point. The evidence at the in quest was quite incomplete. After talking the matter over with the doc tor, the murder was most certainly committed long before the man Dun ning went into the wood at all. The state of the body showed, if medical evidence is worth anything, that death had taken place two hours before; that is, before eleven-in fact, shortly after I left him. He must have been walk ing straight to his death when I left him and saw him striding along through the wood.' "'And have you been able to form any theory at all?' "'None. Had there been robbery, I should have suspected gipsies. Our own people about here are quiet and harmless. Such a thing as wilful and deliberate murder would be impossible for them.' "'So. The case becomes more mys terious.' "'I felt so strongly as to the man's innocence that I not only prqvided him with council, but I also drew up a statement of the case. The murderer of my brother-in-law, the slayer of my wife-here Mr. Campaigne turned very pale--'will be discovered; some time or other he must be discovered. He must confess if he is not found out; but I will not have an innocent m~ suffer for-the guilty, if I can pre vent it.' "'Sir,' said the judge, 'your conduct is what the world expects of a noble gentleman. There remains one con clusion. It is that there was someone concealed in the wood. The boy said that no one went out. He was think ing of the two ends; but he could not perhaps see through the wood, or be yond the wood. It is not yet, per haps, too late to search for footsteps. However, no doubt all that can be done will be done.' "So the trial was finished. I have not heard that any further examination the spot was made. As all the vil lage and people from neighbouring villages and the nearest market towns crowded over every Sunday for weeks after, gazing at the spot where the body was found, it was of very little use to look. for footsteps. "The man John Dunning went back to work. But the village folk-his old friends-turned against him. They would no longer associate with him; the taint of murder was. upon him, though he was as innocent a man as ever stepped. The vicar spoke to tile people, but it was in vain; anyone who had been tried for murder must be a murderer, and he was shunned like a leper or a madman. "Then the vicar spoke about it to the squire, who gave John money so that he might emigrate; and with all his family he went to Botany Bay, where the people are not all- convicts, I am told. There, at least, it ought not to be thrown in a man's teeth that he has 'been tried and acquitted for mur der. I have never heard what became of John Dunning and his family after wards. "The squire offered a reward of £500 for the apprehension and conviction of some person unknown who had mur dered Mr. Langley Holms. The printed bill remained on the church door for years-long after the rain had washed but. the letters, until the whole bill was finally washed out and destroyed. But the reward was never claimed, nor was there any attempt to fix the guilt up0on another; and as time went on a belief grew up in the minds of the world that, notwithstanding the acquittal, no other was possible as the criminal than John Dunning himself. So it was a fortu nate thing for him that he went away when he did, before the popular belief was turned quite so dead against him. "The wood became haunted; no one dared pass through it alone, even by day, because the murdered man walked by day as well as by night. I cannot say, for myself, that I ever actually saw the ghost-not, that is to say, to recognise the poor gentleman, though there are plenty of credible witnesses who swear to having seen it-in the twilight, in the moonlight, and in the sunshine. But one day when 1 was walking home from the village-it was in the morning about eleven o'clock-1 saw a strange thing which made by heart stand still. "It was a spring day, with a fresh breeze and sunshine, but with flying clouds. They made light and shadow over the fields. In the wood, which was more of a coppice than a wood, composed of slender trees such as birches, which were on one side, and firs and larches on the other, with a good deal of undergrowth among the birches, I saw, as clear as ever I saw anything in my life-a figure, oh! quite plain-a figure under the birches and among the bushes and undergrowth. It had its back to me, and I made out head and shoulders and arms; the rest of the body was hidden. While I looked the shadow passed away and the sun came out-then the figure disappeared. I waited for it to return. It did not. "I crept clowly through the wood, looking about to right and left. There was nothing; the birds were singing and calling to each other, but there was no ghost. Yet I had seen it. When I asked myself how it was drecsed I could not remember; nay, I had not ob served. Then there were some to whom the ghost had appeared clad as when he met the murderer; nay, some to whom it had spoken;so that my own evidence is not of so much importance as that of some others. "As time went on we could not fail to observe a great change in'the habits of my master. "Before this trouble Mr. Campaigne was a man fond of society; he would invite friends to dinner two or three times a week. He was fond of the bottle, but no drunkard; once a week he went to the market town and then dined at the gentlemen's ordinary. He was a Justice of the Peace and active; he farmed himself some of his own land, and took an interest in the stock and in the crops; he went to church every Sunday morning, and had prayers every morning for the household; he 'was fond of playing with his little children; he talked politics and read the paper every week. I-e went hunt ing once or twice a week in the sea son; he went shooting nearly every day in the autumn; he attended the races; he was a gardener and looked after his hothouses and conservatories; in a word, he was a country gentleman who pleased himself with the pursuits of the country; was a good farmer, a good landlord, a good magistrate, a good father, and a good Christian. "Yet mark what followed. When the murder happened the body was placed in the dining-room. The master went into the library; there he had his meals served. He never entered the dining-room afterwards; he sat in the library, when he was not walking on the terrace alone. "Suddenly, not little by little, he abandoned everything. He left off going to church, he left off going to market, he left off shooting, hunting, gardening, farming, reading; he gave up company; he refused tosee anyone; he opened no letters; he held no family prayers; he paid no attention to his children; if he found them playing he passed by the innocents as if they had been strangers; as for the youngest, she who cost her mother her life, I doubt if he ever saw her, or knew who she was if he did see her. "And so it has continued all these years. Sometimes the lawyer comes over, when money is wanted. Then the money is obtained, but he never speaks; listens and signs a cheque. As his housekeeper I used to present an open bill from time to time.. The money was put upon the bill with no question. The grooms have been long dismissed; the horses turned out to grass are long dead; the dogs are dead; the garden has run to seed and weed; the rooms in which there has been no fire or light or air or anything are mouldering in decay. I --- ' "As for the poor unfortunate cail dren, ticy grew up somehovw; the master would not allow interference on the part of his own family the lawyer, Mr. Ducie, was the only person who could persuade him to anything. The boys were sent to a preparatory school, and then to a' public school. The second went into the navy-never was there a more gallant or handsome boy; the elder went to Oxford; the-girl mar ried a merchant who turned out bad. "Everything turned out bad; it was a most unfortunate family; father and children alike-all were unfortunatd." Here ended the housekeeper's book of extracts and comments. There was appended a letter. It was headed, "Mary's letter, September 2nd, 1860. "Dear Lucy, "I have not bden able to answer your letter before-believe me. There are times' when the heart must be alonewith the heart.. I have been alone with my sorrowful heart-Oh! my sorrowful heart-for a month since it happened. "I can now tell' you something-not all-that has fallen upon us-upon my innocent babes and myself. You heard that Langley took his own life with his own hand four weeks ago. You ask now why he did it. He was doing well-no one was more promising-no one had brighter prospects; friends as sured me that in proper time I might confidently expect to see him in the Cabinet; his powers, and his influence and his name were improving daily; he was acquiring daily greater know ledge of affairs. At home 1 may say, truthfully, that he was happy with his wife, who would have laid down her life cheerfully to make him happy, and with his tender children. As for any thing outside his home, such as some young men permit. themselves, he would have no such thought, and could not have-as a man who considered his duty to wife and family or as a Chris tian. Yet he killed himself. Oh! my dear, he killed himself! and I am left! Why did he do it? "There was one thing which always weighed heavily upon his mind-the condition of his father. He frequently talked of it; he. continually thought of it. Why, he asked, should a mis fortune such as that which had be fallen him-the tragic death of a friend and the sudden death of his wife-so completely destroy a strong man, young, healthy, capable of rising above the greatest possible disasters? Why should this misfortune change him per manently, so that lie should neglect everything that he had formerly loved, and should become a miserable, silent solitary-brooding over the past, living the useless life of a hermit? Of course he felt also the neglect in which he and his brother and sister had been left, and the lack of sympathy with which his father had always regarded them. For, remember, his father is not insane; he is able to transact busi ness perfectly. It is only that he re fuses to speak or to converse and lives alone. "Now, dear Lucy, I am not going to make any suggestion. I want only to tell you exactly what happened. You sent him a book of extracts and cut tings, with supplementary notes. These cuttings were the contemporary ac count of the murder of Mr. Langley Holms, the inquest, the trihl of a man who was acquitted, and the strange effect which the whole produced upon Mr. Campaigne, then quite a young man. "He received the book, and took it into his study. This was in the morn ing. At midnight I looked in. I found him at the.table-reading the book. He turned his face. My dear, it was haggard. I asked him what was the. matter that he looked so ill. He re plied, rambling, that the fathers had eaten sour grapes. I begged him to leave off and to come upstairs. He said something in reply, but I did not catch it, and so I left him. "He never came upstairs. At..five in the morning I woke up, and finding that he was not in bed I hurried down the stairs full of sad presentiments. Alas! he was dead. Do not ask me how-he was dead! "Dear Lucy, you are the only one left of the three children. I have burnt the book. At all events, my, children shall not see it or hear of its contents. I implore you to burn your copy." Mrs. Galley wrote after this:-"I have read the book again quite through. I cannot understand at all why my brother killed himself. As for the murderer, of course it was the man named John Dunning. Who else could it have been?" Leonard looked up. It was three o'clock in the morning. His face was troubled with doubt and misigiving. "Why did they burn the book?" hel said. "As for the murder, there must have been someone else in the wood. That is clear. But why did my grand fathdr cut his throat?' There'is nothing in this book that could lead to such an act." (To be Continued.) The Latest.-The "latest" is always to be found in the "Examiner," the oldest daily Daper in Tasmania. I-ow well we know that life is brief, That suffering is long, But joy sometimes replaces grief, Then murmuring turnsto song. This little verse was suggested by the following pathetic story from the real life of Mr. M. T. S. Kempton, .electrical engineer to the Melbourne City Council, 6 Baldwin-street, Malvern, Vic. He suffered long-for years, and life had lost its lustre. But his own words will better express his feelings and ex perience. He says:-"I feel it my duty to testify to the splendid results of Warlner's Safe Cure and Pills. About eight years ago I was taken ill, and tried two different doctors. They did me no good, and for a fortnight I could not tulrn in the bed.... The doctor in forin.ed. me that I had kidney colic.- I lhad '-een reading one of your pam lhlelts ulrdvious to this, and I thought I w,'ulll give Warner's Safe Cure a tr: 'p. A frieid of mine procured' me t-o tllre~s a nd one vial of pills, and bofnre I hadr finished the second bottle I ,an.. ?i'n again, and it drove a lot of gravr? out mny system. The doctor srr;r.:e tr have no faith in the per mrcnr?'y- of the cure, and said I would obe Ir :-!cld with the same malredy proi' il tIwo years. But I am very: thln;.ik~!, to R.. that I have never had :a rr',:, r" im ' nce, and I thin!k eight ycn'::: artmr:-? time to prove thle ccre 1 E.-vc. -,~!anended it to others withl the !:' •r ,!ts, and shall continue to do s,. .r, lit. I thlink it is tihe safect .:c: be- -;mdciine under the sun, ontl amn cor' Int .that it saved my life." 