Jiteratnre. A MILLIONAIRE OF YESTERDAY. By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHEIM, Author of 'Mysterious Mr. Sabin.' 'Till the Day of Judgment,' ''The Man and , His Kingdom,' 'One Little Thread of Life,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XXV. On the summit of a little knoll, with a pipe between his teeth and his back against a palm tree, Trent was lounging away an hour of the breatliless night. Usually a sound sleeper, the wakefulness which had pursued him from the instant his head had touched his travelling pillow an hour or so back was not only an un common occurrence, but one which seem ed proof against any effort oh his part to overcome it. So he had risen and stolen away from the little camp where his com panions lay wrapped in heavy slumber. Thev had closed their eves in a dense and tropical darkness— so thick, indeed, that they had lit a fire notwithstanding the stifling heat to remove that vague feeling of oppression which chaos so complete seemed to bring with it. Its embers burn ed now with a faint and sickly glare in the full flood of yellow moonlight which had fallen upon the country. From his point of vantage Trent could trace back wards their day's march for many miles, the white posts left by the surveyors even were visible, and -in the background rose the mountains of Bekwando. It had been a hard week's work for Trent. He had found chaos, discontent, despair. The English agent of the Bekwando Land Company was on the point of cancelling his contract, the surveyors were spending valuable money without making any real attempt to start upon their undoubtedly difficult task. Everywhere the feeling seemed to be that the prosecution of his schemes was an impossibility. The road was altogether in the clouds. Trent was flatly told that the labor they required was absolutely unprocurable. Fortunate ly, Trent knew the country,' and he was a ? man of resource. From the moment when he had appeared upon the spot things. had begun to right themselves. He had found Oom Sam established as a sort of taskmaster and contractor, and ? had promptly dismissed him, with the result that the supply of Kru boys was instant ly, doubled. He had found other sources of labor and started them at once on clear ing work, scornfully indifferent to the often expressed doubts of the English sur veyor as to the possibility of making the road at all. He had chosen overseers with that swift and intuitive insight into character which in his case amounted al most to genius. AVith a halfsheet of note paper and a pencil he had mapped out a road which had made one at least of the two surveyors thoughtful, and had largely increased his respect for the English capi talist: Now he was on his way back from a tour almost to Bekwando itself by the route of the proposed road. Already the work of preparation had begun. Hundreds of natives left in their track were sawing down palm trees, cutting away the bush, digging, and making ready everywhere for that straight, wide road which was to lead from Bekwando village to the sea coast. Cables of his progress had already been sent back to London. . Apart from any other result, Trent knew that he had saved the syndicate a fortune by his journey here. Jlie light of the moon grew stronger^ the country lay stretched out before him like a map. With folded arms and a freshly-lit pipe, Trent leaned with h\\- back against the tree with fixed eyes. At first he saw nothing but -bhat roai), broad and white, stretching to the hori zon and thronged with oxen-drawn wag gons. Then the 'fancy suddenly left him, and a girl's face seemed 'to be laughing into his, a face which was ever changing, gay and 'brilliarit one moment, calm an.) seductively beautiful the next. He smok ed Ms pipe furiously, perplexed and un easy. One moment the face was Ernest ine s-^-iihe next it was Monty's libtle girl, laugihing up at him from the worn and yellow tin 'type. The promise of the ona —had dt been fulfilled in the woman? At least 'he knew that here was the one grem Wickedness of his life. The curious flood pi sen'timenlt which -iad led him to gam'ble for the childs' picture had merg ed wMi equal suddenness into passion at the coming of her later presentment. High above all his plans for the aecumula !fci»on of power and wealth, lie set before him now a desire which 'had become the ; moving impulse of 'his life, a desire primi tive but overmastering— 'the desire of a Strong man for the woman lie loves. In 'London he had scarcely dared admit s-o much even to himself— 'here dn this vast ?olitude lie was more master of himself, dreams wli'ich seemed to Wm the mosr beautiful and the most daring which he had -ever_ conceived, filled his 'brain and Shirred his senses till the blood, in hi* vein's seemed flowing to a new and be ?? .'.- ??.; ?-.:. ?? ?*????? ?'?W!t'Y?'---;:-' V^dering 'anisic. ; 'Those wer-e wonSeWfll: momenteHftw'iliim. .. v ' -- ^/f.17. Hi's pipe was nearly out and a pooler breeze was stealing over the plalin. After all perhaps am Tiour or so's sleep would be possible now. He stretched 'himself and yawned^, .cast- one more glance across the moonlit plain, and then stood sudden ly still, stiffened into an attitude of breathless interest. Yonder, between two lines of scrub, was something- moving— men footsore and weary, crawling along with slow, painful movements. One at least of them was a, European, and even at that distance T^ent could tell 'that they were lin -grievous Straits. He felt, for hi.i revolver, and finding tfliat it was in nis belt descended uhe hill quickly toward* them. '.'- „''?,. With every step which he 'took he could distinguish ? them more plainly. Tnere were five Kru boys, a native of a tribe which he did not reeoynise, and a' Euro- pean, who walked with reeling footsteps, and who, it was easy to see, was on the point of exhaustion.- Soon they 6aw him, and a feeble shout .greeted his approacB.. Trent was within hailing distance before he recognised the ? European. Then, with a little exclamation of surprise, he saw that it was Captain Francis. They met face to face in a moment, but Francis never recognised 'him. His eyes were bloodshot, a coarse beard disguised his face, and his clothes hung about him in rags. Evidently he was in a terrible plight. When he spoke ibis voice sounded shrill and cracked. 'We are starving men,' he said. Can you help us?' 'Of course we can,' Trent answered quickly. 'This way. We've plenty of stores.' The little party stumMed eagerly after him. In a few moments they were at the camp. Trent roused Iris companions, pack ages were undone, and a meal prepared. Scarcely a word was said or a question ask ed. One or two of the Kru boys 6eemed on the verge of insanity. Francis himself was hysterical and faint. Trent boiled a kettle and made some beef tea himself. The first mouthful Francis was unable to swallow. His throat had swollen and ihis eyes were hideously bloodshot. Trent, who had seen men before in dire straits, fed him from a spoon and forced brand} between Ills lips. Certainly at tire time he never stopped to consider that he was helping back to life the man who in all the world was most likely to do him ill. 'Better?' he asked presently. 'Much. What luck to find you. What are you after — gold?' Trent shook liis .head. 'Net a't present. We're planning out the mew road from Attra to Bekwando.' Francis looked up with surprise. 'Never 'heard of it,' he said. 'But there's trouble ahead for you. They're dancing the war dance at Bekwando, and the King has been shut up for three days with the priest and never opened his mou'th. We are on our way from the in terior and relied upon them for food and drink. ? They've always been friendly, but this time we barely escaped with our lives.' Trent's face grew serious. This was bad news for him, and 'he was thankful that they had not carried out their first plan and commenced their prospecting at Bekwando village. llTTT II .1 I 1* 1 ? 1 II t »H we nave a cnaner, lie saia, ana n necessary we must fight. I'm glad to be prer-ared thoupjh.' 'A charter,' Francis pulled himself to gether and looked curiously at the man, who was still bending over him. 'Great heavens,' he exclaimed, 'why you are Scarlett Trent, the man whom I met with poor Villiers in Bekwando years ago.' Trent nodded. 'We waited for you,' he said, 'to wit ness our concession. I thought that you would remember.' 'I thought,' Francis said slowly, 'that there was something familiar about you ? I remember it all now. You were gambling with ]-oor old Monty for his daughter's picture against a bottle of brandy.'^ Trent winced a little. 'You have an excellent memory,' he said drily. Francis raised himself a little and a fiercer note crept into his tone. 'It is coming back to me,' He said. 'I remember more about you now, Scarlett Trent. You are the man who left his partner to die in a jungle that he might rob him of his share in this concession. Oh, yes. You see my memory is coming back. I have an account against you, my man.' 'It's a lie,' Trent said passionately. 'When I left him I honestly believed him to be a dead man.' 'How many people will believe that?' Francis scoffed. 'I shall take Monty with me to England. I have finished with this country for a while, and then — and then He was exhausted and sank back speech less. Trent sat and watched him, smoking in thoughtful silence. They two were a little apart from the others, and Francis was fainting. A hand upon his throat, a drop from that phial in the medicine chest, and his faint would carry him into eternity. And still Trent sat and smoked. CHAPfER XXVI. It was Trent himself who kept watch tlirou''1 fiat l«=t lonfhonr nfTnoo'''tdarlc- ness, till the wan morning, broke. With its first grey, streaks came the savages of Rekwando, crawling up in a semicircle through the long rough grass — then sud denly at a signal bounding upright with spears poised in their hands, an ugly si?ht in the dim dawn for men ?chilled with the. moist, damp air, and only half awake. Hut Trent had not been caught napping. His stealthy call to arms had aroused them in time at least to crawl behind some shplter and grip their rifles. The war cry of the savages was met with a death-like quiet — there were no signs of confusion nor of terror. A Kru boy, who called out with fright, was felled to the 'round by Trent with a blow which would have staggered an ox. With their rifles in hand, and every man stretched flat upon the ground, Trent's little party lay waiting. Barely a hundred ya-rds separat ed them, yet therp was no sign of life from the camp. The long line of savages advanced a few steps more, their speart noised above their heads, their half-naked forms showing now distinctly as they veered through the erey prloom, savage and ferocious. The white men were surely sleeping still — they were as near now as they coiflcl get. There was a signal, and 'hen a wild ohorusof yells. They threw aside all diseruise and dnrted forward, the still Worninp. air hideous with thfcir cry of battle. Then, with an awful sudden ness, their cry became the cry of death — for out from the bushes belched a yellow line of fire, as the rifles of Trent and his men rang out their welcome. A dozen at -least of the men of Bekwando looked never again upon the faces of their wives, ^J&.retrfc JlesitaiJed. '---Trent, in wMom was pie love of fighting, 'made then '_ hisj Mrii mistake. He called for a sally, 'rushed out, revolver in hand, tapon the' broken line. Half the 'blacks rah away like rab bits— the remainder, greatly outnumbering .Trent'junT'his party, stood firm. In a moment it was hand-to-hand fighting, and Trent was cursing already the. bravado lvhieh 'had brought him out to the open. For a while it was a doubtful contest. Then, with a shout of triumph, their chief, a swarthy,- thick-set man of Herculean strength, recognised Francis, and sprang upon him. The blow which he aimed would most surely have killed him, but that' Trent, with the butt end of a rifle, broke its force a little. Then turning round he 'blew out the man's brains as Francis sank backwards. A dismal yell from his followers was his requiem. Then they turned and fled, followed by a storm of whistling bullets as Trent's men found time to' reload. More than one leaped into the air and fell forward upon their faces. The fight was over, and when they came to look round Francis was the only man who had suffered. Morning had dawned even whilst they had been fighting. Little wreaths of mist were curling upwards, and the sun shone down with a cloudy golden light, every moment more clear as the vapor melted away. Francis was lying upon his face groaning heavily. The Kru boys, to whom he was well known, were gathered in a little circle around him. Trent brushed them on one side and made a brief exami nation. Then he had him carried care fully into one of the 'tents while he went for his medicine chest. Preparations for a start were made, but Trent was thoughtful. For the second time within a few hours this man in 'whose power it was to ruin him lay at his mercy. That he had saved his life went for no thing. In the heat of battle there had ?been no time for thought or calculation. Trent had simply obeyed the generous in stinct of a brave man whose blood -was warm with the joy of fighting. Now it was different. Trent was seldom senti mental, but from the first he had had an uneasy presentiment concerning this man who lay now within his power, and so near to death. A mutual antipathy seemed to . have been born between them from that first moment when they had met in the village of Bekwando. As though it were yesterday, he remembered that leavetak ing and Francis's threatening words. Trent had always felt that this man was his enemy — certainly the power to do him incalculable harm, i'f not to altogether ruin him, was his now. And he would not hesitate albout it. Trent knew that al though broadly speaking he. was innocent of any desire to harm or desert Monty, no power on earth would ever convince Francis of that. Appearances were, and always must be, overwhelmingly against him. Without interference from anyone lie had already formulated plans for quiet ly putting Monty in his rightful position and making over to him his share in the Bekwando (Syndicate; but to be arranged without catastrophe that 'would need skill and tact, interference from any outside source Would be fatal. And Francis meant to interfere. Nothing would stop him. Trent walked backwards and forwards' with knitted brows, glancing every now and then at the unconscious man. Francis would certainly interfere if he were al lowed to recover. CHAPTER XXVII. A fortnight afterwards Trent rode into Attra, pale, gaunt ,and hollow-eyed. The whole history of those da,ys would never.be known by any other man. Upon Trent they had left their mark for ever. Every hour of his time in this country he reck oned of great value, yet he devoted four teen days to saving the life of John Fran cis. Such days, too, and such nights. They had carried him sometimes in a dead stupor, sometimes a raving madman, along a wild bush track across rivers and swamp? into the town of 'Souba, where, years ago, a Congo trader, who had made a. fortune, had built a little white-washed ihospita'. He was safe now, but surely never a man before had walked so near the Valley of the Shadow of Death. A single moment's vigilance relaxed, a blanket displaced, a dose of brandy forgotten, and Trent might have walked this life a multi-millionaire, a peer, a little god amongst men, freed for ever from all 'anxiety. But Francis was tended as never a man was tended be fore. Trent himself had done his share of the nursing, ever keeping his eyes fixed upon the deathlike face of their burden, ever ready to fight off the progress of th-? fever and ague as the twitchy lips or shivery limbs gave warning of a change. For fourteen days he had not slept. Until they had reached Souba his clothes had never Ti-een changed since they had started upon their perilous journey. As he rode into Attra he reeled a little, in his saddle, and he walked into the office of the agent more like a ghost than a man. Two men, Cathcart and his assistant, who was only a boy, were lounging in low chairs. As he entered they looked up, exchanging quick, startled glances. Then Cathcart gave vent to a.' little exclama tion. 'Great heavens, Trent, what have you been doing? ?' Trent sank into a chair. 'Get me some wine,' he said. 'I am all ridit, but over- tired.' Cathcart poured - champagne into a tumbler. Trent emptied it at a gulp and asked for biscuits. The man's recuperative powers were wonderful. Already the deathly whiteness was passing from his cheeks. . ? . 'Where is Da Souza?' he asked. 'Gone back to England/' Cathcart answered; looking out of the open case ment, shaded from the sun by the sloping roof. 'His steamer started yesterday.' Trent looked puzzled. He scarcely understood this move. 'Did he give any reason?' Cathcart smoked for a moment in si lence. After all, though a disclosure would.be unpleasant, it was inevitable, and as well now as any time. 'I think,' Cathcart said, 'that he has gone to try and sell his shares in the Bekwando concessions.' 'Gone— to — sell— his — shares,' Trent re peated slowly. 'You mean that lie isngo ing straight from here, to put a hujidred thousand Bekwando shares upon the. man ket?' Oathcart nodded. 'He said so.' 'And why? Did he tell you that?' 'He has come to the conclusion,' Cath cart said, 'that the scheme is altoprethei impractical and the concession worthless. He is going to get what he can for his shares wink he has the. chance.' Trent drained Ms tumbler . and lit a cigar; ' - 'So much for' Da Souza,' he said. 'And now I should Jike to know, Mr. Stanley Gatlhcart, what the devil you and your as sistant are doing slacking 'here in the cool of -the day when you are the servants pi the Bekwando Company -and ? there's work -:-- ? . -???.???? r::'-'-:'' ?-.':?--'???. j\\-r**iP^':&:^$%tt£jL'. ~xvhiole:*rfl&ce; seemsto be asleep^ *WGere*8 .Kour labor? There's not a soul at work. We planned exactly when to start the road. What the mischief do you mean by wasting a fortnight?' Cabhcart coughed and w£s obviously iU at ease, but lie answered -wifh some show of dignity. 'I have come .--to the conclusion, Mr. Trent, .that the making of '?the road is im practicable and .useless. There is insuffi cient labor and poor tools, no satisfactory method of draining the swamp country, and, further, I don t believe anyone woul- work with the constant fear of an attack from those savages.' 'So that's your opinion, is it?' Trent said quietly. 'That is my opinion,' Cathcart answer. ed. I nave embodied it in a report which [ dispatched to the secretary of the com pany by Mr. al) Souza.' Trent rose and opened the door which swung into the little room. 'Out- you go,' he said fiercely. Cathcart looked at him in blank astonish ment. 'What do you mean?' he exclaimed. 'These are my quarters.' 'They're nothing of the sort,' Trent an swered. 'They are the headquarters in this country of the Bekwando Company, with which you have nothing to do. Ou you go.' 'Don't talk rubbish,' Cathcart said angrily. 'I'm the authorised and properly appointed surveyor here.' 'You're a liar,' Trent answered, lou've no connection ' at all with the company. You're dismissed, sir, for incom. petence and cowardice, and if you're not off these premises in three minutes it'll be^the worse for you.' 'You— you haven't the power to' do mis,' Cathcart stuttered. Trent laughed. 'We'll see about that,' he said. 'I never had much faith in you, sir, and I guess you only got the job by a rig. But out-you go now, sharp. If there's anythin' owing you can claim it in London.' 'Ihere are my clothes ? ' Cathcart be gan. Trent laid his hands upon his shoulder and threw him softly outside. 'I'll send your clothes to the liotel,' he said. Take my advice, young man, and keep out of my sight till you can find a steamer to take you where they'll pay you tor doing nothing. You're the sort of man who irritates me, and it's a nasty climate tor getting angry in.' Cathcart picked himself up. 'Well, I should like to know who's going to make your road,' he said spite fully. .rX1'1} msx]ie {P m3'self,' Trent roared. Don t you think a little thing like some bits and bobs of science will stand in my way, or the way of a man who knows his mmd. I tell you I'll build that road from the tree there, which we marked as the starting point, to the very centre of Bek wando. He slammed the door and re-entered the 'oom. The boy was there, sitting upon the office stool, hard at work with a pair of compasses. 'What the devil are you doing there?' Irent asked. 'Out you go with your mas ter.' , The boy looked up. He had a fair, smooth face, but lips like Trent's own. Tin just thinking about that first bend by Kurru corner, sir,' he said. 'I'm not sure about the level.' Trent's face relaxed. He held out his land. My boy,' he said, 'I'll make your for tune ; as sure as my name's Scarlett Trent.' We 11 make that road, anyway,' the boy answered, with a smile. After a rest Trent climbed the hill to the Basle Mission House. There was no sign of Monty or the potato patch, and the woman who opened the door started when she saw him. 'How is he?' Trent asked quickly. The woman looked at him in despair. 'Why he's gone, sir. Gone away with out a word.' . 'Where to?' Trent asked quietly. 'To England, on the Ophis,' the woman answered. 'He never gave us the least idea, or we'd have watched him day and night.' Then Trent began to feel that, after all, the struggle of his life was only be ginning. CHAPTER XXVIII. It was then, perhaps, that Trent fought the hardest battle of his life. The start was only made with only a dozen Kru boys —Trent himself, stripped to the shirt, laboring amongst them, spade in hand. In a week the fishing boats were desert ed, everyone was working -on the road. The labor was immease, but the wages were magnificent. Real progress was made and the boy's calculations were faultless. Trent used the cable freely. \- 'Have dismissed Cathcart for incompe tence, road started, progress magnificent, he wired one week, and shortly afterwards a message came back. 'Cathcart cables resigned, scheme im possible, shares dropping, wire reply.' Trent clenched his fist and his ]ancnia-M- made the boy, who never heard him vio lent, look up in surprise. Then he put on his coat and walked out to the cable station. 'Cathcart lies. I dismissed him for cowardice and incompetence. The road is being made, and I pledge my word that it will, be finished in six months. Let our friends sell no' shares.' - ? Then Trent went back, and hard as he had worked before, he surpassed it all now. Far and wide he sent ever with the same enquiry— for labor and stores. He spent money like water, but he spent, from 'a bottomless purse. Day after day, Km boys, natives, and Europeans down on their luck, came creeping in Far away across the rolling plain, the straight belt of flin.t-laid road bed stretched- to the hori zon, one gang in advance cutting turf, an other beating in the small stones. The 1 oy erew thin and bronzed. Trent and he toiled as though their lives hung upon the work. So they went on till the foremost gang cams close to the forests, beyond which lay. tb* village of Bekwando. .Then began the period of the greatest anxiety for Trent and the boy, and a hand ful of the others knew what would have «ent Jialf the . natives flying from their work if a whisper had got abroad. ? A few ???(ildiers. were drafted down from the fort, arms, were given out to all those who could be trusted to use them, and . nt night-time men watched by the great, red fires which- flared, along the. path of their .labors. Trent and the boy took sentry duty by turns— the.ir revolvers :' loaded by their .side, and- their eyes turned towards that dark line of forest whence came no thing but, the singing of .night birds ^ind the calling of wild animals. Yet Trent would have no caution relaxed. The more they progressed the more vigilant the watch they kept. At last came signs of the men of Bekwando. . In the -.small hours of the morning .a burning»Bpear came flajwluw-'tJ^pi^.V'tH^aaiWwy'Qmd^^ir'''1''''*''' wifcha^nlBs . an$;x'iiuiv-r only/ia^ejfr-feel «? - from where Trent and the boy lay. Trent stamped^on it hastily and gave no alarm. But the boy stole round with a whispered Warning to those who could be trusted to fight. Yet no attack came on that night or the next. On the third Trent and the boy. sat talking,, and the latter frankly owned that he was nervous.' ? . ' 'It's not that I'm afraid,' he said smil ing. 'You know it isn't that. But all ' day long I've had the same feeling— we're being watched. I'm perfectly certain that the beggars are skulking round the borders of the forest there. Before morn* ing we shall hear from them.' 'If they mean to fight,' Trent said, 'the sooner they come out the better. I'd send a messenger to the King, only I'm afraid they'd kill him. Oom Sam won't come. I've sent for him twice.' The boy was looking backwards and forwards along the long line of disembowel* led earth. 'Trent,' he said, suddenly, 'you're a wonderful man. Honestly, this road's a marvellous feat for untrained labor, and with such rotten odds and ends or ma chinery. . I don't knoAv what experience you've had of road-making — ' : 'None,' Trent interjected. 'Then it's wonderful.' Trent smiled upon the boy— such a smile as few people had ever seen upon' his lips. 'There's a bit of credit' to you, Daven,- '''? ant,' he said. 'I'd never have been able to figure out the levelling alone. Whether I go down or not, this shall be a good step up on the ladder for you.' The boy laughed. 'I've enjoyed it more than anything elsS in my life,' he said. 'Fancy the dif* ference between this and life in a London office. - It's been magnificent. I never dreamed what life was like before.' Trent looked thoughtfully into the red embers. 'You had a mail to-day,' the boy con- — tinued. 'How were things in London?' 'Not so bad,' Trent answered. Cath cart has been doing all the harm he can, but it hasn't made a lot of difference. ? My cables have been published, and our letter will be in print by now, and the photograph you took of the work. That was a splendid idea.' » 'And the shares?' 'Down a bit — not much. Da Souza seems to be selling out carefully a few. at a time, and my brokers are buying most of.--,,. them. Pound shares are 19/ to-day. They'll be between three and four pounds a week after I get back.' . : 'And when shall vou go?' the boy ~ asked. .. '. *.??;, 'Directly I get a man out here I can ' trust, and things are fixed with his ma- ? '? ' . jesty, the King of Bekwando. We'll both' ': go, then, and you shall spend a week or so \ '-- '; with me in London.' ? - - ?? . The boy laughed. .-- 'What a time we'll have,' he cried* ?''- 'Say, do you know your way round?' Trent shook his head. ' ?? ?: 'I'm, afraid not,' he said. 'You'll have to be my guide.' ? 'Right you are,' was the cheerful an- ' swer. 'I'll take you to Jimmy's, and the Empire, and down the river, and to a match at Lord's, and to Henley; if we're in time, and I'll take you to see my aunt. You'll like her.' Trent nodded. ? 'I'll expect to,' he said. 'Is she any thing like you?' 'Much cleverer,' the boy said; 'but we've been great chums all our life. She'a the cleverest woman I ever knew, eaTna lots of money, writes for' newspapers. Here, you've dropped your cigar, Trent.' Trent groped for it on the ground, witl shaking fingers. 'Writes for newspapers?' he repeated, slowly. 'I wonder— her name isn't Dave^ nant, is it?' The boy shook his head. 'No, she's my mother's cousin, really, only I call her aunty, -we always get on so. ' ?« She isn't really much older than me. Her r^ name is Wendermott — Ernestine Wender- - mott. Ernestine's a pretty name, don't;— you think?' Trent rose* to his feet, muttering some- - thing about a sound in the forest. He stood with his back to the boy, looking steadily at the dark line of outlying scrub, ' seeing in reality nothing, yet keenly; anxious that the red light of the dancing - .. flames should not fall upon his face. The V boy leaned on his elbow, and looked in .? r the same direction. Yet he was puzzled '. by a fugitive something which he had seen '??'?? in Trent's face. . ' v\ Afterwards Trent liked sometimes to- think that it was the sound of her name „- which had saved them all. For whereas his gaze had been idle enough at first, it \ became now suddenly fixed and keen. He stooped down and whispered to the boy. The word was passed along the line of . sleeping men, and one by one they dropped back into the deep-cut trench. The* red fire danced and crackled — only a few yards outside the flame-lit space came the dark '?: '.;.-- forms of 'men creeping through the rough .. V'-'-' grass- like snakes. . (To be continued.) . . J-::: 