Rl ZP?\H, r COMPUTE IX mis ISSUE. / . , JIY ANNIE ,E. HOLDSWORTH, Author of " .Toanna Traill, Spinster," 'The Ytars that iho Locust hath Eaten,' &u.;, Scv, copyright. 1. THE way " f J.- a w celts ileal li was one nt tln.se lit'oh- loins whieli » hurry ing civilisation lias in." lime to solve. The dark ill;! Ill, 1 ho steps slippery with lee, Fnwcet-l's impetuosity, niailo a soiling obvious enough for tin; vol-- iliol of acciden tal dealh. life coneeniad i t s c 1 !' »vlth t h e latest murilci : ea-.-th re eeive.l Fnivueli, aiui ii.eti forgot him. Hut his death had huilt a stronger barrier helwceii his wile and Marl; than I ho one Ins life hail raised. llizpah could r.r.i. l'm-gel that Fnwoelt !mtl forhitldeii her iricmlniiip ivilii Math. .She IVnittil disloyally when, in ihest: Jjrsl, days of ividov.'lino.l. hei- heart iiirueil instinctively In her old itiend. .She / longed tor Ins presence ; and the lunging kept her frni 1 1 seeking it. lie know of FaweeU's dtatlt. and ho wonl.-l conic to her. , Ihifc Marl; was tiusy in his studio, put- 1 ing a screen of r.-ori; between lumsolf and the thought of llizpah. Tito oak olios!, .villi its earvi)!;j of llizpali keeping the vu!- uiroi: from her dead, was hidden in the window seat, lie wouid have nothing, til remind him of the love l-'nwcel (:\s deceit had st/deu from him. 1-liu was free now ; .eel he worked early and Into si riving in liirgot her. But ho eotllil forget her as lilt.'o as the picture Unit, haunted him. It irus always liotV.ro liilli— his sudden wrestle with hawectt, tho s!:ppury steps, the clutng- tttfffncc under the. street lump, the si letter. I h.it silence had surged round him then like a triumph.. nl strain : linn- it. siruefc tnio his own life and made it dtimi). Tho night had waved humicrs over the dead titan ; now it threw a j. ,11 across Mark's days. Under the 'pall was l''awcott.'s- face, a horror in.. iter..!, 'e. lie could tail go to comfort lti/.p:;h ; the thing was too ironical. lie heard how 1 ardty '.he throe months' wife took the blow ; how she fretted and drooped : hat if he had known that she was grieving tor his absence, and not for .VnivcsLf, he would slill luivo renniiued uway. He was very busy. llis great pielr.iro was .limo-.t finished, and if was amilne,' irony Unit us subject. lashed itis memory in' a the rcnicmbraileo he was striving to tO/.g'e.t. " I am (he llcsuiTcc.inn and the Life." the title was writlon at the foot o, the eauvas. Alurrr it. the v.hite splendour of liie angel shone out, a maivelhuis pre- v.-utiuool of life. It. was a groat picture, .old Marl: knew it. It needed only the imishiiig heiehos before he eouitl send it est to make his name and fame. Jle Was slill working at it, dissatisiicd that he had not leached lite ideal with which ho had stalled, ami while he worked to express the triumph of life over death l-aweett hold his hand, and the dead tri umphed over the living. To escape from tho laoc that was always "with him, Mark only worked more fever ishly. Tie painted out the motto, but slill "I am tho Kcsurrootion" gave point to the ritL-r .,o I'awcotl.'s faro. Sometimes the grim humour of the thing would seine -Murk, ur.ih he wouid throw down palette a no bills'! and laugh uiieonfrollably. When Ike mood was over he would paint with a fury id nnidness to get away from the mad- ni": i he feared. Hut, work as hu might he could not forget the man he had hustled out of his way and out of the world. Meanwhile the picture eame no nearer enuip'etiun. '.'lie later work was only blot ting out inclining from the conception. The lunger he worked tite further from him was the ideal, tile nearer to hint came the muck ing face lie ceuld not escape. .Staeey, the It. A., frowned when lie saw the picture again, lie walked about the room, and, head on one side, looked at it from every point' of view. " Votir Hist idea was the best — undoubt edly heller than this. In my opinion von have ruined tiiu thing." " What is wrong willt if'.'" said Mark roughly, biting his moustauhe. Staeey pursed up his lip-.. " There's no poetry, no sr.egcslivouosu in it as it now stands. And why in the world did you take poor Faw- eeit nt your mode!? Such a face as his Strikes a false note." i'-irk interrupted hint by a. sudden step forward. " Them's no suggestion of Faw- eeft anywhere," he cried sharply. " My dear fellow, the likeness is only too striking. Of course it is Faweett ! And Fav.etU. poor devil, as the Angel of Life! Honk ! it's loo ridiculous." The two melt looked at each other, and .SiacovV easv smile died awnv as he saw Mark's face. ' II it'ln, old chap, are you ill, or some thing !" Mark chunk liis head and pulled himself together. The blood lit its fire among tin; a'.Iies ».,u his face. His eyes, liho iwo Humes, swept the eauvas, searching fur thu likeucsu Stueoy had seen. As thu hated , features sprang to his gaze he gave a shurt iaugli, matched up a knife, and slashed it aerots I lie Angel's face, blotting out life and death at n stroke. ''Ale you mad?" .Staeey shouted, seizing ha; arm. '.lit he was too lute. Laughing again, Mark Hung the knife from him. It sped arruss the mum, and pierced t lie liguro of llizpah on the carved chest. " Vott have done it now !" Staeey said angrily. " Vou have ruined yourself. That picture meant fame. You'll not paint att- Mnrk did tint answer. He was going round thu studio, peering with his short sighted eyes' at every eauvas. He came tiiek to the easel with a face to which the 'i.'o hail returned. Some horrible fear had te.'.'.i removed by bis inspection of the pic- lares Ills laugh was awkward as he met the other mail's eyes. " I'otth ' the thing was no good," he said. "I always felt that it was sentimental and clap-trap. I'm glad i had the courage to put an end to it"" " You've put tin end to mure limit the p.. tare," said Slauey, looking at him curi ously " 1 advise yuu to go into the country fur a. rest. You're a bit run down, you know.'' Murk rubbed his hands nervously. "Never was halter in my life," he 'laughed. Staeey grunted. " Your best friends wouldn't know yea for the mail yuu were a year ago.' And would any sane man have destroyed his vmk? Yoa are working toe hard. Take my advice and give yourself a real." 'After Staeey had left, him. Mail; sat star ing at tile ruined picture. A horror crept over him. Wouid he never get away fvoni I'Vrcelr again? ir. During the next days a good many t'.vl.ists dropped' in to seo Mark. A (ptecr story was running about, town that he had deliberately destroyed the best. piece of work lie had ever done. He met his friends' inquiries hi a way that only cnniirnicd their suspicions, and his un accountable fury added impetus to tlio_ re pot t. At last it made its way beyond Ken sington ai't circles, and RizpttJi heard that Mai'!: -,vas losing liis reason. The news roused her frctti her sorrowful brooding. It ex plained liis silence, and lifted away the bur den of conjecture. His absence was not eauscd by estrangement. After the first relief the thought of his danger pressed on her with a weight of misery. 'Mark alone, battling with illness, drew liev strongly, lie had been Iter lover, and she loved hint slill. She laid a right In go to hint when ho needed cave and love. Why should conventionality divido them when destiny had removed the barrier be tween them. Faweett had been dead a year, and site had played out lite farce of mourning. Site had not loved him. She would never have married him but for that slory ho had told her of Mark's desertion. And now Mark needed Iter, and sho Mould not allow her husband In separate them any longer. She trembled as she climbed the steps of the studio. The. thought of the old days, when she had run up swiftly to meet Iter lover, shook her limbs. Tho hours sho had sat to liim for the design ho had carved on tlio chest lay on her like leaden weights, holding her back. But their weight swung her forward too. Ifiiizpah could guard her dead from tho vultures, the modern ltizpah could guard the living. No one answered her knocking at the studio door, aud after a few minutes she turned the handle and went in. . As tho crossed the room Mark lifted his eyes, and stared blankly. Ho made no movement of welcome, and the change in him, liis haggard face and strange manner, v.erc knives in her heart. Weakness and irresolution crouched in the liguro sho re membered with its splendid certainty of strength. She pressed her hands together, and her face whitened. It wits true, then; he was losing liis reason I " Oh, Mal t — my dear love !" At her cry lie sprang up, and recognition leaped to his eyes. "Iiizpiihl Is it you? You have come?" ho cried, wonderingiy. " Yes," she answered, with a little sob ; " I want you. Murk !" She would have taken his hand, but he drew away from her. "' Don't touch nte !" he saiil sternly. "You ought not to have come. Yuu don't know what has happened." Shu smiled, catling all her courage to her help. "Yes, 1 know what has happened. You must not send nte away, Mark." She looked at hint, mid did not falter as die added : "I have coins because 1 love vou." " You don't know what you are saying I" lie said harshly. "I urn not the Mark you loved. T am a " " I know — I know," she interrupted. She eim'ul not bear to hear hint put this horrible fear of madness into words; and she. l-an to him anil took liis hand and pressed it against her breast with a tender, caressing motion. Sho looked up at him, Iter eyes deep with love. "Mark, 1 know every thing," she said earnestly. " Don't let us talk about it. I love vou, and that is enough. We must lot thu past go." lie at tired vaguely at her. " Yuu know about it? Aud yon slill love me?" " T know everything," she repented ten derly and .solemnly. "And I love you. Won't you believe me? Nnlhing can change my love. Mark, you will let uio take care of you now ?" Ho drew away from her, and sut down and covered his face; and Rizpah stood looking pitifully tit tho wreck of the man she loved. A ftcr a time site put her hand softly on liis head, and he lifted his worn and haggard face. His glance caught and mingled with tlio love in her eyes. "How can yon love me still?" lie said hoarsely. " A good woman, and 1 " " f ant not good," she cried, with quick insistence, and then shame stained her face, and she bent liev head, humbled. " Mark, let me confess. I ititi not good. I inn wicked." Her voice drooped till it dragged ou the ground. "Oh, my dear, when lie died — when lie died — I was glad." bhe hid Iter humiliation ou his neck, and sho did not see the Hash in his oyoa that made weakness and irresolution drop from him like dead things. Ilo drew himself up, and his look probed through her shnmo to the love in her 'abandonment. He remem bered the passitm and thu promise of their past. It was for her suite that lie had dealt Fawcelt that blow. She knew what he had done, and shu loved him still. She was glad that Faweett was dead. That jus- tided his crime; he could bear pain and rumorse that bought happiness for her. And why should they not bo huppv? Why should Fuwcett slill spoil their lives? All the old days of lovo thronged round libit, pleading for their consummation. Willi Rizpuh's heart beating against his hu could not deny them. Ilis arm locked round her, and ho bent his faco to her face. " This atones for everything !" .lie whis pered passionately. "You shall bo my Angel of Life — tny Angel of Love, that was dead and is alive aguin." She lifted her eyes to answer his, but as, ho looked into them his faco changed and his arms fell from her. " I am the ltesurrection 1" Fa weed's voice drummed in his ears. 111. They went to a new world,' where' only Itizpah's jnes'iiice rwniuded Mark of F»w- cett. lit the Alps health came back, and power io escape from the oppression of his thoughts. Sky and snow aud mountain peak built tip a screen between himself and memory. Lovo diverted -his morbid thoughts, and as tho weeks passed he became again the 'Murk that the girl Eizpah hud known. His eyes Hashed with the old brightness, liis siitilo was ready to meet hers, his feet kepi pace willt her springing tread. They lived as though the shadow of Fiuvcett had never been thrown across their lives. ltizpah was radiant in the love that had found its earth ly close, and had east out the demon that had possessed Mark. Life burgeoned with gladness. When winter came, and her happiness blossomed through dull days weighted with cold, Marl: wondered at her. Nothing clouded her gaiety ; her laugh cclicc-t through the gloomiest day. It- bore her liko a Hashing lido over "the rooks that strewed their lives, it covered tho waste E laces cif the past. Fawcctt might never avo existed so far as she was concerned. At last nil this gladness overleaped itself, and, crashing down, shattered Mark's peace! He measured Itizpah's" love for him by her t'ovgetfulness of Fawcctt, and ha told him self tliat a woman v.ho could so easily for get must be heartless. The gloom tha't had lilted swept mound him again, a winlrv fog obscuring his vision. He could not see his old love, and ho tried to find her matin nt now scenes. They went front place to place, whipped ou by the lash of his restlessness. Florence! vemce, Munich ottered no delight that could hold him, and ltizpah, following breathless, saw roe evil spirit again in pos session. Sho hid her trouble that Mark might be picascd ; but hor cheerfulness was like the barking of the dogs that hounded him on. If she had been subdued and saddened she would have suited his inood, and might have comforted him by sharing the burden lie car ried. Ho said to himself bitterly it was nothing to her that his davs were dark ened; sho found her happiness slill. He had thought her decp-nalured ; but now he told himself only a shallow nature could bury memory under the ilowers of life. Ami all the timo the woman was hiding her tragedy under tho guise of comedy. He could not forgot Fawcctt iii wonder that rawcctt's wife had so soon forgotten. Her presence was a reminder front "which ho could not escape. Soon he began to dread the sight of her. . lTizpah's heart sank as sho noticed his fur tive, abashed looks. He could not meet her glance, mid his avoidance gave a shifty un certainty to his eyes, which her fears read nil too clearly. .She put her terror aside, that sho might lure him from the threaten ing danger ; but her arts and bcguilements only aggravated his restlessness. They spent the winter in llight from city to city, Mark pursued by memory and grow ing distrust of llizpah, shu flying from tho tenors that every day gained 'upon her. Smco their marriage hu had lint touched a brush, and ltizpah had been glad to take him away from his work. But now she saw that idleness was not good for him. Tho ceaseless moving kept life in 'a fer ment ; there was no rest for ntiud or body. " Lot us go home," she coaled. " I long to see London again. I am tired ol being- a bird of passage." She leaned her arm on his knee, and her eyes pleaded with licr voice. But Mark would not seo the lender face lifted to his. Her words angered him. Hem was he. striving to get away front the scene of his crime, and (lie woman hi; had taken to be with him tempted him btiek into its shadow. She had no heart. She pined for tho life wluist) threshold wits stained by her hus band's blood. He remembered that she had been glad to know that Fawcctt was dead. Her touch tainted him with her infamy. Ho shook off Iter arm, and jerked himself up from his chair. Thu studio at home offered a refuge from Itizpah's disturbing preseuco. The ghosts that met him there would ho less horrible than, the smiles of tho wutnttn who loved her husband's mur derer. "Yes, let us go home," he said eagerly. "I have idled too long. It is time I began my work." Her eyes sparkled at the quick accents, the gesture of decision. He only needed his work to rouse him, she fnlti herself. He had missed its inlevest; and grown mor bid. Men were not like women : love did not satisfy them. Hope soared in licr heart. Work would give back thu Marl; of the honeymoon. She wotihl Hud hei- lover again. Sin; chipped Iter hands with a gay little laugh " We will go homo In-morrnw, Mark. I can't imagine how 1 could lie happy so long away from Kngland. And you will begin your work at unco. Ak! you must paint that great picture again. I shall not be sulislied till my husband is famous. I have married a genius, anil ! want the world to know it." He laughed, and llieic was a bitter note, in his laughter. " So you married 1110 for auiliitimi? This explains it, tlicn ; why you risked the dan ger — practically put your head info the same noose us mine." Wo stopped incoherently. The light faded from lTizpah's face. At his strange words fear set its fangs in her heart; but the love remained in her eyes, and she smiled bravely. " My dear, am a very ambitious woman. I want to be rennunborcd as the. wile of a great painter." Mark turned his face from her, and looked through thu window at the limning crimson bars of the sunset. He could not most lTiz pah's smile. IV. When tin: studio tlnor set a barrier be tween himself and ltizpah, Mark became more tolerant of her. From (he outset ho liud forbidden her to conic into the room; Iter presence would interfere with his work. With wistful eyes she watched Die duor close upon him. She could not bear to be an outsider, having 110 share in his real life; but she conquered regret with hope. His slrango moods, (lie ballliiig "lance,, tho sudden passions, would yield to the interest of his art. She could afford to miss his working hours if those he spent with her were free from dread. But every day he gave her less and less of his time, lie stayed in tho studio far into tho night; and she saw him only at their silent meals. She had found out that quiet moods suited Mark best, and with in- Jinite relief sho had thrown asido the mask of merriment it hud been so hard to wear. It would luivo been doubly hard to wear it now. ltizpah saddened, and her face aged as time went .011 and she saw that Mark's lovo was dead, anil that her love, 1 luit was stronger than death, was powerless to raise it again. Sho bore the knowledge meekly, with a nob'.o patience. It was her punishment for the joy with which she had welcomed her re it-use front Fawcctt. As tho mouths passed, Mark's faco grew thin, his eyes hollow, his manner still more restless. The long hours in the studio told upon him— the solitude as well as the work. From her place 111 tho background llizpah walehed iho signs of overstrain, noting each umi only to relieve it by some unobtriisivu housewifely art. Occasionally her gentle ness lured Jlark into a .sombre recognition of hor presence in the house ; and he would spend an hour in the drawing-room listen ing to her music. At such times 110 one could have guessed that the man loitering over his pipe was Hying front a pursuing re morse; that the woman tilling the room with melody was listening to the crash of discords in her life. In Mark's appearance llizpah saw enough to alarm her ; but she knew nothing of the horror behind tho studio door. He had no idle hours 1 here : lie painted as if the Furies were with him. Hiii work had never been so swift or so sure. J'! very stroke told. The inspiration 02 madness was 011 him. AH that lio touched was stamped with genius ; it was in each line he traced. But when tile picture was complete lie could see nothing but the grotesque horror that- perched there. Care ful as lis might lie— desperately, as lie might avoid it— sooner or later tho 'baleful thing grew under his brush. Then suddenly it would dart out at him. and hold his gaze ; and, with the shriek of a beast in the jaws of a sluing enemy, Mark would hurl thu canvas from him and fall to the ground writhing and impotent. Ono day tho horror, whirling swiftly 011 its pivot, seemed to stand still. He could wwwwjiiii » -nT— ifTr«TfiT — Ti nirWTTTITTiTlfTImmTlWTT look at thu ihing and see its outline. Hu I got tip from ilis chair and roamed about the ! studio. Tho Hour w;i3 strewed with can- ; vases — a desert covered by tho bones of the ; dead. In the window they were piled liko : a cairn 011 tho oak chest. Ho picked up une after another, examining them. Hu was so possessed by the dread that tilled liis brain that when it met him from the outside he could not recognise it. " Booh ! it is a delusion. The thing can't exist," he reassured himself. "It "is the madness of overwork. 1 sec shapes that are only imaginary. This work is good, ex cellent! I might ask Staeey to look iu. He would be able to tell 111c. But, no! He had that confounded notion, too. He said it ruined the other." One after the other ho had lifted the can vases, and now the chest stood bare. The carving 011 it, after the vivid realism of the paintings, was like a calm after tho frenzy, it- caught his eye and led liim back into the days before Fawcelt had crossed his life — those rare days when Rizpali had sat to hiui as a model. Tho memory of tho girl in whose faco. lie had seen til? anguish of the first Rizpah came aguin to him. It was that liable sadness that had suggested Hie scliemu he laid carved 011 (I10 chest. Her strong patience had impressed liim. lio dwelt on the memory until lie forgot I lie wmuan whose obtrusive cheerfulness lind estranged him. "She was an excellent critic in those days ; I could always trust her judgment'," hu said. " I might ask her to come 111. She. wouid know if it was all imagination." The idea seized him. "Yes, she wouid know. I shall be able to tell by licr face when sho sees them. It will be a certain test." J11 a fever of haste I10 began arrang ing tho canvases around tho room, till the four walls wero covered, and easel and out turn and frame stood laden. Ilo stepped into the middle of tlio room and turned s'.owlv round. As lie looked, the Hii- ih of excitement passed and left his face stricken. lie was in a circle, hemmed in by tlio multiplied horror of his imagination. Tho thing was round him — everywhei, everywhere' ne cotild not escape from it. It leaped out from innumerable eyes on the walls, it sneered at him from (ho easels, it mocked at him from the frames, it lurked in the folds of the curtains. There was no escape from it. Ilis glntice was a moth shrivelling in lire, dashing itself into Hie Hume that burnt and did not consume it. V. Mark's request thai she should come to thu studio at three o'clock struck a gleam of stirprisu across tlio darkness on lTizpah's face. It was almost Iho first, void lie had spoken to her for days. This invitHtiun to the studio meant Hint he liad only excluded her while he worked. Now that liis pie- lure was finished lie would take her buck into liis life. The blood swung in her veins. The winter was over and gone. The time of thu singing of Hie birds had come. Marl: was too absorbed to notice her face. Hu was not even conscious that shu left him after lunch while sho put ou a holiday dress. "It is a feast day," she said to herself, smiling. "I must take off my sackcloth. It is tho day of Hie Angel of Life." Wistfully joyous, us on her marriage morning, sho searched for a frock that would suit Hie springtime. But all her gowns were sombre. Sho had not cared to trick herself out under the shadow resting 011 their lives. There was nothing to match her mood but tho gown she hud worn v'len sho married Mark. Blushing ami breathless, sho hurried into it and went from her room. The shi'uu ol the satin mndo 11 soft light around her as she climbed tlio studio steps. Mark would be waiting for hor inside. The door stood partly open; site pushed it ivido and entered, but she saw 110 one. With a gentle happiness sho looked around her, seeking for the picture of tho Angel of Life. Then tho blood surged to hor fneo. Her breath made a strange singing noise iu licr throat Site put out licr hands an if to push something from her. All, no ! No ! It was too horrible ! Fawcett's eyes met her from every part of the 100111. Tlio place was full of Faweett — and Fawcctt — and Fuwcett. She could not get away from the mucking eyes of tho dead muii. Ho moeked Iter dress, her bridal with Mark, Murk's ab sence. It wus useless to hide her l'uco 111 tho folds of her gown : tho pictures pressed upon her, shutting her in ulone with them, suffocating licr. She gasped for breath, and tottered forward, but tho long train cling ing to her feet hindered her. To her excited fancy it seemed like a symbol of her mar riage with Mark. Then cunie tho stab of a keen-edged thought. She had forced her self on Murk; she hud confessed the glad ness with which she h&d; regained her free dom, tind this was the way bo liad chosen to bring her sin home to her.' She wrung licr hunds./ Yes, she had been lieurtlcss; but if sho told Murk how Fuwcett hud de ceived her, would he not- fawriv"'' j She lifted her eyes, and the.v shrank back j from the face she saw. No, she. could not arraign the dead. Faweett liad been her husband ; site must protect liis name ; Imt sho could not bear this dreadful place. Trembling, she. sprang to Hie door. Before she reached it she .stumbled. Murk's amis caught her as sho fe'.i. His face was as while us hers. "Where are you going? What have you seen V" His voice was si range and hoarse. She clung to hini. " 1 1 is Faweett!" she sobbed. " You should not have done it. Oh, Murk! Oh, Mark!" His fingers crushed her arm. "l'awcett? Where?" " Hero on the walls — the canvases — every where. Oil, lioiv could you be so cruel?" Mark led her to the door, and put her gently outside. "I have nothing to du with Fawcctt. You mtist not come in to disturb iue again," he said quietly. Vf. For three duys Mark had not- come out of thu studio. Rizpali waited outside thu dour in an agony of dread, but she durod not force an entrance. She could hear him mov ing about, talking to himself as ho worked at his picture. She hud never seen it, Imt Murk lntd answered her timid question as to its subject. lie was painting the " Angel of Death." It was ulmoat thu only time lie had spoken of his work since that scene in the studio four months before. He had paused those months alone, working all day and far into thu night. Rizpah guarded the door of I lie studio, ami guarded Murk's secret, so that 110 one suspected tho fenrs that hold her. But the strain woro her, until her face mulched Mark's in its huggardncss. Aud yet the light in liis eyes when lie eame from lite studio, tho exaltation that 'conquered his weakness, gave- litr hope. His work satis fied him. His restless moods were over, llu was like a man sighting triumph, fslie shared his.triuinph in secret. When his pic ture had won fame and snetiess, tile evil spirit would go out of him, ami he would conic buck to her. But for Hitco days and three nights he hud been behind that lucked door, and she had sat ou tlio stairs iu 1111 agony of dread. Thu wood was liko a eolliii lid hiding her dead from her. But she silenced her fears and quieted (he beating of her heart. He would come out as soon nr. lie liad finished. Tite picture of Death would be the Angel of Life. It was very sii'l in the studio. She had not heard a sound Tor hours. She leaned against Hie door, her car to thu panel, but inside tho 100111 ail was silent. Trembling, she sunk down again on the stair, fie must be asleep, resting after ilis long toil. Shu watched the evening light fade from the landing window. It reminded her of tlio sunset she and Murk had watched to gether tlio day lioforo their return to Kng land. It had been tlio sunset of her life. — of joy, even of love. But she liad no regret for what she had done. Shewould have borne tho pain and disillusion of licr inar- l'iugo a hundred times over for Murk's sake. And if tliis picture were a triumph, had sho not helped towards it? Night crept round her coldly U3 she sat there seeing tho vision of Mark's fame, feeling lliu glow of .the success she hud bought for him by the sacrifice of licr life. It wus shu that had given liim back to Art. The house wus very silent. By-und-by tho noises in the street quietened down too. There was u great stillness in her heart. She woko startled." Two o'clock was strik ing fyorn every tower and steeple. The hour, boomed out on the darkness like a knell. She lifted herself, her cramped limbs hardly obeying her will. .Midnight held tho lund- ingi except where the thread of light out lined tlio studio door. A sudden feur of tho darknoss and sileneo seized her. She sprang to the door. It yielded and foil back at her touch. Thu light flooding out caught her and drew her in to its life. Her half-dazed eyes saw only the emptiness of tlio studio, and tho wonder of tho picture that faced her. Blinded as sho was, she saw its greatucss ; the Hushing power in it eonld not be hidden. Thu pose of tlio Angel of Death, the strong, awful realism of the figure, I he stricken i'orni at its feet-, leaped to Hid eve and claimed instant recognition. Rizpah stood in the doorway held and fasci nated. Mark had indeed won immortality. She made a step forward. "Mark I Mark !" she cried, with a. ringing triumph in licr voice. The hollow siieuco answered her. He was not here,' then ; she would look onco at tho picture, and then fly to him to share liis exultation. Softly sho stopped nearer, tho light on her face meeting the awful light oil thu angel's face. It drew iter nearer, nearer, until it smote eyes and brow and iips ; until tlio woman's fain changed, and was tho face of the dead. She stood in (lie eluteh of tlio intolerable tiling, mid its meaning l'rozu brain and heart and sense. I11 the lightning stroke of Mark's genius were revelation and accusation. It searcelv needed the two portraits, himself Death, ' and Faweett tlio victim at llis feet, to tell iter that Mark Intel murdered Saw- celt. She did not swoon' or cry, but she stood smitten to death. At last, in strange, tingling, innumerable points of pain the blood shuddered forth from her heart, and life returning stabbed her anew. Swiftly eame the thought: the picture linit would make Hie artist's fame would make the man infamous. Sho stag gered back and loitered away to the win dow scat, where she fell on the carved chest. Whu t. could sho do? How was slio to pre vent Jlark from jiublh'hing his crime? The picture was a confession of guilt. To l'cuson with him would he useless. He would not givo up Ids fame aud infamy, his immor- lalitv and death. The picture would bring him 'nil. But what could sho do to prevent his giving it to ilic v.ovld? lie would not listen, though silo untreated. She si rack licr clenched hand against the chest, and it fell against a knife buried iu thu carving. She gave a cry and snatched it up and raised herself from the cliest and stood a moment holding the knife, her eyes lifted, her uir sacrificial and devoted. Then she stepped io the canvas, not trembling, not fullering. From the place where he had fallen Mark's dying cyo caught the gleam of her upraised arm. Tho last sounds of life in his ear wero the scream and shiver of the canvas . under a blade that slashed and cut and thrust through, insatiable. 