Presbyterian Jubilee. ; - . Visiting Ministers. : The first services and celobrations in con nection with the jubilee of Presby terianiam iu Queonsiand were -held yesterday- Tbo prin cipal Presbyterian pulpits of the olty wore occupied by representative ministers from London, Sydney, Melbourne, and Adolaide. Some of these are referred to below. Tho ohiof event to Presbytelians themselves was the Uhited Comkunion Seeviob held in the Exhibition conocrt hall yesterday afternoon under the prosidenov of the very rev. tho moderator f ttov. DrI Knipe), who was supported on the platform by several assisting ministers. . The lOOtli Psalm opened tho service. Prayer was offered by tho Rev. John Forgnsou, of St. Stephen's Sydney. The Soripturo lesson was read by tbo Rev. W. ,S. Macqueen, fallowed by a hymn. A short sermon was preached by Bev. Professor Harper, B.D., who selected as his text the words "Jesus Christ, tho samo, yesterday, to-day, and for over." Tho treat- pent of the subject was most impressivo. The dispensation of the sacrament of the Lord's supper foUowed, tho modorator being assisted therein by the ministers and elders of tho various ohurclies, tlio moderator himself read ing tho Soripture, and tho Eov. Dr. Hay offering tho sacrainontal prayers. A short address on the words " I liavo received of tho Lord that which I delivered unto you" was delivered by tho Bev. G. Davidson,- M.A., of South Australia.' -This wns .followed by the doxology. This 'very ims pressive service, which . whs . attended by about 500 persons, whs closed by the Bev. A. J. Wade, of Viotoria, who pronounced tho benediotion. Good . service was rondcrcd by Mr. H. Knapp, ; 'who .presided at the great organ. , . iff ' , ! WICKHAM TERRACE OHUROH. ' 'Hicre whs a very , large congregation in the Wioklmm terrace (Presbyterian Church on Sithdajr morniug.i :VProfesaor Harper, of Victoria, preached ;a. fine discourse from the text; " The wages of sin is death, hut the gift of ,God ialeternal life.'/ Ho began by pointing out that, if Christians realised the ; supremo meaning which : the text had in the mind of Jtlio' apostle, their attitude towards sin would bo very different.' The text had been looked ; upon.by niany persons oh, refer- ring to physical dcat.li ; but. tbo meaning ,'whioh the apostle wished to convey was that sin would result in spiritual death or the death of thesoul, Tho prenoher in graphio language depicted the corrupting influences of sin upon tho spiritual nature, and closed a sermou characterised by much eloquence and fine illustration by exhorting his hiiarers to cultivate, the spiritual life and strengthen it by. faith in and love of Jesus Christ. Iii tho evening there was a crowded con gregation. The Rev. J. B. Meharry preached from 1 Luke xy., his address.being a study iu combination and contrast of tbo two phrases, "And. as soon as this tby sou," and "It was nieet that we: should make merry and glad for ' this; thy brother." The preacher said that the parable of the prodigal son had pat the whole world under reverent and lasting obligations; There seemed to' bo as much stress and artiatio skill and vitality laid upon every little . incidental casual word, as upon tho whole doctrine of the parable. Tho combination and' contrast of the two phrases, " this' ? thy. son" and "this thy brother," made him begin to feel what a inoroiful thing it Was that. God and nut man would judge us when this life ceased.'; Tho .Lord was merciful and hid our faiiltB in the littlo drapery called flesh. -The world's judge ment was cruel, and men- who had urged a nnm to ruin wore thei very men who pointed the finger of scorn; at him, and cried, "He was a Christian once." The : scornful con tempt of the elder brother towards the returned prodigal was dwelt upon, and contrasted with the love , of the father, who had quickly robuked his older son by reminding him that the. penitent returned sinner was his brother. 'The tee-called righteous man did not like to' think of all men as being on the same plane us himself, hut no matter how degraded a man might became lie still was a brother. Of ho man would he (the preooher) say anything worse than "He is my brotbof." Beneath the surface there woro mvstio subtle : hands binding eaoh: to ifiio other. The - judgment of-, tho ' world was . the - oontemptuouB, pharisaioal, scornful words, "this thy sou." .Tho Divine judgment was ; tho tender, " this thy; brother." When we had sinned our sin, it might be that the last point of our degrada tion was .the point of .our oommencemcnt of our exaltntion in Christ. If he should never in the providcribe of God look them' in the faco again, let hiin- fonssert that night that not the righteous did Jesus oome to call, but; He camo to scok' and 'to save that which was" ioat. ' f. " . . y." ... . During tho day oxeellont work was dono by tlio large choir, of the ehurob;under'Mr. O. H. Allen, organist.' The anthem iu tho even ing, " Sing.'bh daaghter ' of Sion,".was vory acceptably rendered. , ( ST. PAUL'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Tho Rov. Professor ...Harper, B.D., of Ormohd- College, Melbourne, was the special' preaebvy-at St. Paul's Churoli, Leichhanlt street, lastbveniug. There was an nuusually large congregation, , untdng . those iu the ohurch being his' Excellency tho Governor and the Premier, (the Hon. R.Philp). Tho musical portion of the servico was particularly attraotive; Tho nntbom," Tlio radiant morn lias passed away" was well rendered by tho ohoir, und the hymns were ' appropriate ones, tho' congregation joining heartily in tho singing. Dr. Harper took his text from tho second book of Samuel, chapter xiv.. the latter part. of the 14th verso : "Neither doth God respect any person, yet- doth he devise means that his banished bo not expelled from him." The preacher drew nn analogy between the posi tion of- Absalom, when banished by his father, David, and the man who by not laying hold of the means of graoe hus become banished from the kingdom of God. Ho pointed out that the words of tho text, used by the woman Tekoah to King David, de scribed the attitude of the Divine Being to the wanderer from the Christian fold.- He said there . was great difficulty in understanding, or estimating how much the ' ancient people of God really know abont tho" Divinity and about the religion which is revealed in Christianity. Formerly the tendency woe to think that tno anoionts knew more than they really did. The view now hold; however, ie that in their religions beliefs they wore little better than the heathen, simply regarding Him as a good man. Absalom was like the men who strayed from God. He went into u far country, among men who were of inferior race, to escape the oonsequenees of his folly; but it is not so with thoso' who attempt to get away fron; God. It Ib impossible to got away from tbo powor of God. As ouo of the poets of the Old Testament has expressed it, "'Whither shall I go from Thy spirit and whither Bhall I flee from Thy presence," Mankind was born with a perception of the Divino. Men could scarcely get rid of tho voice of the sea of infinite love which brought them hither. Graduolly, howovor, the influence of the world tends to weaken that perception and to cause men to gradually drift into darkness. It waB so easy to go into a for country. A man did hot need to be guilty of any great crime, nor to bo burdened with vice or wiokednoss boyond the average. And when men wandered into the far country it was possible for them to get so for from the Father's voice us to bo beyond recall. In that way the banished be came God's outcasts, nnd many respectable, estimable men and women have been spending their lives in going round to all tlio windows of tho soul wjiioh open to the word of tho love' of God, and drawing thorn down ono by one, so thnt they can get something that glitters, until ut tho last they attain a peuce whioh God did not give und cannot take away. But if, on the' tether hand, .men strove to work oat their aspirations of love and beanty and holiness they could then rest assured that they would sec the King's face. That was- tho message of Christianity. Why was it that ' so many refnso to acoept it, and so became oiiteasts from God? Mr, Herman Knaip presided at tho organ throughout the . PARK PRESBYTERIAN OHUROH. > The morning servioo at the Park Presby- teriun Chiirob, South Brisbane, was conducted by the Rev. J. Ferguson, of St. Stephen's; Sydney, the delegate lo tho Queensland Presby tepiuu jubilco celebration irom tlio Now'South Wales Church. . A largo congre gation assembled. Tlio reverend gentleman, who is a forcible speaker, guvo an impressivo discourse' from the text Aots iv, 13, "Now, when they saw tlio boldness of Poter and Johgj and perceived that thqywcro unlearned 1 and . ignorant: men, they marvelled, and' they took knowledge of them, that they had: been with Jesus." Peter and John, he pointed out, stood before" .us as -the ' example of tho early community of beliovers. The spirit and supreme end of the life of Peter and John were the spirit and supreme idea of tho life of the early churob. Hero we were told their boldness caused tho people to marvel at tho change wrought within them. .They hore witness for Jesus and tlio truth of Jesus before men whom a few. weeks; before they (would bavofled from in fear dud trembling. .These early believers were all changed men, and the change of life and spirit bad certain oharac; teristios. The first of these characteristics was thoir deep conviction of the prosence'of Jesus; in power. They believed in the risen Christ, and wore overwhelmed with the senso of the power of Christ "glorified. Then thdy had discovered their vocation. After the power of the Holy Ghost came upon tliem they discovered flioir calling. ' They dis— covered that they had to go forth tend follow- in the footsteps of the Master. Not only did thby feel celled upon to tench the etiiicnl doctrine of Jesus Christ, but they were to tering men unto - Him. - Hero was the great 'difference betweou Christ's mission and their mission. Chrises mission was to make inen obedient unto Himself ;' their mission ;was'_ not only i to- try to make men obedient unto Him, but to' bo obedient them; selves. Supposo these men hud lieeu m-lced for a remedy for the social and other evils of the present day,' their -answer would liavo been to -accept Christ, for' us to- be truo to His fuith, aiid "show ro telle eommunitv that ;true mon wero living ronnd it. Potbr and ' John wero said- to be bold. There was need of boldness of . 'the right sort for Christ to-dny. Some would' a£y it was not easy .to bo hold, but if wo 'sot to work proporly we wonld' discover the -right boldness us others " had discovered it.;; We must make Christ /King ;over teverything. in our .hearts ;x wo needed boldness in speaking und praying, and the boldness of living in the .spirit oE Christ. At tho .conclusion' of his discourse, j Mr. Fergusonsaid he had made en interesting- discovery ; he learned that the Rev. Thomas -Mowbray, who had founded the Park Church, had also established his own (St. Stephen's) in New South Wales in 1844. . WOOLOOWIN FRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. Rev. George Davidson, M. A., delegate to the. Presbyterian General; -Assembly" from" South Australian churoh, conducted morning service at the 'Presbyterian phureli, Woolno- .win, - yesterday, During ' tlio servioo the prencJief addressed a- few remarks to tlio gtels nud boys presoiit, taking for bis text,: first ohaptor of the (Epistle-' of St. Paul - to . the: " Colossinns, lath verse, " Who is the iinugo of tbo invisible God." Ho exhorted the young peoplo to rmid their .Bibles in ordor to learn more about their God. God's words told them of the happiness thnt is to, bo ns u reward for n good life. Tho happiness had been promised to them by -tho Christ who died upon the cross to save them from tlio sills of this world, and the condemnation for the world to come. For his sermon proper Mr. Davidson took as his text the first chapter of tbo Gospel according to St. John und tho fourth vorso : "In him was life.; and tho life was tho light Of _ raen.il - Ho prefaced; his remarks by Baying ; if tboy were to ask some men what was meant by, religion they would receive various answers. Somo men would toll tbem that it was nothing loss tlmn a political ox- ptession. used in order to make peoplo behave themselves ; others wonld say it was simply a mockery' and a sbnm and fear; tho roMilt of superstition on tlio purt oE inan. But past history proved that this was not so. Their religion was not a book religion,'' God bud revealed himself to them first by inspiring men to prepare tbo way for tho truth, and inthe fullness of time rovcaled himself through Jesus. -Christ. The. fact that Jesns Christ came to this world was not a humau inven tion, it was not a manufactured tale or .an imagination of the mind. It was a truth that had stood good after generations. 