IRISH FAIBIES. Oh oats and goblins still live and rule is the imaginations of innumerable Irish nd women, and not merely in remote place, hut close even to big cities. It is down West ward among the deep have and mountain valleys of Sligo that I have heard the best aies ana zouna tne most ardent oeiiet. There, mwiy s peasant dreams of groving rich by finding a fairy's crock of gold, and many a peasant's daughter trembles as she passes some famous haunted hillside, and : goes over In her mind the names of men and I women carried off, as tradition will have It, i to the dim kingdom. Only very recently one of these fabled robberies was reported ' to | have been attempted. A little girl, who waa at service with a fanner in the village of Grange, suddenly disappeared. There was at once great excitement in the neighbour hood, because it was rumoured that the fai ries had taken her. A villager was said to have long struggled to hold her from them,, but at last they prevailed, and he foond no- . ftiag Is Ale -bKad-lfit a Lroom&Uck;, -) The local constable was applied to, and he at once instituted a house-to-house search, and at the same time advised the people to bops all tbe bucalauns (ragweed) on the field she vanished from, because bucalauns are sacred to the fairies. Xhey spent the whole night burning them, the constable repeating spells the while. In the morning the little girl was found, the story goes, wandering is the field. She said the fairies had taken hex away a great distance, riding on a fairv horse. At last she saw a big river, and the man who tried to keep her from being car ried off was drifting down it — such are the topsyturvydoms of fairy glamour In a cockleshell. Brides and new-born children are especially in danger. Peasant mothers, too, axe sometimes carried off to nurse the children of the fairies. At the end of seven years they have a chance of reluming, and if they do sot escape then are always prisoners A woman, said still to be living, was taken from near a village called Bailisodare, and when she came home after seven years she had no toes — she had danced them off, W, B. Yeatt, t» the Leisure Hour 