AN EMINENT CONVERT. THE ABLE1T PROTBBTANT THEOLOGIAN IN DENMARK, 8WEDEN, AND NOBWAY BECOMES A CATHOLIC A very interesting event has taken place here in Denmark (writes a correspondent of the Catholic Times, July 13). The most learned Protestant theo logian in all the three northern countries. Denmark, Sweden, and Norway, has just entered the Catholic fold. I refer to the famous rector of Old Aker parish in Christiania. Norway, K Krogh-Tonning, D.D. At the beginning of the year he resigned his office, which was one or tue moat remunerative in the land, and. half a year afterwards he made his submission to the Church. Dr. Krogh-Tonning is now 57 years old. From his early manhood he has bpen an eminent theolo gian. He began as an orthodox Lutheran, but his developnvnt went on in what in England is called a Ritualistic direction. Twentv ye rs ago he pub lished an able wo3k on Confession in which he maintained that absolution as ?' a word from God to the sinner' is really in absolute conformity with the Lutheran Symbols, though completely forgotten by the Protestants of the present day. With the lapse of years Dr. Krogh-Tonning con tinued his studies and hia reputation continued to grow. He would have been made a Norwegian Bishop had it not been noticed that his views became more and more Catholic. This is to be seen very clearly in his five- volume book on dogma, the greatest work ever published on the subject in Danish or Norwegian. As the single volumes appeared one by one, it be came evident that he was gradully drawing nearer and nearer to the Catholic Church The question of the Primacy was the last obstacle that separated him from it. In particular he examined both dog matically and historically the doctrine of the, Church on grace, and pointed out convincingly that the Protestant charges about the Semi-Pel agianism of the Catholic Church are comp'etelv false This he specially set forth in two smaller works, written the first in German, the other in Latin, viz , V Die Guadenlchre und die stille Reformation,' and 'De gratia Christi et de liber o arbitrio.' His scientific development was accompanied by the growth of grace in his heart. He used to pray : ?' O Lord, teach us to know Thy will in truth, to dp Thy will in sincerity, and to follow Thy will in obedience,' and the Holy Ghost has heard his prayers. After a time spent in study and pious meditations among the Jesuit Fathers in Awrhouse, in. Denmark, he obtained the grace to follow the will of God; and he is now a very ?' happy'' child of the Catholic Church. Some of his friends had already ' gone the same way' before the learned master, amongst them Cand. Theol Sorensen, in Norway, and the writer of this little piece, who asks the readers to excuse his very bad English. Niels Hansbn, Cand. Mag. Former Protestant Rector, 