[?] THE^elcoiiM $^$i'p'l^-llsh«a in uuolliflr colurariBMr^c^Ve^Wiy telegrain laBtnigTit, 0( tbe'^iMSttife'of lUe^l&6i,%ook of ibferfenoe, etc., of tho ^tenEibn jpf Jia gilkivan line to. the Goolw^'rswjfe^yill ;Ae delight and gratinosticm Dy' 6-ir * 'reaaers,' both in tbwfl.^d4n3Jje ^Saqaiigp district. The next atep iwtll'oe the appt-opriation of the neoesary snm of jnoney to baud the line, after whiSK Btenafew.lSjill have tojbe called, 1 all of whioh we hope wiU qaickly follow, so : that (there; )^'/J^yao^ppepesBary delay, j The townspeople and_oM frienas'up'Nanftn go wftyTley^sf]jeiy ^..jfeaaotMio feelaatisfied with the inarch jbt evonts, ferntl Wo can only hope now that it ' will-not be long ere we shall be in -cloBe touch-by rail with the Nanango distriot.— ' -ThB . Governmeat so far have kept .tJieir Tf rpmiBe, , apd we feel sore that they will iaVe every reaaon in the future . to fiel 'proud'that they -weri inBtru mental in openiiffir up .eneh magnifioent country to jclose Betfl^ent., , -The jiue will mean ft- bjg .fhing. jfor^tiie. largp', farming' pop ulation already , settled ai and around the propoBeil terminus; 'and it will' also be a sou roe of .gratifioatlon to our sawcnillers and timbergettera, : who'wiU -thus be enabled to obtain -the vast quantity of timber that is at present either lying idle, or being shamefully wasted. : Lot as hope that the work donely tho tegiSatiye' Assembly 'yesterday will mean the' inauguration of that era of pros perity to which Maryborough has so long and anxiously been looking forward. A special meeting of the Maryborough Ambulance Transport Brigade was held at me uuau ueuire, uieuicai jaau, 'yesterday afternoon. Present— Messrs. E. Morey. (president), E. B. O. Corser, John Fairlie, A. T. Parrot, W. S. Sim, P. Maries, H. H. EIlwood,G. Stnpart, andF. E. Smith (super intendent), The prinoipal business was the opening and acceptance of tenders received for the construction of a new ambulance van. Alternative tenders were invited — No. 1 van, to carry two patients, a driver and an attendant ; No. 2 van, to carry four patients, a driver «and two attendants. Tho only tenderers were F. E. Whitaker and Son and Mnngomery and Oo. The prices were — Whitake* and Son, No. 1 van, Jjbl ; No. 2 van, £112. Mungomery and Co., No. Ivan, £80; No. 2 van, £95. It was ! resolved to go in for No. 1 van, and the tender of Mungomery and Co, was unani mously accepted for £80, being the lowest. A stipulation was made that the successful tenderer must undertake to deliver the van in four months, before tbe acceptance of bis tender. Messrs. Fairlie and Sim were appointed an inspection committee to super vise the construction of the van. A letter was read from C. White, secretary of tbe Biggenden Ambulance Transport Brigade, asking to be supplied with the necessary appliances for tbe carrying on of tlie prac tical part of their Brigade work ? The Secretary was instructed to reply stating the conditions that most be complied with before the appliances could be sent. Tbe Secretary further mentioned that Mr. I Barker, who had arrived that day, had brought the 40 First Aid books tbey bad ordered from Sydney, and it was decided to forward these od to the Biggenden Brigade. The manager (Mr. it. P. Jenkins) of the Maryborough Co-operative Dairy Factory has arrived, and is now in the employment of the company, looking after its interests in the way of making preliminary arrange ments, so that as soon as the machinery is placed in position everything will be ready to at once start the operations of the com pany.- A portion of the refrigerating plant has been landed, the boiler is undergoing a test in Brisbane, while the engine will arrive very shortly. Tenders are being reoeived for laying on water to the factory, and ap s k. plications for fencing-in the property will be ^ called in a day or two. The factory build ing itself is now nearing completion, and the 4 - contractors, H. Neale and Son, have oer tainly made a capital job of it. It is ex peeled that the factory -will be ready to re ceive cream early next month, and it is to be hoped tbat rain will fall in the meantime, so that a good snpply of cream will be sent forward. A contributor writes from Big genden : — ' The railway authorities are to be commended for the intelligent arrangement of their excursion trains on Sunday next. The train from Dogilbo and Biggenden to Pialba is bound to be well patronised. We understand that on the other hand a lot of Maryboroughites of both sexes intend to go up to Biggenden where Mr. Tardent and other prominent mem bers of the Biggenden Alpine Club have made arrangements to guide them to the top of the Bluff, and thus initiate them to the pleasures, dangers and mysteries of Alpinism. It is announoed tbat this train starts from Maryborough at 6 p.m. Satur day, and] returns at 12 o'clock Sunday night. The dress should be simple and light — soft shirt and holland suit — and a small knapsack for commissariat.' The Commonwealth celebrations, to take place on 1st January next, are being entered into with great spirit in the south, _ and both Bockhampton and Townsville in ' tend doing something to celebrate the occa sion. Is Maryborough to pass the day over without any recognition ? If it is in tended to. do anything steps should be taken very shortly, as there is very little time to spare, and as the inauguration of the Commonwealth can only take place once, it seems almoBt a pity to allow it to go over without some festivity, or illumina tion, or something of the sort. His Worship the Mayor has, doubtless, thought of this, but the matter should certainly be settled very shortly one way or the other. A supposed ghost.has been causing quite a sensation at the One Mile, Gympie. At one of the leading hotels there we host was letting ont several customers shortly after 11 o'clock one evening when suddenly afigurein white on the opposite side of the road rushed for a shady locality. The gentlemen also ruflhed off homewards as .hard as their legs would carry them. People were terri fied out of their wits for some days, but alas, for tbe pluck of some of our Gympie friends, it now turns '.out that-' the ' ghost' was nothing more than a girl clad in white, -who was on her way for some medicine. The many Maryborough friends of Mr. J. Bliss, who, it will be remembered, was for some yeais in oharge of the local'Recep tion House, - but who . was .transferred to \- Brisbane some time -back, -will be pleased to hear that he has been transferred back to Maryborough.- * Mr. Bliss -and bis family arrived here, during the week, and took up their old quarters. There was rather a sudden change in the leather early yesterday morning, the wind, syhich had been a warm weBterly for the two previous days, chopping round to the south east, an3 blowing in strong squalls. The temperature 'felT 'iconsiderably, and the wished-for tain appears as -for off as over. House £urnishings. — -FiknbYi Ish.bs & Co.* -always carry a Choice fessOflufBflt of; Carpets, LinolenmB, Floorcloths, Passage j Oilcloth, Mattings, Rattan : and- Bamboo Tables, Mats. eto. 'The prices ^are low for | ' reliablt makos in those olasses of goods. tided. rIsi8 .;jirivMtme^/-„^iD|^nv;'.;--f QubenBtand,'tto.ry.M8onth^Btt'2teataVid (Jnnorion Gold;Mining-Cri.'i i6oal:enp. plied, ^£4 48. 83,; viVrtifc't^oi'/plaintiff aom pany, ';\vith '6b; ^88.' costs. J). Toupg' and .Co;' j. ^Knight, ^mo^sV;TOl|;'ll-afeT sa^ Verdi^ for pliiinjiiff'firbt -wHh 5e,l;tfo8tB. Two'Otheroases'werewithdrawni ' Ma.,W. BA^B;;.^b;likejwy/BM of oar ciUzeiiB,'tpok. a triplo the ojd ccrantr jf some {months !^o xeturaod -iioinp .yesterday.' Mr. Barker, whp iB one ii ; our . leading coaohsmiths, looks patticulairly well after bis trip, ^nd.iip doubt- be has . gained a lo^df experienpie wticb ; will' bp' .for , tlie, benefit of Maryborough as far As.fhe. tfa^e in which is conoernearcV^. A MBKTnnj bfshareholders «nd « intending shareholders - in the: -recently -established Maryborough ' Industrial XJo-operative Society, - Ltd., . is advertised to-be held this evchi ngat Walkers Iiimited Jor the purpose' -of electing :a - President . and. Board; jof. Direotors, arid transacting any other buBi neBBthatmayari8e. . As illnstrating the danger of: bathing in ?the open 'river, a practice indulged in very i largely just-now, we have been - informed that sharks are often seen about -the town'! reabh. Yesterday an Ugly fellow Was hauled-: up, oyer 5 feet in length, quite large enough to do.a bather considerable damage. . A meeting was held at Gympie on Tues day nighVat which it was deoidbdto form a Volunteer Fire Brigade consisting of 20 members, and steps -were taken to at 'once get into working order. Information was brought into town yes terday that considerable damage £o. property, had been dene at Yerra Yerra and Irawarra j plantations by the prevailing bash fires. Yesterday Mr. E. H. Goodwin, of South Eolan, now oh a visit to- the Isis (says tbe Hit Recorder of Wednesday) , called at i this oSSoe and showed u« 'some bark of the native quinine tree (Alstonia, constricta) from whioh it has been demonstrated that a cheap yet wonderfully efieotive tick destroyer may be obtained by infusion. ' Bitter bark,' as It is generally known hereabouts, is abundantly plentiful along the scrub roads,' and the proportion as recommended for use by Mr. Goodwin, based on successful experiment, iB 501b. of the bark, leaves and twigs to 500 gallons of water, to which may be added a . fair per centage of ordinary washing soda, tbe latter having the eSeot of removing the natural grease from the bides of cattle, thus per. mitting tbe liquid to act freely. Mr. Good win requested us to make so . simple a remedy known to the public, and he con siders that owing to this bark being non poisonous it should especially commend itself to owners of tick- infested dairy cattle as a safe and certain means of treatment. As a tonic and febrifuge the bark is also valuable to human beings, a fact not gener ally known. At, a largely attended meeting of the South Brisbane Workers' Political Organisa tion held in the West End School of Arts on Monday evening (says Wednesday's Courier) the attitude of one of the members, Mr. J. M. Dawson, in connection with the carrying of the following resolution ' That this organisation, in view of Mr. Dawson's violation of the rule which pledges members to abstain from opposing a candidate selected by an organisation to contest an election, hereby expels that gentleman from membership, and desires to record its opinion that Mr. Dawson's action is not only detrimental to the endorsed Toowong Labour candidate's interests, but is treacherous to the movement.' It was subsequently agreed to render financial and other aid to tho Toowong workers in their present political struggle. \- Last Monday evening's meeting of the Loyal Diamond J ubilee Lodge was a red letter one in the annals of that lodge (says the Gympie Miner), the occasion being an \- official visit of Prov. G.M. 'James Marsden and Prov. C.S. George Willey, Wide Bav district, M.U.I.O.O.F. There was a large gathering of members, inoluding a goodly j number of past and present officers of local j sister lodges. After the first part of the business bad been disposed of, harmony was commenced, aDd a very enjoyable musioal evening was spent. In responding to the toast, ' Distriot Officers : Past and Present,' Messrs. Marsden and Willey spoke of tbe benefits of Friendly Societies in general and the M.U. in particular, dwelling on the pro gress tbe Order had made in the Wide Bay district during tbe present year. Speaking in support of Mr. Lilley'e can didature 'at Toowong on Monday evening, Labor Leader Browne said: Begarding private railways tbe Attorney- General had announced it was to be a fight to a finish. Tbe Labour party had accepted the chal lenge, and would stick to it. There were still five rounds. The one put through took nine weeks, and if it was going to be a fight to a finish, and they were able to stand on their legs, it was going to take at least eight or nine weekB for every round. They were doing their best , to put useful legislation through, but immediately tbe .private syndicate showed its teeth again they were going for it at once. ? 