ELECTRIC LIGHTING. Amazing Awakening. Harry and Haste. Brief Retrospect. The oitizenB of Brisbane might well exclaim with Hamlet's unole, " One woe doth tread npon another's heels," bo continuously aro they bothered, flustered, and worriod by the doings of their looal councillors. Tho latest sonvco of trouble Is tho proposed eleotrie lighting of tho eity, a scheme which seems to have suddonly hbhbed up from nowhere in particular to end nobody knows where. Still, it must nob ho thought that tho projootof lighting tho city by olectrioity is altogether a now ono ; far from it. Special circumstances have latoly cropped np which have had the effeot of hurrying it to tho forofront of municipal politics. The period during whioh the connoii has been dallying With the project covers some years during which, like Mahomet's coffin, it has dangled betwixt tho paradisaic realms of mnnioipal somnolcnco nnd tho tumultuous streets of tho oity whioh it is proposed to light. It was not until a full year ago thnt it took anything like praotical form, consequent upon tho councillors suddenly remembering that tho Order-in-Councll under whioh thoy could act was just about to give up tho ghost. Tho result was a hurried confabulation, a mounting in hot haste, and tho advising ougineer to the council was sont for by h spcciul courier who -bore peremptory despatches. Tho result of that conference is set forth in tho following re port : — JULY 11, 1899. Present: Mr. Hcsketh (Government elec trical engineer), his worship tho Mayor, and Aid. Nicol Robinson. Mr. Hesxeth said that the atreets coloured blue on the map produced constituted tho area- throughout whioh, under .the order granted to the council, supply would have to ho given in two years, Tho streets coloured red were tho .area in which supply would bavo to be " given later according - to tho provisions of the ordor. He stated that had he been nllowod to draw up a seheme on a commercial basis, the areas would havo been somowhat different, hut his instructions wero definite that tho whole of tho streets coloured blue must bo iuoluded in the first sohemc to which the order was to apply. % Asa purely commercial scheme, that is, a scheme whioh would bo most likely teynako a commercial success, ho would havo preferred to have oonfined operations in tho first instance to Queen street, Wrokham strootjfrom Queen to Brunswick streets, Georgo street, Albert street from Alice to Ann atreets, Edward street from Alice to Ann streets, Creek street, Eagle street, Elizabeth street, Adeluidcetreot, Brunswick street from Leiohhardt to Jane streets, Wickbam terraoe, and Leiohhardt street from Wharf to Upper Edward \- ' streets. For this area ho estimated tho plant necessary to feed public and private lighting adequately would (cost some £40,000, and it would bo quite two years from the timo dofinito instructions to proceed with the work were given before lighting could bo undertaken. The Mayob expressed an opinion that it would be necessary to buy out tho Gas Com pany, in order to provide against ruinous competition, but Mr. Hesketh did not con sider Buuh a course imperative. He instanced oases in which corporations owned both gas and ciectric lighting works, and how it was possible for both to he successful, if they were managed by sopnrate committees and allowed the fullest scope in competition. "Aid. Robinsojt expressed an opinion that there would ho strong opposition to any schemo of electric lighting that did not cm- braoe tho whole eity. Mr. HESZETirsaid he quite recognised there might bo a difficulty in that direction, bat until tho streets coloured bluo wero provided for, and it was found the scheme was paying its way, ho would not recommend tho council to touch the area coloured rod. In reply to questions, Mr. Hbsketh then explained at somo length tho oost of working and of plant, fee., as set forth in his report. ' Thu Mayob suggested that there mteht ho n possibility of an arrangement with the Brisbane Tramways Company, Limited, for tho supply of current, and asked if that would not he a great saving. Mr. Hhsketh said such could be done, and explained tho process, whioh would require substations for tho housing of converters nt various points, and would undoubtedly moan a great saving of plant and buildings, thus in a senso being oncaper. At a rough calcu lation, ho thought tho counoil could go into the blue scheme under an arrangement of that kind ut an outlay of £30,000 instead of the £44,000 which would be required if a com plete generating plant were obtained. Tho Mayob and Aid. Robinson both asked at about what figuro it would pay the council to take current front tho company. Mr. Hesketh said that speaking off hand nnd without close calculations he thought from 2d. to 2Jd. per unit would ho a fair thing, and if the company was . not prepared to supply nt thnt price, ho would say obtain a complete plant. As to the selling prioe, tho counoil would probably require to obtain Sd. or 9d. per unit for the first unit, and 5d. per unit thereafter. Mi-. Hcsketh then pointed out from his report what tho cost to tho council would about cumo to, and what margin of profit might bo ex pected when tho plant was working with a fair demand. Aid. Robinson asked what would he the probublo cost of a plant to provide pnblio and private lighting over tho wholo of the eity, coloured both rod and bluo, withafairdomand for private lighting, &c.; - Mr. Hesketh said that for a complete scheme of that magnitude tho oost of a plane to meet tho domand thut might be expeoted in ten years' time would be. £109, 990; bnt of course snoh a scheme would not bB under taken at once, it would simply ha a series of 'additions on to No. 1 scheme as suggested by his report. The Mayob asked whether incandescent gas burners would not prove a dangerous com petitor to electricity. ' Mr. Heskbth suid evidence was in favour of eleotrioity ; an umnunt of information on the subject had hoen collected by the town clerk of Douglas, ' Islo of Man, and it was conclusively shown that elootrio . lighting lind.nothiug to fear from gas used through incandescent burners. Iu the course of disoussion Mr. Hesketh said that work as economically as. tho counoil would bo did not think that tho generating cost with . a separate plant could in five years' time . he brought below 21d. per unit, and b would recommend thut if possible a guarantee be obtained for a supply for' thnt term from tho Tramways Company, subject to termina tion at two yoars' notice. Thus tho council -would bay a time in the event of any hitoh to make preparations to provido a generating plant. Aid. Robinson thought it would bo advis able to'have a conference with Mr. Badirer on the subject with a view to the mutual de velopment of ideas, and possibly thny might "get him to make an offer. The Mayob approved of the suggestion, and oxprcssed un opinion that Mr. Hcsketh should attend tho conference. It was agreed ' if possible' to arrange for a conference with Mr. Badger oni" Friday the 14tb instant. JULY 14, 1899. Present: Messrs. Badger and Hesketh, his worship the Mayor, and Aid. Robinson. The Mayob made a short explanation of tho purposes of tho conference, and said that ho supposed Mr. Hesketh had given Mr. Badger an outline of what was required in order that ho might he prepared to make same offer. Mr. Badoeb said that ho was quito pre pared to treat with the council in regard to supplying uurrcnt for public lighting and power supply purposes. Of course the price depended lurgoly upon the demand and tho length of term for whioh supply would ha required, but he was willing to enter into a five years' agreement 'at the . rate ,; of 2Jd. per BooriLof Tirade imit, and that wuld very largo, or the oonnoil oonld by tho use of aeoumulatora regulate the load. - In reply to the Mayor and Aid. Robinson, Mr. Badoeb said i If tho requirements were fairly uniform and tho demand vety largo, the Erlce might possibly be reduced to 2d„ hut e did not care to make any definite statement —in foot oould not. The ourront required would ho delivered by tho company to the corporation at tho boundary of the company's works, all work up to that point being at the cost of the company, nnd ail work boyond wonld he at tho councils oost. In reply to Mr. Hesketh, Mr. BAnasti stated that if thore was a very favourable and uniform demand he would bo prepared to consider the question ot reducing the rate to 2jd. Mr. Hesketh explained by diagram and reference to his report the variations in the load tho generating machinery would have to carry at various parts of tho 24 hours, and in reply to questions by the Mayor and Aid. Robinson, said that it was impossible to say at this juncture whether the provision of batteries for the purposes of equalisation would be a saving. Mr. Badoeb said that at the present stage it would be nothing short of omnisoience if one could say that. MrsBra. Hesketu and Badobb oonourred that it wonld tako at least the first fivo years to ascertain whethor it would he advantageous for the council to make snoh provision for equalising the load as would warrant the company reducing the price to 2d. In reply to questions, Mr, Badoeb said the company's present mnohinery was equal to all tho demand whioh ho anticipated would bo put upon it within the next fivo years,' but if there was likely to bo any great increase in tho demand ho should expeet to havo timely notice. Aid, Robinson asked whether — as payment was to be mado at so mnch per unit — it wonld not ho possible to fix a point whioh, when reached by the demand, shonld bring about a reduction to 2$d. Mr. Badoeb said he certainly oould do so, bnt if the counoil wished to bind bim be should oertainlv havo to protect the com- pany's.intcrest by fixing a minimum, whereas now ho was offering to supply either a small or large quantity at what ho considered a very fair figure, especially fair to the counoil. Eurtber discussion ensued, in the course of which both Messrs. Hesketh and Badger gave illustrations, of the variations in the load tho machinery would have to carry, andotherwiso demonstrated the position. Tho Mayob aud Aid. Robinson further pressed Mr. Badgor to name the miuimnm number of nnita whioh be would bo prepared to supply at 2£d., but he declined to do so in tho uncertain state of markets, and several years ahead of the time when the point he would fix could be reached. Mr. Badoeb said tho ouunoil would find themselves in a much more uncertain position if they provided a generating plant than if thoy aocepted his offer. In reply to Aid. Robinson, Mr. Badseb stated that he had quoted tho bdttom figure ; 2d. was his offer to the 'counoil, and no farther conference wonld bo of any utility if the object was to induce him to reduce that figure. It was agreed that tho term of supply referred to in these negotiations was hve years certain, terminable thereafter at two years' notice. Mr. Badger then left. Mr. Hesketh said thai since the meeting of June 11, wheu ho had given an offhand esti mate that 2Jd. per unit wonld bo a. fair price for the council to pay, he had made a careful calculation and arrived at . tho conclusion that it would bo to tho council's advantage to tako current from the comnanv oven if thov had to pay a fraction over 2$d. per unit, and in ranking this calculation he had been guided by bis knowledge of tbo conditions whioh obtained in Rockhamptou and Ohartors Towers, and of the working costs of tho Brisbane Tramways Company and the Brisbane Eleotrie lighting Company. Ho strongly advised acceptance of the Tramways Company's offer, because although the nrrangemeut would bo of mutual benefit to the council aud company, tho preponderance of advantage lay with tbo counuil on all points. Mr. Hesketh said matters had now assumed a different shape to that under whioh he had given an estimate of cost in his report, and it would be necessary for him to go again into that matter. If an arrangement with the com pany was arrived at as to supply tho sub stations with transforming apparatus whioh would be necessary would be a valuable ad junct iu eront of the council at a future date deaidiag to lay down a generating plant of ite owd, as by their aid it would bo possible to select a site for the generating works which need not be in the centre of the town, and whioh would therefore be of small cost, and in a position most favourahio for econ omical wokking. In regard to the pos sibilities for private lighting, the counoil must understand that iu the business portion of the city the Brisbane Eleotrie Supply Company would bo a powerful com petitor, as boiug on the ground and well established, and it Was muon to bo regretted that tho council liad lost the opportunity of buying out that company when the plant woe offered somo time ago. In reply to his worship tho Mayor, Mr. Hesketh stated that so far as the Gas Cam- puny was concerned, the council need have nothing to fear from competition, as with such favourable terms as the Tramways Company were prepared to give, the Gas Company, without on enormous reduction of chnrges, could not approach tho prico at whioh tho council wonld bo able to supply either light or power, aud of course if the Gus Company did reduce its charges tho genoral body of ratepayers would benefit. Aid. Robinson oxpluined that he had pressed Mr. Badger so lmrd in the matter of prices in order that the mutter might be placed definitely before tho council. The Mayob asked if Mr. Hesketh would furnish a' statement of tho saving ho antici pated wonld he effected in the capital east by taking the supply of ourrent from tho Tram ways Company, as against providing a separate plant for tho purpose. This Mr. Hesketh promised to da. The meeting then terminated. ' Post and Telegraph Department, Bris bane, July 20, 1899. His worship the Mayor of Brisbano.— Sir, — Agreeably with your request I beg to band you a revised estimate of the capital expenditure necessary to undertake eleotrie lighting to the extent of soheme in my report of July 31, 1897, that is, to tho oupaoity .of 400 kilowatts, if the supply is taken from the Tramways Company instead of from separate plant, owned and worked by the corporation. For convenience in com parison, I have followed the headings of my report as closely as possible : — Site (for transformer substations) £1,000 Buildings (for transformer substations 1,000 Boilers .. ,, .. — Pipes .. „ M — Condensers .1 .. .. „ _ Transformer and Regulating plant- 3,000 Switchboards' ,, .. „ _ 1,250 Battery .. .. 2,000 Mains and Feeders 12,500 Meters . « « - 2,100 Streot lamps . , M „ M 6,260 Internal wiring,, „ H 1;600 Total M M M ..£29,610 Say „ M — .,£30,000 Scheme 2 would be reduced hv £s nnn under similar conditions. Tho estimated cost of working -wonld, I estimate, bo rcduocd. by tho following amounts :— Fuel w. „ - .4 .. l'13d. Oil i 4 0'lGdt Wages „ i, w j-ioa. Ropaira M 0-lOd. Management M M 0'16d. 264d. as against 2'5d. whioh yon would pay tho Tramways Company for ourrent ; or a hot saving of 0'14d. per unit. This Baring ia negligeable compared with tho saving in capital expenditure. The gross result wonld be:— (o) Saving of capital expenditure, . soheme A, say .. ,, ..£14,000 (5) Saving of working expenses on estimated consumption of 164,250 units, say ,, pj (c) Saving of interest ' and alnking ' fund at 8 J per cont on £14,000, W.. .. 010 . I have, &o;,f John, Hesketh. . , ; After this . weighty v disousrion.the /eoaooil, jKiBsibly, -.wearied ».out with- enoh ..unduo.exer- just npon another year, until a fow l weeks ago in faot. Again tho death rattles of that Ordor-in-Counail admonished the councillors that it was full timo - to bestir themselves from thoir Rip van Wink- lish somnolonco, and thon tho raanagor of tho Tramways . Company and Mr. Barton, the loctfl electrician, wore invito! to submit offers of installation, Sco., to tho counoil. At this stage tho enterprising stranger appeared upon tho soono in tho form of Mossra. Wright and Rouson, who from tho far distance of London, saw the dazzling halo of possi bilities thut rcBted in oleotrio glory around this iair oity of tho southorn hemisphere. Evidontly thoy woro well "in the know," for they wont ono (and sovorul mora, in faot) better than either of tho local poaplomontionod. This is where the gonn of the present uotivity sprouted. These gontlemeu per sisted that thoy were busy men, though nohodv over doubted tho (act; they must havo definite reply to their generous offer cro tho westering sun thut day fell over tho edgo of thefar distant and diipplod horizon. Tho Mayor begged them to condescend a little pationco, which was graoiously granted. Thou councillors wore hastily summoned from Dan to Beorslieba, and with commond- able patriotism they yieldod up their Saturday afternoon to tho importanity of tho oircum- stances — yielded up that peaceful afternoon whiuh is so dear to tho mnnioipal heart and tho bowling green. At this meeting, however, feel ing ran high — its cxnet height in amperes flawing nnder an elcctro-disoussivo force, of one volt por hour has not been definitely ascertained — but it was decidedly lofty. Finally, it was decided hy a very big majority to refer tho whole matter to tho Works Com mittee in their next meeting for report nnd recommendation. This mooting wits timed to tako place at 10 o'oloak this forenoon. Now, it is to bo hopod that tlio council needs no admonition bow to aot in this matter. If they havo really decided that tho oity is to he lighted hy eleotrioity their coarse is perfectly plain. Tenders shonld he invited from all parts of tho globo,- and in this way tho very best possiblo terms and available skill can be secured. The counoil itself should certainly pause before rusbiug at any offer — (the more tempting the mora dangerous as a rule !) — no matter bow seductive. Sinco so muoh timo has been wasted, a few more months will soarcely count in the big addition. It should, also, tread very onre- fully in the matter of touching tho under taking on itB own account. Themunioipilisa- tion of publio works is not half so popular a theory as it used to bo. Tho model municipalities in Great Britain havo found .out that if speculators most needs speculate, their councils will find plenty of employment for the speculative millions, upon terms satisfactory to themselves. Thoy do not believe in playing with tho citizens' money-. As an instance of this, no better case could bB cited than tho Glasgow tramways. The Glasgow councillors wero worried by" a body of capitalists, who woro very anxious, so they said, to do the eity a good -turn, by building tramways all ovor tbo place. Snch laudable enterprise was noc to be discouraged. So the " Glnsgie" men handed over the streets of the city to the enter prising gentlemen. But upon what terms F Vory satisfactory terms indeed. - Tho whole regulations of the tram .service wero grasped with a firm hand by the councillors themselves OB a . preliminary ; the fares, dis tances, and all such matters wero ntmunicipnl dictation. Tho company had to keep all the roadways and rolling stock to the council' satisfaction, and at tho end of -tho lease granted, which had a 21 years' life, the whole of the tramways, us a going concern, became the sole nroDertv of tho citizens of" Glasi-ow ihroagh their council. Millions hnvo- bcen made nut of this wise venture, where had the council itself taken the job on hand, a cor responding loss would no denbt bavo been mado. So that if there is any truth in tho old adago verb, sap., and if there is any of that said "sup" amongst Brisbane councillors, thoy will profit by the moral conveyed. Doubtless dozens of companies and private speculators will be fonnd willing to undertake the lighting of tho eity, and if preference can ho giv'on to local people, even if a point haa to bs strained, tho action would be ono of policy and wisdom. It is upou tbeso lines thqt- tho system should be introduced, if a determination to introduco it has boon carefully urrived at. On any other lines the people of Brisbano run the risk of having to bear a crushing burden of debt or taxation, and will be completely- at thomoroy of company jobbcrsand world-wide exploiters. 