the power of drink.- |i Man Is Strong Enough to Safely Tta> per with It — Henry Wilson's Test. For he shall he great in the sight of tht Lord, and shall drink neither wine nor" stronf drink; and he shall be tilled, with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb.— Luke L 15. The might of strong drink is a subject which it is perilous to discuss. It is mightier than public opinion. It defies law, it tramples upon the rights of hu manity, it breaks every law of the deca logue, or leads to their being broken, and yet it intrenches itself in politics so that a minister touches it at his peril. Vast sums are invested in the business by professed Christian people. The profits are said to be fabulous in amount. It buys out the law and right. The range of subjects open to an honest and fear- less minister is becoming exceedingly small. The enormous evils of drink are so apparent and so utterly at variance with man's interests we would suppose that all Christian people would unite in staying its inarch; bat, alas, such is not the case. "Do not drink wine nor strong drink, \- thou nor thy sons with thee, when thou goest into the tabernacle of the congre gation lest ye die" (Leviticus x, 9). A clouded brain, a thick tongue would not then be tolerated»in the service of the Lord. It ought not to he now, either in the pulpit or in congress. God bless the man who suys that. A Nazarite was separated from strong drink. Strength wag the result as in the case of Samson no more than of Daniel Webster, who gave to his youthful training and temper ance the credit for his wonderful strength of brain, which in later years he lost through strong drink. "And thou shalt have joy and glad ness, for he shall neither drink wine nor strong drink." Drink wonld have ruined all this. The blue ribbon movement saved not only Spurgeon's boys, but saved the great preacher to the cause of temperance. We need to work this temperance business among the youth. They can be taught to. sing it and pray it and love it. Nothing can be more helpful than the turning of the attention of tho youth in the public schools. John had more than abstinence from wine and strong drink. He was given to Christ from'liis youth. Let us bring our children to Christ. Surrender them to the Holy Spirit's guidance. Nothing can match it. A child well born and raised is half converted. Wlien I went to Boston Mr. Uuiac was under the power , of strong drink. He went to the war and drank fearfully. In tho convalescent camp he . was a wreck — head tied up and eyes black. He came to hear Gough, stopped drink and became the finest temperance orator in the world. One morning, weakened in body, he took some quinine bitters in which was alcohol. It rekindled the firo which consumed his every hope and landed him on the lec shore of perdition. Henry Wilson on the other hand shows how safe a man is that refuses to touch it. vHis father and family were drunk ards. God opened his eyes. He changed his name. H5 refused to taste it with John Quincy Adams when asked to drink. "That," said he, "was my cru cial moment. I told him to excuse me, that my parents were drunkards aud if I tasted it I would be gone." John Quincy Adams sent it from the table and praised him for abstaining. It saved him and he climbed +c position of power and There is -something exhilar.-.-.g the launching of a great steamer that is fitted to brave the dangers of the deep. See her as she moves out loaded to the gunwales. Contrast it with a wreck on -tlio shore. There is this difference be tween a child reared to he temperate and one given up-to strong drink.— Ser- inon by Rev.- J. D.- Fulton, D. D. 