CHAPTER IV.-SOCIAL AND POLITICAL. Molly found Miss O'Neill a more enter taining companion at dinner than she had proved herself at tea; the conversation turning on general topics, and being sus tained by the old lady with "unflagging cheerfulness. Towards the end of the repa6t a curious iperemonial took place, which amused Molly as much as it surprised her. When, the dessert had been placed on the table, after the removal of the cloth, in good old-fash ioned style, at a sign from Miss O'Neill, tvrno had hitherto drunk nothing, though 3ier guest had been accommodated with a tall wineglassfull of claret, the butler inarched solemnly up to her, decanter in band. He was followed by one of the foot Zaen, who bore, on a curiously traced bronze salver, a large cup or goblet, seemingly of Eure gold, but which on closer examination lolly discovered to be iniaid-with a variety pf metals. It was completely covered with delicate tracery and ornamented with preci pus stones. , "This is an heirloom," said Miss O'Neill, taking it from the tray when the butler Lad partially filled it; "one of the most valuable specimens of eai'ly Irish art in ex istence. les, look at it well, my dear, and be proud of your country. See what it could produce when other nations were sunk in barbarism." "Do you drink out of it eveiy day?" asked Molly, a little regretful that such a precious relic should be in common use. "CM course I iio," returned her hostess in dignified tones. "To Avhat better use could it. be put? The lips o£ an O'Neill carry no desecration in their touch. Out of this goblet the kings of our house were wont to drink success to their troops be fore setting out for battle; in later times this was the loving cup' passed round from hand to hand in stately family gatherings. Now you and I are apparently the only representatives of our race. I drink to you, Molly." , She raised the goblet to her lipe and slow ly quaffed its contents, while the butler and footman looked on in solemn apathy. "There, my deaf," said Miss O'Neill, "you see I like to keep up tbe customs that were in use in our family from lime im memorial. .When I drink out of my old cup I am e.trried back in iuvj.ginat.on hundreds of yeais, and can fancy myself at one of tlie magnificent banquets of yore, at the close of which it used to be pre sented to the sovereign on bended knee. It is in memory of this custom that I make it a point of always drinking after dinner \--besides, it is better for the digestion. The practical conclusion to a somewhat grandiloquent speech was almost too much for Molly's gravity; and as the domestics paced majestically away with tbe empty goblet she had much difficulty in restraining .a burst of laughter. The whole thing was 80' utterly incongruous; this beautiful olu relic of bygone ages, the quaint, stately lit tle ceremonial so punctiliously gone through -and then the butler with his white top knot, the footman in his extremely modern liverv, and, as an anti-climax, the old lady s impartial regard for both hygiene and ro mance. , On returning to the drawiug-room aitti dinner, Mis 0 Neill pulled a pretty work j (table towards her, and drew therefrom not the dainty lace-work or fanciful embroidery I which would seem best suited to such den cate fingers, but a /partially made petticoat of coarse red flannel. "I like useful work," she remarked, and at this time of year the whole population of this district appear# to stand in need of clothing. Now, as you don't seem to have ?anything particular to do, you might read me the newspaper." "Certainly, said Molly, taking up her position beside lier, and unfolding the paper which was handed to her. "Begin with the births, deaths, and( mar riages, child, and then go on to the Sum ^Moily complied, and the hostess listened, j evincing the liveliest interest in the list ol j deaths, and groaning and shaking her head I ""over the marriages, in what her guest con sidered to be an inexplicable manner. "Shall I .read the Parliamentary news? asked the latter, when she had exhausted the smaller items of intelligence. ' "Certainlv not," responded Miss O'Neill, decidedlv. ' "Politics don't interest me in the least nowadays. They were worth giv ing one's attention to in olden times though. Dear, what a rebel I was once. I don't suppose any of the leaders of the movement in '48 took it more keenly to heart than I did." "Then I should, hive thought you would have been a 'Nationalist now?" remarked Molly diffidently. "Nationalist?"-with a shriek of terror ' by no means, my dear-do you want isc to mix up with all the tag-rag and bobtail of the countrv? The rising ot '48 was a very different, matter. With an O'Brien of Tlio mond at the head, a descendant of the great King Brian -1., no one, even of the first family, need have been ashamed to take an interest in it.'" ...... , .. . Here "she laid aside lier work and walkea over to" the fireplace, extending her trans parent-looking hands to the blaze, but gaz ing over her shoulder at Molly. "There was a noble act in view then; the re-establishment of ancient rights, the pos sible restoration of a throne lone laid low. Many believed that an O'Brien of Thomond would again rule over the land as in former Gays. Now this is purely a movement of the people, and as such I cannot counten ance it." , This was spoken with as great an as* sumption of dignified importance as though a Magna Charta were waiting for her Sig "But perhaps some members of the really old Irish families are mixed up with this movement," suggested Molly, laughing. She held no very pronounced political- opinions herself, newsjwpers being aanongst the luiu Ties taiioocd by her aunt, but was desirous of prolonging the argument, being vastly en tertained by the old lady's views. "That depends on what you call old 'fa .inilies.' child; the 'term is sadly misunder-' stood nowadays. People who can trace their ancestry back for a beesjarly tiiree hundred years or so, set up to be of long descent-why, the Cromweuians will be cal ling themselves old families next! As for the mushroom aristocracy of the*=e "tinlVs: my dear, there is nothing angers me bj much as their ridiculous pretensions-as if half their titles did not come out of the beer-vat or the whisky-still. Eeally it ?would be laughable if it were not so an noying-the wife of any ci-devant publican or chandler, who has enriched himself by fostering the Vices of the people, or. who, on some auspicious occasion, has chanced to be lord mayor, Styles herself 'my tedy,' and ia entitled to walk out of <a room before the ecion of a princely race." The .waimth, not to say acrimony, with which this denunciation was pronounced,' intimated that Miss O'Neill was smarting tuider the recollection of personal wrongs. "There are few really old families in existence now," she went on, after a pause, "nearly all the blue blood has been drained out of the country, or else so much inter mixed with the Saxon strain, or so mud dled up with the 'roturier' element, that it is good for nothing. Why, that very list of ma it ia gee that you read just now, was enough to go- to one's heart-O'Brien® and O'Moores. and O'Tooles and MeCartheys, allying themselves with Bradys, and Ro binsons, and Birches. The old names have no meaning in them now-as for blood, it's wy belief that with the exception of what flows in my reins, there is not a drop of undiluted lilood in Ireland." 1 After this xuodes't .- announcement Miss ' O'Neill returned to her seat, but suffered her work to" lie on her knee, while her liauds were folded idly pn the top of it. "This is a subject that I have very much at heart," she resumed, looking suddenly ; at Molly, and detecting the ghost of a i smile on. her face, "in fact, I may say that j I have devoted my life to the consideration of it. The country is going to ruin. Old customs are forgotten, old relations broken, the old stock rapidly vanishing from tli<; land; new wants and new grievances hav^ arisen before the old ones were redressed, and with nil this there seems to be a re volutionary tide spreading over the country which threatens to sweep awa" our few remaining landmarks. What is to bs done?" appealing to Molly, as though the fate of the nation depended on her re sponse. "It seems, to me that the only thing to save Ireland now is for the rem nant of her ancient nobility to make a stand, to rally round their country, to con quer existing evils, and restore former good. If there are grievances to be redressed, who so fit to enquire into them as these, whose ancestors haw lived and died for Erin? If the people require leaders, let them be led bv tlie descendants of the chiefs who marched their forefathers to battle! Le: these, their lawful rulers, live amongst them, and interest themselves in them and teach them." "Yes, but will they?'' asked 'Molly, as the old lady paused for breath, her cheeks flushed, her eyes flashing, her delicate nos trils dilated with excitement. "Ah, there you have touched the root of all our evils," she replied. "Many of them will not. They are foolish, careless, degene rate-they do not see things in the light that I do. Even my own fath§r, though iu him there was no "lien element to iu terfeie with the traditions of our race, even he spent nearly all his life abroad, and cared little for either people or property. Hut when I succeeded to the estates I swore I would devote my life to tliem, and I did. I resolved only to marry one who, with a name as noble as my own, w.;s imbued with like principles. None such coming forward behold me-a spinster of this day. My life has been full, however, and indeed, I have been glad many a time not to be hampered by family cares. I have been un usually lucky, too, I must own, for a year or two after I inherited the property I was left a large fortune by-some one I should perhaps have married'had he been my equal iu rank. With this money I -cleared off all incumbrances, improved the condition of the people, and, iu fact, was enabled to carry out my favouiite plans. You will judge for yourself of the working of them. As you may see, 1 live in a certain style" -glancing round the luxurious room-"per haps t-oo much so, you "may say, for a single old woman; but I have a two-fold object in view. Not only do I keep up the state necessary to uphold my position and add weight to my influence and authority, but 1 give employment, and benefit the com munity at large. Nothing comes inside my doors but what is of Irish manufacture, or at least procured from an Irish firm. I have taught my people to apply to me ia all their -difficulties, to refer to me in all their disputes; I make mvself acquainted with the circumstances of the very poorest amongst them, I sift their grievances, 1 en quire into their woes; and I entertain large ly, that my fellow-couutry folk of .higher rank, encouraged by my success, and led on by my example, may be induced to put plans like mine into execution." Molly pondered much over her new ex perience during the evening, and, even after retiring to her four-poster, could not rid herself of the impression produced by the strange, vivid, puzzling personality of her hostess. So much so, indeed, was she under this influence, tli.H on at last falling as.eep Miss O'Neill in the guise of a queen per vaded her dreams with a gold crown' on h:r silver locks, and wearing a regal mantle of red flannel. 