MURIEL'S ATONEMENT, IC02ITZET2S ZN THIS ISSUE.] \- : BY CLARA MULHOLLAND, Author of ' A Striking Con trnst, ' ' Kathleen Mavourncen,' &o.-;, &o.; [COPTJUOHT.] ? HAD been feeling far from well for gome time. Asharpnttook ijSjgs—iJ of influenza, followed by a still aharper InK. A touch of poeEuooQia, n . . [?Kiv©\ weakened and ft lj* vVs' depre»8edme. II Hi wU' Change of air and seene, with plenty of %ii variety and amuee jt*J^'if mont- wii absolutely f /l /j nooeiwary for mo,tho doctor declared. If did not get this jj . soon ha feared the — ? - ? opniiquwooi. 1 smiled'' Badly, and \- looked at my mother. 'We are not rich, doctor. My father could inot afford to take us all away, and to go any : where alone would be too dreary.' ' ; ' Most certainly, and not to be thought of ' tor a moment.' ^ ' Then I must *tay at home,- take my tonio, nnd hope for the best.' And I heaved a deep »igh, little dreaming of tha delightful invitation that was even then on ita way to mo. My mother's only sister had married a ? Wealthy man without bnSihess or profession. \- They had no' ohildron, and as they were both fond of travel and excitement, had no nettled home. They wandered here, there, and ? everywhere. And often for a year or more, we had no idea whether they were in Europe; India, or Amerioa. Eight months had now elapsed, sinco my Sunt had last written, and it was therefore With extreme pleasure that I (tho teryday after tiie doctor's visit) received a letter from her, announcing her arrival in London. She ' and TTnole Tom were tired of roaming about, she said, and had mode up their minds to stay in England for the next two or throo jeurn at least, and hod rented a furnixhed house in Yorkshire, where they intended to reside as . much as possible. ''We are anxious, for once, to spend a happy_ English Christmas,' she wrote, 'and ? have invited a number of friends to oorne to us both before, for, aad aftor that time. Wa ? are to have constant relays of visitors all through the winter. Our first arrive on Docember 8, so you must meet us on the seventh, and travel with u'« up to Cleevo Hall. I will expeot you to stay all tho time, as I must have someone young and pretty to help me to entertain my guests and make things pleasant. So be sure you oomo without fail, ? dearest Celia. Tall your parents, with my love, that they must do -without you for ono Christmas. ? t ' .?». % 'Your loving . 'Aunt Cabby.'. \- ; 'PIS. — Be sure you bring plenty of i-mart . frocks, as we shall be moro than gay. I ? * enolose ohrqno to covor all expenses.' This was delightful. The very thing j wanted, and most joyfully 1 set to work to prepare for my visit. This, thanks to my aunt's generosity, I was able to do in a magnificent manner, and on tbe day mentioned her, I left tho rectory with a trousseau the like of which I had never dreamed it possible to possess, and with which I was perfeotly enchanted. Tho journey into Yorkshire was accom plished with ease and comfort ; and my nunt, unole, and I arrived at Cleovo Hull in excellent timo that afternoon. Wo looked out eagerly ns we approached * our now abode, and a* wo drove through the old wrought iron gates, up. a long avenue, we Wore tilled with admiration. Cleave Hail stood in tlie midst of a fine park, and was surrounded upon all sides by noble oaks, tall limes, and statoly waving firs. It was an irregularly built, but picturesque, mansion of red brick,, with large bay windows aud wide balconies. Tha lawns wore well . laid out and planted with suoh a variety of beautiful overgroons that even in tho dusk of a December afternoon the placo did not look as desolate and dreary as one would have expected. Inxide. tho house was luxurious, ? ond was furnished throughout with such excellent taste that my aunt and uncle were delighted. That evening we dined alone, and as I was weary and tired after my journey and unusual excitement I bade 'Goodnight' early and retired to bed. My room was a curious ono, and 'my feelings upon entering it were not altogether agreeahlo. The bed, which stood in an aloove. was draped with blue silk curtains ; the walls were hung with tapestry of quaint design ; a large bow window, very high from the ground, with a perfect staircase of steps leading up to it, ocoupied *11 one ond ; whilst a handsome wardrobe of inlaid satin wood filled up the other. Several candles burned brightly upon tho dressing-table, but their light was not sufficient to illuminate the distant corners, and I grew somewhat nervous ss I peered into their unfathomable depths. ' Grandeur is wot always pleasant,' .. I said .with a shiver. ' I was more comfort able and happy in my own little poorly furnished room at home than in : this fine 'chamber.' Then, laughing at myself for hieing so slHy, I hurriedly msdo my preparations for the nigrht, blew out tho oandlos, and orept into . For some time I lay watching tho firelight : upon the walls and coiling, and then a drowsy numbness stole over me, and I fell asleep. ? But all at once a noise like the. tapping or fluttering of a bird, against tho windows ? startled me, and I sat up agitated and op p itemed. The room was. bow in completo dhrknesa. Tho flro had died down in the grate ; the window onrtaina wero olosely , drawn. Then suddonly, out of the gloom, sur- , rounded by a halo of brilliant light, the figure .of a young girl, olad iu a simple white j dress, a blue ribbon ground hoi1 waist, camo , gilding softly across the floer; ond stood at j the foot of my bed, gazing ait ' ine with sad, ^ aweet appealing eyes. . . , \- I tried to speak to' her, -but my tongue clove to tho roof of my mouth, and no sound i came forth, as I marvoUed; who sha could bo, , and how she had entered the room. The door was shut, the window fast bolted. But , as I wondered, her lips parted, and in a low | but distinot voioe she whispered, j 'To-morrow you will meet ono who has Buffered much. You will know him by his pale, proud face, and melancholy eyes. I £ oestroyed-his happiness— you must- restore it. f Be kind — be kind.' 1 I gazed at her, trembling, and tried to , speak ; but ere I could reply hor form faded, ? bectune shadowy, indistinot, then vanished, leaving the room in darkness as bofore. I felt siok and faint. A oold perspiration 1 Stood upon my brow, and I lay with dilated eyes staring into the gloomy corners, afraid to move, afraid ajmost to breathe — wondering 8 who this strange vinitant oould be, and how f she hnd managed to enter my room. Then gradually my terror subsided. It f was one of the servants playing a trick, or J walking in her sleep,, I told myself. Sho ?must have entered by the door whilst I slept. To- morrow I would complain to the house- * keeper— and better Htill look the door— and ' then I need havo no fear. _ Agitated and excited I tossod from sido to side upon my pillow, the strange words I hud fl just heard ringing in my ears. v 'It is absurd — I will think of them no v longer, ' I oried. 'And I shall take good ?ore novor bo hear them again. A girl in tho 8 habit of sleep- walking should be watohed, and not allowed to wander at will . through a J1 house at- night. I wished I dared get up and *' follow her. But,' shivering, ' I dare not. 1 ? ' And then, at last, utterly-'-^ rn out, a X fell asleep once moro. . ' .b When I noxt owolto,. tho morning sun was Ehming brightly in at tho window. The * eurtaias hod been drawn aside; my bath 0: filled ; ray walking dross laM rrady upon i ohair. My aunt's maid had evidently beei in, but had gone away without dlsturbim me. . Surprised, that I should have slept si soundly and so long, I sprang up and dressing hurriedly, ran down to the dining room, where I found my nunt and unole be ginning breakfaxt. Aunt Carry and I npeuta pleasant moruin; wandering over . tho old. house, and main aud curions were tho things it contained. 'This, now. isaoharmmgroom.' oried m\ aunt, leading the way into a small inne: drawing- room. 'This I shall keep as mj own particular sanctum.' ? ; It was a delightful littlo boudoir, panellsr in whito wood, a wide oriel window, and i finely-carved chimney-piece ooverod witl exquisite old ohina. . Over the 'fireplace, framed into the wall, was a vory beautiful!) painted portrait', aud I started and trcniblec as I met tho sad sweet ores of the girl . wh- had appeared so 'strangely at the foot of mj bed the night before.' 'Whv, child,' said Aunt Cany, 'on- would think yon had seen a ghost. Thai pretty portrait seems to alarm and fasoinaU you. Vou look quite 'pale.' 'WhoufsheP I gasped. 'Does she liv« heref' ? 'Certainly not, and who she is I cannol tell you. Some daughter of the hou*e. But wo took the place through' an agent and know nothing of the family. She looks oharming, I think.' ? ' Yes — very.' , ' And this embroidery, Celia — isn't tt ex quisite f And this piece of Sevres f Oh! 1 must fetch Tom to look at this.'' Andss my aunt went away to find her husband, I sank upon a ohair, my eyes riveted upon the pic ture. Then hearing my aunt and unole re turning I eecaped upstairs. On the first, landing I met Aunt Carry's maid. . 'I have takea your things into a smaller and pleasanter room, Miss Celia,' she said. 'Your aunt thought the one you slept in last night too big and gloomy/' ' Oh, thank you,' I oried. And with a sigh of relief I followed her into a charming daintily furnished little - room, looking out upon tho flower garden. ' I shall say nothing of what I saw or dreamt last night, ' I decided, looking round roe with pleasure. 'Ishtill be happy here and sleep peacefully. They might laugh and jeer — perhaps tell the guests as they arrive — and that I could not stand. I shall forget tho whole thing as fast us lean.'' . At tea time thut afternoon a mor'rv party gathered together in the old oak panelled hall, and I was duly presented to tho newly arrived visitors. When I hnd recovered from my first shy ness, I looked eagerly, anxiously round the room. Tho company includod persons of various ages. There were elderly matrons and thoir husbands, young girls, and several unmarried men. But not one corresponded with the description given to me by my ghostly visitant.' There were dark men and fair — many jovial light-hearted fol lows — and ono or two- with an. air of. blase discontent. But nowhere did I see the 'pale proud faco with melancholy eyes.' Upon convincing myself of this, I heaved a sigh of relief, ana laughing at my folly in thinking soriously of what must have been a dream, I joined in the lively ohuttor that was going on uround mo. That evening I put on a pretty white silk, with a bunch of scarlet bnrrioN at my breast, and run down to the drawing-room boforc dinner, feeling woll pleased with myself. I was looking cjuke my bast, and reflected with a satisfied smile that at all events my aunt would have no reason to be ashamed of her niece. ' My dear Celia, you really look oharm ing,' was Aunt Carry's greeting as I entered. ' Mr. Goring must take you in to dinner, and seo that you are extremely nice to him.' 'Mr. Goring, auntie? Who is he ?' J cried in astonishment. No one. of that name had. as far us I knew, arrived that afternoon, and I could not think whom she meant. But. at this moment my aunt had to attend to her duties us hostess, and dropping into the back ground, I stood watching our guests as they came pouring in, one after the other. But no one appeared whom I had not seen at tea time, and I decided that auntie had made a mistake in tbe name, and meant one ot the genilemon wborn 1 hnd already met. Quite satixfied with this explanation of hor words, I was talking to a lively young American lately arrived from Now York, when 1 1 card my unole say s ' We are all a ss« tabled, Carry. I trust they will not keep us waiting for dinner.' 'No, no; it is not time, 4yr. And Mr. Goring has not come down yet ; arrived late.' Another guest 1 My hands trembled, and I let my fan slip from my fingers. Mr. Barnes stooped to piok it up, and I looked quiokly towards the door, which at that instant npened to admit a tall, spare, and extremely refined-loolaug man. He hurried across to my aunt, with outstretched hand. ' I am to norey, and apologise ,jirofq«ely, ' he said iu a dear, sweet voice. ' But my train was late, and I did not arrive till after the dressisg-boll had rnng. I trust you have not waited for mr P' 'Not at all. Yon are in excellent time, Mr. Goring,' said my sunt, smiling upon him, and from h'rr manner I saw at once that fhis man was a favourite. ' Celia, my dear, may I introduce you to Mr. Goring?' shr continued, drawing me forward. ' Mr. Goring — my niece, Miss Lindo.' He bowed, and a* I looked up and put my hand in his, my heart stood still, and 1 trembled and grew oold as death. In the pale, proud faco and handsome, melancholy eyes of Mr. Gerald Goring I felt sure I saw the man whom ihe apparition pradioted I should mest, and to whoia sha' had beg^ad m» to b* kind. During dinnor Mr. Goring did not prove a' lively companion, and it was with a feeling of intense relief that I rose up and followed the other ladies from the room. That night I slept littlo. I was excited and ill at ease. When I put out the lights and got into bed I luy open-eyed and breathless, noping, fearing, dreading that the apparition would again show itsolf at the foot of ray bed. But it came not. ' Perhaps the room makes a difference,' I ?aid at last. ' I hope so.' And fitsll asleep. Next day I scaroely saw Mr. Goring, as he atarted early for the moors, and it was too iull and danb^ir the ladies to join the shoot ing party at ItDoheon. In the evening he did not sit-near moat dinnor, and-'as I watched him surreptitiously from' the far ond of the table, I noticed that he spoke but seldom, and ivas absorbed and preoccupied. 'The man has a sad story,' I refieoted. ' I wonder what tt isf She said she had do itroyad his happiness and that I ? ' You are Uxucing at Goring, I seo,' re narked my neighbour, Mr. Barnes. 4.' Isn't ib a melancholy fellow? I' wonder' what's ;ho matter P' I stprted and blushed deeply. I was innoyed to be onught watching one of my luntra guests, and the man's words irritated ne. . ' I guess he's not what one . would coll n ady's man,' he continued. 'He was quite ively on tho ' moors, : but tho moment he ipproaohed the house a cloud seemed to fall ipon him.' ' . 'At the thoughts of fnoiug the ladies ?' 'Perhaps. At all events in tho house bo is illent, depressed ; out of doors he is quite food company. Have you known him long?' ' Ouly since last night. My uncle and lunt mado his acquaintance at Monte Carlo wo years ngo. They say he was quite lifferent there.' ' Then it muBt bo the air of this old house hut disagrees with him. Perhaps ho has seen t ghost. 'A ghost !!' I sank buck with a littlo cry, ns before mo icomod to riso tho shadowy phantom in the vhito, dinging dress; and the sad wail of her roice rang once more iu my ears. ' I destroyed his happiness. You must re toro it. Be kind — bo kind.' .' You aro ill, Miss Lindo. Take a little fine. The room is too hot,' oried Mr. Barnes, n muoh distress. 'No, no; pleaso don't notice mn, or ttract my aunt's attention. It is rather hot, nt it is not that. I ? ' 'J had no idea you wero so nervous. It ras foolish of mo to talk about ({hosts, and, f course, it's all noiieenee.' » 'Oh, of.conrso,' I cried, recovering my 11 Holf-jwssession. ' It was not — but see, my -? mint is going,' and I sprang gladly to my n feet. . Tlie noxt day was one of brilliant sunshine and hard frost ; so woro tho three suoceeding \- days, and then tho ice being declared strong enough to bear, tho younger members of tho l' party cet off together to enjoy a Jew hours' 1 skating npon a lako, in a beautiful demesno iome miles away. f ' Aa I seated myself to put on --iy skates, r Mr. Goring suddenly appeared at my side, r . ' Allow me, Miss Undo,' he said, smiling. Surprised boyond measure, I gave him my 1 -kates, and I oould scarcely believe my eyes t when he went down upon one knee bofore mo, 1 and deftly fastened the straps. And when ho , stood up aguin and asked me to take a turn f with him round the lake, I was still moro 1 astonished, and very thankful that, having \- «pent two winters in St. Mori tz, I was by no r means a poor performer. Mr. Goring was nn excellent skater, and as \- we skimmed lightly over tho ioe, he unbent as t lm hsd never done bofore. Ho was a delight, - ? ,ful companion, and as I glanced at the clean cut, handsome features, the pale, dear skin, ' the short aristoora tic lip, and animated in telligent faoe, I marvolled more and moro at t the gloom and depression from which ho usually suffered. After this, the days flew by in quiok suc cession. The fine frosty weather continued, and we spent most of our timo on tho ico. Visitors came and went at Oleeve Hall, but Gerald Goring still lingered on amongst us. He talked Frequently of going, but was always persuaded fo prolong his visit by my annt and unole, who appeared to have con ceived a strong affection for him. And I P When he was near I was blissfully happy ; when he wandered from my side and talked or walked with anyone else, I folt ! -»iviou8 and dissatisfied. Whon he spoke of leaving us my soul was filled with anguish. His smile was_ more to me than anything in the world, its very rareness making it tho more valuable. So the days wore on, and on Christmas Eve some of my friends and I went off together to decorate the village church. 'Many hands make light work,' and in a short timo our wreaths wore hung, our plants and flowers arranged to our satisfaction, and we wandered ont of the church amongst tho old moss-grown graves. Presently I dropped behind, and, oarelcss of where I sat, sank down upon the grass tirside a pretty white marble riionument, and almost unconsoiously I read the short inscrip tion : {?acred to the Memory _ of Muriel, Aged Nineteen. 'Poor thing; how young I' I sighed. '? But perhaps, aftor all, she was saved from a world of pain.' A hand was laid upon my shoulder, and, looking up, I Haw Gerald Goring, white and agitated, standing before me. 'Come away,' ho eried. 'Oh, oomo away !' I rose at once and followed him out of the churchyard, and in silence we strolled away across the lonely moorland. ' Mies Lindo, ' be said after a time, 'how was it you came to sit near that grave P' ' I cannot tell ; chance, I suppose. I felt tired, and sat down without looking where.' ' uuo unii^, u mo st oangerons thing to sit out of doors at this time of year. But do you — have you ever hoard that irirl's history ?' ' No ; I never saw or heard her name till now.' ' Ten years ago,' he said, with emotion, ?'she and I were engaged to be married.' I Btarted round, and looked with oyes full of pity into his pale, handsome face, but I made 110 remark. ' I loved Muriel passionately, devotedly,' he_ continued. 'She was very lovely, a dainty little thing, with eyes of the purest 'due, 'and hair liko spun gold, growing all over her pretty head in a myriad of tiny curls. But sho was self-willed, and could not bear to »e crossed in tho smallest thing. Her parent# irere wealthy, and had all her life humoured hor smallrst whim. Eight months of the yetw ' rhev livod nt beautiful Cleovo Hnll ; tho rrmaining' time ' ** Iu Cleeve Hall P Oh, Mr. Goring, wftfl 4ig ono of the Leighs ?' Ho bowed his head. 41 Mr. Leigh's only child. She was killed bj a fall from her horso before my very eyes.' '* Hour terriUe ' Torrihle, indeed ! And all the more bo when one remembers th&t; her death was caused by her own folly and peryerseness. In j a fit of childish bravado she one day insisted upon jumping a fence, which X assured her was dangerounly wired upon the far sido. ' 1 1 can easily clear ifc, and I will jump : it,' she cried, and away she went. 14 Oh, God !' he murmured, *4 how plainly X see it all — the lovely pouting* lips, the defiant pose of the golden head as she flow past me on her spirited little mare ; then the awful crash — the sad hours beside her as she j luy cold and dead upon the ground* whilst lhe prroom went in search of a oarriage in whioh to convey her baok to the hall -the lu*fc days- — the funeral— and my heart-broken departure from the old house — from which Z went vowiug never to return.' '? -And yet you came,' I whispered through my tears. '? How you must have suffered !' 41 Suffered ?' be said, turning suddenly and looking straight into my eyes. MYes, at first.' I He paused abruptly, ? and. stoo^ingr. I gathered a piece of heather and plaoed it in i hu buttonhole. *? I met your uncle and aunt .abroad, as I dare say they have told you, Miss Lindo, and we became fast friends. They knew nothing af my utorjr, ss when thoy took the hall, they at race invited me to come to them, Mrfirit inclination was to refuse. ^1 hesitated. Some thing drew me to the old place, and I eame. In the houKe I was depressed, miserable. Tho thought of Muriel haunted me. I saw her at every turn, and I resolved to go. But go I j could not. Something compelled me to stay. I As tho days wont on I grew more peaceful, i In the open air — with you, talking to -you My heart beat tumultuously, and I dared hot raixe my oyos. ' I gradually became happier. A weight seemed lifted from my heart. When you were near I forgot paitt troubles. I folt able to smile— to laugh. I seemed to grow young again. Old memories faded. Things that used to pain mo did so no moro. In the boudoir hangs Muriel's portrait, aud I havo looked at it without a pang. I ? ' ' ' Muriel ! Oh, then, It wns she,' I I criod, ' who came to me and told mo 1 J reuognisod hor at onco when I saw tbe por trait.' And I stammered out a full descrip tion of tlio apparition that had visited mo upon the night of my arrival at Cleove Hall. ' Hbw marvellous I' ha murmured, with oUanglng oolour and in an awe-struck voioo. 'Di d you see her more tbim onoo ?' ? 'No, only onco. And I was nervous, over- wrought. The Blue Charobor is big and gloomy.' 'The room in which they laid her,' ho covered his faoe with hishands, 'at tho last.' 'It may havo boon a dream — a — a fnuoy ? ' '?No,' he answered, solemnly. '.Yousaw sweet Muriel — of that I tun convinced. But why did she come — to you ? Did sho speak ?' 'Yes,' with crimsoned cheeks. 'She- she told mo I should meet you — doucribed you accurately.' ' How strange 1 And oh, Celia. wns tha'# all?' ' No, she told me to bo kind to you.' ',My darling, elie wished to atono.' Ho caught my hands and held them tightly within his own. 'And you havo helped hor by your kindness. But, 0I1 ! Celia, can you love me '{ You have heard my story, know how 1' have suffered, how my happiness was wreolted— win you — will you trust yourself to me?' I raised my heud and li oking up shyly into his faoo, I whispered : ' Yds, for I love you, and long to sea yon happy.' ?? My lovo, my wife, you shall,' ho cried; and drawing 11111 to his lirrit^t ho scaled his promise with a kiss. 9 _ ? ? ? Scientists my that the orange wns formo^y u berry, and tlitit it has beeu developing lor ' over 7,000 years. ? _ — 