RUSKIN'S APPEARANCE. A long head, with enormous capacity of brain, veiled by thick wavy nair, not affectedly lengthy, but as abundam as ever, and darkened into a deep brown, without a trace of gra.y, and s'jort light whiskers growing \ high over his. cheeks. A forehead ;iot on ihe model oi the type, but as if the sculptor bud .heaped, his clay in handfuls over tut'eyecrows, mid 'then heaped more. A big iiOEv, aquiline, and broad at the base, wii'n gr«tf thoroughbred nostrils, and the " Beptuou" beLwecn ihe'ni th'iu and deepiy denresstd ; and there wua a turn down at the cornera of the mouth, and a breadth of tc*wei* lip chat remindod one of his Verona griffin—half eagle, half hou : Scotch in original type, And suggesting a Bide to his character not all milk and roses. His dress cousisted of a " stiff, blue, frock-coat, prominent, hnlf-stardhed ■wrb'tbands, and tall collars of the Gladstonfan type ; and the bright blue frtocir, for which ovvry cue knows for his hVralrtic bwu'lng ; no rings or gowii,RWS, but' ft" long thin sold chain to bis wfi.eh—-a pJ.Uh old EagHsh - gentleman, neit-htr m.ihi»uabie-dondy nor'artistic moiin tebanlt.'* - A.s to the main tragedy of h!« life (says Mr. Coll'Hßwootl in " M. a. P."),, 1 necl ouly repeat the discreet and tasteful allu sion to it, in the life of-Sir John MMlais, by his son. Everybody knows that Lady Mil lais was first married to Mr. Ruekin. On 3rd July, 1885, John Everett Millate was married to Enphemia Cbalraere Gray, eldeet daughter of Mr. George G<ray, of Bowere well, Perth. Mtee Gray had beefl previous- • 1-y married, but that marriage had been a-n -lii^ll-c.J, In ISM, .00 '.ground's «anciion«<l e%iirtlly by Church an,i State. "Much of Ruskln'M.money—proibably tuoai— ivas given to gr^at g^blic oljjeci& ; but he was geiicrcua beycn« fileaeure and beyooi'l fatJgue tj private ue^d. The recent light thrown on tho Ufa of Diuite Gabriel Roa3tti ehowa that if it had not been* for the gen-firoerty of Ruskin he pro-babfy w.ould nover have. been ible ta xoach hi« great fame. To Miss Slddal,' who was first the inspiring angel, and then the haunting and dovastalins ghost of Roscttl's life, Ruekln was a 'friend bo lofty, on.l chdvalroua, and pure that the whole story mrafces one rhink Jh^ bettor of all humaai nature. 