loanstPe Protestant Gathering THE REDWOOD LIBELS. AN ENTHUSIASTIC ASSEMBLAGE. The Masonic Hall was crowded to excess last night, when a meeting was held to pro test against the recent utterances of Arch bishop Redwood, in which Protestantism was assailed. Mr. David Miller presided, and there were also on the platform:--The Rivs. J. Crookston, R. H. Bowles, R. J. Thomas, J. Downey, B.D., J. S. Austin, E. Fox, J. Foggon, Chas. Whyte, M.A., George Black, Riding, Messrs. Rothwell, Garroett, and officers of the Ladies Orange Lodge, and Hlir. J. Palmer, District Master L.O.L. Following Is one of the paragraphs in Dr. Redwood's sermon, as ofilcially .published, that occasioned the holding of this meeting, and the great gathering held in Sydney Town Hall on Monday: "The leaders and founders of Protestant Isnm, Luther, Calvin, Zwlnglius, &e.;, were notorious for their vices. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live in a state of pitiful abjection and contempt; they re ceive little or no consideration or respect frol the people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaching. Among Pro testants the most effectual means of sancti fication have disappeared- abstinence, fast ing, mortification, confession, communion, he. Both the Greek schism and Protestant ism have rather obstructed than promoted true civilisation. The first has brought despotism upon the East, the second cover ed Europe with blood and ruins in. the six teenth century, and has ever since been the helper and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the home, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devastated the school, and stopped the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek.sehis matics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. No examples of heroic virtues, no saints in their ranks at all comparable to the martyrs and mis sionaries of the Catholic Church; and they have never been able to obtain the sanction of a miracle for their work and their doc trine." The Rev. J. Downey read apologies from the Right Rev. Bishop Stretch, Dean of Newcastle, Revs. WV. Swindlehurst, W. F. James, C. Bice, W. Bain, C. T. Way, D. Fraser, I.A., and P. J. Pond. In his letter of apology Bishop Stretch stated: "I have to thank you for your in vitation, and after very careful considera tion I have decided that I cannot attend. I do not see that his Excellency the Go velnor could have acted otherwise than as he did. In Australia all religions are on a footing of equality. None has any advan tage, and, if so, none must be under ally disability. The Governor, as Governor, knows nothing of distinctions 'between re ligions. He has only to consider whether a function to which he is invited is of suffi cient importance from a public gint of view to justify his attendance. I tmink he de serves our sympathy, in that a rather mean advantage was taken of his courtesy. But it is not the first time, and I do not sup pose it will be the last, that the same sreacher has shown that his canons of taste differ from ours. When that is said, I do not see that we can say much more. We shall not succeed in changing his opin ions, and I do not know anything of the man which causes me to attach any parti cular importance to his judgment. It reads like a sermon tag, that had done duty be fore. We do not expect complimentary re ferences to Luther from a Roman Catholic orator, and we are not likely to get them. I really do not think we should lose our heads when a man says exactly the sort of thing Roman Catholic preachers are in the habit of saying. It will not be possible to make him recant, and we are only busily advertising his singularly unfavourably es timate of us. We have got to learn to live together. We?are all in one country, with absolute equality, and the right to hold and express our own opinions. But if we all do, I fear the country will not be big enough to hold us. Magna est veritas, et praevalet. While this is my own opinion, I do not pre sume to seek to impose it on anyone else. I thank you for your courtesy, and spe cially for your visit, whicdh was to me a great pleasure." The chairman explained that the object of the meeting was to strongly protest against the attack made on Protestantism by Dr. Redwood, Archbishop of New Zea land, at St. Mary's Cathedral on Sunday, the 9th inst. He called upon the Rev. R. MI. Bowles to move the first resolution. Rav. R. M. Bowles said that it was too late in the day to make apology for de fending the sanctity of their homes. and it did not become a Protestant to defend his faith. They had listened to aspersions against the Anglican Church. against their naval officers, and had repudiated them. The time had come when Protestants, who were men, when Protestants, who felt that those aspersions must stop, should rise in their strength and demand that they should cease. He wvas sorry that there was not a dignitary of ,the Church of Eng land on the platform to move the resolu tion. He was sorry, because at the great meeting in Sydney on Monday evening there was an Anglican clergyman who had the courage of his opinions. (Applause:) lie (the speaker) belonged to an order (the Loyal Orange Lodge) that swore fealty to her Majesty the Queen. There was no more loyal subject of Queen Vic toria than an Orangeman. (Applause.) In this colony they were a democratic peo ple, permitting every reasonable liberty of speech and action, but when -they saw a man doing a wrong thing they rose to speak against It. Their excellent Governor, representative of her Majesty the Queen, had given his patronage to a church that was antagonistic to her 1Majesty's religion and to ,the religion of three-fourths of the people of the colony which her Gracious Majesty had chosen him to govern. tHe had much pleasure In moving, "That this public meeting of citizens of Newcastle expresses its surprise and regret that his Excellency 'the Governor, as representative of her Majesty the Queen, and his Worship the Mayor of Sydney, have by their pre aence in official state and uniform, lent the sanction of their high offices to the core monies connected with the celebration of High Mass on the occasion of the opening of St. Mary's Cathedral on September 9th." The thin end of the wedge had been inserted by the Roman Catholics before to- day, and it would soon be driven home unless Protestants took great care (Ap plause.) The Cardinal and Archbishop Carr had both condoned the sermon preached by Archbishop Redwood. In fact, they made light of it, the Cardinal stat ing that it was a storm in a teacup. They would teach the Cardinal that the storm was not in a teacup at all. The Cardinal had been striking at Protestantism for the past 10 or 15 years, hitting as high as the high dignitaries and as low down as the missionary steamer John Wfflhams. (Ap plause and laughter). Protestants wished to live peaceably in this country, but the R.C.'s ecclesiasalcs had hit below the belt, and they would strike back effectively. (Applause.) .It -would have ,been better for Arch'bishop Redwood to have steered home to New Zealand to look after those Marlst IBrothers who were reported to have mis behaved even amongst the boys and girls of their school. (Applause.) In seconding the resolution, the Rev. J. Downey, B.D., said that it was with great pleasure, pride, and satisfaction that he stood before such a 'large, enthusiastic, and represenotatlve Protestant gathering. An attack had been -made 'upon Protestantism " by their separated friends," which he was prepared 'to meet in the same spirit that Cromwell's Ironsides met their oppo nents. By their action .the 'Roman Catho lic ecclesiastics had revivetd the contro versy between Catholicism and Protestant ism. A mean, cowardly, and unprovoked attack had been made upon the religion which t~hey held dear, and upon the cha racters of those who led the Reformation to Its triumphal issue. He fully endorsed all that had been said by the mover of the resolution regarding the action of 'the Go veroer. The Rev. Chas. Whyte, MI.A., moved, "This meeting further protests against 'the assertions reported to have been made by the selected preacher, Archbishop Red wood, in his official dedication sermon re lating to the moral character of the lead ers of 'the Reformation and the effects of Protestantism upon civilisation and moral ity. It declares those assertions to be litbellous in character, contrary to histori cal fact, and repugnant 'to a community enjoying the inestlmfble blessings ithat the Protestant Reformation hsas secured to our nation and the world." In movIng the resolution, iMr. Whyte said he was con 'idn;ed the words uttered by Archbishop (Redwood did not voice the sentiment of the majority of Roman Catholics. There were many among their friends in New castle who 'belonged to the 'Roman Church, but who, nevertheless, were disgusted with the attack made on Protestantism. It had been said 'that Luther and Zwingllus owere notorious for their vices. Protestant sm nvould not admit such a charge. He sad traced the quotation attributed to lMacaulay, and found .that, like all others put forward by-Roman Catholics against the Protestant Church, it had been wil fully distorted. The emissaries of Rome were repeating history in hurling these ac cusations against the early leaders of Protestantism. It had been said that the Protestant religion furnished no mission ary heroes. That was untrue. We could point to them by scores. He would not deny for one moment there 'were no Pro testants notorious for their vices. But the Protestant Church admitted everything and concealed nothing, whereas. the Romish Church closed every door and con cealed all from the light of day. In order to understand the real workings of Roman Catholic institutions on the Continent 'they should read certain articles recently pub lished in the "Contemporary Review," which were truly horrifying. The Rev. J. Crookston, who delivered an eloquent address, said that he felt per fectly sure that there were many right thinking Roman 'Catholics in the city and district not at all in sympathy .with the utterances of Archbishop Redwood. tHe had made it his business to see two or three 'Roman Catholics, and speak to them. 'f those he had spoken to spoke the truth, they were not in sympathy ''with the utter ances of the New Zealand Archbishop ; woere really sorry that Protestants' feelings should have been hurt; and did not won der at the indignation of Protestants. 'Many of them h'ad 'Roman Catholic friends, and he considered that it would be a great pity for differences and bitter feeling to be engendered 'between 'Roman Catholic and 1Protestant neighbours. He had in his heart a feeling almost of repugnance at saying one 'word that would wound the feelings of a Roman Catholic brother. lut there was now nothing left for 'them-lf they were men-but to rise and protest as men against the cruel slanders uttered by Archbishop Redwooad against their faith. (Applause.) For more 'than 150 years the slanders had been silenced because of lack of proof. The same 'thing had occurred recently --old slanders had been re vived. Archbishop Redwood's ser mon bad been prepared for a purely Roman Catholic audience. It scentmed a wonderful thing that the Roman Catholic Church should hurl such slanders ngainst the la-lers of the Reformation. Of all people in the world the Roman Catholic Church should be silent on the subject of morality. (Applause.) Burckhardt in his diary. had given a description of the im morality of the Church at St. Peter's, in Rome-such as he would not be able to mention to a mixed audience. They were not there to blacken the character of their abusers, but to protest against the blacken ing of the characters of men whose memory Protestants revere. (Applause.) Cardinal Moran had endeavoured to draw a red her ring across the scent, by speaking of the storm in a teacup. They lhad been told some very remarkable things by Archbishop Redwood with regard to the morality of Iuther, Calvln, and Zw-inglius. The latest Roman Cathollc biographer of Calvin said that he admired his literary excellence, great commanding :Influence, and hls.con sidcrable talents-but said nothing against his moral character. He (the speater) 'knew nothing against Zwingllus' moral character. The most serious thing said against Calvin by any Roman Catholic of rtute was that he entered too much into the politics of his day. Protestants did not mean to say that either of the three Refor oantion leaders mentioned was without his iafirmity. But in the time in which those men lived they were opposing a veritable sea of iniquity. It was wonderful, consider ing that, that th tey steeood out the men that they steed out in history. (Applause.) It was wonderful, considering the awful cor ruption of their time, a seething mass of immorality pervading the world-spreading like a wave from the Vatican, and extend ing all over Europe--eand these three re formers wading in it, that they came out of it with their garments clean. (Cheers.) Did they wonder that Protestants stood there to make a protest against the slanders Ibrled at these three men. Could theyfall to admire and defend the names of those men who had taken from them the cruel shackles and fetters of Rome? (Cheers.) "Protes tantism against clvllosatlon"-forsooth ! In the 15th century Bishops and Cardinals in assembly condemned the voyage of Christopher Columbus, on the ground that the world was fiat. In 1898 the Bishop of Madrid sent his blessing to the Spanish troops, Put them under the protection of all the Salnts-and promised Invulner ability against tbo United States bullets wonderful progress!-(npplause)-from the 15th century to the 19th century! Did tiey not know as a positive fact that the liLtle Netherlands, as soon as they came out from thos~e bloody wars, and were released from the thraldom of Rome, began to make pro gress. (Applause.) Great Britain, ns soon as she came out of the thraldom of Rome, began to make progress, until now she was mistress of the seas of the whole world? (Cheers.) Sho\l him any place under Ro man Catholic sway that was makling pro gress in civilisation. (Applause.) If they ;lanted to see progress they had to go to Protestant countries. (Cheers.) The eakeltor said: "I can stand a good deal; but when a man touches my home, touches the purity, and nobility, and chastity of my wife, I fight; and I should be less than a man if I did not stand up and make my strongest protest." Their protest that night was against the slanderous attack on their Protestant homes. (Applause.) They would find as much purity and, sanctity, and all that blessed life in the Protestaut homtne as in any other. (Cheere.) He did not wish to make coma-risons. The maill who touched the purity and sanctity of their homes touched their hearts. (Applause.) Another slander was that Protestantism prevented the progress of science. In reply to that he could say that the Church of Rome had to-day the sane old state, the same old intolerance, the same old perse cution, as it had at the beginning. (Ap planuse.) The spealker concluded: "I have made my protest in the name of my church, in the name of my home, and in the name of my Protestant faith, and it is with great pleasure that I second the resolution. (Pro longed applause and cheers.) The resolution swas carried unanimously. Rev. J. E. Austin said that a short time ago Cardinal 'Moran had attacked Protes tant missionary work and cruelly slander ed other agencies of Protestant ,work. He .was 'there that night to protest against the attendance of the Governor and Ilayor, of Sydney at a Roman Catholic Mass ir? their official capacity. He also protested against the slanders contained' in Arch bishop 'Redwoo's sermon regarding Pro testants and their religion. He had to deao with the Jesul'tism of the matter. By, eliminatihg the slanderous statement fromn his sermon and allowing .the full text of the sarmon to be psublished, Archbishop Redwood had been guilty of acting a lie. The authorities of the Roman Catholic Church had endorsed the slander by pub lishing the sermon in full in their deno minational papers, and also by refraining from publishing a disclaimer. Subsequent ly Cardinhl Moran ecxplained that the re marks complained of were not meant to apply to the Churcth of England. No one would believe -such a statement :for one mo ment. The fact was, Archbishop Redw-ood was mot brave enough .to include the re marks In ihis sermon, but had them print ed neart day. The Governor could not feel the matter very deeply when four days after the slanders had been published he entertained the maligners at a gardern party and danced attendance upon those who had slandered Protestantism. The climax was reached when Cardinal Moran said he had kept his promise that nothit would be said during the conference to wound the feelings of any. Cardinal Morana had promised missions for "the separated brethren," and which 'would shortly be es tablished in the colonies. The ,mission oi, the rack, the thumbscrew, and the stake,' were most in harmony wwith the spirit of the Cardinal. They knew the history of Rome In the past, and the statements made at 'the recent congress showed elderly that no 'tolerance could be expected from Rome. If the Romish Church did not disclaim the statement 'they stood blackened in the eyes of the -world.. 'He urged them to let their love and charity to their Roman Catholic 'friends abound as freely; as over, but at the same time turn their face to the foe, and for ever fight against a power which would undermine the Em-. pire, and the very Throne itself. He moved, "That this meeting expresses its abhorrence amd condemnation of the tactics pursued by Archbishop Redwood, and countenanced by, the authorities of the Roman Catholit Church, in publishing the statements ob jected to, as having been made in the pre sence of his Excellency the Governor and other officials, and without protest on their part: and in view of the denials given as to the utterance of these statemecnts by his ioneor the Chief Justice, tihe Right Hon. G. H. Reid, P.C., and others present, calls upon the authorities of the Roman Catholice Church, as honest and truthful men, to withdraw these statements from the pub lished official reports of the proceedings, and to publish a disclaimer in the datly, press." The Rev. George Black, in seconding the retolution, dealt seathingly with the action of Lord Beauchanmp in lending official ro cognition to the Catholic celebrations. Had it been a gathering of simple people, for. instance, the Labour orgaulisations, would his Excellency have attended in a tweed suit, much less a Windsor uniform?. (Laughter.) The assertions made through the press were cruel slanders. He cared little what people said of his religion, be cause they could not hurt it. But when the opponents came to them and said in effect that their wives were but their mistresses,, their children illegitimate, and their whole lives impure, because the blessing of Rome -communicated by a fat prlcst-(laughter) \--was wanting, it was time to hurl back the hideous lies which had been circulated. He had much pleasure in seconding th'e re-. solution, which was carried unanimously. The Rev. R. J. Thomas moved, "That the foregoing resolutions be forwarded to his Excellency the Governor, the Mayor of Sydney, and the Secretary of State for the Colonies." The events of the past few usonths, and particularly those of the past few days, showed elearly that the Church of Rome was seeking an opportunity for ex Iansion, and that as a church the same ar regance and, bigotry were bhown as had. been manifested in the history of the church in past centuries. The Rev. W. Riding seconded me resolu tion, which was carried amid applause. A vote of thanks to tile chairman, and the singing of the National Asthem, with cheers for the Queen, brought the Droceed' igs to a close. 