THRE SATURnDA, DECEMBER 8, 1 900. Be Just and Fear Nol. THOSE who thought that a ' slump in khakee' had set in must have been dis appointed-agreeably or otherwise-by the demonstration in Melbourne the other day, when a number of Colonial soldiers returned' from the seat of war. Those who fancied Victoria had. forgotten the heroes she sent away with such 'cldt and enthusiasm months ago are now seen to have been mistaken. The feeling was not so evanescent, after all. Even after the Mafeking-day saturnalia, and the subsequent disillusion that rather be clouded the fame. of Baden-Powell's comic opera ' defence,' there was still left sufficient faith in Israel, and sufficient war- fervor to make the return of our heroes an occasion for widespread excite ment and rejoicing. In many senses this is creditable to the people, for it shows they are not only loyal to the Empire, but-which is better and more important- loyal to themselves and con sistent in their enthusiasms and exalta "tions. In itself, this rejoicing-this generous adulation of those who risk their lives and suffer hardship in the wars of their country-is a praiseworthy sentiment. Yet it scarcely makes for that consummation for which we all pray so devoutly, or pretend to-the abolition of war. That consummation will never come from the rulers of the people-it -must be brought about by the people themselves ; but at present the people unthinkingly allow the glamour of the battle to cloud their better judgment. There is hardly a man living, perhaps, who is not stirred by the sound of a drum and the measured tread of an army-who does not thrill to the recital of Homeric strife. Yet how many ever dream of analysing this emotion or of tracing it back to its-remote origin ? In the stage which the evolution of the ht man organism has now reached, strife of any sort has still a baleful fascination for the mind, whilst an act of heroism per -formed by a soldier on the battlefield is thought more of by the many than is an act of heroism performed by a civilian ih the street. A moment's reflection, how: -ever, is sufficient to reveal the fact that this feeling-this passion for war, which we must admit has still its noble side-- is merely a survival or relic of the bar ,barons ages, when every man had tb ight and -conquer, or perish-to murder or be murdered. Far away beyond the dawn of history, far back in the dim twit light of tradition, not long after man ha4l evolved from the animal into the human, and articulate speech had been invented: self- preservation being the one dominant instinct, strife became the sole business of men's lives; and the traits and feel. ings then developed have survived until our own times. That this inherited fierceness-is beginning to weaken for the" want of exercise, and that it will event ually die out completely is manifest to all who think. War at one epoch was necessary to. develope the race and to prepare the way for civilisation. In the c beginning war was carried on between individuals; then between famiili' s. After a time families combined and intermar ried, and formed 'a tribe or clan ; the clan mride war on its neighbouring clan. Then the clans themselves combined, and the nation.-was born. War continued, but on a larger scale, and with more of fore thought and science in its.conduct. Such of the nobler virtues as existed were fostered by war, insofar as they were necessary to the existence of the tribe or clan. To prevent itself from being de stroyed, the tribe had to be strong; to be strong, it had to be united ; to be united, it had to obey the Golden Rule. The tribes which were most temperate and moral, most loyal to themselves and to their chiefs, became the strongest and most successful in war, and the nations formed by such tribes became the most powerful. Patriotism and loyalty were thus the offspring of the primeval strug gle for existence and supremacy, and at first they were confined to the family, later to the tribe, until at length, as in our own day, they extended to the nation. Extension weakens these sentiments as regards the nation; and as mankind progresses they will be transferred to hu manity at large. War was also the means by which people were dispersed over the earth, by which inter-tribal and international commerce was first brought about ; by which civilisation was ad vanced at an epoch when perhaps nothing else could have advanced it. When war had done all or nearly all it could in this direction, religion took up the task, at times working independently, but often in conjunction with war. The latter, having acquired a sort of vested interest in human-nature, still retains, by heredity, a strong hold on men's imagination, and thus it comes to pass that the warlike spirit persists, and will persist, long after it has outlived its utility. Civilisation no longer' needs war for its advancement; as a matter of fact, that once useful means now operates as-a retarding force -it must give way to science and the spread of knowledge. Only in savage and semi-savage lands is war necessary nowadays. Wars made by civilised na tions on barbaric races are usually bene ficial. to the latter in the end, for they liberate the -conquered people from the tyranny of- their own rulers. Savages resist, without knowing that they are fighting against their own emancipation. But, though war is still useful in bring ing 'the backward peoples into line with civilised ideas and ending barbarous sys tems of rule, armed strife between the civilised nations is nothing less than an abomination and a crime. France and England went to war with Russia to prevent the latter from dealing with Turkey, thus employing war to defeat its own legitimate ends. That conflict is now universally admitted- to have been a huge and costly blunder. Russia should have been allowed to sweep the ' Un speakable Turk' before her as with a flail, and scatter him over less choice parts of Asia, even as chaff at a winnowing. RRussia has since gained by diplomacy all that the war prevented her from gaining then, and the horrible massacres of helpless Armenians-to say nothing of the terrible slaughter and misery of the Crimea-would have been averted. However, we live in a transitional period. The best amongst us recognise that war is an evil; and this can only be a pre monitory sign that our posterity, near or remote, will have no more of it. War certainly cannot be abolished by Act of Parliament, nor even by international agreement; but it will gradully become an obsolete institution, like idolatry, ghost-worship, and other superstitions ; like cannibalism, poligamy, slavery, etc. All these things at one time or another had their advocates who fought for them to the bitter end with religious zeal, and suffered martyrdom in their defence. The Creator is prodigal of time-hence the slow gradation which marnks the advance of the human race. But the leaders of thought-the elz~e of humanity-have already decreed the abolition of war; and they are mightier than all kings, though the latter have their little day of so-called glory. Far distant or near, the time must inevitably come, when the dictum of Daniel O'Connell, that 'no political reform is worth a drop of human blood,' will be accepted in practice as well as in theory. 