CHAPTER XX. It is a glorious morning-no trace now in earth, or air, or sky of the storm of three days ago. But at Seafield Farm the old shadow still broods, growing darker and darkei, or so it seems to me. No letter has come from George Eden, and Judith is beginning to lose-heart again -not in fear for him now, but in a pique that is daily growing into pain. I cannot make her take his palpable desertion lightly. It does her no good to tell her that they were not engaged, to remind her that, after all, he was only a boy, did not know his own- mind, would actually soon forget, like other -boys. These sophistries do not stisfy her. She thought George Eden cared more for her than that-was not too much of a boy to be constant to her and she will not be comforted. I blame him very much, for he was not such a boy as not to know he was making love to the girl, but I blame myself for having ever coun tennaced such dangerous nonsense. If I had not been complaisant, Judith could riot have granted him all those meetings on the shore, could not have sat listening to his whispers in the twilit parlour. But I never dreamed of any danger to. her. 'If there was any heart to be broken, I con eluded it was George Eden's heart; and, with some small malice for his-having over looked my own particular charms, Ifelt that I should not greatly pity him, always sup posing the heart- break to be only a slight. one and perfectly curable. Bht the blue eyed, frank-faced sailor-lad has turned the tables cleverly upon us both, and, if Judith has been made the greater fool of, it is cer tainly through no superior discretion of mine. If Curll Gresson is triumphant at the ful filment of his prophecy and the desertion of Eden, he at leasts keeps his triumph to him self. He never inquires about him, and we never vouchsafe any remarks on the subject Alice is sorry for Judith's sake, but I do not think she misses the young fellow as,much as we do-as how indeed could she ? Lud low Gresson' sometimes asks " if Judith has heard from him, but always with a little contemptuous look. I think he used 'to imagine we both made too much of George Eden, and are rightly pun ibhed for it now. .. As for BramblelHall and its inmates, they might be a hundred miles away, for all we" see or hear of them. I do not go near the woods now-never even so much as cross thu river. ' I am beginning to be very angry and to wish T had given Rous Liddel. a very different answer when he had asked me to be his wife. Probably my too-ready acquies cence had disenchanted him ; probably the gift so easily .wou had palled. upon him al ready ? So I torment myself, going over and over again that short wooing, every word of which I remember so well. The domestic' atmosphere has not cleared at Seafield Farm, but there has fallen on the house a kind of lull, a pause, which seems to me to me ominous. Curll never speaks ; Alice never speaks. Ludlow and I keep up a constant quarrelling, but this is more to break the oppressive silence than that we care to speak to each other. Miss Fleming is too depressed to enter into cori * orsation in public, but in private she goes over and over the old story with a sameness which wearies me, but to which I submit since it seems to afford her some consols- I tion. Cruizer never comes back again for the best of reasons. One day I come upon the poor brute's body, thrown into a ditch down in the meadows, and. I wonder who was cruel orough to take away his life. But I do not mention my discovery, and, however he has met his fate, there he still lies, all his silky brown curls sodden and draggled, and his poor oarcase bloated and horrible, in the stagnant water under the willows and the matted water-weeds. Alice does not ask me why my lover does not come to woo. I suppose she knows that if I knew I would tell her fast enough. And I begin to lose my appetite, and to mope a little ; though 1 am not going to give in like Judith. . As for her, I have no patience with her. If George Eden has forgotten her, surely she ought to have suffi cient spirit to put hun out of her head i It it comes to pass that Rons Liddel deserts me in like manner, I shall not make such a donkey of inyself ! My Desmond blood will be up, and I will at least take care to keep the fox concealed even if he i. eating out my heart ! On this June morning I have almost re covered to say good-bye- mentally-to Reus Pierrepont Liddel, and to let him trouble my maiden peace no more. I think I could do this-bury away the last week out of my lif', and comport myself as though it had never been. Could I do it ? Would the dead week, "stiff and stark, draw me to hear in the dark '? My mind mind misgives me, as I wander under the June leaves, under the meadow hedgerows, carefully eschew ing that one deep ditch where the willows dip into the still water, and where next year the water-weeds will be green with a richer growth. Poor Cruizer-poor faithful dog ! It would be well if men-ti?d women too would borrow a little of the fidelity and long suffering of thy kind ! Musing thus, with a sadness not too well suited to the June day I am disturbed by the sound of my own name, shouted un melodiously by the dairymaid Susan, who stands, with her apron over her head, wav ing.her rod arm to md from the top of the field. ' What's the matter ?" I cry, when I have leisurely come within hail. ' Yeaour wanting in the house. Th' old lady from over, she be inside looking for you.' ' Mrs. Liddel ? ' ' No less. For pits's sake, miss, do smooth your hair and straighten yourself a bit ! You looked crackit like, with your hat all a one side i And she be that par ticular, I heerd the maids say, over I She'd notish it if you had a pin askew ! ' 'Marvelling much what Mrs. Liddel can want with me, I -walk with the careful Susan back to the house. Outside the door waits the carriage with'tho long-tailed colts, and old Gwilt in his tarnished livery. I do not pause to ' straighten myself' ; it can make no difference what she thinks of me now. She knows what manner of girl I am very well; the smoothing of hair or the setting into decorous order 'of hat or dress will not alter her opinion. I feel just a little nervous as I open the parlouyr door. iMrs. Liddel is standing in the middle of the room, leaning on her gold-headed cane, Alice at a little distance, also standing, rest ing her hands on the back of a chair. I am sorry I was not in the house when Mrs. Liddel arrived ; I would not have allowed Alice to appear before.her in that old black calico gown. ' Here is my cousin,' Alice says ; and the ol.l woman turns round stiffly, and, holding out her hand to me, draws me close to her and kisses, me. 'I would have come before,' she says, still holding my hand, and gazing sharply into my face-' I promised to come at one once-but .the bad weather and my own failing health prevented me. And now I want to take you back to Bramble Hall, my dear-will you come ? ' Her words are cordial enough, but her manner is icily cold. ..What means her son has used to wring this promise from her I do not know, but I do know that she has not been in any great haste to fulfil the promise, and that the - fulfilling of it is very bitter to her. ' You are- very kind,' I mutter, wishing she would not look so hard at me with' her sharp.black eyes. ' You have promised to be my son's wife. It was very good of you. I hope you :will make him happy.' - , ' I hope so,' I murmur again. ' I think a good wife -is the thing most calculated to make him so." I" often wished be would marry-very often.' She sighs-a bitter, regretful sigh. Alice looks at her, and I leeook at Alice. Thire:is on my cousin's face an. indescribable ex pression of scorn .and dislike; but Mrs. Liddel does not see it-does not glance at her. . ' My son has been away for the last week; but I expect him home-slhortly; I dare say however, you already know more of his affairs than I do, Miss Desmonde.' I do not know whether she is - sincere or not in this speech. I only know it makes moe wince a little. She is still devouring me with her black glittering eyes, and I wish from my heart this ordeal was over. Ane ?. A lxp ill anat snenle s h-n nnlv stmancle there likea ghost, gazing from one to the ether with a face which looks as if it were carved out of stone. 'If you will got ready to come with me, I will wait for. you in my carriage,' Mrs. Liddel says, and drops my hand. ' Won't you wait here,' I ask, pushing forward the most comfortable chair in the room, and glancing reproachfully at Alice. S'No, thank you. I would prefer being out in the air,' Mrs. Liddel answers, with a shake of her hooded head, and a half- scorn ful, half-curious glance round the dreary little parlour. Then her eyes meet Alice's, and the curiosity intensifies as she takes her in from head to foot ih one eompre honsive.glanco. 'I should never have known you, Mrs. Gresson,' she says coolly. 'I am sure of that,' Alice answers quietly. ' The best friend I have ever had would scarcely recogaise me now.' ' One's best friends forget one sometimes,' the old woman sneers, turning again to me. ' Remember that, Eileen Desmonde. When your pretty face grows old and ugly, it will be forgotten too. Give me your arm, child, and I will go out to my carriage. The air in this room suffocates me.' The malicious smile dies out of her I wrinkled face ; her large gaunt features take their old stern look. Leianuing heavily on my arm, she bows ceremoniously to my cousin, whose face has grown as white as ashes, and walks out of the parlour, and along the passage, slowly and feebly, and from thero, with the united aid of Gwilt, mvself, and her golden-headed cane, into the ancient drab-lined coach, the crested door of which old Gwilt shuts after her with a pompous bang. ' Old cat I' I mutter disrespectfully, turn ing back into the parlour. Alice still stands where we have left her, her hands on the back of the chair, her head thrown back. The steny look of scorn and hatred still on her face. ' You don't mind what that: disagreeable old woman said, Alice ? ' I exclaim, putting my arm round her. ' I hate her I' Alice says, without looking at me. 'Ihateher!' -' But why should you hate her, Alice ? I wouldn't be bothered hating her, if I there you. Why should you hate her? ' Ali, why indeed ?' my cousin echoes vaguely, stares out of the window at the black horses and the hearse-like o'.d coach, which shuts the blessed sunlight out, block ing up the window. 'It was a sad come-down to her to be obliged to come here a'ter me,' I say, with a little malicious triumph. ' I am glad she had to do it, Alice ; aren't you ?' ' It was a just punishment,' Alice mutters, with a slight inflection of scornful triumph in her voice. But who was punished, or where the justice lies I do not plainly see. ' I wish you had smartened yourself up a bit before you came in-she's such an ob servant old thing,' I venture regretfully. 'You could make yourself' look so much better, Alice, if you would only take the east pains with yourself ! ' ' It does not matter. She sent for me, and I came just as I was.' ' I would have let her wait till I was ready.' ' I let hir wait a good while. But you had better put your things ' together, Eily, or she will be tired of waiting now. - Come up-stairs and I will help you, dear. I am glad for your sake she has come at last.' 'I run into Judith's room to wish her good-bye, but Ileave Alice to tell her all the rest. I think she guesses something from my face, but I have not time to answer her wondering questions. Neither Curll nor his brother is about the place, so I am saved the trouble of wishing each good-bye. And, after all, I dare say I shall be .back at the farm in a week or less. I don't suppose X['s. Liddel will want to keep me longer than that. And so, with a beating heart, I step into the lumbering old vehicle and take my place opposite the mother of my future hu's band, to be coldly stared at for the space of Lime it will take the long-tailed colts to trot soberly from Seafield Farm to Bramble Hall. I pray that it may not be long. I am beginning to think that one might pay too dearly for even Rous Liddol's love. A shadow seems to have come over the ex ceeding brightness and glory of the June morning. oven more. gloomy than the shadow of the Bramble woods ander which we are driving. The thought of Rons Liddel makes me intolerably happy, but the keen b'ack eyes piercing me through and'through from under those gray eyebrows keep my exultation within sober limits for the present. I do not think my life at Bramble Hall will be all ' beer and skittles' by any means ; but perhaps some such drawback as a mother-in-law was necessary to prevent me from losing my foolish head. Just now I feel like a small bird under the eyes of a basilisk, and can do nothing but smile a sickly smile whenever my glance encounters that cruel scrutiny. Perhaps it will be better by-and-by. Just now I can imagine her rathbr disliking me than other wise, since I have upset her own pat scheme with regard to her son. Rut I.. will do my best to overcome that inevitable dislike. I .will do everything that I can think of to please her. I will make her love me better than she could over have loved Lady Cecil Pierrepont-because I will be kinder to. her than Lady Cecil over would have been. I have been three days at Bramnble Hall, this evening Mr Liddel is expected home. He has been d,layed in Loidon longer than he looked for and has written once. to his mother since, but never to me. It is exquisite weather ; all the roses in the old-fashioned gardens are in full bloom ; in the woods the air is full of the fragrance of lilac and syringa and honeysuckle ; from the upland meadows come warm delicious breaths of new-mown' hay. But I roam in neither meadow ner woodland-old Mrs Liddel supervises me too carefully for that I suppose it is for her son's sake that she wearies me with so much care, with so many directions, wvith suoh constant espionage. I may not wear this, I may not wear that; I must read improving books, and sew in the mornings ; I must wear a veil if I go out in the sauusine ; I must walk instead of running; I must practice regularly every day WVith all thesearostrictions, my life is rapidly becoming a burden to me, and yet I dare not rebel. One thing only I stoutly refuse to do, and that is to brnsh my -hair smoothly away rrom my toreneaa. Airs LiddeL says that only barmaids and shop girls wear it so ; but, while I wore it so, Rous fancied me ; and so I will wear'.it till he himself tells me to change the fashion of. it. So I tell his mother boldly ; and with a shrug of her gaitnt shoulders she waives the question till Rous comes back. But by means of such trifles as these lMrs. Liddel makes me feel how very far short I fall of her ideal, and manages to6 fke a good deal of the spirit of enjoyment out of me, if she fails to destroy my innate self-complacency. Lady Cecil Pierrepont is still at Bramble Hall; aud, thotigh she has never by word or look betrayed to me one shadow of dis appointment, I can see that her manner to. wards me is changed Her cold eyes are always criticising ; there is always a half pitying sneer on her lips when she looks at me. She makes me feel awkward who am not awkward by nature ; she makes me feol-miserable, taking av?sy the happy ex pression which is the. chief charm- of my face. I wish Rous would come back, for ha would take my part against these proud cold women, who are jealous of his having chosen.mo, and of me because I'am younger and pretty. I feel like a child at school for the first time-there seem to be no more play for me ; or rather I am beginning to feel that-I am a child no longer, and that there are more serious thing in life than rambles in the woods or on the seashore, with an odd flirtation hero and there. The very word ' flirtation' would make Lady Cecil Pierrepont's smooth black hair rise upon her head, and stand on and like quills upon the fretful-or, as Jack always quotes it, the frightful porcupine. Lady Cecil Pierrepont never flirted in her life-or so she would tell you, if you ulared to put the question, with an annihilating glance of her cold clear eyes. I observe that those people who do their little best to captivate -and fail-are never termed, opprobrious ly, flirts. And yet I do not see that they are in the smallest degree better than we who succeed with perhaps far less hard work. I think Lady Cecil flirted a good deal more with her cousin than I have ever done ; but of course I am not such a fool as to go and tell' her so. Nevertheless she must knew it very well in her heart of hearts; and I should think it would make her feel rither mean. I have had a little congratulatory note from Miss Fleming ; but she does not men tion any one else at the farm. She accuses me of being a close-little selfish thing not to have told her my secret long ago; but she writes very affectionately, and I think she is really glad of my happiness. I shall have her on a visit at Bramble Hall when I come into possession-so I promise myself, blush ing at the boldness of my own sweet thought. For, great a flirt as I have been in my time, now that I am forced to look upon myself as engaged, the novelty of the position gives me almost as much dread as pleasure. I feel just a little subdued, alittle regret at losing my liberty, a little frightened at the responsibilities I have so lightly under taken, a little sorry for the sunny vale of childhood out of which I have strayed, and back to whose sheltered haven I can never find my way again. I wonder how Ludlow Gresson took the news of my engagement. I should like to have told him of it myself, just to see how he would have looked. I do not think he would mind very much; therefore the wish is not so cruel as it may seem. He treated me very cavalierly when I wanted him to be civil; and it will be a small.revenge now to show him that a better man than he could care to win and wear me. I wish JTedith had told moe what he said, or if he said any thing at all. But she never mentions his name. Neither does she mention George Eden. She must have lost hope of a letter from him; but I am sure she thinks he. will come back to Hove, as he said he would. She does not say anything' about Alice or her husband, therefore I conclude things at the farm are in just the same condition as when I left it. I had 'charged Jadith to take care of Alice ; but I am not so anxious about her as I was. I am persuaded that she will take no more rambles at night, now that her curiosity as to Ourll's whereabouts are satisfied ; and I make her promise to write to me if anything of any consequence happened, or if she wanted me back at the farm. Therefore my.mind is pretty easy about those I have left behind ; and, if Mrs. Lid del would only leave me in peace, I should be very happy, sitting out on the sunny ter races, or in the prima old garden, or in some quaint-carvea chair in the Red Drawing Room, dreaming of my lover. But she will not leave me in peace. I asn not sure of five minutes from morning till night, or my own mistress for one single hour in the day. From breakfast till luncheon we sew in the Paradise Room; from luncheon till four o'clock we pace the terraces ini solemn pro cession ; at four o'clock wre di'ink tea out of rare old china in the Great Drawing-Room ; from that time till dinner I practice upon the piano, or walk again- perhaps; from dinner till tea we read in the drawing-room, of-very rarely-I manage to escape to the garden with the little boy, who alone seems to enter into my ideas, and to share my natural predilection for the open air. [To BE CONTINUED.] 