Scraps. (" FUOx Tnu IItILL5It.O.") A Kyabram (Vie.) fiah-story relttks how, during thou Caster tolidays. a resident fibtuto inthe fotbaurn hooked a file.. col which was half-way down the throat of another weigitng 58th. Sixty-three pounds of cod at loun haul R ncalls tho whller's yorne Tihe river-lunfr was asked by the JIenaroo: 'low'd you catch fler here, mJster -whatn bait I'" Inet none blt. ,V catch 'em by thu yard. Perch oul a loug an wutch ato wait, Presently a strig u ctl comeo along, second one tryiu to swallr the first, third nlne ryil' to maller' thu n dwn an so on. Then eyo grab the lbaone, haul thu string uahorte, aot sow off what yen want. ANoang blne man oncu uecult fur gaol el at une poll, ono inll the othetr lik f thou hoos you boy frem the Japt. Thure I. aso otbor rioer story in vogue along the (oul holr, etol. A vhigourn aone N'agmbiu lnut a ow, fclued her body thr days iotaer in the ricer, ch leg swat'uowd nearly to fthe k ne e iy one of a qulrtet of hd go en. Aryllow, the voraelty of the eudllbh s right way oheaol of the oramity of the cool-Afsber. Mlasag ots not of such recelt origin ut somu poliop thick. When old Kitg thoekom ba, of Fjl, was suffering Irom too big a linner (half a pig, tverul pulleti., and buchet of yams). ho uscd to order sax or tveno little chldren to ronu up and down his stomach while Iwo lay on hIa back grutlting like a cOItesothd sow. Yothitg seo under t'se sun. Drunk's luck. A matt full dow., a (Oft. Cshaft on tihe Lethoo Vetnture leue, Houeslu Katblutolic, cnn recnt lett urtay eveatiug. poed thttly et wnut to slcep 00 thta hway down, aut Its diet wake fOr foor or fire horo. Thenr, boutbib up the shalt, he rooh it ftr a cttimttoy, atnd wtttderud how he gtt Into the illroltne I At Dunelin, 0.1., tit hcnos-buycr ftc thte tcal ctttllgottt. onticln, a relly goal he..e ict teoucsoitu oifa Rlaooi, ediget ulp for a deal. 'luoe.l-loohi..g horse Iiatt." Titu lhorm lotruol Carrnaufull, at itis prot nud .ald- GOu l Itorse but no lwukcu well." .\'onacnsu I nuty hr's In tep con litioun I'll glen you R16 far Itim." Trhu Ioroi tCeu the weteoy at.! heetded loer tite trobe mntteritg all tit tiome No loacke oill net athoee wcll.' Wun the dealer got to cmtp te montoed oeo rtf hi mcon ft tint hurdle 1suDp,. tut though the horse ahowed bdanttfl notiun hu bludtletwd beoot orer Itnu at dthe uctllec. cldtth the tlerloc hunteo et uto Ireluri who reoaolutly refuterl totpart. . Vttyoo'., as blinlttu a fencel yelled tte ttaulrr. ~ Nell. I toil you to 0001 Ionte well, soaid tihe stanoi. The cuckyts now ma,, thought bo'd mahe i gout stoert, e ho won nit ct dayttreok ut]o madte ntraigtt to woruc, reekoutiognst snorintg agpeot witt his ouefO eeatly rising. Itnt half way down thie pndoobk he met tito cookie himml.uttl nun angrily tolmottthtlw to "Sneak down's qoitly. If tho other chaps s eLyon they'll hbo wltin' a 'alf boll' day, tio I' fn Piltlnlrect, Sytty. ther othostbay while a relld.nown vet. Ito Itis bhattd fr blk in a bhos's amuth tooting toe irregular growoho, anu rcaittel ytuoth cnshol up, and started hashitg the, mke Odson the eeoc. lie sou poned the ey0prt ens lacitug hiu arm cheeed olf 1 The till of ttu Into Robhrt Chirnrilo, formerlyaf Carrhnbolne (Vic.), wan pruovel last wenk at a330,000, equally diridedl be tweon rol andltroonol celuto. No woon er thatatnt now and unknown "l Gusaia" who thrown his money aohut at a teIlboornu bar is alwaysnaddrrs'dl as' Mr. ChlrnuidO 1tt by thu etqlclitug ltoho. 811th the II-yanr-old Port Mlhlourno boy who not the Vie. Eight Iloor £1000 Lottery. pnes, the othter day, earned ttte shilling Ibe lnvestet by willing dead rats to tho local corpocutio.'. J t.D. . Wheneli~fi'hing in the \Van. gnuus liter (M...) 1 saw a a~vnn acme diutantro 'f tbroting its henrl under water is the utual wa ylhut pureauntly. oheerving something wrong, I roetel over attl fuuttt' that an enormoun cel toot swalltuwe littu ontt'n bteod. Thhu cut oulola't swallaw ntty mole, our, owing prosumnhly to the rororuol of tho fouttthee otu the swan's neck, could it get rid of what wa evloclontly a loulug eottteult: withitbho r*oot that both poetiea presvottuly faye up the ghost, Ifoluted tltom into tihe rootm, noetI Ittal that thu eel meanuorod 'lit. tn length by dft (tu in gieth. When they put a mon In gool, he eanot follow his natural In c~iiostion. His enjoy ment of life Is limitel. Ile cannot ent what he wants to. HIe is limited a, n very frugol diet, lle s nlivolto he sure, but life doesu't posies Very mony ulerotogoe. Are not oil thrse thins equally true of adysleptic ! For oIl of the renl enjoyment he gets out of life, he might as well ho in gol. Heconnot cot whaLt ho likes, nor et moch of it ns he would like. If he tronogresses unayof the rues of hit ' tint, ihe It punisttul for it. Ito suffers much; Lete little alnd mthy. lyspopsin sttrts with itenlgesiun , ond myo lend It olmott anything. lndiagesntion means a variety of things-it snows it.clf in many anrs. At ficrt erbnp', a little heacinesn in illte ostomach, a little eurn i.lody belehing tand henrtburn. Ilneadches begin to tome pretty aeon after that. aonl biloanneon and a loul taste in the month l the morning. Chronic constlipntie is almont iucnitnhie. and it is probably the amot serious trouble that ever to.es hold of a man. Ito seeming simpticity ii the thing that mawe it meet dnngerreu. intleao e it lerk to neglect. Con. aolntl mon emns thant the hody is holding refonon, implure matteor, that eshotuld e gottet rid of. The ptoison is htleg enh. eortei into the Bl on, and the nhele boty is ibing fiolei with I, tmpnrity in tLhe blend may lnen to untoct any tlitneae. Ihern in no tellitte trt mar come of ait. CnJ.tllatieon is the art of it all. Andyci. icoplo are ore. Ic-a alort it. It is tht. most seriest thieg in the world, oni the coontnt to tare if yen e, attr It right. Dr. Iloee-te Indian Root t'llarcre onntiation. Curn it Iceitirely, cerrninly. ittinllibly. Core it no it Clays corenl. Lore it no yon coo stop tnking menhciteie. ebttthat is aemeihiag that tro ether rc-ncdy In ton world mill do, They poei. ely core bhilionanens, indligestion, dyn..rlnia, mislr comilexnion. liter nod kido r teonhirn, piles. pimples naol tietehen, a pert et blood purifier, anti for female ailoee..tn they stand alone an a reman's heat ftiend. Sold hy chemists and ntoreh-epere. price in iýl: per hottle, or in l.oittln tin 64. hula proprietors. The W. II. Ccmrto.' Co., Ltd. (Anetralnaion Deadtt, 08 Pitt Street. Sydney. They ore 1a a ht in amber botties, anti fulo name blown thereon. Moe'rrt. J. r. Brown and Ca., of 430 C. l1 nnt.."t-t, Melbourne, ileytoetg, Eamr anl Chtiltern, report Ihaioy sotl-i (in con. junction tito new Zealand Loon and .)iercet.tilo Agency Co., Ltd.) on accent t .f Men,,'.. O'tloea tn, `"alorwtlrl Park," J Merwt1,~ a line of nighl-cla~s Jersey an~l Ayrehlire Inif'r", in calf so pore-bhrn belle, for tlhipncoott to South Afinca. 