_ , — - -»» THE DEDICATION OF ST. iARY'S CAf HEDHAL. -: FIRST DAY OF THE TRIDUUM. W . ? ?' ? ? ? .:-.-. . , ? ?. ? :. .. .,?;,;? w FATiERO'MRREliL ON DEVOTION TO THE BLESSED VIRGIN. TojDAY (Thursday) the. Grand Triduum in honour of fhe Dedication of St. -Mary's commenced in the cathedral.. After being closed for four months, ?while .the workmen were laying down the new.' floor of marble, and arkilite and carrying out the elaborate scheme of internal decoration, the stately edifice was thrown open to the faithful. Early Masses were said at 6, 7. and 8 o'clock. The High Mass was at 10. There was a great congregation. A detailed account of the solemn ceremonies is necessarily' reserved till next issue, when the whole Triduum will be fully reported and described, The Very Key..- T. O'Farrell, CSS. It., who was con ducting a Mission in the cathedral when the Car dinal arrived in Sydney in 1884, had the honour paid him of being selected to preach the opening sermon of the Triduum this morning. . /'(FATHER O'FARRELL'S DISCOURSE. ' Behold, henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.' ,7 ? — S. Ltjze, i., 48. ?JFhe- solemn' Triduum which begins to-day is intended; to prepare U3 for the great function of Sunday -next, when his Eminence the Cardinal Arohbish'op, surrounded by Ms venerable breth ren-of the ; Australasian Episcopate, will bless this magnificent temple, and offer it to God by the hands and in honor of Most Holy Mary, the Help . ofjChristians. It is a birthday gift to the Queen of 'Heaven from the Chief Paator, the clergy, and th'erfaithful of. the Archdiocese of Sydney. Per haps I' should rather say it is the thanksgiving offering of the Bishop3, Priests, and Catholic people- of Australia, who recognize St. Mary's as the Mother Church of this new land— the foun tain of Australian Catholicity. On such an occasion great, nay. extraordinary graces may be hoped for f com the bounty of Him to Whom the offering is made. But as through Mary God diigned to give' us Jesus, so through her we shall receive those graces which the merits of her, Divine Son give us the right to ask and , hope for. Therefore, when His Eminence did me the hononr of asking me to preach on this occasion — an honour I could sincerely wish had fallen into abler and more worthy hands—I thought I could not do better than attempt to lead you this morning to the feet; of Our Dear Lady, and strive to Reanimate your Catholic devotion jto the ever glorious Mother of G-od. i MARY, ? -PATRON OF THE CHURCH IN AUSTRALIA. ' The sweet name of Mary ought to be dear, as I am sure it^is^t'o eyery Catholic who is acquainted witjhfthe; history of the Church in Australia. Whenueighty years ago that intrepid, zealous, and' devoted priest. Father John Joseph Therry first thought of erecting a church in Sydney, in which, .he might gather .together the scattered, down-^rddden ?' Catholics,'' ' his ! f arseeing mind gazing witti prophetic vision into the future, and nis-heart swelling with hope for the spread of that Faith which he and others had carried from the Island of Saints, he felt that it waB only under the fostering care of Mary the seedling of the Faith would be preserved and nourished. Even as St. John ' took her to his own ' to be the solace and hope of the Apostles and of. the First Christians j even as; St. -;Patrick commended to: her the people whom he had begotten in the Lord, and whom he loved so well, so did this holy priest in Australia. And that this fond desire of hisrheart- might he made manifest and remain, he embodied-it in stone, and gave to the .first and Mother Church of Australia the name of St. Mary's, under the title of Help of Christians. But why do. we Catholics make so much of Mary ? Why do we build cathedrals, churches, and chapels in her honour? Why do we turn to her for help i i our trials, temptatians, and neces sities ? Do we not expose ourselves to taunt and ridicule for so doing ? Yes, truly, we are taunted and^r-idiculed; and: calumniated, too, on account of.'oui- devotion to Mary. But, my dear brethren, we have the long ages of Christianity to justify and to guide us in thi3, as in all the doctrines and practices of/our Faith. Was it. not a prophecy inspired by the Holy Ghost, and therefore certain t'oJ'be fulfilled, that ' all generations would call her blessed?' Did not Jesug. Himself on the Cross commend her to the devobion' of 'His fol lowers when He said, 'Behold your Mother!' What could such words have meant at that most BtJlenin.momenti if you take from them the mean ing attacoed to them by the Catholic Churoh P Did not St. John, who represented on Calvary the Disciples of Christ, understand them thus ? Did noftthefApbsfles cling to Mary, as we know from thejJGospels, which tell of her presence at the Ceuacle when they received the Holy Ghosfc? It was from her lips the Evangelists learned the history of the Incarnation, for there was no other living-witness to give it to them. Denis the Arcopagitei i who lived and wrote in Apostolic times, attests that the Apostles, and amongst them, St. Peter, came long distances to see her, and to admire in her the greatest work of the magnificence of God. St. James, at Saragossa in Spain] St. John, at Ephesus in Asia, St. Peter in Rome, raised ^temples arid altars in her honour. Andjh^w else could they have done, knowing that 'of ;her was born Jesus,' and seeing how Elizabeth* .filled; with the Holy Ghost, had honoured, her, addressing her as 'bleised amOngsti women,' and hearing the Holy Spirit speaking through the humble Virgin herself, commanding her to be honoured, when He in spired her -to. chant thosa. words of her canticle, 'From henceforth . all nations shall call me blessed' ? ;-No wonder we find'them holding up her name^arid: her prerogatives to the faith and veneration of all who would subscribe, to the first symbol of faith which they formulated, known to us as the ' Apostles' Creed,' and in which the well-known words are inserted 'Born of the Virgin Mary.' ? THE FIRST FIVE CENTURIES. From the days of the Apostles onward, devo tion to Our Bleased Lady showed itself in the erection of churches, altars, monasteries, and confraternities, dedicated or devoted to her honour. An ancient tradition tells us how some followers of the Prophet Elias came in the life time of Our Blessed Lady to see her, and became filled with such an enthusiastic love and admira tion for her that they built a monastery in her honour on the summit of Mt. Carmel, from which came forth ',the great Order of the Carmelites. In the ancient and historic city of Avignon in France, the traveller can read as he enters its gates the inscription which tells of the temple erected there by St. Martha, the hostess of Our Lord, in honour of the Blessed Virgin Mary during her lifetime. It was rebuilt on a magnificent scale by the Emperor Constantine, in the fourth century, and is now the Cathedral of Avignon. St. Frontus, first Bishop of Perigneux, also in France, St. Martial of Limoges, SS. Ursinus and George, who belonged to the Seventy-two Disciples, all of whom lived in the first century, built churches in honour of Mary, and of. the last-mentioned, St. George, it is related by Abelly, Bishop of Rodez, that he inspired the people who lived on the borders of Lake Leman, now called Geneva, with such devotion to the Mother of Jesus, that they demolished the idol in a temple of Apollo and converted the temple into a church dedicated to Our Blessed Lady. The frescoes/ the mosaics, and the inscriptions dis covered in recent times in the Roman Catacombs bear abundant witness to the widespread and tender devotion to Mary which existed amongst the early v Christians, who, during the three centuries of persecution, were obliged to worship Jesus in their subterranean chapels, but wor shipped Him in the arms of His Mother. Later on, when the terrible storm had passed, leaving behiud the scattered bones of millions of martyrs — martyrs to their faith, in the Son of Mary — many beautiful and costly churches were erected in honour of Christ's Mother, especially in Italy and Gaul. The most remarkable of these were the magnificent Liberian Basilica in Rome, called St. Mary Major's, to distinguish it from the 62 other,-, -Roman churches dedicated to Our Lady, and the great Cathedral of Notre Dame at Rheims, which is one of the world's wonders of architectural art. -Both of those . great churches were begun in the fifth century. | ?'; ; ANCIENT LITURGIES. ? i The vene r able Liturgies which have come idovm tous from those primitive 'ages, and which were the rule and model of the sacred rites observed in Early Christian worship^ are accurate and in contestible evidence of what the'people believed and practised in those times, and nothing in them is more strikingly beautiful than the splendid eulogiums they contain on Mary's dignity as Mother of Our Lord, and on her unspotted vir ginity, with most earnest appeals to the faithful to venerate and invoke her. The old Spanish Liturgy, ascribed to St. James, the Maionite, the 'Alexandrian, arid others all hold up for veneration her Divine Maternity, her perpetual Virginity, and her Immaculate Conception, while in the Russian or Orthodox Church as well as amongst the Eastern Schismatics the devotion to Our Lady entertained and1 practised, even in our own day, would almest put us Roman Catholics to shame. THE MIDDLE AGES. The history of the Church from the 6th to the 16th century in Europe is a history of the spread and development of devotion to Mary. The Irish poet Sedulius, the Venerable Bede, as the great Anglo-Saxon historian and Doctor of the Church is called; Alcuin the, celebrated English scholar, teacher, and adviser of Charlemagne ; and, some centuries later, the still more celebrated Irish scholar, John Duns Scotus, who taught, in the University of Oxford— all wrote most beautiful things both in prose and verse in praise of Our Lady, and composed inscriptions for churches and altars dedicated to her. The 'Mellifluous Doctor,' St. Bernard, praised and preached on Our Blessed Lady in language which will live as long as the Church herself ; and all the Churches of the great Cistercian Order which he founded in the 12th century are, by Rule, dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary. Tha great religious Iead9rs of the 13bh century, St. Francis and St. Dominic, everywhere preached the glories and the inter cessory power of Mary, and erected numerous churches of their respacti ye Orders in her honour. Their two illustrious disciples, Sb. Bonaventure and the immortal St. Thomas of Aquin, both Doctors of the Church, are amongst the most devoted clients of Our Lady, as they are the most learned advocates and most valiant champions of the Church's devotion to her. It is well known that to St. Dominic and his disciples we owe the world-wide and most beautiful devotion of the Rosary, which is a treasury of doctrine and de votion to every faithful Catholic. But these greab lights of the Middle Ages were, after all, only echoing the teaching, the sentiments, and the practice of Ambrose and Jerome, of Augu3tine and Chrysostom, and a host of others who in what are called the primitive ages wrote and taught, preached and propag ited veneration and ; : lore towards her whom the General Council of Ephesus had proclaimed and defined, amidst the enthusiastic rejoicings of the people, and to the coafusion of NeEtorius and his followers, to be ' Theotokos '—the Mother of God. DEVOTION TO MARY IN ENGLAND. In England, once known amongst European nations as ' Our Lady's Dowry,' from the fact of one of her kings having consecrated his kingdom to her, devotion to Mary had such a hold upon the people that there was no department of public or domestic life into which it did not find its way. The great ships of war bore her effigy on their prow; the very spoons used at table were so formed as to terminate in the form of Our Lady's head. Hence in old English wills mention is made of ' M&iden-headed; ' spoons. We have it on the authority of William of Malmesbury that the first church in England was built in honour of the ' Blessed and Holy Virgin Mother of God.' This was at Glastonbury in Somerset shire, where afterwards flourished the most famous Monastery in England. There is evidence extant that Ina, King of the West Saxons, re built this church at great expense in 704, and wrote of it as the ' Church of the Ever- Virgin Mary, the first in the Kingdom of Britain, and the fountain of all the Christianity of the Island.' St. Augustine, the Apostle of England, a century before had built a church at Ely in honour of the Ever- Virgin Mary, which later on was rebuilt and rededicated to Our Lady by St. Etheldreda. A Council of Exeter in 1289 ordered that in every parish church should stand an image of the Blessed Virgin. At that period there were no less than eighteen churches in London alone dedicated to the Mother of God. Even to this day there is hardly a town in England which has not a St. Mary's Church — the dedication, if not the fabric itself, dating from Catholic times. The very names of the old streets of London, with their corners and oro3sings, not to speak of the churches, monasteries, guilds, and confraternities with their banners, paintings, sculptures, and in scriptions proclaim, in a voice that drowns the roar of the reformers, the veneration and love in which Mary was once held in that country. And woe to those who robbed England of Mary and Mary of her ' Dowry' ! There are abundant £ evidences of a similar devotion in Scotland, the £ land sanctified by the labours and virtues of St. Columba and; his companions. In the days of the 1 good Queen Margaret — a canonized Saint— the ! praises of Mary's name rang through the King- I dom in church and convent, in hall and hovel. \ In the Church of St. John Baptist in Perth, not to mention ethers, there were 39 altars, when ! Knox began his work of destruction, and of these five were dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Mary. 3 Bat in Ireland, thank God, the link with the past ? has never been lost, and richer far is she in her \ poverty than her prouder neighbours, for she still possesses her cherished devotion to Mary, \ who throughout the long night of persecution was her Star of Hope, her help, her comfort, her ] salvation. No wonder BJne would strive to repay ? Mary's protection and preservation of her faith ' by sending her sons arid her daughters to the ? great new land of the West as well as to this fair land of the South to carry the name of Mary ' with the Faith of her Son and of His Chureh ] and raise up to her honour new temples, like this ! noble Cathedral of Sydney, surpaasing in beauty aind magnificence the storied grandeur of the old. ; : Flowing then from the Eternal and only , source of Grace— the Foot of the Cross— watering . the foundations of the Church, traversing with steady and constant course nineteen -centuries of ( Christianity, widening out and increasing its [ power till now like the sea it leaves every land ' where the Catholic Church has set her foot, this ] saving stream of devotion to Mary the Mother of i God . has fertilized the Vineyard of the Lord. , And behold here to-day in this glorious Temple ! and in the loyal fervent piety of this congregation one of its latest and loveliest fruits. Oh, how \ God has glorified that humble Virgin who glorified Him so much ! Oh, what an emphatic fulfilment j of Mary's, great prophecy, 'All , generations shall call me blessed,' to see here to-day in the latest and youngest of the nations, Prince andiPrelates,.Pastor3 and People, Repre sentatives of every Diocese under the Southern n Cross, and of every nation that has preserved the Faith, gathered together in their thousands in ?, this peerless city of the South to offer ;one more monument to Mary's honour, one more tribute of i their veneration, their confidence and their love to the ever-glorious, ever- Virgin Mary Mother of ] God. j REASONABLENESS OF DEVOTION TO - MARY. i ?..'???..'.' . ' j And what more reasonable, more sublime than i bhis devotion ? It has God Himself as its Author, j Eor it was God who first honoured Mary. He \ predestined her before all other human creatures, -i for undoubtedly the first-born amongst men in i the mind of God was the God-Man Jesus Christ, i who was to be the Saviour of humanity, and this c God-Man was to be the fruit of Mary's womb, t Therefore before Adam and. Eve Mary was in i the mind of God, and hence are the words of the 1 Holy Spirit placed in her mouth by the Church* t ' The Lord hath possessed me in the beginning f of His ways, from the beginning before ] He would make anything.' On the occasion a Man's fall by the disobedience of Adam t God spake of Mary and announced her coming as t bhe woman from whose seed would spring°the t Saviour of mankind, and who thus would crush c the serpent's power over man. To His Prophets £ God revealed her as the Virgin who would f conceive and bring forth a Son who would be the I Emmanuel — the God with U3 — the world's \ Radeemer. ' Behold,' said Isaias, 'a Virgin ( shall conceive and bear a Son and He shall be t called Emmanuel, the God with us.' But when i Mary had come, as the Morning Star to herald c the coming of the 'Son of Justice,' and when \ God would treat with her and make her a s voluntary co- operator in the great work of the i Redemption — asking and waiting for her consent, ] it wa3 not a Patriarch or Prophet' or any human w being He deputed to be His Messengf.% but one ] of thos.d hdavealy spirits who ' stand before His f face and minister to Him.' Oh, try, my dear | brethren to imagine the descant of the Archangel ( Gabriel coming as the Ambassador of God ? - bearing a message such as never before or sinca ] was delivered to man. Not to any royal palacd j or earthly sovereign does he wing his flight, but 1 to the humble home of Mary of Nazareth. He enters, and aa if informed by God of the marvellous brightness' of the Virgin's soul, as well as . of the transcendent dignity to which He was about to raise her, the Archangel, so beautiful, so pure, so perfect himself, bows before the surpassing excellence of the humble Mary, and addresses her in words such as never fell on human ear : ' Hail,' said he, ' full of grace, the Lord is with thee, blessed art thou amongst women ! ' And remember the Gospel says, ' the angel was sent by God.' This honour, then, : paid her by the angel was from God. But a higher honour still awaited her. For as soon as - she gave her consent to become the Mother of the ' Son of the Most High ' on the assurance of the ;; preservation of her virginity, the Eternal Son of ,i God Himself — not an angel now, but the Lord of the Angels— came to her and took flesh — our human . flesh — in her immaculate womb by the operation ofi the Holy Ghost. In that moment the greatest of mysteries is accomplished: God has a Mother; and the lost world a Saviour. Oh proud, recreant, . cowardly souls who think you would; debase ; yourselve3 by honouring Mary; who despise and ?; revile the pi'actices of those who do her honour ; - . first go and erase if you can from the .pages of . pur Bible the record of this history, and then, - . if you will, come and . revile the worshippers of . Mary ! The Ebionites, the Arians, the Nestorians.. tvho denied or erred about the Incarnation of the ., Son of God, were logical in drawing from false premises conclusions adverse to the Church's .. practice of honouring Mary. But not so you ,; ivho profess to believe as Athanasins did and :?? recite his Creed. Go into the stable of Bethlehem ,,?. -n that Christmas night when the time of Mary's i ielivery had arrived :? gaze upon the new-born ,;., Babe that lies trembling on His little rough,bed . -( )fi straw : see reverently kneeling beside. Him -i ; :he youthful maiden with hands clasped and eyea i ; ovihgly fixed upon the Child — speaking in eyery ;.;;???: jlance the rapturous first love of a mother's, heart . : md ask youc faith or your Bible, to explain the ;??; scene. In no uncertain tone it will answer : That; . Dhild is the Eternal who created you: that; ? naiden is Mary of Nazareth in whose womb He , v ;ook flesh, who has just brought Him forth and !s His true, and most, loving Mother. , See, then,, aow with a mother's privilege and a mother's t - Love she takes Him in her, arms, imprints a, ? mother's kiss on His sweet face, holds Him to ? aer breast to warm His trembling limbs and, :s nourish Him with her ownj substance, and must.---rt pou not confess that; one of those looks ;of iffection, one of those loving caresses with whieh ;; bhe Divine Child returned the sweet embraces*/ v )f His Mother was infinitely more glorious to her; \ bhan the homage of all created beings, angels and men, though they were to prostrate themselves, before her, and remain prostrated till the Day : of' Judgment ? Again enter the cottage of Nazareth' -' ? when the Child had grown to be a boy—a beariti- ?' ; ful Boy who as the Gospel says 'grew in graced' ind wisdom as He grew in years before God arid1 men.' See how punctually and reverently He , ; obeys every command of her who presides over ! :'?'''. bhe domestic concerns of the little household. ' ? At ' , . , one time He lights the fire, at another sweeps ' the floor, washes the dishes or fetches the water. Tell me again, O holy Faith, 6 Sacred Word of ; ° Truth, who is that Boy, and who is she whose' ?-. commands He obeys ? That Boy is God the Lord V, of the Universe who in His Mercy has come. i;o 3aye Mankind, and she who thus commands, Him. ? is Mary the Virgin of Nazareth who coneeived ,,; Eim.in her womb andgave Him birth iri Beth-'.. | lehem. O wondrous privilege, to command a, God '? ind be obeyed by Him ! Once more let ua ascend bhe Hill of Calvary, on that, Good Friday long ?- igo. O'ontemplate.that sad and touching, sight ' bhat meets your view. Between two notorious jriminals who are expiating their crimes on jrosses there stands a third cross, ;and from iti ? ./ langs quivering with pain and agony a man with w sweet and noble countenance. Huge rough -. aails mercilessly driven through His fair and..;: lelicate hands arid feet hold Him suspended t. : Eis life- blood is ebbing away -through the awful .--?; ivounds and the pallor of death is spreading over; t Eis features. Beside Him stands a lady simply Iressed but beautiful and dignified. Ori her sweet l race the most agonizing sympathy and suffering ? ire depicted. Her eye3 are immoveably, lovingly ' ixed on the dying victim. Every movement ' -f His parched lips, every painful sigh that ? jscapes Him, seems a sharp sword, penetrat- ?' ng, dividing her heart. Who, let me ask once; f more, is that poor, dying Victim ? Who is this jrief-3tricken Lady that stands beside Him ?? A.h, my dear brethren, you know but too well/ } Dhe Victim is Jesus, the Incarnate Son of God, . ' «rho was once the sweet Babe of Bethlehem, :; ivhom Mary brought forth and laid in the manger. : ind there beside Him is that same Mary- -His )wn true, sweet, loving Mothpr, even as she was ; it Bethlehem and Nazareth. And while we grieve ' frith the Son and praise and thank Him for His liercy, shall we have no word of sympathy for ' ihe Mother— no word of praise or thanks or love- ,'; or her who freely and lovingly gave up her *. Beloved for our salvation? Or shall we, dare , to, , iunder what God has so closely joined, or attempb. ;o separate the fiuit from the plant, the jewel- , :rom the casket, the pearl from its Bhell ? No, a ihousand times, no. While we recognize in Jesus )ur most adorable, loving, and merciful Lord and Saviour, we recognize in- Mary the most magni- ;: icent work oE His hands. Jesus is God. and r )ecame Mary's Son to save us. If He had not jeen the Son of Mary as well as the Son of 3-od, He would not have been the Redeemer of ? ;he world, the Christ of the Gospels. To Mary, ;hen, we give all the homage, honour, love, arid sonfidence it is in our power to give short of that ivhich we give to Jesus. In Heaven, on earth, ihe has no equal. God alone is above her, all else a beneath her. Many can say, 'I am God's Prophet,' 'lam God's Apostle,' ' I am God's ingel': One Being only can say ' I am God's Mother.' And, let me add, one only Church can say 'I am God's Church.' and that is the Church ? bhat gives us not a Motherless Christ, who would certainly not bo the Christ of the Gospels, but 3hri3t with His Mother, Jesus wibh Mary, as the Soly Gospels give Him ab Bethlehem,..at Naza reth, and on Calvary. And surely in Heaven chose beautiful natural relations which existed on earth are not destroyed. The human nature which the Son of God assumed He still retains, and that human nature is now speaking to Him throHgh Mary, who is at once the Mother of the Redeemer and of the redeemed. Thus v;e have, ever pleading our cause with God, that most powerful of all human advocates— a Mother at the feet of her Son. Let us then rejoice and give ihants to God that we are the inheritors of this beautiful and salafcary devotion, which has adorned the lives of so many Saints ! Let us thank, our .dear Lady, the Help of Christians, for having watched over with such loving care the foundations of the Chureh in Australia, even as she did over the Church of the ApoBtles ! Let us rejoice, too. that we are privileged to take part wifei his Eminence and so many other distin guished Prelates in offering this new tribute of praise and devotion to Our BlesBed Lady. It will be a new and precious gem in her glorious crown, the sight of whieh will give joy to the Heavenly Court, but especially to her devoted client, John Joseph Therry, who laid the first foundations of this noble pile, and to those great Archbishops, priests and people who lived and laboured for St. Mary's. May the precious treasure of the Faith they have handed down increase and grow brighter every day under the radiant, loving smile of Mary, Mother of God, Mother of His Church, and Mother of every child of the Church iu this new land. And may we ever strive to rejoice her heart by our love and obedience to her ;Sbn and to His Church. May her great virtues of humility, purity, and charity be the virtues of her children in Australia, and may her sweet name, together with the name of Jesus, often and confidently invoked during life, be the last sound upon our dying lipa. This evening before Benediction the Rev. John Ryan, S.Ji, of Melbourne, and formerly Sector of St. Ignatius' College, Riverview, is to preside. Thursday, Friday, and Saturday being 'prepara- tion' days ' for the joyous Dedication,- Confessions will be heard afternoon and evening. ARRANGEMENTS FOR FRIDAY, SATUR DAY, AND SUNDAY. Ebiday, 7th Sbpt.—IO a.m. Ponticfical High MMBr-Q.elebrant, Right Rev. Dr. Reville, O.S.A., Coadjutor- Bishop pf Sandhurst ; , Preacher, Right Eev.Dr. Gallagher, Bishop of Goulburn. 7; p.m. Solemn Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament and Sermon. Preacher, Very Rev. Father Larkin, O. P. BaiuudaXi 8th Sefi;.— 10 a.m. Pontifical High MftB*-?Cele$rant, . Right Rev. Dr. Tprreggiani, Bishop of Armidale. Preacher, Right Rev. Dr. Grimes, 8.M., Bishop of Chrietchur eh. 7 p.m. Solemn Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament^ and Sermon bv Right Rev. Dr. Dwyer, Ooaidjutbr-Bishop pf Maitland. . Stjkdasf, 9th Sbpt. — Solemn Dedication pf St. Mary's Cathedral. . Pontifical High Mass— Cele- br&rit;, Right Rev. Dr. Verdon, Bishop of Dunedin. Preacher, Most Rev. Dr. Redwood, S.M., Arch bisKop of Wellington. 7;ipim. Pontifical Vespers,— Preacher, Right Rev. /Dr. Higgins, Bishop of Rockhainpton. To-morrow (Friday) and Saturday early Masses will be said in the Cathedral at)6, 7, and 8 o'clock. At the 10 o'clock Mass on Friday Delany's MasB willi be sung ; at the High Mass on Saturday Haydn's Imperial which was sung to- day, is to be re Seated. On Sunday, September 9, Mozart's Twelfth Lass: will be performed with orchestral accom paniment by a choir of 200 voices from the city and suburban choirs. Mr. J. A. Delany is the musical director. On; Sunday the doors of the Cathedral will be open to holders of reserved seat tickets at 10 o clock, The Dedication ceremonial will commence at 11 o'eloek with a procession of the prelates, priests, and Catholic Knights. His Excellency the Governor will attend in official dress. Provision flVk be made for the Consuls and prominent public, personages who attend. We understand that Lord Beauchamp will be accompanied to St. Mary's on Sunday by the Governors of Queensland and New Guinea. The Chief Justice, Major- General French, and the Mayor of Sydney will also attend. A Guard of Honour composed of the Irish Rifles will receive Lord Beauchamp at the College- street main en trance. The early Masses on Sunday will be at 6, 7, and 8 o'clock. As already announced, there is to be a special charge for the Dedication cermony on Sunday. The reserved seats are £1, unreserved 10s and 5s. During the week many reserved seatB were sold at St. Mary's preBbytery, where a plan of the interior of the Cathedral may be seen. The purchaser of a ' reserved ' ticket secures a numbered seat in the Cathedral. Me, Daniel O'Sullivan, late of Woodstock, Vic, farmer, who died on July 6, executed on February 7 a will, whieh has been lodged for probate. He left £2V02 realty and £435 personalty to his widow. 