A WILD RIDE. What you say is quite true, sir, that a man ought not to be frightened at any thing; but, do y:-u know, I've got tc think 1 that the bravest man of all is the one that is frightened and does not show it. You see there ain't many men that are what you would call ' brave all round.' 'I have seen a fellow that would have run any man through as soon . as look at him, almost jump out of his skin when he trod upon a little bit of a snake. There's myself, for instance, I'm aI soldier, and an old one, too I've got_ the Kandahar medal, as you see, and one or two other things as well; and I think I may say, .without bragging, that : I am not more given to be scared than other folks. Well, I myself once got as bad a fright as every any man got yet, and what is more, it happened not more than ten miles from where we are standing now, and only about six months ago. How was that I .says you, Well, that's just what I am going to tell you. Our old colonel-I won't speak ill of the poor old chap, for he died only the other : careful wilt,'r"n tellyou. Whatever he had to do, he'd have it done -his own way, or he would send everything j fl iug, and, like a good many officers who have been a long time out here, he had got so used to ordering the blackfeltows about i that at last he got to do it with all who came near him, black or white. Colonel Hedley his name was, but, from his slap-dash way, we used to call him 'C~lonel Beadlong.' Well, sir,, you have been up the Bolan Pass, so of course you. know that little branch line that they are 'making from Sibi to Pir Chowki, at the mouth of the pass, to help carry the stores and troops up and down. Yes, to be sure, I remember, you were saying that you'd been at the opening of a bridge on it the bther day. Well, before that bridge was built there was a sort of make- shift across the channel of the river; and as for the line itself, though it wasn't regularly opened, and isn't yet, it could carry a train at a pinch, all the eighteen miles whenever there were a few companies of soldiers or a few waggon loads of stores that wanted to be sent along .in a hurry. Now it happened by bad luck that when -we came down from Quetia four months ago, with the old colonel at our head, the engine driver on this Pir Chowki line was a French -man, whose name was Peter Tronchet. lie was quite as high-handed a fellow in his own way as our colonel himself and when he did get in a tantrum cart ropes would not hold him. They say he lost his. last berth all along of wanting to fight a duel with the superin tendent; but I dont know how that would have been, thu'auh it's just the sort of thing hp would do, too. WelS,.ofcourse, we all knew, though we 'little= knew what was to- come of it, that w'hen two such peppery ones as the colonel -au:?udthii French~iun. met there was bound to S" he pretty good row,- and so~ it turned out, "are enough. When we got down to the railway at Pir Chowki, where a special train .vas waiting to take us on to Sibi, the old colonel was as cross as two sticks. Ile't~had a good sharp twinge of goat, for one thing, and riding over that great plain roam the- mouth- of the Pass. to- Pir Ohoki did not sweeten his temper much, splashing through rivers and stumbling, among big siones every minute.. Then, again, the engine-driver had been eat in the sun all the morning, and you know how very snappish that makcs.a man here.. So, whea Colonel Hedley came holloring and bullying alone and commenced to. rough !i,,s up, the Frenchman faced about and answered him quite-saucily.. You should just have seen the old colonel's It turned' as red as- hiu coat, and for a moment I anlmost thought that he had. got ati t.. Then he jumped- forward? and shook his -st in. the Frenchman's. face and reared out- ?HIoldyour tongue, you.impudent dog, or 11 put you under arrest. Go to your work,. will you I. And- mind, no. nonsense a' out couplings, being loose and wheelsshaky as aniexcuse to. stop half way. If you halt so much as half a second between. this and Sihi Pll break every bone in your dirty French skin.' I1 was standing close- to- the- colbnel as he. spoke, and I. saw the Frenchman's. face harden all at once, like melted lead. when. you throw it into cold water. Then he said: very ouietly, but inst as.ithe was hiting every word off short ' Veree good,. Monsieur le- blonel you. shall be satisfied.' ' And away he went to his engine without anither word-. -K But there was the wickedest look in his. -i e y-es thist 'ever saw. - It made me feel queer just for a moment,. although. I had not the ghost of at. iaea: =lhat he was up-to.. Well, sir, we all. got and" began to-make ours-dlves snug, expecting to be nearly a. ~couple of hours- on the road, for it was' overn eighteen miles to Sibi, and the line being only , makeshift one then,, there wvas.a notice up forbidding any driver to ran his train. more than ten miles an hour. The train backed a. bit to. get a fair start, i and away we went, i I don't think any of us noticed anything out of the way-I didn't, at any rate--for the first minute or two ;. but all at once my sear-rank man,.Bob Barton, sings out- ' Well if this ain't more than ten. miles an. hor, Im a Dutchman,' lie had hardly spoken. when the- train, g ye a lurch that shook us all together likei tp es in a bag, and then. another toward. th- o-h.rile-, and then-talk of fling !:i SF-ing was nothing to.it-it was, more like. bcing fired out of a gun. iThe very air seemed to whiz. past us, and alL at once we heard the -colonel yell. oak front his window - lSacken speed, you.rascal!. Do.you, want tt kil us aRI t./~; The Frenchman answered only with a horrid, screaming laugh. Now we began to get scared in earnest, for we took in the whole thing for the first time. There we were, running over a mile a minuteon an unsafe line, with all cur lives at the mercy of a man who was nearly as mad as he could be. The first bridge was already in sight, and the fellows w-rking on it scattered every way when they saw us coming, screeching like anything. I heard the bridge crack as we flew over it, and felt it give, and how we ever escaped I can't think yet. Bob Barton, springing up, cried ' Boys, I won't sit still and let that lubber murder us all. It's his life or ours now. Here goes !' He made for the door as he spoke, and would have been out upon the footboard in another moment, when we clutched him and dragged him back ; for with the pace we were going, and the way the train rocked, it would have been certain death to try it. Over the r-cond .bridge we shot like lightning ant. wvent flying round .the last curve towards Sibi. Just then I saw something that brought I 14I+y.Jhart into my mouth-a stone .lying on' the line ahead of.us, big enough to wreck theb whole train. Then I thought all was over. I just muttered ' God have mercy on us,' and shut my eyes. - But I opened them again next moment in time to see the stone (tipped over, I fancy, by the shaking of the rails, which were rather loose at that spot) roll off just as we came to it. Presently after that (whether it was a minute or an hour later, I could never tell you} I caught a glimpse of a platform with people shouting and running about. Then we began to slacken speed, and at last stopped altogether. Then I drew as long a breath as if I'd just come up from the bottom of the sea. We'd run half a mile past the Sibi station before we could pull up. I heard afterwards that we did the 18 miles in ten minutes. When the Colpnel got out it made me fairly start to look at him. He tottered so that he could hardly stand,; and his face was all drawn and pinched like that of a corpse. I don't think it was altogether his. own, danger that upset him so (though I am sure it well might), but the thought that one hasty word of his had nearly cost the lives of all the men under his charge, was enough to.give any man a turn. As for Master Frenchman, he got off and bolted the minute the train stopped. It was lucky for him he did, for he would not hare been very safe amongst us just then. The colonel, on coming to. himself a bit, vowed to hang him if it cost him. 10,000 rupees. But it couldn't be proved that he meant to upset the train, (as I don't suppose he did, indeed} so that all they could do was to give him two months' imprisonment for exceeding the fixed rate of speed. But, of course, he had to leave the country and I wasn't sorry for one. Rather than be on the train with him again, Pi tramp all the way from here. to Calcutta.. 