LOVE'S BATTLEFIELD- A TALE OF VICTORIA AiND SOUTH \- AFRICA. \- -. < BY "W.W." : It was a pretty picture "that the sun shone graciously on that afternoon In the gaiden of Rose Cotta©e. An accacla tree in ~full blossom shaded the littl corner summer-house over' which bloom ed a tangle of the rich blossoms tha - gave the humble cottage its name. Bu it was not on the roses or the accacia that the eyes of .George West lasted. I was on the figure of -Mihnie Trept who lounged in a haxnmock carefully slung, under the branches i>f the big tree. Well, It was a fair picture, no doubt but .then young West looked upon It with the eyes of a lover, and his imagination glorified it. Neither the silken hammock or the young girl's attire were in keeping with the little cottage and its surround Ings; and Minnie herself had the air of a petulant spoiled child who was vain of herself in every "way, and was foolishly permitted to embellish herself with lacy frippery.of all sorts. Minnie oould b charming when it suited her humor, bu she was not charming at all times in spite of her pretty petite figure, and saucy, blue eyes-peeping from under a ripple of fair curls. It was from the window of the littlt pSarlor that George gazed at his cousin and his gentle widowed mother sat in her chair gazing at him with a pitiful sad riess in her face. Mrs West was a small slight woman, with a good many more than fifty years on her grey -hairs, and the deep mother-love could he read in her faded eyes as they rested sadly upon her stalwart only son. . As if -his moth^'s eyes- drew him George turned and looked at her, *T was looking at Minnie," he said, a little flush rising to his face. "I guessed it, my dear," was the reply "She is very sweet and pretty," h said, in a low tone as he seated himsel by the widow's side. Mrs West shook her head. "Minnie is not what she was, my dear I don't .know why it Is that she grows , so vain and selfish and domineering." '/Mother!" "It is true, my boy, don't shut you eyes to facts. My poor sister certainly spoiled the girl, hut she had her father* strong common sense to help her > as sh grew older, and when she came to us an orphan, I had every hope that her loss would be in the end a great gain to th poor child." "You judge too harshly, mother,' George said in a low tone, "Minnie Is pretty and knows it, what young gir does not? She is very young, a few years may change her greatly. It is natural that she should love amusements and dress and that, but her heart Is in the right place." "I hope so, my dear, I hope so,; but fear for you. She has not been the sam girl since that legacy so unexpectedly fell to her. She gives herself airs which her friends resent." George looked sadly serious for a few moments' silence, and then- he asked quietly, "Mother, do you really think i would be better for Minnie if she did not possess that money?" "I am sure of It my son, but she would not think so. She thinks it gives her a consequence and % claim to precedence that she has no right to." "I came with bad news mother, and was afraid to tell it. Loudon, with whom the trustees invested Minnie's money, has absconded; she will never see a penny of it." "It will be a terrible shock to her George, but if she really loves my boy It will not kill her." "Really loves me! Mother, you do not doubt that?" he cried In. consternation. . "I really do sometimes. But there my hoy, do not mind me. Old people fan'cy they know everything, but, oh George, be sure that she does before you link "your life with hers." "You may be sure that I will, mother dear. I know what a dreadful thing 'is .home "without love, aaid you know am too proud a man to accept a woman's hand unless the heart is ia it. Mtnni will have to be told of her misfortune Will you tell her; mother ?" "Oh, I daren't, George; it will be awful I dare not." "Then I must. I will go to her now." The young Tn»*» went out the back door, and his foot on the gravel roused the capricious little beauty who was the very cone of his heart She struggled to a sitting posture, yawned with her arms stretched over her head among the sweet accacla flowers that dropped their loose petals on her bright hair, and then slid from the hammock to her feet. "Are you hack so soon?" the pretty red lips asked with an affected air of wonder. "I wonder you can come at all to this miserable home. Oh, what life!" "Why do you remain in the house so, Minnie, dear? . I thought you were going to spend the afternoon with Nellie Breton." "It's not any pleasure to me to be in Nellie Breton's company," she said, disdainfully, "and it's detestable the way she pushes herself on me; because, forsooth, I have a cousin she admires." • "Minnie, you should not say such tilings," George said, seriously. "I shall say whatever I like," she declared, with a toss of the little head, and an affected arrangement of her fal-lals. "Why shouldn't I? I'm my own mistress, I suppose?" •No,dear Minnie, you're mine—the mistress of my heart," and he tried "to take her hand, but . she wilfully snatched it from him •What rubbish! I'm sick of being spoken to as a child." Young Wesfs handsome face clouded. 1 do not know this mood, Minnie. What has come over you? Is it an insult to tell you that I love you? You have known that for a long time, and have led me to-believe mat you reciprocated my true affection." , "A larrikin's love! Truly it Is a compli ment to be the recipient of It!" "What!'-' he cried, drawing hack a little, as his face paled, "what is that you have said, Minnie?" "You heard well enough. I said that it was a larrikin's love you were offering me, and that I failed to see the honor of It." """ "" Minnie was half frightened at the effect of her words, hut she would have died rather than let her lover see It. She raised herself , on her tip-toes to pluck-a half-open rose, which she arranged carefully in the bosom of her white dress. If she had dared- to look in George's face during those few seconds she would have seen a white face and flashing eyes, and a strong effort at control by a young fellow who was too genuine to be any woman's slave. "Do you mean seriously to call me a larrikin?" he asked, at length. "I am not in the habit of eating my words," she retorted, frigidly.. "I said that your love was a larrikin's love.' "If you consider me one of the contemptible class, will you kindly explain by what conduct of mine you can Ju&tify; It? I do not think you know the meaning of the Insulting term. Will you tell me what your Idea of a larrikin is? \- "It is refreshing to hear you acknowledge your ignorance for onoe. I think a larrikin Is a young man, who—who— oh, he Is coarse and ; noisy, and -fond of 'the society of other larrikins and larrikinnesses. and he likeB loud clothes— (here Mlss Minfiie glanced contemptuously at George's red tie)—"and—fand smokes horrible cigarettes, and things/' "Very lucld!" George said, dryly, as he glanced - down-- at his irreproachable tweeds, ;"but the cap dOes.not fit me." "It does! X saw you last evening standing under a verandah-^a corner verandah—with half- a-dozen like yourself. It •yras sickening, and one of them was' that detestable brother of Nellie Breton. r " • "Edward Breton is no larrikin, and lje. is my friendi" George said, stiffly. "Oh, of course, and his sister is your larriMnneaa?" friend, tool And, pray, what is she hut a You are going too far, Minnie. Ton demean yourself by speaking in that manner of a girl who. has been a faithful little friend to yon." "Because I have, mosey! That's what owe-her bread and butter friendship toi And that's what I owe yttor Insulting attempts to -form my opiatfon, too, air West, and your larrikin's love Is for my purse and not for myself!" > 11 was too much!. 'George cSoked back the words that tried to burst from his lips in a flood of danger, so that his words were cool, though his heatt waa beating like a." steam, hammer. 1 • ; "If your pitiful money has jso warped every,belief, it.is.well-.thal you .should: lose it.. You forget yourself In saying that I have paid, you attention. for the 'sake of your purse. I told you I loved you before you had any money, and your purse was veisr empty when.. >au came here to my mother, an orphan. I do not know what has changed and hardened you, but, if it was the money, it is well that it is gone." "Gone!" she repeated, in consternation, and her big blue eyes seemed to widen as she stared at him with unfeigned terror. "Yes. Minnie! I came from the office earlier to-day on purpose to break it to you. ]Joudon has absconded with your money as well as the money of others who had trusted him. I will go now, and do not fear that I shall ever again offer you my "larrikin's love.'" The poor, silly little thing felt as if the whole earth had broken in. pieces as far as she was concerned. The foolish girl loved George with all her heart, but she loved adulation, and to queen it even over George. She never guessed that it was a petulant jealousy of his favorite friend's sister, Nellie Breton, that had culminated in the insulting words she had ;aped Aipoa iiija^apd .lie teft his -mother at evening to tnake arrangements that would in all probability separate them for months and perhaps for ever. For days Minnie kept her room under a pretence of illness, and Mrs Wfest's heart was so much hardened against the girl, whose selfish conduct she blamed = for sending her good son away from her, that Minnie was allowed to hide herself and her misery away as she pleased. Of course, her illness or disinclination to join Mrs West and. George was set" down to a selfish grief at her own monetary loss, and the breach widened daily between the girl and her only friends. George's step never passed her door but her heart bounded with the hope that he was coming to make'friends with her-, but he never came, and the day came when his steps no more resounded in. the widow's home. No one told her what had happened until she could hear the sileftce no longer, when she heard it broken by the bitter weeping of her aunt. Opening her door, she followed the sounds into the parlor, and there, with her face hidden in the sofa pillows, and an old hat of George's clasped to her breast, she found Mrs West. Oh, aunt, what has happened?" the poor little thing cried as she knelt by the sofa, and tried to take her aunt's little bony hand. "Can I do anything? Are you in pain? Oh, do tell me, please, for you frighten me!" Go away, you wicked girl!" the poor widow said, pushing the pretty pale face from her with one feeble hand, "my heart is broken, and the fault is yours. This is the thanks you have given me for home and kindness when there was no other door but mine open to you! You have driven my. son from me, and made me desolate in my old age!" Driven your, son from you!" and poor. Minnie got up from her knees, and tried to steady her trembling-little form by holding to the back of a chair. "Where Is George?" Don't you know? Didn't he tell you?" and Mrs West sat up and stared at the girl with tear-swollen eyes. ; He told me nothing; he has scarcely spoken to me since—since I shamefully insulted him. X called him a larrikin. Aunt West Oh, where is he?" The widow laughed a terrible laugh. 'He has gone wluire some &f; the lajrzikin . blood Witt toe'let tout OfJHm. has gone with the Australian contingent to fight the Boers in South Africa. Go away, you wicked, vain girl, iand leave me alone with my dead hopes!" Poor little broken-hearted Minnie tottered from the room, her face white and ghastly, her eyes tearless. She thought she had been cruelly treated by George. She thought he might have bade her farewell; but she never tried to justify her own wicked words to him. There was a sortjof truce patched up between the two bereaved women, who watched the papers, as the weeks went by, and fancied they could hear in their dreams the whizz of the terrible bullets, and the awful roar of the bursting, death-dealing shells in far away Africa. At last came a terrible day, with news of a great battle, and a list of the"wounded and missing of the Australian corps that had taken part in it. The two women were sitting at the breakfast table when the late papier was delivered. It was Mrs West who unfolded it with trembling hands. Minnie watched) her face speechless, and then a terrible cry went up from the widow. "My son is dead!" she shrieked^ "and his blood is on your head! Head! Read about my brave lad, that you dared to call a larrikin!" and with the words the distracted mother tossed the paper to Minnie, and hurried from the room to hex own-room. .. We deeply regret to record the death of a member of our contingent, who has fallen at the front. Private George West died the death of a hero. . The bravo young fellow fell at the head of his corps, when . gallantly storming the rocky, heights.—ThabaNulu." That was what the poor girl read as Mrs West knelt in her chamber, wrestling with her despair. That poor little Minnie was bitterly punished for her girlish jealousy and Impudent words, is to say little—the news was nearly her death blow. When Mrs West, softened by her tears and her prayers, rose from her knees, and hastened to spea& more pitifully to the stricken girl, she found her on the floor totally unconscious. Her swoon was a long and a dangerous one, and when Minnie recovered from it it was to lie for weary weeks on a bed of sickness. Her aunt' heart smote her often 'when she noted the sunken eyes and pinched face of the girl who" had been so faulty, yet so sweet; but week by week the blue eyes grew more lustreless, and the Sunken cheeks more hollow. M*""*'" had no wish to live, nor did she seem to have the power to rally if she had had the wish. She took little note of what around her, ajnd the widow's heart felt sad for the girl who had been her dead son's darling, but one day Minnie's sad eyes followed her aunt with a growing' wonder. What had happened? Where was Mrs West's broken-hearted air, and her heavy steps? How could she forget so soon? The widow's face was radiant, apd^her steps light. Once or twice she paused by the beddde, as if she would have spoken, but Minnie turned her face away from her, and Mrs West crept on tip-toe from the room. And, presently, when this hot. tears 1 were welling from poor Minnie's eyea, and rolling down the pale little cheeks, and when she was thinking of her lost lover's white'face, lying dead on the far away African hillside,' she heard' the door re-open. Not wishing her aunt to see the tears, she could not repress, she tried furtively to dry them with the sheet under her hand. To her awful surprise, her poor weak fingers were held in a warm grasp, and she'turned in wonder to see the faoe of her lover, not very far from her, for he was kneeling by her bedside. 'V . It was no dead- face she stared at, but a bronzed one, that seemed to her handsomer than ever. Of course it was not Cteorge,Jt was only Imagination^ for her George was dead. Oh that terrible wo£d to the loving survivor In all lands! . One lost is dead! Once more little Minnie swooned. When she. recovered George held her in one arm, and his mother was bathing her forehead frith some essence. One look Into his face, and another at Ids left arm, carried in a sling, end die put out her-Uttle txembtfog hand to touch him, but she dare not, -and drew it back. "You need not fear, my Minnie," he whispered. "It is really X I was not killed, but wfftmded. and have come back invalided to my love. Oh, SBnnle, my Minnie, how ill &on; have been! You look like a . ghost! Oh, my darling, will you ever forgive me?" "Forgive • you.; Hush, George, It Is I who need forgiveness; I was cruel and nasty to you, and I do not deserve—" "A larrikin lover." "Oh, don't George, please don't I was' wickted. " I am thoroughly;' ashamed to look you in the face after all I said, and I thought you were dead* and my remorse was wiling me." "Think no more of it, my darling; we have been wicked all round. Even mother owns'that she was cruel and Larsh to you, my Minnie. But it is all over, and we three are going to be as happy as the day is long." And they were. Minnie got well rapidly, and then there were preparations for a "larrikin's" wedding. 