EOHOES ANDRE - ECHOES. I EBVERBEKAHONS. I [By HUGH KALYPTUS. 1 I CH0N.JE AT ST. HELENA. 1 And I vas to go here. I, Cronje, in der prison island vot der great Naboleon Bony bart he vas ein honored captive. Acli! dot vas goot. I put lue on "some side," I must haf a clean collar and wear a shirt, and I must make my Boers vasli deir faces vonce a week of they don't vas mutiny. It is der custom of deije English und der French, Sheneralls to vash somedimes, und dey . do say dot der common soldiers do it. _ Acli I how mad Englishes vas be mit deir un natuval customs undressing mit der bed und changing deir underclothes efery month. or so. More better dey vas not interfere mit. my Boers like dot, it make some mutinies mit dem. Naboleon der Conqueror of der vorldt until der verdommeKnglischer rooiner-ks bowl him oivd at Vaterloo. Nabo leon! der limperor, der despot^ der Sliene raJ, he vas been here, und I am to be here, 1, Oronje. I feel me proud. I might of been ein Emperor or Despot of der Alri enn l^nipire of it vas not for dot "Bobs. 1 like me not dot Kitchener; -be vas "too many guns'" for me. Kruger, he vas la fool, und Sleyn also, not to know more aboud desc English. They ought to remember dot dey blunder indo victory, und dot Veiling ton he knog sbods off Naboleon. Acli! Wohl! 1 hat nodings to do but dring und smoke und vait till del* var it vas ofer. Bot I am coming here mit del* memory of Nabo leon, und maybe 1 escape as ho did from Elba. .1 make me some plans; we tunnel under der island und got avav to sea. I vas "Naboleon del- twtt times.5 KAl'OI-F.ON'S GHOST. Pardicu-what have we here? What' an exile such jis I was, a great general! Non, 1 hear but a blundering Boer - that fellow Cronje, unacquainted with the ordinaire rules of warfare civilized, an abuser of the flag of truce, a dealer in treachery, a skulker behind roj.ks, a man not of stra tegy, but of subterfuge. Perdition! that my island-should be desecrated by a horde of bushwhackers, cruel as liussia's Cos sacks, having no chivalry, no sense of the honour of nations, and the prestige of the art militaire. The English were ever fools, but they were honest and brave, observing the rulles of legitimate war, and clumsily compassing victory in"tiieir own blundering way, being too stiipid to know when they were beaten And now with their coarse insular taste they are turning St. Helena, rich with the memories of Me, into a j)ig gerv, a 13oer farm, filling it with smoking, coffee - drinking, expectorating Dutchmen. If they come making their boorish observa tions around my tomb I'll come from the soil Erancais to haunt them. They are superstitious as Cossacks, and the phantom of Napoleon le Grande will stir their muddy brains to fright. Wellington would never of permitted such a sacrifice. What.' ilille tonnere! Are 'the associations of a great general and maker of kings to be ?lei)led by a set of dirty Dutchmen? Par bleu! It is ignorance magnifique, stupidity sublime, coarseness unprecedented, vul garity stupendous, but so very English. Ah! ("id. it is well my remains wore re moved. Stolid, heavy, iincliivalrous, pig headed Boers heavily lumbering over the walks where Napoleon the Terror of Eu rope-strode meditating upon the mutability of human affairs-but it is quite English, the idea Periide Albion! "Bobs'' is paying hi* expenses all light. 'The calm business-like way in which he walks around picking up such unconsidered trifles as a dozen or so railway engines, a trifling matter of a few tliousand tons of stores, saveloys, Frite sausages, biltong, tins of coffee, plugs of tobacco, and corn bread is quite amusing. "Hobs'' does not seem to think much of it, faUing it all in the way of business-he just' mentions it as a matter of course, that s all As a juve nile friend of mine says-"You can't knock any spots off 'Hobs." tSomebody comes to him and says in a casual sort of wa\, "There are eight or tf-n thousand Boers at iS'o-and-So, or thereabouts," and he takes Ins oitf.tr out of his mouth. "Indeed! 1 tens his girth up a hole or two, says to Tom my Atkins, "Here's a job for you. Tommy; oblige mc by turning their flanks."' Tommy gets a i'vnivl butcher of beer at the canteen, sees that his cartridges are all right, like wise his bayonet-spcciaKy his bayonet and goes and docs it. He comes liack, sa lutes, savs-"We done it general, and "Hobs"' savs-"Thanks, (jo and get some refreshments."' Tommy gets another but cher and remarks to his mates in camp, i-asual-like-"We've just been and rounded up them Boers, 'ave a butclier," and dis misses it from his mind. When he writes home he tells "the girl lie walked with ca sual, or his wife, or his sister, or his cousin, or his aunt all about what he had to eat and drink with kindred matters, and men tions incidentally - "\Ye was fightin yes terday, five or seving ours, just as'it the relief' of Kimberlev and Ladysmith, the battle on the Modder River, Maagersfon tein, and scrimmages of that sort were snn piv all in the day's work. The Bntish soldier and sailor is the simplest - minded hero out. That's why he wins his battles. The celeb: ations of St. Patrick's Day in mv own vicinity on Saturday last was free and generous, and "th' whisky flowed like wither, so id did." Judging from the num ber of libations it Struck me that jl rat Patrick had responded in kind lie would have seen more snakes "the next day than ever he himcd out. of Ireland 1 in think ing and the gates of Pa i;a<hse would have Btood considerably more than ajar for want of attention from the jovial doorkeepers. "J'was tli' hoigth av festevity, lashnis av liquor an' good humour, more betoken twas It reminds me of the cftect of a heat wa\ e thus: I've ;i head that is swelled liko a melon) A toiigntt like a niaUee stick, A throat like a piecc of piping, _ And a month l'kc » sunburnt brick; And il'i> all along of an cv'ning I spout with a few nice folk, Swapping varus o'or the whisky. And filling Hie room with smoke. # "J'was all alonp of the weather, And cigarettes, I think, Und the vain that the parson (old us" And niixiiifr yos, mixing, the drink.' Aivl tliey tell me that I started Full ii'innr an ancient joke; But somehow the point was missing Though 1 had it before I spoke. And now I've a head telescopic. That opens and shuts in 11 way, That tells me the whisky bottle Is down at low tide to-day. 1 fancy St Patrick must feel like that. 