CHAPTER IX;-OCCUPATION OF THE ANGELS. A vary pc-stilence of bullets swept against ns as we left the cover pf the trees tirid diiuhed across the bare, strip, and every mo ment the line of heads above the white parapet of the fort grew blacker with nam Iters. Our men were falling, with fearful rapidity, but their discipline held. They ke pt to their line, neither spurting forward nor lingering behind; and because the order hud not been given, they fired no single .shot. A set of iron targets could not have endured that terrible punishment more stoical^'. We reached a point thirty yards from the v.-alls, and a bugle rang out a lusty call. One half of our little force stopped instant ly, (hopping behind any boulder or clump of grass which would oiler a vestige of shel ter, and offering a smart fire with their re pcating-rilles to cover the attack of the rest. It was the fusillade of practical marksmen, and as coolly delivered as if they had been firing at the range on the White Tortuga Key. It did heavy execu tion, but there was such an abundance of men in the fort that as fast as one fell an other was ready tp stop up the gap. P.y this time we had come <to a very fit mind for the work. We had ceased to be men having human fears; the thought of death or maiming had gone from us: the lu>t of the battle had filled us like long draughts of spirit. We bit our teeth, and thought of nothing but getting at hand grips. We readied the foot of the white con crete wall, and stood in a ditch sown with on iply tins and crockery. For an instant we'found a lee out of tne pelting; but for nn instant only. The next the soldiers Were craning over the parapet and shoot inc down on us. I cannot speak of what happened collec tively after this. It was a time for indi vidual striving. I only know what occurred to myself. From out of the blinding, stink ing smoke one of tne defenders fell down between me and the wall, striking my arm . as he fell. I gripped one of our fellows, drew him to me, and made bim stand on the corps. Then I clambered 011 to his shoulders, and stpod for a second panting and blindly nuzzling the wall. The sweat ar.d the siVioke poured in my eyes, and I could not see a tliifig, but sweeping about with my fingers found a crack in the ma tionry. Somebody from above made a stab at me with a bayonet. My spare hand closed 011 it; I gave a spring f^om below, and next in stant was on the ridge of the wall. The man with the bayohet Wrenched it from my grasp and drew it back to stab. _ At the same moment some one behind raised a rifle and fired, and the man fell with half his head blown away, Remembering the thing afterwards, I con i-hided'that that shot was intended for me; but at the time I did nc(t stop to think; was not even ithiankftil for the let-oif; but picking up a rifle from the ground, raged H'iih the hutt; against every man I could sse. Indeed there was no lack of them. Tliey ringed me round in a fence of weapons and fcavajre faces with teeth gleaming like dogs, nnd had nob relief come they^ must surely have got me down in another few seconds. But first another o,f our men clambered up, and fired a revolver frqm so close be hind that the grains of powder struck my neck; and then from through the smoke the general came with a dozen others; and then from the other side of the fort there came a diversion of another kind. Carew's men had turned up just in the nielt of tame. We knew of it first by a rattle of startled yells, then by ^ome unmistakably British Eliouts (which, if the truth be known, were mainly -curses), and then by some bugle calls and a thinning ofthe soldiers who were trying to drive u| back over the Avails, The fi^lit eddied, anq staggered, and dwindled like a snowiball which is set on L warm hob. The Spaniards ibegan to throw away their weaiwns and run for the barracks in the middle of the fort. Our men. killed a little more to appease the "manes" of t;heir com rades: "Here's an end to you to square uto for poor old Frank," olie would eay. and 'To hell y<QU go, my soil," another'would fiiiout, "because you sent my best clium there ten minutes back;", but considering the place 'had been carried by etoriii. thert was 110 glowing atrocities in the sack. The men sodn calftied down, what few there were left of <theaii; and stood ready £0 46 the general's bidding.. There was much t6 be gone through before he got his hand over all Los Angeles. Orders followed on. the heels of one another Tvith quick dispatch. First, Siine men were sent to summon the other nine fo>rts to surrender, each of them being accompanied by a comrade who carried A white flag. Next we set about gaoling the prisoners, disarming them thoroughly, and stowing them in a long narrow cellar. At the entrance of this 4 -couple of Norden feldte were run up sq ag to rake the whole ! if necessary, and, as only two men could be spared as sentries, the prisoners were given clearly to understand that at the least sign of trouble -they would be annihilated. And thi n gun crews were apportioned off to the big Krupp cannon witfh which, the fort was armed with ammunition carriers 1»i supp-ly them. , . ... We officers saw to these duties, ana then gathered round the general, who had sta tioned himself at the foot of the flagstaff in the centre of the fort. Oarew had a red bandJage round Jiie left arm, and carried it in a 6ling made from his sash. The rest of us "were unwejunded, save for myself, who ?had picked up from somewhere or other a bayonet graze against tjhe fifth rib. "Fluellen," said the general, "has failed sne badly. He will probably have "good ex cuses; but I do not care for excuses; I prefer good service. Coffin, you and your men behaved splendidly. You have lost' very heavily, but I will see that all who remain, over are thoroughly rewarded. Sir William, you were late.' "I know it, general, and I am sorry. We came aa soon as we could. We didn't stop to loot a thing, but the road was blocked by trOops in four places, and we had to fight our way through. We tailed about three times our own weight of them, ana it cost us twenty-four men to do it. They were-bad in discipline, they were nothing special as fighters, but they just rioted in numbers." , " "Well," said the general, you came m time to save our Skins, and we have this fort, and I thank you for it.'' . "What about the wounded, sir? Davis SU"f\>rCthe present they must attend to themselves, poor felloys with what help the two doctors can give. I have too few sound men left to spare a single one just now We may be engaged again any minute. And now, gentlemen, back to your posts, please, and if you see any of the otliter fotfts below beginning to train guns on us, concentrate oil your force and smash them at once. Our envoys cannot reach the nearest of tliem for naoiher half-hour yet." The sun was high and bnght by tins time, and llu1 palms and the green, heavy laced banana leaves swung in the crisp sea breeze. The city lay beneath us, very beautiful and very restless. _ The houses stood out in little dabs of white and pink and mauve amongst the greenery, and lrom out of the houses soared up the cathedral with its great square towers of amber coloured stone. A bell clanged mourntully in one of its turrets. In the t'treets here and there mine black dots moved about hurriedly* slinking m at doors, and going at the run across the open plazas. But there were no big congregations of people: the tramcars were Stopped; ana it was clear that the greater part of the folk Were staying within the houses and waiting what the day might bring forth. We too, were expecting that eime thing with no little eagerness. We were pretty well strung up by what had gone before. We wei'e ready either for a desperate bom bardment or to receive capitulation. Ana whatever was to come, we wanted it soon, because our wounds and our bruises were "S&TidC;* say, «il «ic »Tic doesn't begin1 again soon, 01 if soniebodj doesn't give ine the equivalent of a wlnsUv and soda, I sffall sit down in some retired corner and bust." , " ,. "I don't know what m the fiends name we're going through all this palaver for at all," said Carew. "We've turned the position; and if we'd given each of those other forts a dose straightaway we d have blown half .of them to rags and made the others surrender in a hurry, linen vie should have had a good excuse to sack the town and get hold of a thing or two, worth having X bet there are lovely pickings 111 that Cathedral. Oh, lx>rd, if I only could get hold Of that fat old priest who keeps the plate chest, and squeeze him. .... "You sacrilegious'ruffian, said ^oHm, laughing, "'there is no talk of sacking this, our very prosperous city of Los Angele*. We're reformers, not pirates. "Oh, where's the difference?"' "The reformer's methods are far less crude than the pirate's. He gets hold ot the place first, as .quickly and suavely as may toe, and then tightens his grip on it, and squeezes out all the goiod things into his own pocket, The pirate is a person never spoken about now in decent society. l'Jiere is too much tfed paiut and pistols about him for the murder idea." "Look Jiere," said Carew, "yuu d better go and talk to Davis. Your excellent sen timents will just about suit him. ^llioy le wasted oh me; I'm past improving.' "I don't think that anything but a rope and a lamp { post will cure you, said Coffin, "and tliat's a fact. But, hullo, look there. It eeemfe as if we are going to be saved further shouting. There goes up the »:hite flag Oil one of the water forts, and what's this - 'JPWKB' on two of ifche others. What does that mean? Where s the signal-book?" Davis came up with it, and turned over the pages on the chase of a gun. " 'DWI1B' means 'surrendered. The other forts seemed only to be wait ing fur the lead. Another white Hag flut tered up to one of the redoubts . 011 the heights, and from two others 'DWH'B broke out in sivlashcs of gaway colour. The others followed within a minute or eo. The defences of Liis Angeles had all capitulated -it only remained for us to take possession. Just albout that time, with a clatter of hoofs and a jangle of harness, Pluellen's battery came to us up one of the forest roads. A sergeant, a fellow from JVlatabe leland, was in command, and Fluellen lay a limp, senseless mass across some of the limbers. They had met with the worsV kind of luck. * Their plans liad been fore stalled. They had been beset by masses 01 troops at every poiiit, and it was only bj a man-el of pluck and cleverness that they escaped annihilation. They lost half their numbers in these fierce attacks, and when at last they did get through, it was only to meet with a crushing disappointment. The Nuca del Diabolo had been guarded in a way there was no getting over. The lower ledges, by whioli time before Briges had climbed to the summit, had been blasted away by dynamite charges. ' The foot of the crag was made ijito a smooth precipice a hundred feet in height. The fjacaronduean troops were waiting for them even there, and m repelling their last desperate assault Fluellen fell with a bullet through his sifte. . ... , "Coffin," eaid the Generalf I shall leave voi? nere in the post of honour to hold t;Ws fort for me ana Jieep command of the city, Tfou &jll; have five and thirty sound men itia bom (the doctors, afid you will do all toil Can for the Wounded. Bossiibly you can set small eqtiaas of prisoners to work help ing you. Do so if you see a chance, and anyway treat t'hem well. _ I wish to gam the ariny over to. piy side if it can be done, because then it will cost far less life to win the country." > Even witih the total submission or the day e WOII& » xWJ<t\y Viuc» BUiuicio inarched. Into the great plaza where our Maxim baitteriefi wefe drawn up, piled tfheir arms, aid marched oft tb tW Vwo Sarge WarenoiiEee where they were billeted under fcuard. The arms were catried up in mule Wagons to Carew's post, ns were alfeo the breech-blocks of the great guns in the other forts; and, in fact, the means of offence . was itaken away from the city as thorough ly as possible, and yet without doing any unnecessary damage. The general's policy was to carry matters with tne firmest pos sible hand, but yet at the same tibnfi to leave everything free for conciliation, Then began the political movement. In the ordinary course of events & groat ball was to have taken place in tne city two evenings after our landing, |n aid of a charity. In tne scare which followed it was very naitural that this should be for gotten by some entirely, and dropped by others through the press of greater excite ments. But it did not suit the general's book that this balU should fall 'through. He got the list of acceptances, and sent out invitations to all the considerable people of the city ivho had not already got 'tic kets, with the significant rider thai the non - appearance would be. construed into a personal slight. Now dancing is not in my way, and ac curately speaking I should not say it was in the general's; but he was a man who was quite ready to turn his hand to anything at an in reason which would serve <his ends, and I-well, I wa» his Secretary. So to the great electric-lighted opera house we both went in accurate evening dress, t'he general wearing the Order of the Gem-Orchid of Sacaronduca, with its crimson ribbon at his throat.' The whole affair was frankly political. Twenty of our chaps-splendid looking sol diers they were too-formed a guard of hon our uip tine two sides of the grand staircase. The General stood at the top before a small knot; of notables, and as each group came up, a steward told me their names, and I presented them formally. 1 was anx ious to hand that duty on to Davis, and the General was quite willing; but Davis (after vast consideration and careful study of the subject; in some aiboniinable work on etiquette) stammered out some yarn to the eifeot that he was not sufficiently certain of himself, and dreaded tiiat he migh commit come "fans pas." For a man whose one amlbition in life was to advance himself socially, Davis was singularly nervous and diffident. ; - . . The General, of course, here was caL'.eJ by the Spanish form of his name, Don listebian Puentos, and mixing with the peo ple, I was astonished to find what a strong reputation he had made for himself during his previous life in the country. One fierce partisan of his (a lady, by the way) said to "me, "Senor, lie was tjhe man of the mo ment when he left us; now that he comes back we look to him as a second BoliWir." "That is very well," I said; "but,- what is more to the point, will the country as sist to liberate itselfV" "Certainly it will," she answered. "The troops you conquered yesterday will be ready enough to help oil your side to-mor row. Fighting is their trade, but lighting agaiust such Paladins as your young gen tlemen hiave proved themselves to be is an occupation too dangerous to be steadily profitable. Offer them arms, and they will be enthusiastic in> your support."' "That doesn't sound very moral," I said. "Mais que voule-vous?" (are they not sol diers that we sipeak about?) she replied. "Say, lUther," suggested a littje woman in pince-nez who joined us, "that they have fought for. a bad Government, be cause it was the Government, and there was no other in view. I can't have you being rude to our service, Mr. Birch. There are some awfully nice boys in it. By the way, are 'you any relation to the Birches of Lisrtafikea in County Waterford? i'd a great friend there once- Willie Birch, that broke his neck driving home from a Cork race meeting!" "I'm afraid I'm not Irish. Do you know that island well?" "Born there, Mr. Birch, and lived there most of my time till 1 married Don Juan Carmoy. You have a air. Coffin with you, I'm told. Is he one of the Galway Coffins, or is he connected with the Devonshire lot?" "lie's Irieh certainly, and I fancy he comcs-from the West." "I knew a Hugh Coffin once-Wee Hugh, they called him-who played number one in their country polo team, and was always getting cursed for crossing. There was al ways terrible language flying about the ground when Wee Hugh sat down to ride. He went abroad to England and other places afterwards. ? 1 wonder if he's the same." shouldn't wonder," I said. "Our man's Hugh, I know, and he rides 8 stone easily. He's on duty to-night, but I'll introduce him to-morrow if 1 may, and let him an swer for himself. And now would you ex cuse me for just eighteen seconds? I'm the General's Secretary, a«d I must see what this despatch is about." A cablegram had been handed to me from the great linn in Europe who were financing .the revolution. This ia how it ran. translated, of<-course, from the private code in which it was written: [Copy.] From Holstein's, London. "To C. 0. Revolutionary Forces, "Los Angeles, Sacaronduca. "1'eceived your cable announcing cap ture of town. Offer congratulations. We learn on undeniable authority that a firm whose interests are opposed to ours has made a determined bid to overset your en terprise. Who their agent is we cannot dis cover, but we have learnt that he is a needy, desperate man, and formerly in the British Service. He is to be paid by results. If by any device he succeeds in crashing j'ou, our opponents have guaranteed him a payment cf half a million sterling draw able on a London Bank. This seems to hint that some tremendous weapon will be used against you; and though we know no thing of its nature, we thought best to put you on your guard." I had been obliged to go to my quarters for the code book, and the translation was tedious, so that an hour had passed before I got back to the opera house to give the general the news. The scene there had en tirely changed. I had left a brilliant, glit tering assembly, rather ill at ease, and rust ling with an uneasy curiosity. The band, the warmth (and perhaps the champagne) had livened, it up. The excitement was there before, latent and subcutaneous; the&e; tilings had set It loose: and from excite ment had fpoWn enthusiasm, Tha place was all aglow with it. Women with their cheeks flushed, men with their eyes bright with tingling moisture, stood oh the poor of the house, listening to k Woman wjip spoke to them from a firsfc tier box, I aid not hear what she said to fctir them up like this. I only saw her as she finished-a lithe, beautiful creature with diamonds in her black hair, and lovely bare rounded arms which gesticulated as she Spoke-and heard the last words. "Long live President Puentos!" she cried, and the answering "viva'a" made the greatt theatre tremble like thunderclaps. t:ver did any man have such «n ovation, aver, I think, did any man have such a arowioh. I turned and b^w Donna Cartmoy at my elbow. She was pale as a ghost and trem bling violently, "Delicia here!" I heard her mutter. "Delicia here and playing that part! What can it all mean?" 