SHORT 'STOE- The Marbles Tripped the Lady, X. ' Hullo I What do I see P Two boys groping in the mud— playing marbles in the road? Not my boys, surely P. Not after the lecture I read them yesterday upon the danger — to pedestrians—of street marble "playing ? And yet ! — No! . . . Yes ! I feel positive they are a couple of my scholars. Daniel Shawley and Harry i — uuu ow uunui luu iu uuo giuug tuttu they are unconscious of my near prox- mity. ' Now, what's to be done ?' queried the master of the Voluntary School. ' Inclina tion bids me walk the other way, seeing nothing ; but duty says 'Catch the de linquents red-handed.' Dear, dear ! Such a simple-minded game as marbles is ! -duo x nave war near ne Doys against it. x have written it down' a capital offence, a public danger, ard ' Mr. Baplingham sighed deeply. It was a pastime in which- he himself— half a century back — had excelled mightily. It was a paatime-7-hush 1 never let the Vol untary School boys get wind of it— in which Mr. Baplingham, aged sixty, stern,' unbending schoolmaster; still indulged, in the privacy of his study. Such a fascinating game!' repeated Mr. Baplingham, as he strode away to- the execution of his duty;;-.'. And fifty: years ago I was the veriest culprit. Still' —ho straightened his scholarly back and stiffened his drooping shoulders — 'since I have ordered the game to be numbered with tho crimes I must collar the criminals.' It was at an exciting moment that Mr. Baplingham strode to the execution of his duty. Dan Shawley had won so per sistently that Harry Tuft was fingering his last marble. With the greatest care — and a moderate amount of luck — the loser realised that he might yet regain tho cherished Btore of marbles that jingled in Dan's pocket, and in tho boy's face was-, mirrored all the concentrated judgment he was bringing into play over this final Bkot. . Knuckles to ground, marble poirod fin- cer and thumb, little Tuft erased anxiously and nervously at the two marbles that,' lying at an easy angle, and distance from each other, might well be worn in one , shot. . Mr. Baplingham's eyes ' took . in the situation at a glance as ho came up, un noticed. His lips parted : as if to spoak, but after remaining in thiit attitude for a minute they automatically closed again. The interest in the game had seized him. His eyes were devouring "the situation' greedily. Suddenly he spoke. Lower 1' he said, in. a voice of tense excitement. ' Knuckles lower, boy. You will never bit it if yen cock your fingers up like that.' The schoolmaster's voice struck- the as tonished boys like a swish from a birch. With one accord they sprang to their feet. But the movement did not detract from Mr. Baplingham's interest in the game. In fact, to the boys' unlimited amazement, that gentleman had dropped upon one knee and, picking up the marble that had fallen from young Tuft's paralysed hand, fingered it with the easy confidence of the I expert. 'Watch me, boy!' be said. 'Knuckles down like that. Marble easy, bo ; thumb strong, ; but not rigid. Hit the first marble yonder slightly on the side, so as to cannon neatly into the ' seoond like- that I' 1 'Bravo !' : - Dan Shawley s ovation swungthe school master back to his sixty years of age. In the privaoy of hie study where, with the ju&rblBB; conziBoatea cL\inu agssohSj tuo schoolmaster was wont to talk and laugh to himself while he played with an imaginary opponent, there-was never any applause. Mr. .Baplingham stood upright, con scious of the indignity, of the prooeeding. Then he became aware of an approaching vehiole (the Battleys' victoria) and hot blood suffused his cheekB. If. the Battleys (Major Battley, the Chief Constable, was a manager of the Voluntary School) had seen him on one knee playing marbles in the road With ! He walked rapidly onward, conscious that the Battleys victoria had pulled up in the vicinity of his degradation. Had they seen him P and had they pulled up to question those boys, upon the, singular spectacle of ,a schoolmaster kneeling to play marbles with his scholars at the road side? 'If so, I can never outlive the disgrace!', sighed the bewildered.-man," I shall be obliged to leave tho school and, in some far-away town, to seek a livelihood at the age of sixty !' n. Major Battley waBcholerio with rage-as,- next day he hurried into the- schoolroom. ' I've said it before, sir; but without effect. . I now repeat it, and look to yo a, 4 Mr. Baplingham, to put the order into execution. Marble playing in -the public thoroughfare must oease at onoe 1' ex claimed the Chief Constable. ' I will Bee to it, Major Battley,' softly sponded the schoolmaster. The major surveyed tho assembled .Scholars from beueath contracted brows. ' I wonder if he spotted us ?' whispered Harry Tuft to his' neighbour, 'No!' replied Dan, Shawley .- ' Old Baplingham daren't; give us away,' chuckled Tuft. ' Shut up 1' said Dan. ' ."Old Bap's shivoring in his shoes. Doesn't he look miserable. I say, Dan, if-—' ' . " ' " ' ' 'Shutup!' And Dan gave his friend an effective poke in the ribs. ' It's simply disgraceful,' continued the major, ' that a lady cannot step from her carriage in tho publia road without trip ping over marbles left about by a set of young scallywagB.' . 'I trust the lady was- not-injured,' said Mr. Baplingham, who would have given a month's salary to know whether his par ticipation in the game of marbles was sus- pected by the major. 'Nothing beyond -bruises,' testily re plied the Chief. Constable, ' but ladies don't like tumbling about in tho road, and this is the third complaint I've receivod from ladies who have slipped and fallen over these young monkeys playthihgs. This time the victim was ono of my own family . The lady was getting .out of the carriage to pick a bunch of berries at the roadside ! she gathered a bunch of bruises instead.' ... He glared across at tho shivering boy, and added ; , . - . 'I'd give the; young rips who left- the marbless on the footpath a cool licking if. I could lay hands on them; But the little cowards ran away when they saw the mis chief they had done, and they haven't tho courage to own up now.' The schoolmaster released a broath of glad relief. The boys had run away; therefore it was probable that his own share in the game was unsuspected. He glanced at Dan Shawley. Would ho con- ' I'll birch the first boy the police catch marble playing in the public highway !' declared the Chief Constable and strutted out of school. Mr. Baplingham .watched him, and the ghost of a smile illumined his thin lips and sparkled faintly through his glasses— the smile of danger averted. He was so absorbed that ho did not see Dan Shawley Blij) out through a back classroom, from which he hastened down a book thorough- faro thet slid gently down into the High Street. Then he stopped and gazed anxiously, in all directions. But the major was hot in sight. - ' He" can't have got out of sight if . he came this way,' commented Dan, 'yet lie isn't insight any way ; therefore he didn't" come this road; tliereforo ho went across the fields, which is the only other way.' - Euclid had not been dunned into Dan Shawley's head for nothing. He turned on his his heel and retracing his steps, dashed past tho school and gained the fields. Half a mile distant the major was quietly pursuing his way towards the Battleys' residence, the smoke frqm. a cigar leaving tho trail of a miniature ex- press tram. 1 Dan hopped across the stile and started, in pursuit. The country was flat as a pancake and well-nigh naked of vegetation— In the distcagA clustered a few we/'WF-beaton, partlusmautled hayricks. $ Jhe footpath passed the ricks; the major- followed the winding footpath ; Dan Shawley struck a bee-line across the sodden fields, hoping to intercept tho maj or near the cluster. Thus it came about that Dan saw tho man "conic, ealed behind the largest of the hayricks, while the major remained ignor-" ant of the fellow's presence. More than.- that, Dan saw that thy follow in hiding held a rifle, and, more Buggestive still, was taking an occasional Bight at the Chief Constable's approaching figure, using a corner of the. rick that sheltered him from view as a gun rest. Dan's heart began to bump at the dis covery. The man's motive was obviously ' to shoot Major Battley as soon as that' gallant officer should present a good enough target. Dan'B mouth opened to omit a yell of warning ; but it snapped to ' again without emitting the yell. Theu it was that Dan, who could run, -began to doit; and as he: ran, his eyes, wild- looking and feverish, twitched to and ; fro in the lines of sight that respectively covered the chief constable and his wait- i n n» neoni'lonf ""ft w-umiuruu. Twice within the next two minutes, Major Battley stood still, obviously' hesitating between continuing his present routo and returniug to the town, and on- each occasion tho man behind tho-hay- rick took careful aim, while Dan Shawley's throat -filled with a ready shout of. warning. ' But the' major continued his way, and Dan gained distance at each moment of indecision. ' The ground was soft after the autumn floods; but for that the man, intent.upon his victim, must have heard the flying steps. Yet he didn't; and to Dan it was just a question whether the major would pass the hayrick — and get shot — before he himself could get within touch of the shooter. The first of the cluster of hayricks shut the major from the boy's eyes. Dan shovelled on tho coal of determination until his voice broke in such resounding sobs that only the intensely absorbing nature of the deed he was about to commit could have prevented them from reaching the desperado's ears. But the latter was peering intently round the rick, and his ears wero only for the major's . firm footsteps on the gravel footway. . Suddenly, between the ricks, - the major caught a glimpse of the flying schoolboy, and marvelling, Btood still. That was the desperado's opportunity. Twenty yards or so separated the shooter and the man to bo shot, .; ' xne aesperaao ran ms eye along tne sightless barrel. ' Now, my gallant major !' he muttered, ' I've got yor ! Last year you got me six months' hard for poachin' — with violence. That was your day ; this is ' The man with the gun felt something at his ankles, and with thoughts of a stray dog, kicked backward with a vigorous foot. Then he tried to turn round and attack his adversary from the front ; but Dan Shawley dragged the second ankle so vigorously from under the man's body that the latter fell face forward to the ground with the helplesB thwack of a man taken unawares. ' Crack !' cried the rifle, for the fellow's hand had been ready on tho trigger. III. ' If you please, sir, it was mo who was playing, marbles in the road when Mrs. Mrs. Battly fell over yesterday afternoon.' Major Battley,' who had followed Dan at the first glance of his fleeting figure through the hayricks, and come up to him in time to see the boy's plucky assault upon the poacher (who, self-shot through the arm, nevor attempted to rise) stared at the diminutive lad for a whole minute before he broke into a loud peal of laughter. ' What's that got to do with this villain who was evidently waiting to shoot me as I passed P' he asked. 'You're a queer little chap.' ' I saw you in school this morning, sir.' ' And I remember that I saw you. If you were the hoy I was asking for, why didn't you speak up and admit your guilt?' 'Because ' Dan's eyes sought the ground, then wandered up the hayrick and down again. ' Because I didn't want to — then, sir.' 'But why not?' persisted the major, possessing himself of the gun and esti mating his prisoner's wound with the cool ness of a man who had seen some rough service. Why not ?' ' I — I'd rather not tell you, sir.' ' A secret?' . ' If it" is, nobody asked ma to keep it,' assorted Dan.' ' Then you won't tell me.' ' I'd rather not, sir.' ' But see how curious you leave me !' 'I'd take it as a favour, sir, if you wouldn't ask me,' added Dan. 'Well,' s major, ' you stand con-! victed of hsmug thrown a lady on her face through your carelessness iu rolling marbles about the public thoroughfares, but on my honour I can't scold you foi it, seeing what you've j ust done for me.' And the major allowed the matter to drop, but later on, when the poaoher had been secured in the town hospital, and the major was turning over the events of the day, he received a note frem M. . Baplingham, confessing his share in the game of marbles that had ended so awk wardly for Mrs. Battley. And the Chief Constable understood. .' Plucky little, kid, he exolaimed; 'he wouldn't give his schoolmaster away. I must see that' youngster again. He saved my life. . If .the incident had happened in front of the' enemy' ho would have got tho V.C. He ought to bo a soldier.' To Mr. Baplingham the major wrote : . Thanks for. your explanation, Let the inoident drop! I saw nothing — I shall say nothing. I suffer from a boyish weak ness myBelf — top-spinning on the quiet.' — , , m,. ... i , „ — .. During the last hundred years there has been a groat decline in the art of porce lain manufacture in China.' Tht so-called Imperial manufactory, however; continues to produce choice specimens. , It is a noteworthy fact thai in "Utah there is not one Irish Mormon, i 