I IAN AND A GENTLEMAN BY RICHARD MARSH, Autlior of "The Beetle," "A Mystery," ' 'The Datcbet Diamonds," "The Crime and the Criminals," etc., etc. CHAPTER XIX.— (Continued.) 4 "Doilie! Thafs rude! But I'll pass it by, because, as a matter of fact, I have a penchant for examining the features of regular villains. What sort of person would you suppose he is to look at?" . "That's his portrait which hangs in the hall." "Yes, but that was taken when he was still a boy, before the brand of villainy was on his brow." "I don't suppose he's much altered. We Folhurstons have always been famous for our good looks, and for our knack of keeping them." Miss Gifford held up her hands. "Was ever such conceit! What a dread ful thing it must be for a family to cherish such a superstition as that, when oniy tne superstition itself remains! Because you must find it difficult, at times, to induce people to believe that you are good-look ing, merely because, according to the family legend, you ought to be. Some times people will credit the evidence of their own senses. Haven't you found it so?" "We hatsen't all got twenty blacka moor cousins, as yet." "You may as well say 'as yet.' In that case the worst is known. In the case of our uncle Blaise, who knows what unim aginable crimes may be .brought before the light of day, even to twice twenty blackamoors! But I'il forgive you, for all the cruel things you've said, and ail the cruel things you think, and I'll tell you what. When you introduce me to our uncle Blaise, if you like I'll kiss him for your sake!" "I shouldn't be the least surprised if, be fore very long, you want to kiss him for his own." "Doilie!" When the train stopped at Plymouth the gentleman hi the corner got out. The two girls began to discuss him the instant his back was turned. Said Miss Gifford: "Do you know liim? He bowed, and said good-bye as if he knew you." "I was talking to him before you came in; he talks of having known grandmam ma, and mother, too, once upon a time. He seemed an inoffensive sort of person — one of those colorless, elderly men, the monotony of whose lives has been inter rupted by nothing more remarkable than the vicissitudes of their annual income." "Sort of dry-as-dust— I know. But you can never tell. An attitude of external re- ticence 'sometimes hides consuming fires within." "That's twaddle— penny noveletty." "He hadn't got bad eyes — they remind ed me of you." "Of me!" "I don't mean to say that you haven't got bad eyes, because, of course, you have. But, every now and then, when he looked round, there was something in his eyes which I've seen over and over again in yours— it's in them now." "What an imaginative person you are!" "And what an unobservant one you are. I'm persuaded that you spend more than half your time before the looking-glass, so that one would think that you would at least know what sort of eyes you really have— but it seems you don't." vnn b-nniTT T'rvi hncrinn i n ct + suspect that you're fond of making per sonal remarks which are not in the best taste?" "Are you? Think of that now! How precise we're getting. ' With advancing years, are you really becoming proper? Well, there's room for improvement in that direction— heaps. Do you never make per sonal remarks, my dear?" "Oh, yes, now and then, when the occa sion requires them— but then they are al ways in good taste." "The conceit of her." "To know oneself is not to be conceited; it is what we are all of us enjoined to do." "And you think you know yourself? Dear, dear! 'Where ignorance is bliss!' " Once more Miss Gifford raised her hands, and the train travelled into Cornwall. As Mr Blaise Polhurston was being driven through the Plymouth streets, his lips continued to formulate the two words — "Uncle Blaise! Uncle Blaise!" They seemed to tickle him; for after about the twentieth repetition, he smiled. "How odd it sounds— her Uncle Blaise!" CHAPTER n- — P.T.ATRE POLHURS- '.TON GOSHOME. RfaVjflarir-asker than he expected. Ijqpjifsed him. The fa£e\of the country fQil /t'harwfld.bFan&Sarks..; tad been re- iiq,v4d, DcfirAv 1 th whj cp he had been lVmUhun and. whosecontipifed presence he coiyMCTtTjrTpped liadA'anished; others, of whicfr hV ftfaiw nothing, had taken their place. MotHMg was as it used to be. He had not counted on finding himself so en tire a stranger in a place with every inch of which he had supposed himself to be Intimately acquainted." The passage of years had left Its impress even on that re mote corns' of the world. He was In clined to be sorry that he had set out on the adventure. And 3'fit he had felt himself Incapable of running the risk of encountering -such a reception as that suggested by Miss Doi lie Hamilton. Triumphal arches, brass bands, to welcome him home! That might not be. He would alight at the adjoining station, towards the evening, and would walk, through the shadows, across the in tervening stretch of country, home. He would arrive there, unheralded, unan nounced, with as little fuss or ceremony, as if he had quitted it but an hour be fore. It would be best like that. But he had not grasped the situation as it now presented Itself to him. The night was unusually dark, the station but a strip of a platform which served a scat tered hamlet. With It he left behind all visible signs of human existence. It was some six or seven miles across country to Polhurston, through lanes, over a strip of woodland, through the home woods. That was as he remembered it. But he had not gone very far before he discovered that, at least in this light, his memory played lUJll laisci tja-tc agaiuflb PUiwi auu- denly came into contact, brought him to a standstill, to discover that he had lost his bearings. He had strayed off the proper road; the lane into which lie had strag gled was, apparently, an impasse — unless they had put a gate up since his time. He retraced his steps, to presently plunge into what seemed to be a labryinth of twisting lanes. He stopped. He had a compass on hi3 chain. He examined it with the aid of a match. So far as he could judge, the lane in which he was, was leading him in a wrong direction. And yet he could not be sure. A few- yards further it might turn — set him straight upon his way. He tried to think where lie might be. In vain. There was nothing to lend assistance to his eyes. He wandered aimlessly on. What was that noise? It was the sound of waters. What was that breath upon his cheeks? Was it not the whisper of the sea? What was the sudden, greater black ness which yawned, all at once, in front of him, which made him suddenly stop short, which set him shivering? He was standing upon the edge of the cliff— the Samphire Cliff. The knowledge of his whereabouts came upon him with an instant intuition. Down below him was the island — that reef of dreadful rocks. It was against it the waves were breaking; that was the noise which he had heard. Another step, he would have been over, hurtling through the air, rebounding from the points of jagged stone, plunging into the whirlpool of the continually contend ing waters. As he started hack, he sweated. His knees shook. When he had retreated, backwards, perhaps a dozen yards, he subsided on to the ground. ! trembling. What an escape he had had! But it had, at any rate, made him ac quainted with his whereabouts. There were the home woods, then, upon his right. He advanced towards them gingerly, feel ing, with outstretched arms, for the stone wall which, he remembered, girdled them. There it was. He recognised in it the presence of an old friend. There "used L to be a gate farther down the road, per haps a hundred yards. This was not the part of the wood which he had been mak ing for. By some accident, which he did not understand, he had struck one end in stead of the other. But to have found the woods at all was something. The gate which he was searching for opened into a grassy road, which, in the old days, was wont to be used as a drive when a rare visitor was to be taken to enjoy the view from the Samphire Cliff looking towards Godrevy. It was the gate which was farthest from the house. The winding road passed both the upper and the lower lakes, through a part of the grounds which, in bad weather, was very like a swamp. He found It. The latch emitted a grating sound as he lifted it, the gate shrieked on its rusty hinges as he threw it back. He entered the woodland road. The mystery of the woods was obvious, even in the night. What was that which brushed against - his hair — which shaved his cheeks — which alighted, for an instant, on his eye lids? Were they fingers? Of what? Of whom? He stopped, suddenly, looking about him with bewildered glances. What was that noise? Was it not laughter? Who was laughhing at him in the shadow of the trees? He lit a match; he would see, by the light it gave, what might be seen. While it flickered, as he was about to raise it to look round, something— someone struck it out. He trembled so that the box fell from his grasp. He listened. Again! Was that not laughter among the trees? He could not find the matchbox, al though he felt sure that it had fallen just at his feet. What was the cause of . his feeling that something, someone, was playing tricks with him? His nerves had been disorganised by his experience on the cliff. The walk, prolonged beyond his ex pectations, had tired, him. Memories had come sweeping over him at an impression-, able moment The surroundings were weird, the scene awesome. They used to tell, In bygone days, of the Polhurston ghost; of the wraith which, at night time in the woods, used to lie in wait for members of the family when evil loomed over the house. "It was such thoughts as these which bade fair to play the fool with him. He shook himself. He would put them behind him — leave the matchbox where it lay — has ten home. It- must be growing late. If he was not quick, his coming would alarm the house— that .he did not want. . He strode.down the as japidly,;af( the darkness would 'permit There was the pound cf running water. He was nearing the upper lake. Presently!! although the blackness-shrouded it almost wholly, he knew that he had reached it. He paused by the brink, peering through the shadows, "fie passed on. He was moving again through the thickness of the wood. All. at once, something flashed into sud- 4en radiance. It gleamed, like a star, then vanished, leaving the darkness denser than befcre. What was it? A will-o'-the Wisp?- Aglow-worm? Hardly at that sea son of the year. Besides, it had home no resemblance- to either. He went steadily on. It came again; still, as it seemed, She same distance in front. It was not a light in a house, nothing of the kind. It was like a flash of fire, appearing to. him to have the property' of showing, in the brief space of its duration, half-a-dozen dif ferent hues. He advanced more- cautious ly, watching for its re-appearance. It did not come. Instead, there y as borne in upon him, on a sudden, an absolute conviction that some unseen thing was close at hand— somer thing- which was moving through the brushwood, keeping pace at his side. With an effort he continued his advance, stumb ling blindly on; he knew that the- some thing was moving too. Again there was, the sound of running' water; he was near ing the lower lake. As he reached it, there was a splash! Something had plunged into the lake. There was a noise as of something struggling in the water — a mcrtlnor cmxnrl ae nf ficthirnr fAT" lll'M f"ll "Who are you? Who's there?" ci-ied Mr Polhurston, the tones of his own voice filling him with horror and amazement. All was still. Only the noise of the weir disturbed the silence. He rushed onward, resolving when he reached the house to tell his tale. In any case, there was nothing, he could do, without light, alone. So soon as he had ax-rived on the oppo site side, and was re- entering the forest's vastness, he again became conscious that still here was something at his side ; something, this time, that he could .hear— for there was a switching sound, as if something was being brushed against the trees and bushes as it went It might have been a trick of his imagination, but as he tore wiidly on, he seemed to detect a dripping sound, as if drops of water were falling from his invisible associate. There Was cleaily audible, also, a panting, as for breath. With sudden determination, of which he himself was moi-e than half afraid, swerv ing from the path, he- dashed in the di rection from which the sound proceeded. As he advanced it retreated; he could hear it going farther and farther back among the trees. Under such circumstances, to follow it would be absurb. He returned to the path. It returned with him; he heard it come. He groped about for a stone, or other missile, to hurl at it. Its persistence be gan to anger him. He could find nothing except broken branches and scraps of decayed wood, which were too light to be of any use.' So 'he assailed it with his tongue. "Confound you— who are you? What do you want? What do you mean by skulking at my side? Get off, you brute." This last he said in view of the possi bility thatit might be some animal, de sirous of human companionship; of which he was very far from being sure. Noth ing showed that his words were heard, but when he moved the thing went with him. "Very good! Wait, till we get nearer the house, where there's moie light; then we'll see what you are, my friend, if you choose to keep me company so far." Something laughed. In the laughter was a quality which made Mr Polhurston almost jump out of his skin. He quick ened his pace, almost breaking into a run. So swiftly, so heedlessly did he go, that, before he knew the thing was there, he dashed against a tree. So violent was the contact that, partially stunned, he drop ped to his knees. It was a second or two before he had regained liis senses sufii- ' ciently to- realise, with . any clearness, what had happened. What aided their return as much a3 anything else was the discovery that he was surrounded by a sudden illumination. He scrambled to his feet, almost falling again, in his haste, over the tangled root, to find himself con fronted by something which made his heart stand still. It was a girl— a young girl. She stood within three or four feet of where he himself was standing. A sufficiently pretty picture she presented, illumined by the sudden, vivid glow. But at sight of her he shVank back, shivering; the blood 'seemed to freeze in his veins; there was a buzzing sound in his head, as if his brain Was bursting. "Helen!" he gasped. "Helen!" The girl made some slight movement, which caused him to divert his glance ; whereupon he perceived that behind her, a little to one side, stood a man, who held her hand in his. "Shapcott!" muttered Blaise Polhurs ton. "Helen! — my God!" It was the . woman to whose skirts he had pinned his boyhood's faith; for the love of whom he had wrecked his life. And the man was the man who had be trayed him; who had hounded the woman into a suicide's grave, and for the recov ery of whose murderer he— Blaise Pol hurston— was himself supposed to be of fering a reward of £200. The vision lasted an instant, then It faded. And, in another . ihoment, Mr Polhurston was tearing mad ly; headlong through the darkness, down the sath. ,/Nor did he check his pace till the sud- he had entered the main .avenue, which divided the' estate, as nearly as possible, into »two clean halves, and about the centre of which the house itself was plac ed. Here some show of reason did return to him. He stopped to draw breath, and to wipe the perspiration from "his brow. Then, still moving quickly, but at a pace which was more nearly approached dis cretion, he started on the last stage of his journey. Almost immediately, however, to stop again. For, down a by-path came a figure bearing a lighted lantern in her hand. If was the figure of a woman. She wore a long cloak, which fell to her feet, the hood being drawn over her head. As he ad vanced, she held up her lantern so that Its gleam shone on him; then, with an ex clamation, she .moved towards him, with outstretched hand. "Blaise!" she cried. Thex-e was no sur prise in her voice; only pleasure. "It's you! I knew you were coming, so I made haste to meet you." It was his mother. Blaise Polhurston had returned home, CHAPTR XXL— THE GIRL ON THE PATH. It was odd to fine oneself, after all, a person of importance. Mr Polhurston looked about tlje spacious chamber, in Which he had been installed as his own particular apartment, and wondered how long it was since he had been the occu pant of a sitting-room. There was a pile Of letters on the at hie fiirte- TTp examined them, feeling as he did so as if he wei-e an actor in some tale of topsy- turveydom. It whs all so very curious. The county had found him out. Here were congratulations, invitations, compli ments, poui-ing in on every sidet His mother entered while he was still engaged with his cori-espondence. Hers was not the least singular figure in the situation. The discovery of how little she had altered was to him a source of continual amazement. Her hair was white, there were crows-feet about her eyes, wrinkles upon her brow, but in other respects she was the same. The most extraordinary thing was that she treated him as if he were still the same. They might never have been part ed, so little notice did she appear to take of the years which had slipped away. That anything might have occurred, dur ing their passage, to make him other than he used to be, was a possibility that, never seemed to enter into her philosophy. She was the same dominant personality as of yore; she governed the whole house by rule of thumb, and, in the queerest fashion, she included her newly-found son under the aegis of her despotic sway. In the old time, what - he had regarded as her tyrannical interfei-ence with his righteous liberty, had galled him to a raw; now it tickled him immensely. She had a number of letters and papers in her hand; she woi-e an air of business. The chair which he offered she declined. "No, I can't sit down. Blaise, people are waiving to a proper appreciation of the situation. Of course, it's only what I expected, still it's satisfactory. Eveiy- one wants me to fix dates for you. I've promised the Veri-yans you will dine with them on Thursday, and the Tregowans on Friday. There are two or three who write about Saturday, but I thought you might like toto'e that left open. Then they want yoi<®ir preside at the market dinners at Cambourne on Monday, Red ruth on Tuesday, and Truro on Wednes day. I think you might as well. The meeting to choose a new candidate for the division is for to-night. The result, I take it, is a foregone conclusion. I don't know who could be suggested, as an alternative for you" —the absurdity of such a supposition made her smile"so I have given them to understand that you will be prepared to receive the deputation to morrow. That is a matter about which no time must be lost." (To be Continued.) 