SHORT STORY. x ' Two Old toiers, f/.NE , , " 0 1 1 IE A Lu sit and lookod nb lior- soit m tho glusB, a a slio had boon looking tor an idlo half-hour. It: was not ofton tliat slio had timo to itudy her own ro- nection, but sinco old Nichuol, hor faihor, ana died lust wook tho wheels of tho clock auHinoa to Iinvo stopped. After a littlo wJnlo Jano aud Mary vould rosumo tlioir J1., strious ways. Inst now it Boomed as it the dood old man yot lay in hie room up-stairs, and if there would ho an in decency in doing, any work beyond that 'ri? ?- suPpIying tho immediate wants of tho living. ' Jane sighed aloud .is she contemplated tno fair faded faco in tho greenish-coloured glass, and hoc sigh floated out on tho ghostly air of tho old house. It seoinod to hor for a moment as if somoone else — tho ghost of her youth, perhaps — had sighod vUa.ns,m' 'n 0 rocln> and she shivorod a httlo and lookod norvously ovor hor shoul der. But the woman in tho glass drew hor hack, and she loant again to look into tho short-sighted oyes. 'Forty-five years of ago, two months, and fivo days/ she said to her. ' Why, you fl-ro iin old woman 1' Tho face in tho glass lookod back at lior, shocked and almost startled. Sho could seo that faco rosy and wliito as she romoniborod it, and hung about with goldon ringlets in tho inodoBt shade of a white cottage bonnet. That was liow sho had lookod on Kitty's wedding day, and as she had gono down-stairs she had mot Willie Maturin coming up, and lie had kissed her, whispering ta her that she would bo the next bride, and a fairer and sweeter ovon than that morning's sun shono upon. Years and years ago, and Jane shud dered to think of tho difference between ? those two faces. Sho felt lust as vmi n <r as the girl of thoso days, thougli sho had learnt an indefinite patience. Sho was as ready -to tremble and drop her eyelids and hlusli when Willie Maturin ontored the room as in the first rapturous days long ago, and they were now an old un married Darby and Joan, tho laugh of tho loss compassionate country- side. !Shc coverod her eyes with hor hands, and her heart ached in tho darkness to think it had kopt so young wliilo hor pretty faco had grown old. It was still a sweet end comoly face, though its owner only saw in it the rav- ngoB of time. The roso and white laid heon overspread by uu autumnal yellow, tho rosy lips wore pale, and the goldon ringlets were streaked with silver. Still she was good to look upon, and a conifort- ing thought carno to lier there behind those hidden eyes that Willie found no lack in hor. She was quito suro that her face was still to him tho beautiful girlish faco of a quarter of a century ago. Alas ! that was the pity of it. Tlioy were old lovers 1 like an old husband and wifo, and yet they wore unmarried. Perhaps now, surely now, ran tho woman's agitated thoughts, they were go ing to be fully happy. It was she who had said, twenty-five years ago, that, so long as Willie was true to lier, she did not need marriage to make her happy. It wus sho who to-day panted with a thirst long uuBlookod . to bear his name and woar his ring. Tho joys that caino to othor men and wainen who married in right season were not for them, but there yot remained the supremo happiness of belonging to each other bofore all the world, as they had be longed to each othor in heart sinco their eyes had first met. With her fathor's death the obstacle to their marriage had been removed. When poor Kitty's marriage with George Maturin, Willie's|eldor brother, had turned out so miserably, and tho wife of a year lay dead, with tho moral guilt of her death at her husband's door, old Michael had sworn an oath that so long as he lived no other child of his should marry a Maturin. He had lived, perhaps, to repent it. June had often thought that she detected u iuua in nor iacuer s suniren eyes as ne watched, her and Willio playing their game of cribbage of an ovening — a look curiously made up of pity and shumo and remorse, During ihose latter years in which he was paralysed, and his great bulk was tetliered helplessly in the chim ney corner, Willie had boon more than a son to him, and it might be well that ho Bhould feel remorse for tho two lives his passion had so greatly injured. Jane could remember the time when Willie hud not endured hor father's hand upon their lives so easily as of late years. At first he had stormed and raved, and pleaded, and even wept. Poor Willie ! , Bhe remembered how after a long struggle with her to mako her break hor duty to her father and become his wife, he had at lost flung himself on the ground as though exhausted, and had laid his face iu her lap. Then when she caressed his dark fiood ho had begun to sob with great houvings of liiB young shoulders. Poor Willio 1. it would have been better for liiin if lie hud been less faithful to her. He might have had a wife and children of his own in those years when they hud boon growing into an old bachelor and an old maid. Willie wob tenderly fond of chil- . dren. It ciune to her now with a great pang that lie must always he without children of his own. It waB all well that old Michael's stern : rule hud givon his daugetors, scant leisure Tor Ihougfit. Sho began to wonder with j heavy ;lieart-beats of trouble whether hor blind obedience had not been wrong, after all. If she had u right to bear the burden hor fathor lmd laid upon hor, ought sho to have imposed it npon her lover also ? Perhaps, perhaps, she thought with a now pang, perhaps even hor father would have, in his secret heart, been glad if she hod disobeyed him. She uncovered her eyes with an effort. Her thoughts were getting too heavy for hor to bear. And it was nearly Willie's time. Hear in, year out, summer and wiutor, he had come at the saine hour every evening. Every evening they played their game of cribbage. and then Willie had sub with them to their supper, and left as the clock struck ten. She had alwayB gone into tlio porch with him to say good-night, and hod grown used to his sober, husband-like kiss. They had out lived — at least he had — the ardours of youth. She usually made a little toilet for him of evenings, adding to her dress a gay bit of ribbon or a flower. This evening, gaiety would' not be becoming; she must hunt up something sombre in hue that would yet add to her dress the touch of decoration she hated' to bo without when Willie was coiniug. As sho turned over odds and ends in a drawer she suddenly became thoughtful. For quite five minutes she stood with her , finger to her lip,- visibly agitated; Then' she opened a lower drawer of :her wardrobe \- and took out:a grey silk dross. She shook out tho folds, and let it lio across her bed. lu the half-light it shimmered like silver. She took up a fold and lingered it with admiration. If she wore it, she thought, Willie would remember the days before lie . was so content with thr.ii' engagement. ' Grey is half-mourning,' sho said aloud, ' and tuou no ono will seo me but Mary and Willie. They won't think I mean any disrespect to lather's memory/ . (Junking a little at her tomerity, sho put on tno dresB. It showed prettily a neck still white and round aiid a pair of oft wrists. Sho had kept her young guro, and'tkq old- faAkiouod dress gave it fi . a becoming statoliness. As slio looked at horsolf in tho glass again sho lookod ton years younger than sho did in tho black dross. A littlo colour camo into hor ehooks and a light of hope in hor eyos. Slio was more like tho girl Willio had lovod long ago. Suroly ho would romombor it. Sho wont down-stairs quickly to got over any possible explanations with Mary ho fore ho Bhould avrivo. The toa was set out on tho table— a high tea with accompaniments of all kinds of cakos and prosorvos, for tho Archibalds wore model housekeepers. Mary sat by the fire knitting grey woollen stockings. She was years older than Jane, and had an honest, weather-beaten faca Sho had never had a lover, and was incurious about tlio ways of lovers. She looked tip startled as Jane's silk rustled into the room. An exclamation was on her lips, but Jano anticipated it. ' Groy is a mourning colour, you know, Molly,' sho said, ' and black is ugly to mo. I lookod an old woman as I saw myself iu tho glass, and I thought I might put on the grey just for once. It is years 3ince I have worn it.' ' Yes, yes, child/ said the other, answer ing hastily tho appeal in lior sister's voice. 'Why shouldn't you wear it? It looks pretty, too, and you are vory pretty in it. When you are as old as I am, you may talk of looking an old woman/ Jane stooped and kissed hor gratefully. ?It's none too old-fashioned,- Molly, is , ' Hot a bit. Those gathers are coming in again. The skirt is a little harrow at tho back, but if you'll let me fit. you to morrow, I can sot that straight;' A moment lator Willie's knock was heard. Jano had always boon the one to open the door for him, but now, in her new splendour, sho was seized with a sudden shyneus, Sho stooped and liftod a kitten, from the hearthrug and laid it in hor lap. Mary was going out to tho kitchen to make tlio tea. ' Would you mind opening tho door for Willio ?' sho said, with an assumed air of ease. 'To be sure; but what's come to you? Oh, I see. You're too fine in your silk dross/ She noticed the sudden flush that lmd como into hor sister's choeks ; hut, with instinctive sympathy, foreboro to mako further comment. i,1 ' Tho ways of lovers aro beyond mo,' slie said to herself as sho went to open the hall-door. Willie Maturin came in shaking him self. It had begun to snow. Ho was a big dark man, with gentle brown oyes ; his hair was streaked with grey, and there were a good many crow's-feet about his eyes j lie looked kind and slow, and he spoko with a soft drawl.- 'Where's Jnnio?' he asked as ho saw Mary. ' Janio's not ill ?' A momentary alarm had somewhat quickened his speech. ' Janio's all right, she's in tlio parlour,' said Mary, shutting tho door behind him. 1 But hadn't you hotter hang your coat in tho kitchen to dry ?' He followed her into the spotlessly neat kitchen, and hung up his coat as she directed him. Tlieu with a caress in passing to tho old collie on the hearth, ho went up to the parlour. When lio opened the door, he uttered an exclamation. Jane Archibald had stood uj) nervously, and was waiting for him, hor head dropped a little in the lamplight. Tho vision , stirred some old chord or memory in his heart. Why, Janie ?' he said, putting his arm round her. ' This is like long ago/ ' Yes/ said Jane Archibald, faintly. Her sister and her lover were tho ouly two people who evor called her Janie now. Thoy stood so on the hearthrug for a few moments. Now and again Willie would draw her closer to him and kiss hei' with a tender air of ownership. ' You aro as pretty as ever, Janie, as pretty as ever/ he said with satisfaction. Jane trembled a little, hut did not speak. f WllV vmi fl.VQ aliurflwtio I Via anxiously. ' Are you sure that this is warm enough?' He passed his hand across the shoulders and down the sleeves of the gown. ' It is too tliin,' he said, ' much too thin. You were foolish to put it on, Janie; it was mode for summer weather. You must go up-stairs and put on your warm black dross at once/ ' Oh, no ! let me wear it this ovening, Willie. It is so pretty/ said poor Jano. But Mary, coming in at that momont, agreed with Willio that tho dress was too thin for winter wear. ' Besides,' sho said, ' it has lain so long in that ohest of drawers ; it must be damp. , Run at once and take it off, I will keep the tea- cakes hot till you come down stairs.' Jane wont without a word and took off hor pretty grey silk. She put on instead the heavy bluck, high to the neck, and flannol-lined for , warmth. Sho was an elderly woman once more as she lookod in the glass. She folded her grey silk and put it back in its silvery paper with mus lin hacks of lavender between the folds. 'Alii' she said, as she laid it away, 'it is too true. You were made for summer weather, and for a young woman who is dead. I shall not wear you any more/ . She came down-stairs with the lightness gono from her footsteps, and her face was dull from disappointment as she came into tho parlour and took her place at the tea- table. Her lover looked at her with oyes full of kind pleasure in her. The ardour which had been in them when she wore the grey silk had quite disappeared. Mary lookod at her uncomfortably. , ' You did look pretty in the grey,' she aid, ' and it made, tho room more cheerful ;to have you wear it; but it is too cold for the winter. Willie is' right. Perhaps Anne-Magennis, if she hasn't much work on hand, might put a flannel lining in it/ ' I shan't wear it again/ said Jane dis consolately. ' Don't bother about lining it/ ' It'll do nicely for summer as it is,' said Mary. ' I'm sure you look as nice as possible in the black,' said Willie, with one of his faithful and fond glances. Jane Archibald did not meet his eyes. She sipped her tea and crumbled a bit of tea-cake between her fingers. After tea there- was the usual game of cribbage. Jane played carelessly, without interest in the game. It was easy to see that something had gone wrong with her. Willie watched her with affectionate solicitude, but forbore to question her till Mary was out of tho room. ' You are not well, Janie ?' he said then, with anxiety. Quite well, thank you, Willie/ ' Yau're not yourself then'. I hope you haven't taken cold through that. fooliBh freak of putting, on a thin summer frock. You shouldn't have done it, Janie/ ' No, Willie/ - ' I'd have expected morei sense from you, Janie,' he said, following up his oppor tunity.' ' It's all very fine for a slip of a girl to do such things/ Hot smarting tears came into Jano Archibald's eye. Willie was not often gauche, but this .time he had managed to out hor to the quick. She averted her head and said nothing. ' You mustn't come to the door with me to-night/ he said; 'it's piercing cold. I will tell Mary to give you a hot drink be fore you sleep. Come; give me a kiss.' Sho raised her lips obediently to him, and he kissed her as lie /had kissed her " ovory night for a score of years back/ with calm nffoction and tondornoss. He had forgotten tlio momentary thrill of joy and love which had darted through li'is veins as ho had kissed her that ovoning. After ho had gono sho sat dispiritedly by tho fire wliilo Mary locked up and put things away for tho night. When Bhe had finished slio came and sat down. ' You'ro tirod out to-night, Janie/ she said. ' You'vo boon through a lot. You must get a good rest to-night, and to morrow we'll sot about taking down tho curtains and taking up tho curtain in poor father's room. Tho house is all at sixes and sovons. Wo must begin to sot it right sometime, and we may as well begin at once/ I wisli I could' go away, Molly/ said' Jano suddenly. Go away ! Why, where would you go to? You've never slept a night out of this house sinco poor Kitty died/ ' That is why I want to go, I suppose. It's ungrateful of me, but I'm doad sick of the same placo all these years. It is hard that we should have grown old, you and I, and never have hod a chanco to go out into tho world, and tasto what freedom is like. Othor girls go away on visits to friends, or to the soasido, or to towns, where thoy see all sorts of gaiotios. ' Why weren't we like them ?' ' Father would never have permitted it. Ho hated gad-abouts. But what's the matter, Janie ? You ' have always seemed so contented. I believe that grey silk lias put all sorts of fly-away thoughts into your head/ ' I was foolish to put it on/ ' You have had a dull kind of life, now I como to think of it/ said Mary ; ' but so had I .when I was young. And then I always thought you were satisfied bocauso you had Willio/ Oh, 'Willie, I alwayB had' Willie/ re peated Jano after her, with an impatient laugh which made tho elder woman stare. ' I don't know wliv vOu lauerh. Janie.' she said in a hurt vOico. ' I'm sure Willie' has never seemed to want anyone hut you all these yoars. What more could you want?' 'Nothing, Molly, nothing. To-night I don't know what has como over 1110. I am tired of everything — ovon of Willie, and tired to doath thinking of all the years that will ho just like the years gono over.' 'You and Willie don't think of marrying now that poor father is gono.' ' Wo are too old.' ' You are nob too old. But/ with an air of relief, ' men get terribly Bet in' their ways. Willie seems quite comfortable with old Katty Neville to do for him. I don't know hut that it's wisest for things to stay so.' I don't know hut it is/ 'And what should I do, if you were to marry, Janie ? I couldn't sit down by a strange hearth — even if it wouldn't break my heart to leave the old placo. And it would he terribly lonely for mo bore alone/ ' It would so/ assented June. ' Willio's more liko a brother than any thing else all those years. He'll eome and go just tho same, and look after the farm for us. I'm not saying but that if it wore for your happiness, Janie, I could make up my mind to live on hero alone. You and -Willio seem contented with things as thoy are ?' , j She looked with a wistful inquiry at her sister. . ' Oh, yes, wo are contented/ Jane Archibald answered, without meeting her oyes. The next day she seomed to have quite forgotten the strange words of the evening before. Mary put it down to her having been over-tired and over-wrought, and said no more about it, and Jane went about hor household duties as usual, and played cribbage with Willio in the evenings. If some spark of hope which had endured all thoso years had gone oat, and loft hor duller and more lethargic, no one was sharp enough to detect it. (To bo concluded next week.) ' 