tt The Shadow of Fernbrook." A Romance of Maoriland. . , • ... .,:.•,-: . - [ALL BIGHTS RESERVED. I + CHAPTER II. (CONTINUED.) By Atha Westbury. There were many amongst tlie guests assembled to do honour to the owner of Fernbrook who had been! on the most intimate terms with him beside the major and his charming daughter.: Foremost was Ralph Warne, son of Thos. Warne and Co., bankers. The estate of the Warne's joined the Barrier Rock j hence the two boys had been inseparable friends from childhood. A fine, strapping, active fellow this young Warne, and of the true Saxon breed. He had been a term or two at Auckland, and returned quite a masher <rf the first class. To stare at you tough an eye-glass—though it were doubtful it he could see at all by means of it—to drawl and lisp with exquisite slowness when speaking, and to decorate his \- handsome person after the manner oi my Lord Chesterfield on state " ciys appeared his sole aim and occupation Ill-natured people said he was a fooiisn coxcomb, with more money than brains but ill-natured people do not aiwayf utter the truth. It was certainly true that the banker's heir bad no idea oi the value of money. He would have been a plump pigeon for any worldly Captain Hawk to pluck, but there were very few of that ilk in the vicinity ot the Barrier. Nevertheless, a keen reader of men would bave ruled that beneath, the outer network of affectation young Warne was not such a t'ooi as He looked. The wealthy coxcomb had done some trifling good with his money at times, if the testimony of the ?en< ieman seated opposite to him is to be credited. Alton Lyndhurst is a poet and novelist—Lord help him! He has a faded look, as of having grown pale for lack of daylight. He Jooks as it he had worked by night, and lived by night, and as if the sunshine and iresh tar were-a -new sensation to him. _He has well-cut features, but the outline of his face is too sharp for beauty—no sculptor would choose him for Apollo or Antinous. Large hazel,eyes, bright and clear, full of vivacity and expression, redeem the defects of his mobile countenance. On tbe whole, there is a charm in his face from the infinite variety of - light and' Bhade to be observed' thereon. He is a man about . whom people rarely make up their minds all at once; a man who improves upon closer acquaintance, says his friend, Ralph Warne. Time was when young Lyndhurst had to support a widowed mother writing articles for newspapers -and magazines. It proved a pitiful struggle, for the colony was not a reading, ome { by any means. By the strictest economy mother and son managed to exist, however^ and f the poor disciple of letters found time to bend his genius to more ambitious work. He became the author of a new novel. In. this effort, in-which. every hour devoted to ita construction has been a sacrifice, the author has striven to rise out of his old familiar self' tosome- * ^hing -,better.- AJasJ for the 'iaithM \- workfjand ' the'ld ^spiratioins! i JThe: \- - book is ® failure, ~an.di i&eMhdly; pufr lisher wbo Wnt it forth to the world is almost ruined by its publication. 'The Wellington "Exterminator, 5,? 'in a clashing article three columns long, falls athwart the ill-fated work, hip and thigh. Other journals of less magnitude follow in the same strain, while one or two damn the volume with faint praise. * By some. means the disgraced book finds its way into,the bands of Ralph Warne,, who. reads it with interest. Some of, thfe scenes therein depicted are, as it were,.a faithful record of his own gay life.' From that moment the doud is 1 lifted from the life of the unfortunate Lyndhurst. Unknown to the writer, the banker's \- son purchases a whole '/edition of -the work for distribution, amongst his friends. It finds favour now because it has had the «tamp of fashion set upon it. The newspapers may rail and condemn as they please. The fiat has gone forth. - People who never read a romance in their lives- read - -this one, and find, therein muchthatis true, so true, indeed, that some parts of it fit in with their own existence to a "T." The book brings the author money, and, what is infinitely more dear to him, fame. The great and wealthy alike are proud to have him, amongst them. "Who is your friend. P" asks Mrs. Mor- >gan Hardrith, a widow of forty or thereabouts,' who has just returned from a visit to her late husband's relatives in Wales. The exquisite sprig brings his eyeglass to bear on the fair one,'and replies in his slow-measured accents— "Oh, ah, that gentleman is Lyndhurst." , „ "Whatl Alton Lyndhurst, the author?" "Ya-as." "I have read his book. How good natured he looks." "Haw! Did you expect a—to meet— a laughing hyena beneath a frock coat, madam?" "I don't know what I expected. He writes lik& man who despises the lives "in, yet .'there is no mis- J taMng the : broad view of sympathy in every sentiment." Young Warne stares at the widow almost rudely." "I know nothing of sentiment," he drawls. "It is a trick of the trade, no doubt, with writers to preach sympathy. It does no harm, however, and it pleases the ladies.' 1 " "He is very young," says Mrs. Hardrith, adjusting ber gold glasses on- the bridge of her Roman-shaped nose. "Old enough to prove interesting, as the case may be," mutters her companion. 'Introduce me." "With pie-shawl" , : The conversation becomes general. Heretofore the heir of Fernbrook had been the focus of the party. With wellbred hints and questions pounding in. upon him, he has bedn compelled to give a brief resume of his five years' wanderings, and he has: done his task, to their apparent satisfaction. There are. people here as his guests who are delightful social butterflies. Womeni whose fetish is fashion, and whose religion is dress. Women with whom to waste a synpner's afternoon at kettledrum*.; with whom to dawdle away long evening® in a country house, discussing fashionable scandal, or the last new thing in irobes. Men there Sre too, who neither toil »or fo&i;'i. Men whose clever well-chosen words ure fiffi of scathing irony far, ^e wl* delve and dwek\ and rise at cock! abfflifc literature* Mrs,,Morfi gan Hardrith expounding positive | opinions in that can't-be-denied voice of hers. Major Trevor, less vehement, but more trenchant, joins issue, and there is a brilliant fence of words between them, until the sharper edge of the woman's wit places the gallant son of Mars "hors de combat." Rhoda Hardrith, heiress and belle of the season, takes up the: running in lieu of her mamma. The favourite poet of this young beauty is Byron. She has no sympathy with Tennyson, because she does not understand him. "The Idylls of the King" and "Love and Duty" are so much Greek to her. She adores Melding and Smollett. If the latter is sometimes naughty, he has also the power of making amends to his readers by being awfully nice. . Alton Lyndhurst sits mute, while his friend Warne fixes his eye-glass, and smiles sweetly at the talkers. So the meal progresses to its end. CHAPTER HI. THE MESMERIST. The rigorous winter season has fairly set in. There has been a plethora of garden parties, balls, hunts, and what not by the frivolous and fashionable during the delightful autumnal weather; :: Hitherto Fernbrook has never seen such a gathering of beauty, of vanity and ugliness of well-bred men and, vulgar women within its walls. In less than three short months the "Rock"'has become more famous: than was Almacks in the Jersey and Londonderry days. With a lavish prodigality, Hilton Fernbrook has made his house altogether one of the pleasantest in New Zealand. The demigods of society crowd his rooms, and make excursions round his bold, rugged domain, drink his wine, and fill the place with mirth and revelry. Parliament has assembled, and the Hon. Bob Trevor has departed for town, taking the Lady Blanche along with him, at her earnest desire. The major and his daughter are not missed, however, from the throng of guests at Fernbrook. Most of them find it (juite a romance in real life to spend the winter here in this old mansion', where betimes the wind roars so loudly, and where the angry waves, foam-crested, break .themselves against its solid base. Some of them, Ralph Warne among the number, have determined that the long, dreary evenings shall be filled up with amusements. If they cannot hunt the wild boar and the toho, they have determined to turn half the house into a. temporary theatre. For this purpose agents have been despatched to Auckland, who have returned with the necessary {workmen, together with a small cargo of material for dress and scenery. Meanwhile there is trouble looming in the distance for the whole country. Te Ranga,' of - Taranaki, and his ten thousand tribesmen have broken into open revolt. Five years previously this chieftain sold his people's land to the Government for ten thousand pounds. Someone told the chief that- he had given away the land for less than onetenth its.value, whereupon Te Ranga demanded his acres back again, or -his warriors should drive every Pakeha into the sea. News of these tidings came but faintly to the ears of the rank and fashion congregated at the "Rock." What had suen idle butterflies to do with Te Ranga or his hordes of savages? \- Parliament had met expressly to deal with the arch rebel and his followers. It wasi~no business of theirs,, yet, while the nojise^ debated, while -its members : soundly abused^each'other, instead "of; taking united action to quell the rising in the bud, five ^powerful chieftains of the Waikato espoused Te Ranga's cause, and the rebel movement became general throughout the length and breadth of the Northern Island. Amid all 1 the gaiety, and the noise and bustle of the active" spirits about him, Hilton Fernbrook went the even tenor of his way. Sometimes when the vague rumours anent the Maori rising reached him, his.eyes would light up; with' a fierce,' sinister gleam of satisfaction, as if the thought of the coming deadly strife was a'source of congratulation. One wet-evening when the guests were assembled in the spacious drawing room rehearsing their intended performance, the host stole quietly away to. another part of "the mansion. It was a small room at the extreme end of the northern wing of the sea wall which the son of Colonel Fernbrook entered. A very neat, snug room, luxuriously furnished, and quite,' retired from the suite of stairways and corridors which led to it. In one cor r ner stood a magnificent piano forwarded from London by Hilton during the first year of his sojourn at home. Before, the instrument sat Te Coro fingering the ys in a reverie. Fernbrook heard the loose, irregular strain, and paused upon the threshold. Had anyone been present they would" have noted &ow-quickly; the player turned/about with her gaze upon the door. She felt the presence of the man, rather than heard his approach. 'Tardon me uni Titi," he said, in a i soft tone, and using the endearing Maori term; "I am almost bored to death with all this incessant noise and. excitement. I have come" here for a few minutes' peace. Will you allow me to sit here and hear you play?" A deep blush mantled the smooth, olive face of Te Coro, as he strode into the room, and took a seat beside her; but the next moment it > faded, leaving, her ashy pale. He saw the troubled' look in her face, and felt the shapely hand tremble as he took it between ,lua oim „ "Titi, have loifendedyou?" he asked, in the same low, soft accents. "Here have I returned some three months or more, and yet I have had no word of welcome from your lips." "You have had. many welcomes, sir," replied the Maori, in a quiet tone. "Surely you cannot miss ihine. Remember I am but the daughter of a savage —I am Te Coro, your' ward, the object of your generous bounty. I feel I am the daughter of Te Papa, and therefore cannot offer you the services of my tongue. Words are only air. What then? If I have not bade you welcome home again with my lips., I have done it a thousand times with my heart." "Yet; you have avoided me, Te Coro." "I 'ami a Maori. My likes and dislikes are not always in my acts, nor that which I think to be seen in my words." He looked at her with a calm, steady gaze for the space of a minute, then said, gaily, "We shall be friends, you and I, Te Coro. When you were a wee lady no higher than my vest, I used to call you sweetheart; let the bond remain between us yet. The years that have gone are but so many n— spent 'in a troubled, -eoondsj Come, let , -^eamful sleep' nf r i WmWi J 1 ™ * n ot the daughter ^ benefao- Site cannot answer tbe &as;«fo ma^ There ig a «* subtle influence atf work outside her functions over which she has no control. She feels it as if it were a palpable force of material form and circumstance. Hilton Fernbrook is swift to note the change in his companion, and a strange smile illumines his dark face. "You shut yourself ,up in. these old rooms too much," he said, presently. "I must speak to Rita about it. Now you i shall hear me play." He sat down, and began a soft prelude from one of the old German masters. Anon, this gave place to Agia's difficult, yet soul-stirring "Del Nomino." • The Maori forgets for the moment all emotion in her astonishment. The girl is a thorough musician ; but this man touches the instrument as she had never heard it touched before. How the full notes roll forth a sweetness, and, withal, a power which move her almost to tears. He glides from Agia to Mozart, with a rapid run which tests the grand piano to its full compass The "Agnus Dei" is played as if upon an organ, and fills the room with melody—melody which overflows, spite of the rattling rain, into the corridor, where old Rita hears, and pauses to listen, on her way to her den. O music! what tongue shall equal thine ? What creature crawling beneath the stars, with the stamp and the likeness of the Godhead upon him, .shall not'find in" thee a' refuge from the; hard, iron-bound work-a-day life," where men stand by and hear each other groan. Genius and art are twin born with thee, O music! Faith, hope and charity are linked together in thy golden girdle. What a grand^ language dost thou speak! AH nations and tongues comprehend thy voiee! The cares and the frets which cling to the practical pause at the threshold of thy mysterious domain., Run thy fingers o'er the keys, and/ lo! the worries of this dull globe vanish into thin air. • Te Coro site silent neath the witchery, of the charmer. Those great, dark eyes of hers flash swiftly o'er the moving fingers which run rapidly .into Beethoven's Pastorale, and after that to a sweet, pensive air from Lucia. The New Zealander cannot have too much of that magnificent music. She is more composed when he pauses and turns towards her those magnetic eyes, which sparkle with a lurking satisfaction. They sit face to face, he talking, but with his look straight and full into her eyes, ,aaid very watchful of every slight, varying expression therein. There is a method in his watchfulness which does not betray itself to his companion. She feels the attraction in his> gaze, but cannot resist it. After all, it is a pleasing, lulling sensation this which come& over her. • A strange, new pleasure, , never felt by her before, wherein _ the whole senses appear smoothed into peace and quiet. Hilton Fernbrook sees the change, smiles, and' turns again to the piano.,, The first note makes her start as if from sleep. And yet she has not closed so much as an eyelid; nay, had never for an instant lost the- consciousness of his presence there before her. It was only when he turned from her that an inward feeling of some undefinable danger came to her. A danger hid in some subtle way, amid all the glorious sounds, the soft words, and the bold, unwinking orbs -that looked and allured while they looked upon her. She rose to leave the room, but he laid his hand upon hers, and gently detained her. „ , . -"Not,yet, Coro," he said, smilingdy j am ^nervous, to-night, „»!- most afraid to be:alon«r Listen while I sing to you." Te Coro had no will but to obey. He plays a low prelude, beautiful in its harmonious blending of sounds', and then, in a deep, full voice, begins to sing— Side by side we whisper, "Who loves, loves for ever?" As wave upon wave to the sea runs the river, And the oar on the smoothness drops - noiseless and steady Till we start with a sigh— Was it she—was it I— Who first turned to look on the way we had made, Who first saw the soft tints, of the garden land fade, Who first sighed, "See the rose hue is fading already." This song has the effect of banishing from her mind all the latent fears felt previously. How the deep, rich voice soothed her! The song ended, he turns again towards her with a wild gleam in his look—a look loaded with the power of a strong will. The Maori feels its influence, and.tries to break it."' With a gasp as if for breath,' she makes a vigorous effort to .rise and flee from the chamber. Vain the exertion for her, indeed! The strong eyes before her hold her spellbound. It is only for a moment or" so that this agonising duel of the will lasts. Hilton Fernbrook raise® his right hand, and, as it were, fans Te Coro with it while one can count twenty, and the battle is over. Te Coro's eyes slowly close; the small, shapely head, with its coronet of glossy, raven hair, falls backward on the cushioned chair. The dove is at the mercy of the hawk. He sits, coolly, watching her, with his arms still moving to and fro before her face, in slow, but regular passes. Whatever his design, he appears in no hurry about it. When he has satisfied himself that the Maori is thoroughly under his control, he rises and stretches' his limbs, like some tired wrestler who has undergone severe exertion. Standing silently now, and listening to the steady rain patter outside, he begins to mutter to himself as if that inner man of his were a companion and a confidant. "Oh! who r shall gauge the limit of knowledge?" he cried. "Who shall say that knowledge is not power ? Let me think. Old De Roal taught me to test myself after this fashion. He told me that Mesmer discovered a terrible force in nature, but durst not use it, fox fear of the dungeon and the rack. My old tutor knew as much as Mesmer, yet was fearless. No dread of stake or gibbet could deter him. I am his pupil. I, who have pitted myself • against odds ail my life. In every vein and fibre of my being I feel the strong current of this all-powerful, electricity of vigorous life. Before I was a man, De.Roal revealed to me my strength. Well, I will husband it, and use it as I please. Soft! Wake not yet, sweet Maori maid!" he murmured, hurriedly. "I am thy victor, but will not use a conqueror's license to thy shame. To me thou shalt be au oracle —the high, priestess oi my merism. How beautiful sb<* * ' ,; be, so bo it. Histl" ^ 1S, f ^ in his soixl— pau/ ed abruptly ' - iuy, and stole noiselessly to oor, and opened it suddenly; but W. >i v. as no one there. "What a fool j. cm,'' he murmured, closing the door, suddenly, "Now let me to the trial." "Speak, Te Coro, if thou canst." "I am at your pleasure," came in taint tones from the voice of the "Can trance produce visions?" he asked, with a flush on his dark face. "Even so, what wouldst thouP" she replied in clearer accents. Guntiuued on Last Page. The mesmerist stood in silence a moment, as if in thought, then answered, " I would fain know what is before your survey, Te Coro?" The pallid lips of the Maori writhed for utterance, but no sound came therefrom. "What see you?" he cried. "Speak!" "I see a long, lonely, winding road, on the border of the sea coast," she answered, quietly. "The road leads into a gloomy valley where men are at work, hewing out large blocks of stone. Beyond the valley I behold a dark, looming building, ringed in by a high wall, and which looks like a huge prison. There are several parties of men, in strange costumes, moving here and there. Each party are chained like oxen, an£ their dress is one uniform colour of blue and grey, and marked with an arrow. One party of twelve drag a heavy ,cart loaded with stone round a bend of the lonely roadway. On either side of these are two other men, who are not chained, and wear dark uniforms, and are armed. Suddenly the gang stop, and with one accord rush upon the armed guard, whom they overpower in a moment. The onslaught is so unexpected that no defence is offered, save and except that one of the guns goes off in the scuffle, thus giving signal of alarm. "inj a moment the gang of chained men are free; the iron shackles about their limbs are rent asunder. Seven of the twelve are recaptured and chained together, but the other five flee and disappear." "Can you describe any of these that have escaped?" - "Yes; the one who led them appeared like unto yourself. Hilton Fernbrook." "I!—" "Tout" she answered, quiekly. "Did I not know that you were here, my master, then would I say, 'Thou art he!"' "Well said, O prophetess! Had this felon my hair, my gait, my moustache? Oome, no quibbling, Titi?" "This man has no moustache, but the face, the form, the walk, are all the same. I know them from a million, degraded even as they seem." "Good, my young Toho," he answered, with a strange smile. "Let that vision pass. What eeest, thou now?" "Nothing!" "Truly you could not «ee less than nothing," he cried. "Try again." "NoWj I behold a picture like the sea/' she said, after a pause. "And, lo! there is a ship-—a small ship with two masts from which the idle sails hang loosely down. There is no wind, and the sea and sky are like molten fire seen through a ijjist. On the deck the crew are reeling here and there, in drunkenmess, and uttering terrible blasphemy. liquor and the blazing sun have Mfccf* them mad. Everywhere there ap- I —LTS disorder and wild debauchery. _ iook! Even while they sing and dance in their wild orgie a broad flame shoots forth from the ship's hold. She is on fire! One of the orew, more insane than the rest, has set the vessel in flames. How it Toars and whistles, and gleams in power! On© by one it licks up the racking forms of the crew with its 'red hot tongues, until there are but two left to battle with it. This pair fight the angry element, with cool courage and patience. But it is in vain they fight. Nothing can save the doomed ship. Their only hope is in one small boat which the flames have not yet reached. They lower this on the darkened ocean, enter it, and push off from the burning mass." "You can see the faces of this pair ?" "Clearly. One is a little man, frhin visaged, but bold looking, and resolute." - "Young or old?" "Young." "And the other?" "The same man who led the five' prison breakers into the bush," answered Te Coro. "Can you discern the name of the burning vessel?" asks the mesmerist, in a low tone. * "Yes, vividly. It is 'Seagull.'" "Enough!" he cries with sudden anif mation. Then, seating himself at tlie piano, begins to play a grand mareh in fullest tone. By-and-bye, Te Coro moans, sighs, rubs her eyes, and gazes about her with bewildered look. "I fear I have been asleep," she says, i» an apologetic tone, looking towards the player. "Asleep, Te Coro? Come, that is not very flattering to your humble servant," he answered, without turning. "I confess it" is not," she adds, with a little 1 laugh, at, the same time rising to go." Thank you very much for your music. It has made me quite drowsy." The Maori retires with a graceful bend of her head, and closes the door softly behind her. Out on the main corridor stands old Rita, the nurse. - "Come with me to my roonij child; I have something to say to you," she says, as she* leads the girl away. CHAPTER IV. ALT0V AND VICTOEINE Before the rain had ceased to rattle against the «olid gables of Fernbrook all was in readiness for the performance of Massinger's fine old comedy, "A New Way to Pay Old Debts/ 5 Many objections Had been set up and demolished before the dramatis person® were fitted to their several - parts. Luckily for Ralph Warne 1 , who'had taken upon himself the responsibility of the affair^ Alton Lyndhurst proved himself an able stage director and manager. But with all his tact, the young author found himself at fault. No one could be found to perform the leading role. In chis dilemma jfcwo strangers arrived at the Soek,. and were forthwith introduced by the master of Fernbrook to his guests. "These two "gentlemen are my especial friends," he said. "On the continent of Europe andT elsewhere we have sojourned -together, sharing, the same roof, and the satae table. In the name of friendship, I'bid them botll welcome to New Zealand." The new-comers were! evidently men of the world,- who knew how to adapt themselves to mixed 1 company. In a tew hours they were quite at home, .accepted parts in the comedy, and entered into the spirit of the fun with the zest of schoolboys let out for a holiday. Neither of these personages was young. The foremost of the twain was verging on sixty years of age. Yet he was a man who Had been well preserved. A man w%o appeared to have taken eare of number one above all things else. His three-score years sat upon him as lightly as forty winters upon many men. Tall, but withal slight, and delicate looking, there was not a crease or wrinkle in the man, from his nose to his toes. Beyond an undeniable military air, which dung to Him like his tight-fitting frock coat, Golonel de IJoal seemed a well-bred, polished, smilin gentleman, at peace with himself a if •with all the world. Drummond Blake, his companion, altogether unlike the colonel. A giant in statute, ahd with limbs like another Hercules, this, man was both ^ruff g.nd coarse in manner and in speech. .Nevertheless, there was a good humoured, robust, healthy, devil-may-care, highpressure hilarity about him which won him friends amongst the company. A keen observer of men would have no- jj ticed two things in the conduct and manner of Colonel de Roal and nis gigantic friend. First, the colonel never lose sight, even for a moment, of the Hu^e proportions of his comrade, while Blake on His part invariably took his cue from the othei sometimes by a word, but mostly by glances well understood. There were no; keen observers at the Rock, However, except Hilton Fernbrook; or old Rita, -the Maori. Probably both weie on the watch, but in different directions. "What a grand old places this is, dear Fernbrook," quoth the colonel, adjusting his eye-glass over His cold, steely, blue eye. "There has been no vulgar architect here. No modern daub of ugly brick ard stucco. Nature Has aided the builder, or the wise fellow Has taken advantage of nature. 'Ma toil'- What, bronze! Sallust of Pompeii could He stalk forth from his lava tomb beside Vesuvius, would stare in wonder at the magnificent proportions of yonder trellised balcony." Seldom? Had there been congregated together such a .witty, laughter-loving group as that which assembled to witness "A New "Way to Pay Old Debts." In the lofty drawing-room there is commodation for double the number as that which site in easy indolence before the crimson curtain Hiding the stage. The gentlemen who are about to 1 take part in the performance are scattered through the audience, laughing and talking. An early dinner Has left them ample time for gossip ere the play begins^ Amongst the loungers, Alton Lyndhurst, drawn 'forth from his ehe.i of reserve, is holding forth on the merits of Chris Marlowe, Johnston, Webster, Marston, and a host of others who Have left their n^ark on the era of" British drama. His listeners are only a group of five, but they are appreciative. On& of the number is a lady, a proud; wealthy beauty, with a face and form as matchless- as that of Helen of Troy. How cold and motionless she sits, yet there is a world of meguiing inv the far-away look in Her eyes. While the Addles are being tuned, and the players /are preparing for Honest Philip Massinger's masterpiece, let me take up the wand oi Hermes and put back old Father Time by six years 1 . The world was younger and brighter for Victoria© Hargrave, then only a strip of a girl, just over her eighteenth birthday, a birthday at which there Had been an innocent drinking of tea at Major Hargrave's cottage, on the cliff overlooking the Waitamata. Major Hargrave is a widower, and as poor as Job. He is a man who has seen much life. -He Has fought for Don Carlos, and derives! -his military title from his service in Spain. Paris, Madrid, and London Have in turn been His home. He has spent some portion of His days in South America, and is not unrememhered in Mexico; but at sixty-seven he has had enough of a nomad existence. It is pleasant to remember his wanderings and relate his adventures whi'e he reposes at ease hy His Hearth; pleasanter still to Have His clever, bright, graceful daughter to minister to his wants, and who makes a sovereign go as far as two dispensed by a duller housekeeper. His cottage at Parnell is the pink of neatness, veiy smallji but seeming much' the snugger^ for its smallnes®, daintily furnished with the relics of larger and more splendid abodes, picked up' as occasion served. Victorine is one of those active spirits who rise early. She gives her mornings to Household duties, and flits* about light of foot, with gloved Hands, and broad linen apron. The major, although a soldier of fortune, Has ever been an Honest man. It is His boast that He has lived amongst spendthrifts and social Bohemians, and yet paid his way; that no- tailor remembers him with a pang; that no time-yellowed page in a fashionable bookmaker's ledger records His dishonour. In his retirement he amuses himself with literature, and though this pastime widen^ His narrow income, he Has more pride m his achievements than in the remuneration 1 . The daughter is not so well satisfied with her surroundings. She Has lived in this seaboard of Auckland for more than ten years; but she has dim recollections of London and Paris, which come and go • in ner memory like a dream in the "Arabian Nights." To be rich and powerful, ;hat is the acme of her ambition. She asks her father wondering "How He can exist in this dull antipodes after His experience of brighter worlds." The girl knows that with even less opportunities she is ;more.vaccomplished than most of Her .wealthy neighbours; sings 1 better, plays more brilliantly, has a more general capacity for learning new things, a greater deftness of finger, superior taste in dress, and m/re skill in making; much out of little. Her father is foolishly fond, proudly indulgent, praises Victorine'e pretty looks, her sweet voice, graceful, winning ways, Her cleverness, and general good management. She lives in an atmosphere of praise, rises every morning to be admired, lies down at night pleased with her own beaaity and sweetness. • The Lyndhursts are the major's nearest and dearest friends. Mother and son are as fond of Victorine as if she were their own flesh and blood. Often in the summer gloaming girl and boy have climbed the cliff above the noble bay, and here Have watched the ships; glide to and fro, like grim ghosts in the fading twilight. Major .Hargrave is at his best as a dramatic critic. Shakespeare is a whole library to him. He has so imbued His daughter with a tove of the great dramatist that the girl Has a veritable passion for the art. She knows every word of Juliet, Queen Katherine, Rosalind, Lady Macbeth, Cordelia, and Beatrice. Under the major's tuition, Victorine has,grown' into a superb elocutionist. By the winter's fire, while her father smoked His pipe, she has spouted the whole Shakesperian round. "Sty toaches her how the most famous actress of His day used to pause here, or linger fondly on a word there, or rise at such a point to indignant passion. He remembers the great Siddons ; how Her awful whisper went through the gloom of the theatre as if mocking the evil spirits. And Vie- -tOrine Hangs on His words with delight, j and asks Him again and again to describe that wondrous art. "Alton Lyndhurst is three years Victorine's senior, and is fighting an uphill fight for a place in the world of letters. What little time He can spare from his work is devoted to Maj or Hargrave's daughter, for the poor penniless scribe almost worships Her. It is the one gleam of sunshine in His drudging life to read Shakespeare with her, or to j>Iay Romeo to Her Juliet. There is just enough in Her unlikeness to all other women to catch the fancy of the dreaming enthusiast, who: is as deeply smitten with the only true, absorbing, unchanging, eternal passion as a young man of twenty-two can be. So on that High cliff, perched on the sea wall, Alton Lyndhurst tells Major Hargrave's daughter his love. Alas! for the unfortunate scribe. With shapely hands resting on his shoulder, eyes looking into His, words coming swiftly, £r:d with sobs boirne; along tl:e eloquent voice, she tells him: that if she cou d love anyone it would be Alton. If she could forget Her terrible struggles with grim want, and resign hex hope of unbounded wealth and station, it would be for Alton. But it had been the dreaos.' of her life to become rich ard powerful, to emerge out of the sloufb of despond and poverty into the clearer light that is born of affluence. Alton' Lyr. lhurst goes back rgein to His work, E-iuts h.'mself up with his. books, and strives, em only earnest men can strive when love d 'es and ambition is born. Before the year is out Victorine Hargrave is married. Amid: the fever of parliamentary de- : ; r to, and the strong opinions quicken- • nsj into life,; and which had begun to agitate even these remote colonists, Alton Lyndhurst fou^d relief from his sorrow. If at first his faith and belief in the purity and goodness of woman Had been overthrown like some rickety temple of frailest masonry, he Had emerged again from his wanderings to the light of former guiding stars. Work had saved Him, hard, stern, unflinchingwork. The very effort to forget his mad • folly and presumption' Had hroughtJorth ai latent power, till then slumbering, and the result was fame. Victorine Hargrave Had the gratification of Her darling wish satisfied, inasmuch as she married one of the largest land-owners in the colony. In the absence of good looks, youth and that necessaiy culture wHich lend ideal charms to love, her husband had abund-' ance of money. Money, that we poor, dreaming rogues rail again'st so: bitterly. The fetish whom we all adore^ rail as we may. Ah, me! If Mrs. {Jayland was not thoroughly satisfied and Happy in her married: life, it was perchance toecause she was a woman, and not the fault of Her lord and master, who gratified every whim, every desire of her Heart, so far as ready cash -could accomplish it. Mrs. Victorine Gayland went to England, and was absent but two years when she returned to New Zealand a widow. Young, beautiful, accomplished, and wealthy, Victorine Gayland' became the fashion' and the rage amongst the upper ten, who neither toil nor spin. The wives of the squatters and bankers, who had heretofore shrugged their fair shoulders at Major -Hargrave's penniless daughter were delighted with the brilliant, captivating, rich young widow. Those who had passed Her coldly by heretofore were glad to meet with a nod of recognition from the queen, whose word was final. She has thought of Alton Lyndhurst betimes in those twoi years of Her married life. Comparisons have jarred upon the sensitive cords of nature, when she has pitted him, in imagination', against this money-getter, who calls her wife. She Has thought .of him very often in her solitary widowhood, wondering why He does not come, thinking Him unkind and cruel for withholding His notice and his praise, now that all the world notices and praises her. She is amongst the first to read that book, which lifts His name at one bouiid into notoriety. Oh! How every page preaches to her of the days that are gone, of those unforgotten days when he- was hers, lying at her feet in the late autumm twilight with the "broad, full moon shining upon the sea. He Has laid his owrai heart upon the dissecting table, and-anatomised its every pulse. She knows now how utterly that heart was hers, how torn and wounded by her desertion. She comes lace io face with him once more in those vivid pages, and the very breath of that love day comes back to her. She reads, and the smouldering love* flames up with a brighter, stromge • fire, and sHe knows that she loves Alton Lyndhurst better far than of old and must so love him to the end. One day at a garden party given by the popular member for West Auckland, Altorn and Victorine meet -again. " The belle of fashion and the rising author are both changed; both are accomplished in th~ polite'art of self-repres- She g '^ets Him with graceful tranquility; >c reciprocates with gracious candour. They talk of the old cottage by the sea "wall, of the dear, dear father. From that time the idol of fashion and the popular author are friends, but there is no word of love between them. "Teanpus- omnia reve- .nt,." Cast thy magic wand aside, 0 x'ermes! Lift the curtain again on the proup gathered; round Alton Lyndhurst. The theme is still men and books. Colonel de Roal is one 'of* the latter party. Watch Him as He sits with quiet mien listening to -the talker. There is one huge sneer stamped from brow to chin, but it is so subtle and refined that it appears like a benign smile on His face. "I often wonder," remarks Fenton Gray, a noted-musician, who has come down to spend the winter at the Rock, "I 'often wonder that tmong so many books written for this age there are so few that seem calculated to make people better." "My dear sir, goodness from an aesthetic point of view is the reverse of interesting," rejoins the colonel, blandly. _ "Yet Goldsmith has ventured to depict characters that are almost faultless," answers Alton. Hie colonel shrugs His shoulders. "True/' He says; "but Goldsmith was a humourist, and could afford to paint virtue. Humour removes the insipidity of benevolence with his heroes. Faust is not good, amid Iago> is simply execrable ; but where can you match them for interest ?" Alton Lyndhurst looks with more attention at the speaker than he has done Hitherto. "Then you deny that there can be any interest in the kind of reading which may tend to raise the whole tone of one's being?" he asks. "For my part, I love Tennyson; one cannot read Him without feeling better and braver." "Nay, virtue is so simple a. matter that it affords few opportunities for art," responds de Roal in the Bame quiet tone. "Vice and crime are manysided, and offer infinite scope for the literary anatomist. One Cleopatra, mighty, and fallen, is worth all the cold perfection of your modern Heroine." The stage bell rings as Alton is about to reply, and that puts an end to al! further controversy. Those who: take part in the performance haste away to dress, and the fiddlers begin to tune for the overture. The most difficult part Has fallen upon the mantle of "the colonel, but "Sir Giles Overreach" fits him as if he had made it a lifelong study/ Lady Aklworth finds a worthy representative in Mrs. Victorine Gayland; The wealthy widow is an artist- cf the first order, as well as a woman of fashion. . . . . t . . . » Nine o'clock p.m.—Settle yourselves comfortably in your seats. "A New Way to lay Old Debts," a play by Philip Massinger, written two hundred and twenty years ago. Such a piece is just thu thing for a drawing-room like this one; and the costumes, so far as the ladies are concerned, are simply perfect. . ... • ' Up with the curtain. A room in Lady Aldworth's house. Boudoir j blue and gold, Brocade,: and satin wood. The walls are paintejd .whitey carved garlands of flowersyand fruit adorn the panelling. Old venej|&n; mirrors; reflecting dark blue delL ,and rate old porcelain. , Grim Fernbroo£ has been ransacked to furnish this ecene. Ten o'clock.—The applause is loud and long. ^ Hilton fernbrook, who has been lounging about, moody and silent, goes behind the scenes. , , , "Ah! 'mon cher,' how are you?" cries the colonel. "Accept my congratulations," replies the younger man, with just the faintest touch of sarcasm in his voice. "You are winning golden opinions, sir." Colamel de Real leads him aside. "My son, if some great enthusiast could suddenly spring up in our midst and raise the roofs oir these people's brains, as Asmodeus lifted the roofs off the buildings in the city of Madrid, what strange things we should - find this pleased and Happy assembly: pondering over." Close by the wing opposite stand Mrs. Gayland and" Alton Lyndhurst. "This night will make you famous," He whisperp. , - f SHe lifts-iHer eyes to his for a moment, then replies, thoughtfully, "If one did not seek to win fame, there would be no such thing as greatness." „ "The most lasting fame Has been won by goodness rather than talent," he answers, coldly, and moves away. The dose of the entertainment is very brilliant, and merges at length into a ball, when polkas aridi country dances usher in the grey dawn of day. CHAPTER V. AMATEUK THEATRICALS The ball which followed close on the heels of the dramatic entertainment was at its Height. From the Half circular gallery above the gay throng^ it seemed that the play Had' just begun., Those who had taken part in the mimic scenes heretofore were merged into the picture, and added tone and colour to it. An old clock of antique model, standing above the balustraded stairway, chimed an hour after midnight as Colonel de v Roal passed onward with measured" tread to the suite of rooms beyond assigned to f His use. He had not changed one jot of his costume as' Sir Giles Overreach, lexcept the heavy wig. He entered his room, took a wet sponge, and; carefully removed all traces of the dark liinies which had been streaked upon his face by the costumiers, who had given to it the hard, stern aspect of the greedy, money grubbing hero 'of the Massinger's drama. This accomplished to his satisfaction, the colonel stood before the huge mirror, and complacently stroked His large moustache reflectively' for some considerable time. At the further end of the apartment there was an old weather-beaten trunk standing on a chair. Torn portions of many labels of divers colours still adhered to it, proving that it Had been a great traveller in its day. Whatever might Have been thei subject of Colomiel de Roal's cogitations, they evidently had some connecting link with the valise, for His, thinking fit ended; he produced a key, unlocked the receptacle, and „toDk $he£9- from some documents, together vith part of an old miewspaper. These He thrust into "His doublet. As He was about -to close the trunk a second thought seemed to occur to him for He plunged his- .hand -amongst its miscellaneous contents, and drew forth a small revolver. ; " - ' "Gaston de-" 1 Roal, you Have existed in this beautiful world till you are old and grey, but your trust in human nature Has not Jbeen improved by time 'mon ami.' , 'Trust no one,' is a good maxim. The 1 greatest-military genius of any time trusted his friend Brutus, and Brutus murdered^sesar. Humph! rest there, my^friend, "till wanted," He continued, in a' smothered tone. "WH^n one has to play with a skilled gamester, it is well to have more than one trump card to hand." With the same measured, soldierly > tread, which appeared part and parcel of the man, he went out along the r jrridor, smiling and bowing with courtly and ascending a small flight ,of stairs branching- therefrom, entered a chamber situated^most^at ijhe apex end of the building.^ The apartment was a sort of retreat or smoking room used by Hilton Fernbrook, and, -on that account was held strictly private from all intrusion by that gentleman's guests. Nevertheless, the colonel marched 'n without ceremony._ Hilton Fernbrook was seated conning a rough chart spread out on a table before him, while Timothy SHarpe, his man 1 , introduced in the first chapter of this history as the Ferret, stood by, ready equipped, as if for a long journey. The latter personage was evidently disturbed at sight of the intruder, but Fernbrook rose quietly, and bade his visitor welcome. "We will defer your departure, Sharpe, until the morning," he said, folding up the map, and placing it in an iron box, which he. locked. "Now go." "Pray, don't let m© disturb, you, my dear Fernbrook," began the colonel. "Be seated, sir. Th,e business is of little importance," rejoined" Hilton. The Ferret bowed and retired, .but n.ofc througH;;iHe ^lotir which' de Roal had entered. He drew aside a thick curtain which divided the room from a deep recess, filled with useless guns, fishing tackle, etc., and made his exit through a low doorway behind it. The master of Fernbrook and his visitor rsat in silence for several minutes after the departure of the Ferret. "My son, I feel inquisitive to-might," said the colonel, ini his blandest tone, after a long pause. "I'm afraid I have annoyed you by coming here unexpectedly." "Not at all. Colonel de Roal is quite at liberty to go where he pleases here at Fernbrook. But what are your desires?" "What is behiinld rtEat screen?" "Nothing but; old lumber accumulated, the Lord knows when or how." "And the doorway there is in the recess?" \- . • • "Leads to a passage opening to the stables below, ghat's all." . "Humph ! This is but a poor; unattractive apartm." 'mom eher,' with so many at your-.ca ; rand. and very much superior in tlus- fvn»•^ of embellishments." Hilton FernbrooJ's turned, and looked full in the face of his companion. "This room . suits me/" he responded, slowly. "Here 1 am secure from intrusion. Come,: sir," he added, more quickly,, "you, have not sought me in my den to ask silly questions at two o'clock in the morning?" "No, my son, certainly not. By the bye, are you certain- that we are free . from intrusion?." ! "As-free as if we were out yomder an the .ocean." "Good!" cried the colonel, in his usual smooth, voice. "After,all,, I;,have not come to tell of ghosts and goblins 4 and of murders none at midnight. Neither have I any secrets of church or state to '.unfold . at this witching houS-. My dear: boy, nxy^sole errand is to show you a paragraph in . an old newspaper, which may possibly, interest you." "Thank you. What newspaper is it ?", • " The 'Sydney Morning Herald,'bearing date' March .13th, 18—"replied the colonel. . "Twelve months ago ?" "Exactly." "The 'news is certainly stale." "But perhaps none the less interesting for all that. Some kind of information, like old wine, is all the better for being old. Shall'I read the paragraph?" "Do so." De Roal drew his chair nearer to the table, on which stood a small perfumed lamp. Placing his gold eye-glass with due care and nicety, He pulled forth the paper from bis. doublet, and began to read. .Hilton Fernbrook looked atjbis companion with a - smile, but it was the cold, habitual smile of the practical man of the world. Above it the eyes gleamed with a sinister expression of dislike, and the bi*o# frowned over the eyes like an overhanging thunder cloud. '"It is now ascertained, beyond a doubt that the burning wreck seen by the ship 'Durham 'Castle,' en voyage to New Ze'aland was none other than the schooner Seagull, which disappeared so mysteriously from this port some mcnths' ago. It will he remembered that the captain of .the Seagull engaged a crew of six men for a voyage to Tonga, Fiji- Islands. On the way the crew mutinied, aiid put the skipper ashore on a small island within a day's sail of Hauti, and there left him to his fate. By a pure chance "Captain Bowls was discovered and taken on board L he s.s, Stormbird a month afterwards, and brought on to Sydney more dead than alive, after terrible suffering." The reader paused, and A looking at His companion', said, "My son, what do you think of it?" Hilton Fernbrook shrugged his broad shoulders. "Think of what, colonel? What interest can I have in the doings of such wretches ?" "Merely for study, dear boy. I know you -are fond of describing the motive powers which move the'-criminal class, Hear -this. 'It is known that one of the mutinous crew engaged by Captain Bowls, of the Seagull, was -beyond doubt a noted' criminal named Vietor Mauprat; an escapee from: Portland prison, England.' ''Rumour hath it that this convict is well educated and of good birth, 'liis father being.no- less a personage than M. August© de Mauprat, consul at'Port Royal,- and Ms mother Berth Pierpointj a Creole of good family in Jamaica, West, Indies. He Tvas sentenced to_ seven years' panal servitude ior killing a British offlcer in some gambling brawl, and has so far managed to elude re-capture. It is also believed that another of the crew- wasformerly Mauprat's man or valefcy and who, under the nom de plume of the. 'Ferret' was known to the continental police as the most brilliant card-sharper. of the day. Description of the escapees.:— " fMauprat, aged about twenty-seven, ,talTi and gentlemanly; carriage, military ; -complexionij. very dark, J)ut deafly Head, long; Hair, 3 rfelack and curly; fore- Head, High; > Hlack piercing eyes, ~ well Cut nose and mouth; frame, strongly^ built; Hands and feet small. Mauprat Has t a,. peculiar gaol • mark upon ms shoulder, which should easily lead to the [detection of' this dangerous criminal.' "Does this picture remind you of anyone iyoui are acquainted Tirith, my dear Fernbrook?" asks the colonel, taking his glass from his eye. "Why should it, Colonel de Roal?" "Oblige me by .looking in yonder mirror while I re-read this description of the escaped convict, Victor Mauprat," says,the colonel, blandly. "Pshaw! .My dear sir," cried the young man, with a sharp laugh, "your jesting is ill-timed. Amuse yourself at my expense, if it so pleases you, but pray, select a more fitting model for my likeness/' _ _ The colonel .fixed his glass, and looked at Him with a cold stare of surprise, which had ini it a subtle touch of satanic Humour. "Don't be offended, boy. You are not i« a jesting vein-to-nightj? he, says, at the same time smoothing out the JI&WSpaper; on the. table, fit the points in the photograph of our friend Mauprat do not interest you, I will-pass on to those of the 'Ferret.' , It reads: — " 'Joseph Hawke, alias the Ferret, with a score of other aliases too numerous to mention. Height, five feet five inches and a quarter; fresh complexion, sandy hair, small, grey eyes, prominent nose inclining towards his left cheek, long scar on upper lip; frame, thin and wiry; walks with a slight limp.' . "Now, my son, if I belonged to the police force, I should certainly be cf opinion that this description of the Ferret is most singularly like ihe personage who just now left this apartment^ but knowing as I do, my dear Fernbrook, tbat any connection whatever between a felon and your respectable man-servant, na inatter how startling the descriptive likeness may, be, ,is, an utter absurdity. I therefore crave your pardom." Hilto^: Fernbrook laughs out that strange laugh again as "he rises to light a fresh cigar. "He is fond' of SmoMng. It helps him to think wlule the colonel talks and reads, and goes on with His seemingly- senseless farce of similitudes. De Roal watches him as he whiffs the fragrant weed into small qlouds of blue vapour—watches Him' with a smile on that smooth, unfathomable face" qf his, whereon there is a- look bordering on admiration. "You have been very-'dull, 'mon che^' in spite ofathe riot going on about youy' quoth thet^eolonelj" presently. "I saw you were.'-^irud l«prepared the mystery of Mauprat and -thfe B-erret toTouse ;you up a bit. My poor=-piotr has failed. 1 ]^, labour. Has been 'iSi vain.--You are Itidt 1 interested, one-'jot." r "Nay,uyom w®ong me^yGdloiiel. T am 3 filled with gratitudei at' yOUr kind endeavour; to amuse responded thfe' : other, quietly. "I confess the descrip-^ tion of your convict, what's His-name, n'importo, bears a strong ' resemblance to my,poor sel£, only the picture drawii is somewhat flattering.?'. Were-the rascals captured, Colonel de Ro'al ?^- "Captured! "No. .Men li^'tius V : c- tor Mauprat are not defeated on the lines laid down in the cases of ordinary criminals." "Flattering again." "Nay; my son. What-chimerical at-: traction ram th,ere possibly be between a vile ;prison hf eaker and the .rich %nd well- born.heir of Fernbrook?" ".The meije supposition has the stamp of insanity upon it. Fie! Now, here is pari of another copy of the same journal of later date, wherein we Have the deifouement of the drama. I picked this tip- on board the steamer Medway, on my voyage from Sydney to New Zealand, and- preserved it, because it contained > an-! account of a teririble catastrophe; -at sea—the burning of a ship, and the loss of all the crew." ' "I am dull at riddles, my dear cblonel." "This is not a riddle. Mauprat, the convict, and his companions perished Ly fire on • board • the < Seagull' schooner burnt at sea on December 10th, eight months * after their escape from Norfolk Island." "Hen Victor Mauprat is dead?" exclaimed Hilton Fernbrook, rising from his seat, and confronting the colonel. "Aye! dead!''' echoed the. other, rising also;' and setting himself face to face with his companion. "Will you read how this clever scoundrel evaded his pursuers, how he -reached New South Wales, obtained money, and by an able scheme chartered the ship, which He destroyed at sea, so that every vestige of his crimes might remain for ever locked in the dark womb of oblivion. Will you read?" "No," cried the other, with solemn; voice.. "Enough that retribution has fallen. Out of the subtle working of my mind the dead shadow -has departed. From, henceforth Victor Mauprat is dead. Dead! Colonel .de Roalj do you hear? The affinity between us twain is rent asunder. And now, the dread, and likeness, aye, the very double of Hilton Fernbrook, being fled', weE—mighty potent^ stern, unflmching will—shall assert itself." As he spoke there came into his hand-; some- face a look which made it almost hideous. From red-to white, and from white to a dull, ashy paleness, and to a yet deeper tinge, larely seen on the human countenance, tHe changes went aiid £ame in rapid, .succession over the colonel's vis-anvis. No • tarnishing jungle tiger ever had eyes more fierce and glaring than this man had. The deadly cobra, reared on end to strike its victim, was not more deadly in its attraction was not more certain in its power of; fascination. And there they stood, these two men, master and pupil, both stuong in tHe gift of mesmeric power, and in the influence of will. The .colonel "noted the change in His companion, end smiled. , 1 He felt the fearless eyes fix themselves, as it were, upon his ossra, in a wordless, bloodless' duel of strength between them. Heretofore the . pupil had been docile and obedient; now it was a test for the , ( mastery. Face to fade witHin a step of each, other, they stand, their eyes, fixed and steadfast, buiis sparkling .and glinting rays like lire.. For a time it seems as If the older mjan is going to win.. He,is confident, smiling, while His opponent,,is frowning and savage almost t,o ^ferocity. In less time than it takes to pen-these lines, the smile has faded from Colonel de, Roal's race, He begins to feel a stronger power than his. own gathering slowly, but surely, round His inclinations, His resolves-like a band of steel. As a mesmerist, he Has> been all powerful, unconquerable. He-feels he is being subdued jiow, ill' spite, of His, Jgaowledge, in spite or all h$ can do. With teeth shut hard, and breath quickened, like some spent swimmer, a thought comes to him. He move® his hand in search of-the revolver Hid away in his doublet. Without the faintest shadow of turning from that terrible fixed look' set straight into the'expanded orbs of his adversary, Hilton Fernbrook notes the movement, and guesses its purport Ere''the Colonel,can raise his hand, 1h£§ \- 'other, - swift as thought/ seizes it, and; thrusts something into the palm. If a -sudden sword thrust had entered the veteran's body, the shock could not Have produced a more striking change in His whole manner. He reeled backward, and the perspiration begins jto gather on his face under the agony Struggle as gamely as he may, he cannot reach the pistol. There is murder imi his desires, and at His Heart, but the will'to act i's going from him. He feels it going, swallowed Tip by the terrible creature before Him, whose dreadful eye hold his eveiy faculty in bondage. A few moments more, and the strongwilled mesmerist is beaten by his own weapons. With pallid* face, closed eyes, and ^nerveless hands clenched, Colonel de Roal falls to the floor, a senseless, inert inass. Hilton Fernbrook draws a iong breath, which is half a groan in its intensity. '' For a moment he stands over his-fallen* antagonist, then raises aim and places him in a chair, unlaces the doublet to give him air, and wipes the poor face' with His .handkerchief. "The cub has grown stronger than the old lion," he muttered, pouring out a large goblet of strong wine, which he emptied at a draught. "This mystery of Victor, Mauprat, the eonvict, was but a shallOw> pretext to work His will on me. Fooli Ami not I his pupil? Yet my master no longer. Could he 'not have reasoned' better than to hold me so weak.' I, whom He has schooled into a semblance of himself. Humph! What papers are these^ colonel, eh, 'mon ami?'—two letters and a photograpH. Why, How is this? These missives are written by one, who signs Hims,elf Hilton Fernbrook. I never wrote those epistles, and am not I '-Hilton Fernbrook. This portrait is : the semblance, nay, a faithful semblance of my very self, even to the most minute particular;, but whor sat for it? "Not I, 1 So here most solemnly swear. How now, old mate?" he pried, turning to the silent form before^'Him,' "Whose letjtars and pictures are' these? £peak| J if thou canst." There was a slight -quivering of the colonePs body, but that was all the answer given. "Pere de Roal, I command thee, tell me whose portrait is this I hold in my hand ?" cried the speaker agaany at the same time; making,several- rapid passes across fte sleeper's face. *- "Look at the back of the pHotograph. It is written there;" muttered the other in' a low tone. Hilton .Fernbrook held the card towards the -light. h "Victor Mauprat!" echoed,the sleeper, faintly. "He is dead, .Pere." "Aye, dead," again - murmured the pallid lip«; . - ^ ^ * * * * * By the grey dawn-4H© young master tof -Fernbrook made his way through the gay dancers- to a building adjoining the stables, where hiss man, Sharpe, wi,s studying Grant's r-'Maori vMade Easy." "Up and r saddle • the Cardinal," he said, in a husky atone; '^you must reach Pukehini to?morfcow night.- 5 '-There you will u find Hotir -Tewarti,- and young Rewartif, ^He Maoris chief tains. Give them these pape^-and bring me their answer. Quick^. awayl" . . "What if I am beset on the road?" asked Sharpe, looking steadily at his master. , ' "Idiot! You have a revolver. Now, (Te be continued.) 