THE OLD THIEF'S FATAL DREAM. HAUNTED BY AN OILSKIN SUIT The clever writ, r of theseiiea of character sketches in the'1 Westminster G^tte/ who has " crested " Archie Sloes, the notorous Glasgow burglar, lolls in bis most receut ortielo Low t .e old man "as befooled by a dream. He says : There is suuMing piety about Archie. H>« efforts »re leavened rrith tcTr.ble ktcow ^ ge, with bitter Mpe.ieuw. I "ntu.ed lo » k » about Danny Bums. " Oh, yc8. said Arc! le, " Danny knows my caret r. Danny and ,ne go ( that seven jeurs I .ran a U-lli.r you of toge.her We was both in the same job. UL, • bow it was ! What was the job Archie? VV o , we was both down on the knuckle- stouT b"kn —the drink had fair got hold of US-tool» gone,, clothes Kone-we was right en the knuckle « it's a bad lookout, Danny, s»ys f-we w< t.kiu' a ramble dowt, Oxford-street one dark night—long ago now—about twelve o■ clock. both a. dry »8 a kiln. 'Archie, saysDanry ,M- there's * swell bloke ! ' He'd just come id the light of a lamp. ' Let'* *>P hlm-. says I. ' You (jet in front of bim-qulok. And I'll put the tug on.' " With oiealthly gestures wliich made my fltsb creep, Archie )d»jed the drama for mr —-ml put the bug on my humble person. Two.bane ful of bony fingers round my thro.t, bend B»fl , in a llrshy vice, a gasp, a horrid gurgle, n . middle of the Pontevilk-road 1 .» '>«®d °< all my possesions, and left for dead-so to .peak. Archie I gently 1 I So that's puttng the hug on, i. it ? Well, I'm glad you ve eeeu the trrorr of jour nays Ml* .J " Sixty pound was in the pocket-book, ( Archie went on, not heeding my exclamations, . " Sixty pound -but rrc never see Ihe colour of if, we both had U fly. Danay darts one war, I another, and they copped as both. vv e met in the dock, and went to Portland together -stven years for highway robbery with vioU ace. And that were the last job I done «ah Uanny Burns. But we was .oou ssp.rated." ' -ep a rated ! =■ " Aye-and a very Ion, d,stance. « Uh ! how w.s that ? " " By a dream. And making our way slowly towards Km* 6 Cross, Archie related the following incidents to me. ( heedless of the hum of men, the roll of Info- , " When 1 done my solitary confiuemt-nt tbey | takes me, fl-cheens and *11-to the quarr.es < »,-!■ and puis me in a quiet corner smcothiu acn«-big Stones they »«. too. weighed mo.e nor a ton tach. They showed me how to do it, and tk-en left roe to my devices. _ ' Well, s»ys I • Archie ! this is a nice easy job as they te eWen ye. Easier nor long handed shovels, easier nor picks, and sat. r uor wheeling . barrow »lo,,g a foot plank by . lo. g ways. Give me leiiy fiimy. No fear of bre.kia' your neck it tli» iob ' So I giinds away at the stone until fetls tired, which *aa very soon, and then 1 Mis me down to get a.y wind apn. • Hallo, Archie, wbat over's that ? ' 1 cnod. X was fair taken aback, for I thought I see the warder b'angiu' up by a hock in the tool hut, close to TOP. X looks agio—batd. Is it a dead man ? s»ys 1 Then I burst outlaugbine. "It *'» on'J a tuit of oiUlrin« diyiu', but it give me a b.d turn, bein' rajther weak a!Ur so much braad and water. But that night Ira em agin they comes a walkin' in on nothii', makio no uC>ise, an' gleamin' .U yellow >c the dark-tbe whole suit o' oilskins, sou'wester an' alt. 1 m not a man that's easy .kcered, but if ever I was it was then. < A.etir, Archie. Good Lord . he's a -talking" to me ! ' 1 cries. I site up in my bed, the sweat pounn'tfiroe. Archie, it said agin, 'Why don't you put me on a.d skedaddle ? * And tb.n it flew out o the winder—bars notwithstandiag. When the warder leave. mnto my business ia foemorninM Ufte my lamps (my eyes, of coone),and there ho was hangin up from the 'ook as much like a dead man a» ever. You villiaa !' cries I , shakin' my 6»t at h.m, all my iron, ringing l>ke a blacksmith's sLop What i dye mean by distmbia' of a 'aid workia man at! lus rest ? Wbat d'ye mean by it ?• And the* 1 stopped .s if I were froze. 'I will put ye on and , skedaddletries L I should never have , thought.of it if he hadn't put it imto my bead. I hears some oMbe men titU-rin'. 'Why are they laughing V says I. Bat I never turns my head, though every second X expecks to hear the alarm But oo-aod soon I reaches the bridge. • Archie !'says I. ' Arehie-anotber mmnte and ye'll be safe acrost, and hv for sweet liberty!' I sleps boldly on to the bridge, aud tramps aloug towards the sentry, who stood about midway. ' Who goes there ? Halt!' be cries. ' Hullo 1' I Bays, and my heart fair lept to my mouth. His gaa was up and piotio' at me. • Don't Ore, ye fool,' I shouts ; ••I'm a free man goin' home to my wife and childer.' There were let* o' free mea workia1 about the place you kaow. 4 Who are ye ?' he cries, standio* close to me ia the middle of the road, still atmin', 4 Don't, I tell ye. I'm a free mas—Archibald Sloss—goin' homo to my wife and childer.' I was quite angry with him. • 4 Goin' home to your wire and children !' he cries, claps bis hand on me, pulls open zny yellow coat—aod tleer waimy nice iron bangles and my sheens exptsed to view. It was an awful exposure. .«-*■ 4 Will ye surrender quietly ?' aays he, diggia' me with the end of the bayonet, aud tlen he whittles, aod in a minute I w.»s surrounded. Well, it couldu* t be helped ; 4 but,' a»yi I to the sentry, 4 why didu't you take my word ?' With that they all begins to laugh. \j 4 Take your word !—word of a man what wears a oilskin suit when the sun's a-shini*' ¥' A.ud so it was, aod 1 fair gnashed my teeth to think how I'd been deceived. 44 They march* me to my cell, and all the w&y; I top' bat>gin' the uilskin suit about Bnd abusiu' it—4 Why don't ye put me on and ske daddle ? ' Oh damn ytz. I made up my miud I'd ot ver put trust in a ghost no more— never. I've m*Ter believed in 'em since. Tbe liars. Well, I knew I was in for it uow. " The next day I'm brought before the Governor, aBd I'm charged firstly—with stealiu' the oilskina ; secondly, with try in* to make my escape. * Archie,' says I, * It's like a sermon, with its firstly and its secondly—aod what'U thirdly bo ? ' 1 kuew. 4 It's nil quite righf, sir/ says I. 4 I've tried and failed. I'll try agio, though.' In a week's time comes the risking magis trate. 4 Is it I rue ? ' says he. * What's tbe good o? a*kin' me,' says 1. 4 You won't believe nje, whatever 1 nay.' Yen—1 will if you speak tbo truth.' • Well, sir, it's tbis way—when the Governor gets n lot of couriers aud hands them over to the warder, it's his business to keep 'em, uiu't it V Aud ou the other hand, it's the bubiuets of the Bonviots—• to get n way if they cut). What do you say, sir? Now, ain't I telling the truth.5 'Ob!' says tho visiting Magis trate, augry like. * There—didn't I fray you wouldn't believe me I kuovved it.' 1 Did you steal the warder's oilskins ?' 4 Steal 'em, no. 1 touk the loan of 'ein—that's all.' * Well, for borrowiu' 'em you shall have a mouth's btead aud water, aud twenty- eight more pouuds weight of irons—forsixmoutbs. Ob! thaukyc, old fellow. Vile it up.' 1 Aud for attempting to escapu you shall have a warm breakfast to morrow raornin'—and fifty lathes. And you'll wonr tho canary jnekot.' 1 Thank ye. sir, then I will be a toff. Fancy nic in a cnuary jacket I Mind I den't flap my wings and fly away.' All that uightlsaw yellow agiu-—only tbia time it was a bird, tbo like o* which I'd never sern afore, sitting uMiido a cat wi' uine tails, whizzing o'er me. I tossed and turned, and were tryiu' to calch the thingall night through I was fair tired out in the morning. At half-] past five the brll lio^fi. &nd; up I gets, wasbta! mysi'l', oloans toy cell, s>ud hits mo down. •Archie,' says I, • I wonder if it hurts f—fur I'd never had any before. 1 Well, eld man, ye can't grumble, onyw>ys. You've wrought for it, &nd; it's only your deserta.' I vras a fair minded mno. I'd hare made a good judge, I believe, if I'd been properly tddichted. But as the time went on <ny bi»ck bruins to creep badly, 4 Cheer up, ArobjcV flays I. Aye, 1 was always a talkm' to mysel'. IM no other friend as cared for me so much as Archie. 4 Cheer up—neve rnit.d—bear it like a roan, and ye'U have a nice warm bretikCBs' instead o' that cold water and dry breivd.' And, sure enough, they bnr gs me a bowl o' hot cocoft and some bread aud butter. At tun they leads me out to execution. They strips me to the waist, lasht 5 roeto the tmugle, and in a minute down comes number one.* Very WRTtmnV Hays i. 1 Knms t1 says I to »umbt r two. But they couldn't act a ye)l out o' me. With number three comes blood. But tbey never got more nor o gro*n out o' ujy poor body. No. When it was over and I'd had my fifty, they takes me to my cell, washes my back and drw-ses it with hog's lard. 'Oh. Paradise!' -ritfi I. 4 But I was worse nor I thought. 4 Take him to the h< Hpital/ stijs the dccti r, in the afteruoou. * Oh ! you fool^h mac,' he siys ' Why don't you behave yourself.' * Behave myself I Para dise ! ' I murmurs. I could scarcely restrfcin :oy joy 4 Paradise ! ' I had chop*, beef tea, arrowroot, rice pudden, p'jtatys. I lies soft aod warm. I gets lots o' baccy. Lots o' talk. And nothing to do. Behave mym If ! I lived like a propor Dook for five weeks—and on the sixth Mood&T; ray name was read out to to Australy as a desperate character. Me ! a dnsperate character. I wts like a lamb. And that's how me and Danny Burns got separated—al! along ot a dream." 