MARRIAGES FORBIDDEN. WHY IS CLEAR, NOT HIDDEN. - Have jour company round a table, with ohocolates, rmte, or aught els--, as counters; and have a pool, irtfo which each player puto Have ready s great many pieces of caid board of uniform size, nearly half of which are to remain blank, whilst the other half, one apiece, are to bear the following names : Harry Peel Abel Hunter Came Nealo Mabel Guntcr Luke Rurney Johnnie Hill SukcGurncy Connie Mill \- Wally Knox Cesar Ford Dolly Box Louisa Ward Lawrence Day Brrtie Thome Florence Gray Orfie Home Willie Taylor Guy Hare Hilly Naylor Dy' Blair ' ' -— ? Val Barry Jenny fesiidfirsfhl Rsl Varrf PHii 6-meaioa Claude White Lil Eatofi Maiid Bright Joe Cooko Cain Powell Flo Hook JjTne Ho well Dan Perry Mosie Marks Ann Merry Rosie Sparki Steve Bradyv Jesse Fuller Eve O'Grfcdy Bessie Buller Ben Bradlev Paddy JJall Gwen Ridley Aadio Hall Zechariah Nixon Anne Maria Dixon Those names will cover forty -six pieces of card, if you choose to use them all ; and other rhymed names may occur to you, making tiem more still. In cither case, do not for get to !add the blanks — some twenty. Thee proceed thU( : Lay all tie pieces on tiie (aMo, face down wards, and let eacn- pJayer draw tarce in strict turn. When alLhave. drawn their three pieces,, let the-ooe who, is to begin look at his three to see i{:fcwo of them rhyme. If they do that constitutes a. Forbidden Marriage; he reads tho rhyme aloud, layfl it in front oi him, and scores one. Ho is privileged also to draw two fresh pieces ; and if these neither rhj-me with each other nor with his remaininp third, he may put one pieoe hack in the heap, take another in its place, end should he be lucky enough thus to get S second pair, he proceeds as before, oven to re-taking with ite third chance ; and on and on. Otherwise, his play passes. Blanks do not pair. Each player proceeds in tho same manner, round and round the teble, till one has se cured thrao Forbidden Marriages, when he takes all- the pool; and after fresh contribu tions from the company, and a shuffle-up of t!ie pi«*^ihe game begins again. Explain^witii much gravity and apparent philosophy, that all ihe foregoing are For bidden Marriages by tho Law of Chances. For that, though no name 16 smonfrst them which could not be held by somebody, yet Oiat for two bodies, which are rhyming bodies,to meet on their oroif£, has not been lajd down fl? po&fiib;!e in any Sigh-and-Tiffy Sweeties. \- - -^rAS ASK£ THESE TASKS. After clearly writing the 'following ready for use, hand it to each of your company in turn, and give a prize to the one able to road it off, with proper articulation, the quickest : For rep&ste; and fasts, without ghosts and boasts and posts, .hoste want gaeste to brinp chests, rests, fists, wrists, twiste, waists, tastes, masts, : casts, l^sts, masks, flasks, and aupht else that infests -and can be put to tests. Obey their behests ! Have an umpire to mark the time by the second-hand of a watoh. TWO GAMES WITH PAPER AND PENCIL. I. TAIL LIKE HEAD. Having providecl each of your company with paper and pencil, oiler a prize to the one who in a given time shall write down the largest number of words having the last letter the same aa the first. ? . . Such words abound. jgero are some for your own use, in case- tije power to produce them should bo challenged: River. Escape Success. Surpass. Demand. Ticket Elevatc. Touthfull.v. Willow. Tardiest. Rarer. Pulp. Oratorio. Nation. Delighted- Critio. Going. Kiosk. Ladleful. Hurrah. All are to leave off at the *ame signal ; and each it to read his owtl.liA, ii» strict rota tion, let it be fang or let it be little. n _. ALL HIS IMPS. - In Hiq 6-imo manner, offer a prize to the person who can write down tie most words beginning with imp. To give some, .they are; Impulse. Impression. Imp-etns. Imp erial. Imp-erioua. Impregnate. * Tmp-oBsible. Imp- ecunious. Imp-laoable. ? ? To season the exercise wjth a. little joke, you can say, 'Be sure if you write Imp-lies, that you also write Imp-ortant ; for, of course, he oughtn't.1 It is Imp-roper!' FJSATHJEBING. Exoept one, provide each of your company with a long peacock's feather; and' these are to fonn round the unfeathered one in a ring. All are to hold the feathers behind them, till, at the signal of a. chord from the piano, they are instantly, but very lightly, to bring in their feathers and extend them till they touch the prisoner's face. It is his business to dart forward and catch one cf. tiie offending hands, and all these are to try, by the rapidity of their touch and withdrawal, to avoid him. If he succeeds in catching a Band, he changes places with the captured friend, receiving the feather from him.' If he fails, tiie pianist renews the chord, thejeathers are again aimed, and cigain, and again,' till capture comes. The game proceeds in the same way with each centre figure. 