A OHOST I MET. By Rev. WILLIAM E. BARTON. G'hosts seem to be popular just now; I hear their noiseless tread and feel their delightful literary shudder in books and Stories not a few. But once I met a ghost, and he was less pleasant in life 'than in a, book. It was the second year of my teaching school in the mountains of Kentucky. ' I had come to feel much at home, and had ridden far and wide m the hills. Horses were at my disposal, 'but I broke a mule ifco ?tlhe saddle, and rode him through Cum berland Gap, in'to Virginia and back, a hundred miles and more. I came to pre fer a mule for long rides over the hills, but on shorter rides 1 more frequently rode a clay-bank pony. Early in - this second year I formed the (habit of spending an evening each week (with the teacher in an adjacent distAct, and this gave me regularly a ride borne of several miles in 'the dark. It was made at least a mile longer by the angle which the road made down to the ford. TJiis extra niile I grudged most of all, and when the water was not too high. 1 took a short cut t'hTough t'lie woods, strik ing. 'the creek a mile higher up. This way was by a mere ?bridle-.path, which led through an old field and along a ridge, and then through a half-mile oi low-growing beech-tree's, where one 'had to ride care fully to keep on his horse in the dark — and ft was dark in there. One night I heard some animal crashing through the underbrush above me, and keeping near me until I reached 'the creek. QJhe next iweek I heard near at hand the jjafchetoic,' fearsome, halfJhuman and half fiendish cry of a panther. Aiid so I tooK to carrying a revolver with me, and for a time kept the main road. But a moqalight night brought me back ifco my short cii't again, and I kept it thence forth, eyenj if once or twice the water was high enough to set my 'horse -to swimming. But the longer road, I dare gay, would sometimes have proved- the : shorter way home. At least, there was one 'time when at would have saved ane a fright an-d a delay. There was only one house' tori the short cut road, if I may call it a road. It was ifhe deserted calbin belonging to the old fields, and it etood not far from the high wlay. A disagreeable story was told about it, and uncomfortable things were alleged Ito have been seen there. These associated ?themselves not only with the house, which stood with, gaping door and sunken roof and tumble - down stick chimney, but also [with the dead sycamore-tree that stood in Ifche fork of' the path below the bouse. In truth, the tree looked fearsome teno'ugh-t night. It stood out so white and bafe. so gallows-like, and, so menacing, Ithat it'aione might well have been an object of fear. A ghost of a tree it was— rooted Sn its own grave, a bleak, white tombstone ictf a tree, i I looked at it as I rode under Sfc with a certain half-expectation of see ling, some alarming thing happen there. It came one chill, drizzly night. There were occasional angry spits' oi rain, with long - separated and far - distant glows of lightning. - It .w.as a shivering, creeping night, with a touch of something in. the air that led one: to-. anticipate trouble. I, remember, distinctly that; my friend said to. me as I left, 'This is the very night to see a ghost.' ' ' ' . 1 think I really expected to see some-, thing that night. The shudder of it was. in the bones of things in general, and I could feel it creeping into my. own. And I never doubted that the place to' see it was the dead sycamore-tree. Yet. there- was a certain fascination in the prospect which made me take the short cut. I did not want to see what was thefe^ yet I. could not bring' myself to avoid it. ?So the tree came, in' sight, and at ' the view I started.' There it stood, white against the background of the haunted house, but — I miist be mistaken, yet I could not be — the. trunk was unusually white to - night! I cast my eye along it. The 8 ft. at -the bottom were so white that by comparison the upper part looked dark. And just as I began to- .- assure myself, against my conviction and the evidence of my senses, that it was only' imagination, my horse gave a snort and made a quick turn with me. There was no doubt about it now. There was something there. I got my horse around to face the situa tion, and as calmly as I could, considering my own feelings and those of the horse, inspected the frightful object ahead. It was certainly a hideous thing. The figure was about eight feet high. It had white horns- and a neckless head, that bobbed about in- a menacing way. It had arms which made threatening gestures, and it moved out into the path as I look ed and stood clear of the tree. I held my horse with my right hand, and passed my left through my mir to see il£ it stood erect. I took courage from the fact that it did not; although why it did not I could not and cannot understand.' I cer tainly felt the bristling sensation that made me want to pull down my hat. I do not like to be thought a coward; yet I am not at all disposed to claim that I was unmoved by. the object before me. If, I argued, that it was not a ghost, be cause it could not be, the answer was in dubitable that it was- something, and if not a ghost, it answered the description of one. If it was not a ghost, it was ap parently something quite as formidable. Indeed, had I known that it was a ghost I might have almost felt relief. Still I held my horse with face to the front, and urged him on wrtjh my heels. The hill rose abruptly on one side; a deep ravine was on fehe other. There was only the al ternative of going ahead or turning back, and I could not quite go back. So, striking in my spurs, I dashed by the ghost, which made a lunge at us as we passed that caused my horse to- shy dan gerously. On I rode a little way up ttie ridge, at first congratulating myself that I was safely by. Then — was it courage, or curiositv, or cowardice lest I seem to my self a coward? — I turned my unwilling horse and rode back again. The ghost was still there, and when I came somewhat near, renewed its hostile gesticulation and approach. My horse, which had barely got by when headed to ward home, -would go no farther when fac ing away from home. At length I dis mounted, and holding my bridle in my lefc hand and my riding-whip in the right, ap proached the ghost. The ghost ceased lo come toward me, and seeing me still com ing on, began slowly to retreat, Still wav ing me back -with his flapping arms, and his broken-necked and bobbing head. I would have advanced more rapidly, now that it was retreating, but my ad vance -was impeded by the pulling back of my horse. I may as well confefss that while I had courage enough, at a pinch, to face the ghos*t, I had not enough to hitch fche horse. The horse-was my final resort for a retreat, and I still, did not know what object I was ? facing, or into what sort of ambuscade he was backing. I have heard that all men are cowards in the dark, and' I partly believe it. Still I also believe_ that a man never really knows to what point hia cowardice may be push ed back till he stands alone in the dark and face to face with peril. I gained1 upon my ghost. At the last minute he got tangled in his own ghosth ness and stumbled over a less ghostly com panion, and I was upon him and punched the butt of my whip againslt the white. It yielded, and struck flesh behind; and the ghost shrank, frightened from- the im pact. Then I seized the ghost firmly. He stopped, but two skulking figures raa- away, and the ghost turned and grappled with me. I was at a disadvantage with only one hand, but I gave him a wrench that even a ghost may not have found comfortable, and which elicited a cry of pain. It was the retreating footsteps of his companions, however, that most dis tressed him. As soon as he heard these he was as much afraid to be alone with me as I had been to be alone with him; and I took courage from his fear, and from his solidity as well. My ghost was not past feeling the pain of a wrenched elbow. I made another grab at him, and got him near the throat. He shook himself ?loose, but I held the cloth, and lie dis engaged himself from his ghostly trappings and ran. A moment later he fired his pistol, and then two other pistol shots came from his companions a little farther down the road. The danger was past. There was no chance of his hitting me while he ran, and his friends' shots were from a safe dis tance. It was far too dark for anything like certain aim, and I had no real idea that -they wanted to hit me. It was their warning thpit I was not to follow them farther. I had no thought of following them. I turned to inspect my capture. It was made of two sheets and some light poles. The two main sticks were crossed, and the upper part made the horns, while the lower part was either held by, or fastened to, the chief ghost. The head was a blown-up bladder, and I must say that its hideous fobbing between the horns was frightful out of all proportion to its real character. I guessed that the arms were worked by the two assistants, but of this I was -not sure. Their presence may have been for the sake of their moral support. I tried to take my prize home, but I could not get it near my horse. Go I threw it into the creek, remounted, shouted a somewhat boastful defiance to the ghost's friende, telling them, if I remem ber right, where they could find ? the ghost, and 1ihat they would be found ill tlhe Same place if they played ghoat again, and rdde off. A quarter of a mile ahead, as I followed the ridge, I saw another white object ap proaching me, moving to right and left as the pa't'h followed ;tJhe curves of t'he ridge. I was angry by this 'time, and ireaidy to fight. I had had enough of ghosts for one nig'ht, I eaid to myself; so I bore down up on him at full speed. He looked terrify ing as I came nearer, and was manifest^ coming a't me aJong the ridge top. Sue my horse iffld not shrink from him as from fcht* former one. In a moment we were upon him, and be turned with a bellow and fled down ibhe ridge.. It. was a -whd!te steer, -At another .titoe^eVwSuld^t-haye Btartled. me^iitall, 1mt-a$t^-$he -experience at tihe . sycamore tree I was ready -to isee'a.ghost. in whatever looked white tha't night. ? ' '''.'. Even atf, I am certain many ^people'; in their nervous excitement, invest hannless jijbjecijs seen at nighVand under unusual circumstances with all the attributes that make good ghost stories. : - This, however, did not expladn the first ghost; but I dia not have to wait long to learn tihe 'truth. I reflected tfhat af I told ~m- one aiboift it, and ,came- to hear olf it, the -repor'fc that reafehed me must needs came from -the ghost or his friends. Sure enough, within a fort-ndght a young man from .the other district eadd ,tio me-^-'I heered bh'ai; you seed- a ghJI't down by Bill Trooper^ haunted dead .sycamore.' '^ , 'I take it ifjha't you were the ghost,' said He stoutly denied the accusation, and I ?pressed him as to the source of his infor mation. And iso it came out that he was ?not the ghost himself, but one of the kiin dred smrifa tihiait accompanied his ghbst ship. He gave me the names of 'bhe others, 'and I learned Uhe animus -tf the gjhost. There wa3 a young lady in the family where the teacher' boarded, and a young man 'who lived near who w(as fond of heT, tibough't iny frequent visits to the teacher were addressed .to 'his lady-love. He de vised this plan to discourage my visits, and had Bio difficulty In getting his friends to assist so worthy an enterprise. Tha't is the WlMe story, except that he is married jio-w 'to the giii whom he loved and atill loves. I am glad.oi it; for I never Wad tihe ghost -of an idea off proving his rival. — 'Boston YVxtbhs' Companion.' 