[COMPLETE STOBY.] I SINT OF' UWRENCE CHETWYND BY ALISON HUGHES, Author of 'The Queen's Drawing Room,-' ' j&unt; Adela's Legacy,' ' Revenge ip Sweet,' &c;, &c; corYBiQin^ ^^^'^''*O U some ? | months past ^%\ve Lad been 1 spending JL rather a lazy, ^^, u n e v e n tful time ; the calm before the storm, as subsequent \ facts proved. A few ?weeks , sketching along the shores of the Lake of Geneva, a brief sojourn at Lausanne, al ways a labourite halting-place with me, on aivmiit. of early associations, a little swal low's llight into Italy; then, as the season grew more advanced, we now and again spoki- of a sail to Norway. Not that we viro cither of us accustomed, or able, to lwi.l this idle, desultory kind of life for long together. On the contrary, we were both pour men. a-nd entirely dependent upon our own exertions for a comfortable or uncom fiirt;ili!i- existence, as the case might prove. Sii'l.lenly my friend Lawrence Chetwynd jzivw unnccouutably silent and depressed ; niiiiij his sketches aside unfinished or tore them to alums, and altogether behaved in a m 's' peculiar fashion for a man of his painstaking, persevering calibre. Finally, one morning he announced his in tention of returning to England at once, via 1'aiis. Whei I mention that the month was July, perhaps my consternation may be understood. ' Paris!' I shouted in tones rivalling the thunderous echoes of the storm outside. 'Paris, do you say? By all the saints of the calendar, you must be mad or dream in;:, to utter such a word at this time of the year. Besides, it is impossible !' Lawrence knew that my reference was to failinu finances, and shrugged his shoulders ruefully. ''Three months ago you swore tbat^you wnu'.d never set foot in that delightful thniiirh most dishonest citv again,' 1 per sist el Anirther shrug of the shoulders, and then my friend proceeded to turn his pockets iissi.k; out, and count what little store of ui-sL remiiiiH'd to him. A-: was customary ?with me, I followed sail, ami was not a little astonished to find myself somewhat richer than I had calcu :.in .! i -.pun. With, a bound Lawrence leape 1 i:;i--i i! iv iieasure, gathering up notes and (??!. -'iV.ier coins with the fierceness of c -. 1 1 ? r \+ '\ :.!-: Co 1 ?' lie said, apparently driven t ? -7 t . h by ihe. fact that between us at ii a -I i h ?? mcessary means for the accomplish r.ieiii of his desire could be raised. We never counted money separately in those J-iv.s! Sometimes I was in luck, sometimes mv companion held the reins, but always i\v-- ipf us .shared in the benefit. So it came to pass that a few moments later I was listening to Chetwynd's strange explanation of !i:s desire to seek England again. 1 i.-nu-y 1 see him before mo now. Lean ing forward oh his elbow, -with one hand pushed throus-h his abundant hair, he told me that for three nights in succession his brother Hubert had appeared to him. The moment 1 heard Hubert Chetwynd's name, 1 dropped the mask of indifference, and lis tened with the most intense interest. ?' It was in Paris, at our old quarters off the Boulevard Malesherbes, I saw him, and he was in trouble. I must go to him as -..,m as possible. Of course you will come inn. You see, it is impossible for me to move, without you. Besides, we have al wav.s stuck together through thick and thin, through wcaland woe. And it means woe t!:is time V My friend's head fell forward as he spoke, and* I knew he depended on me for the rest And the rest? Why, of course, those two words meant Paris, -without delay of sleep, food, or an}' other circumstance what evei In line, we arrived in Paris, more dead than alive, by reason of a thousand inconveniences unknown to richer and more leisurely travellers. l!.:t the moment Lawrence Chetwynd's fi-et trod the magic pavements of the gay -hv, tl-e burden of trouble fell from his shoulders on to mine. We were shadowed. Ai i--:iu!ar intervals during our journey a curio lsly attired, gray-haired old man had lia'uite.l us, and the moment -we set foot in inn- Paris, hotel I saw and recognised him auainl Indeed, by mutual impulse, we saluted one another. Lawrence, however, saw and knew no thir.ir. He appeared to be living in a kind of stupor — as though half his faculties were bon '.imbed. ' Now that we are here, Roger, perhaps ihi! merciful Fates will allow a little sleep in visit us,' he remarked, when late in the evening we were preparing to retire to our respective apartments. I believe I gave a sort of munting acquiescence to this remark, but, 1 had not the slightest intention of sleeping myself until I had made some at tenipt- at acquaintance with the strange old man who had so persistently followed on (?in- track. As luck would have it, I found him in thi- court -yard lighting a cigar preparatory to sallying' forth for a stroll. Our eyes met, and we again exchanged a courteous bow. Beyond a~fcw remarks concerning the wea ther, my companion seemed averse to speech, however, contenting himself with tuuwying me furtively from beneath his s'haggv brows. Assuming a bold, friendly manner, there fore, I suddenly drew out my cardcase, and presented him with the means of addressing mo, by name, at the same time remarking that it was a thousand pities we had not broken the ice before. ' Seeing the whole of our journey has proved to be in the same direction, monsieur, we might have rendered it so much less tedious by the interchange of friendly notes en route.' The strange old man examined my card with a sinister sneer lurking round the cor ners of his mouth. Suddenly he gave a leap to my side, and clutched me by the sleeve. 'The name on this card is not correct! You are trying to deceive me. It should be Hubert — not Lawrence Chetwynd !' While he spoke, I made two discoveries. I had presented the stranger with my friend's card instead of my own. My second discovery was that he was an Englishman. ' But why should I try to deceive you, sir?' with a distinct emphasis on the 'sir.' '.My friend's name is Lawrence, not Hu bert! That he greatly resemb'es his twin brother 1 do not deny. But si*-1 vases are by no means uncommon.' 'Twin brother! Then thtJi. are two Cbetwynds ! I never heard this fact before.' ' Then vou cannot be very well acquainted with tha 'history of the family,' 1 replied, cur*'' 'AH the world talked of the un i- -ill made some few years ago by the \- t- r of these two brothers. To one was '?T.c 'the familv estates, together with every ? ..?nnv of money. To the other, good health, a handsome face, and beggary. A quarter of an hour or so makes a cruel dif ference sometimes in one's destiny. . My companion heard eveij word, ob livious of the fact that one or two waiters were lingering suspiciously within earshot. His hand still clutched my sleeve, and his piercing glance seemed to search through my very soul. 'You look honest,' he said at length. ' But; they must be very much alike. God help me, I might have killed the wrong man !' Perceiving my look of horror, he broke into a loud affected laugh, and, picking up the cigar, which had fallen neglected to his feet, passed with a gesture of adieu into the crowded streets of Paris. Feeling extremely depressed, I -was pre paring to follow Lawrence Ghetwynd's ex ample, and seek recuperation of many weary days' fatigue in sleep, 'when, to my amaze ment, Lawrence himself joined me in the courtyard. Only partially dressed, and looking more like a ghost than a man, he seated himself at one of the little marble tables, and called hoarsely for brandy. ' Thank God, I've found you !' were his first words. 'I think I shall go mad, or take poison, if I have that cursed dream again. Something's altogether -wrong -with Hubert! It's no use resting a single mo ment. My brother is here — in Paris! We must find him, Roger. Let us search for him at once.' By this time I had become extremely irrV table, and I am afraid my language- must not be repeated. ' I'm jolly well sick of all this farrago of nonsense concerning your brother and dreams of misfortune,' was my concluding speech. ' You may stalk through -the whole length and breadth of the city if you choose ; for my part I am going to bed.' Without another word I left him. Next morning, feeling extremely ashamed of my churlish conduct, I went straight to my friend's room in order to place myself at his disposal for the remainder of the day. But Lawrence was nowhere to be found. Inquiring of the concierge, I discovered that he had left the hotel shortly after our abrupt parting, and had not since returned. I was desperately annoyed with this turn of affairs. Lawrence Chetwynd was not only my dearest friend in life* but he was the only one whom I thoroughly and en tirely trusted. His -was a nature true as steel. I felt I had deserted him in a season of danger and troub'.e, and reproached my self most bitterly. As I was rising from the breakfast table wondering where to go and what in the world to do next, my companion of the previous evening entered and called sharply for his bill. 'Ah! So you are still here?' he ex claimed vouchsafing a curt nod in my di rection. ' I met your friend Lawrence in the Bois this morning; and his brother Hubert was with him. You spoke the truth last night, as I thought. They are con foundedly alike, though. But there is a dif ference notwithstanding. Quite enough for my purpose.' My blood boiled at the odious insolence of this old man's tone. Looking at him critically, I observed he was deeply agitated. His face was livid, and his thin, claw-like fingers clutched the table convulsively. ' I am afraid you have not passed a good night,' I observed quietly. ' Oh, as to that, you are mistaken,' -was the reply. 'My night was a brilliant suc cess. It is moving from place to place that I abhor — those wretched midnight changes, those hurried meals, those abominable in conveniences of travelling, so trying when one is no longer young. But everything is altered now. I have no longer any occa sion for doubt or suspense. My ignorance, too, has been dissipated with regard to the most vital point of all. Strange that your friend has a brother. Stranger still that the two resemble one another so miracu lously. Had it not been for that little scar over the left eyebrow my work would have remained unaccomplished, after all my pa tience and zeal. But heaven rewards the just.' ' Look here !' I said suddenly. ' You are a scoundrel! You are watching my friend, or his brother, for no good purpose. Understand, however, I am watching you !' The man started as though stung by an adder. 'What!' he cried, or rather hissed be tween his teeth, ' you say you are watching me?' He then suddenly assumed the affect ed laugh wh1-1* had struck me on a former occasion. ' You are -^tte mistaken in your estimate of my character and purpose,' he continued. 'My interest in Mr. Hubert Chetwynd is mercenary. He owes me money. And I mean to make him pay before many days are over, or I will know the reason why.' A waiter appearing on the scene at this moment, I went out without another word in search of Lawrence. Happily, he was not far distant. I had scarcely reached the Madeleine when his hand was on my shoulder. ' Well, old man., did you sleep your bad temper away last night?' I must explain here that it was an un written law between us never to take offence, no matter what might be the provocation. We quarrelled, argued, and fought out our battles of diverse opinion like the rest of men. Unlike the rest, however, we counted our friendship the most supreme possession in life. Linking my arm within that of the ques tioner, we walked on in the blinding glare of the noontide sun, while he recounted the strange circumstance of his meeting with Hubert. ' It was awfully funny, Roger. I went straight to a certain bridge over the river where there is a stone bench, and there, just as I had seen him in my dream, with both hands thrust into his pockets and an ugly scowl on his face, stood Hubert, look ing* down into the yellow, muddy water. I would not tell another soul save yourself,' he added, 'but the instant my brother re cognised me he swore a terrible oath, and struck me with all his might. ' Startled at this occurrence, for, although our last parting had been cold, it had not been unfriendly, I was more than startled at what followed. Turning on his heel, my brother sought to escape me. The sting ing smart left by his cowardly blow was as nothing to this second insult. ' I followed, not without his knowledge, for more than an hour. At last he halted and confronted me, with the moonlifiht shin in'- full upon his face. ' ' Have you come for your money, Law rence?' he asked. ' I had never heard my brother speak in such tones of utter despair in his life before. Something in his attitude arrested the sneer which would inevitably have fallen from my lips at the mention of the word money, but I put the temptation aside. ' ' You are in trouble,' I remarked, gravely. .-- , . ?'Trouble enough to sink a ship, or drown a man!' was the answer. 'I was just about to make my farewell obeisance to this cursed world, and seek the arms of the beautiful Seine, when your arrival postponed my plans— for awhile.' ' ' There is very little I would not do to prevent your taking such a cowardly step as that of suicide, Hubert, But if it is money you want, there I am powerless. My father, as you know, dealt the cards very unevenly in that direction. I am little short of a beggar. Still, all my sympathies are yours — my services too.' ' ' Shake hands, Lawrie, maybe for the last time! I am a beggar as well ! Every penny of the Chetwynd fortune is lost. Ill gotten money— you *know the old proverb. ' ' The Chetwynd money was not illgot ten,' I replied hotly. ' It may have been ill-spent.' ' ' I tell you it was ill- gotten !' he shouted, stamping his foot in a paroxysm of rage. ' My father left a just and honourable will, as well as a just and honourab.'e name. To you he left the money, to me, of course, descended the land. But of what use was *b estate' to me which I could not sell ? I , I wanted money — nothing but money. l would have sold every brick of the man sion, every shrub in the coppices, every bramble of the hedges for money — but the law prevented me, as you are aware. So I forged a later will, in which I inherited both property and money. Every penny of the latter has been lost — gambling debts, horses, and the rest. . Of course you can claim what you like upon the estate. You can repay yourself as the days go by, for it's a fine property. I always meant to Jeave a last dying confession of my misdeeds. Indeed, a sealed packet awaits you at our family lawyer's, only to be opened upon my death Why don't you speak, Lawrence? I've done my part towards reparation, and I intended to sleep in the Seine to-night. You' can shoot me if you choose. I shan't flinch. I'm sick, deadly sick, of the shame and hollow mockeries of this side the grave.' ' I felt it was the truth my brother was speaking. We had never held many views in common. He had gone his way in life — an idle, careless, dissipated way, as it after wards proved— but the birthbond had always held us together in an outward form of friendship. Why can't you speak, Lawrie ? I know I'm a scoundrel. Ever since I can remem ber -we seem to have played the separate parts of saint and sinner.' ' My brother turned very pale as he spoke, and the familiar abbreviation of my name for the second time did the rest. The pas sionate hatred which had burned in my breast during the recital of his wrongdoing vanished. I broke down utterly. Thank God, iny dear father is acquit ted of the crime of injustice, and the cloud of parental unkindness removed from my path. Also, that I have been tLe means of saving you from a death of shame. Hubert.' ' ' Thank God !' he repeated fervently, raising his hat as he spoke—' for the child's sake 1' Then you are married !' I ejaculated, aghast at this further development of affairs. We had not met since my disin heritance. ' ' 0h- ves ! My 'wife is a mere child her self, and three months ago a son was born to us. It was for the little chap's sake I camo over here— to Paris. I have always been lucky hitherto in the gay city, and thought to regain some of my lost 'wealth at the tables, as so often befo*re. But you I know where the luck drove me to-night! By the way, who is that cadaverous old man under the lamp opposite?' he added, in tones of fear and suspicion. 'Here we are at my quarters. Let us finish the rest of our conversation indoors.' ' ' So we went in, and had some food to gether ; and now I am here, and must beg of you to let me have the sleep for which I am almost dying.' Wo Avere passing through the courtyard of our hotel, bright with flowering shrubs and little marble-topped tables, as Law rence spoke, and instinctively I looked round for the strange old man who had haunted us both so persistently. He was not there. Three days after this conversation all Pans rang with the news of a foul murder, which had been committed in one of the low wine shops of the city, close to Notre Dame. The victim evidently belonged to the superior class of society, hence the un wonted agitation connected with his death. Some of the journals described him as dark and middle-aged, others as young, florid, and slightly built; but 'all agreed that he was of gentle birth, and none could furnish the least clue to his identity. The murderer had completed his task with the utmost care. Not a paper, not a scrap of linen, not a jewel, had been found on the body, which now awaited identification at the Morgue. I was bending over the latest account in my own room, Lawrence having gone out to meet his brother, for whose society he had j almost deserted me of late, when what I j tnnV at first tr. Kx. o ,«o,lm..« , ? u.j ,.r.nn me. ' You must come with me at once to the Morgue. Hubert is there I' ' But, Lawrence ? ' I was beginning. Then I saw something in my friend's face which forbade expostulation, and mechani cally I took up my hat. On our way to the Morgue Lawrence spoke twice. 'Hubert begged me not to leave him last night. He declared that he was shadowed every step he took by a wretched, ill- looking old man ; and, some how, he seemed to know who the man was, for he trembled from head to foot with fear.' The next remark startled me in spite of myself. ' I was dreaming again last night, Roger; but of course I knew better than to mention such a fact to you.' Lawrence's glance of reproach was more than I could endure. ' I tell you what it is, Chetwynd. You are bewitched — or something very much to the same purpose. The sooner we get out of this broiling atmosphere the better for our brains. I vote we quit the whole thing i to-night, and leave your brother to return to his paternal acres.' My friend's reply was to ascend the steps leading to that ghastly window, behind which the unfortunate unknown dead of Paris are exposed to the pitiless gaze of the careless passer-by. I am no lover of the horrible myself, and could not repress the sickly faintness and shuddering disgust which stole over me as my eye fell upon a group of little children with their faces pressed close to the cruel glass. There were three terrible objects exposed to view that day — the body of a young workman with signs of starvation written on every feature and .a great gash in his throat, the body of a woman — but I cannot even now at this distance of time dwell upon the details of this creature's loathsome appearance. Suffice it to say that in the middle of these two victims of crime and utter wretchedness reposed the form of a singularly handsome, distinguished-looking individual whom (though I had never before seen him) I knew in a moment to be Hubert Chetwynd. He was lying with his eyes wide open, and his ? magnificent teeth, glittering — in a savage or agonised grin — it was difficult to decide which. He had evidently been shot through the heart, and the murderer had completed his foul work by afterwards cut ting the throat of his victim. I never quite knew what immediately fol lowed on my awful discovery. A. crowd gathered round us, for Lawrence had fallen to the ground in a dead swoon, and I was found leaning against the nearest wall with my eyes closed, and for the time being perfectly speechless. Such occurrences as a, man fainting were common events in that special Quarter. One of the throng ran to a wine shop for brandy, another loosened Chetwynd's collar, and several others assisted to place him in a voiture which happened to be at band. He never recovered consciousness until long after we had reached our hotel, and even then his senses were all confused and wan dering — indeed, for many days he was under the doctor's care. A month afterwards found us travelling towards a pretty, red-roofed village in Sus sex, where stood the grand old Elizabethan mansion of the Chetwynds, whose leaded windows gleamed in the sunlight. Law rence had made an appointment to meet the family lawyer there, and after, the comple tion of his business we had arranged to resume our former al fresco life abroad. 'I Bhall not burden the estate by so much as a penny,' he told me, as we drove through the splendid beech avenue leading to the°principal entrance. 'I merely want to make arrangements for poor Elsie's com: fort until the boy comes of age. Then he will, of course, take matters into his -wa hands.' 'But surely,' I inquired, -with ih.^nse concern, no less than surprise—' surely you will reimburse jwrselfj in £art at least^ for tho money your brother misappropri ated ?' _ Lawrence looked at mo- for a'mdment in silence. Then a curious sr-:l°. spread slowly over his face. 'Well, I rather think ,*-t,' he replied at last. ' You see, it would mean letting Elsio into the secret of her husbund's .dis honour. I won't do that at any cost !' After dinner, at which the young widow was present, Lawrence and Mr. Noble, the family solicitor, retired into the library to gether, and I saw no more of my friend until the nest day, their business interview having lasted through the night. ' We are leaving here at once, Roger, if you have no objection,' he said, in a hard, constrained voice. I noticed that his hand shook as he turned over the leaves of Brad shaw, and his face was deathly pale. Hubert's poor broken-hearted widow ac companied us to the door, as we said good bye, imploring us to come again very soon, and crying bitterly as her glance rested on the lithe athletic form of her husband's brother. ' So like and so unlike my darling Hubert,' she kept on repeating, as we tried in vain to comfort her. ' ' She was one of those fair, angelic-looking women with flaxen hair worn loosely about her shoulders, and pretty rosebud mouth — the kind of creature whom misfortune kills as surely as a knife. Lawrence, though avoiding her as much as possible, treated her with the most ex quisite courtesy , and kindness. But the moment we were out of sight of bis old home his forced composure vanished. Bury ing his head between his hands, he leaned back in the corner of the carriage and sobbed convulsively — entirely overmastered by the passion of consuming grief — grief 'in which no human sympathy could bear a part. Never again during the course of his somewhat brief existence did my friend re; visit Chetwynd Hall 1 Before his death he confided to me the solution of his ' sudden departure froni thence, together with cer tain other matters bearing upon this history. It transpired, during Lawrence's private interview with the family solicitor, that the sweet young girl- wife Elsie was in reajity no wife at all ! Hubert had married a farmer's daughter secretly during his college days, deserting her afterwards, and leaving her under the supposition that the ceremony of their wedding had been illegal. During her lifetimo this supposition had been main tained. She died shortly after the birth of Elsie's child, and, her true position having been discovered by her father, he swore to be revenged. Inheriting a strain of Italian blood' from his mother's side, his sole end and aim in life from ihe day of his daugh ter's burial was to murder her cowardly and cruel deserter. Having completed his work he disappeared, and was never again' heard of. Probably the Seine swallowed him up. Of course Hubert's death rendered it im possible for matters to be placed on a proper legal footing for poor Elsie. As for the child, heir to the lovely Chetwynd mansion .and property — why, the boy had no right even to bear the name. Lawrence told me the struggle between the two points at issue for him had been terrible. Hubert's sealed letter had con fessed everything. There remained to him only one of two courses. Either he must publish his brother's infamy to a sneering, scoffing world, or he must go forth once again, the penniless younger brother of the family, and watch over the Chetwynds' in terests from afar. He choso the latter course. We resumed our old wandering life under foreign skies. Sometimes Fate smiled on us, and oftener she frowned, but we remained for the most parfc indifferent, and were as happy as the generality of mortals in our own way, until tho terrible hour arrived for us to part. When Lawrence Chetwynd died there passed from earth one of the most self-sacrificing men ever created, and one of the most noble ! 