vi. The Yl :11a rd? h.id hren at Grey Court fl>v»ut a month wlwn I git Jinny. Contrary m .my cxpertnition of mine. Oti a no sooner heard of my arrival thin he TVTote inviting me down for Home hoofing. The portion hot-woon fanto- a.inl .:hed when 1 got there. I noticed at ottoe fba-t the yoitnc men seemed io appre em re ttve'T fjrher'K society, and wen TvlWy 71 »m a little proud of pirn : yet they treated "him with rather a ? rained (Wifemv and r afleetion in if, There was n life-long grudge botwoen them. I mood the work of Mrs. Pnnn- nvmd hero, flifd Williard was not. the inn. 11 hi mmh» it "hi 1 « »r any g'i'hi »\jij wtrirb wan not entirely spon Ian «vms. Re had dropped into a tolerably easy way with them, half-brotherly, half- fatherly, and would have been on the best of terms with them, and in the receipt of their most unlimited respect, if the shadow of their neglected relationship had ?o? ever hovered between them like a ghost. It was a thouind pities thoy were j relaT>d. nhev would have ma lo such. I excellent eUr-mj) friends. I 1 recollect now a remark of WUlhird at dinner my firvt. evening there, it somehow brought back the half obliterated vision of Mi Rosamund to my memory, and net rac wuuteriug if ))a |»>id done anything jnce his arrival ; in England to advance h ii-s suit With I her. Willlard's youngest boy vrafi : illn»1 <>rto, after him. a name hi ! friend, harking tack, perhaps, to I grandmotherly rimes. o»>rmpnd into 1 " Torrie." Will iji-Tvl violently dislike! this, and fie had hi? own emphatic way of saying " Why do y The fdiow V 4 Totrio !' 1 roll you once ,'«»r all to rop it. 1 ",'s enough to «)»il ihc imiv's pr«>»-.povrs in "life i" Thefi hi? r./:ic cliangiMl. " \r» noisl f0 think y..u :in» TwvicJtm'T on mv niv-Keiwes. 'PIrerc ,1 rv few enough pe.ipk> who'll cvor want t Th.' talk languished. The young mil) did no; retail the ant horimrive tone, \rhile ! eouW n«»l help wuuleriug if Mh? Mnmtvariug w.uild ever .-an eaim the privilege, ami call him by the name of which he sf>oke. My sjiK-ularimw lady were partly pcit'siied next morning by l-'Ted Williar. who. b s. lin <1 made RerCHiMiiwl's acquaintance at ri.»\\-er He r«»hJ mc it was she who had ivs'onj- inciuhM rhoy fnxpteutly met her now. site was v Wring om,» eonKin at a ncigh- Iwmrhig pla>e. Wiiertar VVed ai all Kiv?|vs-ti»'l his father"? :vdm;r;ui«m of the y..uug Ia I imagim1 not. for Frcl wan a pkn'n- .rsjKikim y«utb. and diuibtless would have metirionl it sine he kne v I had turn Mir Ma in waring at Bump jr. I !kwil the young H>krier. l'./ed. ihe bvn of all WtilianV? ?«hts. He remittd«d me vf wli.11 his father »vas ;rt India, athl away from liis c.n- ciimbnuic. though Fred ownd n re- markahle amoiim of M11IT cji ndour in L'rea imttnfd to WfDwrd? m«rnu1 rcri- Dt;.ring the uoxt few day wc saw MS Maiitwnrlng and hm c«»usin« many They o-juu- to nmnls at 'y '"ottrt. and ivr w the imcio'K nn»rve. when the voting l.-nlt'Yi rntte /up ami jo«ned u. nosunntnd Kocmcd more bcwitdringly pretty rha-»i over, hm I emtfit \Yil- Ivstiin-i.vnr wrili her puzy.UM inc. \ii< pven'o and qtrici swiwd re m- ctutniTe fhenwlres 111 her pnvsoitco. though 1 iioriccsl hr Htill took a great ; a delight in wnTcbmg hm bright pr- s-»;i.ibty and gay Tittle ways .as of old. and rival once hi« ftuv ligib»d iqt with ! i\ r.tiPfl.TU loni; of pksiuure wbieh wa? pvirivcly tavbh when came round i»y hint and rva mined his gun. IVhli iter ?»rrl«» g.-nintietiHl htuids hold- :,»g rh" st.>»k. ami her lin.lf serious, half inlsebievons eye-: nieering hi? wholly grave, oarmvt on<-. she nuulndtd him of the "leopard incident, ' and "bow yon n:iv«mI my life." "Not yrmm. Mk?s Main waring, only 1 poor wreteii <»f a syce's. 1 ucver had rite tappiuu to do en mneh for you. You won r«>« grateful, iliat tv:m All. Yon tiwdc ioo tmic.h of- — Ah. Miws Mainwaring. it %\ap 1 who owed some- I'Uhtg Unit day t<» you." 1 hardly caught the words, but I saw .hi? ghuiee Ifngrtr in iters. Rlic ktajghed uiiiviKUy. and lei her long IukIics droop to hide her cy "And tlta gun-— Is tt the samo sort ? Sitow yours to me. too. plea.w !" She runted -awwy with a «ort of petulance Msvnivis Fnpil. IMUlIaavl leanf hack on , his elbow. \'c wore picnicking on a bask under the lne of a not. oopr. He too k hhs enp off. and tbrtvfi bock baa thick dark h:ur from off his foraho&d;, and 1 Uc did not ctrec. look at Rosa mund Mahnvitriug aflMu. Nma «m« jos eanoEStg-noom floor au ixmost any- break, atid niore than one a strong teuipm'ticni caino over nie u. get up and go doini to bim. to toll bin he was a fool to thus herd rate, and assure hirn that, tihat haaidsome face of his, bin spksidid pbytdque. shdd vritt a way for ltiui In a. femtti'uc luart a gr«nt deal more difficrilc than u at of M!«? Ro».93miind Mabiwnrhig. It was xv oil enough. Umtgh. to think out such Hn>ng|its to T.h"h l«»gi<-:il coti- cliwi-m in my Kolfiu.ie. it was anorhor in-irtw to appr«xirb irich thoni :i 111:1-71 like Otto YYlDkinl. I r.mftcm 1 beg, 11 1o retard b'm ns ra'.Iwr a fool toad as no thl. and even I tow M. h:< never licen ftivfai'Mrily clou roil t:p for tno wlterjicr I wsn-'niply doubt of Ills power to v:i the girl in the f:K'0 of some obsrachv or wlieihor ir w:ik rlie Mtsjt-h-lon t»r 1 some; liin-r graver, niorv wit«K still, which h«'M him tack from her. F»r myself 1 ucvi'i tad had 'the least <1«»ibt of R«»sti- nuiud's willingnesv! to arrcit him until one Sundoy— I recoiled, it. was tiie second Sunday of iny sl:.y at Grey Court. I wa strolling !m the Fir lYnlk. which oofnuccflpd AY.illiaTd'»5 pl:UN? ami tha't of RHiMamund't? un sight, of the unmistakable forms of the young lady and Frwl >Villhi.rd sifting together after 11 fashion that was un equivocally lover-Tike. Tlbe tnrtli flashed on me in an instant. I realised liow blind 1 hud been. J re coiled a "sire of eirenmsra irnv) ~~roboraie my wndden fear. I went back ro tlie house, for Fred and lii oomrwiitoii -had Iwaii much tiio eT>gros®jed in thir own <»oict.y to notfeo me. taarhig uinh nie a very Iki vv henri: indiwl for jhwu- M'jllia nl. and nailing the -two young people I left be hind me .in the Fir Walk rather gra tuitously a eouple of selfish fo«ta. A few night after my discovery in the Fir T'alk young Hero and I were leaning oirr over the balcony of the billiard-room, when we were aware sud denly that Fred and Kosamuml were talking together 1 n the garden below. I ivaTdly realised >vh;u rhey -were say ing till <")ito ehwrved, with more aecuwuy than obvanoo, thai "Old Fivd was awfully gone <>n Uoic Mainwar- ing." and 1ihon their remarks axraiigml tlmm-selvcs into s>oijic son of sequeiiee in my ears. " It's so eay to go to a man like y«ur fathev. Fred. young—1 he'll sympathise :iud sny ' yes' iu a 1110100111 Fiu siitp. Ir can't be so long ago srfico felt like wp do himself, you know.' Miss Rcsannind was stiyjng, and Then Fred answered her : " Y bh«h»gw. my kivbng. I ran Tell you ! It's not 0 m-niy days ago I was prc- iHous joahni, of my own father, do yon know ? 1 thought he was nearly as much in Jove with yea a a oviuSii hunihlc . very piwir «hoiv ill the field by the side j of him. Eh. my little girl V" "Oh. Fred, yni «.Mly. willy thing !" And rbe« there followed a rimde of merry laughter as the rwo diwipptared among the shades. I'oung Otto joined t:i ihe laugh quire openly, add ing : "Good old Fred, lie's ran pimd nf himself to make any se«»ret of how That land Pes !" as I made some rqxech iboui liear Their cmivcrsat.iou thus. Alf>ur n week ufte.rwnr'ls. coming down ro dinner in answer to the early gong. I found Fred and -hi« father alone tn the drawing- room. \Srmi:ml had his hand nn the young ff3I«wVam; and was talking to him in I lis na rurally deep-toiwd. quiei voiire, hut rhere was a troubled look fn his eyes, vind a nervous, contracted strain ataut the eyohrows and moutli. which 1 had never reen before, and which I'red aiquiramly did not observe. Guessing vhe subject of ilieir talk. I was rbv»v.iig tiUc dou again, with a view to iH\itiug a hasty retreat, when Wil liard called to me : " Dun't go. Jonc. Vou ouglu to lie otto of the firsi to Jic;\r rlic pews. " Tlta firilow. lnred. is— imgaged— going to mniTy — Miss Main waring." and rhcu he ;i<1di«l. clasping and un clasping .liis fingers round n lirtle W!.nnirte <«i tthc nmurelKlielf as he 'spoke. "I tave done so little all their 1 Hves for tart of mine. Jones, ft a sort «f duty ro make alius b>y haiqiy now. He's n trifle young for rr to be sure, but " " You young y under the same ritvimistswioes." Frcl blundcro!. " I iras young once myself. Wil liard said. " ,-n ml I supiK>?4 now I am learning wlrai it means ra b»i old." TJie won!? H)f ivjugra mlation 1 uttered must tr.ivv i v:\id n very trite, unnd so>und. ;uid I tonally f lvplhd ro thcni. At the time I felr j coiiijdcicly shhhhv by this crude in- ; tcrpretn'rion of M'tlTianl's recetn Idiict. annl irritnsl beyond iik'asnirc at j F fi«v nwidc mi bis brtuilf. I stood, and sua lwl ;u the father rM\d son. bmking. I have no doubt, ati alwoluce foil, a I uTtrtvd my incoherent iongraffuhi- i:i««js. It w.as a welcome relief to all of 11s ivhim rhr dinner gong lioomcd >irr again. I Iviifluy and made my nrhid up all thati. evctslug. and when the houwidiold had retired I went Imbllv. and Ixrmlel Wj-HiaM iu .his smoking- room. I knew, of course. I was wivks let Ta'be— yet, 1 felt, for once 1 must speak my mind rait. ! tJxmgJu WilliflTd loiiked more like an old uiain than I tad ever seen him :i« I oiuynyl the door, and found him sirring by 'rijr raWo. his hand m-rass rhe iiock he was not aTtenujiring to ivad. aud Irs hautue Paw shadowed l»y the green srhado of the lamp. Be Vvikel up, aiid raised hi? eye- l>row? -cluai'ly ho tad no jiarcicu'jav d«drr» for my socictj. 1 lighied a pipe, and pinoked n niiuuie in sijeneo. " Will lard." J said Hieii. " wb;n in the Wi'ld i? the meaning of till? eugfigomeai of Fred V What ura vou tbiukiug of ? It's absurd, totally absurd." 1 looked at him, and he met my ere? steadily, and knew ; perfcetly what it whs they implied. At last Williard stood, up and lean; ' his shoulder against vbo. bronze -on the j ttiHuretahelf. He half closed his eyes. ' and smiled. 1 " I don't think I should hare asked | you hero. Jowos. old bian. if I had known how things wmfld end. It's a strange ending. 101! knows." ! lie walked u» aud and iheij by- and-by went 011 in a more uatural tone : j "Jutjt consider. .Tone.) tny friend, the sort of parent 1 have peen contented to be to those boys, niey've never had a soul to love ihtm aiiice their mother died. 1 owe a' good deal to them. t "But why do we taH| of it? Yon tueau well, Jones, but a man can get on best without talking sometimes. Too donk uiind leaving me to myself, do you ? Good-night. I iwpe they make you comfortable here— see after you, and all that sort of thins" He gave me bis hnd,l and I -went away, not in the. least offended at my dismissal, only sick .it hpart, aiulfuv- J ious with ajj the world exctrpfing him. From that night WilliaM buried his faelicgs very succoasfullyl He was a U($te ut eteraejjawuAk Otherwise -there was so cbafigo for any- one to notice. I was tue only one who was net abso lutely jisranisin»ri when. ?ojn«»wlicre about tlii rime, he auimuneed his in- trntbm »f cu:;lng short bis leave by a couple of mouths. I am raid he made Ills will and serrJpmenrs. which set ; everything fitraigiu and comfortable for the young people, though ) believed Fred con sidered 1 he »ehires. and admonitions he wtis also made the recipient of. very siiperfiuoUK talk, and Rosamund felt herself defrauded «.f her jtMst dues siineo her funire farbpr-in-law nt parting never bestowed upon her the paternal kiss of h»»criicthiu ?hc clearly had a. right to expect. Williard made some heart supremely happy, these slioneoining? notwith standing. and he never shadowed any one's existence hi the knowledge of bis «»wn sacrifice. lie went hack to Ufa work In his quiet characteristic way : only ilm Bnr- rapur people wrote home reproachfully to ask what we had been doing to the collector, to semi him back to them an old man. Williard never wrote mtieli to me. He jfnd I knew too much about each orher to venture henceforth to be very omnium) icntive. Thing? have changed with all of its, and reading my "Time" rhi? evening I came across a paragraph announc ing the death of Fir Otto Treniflino Williard. K.F.S.J. He bad received honour and decoration? and many r»- eognition? of his merit since the old Burrapur day?. Ftiii. I say it as one sneaking wirli aurhorltr. B'illiard wa? a braver, truer-hearted man than nrast men realised. Thar paragraph, stating so briefly low lie lived and haw now he has died. Ha awakened these memories. 