. Tluk-J^iVytt^lerl ' j THE FORTUNES OF STELUl. (Qpntinuti, frpp ,pt&nqfay;'&;iir,te.) Whata.fi extriiordiiiarygirl ('said Eustace. «4Sbe^lHjbi«nttfpUiiBn,.t shc'?Mi - -V- . *l I nei'lersav.^er.' :!. Eustace eppke^oldl^ hp. was. thinking jof other 'things; - 'Vt ^ ? '] 44 Never saw Jier? ' . Good heavens 1 A. dark' creature, slight and tall, with eyes that look into yourlieaT^j ond^reod jrgur gecrets, and lips that smile scorn -?n the world , and its ways. ohl Stella— Slehal' . ' 'It'e a pretty :-narap,' eaid EuBtace, cafe*. lessiy. t* I have searched for her/' said the baronet 4,£y.land and by sea. I have dreamed —dreamed — dreamed ot her. Once, in an old French town, I saw. her face, at a-window— -I am positive of it. I paid one hundred pounds to the mistress of the mansion to let me, search it ifrom floor.to ceiling. It was a girls' school. Well, she was not there. Sometimes I have fancied that ;ehe was deadj and that it was her ghost I s «w.' i Eustace 'smiled.1 44 1 don't believe in ghosts,' 6aid he. -( I wish I did not.*' The baronet spoke in a deep hoarse voice, lull ot a strange, wild pathos. 41 See what a life I load,' he added, breaking into a desperate sort of latiph — 44 I who used to give up my time to field'sports, and. spend ' my life on borsebuck. Now I am a dweller in cities, peering into every woman's -face,' with my heart and / soul burning in my eyeB, and never to see her. I haunt their foreign picture* galleries and I don't care sixpence about ait I go into their Catholic churches, 1 who was brought up in the Protestant faith, and never even liked the high church services, lhat are so much £he fashion now in London. I live .at hotels, and 6peak had' Italian, and worse French. I sit in cafes , sip Absinthe, and play dominoes, I that scorned all house-games, save billiards and hunt -he clipper, or a romp At Christmas. I smoke bad cigars in mean Ger man townB, and drink their odious beer. I have been in Spain, too, watching the peaeants dance the tarantula, and broiling under tho sun on shelterless brcirn wastes. Oh 1 how I longed for ihe cool woods and green fields .ol Trevader ! But no ; I must keep on searching. I must search until I dip.' The hollow eyes of this passion- stricken man gleamed angry fire How thin he had grown how worn— how changed ! What manner of woman could this Stella be who had so com pletely, and against her own will, enslaved tbe heart and soul oE the proud, blutf Welsh gentleman ? Eustace thought of faithless Lizzie Anstiu ttier, and a fellow-feeling draw him kindly to wards Sir Gilbert Owen. 44 How do you know, Sir Gilbert th*t Miss Redruth is abroad ? She may be in London all this time.' Sir Gilbert shook his head. 44 No ; she was seen landing at Dieppe by a friend of mine, who did not know that she had left her home, and was surprised to find her travelling alone ; then, since that, have 1 not Been her at the window in that French town ? Besides all her ins incts led her abroad. She wished to be an arti6t, and travel about atone. She is a free, independent creature, with a masculine coul and a passionless heart ' 44 I would lOTget her,' said Eustace. 44 Tou remember the words in Holy Writ,' said the young baronet, with a faint smile — ' the words full of sweetness and passionate love— iovo of the purest and holiest (bat earth can show - the mother'.-} love ? Can a woman forget her sucking child ? Such has heen. Mothers cold and selfish exist, but they are monsters. More easily could the tendoreet mother forget her son than I forget Stella Red ruth. Tou might have married her Eustace Grayling.' 4' How do I know ?' the young man answered, with a smile. ?' Probably this independent damsel would have turned up her nose ot me.' 44 Such a dainty nose, so sweetly curved at the pretty nostril. Yes, I wi«h she would curl her red lip at ine again , and tell me to my face that I am a fool, or anything else she liked.' 44 Such infatuation t' said Eustace 44 Yes: you cun call it worse— downright, mania— madness— whatever you like 1 She never gave me a loving word nor a fond glance in her life. She told me one tale persistently; * Sir Gilbert, I dislike you ; leave me.' ' 44 Not a coquette, then ?' 44 Oh, no! a woman's rights' damsel; one who wished herself a man, that she might fight the world without anybody having a right to comment on unladylikemanners, yet a thorough bred gentlewoman to the backbone, dainty in her dress, n at to perfection— pure, in short, as tbe bloom on her young cheek testified. Ah 1 1 have written poetry since I lost her—I, that was a fox-hunting, roaring Equire, and my verses were bought by a first class magazine aod inserted ; and a fellow wrote and puffed them up; said they had the true ring ; hoped to welcome me Hgain on the field of letters Bad he only known! There was 1, a fool, only Stella in spirit looked over my shoulder and guided my pen.' More the love-sick baronet would have said ; but Eustace grew somewhat impatient. He was fui! of anxioas thoughts. The mystery of his own fortunes was so inexplicable. He therefore wrung the baronet's hand, and soon escaped from the glitter and music of Sir Hal berd's reception. One thing was clear: he must regain pos session of the portrait, and he must write to the Indian Nabob, and he must consult a lawyer before accepting Lady Redruth's offer of one thousand pounds. Greater n suits than he dreamed of must hang on the possession of the picturo. CHAPTER XXXIV. 44 HOTEL FLOBIAN.' Early the nest day Eustace set out for the ruined villa known as the * Hotel Florian.' The young artist choose his costume carefully —more carefully than he hart chosen his fashion able evening-dress for Sir Halberd's ball. He wore a blue blouse of the finest holland, a large straw hat, white knickerbockeos and stock ings, perfectly-fitting boots. It was & dress that made a graceful youth look distinguished, almost princely, whereas a com mon-place young man- would have appeared vulgar in tbe same. Eustace hired a carriage, and desired to be driven to the 44 Hotel Florian.' He did not know the road, and hisobject now was to-gain an interview with Bandulia an soon as possible. The spring was brightening into the golden summer of the south. On each side were vine yards, where the grapes were growing purpler day by day. Before him rose hills, blue as the azure heavens, against which their outlines were faintly defined. ' There was a breeze loaded with odours from the countless flowers, which spread like a many-coloured carpet in the plain b-low the vineyards- Here and there, sheltered among chestnut and mulberry groves, rose a white villa, the country house of some Roman citizen. Eustace, leaning back among the cushions, gave himself op the languid yet delicious en joyment of the breeze, the brightness, the beauty of the duy. # ' Home lay behind— Borne, the city of the dead language and the fallen lions; Borne — the Rome of Antony and the Cffisars— the Borne of the | middle ages and the saints— the Rome of 1 Michael Ange o, and the master-spirits of the j world of art. And the young man thought not , of Rome on that blue and golden day, but of a j mysterious fortune and a dark-eyed Spaniard; j and then behold, the carriage was travelling a j lonely road between hare hills, and ^Eustace j aroused and asked for 44 Hotel Florian. * | 44 It lies, signor, io the little verdant valley ; - beyond it isaTui^, but beautiful, as the sign or j will see for himself.' v I And presently they enter the valley. Chest nut trees are shedding their bloom, mulberries , are purpling on the great trees ; there are proves and gardens and a fountain, a turf blazing with blue, and rose, and purple wild flowers, and a ruined villa of yellow marble, with a .lawn in front and a chestnut wood behind. ? H 4 Hotel florian/ ' said the coachman. JEuataoe'descended_ and paid'ihe driver,' then* .? went ontowaTdfl'tbehoase.^f -i A hedge of rhododendron surrounded Jit: ; there -wa? a lUUe ;rwiokct-gatej jtlje ^atphxSnf ; which the In^uder^or , wsJtor^&Ued;,':abd ? presently lie was crossing thelawn; * -1 - - The portion of the house.yhicb .faa^^ior was in^afdins, -Wlhdowless, 'wHlr' jbrofceb1 columns aindateps. ? , '? : He went found; r there Were~ windo wsopen, ?- and the tound^l* voices And laughter. ,4Iam contentf'^said a. voioe, *(I desire only to follnw after that whiab' is right* I do not seek my own i ame . hut to render a true Ber* vice to art.'. : ? m/ { -: 44 Tou do not seok your own, beautifulBan -3ulia?.fitjd if oot, you are, ezcusQ.me,ja fool. Every artist mustoarve out'hisown fortune, or! die miserably at the last ' . -: 'I aru not «mhitibuR for myself '' said -the clear, yo ne voice, which somehow sounded in' the ears of Eustace like the 6weetest music. 44 For whom, the«- ?' 44 For art, ray friend. I wish only the true and beautiful to be reverenced. Nb false gods worshipped, no glaring taste and jrulgar clever ness held up tor the people to: adorer I wish the people— my own country people —to become refined.' . 'Your oum country people, mademoiselle? Spain is your country — is it jiot.?'! -. 41 Yes,' she answered, with a sad little laugh — ' yes, 3pain.' Eustace came forward and stobd before the open window. A large room, the waIIs of polished marble, white, with streaks of rose tinting, -two easels, two artists art work -an old Englishman, with white hAir*and beard, and Bandulia. The young lady wore white, a perfectly-fitting dress of fine mulled muslin, a rose twisted in her splendid black hair, not anothersingleorna ment, a little frill round the white throat, and tiny frills at the slender wrists; the figure, go dainty and so distinguished, slightly bent, the dark eyes fixed on tho easel, the whole artistic soul absorbed Neither the old gentleman nor the young lady saw or hear J. Eustace. He called out, 44 Good morning, mademoiselle,' took off his hat and bowed his head. Bandulia looked up. Instantly her whole face glowed like the breaking of an Eng i?h summer morning, or the heart of an English June rose ; and at that momcit Eustace feltihat if he had a kingdom and a crown he could gladly fling them at the feet of this Spaniard. She came to the window smiling. I 4 We are delighted to welcome you, to our , ruin, monsieur. I speak not only for myself, but for my friends. Come round; there is a door. To-day I will fiing pencil and brush aside to do you honour.' The cords uf love tightened about theiieart of Eustace. When he entered the 4 Hotel Florian,' he felt that this Spanish girl could lead him round the world with a smite and a gesture of her pmall white hand ; and then his heart sank, lor had he not given his heart and his strong man's love once beforo, to be trampled on by a soul less jade? And this Spaniard, whowaBshe — what was she ? A bandit's bride, a thief, a mystery : an escaped nun, an enchanting i Bohemian? What was she, and was it pos- j sinle that she would over be more to him than : she was now ? ' He entered the houee, and Bandulia led him into a room where an elderly lady, with white hair, wai placing plates and cups and knives upon a table covered with a fine white cloth. The floor of this room was of marblo, and Indiin matting was laid down in the centre. A few light cane chairs, a small black sideboard and the table completed the inventory of the furniture. The old lady wore a queer plaid dress of a large pattern, an-1 her cap was awry. One glance told of her f nationality;;;^Englisli to the backbone, with gray eyes, -and square bro w^aridjpleMatit ^imle. . : - .,4.Madame 'Scott, thio ls ^ fellow-artist, Mr 1 Grayling— English, ^nd JieHiai follo^ed mn nt \i the risk of being taken ?' up by / the police — f -il - ; i lowed me sblely&nd; wholly .because he covets . 1 my .head as a model; . eo I have made', his - ' acquaintance, Mid invited him here, and'he is , 1 going to jjaintme.' ' =? ' . - 41 You must be hungry,' said Madame Scott ; i and Eustace said he was. ' 41 I must tell you,' said Bandulia, 'that, ' Monsieur Scott is-aTtarfcist, whobe jicquaintanee . I made in -a ^pictare^gallery. He' invited ine . horae and introduced me to madanie his wife, and we three agreed to pass the summerlhere at the ' JSotel Florian.' . I rogard these frienda in i the light of parents.' ' ; Eustace longed to ask Bandutia of her- hus- band. Was she really married? If so, what did. - a married woman want with adopted parentis ? Coffee, fruit, delicious butter, French -rolls, omelette, and s cold fowl —behold the breakfast, or lunch, prepared by Mrs, *cott. Bandulia ran out, and came back, leaning on the arm of the pld artist. - She introduced 'him with a charming frank-: ness to Eustaoe, ? and tho four sat down to the table. Eustace never enjoyed - any repast in his life as he enjoyed that breakfast at the 41 Hotel Florian.' After breakfast, Bundulia said : 'Tou must come to my own studio, and I must oostume for you.' So together they mounted an enormously, wide and interminable staircase. I: seemed to J£ustace as if the end w.rjld never be reached. Ahead of him was Bandulia. How and then she glanced down at him, aliglvt, half sad, half-rougish, gleaming in her dark ' eyes. | \- CHAPTER XXXV. j BANDULIA' S STUDIO. ' Eustace followed, and tbe Spanish artist led - on. At. last a wide marble-floored landing-place i was reached, and Bandulia turned round and ' faced young Grayling with a smile. 41 It has been quite a long journey. These villas of the ancient gods are vast. See how broken the balustrade is, and jet every bit that remains is a geng of artistic workmanship ; gods andgodesses, hewn and chiBelled out of -marble, accompany us all the way. See that Flora with hroken arm ; the other hand grasps a wonder fully beautiful boquet of flowers. It is a master- . piece, that balustrade.' 11 To say the truth, I have not noticed it at all. I have been too much engaged in following yoa. I came here to Bee you, to talk to you\ to paint your face, tc make your likeness embody my secret aspirations and: strivings after excel lence, and I have given no thought to marble goddesses, believe me.' There was a tremulous passion in the young man's voice. Bandulia smiled, and Eustace fancied that the smile was a cruel one. *4 Like all women,' thought he, bitterly, 44 she rejoices to find that she has- a toy to break, a human male heart ; that is the fiendi&h; pastime of all these creatures, falsely called gentle. She shall never guess how completely ehe is enthralling me, leading my whole soul captive.' 41 It is flattering to me, monsieur, to think that you consider my poor face worth paint ing.' ' Your poor faceJ You know well that your face is a wonderful one.' She fiusbed again moro brightly, more beauti fully than she had when first seeing him below in the studio of the old English artist. 44 1 suppose it is unlike the pretty faces of other women?' '* Quite unlike,' he said, eagerly. j She curled, her lip -BCorntiQUy. ? ' A dark face ;with a *&aBCUline; inking iutof the eyc«? .; Nothing ot the mi'd, angelie, traditional woman pt the paet'oenturies?, . The '? jreataj^allfl^tness and meBkness, and bllnl submission toi^igdBt maleiiile? the dove-eyed ? type ot the poets,. lajrfed i n verse, and trampfed an at .home,? , Hdthing, my ^good . Bir, of Jhajt | low- voiced perlootiopj/.wliose mission it .le to j tadure , to eubmit, to cook, to .eew,.to econo- j mise, to receiyB ^atienfly alV the ill-terriper of j the lord and maste|: ( wHen ihe outer world' bus j vexed him,, and he eomes homejto make his 1 wife weep «nd ^remble ? / J have read youir English Review ot the. Saturday, monsieur.' *' .Saturday Review,' said Eustace, correcting her foreign putting of the words together. : 44 Well, monsieur, Saturday ?Hevieio% and there I find bitter expletives directed against the extravagant, sslfish, loud-voiced pleasureseek ing Englishwoman ot to day. la^t *ll true ?' :? 'Oil! no -at least, I suppose w'e have still some hunlreds. of. 'young ladies of the good old type amongst us.' ' . N-- Is it a good type t' 4* It is the ideal of most Englishmen.' 44 Yours aniongstthe rest ?' He nodded in assisnt. 44 She shall not know how her eyes of fire have soorched my heart, heated my blood dazzled ' my ' reason into blindness. No ; I could live with her in a cave, or in a palace, or in a dingy London back street; and though she never saw that my chops 'were cooked; or my . eooks mended. I ehould be . fool enough to be happy with her if ehe spoke kindly to me onoe or twice a day.; hut; she shall never know that I see now how bitterly she mocks ine in her heart.' Lizzie Anstruther had shaken his faith in Wmen. 44 1 hope you will find your b\ue-eyoA xnoek nesB all you desire.' And why blue-eyed, mademoiselle ?' She looked at him, he fancied, contemptu ously. 44 Are not most meek women fair ?' 44 1 do not know. There was a blae-eyed woman whom I loved, whose heart was cold as the bosom of this marble goddess.' She laughed. 44 Well, cheer up : lhat was one among tho million. There are hundreds of meek, fair haired damsels, who would gladly submit to your whims for the honour of calling you lord and master.' 44 Ah I doubtless,' he said, carelessly. Bandulia said to herself : 44 Handsome, conceited fellow 1 Come on, monsieur,' she said, suddenly, throwing open a door. ' This is my work- room.' ? He entered a large, marble-floored apartment. A steady north light came through the window, whioh had been lately glazed and put in order— a green curtain flung before it. There were three easels; numbers of canvasnes against the walls, standing on the ground, and arranged in separate parcelB, as it were ; there were a few chairs, with red cushions, and a small, red, faded couch or sofa. There was a table in o:ie corner, on which were books arranged neatly, and a white vase filled with flowers. In another corner was a small piano in Bn old walnut wood case, . but bright and polished. Everything in the room beBpoke order and a scrupulous .cleanliness. ( To be continued in Wednesday's issue.) 