IBSEN'S NEW PLAY. A little of the eluslveness which formed the distinctive feature of "The Master-Butlder" makes Itself felt again In Ibsen's latest work, "When We Dead Awaken," a dramatic epilogue In three acts, translated by William Archer, pub- lished and forwarded by W. Helnemann. But "The Master-Builder" Is Infinitely more vivid than tho new drama, and, though sad In tone, has not the hopeless heart-weariness of the latter. A psychological moment arrives in the lives of the very finest and most original writers when tho pen which delighted their admirers should be laid — tt Is hard to say It — professionally aside. That moment has come to Ibsen. It has come, with but half Ibsen's weltrbt of vears unnn him. to Kipling. For both authors, In their special de partments, wide as may ho their field of vision, work In a grove. And the deepest vein in the richest gold- mine comes to an end at last, either slowly or with perplexing suddenness. There are few characters In "When we Dead Awaken," and these take no firm hold upon us. Professor Rubek, a great sculptor, has bartered away love— tho love of a beautiful model, who, devoting herself passionately to him alone, not only assists him to achieve his masterpiece, but, rather than thwart Ills professional ambition, effaces herself afterwards. She enters lower Bohemia and lives anyhow, not for pleasure, but for bread; never forgetting, beljevlng in nothing. Llko Rubek, who marries, grows rich, restless, and unhappy, lowering his work to suit his public, she "dies," as sho calls It— dies to all the quick ening Influences of the spirit. Mala Rubek, the wifo, is of another fibre. Sho has no sympathy with Rubek's art, but longs for life, adventure, travel, all of which she gains eventually, with Ulfhoim, landed proprietor and bear-hunter among the mountains. Tho "awakening" of Irene, the sometime model, whose second husband has left her (In a 'state of mental hysteria bordering on madness, which Is finely suggested) to the charge of a ghost-like nun— and of Rubek, Is a sadden ing kind of thing. Indeed, tho truo awakening can only come, up among the mountain snows — with death. Tho deliberate choice once made In youth — wholesome Impulse crushed for social gain — only tho heights of another life can nul lify It. — One is1 grateful for the gleam of bright ness, almost hope, among the peaks— tho shining . peaks that Ibsen loves. "Death will purify all. | j Wo must first pass through the mists, Irene, and then " (Irene) "Yes, through all the mists, and then right up to tho summit of the tower that 6hinos In the sunrise." 