Epitope of flews. , The Full Court has struck two more' attorneys off the roll. Tfye British captured five Krupp euns from the Boers under De Wet fkt Rensburg Drift. The Woman's Suffrage Bill was in troduced and read a first time in the Legislative Assembly last Friday. Three weirs have been put in the Billabong Creek, Parkes, by the party oi unemployed senty lip for the pur pose. . It js, understood .that ithe; rewards, .offered for the;capture of Jimmy and Joe Governor, dead or jalive, will be distributed, almost immediately. Mr. 'John Wilkinson and his brother, - Mr. George Wilkinson, will receive £6500 .each for the capture of Joe Governor, &iid; £61000 will be divided between , Messrs. J: Wallace, J. W. M'Pherson, T. Moore, senr., T. Moore,' junr., W. Moore, F. Moore, A. Cameron, and T. Green in - connection with Jimmyfs capture. It is expected' that a, special jgrant will be made in the case o' . Byers, who shot jimmy . Governor iii ihe mouth. " < \ \ " It isn't much to the worm's credit to turn when trod upon ; any old barrell- hoop will do the same thing. The Premier has selected a site in Centennial Park for the swearing-in cereniony, on the advice of the decora tion committee. 'For the month ending 24th October the Forbes butter factory received over 9,800 gallons of milk. Despite the hot dry weather the supply is keeping up. Mr. Wood, Minister for Justice, and other prominent metropolitan visitors to Parkes, in connection with the an nual Oddfellows' demonstration, were enter tained at a; banquet last Friday night. v . Would-be tenant : " I like the house very much, but I hear that it is haunt ed." Landlord (rubbing his hands and smiling) : " My dear madam, I attend to that personally. The ghosts only appear to tenants who do not pay their rieht and refuse to move out." At Parkes on Sunday week hundreds of men were engaged in the search for the missing boy Gray at Wanera, who had been missing since five o'clock on Thursday evening. He was eventually discovered at a point about a mile and a half distant from that where he parted from his brothers and sisters. TO THE DEAF.— A rich , lady, cured v of her Deafness and Noises in the Head by Dr. Nicholson's Artificial. Ear Drums, gave £65000 to. his Insti tute, so that deaf people unable , to procure the Ear Drums may have theln free. Address No. 269D, The i Nicholson Institute, Longcott, Gun- nersbury, London, W. Mr. Reid asked for a Royal Com mission, in the Legislative Assembly last week end, to inquire into the ac tion- of the .Government in regard: to the proposal to\ construct a city rail way at this juncture.; Sir William Lyue strongly repudiated the charges made by Mr. Reid in reference rothe- city railway and the Ashfield election: At the Hillston lands office op 8th instant,1 24,000 acres were made, avail able for homestead selection and nearly 25,000 acres for settlement lease. Of the former area, only 2,928 acres were applied for. It is asserted ,that the doubt as' to getting railway communi cation- in this district, in' the near future has prevented the land from going off. If the railway were assured not an acre would remain iinselected. " Mr. T. Brown, M.L.A.,. has , for warded us some valuable returns re municipalities, issued ! , by Mr. T; A., Coghlan, Government .Statistician .from which we, extract the. .-. followi fig : —Unimproved value of land' : Parkes, £686,440 ; Forbes, £132,409 ; r Conqo- bolin, £45,161 ; Molong, £30699 ; Wellington, £56,399 ; Peak . Hill, £7,394. Annual, value of all prop erty : Parkes, ,£20,460 ; Forbes,. £25, . '665 ; . Condobolin, . .£9,060. ; y Molong, £6,9,10 ; Wellington, :£13,;582\; Peak Hill; £4,340. " \ ' The Ashfield election on Saturday resulted in the return of Mr. Winch- combe by 334 votes over Mr. Watkin, the Government supporter. " Competition is the lifo of trade," but if your competitor advertises and you don'tj you will soon discover that competition is the death of/your trade. In the Legislative Assembly; the Premier said he. could not entertain, a proposal to give free railway, passes to all , candidates for the Federal Parlia ment. Thomas Cullen, who some .time ago accidentally, cut his leg while shearing a sheep at Orange, has been 'obliged to have the limb amputated owing to blood poisoning. ; Mr. Brown, from 'Cockle Creek works, has just been on a visit to Gil- gunnia. He inspected the Dream and the May Day, but whether any busi ness is likely to' tesult is hot known. Notice is given in the Government Gazette- that the rents for the year 1901 of Mineral Leases granted under the Crown -Lands . Occupation -Act of 1861 and under the Mining Act of 1874: fall due on the 30th November instant, and must be paid not later than that date. A competitive examination of ap plicants for the office of pupil teacher at Forbes, Parkes and Peak Hill, will be held in the public school, " Parkes, on the 13th December next. CandL dates, who must not be sunder 14 years of age, nor over 18, require to apply, for the necessary forms not later than the 29th instant. . Owing to the large amount of walk ing entailed in a double delivery of letters around town three days a week, Mr: Gleeson, of the local postal staff, has been compelled to apply for the use of ; a horse.- As a result, the De partment has granted him 12s - per week allowance to keep a horse> should lie provide one. The, progress of the Sydney wool- market during the weekhas been fairly satisfactory: and the level of values has- been well sustained for superior wools with an improving tendency. In faulty; burry, and irregular sorts there is little change and if anything they are more -difficult of sale. Some at tractive lines have been- submitted during the week and the highest prices obtained both in greasy and scbured constitute records' for the season so far.-; Greasy sold to 9d, that price be ing- secured -for a parcel of 4 bales a comoihg e of the Cooyal over Mudgee brand; a fine 'wool; bright and attrac tive,-. and very . light in condition. In' scoured 16 id was obtained for a line of 18 bales second combing of the GF over; Beacorisfield brand, whilst 17 bales second ' clothing of the same mark brought 16£d. This wool was very : well treated at the Ilfracombe works, - Queensland, and showed good quality,. free condition, and good col- pur. The total offerings for the week amounted to 15,2 11 bales and the sales .by-sauction and privately to' 12,595 bales. > Russia announces the annexation of China territory at Tien-tsin, by right of conquest." ,i.- , v - v-. : At the Wellington police court last Friday, Charles Hart was committed for trial on a charge of perjury, aris ing from a recent .case heard at the Small Debts Court, in which accused (Hart) was sued for the sum of £10 odd. A correspondent from Ben a says : — I find it difficult tv> drive my horses with the binder in cutting the hay . this season, as the wheat paddock is full of grasshoppers.; There are thou sands of birds after the pest; The . ibus is here by the thousand, also the martin. I never saw such mobs of eit her before— -the -air is often thick with tliem. Cultivation is a good way \ to destroy the pest, as if their eggs are laid they get disturbed, but the hopper's in ; general pick the hardest ground to deposit their eggs. I think 1 for the coming year,' if favourable to the breeding of grasshoppers, we must expect to have them ten times worse. Perhaps a good wet , season may help to get rid of them. , At the Wyalong police court last week, Hugh Cameron was charged with fraudulently converting to his own use a bicycle belonging to the Massey- Harris Company. From the evidence it appeared that accused, who formerly conducted a newspaper , at Wyalong, entered into an agrees ment to purchase a bicycle frbrn the plaintiff company for £25, and £10 of this -was to be deducted fori 2 months advertisement and the balance paid in instalments of 30s per : month; Only > £2 had been paid; when defendant disposed of the bicycle to a compositor for £12 owing as wages. The Bench considered that the agreement was loosely drawn up, and the evidence disclosed no criminal offence; He dis missed the case. No order was made as to the bicycle. The manager of Borambil, in a pri vate letter to this office, hints that a certain gentleman he names wrote 'two paragraphs that have appeared in' , , our columns ; relative to the proposed Borambil exchange. . We are pleased to set his mind at rest on the matter by stacing ithab t;ie- person named has " nothing to do with this office nor has he ever, written or inspired, one syllable v > about the exchange in our columns. Mr., Whitehead evidently forgets that while he- has to exert his time in look ing after tho interests of a financial company we have to carefully guard those of the public. The , form which the proposed exchange now takes is i not as origimilly proposed, ;and, there- ; < < 'fore, neither: the petitu n that was got. : t up by the townspeople in favor of the river lands being acquired ,and .exir. ... changed for land within the Borambil ; : holding, nor the . action ;o£ the local Council in supporting ijhab proposal, can be held to apply at all to the sub- , stituted one. The town would benefit by the river . frontaged lands being again made available for settlement, ; because they avou Id: afford .places for? ; v small settlersr but where water frpqt- i; ages cannot !hdr' procured 'larger hold- , irigs wiirhave' tp..'be'j)r6Yie(3 to enable 'the holders to' live'. J "L " " " " 