AMUSEMENTS. HJSIt MAJESTY'S.. THEATRE. "FLOKODOUA." Bright nnrl tuneful music, se%eral bits of which are decidedly "catchy," dialogue that In nearly always ' crlnp, and fre quently clever and smart, briskness of action throughout, attractive dancing, a liberal seasoning of genuine fun, little or no plot to trouble nl>out, superb and envy-exciting costumes, and u most cap. tivatlng setting. Such are the principal elements of the charming light ut airy production, "Fiorodora," olllclal.y de scribed us a musitxU comedy, which was presented for the first time In Australia with undoubted success at Her Majesty's Theatre on Satur day evening. The spacious theatre was packed. am| the. .audience np- jKsired to be a' very representative one. Much had been expected; and the fjtct that such a favorable verdict was pro nounced by nil parts of the house seemed to Indicate that expectations were at least realised, If not exceeded. Musical critics may detect faults her.? and there, and other adverse criticism may be levelled at the general eointructl-jn of "Kloroaom," Mil lli.'iv Is no .lenylnn that It Is very entertaining, and possesses a welcome freshness. It is Intended as the C'hrlstma.stide attraction at Her Ma jesty's, and certainly there Is much in It to compensate for the absence at this theatre of a pantomime. "Florodora" Is represented as :t ' perfume-pro<luclng Island of enchanting beauty In the Philip pines. The proprietor Is Cyrus W. ciil- faln, an American, with a daughter and the gossamer thread of plot ' that meanders through 'Hu#-|»|ix«» concerns -the efforts made by Gflfuln' to" \vl#d Dolorc who is nominally a scent-farm girl hut really the owner of the Island, whom On. fain has robbed. How (tilfaln's Huh. schemes are frustrated, how Dolores mar ries the lover she cares for ami how f'll fain pairs off with the fascinating widow who had designs up#m his wealth is all very pleasantly told. j„ lht, nwt ad the delighted audience got a feust of wlor thut certainly diverted atten tion from the music and acting. As soon as the curtain rose there was an suthurst of applause, accompanied with exclamations of admiration at the glori ous beauty of n bit of the coast line of the Island as depicted by Mr j„hn Gor don. In the opening chorus the farm girls or scenl plant harvesters are seen clad In picturesque costumes that harmonise with the surorumlings, ami the melody that Is characteristic of the work commences to attract the audi ence Then comes the landing. In com pany with Glifaln's daughter, of half-u. dozen young English lady frb-nds of hers arrayed hi the height of European fashion. Naturally the six dorks of Gllfaln, attired hi tropical suits, bestow their best attention upon Hu m. and Hie merry-making Is augmented. Then Lady Hoilyrood, the fascinating, frivolous, dashing and designing widow comes on! ami shortly afterwards Professor Tweed lepunch, a travelling phrenologist, who brings with hhn the spirit of fun which he immediately Jets loose. The second scene Is worked out amidst bush scenery, the principal features of which presented are the exterior and in terior of Aberdeen Castle. Here, with the aid of an ancient lord. Impersonated by the uforesald Tweedlepmich and a ghost represented by Lady llollyrood, Gllfoin Is frightened into disgorging to Dolores his Ill-gotten guins and all ends happily. A cordial and almost embarrassing de monstration of welcome was accorded Miss Grace I'alotla. who (luring the live years she has been absent,. has certainly made some strides In her profession. AUIed with her old charm of manner Is mure ease and self confidence. The part of Lady llollyrood suits' her, or rather she suits It. to a nicety. Conscious that her voice is one of small cptnpass she does not made undue demands upon It, but munages to do full justice to the music allotted to her.. Iicr songs, "When 1 Leave Town," Tact," and "I've an Inkling,-1' were of the popular type, which, while catchy and piquant, do not overstrain the voice. She was recalled several times, after each number, and was presented with a stage load of llonil designs. She tins a full share of the smart things in the dialogue, and she says them well, the audience nover miss ing a point. Apart from the good will felt towards her as n former favorite. Miss Palotta merited by her impersona tion of Lady llollyrood the plaudits bestowed upon her. Mr Charles Kennlngham sang splen didly, its usual, anil his uctlng was nil that could he desired in the part of Cap tain Donegal, Lady Ilollyrood's brother, who is courting Glifaln's daughter, lie Interpreted two songs, composed by hhnsclf, "Colleen Oge Asthore," a pretty love ballad, and 'The Men of the Eng lish Guards," a number that proved very popular.. Mr Hugh Ward did well as ' Cyrus Gllpnln, and. Mr Wallace Brownlow as Frank Abcrcord, who ln- herlts a peerage and . loves GUpaln's daughter, wus in good voice, nml other wise gave a good account of himself. Miss Carrie Moore fulfilled all require ments as Dolores, and Miss Maud Chet- wynd was very happily cast as Angela Gllpnln. When It Is stated that Mr George Laurl was Tweed lepunch, the phrenologist, and tliat he was exceed ingly. entertaining nothing more Is ne cessary to Indicate that he -wus a huge success. The numerous other parts were all well sustained,' apd nh adequate description of the beauty and variety of the costumes' would occupy a column or two. Florodora will be repeated every even ing till further notice, and there will be . matinees on Wednesday's commencing on the 13th Inst. 