PEN PORTRAITS OF THE BRITISH SOLDIER. BY THE TIEV. R .T. HARDY. ALA. IL— TOMMY ATKIXS IX BARRACKS. (Chaplain to H.M. Forces; Author of 'How to be Happy though Married,' &e.;) Lefi us enter a barracks and see some thing of the life which the recrnik of whom we have spoken trill live. But will the sentry at the eate allow us to eo in? It will speak well for our respectability if he do not, for sometimes sentries stop those whom they should not stop, because these would be likely to make a Fuss and speak of it, thus gaining them credit for vigilance, while they allow shady-looking characters to pass unchallenged. On one occasion, a sentry belonging to a regiment to which I iwas unknown, objected to my entering bar racks. As I was goinjr to officiate- at Church Parade in the Chapel I told him what the man going to be hanged said to the crowd— 'They can't begin until I come.' Once, on active service, when a sentry said to a medical officer who wished to pass — 'Advance one, and give the couu tersign!' that gentleman was unable to do so, and the sentry did his duty and also relieved a grudge wliieh he cherished for ?some reason against the medico, by keep ing him standing in a bitter night with, a bayonet pointed at his breast. A sentry stopped the carriage of a lady srcnerally well known, but nob to him, which was out of order on the night of a Court ball. The lady put her head out of the window and told the faithful Tommy that she was the wife of a Cabinet; Minister. 'Beg pardon, ma'am,' was the reply, 'but I could not let you pass even if you were the wife of a Presbyterian Mini ster.' 'ONE MAS OXE COT.' If we do get into barracks alone, and are not sent round with a soldier, we can drop into the first barrack-room to which we come and see what it is like. The floor of the room has, of course, no .coverina; if it had this would not last a week. The walls are whitewashed, except here and there where a man has gratified his domes tic tastes by putting; upon the wall near his cot photographs of his relation?. These go.id people are not always decorative, but they nre better than whitewash, arid give a homely look to the room. On three sides are rows of iron cots, which are so made^ that in the daytime they can be put into a small compass by being doubled up. On each cot are placed its 'dog biscuits.*' as soldiers call the brown squares into which their mattresses are divided, and on tke top ? of these the hlankets and sheets. The whole are held together by a strap, to ?which is fastened a tin ticket, bearing the occupant's name and number. Under the cot is a black box for Tommy's patheti rally small amount of private property. Running round the walls are shelves, iron jieg=, holds for rifles. Each man's share of these conveniences is whatever is above or ?behind his cot. One man one cot. or 'dos?,'' is a barrack-room maxim, and lolling on the cot or occupying the cubic space hclongiujr to another is ''bad form.' In the middle of the room there are table and forms on iron supports. These, with mops, brushes, cans, and bowls, which are generally kept in a rpcesa or cupboard, complete the furniture 'of the room. Oh, we forgot the mirror, which generally consists of an inch or two of broken looking-glass. This, and nothing more, to satisfy the vanity of all the occu pants of the room! Barrack-rooms may look bare, but they have never Feemed to me uncomfortable, as I have sat at one of their (rood fires talking to the men. After all, ?tihe main thin?: is that the men in them should be the right sort. They are their best furniture! Two or three years ago dining-rooms were provided. Soldiers did not appreciate these at first, berause two rooms had to be cleaned instead of one. Still, the more abundant, more varied, and better- cooked food whtcli Tommy has now for bi3 breakfast and dinner deserve to have rooms set apart for its consumption. There fire excellent 'ablution and bath rooms in most modern barracks, but the latter are not used as mudh. as they should be. Too often, it is thought enough to wash face, arms, and hands. In one cavalry liarrarks the officers hlavs provided, splendid hot baths for the men, which, they use day and night. THE DAY'S WORK. Reveille sounds at 6.15 a.m.. and earlier in summer, but all soldiers do not think ?with the great Duke of Wellington tihat when you turn in bed it is time to turn oat. Forcible language and othermeans have io be used to extract some of them. When he h'js got hrmself out of bed the first thing Tommy does is to arrange that va cated receptacle with its mattress, sheets, and Blankets in the way they are required to be kept during the day. Then he sweeps the floor under and around his cot, and rushes off to give himself 'a lick and a pro mise^ in tihe nearest washhouse. After this, unless excused for some duty, he will do chest- expanding exercises and 'physical drill' until breakfast comes to allay the ihnnOTr that these- have aroused. At this meal tea is made in sudb quantities that it is not of a high standard. It is boiled probably for a long time, and served in cans, not always we]l-ckaned, that held the soup for yesterday's dhiner. Mugs and bteins are used instead of cups. When the mess funds are adequate ? such extras as liver and bacon, eggs, fish, jam, butter, or dripping are provided, otherwise ''slinn;cre' or 'coffee cutlets'* must suffice. Thishigh s-oundtn? dish consists of bread made to sling down easily by being soaked in tea or eoffee. Breakfast ended, 'spud practice' begins, for all hive to lend a hand at peel ing potatoes for dinner. From 9 to 10 o'clock tT/iere is a recruits' drill, and the other men clean their rooms and their ac coutrements until the bugles call them to the 11 o'clock parade of command ing officer, adjutant, or sergeant major. This lasts about an hour, and when prolonged vexes the souls, or rather stomhehs, of tiirose who punctually atteud to the opening of the canteen at noon— a great event! Jn three-quarters of an hour the most easily recognised bujde call '';roes.' and it seems to say 'Pick them un. pick them up. hot potatoes,' only now adays there is a great- deal more to be 'picked irp by soldiers at dinner than potatoes. The three- quarters of a pound of beef or mutton, which is a man's ration, is lumped ?together in 'boils,' 'bakes.' 'stews,' and '?curries,' and supplemented by vegetables, pies, puddings, jam rolls, and so forth. To ensure that the men pet what John Bull ?pays for an officer visits each dining-room, preceded by a sergeant, who shouts as if he were in an. asylum for the deaf, 'Ten- s'mm! any complaints?'' After dinner is ?over, under the direction, of the orderly man, the tables and plates are washed up. Then the recruits have another parade, but the full-fledged soldier has nothing to do except clean his feathers-4iis straps and accoutrements — unless he is on. guard or ?has some kind of fatijrue dirty. Many lie down and wake up at 4 o'clock for tea. tSokliers seldom go out in -the afternoons. They prowl about in the evenings, not be cause their deeds are more evil than those of other people, but becanse places of amusement are then open, and their friends in other barracks or amongst civilians aae more at leisure. AT PLAT. Bui -many men do not go out of barracks at all, often for a considerable time. In thi3 number are the 'aibsent-nrinded beg pars' who spend .their ipay the day they get it, or who, by reason of their evil or careless doings, have been put under,, stop pages. Then there are those who are con lined to barracks as a punishment, and who have to answer their name every hour ?when the defaulters' bugle sounds. A few lwve hobbies with, which they employ theni sclvc?. or they work m the school for a first-class certificate; and, perhaps, there is an occasional one who, wisely fearing the terrible temptations of a garrison, town, feel.* that he ie safer in barracks. At half past 0 bugles-sound first post of tattoo, and crderly-sergeants call the roll of their com panies and warn the-men- for guard, picquet, or fatigue duty next- day. Any man. who does not^-a3i3irerlus~name--betweea.firstand second post (10 -o'clock) is, unless he has a pass, reported absent. A- quarter- of an lour later 'Lights out' sounds, and a day in barracks is ended. A well-known gene ral, under whom I served, thought that sol diers should' do eight hours a day work. He forgot that in wartime they often did more.. We have read of our men marching and fighting continuously in bouth. Africa tor twice eight hours. He forgot, too, that Tommv's pay is nearer eightpenee than eight shilling's a day. Then the mounted man has, of course, far move to do than the infantry soldier, whose daily routine has been described. TOMMV'S DRAWBACKS. Soldiers have often to work when civi lians sleep, and think themselves very lucky if they get four nights in heti without hav ing to go on guard. A man is. on guard for twenty-four hours, during which time he is two* hours on sentry and four hours off. The former duty at many posts is monotonous enough during the day, but it is really horrible on a cold, wet, dark night, at a lonely post, with no company except the sentry's thoughts and aa occasional ghost! Nor are the four hours off, which are spent in the guartf-room, much more agreeable. ? Clothes and accoutrements can not be removed, for at any time the sum mons may come loi' me guard to turn out, and it has to be obeyed without a moment/; delay. And the guard-room bed is not one of roses, but, the soft side of a deal board. Our soldiers are not considered to have enough walking exercise on sentry-go, and therefore route-marching is practised twice a week during the winter. Tommy hates this almost as much as he does coalcarry ing fatigue; but it is necessary, for ability to march quickly and far is even more im nortant for soldiers than eood shootinc ca pacity. It tney get to uie enemy tney can lerhaps frighten them if tney do not kill hem, but if they do not- come up to them hey can do neither, Much attention has een given in late years to shooting with he result that our soldiers can now shoot s straight as any others, the Boers being . possible exception, fa tSie former war nth the Boers things were very different, lost of the British rifles found after tlie -attle of Majuba had their long - range ights up. showing that cur men kepi blaz ng over the heads of the Boers, when the atter had come to close quarters. ? ILLOGICAL TOMMY. At Pembroke Camp, Malta, I was amused t the way some soldiers took a question I mt. I was standing with them, looking at loving targets representing men being tired t, and I asked, 'What would you take to tand where those targets are for five mi utes?' They started and said— 'Not £500 r £1,000, sir.' 'But.' I replied— 'One lay you may have to do this for Is.' It eems to me that it would pay the country o give almost any money to men ivho coultl lit any person or anything. A man would ie worth not merely £1,000 a year, but his ceight in gold, if He could! briny a war to . speedier conclusion by picking off all the ;cnerals on the other side. In order to ►ractise soldiers in the kind of work iney rould have to do on active sen-ice, each ompany of infantry or squadron of cavalry s struck off all duties for a fortnight or hree weeks, and is instructed in such mat ers as the digging of trenches and field ritcbens, the pitching and striking of tents. he building of bridges, the packing of miles, the elements of fortification, and so in. The summing-up and completion, so o say. of route-marching, field-training, pring drills, and the other work of our soi liers are the manoeuvres, which take place rhen the Government think they can afford hem, generally in August. 