Theatre Royal. Mb. Sr. John's New Company. ' The Theatre Boyul on Saturday night was orowded in tho popular parts and comfortably filled in -tlio dress circle. The standard of the entertainments provided by tho Boynl Bur lesque and Specialty Company has been well maintained by new artists, who appeared for- the first time ou Saturday night. -The first part, "YnohtiUg," went with good swing,, and almost all tlio numbers wore encored. Selections from 1 the "Geisha" .wore utilised us un ovorturo, nnd successfully given. Miss Adelina Pulraer received a warm welcome on making hor first appearance. Sho sang tho song " Mother of the Girl I Love," and recoived a well-deserved recall. . Miss ' Malvena Moore, in her serio comic song and dance, " If You Want to- Como In," sang woll and danced vivnoiously. Mies Moliio Bontlov sang tho Bong "My Mothor was a Laay," and in response to many calls she gave tho now well known coon Bong, "Dixie." Miss Daisy Chard was ex ceedingly bright in her speoiality, "Honolulu Queen." Mr. Tom Edwards was recalled for his end song, "Kainbow Bond as was Mr. Will Jones for liis rondoring of tho bass solo, "Asleep in tbe Deep." Mr. Blutoh Jones produced muoh laughter in his song, "Ma Maori Girl," and throughout tho evening kept the fun going. Hie facial contortions ana tho earnestness whioh ho displays oven in the funniest parts serve this comedian well. Tho now tonor (Mr. Milford Haven) comes to Brisbano after a very successful season with Mr. Harry Riokards'B companies. He pos sesses a sweot voico and deservedly secured a recall for hia singing of " Mary of Argylo." Tho Becond part was opened by Dante, the « i wonder worker, ' ' who continued to mystify ' . .- V' tho audicnco with bis.mogio. Miss Connie Melnotte made a successful first appearance in the serio-comic specialties " My Sistor," and "Tho Allright Boys." Sho was encored, and added another song. Noxt onmo tho Happy St. Georges. Those artists como direct from New Zealand, and their appear- anoowith the company certainly oddaBtrongth to it. The performance on various musical instruments was exceedingly, clover, and their byplay and chatter entertaining. Thoy received a very warm token of approval, nt tho conclusion of thoir turn. Miss Hand Fan ning was another artist who made hor first appearance with this company, but who was a favourite in the J. F. .Sheri dan company. Her coon speoiality and buck danco wero produotivo of an nncoro, and the turn wns repeated. Mr. Bort Bradley gained an oncoro for his songs "The Soldier's Toast" and "Thoro's Something in the English After All." Tho Sistors Faust, a trio of aorobatio dancors, wcro Warmly welcomed. They performed many graceful dances, mingled with aorobatio feats, and fnlly justified the rounds ,of applauso bestowed upon thorn. Mr. George Bentloy, an eccentrio comedian, was very amusing in his threo songs, "Have a Bit of Mine," "Another Littlo Joke," and "Ha Conscience," and ho ie hound to become popular with Theatre . Boyal audiences. The entertainment was brought to a conclu sion by a farce, " Tlio Ghost in tho Pawn shop," in whioh Messrs. Bert Bradley, "Will Jones, und Blutoh Jones took. part. Tho antics of the lastnamed produced roars of laughter, and mado a, fitting end to a very bright programmo. 