/ LADIES' GOSSIP, ioars are a certain beauty destroyer, and bring wrinkles to the face sooner than anything else. Women who weep on all and every occasion lose their good looks very early. A smiling face and a cheorful temper are the best preserva tions of beauty in tho world. One of the newest, as well as the most successful, cures for obesity, is that of limiting the patient to one article of diet. It seems not to. matter muoh what that may be, for tho virtue of tho method is that.os/one soon tires of any single article of food, by limiting the patient to it, one may be quite sure that the appetito will soon decline, and that only enough, food will be taken to ward off tho pangs of starvation, Thus the surplus material is drawn upon to busc tain life, and tho weight of the patient rapidly diminishes. ' In sea-bathing always uso your own bathing dress and towels, as infection and skin diseases may be caught by us ing those which are provided for the public. An oilskin cap should be worn over tho head, and the hair frequently washed in fresh water. The face, also should bo washed in rain water after bathing, and at night a little cold cream may be rubbed in, or elder flower water or cucumber juice dabbed on constantly during the day. If you feel chilly, or tho lips turn blue, the fingers numb, or headache, or langour follows, it i» a sign that bathing does not agree with you, and should be discontinued, Tho latest fashionable craze for white, both in season and out of season, is not at its happiest when applied to brides maid's frocks. The bride and her maid ens (says a writer on fashions) now look -like a flock of Bileut ghosts, or a flock nf pigeons as they walk up the aisle of some dim old parish church, and for one mo ment, one is perfectly bewildered with them, taking them for brides all going to undergo the ordeal of marriage at the same moment. It is most fashionably correct, no doubt, of the bride to, have liar viiniriniia en nHh'ftd. lllifc verV illad vised, as she and her satin train and lace would look far more noticeable and charming were they in some color that, by, contrast, made her utter whiteness tho moro delightful. The Kaiser's children are noted for their courteous manners, and are most cousiderate for everyone who comes in contact with them. The little Prin oess Viotoria of Germany is said to have a decided will of her own, and will some times take a fancy to stand up' in _ Hie Royal carriage when she is out driving in Berlin with one of her ladiesinwait ing. The decorous lady-in-waiting will implore her to sit down, but the little Princess will get up again, like a jackin tho box, if the fauoy takes her to do so. Sho is a very warm-hearted little child, however, and can easily be ruled through her affections. It is no wonder if sho is a little spoilt— -the long-desired little girl, and tho only ono in a family of seven. Lady doctors are fast making their presence folt in the medical profession, and, judging from tho pass lifit for Bacbolor of Surgery, just issued by tho University of London, they are coming forward ini ever-increasing numbers, Out of six candidates who have passed in the first division, three are ladies, all, it may be added, from the Royal Free Hospital. There were a sopre of passes in the second division, nine being suc cessful lady candidates from the Royal Free Hospital and tho London Sohool of Medicine, Parties especially given for 'clairvoy- ance' are becoming more and more fashionable. The hostess sends out cards to a limited number of guests, with the inviting word 'clairvoyant' written in tho corner, Tea is Berved in the drawing-room on arrival, and tho guests are then escorted, one at a time, to the apartment in which the profes sional clairvoyant holds her seance, Palmistry has gone out, and all the new fortune- tellers call themselves' 'impres- sionists.' They do their spiriting either by gazing into a crystal globe or bowl of wafer, or by, telling fortunes with cards. The doctors are now holding the veil responsible for red noses in women, For men no such excuse can be found. The British 'Medical Journal' says1— ?' A German physician formulates an indict ment of the veil as oause of the red ness affecting the nose, and lie relates a number of instances in which young wo men, otherwise in excellent health, do voloped this distressing condition con sequent upon the habit of riding, cy cling, etc, in veils. His view is that the lesion is paused by the friction of tho skin against the veil, impregnated with moisture from the breath, the effect being exaggerated by the tightness with which it is necessary to attach the veil when indulging in athletic pursuits. Tho remedy is obviously to abandon the use of the veil or to wear it loose, an ointing the nose with lanoline or other suitable lubricant.' Tho Queen of Portugal, having begun tho study of medicine as a 'hobby,' has taken her degree of M.D., and is now tho ohief physician of her consort, herself, and her children. The Queen, in her long life, has tra velled very little abroad. She has never been in Russia, Denmark, Austria, Sweden, Norway, Spain, or- Greece. She has never yet set eyes on any of her colonies, nor upon any part of Asia, Africa, or Amorioa. ; An old Irish woman was probably re sponsible for the naming of tho Duke of Connaught. When the Queen was a young married woman she paid a vi$t to tho meraldjslo, and on one occa sion an old woman among the crowd who came to see Her Majesty called out to her: 'Call your son Patrick, and ould Oireland will die for yo!' And the Queen named her next son Arthur Patrick as a compliment to the Irish, 