SUPREME COURT. IN BANCO. FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 2L (Before His Honour the Chief Justice, Sir A. C. Onslow, and Mr. Justice Hensman.) William Littlejohn (Defendant), Appel lant, and A. Dunn (Informant), tRe spondent. This was an appeal against the convic tion of the appellant for keeping a shop in Hannans- street, Kalgoorhe, for bet ting purposes. Mr. Moorhead, instruct ed by Mr. Abbott, appeared for the ap pellant, and Mr. Wood, instructed by the Crown Solicitor, for the respondent. Mr. Moorhead said that the appellant had been convicted at the Police Court at- Kalgoorlie, of keeping open a 'shop, known as the "Reliable," for betting pur poses. The inf&rmation; was laid under section 4 of the Police Act Amendnient Act,' 1893. Against that finding the de fendant a--ealed, and the Magistrate submitted the following questions for answer:-~(1) Does the information dis close an offence under section 4 of the Act; (2) was.the Magistrateright in coi victing and inflicting a penalty; (3) was there sufficient corroboration of the evi dence of Constable Byrne; (4) was the evidence of Constable Nasmith right!y adniitted; (5) was the defendant rightly convicted. The first question, he thought, might be answered in the [ffir mative, for it had to be conceded that the information did disclose an offence. The answer to the second question would he thought, depend upon the answers to the questions 3 and 4. He contended that there was no evidence 'to show a user of the shcps. A single instance did not constitute a user. There was no evi dence'either' to show that the defendant was on the premises at. the time. that the betting ticket was purchased, and there was. nothing to connect him with it. The evidence in corroboration of Constable Byrne was that of asi.accom plice. The Chief Justice. Can you have a better corroboration than the produc tion of the ticket ? Mr. Moorhead asked .how it was con nected.with the. man Littlejohn, who was not on the premises. There was no evidence to show that the person who sold the ticket was acting for the owner. The fact that a totalisator' machine was found in the shop was not corrobora tion. A totalisator was a movable thin,-. and it might have been taken into the shop by any person, and there was no evidence to connect t.he appellant with it. The appellant did not bet on it, and he did not bet money out of his pocket against the public. It had been held that a sweepstakes was not a bet, :nd it could te shown that a totalisator was not either The Chief Justice: It may have been said that the totalisator machine w:s for amusement, as in the case if a poker machine. There is nothing to show that the management derived any profit from it. Mr. Justice Hensman: I have heard that some rich people have depraved tastes for gambling, and keep a machine for their own excitement. Mr. Moorhead: Baccarat is a favourite form of amusement amongst the rich. Mr. Justice Hensman - This place was called the "Reliable." "The house Re liable Littlejohn," it sounds like the "Pilgrim's Progress." (Laughter.) The Chief Justice: And "Cash Fielder ?" Is that a man that takes up cash? Mr. Parker: Perhaps, I may explain. It means a bookmaker, who takes the cash from the bettor, and uses the tic ket to record it. Mr. Moorheaid: My friend is playing "Hamlet," without the ghost. A cas;h fielder is a man who bets on the field, on the racecourse. Mr. Moorhead, continuing, said that a totalisator was a lottery. Mr. Justice Hensman: No; it is dis tinct. In a totalisator, a man selects his horse. A lottery is purely chance. Mr. Moorhead said that it was neces sary also for the iniorniant to show that the public resorted to the shop for the purpose of betting with the appellant. and, as he had said, one instance did not constitute a user, a resorting to. The verb "resort" had been held to mean "to go to, to frequent." Mr. Justice Hiensman - It is a curious thing that the Magistrate did not send up the ticket as an exhibit. The Chief Justice: It is the Magis trate's duty to see that the exhibits are attached to the case. Perhaps Mr. Woo'l will see that the exhibits were sent up in future. Mr. Wood said that the Ma~istrates usually sent up the important exhibits, and he would see that it was .lone. Mr. Justice Hensman said that all r.he exhibits should be sent. The Magistrate could not determine what was impor tant. Mr. Moorhead referred to the ques tion ol corroboration, and that the evi dence of the police was the evidence of accomplices Mr. Justice Hensman: It seems to me strange that if these places are kept open to the public, that some honest mnn could not go in and see what was roing uul, ILuuV L uetting nimselt anti procur ing the offence. The Chief Justice: I think it is well that the police should understand that it is not necessary for them to go the whole length of committing the offence to give evidence. It is sufficient that they should go in and look about them and see what is done. That would be good evidence. I expect it is a mistake on the part of the police. who do not know what evidence is. M3r. Justice Hensman: They have in telligent people over them, who do know what evidence is. The Chief Justice: I cannot help thinking-looking at the evidence of Byrne and Dunn--that they thought it was necessary to do the act of hetting to give evidence. I am surprised that they are not properly advised. AMr. Justice Hensman: It is not neces sary for them to join in committing the offence. You should not indure a man to do that for which you are after wards going to prosecute him. The Chief Justice, in giving judgment, said that the answer to the first ques tion would, as Mr. Moorhead had con ceded it, be in the affirmative. The se cond question was somewhat premature, in point of logic. It read, "Was I right in inflicting a penalty under the Act?" The answer to that would be that he would have been perfectly right in in flicting a penalty if the charge alleged in the information had been proved. The third question was: "Was there any cor roboration of Police- constable Byrne?" and that raised the most important ques tion. Corroboration was required, be cause the witness was himself an accom plice, a "particens criminis." There was nothing, in law, which settled the amount of corroboration that was neces sary. That was a matter entirely for the Judge, and to his mind there was ample corroboration. The ticket seemed to him conclusive evidence of the truth of what the constable said. Mr. Moorhead had argued very strongly that the ticket that Nasmith swore to. and the one Byrne swore to, were different in charac ter. One was a totalisator ticket, and the other was the ticket of the cash fielder. He did not think that mattered much. It was, at all events, corrobora tive evidence that gambliqg in some form or other was carried on on the pre mises. He thought that the appellant had been rightly convicted. Mr. Justice Hensman said that he also was of opinion that the Magistrate was right in convicting the defendant. With regard to the evidence of the police, he said that they were not accomplices who had joined in keeping the house, or in going there to do what was contrary to law, but for the purnose of securing a conviction. He wished to say again that as those offences appeared to be cbmmit ted most openly, there was no necessity for the constables who went in--they went in with their private clothes on to get the person who was being charg ed to commit an offence. It would be quite sufficient to see what was going on. The witness Byrne said that he went in for the express purpose of making the bet, which formed the subject of that charge. The other witness, Nasmith, said that he had been there and taken tickets'before. He had won money there and drawn prizes. That was the m-n's own account of himself. He thought that those who instructed the police should not put them in what he consider ed a mean and degrading position, and the police had no right to degrade their offices in that manner. It was contempt ible, in his opinion, and unnecessary. With regard to the question "Was there corroboration," he said that the neces sity for corroboration was not a rule of law, but a rule of -ractice, and it was-a good. sound rule. In the case of some of those informers outside the police, he would not attach the slightest import ance to their evidence, and would not 'convict on their evidence. However, the witnesses in that case were respect able people, and went to the defendant's alace in the course of their duty. They were, however, accomplices at law, for the law made no distinction between the man who violated the law for a good pur pose and the man who did it for an evil purpose. Moralists might consider it, but at law there was no distinction. He thought, therefore, that the Magistrate was justified, and that all the questions should be answered in the affirmative. SMr. Wood applied that the appeal should be dismissed with costs. SMr. Moorhead objected. He said that costs were never given against the police, and that, therefore, they should not re ceive them. The Chief Justice said that in that case costs would be granted, but if in future it appeared that the police had been instructed to take unnecessary ac tions for the purpose of securing con victions, the Court would take it into consideration. as a reason for refusing costs. , Mr. Moorhead: Will not the Court take it into consideration to-day ? The Chief Justice: No. We have only pointed, out to-day for the first time that they may conduct these cases with out participating in the crime. The Crown (Defendant), Anpellant, and George Cross (Plaintiff), Respon dent. This was an appeal against the finding in favour of the plaintiff, on his claim for damages for being deprived of portion of his pearling area at Useless Inlet, in Sharks Bay. Mr. Parker, Q.C., and Mr. Ewing, instructed by the Crown Solici tor, appeared for the aupellant, and Mr. Moorhead and Mr. Stone. instructed by Messrs. Stone and Burt, for the respon dent. Mr. Parker opened the case for the appellant, and analysed the evidence at length, to show that his Honour Mr. Justice Stone, in the Court below, had arrived at a wrong decision He had not concluded'when the Court rose. The Court adjourned until half-past 10 o'clock on Monday next. LIST OF CASES FOR MONDAY. The Crown (defendant), appellant, and George Cross (plaintiff), respondent (part heard). NO. 2 COURT. CIVIL SITTINGS. (Before Mr. Justice Stone.) Metropolitan Waterworkbs Board v. Municipal Corporation, kerti. Mr. Walter James, on behalf of the board, obtained an adjournment till the November sittings. IN DIVORCE. Howe v Howe. Mr. Walter James, on behalf of the petitioner, Winifred E. Howe, applied that the decree nisi for the dissolution of her marriage with her husband, Thos. J. Howe, be made absolute. There was no appearance by the respondent. A decree absolute was granted. Salter v. Salter. Mr. Walter James, on behalf of the petitioner, Samuel Salter, moved for a decree absolute for the dissolution of his marriage with his wife, Ellen E. T. Salter There was no appearance for the respondent. Decree accordingly. Robertson v. Robertson. This was a petition by Annie Robert son for the dissolution of her marriage with the petitioner, Wilham Robertson, on the grounds of adultery and deser tion. Mr. A. F. Abbott was for the peti tioner. There was no appearance by or for the respondent. From the opening by counsel and the statements of the petitioner, it appeared that the parties were married in August, 1888, at Hastings, ±Hawke's Bay, New Zealand. They lived together -in Tas mania till the end of 189J. during which time three children were born of the marriage. At the end of 1893, in con sequence of an order having been made by the Court for the payment of £50 to a young girl, who had borne him an illegitimate child, he left New Zealand for Queensland. He left his wife with her mother, promising to send for her and her children later on. This he did not do, and remained in Queensland for three years, when he left that colony. Hearing from a friend that lie was in Kalgoorlie, she wrote to him for money for the supnort of the children, and. get ting no favourable response, communi cated with his employer, the manager of the Lake View Consols. with the result that she received two remittances of £3 each in 1899. He was willing to take the children, but offered no arrangements for his wife. In August, last year, she came over with her children to this colony, her mother paying their passage. From the end of 1893 till then she had been maintained by her own people. When she came to Perth, she stayed at the Rechabite Coffee Palace. and wired to her husband. Obtaining no reply, she again communicated with the manager, and. as a result. her husband came to Perth. and stayed a day. He offered her 30s. a week, which she accepted, and he ,rnmised to provide a home for her in Kalgoorlie. He failed to do this, and she wrote to him, and he replied expressing his disinclination to live with her. She again wrote to him, and he replied enclosing 30s., offering to take the two hoys. make an allowance for the Girl and t-lling her sh- must try to earn enough for herself. Further correspondence ensued during which he used to send her small sums of money varying from £1 to 15s. per week, till about a month ago. He took the two boys, as she understood, to put to school in Perth, but he took them to Kalgoorlie the same day. Hearing a few weeks af terwards that he was living with a woman at Kalgoorlie, 'she went up there, and found him and the woman living in a small house together, and one of her little boys there. From inquiries, she found the woman lived with him as Mrs. Robertson. She had formerly known the woman as a Mrs. Jones, who lived in the same lodgings as she had. Her hus band was receivine £5 per week. When her husband and she were in New Zea land they lived happily togetner. His Honour held that a petition had been proved. A decree nisi was granted, with costs. The application for alimony was ordered to stand over. Case Stated. J. Canobi v. G. H. M. Baker. This was a case stated by the Mining Registrar at Greenbushes. Mr. W. T. Forster appeared for Baker. It appeared that a summons in the Mining Court was issued by the plaintiff against the defendant on June 11. re turnable on the 22nd. On the 22nd the defendant filed his defence before the Court opened. On the 22nd the Court did not sit owing to the absence of the Registrar, and was adjourned till the 25th. When the case was called on on the 26th, it was contended for the plain tiff that no defence had been filed, as the judicial regulation requiring a de fence to be filed at least two clear days before the hearing had not been complied with, and consequently the defendant was debaried from appearing. The de fendant claimed to be heard on the ground that. although not filed two clear days before the return day, it was filed two days before the actual hearing. The Registrar reserved the case for an opin ion from the Supreme Court. After hearing counsel. His Honour said he should reply that the defendant, in the circumstances, could not be heard. but as the Regis trar asked what should be done, he would advise that the case should have been adjourned at the defendant's expense, if any, in order that proper notice should be given. The Court adjourned till half-past 10 a.m. the following Monday. MONDAY'S CASES. In Divorce.-Wigley v. Wigley and Bird. Nisi Prius.-Herrington v. Swan Brewery Co., Ltd. 