CHARTER V. Gently I turned the handle of the door. It was not locked, and yielded to my slight push. Creak, crack, creak, it sounded. I slood breathlessly. Suiely tlie sleeper must have heard it Y No, the snoring continued. I entered the room. It was in absolute darkness, save for one small patch which was just, faintly illumined by the starlit but moonless sky. I stood away from that against the wall, and then’I groaned, imitating as well as J was able, the dis mal, hollow moan which had so stailled me in the cellar below. The snoring ceased. There was a move ment on the bed. J gioaned again. 1 heard the breathing coming quick and short as of a woman in mortal fear. My lilan was piogressihg, Then suddenly I threw wide the cloak, and stood outlined in all my ghastly array. There was a stilled scream from the woman on the bed, and a quavering, horror-stricken voice said : “ Charles Mayfield ! ” 1 had succeeded. She had taken me for my brother. My plan was a success. In as hollow and tragic a tone as I could adopt I said : “ Yes. wretolied woman, the spirit of Charles .Mayfield stands before you. His body lies cold and dead in the Newgate cell. So long as you live will my ghostly presence haunt you.” And in agonised tones there came a piteous cry : '• Mercy ! iMercy ! ” And in the same hollow tones as before I replied : “As much mercy as you have shown the poor starving wretch in the cellar below. As much mercy as you show me. As much mercy as you had in your heart when your perjury sent me to a felon's cell.” , And so on. I say so on, because these high-faintin’ melodramatic utterances of mine I am afraid read as being rather idiotic to an intelligent reader in the broad light of day. You must remember the circumstances attending their utter ance to appreciate their success. A woman with a guilty conscience and the training of a domestic servant, suddenly awakened from her sleep to find by her bedside the spirit of the man she has wronged does not stop to be hypercritical over the language the ghost used to her. Hut. I do not propose to bon: you with all I said and did, and all the confession I extracted from her lips. I obtained sufiieent for the purpose I bad in view before she went oil into a fainting fit. In that condition I left her, and vent downstairs to the office. t wrote out in her own words, as nearly as I could remember them, her confession, and before I iiad finished making a copy of it i could see the light of the coming morn gradually stealing over the shutter tops. The confession ? She had been in the merchant’s service for years. .She had ruled bis bouse and him without direc tion, instruction, or question. When.be instrodueed a - flighty, discontented, grumble a t-e very filing young woman as a wife, her hatred . was ignited, and smouldered till the time came for it to leap into a flame. She played’the con fidante with the wife, and betrayed her to tlie husband, tlis nature was one winch, when satisfied that he was being deceived, stopped at nothing. The devilish scheme of punishing the wife through the execution of her lover, the man who had wronged him, appealed to him, and he seconded his housekeeper’s efforts with all the earnestness which in "Why the housekeeper’s feeling against my brother Y Well — sue had a daughter, a stage-struck girl. She got an engage ment in tlie same company in wiiieli Charlie was playing, and-—well, I have told you that: tie did not fty the high moral standard, and you may guess what happened when 1 teli you that the mother swore to be revenged. When by her spying about she saw letters to her mistress from Charlie, she thought the consummation of her revenge was near at, hand. And it was. Her eflort to kill two birds with one stone nearly suc ceeded. One of the confessions L iiaci written out I. put in an envelope with a letter setting out the whereabouts of the con fessor. and tlie lying-at-the-poiiu-of deal-h condition of the supposed folic murdered woman. To Ibis 1 added the key of the front door, and sealing the envelope, directed it, to the superinten dent on duty at .Scotland Yard, with an indorsement, “ Urgent. A matter of fife arid death.” Then, after looking at the railway guide I went down to the cellar again, faking with me all the cushions I could find. The poor girl was in the same dazed condition. I fed her with some of the chemist’s stuff, and, making her as comfortable as possible with the cushions, left her, and made for the The night cabs were trailing stable waids, and to the dliverof one going west I gave lialf-a crown, and my lettel to Scotland Yard, for immediate de livery. .lumping into another, I drove to the railway station. I was going to Eastbourne by the first train to see the merchant. 1 wanted 11 confession from him, too. I did not intend to play any ghost pranks on him. r'e was much too intelligent a man. Nevertheless I did not, despair of getting what I wanted. A guilty conscience is a splendid string to twang win 11 you want to e::tract con At the slat ion I had time for a wash and brush up before the train started. J n-a.- a hit nervous about my encounter with the merchant. I was armed only with a cony ol the confession... But’i thought tilings out as tlie train ran Arrived, I sought out the street in which my mau lived. At the corner of it I^saw a policeman. I went to him and “ I have come down to collect an account from a man staying; at Yo. 24. He’s threatened to throw me out if I apply for Hie money again. I)o you mind coming and standing: outside the place whilst f go in't ” " I can’t do that without the ser geant’s instructions. You’ll have to go to the po-” “ J don’t want you to do anything outside your duty. 1 only want you stop outside the house so as to see there is no breach of tile peace. Just stop there so that Irani the window he eanseeyou, that's all: yon need not stop live min utes.” ” J don’t think [ can do even that.” But a couple of half-crown nieces slip ped into the palm of his hand made him think cpiite dilterently. ^o when I entered the open street door of No. 24, and was Questioning the lodging-house slut as to which rooms the meiclinnt occupied, (lie eonstable stood on the op posite side of the way watching. 1 went straight up to the merchant’s room. 1 entered it. He was sitting at a table writing. He evidently took me for another lodger, for lie said : hxeusu me. J t hink you have made a mistake.” “ Kxcuse me,hut L don’t think 1 have. -\ly name is Jarvis, detective. Scotland N ard. There's a wairant out for you lor perjury, conspiracy, false iniprisonmeiit. and attempt to murder your wife.” lie turned very white and fell haek in bis chair, lint for a moment he did rioL speak. Then lie said : ’* How did you timl it, out 1 ” fe way of answer I read him the eon fJtrS-on. He seemed spellbound. Then suddenly he sprang to his feet and made for the floor/ Lint J was too quick for him. J reached tile door lirst, and put ting my hack against it. said : ’’ Don’t be ii fool. Look out of the window. Do you see the officer standing opposite !J Tileries one at each '■cud of the street and two in the backyard. You’ve as'much chance or escape as that tide, out there has of not coming in Ho .stood by tins window silent for ;i moment, and then lie said : “ \ oil’ll take me nu to London, I sup “ Well,” J. replied, throwing as much meaning as I could, into Hie tone of my voice,'"I suppose'you would prefer a journey to another place, where, for in stance, there’s no extradition treaty with England.” . He caught mv meaning. He looked U]) and said, as he drew a book full of bank notes from his breast poclfet : ,. - “ It would be worth £1,000 for me to get out of this.” V < “ I am-only a poor policeman,” I said, with a grin. “ You tempt me.” “ Will you take it and'let me go ? ” lie queried eagerly. “ Well, yes,” 1 answered, “on one condition, that yon sit there and write out and sign a confession.” “I’ll sign anything yon like, if you let me go," lie replied, picking up a "pen and drawing a sheet of paper near him. “ Then write this : ' The confession annexed is absolutely true in every par ticular. My wife was not mur.dered. She was heavily drugged on the night of the appointment, and smeared with red paint, which in the candle-lit bedroom and the nosition she was put in looked like blood. The whole of the evidence given at the trial (with the exception of the constable’s) was false. The supposed murdered weman was concealed by my housekeeper during the time we were in the street hunting for the supposed murderer. Tile scheme worked as we hud anticipated : if it had not done so, my housekeeper was standing in the shadow behind the door,with a bludgeon to stri'ke the constable senseless, and I should have done the same witlH tile actor. All trace of the supposed murder would have been removed, and the actor charged with burglariously entering my premises, and murderously assaulting tlie police.’. Now,” T continued, *• sign that. Write across this ‘ Copy confession referred to in the annexed document,’ and sigivthat also. That's all. Now"the notes, and pack up and say good-bye as quickly as possible. I can promise you only six hours’ start.” It will be enough,” lie said, grimly. “ J Iciiow tlie map of Europe pretty When I'left the house mv friend the. constable had gone back to his corner. J. went to tin: railway station, and so up to London. There is not much left to tell. Were1 this narration all fiction I suppose a railway accident- would have happened to the train the merchant had escaped in, and he would have ended his life to the satisfaction of the reader. .But if did not. Oil tile contrary, be got clean away to a foreign country, where I be lieve'he at the present moment holds a big public position. The hand or retri butive justice is pretty freely shed aiound in novels and on the stage, but it makes a poor show in real life. My brother ? Liberated, of course, but in all the miserable years he dragged out after I neveronce saw him walk with head erect or a smile round his lips. I never heldhimup as a model of morality but I do fearlessly say that lie was no worse than hundreds of other men who are looked up to and respected. But his luck was out very far. The wife 'i Well, a novelist would, I suppose, iiave restored her to health and happiness, thinking she had been pun ished in that cellar sufficiently. Truth compels me to say that her punishment only commenced there. She look from that damp floor enough rheumatism to rack every nerve, muscle, and fibre of her body for the few years she was able to live through it. Knowing the mer chant. I had extracted that thousand pounds for his wife’s benefit, otherwise she would have starved. I took upon myself the post of trustee, and she never wanted any earthly comfort which money could procure. Hut, as one of the doctors said to me, she was snfleriiig, and would so sutler, till death leleased her, the tortures of the damned. Stop. I said retributive justice had no part in this. I t did take a hand in the game after all. When the police liadfetehed (he wife from the cellar, and given her medical attention, they went upstairs to the housekeeper's bedroom. .She iiad displayed an effective talent for tying things twice before—the unfor tunate woman in the cellar and herself to the banister. Her final eilort was an even greater success. .She had evidently stood on a chair to tie herself this time— by the neck to u hat-peg, for when the police pushed open the door they found it moved neavilv. She was hanging be hind it, with a black face and protrud ing tongue. She bad tied the characters of this little drama into a knot during her life time, which I was able to untie, but tile knot which compassed her deatli there was no undoing. Morbid stoiy, is it not ? No wedding bells to wind up with, no red fire, no limelight on the filial tableau. You hud better have picked up an up-lu-dale society novel. This is much stranger, i. it not ? But then Truth is, you know. (The End.) 