The Mysterious Monogram. I chapter xxtx.. ! ' \ou did not tell me whether you thought there ! tnight have been anything unpleasant connected I w;th your mother's marriage,' Miss Foriesque I began, with a bluntness that rasped the younjj : man's nerves almost beyond endurance. ? ' I do not know,' ho briefly replied. i 'I doD't suppose you do,' snapped his com ; pani on. 1 simply asked you what you thought about it.' Archie was souiewbat amused at her authorit ative manner, as if she possessed a perfect right to question him as much as she pleased, and it wa-* his duly to meekly teply. He was also secretly irritated, but, after a moment o f consideration, he responded : ' The only thing |1 recall that could possibly suggest such a suspicion is the fact that ihe one6 eaid to me, with some excitement of manner, ' Archie, if you live to be a man, never ask a gir' to run away with you, or to marry you secretly. It is the meanest thing a man can do, aud it is always sues to eud in misery.' ' And sue was right, youug man,' Miss Fortes que emphatically rejoined, in a husky voice. He was astonished to see that her face had grown ghastly aud her lips perfectly colorless. -: She ?wus ri^ht,' she repeated. 'Nothing but misery ever can result from such a marriage. 1 iufer iroin that remark thot your miother's may have beoti a 'secret or a runaway marriage ?' she con cluded, regarding him seaichiugly. 'llmve thought that might have baen pos sible,' was the constrained reply. «.. ' What was your mother's maiden name ?' ' Her i^iven name was Helen.' . ' Helen 1' aud there was a shrill note of pain in the woman's voice as sho repeated it. ' Her oilier — tell me her surname !'' she excitedly coin ruauiled. '?1 do not know; she never told me,' Archie Badly re*ponded, but marveiling at his companion'9 etrange emotion, which was fast communicating tself to him: ? 'You do not know? . Heavens ! Yau do not know your own mother's name?' burst from the woman, in amazement. 'No.' ?''.' ' What was she like ? — the color of her eyes her hair ? Describe her to me !' ' I have a picture of her ; I will show it 'to you,' Archie returned, more and. more perplexed and disturbed by the woman's manner. , From his bosom |he drew forth th 2 locket which he always wore, and quietiyinid it in her hands. She gave one glance at it. ' ? i ? A shriek of agony burst from her, tand iben she fainted -leaa away. Archie sprung to his feet as that piercing cry Emote upon his ears, hie own face Almost as white Bs that of the unconscious woman ? before him. Ha took possession of the locket, which had Slippuu from her nerveless fingers into her lap, theu darted away to find a stewardess. They had been sitting by themselves, under the bridge, as most of the passengers preferred to be in the sunlight ; but when Archie returned to Miss Fortesque. he found a number of people gathered around her, her cry and his excited movements having attracted their attention. But the woman's swoon was not of long dura-' tion. {} It had been caused 6imply by the shook she had received upon recognising the locket, and animation began to reassert itself almost immediately. She appeared to be uiuoh annoyed when she realized what a commotion she had caused. She drank the water .which the stewardess had bro tight her, then motioned her imperatively away, aaying, with a glance at the people gathered about her; ; J ' It was only a momentary vertigo ; n,otody need be alarmed— I am all right now.' The passengers immediately took the hint and retreated, thus leaving her ugalu alone with 1 Archie, who, now feeling sure that she held the bey to the mystery which, had no long surrounded his mother's early life, was only too anxious to have Miss Fortesque explain everything to him, if be could prevail upon her to do so. ? ' Sit down 1' the woman commanded, as she looked up iuto his faoe and saw how white and ?tager it was. Ho mechanically obeyed her. ' Give me that locket !' she continued, holding but a trembling band for it Without 11 word, be laid it again upon her palm, vhen her alim fingere closed spasmodically ever it. ..-..' She sat for several momentB with it clasped thus in her hands, and looking out over the ocean, While she seemed to be struggling to oontrol some deep emotion. At length (ehe quietly opnned the Rolden case, «nd gascd long and steadily at the picture within ..**?' ?..''.'' . 'Helen!' she murmured, under her brefttb . ! while two great teat*, gathered In her eyes and tolled «lo wlyorer^tff. winkled oheek*. 4«-hju- regarded her with inoiwariug MtonbhHwnt J',Did you.T.r know h.t?' he aiked, with. « enlur* indicting tbt |4»!ura. 'Know her !' tho woman repeated , sitting etec and lifting h-r heavy, sorrowful eyes to his face ',' Boy, she was. my own daughter I ' CF.APTER XXX. t -, ? ' A' Mother's' 'Sad -Story. . ;, 'Your daughter ?' gasped the jraunir miin ; and he regarded his companioii' as if he thought she had suddenly taken leave of her senses. ' Yes my very own.' *' Then — you must ba ' ? -. '! Your grandmother. Yes, if you eare to own ? we as such, Miss Fortesquo returned, with con siderable bitterness. ' Ido not understand — I cannot comprehend !' faltered Archie, whose mystified countenance' would have been an interesting study for au artist. ' Thnt is not strange,1; the womnn replied. It is no wonder that you cannot comprehend how a woman in my position, answering only to the name of Miss Fortesque— a rich old maid — should have been the mother of this beautiful girl, and, through her, claim relationship with you.' Archie's flushed and troubled face told but too plainly how keenly her words cut him, although he made no response. ', 'How strange it is,', she resumed, after a' moment of profound thought, ' that secrets which we suppose to have been buried so deep that there can be, no possibility of unearthing them, should suddenly rise to confront us, like a restless ghost of the past, when we least expect it ! Archibald Wellington, I have carried so oh a secret in the depths of' my soul for more than' fifty years — a secret which I firmlylbelioved would go unrevealed with tne to. my grave. But here, in mid- ooean, I am compelled, by a stranger, of whose existence 1 was unaware a week ago, to throw open the inner most recesses of my heart, and confess that which uo one now living, save myself, ever even sus pected.' 'Madam,' Archie here interposed,, with an air of proud though quiet dignity, whioh made his companion's eyes soften with an expression of un wonted tendernosB, ' I beg that you will not feel compelled to make any revelation to me whioh may be at all harrowing to your feelings. Of course it is but natural that I Bhould desire to know the history of tuy dear mother, who to me was the embodiment of all that was beautiful and exalted in life ; but I would prefer to forego all such knowledge rather than wring from you a secret wbioh may be both snored aud painful to you.' 'My young friend, your kind consideration does you great credit,' Mis Fortesque remarked, as she bent upon him a look of approbation, ' aud betrays a refinement of feeling, that touches me deeply. I hitve confessed to you my relationship to your mother* whion I have suEpeoted from the moment you told me her name was Helen, and also that you believed her to be autEngli«h'woaian.'| ' There have been doubtless maiijr Heleui who wtr* Bnglfoh women,' Annie began, ?tuilib| slt^htly, but thiukinvf. that was hardly -sufficient ground to warrant' her suspicions. -.','..iCn*e-: but you strongly resemble your mother, and that resemblance impressed me immediately ; but this likeness settles the' question with mfi. But '?f 'I go unfurther inniy revelations to you— if. I, do ?: not explain away' certain -doubts., and suspicions which you cannot fail to entertain, you would go yourjway when you reach Ng.w Yurk, und -carry a sore henrt in your bosom '-all your life, and 1 should los% a link out of mine, which, since . I have dis covered it, 1 would not part fwith under any cir cumstances. Archibald, if after I have told you the story of m^ past life you can own and give me' a little affection, as your mother's 'mother, believe that my declining years will be hanpier than I had ever dared to hope.' Archie was deeply mcvod by. this appeal, and something very lunch like kindred fouling suisred through his-hedrt for the ajrod woiimii be.'iilf him. '?You have shown [yourself manly and tender, from. the moment of our meeting,' Miss Fortesque resumed ; ' your kindness to me— 11 perfect stranger and a crabbed old wemac at that — at the hotel- in Liverpool,. and your thoughtful attention since, have aroused a very warm feeling; in my heart for you, and I urn free to say that I should , be very proud to claim you as my daughter's son.' 'I fear that you overrate what have been no more than the commonest courtesies,' 'Archie modostly returno . , . _ . ; ' If you regard them simply as common courtesies, they have not- been very plentiful in aiy life, though perhaps I |hav^ been somewhat to blame ; for I warn you Lam not always the most amiable creature in the world— indeed, I have relatives who have bestowed upon me the very significant appellation of ' the porcupine,' ' Miss Fortesquo responded, with a grim smile. « Then noticing the twinkle of amuseme.it in Archie's eyes, she added : ' And you also may live to lonrn that I huve been rightly nauiel But now for my story,' she continued, .with . a sigh. '' When I was a girl eighteen years old, I lost my mother, and during the noxt two years I aud my -sister, who was but twelve months younger, were left to the care of a governess, My father was a very wealthy lauded proprietor, with a rent roll that yielded him a very large iuoouio. He was as generous as a prinoe, and there was nothing in the world he would not' do lor his children whom he idolized. I had one brother, who was a fen yearn my senior, and who, at the time I speak of, was an officer in her Majesty's service.. Our governess was a highly educated woman, but- she was not fond of young people, and, after our lessous were over she iieverpaid much attention to as, although it was understood that Hhe was to have. » ironenil over sight of our jives uud occupations; «nd thus we were left, agreatdeitl of the time, to atda$e our jselvei ai- we chose,- ? . ? . v. . - «' Ctjring a season whtohiwe epent in London^ I studied uiraer ??' noted muupiait, whu, hoftever, waif «0mparatively youug maq, «erf haqii^na ?tod V*ry Bultivatta. -: ttomaksa long «tory rfiort, [ wo fell in iovo with ench - fc ier, hm,1 the huu s ss*. signed for my levins, iiiotUitd of beii.jr debate l't« my Ie:;son b-Mjame interviews sf ihe. urjst seail^' nicntiil nature. hi three months we vvrr^ betriithrd lovers; und ftunlly, knowing tint n-.y father would never sanction our union, we «b';,vfl upon ti secret marriage. (To be ContiuueJ.) 