SOLDIER'S GHOST STORY. In the year 1799 there Was a large garrison at Dover; as there was at that time a constant expectation of an at tack from France. There were six battalions at Dover, four of which were quartered in the Castle. On 14th January there happened an event which made a great impression on the garrison, and which was never ex plained. Among the men whose dut, was sentry-go on that iight was tiles Markhamn, a. native of Tewkesbury, who was what is called " a character." A bold, boisterous, rollicking fellow, he always loudly expressed a disbelief in things which were not vouched for by t his own senses. On the night of 14th January, 1701i, Giltes .Markham went on to take his turn of sentry duty at eleven o'clock. , and le was to be at his post until one in the morning. The air was cold andi bracing. Within the guard-house Ilarge fire blazed merrily, and tile liell were mecrry, too. M[arkhamn, who was al- I ways the le:lding spirit alnong his comi rades. was full of fun, and had enter tained them with teaniy a story I l'id jest. At length his tuIrn for duty came, and he reluctantly turnedout. HIlllness fe'll uIponti tie guardholuse when tie left, and milost of tlhe lell dropped itli, :t dose. The fire was; be ginnintg to burn lo\\\ w\vhen snddetily the voice of the sentliVry :It tile guartdllouse door was hear:id callinlg out. nlld sole onle rushed into tile roolt. IveLryone wasl awa;ke inl a tminutle. and the intru der was seen to be Giles Ratl;ll:;n. Ilis cheeks were white. his limbs trembled, his tirelock. which he had brought witlh hin. fell with it era:tsh to the grounId. 'The whole of the guartld were by this timle ttlalrlued. anlld 1ll crowded rolundl the illan and asked in one voice " What's the maltter, Markham iii What hlus ha:ippened ":" " I have seen t"y mlother." gaspedl tilhe unhllaily aitn. " Seen the devil '" sa:id tlie sergeantl. A" nd suppose you have, why did yout quit your post -,, "\Was I to go ilto tile sentry-box while mIly Illothe"r wa"s here '"' demand ed Mar:khamnl, shaking froim hetad to foot as if in an ague lit. " I tell you. I couldn't do it-no. not if it were to save imly life." It wc:l t dti, ]airktaint," said the sergeant. " Recollect thalt there are such things as the Articles of War:. It won't do to crack your jokes at tile ex pense of thlei." Iult tMakiatutl s tmau:llert s lso ilpressd tilt' Iec that somle of thetm almost iun coniustitSoy noled the titne ly thed murdrouttn clock. It was lve-and dum was made of the time.' " I am sorry for you, Markham," said the sergeant; " but this` must be re portedl to -he otiler, and you must take tilhe consequences." • I don't care what the consequences Ilay be, or to whom you report me," he replied. When the otticer arrived, he, of course, denmanded an explanatlon. Markham. who had by this time re covered his self-composure, then gave the following account of his adven ture: " You know where my post was," he said, "'on the platform of Number Five battery, which overlooks the sea. Tihe sentry whoml I relieved reported ' All well.' Over the surface of the Channel, as far as my eyes could reach, not a thing was moving. The noises fron the town grew every mo meat less and less, and at hist they: died away, so that, when the clocks struck twelve, there was not a sound except the roar of the sea. I have often done duty on that post before, but never have I felt the silence as I did to-night. I was thoroughly de pressed by the stillness and loneliness around me. . And then I fell a-think ing. I thought of my past life, and I knew that it had not been all it ought to have been. I thought of my mother, and 1 retmelmbered how. she used to weep over omy father's loose life-and it was i very'loose life-and how she used to plty that I might turn out a better nllan than he was. 'o"or mlother ! 1 stood beside the gun, antd wept like a baby as I. thought of her, and of what she would think of me now. After a time the feeling wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to silly, sentimentallsm. I faced about, and walked to the.end of my beat, and then, feeling tired, made for tihe sentry box. Sir, you may not be lieve lme, but as there is a heaven above its, there at the box stood my mother. 8he was pale, and looked at me with ani expression of sorrow that cut me to the heart. 1 was glued to the spo. I ctouhd not miove. I heard her voice. fSlie said, ' This day twelve months we shall meet again.' The words smote me, and I, who was never frightenec before, quaked with fear-fear of what I know not. I tried to speak, but couldn't. At leingt? I found feeling re lurn to iny legs, and I bolted. Believe mle as you like, every word I have said, sir, is true." " You have told a strange story, Manrklham," said the oficer, " to account - for your commlssion of a serious nilli tary offenue. But I will do this much for you. A prisoner you must be, and a report- ltust be sent in to-tmorrowl to the colonel ; but lie shall be told your tale, and ais you have been a good ; sol dier, I will beg his leniency for you, You are a native of Tewkesbury, you say. Does your mother live there t" " 1 have every reason to sulppose so." an;swered Matrkham.. " It is yearsc since 1 have see?l her or written t, her." " Very well," said the ollicer, "your miother shall be written to; and you: fate will depend onl the answer." /Markham was kept a prisoner that night, anld was reported next morning. Two letters were despatched by tih colonel, one to Markhatm's mother, tial another to the clergyman of the parish in which sshe was supposed to reside. In due course there caine back answer: to both letters. One was in the hand. writing of .:arkhaun's father, and tln other front the parson. The latter stated that he had received :-lniutmi tien the very lmorning when thi, colonel's letter reached hint that tit woualnn concerning rwhom the ilquirli-: haill been mlade -wyas to be buried nex: duay.. Mtlrkhauln,.eunior, in his letter. stated thuit hip wife' hint died at hall past twelve on the nlight of 14th Jane: ary. The news jmaLde so tmuch ihpre: stion oil.tile colonel that Markham wa: released. Timne rolled ou:until a year had gone. and Mharkhi:m's leginlent was at Asl: ford. When 14th January came roun againa Ma:rkhamn seemted as healthy a - ever. lIe had gone through a hart' futigtue duty In the day, and when bed time came heegladly tumbled-in, sayli: ai cheery " Good-night's to his comn rndes. 'T'hat was at tieno'clock. Som two hours and a half afterwards oil, of the men of Marklinm's company who had bad leave to be late, came it atid was a: bit noisy. Some of the me: woke' up, and Markham's voice wae heard saying, "I am coming, mother.' It was 12.30 on the 14th of January MaIrkhlm was found dead in his be'. the next morning, with a peacefu: happy look In his face.-" Goldes, Penny." 