Ladies Letter from Paris. Paths. Auuust 25. President Loubet and his Ministers on Sunday last distributed in tile Salles des Fetes tlie awards at the Exhibition. The ceremony was simple, and that but ren- dered it the more imposing. There wus an absence of foreign big-wigs, but that .iul not detract from the effectiveness of the scene There were about 42,000 persons present. Each of the groups, over one uindred ill number, headed their sections; these defiled with flags and banners; men of every clime and nation, of every colour, and of every language ; us each group came forward, the Giant Organ accompany ing with some appropriate air, it received from M. Loubet its list of- awards. It was ail over by half-past four. On returning to the Elvsee, where an outdoor soiree was held to honour tho prize-winners, a drun ken writer, to win a bet, broke through with great ease tiro ranks of the. police and the soldiers, gained the steps of the Pre sidential carriage, and deposited an en velope containing his niece's photo, at the feet of M. Loubet. That was to show there was no difficulty for an assassin to do likewise. Tlie incident gave rise to no alarm. The congratulations between the prize-winners and their relatives aud ac quaintances were very hearty and sincere, and the awards appeared to give general satisfaction. Only M. Loubet and the Minis! or of Commerce delivered speeches. But the audience did not care fur speeches, but enjoyed the mammoth organ instead. So ends the ringing down of the curtain of the World's Fair. Visitors, unless they had no other demands upon tneir time, could scarcely more than take a bird's-eye view of the contents of the Universal Mu seum. And they are not attractive objects that the Big Fair wants. The day was beautifully fine. The little wooden bridge connecting the Invnlides with the bank of tho Seine gave way at ten o'clock ill the evening, whin tiro Venetian Fete on tlio river was at its height. Two persons were killed and 40 wounded. Fragile structure, as usual. The attendance on. Sunday of visitors was 480,000. Tho caterers for feeding the thousands at the Show, and tho proprietors of side shows or spectacles and entertainments, aro ill at ease. They complain of not making money, but, on the contrary, bemoan losing it. Perhaps they expected to make tou large and too rapid a fortune. But there can be no doubt that failures are unplea santly numerous. At the pankrupt sale of a menagerie, one horse Dutcher bought up aifthe Egyptian donkeys, 16 in number, and meets with a great sale ior the llesh — ass meat ranking as most delicate. The East Indian und the Five o'C'lock Ceylon Tea-rooms arc very prosperous ; they aro the popular meeting-places for friends". Tho charges aro moderation itself, and all is served on native lines and by native women attendants. Tho Transvaal l'av'lion is close by, aud is always crowded with visitors. That does not obtain any good for tho Boers; but the latter who mount guard there do not look angelically on tho Bri tisher Some 1,500 American tourists, mostly ladies, and touchers of ' National schools, had saved up fnr a trip this yeur to Eu rope. They were to visit Paris, Geneva, Florence, and Venice, following, ns they pa'd 1,750 and 2,500 francs for thoir ticket. The.v mostly belong to the new society, Christian Endeavour. The two German ships chartered wore mimed in the recent fire in New York harbour. This caused delay The tourists on landing in Europe found that their railway coupons were no use, when the moment arrived for returning; their time lind elapsed, und the accommodation provided at the hotels was lost by the same cause. The agent when writ ten to avowed he was a ruined man, could do nothing, and now 1,000 of bis tourists are fighting the problem bow to live on nothing in Europe or how to reta-ii homo on ns much. Many of them are working their way to Paris, and it is intended to organise a special theatrical fete to raise funds to send them home. Fasuions. On a wet day serge is this only wear; when the tsunshino reigns only muslins, cambric, tulle, and pique. However, in tho enso of youug nnd slim girls, cheek mid plaid materials are especially adopted. Fawn und gray stuffs aro also very suit able for them— if the wearers have, colour. Dark-blue and navy, as well as tho new shades of red, will ever bo suitable. While ladies so strongly favour white linens, flow ered or phtiu cotton frocks — so cast into tho shade by the blouse mid skirt idea — have been welcomed back. They are made in the pleasing and .plain housemaid skirt with the bodice bionsed. For autumn ma terials, mohair may be expected to be much patronised. It will bo worn over a silk and independent lining. Smart travelling gowns are in tweeds. Many 'ike tho navy blue material plain ; the sea blue, however, is ornamented with white silk. Cream al- pacas are worn very pluin, but the ghost of a little foulard can be distinguished. They can bo ornamented with embroidery and tho narrowest of white velvet ribbon. Tho sleevelets extend to the elbows," and aro culledmilkmaid sleeves, because resembling dairymaid's, sleeves tucked up. Flounced skirts are becoming general, and look charming, especially on slender figures ; some of the skirts display three rows of flouncos. The new liat is popular, and yet there is nothing really to command distinction. It is in Panama or sunburnt straw, with a "windmill" bow in black glace silk or black glaeo ribbon; thore is -not much in tho structure, and yet it is liked. There is the rustic straw hat, trimmed with soft silk muslin. Tho bat tered, or dented crown is very general since President I, oubet's ' chimney-pot came to grief in the mob attack upon him. Dur ing the great heat, ladies in mourning woro the elbow sleeves, with long white or black silk mittens instead of gloves. The'blouse bodice will hold its own in the fight with the tailors for tho tight corsot- liko bodice. Tlie autumn coatccs will be very smart, display military trimming, and plenty of buckles., 