SKKTOHKit HAUNTED CHURCHES. We who live at the olose of this nine teenth century can hardly think it possible that the strange stories of ghoBt>haunted ohurohes were onoe firmly believed. Happily for the peaoe of the regular ohurohpoer theto are but few churches in Great Britain whioh have the reputation of being the home of spirits, and even those that are haunted do not appear to suffer materially by reason of their being so as sociated. The beautiful Devonshire ohuroh of Otiery I St Mary (whioh may be said to be Exeter 1 Cathedral in miniature-«a muah does it resemble it) oontains, inter alia, several monuments. One is erected to the memory of John Coke, of Thorne, who died Is 3632, and represents an armed soldier habited in half armcnr, with trunk hose and Jack boots. Hia left band grasps the hilt of hie sword, whilst his right holds a baton. It is believed he was murdered for mer cenary motives by a younger brother. We are told that because of the injustice done him, his spirit oannot rest, and his statne therefore steps down from its niohe at night and stalks through the silent ohuroh. Adjaoent to the ohnroh at Tamerton Foliott is the old Ooplestooe Oak, beneath whose branches a member of the Copies tone family was murdered a number of years ago. Small wonder, then that it is said his restless spirit haunts the quiet ohnrohyard apparently seeking comfort in reading the tombstones of those who were privileged to die in the ordinary course of events. Perhaps the beat known of these haunted bnildings in Scotland is the 'Auld AUoway Kirk' of Ayr, Tradition says that a farmer on his way home from Ayr one market night saw the place was lighted up, and on look ing in at the window he beheld the Devil, with a number of old women dancing around him. One he reoognised and shonted, «Weel, luppan Maggie, wi the short sark 1' Besenting this Interruption, the Evil One and his companions gave ohase to the frightened farmer, who made all haste for the bridge of Doon, and crossed the stream by the merest ohance. in time to escape ospture by the Devil. Burns perpetuates the legend in his famous 1 Tam o' Shanter.' His Satanic Majesty iB again responsible for the spirits haunting the ohoroh of Widdeoombe-in-the-Moor, on Dartmoor. The'edifloe was, on Snnday, October 21, 1638, struck by lightning and severely damaged. Four persons were killed ana sixty-two injured. The Devil is said to have oanssd this thunderstorm, and he U positively known (aooording to tradition} to have attended at Widdeoombe personally on that day in the guise of a horseman. It is asserted that the spirit forma of the four people killed have sinoe walked the chord at nightfall, and the prevailing belief among the moormen is that they will do so until the Last Day. The old ohnroh of St. Mary, at Berry Pomeroy, seems to make far too good a pic ture for a haunted building. Nevertheless, if we credit the history of au early oooupier of Berry-Pomeroy Castle, adjaoent, and her association with the ohuroh, we find such is the case. Tradition again tells ns how the daughter of a former lord of the castle mur dered her ohild there, and that in death she apparently passes part of her time at the soene of the tragedy, and the remainder &t; the grave of her dead ohild, which was buried in the church. Her apparition, it is aaid, has appeared on several oooasions to independent persons, and the facta made a very strange story; but as it has not been seen for nearly a century, it is to be hoped her troubled spirit has at last fonnd solaoe. The old ohurohyard of Kelvedon, Essex, also has its ghost, for a legend runs that a looal miller-' the only honest miller in the county'-was so poor that he was unable to pay his way. This preyed upon his mind so much that he committed suioldo by hanging himself from a tree there, and further, he is frequently notioad-by those qualified to see saoh sights-hoverug around the ohuroh yard with a halter around his neok and his tongue hanging oat. 