TOl OSSINGTON'S GHOST. (By, RICIHAlD MARSH). CIiAI"ITi XVII. TII': KEY TO TIlE PUZZLE. She stood for a second, with the hiandle'ef the open dioor ilnt hier grasp as if she was glad of its supptort to aid iher stand. 'J hen, with aL quick glance backwards, as of pleitling to the one wlin exercised over ihelr so strange a spell, she tottered from the roonm. She continued spealiniig as she went, aiS if depreelntling thie otlher's wrath. tlallingall ltuntg back ais she passed frol thie room, seesting, from Iltis atti ttlde, to bte ill 1\two mindt s whether to follow her at all. 'lThe othlers, as if taking tlhe cue from himt, seesimed hesi taiing too--until Madge, with head thrown lcekl, and lists hangdng clenclh ed ait hier sides, went after her lthrou'ogh the door. 'lThen they mo\'vedl close on iletge's hlcels - Iirtce Grahanl in front, iltiingall bringing up the rear. Thie womalnt was sliggering up the stairs, with. obvious unwillingness and, atlso, with more than sutllficient feelileness. It was wih diltliculty she coutl lift hier feet fromt step to step. Each time she raised lier foot she gave a backward ltrch, whilich thlreatened to plrecililttte hier tdown thle vwhole of the dlisttee she had gainetd. Alladge's impulse iwas to dashl for wa'ti, rput her arms about the unfortu nutle creature's waistand, if she needs mssst, go forwardt, ibear her bodily to thie topu of the stairs. But although, at tle pitiful sigiht which thie womnan presented, iher fingers tintgled anid hler ipulses throbbed, site ai ti stayedl from tladvancing to proffer hier the assistance which sle longed to render by the con sciousncss againist which she strove in vain, that between the wonmn and her self tlhere was a something vlwhich not only did sle dare not ipass, but which she dare not even closely approach. Over and over agulin she told herself that it was nonssense-but a dieltsion boern of the swoman's diseased and con science-ltauntted brlin. There was ab solttely niothing to be seen; and why shouild she, a tIheslthy-minded young woanti, sufl'er lherselft to be frighltenedl by the vaiteat air? But in spite of all hier efforts at self-persuasion, she ail lowedt a conisderable spilee to continue to exist bietween herself and the treis bling wretch upon the stairs. Slowly tSlle queer procession adl vanced--the wointan punctuttging, as it were. with her plaintive wailings .every step she took. At last the top was reached. Sihe stood upon the lanIding, clinging to the b:lnisters as .tise gasped for breath. Her figure swayed backward and for ward, in so omninous a fashion that, Illfwa y ui) the staircase, almost in voluhtiarily MadIge stretched out ltier arms to catcth hier if she fell. But she didit not fall-- nor was she allowved much time to recover from her exer tions. "I'm going-if- you'll let me rest -for just one moment. tWhere do you wish me to go?" It seeured as if hier question was an swered, for she gave a shnsdderino movement towvards the wall, and burst into a passion of cries. "No, not there!l Don't mnake me. go into our bedroom!" The command wliesh' had been given her wvas aipparently repeated, for, drawing heself away fromn. thie wall, site went with new aid shudderinsg haste along the passage. I'm - I'm going! Only - have mnerey!? T'The bedroom in front of the' house whs the one wluich was occupied by Ella. It was towavrds this roomn that the wcoman was moving wsith hurried tremulous ' steps. IHer nnwillingness to advance was mnore msarlked than be fore, and yet she sdemed urged by somnethinig which was both in front iandt behlind her, which she was power hIss to resist. They could see she slhuddered as she vwent; and shite ut tered cries, Ilhlf of terror, half of pain. And yet sle advanced with a. deci sion, anid a firmness, and also a rapi dity, which vwas unlitke .anything sithe hitherto hid shossn. Ott tSle threshold of the room she stopped, starting backl, and tlhrowing out hee hiands in front of her. "It's our bedroom, Tom-it's full of gihosts! Don't make me go into the bedrooln !" Biut the propelling force, vwhatever it mITight Ihave been, was beyond hier power to withstand. She gave a sud den, exceeding bittesr cry. Turnmin·g the halidlei, shite flung the door rigdht back upon its hinges. With a peal of laughter, which grated on the ears of those sulso heard a?dmost mores than ianythintg vwhich hlid goine before, she staggeredt into tihe roomi. As she dis •p pe'redi they stoppedil, listeninig, with faces whilch hads suddenly, grown whiter, to tice stranre mierrilient. "Thlis is our' bedroont-vwhere you brougtlt me wihen wse were first niar ried! Why, how mniy years is it since I was hlere? I never thought I should come back to ourt bedroom neve'r!" All at; once there was a clange in ter tone-it note of tearor. The laugh t'r Sled with the dre'dful suddeness with nslhich it hasd come. Ilaveo mercy! I'll do as you wish smc-you know I will; I'll-get your money. Only--[' didn't itow-iyou kept it--ini our bedroom. You didn't use to." So soon as the nlaghter, fading, wuas exchanged for ita.t panic cry, Madge lhurried aifter lher into the room--the others, as ever, lhard uipont her heels. 'Thle womana stood in the centre of the floor, looking about her withli glances of evident bewildherment, is if seelking for somerthing she had been told to look for. She searched in vain. tIer eagerness was pitiful. She looked hIitler and tlither, in every direction, ais if, urged to thd search, she feared, int speechless agony, the penalties of diasobeience. All the whild she kept ,gying shiort, sharp cries of strained and frenazied fear. "I'nm Idoldng! I'm looSking as hard as I can, but-I see nothing! I don't see your moneyl If you'll show me where it is, I'll get it. WVhere is it IHero!." Sihe moved towards the wash-hand stand. which was at the side of the "roeind tl e wasstand?" "l~ehlind thle wansllstand?" Slhe lifted the licee of furniture on one side with a degree of strength of asihich, light thouglll it was, one would not have thiiig4 it Ihat slite was c?apabLle. G(etting behind it, shie placed agatinst the wall her eagerl'. trelliliniiig hand. "Juiji -1" 'iir ilioney isn't, here. 'Dhere's nothin ii' but the wall. Take the liaper oft thel wtall? But-how am I to do it?--\Vitlh mly fingers!-- can't toer oilff wih iy fingers. Don't speali to me like lhat-- l'll try!' With' fevtiish haste she ldragged the aipologies for glovc-s off Iher lquivering hands. Ii iiuit "Where sl:udi 1 tear it off?--lere? Yes, I'll try to tear it off just here." D)ropping on iher knees sihe at.ttacked with her itils t he wall 51 here while she remained in thalt posture, it was about tll' height of her hiead-e.ndeavoLuring to dtrive the cfges thlroughi thile paper, and to pick it off, as children do. But lher attrnlpts were less success ful ilhan arc the efforts of tlhe average ingenious chlild. My fingers are not strong enough, and imy inils are broken-doii't be angry with lie." I can't! Sihe niml(li frantic little dabs at the wall. But. her en'deavoiirs to make an impression onil the paper were without result. It was plain that with her ui assistetd niaisa ie nliigit continue to lprcl at. it in vainl for ever. Madlge turnedl to Mir. (Grahum. "Hlve you " potliet-knife?' Without, a word lie took one from his walistcoat pocket. Not wa?litllng for himi to olt?en it, she tool, it front timu with an action which alimost amonlted to a siatcht. Withl hler ovwni fiingers site opened the largest blhd." Mtaking a large, and under the circtullsilallers cureiols circuit, ill order tC realch hler, leaning over the uash sta:nd, touching the woman onl tilhe shouldter, she held out to hier the knife. Shrinl inug under '31adge's finger, with lIII excelauatioiin she looked rctllund to see who touched hier. 'l'Take this," said taidge. "It's a knife. With its help y.ou'll be better able to' tur tt.he paper off the wall." She took it--witlont a word of thinkts, anld, withi it in her grasp, re turnedt to the attack with energies re newed. "I've got a knife, Tom, l've got a Inife. Nosy I'll get thie piper off quicker-much quicker. I'll soon get to your monrey." Ilut she did not get to it. OihtIle contrary, the proeess of stripping off thle lapex'r did not proceed imluc more rapidlS tlhan before ,eveen with the help of Mr. Graham's knife. It was with the greatest difliculty that she was able to get offl two or lthree, sQlare inuctes. 'The dislppearanie. howevestr, of even this smlls lprtion revealed tihe flact thatc the paperhalnger wvllo had beet reslponsible for putting it into place, instead of stripping off the previous wall covering, as ipaperluungers are supposed to do, ihad beelt content, to save himnself what hle had, perhaps, deemed mlneeessary trouble, to paste this latest covering oni the previous one. 'This formur paiper appeared to have beei of that old-fashioned Iind whilel usedl to be poullar in the par lours of country inns, and such-like plices, land whiich was wont to bt om bellishled witli "pictorial illustra tions." The scraping off, by the wo mani, of'the small fragments of paper whlich she had succeetldedl in removing, showed that the one beneath it seemedl to have been ornamented witih more or less striking represeni:tations of various four-footed aninmals. (On the spare laid bare were figures of what might have been meant for anything; and whiclh, in the light of the last. ? oin Mr. :Ballingall's manuscrip I'obably intended for cals nn With these the wonsan was fumi withl hesitating, awkwsard fingers. "Cat-dog? I don't--I don't under stand, Tom--I see, Toun,-these are the pictures of the cat and dogs. I'm blind, and stupid, andl slow. I ought to have seen at once awhat they were? But-be patient wvith mle. Wich one? Yes. I see-this one.. It's a dog's head, I see it is.-What antm I to do witll it? Press?-Yes, I am pressing. Press harder? Yes, I'll try:. but I'm not very .strong, and I can't piress much harder. HIave mercy! Say you fervive me! but I can't press harder, Taim--I Cant!" S11e could not-so much was plain. Even as the words were pas.sing from her lips, she relinquished pressing altogether. Uttering a little throb bing cry, she turned away from tihe wall, throwing up hier arms with a ges ture of entreaty, and siinking oni to the floor, she lay there still. As she drop prild, that gentle, moclking laugh rang through the startled roonm. CIAPTElI XVIII. ItfADGE APPLIES MORE S?'ltENGTIH Was it inmagination? Or was it fact? Did sonme one or something re ally pass from the, roome, causing in going a little current of air? With startled faces each put to the other an inspoken query. Which nione answeis ed." 'tie womLnt lat y there, motiolless, hier exceeding stillness seeming accen tinted by tihe suddent silence whlich filled the roonm. Bruce Graham, mov ing forward took hier up in Iris arms. as if she were but a feather's weight. His kioife fell from her nerveless fingers. tumbling to the floor with startling cltltter. Maldge picked it up. Hler voice rang out with clareion clear ines1s-thlc voie of a vomnan a wlhose iwhose nerves were tense as tiddle strings. "I'll see if I cannulot press harder. Th wimystery must be solved '.night -before somne of us go mad; 1L press ing will do it, it. shall soon be done if there's strenigtll in me at all." There wais strength in her-and not a little. She went oni her knees where the woman u had been; and, as she had done, fumbled with her fingers where thie paper had been scraped from the wall, peering closely at it, as she did :1o. "A dog 's head, is it?-it doesn't look as if it were a dog's head to me, and that's nol, bclause I'm stupid. It's to be pressed, is it?--Well, if pressing will do it. here's for press ing!" She exerted all her force against tihe point to which thig woman had been directed. "It gives! It gives! - something gives beneath my thumb: it's the ]nob of a spring or sometling--I'm sure of it." Turning, she looked upj at G(raham with Ilaming cheeks and flashing eyes. "Thle spring is sure to be rusty. It will need all your strengtll. Try it agaiin." She tried again. "It tdoes give-it does! But what ever it is supposeil to open is not likely to act now tlhatt the wall hcas been re pilpered. Some onei go and fetch the Ihammuner and the chisel front down stairs-we'll try another way." Shite glanced at Jack, as if intending the suggestion to apply to hlim. lint Ella clung to hisl arm, which perhaips prevented hint from moving with the spee•tl which tmight have been ex pected. "Will no one go?" cried MIadge. "WVhy, thei l'll go myself." laut that, Bruce Graham would not permit. Swiftly depositing his still unconscious burden on Ella's bed, ihe went in search of the required tools, returning almost as soon as hle had gcue. "I think, Miss Brodie, that perlaps you bad bettecr allow me to try my hand. I iamn stronger than you." She gave way to himi unhesitatingly. "Drive the chisel inlo the wall and see if it is hollow." lie did a:s shite bade him. A couple of bIlows putting the lthing beyond a d(onbt. 'Thle chisel disappeared up to tahe I:lt through wthat was evidently hilbt atin oltci shell. Madge continuecd to issue her instructions. "lreak thle wall in! It's no use futubling witfh dogs' hIead in search of hiddlen springs-with us it's a case of the shortelst road's the best. \What ever's inside tlhat wall Ihas been thlere long etiough to excuse usif we're a little neglectfulof ceremonious obuser vauces." In a few mninutes the wall was brok en in, tlhe ancient woodwork offering no resistance to Bruce Graham's vigo rous onslauglht. A cavit.y wi?s nmIade large enoughl to thrust one's Ihead in. .Madge stoplpedl him. "'lThat'll do-for the present! N'ow let's see what there is inside!" Shite went down on eer knees the bet ter to cnable her to see, Grahatir inov ing aside to give her roomn. Shite thrust her fair yo'ng face as far into tie opening as shite could get it-?tly . to discover that shite was obscuring her owni light. Out it came again. "Give me it light-a nmatch, or some thing. It's is darki as pitch in there." Graham gave her a box of matches. Striking one, she introduced it tote what was as the heart of the wall. "There is sonmething in there!" Shte droplped the match. Fortuni tIcly it vent out as it fell. "It's the hidtden fortune!" She gave a gasp. Then in anl in stlant she was on her feet and was has tening towards the.recuimbeint figure on the bed. The woman still lay motionless. Madge, bentding down, caught hter by the shoulder, forgetful of all in her de sire to impiart, the amazing news. "Your lhusband's fortune's in the wall--we've found it there." Something oti the wnoman's face, in iher.utter stillness, seemed to fill hier with new alarm. She called to the others. "Ellal--lr. Graham! Jaclk!' Idr voice sank to a whisper; there was a ca.tching of her breath. "Is she dead?" Thley camne hastening towards ler. Jack Martyn, stopping halfway, look ing rontd, startled them with a fresh i.nltuiry, to which he himself supplied the answer. "Iy G(eorge!-I say!--where's Bual lingall?-Why, he's gone!" CHAPTER XLX. T.HE WOMAN NJ) -IDTHIE [AN. Yes--the woman w'as =E. d. IBallin gall had gone-and thlie: fortune was found. - Put in that way, it was a curious sequence of events. Indeed, put in any way, there could be no doubt about the oddity of the piart which the woman had play1ed. Medical examination clearly show\ed that death lhad come to her from natu rnl causes. She-must, the doctor said, have been within a hand's-breath of death for. at any rate, the last twelve months, HIe declared that every vital orgain was hopelessly diseased. Asked if the inmiltiate cause of death was shock, hle replied that there was no thing whatever in the condlition of the. body which could be regarded as sup porting such a theory. In his opinion, the woman had burned out, like a candle, shich, when it is all consumned. dies. Nothing; in his judgment, could have retarded the inevitable uend; just as there was nothing to suggest thnat it came one instant sooner than might, in the natural course, tlavr been ex pected. T'Ihat was what the doctor said in public, at the coroner's ipquest. He listened to them when, in pri vnte, they told him the strange story of the night's adventure, pironouncing at the conclusion an opinion which cointained in it the essence of all .wis dom, for it might be taken any way. The gist of it was this. Very probalbly for some time before her death, the swoumn had been light-headed. When people are light-hlcaded they suffer from hallucinations. It was quite pos sible. that. in her case, those lhallucina tions had taken the form-literally of her injured hlusbnnd. It was on re eiacrd that hallueinations had taken forli, in sinlilar cases. It was a pier fectly fcasiblc and reasonitabole theory 'lwhich suppesed that the woman, wanm dering, a homeless outcast, in the streets of London, delirious, premoni tions of her approaching dissolution being borne in upon hlier in spite of her delirium, would turn her dying foot steps towards lher onertime home, to which, as her behaviour in forcing hlier self on Madge plainly showed, her thoughts had recently returned. Nor, under the cir.ulnstaraes, Was there anything surprising in her delusion that hter husband had led her there. (To be continued.) 