THE DEATH OF JOSEPH JACKSON. CORONER'S INQUEST. At the Coroner's Court yesterday, be- fore the Deputy Coroner, (Mr. T. F. Quinlan, J.P.) and the jury previously empanelled, the inquiry into the cause of the death of Joseph Jackson, who died from a revolver shot in the head, on 23rd inst., was resumed. Dr. Blackburne deposed to making a post-mortem examination of the body of deceased. There was an irregular wound in front of the left ear, appar- ently caused by a bullet. The revolver appeared to be held close to the head, and could not have been inflicted by a right-handed person. It could have been self-inflicted by a left-handed per- son. It would have been an improbable position to have held the revolver which caused the wound, even assuming that the person had been left-handed, if he inflicted the wound accidentally. Death was due to the bullet wound of the skill and brain. Dr. Haynes said hat on the 23rd ult. he was summoned to 32 Monger-street, when he saw deceased lying on the floor. Deceased had then been dead about 10 or 15 minutes. 'In the left hand was a revolver, lightly held. On that hand and the left groin were smears of blood. On the wall, nearly 12ft. away, were some four or five spots of blood. The muscles were limp. Witness removed tne revolver from deceased's hand. Wit- ness detected then that the hammer was on an empty chamber, and not on an exploded cartridge. The wound was charred with powder, indicating a close discharge of the weapon, about 18 to 24 inches. On Park's bed were several Lee-Metford and revolver cartridges. Five minutes later P. Ianfield arrived. One young man was present, and so de- monstrative that he had to be forcibly removed. If deceased had been left- handed the nature and position of the wound would almost make it impossible to have been self-inflicted. Witness be- lieved that the deceased was standing when the shot was fired. 'Witness was sure that when the deceased fell he was not in the position in which witness found him. Witness believed that Park was intoxicated, and when witness left was fast asleep. If deceased had shot himself with the left hand witness did not think he would have found the re- volver in the position it was. Witness was of opinion that the shot was not fired by deceased. Ellen McLean said that for eight months, deceased had boarded at her house. She had never seen deceased use a knife with his left hand, nor had she heard that he was left-handed. At 9.45 p.m. on the 23rd ult. deceased took his luggage away. He was then sober. Several of those in the house that even- ing talked about ghosts, and the number of deaths that had taken place in the house. Deceased laughed at the idea, and said he would not occupy a room by himself, but would sleep in that with Charles Park. Deceased had no trou- bles. Two months before his death he appeared queer. He used to read "Dead- wood Dicks." Chas. Park, having been duly cau- tioned, said he had known deceased for 10 years. Before 10 p.m. on the 23rd ult. witness and deceased went to the Royal Standard and had three drinks—de- ceased three "butchers" of beer, and witness two of shandy and one of beer. At 6.30 p.m. witness had had a brandy shot. When they went home both were sober. When they went to their room deceased sat on a box, and witness on the bed. They undressed, and threw their clothes on the floor. Both then sat on the bed. Witness opened his box, which contained the revolver and cartridges produced. Deceased saw the revolver, and started to pull the trigger and "mess about" with it. Deceased used his left hand playing cricket. He also used his right hand. Being a painter, he used both hands. Witness could not swear with which hand deceased held the revolver. Dr. Haynes had made a mis- take when he said only one had sat on the bed. Deceased had the revolver in his left hand when he pointed it at the window in the room After pulling the trigger witness produced the Lee-Met- ford cartridges, and said, "These are the boys to tickle 'em." Deceased put one in the revolver. This he took out, and replaced with a revolver cartridge. De- ceased put the revolver to witness's ear, and said, "Put up your hands," and then pulled the trigger. Witness said, "Put it down and don't play coffee stall tricks." Deceased held the revolver in his left hand. He then looked down the revolver and fooled with it. Wit- ness allowed deceased to go on with his tricks. Witness turned round to get some lemons and then heard the revol- ver go off. Witness was sitting on the bed. He looked round, and saw de- ceased fall. When he fell witness rushed at him and got him by the head. Wit- ness saw blood issuing from a wound in deceased's head, and ran in and called his father. Witness did not tell Dr. Haynes that he had tried to stop the bleeding. He may have shaken the body, and had a slight recollection of so doing. Witness left the body in the exact position in which it fell. Witness got blood on him through shaking the body. Witness did not place the re- volver in deceased's hand. Deceased fired the shot which caused the wound in his head. Witness was not drunk. De- ceased was not standing when the shot was fired. The blood on his groin was placed there by deceased. By the jury: Deceased sed his right hand most at h;. fr,,,? : Witness did not knnw why be went to sleep soon after deceased's death. He did not remember seeing the doctor or police at the house that night. By the Coroner: Witness did not turn the body over. Witness could not ac- count for the exploded cartridge being in the next chamber to that on which the hammer was. P.c. 3anfield corroborated the evi- dence of Dr. Haynes on all points ex- cept those of a professional nature. He added that if deceased behaved in the street as he had in the house witness would have arrested him for disorderly conduct. Wm. Park, father of the witness Chas. Park, said that deceased and his son came home after 11 p.m., and went to their room. Witness did not hear them dancing. He heard the clicking of a re- volver for a few minutes. Soon after the clicking there was a report as of a revolver. About a minute after the report witness got out of bed, but not till his son came to him and said, "For God's sake, father, get up; Joe has shot himself." Witness went into the room, and warned those present not to touch the body until the police and doctor ar- rived. Witness had questioned his son Charles who said that the revolver went on when deceased was looking down the barrel. The revolver, according to his son's version, was held by deceased in his left hand. His son had said that he had warned Jackson to take the bullet out, as he was up to circus tricks. Wit- ness's son had said he was trying to get the revolver from deceased, but before he could get it from him the revolver went off. Chas Park, recalled, said that it was not a fact that he had told his father that the revolver had gone off when wit- ness was trying to take it from him after saying. "No circus tricks," when deceased pointed the weapon at witness. Geo. Park, brother of Chas. Park, said he was awakened by the report of the revolver. He heard the sound of the fall, and shortly after heard his brother run to his father's room, and say, 'For God's sake, get up; Joe's shot himself." The jury, after the Deputy Coroner had summed up, retired for 20 minutes. On their return they returned the fol- lowing verdict: "We find that de- ceased came by his death accidentally, from a bullet wound in the skull and brain, caused by the discharge of a re- volver during a struggle with Chas. Park, while both were under the influ- ence of liquor." 