THE HIGH DIVER. .; (BY PEGGY WEBLING.) "sThére's7an unpar'lëd exhibition of í interest ! I ¡ guess 'that's a show to have every drop 'of printers' ink^in the city spilt over it! Say, it's immense !" said Lafayette Potter, for the benéfitof anyone who chose to listen ; then, pushing his faded straw hat to the back of his head, he rubbed his long, lank face with a gandy silk handkerchief. The glaring sunshine of a July afternoon flooded the strip of country where " Potter's World-Famous Bip podrome and Cirque" had pitched its tents. It was on the outskirts of the city of Winnipeg; far in the distance towards the west stretched the long, sloping prairies of Manitoba; the sky was a deep, sapphire blue, flecked with white summer clouds ; a warm wind was blowing, and the j wide road that marked the way to the city was but a dusty, white trail, dotted with "rigs." ... Winnipeg was what is called "a week stand," and as ' it . was the afternoon of the last day, the arrangements were as complete (to quote Potter himself) "as human ingenuity - and unbounded furore could make'em !" The side-shows were in full blast, each one under the care of a "professor," whose duty it was to describe his particular attraction in strident tones, collect the dimes, start the cheering, and talk incessantly. Every " professor" wore his hat at an extreme angle on the side of his head, discarded his coat and collar, and smoked the strongest of big cigars. There were highly-colored posters everywhere, in which Potter was represented, surrounded by alli- gators,.lions, and tigers, holding a " man - devouring Siberian blood- hound" by the collar one side, and clasping the hand pf a "South Sea Island savage, just imported," on the other. But certainly the most attractive printing was devoted to advertising "BeHerophon, Champion High'Diver of the World. The extraordinary \- Man-fish, direct from London, Eng-, land." Indeed, it was his perform- ance .which was eliciting such admiration from Lafayette Potter. The straggling little, knots of _^people were collected in one spot to a considerable crowd. A rough wooden platform had been erected round the big tank which was popularly supposed, to be the Man-fish's abode. On one side there was a light, scaffolding reaching about twelve or fifteen feet, and supporting a thick pole, which\ was notched on alternate sides í¡o enable a man to climb aloft. .Near the top was another {>latform, a mere foothold as it ooked to the people below, and standing on this, his lithe, muscular figure, like a fine silhouette against the glowing sky, was BeHerophon, about to dive. He was standing at ease, hands clasped lightly, and all his weight thrown on to one foot. The- dark head, the clearly cut outline of the splendid neck and Shoulders, the curve of every muscle from, the full chest to the springy foot, the strength and beauty of the whole man,'made it a moment of intense 'excitement-before the bow was strung. . . Every face was upturned, but the expression of one girl, who had (quietly pressed her way to the front, was almost gainful in its earnestness. It was only the second time in her \--life that| Eileen Bogers was in. the whirling pleasure of a real circus. She unconsciously copied the slight swaying movement of Bellerophon, but herhanda were so tightly locked together that the small knuckles were ^ wählte ; a sense of freedom (little djid the severe household of Bogers suspect where she had gone) gave a flush to her cheek, and an absorbing amazement and admira- tion of the diver made her tremble from head to foot. She hung on his every movement; she. longed and dreaded to see him spring from the little platform; she could have ' --watched him for hours. Suddenly he looked down, every muscle became \- tense, his body bent like a bow, and then like an arrow, shot into the air. , There was a buzz in the crowd, but Eileen only stayed to see him jump out olfrthe tank and bow from the side IJefolp ste elbowed her way through tie people, just as Lafayette Pottet; wm holding forth on the div- ing chkmBon's feats. At SrsÄEileen turned her back délibérât Jr on the tents, but after a few stßpg^jhe hesitated and glanced over her ¿houlder. It was only three days ago ' that the rainbow-coloured postei-g Árst lured her to Potter's World Mauous Hippodrome. The musicj anB the lights, the gay cos- tume* ai|d the garish novelty had completev fascinated the simple- minded, impressionable girl. " OB, ïçàihxw ! I must go right home*'said .Eileen to herself, for on her first visit she had accidentally fallen in with the high diver, and in somefcmysterious way ten minutes had slipped into two hours. Eileen had been watching the lady snake charmer; the high diver had volun- teered some information about the terrible ipobrï (a tame reptile in private life, aaharmless as a garden hose), air! theUittle friendship com- menced oik the kost instructive lines. So it was «hat Sileen paused now, a smile crepé ovei her face; then she carelessly I wancsred away in the direction op the Jady snake-charmer. In tney|ean^lme Potter was chat- ting witBa few of his men, in the shade offte pf the tents. " Was'Äre'jever anything as karn and peacSil iiS tihis?" said he, point- ing acrosf tho prairie. "Say! If there was IÉ¿¿ dolUar under the can- vas this A|fcfc^^Jherewas five hundred -^^^^^^^ÊÊÊÊÊ Climb^^^^^^^^^^b down¿ tfiM»J^^^^^^^^^^^^Mad- in J changej^^^^^^^^^^^^^utnM ¿lí^ingrout^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H thing of the man-fish about Bellerc Ehon. He was tall and squarely uilt, with an irregular, clean-shaven face, tanned and wrinkled, especially about the large flexible mouth and dark eyes. "Say, what's yer hustle, Belly ruffin ?" asked the " Greek Hercules," lighting a cigarette. " I never seen a tank ar-teest yet as wasn't darned unsociable," ob- served the "Austrian lion-tamer" in a soft New England twang. "Tin not unsociable, boys," said Bellerophon, smiling, " but I want to get a look at the world before the sun goes down. Say, Tm sick of saw- dust !" He turned out of the tent as he spoke, and at once started in the direction of the lady snake-charmer. " Bellerophon is as close as a clam," said the lion-tamer. "Wal, he's an Englishman, an' I'm told they usually are as close, as clams. He sorter hankers - after change," said Potter, shaking his head over the high diver, who was very different from the other mem- bers of the troop. Australia had first drawn him from the~old country; but five years of hard work and reckless living had left him as poor as when he first ran away from his English home. . Then he drifted to America; attracted for the time being by the thought of booming cities" and ready fortunes. He had served in the Canadian mounted police, represented a soap factory "on the road," "run" an estate agency in British Columbia, edi^d^ and printed a newspaper at one time, and hauled , lumber in Ontario, at another-in short, Bel lerophon's experiences were so diverse that he could hardly realise his own pleasure as he hurried towards the place where he knew Eileen Bogers would be waiting to meet him. Strange that this little girl, whom he had only seen twice, should make the born wanderer inclined to throw down his knapsack and turn his face from the King's highway. Bellerophon was very anxious for her sweet companionship. But even then he smiled just a little to him- self-how much had the daring divé and the Man-fish's glittering golden costume to do with ner admiration ? The great prairie sun was dipping towards the horizon, and the even- ing wind scampered over the rolling country, as Bellerophon and Eileen Bogers still lingered on the outskirts of the fast dispersing crowd. Bellero Ehon had found out her name, and eard enough of her home to make him understand the enormity of her courage in stealing these eventful days. " Do you regret them ? Come, tell me the truth,' he said, gaily. / " Honest ' Injin' ?" she asked, with a half-troubled look into his face. "Yes." " Then I do-a little." The answer surprised Bellerophon; but that pretty earnestness was half her charm. He stooped just a little nearer, and lowered his voice : " Will you tell me why ?" Jt Eilëen looked at him steadily and thoughtfully. " Well, I guess you feel like laugh- ing at me." "No, no! Why should you think that?" M Why, I've been telling all sorts of things to a stranger." "Ah! that is justa little cruel of you, isn't it ? Come, is it my fault that I was never in Winnipeg before? i But now that I am here "-he looked away from her over the great stretch of country-"do you think I feel like a mere stranger? No, I have crowded such pleasure, such heart- felt happiness into these last few days that I feel like a wanderer who has come home at last." "Is that so?" was all Eileen answered. "Yes," said BeUerr|phon, "I can hardly realise that I (im really in the same dull old world. * ' One crowded hour-,' but you won't know that. To think that a few minutes from us here is a pompous little city, and we are on the prairies." " Say, you couldn't get to Winni Eeg in a few minutes ; it takes quite alf an hour,"; said Eileen gravely. " You dea.- little girl !" Bellero- phon exclaimed, " I shall be guilty of writing poems on western scenery if I don't look out. Must you go ? Really? Really? I wonder when we shall meet again, i The Winnipeg girl, under the influ- ence of the time and the mood, lingered still. " I guess you'll soon forget me," she said. r ~- - "No!" said Bellerophon, "for I intend to pitch my tent in your prairie city." " Oh, is the circus going to stop ?" exclaimed Eileen, flushing. " I meant my own particular, little canvas. " Say, do you mean that ? " " Wait and see ! " Bellerophon answered. He glanced over his shoulder, nobody was watching them, and he ventured to bend and kiss her hand. Eileen murmured " Good-bye ! " Then he would have kissed her hand again, but she pulled it from him and hurried away on the dusty trail, with only one long backward look. . '. \ Bellerophon ttirust both-l_harids deep into his pockets, ground one heel into the soft earth, and mut- tered to himself, "Now, I wondei what will happen next?" As if in answer to his question a hand was laid on his shoulder and an Englisl voice exclaimed: "By George Stevenson!" He wheeled round on hearing his real name-unknown to the World's Famous Hippodrome-and instantly recognised the face of the speaker. " Why, it's the ghost of Wallj Maddox ! " said Bellerophon, shaking his friend by both bands with enougl heartiness to make the pale, thii young Englishman wince. "Little Walter Maddox of tb MWhyjÄ haven' clearJ^Hut of th s "The fact is, Steve, I am tin the look-out for a job, and it was quite a chance I saw you at all. Why on earth do you call yourself 'Belle- rophon?' And where .on earth did you pick up your present profes- sion?" "Only temporary, my boy; I'm going to switch off high-diving and settle down in Winnipeg." " Bah ! " said Maddox with a con- temptuous laugh. " You're a born vagabond-I know you ! If I hadn't been a fool myself, I should be doing well in Winnipeg now," he contin- ued. "I was only clerking, Steve, but there's always the chance of an opportunity if a man can just hold on." While he was , speaking, Belle rophon's quick eye had taken in every point of his friend's appear- ance. ' . "See here, Wal, you've been left pretty badly, eh?" "It's simply beastly, Steve!'' the young man answered, with a blink of his eyelids. " I put my money into a tour of Spry Tucker's. He seemed such an awfully" clever chap. Ever met him?" "Oh, yes," said Bellerophon, with his thoughts wandering to that little Winnipeg girl who so admired the high-diver. "Goon." "We were to work our way towards the eastern States," con- tinued Maddox. " I was a consum- mate idiot, I know that. At first he dropped on me for an occasional loan, then it was footing the hotel bills, thei Spaying the fares- oh, you know the"usual tricks !" "Could work 'em myself to-mor- row," said Bellerophon airily. " But why and how did you get back to Winnipeg?" The color .came into, young Maddox's thin face. Linking his arm in his friend's, he answered quietly : ' "Of course, You'll think I'm awfully foolish, but there's a girl in Winnipeg who is all the world to me. Fact is, I really threw up my work here for her sake, because Tucker held out such hopes of i making money quickly. I promised ' to write and tell her everything, but I haven't had the heart. Her name ¡ is Eileen Bogers, Steve, and she is so beautiful ! So good ! So gentle ! " Bellerophon turned his eyes from Maddox, and silently beat his foot on the ground. "But now," Walter continued, "] see no chance for me but to get on the road again with a show. What else can I do?" . "My dear Wal, you are not built that way ! You are too good foi this precious World's Hippodrome, at all events." " You have succeeded yourself in it, nevertheless ! " said Maddox, with some warmth. > "1? Oh, I'm a born wanderer, you know. ' Ya chemineau chemine. But you-no ; Wal, stay where yow are, dear boy, and marry the gentle little girl who loves you." "It's easy to talk about marrying but I haven't a dollar in the world." Bellerophon made no reply; he gulled off his hat for the warm reeze to blow more freely through his hair, and so stood, with his dart brows drawn together, for several quiet minutes. Maddox at last, witt an impatient gesture, held out his hand. "There! I'm going hack. Wh) should I bother you ? What; do yoi care, you lucky fellow?" : . Bellerophon, suddenly shaking of his serious mood, laid both hands 01 the boy's shoulders, and answered firmly : " Wal, you shall stay in Winnipeg It was midnight when the friend: parted. Maddox, with renewed hopi and determination in his face, looke< just a little anxiously at the high diver.. "Now I shall be able to hold on, he said, "and make a fresh start but can you really spare it, Steve ?" " Well, I should smile !" said Belle rophon, as if the eighty dollars h had pressed on his friend were th merest ti ¡fie, instead of his whol fortune. "But don't you forget work ! Get at it and stick at it ! Ni more fooling !" "I promise you that!" sai Maddox ; then, with a smile tha contradicted his words, " I'm afrai Eileen may have met some othe fellow." "Nonsense!" said Bellerophoi "But if she has, and the othe fellow is out of the way-consol her ! Gooct-bye once more ! " Maddox ' clasped his hand warmly "Good-bye, Steve. TU pay yo back every cent. But I won attempt to thank you!" " It's all right, Walter," said th high-diver. " Take care of yoursel dear boy, and of her ! " As Bellerophon turned his fae towards the dim and solitary spc where the outlines of the Hippi drome living tents were black again: the sky, his eyes roamed over tl wide prairies stretching, like a qui« sea,' towards the west. His lone! figure was the only moving thing c the long and dreary trail. Once 1 turned and looked towards the cit} there were a few lights in the fi distance, and he could see Walt« Maddox swinging towards thei with a light and rapid step. The Bellerophon, the high-diver, sight heavily, and slowly, slowly made h way to the poor and cheerless teni -M.A.P. - 