Ipiteraitnx MARY ELWYN'S SECRET. By ALAN ST. AU'BYN, Author of. 'A Fellow of Trinity,' &c.; CPublished by sp2Cial arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAFrER I. ine -Jiev. Amorose luwyn was introduced to the. Rector of Beeston-Royal through the columns -of a religious newspaper. \- The rector: had advertised for a curate and Mr. Ehvyn had replied to his adver tisement. He had replied from the Chan nel Islands, consequently his aipplication for the vacanlt post was' 'received a da-- later -than the letters from, other appli cants, to -which was attached the magni ficent stipend of one hundred and fifty ? pounds a year. The letter from Mr. Ehvyn arrived while ?_!_ _ ? i ? ? . _ii. ' T ? !_£_ _». ? J ?! ? j ? .1 lue lector was a-i/ ureaiMiasj, uuu ut lurneu it absently over between ihis finger and thumb. When 'lie had made himself mas ter of its contents, 'W:liat are you twirling that letter about in that ridiculous way for, Bob?' his wife 'enquired sharply across ifche breakfast-table. She was so accustomed to being consulted about everything con ? nected with the parish that she resented the least apparent 'hesitation. The rector glanced mildly at his wife across the cups and saucers and the toast slhe ihad just 'buttered for him; he had no idea that 'he was twirling 'the 'letter about in an unusual way and he had no intention of hesitating. Tie nature of the contents o'f -tfhe letter had puzzled Mm, and he had pushed up. his glasses and was twirling it unconsciously between : 'his finger and thumb. ? He was a .mild, round-faced little man, with a 'bald Ihead and, a remarkably benign countenance. '. 'I 'beg your pardon, my dear,', he said, smiling at 'his wife's remonstrance — he felt it was a remonstrance, he ought to have ? iianded the letter to her five minutes ago —'?this is really.- such .-a remarkable offer —that — that I don't know what to thin'k about it.' 'I don't.ihink it at all remarkable,' Mrs. Bob said, when she had finished reading the letter, 'I think Mr. Ehvyn is just the bind of man you want.' The rector took off his glasses and put them down beside his plate. 'I don't . know 'how I should get on with a man of his age,' he expostulated mildly, '1 have never tried a middle-aged curate before; —and— and Mr. Ehvyn, a richer man than I am, 'he will be more like the squire of .the .parish than the curate.' ; -'Nonsense' Bbti! ?:? ? It 'will '?fee a great ??comfort to nave 'a .middle-aged man that ' you- cain depend upon. Think wha't trouble Jfcuese ybjmg curates ?have' given' you! That Billy' fellow, ' Jones/1 who -was- always falling ? in lover aM.^inipipn/who' would never ? taTce'the '^rbu'biei'boi prepare a decent ser ? nip-V'4nLd;-C6llin8, Sv'h'o'ty-en't'jiwayin debt!1 't am'sur^litfVill^e^.i'elief^Kave a' man (Copyright in the United States of America by ? 8, T. Picrce-i you can depend upon. It will be a great t'hing 'for the pa-rim having a wealthy inan living here with a wife and family. They will spend money in 'the place and we shall have some society. We've seen nobody since. the Graylings went away.' . Still .the-.Tectjor shook 'his head. '?'There is not a house in the parisfti big emoitgh for.lum.- Kelly's Cottage wouldn't do,- even- if the adjoining house were knocked 'into it.' He talks of wanting grounds, and' stables, and the use of a carriage; and' accommodation for four or five servants.' 'There is' Fawley Court; the Graylings williiot bebcck'fbr-ahother year, and they will- be glad to let it.' _. ' The- rector .whisblefl. ? :t 'It is, -rather a big. order,' he snjd with a sinile-^he didn't, often' talk slang and he said, it in an -apologetic way — 'for the curate to Hye at the court -and be^the great man1 of the' parish. I^dbn'f.know how it will work: 1-shall never be;able to order him about, I shall always be calling him Sir Giles.' ... . ? . '?'??:?? 'Nonsense, Bob! you-ll'sooti get used to it, and I'm -sure, from his letter, you'li get on- with Mr. Elwyn. There's no pretence about his letter. He says he, wants work, he's tired of doing nothing, and the work of a quiet country parish would jusft suit him.- What more could you ask? I think you- should close with 'him at once, y-Ju'H'iiever .gdt such an; offer again.' The' rector of Beestoh-Koyal took hid ?wife's advice and- dosed with Mr. Elwyn's offer. He. wrote to him by'the next post and gave him the address o€ Sir Giles Grayling'jB-:agent. Sir Giles was the squire of the ; rparisji and lived at the great house that iei^s, known- as the Court. He was .abrpjadr'ipiow. $i*e his wife's health: lie haft been-.ab/pad^all; the winter and the 'house' ^d.'b^en^sHjit-aip.-It (had been advertised ';tb4«t-iurnisiifed, %ut- no one iiad otfereu to -^akifeafc -^r&re;^as -'nothing at Beeston sJfoj^S' -fo .'. Wtibi^idfc' -' people to - the place. irTh^re^was; not'Si'-pa'cfc -o|0ound's- near, and 5iSt3ier,:1;-he;^it)6'tinff \apfjt~he fishing were first-rate; , -not; ^ood ^nougli to attract spopb9in_en to. the .neighborhood; Fawlej Court Kid nothing to offer but a wide, ill-, kept'park-. and spacious rfooms, full of old fashioned furniture. Sir Gliles belonged ' *o an old county family and though his rent-rol had de creased j'ear by j'ear, his old family place lrttd^been kept up, and the Court was full of precious heirlooms, the. accumulation of generations of ?Graj'lings. -'????' It was a ridiculous -place for a curate, but if ' 'Mr.' Ehvyn 'were a ricih man and could afford to pay for it there was noth ing to Ue Said about it. It ?w'as tig busi ness, not anyone else's. . . j The former curates of Beestoh-Royal had been content to occupy a neat, what*1 washed cottage at the end of the village. The furnishing of that cottage and th« wages of an aid' woman to; look after it and the maintenance of that modest house hold had been as much-:— quite ' as much— as the other -curates could- jnanage out' of the slender stipend; one of them had not been able to manage even that, but hacl gone away in debt.' ' Sir Giles's agent was delighted to get so good an offer for the' Court, and he let it, on the rector's' recommendation, for a term of three years, Mr. Ehvyn agreeing to take on the servants that were -left, and having the use of the liorses and carnages. The negotiations were short and easy; Mr. Ehvyn was a. rich man; he raised no objections on the score of expense; he tigreed to everything. - Mrs.. Brown, th« rector's wife, was in a flutter until he ar rived. She looked upon it as -:quite a god send to 'have a rich .-resident squire curate. No one had ever heard. of such a thing. Mr. Elwyn and hie belongings arrived at Ea-wley Court within a fortnight of tttae appearance of that advertisement in 'The Guardian.' He did-not bring -a great diea] ?of luggage with him, considering the size of the party, and he brought no servants, not even a lady's maid. There were five children and a foreign governess, Who could -not speak one word of English. Mrs. Brown called upon the new curate and 3iis wife the day they arrived, and .-proffered every kind of help in the way. of domestics from her awn household until the servants could be engaged. She couldn't do enough for them. She had not been so ready to supply the deficiencies of the late curate's household, Brown remeiabered, when he had arrived, late on' a Saturday night, en cumbered with an invalid wife and ihalf a dozen small children. Mrs. Brown came back from that ? first visit fu'll of the newcomers. Mrs. Ehvyn was a Charming -woman, gentle ana sott spoken, without a bit of pride or uppish ness, and the eldest girl was lovely! She didn't say much, Brown remarked, about ibhe new curate; but she raved about his wife and children. A grown-up girl,' ?named Mary— she called her Mary from the first — a younger girl in the schoolroom, a couple of boys, and a. small child in tile ??charge : of the governess; It -was a big party, the rector observed, 'to travel with out 'servants, nurses, or ladies' niaide, and if was much easier to get well trained servants in the Channel Islands than in sucli an out-of-the-way place as Bee^ton Royal. _, 'Oh! you haven't seen Mary Elwyn. yex, Bob,' the rector's wife remarked in hei superior way. 'She manages everything, she is a host 'in herself!' The rector saw Mary the nest day; she came 'over to thank Mrs. Brown, for the offer of 'her cook, which that dear woman had p'ressed upon the curate's wife, without considering, without'giving a single thought, to poor Brown's dinners and' his wretched digestion. , ' . ' ^ , . Alary Ehvyn justified all tne good things that Mrs. Brown had sadd .about her. A. tall, fair girl, raMiei- slender, with a sweet, grave face, and ;a sad-*kmed voice. She* was. quite unlike -anything- that the rector had pictured in his mind of his curate's belongings. 'Mamma has engaged a woman from the village to help,' she explained— she had only come over to talk about the servants. 'We shall' do very well until Mr. Powell can. send us over some servants from ?*' 'I 'should ' have thought he could have found some nearer than- Staun ton; there are some very good girls in the village,' the rector said—he always stood up i'oT his own people — 'there is Jessie Rust, who' lived housemaid at the Court for three years; I should have thought she would have suited exactly; and Miles, the keeper, has a girl that .would ha ye done in the. kitchen.' , , , ' 'Mamma would rather not have servants from the village,' Mary Elwyn said, blush ing suddenly under her fair skin, blushing more', than 'the occasion demanded. 'She thinks they will 'be always gossiping:- she prefers having them from a distaiice. -.'.' There was nothing more, to be said. Mrs. El-wjjd had a right to chdose.jher pwn, ser vants. She had no difficulty ;in getting 'as many'- as she needed; sli.e 'offered higher wages tlian ha'd ever been given in the neigliborhbiod'. ' Mrs. Brown was not sorry, after all, that she had not engaged any Bee ston girls. She would Ihave quite spoilt t'hem for any o'ther service with those ridiculous, unheard-of wages. - The new curate and his wife formed the chief topic of conversation at the rectory during the next week. Everybody in the place 'was loud, in their praises of the timid, soft-spoken lady and the sweet-faced, gentle girl, but few, very few of his new neighbors were impressed wfbh the curate himself. A man of middle age, with sandy hair, worn rather long, and a large beard (for tihe fashion of the timn. The bsavd was sandy, jnatiiiing the hair and eyebrows, which were of unusual length and thick ness, and nearly met over a pair oE curious light-blue' eyes. The Rev. Ambrose Elwyn was not an attractive man; his forehead was low and receding and the lower part of the face was heavy and, well, not re fined, and there -was a shifty look in his blue eyes which did not impress a stranger favorably; He was a short man, thick set and muscular, with round, stooping shoulders and an awkward gait. He was not exactly the man the Rector of Beeston Royal would have selected for a curate if he had had the choice, or rather if he had insisted on a personal interview before the matter was settled. It was useless now to regret the haste with which he hnd jumped at Mr. Elwyn's offer. The fault, if any, 'was poor eld Brown's, who wad always led aKvay-by his wife, and now that ?everything was settled there was nothing to be done but to make the best of it. Mrs. Brown was disappointed too, though she would not have owned it for the world. She was afraid, she was secretly afraid, that Robert had made a mistake. The firtt Sunday that 'the new cuvate took 'the service at the parish church Mrs. Brown/altered her mind. The rector was taking the duty at Rose-Ash, a ham let somp. two miles distant, that was served by the 'incumbent of - Beeston-Royal. It was tMs additional charge that rendered the assistance of! a curate necessary. ,The rector weht to Rose- Ash the first Sunday; if the truth must be told he was ra'tter afraid to ask Mr. Elwyn to preach in the little mission chapel on tha't first occasion1; when he, came back in the even ing, he w'as met with wonderful accounts ofnis new curate. 'There has never been such a reader in St. Andrew's before!' Mrs. Brown declar ed, when her husband, who had been walk inig that two miles in a pouring rain, had divested hintself of .his damp overcoat and his welt %oo'ts, end was sitting down to a welcome cup of tea, 'and his manner is bo devotional and ' impressive; and his 'Amens' are lovely!' she said with rap ture. The rector was a little hurt, he had rather prided himself on.iiis 'Amens,' am3 no one had ever called them 'lovely.' 'How /about the sermon?' he asked moodily. : 'Oh, the sermon was splendid! There has never been 'such preaching at Bees ton.' This was rather hard on poor old Brown, and from the wife of 'his bosom! The congregation were quite as loud in their praises of the new curate as Mrs. Brown, and they too talked about his 'Amens.' ? Brown had worked himself up iiito quite a fever of expectation by the time the Wednesday night service came', when Mr. Elwyn was to preach. He hadn't courage, after all the, talk in the parish about devotional reading, to offer to do more 'than read the lessons. There: was no doubt tha't Mr. Elwyn's reading of the service was impressive; and ?Ms 'Amens' were fine in .their way. He paused, Brown observed, (before approach ing them, on the threshold, as it' were, to give them greater effect, and ushered them in with a striking preliniinar3r, 'Ah — h — men!' . . . . And his sermon — Well, the only fault Brown could find with it was that it was too tall. It was quite beyond the congregation; it was a. little beyond him. (His Ga-ace t«e Archbishop of Canter bury might have preached it, ibut it was a 'trifle above the heads df a village congre gation. Brown would have ventured, a remon strance and suggested some simpler dis courses, more within the comprehension of the agricultural mind, but he was stopped at the outset by the unanimous verdict of the parish. There had never been such sermons; there never had been such a reader! Brown had 1been preaching old-fashioned, prac tical sermons in simple homely language for so' many years, under t'Jie conviction that he was better understood, and he had been mistaken all the while. There was no longer ghastly pillars and empty pews to preach to at the week-night services, and on Sundays xhe church was crowded. to the doors: people 'from adjoin ing parishes came flocking over to hear the new preacher. Mr. Ehvyn took the con gregation by '.' dtonn ; it was the 'Amens,' Brown used, to say, that did it; lne new curate did not appear to s-uch advantage in his parochial visits as in the pulpit. There' is no room for ? oratory at a poor hearth or by 'a sick bed. He had a ner vous, restless manner out of 'the pulpit that did not encourage confidence or pro mise sympathy. Hence people seh'c for the rector 'when- they were ill and came to Iveai1 his curate when they go't better. At the end of a month Brown .acknow ledged that., lie had no fault to find wfrli Mr.. Elwyn in. the discharge of his duty. He was always at his post, never a minute late, whether at the parish church or at the distant hamlet, Rose-Ash— he user) to drive there in the squire's carriage, which he had taken off with the house— always ready witk his .impressive v.oice and his ine sermons, and those fetching Ainens.' At' St. Andrew's he wore an Oxiord M.A. hood (a new one, that made Brown's old 'Cambridge iiood, which his wife 'had relined so' many times, look shabbier than ever), but in the 'vestry at Rose-Ash lie kep't'an old Dublin hood liwed with blue silk. When Brown asked for an explana tion he, informed him that he was a mem ber of both universities and that he wore either hood at will. CHAPTER II. The style of living of the new curate of Beeston-Royal caused a good deal of re mark in the neighborhood. Mr. Ehvyn filled Fawley 'Court with guests and in vited the county to his dinner parties. He was reputoij to have an excellent cook awd a splendid cellar of wine^ Brown and his-wife went to dine at:thfe court on one. of these occasions 'and met a dozen of the .best. 'people in the neighborhood, but' ttiougV'tiie cooking Was 'excellent and llie witie faultless the dinner party was not ausjiccessi.: ?:. ? -:' . : . Tlie table, was literally blazing with sil-' ?KJjr' (3yir.:-E!w$Ti wai using: .th'e fine old Qiieen Anrie- pjate that had belonged to Sir Giles'j5.:?aHnly.-..for generations), ttnd the old tjlueiscaie;. Worcester dessert sferrfce' of' wliiclrSir-eil^snvias-so-jiistly fireud.'-' ? Sir. Elwyn1 tV&s; a generous host; but 'he- was''nb't' by vaiiy' means a delightful oh-'e-.-'; His manner was hurried and nervous, and there was a curious restlessness in kii eyes 'that Brown had remarked before, but never so much as on that particular night. Mrs. Elwyn was shy and timid and ill at ease; and the eldest girl had a strained harassed look on her white face that took all the beauty and youthfulness out of it. There was a death's head at the feast some where, and it was a relief to the guests to rise- up from the dinner table and fol low the ladies into t'he drawing-room. The rector got up among the first and left Mr. Elwyn stil! at the table, drmkiug, he thought, somewhat deeply. The draw ing-room of Fawley Court was a delightful place. A long, low room, with cabinets against the wall, full of rare old china and bric-a-brac; a happy 'hunting ground for connoisseurs. Brown knew it well and had passed many delightful hour9 examin ing the treasures it contained. He was something of a connoisseur himself and had a humble collection of o]d china of his own at the rectory, and it was an ever new delight to him to rove not exactly from flower to flower, but from cabinet to cabinet, to examine the quite priceless 'treasures that were collected there. He was standing be'fore one of the cabinets with- 'hia spectacles on 'his nose when the men came up from the dining room;- cne of the guests happened to ad dress him while he was thus engaged, but he was so intent upon the piece of china that he had in his hand that he did not pay any heed to him. He was looking tor a mart on an early Chelsea figure; there were the usual three dark spots be neath the figure, the marks of the tripod upon which the piece had been baked, but there was 110 little red anchor visible; Brown was sure 'that there was a mark somewhere. 'It i- of no use Speaking to my hus band when he is looking at old china,' Mrs. Brown said laughingly; 'it is too ab sorbing a subject for him to have eyes or ears for anything else.' 'Is he an authority upon old china?' asked the new curate somewhat thickly; no't at all in the voice in which he uttered those impressive 'Amens.' 'Oh; a great authority. He is infallible, I believe.' And then Mr. Elwyn and iSome of the guests came over 'co the cabinet before wlwch Brown was standing. ? 'By Jove!' he exclaimed, as they came up, 'here it is!' And there it was, sure enough, not the red anchor that Brown had been looking for, but a raised white anchor, the earliest and rarest mark of old Chelsea. The an chor was not underneath, but among the scroll work, on the. base of the figure; an oval white medallionj with a raised an chor impressed. Everybody crowded round to lock, at it. It was a distincttriumph to have discovered it, and then Brown'-'lqsf his head, as he al ways did, when talking about old china, and suffered himself £o be drawn ad libi tum. He could not lose 'die opportunity of airing his knowledge. He seldom got a chance of airing it at Beeston — and he gave quite a lecture to an appreciative audience upon the 'beauty and rarity o'f the specimens around him. 'I hope They are not of much value,' said Mr. Ehvyn, in a voice o'f concern, when the rector had finished his discourse. 'Value!' Brown repeated, 't'hey are quite priceless! Why, 'that vase over there is worth, five hundred guineas at least!' The cm-ate w'as visibly agitated. 'My dear,' he Eaid- in 'his thick unsteady voice, a'd'di-esang 'his wife, 'tltose vases ghould be put away; I- should: not like to run the' risk of.theiir being broken.' It was quite a natural wish, but Brown intercepted a startled glance from lihe eldest girl, who- was balking to one of tihe guests; to her mother, wh'o was among some ladias at the ?oth'er end of tlhe room: it was but a flash of intelligence — or fear — oa- bo'th', but $b left her face colorless. And thlen Brown, at his curate's instiga tion, went through t'lie cabinets, just as if he were a licensed appraiser, suffering him self to be led ro-und the rooms, abtoichiing a value to all 'the important specimens of cJhinia, w*hlile his host looked eagerly on. He -wasn't at all thick an hiis speech now. Brown's 'astonishing revelations of value had quite sobered 'him, bu!t all the While he was going round in that ridiculous, way the eldest gill, who dt-ood aloof from the party, followed 'him wibh a strained appeal ing look in her eyes. And then, being inflated Witlh the im portance thait his superior knowledge gave him in the eyes of 'the eourfty people, the redfeor told ibis pet story of an incident th'ait h&d; 'hlappened in his own family about eonfe famous vases. . 'My grelaJt-uncle,' lite began, looking round a'fc fchje a&seni-;'bled guebts, as if he were delivering a dioeounste from the pul pit, 'had succeeded 'to a living in the West coun'try, and the executors of the former vjciair nvadte 'him an offer of the furniture of the house, as it stood, at a valuation. My uncle was a ?baabeh-r, and having no furniture of his own ;he wtos glad to accept the offer, especially as, the furniture being old. foshiioined, the va3uafcion was n low one. He held t'lie living fifty years, and a't iiis d'ea'tfh. hlaving meanwhile married and had. a family, 'the isettlemenlt of his poor esffcalte devolved up.c-n his eldest son, a. struggling professional man, with a 'large family and small nicians. He 'had Come d'own from London to his father's funeral, and lie stayed to arrange matters with the agent for ilh'e nexit vkar, who was 'tlhen unmar ried, and was willing to take over the fur liii'ture of tlhe vicarage as it stood, or as much of it as the family cared to sell. My cousin had tlhe original inventory in hfs hand 'when he wenlt over the house with tho agent (lie 'had found it among his father's papers), and he had checked it off wiiili tlhe agent's vnluatifons. They had reached 'the dining-room and wore stand ing befoi-e 'the mantelpiece on wlii'ch were t\vt- big blue vases that my cousin remem bered Us long as he could remember any thing. ' 'You will not .sell tlicse?' said theage.ni., tapping them -with a stump of -black lead pencil. 'Something in bis tone, or his tap, ar rested my cousin's attention. He had never seen anything in the vases before. He didn't see anything ?particular in .them now. He referred to the entry in the in ventory which he held in his hand before he answered the question. 'The 'writing wa.s yellow with age and the vases were not specially mentioned. The entry in the inventory described them as 'chimney., ornaments,' and they were valued at ten shillings — and there was a clock thrown in. ' 'No— o,' said my cousin lookang up, 'M. will not sell these.' 'The blue vases were packed mid sent to London, with, a great deal of rubbish that was no value to anybody. They travelled quite safely up to town, owing, I heard, to their being stuffed with- my uncle's old sermons. ?-???? ' . ?? ??- ? MMy cousin caJied'- oa-a Jew broljSjR a few days after, ihis'.- return- to town and asked/hie api&£oir--of ? the ??? vases. The Jew looked them oyeiy. turned - -them up, and as he did so my cousin saw his eyes sparkle. He put tlicm down quickly, and. traed to look indifferent, but he could not keep his eyes from srvarkling. ' 'I tell you vat I will do,' he said, 1 vill give you five 'pounds for them, just to get them out of your way; they are too me for this leetle Iiouse.' 'My cousin was a poor man and would ibaye jumped at the offer but for .that, ?twinkle in the fellow's eyes. t ' 'No,' ihe said, 'thank you! I would rather keep them.' ' 'I vill give you ten pounds,' said the Jew, and he began to fumble in his pocket for 'the money. ' 'Thanks, but I don't want to sell them/ said my cousin. ' 'I vill give you twenty pounds for them,' persisted the Jew. 'If the man had only worn colored spec tacles my cousin would have accepted the money; but the fellow's eyes were spark ling so, that again he hesitated and shook his head. ' 'J'ilty pounds!' said the Jew eagerly, and hi began to count 'out with trembling firgeis some dirty, crumpled Bank of Eng land notes. If it hadn't been i'or that twinkle in. his eyes my cousin would have accepted his oiler— would have jumped at it. ' 'I have already told you I don' t want 'to sell the vases,' he said, turning resolutely away strain' the tempting roll of notes. ' 'One hundred pounds!' pleaded the Jenv. He really pleaded, and his eyts wera full of tsars when my cousin refused hia oil'er. !. 'When the Jew was gone my cousin turned the vases up himself and what he saw there, it' he had known -my filing what ever about china, would have made his eyea sparkle too. 'A gold anchor on each! 'They were old Chelsea vases, with a deep blue ground and painted with mytho logical subjects. My cousin sent bhem to Christies' and 'they realised three thousand pounds!' ' r i 'I wish you hadn't told that story about the Chelsea vases, Bob,' the rector's wile said regretiully as they walked home in the moonlight. ' i ''Why not, my dear,' the rector asked in an injured voice. 'It was a true story, and I think I told it capitally. (I can tell a etory after dinner.) Did you see how interested they all were? You could have 'heard- a pin drop.' -?-' 'Yes,' said his wife with a sigh, 'they were interested certainly, but you should have seen Mr. Elwyn's eyes, they glittered exactly like the Jew broker's eyes you de scribed. Oh, it was dreadful!' She shivered and took Brown's arm and they walked back to the rectory in silence. CHAPTER III. The morning after old Brown's foolish triumph Mr. lvhvyn came over to the rec tory and asked to see him for a few. minutes alone. He had come over to ask 4'or the amount of his first quarter's stipend1 — which not due for another month. He ' was called up to town on business, he explained, and he hacl not yet received his remittances from abroad. , Brown did not receive his tithes in ad vance, he did not, in fact, receive them for mon'tlis after thev .fell due, neverthe less he managed to let Mr. Elwyn, who Was profuse hi his thanks, have the money. 'It is very strange for such a rich mail to be so hard un for money,'- the rec tor's wi'fe remarked rather sharply when he told her the object of Mr. Elwyn's visit. 'My dear,' Brown said in a tone of^mild reproof, 'we are all liable to run out ol ready money. CMr. Elwyn has had a great many callson him lateJy in settling in a ne\y house.' 'He has not paid them it' he has,' said his wi'/e severely. 'He is in debt all over the village already.' 'He is going up to town on business, my dear; probably to receive his remittances,' Brown suggested mildly. He always put the best construction on things. 'Whatever the business was that tool: the curate up to tov--n. he took a packing case of considerable dimensions, ni addi tion to his portmanteau, up with him. The 'rector had 'been paying a visit at tha further end of the parish on the road to Beeston junction, and as he stood at the door of a cottage the Fawley carriage, with the big packing-case on top, drove by. ? ? Mr. Elwyn returned from town in tim( for duty the following Sunday— he leli the packing-case behind, Brown observed— and his' 'Amens' were more impressive tban ever. The reetpr and his wife went to no mora dinner parties at the Court; his inter course with his wealthy curate's family waa restricted henceforth to tennis parties, and occasional afternoon tea. Mrs. Elwyn had a nervous, constrained 'manner; she did not get on at all with the rector's wife; she never seemed quite at ease amid her new, surroundings. 'I'm sure her husband is a pei'fect Blue beard/' Mrs. Brawn remarked one day when she had been calling at 'the Court, 'I nevei' sa'w a woman- so absolutely frightened of a man in my life. I am sure there is a cupboard with an ugly secret in it in tha't house, and thnt poor, broken-spirited creature has got the key. By the way, Bob, 'those blue vases you were talking about are not on the mantel piece of the dmwing-room.' 'I should thimc not!' the rector an swered. 'Elwyn, if he is a wise man, has locked them away. I should be very sorry to have them on my mantelpiece. Those careless servants o'f his might break them any day.' Mr. Elwin did not give his servants thn opportunity of breaking the beautiful old c-hina belonging to F:\wley Court. He had it all locked away, he explained to Brown the next time he called and was looking round the room as if lie missed something; ho had put it away in a place of safety directly he was aware of its value; even: the china in the cabinets he had removed and stored away with the rest, and somtf trumpery ornaments of no value were put in its place. . . , ,. The rector did not care to .vim the dis mantled room when all his old friends were. S01ie- ' There was a teapot in a corner which Mr. Ehvyn, he noticed one day he called, had overlooked. A delightful old Worces ter teapot, and he greeted it with a little. nod o'f recognition. 'Is it of any value? Mr. Ehvyn asked, following the direction of his eyes. Brown hesitated a moment; he did-n t want it to 'be put away out of his sigat with the rest. j ? 'It is Worcester/' he said. J 'Old?' ' ? 'Y— e— s; decidedly old.' ; 'The next time he went to the Oourt tae. te.Tpot wa« gone. Mr Elwyn, as 'we have before remarked, wa.s not good at visiting, but his daughte* wade up for' it. She was very active in the narWJi and did. a great deal of work in the school's; and. she vw.as an unwearied sick' , visitor. .?iitereptor.aised.ta callzher his lay curate;' iE''iseeiiTed' 'to 'him tilia't- Mary Ehvyn could never do enoaigh in 'tflie parish. It woulcj have been unkind *to say 1&a;'t tibe was w-t f\ f*\ /** really fond of the work, that she did it under constraint, actuated by some con scientious motive. The .rector -would not Siave said it for the worid, but Due 'had his own opinion; he could bpt have believed that a mere aense of -duty would have urged a girl to such unremitting labor. But .the strange thing about it was that, -die did not seem to get any1 encouragement at home.; . . ' f Her father used to speak of 'her as 'my ?Quixotic daughter;' and Mils. Jjflwyn : seemed uneasy and distressed when any reference was made to Mary's labors ia the parish. . . 'She will make a capital clergyman's ? 'wife,' the rector said 'bo her fatiher one day, when they happened to come across iMary in tine village. The curate smiled and Hooked after his 'daughter's retreating figure. 'I don't tihink Mary Trill marry a clergyman,' he said significantly. 'She will probably go *o India.' And Mien. -ke fold Brown tfaafc a son of ione of his county neighbors, who had re cently returned from India on leave, had asked his permission to pay Ms addresses \- to has daughter. 'And you?' Brown enquired hastily: he f'W We young man well and could not nave washed him a better wife. 'I? Oh, I gave him. permission, to take Ins chance. It would be a very good match tor Mary— and sihe would go to- India ' Brown repeated this conversation to his fWife directly lite got home. She smiled and Shook her head. 'It is not going to work an the usual way,' Brown remarked 'I fiuppose times have changed since I went Courting. I know I asked you first, Jenny, land your fatfher after.' «'suuy, Jnx'Jh^iL STn^ and siehed' M sae re tailed those faivoff days, and an unaccount able moisture gathered in her ildnid blawr ?She had never regretted the promise she made to (her father's curate so long ago Her eyes had -not shed many tears since Wiait neverwto-be-forgotten day, and old iirown got up hastily from ibis chair and Kissed away tfhe tear before it had time to fall, and his wife of forty years blusa ed like a girl again. ''He had asked Mary first, Bob; and she bad refused him— and^-and «&e; loves him dearly; Mrs. Brown said with a little' eaten an her voice. She had not refused Brown when he ask ner so Jong ago. She had touched no spring of far-off memory to cause that sus pcious catdh in her voice. 'Why did she refuse him?' he asked bluntly. 'Oh! Bob, you are so matter of fact '—a girl's a girl — — .' 'And doesn't know her own Trying.?' 'Yes, Mary Efovyn- knows her own jmtid;' !his wife saad sadlv. She wae very fond of the girl and they had been thrown a good deal together lately in their parish ?work, -but he did not know she was Mary Elwyn's confidante. 'She is very fond of Kenneth Forbes. She could not help .being fond of him; Sie is a splendid fellow! JBut she has some ineaeon. of her own, I am sure an 'honorable one, for refusing him. I'm afraid; it's con nected witlh that dreadful Blue beard cup fcoard.' 'It was scarcely the thing for Forbes Ito go to her father after the girl refused fiiim.' 'Olh! yes it was, under the eircum tebanees. I am to blame if any one is,' Mrs. Brown said hastily. 'I knew Mary 3oved him, and it was an excellent 'match for her, and I told him to go.' i. 'You! Oh, Jenny!' \ The rector was not at all surprised af ter (this confession' of his wife's to hear it formally announced tQjat Mary Elwyn was engaged to marry Kenneth Forbes, but ihe could not understand the girl looking so unhappy when he offered her his congratu lations. He was sure tihat she had accepted her Bover unwillingly, that she had been coer ced into the engageniemt, and (he told his .wife so when he got home. 'I am afraid she has,' she admitted rabhie*' reluctantly. 'But. yon see, Bob, it will be the best thing lor her, I know fihe loves him — and it wil be a very good match— and she wall go to India ? . j And she will go to Indja! ' '''That was exactly what her father ihad Eaid, as if going to India, for a girl, were Equivalent to, well, going to heaven!' 'It wouldn't foe to most prls, Bob; but It would be to Mary, pow girl! It would fee going away from that uncongenial home ?—at would be leaving behind' lier that Idreadful Bluebeard cupboard.' The emgagemenit was to be a very short tone. Kenneth Forbes' leave was nearly ex pired and preparations for the wedding (were (hurried on. The trousseau was on a most Bberal scale. Its ?magnificence far . exceeded anjithinjr that the rector's wife had. ever seen. She could not help smil ring as she compared it with her own bumble trousseau -tiha!b ihad done such splendid du'ty itjb.ro.ugii all iihefie forty years. . There was eome of it in existence sta!l. ' In spite of all these grand preparations, the bride-elect ?went about 'the village with a white, frightened: face, looking sadder and saddier as the wedding-day approach ed. She did mot seem, to take tike slight est interest in her beautiful (tihings; she bated to talk about them. 'Mrs. Brown was in the house when the Hvedding dress came ihome, and the dress maker from a neighboring .town came over .with it. It required' a greait deal of per; Buasion to induce Mary to put on the dreaded garment, and whan she had got it on and was crowned witlh. the wreath and .veil, and her mother ledher before the glass to see -tihe effect, instead of blush ? ing and smiling iback afe itihe lovely ainage reflected in it, as a bridie-elecfc is supposed to do, «/he turned away from it witth a shudder aind broke down, in an- (hysterical Jit of weeping. There was nothing to be Sdone 'but -bo drag off the wedding finery and rout everybody out of the room as guickly «a possible. Hysterical people say such ridiculous 'things. It is never safe to let strangers listen to ifcheir ravings. Quickly as Mrs. Brown had been, hurried S.way, she caught a few incoherent words hat tihe girl poured out in her frenzy. She Eras imploring Kenneth JJ'orbes to release er from iher engagement, and Mrs. Brown ioaugbt, or tihought she caughfb, some wild jwords aboob bringing sorrow and shame topon him. .She made up her mind as she hurried ifome, ft lilbtle ugae't and flustered ait this unexpected ?fcernxinatkm of Ilier visit, that e'life wouldn't say a word tlo lier husband about wfcolt she had overheard: he wouldn't understand Hiiaib it was merely the non eense of (in hysterical girl; he would at tach some serious iinpor.taii.ee to it. Be pides, wha.t could 'eonrow' and 'shjanie' hove to do wfitili Mary Blwyn? Mi-s. Bno-wn -was uneasy about the girl fell dav: she had an idtea thait sflie wae iiullied alt home, buiMed end sat u]xmi: but she couldn't understand why she should! bivsak d'own and utter all that nonsense jvthiea dhe put oa hee wedding gown. It ouglht to have been a supreme moment. It is a supreme .moment 'to mtost girls. After tea she went up to the court to enquire after Many Mwyn. . It wais a lovely June evening and dhe 'took the ^hoirt cut across Hhfe fields and tllirpugh tlhe Shrub bery, instead pf goiing by~ 1iLe road and through the lodge gates as she was accus tomed to do when she miade -a formal call. She readied the middle of the silinibbery, w'liich at iliis time of the year was densely wooded, the trees were m lull leaf, and. there was a thick undergrowth of fern; the place had been neglected and let run wild during tihe squire's absence, and nolthing had been done to it since Mr. Ehvjii canie. Mrs. Brown, 'had to pu^h tiie boughs aside to pass, and the undergrowth wae so thick and tangled with fern and brambles that Soe missed bhe pa'fli. She was 'turning back to retrace 'her sleeps when 'the Bound of voices arrested her. The voices were quite near, within a few yards, but the speakers were hddden from her by a thick spreading ihed®e of yew: she knew tihe voices in a moment. It was Mary Elwyn and her lover. The girl was spetaking in. an agitated voice: she was begging Kemieitfti to release her from 'her engagement, to pu/t off 'the wedding. 'My darling,' he was saying, 'ihow can you ask such a thing? Is it possible, after all tfhat j^ou do not love me, Mary?' There was an ache in tihe manly voice that Mrs. Brown could not help catching, and tflie girl was weeping. It was dread fully embarralssing for the rector's wife; she did not know whether to make her presence known, wr to steal silently away. While she was still hesitating the voices drew nearer; she could have touched the speaker if the hedge had not been be tween. 'It is not that, Kenneth,' Mary wae saying, **0h, if you only knew! I can not tell you the reason now; you will know the reason some day— why I wish the wedding put off. Many people put off their weddings at the last moment; it is no unusual thing. I wonit you to go to my father and tell him you wish to put it off — for — for the present— -for a year at least — ' 'You want me to go back to India with out you?' the young man said reproach folly, ''How can you ask me such a thing, Mary?' 'Because I love you, Kenneth; if I did no't love you, I would not ask this of you,' she eaid earnestly. .'Oh, believe me, this is no whim, no caprice of mine— there is a reason — a good reasom — ' the girl shiver ed as she spoke, she could mot keep her voice steady. 'Qan you not tell me the reason — can you not trust me, Mary?' he said hoarse ly. 'There should be no secrets between us.' 'It is not my secret,' she said, with a moan. 'Believe me, it is not my secret, Kenneth; it is not mine to tell. I can only ask you to trust me — ' She was wringing her hands and weep ing, and her lover was bending over her. Mrs. Brown could not have stirred an inch if she would. She stood rooted to the spot. 'If it is not your secret, I will not ask you to tell it,' he said gravely. 'And-- and — of courtee I will trust you! I am not going to let this secret of some one else's come between us and spoil our lives. It is because I love you, Mary — love you — and trust you— that I am going to carry you away from this place, and we will leave the secret behind us. I swear to you, whatever it may be, it shall never come between my love and you!' Mrs. Brown could not hear what Mary answered; perhaps she made no further resistance; the footsteps of the lovers re treated in the direction of the house, and she crept back through ithe tangled path by the way she came. She did not go up to the court to make enquiries; 6he had learnt all she came to know; no, not all; she had not learnt Mary Elwyn's secret. It was quite prepostoous, she told her self, for the sirl to expect her lover to give her up. What man in his senses who loved a girl would give her up because she could not share with him a secret that was not her own to tell? CHAPTER IV. Mary Elwyn was not well enough to take her place in the Sunday-school the follow ing morning, which happened 'to be Sun day, and she did not come to church dur ins Ohe day. Her banns were called for the third time that day and tihe wedding was 'to take place early in the week. When Mr. Elwyn came back that night from talcing the (Sunday evening duty at Rose-Ash he found his household thrown in'to confusion. Mary had run away. It was all over the village the next morn ing. She had left her home while the family were at church in the morning and had not since returned. -She had been 'seen hurrying alow? the road in the direction of Beeston Junction, and the station master there remembered a lady answering her description, taking a ticket by the afternoon mail for a sfca'tion some thirty miles distant, and there all traces of her ceased. 'Mrs. Brown went over to the court at once, directty she heard 'the news, to see Mrs. Elwyn, but she only saw her maid, who said her mistress was too ill to sea anyone; and consequently she came home very hot and angry. 'I believe that Bluebeard cupboard is at the bottom of it!' she said to her hus band with quite unusual warmtJi. 'The poor girl has not run away from her lover; she has run aiway from some cruel family secret that she could bear no longer.' Mr. Elwyn bore his daughter's dis pearance more calmly than any one would have supposed. 'Mary was always seM w'illed,' he explained, and she was averse to the marriage from the first. There was a previous attachment, which we hoped she had got over. She has .been very un happy since her engagement to poor Forbes, (fretting, I'm afraid, for her old lover, and she has gone away to escape marrying a man she does not love.' This was all the explanation that was ever given of Mary El'wyn's disappearance; and there were no efforts made to follow her. She had found an asylum, it was stated, with a distant relative of her mother's. It was not the place of the bridegroom-elect to follow his recalcitrant bride when this story of tflie former lover got about, so Forbes packed up his things and went to India a week earlier than he had intended. But before he went tie came to say good bye to Mrs. Brown, who had stood his friend an through the piece. 'Don't you believe that cruel story about an old lover,' she said to him at parting. 'Mary has a cause for unh'appiness that we know nothing about. She is the best and truest girl in the world. She has gone away because s^e loves you.' It was not many weeks after Mary jiil wyn's disappearance that business called the rector ujj to town, and on the way, at Beeston Junction, he met (his curate, who was going up by the same train. Mr. El wyn. had his sou with iiim, a lad of four teen, and between them they were carrying across the .rails a big black' portmanteau, '.there were plenty or porters about the station, and one of them came up to him and offered to carry the bag; but he sent the man oif with a bundle of wraps, which were no weight at all. The bag was evidently heavy; the lad, who held one of the 'handles, tottered be neath the weight and stopped in the middle of the line to rest. Brown hurried across the rails to offer his assistance, and as he came up to him unexpectedly in the permanent way Mr. Elwyn started back in affright, as if he had seen a ghost, and dropped the bag on the line. '1 never saw a man so panic-stricken in my life,' T.own told his wife, when re peating the incident to her later on. 'Let me help you,' said Brown good naturedly. There was no time for further greetings, for the train was in sight, and every one was shouting to them from the platform to look out. '?No, no, thank you,' Mr. Elwyn said hurriedly, 'we can manage it very well. Come along, Arthur.' Brown pushed the boy aside, there was not a minute to lose, and took hold of the handle of the bag. But he was not .at all prepared for its weight; he fairly staggered under it, and when he reached the plat form and the train rushed by, the per spiration stood out in great beads on his forehead. 'Whatever could that bag contain? Brown asked himself Uhat question all ^xe way. up to London. There were few things of that bulk thiait could weigh so heavily; only metal, indeed. Was Elwyn returning tlhe wedding pre senlts? He had not come back by the end of tihe week, and on the Saturday evening, quite late, a letter was sent to tiie rectory from his wife, asking Brown to fill her husband's place the next day, as lie was unexpectedly ^detained in town. A few days la'ber,. while Mr. Elwyn still delayed Ihis relturn, news re&chekl; the rec tory that Sir Giles Fawley and his family were coming home. They 'had gone abroad for several years and they were coming back quite unexpectedly. The curate would 'have 'to look out for another house and 'aiitotlier cure— for, if 'the trutih -must be told, a growing dislike and suspd'cron of hdm (had been in Brown's mind, for some 'time post. He could nidt redoneile those fine 'Amens ' and tlhe stirring sermons with a general reluctance on the part of Mr. lElwyn to pay his debits, wihicli had been made painfully evident since (the aban doned wedding. But a few days later, more startling news reached the rectory: the 'bailiffs were at Ohe Court. ' ' The news spread like wildfire tJurougih the village -and every little tradesman m the place crowded up to tlhe greait bouse with 'his bffl. Sir. Elwyn, had n«ifc returned and his wife was confinled to her room. The poor woman was too terrified and overwhieilmed with 'this calamity to see anyone. She wrote a very piteous note to Brown, begging him 'to lelt her ihave a few po-undt, as her husJband had left- her without any mowey in the house. He had only paid Elwyn his quarterly stipend a few days before tie went away, 'but he sent the poor woman a five-pound note and begged her to communicate with her husband immediately. No doulbt she did so, for the next thing he heard was that she and the children had gone away. The bailiffs has stopped the luggage, but they had let the weeping woman and her children go. The luggage left behind was all that really belonged to Mr. Elwyn. The furni ture-^and the plate— and the china, the beautiful old ohina— belonged to the squire. Brown telegraphed at once to Sir Giles's lawyer in town to come down with out delay. He came down by the next train. Brown never could be 'persuaded to tell the sequel of the miserable story. It is best tdld briefly. When Sir Giles's lawyer went through the house, the plate safe— the lock of whic-h had been forced — was found empty! And all the beautiful old china was gone! Brown's wretched egotistical story had aroused the miseraible man's greed; his wife had read aright the revelation of the cupidity it had awakened in his glittering eyes aright. The humiliation of poor Brown during tliat terrible time was dreadful. His wife declared tbat he went grey in a week. No wonder. It was he who had brought Mr. Elwyn to Beestqn-Eoyal. It was he who gave his old friend, Sir Giles, confi dence to let his family place, w'thitsprice less heirlooms, to his wealthy curate — and it was he who had helped him to carry them away! The bag that Brown had assisted to cany, at the .risk of his life and with the sweat of his brow, contained his old friend's family plate! There was very little left for the bailiffs to distrain upon. Xhe poor girl's trous seau—a collection of M.A. hoods of diffe rent universities — and some volumes of printed sermons by eminent divines. Brown had looked through these by acci dent and recognised .many of Dhe affect ing discourses that had been preached from his pulpit. A. 'warrant was issued for Ehvynfa ap prehension, but he had already left the country -a week before the miserable de nouement. Let tha onrtaaB fall. The actors have all, like Macbeth's witches, suddenly dis appeared. The earth tath bubbles, bb the water has, And they are of them.— Whither are they banish, ed? But tihey were not all bubV.es. Months after Mrs. Drown heard by accident Ifliat Mary Elwyn was employed as a nurse in a London hospital. Of course she found her out without delay— and, of course, she wrote to her lover tfliat she had run away from in that unreasonable — she al waya insists upon calliiig it, that honorable — way, and told him her story, and the story of tihat Bluebeard cupboard, of which the unhappy girl had' the key. The days of Quixotism are not quite over. Kenmietlh Forbes -came home from India on leave the following year; and tliis time he took a wife back with him. 'You were quite right,' he wrote to Mra. Brown on the eve of the wedding. 'If Mary loved moo she had no alternative but to rum away.' Next Week— THE FORK OF THE ROAD, By. Grace M. Gallaher. For the past quarter of a century there has been one continuous flour of letters bearing testimony to the truly wonderful cures effected by CLAHKH'S WORLD-FAMED BLOOD MIXTURE, 'the finest blood purifier that science and medi cal skiiriiare brought to light. Sufferers from Scrofula, Scurvy, Eczema, Bad Leers, Skin and Blood Diseases, Pimples, and Sorea of any kiud ere solicited to give it a trial to test its value. Sold everj'where at 2s. 9d. per bottle. Beware ol worthless Imitations and substitutes. pxDOo 