PRESBYTERIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY. THE QUESTION OF UNION. The session of the General Assembly of the Pres- byterian Church was continued at St. Stephen's Church yesterday, the Moderator (the Rev. J. C. Macdonald, M.A.) being in the chair. THE SUSTENTATION FUND. Mr. John Kirkland presented the report of the sustentation fund committee for the year 1899. It stated that there had been a steady advance in the stipend fund of the Church. The previous year there was an increase of £531 6s 5d, as compared with 1897 ; last year there was an increase of £1115 17s 5d, as compared with 1898. As almost all the additional amount came under the heading of " Amount received from congregations," it was gratifying to find that the people, as prosperity re- turned recognised it to be a privilege to contribute more generously towards the support of those who ministered to them in spiritual things. The capital account had been increased by £25, a legacy by the late Mr. Alex Dick making the amount held by the treasurership committee £7878 8s 9d. in addition to the bequest of the late Mr. Berry, amounting to £30,000, which remained in the hands of the execu- tors, and on which they pay interest at the rate of 4 per cent. Nine congregations had contributed aid during the year to the extent of £230 5s, being an increase of £47 16s 5d over last year ; but only nine congregations gave any aid at all ; 25 congregations should contribute, for the total aid expected was £625, instead of the sum of £230 which was received. Including interest from capital fund and aid re- ceived from congregations, the sum of £1242 13s had been distributed among 87 ministers on the principle of the inverse ratio—that is, that they who needed aid most get most. The average distributed amounted to £14 5s 8d. the highest aid given being £20, the lowest £2 12s 6d. The number of charges in full operation throughout the year was 121, and the total amount paid in stipends, including supple- ments, was £30,086 19s 2d, an average of £248 13s, and if the annual rental value of manses, as assessed by the assembly, were added, the average was brought up to £277 10s, as against an average similarly adjusted last year of £263 11s 6d. Several charges throughout the year have increased the stipends formerly paid. The report was received. CHURCH UNION. The house went into committee, and resumed the consideration in detail of clause 4 of the report of the committee on intercourse with other churches pre- sented on the previous day, which read as follows :— " Any minority consisting of at least one-fifth of the congregations of the whole Church, protesting against a change of the basis of union, and deter- mining to adhere to it, may retain their property in their own churches, manses, and glebes, provided that in each of the congregations protesting three- fifths of the members on the communion roll declare, by a certified document, and within three months after the adoption of the proposal to change, that they cannot acquiesce in it, but are resolved to con- tinue their connection with the Church, adhering to the basis of union." The Rev. W. M. Dill Macky took the chair. At the previous session the Rev. Dr. Clouston's motion, " That clause 4 be retained in the bases of union," was debated as a substantive motion, and the same rule was again followed. The Rev. John Auld fluid he was in no way con- nected with the " drag" party that had been re- ferred to on the previous day, for he was of a pro- gressive temperament. Yet he objected to what were but formal charges, and desired the inclusion of clause 4. Drastic changes required considerable periods of time to elapse before they could be brought about, and such changes should be recorded only as they matured. If in the face of a 40 per cent. minority the Church was going to formulate a new creed there should be some provision for a " drag " on the wheels of progress of the kind such as that supplied by clause 4. The Rev. John Burgess said that those who sup- ported the inclusion of clause 4 on the ground that it was a " brake " upon the wheels of questionable ' progress " forgot that the brake might he an in- different one, and do more damage than good. The clause required many emendations before it could be accepted. Mr. J. A. Aitken, who is the law agent of the Church, said the clause was objectionable, and would not have the effect of helping to establish the basis of union. The question was not one of mere property rights, but of far higher principles, for which they were endeavouring to bring about union ; and he thought there were objectionable features in the clause which later on might beget trouble. Minorities were already amply provided for in the basis of union, and he trusted that the Church here would take up the position of putting the other Churches right with regard to this question. Mr. W Affleck, M.L.A., held the opinion that clauses 3, 4, and 5 should be sent down to the Presbyteries again for further consideration. There was absolutely no guarantee that the Vic- torian would not require further alterations, as had occurred on a previous occasion. Therefore he thought they might as well send the clauses down. The Rev. J. Meiklejohn expressed the hope that the assembly would not be led away by so-called requests for concessions from the Victorian Churches, for they had only been made by a minority. For about seven years he had been fighting the battle of the majority in the Victorian assembly, and he held that the creed of the united Churches should not be framed by one, but by the united Churches. In his view clause 4 should not be rejected, unless strong reasons were adduced for such action. (Hear, hear.) The clause could not be called a Vic- torian " fad," for New South Wales was well represented at the meeting of the federal assembly which passed it, and it should not be struck out idly, for if they did so they were coming to a decision quite contrary to the wishes of the best friends of the Church. And also the clause should be accepted for the reason that it had been accepted cordially by the Queensland Church, and there was no question as to what would be the case in the Tas- mania Church. Dr. Scott, of that Church, had ex- pressed his sincere hope that the clause would be re- tained. Similarly with regard to the South Aus- tralian Church. In Victoria the Presbyterians and the sessions had adopted the scheme, including this clause. Of course to some members the clause was objectionable, but practically the Victorian Church entirely approved of the scheme. The Victorian Church could not go back upon itself in this matter, for it was composed of men of honour. (Hear, hear.) The rejection of the fourth clause would mean delay in regard to federation. Moreover the clause was harmless, for it would never come into operation. The Church would surely not proceed to make an alteration in its creed if there was one-fifth of the congregation opposing it. As a matter of fact, the clause was a fair and reasonable one, and although he looked askance at it at first he had come to believe in it, and he was now convinced that the Church would make a great mistake if it was rejected. It was fair that reasonable minorities should be protected, and it had seemed to them that a one-fifth minority should have power to retain its property. (Hear, hear.) The clause would enable those who wished for some change in the creed of their Church to go forward with that Church. It would also facilitate the passing of a bill through the Vic- torian Parliament. He maintained that it was the minority who were the schismatics rather than the minority. The rejection of the clause would mean pain and sorrow and disappointment not only to the Victorian Church, but also to the other three Churches, and would possibly lead to a total collapse of the proposal for union. On the other hand, if it were adopted it meant a speedy consummation of the union. (Applause.) Dr. Rentoul thought Mr. Meiklejohn had over- stated the case he had put. He (the speaker) had been in touch with a great number of the Victorian members of Parliament, and he had failed to find anyone who favoured the clause. Again, it was a mistake to say that the reaction of the clause would mean pain to the other Churches and delay in the consummation of union. It was absolutely certain that it would have to be sent down to the congrega- tions, and delay must necessarily take place in any case. He maintained that the old creed which made Christ more visible was sufficient for any human soul, and that was the creed of the Bible of the living God ; no change in the Church could affect that, and he could be quite content with it. (Applause.) It was absolute nonsense to speak of this fourth clause as an anchor or drag or brake or safeguard to the conservatives, for it might come down as a terrible repression upon them. Mr. Meiklejohn had said that the rejection of the clause would mean a de- cision against their best friends, but that was not the case. Mr. MacEachern, who was the champion of conservatism, had told him that it would be well for the Church if all the three clauses were cut out. Further, several gentlemen had told him that if the fourth clause were retained they would go with him (the speaker) to Parliament to protest against the scheme. In Victoria the scheme was ac- cepted as a whole, but the majority of the people were opposed to clause 4. If Mr. Meiklejohn would agree to let the clause go, he was certain the people of Vic- toria would let it go, and thank God for it. (Laughter.) Could not the Churches trust Christ and His mighty influence for good ? They should have no more of the dead weight around the neck of Presbyterianism. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Meiklejohn had said that clause 4 would not inplicate property more than clauses 3 or 5 ; but the greatest equity lawyer in Victoria had stated that if that clause were retained the entire scene would be interpreted through it. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion, he earnestly begged the assembly to complete the noble work of Dr. Steel and Dr. Nish by casting out clause 4. If they did so, within a year they would have a union worthy of the name ; but he trusted that would not launch the ship with such a " torpedo " clause on board. (Continued applause.) The Rev. John Harrison said he would get away at once from the troubles that had arisen in Victoria, for that colony seemed to be the storm- centre of all these difficulties. (Laughter.) He had recently visited Queensland and was satisfied that the people there were unanimously and solidly favourable to union, and to the fourth clause. It was not property that the minorities wanted, but justice— (hear, hear)—and they said they would not go into this union unless they had provisions safeguarding them. He therefore pleaded that they be not cast forth by the strength of a ruthless majority when they only asked for justice. (Hear, hear). The Rev. Dr. MacInnes paid the last speaker and those who thought with him for endeavouring to forget fetters binding upon those who were to come in the future. It seemed they were trying to save the people from the perils of the future, forgetful that the Holy Ghost would be alive in the future and as powerful then as now. (Applause.) It was claimed that the clause in question was one of justice, but he maintained that it contained at least seven injustices, and it would, he believed, be pro- vocative of schisms and secessions. (Hear, hear.) He trusted the general assembly would accept the offer of the Victorian Church. On a vote being taken, the clause was rejected by 60 votes to 35. The Rev. G. D. Buchanan gave notice that he would move that clauses III. and V. be also deleted. HOME MISSION COMMITTEE. The following gentlemen were elected as the home mission committee :—The Rev. John Ferguson, Rev. W. M. Dill Macky, Rev. J. Auld, and the Rev. Dr. Bruce (convener). 