To Un- rMitor. Sir,-I HUM innirrntuhilo Mr. A. H. Toiiipson «iii Imvinii signed Iii« mime ti) Iiis comuiiinicniinii which yon puhlisîi thin ?norning. In view of your inlier correspon- dents who liiile themselves lieliind the hedge nf anonymity, il is a refreshing dis- play of nuirai courage. In replying to Mr. Toiiipson, however. ] may say timi I «lo not inlniil hoing " hoist with my own petard." My altitude in the matti')' is peiieclly COJISÍKIUII.1. I wrole lo tihe press upon the suiiji^'l sivnie time iifjo wi 11ii the iilijeirl of getting the dillicultv with the Queensland Turf (tub nemoveil. 1 be lievisl ilii'ii. as 1 iH'lieve now. that the embargo w liieh this diiiicully lavs upon rueing fruin Hie Main Hange to thc coast in Hie ('rimal Divi.-iim is the ehief cause «if i!.- ile:-.:v. ll appeared lo nu', as it still apivurs lo me. that as the IJuivin-lauil Turf <'lnb Coi'iiuiliec would not give way. and (h.; Í i'.ir:i- nc!icu ill disjue.Iifvin*.:' horse:, in.in lukin;.; parí Jl lin ir meetings dimply liii- aiisc 1',(?>? vaiv-rl under (Viitial rules was un iniringenicni ot' the liberty ot the sullied. iii.il thee sliouhl lie compelled through I',;.' action of l'nrli-.imeul lo cUini nnte (hal cause of lü.siimijühriiion /rom the pei.al clause* o! their i-aiintitutiiiii. Tile letiev yon have i.-pn.iinc. ,| ul Mr. Tiüii'p-oi! . ic.pi.','.. was o proposal lo ihe Cinlriil ^iMiciiitiiiii to lake action to liiin;'; Him', rcnli al.'ail. This Iclln- -.v.c bajulicd ii>:.t,iil and 1'ii.illy pigeon holed, lt'; iii-lioi! ci ¡HIV hind IK'^II'I inken. am! 1 linnell Mr. Toih|.>i'lI l's nu: ci ll.-'-ious ol' 71\. Ill' !i:is ;!,¡,!|1,.,-<| l,y (IKenf t (li|;-r (his let- ter :i vciy rim,.'/ ;.-liiii..i,y iii -;.p;.r:| of ny contention thal'tile Association lins proved itself tu lie un unmitigated (hough elegant failure. Let inc assure Mr. Toinp son here that anything I have writ ten hus. nut been intended lo relloot upon thc Asso- ciation's Secretory. No comments of mine luve iudivUlmil application ; they aie di- rected Mjlely to I he imilllfwiiiojit results ol thc combino linn, and lo the question raised in tho public interest in thc broadest -ejisc. ll is not my rule 1o t»ko notice of anony inciis lorrcspuudents. lint I am tempted to ii.ako un exception in this oa-A. One w.mid lliink. judginc by thc space you ih vo-tc Io haters of "the'kind, that there \vrve oolite a munW'r w ho were opposed to my line of conduct instead of liping con- fined, ns they ure. |.o II few slate pensioners í. rid sleek loalvrs. The identity of " K..I.C.'' is as char as thc lines of" thc pi «.I «Hice i-lnek. This gentleman since I 1 felt it to bi' my linty to publicly deuouiice .is worthless un institution of which lie a ii nicuilHir hus been thirsting- for my blood, and will not be mitisHeil until he has nude u ghost of me. Ni«' conduct, is H. not. l'or a gentleman who nsnuncs and dis- charges judicial functions in this racing court. ? Would it not be uioiv woilliy ol' his Ixmslcd intellectual strength to show .Killie reasons or grounds for di- agreeing w ith and compelling nie lo withdraw my accusa- tions ? lt he will c-oiuo out iniVo the open I shall lie prepared to take or give a lilcruiy thrashiiii!. "Veritas" is really delightful, so much so that 1 ie.-l really dUap|>oiiitctl af being compelled m trc.nl ' bis letter brielly. To (lisprove my statement thal lire meeting ,i' the Li iciilniiil'l Hotel was a "drunken <-!'g\," Ile ciles the ninnes of some of Hie he-1. in the. sense of quantity, drinking I'H'ii I have ever met. lt is really very funny. Then, nguiu, fancy writing .' Ven- turi " under the recital of as gross n string of falsehoods as could be crowded together iii KO small a space. He is more comical I han Munchausen, und appears stolidly un ooiMciuus of his great gift*. Hut " Athelstane " is Uie liest fun of all. Xo one would write in the strain bc adopts did be not. think he himself was thc mau of all otben* for the position. Uncon- sciously he discloses great aptitude. Gather int i a small oumpa-ss the rich humour of his composition and you will perceive Hint with Hie addition of a stair and bells and a suitable costume what an excellent clown lie would made for the butt of thc men he would meet at Brisbane. Ko long os "Athelstane'' is available there is hope for Central racing yet. If your anonymous correspondents ure not heavy men tiley display humour unconsciously in -a high degree, anti 1 thank Hiern heartily for au enjoyable five minutes. I am. ic, liOUr. ll. UMVHARX. Rockhampton, 15lh September, l'JÜII. 