THE THE I.-WAK. 'VI by, you re :i Yankee, aren't you?" "I'luit was what Gladys Ghiytou. a lit tle Southern girt. wild one morning to a small boy dre.-scd in blue. who. upon her approach had hall’ risen 10 a sitting pos ture he.-Ulc a puteh which led both to a spring and a negro cabin, within hail ing distance ot' the spot where the ro elining nuii'onned ligme was gazing in open-eyed wonder on the vision of juve nile loveliness. “Yts. I'm n Yank." replied the boy, iu stiuetiyeiy. saliiling; "you can tell that by my bhie." Then be paused for a se cond ami said, hesitatingly: "Of course you are-are—a-" The boy in blue blushed, and the little, maid, with a twinkle in her eyes, said: “A iiille rebel. 'Do you surrender?" “Hardly," replied the hoy, making an endeavor to take bis feet, but falling back until he supported himself upon'his elbow. An expression of pain swept over Ids face which.startled the'child, as she exclaimed, in sympathetic tones: “O, ibar, what a pity! You are wound ed, tnul only n hoy!” Then, ns a reas surance, she added: “You needn’t lie afraid. Yankee boy: I won’t hurt you. and ail the' gray soldiers are gone away,” "Where am I?" asked the drummer boy. ■ . ; -| “You'are on the Claytou plantation. Yankee boy. My mother says that it Is 120 miles from Nowhere, and the last ■place that was made.” “There’s been" a big light," said the boy: “which licked?’’ “Mother says that she reckons they both got all they wanted, and then with drew in good order." answered the girl. “Where is your father?” “lacking Yankees.” was the reply.with a-great deal of energy thrown into-she “O. ho!” exclaimed the boy. and then, in spile nr himself, lie permitted a groan , to escape Ids lips. “O. dear,” said the girl, coming close up to him. “Are yon hurt much, little Yankee boy?” » For a moment the l)oy in blue bad forgotteu himself, as he asked in “Flense. little girl, have you seen my The girl looked up nud down the path on either side, and at length she dis covered the Wreck of the martial iustru •IHete. it is. little boy”’ said the girl, with much dignity. “Thanks, miss.” said the soldier boy; “tlio rehsv have shot It full of holes, and it’s no good; throw It away.” a The girl threw the shattered drum into the hushes. “What car. I do for you?” asked the girl, somewhat perplexed at the situa “I’ll tell you," replied the boy, "and X want you to do if. right quick. I want you to get one out of this Tight smart.’ for a scouting party of rebs. might come riding this way and capture me — or “Ynukee Isiy. my mamma,would have a lit If she saw you in that blue suit. She hates you all! hot me see—let me see!” Then she chipped her hands und ex claimed: ■. ■ . . "1 know what I'll do. I’ll go to old Si, down at the c-ahiu. He and auutie ■are-the only ones ot all the slaves who have not run away to follow the Yan kees. Si’’will Tlo,,anything for me. Be as patient as you enn while I am gone, for it won't be long.” It Wife? Udt long that the liul lmd to .wait, but when the people returned with the'two colored people he was quite faint, and gasped: “Water I" “Bring the gourd-' from tlio spring,” commanded Auntie, Who had arrived in advance of her rheumatic husband. Tlio labors of years and perfect health had given the black woman Immense strength. :iad-H:e drummer boy was lit tle more,of ..-y burden to her than an In fant. - ,-L '• Gladys ran-o'n ahead to the . cabin. Auntie strode on, raking such immense steps that her'husband, in a vnin en deavor to-keep up, was takeu with a fit of coilghing.-.niHl was obliged to take a long rest by the wayside. When lie did al-rive at the caliin the boy in bine was snugly hidden away, and vecelvi.ig the kind offices of the colored woman, who had -lmd mauy years of experience in nursing. Now that the wounded drummer'boy was made as comfortable as possible, .auutie,closed the cabin door and said, as -.'impressively' as if she were reciting oue of her best ghost stories: “You hear me. Miss Gladys, .uu* you •ole man: you both done keep your month shut ,’lxmt this 'eve young 'un. You both all know that the missy nt the big house Is just pizen on the Yankees; for all she's a dreft'ul good woman. But for.nil .'that: we mustn’t lot her know of this tittle chap a-hidin’ here, any more tlinu's if 'twas Abe Liukuip ttisself.” 