fhs (nrtig't Story " 1 ; i VOMPLBTB IN TBIS ISSVV. col'veight. - by t - LAURA GILBERT; .ILENCE for Seth Davis's story, hoys." I ' 1 And the party of cow- — hoys gathered eagerly round. All felt tliat the grave, taciturn man who, though ready to treat others, could never bo got to " liquor" himself, luid a history to tell, if only he could bo got to tell it. Sume of their number had proposed that, to draw him out, each m turn should either spill a yarn or stand drinks round as a forfeit. Seth Davis, being the eldest, was ap- ?icaled to first. Ho did not reply at once, >ut sat thoughtfully stroking his grizzled beard. Then he raised his bright dark eyes from tho ground, and a red ilusli mounted for a second to his bronzed, handsome face. " Roys, you want a story from mc. Wall, you have- all bill kinder forbearin' with an old sour cuss, and you desarvo one. I will' tell you tho story of my own life. Mayhap you'll think wuss of me when you hear it.. Anyway,- you'll not wonder at my liein' onliko most of our sort ; for I am a grumpy old chap, ail' that's, a fact. Seventeen years ago I was as light-hearted and careless as any of you here. " When my old ' dad died, and left mo his dollars, I bought a fine run out West, and went in for the life I alius hankered after — tho wild free life of a ranchman. \- " I had sot my heart on a gal in our town. I had known her ever since wo were babbies. She was an only child too, and so soon as we was eighteen wo was to be bitcbed up. She was the most beau tiful human creature I ever sot eyes 011. You shall see her." Hero Seth took from his bosom a like ness of a very lovely girl, with golden coils of hair above a face most angelic iu ex pression and perfect in feature. Beneath arched eyebrows a pair of large blue car- nest eyes looked forth. "But Annie Uaird," went on Seth, "was a dclicato gal. Kinder consumptive, they said; her' skill was too white, und her colour too bright for health. She would sometimes look up to the sky and talk about heaven in such a way — boys, it kin der made my heart ache. But she would laugh, and bo as joyous us ever next min ute, and talk about lier future, and how she'd lovo the wild, free, glorious country life, and how strong she'd get iu tho pure country air. 44 One day there come to Mostynville — tliat's'the name of our town — a distant cou sin of Annie's called Joseph Southernwood. He had been something in New York City, but had got sick of city life, and was on liis way to take up a ranch in Texas, he said He spoke big like — be ' panted for freedom,' and all tliat talk. Fact was, lie was a downright loafer, gambler, and bad lot all round, on'y nobody knew then. " Ho was a tall, good-lookin', smoolli- falkin' cuss. ' A well-disposed young man,' Sirs. Baird said. Ho seemed to make him self pretty well at home, and pretended to have got sweet oil Kitty Durant, Annie's chum — a black-haired, black-eyed, likely gal. Tlioro was no pretence about her feel- in's for him, for she was dead gone on his handsome face and treacherous eyes, that changed colour like a cat's. I took a big dislike to him from the first, and lie knew it pretty soon. Annie was sorry, for she was unsuspicious as a babby, and thought good of everybody. " It was a week before the wedding. I'd to go for three days to mv own place to settle all about the home-coming of my wife. I had jilenty of dollars, and was lucky with my cattle, so I could afford to make a comfortable home for her. " The day I went she sot 1110 011 my way for a couple of miles — I'd not let her come further, she never was over-strong, an' 'twas a baking hot day. I mind it all— the big tree wo stood under, and the look iu lier eyes — I'd seen it in them before, but never just liko that last time, us 1 lcisscd her good-bye. " I was away the three days, and, coinin' back, I was as gay and lmppy as a bird as I hurried to meet my darlin'. She al ways met me near the wicket, as she know pretty woll my usual time for comin'. Joyfully I dashed on, and turned quickly into tho walk, ready to elasp my dear love in my arms, and there ill front" of nie stood — not my Annie, with blushing chfieks and bashful eyes, but Kitty Durant, white and sheered as if she had seen a ghost. For a_ liimuto I couldn't speak, and me an' Kitty stood starin' at each other. "'Where's Annie?' I gasped out at last. But she couldn't speak to me. On'y looked awful. Then, in a voico 1 didn't know for Jiiy own, I said : " 4 My God, she's dead !' " No, hoys, I see what you're thinking. Annie Baird had not broke a bloodvessel and died, os might have been — an' better so. She had been carried off' — abducted — three days before, by Joseph Southern- Wood. He had humbugged them all, Kitty told me. They had none of them any sus picions Even Kitty, a sharp and rather jealous gal, put down liis tenderness and attentions to Annie to liis pity for lier not bein' strong. Kitty hud been spendiu' a few days awav with an aunt of hers when it happened. Mr. and Mrs. B.iird were distracted, .an' I was struck. down, by brain fever that same night, and it "was long before I got hack my senses. "When I did, I knew tmt Kitty had . nursed mo night and day. ' She seemed' to ho turned into- a woman of marble — hard, quiet, and with a set look iu her face. When I came to' myself, and, remembered . what had happened, I 'was near going off again. ' Keep cool, Seth Davis,' she said, j laying her hand, itself as cold as ice, on my forehead, ' don't yon excito yourself by thinkin' buck, on'y remember 0110 tiling, you've got to get well to avenge us all. Hush! Don't speak. Don't think. Goto sleep.' ' " I got well at last, and strong enough to commence to hunt Joseph Southernwood and his victim down. The day I set out, Kitty Durant,, when I went to thank her for liursin' me, and to say good-bye, gave me a silver- mounted revolver — Joe South ernwood's last present to her, for she was a good shot with that wcappn. " ' Here, Seth,'- she said, ' take this along with you, an' when you find him, slioot liiin dead with it! That is all the return I want for nursing you. It gave me ; strength to wateli -an' tend you day an' I night an' never tiro, jest to think of that. I 1 wisli I could go with you ; if you had ' not pulled through, I'd have hunted him 1 myself.' She put the revolver into my hand and looked hard at me. 1 'Twill be all right,' she said, 'I call read ill your eyes that the revenge you will take on him will satisfy even me.' " I had been on the hunt for ' nearly eighteen months from my start; sometimes . getting a- clue and losing it again, but j hoidiit' on— ho'.din' on. - I had discovered ; enough to make me pretty sure. he had changed his name to Jackson. I came one night to a sort of station in California, near a big forest, where a party of oniuchy diggers had made a elenrin' to try their hands at farmin' for a Iivin'. They seemed to have made a better hand of that than diggin' for gold, for there was a . sort of 1 Hotel there, an' a small store or two. I asked for a shake-down all to myself, and, as I paid well fur it, I had a bunk in a small closet wiili on'y a boarding between it ail' the room where lialf-ft-dozen fellers were drinkin' an' gambling. . " I thought I'd take a stretch before sup- 1 per— as I was real tired and could sleep through any noise ; so I lay down and was soon off. How long I had been s'.eepin' I couldn't tell, when I woke up sudden- wide. I had only been asleep, and that voice would have "roused me if I had been at the point of death. It was Joseph Southernwood's ! " 4 1 couldn't come before, hoys,' he said, in answer to a grumble at his Jate appear ance. 4 My wife's had a faintin' fit, and was skecrcd to he alone.' " A sorter kind o' mad joy went through me when I heard that devil's voice. 'Twus all I could do to keep from rushing into ' the room there and then. But tliero were too many around, an' I might lin' been baulked. So I just looked through a chink in tho boards to get a sight of the face of him. 'Twos he, sure enough, but greatly j changed, and not for the better. He had ; got bloated, dirty, nil' careless in dress. .j He looked now what he'd alius been — an ' awful lmd lot. The on'y things not altered wero liis cat's eyes, an' they liad the same deceivin', treacherous look as ever. "I got at the wife of tho boss, a good-hearted but rough sort, an' she told me all I wanted to find .out. They — Jack son and his wife — lived quite alone in a cabin about a mile away from the station. I made up my mind to see my poor lost gal once more, to satisfy my own mind, an' so I went light off. I thought I'd keep quiet outward, but the woman tried to stop me, sayin' if Jackson cltanced to seo 1110 around 'his place he'd shoot me down. I kinder laughed at that. " 4 Say,- you'd best he heerful, stranger,' the 'woman urged, 'lie's awful, jealous, an' a bad limb to deal with, and 'twon't do her no good. 'Sides, it's comin' oil a storm— you'd best not go.' "I said I didn't mind. I'd a particklcr message for liini that I'd carried about for eighteen months, which I'd give him after I'd seen her. The woman looked doubtful, hnfr. snttl nr> more. 44 After a bit I come 011 a track that led up the sido of a hill covered with scrub and brushwood, 1111' by that time the night was drawin' in rapid, an' the storm rolled higher and higher Tho air was hot an' stiilin', the thunder growled, an' the Iight- liin' began to play about the terrible black ness above. I wasn't sorry, for it showed me the track better. "At hist I came on a cabin where there was a light in a window an' no curtain, an' saw — not Annie,, surely, that poor shadow, white an' wall, with two rod spots 011 the holler cheeks, and the wild settled look of horror in the big eyes. She was all wrapped in a course woollen shawl, though it was a hot summer night, ah' sittin' liko a statue, with her poor thin hands clasped before her, an' a cradle close to her, where a baby was sleepin'. " Boys, 1, who loved lier so dear,, would not linvo known her, sho was so altered, if I hadn't felt it was her by the way my heart yearned to her. I couldn't have moved to savo my life, for a minute or two. Then she took a tit of eoughin', and kept on lookin' lit her handkerchief as she took it from her mouth. I knew what tliat meant, an' 110 two ways about it. Then she settled down again, with her hands clasped as before. An' I stood there afraid to stir, lest I should frighten her. 4 On a sudden sho throw her eyes up wards, and ill a tone I shall never forget, while lier hands tightened convulsive- like, she moaned out — not loud boys, sort o' a soli like — 4 Oh, Seth! Seth! Sethi' " I couldn't stand it 110 longer. I got to the door an' knocked gentle. 4 Come in,' sho said in a timid voice. ' "I 'stood before her. Oh, hoys, if you could have seen tho look that came over lier face. Doubt, fear, joy, an' wonder, all mixed up. An' somethin' more — oh, boys,' tho old, old .look .1 hod last seen under the trees.-.' Then, without a cry or a sound, 'copt a kind of low sigh, sho fell into niy arms. I thought sho was dead, but she wasn't, . nor fainted cither, on'y stunned. After she told ine sh'd been prayin' hard to seo mo once more ,'fore she died — all' when I come in it seemed liko as if her prayer was answered. "TVal, sho told mo all about what she'd been through sinco Joe Southernwood cur ried iter off. She said the hardest of it all had been the fear that was 011 her that I might be thinkin' sho had gone villin'. ' I told her I never blamed her once, no moro did Kitty Durant, but that wo had both vowed red vengeance againBt him. Then she pleaded with me- to let him alone;, not to soil my hands or my soul with crime. ' .. " 4 1 ant dyin4, Seth darlin',' sho said, ' an' it is my dyin' prayer. Leave him to God, an meet mo in heaven. Promise me I Promiso me !' "What could I do? The end of it was , that 1 gave in, boys. I wouldn't have done ;it if sho hadn't been dyin' I pressed my lips to her forehead once more after a few moro words, and turnod to- leave her, when I'm darned if Joe Southernwood didn't meet mo right in the doorway. "'Sol' lie said, quite smooth and civil, hut with an ugly gleam out of them cat's eyes of liis, 'you have found us out at last,- Seth Davis. I thought you would, some time, an' I reckoned 'twas you when the boss told me a stranger had been askin' liis wifo questions. Wnl, if you mean figUtiu',- I'm your man.' 44 4 Remember your promiso, rang out Annie's sweet voice, clear as a bell. I took tho feller by the shoulders, and swung him out of iny way, while I cut away out into the storm like a mad 'un " Seth's audience, murmured their disappro val of this proceeding. "I thought you'd blame mo for not shootin' him ; hut, boys, I had promised my dyin' gal - The storm outside was nigh as bad as tliat- goin' on in me, hut T didn't heed it. Suddenly I thought maybe lic'd worry hor 'cause of my bavin' been there, and I was back lit tho shanty in two jiffs, ; and crcepin' round to the window. 44 4 Die, then, as you are so tired of life, an' wait for your precious lover in heaven ; nil' a mighty long wait that'll be.' A Hash, a report, an' my Annio lay at that devil's feet,, shot through the heart. "It all happened in a breath a'most, an' I, who was too late to prevent this deed, was soon enough to avenge it. In my blind fury I stumbled over something in I my path. It was a rope — a lasso. I seized | it Surely tho devil had helped me. Joe ; Southernwood never heard me. He was j drinkin' whisky out of n horn which, with a jar, had been set on the table. I was on him before ho knew I was in the room " Ho was a strong man, but so was 1 Seemed to me 'twas but a second before I'd got bint down, gagged and bound band and foot. The little 'un iu tlie cradle— it bad begun to wail pitiful — would have been stronger in my hands than that strugglin' varmint When I had bound him, I took a long pull at the whisky, which made a greater madman of mo than ever. I lifted Annie's corpse, an' laid it on a settle by tho window, and straightened her out decent. She looked like an angel more'n ever. Ah, she was then. An' what was I? " More whisky — a big, fiery draught. I laughed aloud, an' taunted Joe, askin' him to drink with me. He never took his ugly eyes, now green with fear, off tlie. There was a big bed in one corner, all' I took noto 'twas a wooden one. I lifted him, as easy as I bad done Annie, an' laid him 011 it, got another rope, an' bound him to the bed ; searched round and got a big cask o' kerosene, an' then poured oil an' stuff I bad found over the beddin' and him and everywhere. Then lie knew what I meant to do, and was white with fear. 44 All this time the storm outside was real awful, but I didn't mind it. Tlie little 'un was cryin', an' I didn't mind that neither. I -minded nothin' but the furious hate I felt for him, an' the vengeance I was goin' to take. I didn't reckon my promise to Annie now. I was only doin' justice to a mur derer. One more deep draught of fire water, an' I emptied that jar also over the beddin' and things. "Then I took out Kitty's revolver, an told hint why she gave it to me, but that I didn't mean lie should die so easy. I went right to the cradle then, meatiin'— Boys, I've called him a devil. 1 was one myself that hour— rneanin' to shoot the little 'un, forgettin' it was Annie's, an' only rememberin' 'twas his. The little crit ter had stopped cryin', an' looked up in my face an' laughed. . Alt', boys, Annie's eyes wore looliin' up at mo out of the young 'un's. And, wait— I took up the babby an wrapped it iu the shawl Annie Und worn, an' was stained with her blood. Then, with the child ill my arms, I went to tho bed ail' pointed tlie weapon at liis head, sayin' : 4 Say, you Southernwood, for this 'little un's sake, I'll liev mercy on you, an' kill you first, 'fore I fire the shanty. If you know a prayer, say it, for when I'vo counted .sixty I slioot-.' "He looked a bit' relieved, I thought, but whether lie prayed I don't know. T began countin' slow, ait' held the shooter pointed at liis head all the time. I had nigh finished an' fixed my eyes on him, when— swish ! crash 1 A11 awful deafenin' roar, an' I. stood with tlie sight gone from my eyes, and tho revolver struck out of my hand. The Almighty had taken tlie vengeance an' punishment of Joseph South ernwood on Himself in an nwful way, for when I opened tho eyes I reckoned were blinded for ever I saw my enemy a black ened corpse before mc, an' the hull place afire, while I stood there with the young 'un ill my jirms without a hie of harm. " I don't'righily remember how I got out and down tho hill — but all the folks at tlie station were goad to ino an' the babby. They didn't ever know that I was' near bein' a murderer. I never told a critter till now what you liov got out of me, boys — an' I feci kind of easier, I do think. "Little Annie's grown up now. You saw hor mother's picter, you've seen her ; she's so like. I never tasted spirits since that night— the very smell of the stuff brings that time back. "Now, buys, you hev my story, an' sinco God didn't let me -do that deed, I think He means me to keep my word to Annie an' meet her there. Anyway, I'll tl'V." 