FROM YESTERDAYS i j LITE EDITIONS. NEWS AND NOTES Iiiijierlnl. General Elections, I.a'rst pulling resulK In <t late entile message on this pace. A good tone prevailed at the London v.-mi| sales yesterday, prices remaining unchanged. "1 feel disgraced— I know no Alter word— 'when I go into our cemeteries anil find the dead divided Into denom inational compartments. The d-maron- lion here is worse than In iho old world/'—Dr p(.v»u. The degreo to whlelt Sunday labor Is worked in the vnrjous (lovernment de- parimenls Is slated lu a return epltu- 'hlsctl In another column. In a great number of rases im extra pay Is al lowed, and in none are. overt line rates paid. "Me is one of thexeimeii, full of their own conceit, who ihUd: Ihey can like cure of tliemrelviv in the rit.i. but who generally fall a piv.v to women of f he un- fortunate class, or confidence tnoa."— Mr Justice Mood's description of a couuliy visitor who wen robhed iiy a woman, Mr Justice fitful, l:» forcible 'arguugc, lit the Criminal Cmrt In-tin... .::ii irs:;cd on a young emiMnblf tho .iIkuiP.Bi n«:- ecsslly of giving every fact in u en;;,? both for and against :ui accused person. 3 Us Honor's remarks should be care fully noted by members -of thcpolieo force generally. A wlluess at tho'CrlnihiiiPCourt Dil.- afteriHKm said, In a determined way, that before he would be sworn lie wan- till to know whether he would get his cxih'Iisl'h paid. Mr Justice Mood looked sieruiy uown and ssutt, "rauo tne uoui,. You tire going to Ik? sworn, anyhow." On the subject, of eximuscs tin witness thereafter preserved a discreet, silence. "Ami my ghost will "muni yon. Molly Hlley." The older id?;. taken o::l by Mr WndhiiJii. solicitor. wrJli the obje-.t of obtnhdug 1 lit: ivli-iw i'im:h gaol «if J.-ine.i ' Williams, lias ben mam; rcitirunb'.e ft Friday next. l»r,.IJo.vd. who issued the warrant, for Die arre t of Wl ll.tm-, and Minnie Itiley.. to wlucn tin worrant was granted, an- both tnpiiml to show cnuse why the commlit iciit.enler should nut. be quashed. The preliminary steps towards sowe;. Ing Ihu I .aw (Jouris have heeu taken. Tenders will shortly lie called for Die .work, which is csiluuced to cast about IJIIKJII, mid It is aiiDi-lpa.tci! that on at- tnal start with (he operations will be made in December next. Due of the Improvements Intended to be erfcolcd Is to have Die prisoners' cells connected with the sewerage system. It Is very probable Dial the Crown Law others A\ 111 be Included lii'tho Law Courts en:;- truck Extraordinary charge of vagrancy before Die South Melbourne Police Court lo-duy, the accused being si girl of seventeen or eighteen years of age, who Is earning her living respectably as a domestic servant., The girl's mother at Stawell apparently wishes to regain control of Die girl, and this seems to explain why Die criminal law has been thus curiously, and, we -.uspret. Improperly, set hi motion. The rase has been remanded for the atten dance of Die mother. i iitiiiv ttiiiimii w no in ii tirlegram from Daylcsford published this morning, Is described as an Invalided member of the Victorian First Contin gent, Is not known by our Defence de partment. ills name does not appe.tr iu the lists of any of Die contingents. Possibly he served in one of the con tingents raised in South Africa. A telegram on Die subject, has been sent by the Secretary of Defence to the Mayor of Daylcsford. A publican described a prisoner at the Criminal Court, to-day as an honest and straightforward man. "What do you know about liliuV" inquired Ids Honor. "Welt, he has often been In my place, ami him always paid for his drinks," replied the witness, amidst laughter. 'Then," said the judge, "every mail who always pays for Ids dt-Eaks you regard j us honest and KtralghlforwardV" "Yes," repealed the witness, "especially am ongst my customers at Colllugwood." Htcticwcd laughter.) His Honor did not pursue Die subject further. The relations existing between an ac cused mini and Ids wife were shown in the Criminal Court lo-dny to have been of a lively character. The witness, u stop-daughter of the man, and whom he was accused of assaulting, said Dial her mother had used liars of iron and a shovel on the accused, ami Dial the lallcr hail In have stitches put hi Ids head. On Die other hand, she said that Die aeetised hail pulled her mother' hair out by the handful. No wonder Ids Honor remarked Dint he was glad to hear that the children had been com mitted to the schools. A few dcltnilious of Congregational- 1st and Presbyterians tired off at the Congregational Union luncheon to-dayt "A Presbyterian minister Is one who preaches the Dospol with a Scotch ac cent. A Congregational minister is one who preaches Ihu Dospol with u Welsh (II. I... !».>« \l>. \l. .11-1.1- 'joint to have ln.cn given by l>r lluvan, who denied Its authorship, but. gave this one: "A Presbyterian Is n man whoso Deueral Assembly tells lilm that lie must do things and ho doesn't do them, while a Congregnthmnlist Is one whose Union advises him to do things and he docs them." The Minister of Defence has noted with Interest that the llendfgo Art tbil-. lory committee proposes to have a pic ture painted of Die Pink Hill hultle, tu wldch the Victorians llgurcd so bravely, tuid tit wldch Major Eddy was killed. >7r Melville was not prepared to say whether the Government had any such idea in view Itself. From what can ho gathered, however, If a proposition were niadu by the trustees or Die i«a- t loinil Gallery In the dlrecDon referred to, It would bo favorably entertained by thu Government. It will be remem bered that the Turner CJovciumeiit, eveu lu bud times, secured Mr LoiigstafT's "Bitshiire tu GIppshmd" for Die Xti- Dt'iiul Gallery. Ihmorub'.e mention was made lu "The Herald" recently of a Sydney muii who paid Ids creditors twenty shillings lu the pound. To-day, in the Practice Court,, allusion was mude to tut ex- bankrupt who had "voluntarily mndu a payment of LltM on account of Ids debt .'to FraKcr ami Co. (iu lhjuiduUun)," ' hut the namu of the volunteer puyerwaa' pot disclosed 'iu the nilUJnvlt before the court. Our reporter asked thu tit- pmient, Mr It. U.i M'Cutcheon, llquldu- tor of thu Fraser 'estate, for the name aim adtlroHs of thu released debtor, but ' the. liquidator courteously declined to do no on tho ground that there .were, ' good reasons why the Information should uot bo glTcn. "There's a great ileal of work dmm J doing nothing." A happy thought of | the Itev. J. Mciklcjolm at the Congiega- tiotial Union !o-d:i.v. "1 have heard li said that Wesleyan are drawing near to f'nugrcgatiouulists, and that there will he a nulmi of the two. Perhaps so. Tim union will prob ably be like that of Jonah atid Dm wluile." A speaker at the Congrega tional Union humli to-dny. Against n man charged wlDi stealing fowls, at .St. Kllda lo-da.v. the twenty- second conviction was recorded. Agalmt a woman who used disgusting language, at South Melbourne to-day. a twenty- third conviction was entered upon om books. Wlisi t. Is society to do with such people? ' Our Premier thinks that there should be one date lixed hy Die Imperial Go vernment on which the whole Umpire should celebrate Die end of Dm war In South Afrlea and the restoration of peace. .Mr M'l.can Is endeavoring to secure the eoneurrem e of the other Aus- Indian Premiers in that view. The Government is consulting the other colonies with regard to Australian soldier in South Africa visiting Ung- laud, ami 'what acilon. if any, should he taken with regard to the visit. Dili- eial Information is nlso being sought from Die Imperial Government sis to how many II is intended to take to Londun. Wills of the following deeejiM-d prr- v-nts were lodged for probate to-day, the several specified estates going to the widows and children of testutors:— Thomas Oliver, of Carupbelllleld. far- iner, IJitkM); William Glcadelt, of Church street, ICIelitnonil, gentleman, LKJJD-I; ami John Kelly, of Berkley street, Carl ton. engineer. I,PK17. Aichlbald Came ron, late of Spring street, Melbourne, and formerly of Aelaml street, St. Klhln, leaves estate of the value of IJM7A, ehiclly to Ids widow. 