Why Children are Afraid. 1500 CUILDREN ANSWER. Professor Macdonald, of the Washington Bureau of Education, has been making a series of extremely interesting Investigations as to the causes which arouse fear in children. His study of fear in the youthtul subjects was inaue ny distributing hundreds of lists containing all manner of causes, such as might excite that emotion. Parents, teachers, and other persons — even the little oneB themselves — marked off such items as the latter really feared. WHAT FRIGHTENS CHILDREN. After reducing all of the replies to a table, it was found the highest numhor feared thunder storms, the next highest reptiles. Then follow, in order, according to the number fearing them, strangers, darkness, fire, death, domestic ani mals, disease, wild animals, water, insects, ghosts, etc. A comparison of an equal nnmber of boys and girls Bhow that the girls feared 1765 things on the list, and the boys 1106 things. The girls exceeded the boys in the fear of everything except water, high places, and strangers. The ratio of girls to boys in the fear of rats and mice was 75 to 13, as might be expects It was®also ascertained that fear in the boys increases from the seventh to tho fifteenth year, and then declines, while in girls it increases more steadily froiii the fourth to the eighteenth year before diminishing. The fear of thunder and lightning, reptiles, robbers, and machinery were found to increase with age. GHOSTS. Another novel inquiry enlarged upon the fear of ghosts by children. By questioning the little ones aud tabulating their answers, it was dis covered that the most frequent source of their knowledge of jMiosts was in stories told by other children. Btories read by them ranked second in frequency. Of all the other sources servants had beeu tho most- active. . Some had derived their first knowledge from pictnres, a smaller number from games or from their own imaginations. The smallest number, less than 1 per cent, had first heard of ghosts trom their parents. It was discovered tliat fear almost universally accompanied belief in such spectres. WHAT THEY ARE LIKE. Almost a third of the children examined had the conception that ghosts were white, an eighth that they were like the human figure, a niuth that they were shadowy, an eleventh that they were dead persons, a fourteenth that they had long arms or hands, and less than a nine teenth that they were like skeletons. Additional notions as to appearance in order of frequency were tliat spooks ' have sepulchral' voices, ars without substance, luminous, black, like ani mals, like fairies or spirits, and that theyhave lurid, hollow eyes. The moBt popular concep tion as to the power of ghosts wsb that they chase and catch children: Other notions in the order of the number of believers were that they glide swiftly, appear and disappear, do all sorts of mysterious things, foretell death and injure people. Of those questioned as to the time when ghosts appear, n majority believed it to be in the dark, when one is alone. Staling the places where ghosts uiay be expected, the highest uumber of opinions was in favor of grave- varda. 