Law v. Medicine. \--* A NICE POINT. Thus Mr. Moorhead, counsel for the defence, to & medical witness : "If a man is suffering from neuras thenia can his ability to resume work be measured by the amount of his ver- dict?' Dr. Davy : "If you will express the man's ability to work in molecules of mercury I will apply the atmosphere of damages to it, and might then be . able to give an opinion worth having'.'' After the Court had recovered from , .the shock of the doctor's humorous reply, a number of "experts" were examined as to the characteristics of ' neurasthenia. "Now, will you tell the Court, as briefly as possible," said counsel to the last witness, "what this terrible dis- ease is ?" "Neurasthenia," replied Dr. Kenny, "is a medical Mrs. 'Arris. There is no such pusson. It is simply a term used to conceal onr ignorance." Great heavens ! And this after the Court had wasted the best part of the day in hearing "experts' " evidence on diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis. Ah ! well, it shows the value of ex- pert evidence. The golden guineas will produce a medical ghost or a legal absurdity- at a moment's notice. 1 Mr. Bennet Burleigh has A bril- liantly written account of the Tugela reverse in the London " Daily Tele- graph." Writing of the terrible ordeal of fire through which those who man- ned our guns passed, he says : " But the gunners never flinched or winced, buckling to work like men who grip a heavy load. Nay, more, some of them ¡ in derision began to 'field,' as at cricket, with the badly-aimed spent of the machine cannon. Bunning aside, tney would make a catch and call, ' How's that, umpire ?' Astound ¡ ing, and yet more astounding, for this story is absolutely true!" ! A well-attended meeting of the cooks' profession and assistants was held at the City Hotel, Perth, on Wcdnesdav evening, for the purpose of forming themselves into a union. Mr. Vosper, who was voted to thc chair, spoke at some length on the " vellow agony"' question, and strongly advised those present to combine, as their interests were j more immediately at stake than most other I avenues of labor. Mr. A. V. Corridon, of j fremantle, briefly explained what had been accomplished among the -cooks at the Port. Mr. J. Grant was appointed hon. secretary, and a committee of fire was elected com- prising Messrs. Lack, Argo, Elliott, Bell, and Nichols The next meeting will be held at the Cfty Hotel on Wednesday night next. A meeting of the comn ittee was held on Friday night, when some preliminary busi- ness was transacted. We are informed that the Butch« s' Unir-n are making overtures '? to join the newly-formed Cooks and Assis- tants' Union. The SUNDAY TIMES is jolly glad to hear of the unopposed return of J. M. Drew for the Central Province. No mm deserves si ch an honer more, cr will m^te better use of i«| 