Central Mission Notes. Sut»day was a good day. In spite of intense heat the Hall was full at night. The Holy Ghost was present in an extraordinary manner. The body of the hall was filled at the after meeting, and eighteen persons were found ' at the Master's feet.' # ♦ A full business paper faced the General Committee on Monday night. Much time was spent in considering the question of an assistant to the Super intendent. The Committe of Selection in England strongly urge us to obtain a young minister, either in the colony or in England. They know of no young layman capable of taking the position. One thing was felt to be imperative. Help must be obtained and that without delay. The com mittee resolved upon two things. First — To insert advertisements in colonial papers, in the hope that even yet a suitable man may be secured. Failing here, it has been decided to ask permission of the Conference to send to England for a young probationer, the committee paying all costs of transfer. It is believed that the Rev. H. Price Hughes can put his hand upon the kind of man we want, a similar man, for example, to those appointed as his own young colleagues. * ♦ * The committee are anxious to arrange for regular popular people's services every Sunday afternoon ; to carry on with vigour the weekly entertainments that last year were so popular ; and to prosecute with greater energy the open air branches of the work. To do this, and much more that is in their hearts, the best possible class of help must ,be secured. * * ? * \ By a unanimous and hearty vote it was decided to ask Conference to appoint the Superintendent of the Mission as suc cessor to the late Rev. S. Wilkinson, as Chaplain to the military and naval forces, etc. The whole of the latter and much of the former work has for long centered here. Of course such an appointment carries with it the securing of a suitable colleague, whether lay or clerical, for the Superintendent. * * * The heartiest thanks of the Com mittee were tendered to the Hon. Sec retary, Mr. W. H. McClelland, for the splendid service he has rendered the Mission during the past twelve months. * * * Important matters connected' with the Medical Institute were considered. At present the Home is practically full. Some of the cases are exceptionally interesting and hopeful. We are just now greatly encouraged, in this branch of our work, by the number of inquiries | that reach us. Gradually but surely this valuable agency , is working its way into public confidence. If our Bands of Hope will only stand by us. we can see a great future before this Medical Institute. * * * As an illustration of what could be done by our Bands of Hope, it may be mentioned that we have recently had one of the most trying cases in hand that we have ever been called to under take. The story is saddening in the extreme. A noble life wasted — the drink fiend master — a network of evil companionships making the man into a slave. Owing to the unusually strong hold the drink had upon him, we felt we could not recommend his dismissal as cured at the end of the prescribed three weeks. His friends were not agreeable to pay another shilling. What were we to do ? We thought of our Bands of Hope, and through one or two of them secured sufficient to pay all expenses for a further course of treatment. The result being that we believe the man will be saved body and soul. We hope to write more about this case shortly. In the meantime will the 150 Bands of Hope that so far have sent us nothing make a point of coming to our help to save their fellows ? # * * Patriotic Service. — Next Sunday, in connection with the day of special prayer, we have arranged for a United Patriotic Service in the Centenary Hall at 3 o'clock. Brief addresses will be given by the Revs. James Green, Chap lain elect to the Bushmans' Contingent; Wm. A. Potts, of Pirie-st, Adelaide ; John A. Luxford, of Invercargill (N.Z.); W. G. Taylor. Patriotic music. Full choir and orchestra. * # * Children's Home. — We are requested to remind aur readers of the Dedicatory Service and Sale of Work in connection with the official opening of the new Children's Home at Croydon on Satur day, March 10. Friends in town and country contemplating sending help in fancy work, sweets, or other gifts, are asked to send to Mrs. Powell, Hon. Secretary, MacPherson st, Waverley. * * . ? ? ? ' . a|e ? Harvest Festival. — In the business columns of next issue will be found par ticulars of our Grand Harvest Festival, to cover Sunday week and the following Tuesday, the 18th and 20th inst. It is worthy of note that the honour of having introduced these attractive help ful services into New South Wales rests with the C. M. M. At each yearly celebration the hall has presented an appearance of wonderful beauty. This year special efforts are being put forth to if possible eclipse past efforts. Friends in other circuits have it in their power to give themselvee pleasure and also aid the work of the Mission by at tending the Tuesday evening Grand Concert. It is sufficient to intimate that among other attractions the follow ing artists will give us their services in order to stamp the fixture as one of surpassing interest : — Miss Millie Wynn (soprano), Mr. W. H. Parkinson (tenor), Mrs. J. F. Truscott (contralto), Mr. George Grimm (bass), Mr. Harry Free nau (cornet), etc., etc. The admission will be free with collection. W. G. Taylor. 