ONE. OF OURSELVES. BY t. B. WALFORD, Author of " Mr. Smith," " The Baby's Grand mother " c [ALL liiOHis RESERVED.] CHAPTER XII Continued. THE MOCK BILLY IN THE 8USIMEK-HOU8E. The summer-house was at the far end of the garden, in a part little frequented-but even had it not been, the needless trio would have pursued their sport all the name We know the rest " Come along, and let us be done with it," now muttered Bet, wishing the others would not exhibit such unmitigated enjoyment of the scene "company and who led the way and looted for them to follow " Not here," continued the, as the cortege emerged from the gate in the garden wall, and Poll and Georgie seemed disposed to halt and consider their surroundings " This is too near, and the ground is too hard Let us find a place down in the hollow, in the middle of the wood, where (he 1 blackberries are 3 he earth will be ever so much softer there beneath the droppings of the trees, and there are lots of dead leaves Earth is always soft beneath dead leaves They acquiesced cheerfully " And we must find our Billy-boy a nice place," observed Georgie, with patronising urbanity Poll was carrying Billy-boy In a few minutes the Binait procession reached a little dell in which the evening light fell softly) through an opening of the woods on every side " somewhere about here will do," said Bet, with a well-feigned air of indifference " Choose a slow) one of von I don't care where, it IS That here where we stand then," decided C corgi o and as no objection was raised she fell to work, But assisting " Are you not going to help?" suddenly the latter turned to Poll, who stood passively by Why should Poll not work as they did ? Why should she be standing there doing nothing but holding bet Billy ? " She has no spare," answered Georgie for her Besides, he is her Billy and it does seem rather hard to expect her-" " Oh, nonsense ? ' said But I shall never do anything else as good," murmured Poll, regretfully No one said she would " There, that a deep enough" announced Bet, at last After all no need not have dug as far, for who's to know or to look P However, he has come to light so often-" " Best make sure of him," Hcqniesced Georgie, throwing up another spadeful " Now then, Poll kins, all's ready Will you ?" stepping back to waive the honour One last look all round, then," said Poll, im- portant and she elevated the doomed Billy, turning his face first towards the one and then the other-but Bet did not avail herself of the privilege " Look, Bet " " Pshaw ' ' said Bet " In with him-in with him," oned the im- patient youngest and something at the moment attracting her eldest sister's attention, it followed that Set only know the" deed was done by the rattle of earth which followed like hint upon lightning from George's spade Best's spade had fallen on the ground " Is he in the now inquired carelessly I I was not looking " But why weren't you ? I told you I gave you the chance, ' from Full No answer, Bet shovelling with swift and steady strokes (2 She didn't like to see it," said George to herself ) Within a few minutes the task was completed " Now we must stump and tramp on the top, as they do at real burials," ordained the merry " boss " " Do let me be boss,' Georgie had pleaded " you, Bet and Poll, are my gang, and are just to do what I say ' and she was a regular Jack in office in her new-found authority " What ' They don't "-perceiving her last remark was queried-" Oh, they do ; you bet they lo-when no one is looking 1 he earth would call in if they didn't, ' nodded she, shrewdly) " The first man would make it shrink Anyhow, Billy shall have nothing to complain of His grace shall be well trampled in, suiting the action to the words "Now for a little loose emu on the top There that's beautiful," standing back to survey with complacency " And now, my beauty, your last resting place is all that your best and dearest could desire " " Hateful, detestable thing '" cried Bet, suddenly Now at last you can never show your horrid face again Even your ghost can't walk now Tread on him, Georgie , tread on him herself treading passionately-viudiotively Then all at once, springing to one side, He you two," shrieked she, laughing till the wood rang again-" He for a dance ' Let us dance' round the tomb ' Dance, dance, dance and sing, sing, sing '" seizing a hand of each, and whirling them round to the cause of a mad, wild, witohbko lamentation Faster and faster they swung and flow Presently one tripped and almost fell, but the others caught her up again " Now away away and Bet AMIS off like a spirit, skidding- at the top of her speed, and when they called to her to stop, club ran as she had never run in her life, and outstripped all pursuers " That was fun'" began Georgie-but Poll was her only auditor When the two reached the house Bet had disappeared . * . . Next day Georgie made It request would they follow her. She had something to show their Poll complied readily, Bet did not like to refuse Behold there was a headstone set upon the new made grave " Now, look," said the exhibitor, stepping towards it " This," pointing to an inscription in hieroglyphics, sets forth in Billi language the virtues of our dear departed As it is only in Billy language no one but ourselves can interpret it but I did feel that our dear mock Billy ought not to be in his grave ' unwept, unhonoured, and un- sung,' regarding her work with affectionate pride, " so I did it " He was my mock Billy, though," demurred Poll, only half approving " He is nobody is now, ' said Bet, quickly Later on in the day she glided back to the spot alone, bringing with her a trial of ivy she had detached from the garden wall "Good-, Billy," she said softly, as she turned it round the headstone 