Interesting Items. If a fool would follow up his folly, ho would lonrns wisdom. At prosent Australasia is tho largest producer of wool ia tho world. Thoro aro too many of us whose chief ambi uon is to taiio tning3 easily. A nowly-married couple spent their honey moon in quarantine iu Sydney. With oureyos fixed ou future pleasures W6 tramplo on small joys close at hand. Tho drawback to tho well-meaning man 18 that ho often has vory poor judgment. ? Nearly 50 per cent, of the people of Prance and Germany are engaged in farming pursuits. Difficulties are often like ghosts— when you come to run them down, thoy don't amount to much. ' Just hoard something scandalous about you, . ? Louiso.' ' I thought so ; you look so awfully pleasod.' 'Why don't you let your boy have his fling, ? \ Sandy?' 'Hoot, man ! He expects me to pay tho piper P' Put your namo down as a subscriber to tho Advocate ; 3s per quarter or 12s per year, in advance. Do not neglect to keep your boots polished. You can always shine at one end if you cannot at the other. You must not tako it for granted that all tall people are lazy simply because they are longer in bed than other folk. Joe Martin has tho largest stock of boots and shoes to select from, and gives the best value for the money of any boot store on the river. — Under Austria's poor law every man 60 years of age is entitled to a pension equal to one-third the amount per day which he earnod during bis working days. The statement which has been circulating m the press recently, that tho Pope had given per mission to priests iu South America to marry, has been authoritatively denied. The cheapest place for furniture, Ironmongery and Building Materials, is D. Macdonald's Fur nishing aud Ironmongery Store, River-street, Maclean. — Probably tho last payment ihat will ever be made for a slavo iu tho Statos was made recent ly in Texas. A note given for a negro in I860 recently turned up and payment was enforced. The casualties to vessels in the Australasian trade during the mouth of March consists of 15 weather damaged, 11 strandings, 6 collisions, 5 total wrecks, 1 firo, aud 7 other casualties. He : 'There is no place like — ' She : 'Home, dear V He : 'Homo bo blowod ! No place like Bridger aud Foster's for good sulkies or bug gies.' — A would- bo Victorian legislator unablo to find time to visit tho different places in the elector ate, spoke his address iu a phonograph, which is being taken to tho towus and the speech reeled oil. America sells nearly three times as much as she buys ; Germany buys over £50,000,000 worth more every yoar taan she sells ; while Great Britain last year actually bought twice as much as she sold. Mr. P. Coulon, of tho Commercial Stores, Maclean, has made timely preparation to meet the requirements of his patrons for tho approach ing winter, having opened up a splendid stock of new goods directly imported from the manufac turers at home. — A uew weapon, callod tho pistol sabre, has been iuvoutod for cavalry regimonts. It is an ordinary sahro provided with a small firearm, lodged in tho hilt. Ou mooting a resistant sur face the blado recedes aud discharges the pistol, a recoil of about a tenth of an inch being suffi cient for the purposo. Th 1R nnln.n Ijir.prl f.hnf. if nrtv nrmrr nnrno nt 30,000 men and 10,000 horses rests a day or two preparatory to a battle, it consumes all the pro visions procurable within an area of rich country nine miles long aud live lniiea wide. Such an army corps would require 104 triins of about 30 carriages each and 01 trains for the baggage when travelling by mil. tt^ For Job Printing support tho Advocate. We guarantee satisfaction. No slum joba executed here. 