THE BEADTIFDL MBS. LEACH. CHAPTER XXXVIII.— "AWAKE! ARISE!" Mr; Tlrursby stood in the laboratory ou the following morning, and Oliver, Just on his way te join him, was Informed of Mrs, Je-. romo's presence in the drawing-room. "Is she alone?" lie asked, his thoughts turn ing instantly to Ethel. "Quite ulonc, sir.'" Oliver looked strangely excited as he moved towards, the door. There was something, mys terious In liis manner which spoke of sup pressed feeling. His eyes were brighter than usual, while every llbre pulsed high. The morning sun streamed through' the frosted window in shoals of dazzling glory, ; but the man heeded not the nature of the day. Cloud, sunlight, moonrise, star-shine, all. of late 'had passed him by wltlr never a glance for their beauty, just as a pale woman's face had by sterner forces been cruelly erased. "Good morning, Mrs. Jerome," he said; with outstretched hand, "you are an early blra. Wo have only Just breakfasted." ... ."Perhaps," she said, solemnly, "you were tired after your long day In London yester day." ."Well,, we certainly had enough of It. Star ted early, returned late. Got In nearly starv ing — so much to do — no time for food till we pounced like furious wolves on old Betty's supper. She makes an excellent cook.", , . "Are you coming round tq JeBsamine Cot tage this morning?" asked Mrs. Jerome, ; In freezing. tones, which seemed te convey the added conclusion, "Of course, you are not." .- lie stared at iter as If she had suggested his jumping over the moon. He positively- gasped while she put the question, arid his jaw 'dropped. "Come round to Jessamine Cottage-thls morning? Oh! no, no, my dear Mrs. Jerome, It ts.quite impossible.' Mr. Thursby will tell' you so." , . .'j "I thought as much," retorted. Ethcl'B . Irate aunt, her anger bubbling up, "but; as I ob-. serve, Frasor lias not troubled to put In .an appearance, though I can quite wellj take your word! for it. I wonder, Sir Oliver" (she called him "Sir" to signify disapproval), "I wonder you are not ashamed to treat a poor girl.' In this 'cruel, heartless manner.. Can't you see what you are doing, or dees your 'business . (her' lip curled) "blind your eyes, as: well as addle your brain? Are you so lost to all sense of your Inhuman conduct that you cannot realise you have crushed and bruised the wo man you once professed to love?" \- "Airs. Jerome," he stammered, "what on earth do you mean? Is anything the matter wlth'Ethel?" . . . "I should think so, Indeed; and you. have only yourself to thank! The unhappy child has watched you, weekly, dally, hourly, changing, to hor, till the strain of disillusion and the" bitterness of despair has eaten Into her heart like a canker-worm. No longer Is she the bright, healthy, merry soul of gladness you wooed in the gardens of Compton Hall. Her cheeks are thin now, though your eyes are too busy to mark the change; her face pale,' her strength broken. Neglected alike by father and lover, she has shrunk Into her shell, silently, patiently, nursing her misery, convinced that the happy estate' of wifehood is no longer for her. And who. took Fraser away — the father upon whose homecoming she , had so Joyfully counted? Why you, Oliver Ashford! Heaven only knows What witchcraft you have used to keep him for ever chained to vour side, while his motherless daughter pined for his society. Doubtless it pleases your vanity, but don't you think, on reflection, that, by so doing you may-- bring misery on yourself, as well as upon Ethel? Tho day mny come when science no longer holds you in this deadly grip;' when you wake as from a dream, and long once more to win again the precious jewel you threw aside. What If then she remembers this against you, and pays back blow for blow?"' . Mrs. Jerome paused. Oliver, quivering under the lash of her tongue, and with a strange wondering expression on his face, advanced, laying a Arm hand upon her arm. ..« "Is Ethel ill?" he asked. Mrs. Jerome nodded her head. t . . . ' . "I sent for the doctor yesterday, but though he declared her to be in a very low state of health he frankly Informed me the thief trouble came from general depression, aris ing from a 'mind diseased.' He saw at onco she had worried herself into this weak condi tion, through harbouring a secret sorrow, xou and your neglect of lier were, I might have told the doctor, alone answerable. (There and then X resolved to speak out, to show you what you were doing — you and Fraser toge ther. She must be roused, cheered, comfort ed, the doctor says— given excitement, taken out of herself! . Why only yesterday she told me it was the dearest wish of her heart to be allowed to enter your precious laboratory. Such a small thing, to ask, yet she would not dare suggest so much 'to you. Poor child! She is indeed to be. pitied." . "Mrs. Jerome, I—I had no idea that my pre-occupation, which happily this very oay I can fully explain and account for, had troubled my darling, preyed on her mind, caused her te doubt, me. It was the 'know ledge that I should soon Be able to pour out all confidences, and to make her my wife, that gave me rein and threw me Into this unin tentional error. Mr. Thursby. let me assure you. upon my word of honour, has never meant to be pnklnd for one moment. True, the occupation which has engrossed my thoughts and time has held him equally In the fascination of Its tolls. When you hear all, as you shortly shall, you will then realise our absorption, But Ethel — how can I forgive myself for wounding her? Oh! Mrs. Jerome, If you could but guess tho strain of the past weeks, and the fearful task which lies before us this mornlngl You said Ethel needed ex citement— I think I know how to rouse her, and bring forgiveness from her heart and lipB at the same time. Tills very day she shall enter my laboratory to learn Its secrets. Is she at home now? I have just time to run and fetch her before— before— " He did not wait to finish the sentence, but snatched up his hat and rushed through the hall door, leaving Mrs. Jerome utterly be wildered and amazed. "Has he suddenly gone mad?" she aBlted herself. "Well, any change from hiB past apathy Is preferable! Certainly he looked sane enough, and If I am not very much mis taken the light of love shone from his eyes as he ran like a schoolboy down me roaa in search of Ethel. How surprised she will be, dear child! For when I suggested it WU3 probable Oliver might call during the morn ing she simply shook her heud and said: ' I do not think so.' But the tide seems to have changed since I let myself go, and really, I begin to wonder what I said. My tongue flew on and my head was very hot, I remember, either from anger and excitement or the weight of this Jet bonnet. Still I managed to stir Oliver up, so If I was a little rude It doesn't matter." In the meanwhile Ethel was feeding her pigeons on the window-sill, with a far- away expression In the now habitually wistful eyes. I-Ier thoughts had travelled back to those happy days with Oliver by the sea shore. She could almost hear the low sigh ing of the waves, as they drew back the loose pebbles, singing a love song to her happy heart. Would such hours ever return, or must the dull monotony of dally disappointment 'continue! A hurried step on the gravel made her look UI"01iver!" The name broke from her In glad surprise, for there he stood with sparkling eyes and parted lips, eager to pour out his hurried story. She was drawn back from the window a moment later by- a pair of strong arms, arid clasped in a close embrace behind the shelter of the curtain. , . Yes, Mrs, Jerome was right the blushing face had grown thinner, and the small, frail . body looked almost too ethereal. His con science smote him painfully. "Ethel, my darling, my own," he whispered, feverishly, "is it possible you over thought for one moment that I could have changed? Ah - yes! I gave you reason, perhaps, since I've been on the rack for weeks, but now I'll never keep another secret from you as long as I live. This Is the crucial day; fly and get your hat, for you must come at once te the bungalow. I will tell you why as ive go along. If you are not frightened you shall spend the rost of your morning in my laboratory. But besides tho secret of that sacred room I have soriiethtng more to tell, which souuds too good 'to he true. Compton Hall is on tho market again. And your father has promised to pre sent It as a gift to Lady Ashford! There, Ethel! What do you say to that for news?" She could hardly gasp out her. joyful sur prise, for tears rushed to her eyes and smiles to her lips, while the, lump which rose iri her throat made speech Impossible. "There Is not a; moment to lose," he said. "We shall have to -run as It Is. I must be at the bungalow In ten .minutes." Ethel snatched up a cloth-cap which hung in the hall, with a prompt "I am ready." - Her heart bounded with wild delight as Bhe hastened out by her lover's side "Why must you bo back In ten minutes?" she asked. ; : ' ' "Booauoo I want to lnstalVyou In the labor- atory 'before Crlstiiia Leach Is married to her second husband!'! CHAPTER. XXXIX.— THE AVENGING — ' 'VOICE. The -.voddlng day |iad come, without the oooin of a single cannon -or the chime of a church bell. Discarding conventionality, the nappy brldogroom Alontofiore arrivcd tlie pie- vious afternoon, to stay at Compton Hall. All was In readiness for a quiet private ceremony, the- hour flxed, .and the place stated in the special licence they had mieceded ;n proeur- Mr. Morrow had during. a confidential in terview with Air. Spong, who consented to reili i, ® service, explained the necessity, for .avoiding a public wedding,,' '.His daughter's : wore alarmingly shaken by the murder .of. the late, Air. Leach. She was not In a dt .condition to endure _thb ordeal of being gaped at by tho tenants on' tiie estate antf anyone who chose to attend the service. "She Would bo sure to bleak down, for any excitement lately or extra Strain has brought on faintness. The London doctors are unani mous in prescribing for her, a long sea voy age, Jdhn Alorrow declared, in conversation to the sympathetic Air. Spong. "I shall try and persuade her husband to take her to Australia. Crlstinn yearns to vo-vlslt the old home, and I shortly Intend making a pilgrim-- age thither, in order to look again on my dear wife's grave." At this point the talented humbug wiped away a- falling tear which brimmed up at the mention of his Imaginary spouse. And Mr. Spong believed It all, without the shadow of a doubt in Air. Alorrow's sincerity. No bridegroom ever 'arose on his wedding mornjng with so light a heart as Crlstina's lover. I-Us face at breakfast was lllca a ray of sunshine, for nt Inst he was about to win' for his o.wn one, of the fairest women on God's' earth. Little did lie dream of the base cor ruption which lay beneath this whited sepul chre!. He felt no shadow of a presentiment to warn him from his, fate, only his heart boat quicker for joy, as he rushed gladly to de struction, John Alorrow's face that morning proved a perfect picture of smug satisfaction. His heavy frame seemed to swell with gratifica tion as he surveyed the happy man about to claim Crlstina's hand. Albert, too, could hardly restrain -his high' spirits at having captured so large a prize. Cristina was calm,- smiling, beautiful as ever in her clinging morning gown. No trace of suppressed excitement revealed' itself In her mannor. "It has all come In the- order of things," .she said to Albert, when he Inquired ds to her state of mind. "I am not going te allow myself to worry, my looks are' too precious for that, and nothing Is so destructive to ap pearance. I can't tell you what a relief It is to be leaving this unlucky house. When I drive away this afternoon I shall not look back with a single sigh of regret, though It will probably be the last time" I shall ever set oyes on. Compton Hall. Instead, I shall fee! more Inclined to shout for very joy and snap my' lingers at the. evil genius who has at tacked us with such vehemence since we came here. . If I oould bring myself to believe In ghosts, I should' say one of the' Ashford an cestors bad been working against us from the first; but I do not think a spirit could have delivered Jaker and the 'Purple Heather" Into the' hands of the oppressors. Poor fellows! Their plight liaurits me. ' It Is not a pleasant wedding day reflection to dwell upon their sufferings, and to feel how . nearly we might have stood In the same box!" "My dear Cristina, I should have thought you were old enough, and sufficiently sensible, not to Waste your pity upon others. Keep It for yourself when tho time comes. Some day you may need It— who knows?" Cristina moved away, with these unplea sant words ringing In her ears. She had. lis tened to Monte's rhapsodies, till they sickened her— to John Morrow's chuckles— and now to Albert's grim retort. "What a set I am thrown amongst!" eho muttered. "After all, even with my beauty, I am a slave and powerless to go my own way. . But after this is over, when John Alor row has swept the encumbrance from my side, and paid me off with my own, money, then- then— for liberty!" - A deep sigh broke from her lips, and with the thought of the future gracing her mind she wont to adorn herself for the marriage ceremony. In spite of the privacy, In which she was to be united to Montefiore, she had promised to dress in white, at his especial re quest. "All in pure white," he pleaded, "like some exquisite lily. To dwell with you will seem to me like being constanly in tho pre sence of a lovely flower." . So she agreed, her feminine Instinct telling her she looked fairer without a touch of colour, In the dead white of the lily. John Morrow came te fetch her from hor room when she was ready, and smiled upon the dazzling creature who emerged, clothed in spotless garments of Irreproachable make. Together they descended the grand old stair case, and entered the brond picture gallery, passing by the Ashford ancestors, towards the Oak Roopi. I TO JIB CONCLUDED.) 