Tb.3 Irif h Christian Brothers On the 10th Oct., the Anglo-Italian School' of the Christian Brothers under the protection Of St. Patrick, was auspiciously inaugurated in the Eternal City. His Eminence Cardinal Respiglii, Vicar-General of his Holiness Leo N11I., on his arrival at the school was met at the entrance and conducted to lie Offertory toy Mgr. Adami, Archliishop of Caesarea; Mgr. Stonor, Archliishop of Trebizond: Mgr. Kelly, rector <,1 the Irish Colege; Mgr. ^uigeli, sec. retary to his Holiness the Pope, etc. The class roomg were filled to their utmost capacity by a distinguished and representative assembly. In addition to many Romans, there were also very many of the English-speaking residents of Borne, including large representation from the Irish members of the regular clergy, the students from the Irish Franciscan and Dominican Colleges of St. Isidore and St. Clement, as well aa many Irish and English priests, and others at present in Rome as pilgrims. When his Eminence Cardinal Respighi reached the Oratory the whole assembly rose, and the Cardinal having taken his place, the Rev. Pio de Mandato, S.J., came forward to address the meeting. He said that he had been requested bv the Christian Brothers to gr^Jt his Imminence and to thank him tor his vi-.it to their new house in Rome. The Brothers had come to Bo me to conduct a school for boys and youths on the sanie lines as the school which the English ladies of the Society of the Blessed Virgin Mary had established three years ago in the Via Nazionale, and which was so fruitful in blessings and so helpful to the Society for the Preservation of Faith in Rome. The v Brothers would therefore establish a school for boys in which the teaching of the English language would form a leading fea. ture, as well as a gratuitous evening school for youths for the study of English and other modern languages. The fame of the Irish Christian Brothers as educators of youth had been long since firmly established, not alone in Ireland and England, but in all quarters of the world. In Australia, New- Zealand, India, South Africa and Gibraltar, these religious were to be found labouring with zeal and Buccess. The Brothers had now come to Rome to help them in the w^rk of the Preservation of the-Faith which the foreign Protest ant sects, aided bv resources from England and America, were striving to undermine, by Various and insidious means—chief amongst their inducements being the teaching of English. Cardinal Respighi said that as the Apostles after the ^descent of the Holy Ghost had employed the gift of tongues to propagate the religion of Christ, so would these good religious from Ireland likewise employ it to preserve this glorious faith and to strengthen it against the assaults of heresy, which adopts every means to dim its lustre. Why should not they too avail of this means to preserve the precious deposit of the faith? From the interest which the Holy Father took in the work of the Society for the Preservation of the Faith and from the blessing which His Imminence now invoked upon this latest auxiliary to their tvork, he anticipated the happiest results. He prayed that the blessing of the Holy Spirit might descend on the heads of the Brothers and their scholars. The Cardinal next proceeded to read the prayers prescribed by the ritual for the blessing of a religious house. Accompanied by his attendants he visited each room, blessing and sprinkling with holjr water as he proceeded ; at the conclusion he relumed to the Oratory and completed the ceremonial. We have received "The Xaverian," which is edited by the pupils of Xavier's College, Kew. In the opening paragraphs of "editorial," gratification is expressed that the college has been enrolled among the public schools. The college annual is printed on fine-toned paper, the letter-press being also excellent. •••' Amongst the numerous illustrations is ti veiy fine one of ,3oan of Arc. The -holy maiden is represented in the attitnide of receiving the sword from A ngoUc hands ;whi!st attending her father's-flocks. ' 