LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. V ? : ? OFFENSIVE LOYALTY IN SHOALHAVEN. (to the editor, freeman's journal ) biR,— 1 think there are very few liberal-minded men who read the letter published in the Shoal havbn News, headed ' Rebels in Our Midsfcf' that ?will not regret the cowardly attack made upon lfone of tne cloth' for an alleged charge of dis loyalty. . From what I know of the residents of Shoalhaven, .',.? both - Protestant and Catholic, they will not feel at all obliged to the person who wrote the letter over the name ♦? Pan-Britannic,' no doubt with a view to create religious and sec tarian animosity among the people, and get for the district the offensive notoriety that at one time rested upon Kiaraa through the fabulpuB ' Kiama Ghost' Btory. ' . v ? ;:: ,' '' ' . :' ?; - ,. ?? ? '. ?'.,'? ? Exuberant loyalty often lands men who should know better into a very awkward position. Mr. Justice Grantham, one of the Judges in the English Courts of Law, passed some severe strictures at the Lancaster Assizes when opening that court, not on a Roman Catholic priest, but on the Protestant Dean Kitchen, for stating, as the Judge said, 'that our troops were the scum of the gin-palaces,' &c.; The Londpa Daily TsLEGRAPJi, January 30, 1900, states what Dean Kitchen did say was :—?' With 'what spirit did we send out bur fighting men ? Amid the drunken revels which form the music hall ideal of good-fellowship ; the excitement of the gin-palace and the London streets, as if the bottle were the best prelude for the 'battle; the cries of )m the poor lads to avenge this or that ; greedy news 1 papers spreading unfounded- slander against our opponents ; the'insistence by which prejudiced and angry ignorance have persuaded us that the enemy ?was but a horde of savages, who would run away at once.' But Dean Kitchen, did not let Mr. Justice Grantham slip away so quietly ; he wrote him the following note: — .' :. ? -.- ?* The Deanery,, Durham, Jan. 29. ' Mr. Dear Mr. Justice Grantham,— I am sending ft true copy of :my simple sermon, which you have not'.seen, yet have publicly condemned. I thought the Bench never gave judgment before it knew the facts ; yet you have in court censured me on mere newspaper reports. Englishmen have still a right to their honest convictions, and if they believe in them to express their belief in words; but you, I fear, have joined the conspiracy of silence to close independent mouths. Itw.ould be a very bad day for England did the Judicial ..Bench stoop to follow your unhappy example ; did the ermine condescend go low as to play to the gallery in. days of political or national trouble.—- Yours sincerely, . ' (Signed) G. W. Kitchen.' I wonder what. Mr. '. Pan-Britannicj' of Shoal HAVBn News notoriety, will think ,of ; Dean Kitchen ?—will he consider him a rebel ? It dqesTnqt matter - what such people think of a pure-minded, honest man's action. However, I feel proud of. Buch a man as Dean Kitchen, and endorse every word fee Wrote. I have no doubt Mr. Grantham is sorry now that he made the comments he did, Now, such people as 'Pan-Britannic' are fond of singing 'Rule Britannia,' and 'Britons never shall be slaves I' Yet, such people would wish to make others slaves if they differed from their views. What rubbish ! Surely the people of Shoalhaven will not allow such impudent dictation. — Yours truly, /;.: TIMOTHY FOGARFY, 