LOCAL AND GENERAL. WMAT'S everybody saying? You 11 uet it cheaper at Doughty'S. * A Licensing Court was hell yesterday ftt which several renewals of hotel licenses were granted. The liceuso of the " Carriers' Anns " By rock was transferred from Robert French to Mathow Ryan. There was no police objection to any of tho appli* cations. MR. E. C. Milluk, hon. secretary of the local branch of tho Indiau lamina Reliof Fund, yesterday forwardod to the Mayor of Sydney a third instalment of £10 collected iu Botirko. This make* £30 so far sent. As tho lists close noxt week intending sub scribers should scud their donations to Mr. Millen at once. OWNERS of horses for sale arc advised to read Messrs. Waro Bros.'s announcement in this issue of tho approaching »iait of a genu ine big buyer of suitable Inrsefleah. Tho «late of his arrival has not yet been fixed, but it will bo sometime this mouth. Moan* whi!o owners of any number, from 1 to 100, should communicate with .Messrs. Ware Bros., win will supply all mceaiury inform ation. Woods* Great PoppermintCuro for Coughs and Colds nerer fails. Is G>i. * Writing on Saturday lait, our lota's Bridge correspondent says Adverting to the short paragraph in my last letter rola tivo to Hi* candidates for Confirmation at Yantabullu, I hear that tho six young peoplt) who were confirmed hailed from Uuugerfonl, and not ono from tho commu nity of Yantabulla. Miss Smith deserves every ercdit for looking allot* tho spiritual welfare of tho rising go) oration at the border township, auil it is Tory satisfactory to know that their religious education is not neglected. I can call to mind twenty years ago thor«: wasn't a child iu the village, and tite population numbered tight persons, and iu the way of buildings-ono hotel and a store. Times were lively iu those days, what with fencing and tank-sinking. Cur rawinya was called IlooilnvilU-, and Boo rara was mi out-station. Tho property at that time belonged to tin NViison family, who sold it to Mr. \V. B. Patterson. Tile run was then divided, ar.d this gentleman sold Currawinya to Messrs. I'orster, Car- i stairs and Mandoville, who are there still. May orcry prosperity attend them, for they deserve it. Groat Cesar's Ghost! poar wasted frame, That once full vigor did possess, Can't be a man in eUo but name, His cough has brought him such distress. The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's eoU he'll not endnre, i Oh, ne'er pay die, but take a drink 1 Of \Y, 10. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. TVnttN does tho Public Instructs » De partment intend to send anotherteachcr to tho Pora Boro school ? '1'ho school has been closed ever sinco the JS.ister holidays, nmoh to the disadvantage of tho 25 or 30 chil dren attending it, and much to the annoy ance and indignation of their parents. Per haps Mr. Davis will shako tho Department up a bit. No precautions can bo too great in the most trivial outlay. Hence this advice, you'll git it cheaper ut DouOhty's. Tjir followingollicial letter, addressed to Mr. W. \Y. Davis, M.P., has boon forwarded to us for publication : -Department of Pub lic Works, Sydney, 2Gth July, 1900.-Sir, I am dircctod to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of tho 2lth instant, asking for a futthcr grant of £'">0 for road woik in North Bourko, and to inform you that a fu- thrr communication will shortly be made to you, heing merely an intimation tint your letter has b««n received,-I hare, &c.;, Uohkrt HuMySOn, Undue Secretary and Cournissioner for Uoads, " By order of tho South Australian Go vernment," a report on 1 lie uses of 12U C5ALYPTUS OIL was made. This report is contained on the circular accompanying each bottle of PAULDING'S EUCALYP TUS OIL. All mothers should read this. Sydney Ollice. IG O'Connelhatrcot. AT tho local Polioo Court yesterday Wil liam Ilill was sentenced to imprisonment till the rising of tho Court for refusing to pay sispenco for liquor supplied to him at tho Koyal Hotel. Mr. Moses, tho proprietor, nskoil tho P.M., to doal leniently with tho offender, who, ou being searched at |tho gaol, was found in possession of £1-1. C. H. Gukkn is tho pooplu'a auctioneer. Knergetic, liberal, courteous and prompt. See Green. * Wu are dolightod to learn that Mr. ifedjoy Kirkpatriok, of tho first N.S.W. contingent in South Africa, has reaeitod nu Imperial commission in tho crack regiment, tho 6th Dragoon Guard* (Carbiniers). Air. Kirk patrick must Imvo done gallant work and proved himself evory inch a soldier to attain this proud distinction. A vui'UMlsAKY meeting of tho friends and well-wishers ef Mr. C. Hourn, District Inspector for Singer & Co., was held at Gale's Hold on Monday nit-ht. Upwards of twentv gentlemen attended, and Or. C, H. Soolt occupied tho cliair. After a general discussion it was decided to present Mr. Houm with a ('ift of friendship and esteem, and also to entertain tint g'-ntleman at a'* sond-olt" at the Central Australian Hotel on Friday night week,. Angust 10. Tho sum of £<» was nub?cribed in tho room, Dr. Scott heading tho list with a guinea, and Messrs. H. M. Lu-cotnbe, 1>. Shmv, H. C. Whittaker. II. Walker and d, Wiiddrll were appointed a committee, with Mr. P. J. Nash hon. secretary, to carry out the arrangements in conmetion with the presen tation and ?'send-off." Friends at Louth and Kntn'onia aro invited to assist the movement. Tuvc Uight Uov, J. C. M'Donald, Moderator of tho Presbyterian A^embU of New irouth NYidea, will arrive in Hourkft this weok, and will be specially welcomed ut a convcrsv zione at tho Presbyterian Church on IVidav night next at 8 oclock. A delightful musical programme has been preparod, and dainty refiVhmonts will bo freely diitributed. Tickets of admission aro only a shilling each. 