THE LADIES. CHATTER. "1 chatter, chatter as I go."—iwym, OUB COOK'S EXCURSION. There is nothing like a change—a complete change of air, or scene, or oocupa- fcion or of thought. As a general rule "She" ;refers biographies—big cubs in two vo- •with plenty of letters; but the book fumes in-hand (it was an autobiography, by-thevray), proved disappointing, 60 we spent the evening in reading cookery books with much enjoyment. " tithing lovelier can be found for• wonwn than to study household good.'—(Mil- " 'Peace hideti herself under the lid ot the well managed pot.' ,. . " 'True economy in the household Has Heaven for ite backer.' '"'Whatever are vou reading? "The headings of chapters of a cookery book, "The Housewife's Referee," by Mis. lJe Salia. Here are two more—for sauces: —'"Tis the sauce as ooesit (that s misquoted from Pickwick. What Sam Welier said the pieman said was—'It s tteseasonin' as does it.") Aod for breakfasts— •'A bit in the morning is worth more than all day long." _ _ . That's from Thomas Tussar. But the ee;n of the collection is from Byron— •fiieu- table aati a board to tempt even ghosts. To iisss the Styx lor more substantial feasts, I will" not dwdl upon ragouts or roasts, .Mix-it ail human history attests That-happiness tor man—the hungry sinner, tim-e Eve -eat apples, much depends on dinner. "Mrs. Maclurcan is less poetical," said "That Girl," "she contents herself with saying, "When a man eats, and eats well, he is in a condition which conduces to his comfort and good temper." "Feed the orute," 1 murmured, thinking of something the bright lady had said long a e°- >• ix, 'T)o you not remember what the little book on "Economical French Cookery for Ladies,' vou are so fond, of, says? That shculd b: transposed to Tempt as much as you can the appetite of the breadwinner,' " said 'That Girl.'. "The reason I like that little book is. because it cooks meat slowly—very slowly." 'lb:- autobiography was laid aside. This is a subject oh which "She" feels strongly, and, as I had hoped, she joined in the con- \ vcrsation. ' • "Jhe only fault to.be found with Mrs'. \- Maclurcan," she said, "is her careless way * of speaking of boiling meat. She d oes D ? t mean it, I am aire: from other things in •the book T should think she had the soul of \- a cook, but—she should be careful. When the save that beef should be 'kept boiling,' \- one who did not understand might rattle it like a pudding or a boiler full of clothes." "Listen- to this about boiling from the 'Referee,' 1 said." •'How often in ordinary kitchens does Hie . cook put a piece of meat into the sauceran. placing it over , the fire, and boiling it rapidly, when, instead it should have been boi.ed slowly, and the water, instead of being allowed to boil very fast, should have 1 ' j * ^ ocess In boiling the great thing is riot to let the meat coil. Few people understand the d.ffirence between stewing, simmering, and bailing. Stiwing and simmering, though similar, are. yet very different, and the difierei.ee is- that meat s&nmered; is to be eaten bv itself—tjiat is, the water or stock in which it is simmered is wanted for some- ••'•' thing else, and the meat taken out when - sufficiently cooked—and ^hat meat stewed - ; is when: both, meat-and liquor are to be j eaten - together. , When the water in" the saucepan bubbles at the top steams, it *•"-' ia boiling. Simmering is keeping the water 1 nearly boiling; little tiny bubbles every now and then appear at the edges, and in this state it should remain. When boiling : \- a leg of mutton, it should be -put into fast boiling water and allowed to Boil five minutes to make the outside hard and prevent the juices escaping. Then sufficient cold water should be added to reduce tie temperature; it should be brought gently.-to tie " boil;- when it is on thie point of boiling it must be skimmed most carefully, drawn to the side of the stove and allowed to simmer slowly." "She" quite approved, said thai "In boiling, the great art^as not t6 let -the meat boil" summed up the matter in a nut shell. "Why can't cooks learn to -simmer J things?" Tasked impatiently. "Why, I do not know," said "She" "but it is the most difficult thing to teach." "It' is not so easy • to simmer on some • ranges," said the superior woman. "Now on some ovens the whole top is an even heat • and it IB most difficult to cook slowly." "I had not thought of that—whatever • •' can you do?" "Oh, yon can manage it, can do most things, if you think. Just raise tie saucepan —a oit of hoopiron bait backwards and forwards will do. Set <ie pan on that and you can cook as slowly as you like over a big fire for roasting- Ana there js- a great deal in slow cooking—tHe French cook says so." . "Why that's in my book," I sad. "Las ten. "French cookery cannot be done quickly. The flavours have to be coaxed out: no hard boiling will ever do except as a preparation.' And here again—Heat warmed up, in order to be tender, must either simmer a whole hour or not at all. Here science comes to our help. During the first thirty minutes of simmering tie fibre becomes fiomyand tough, amd it will require thirty minutes more simmering to distend itself and allow tie subetemoe it is m o ( m o f \- simmering in to incorporate itself within iwdtsalat -" tie fibre, so that none of the nutritious qualities will be wasted, but, on the contra rv, will acquire new flavours, and be very easy of digestion.'" That ie from a recipe for cold beef warmed in tomato sauce, ttet should be good. Shortly, it comes to this. Break four or five tomatoes with an oz. of butter in a stewpan, add one ' onion' cut into four, a bouquet of herbs, dove, enough stock to cover tie tomatoes and a little pepper and salt. (Use water f if you have po stock.) Leyt boul, shaking it to keep it from sticking; When well melted dowji pass through a sieve or colander, h rubbing-well down with a woo den spoon, and being careful to scrape up what remains sticking to tie undeipart of tie sieve, as this is the beat part. Now for the beet. Put 2 oz. of butter in a stewr>an with a teaspoonful of flour; stir, and when well mixed, but not brown, pour all your sauce in it by degrees; add a little gravy or stock, and stir over a slow fire. When on tie point of simmering put in. slices of cold beef, about half an inch thick; put on the lid with a weight on top, and simmer for an hour. If you have not time for thie let it just teat through and serve." From book to book—from savouries and soups to sweets—we went, and a most interesting -evening it proved- Each had her favourite book. The Superior Woman stood by Sirs. Maclurean. Mrs. De Sali6 was too high-flown, she said; the Australian book •was better for everyday use. I painted out the really good rules for plain cooking, and hints for the kitchen and read extracts that made us all envious. Whart a difference there is between tie English way of doing things -with i . everything that can possibly be wanted at \- band an<l our rough and ready way of making things do. The idea of a kitcheniable covered with tin is one of those sicmple tilings one wonders no one thought of before. It should not be expensive, and think of tie comfort of it! One need hardly say it comes originally from America. "Fit a sheet of tin on the -table and perforate the edges for tacking; the tin should cover the thickness of the board top that it may ,be tMked on tie underside of the table." Oh for a table kke that! In the meantime would not a flattened-out kerosine-tin on the end of the table tostand pans on be a,comfort? MAGPIE. 