THE WOES OF A DRAMATIST. CLEHEJT Soon, DT IHB " UiTTESSAIi Magazike." life behind the scenes of any theatre in the daytime is the most depressing in existence. Ton come out of the daylight and are compelled to grope about vault like passages like a deluded hat. There is no one to help or guide yon, or to tell you how many steps you must asoend or descend before you arrive on the ghostly and ghastly stage, dimly illuminated with what they call o " T " light. If you do not sprain an ankle you are pretty certain to tumble over a pail of water left by a careless charwoman in order to break your shins. In the darkened' cor ners of the gloomy stage some of the first arrivals—minor members of the com pany—are already whispering ■ mys teriously, with their heads close together. It maybe about the play—it is more probably about themselves, their griev ances, and their more frivolous engage ments. .Ton enter the room appointed for the " reading " with your best " pro* p6rty" smile on your countenance, pre pared' to be " hail fellow, well met'" with everybody concerned. You expect courtesy, _ .apathy, geniality. Not a bit of- it 1 . here is -an implied grievance inadvanciof y.hi. . It is your fault; it is for your convenience, to air your vanity, tbat-these 3ctors and actresses have left their happy home and trudged to town this damp and toggy morning. A new play means more work, inces sant study, fresh rehearsals. Nobody wants one or the other. And you, the uuthor fiend, have done all this for your own personal self-aggrandisement. A sulkier, more woe-begone or more depressing audience never took the heart ont of a man's body. A seat is ap« pointed for yon, and a glass of water. For goodness sake, don't toncb it. I dis trust water conjured from" behind the stage by a call boy, in an undrained play house. A glance round shows distrust and apprehension on every single face. They are one and all prepared to be elighted or disappointed or. injured in some way or other. The very worst offender is the principal low comedian, for whom you havo prepared your wittiest lines. If he were a mute at a funeral ho could not more effectually deaden the depressing scene to the point I of despair. Before the reading; begins the actor-manager, particularly if he has a gook part in store for him,' implores the company to preserve striot secrecy on the subject of the author's plot. If any thing leaks out there is imminent danger of the play being pirated abroad, and if the newspapers get hold of the story all interest will be discounted. The manager might just as well talk to the walls. All are bound to secrecy, and a few days afterwards a mysterious paragraph ap pears, giving the whole show away, probably inspired by the actor-manager himself as a mild bribe for favors sub sequently to come. In fact,; such is the daDger of communicating between tbe stage and the active paragraphist that the author is unable to give to each member of the cast a printed copy of his work from which to study, and by which alone he or she can understand the material bearing of the characters, one toward the other, and the quid pro quo is nowadays so firmly established between actors, actresses, and journalists that many authors refuse to read their plays at all. The artists have- to study from " cues" and to pick np tlie story by fits and Btarta at re hearsals. In fact, I have known cases where, on the first production, those ena trusted with leading part3 did not know any more of what the play was about than the man in the moon. As yon read and read on, the attention partially stimulated at the outset sinks to xero. Bach soene cannot materially affect everybody. You soon see that nobody takes the faintest interest in what does not concern tbe individual artist. I re member on one occasion, when I had written what I thought was a very funny part for a very popular low comedian, and was reading it to him all tbe time, that he got up after his very best scene and said on going out of the room, "Kindly send for me, old fellow, when you come to my part." These are among the amenities of stage life. As the in terest wanes, your voice gets fainter and fainter and becomes monotonous and hollow as a ghost's. Nobody is looking at you or paying the slightest attention to what yon are saying. They are all staring up at the ceiling or out of the window. At last, with the cold beads of perspiration on your brow, yon close the book and mop your forehead with a sickly smile upon your' countenance. The first thing that the leading lady does is to come up to you with a forced grin upon her face and to deposit at yonr Bide the typed-out copy of the part you in tended • for her hound in brown paper. I don't suppose that you want me to play that creature," she says, with an air of offended dignity. " "Why, dear Mr Stott, you must be joking. I have a certain position in this theatre." And so they all slink away like discontented ghosts and leave "you alone in your misery. You grope your^ way back through the dark passages into the streets and try to drown5 your Carking care at tbe club. "What is said to be tbe heaviest railroad bridge in tbe world is now being bnilt by tbe Carnegie Company for its own private use across the Monongahela River, be tween the Braddock and Homestead works, six miles above Pittsburg. The company has already two big bridges of its own over the same river, and the third is made necessary by its constantly in creasing business. The bridge will be used for the conveyance of iron ore, coke, limestone and hot metal from the tour blast furnaces of the coiopuny. The main span of the bridge will be 500ft long and the bridge 2300ft long It will have a sidewalk and two railroad tracks. One of the tracks will be for tbe hot metal ears and the other for iron ore trains. The floor of the bridge will be of firebrick, to prevent damage to river craft in case of accident to the cars containing the molten lead. Tbe bridge will contain some of -the heaviest pieces of steel ever put into a bridge. The carrying power of the bridge will be practically unlimited, for it is probable that the structure will have to support ou the one track a single train of hot metal cars, containing Id to 20 tons each, extending from one end of the bridge to the other, and on the other track a train of iron ore and pig iron. One of the opportunities that is offered by electricity to railway managers is that of simultaneously lighting and ventilat ing their trains by means of electric lights and fans. The art of electric train lighting has now advanced to such a point that it has been demonstrated that electric lighting is both better and less expensive than oil and gas lighting, as well as more attractive _to passengers. The attention of railway managers should he directed to tbe great progress lately made in electric train lighting, and to the gain in safety as well as in economy possible through the use of electric light ing systems as compared with the more aucient illuminants still in vogue. The wheat buyers at Horsham, Pim pinio, and Jung Jung are complaining bitterly of tbe diffionlty tbey are experi encing in securing a sufficient number of trucks to get the grain away. A similar difficulty is being experienced by those engaged in the consignment of I wool "and wheat from HorshamT 