CHAPTER II. He lay back in a corner Geat of the carri-<*> age, panting, white-faced, exhausted. His-<*> clumsy boots, studded with nails, were wet, and his frayed black trousers were splashed with mud. ta (hie eyes was the light el •vivid fear, his delicate mouth was twitching still with excitement. In !hls eai« there rang yet t)he angry, cry of the guard, the shout Ing of poiiters, the excitemenit of that leap thr>o<uigih .the (hastily-op€ned carriage-door, tingled yet in Mb veins! Before bis eye there was a mist. He was conscious In deed that the carriage ntihiidb be bad market cut aslbelng empty w££ tenanted by a single pers-cn, but he had not cyan glanced anroM towards the occupied e'ealt. .What «ue*tered It so long as .they were off ? 'Already th*. fields seeaned flyi-ng past tihe window, on<i the telegraph poets bad wxmoneneed tbeir -frantic rece. "Ten, twenty, forty ndlee. an hour «t least. Off on th^t wcnderufl ruii. -the pride of the directors and the despair of rival companies. Nothing ?o<uld etop them mow, all silower traffic stood aside to let them pass, 'tfhe^express, with Iher two great engines vomiting fire and amoke, crawling across the 'map, flying ajcrc£fe bridges and through tunnels from the heart of the coun try to the greet city. Gradually, and with the ex'hilaraltion df their ever- increasing speed,, the ccrurage <X£ itlhe mam revived, and the .blood flowed onice mere warmly through .hla veins. He lifted 'hie bead and looked tiround him. Shook the first came when he realised that he was in a first-telass carriage—shock the second, when 'he caw that Ms solitary oom panion was a lady. With steadfast, fasci nated eyes, foe took in the details of her appearance and surroundings—wonderful enuugih to him toad foeen brought up in a cottage, and 'to wihoim the ways and re sources olf luxury were all unknown. Every seat fiayo -the one which lie occupied was -covered with her (belongings. On one was ,a ihal'f-opened dressing-case Oil erf with gold topped 'bottles ana\ emitting a ifaint delicate perfume ; on another was a pile of books and (magazines, op'ptislte to mm a.Eable dined coat, by Ms side a lumcfaeon baelket and long Jmnting-ltnl'fo. "fSien his eyes wore caught (by. an oiblomig Strip of paper pasted-across the carriage window—ihe read it beok- wards—engaged. What an intrusion! He looked towards the woman with etam inering words of apology upon (his lips, but tohe words died away ; he was toague-tied, He had met the languid gaze of her dark, full eyes, a little supercilious, a little amused, faintly curious, and his own fell at once before their calm insolence. "She was handsomely dressed, the delicate white hand which held her novel wa? ablaze with many and wonderful rings. . She was "evidently tall, without doubt stately. Her black hair, parted in the middle, dropped a little -to the side by her ears, her complexion, delightful ly clear, was of a curious ivory pallor un aseoclated with ill-health. She was re garding him through a pair of ivory-handled lorgnettes, whioh she carelessly closed as he looked towards her. " Will you tell me," she asked quietly "why you have entered my carriage, which is engaged—and in such an extraordinary manner, too ?" ... fie^ drew a little breath." He had never heard a voice like it before, soft, musical and with the slightest suggestion oF- a foreign accent. Then he remembered "that she was waiting for an answer. He began his, apology. "I am sorry, indeed, I am very sorry. I had no time to look inside, and 1 thought It was an empty carriage—a third-class one, too. It was very stupid." ' " . " You appeared to ibe," she remarked "in a hurry." " ' The faint note of humour in her tone nass ed undetected by him. "I wanted to get away/ he said. "I had walked fourteen miles, and* there was no other train. lam very sorry to Intrude upon you. The train was moving when I reached tihe platform, ana I jumped.'* Sho shrugged her shoulders slightly and raised her book once more. BuHfrg* ove? its top she found herself watching very soon this Grange travelling companion of hers The trousers above his clumsy *fto~i9 were frayed and muddy, his black clothes were shmy and antiquated in cut—these and his oddly arranged white tie somehow suggested the cleric. But when she reached his face her ?yes lingered there. It puzzled, and in a sense attracted her. His features were cleanly, cut and prominent, ids complexion was naturally pale, but wind and sun had combined to stain his cheeks with a sltent healthy tan. His eyes were deep set, keen and 'bright, the eyes of a vi?kmary per haps, but afire now with the Instant excite ment of living. A strange face for a man of his apparently humble origin. Whence had he come, and where was. he going ? The vision of his face as he had leaped into the carriage floated again .before her eyes. Surely behind him were evil things, before him—what ? She took up her novel again, but laid it down almost immediately. " You are going," she asked, "to Lon don ?" "To London," he repeated dreamily, "ffes." " But your luggage—was that left be hind ?" He smiled. " I have no luggage" he said. " You are going up for tfce day only ?" she hazarded. He shook his head. There was a note of triumph almost in his tone. " I am going for good,1' he said. "If wishes count for anything I shall never Eet foot within this county again." There was a story, she felt sure, con nected with this strange fellow-pnssengar of hors. She watched him thoughtfully- A human document such as this was worth I many^novels. It was not the first time tha: he had excited her Interest. " London," she said. "is a wonderfu pi nee for young men." He turned a rapt face t&wards; her. The fire 'Boemed leaping out of his eyes. "Others have found it so," he said. "I go to prove their words." "You are a stranger here, then ?" "I have never been further south than this in my life," ho replied. " I know onlj the London ol ; De Qulnoey and Lamb —Lon- don with tht^ji'alo. of romance around it." She sighed gently. " You will" find it all so different," she said.; ." You. wlirbe'bitterly disappointed.1 . He set bis lips firmly together. " I have no fear," he said. " I shall find it possible to live there, at any rate. .If i had stayed-^where I was—l must havegonc mad." " You are going to friends ?" she asked. He laughed softly. " I have not a friend in the world," he said. "In London Ido not know a soul. What matter.? There is life to be lived there, prizes to 'be won. There is room for every one." •She half closed her oyes, watching him keenly all the time with ajo| interest -which., was certainly not diminished. " London is a wonderful city," she said, " but she is not always kind to the stranger. You b?ve epoken of De. Quineey, who wove fairy, fnciea about -her ; ani Lnaab, why was an affectionate stay-at-home, a bora dweller in cities. They" were dreamers both; these men. What about' Chatter ton ?" '•'.■■ ■ .: ■■ " "An unhappy exception," he said. 'If only he had lived a few months longer his sorrows would. havei been over." ... " To-d.ay," she said, " there . are many Chattertons, who must £ie before the world will ltetento them. Are you going to take your place amongst them ?" He smiled confidently. " Not I," he answered. " I shall work I with my hands if menjwlll nave none of my brains. Indeed," he continued, turning to wards her with a swift, transfiguring smiie, "i am not a village prodigy going to Lon don with a pocketful of manuscripts. Don't LhUik that of,me. I am going to London because I have been stifled and chQked ; 1 want room to breathe ; to see men (and wo men Who live. Oh, you don't know the" sort of place I have come from, the brain poison of it ; the hideous sameness and narrowness of it all." "Tell me a little," -she said, " and why at last you made, up your mind to leave. It is not so long, you know, since I /-iw you in . somewhat different guise." A quick shiver seemed to pass through him, underneath his tanned skin he was pale, and the blood in 'his veins was cold. His eyes, fixed upon the flying landscape, I were set in a fixed unseeing stare,* surely the fields were peopled with evil ineuiories, and faces in the trees were mocking him. So he remained for several moments a& though in the grip of a nightmare, and the lady watched him. There was a little tra gedy then behind. " There was a man once.." he said.. " who drew a line through his life, and said to himself that everything behind It concerned some other person, not him. So with me. Such memories as I have, I shall strangle. To-day I commence a new life." She sighed. ? " One's past," sfhe said, " is not always so easily to be disposed of. .. Therfc are ghosts which .will haunt us, and sometimes the ghosts are living figures." " Let them come to me," he murmured, " and my fingers shall be upon their tforoats. I want no such legacies." She shook her head slowly. 'i "Ghosts," she said- with a faint smile, " are sometimes very difllcult people to deal with." ~_-- 