CHERHON GRAY. A L0YE STORY. (By 'Taekra.') It was spring— and in the spring a young maid's fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love. 'Yes I'll do it; why shouldn't I? Am I not an up-to-date girl? I'll ask them all up, and I will marry the man of my own choice. So spate a delightful girl as she lay on the grass under the pear trees ana the white blossoms fell m flakes over her. She was quite young, quite pretty cle'ver, and lovable; but most men bored her, because they fell in love with, her, and only talked nonsense, so she determined to do her own wooing and in her own style. r.hprrv was her came, short for Cheriton Gray, and it matched her looks. She had parents, but they were a cypher. As Cherry said, 'Oh, I'm fond of my people, but you know they ought never to have belonged to me; I'm not their sort.' And she was right. Cherry ought to ; have been born on a tree as a bunch of tantalis ing cherries, red and refreshing, but always boo blng out of reach, and when caught apt to jar your teeth on their stone heart if you wera too eager acd bite quickly. She threw pebbles into the stream idly, and did not see someone come up from behind her, who looked at the dainty little white clad figure with much love, but stood quite still a few yards off,, and whispered very tenderly with his hands haii outstretched. 'Oh, Cherry — Cherry — won't you love me a lit tie bit some day? I love you so.' She did not hear him, arid went nearer the pool, where she caught tadpoles in her pretty brown hands and addressed one; while the roung man threw himself down the other side of a quince hedge, and watched the quaint picture framed in rosy white blossoms and tender green leaves. , ,. ?'You see, Mr. Tadpole,' she began, 'you don t like being caught, do you? No more do I, but I like to do the catching myself. I like to watch you swimming along so merrily, going where you like, never thinking at all. Then I put in my hand, and catch you fast, and wriggle as you i may you can't get away. I put you back for a i minute to freshen you up, and 1 don't hurt you, do I? The tadpole wriggled uneasily, then lay still, and gave a gasp or two, and Cherry threw it back, saying, 'Poor thiisg, I didn't nieau to hurt fc;.I only, held it gently, but— O dear, it eeems to me that I'll never, never find a man 1 could really love, for I'll not love him TinUes 1 have a long, hard chase, and all the men I've ever mot seem to want me tti^alch them, so they keep close. I will try an experiment. I've got an idea. I'll talk to each one on his particular hob v~ . ? «t, +;mQ t _-to« iiiTTi unitil Via hntea me: then I'll chooee the one who hates me most aisd win him back. Isn't that a bright idea?' The young man chuckled and lay still, with, a merry gleam under his half- closed lids. 'Oh, lit tle nut-brown maid, how delicious y;u are, and ycu hate flirts! How I love her, rad I will win har too; I'll lead her such a chase that she must love me best.' So the game began. Cherry sant four large en velopes with thick invitation gold-edged cards, ad dressed in curious upright writing, to the most fa vored wooers, to the effect that sae would be really glad to see them, on Saturday afternoons. Of course, each one .was allotted a different time. There were four happy hearts in Yelverton Town 'that night, for Cherry was very indiSerant, and they knew not that each had received a favor able note. Douglas Graeme, tha young man we have met, was the happiest of all, for he knew the secret Cherry supposed heard only by the tad poles, who always keep secrete well. The first Saturday afternoon Jim came out to meet Cherry in the field mear the pear trees, . who knew the secret, and they listened with all aheir flowers bending so eagerly forward that many fell cff. Jim thought the girl adorable, and inouglit of all the pretty things he could say about her eunrty brown fluffy hair, her violet eyes, her rosy lipe, her pure brown sweetly-curved face, and as he took her hand he began: 'You daar little thing.; so you don't reject me after all. Cherry, I'll never love' any ? 'How ere your horses, Jim; I'va been- thinking so cf Zephyr. You know about his sore shoulder. Tell me all about it,' broke in Cherry eagerly, with the deapesit sympathy in her voice and eyee, . while Jim looked surprised, but eaid: I 'What a tender heart you have, dear! He's i much better, thank you. But It want to talk of you, my sweetheart. Will you really marry ? mtfti 'I've been wanting to tell you how much better Caroni's ointment Is than Dubarri's paste for rubbed sores. Our vet. says ? ' 'Oh, Cherry, do be quiet! Didn't you want to tell me that you didn't mean what yon said to me the other day? Won't you listen now, and telf me I may- — ' 'Listen! I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll cone over and look at your horses, and you shall tell me all. their good points. I know you love them so, and I'd like to please you, Jim, but do reinem ? ber to try my ointment ? ' Jim looked at the demure face before iim a moment, then muttered something under h.:s breath, arid -turned away with a savage stride, ! looking back once to say: 'Have you nothing else to say to me? You are heartless!' ? ; . .. _s. _,;?',_.? 'Jim! Just ^iienjl'ni so M%k\M sympathetic about your sicjt;jiorse, G6odTbye;ldo hope, he'll be better sopjJ..''3' -; '.','. '.? A sound like/an,,. angry sroyj :fl6ated by, ? and Jim disappje^rea.^jiile 'Cherry smiled, and said, 'Jim thinksfl^m ia wretch. That's Ifo. 1.' The next Saturday David caine to the stream for an afternoon's fishing 'with his 'angel' Cherry by appointment,- and she appeared to time, sup plieti with an armful of fishing gear, much to his surprise, for,, as a Tule, she Just put on her pret tiest frock ? and practised charming wiles upon him, while he made love to her and pretended to fish. He was supposed to be a most ardent fisherman at any other time. David made up Ms mind that he would propose to Cherry this day, as sfle had been so gracious to him, and felt very much elated when he saw she was trying to please' him by learning to fish. They baited their hooks and sat on the bank hap pily enough, while David answered all her inqui ries aoout me art oi nsnmg wiia acuguu ne thought, ''How charming to have a wife who would be such a companion as this.' After an h«ur or two they put the fish in the basket, wound up their lines, and went for a stroll among the yellow broom, which looked a perfect lover's walk, with the gold sun shine flickering through the lacework of yellow blossoms ..and. green stems on to the pathway strewn with ..withered leaves, brown, and crinkly, and fragrant. David looked at Cherry approv ingly;.. Cherry looked at David smilingly; he took her hand- in. both of his, pressed it gently, say ing; 'Miss Cherry, you must — er — I — er — love^ — er '— doii't you know I love you, darling; there's no one like, you anvwhere. Oh! Cherry!' \'You know i quite love fishing,' said the girl, still spilling at him; 'it's such fun catching them, but I don't like seeing them die. 'Couldn't you kill, them ;at once, next time?' 'Cherry, don't; listen to me. I can't hear to be chaffed on a matter like this. I want you, my sweet, just you — won't ? .' 'I was just think that you must fix up a little basket for me with fish hooks and things, so that I can go out alone; 'and tell me what flies,' went on Cherry, as if nothing else interested her. ? , 'Hang it, are you listening to me. I think you ought to after asking me out! Do you care cne little bit, dear?' went on David, with a break in his voice. ui course, i just love nsning witn you. iu soon be a regular Izaak Walton, won't I?' 'I know that you require no lessons in fish ing. You are very cruel, and I hope you may never cross my way again. Good afternoon. Miss Gray. I will leave the basket at your door as I go By.' And so with dignity David walked away, and the girl laughed to herself as she murmured, 'Isn't it fun; he hates me, too.' The next Saturday Jack came to the house to spend the af ternooa with her in the garden. He was an enthusiastic gardener, and was glad Cherry wanted him to help her, for he hadr pro posed last spring and been rejected; but he look ed on this almost as a proposal from her. He thought how pleasant it would be to spend hours together in their own garden over the flowers — lierseii a very queen ol cowers. -?'?'Gcod afternoon, Jack,' cried cut Cherry, as he canie in at the gate. 'Won't we have a love ly time? I'm going to fix up the garden, and I've read two gardening books; so that we'll have plenty to talk about, and I've been learning the names of all the varieties cf dahlias, and — oh! . come on) let us begin.' | The youug fellow, was radiant. Here was the ? girl of his choice anxious to join in his hobby. What a lucky chap he was, to be sure. He saw now that she had only been pretending, so that she might have a little fun, and this was her own pretty way of making it up. They were chatting x-n the virtue_ of a loam s*oil for carnations, and Jack said sentimentally — 'Cherry, do you know there is one flower I'd like to have in my garden. I wonder if you would , g-ive it to me?' 'Of course;, take it, will you?' 'I can't, unless you give it, dear; I want the whole tree.' 'Well, I'll ask father; he'll give it to you all right.' 'Do you think so? — I shall be happy; it's the loveliest thing I ever saw.' 'Where is it?' asked -innocent- eyed Cheritonj . looking all round eagerly. : 'In your shoes,' replied Jack, with a glimmer of mischief in his eyes. 'Oh, do you mean me? I — really! You can't mean it. Come and look at my calciums and ra nunculus plants in the border; they really are ? ' 'I don't want to see the confounded things; I came to see you, Cherry ? ' 'I t nougat you came to help me with tfce gar den.' 'So I did, but I thought you meant me to under stand — — ' '?So I did; I thought you knew such a lot about gardening that you'd teaeli ine!' 'L-i-sten, Ciieriton, yea knew I'd propose to you quite well, and I will not be put off. Are you listening?' 'Yes, you said a little while ago that carnations required care and ? ' 'I told vou that I loved vbii. mv ceaTPsti- do vmi hear that?' ' 'I remembsr that when I was at your place you kept the grapevines well down to make the hedge. Shall we prune?- — ' 'Listen, you little coquette; I'll not be trifle-J with,' and he caught her by the shouldere and turned her face to his, as he continued sternly — 'Do you, or. do you. not, care for me at .all? I've loved you always — little sweet pansy face I can't live without you.' 'Talking of pansies, I have thirty-two sorts. Come -and see them,', she said coaxingly, looking into his eyes, but he only said, letting her go — 'I don't want to see them. There are no flow ers in the world foj me now; no light, no color. Goodbye, Cheriton, you don't know liow cruel you are, with your winning ways. Goodbye, dear.' The girl stood half irresolute, as he leapt the wall into a field near by, and she saw him brush the back of his hand across his eyes, as he squared his shoulders, and strode on out of sight. Then he threw himself on the side of the hill, and lay very still, with his face rather pais, and an ache in Ms heart;.- and just tlfen he thought he hated everything, but most of all, little 'pansy blos som,' as. he had called her. The girl did not feel quite so happy as before. She liked this man, and Ms very insistence had pleased her, but she must, go through with the list. choose him unless he gave. her a siern chase. \- Douglas was her favorite,, but she would not choose him unless he gave her a stern chase. Tlie next Saturday was the time whea Douglas meant to score, and it was with a very, light heart that he met her by the garden gate, and they went off for a long walk by the sea shore. _ The man was full- of fun, and Cherry began to think she would get 'no fun at all this time. They sat down on the %an'd, ana 'Bougias -felt a great ten derness ecme over him, so that he wanted to let her :wallt on: him if she wanted to; but he knew what slie -had. -.confided to the tadpoles. ;;;.:' Dec y.dST;. know. I like you awfully much,' said =4&ei;!ji«fc*43row!Srnjnaid; as she -lightly tcuched his aria. r'?'Dd' you like me, too?' 'Yes; -of course.' ~ 'Why, of- course, you never said so before?' 'Oh, didnt=m^rm very fond of — of — going out -. :th you.' ? '? 'Are you? How nice. I get' so tired of some people.' ??' :.. 'Yes.' ? V ? ' 'I say, Douglas, I've been trying an experiment, and it was great fun at first; iut It's not so funny, now.' 'No!' 'I suppose things always bore ine when bne\ gets used to them?' s . -;? ? '. : '?'.-. 'I suppose so.' ' ' -.:;V ?? ,vV. ' 'Why don't you talk to-me; do I bore you?' Douglas could scareely^keep his handfi off the sweet, quaint figure beside him, he loved her so; yet he must not tell her, or- she would not choose him. 'Really, I have nothing to say.' ?? .. ? 'Are you not happy with me?' 'Yes, of course.' 'But, Douglas, don't be such an unkind thing to me; be pice, at once.'- . And the-. violet eyes blazed while the tender mouth queried. Douglas broke down, and picked her up in his strong arms, saving, eagerly: '^Cherry, Cherry, Cherry, don't you- know I love you better than my life; be kind to me, my sweet. I heard you talk to the tadpoles that day, and I determined to make you think I was hateful, so that I might win you. Oh, my little love, love me, love me back.' The pain in his voice made Cherry give a pitiful little sob, as she said: 'Douglas, dear, I didn't know you cared like that. I was only half in fun. Don't be so sad — I — I — oh, I don't love you; I can't marry a man who lets me catch him easily, and should tire of him so soon, and go out to catch someone else. Be kind — to me — because I — I'm so 'bad,' and she let her head slip on to his shoulder and. sobbed out her heart. ?*. He was very kind because of his great love, but he felt she was right. She would never be happy unless she won her happinc in her own way. It might be a whim; but such whims sometimes broke women when they were crossed. Duke of York. He resolved to try and wait, and perhaps she would come to him some day, perhaps in many years, and she would belong to him at last. They went back by the sea, and the waves seem ed to sob in the grey twilight whence all the warm j sunlight had faded, while a sobbing wL - sprang ' up from the distant ocean, and wailed ' among the sombre cliffs, and ?above . all the stars gleamed serenely in the dark, blue sky, sending tiny rays of light into the hearts of both man and girl as they climbed the steep hill homewards, and the man said — 'Good-night, my little darling. When you want me come to me, ard I will wait for you air ways. I think your experiment will break your heart, but come to me when you Tare hurt, and. rest in my love.' Cherry could not see his face. Her eyes were misty with tears that seemed to rise from her heart, but she said, 'I know all you mean — I must, do what I want. Good-bye, dear.' And* she slipped up to. her room, and, flinging herself by her bed, said, 'Oh, God, God! make me better. I have been so cruel, and I was only in fun. Oh, God! give me a -better heart, and send me a man who will master me, and guide me, and make me good. They all let me twist them about. I want to have someone I must please. Forgive my sins, and give them good sweet wives.' Cheriton met all the men again, and at her smile they were ready to throw themselves at her feet, but she only .scorned them for it — ex- cept Douglas, who kent out oS her way wisely; Duchess of York. i but she knew her power over him, and her hunter instincts were not whetted. * * * * : I The following leaves from Cheriton Gray's diary give an idea of what followed: 'January 2. 18 — . — I have met The Man to^ night. He is great and clever, and is a woman hater. He is strong — ah, so strong that he could wield anyone he chose to his will. I could love this man, but it will be a slave's love for 3 master. 'January 30. — I have met him many, times, and he never pays vthe least attention to me. He scorns me because I am a woman.\ 'February 15.— I love him. I worship his iron will and strergth of body and nerve. God, give me this man. -..-..... . ? , 'February 25. — I have used every -art, and, he pays me not the least attention. I. follow him and worship him, but he is cold, , so :cold, yet 1 love him the more. I will win him yet. Others say he is brutal; I think him manly. I will melt him yet. , r 'March 3. — He has asked me jtb marry him. Does he love me? ^1 ..think he does. not know what love means, but I will teach him by the greatness of my love. Am I happy? I do not know. I think often of Douglas — dear Dou glas.' * * ' ? * 'Did you hear the news?' asked everyone at a big soiree in the city of S — — . . ? . . 'No; what is it?' '\ .- ? ' 'Cheiritcn Gray Is engaged to ;-the: most disagree able man anyone ever 'met; he never, says a plea sant thing, never does a pleasant thing, ' never, locks pleasant, consistently annoys people, and certainly is clever and heartless. He writes successfully, but only one word describe- him— 'brute.' ' ?,:.. . ? ' 'She's delightful. Why dia she do it?' 'Why does a woman ever do1 it/ as. you so elo quently put.it? I believe she never cared for anyone, and vowed she never would, till she jinet a man she could not knock off his -balance.' : : 'Does he care?' ' 'Oh! after a fashion. He's scientific and cold blooded. She Is a beauty of uncommon type, and full of life; he'll dissect her, and kill her by inches to make a book that everyone will rare over.' She married the man who was as much in lore as such a machine could be. She had found her master, whose hand could control her, and lie knew the glorious instrument be touched, and all it meant tor him; but, as for loving her— what was love to him — a thing to be dissected, dis membered, catalogued, studied In all its phases, and thrown aside as newer subjects appeared. She married him, and everyone pitied her; but she was happy, for she was dominated at last, and, therefore, she loved him with a devotion rarely known. « * ? ? ? The same spring trees, the blossoms falling, falling in their fragrant showers of pink and white snow, the same fair scene, and careless tadpoles swimming Jin the clear stream. Five years had left no mark on Nature's handiwork, except, perhaps, a richer maturity. Douglas lay under the trees, and thought and thought until his heart ached of Cherry, whom he bad heard of as bearing a broken heart so bravely that only those who loved her knew. 'Mv lnvp mv liMJn' pirl Inva m*r llf+la vutt- brown maid, how I love you still; and I can do nothing— nothing; only wait — you will come some day!' The evening faded into night; but be did Hot move. He had forgotten the hour— it was still a spring afternoon to him, with Cherry beside him. The moonlight fell in broken silver flakes through the flower- laden boughs on a figure in a trailing white dress, with her head veiled in some soft material, so that her eyes looked at you through a mist. She knelt beside him, and put her arms about him, and cried as if her heart were broken — low, stifled sobbing that never rose high, but kept on like a wave that never breaks. She kissed him again and again, and gathered him into her arms, and he woke. 'God! Cherry, my own, my dearest heart— at last, come to me — forever mine, Cherry— my wife only — God gave her to me long ago — my sweet, how lovely you are! Do you remember all we said by. the sea — do you remember?' So they talked on for hours into the night; so happy in their love. She told him of her terrible «*.*- -iioL uau uiivcu uci away, ana mey tola eacu other many things. Morning dawned, and Doug las turned to kiss Cherry, his long-lost love, when he found himself alone — the morning sun glit tered among the blossoms, the birds sang, but Cherry was gone, gone — and yet he felt her kisses quivering in his blood still. He never saw her again; but in the morning paper he saw that she had died that night she came to him under the pear trees by the stream. The same paper had a notice of the comnlg out of a book by her husband that won him great glory — Douglas knew it was the price of a woman's life. Now, Cherry was his for all time, he spent all his time by the old trees that knew all he knew; and some folks thought him mad; and pointed him out to strangers, and told the story. Many folks will not go there at night, for they say Cheriton Gray's ghost walks under the trees al ways, and they fear her; but Douglas loves her. He is a middle-aged man now, queer aind quiet; but he walks up and down the pear tree avenue on moonlit nights, and is at peace, for, as he says, 'Her husband killed her, and she gave her broken heart to me, and I have bound it up with mine, and so it is mine for ever, now;' and those who know say, 'God gave her heart's desire in his own way at last.' 