CHATTER xnr. His Sisters. X spite of Max's asser tion that lie bad no influence with his father, Mr. Brendon was ready to llffiii l'steu t0 suggestions aWi fil from hiin, aud anxi ous, if possible, to act on them. It was owing to his repre*. sentntions, therefore, ihat a house in Gay Street was let at n ' • nominal rent (which lueidook to pay) to Mr. St. Aidan, who thereupon started a scries of classes and . evening lectures for bovs and working men. Max brought his own lads, and thus formed a nucleus of an institution which later on developed great proportions, and became an undoubted power in Scars field. He himself taught a class two or three evenings • in the week, and other helpers were rapidly found. Miss Lingard gave three evenings a week, and started a class for girls as well as. for working men. She came .into contact occasionally with Mar at these Gay Street rooms, but only occasionally, for he was too much occupied at this time to think long of anything but' business, and when be had finished his lesson to the toys he generally went back to the office instead of waiting to see the other teachers. He had lately been thrown into company with a man named Barley—the proprietor in part of some chemical works, in which Mr. Brendon was already interested, although his name did not appear in the business transactions. Mar, who was his father's right hand in evervthing, had ob tained for himself a small share in the chemical works, and had them much more at heart than his father's business. When Barley, becoming involved in money diffi culties, desired to get rid of his responsibili ties, it occurred to Max, who had a strong speculative turn, that he might purchase the " concern " aud become sole proprietor. This, of course, he could not do without his father's co-operation, and, as he was not fond'of asking favours, some time elapsed before he could make up his mind to broach the subject. Finding, however, that he would lose his chance if he did not act i quickly, he mentioned the project to his 1 father in a careless, off-hand manner, as if. it were merely a sudden thought. Mr.! Brendon cut him short at once. He had no ! , money to spare for risky investments. Bar ley's works had never been successful; they were in an unfortunate spot, whence the fumes were killing all the trees in Captain Ester's park. Eshcr had already threatened to prosecute the proprietor, and might do it at any time. Besides, Max ought to be I contented with his present position. Max saiJ, ,;Very well; there's an end of it, then,".ami changed the subject, i But later in the day Mr. Brendon re verted to it. He asked some questions, which brought to light the fact that Max had been seriously studying the details of the business. Unconsciously he betrayed, too, that he had set. -his heart on the scheme; and Mr. Brendon was not the man to be uninfluenced by bis sou's desires. He set off for Barley's works without saying any mora to Max, inspected the place, saw Barley aud his .own so.lcitor, and then came back to his private room at the office, whero Max was, as usual, quietly and efficiently busy. " What would Cecil- say to that scheme of yours? /He might think it unfair, eh?" said tu.i father, turning his back on Max, as he opened a drawer aud pulled out some papers., A gleam came into the young man's eyes, but he simply ansuercd, after'a pause, "You mean about Dar'ey's place?" " Yes. If you're equal with Cecil here, and master there, what will he say? And whit will your mother say?" Mr. Brendon closed the drawer and turned round, looking shrewdly at his son from under his grizzled eyebrows. "» . "I could drop this," said Max—meaning his work in Sir. Brendon's office. " But I don't want you to drop this." " The matter had better end there, then,", said Max, coolly returning to his work, as if there were nothing more to say. But he was not discouraged; he knew his father's \rays.> •' Mr. Brendon grunted and kept silence. "You've not been altogether well treated," ho said, presently, in a reflective tone of voice. " You liad the first place here before Cecil came back; it was rather like cutting you out when I installed him in the office, wasn't* it?" " I never made any objection," said Max, rather gruffly. Certainly father and son were very much alike. "You might have done. I always meant to arrange something special for you, if he stayed on, but I did not think of you leaving us. I don't see how we are to get on. without you." "I won't leave you, then," said Max, without looking up from his writing. • "Put it out of your head, sir. I was a fool to mention it." '' * • " You were anything but a fool to mention it," responded.Mr. 'Brendon, with a short laugh. "I have been over the works this afternoon. I fancy that they would pay in the long run. I might take Cecil into partnership, by way of a sop to him and his mother, and set you up independent of us altogether." * • Max laid down his pen, and put his hands before him on the desk, pressing his finger-tips together in a reflective manner. "Who would take my place here?" he asked. " Cecil could not." " Cecil's a terribly useless fellow. No, I would have to look after things more closely than I have been doing hitherto." " That would not do for you, father. Let me stay on here for a time, gradually drop ping the work as I see my way, and train ing one or two of the office fellows to divide it between them. There is young Chatoner; he's a bright lad, and James Lloyd; a thoroughly conscientious .fellow." "Too much for you to^do." * " I think not. Barley's place* is not fifteen minutes' walk down the canal bank from here. I,timed it yesterday." . "How long have you had this p'an in your head, I should like to know?" " Only for a short time." And then Mr. Brendon entered into . business details, in which tho two were speedily ^absorbed. Mr. Brendon concluded the discussion in these words:— "It seems as if it would do. Ofepurse I shall have to change the disposition of jhy capital in my will if I do this for you.' You are getting your share now, you under stand " ' "Certainly, sirl" "I would rather do more than less for you, Mux, bat I must consider the .others as well as you. I shall be sorry to lose you from the office." "You won't lose me yet," said* Afar, taking the hand that his father held out to him. "I shall not go until everything is in good trim here. I am very much obliged to you, sir " " Yes, yes, we'll take all that for granted. Walk down with me to Dariey's, will you?" Thus unemotionally was the matter settled which involved a complete change in the manner of Max's life and his position in the world. He had thought of borrowing capital from his father, and paying back the loan by instalments; but .Mr. Brendon chose rather to purchase the works and transfer the whole right to his son by deed of gift, together with, capital sufficient to start h'uu in an independent career. These arrangements took some time to carry out, but eventually Max'became sole proprietor of " Barley's Caustic Works," as the build ; ing was generally called, and seemed likely to develop^ Into a prosperous man on his ; own account. Max was very much gratified. It had been the dream of his life, to work for himself, not as a subordinate, but as a master, and, although he would not have acknowledged the fact, he had been bitterly disappointed when Cecil's return to Scars field liad deprived him of the place in his father's office which seemed to be his by right. He did not now entirely discontinue at tendance at his father's office, but managed to get through a. good deal of his old work by way of screening Cecil's deficiencies and making things easy for Robert Chaloner. In addition to his room at home he had a bedroom fitted up for himself at the Caustic Works; so that he might sleep there when be preferred not to> annoy . his mother by . comiug home late at' night. ' His ambition was to have a house of his own—a home where, until lately, he had imagined that Ursula should hold- sway.! But recently there had come a slight distaste for the notion of Ursula's management. He loved . his sister as dearly as ever, but he began to feel that he wanted more than' a sister's help; he wanted a different kind of affection the tenderness and the joy that come of a woman's love. In short, Max wanted to marry; and, again; until lately, he would have said that he knew precisely'the kind of woman whom he wished to make his wife. She most he his junior by some years; she' must be pretty, amiable, engaging, teachable; he would rather she were poor than rich, and he was quite sure that he did not want her to have strong opinions on religious subjects. I Lenore Ghaloner was Ills ideal woman; . | and lie had several times thought seriously ! of asking her to he his wife. Unless, o£ course, Cecil meant to marry her. By which it may safely be conc!nded that Max was not in love with Lehore Chaloner. He bad an idea that he would not marry for love; he had had a sharp experience of " calf-love " before he was twenty, and now, he imagined, the time had come for making a wise and prudent choice, undisturbed by passionate folly of any kind.. ' It was an odd thing, he considered, that Lenore's image had of late seemed somewhat blurred and indistinct in his mind, as if he were forgetting its graceful outlines. In stead of it there rose up before him contin ually the picture of another and very differ ent face; pale, serene, grave, yet sweet, with finely cut features, broad tranquil brows, hair black as night, and deep dark eyes that held both sadness and knowledge in their liquid depths. A contrast indeed to L$nore's girlish prettiness! This was the face of a mature woman, who had known what it was to suffer and to love ; and with such a woman Max was certain that he had no concern. She' was flatly opposite to all his theories of what a woman ought to be. But, strangely enough, he could not get Magdalen Lingard's face out - of his min£ •* *" It was partly fortius'reason that he did not linger long at Gay Street on the even ings when Magdalen was to be there. " An infatuation for a face," as he called it to himself, ought to be discouraged. 'He tried not to see her—not to speak to her. And it was easy enough to avoid her, for she never thrust herself in his way. Mr. St. Aidan thought that his interest in the classes for working-men was dying out; but this was not the case, though he was sometimes so tired that it was as much as he could do not to fall asleep over the wearisome read ing and writing lessons. He had a careworn look, and excused himself from one or two of the Rector's invitations on the ground of want of time. ".Making haste to be rich 1" observed Mr. St. Aidan to his wife, with a half-sad, half-contemptuous smile. "Poor ,fellow! I am disappointed iu him after all" " Ursula was right when she once said that Max was more misunderstood by his friends than by his enemies. It was by accident rather than by design that he met- Miss Lingnrd one evening after the boys had gone away. Ten o'clock had struck, and Max had volunteered to help the Rector in re-arranging some books in a cupboard. To tell the truth, that vision of a face had been unusually troublesome all day, aud he felt inclined to try whether a. meeting with its owner wonld not lay the - ghost. He had not seen her for some time, and he was startled by the pallor and the weariness of her face. "Wait for me a moment/' eaid Mr. St. Aldan, bustling away into another class room with a pile of Iix,en-covered books. ** I'll escort you home, Madge." Miss J.itigard tank down on one of the Wielu* vith aii unconscious air of fatigue which struck pain to Max's heart. For a moment the dosed her eyes. \- 4 You do too much/' ifax raid to her abiuptlv. " You are over-tired. You ought not to Lave come to■night." " She opened her eyes v/ith a look of alight surprise. " There is no one to take my place here," the answered gently. " No one can do your work as you do it," eaid Max, almost roughly, "I know that well enough; but surely somebody might be found to lie!p." Then he broke off, and Added, with n vexed knitting of the brows, " I beg your pardon. Of course it's no business of mine." She smiled; She was not offended, he remarked, bat the looked a trifle roused and amused. He turned away, impatient «nd angry v/ith hivvuM. Why should he have manifested any interest in her doings? They did not matter to hiin. Only lie did not like to see a woman IiaJf-kiiJii/g herself with work—that was o'.l. " Your sister teaches in the Sunday school at St. dude's, Mr. Jlrcndon/' said Magdalen, I presently. " I)o you think that ijhe would if.dp us here?" Max looked at her and hesitated. " I don't know. She might. Shall I ask her?" "J thiughlo/ calling on Mrs. Drendnn," said Magdalen, "and trying to enlist Miss JJrendim's sympathies." "I'm afraid," x:iid Max, in n low tone, ''that her sympathies urc not easily enlisted." Here Mr. St. Aidan returned, and nothing mote was said. Magdalen wan a little sur prised by Max's manner, and wondered whether "ho judged his sister harshly, or whether she were really a very impractic able JK.T800. 8h« paid her visit next day, and formed her own conclusions. Mrs JJiendon was lofty and patronising; Gertrude uninteresting and uninterested. Cecil lounged in and out of the room again, : KUperciliauHly polite; Heaie ursx forward j mid port, and sulked when her mother snubbed her. Ursula did not appear. i Magdalen'u keen cyea observed all that 'was painful in the scene, and she judged leniently of Max's shortcomings ever after wapls. It must have been uphill work for him to interest himself in the poor at all, after year# spent in the midst of such a family. olio met Willi no success when sue asUed Gertrude to help her with her class. Ger trude had no fancy for giving up even one , evening u week for the sake of a " set of rlion girls." Neither aid nor sympathy could he looked for from mother or daugh ter; and when Magdalen rr.se to go she felt chilled anil discouraged, although her gentle serenity was apparently undisturbed. film did not sec Mux again for a couple of nights, and she noticed, when they met, that his face wore a singularly troubled ami dissatislicd expression. ' " I was unsuccessful," she said to him, with a nuilc. "Yes, I know. I out sorry. You did not Kco Ursula?" " No. Js she another sister?" "She is too young and too—too inex perienced to ha of any use, I am afraid; hut she would like to come for ouc evening to look and listen, if you will allow her. tihu has leased nic into asking you." "I shall be delighted to see her. Perhaps Mrs. Brendan will icl her come regularly?" "I can't say," Max replied, rather shortly. 441 don't think* she wishes it, but Ursula generally gets her own way." Tim dissatisfaction of his tone was evi dent. Magdalen wondered, but did not like to question. Perhaps Ursula was only it repetition of Gertrude, with a school-girl curiosity superadded! Hut she invited liim to bring her, whenever Ursula liked to cotnc. Max's own opinion was that permission for Ursula's visit hud been dearly bought by a violent quarrel between the girl and her mother, and a subsequent appeal to Mr. Hreiidois, who. had decided in Ursula's favour. Mrs. Ilrendon was deeply olfended; Ursula saucily triumphant. Max, sore and bitter in heart at the unhappy state of Alfuus, ^manifested his dissatisfaction by appearing only at meals and wearing his gloomiest countenance. He escorted her to Gay Street, ns lie had promised to do, but ho said scarcely a word to her on tho way thither, and Ursula, usually on such good terms with him, felt that she was in disgrace. She was too proud to let him see that this troubled her; ami her eyes were very bright, her smiles very sunny, when she was introduced to Miss Lingard, with whom Max left her when ho went to his own class. At the close of the evening lie went back for her, and found her talking eagerly with Magdalen. It was plain that she had been enjovim* herself; her colour and her animated look told Max as much. "Anythmg now?" he muttered to himself, knitting Ins brow as he waited for her to don her outdoor attire. "You'll let me come every week, Miss J.lngard, will you not?" Ursula was saying eagerly. " I should dearly like to teach that little lame girl—oh, it will he delight ful 1 Kvery Wednesday at eight o'clock, i'il he most regular." " Ursula!" Max could not keep his voice from growing peremptory, and his brows lark. " You are not free to disposo of your lime in that war." "Thank you, Mr. Brcndon," said Mag dalen, who hud been looking half-pleased I and half-perplexed. "I was going to ask her a question about her home duties." Ursula gave her shoulders an impatient twist. 44 Do you think," Magdalen a>ked, with a glance at Max's face, "that Mrs. Brendan would object to her coming to help me now and then?" " I am sure of it," said Mar, moodily. "Ursula has her studies; she will not be allowed to leave them for a whole evening once a week." Urs ala's eyes flashed angrily, and then as suddenly filled with tear?. Magdalen saw the change in (he girl's face, and pitied her. She could not quite understand Max's tone; it seemed to her harsh and unkind; but the did not know all that had gone before. As it chanced, however, she said the very thing that was good for Ursula to hear. "Patience, my dear!" she murmured, laying her hand caressing'r on the girl's arm. "Perhaps you will be able to help me by-and-by when your schooldays are over, f cannot have you here if your inothcr disapprove* of your coming; your work would never prosper if it began in dis obedience." Ursula lifted her tear-filled eyes for a moment to Miss Lingard's face, then stood; downcast and silent. Magdalen drew her aside; she did not want Mux to hear all that she said. But Max's cars were very quick. '"We needs must love (he highest when wo see it/" she quoted in her sweet and gctitlc voice. "What is 4the highest* for you just now? To follow your mother's j wishes, dear child. No good will come of ncg'cclin^ the duty that is nearest to you." 44 That is," said Ursula passionately, "that I am to go home and do lessons—lessons— lessons, a'i day long, and have uo real work the world; and you will go on working here and-r-and—forget all about me!" Magdalen was inclined to smile at the tremble in the girl's voice, but she re strained herself. After all, it was uothing to laugh at. Poor Ursula, goaded into rebellion in an uncongenial Jiome, yearning for an affection which was withheld", had suddenly caught a glimpse of the beauty of work "for others Jew favoured by fortune than herself. Her whob nature responded to Magdalen4* gentle call. She was ready to fall down and worship her new friend; and Io, the idol was quietly rejecting her adoration! "I will not forget you," said Magdalen. "You will help me when you come to.the Prion' sometimes, when you have a holiday. I will write a note to your mother about it. Believe me, dear, ypu will be happier if you givo up your own will and your own way. Remember that 'obedience is better than sacrifice/ " Shu kissed the wistful face a3 she said good-bye. 