FIRST STEPS OF THE BOXERS. , ?A eorre-pondent at Pacting-tu of 'the " Peking and Tientsin Times" wrcte on the 23rd ult'imo : From 'being awnovciment way s&ulh; cf ui three inont-hs ago, the Boxen have -corni* almost to taking possession of the capital of CtUhli 'Province. Last Friday 'they com- menced drilllpg openly in one of the largo temples in the city. The ofilaiali ordeied thom .to step-hut they showed such cempe* »Hia't lae Provincial Treasurer called in soldiers, guns, and cannon 'frcm j neigh- bouring ck mp to 'protect his l"amei. Iha Boxers then move! to auother temple, but stlil keep up the drilling. So many trocpn have hson drawn off into tho ccun'jry, reinforcements ifrom Pe'tlng «nJ K'ai P'ing ihavo arrived, the la'.te-, ttraw hats and all. seven hundred or :here*lbpifts in number, making a very decent arip ar anre. 'At t'hp rate affairs are prcgres-'.ns, tiiesn troops will toe but a -arop in the bucket. Tne details of the Kao-11 massacre ara still confused. The .'ruth teems to roe that thj attack 'was first 'made ou the -chapel, and when all there were killed, attention was turned i!o ,i,he dwellings. Evidently n uuiin ber of hands were ro have united in (.hu plunder on .a fixed date already given fto tin village, hut one or two couldn't wak. and. In order to get ahead of the others, caught uhe villagers unawares. The mau who, escaping, 'brought the nowa ito Pao-ting-iu, maa chased hy the Boxers 'to a well, 'into .which he threw himäeli. They then fired down at him, also dropped bricks, &c;, and left the spot thinkinç him dead. His ghost, however, crawled out, and reached here early Sunday .morning. No ether survivors ¡have come. The Catholic peculation- over ICO men, women, and children-seeh.s to have .been wiped out. The soldiers mnt to in- vestigate .ftund smoking ruin¿, und "alas! these .ueople haid perished in the lire !" It is said some iorty Boxers were driven Into the plain, and were killed In ipunlshmsnt. This is hearsay. The comniandtr cf the \- - -. .." ," Tino. Huirn; vestprdav to icrces 'wum. uip tv *»«ö --a " - ._ vet'tigate-hut too many Boxe a were there, so, like the noble Duke cf York, he C3>mD £nar¡..hlng down again. To-day comes the news that somewhere be-tweau Ting Hsing and Cho Chou, a Colonel, Tang Fu T'ung, with thirty soldiers on horse, were surrounded by Boxers. His horse waa killed under him, whereupon his followers fled and left him to be despatched at the enemy's ease. He lived in Paoting-fu, and nt the first uprising against the Roman Catholics, fifteen miles south of us, he was sent with troops to preserve order. Just how the Dowager will look upon the playful act of her fond children--who are drilling for " amusement and protection"-is not easy to foresee. Also comes the news of two Pro- testants being killed at a London Mission Station south-east of Cho Chou-the gate keeper and a teacher named Chao. Thus the Catholics and the London Mission have been visited. A few minutes ago came a letter from Ch'i' Chi-150 li south of us saying one of the American Board Church members has been murdered close by that place. This opens new complications south of us. As yet the west has been untouched. 'Catholics south and east are leaving their homes and fleeing here for refuge. In other places they have no time ito till their fields ; the Boxers, however, being so numerous, divide their families, some drill- ing and some working in the fields to sup- port the rest. Two weeks ago Mr. Slmcox,.of the Pres- byterian Mission, on arriving with his helper at Wan Hsien,'70 li west of here, was met by a mob, who wrecked the furni- ture of the chapel and seized on an in- quirer just doming in 'from the country. They twice -brutally beat him, finally leav- ing him for dead. After some hours he recovered sufficiently to bo "sent home. The main leader was au official- in the Yamen, who was the only one who dared to attack Mr. Slmcox, hurling a block of wood at him. The Kuan finally appeared and promised re- pairs on the property, also furniBhlng an escort out of town In the early morning. The Prefect has already punished two men for the trouble, but the two ringleaders, the Yamen official and a banished murderer from Peking, will probably escape punish- ment. Incidentally, Mr. SImcox's bag was rifled for " well poison," but the Kuan, after tasting the cough tablets and quinine, politely returned them as being harmless, though tasty. 