Progress of the War.—The Boers suffered very severely in their attack on Ladysmith. The fighting lasted for 17 hours, but even- tually the enemy were beaten off, leaving large numbers of dead and wounded. Ow- ing to the nature of the fighting, some of the entrenchments being taken and re-taken three times, the British loss must also have been heavy. General Buller is now at the head of 33,000 men. (General White has about 9000). It is now cabled that General Buller during the melee at Ladysmith threw some shells into the Boers’ trenches on the Tugela River, but as he got no reply from the trenches, no effort was made to send across a portion of his force to the aid of General White. The inaction of General Buller is inexplicable. To-days Events.—Presentation of tes- timonial to Rev. Father Moore, Town Hall, 8 p.m. ; “Our Native Home,” Chas. Hollo- way’s Dramatic Company, Theatre, 8 p.m. Our Illustrated.—Our illustrated supple- ment this morning contains nearly 30 por- traits of citizens of Bendigo and residents of the Northern district. Amongst them are a dozen local members of the second contingent who leave Melbourne on Satur- day. There are also portraits representing the full strength of the stock and station salesmen of Bendigo. The miners and other friends of Mr. Rodda Perry, the Bendigo alto, will recognise his features, and a melancholy interest attaches to the portrait of the late Mr. H. D. Bosselmann, who is shown in regalia. The list of illustrations is completed by a portrait of an armored train—the one that came to grief at Chieve- ley when Lieutenant Winston Churchill was captured. The photograph was taken at Maritzburg. The letter- press will be found as interesting and varied as ever. Parliament.—The McLean Government made an excellent beginning last evening. In the one sitting about as much business was put through as sometimes the Turner Government could not manage in a month. Besides formal matters, such as the intro- duction of new bills, the Second Contingent Bill was passed amidst applause and without a division. Then the Factories Act Amend- ment Bill was read a third time, and the House adjourned till this afternoon. The Council unanimously passed the Contingent Bill. The New Year’s Day Tragedy.—The in- quest on the death of John Langley and Benjamin Burston was concluded yester- day. Mr. Dwyer, P.M., sat as coroner at 9 a.m., and after hearing a few witnesses including three occupants of the cab, who knew nothing of the accident except that they never heard the train till it struck the horses, he decided to call no further testi- mony, as there was no fresh evidence to be adduced. Counsel then delivered ad- dresses, Mr. Piggott for the Railway De- partment especially speaking at length. The coroner briefly summed up and at 11.20 a.m. the jury retired. At 1 p.m. they re- turned with a verdict to the effect that de- ceased met with their deaths by the collision of the vehicle with the trains and found James Brown, driver of the cab, guilty of negligence, but not of manslaughter. They also found that the Railway Department contributed to the accident by failing to re- move the belt of trees at the approach to the crossing. They further added that in their opinion, the engine whistle should have been sounded longer on approaching the crossing. An extended report appears elsewhere. Mr. Maurice Fogarty continues to gradually improve in the hospital. Interesting to Mt. Deddick Shareholders. —An important proposal for the construc- tion of a railway line in the Mt. Deddick district, Gippsland, has (says our Mel- bourne correspondent) been made to the Minister of Railways by Mr. Seddon, re- presentative of an English syndicate. He proposes to construct a railway line from Mt. Deddick to the most suitable point on the main Gippsland line on condition that his syndicate is granted 500 acres of land at Mt. Deddick and other concessions. He says the syndicate is willing to expend £375,000 on such a line, and to lodge a cash guarantee of £10,000 as an earnest of its intention to carry out the work. Mr. Outtrim has promised to submit the matter to the Cabinet. An Increasing Gold Yield.—According to the returns just prepared by the Mines De- partment, the gold yield of the colony for last year amounted to 854,500oz. This re- presents a satisfactory increase of 17,242oz compared with the previous year. The above total has only been exceeded once during the last twenty-two years. Fine Nuggets.—The days of big nuggets are not yet over in Victoria. Hanlon’s Consols, an alluvial mine at Rokewood, near Ballarat, have just brought up one of 195oz, worth nearly £800, and the Corinella Co-operative Party at Eganstown near Daylesford, have a solid lump of 250oz, worth £1000. The Corinella Party hare had seve- ral big nuggets during the past months and are hopeful of more. The Weather.—The readings at Mr. J. B. Edwards’, Pall Mall, yesterday were:— Thermometer.—9 a.m., 65 deg. ; 12 noon, 79 deg. ; 3 p.m., 84 deg. ; 6 p.m., 83 deg. ; maximum, 85 deg. ; minimum, 53 deg. Ba- rometer—9 a.m., 29.45 inches; 6 p.m., 28.95 inches. Death of Major Hamann.—News was re- ceived in the city last evening of the death from typhoid of Major Adolph Wm. Philip Hamann, at Menzies, W.A. He was well known as an officer of the Fourth Batta- lion, and as lecturer at the School of Mines. He was a native of Dunedin, N.Z., and came to Bendigo in 1887 as lecturer on metallurgy and assay at the School of Mines. He remained there until 1896, when he took up his residence in Castlemaine, carry- ing on the business of assayer, and lectur- ing at the local School of Mines. In Sep- tember of last year he went to Western Australia and obtained a lucrative appoint- ment as assayer at Menzies. Two months ago he contracted typhoid fever, and died yesterday afternoon at the early age of 36 years. He had a long and honorable con- nection with the old Fourth Battalion of militia. He joined as lieutenant in 1889, and was gazetted captain in 1892. In 1898 he was raised to the rank of major, and the command of the local section of the battalion. When leaving for Western Australia last September he was transferred to the reserve. His death will be regretted by a large circle of mili- tary acquaintances and other friends in Ben- digo, Castlemaine and elsewhere. He leaves a widow, but no children. Mr. Geo. Tat- chell, who received the telegram conveying the news of his death, last evening, had only two hours previously received a letter from Mrs. Hamann, senior, to the effect that her son was fast recovering from the attack of typhoid. Funerals.—The funeral of the late Miss Marion Rosewall, daughter of Mr. Henry Rosewall, of Reviere street, Long Gully, who died on Sunday, at the early age of fourteen years after a short but severe ill- ness took place on Monday and was very largely attended. Amongst those present were many young friends and companions of deceased, by whom she was much loved. The remains were enclosed in a snow- white coffin, and were carried to the grave in the Wesleyan portion of the Bendigo cemetery by four young men. The hymn “Forever With the Lord” was sung at the grave, and the Rev. E. A. Taylor, who officiated, gave a pathetic address. The remains of Mr. Jacob Honeychurch, of Goornong, were interred in the family grave at the White Hills cemetery yesterday. Many residents of Goornong and surrounding districts at- tended. The chief mourners were his sons and daughters and son-in-law, who oc- cupied the mourning coach. The service of the Church of England was read. Mr. W. Farmer, of McCrae street, conducted both funerals. To-night’s Concert.—The Hopetoun Band take the floor (of the rotunda) to-night, and will play the following programme:— Quick- step, “Brackensdale,” J. Jubb; overture, “Austral,” T. E. Bulch ; valse, “Myrine,” Henri Laski; selection, “Sydney by Night,” T. E. Bulch; waltz, “Flowers of Australia,” Henri Laski ; lancers, “Merry-go-Round,” T. Dawson ; barn dance, “Darkies’ Wed- ding,” H. Round ; quickstep, “Conscript,” W. Finney. City Police Court.—Messrs. S. H. McGo- wan, R. B. Anderson, T. Gibson and A. Harkncss, Js.P., were on the bench yes- terday. One drunkard was remanded till to-day to enable him to recover. A young man named Jeremiah Cormack was charged with vagrancy. Constable Johnson said he had seen the man early every morning, be- tween 12 and 4 o’clock, since last Wednes- day. On Tuesday morning he stopped him and asked him where he came from. He said that he came from Inglewood, and that he had only had one meal for the past three days. He made such a lot of rambling state- ments, that the constable considered he was of weak mind. Cormack appealed to the bench in the following manner: —“I have been a man who has tried many spheres of life to earn a respectable livelihood and without success. I require as much justice as any man. This is a case which wants ventilating to this extent : I want to have time to prove that I have tried in much more elevating spheres than walking the streets for a living.” He was remanded for a week for medical inspection. A case of insulting words in which Belle Jarvis pro- ceeded against Maud Wynne was called, but owing to the non-appearance of complainant, the case was struck out with 10s 6d costs against her. Collector’s licences were grant- ed to George Turvey, Walter Bowe and John Shore. Bendigo Hospital.—Dr. Burke Gaffney and Mr. J. B. Hoskins attended yester- day afternoon, and passed 18 patients for outdoor relief. The resident surgeon (Dr. W. J. Long) reported that during the past week there had been seven deaths, that 42 patients had been discharged cured, and that 109 remained in the hospital under treatment. Newbury-Spada Company.—On Friday and Saturday next this popular company is announced to appear at the Masonic Hall, when two of their well-known “pop” pro- grammes will be submitted to Bendigo con- cert-goers. It is some time since these ar- tists were here, so that large houses are almost assured. In our illustrated supple- ment this morning we publish a photo of Mr. Rodda Perry, the ex-Bendigo miner, who is to appear with the company. He is the possessor of a splendid alto voice, and has created an excellent impression in musical circles. Bendigo Rescue Home.—The monthly meeting of the committee was held in the Forest street, Wesleyan schoolroom on Mon- day. There was a fair attendance. The income for the month was £l7 7s 2d, and the expenditure £17 3s 1d. Warden’s Court.—There was a special sit- ting yesterday at 4.30 p.m. before Mr. Dickson, P.M., to finally dispose of a com- plaint that came on for hearing before him on the 7th August last. On that date Alfred Warren, of Howard Place, sued Charles F. Morgan, of Queen street, miner, for the cancellation of his residence area at the corner of Myrtle and Queen streets, Ben- digo. Mr. Luke Murphy, who appeared for the defendant, contended that Warren could not set up the rights of a stranger, and the warden upheld the objection. Mr. Ni Gan, who appeared for the complainant, asked the warden to state a special case for the opinion of the Supreme Court, and the case was adjourned to enable this to be done. In the meantime the point was de- cided by the Supreme Court in favor of Mr. Murphy’s contention in another min- ing case. As there was no necessity to go any further in the matter, the warden yes- terday dismissed the complaint with £7 7s costs against Mr. Warren. Dr. Lalor’s Escapade.—Dr. J. P. Lalor was before the Ballarat Police Court yes- terday on a charge of presenting a revolver with intent to murder. In evidence it was shown that at the time he tried to shoot Mr. Coghlan he was mad with drink, and was probably in that condition when he left Orange for Ballarat. He was committed for trial, bail being refused. The doctor is now sober. He says he is glad that things did not turn out any worse. More Damage to Fire Brigade Appliances. —Captain Andrew, of the Bendigo Fire Bri- gade complains that larrikins are making a practice of damaging the fire appliances in the depot in Bridge street. Offenders are warned that the most stringent measures will be taken against them. Primitive Methodist Open Air Service.— The Primitive Methodists of Bendigo are holding a large demonstration in the Rosa- lind Park next Sunday afternoon at 3 o’clock. Northcott’s City Band will play various selections, and accompany the singing. Short addresses will be given by Mr. J. P. Dunstan and the Rev. C. Mason. The firemen will take up a collection in aid of the local charities. Working Men’s Club.—The monthly meet- ing of the committee was held on Monday, the president (Mr. J. Williams in the chair). The secretary reported having received £6 15s 9d from billiards, £3 16s from sub- scribers, and 10s for waste paper. The ex- penditure amounted to £12 7s 1d. The secretary was instructed to procure a new cloth and cues for number two billiard table. Cheap Excursions.—Those wishing to see our soldiers embark for the Transvaal should avail themselves of the cheap ex- cursions to be run to Melbourne on January 10, 11 and 12. The fares are 1d and 1½d per mile. The Easter Fair.—At the meeting of the committee of the Bendigo Hospital on Mon- day evening, the matter of selecting delegates for the Easter Fair to represent the hospital was brought up. The president (Dr. H. Boyd) and Messrs. Hunter, Mackey, Laza- rus, Hoskins and Marks were appointed. Bendigo Mechanics’ Institute. —The mon- thly meeting of the committee was held at the institute on Monday evening. Present— Mr. A. G. Dunlop (in the chair), and Messrs. Curnow, Anderson, Berchdolt, Daymond, Warren, Nicholls, Jackson, Coope, Richard- son and T. Glass, secretary. The finance committee reported that the subscriptions for the month amounted to £24 17s 6d, and the expenditure to £36 5s. The secretary again brought forward the necessity of the committee taking steps to induce the Go- vernment to increase the grant to some- thing near what it was before the days of retrenchment. He explained that up to 1894 the institution received an annual al- lowance of £300, whereas for the last three years they had only received £30 per an- num. It was decided to compile a tabulated statement showing the amounts allocated to kindred institutions and to the Public Library, Melbourne, and to send copies to similar libraries in the colony with a view to inducing the Government to increase the amount. Several well-known speakers have been invited to deliver a series of lectures in aid of the overdraft extinction fund, and the entertainment committee were em- powered to adopt the suggestions of the secretary and carry them out. Charles Holloway’s Dramatic Company.— A very fair audience last evening greeted the second production of “Our Native Home.” The drama in the main has the chief elements of the ordinary Adelphi plot, though novel situations, with sensational and artistic scenic effects are employed in the denouement. The piece gives Mr. John D. Saunders the best scope for displaying his versatility in the various hardships which the perfidy of the villian is respon- sible for. Mr. C. R. Stanford plays the thankless part of the villain as briskly as ever. Any Holloway Company without Mr. Stanford in that disagreeable role would be like Hamlet without his father’s ghost. Miss De Winton is as popular as ever as the injured heroine, while Miss Appleton and Miss Katie Towers are equally attractive. The fat or fun of the piece is left in the hands of Mr. J. P. O’Neill and Mr. Frank Hawthorne. Little Miss Ina Milne sang a patriotic song which was well received. The mounting of the play is really superb, and is alone worth seeing. “Our Native Home” will be repeated to-night and to-morrow evening. A Vaccination Raid.—Another large batch of non-conformists to the Jennerian doctrine were brought before the City Court on Monday. The P.M.’s mode of dealing with them was very summary. In every in- stance it was “Well, what have you to say?” “Don’t believe in it,” came the response from the defendant. “Don’t you, well you are fined 10s and 6d costs, by distress.” Those who were mulcted in this manner were:—Jas. Gay, Walter Oakey, John Brown, Richard Roberts, Thos. Nadord, Fred. Johns, William Phillips, Andrew Mackay, Thos. Wilson, E. Hancocks, Ri- chard Phillips, Thos. Le Huley and Alf. J. Opie. The latter stated by letter, that his past experiences of vaccination had been of such a nature that he had determined to avoid it in future. Assaulting an Old Man.—In the City Court on Monday an old man named George Skurrell proceeded against Thomas Stinger for assault. Complainant is a gar- dener at White Hills, and accused was em- ployed by him. On Friday last Stinger gave notice to leave, and Skurrell told him he could leave at once. He paid him off by cheque that night. On Saturday accused re- turned with some companions, whom he tried to induce to have a row with Skurrell. Some words followed, it being sworn that Stinger used some shocking language to his former employer, rushed at him, got him by the neck, and a moment later there was a general scrimmage. Billets of wood and a sluicing fork were used, and the fight was a most determined one. Accused was under the influence of liquor. This was the story told by Skurrell, who concluded by saying that he sent his niece for the police, and when they arrived he gave Stinger in charge. This was corroborated by Mrs. Skurrell, and part of it by the niece. According to Stinger’s wife, however, defendant had been working on the place for the past three years, Skurrell only taking over the pro- perty about 12 weeks ago. This witness said that both Mr. and Mrs. Skurrell fought with her husband and that the latter sat on him. Her husband did not provoke the assault, neither did he use any bad language until he had been struck by Skurrell. The bench considered the case proved, and Stin- ger was fined 20s, a week being allowed in which to pay the fine. (In our issue of Monday the names of the plaintiff and de- fendant were reversed. It was a mistake, the young man Stinger being as the above evidence shows the one who was charged with assault). Leadbeater’s ointment has stood over 50 years trail and its reputation still survives. Mrs. Austin, the proprietress, notifies the public by advertisement that it will safely cure wounds, boils, old sores and such ailments. The date of the half-yearly meeting of the Sandhurst and Northern District Trustees, Executors and Agency Company has been altered from the 19th inst., as adver- tised, to Thursday 25th inst., at 11.30 a.m. Mr. Ellis, butcher, of High street, announces this morning that notwithstanding the high wholesale prices for meat, his prices for cash re- main unchanged. He assures customers that they can rely upon civility and cleanliness, and hopes that householders will give his establishment a trial. To-day, at 11.20, Mr. J. H. Curnow will con- duct an extensive sale of furniture and effects, including a piano by “Hapsburg,” on the pre- mises, Park Terrace, Barnard street. He will also sell at Curtain’s Exchange Hotel, Eagle- hawk, Mrs. McKenzie’s freehold property in Denham street, and a brick cottage adjoining the Virginia mine. 