THIE -SU ItYTELLER. IIHER SOLDIER LOVER CHAPTER XII. Some weeks had passed away, and there were signs of spring in the heavens, the air, . the fields, and the woods. The swallows began to build, and the thrush and blackbird to sing a wild-melody. The Rectory was in a little flutter of expectation. Arthur Field ing as- comming home, and Margaret- was rather curious to see'the youth about whom she had heard so much, whose work had both repelled ard fascinated her. The time had passed uneventfully. She had perused a score of novels, and had followed the S movements of the Royal Blues, as recorded in.the newspapers. An engagement was expected in a few days, but that did not interest her particularly. Had not Darcy strongly deprecated the idea of there being any danger in a brush with the ' niggers.' After a wearisome spell of rain and blustering winds, a marvellous change had occurred in the weather. The air had become soft and warm, the skies as blue as the blue-bells hiding in the woods: the rush ing streams had become purling brooks, the roar of the tall trees a soft sigh of sweet content. Early one morning Margaret noted the sudden change; she had bcn awakened by the mad chattering of many birds, and as she gazed from her window her heart bounded with gladness. There came to her dreams of daffodils, cowslips, anemones. How dull she had been for many long days. There had been no visitors of the Rectory. Lord Greville was in town ! Hoe had been called away upon urgent business for one week, and had remained three. Margaret had almost forgotten his existence. There had been absolutely nothing to do, except to listen to the prosing of the Rector, or to accompany Jessie upon her daily round among the poor of her father's flock. Mar garet had no desire to spoil her pretty frocks in the rain and the mud, and she detested poverty in any and every shape. So she had read many books, and dreamed of the past and the future. There were times when she had felt utterly miserable. I-Ier .young life appeared to be wrecked, her free dom was gone. Then came this day of warm winds and golden sunshine. Margaret dressed hastily, and went down stairs. Jessie was already breathing the fragrance of the early morning, and called joyously to her friend. 'Primroses ! There are thousands wait ing to be gathered in yonder bit of wood land; I am so glad that we have at last a foretaste of the joyous days to come ! I Swant to make home bright and beautiful, -Margaret, so you must help me. Arthur will be here to-day ' Arthur! It was always Arthur now. The Rector and his wife had unlimited faith in the goodness and genius of their son, but practical Jessie was doubtful as to his future. How could they afford him two years' study in.France and Italy ? And, if failure came after it all, his sensitive heart would be crushed. Ah, far better if he could be pre vailed upon--to follow i.x the quiet certain ways of his father ! The primroses were gatlyhFed-large bunches of thenr-and placed upon the breakfast-table. The merry laughlter of the girls rang sweet and clear in the fresh crisp air. They were flitting about the garden in search of floral surprises. Everywhere the face of the earth was bursting-tiny green and yellow heads struggling through to bask in the mellow sunshine. Suddenly Jessie uttered a sharp little scream, and Margaret saw that she was in the-arms of a tall youth, who had sprung unexpectedly into the middle of the path. 'Arthur, how you startled me,' cried Jessie. 'How on earth did you get here at this time of the morning ? ' ' Got to Redland Station last night, but the weather was so wild thatI couldn't get a conveyance ! I slept at Redland, and have walked here in the first sunshine which has blessed the land for weeks I ' ' What-seven miles, and no breakfast, I suppose ? ' ' That's it exactly, and enjoyed every bit of the way! IThe chrrier, will bring my traps over. This will be a surprise for dad an I the, mater.' 'Oh, how rude and forgetfulI am I' cried Jessie. ' Margaret-Mrs Lynden-this is my brother Arthur. Arthur--' .IBut Margaret had stepped forward, saril ing, and Arthur Fielding pressed her fingers war nli. ' You seem like an old frioud already, Mrs. fr Lyndon. In the last four weeks I've had at ni least twenty letters from home-from dad, O( the mater, and Jessioe-and every one of so them has cortained some reference to you. They all sing your praises. Then Greville- L: you know Lord Grovillo ? He was just Im leaving Eton when I went there-awfully at clover chap !-seemed to learn everything without trying-well, he came down from so London with me last night-we put up sc together at Rodiand, and walked home it together this morning. Even he began talking about you, so I can't feel that you it are a stranger.' y Margaret's face grew wprm under the young man's admiring gaze, and Arthur u Fielding blushed a little also. He thought jt that hle had never beheld a woman so sweet n and fair before, and the knowledge that she r was a bride aroused in him a strong fooling a of irritation. His brow clouded moment- ti arily; thien he laughed, and Margaret saw that he had perfect teeth. How sensitive a his mouth was-how white the lofty brow, k over which strayed ringlets of fair curling hair-how soft were the smiling blue eyes ! It was a soft soulful face-hardly the face i for a man in this work-a-day world. 'What good friends you two are all at t once,' cried Jessie. ' She will be for ever sacred to me! ' thought the young painter. ' Married ? Yes-Jessie particularised the shamely 1 story clearly enough. This CaptainLynden was not a man, to enchain a girl and then leave, as he did. I wonder if she cared for him? ' They went into the house, and Arthur ran up-stairs to his own room. He knew that everything would have been placed ready for him by loving thoughtful hands-if not Jessie's, then his mother's. He sang snatches of songs loudly, so that the whole house beard him, and when he went down stairs fifteen minutes later his father and mother were awaiting him in the breakfast room. He kissed both, fondly, impilsively ; Margaret's presence caused no restraint, and her heart hungered for such love as that. The breakfast began amid a rapid flow of conversation, and Arthur's happy voice seemed to fill the room with music. "I dor't want to think about work of any kind for a month or two dad,' he. said. re 'Spring is here, the summer is coming, and r' the world is all before me I It is good to be home once more, and I wish that I could d stay for always. Did I tell you that Grev 'n ille promised to look in this afternoon ? His sister, Lady Natalie, is coming to the Hall in 1E a day or two, with her chaperon. I expect i that they will soon be migrating to town for the season.' 'e There would be no reason for you to leave home again, Arthur, if you followed in e father's footsteps,' remarked Jessie quietly. The lad's face flushed and paled, and the is Rector frowned. ' You are wrong there, Jessie,' Arthur 'y said. ' For one branch of study I .have neglected all others. I know that you think I am only a dreamer-that my ideals are c mere chimeras of the brain but I love my art ; I am fit for nothing else ; I must paint. I thought that I might make a little money by writing for the magazines while per fooecting mny natural hent, but I cannot con cent'ate my thoughts upon such work as that." IIe sighed, and added bitterly. ' My absurd dream-pictures will always obtrude !' iC Margaret looked sympathetic, and his eyes 'y flamed. s ' What do. you think of my brother ?' Jessie asked when they were alone. i MaIargaret.looked up in surpise-the ques tion was put so abruptly. ' I have not known him long enough. to S hazard an opinion,' she replied. n ' But you have an impression. Arthur io impresses everybody at once.' 't ?Well,' smiled Margaret, ' I think that le he is a very uncommon sort of young man' to -adding naively-' not that my experience Shas been very large ! He has a remarkable d face and beautiful dreamy eyes. He is also clever, I should imagine.' ' Yes-he is clever,' Jessie said thought fully ; ' but he is only half a genius. My e father's and mother's hopes are based upon e iis success in life ; and I fear for the result.' 'They do not see as I see them. In a little i while you will know how egotistical my brother is, and I want to ask you not to see his failings. He has already conceived a great friendship for you. You would hardly believe that under his quiet demeanour e there lurks a nature both passionate and revengeful. His education has already drained our resources ; and now he talks of . studying in Paris, Florence and Strasburg !' Margaret did not replly. a Lord Grevillo arrived in the afternoonn and made hiimself particularly agreeable to beautiful Margaret. His conversation was r brilliant when he chose to exert himself Ihis manners were fascinating. M]rs Lynden Swas interested in the young Earl, because I lie was the brother of Lady Natalic Oreville it -tho woman whom hier lusband might have e. married. She wondered if Lord Grevillo Shad been Darcy's friend; at any rate, the e young men must have known each other C intimnately. ' You have an estate at Forndale, in Corn U wall, I believe, Lord Greville ?' Margaret questioned. o ' Yes, a small place. My father preferred e it to Greville Hall. Why do you ask, may eI inquire?' He fixed his dark eyes upon P her fair face. . ' I have heard my husband'--I have heard 0 Captain Lynden speak of it,' stammeted n Margaret. ' I believe that he was a friend k of your family.' The young Earl was amused, but he hid 0 his amused face under a smile. S ' I have not the honour of Captain Lynden's Sacquaitintnce,' he said, ' Probably my father know him. I never heard him spoken d of, thongb.' . Margaret reddened from vexation. There was a touch of banter in Lord Grovillo's tone SHad Darcy wilfully deceived her ? a ' It does not signify,' she replied haughtily S"Possibly I have confounded names and places.' ' I ,havo a treacherous memory also,' said the Earl, smiling. : t He adroitly changed the conversation SMargaret's weak . point discovered, he I charmed her with stories of his travels, which were .more or less coloured. Her I lovely face became animated, her eyes glowed. This was the worldof her dreams. ' You have travellbd a great deal yourself, Mrs Lyndon ?' 'Ohno! I should love to do sol What jttle knowledge I possess has been derived from books. It is not natisfying to rest si upon oni man's or woman's impressions. b One wants to see all such things for one's self. I have never been anywhere.' n Lord Greville was acquainted with Mr Lyndon's history, but he ejaculated a sym pathetic " Really !' Her plaintive tone. n stirred the best blot l in his veins. lie had never met a woman in his order v so refreshingly beautiful as this poor a school-leacher-the girlish wife of a beggarly soldier. A A dangerous woman to flirt with,' he t thought-' so innocent, so unworldly ! And t yet I cannot help myself.' ' Mrs Lyndon.' he said, ' Arthur Fielding and I have been arranging a little picnic, c just among ourselves, you know ; and I do not see why it should not come off at once. I [he sun is delightfully warm now, and I am sure that you will be interested in the treasures of Greville Hall. My sister Lady I Natalie Greville, is coming down here for a i short time, and she will be delighted to known you.' Margaret shivered slightly. ' I am deeply interested in young Field ing,' the Earl continued. 'I have no belief in his sunsets and seascapes ; I want him to 1 try his hand at portrait painting and the idea of the picnic was to get him to visit the Hall, where he can inspect many perfect examples of the art. One has to approach him carefully, or he flies off at a tangent !' ' You are kind,' Margaret replied. ' The I picnic will be delightful.' I Her eyes were so eloquent of' thanks that his face flushed and paled. a ' And the treasures of the Groville also, I t hope,' lie said smiling. 'We have a Moorish Y chamber nearly four centuries old. Unfor t tunately there is no *ghost. The Grevilles g have always been peaceably disposed to. c wards each other, so that, there is no a- unhappy spirit to perambulate the upper d storeys.' t Margaret laughed merrily. She was be ginning to like the young Earl. His kind thoughtfulness regarding Arthur Fielding as appealed to her irresistibly. ' I am particularly interested in your of efforts to assist Mr Fielding,' she said. ' I :e know that his family are very anxious about him. It will cost them so much if he must cy g abrord to study. and those sunsets- ' d. ' Yes those sunsets of his might have been Id conceived by Don Quixote.' Lord Greville to smiled indulgently. ' He might make Id money by designing street placards ; but v- canvas and good paints are expensive.' is They both laughed. in 'I shall speak to the Rector about our at picnic,' the Earl resumed. 'Do you stay )r long at Eastcote, Mrs Lynden ? ' ' Yes-that is, I hardly know,' Margaret to replied, coloring. ' My husband-' in ' Of course, how stupid of me. Captain y. Lynden will take you away when this ie wretched little war is over.' He sighed audibly. ' That will be in perhaps three ir perhaps six months.' ve At that moment Arthur Fielding entered ik the room. re 'I wondered what had become of you, iy Greville.' His brows contracted. t. 'We have been talking about the picnic,' 'y dratwled his lordship. 'Oh!' I- ' Mrs Lyndon is charmed with the idea ; as and it now only remains for us to fix tho [y date. I am sure that we shall have a most I' enjoyable day.' 's The weather is treacherous at this time of the year,' Arthur said doubtfully. His ' hands were thrust deep into his pockets, his gloomy eyes were fixed upon Mairgaret's \- flushed face. 'Nonsense, man. We shall not be more to than a stone's throw from the Hall. Do you imagine that I intend running any foolish tr risks ?' ' Oh, just as you please, Greville. I am rt not a spoil-sport; I was thinking of some n' thing else.' 'e `Then let it be this day week, if the date 0e suits the Rector.' 0o And thus the matter was finally settled. Lord Grevillo stayed to dinner. He felt t- that it was hard to tear himself away from [y the Rectory, anid wondered what madness n had seized him. t. ' Am I in love with another man's wife ? ' le he thought, and laughed cynically. ' She, a ty poor little school-teachor-he, a beggarly 3e soldier. Pshiaw.' 