FOOTBALL GOSSIP. BY FOLLOWER, The form shown, by Gecjong in the firat three ma'btfhes of the season was so unmis takably good tlfaifc many good judges de clared tha't their conquerors would be looked for i;u vain nnltil 'the western team Struck a bad dav. On actual "form" hhev undoubtedly opened the season better than did any other team. It fell to the lot of South Melbourne to first clip their wings, and £jeafe4aijer Fitzroy 'boat them out of siah|tjx'|i!5i|5igthe idea 'tha't Geelong I/lcI kwt -fornfr-- 'hys V. mwitter of fact, ho w- k&t; fcbjR£. werebfliejpg from the effects OT'eide/iiyhioli''q|5MiitIy for a time dis- OG5un.i«d /ijd .though more re- crafty Alley Colliugsvood and JIclbbMjthe Geekiho'fqnaws have during the iasNKhE.e'omlebely reasserted 'themselvcsikiicj.gsjfertse of .their early conquerors. South Melbourne and Fitzroy. Following up their splendid record of 10.10 to 3.0 against South, they did still better bgainst the previously unassailable maroons on Saturday, never giving them the ghost of a look in ufter the first quarter, in which Fitzroy had led oft satisfactorily with 5 be- hiitds to 1. So solid and well organised, however, was the play of Goelong that dur ing .the next 'two quarters Fitzroy failed to get the ball once over their opponents' goal line, while Geelong, adding 3.3 in the second quarter and 2.4 .in the third, started the last quarter with a winning record of 5.8 to 0.5 — leading by 33 points. Not even the famous Fitzroyites could -hope to make up such a leeway in the final quarter. On the con trary, Geelong, wlro were playing an over powering gaune, .went still further ahead, and, adding 3.1 to 1.1 in 'the final quarter, won by 45 points — 8.0 to 1.0 — thus more than avenging their defeat in the former match, in which the scores were, Fitzroy, 6.10; Geelong, 1.0. The play was watched by a large 'assemblage of specta tors, 'and it need hardly be added thiil the result aroused immense local enthusiasm. Fitzroy, of course, sadly missed their absent warriors, Pat Ihickey, Brosnan, Barker, J. Dalton and Fontaine, but Geelong's victory was unequivocal, the outcome ot splendid organisation and fine all round play. So far from the scores exaggerating, as tliey some times do, tho merit of the winners' per formance, Geelong would have shown a still \ more imposing record if some easy chances | resulting from magnificent ruck and wing I play had not been missed by the forwards during the first half. Early in the game the I visitors also experienced bad luck in thrice I missing goals through bitting the post. That, however, is all in the game, and, after all, when the ball hits n post instead of going through, the kicker must blame his aim rather than his luck, hard though it may seem. The result of this match, coupled with the performances of Melbourne and South Melbourne, greatly increases interest in the finals, which will commence next Saturday week. Any two of Fitzroy, Gee long, South Melbourne and Melbourne are almost certain to play a match worth a day's journey to witness in the final struggle for Premiership, and as it will probably fall to the fortunate lots of Essendon anu Col lingwood to play the first of their finals against Carlton and St. Kildn, who are both outclassed, it is evident that Essendon and Collipgwood "have the luck of it." If results may be taken as an indication of comparative strength, no oilier two league teams are so evenly matched ns are Mel bourne and South Melbourne. If I remem ber rightly. South won a match on their own ground against Melbourne last season by a single point. In the first match of this season the Southerners just got home with 3 points to spare, and on Saturday, after being apparently beaten, they came at the finish, and with a goal Kicked in the nick of time, turned probable defeat into a vic tory in the last minute, winning by 4 points. Some good men were absent from both sides, but Melbourne lost most in the absence of M'Ganis and Moodie, whose Reliability and systematic play to each qfker have been perhaps the strongest l'ea- rtiirS, of Melbourne's game this season, and "Mbrl'm'ty was another notable absentee. A dirubtbng first quarter left the fuchsias with a bifi'gle point to the good, and although they inbfeased tliieir lead by 10 points in the cAmd quarter it -was far better contested tllKin.d-he figures indicate, eaeii side crossing k,he''other's goal line Pom- times, but Smith's Your scores were all beliinds, wihilst Mel bourne ntotr-hed a couple eadh of goals and beli aids. 'Though each aide kicked 2 goals in tiho third quarter, Melbourne went' fur ther alhead to the extent of 4 minor points, and with 15 points lead at 'the last change of ends looked to l.iave tlhe game in hand. It is just possible t-ha't being overconfident they played ra'Kher to 'hold their advantage fiha'n to increase lit, and that therein they made a fatal mistake. Sonlfi played a de termined and plucky 'finish, mid although always "under Him wlhip" never relaxed their efforts to make up lost ground. The team worked splendidly, flic ruck work being particularly g.md, and turning three 'of their four opportunities to goal kicking account, while (.Melbourne failed to add a simple point, Souiih gained a sensational and well deserved victory 'by 4 points— 7.6 to 6.8. While Melbourne may claim to have fiasl the bast of 'the play generally, the winners deserve great credit for fighting out nn uphill game ho well, which could not be denied even by the disappointed supporters of the losing team. Leith kicked 4 goals for Melbourne ;in characteristic style, and South 'have us good a long kicker in Warwick Arm strong, who, however, is wot very keen on fatftbaTl, ami Vmly plays occasionally. With the most promising prospects before fiim as a criekcler, Armstrong .is not unwise in "playing 1'igjht" at the winter game, an acci dent' at which might thwart vcrv big possi- bilities in connection with cricket. He and Waugh and Broekwell kicked 2 goals each. ' Colhngwood's recent victories over Gee long and Essendon loEt little doubt about the probable, result of their match against Carlton on Saturday, though the Magpies were weakened by the absence of several who were on the list of sick and wounded. To the surprise of 4)he big crowd assembled at Victoria Park, however, Carlton scored 2 goals before the home team got fairly going, and 'in consequence the excitement commenced to bubble. Before the first change of ends Collingwood had caught and passed the visitors, finishing the quarter with a lead of 2 points; and from that time the issue- was never in doubt, for although Carlton picked up 6 points in the third quarter, Collingwood bad before that estab lished a lead wh'ioh put them far beyond anxiety. Before the first change of ends they bad (as stated) taken possession, and Carlton's be3t efforts to force them from their position were unavailing. In the second quarter, while Carlton's score re mained unaltered, the Magpies put on o goals and a behind, and as they added in the last quarter 6 goals and 6 behinds against 1 behind, the result was an overwhelming defeat for Carlton by 68 points, the final scores being 14.12 to 4.4. Admitting that victories over Carlton and St. Kilda are not of much indicative value, 'there is no doubt about tbe improvement recently shown by Collingwood. After three disastrous en counters with Carlton, Melbourne and Fitz roy respectively, in all of which they were badly beaten, the Magpies have won four of tlieir last five maitches, beating Geelong, Essendon, St. Kilda and Carlton, and losing, by 2 points to South Melbourne, a match in which they had the best of the general play. This is really good form, almost justi- lying confidently expressed local hopes ol "shaking' the premiership. Alt East Melbourne on Saturday Essendon put up the season's record score — 117 points —against St. Kilda. This is the 'tlnrd score of 'three figures recorded this year, and -they have -all been -made at the expense of the Saints, against whom Fitzroy scored 116 points and Melbourne 108. Saturday's match was all on one side from first tto last, Essen don starting off with a load of 37 ipoin-ts— 6.2 to 0.1— in 'the first quarter, which com pletely destroyed any little interest which might have been felt in the match before, ..it commenced. The comparative character of the jHay.is fairly, indicated by, the figures;, Essendon increasing tlieir advantage by ...7 ptfin'ts in the second quarter, 13 poirits m the third and 35 points :in the lourcii, and win ning with 02 points to spare, the score. being 17.15 'to 3.7. Thurgood kicked 5 goals- for the winners, Forbes turd XiATkiii 3 Gtich, aud Fitzpa. trick 2. Foo'tscray 'having a bye on Saturday, : the most .important Association match was- at Pont -Vle'/bourne, !bcbween 'those old trans: marine rivals, Ports and AVilliani»iotvii. The latter, though they Avon by 13 "points and played a generally much stronger game than »the:home 'team, migWt have received an unpleasant shock in consequence -of 'the amazing and repealed 'failure of 'their- for wards. After -the first quarter, m which Forts gained 2 points, Williamstown were, a'hvays playing the more systematic game, but so lamentably ineffective were their ef forts a't goal kicking 'tlia't a»t 'the last change of onds 'their extraordinary record was 1.14 to 2.4, and 'thus, although .they bad crossed the opposing goal line 15 times 'to lort jlcl". bourne's 6. Williamstown were only 4 points ahead — a lead which might be more 'tlnm coun'tei'balaneed by one good Straight kic'k. Tlnvt lucky kick, however, was not destined to fall! 'to The Jdt of Port Melbourne, whose score was not increased by a single point in the last quarter, while Williamstown, add ing a goal and 3 behinds, won by 13 point —2 17 'to 2.4. The Port Melbourne F-ootball Club exccu,. tive are bo be warmly commended in their effort ito keep the game sans reprqehe, and their latest move in 'this direction as doubly worthy of praise in that,, while displaying their intolerance of anything shady, rtcon siderably weakens the playing strength of. tlhe itaun. In the Williamstown ma-tek on Saturday the pMy of Knox, their speedy, wing man, ainu of tHiickey. 'Uie captain, aroused the suspicion of the committee, along with 'that of several of Hie players, and as an. outcome of an inquiry held by the Port Melbourne committee on. Tuesday evening the following resolution was passed, — "That the secretary be instructed to w rite -to Messrs. E. ITickey and A. Knox, .inform ing 'them 'that their services would not be required by the Port Melbourne 1'ootbaU Club." It .iff .proposed, iu addition, to nsk the Football Association 'to appoint a com mittee of inquiry, si 'that if necessary fur ther stops may be taken. _ ' Prahran Strongly emphasised the marked improvement 'they have recently , shown, by, scorhig a good win over Richmond on &Atutv; day, much to the delight of 'their supporters, who made 'the a:ir of Toorak Park ring w ith cheers of encouragement and sa'tisfnction.,It was a fluctuating and consequently moa. ex erting game a"il 'through, Kiclimond leading by 1 ipoin't a't 'the end of the first quan,ei, Prahran Ibeing 5 points ahead a't half-time, and Richmond 4 points 'to ithe good at the last . change of ends. Though .'the finjsh was . desperately fought out, it sen ed. to show the home team to advantage, the fea-, ture of the last quarter being tlie-accuracy, in goal kicking on both sides, bnt Praliinu, making the splendid addition of' 5 -eoals.-tp 2 in tlie Inst quarter— in which only .1 be hind wns scored by each side— won brilliant ly by 14 points— 9.3 to 6.7. Noftli Melbourne, on theh- own ground, were solaced for their two previous de feats, at the hands of Footscray. and 1 rail- ran respective!:.', by an easy victory over Brunswick, who held their own fairly well in the first aud third quarters, but were badly beaten by the well organised play of the home team in each of the other two periods. ' In the second quarter especially North showed mnrked superiority, adding 4.1 to nil, and in the last quarter, while Brunswick again fniled to score a point, North put on a goal and a behind, winning by 36. points— 9.7 to 4.1. Quilligan aud Torny kicked 3 goals each, and Sicily 2, for the winners. Essendon Town, like North Melbourne, avenged defeats sustained in the their last two matches by a win at Essendon on Satur day, but in this case the victory was won by accurate goal kicking rather than by all round excellence. West Melbourne's failure in shooting for goal was especially notice able in tlie third quarter, in which tlieir good general play should have placed them in a winning position, but six tries resulting iu only six behinds, the golden opportunity was lost, and although they gained a point an the last quarter, which was splendidly contested, Essendon Town won by 9 points — 7.5 to 4.4. Kennedy 3, Watts 2 and J. Shaw 2 were the successful goal kickers for the winners, and Williams and ltyan, 2 each, for the losers. 