Me Women, [By RUTH.] The mother of 'Dr. Max Kordau died last month, aged 87 years. * * * Mrs, Craigie, Madame Sarah Grand, and -c Ouida,' and other well-known literary women are bitterly opposed to the war. * * * . . For eyes wearied or dim with sewing or read ing, great relief will be felt if massage is prac tised. When resting, close the eyes, and gently and steadily rub the lids, downwards and in wards towards the nose for five or ten minutes. * * * 'When women are enlightened as to what conscription means for their sons, the general ? answer will be, ' I'd rather lay them away in their graves. They havs no right to talk about taking a woman's boys away against her will.' But alas ! so few will understand conscription and its evils until it is too late. * * * The professional musicians of London, who number 10,000, more than half that number being women, are complaining bitterly ot bad times on account of the war. Hundreds of balls, parties, dances, and other social functions are being daily cancelled on account of the deaths of friends and relatives in the war in Safrica. * * * There will be much secret joy hidden under the fashionable deep black mourning of Eng land's aristocrats, at the vacancies caused by Boer bullets among heirs to titles and estates. . Wives and daughters of younger sons and poor cousins will have the hoped-for chance to scramble a few rungs higher up the social ladder. * * * ? It happened at a recent meeting of a Women's Political Society in New Zealand. A rather frowsy- looking dame had got up to speak, when a' new member asked a young girl who was sit ting beside her, ' Who is that old cat?' ' Madame,' replied the girl tartly, ' I am that old cat's kitten.'7 The new member suddenly remembered she had a pressing engagement elsewhere, and the society hasn't seen her since, * * * The Boer women are accused of being dirty and lazy, but in spite of this we find Cronje's and Joubert's wives with their husbands, work ing for them in their tents, peeling potatoes; and cooking their meals ; while the Boer' women left at home are working the farms while the -men are fighting. How many wives of British officers are to be found doing likewise ? * * * Mrs. Kruger looks after her own house- work, rising every morning at half-past 5 to light the fire, and get Oom Paul's coffee ready. She does all the cooking and sewing for her family ; owns but three dresses, all black, and two bon nets, one for church and one for market, all far from fashionable. This is ' ' the first lady of the ? Transvaal ' to the world, but to the folk around her just plain, simple Tanta Kruger, kind to ?everybody and loved by all. * * * The Women's Political and Social Crusade -and others are bent on getting a full reprieve for Maggie Heffernan, the unfortunate girl who dropped her infant into the Yarra instead of watching h die by inches of starvation. - . What is wanted is an Act of Parliament which will make the father responsible, before birth, for the necessary expenses of the confine ment and clothing for the infant, as well as making him maintain the child when born. Since women have had the franchise in South Australia such an Act has been passed there: * * . * ? Nothing has yet been heard of any attempt to provide our State Schools with niters; but 'We Women are glad to notice that the publie are waking up to the necessity for them. Another necessity in the State Schools is seats with backs to them, No growing child should be made to sit every day for hours with out supports ^0 their backs. It makes children ? lean against the desk in front of them which is very bad for the chest. No wonder Melbourne . is so full of narrow-chested, low-shouldered young men and women. America and France look after the general health of the children far better in all respects, yet the cost of education in Victoria is very heavy,, h The ' ladies' who run the Christian socie ties, and who refused admittance to the unfor tunate Maggie Heffernan, would have the Mel bourne public believe that it must have been a ghost or burglar who turned her back into the streets, because, so they explain, all the mem . bers of the society were out that night, and the door was answered by a ' stranger.' ? This is a very thin excuse, or else these Chris tian societies need much better management. The notices on our railway stations are a delu sion and a snare, if the business manager, busi ness secretary, and their crowd of ' workers' -. leave it to chance or strangers to attend to and help any girls who may call for assistance at the institution, ' No doubt there is much to be said on both sides, but. whatever the excuses made, it is too late now to help Maggie Heffernan. Any Chris : tian institution which refused, without enquiry, to shelter her, is morally responsible for the . .infant's murder and the mother's death sentence. Apple Rings.-- An easy extra for evening tea is made as follows : — Make a batter as for pan cake* one cup flour, litlie &⁢, tabicspoonfu! of sugar, one egg, mix w illi milk, fairly thick ; cut three good large cocking ajp es into slices about quarter of an inch thick,. stamp out the ..core, dip into batter and fry. When using batter in any form, be very sure the fat is sweet, and quite boiling in the pan ; wait until the blue steam rises, then drop the batter in quickly and shake about to prevent burning ; always serve hot, 