MELBOURNE. Thursday, 14th June. A special grant of £1000 and a suspension of £720 interest was asked for this morning by the representatives of the Carrum Irri- gation Trust, who were accompanied by Mr. Keys, M.L.A., and saw the Secretary of Mines in the absence of the Minister. The representatives explained that the grant was wanted to increase the capacity of the two principal flood water drains within the trust area. These drains prevented people from being flooded out, as they carried off waters from localities outside the trust's district. The Secretary observed that plans and full particulars would have to be furnished, and then an officer would report. The grant would have to be sanctioned by Parliament before it could be given. The other request would be placed before the Minister in a favourable light. Mankind in general has various concen tions of a ghost; the average individual who has bec-n looking upon "the wine while it is of ra?r ol; y r'ccivcs u,,e ^^ ot iats, oi snakes, or other creeping things CutiS^ 5 bi,fcr feU t0 th° ]°l ®f He"°y Cutler "o have dealing, with one of a subsbra u.l wder. Cutler, who had come il ,-wu from l V ^ n'J0'!t three weeks ao-o, a>!f} . f V} "I ?",T!roloilSed drinking bout ac costnii Constable Strickland on the 7th 'inst i ?? j "s 1eofc' :i"d sai(i tllat if he were e«w° w.ou!d s^oot himself. It % tTuslFcd that Cutler had pur ef.,.sed a revolver for a friend, and that in 1 his drunkenness he had loaded the weapon It became a ghost to me," he observed "in j jj"}'"-1} H1?,^,est tllino I could do would' be to et rid of it. He was fined 10/ w'tli th<> alternative of three days. 1 In the Practice Court to-day a nendin dnorce suit was mentioned 1o Mr. Justice Iloclges. The parties to the action are John Thompson Smith, oil and color merchant of I^iard-streei, Marat, and his wi?e, ti o,,l f°rni ?'. fctanEmo,-'c)- The former po isons for a divorce from his wife on the giound thac during tiie months of March iai..o _b-t\\\oeu^ April, 1899, and May, 1"0D the said Ada fcmith committed adultery witli Jo,m Francis Pearse, supr-rhUe-dent of the > ictorian Railways, mid George IT.- Jlallam State school teacher, of Cainpbellfield, each' ot iv..om are pined as co- respondents. He _,W°,?P«S U> 1U!VC tho'«T»tody of the chil dren by the marriage. Mr. Wonlf said that ~ summons had been issued oil behalf of the respondent, who sought an order towards the costs of the preliminary investigation of her case, and alimony pendente lite. Mr. AYooli intimated that petitioners counsel (Mr. "Was y) Iwd agreed, subject to his. Honor's ap piovai, that the respondent he allowed four guineas for the preliminary investigation and .7..Pm v'"Pek alimony, dating from the day ot the service of the citation, and ,£3/3/ costs. li-onor jiiarln the accessary order. T,f'' U!0 City Court to-djy, a man named Jolia Danby Krusc was brought beloro the bench to answer six charges of larceny as a bailee. The accused had been arrested some days ago on a charge of forgety by Detective iaacmaniuny, and -alien searched a" number of pawn tickets for watches were found On investigation being made, it was discovered iliat Knise, who represented himself as a watchmaker, of Collins Place, had received a number of watches from personal friends i f7 KIIC' rePair' a!,d had subsequently pledged them. The watches, the subject of the present charges, varied in value from j":21 to £2, and had been pledged at sums of from ,£6 to 2/. The accused pleaded cruilty to the whole of the charges, and was? sen tenced to terms amounting to two years' "i'ii pnsonment. . It wa9 orroneoiisly announced in the inorn iiig papers i-hat the death had occurred yester J aay of the Ifev. P. Bailhacke, formerly of the Albert-street Baptist Church, and more recently of St. Stephen's Church of England likternwick. The rev. gentleman is at jjre sent residing at Cambcrwnil, and is in o-ood health. . ?' i _ I In tlie County Court to-day, before Jud"0 Hamilton, Frederick C. Randal, of Lonsdafe street, cricket bat and toy manufacturer pro ceeded "against Michael John Sheeliaii, of ; Healesville, coach proprietor, for the recovery of ,£249 .damages for injuries sustained by him on the 21st March last, whilst riding on defendant's coach near Healesville, through the negligence of defendant's servant. T?ie facts _ of the case were that on the day in question the complainant was a passenger on the coach,' and occupied a box seat ° A coach belonging to a rival firm was- driving along "the same road, and the tiro drivers )og;ai to race. The coach in which eom i'ianiant was seated collided with a tree and he receivccl severe injuries to his foot, chesr, back and head. It was six weeks before he was able to get about at all. and even now was unable to return to his business. The defence urged that complainant's business had not suffered to any material extent, and Dr. Ryan gave evidence that he had examined Randal, but could find nothing that would iniurpdm Wlab ll0 was PC!'"'-»'onUy injured. The ]udgc gave a verdict for XI50 with .costs. 