NOViiL. CAPTAIN MOLLY. CHAP! UR XVI.—(Continued.) BY 3; Ally A. DENISON. ' There's ji .t the ghost of a chance. Now put on the t no hat,' said Molly, and then stood back, her head on one side, her glance critir.il. 'Try the unnnet,' she went on, deftly lifting the j .ietty trifle of silk and lace. 'Ah, that's i ; that aigrette was just what was i • 'led. My dear, I hope he •will see you You've no idea how pretty you are.' As the tw ,'irls left Paradise Flats that evening, ti <-v met Sebastian bringing baby Bassel. home. The child's beautiful face lighted .it sight of them, and, with a babe's quirk, heavenly smile, he held out his little arn.s. Seine foll< "ved, very petite, bright and delicately fair in her new muslin dress, which Moll} had helped her to finish the day before. * We've been taking a long walk,' whispered the happy little wife and mother. ' He has not had a bad turn for a whole week—and God bless you!' she cried softly from a full heart. CHAPTER XVII. IN THE RECTOR'S PEW. In fine artristocratic case. The chapel was brilliantly lighted, the congregation large. Molly and her friend were given seats in the side that formed one wing of the chapel, and Ensign Harry shrank into the corner of the pew, as far from the glare of lights as possible. The chancel was decorated with flowers. On the edge of the velvet-lined lectern stood a vase of calla lilies, every one a perfect blossom, white, massive, and fragrant. A young man clad in clerical robes came forward. Molly -felt her dress grasped hard, and knew that this was the Rev. Mr. Flagler. She had no opportunity then to form any conclusions as to his appearance, for she felt the weight of Ensign Harry, and feared that she had fainted. She turned. The English girl, indeed, made no sign, but Molly drew a little closer, obtained possession of her hand, and thus they sat, the one nerveless and constrained, the other striving to impart her own strength to her friend. In the rector's pe ^ sat two women, one the rector's wife, the other not so young, •Pressed in a tan colour silk and wool travelling dress, her bonnet nodding with tiny plumes, her small hands exquisitely gloved, in one of them a prayer book bound in old ivory. In her face there was lack of spiritual beauty, but the correct elassioal outlines, the heavy-liddad blue eyes, and the faultless complexion betrayed a , Saxon -origin, and the 'ai aristocrat^ breathed from all her move- ments.- Molly's heart sank. She had sometimes resorted to the chapel on Sunday evenings with Russell St icy, and she knew which •was the rectoiy pew. She said to herself,— ' That woman is rich, refined, well-born, and worldly, and she is the wife of Mr. Flagler.' And the expected lecture commenced. The hand enclosed in Molly's grasp grew cold as ice and then trembled violently. Smooth, eloquent, and versatile, the address moved on. The lecturer looked about him a good deal, a bold- selfassertion ini hi 3 glances—or so Molly thought. ' He is effeminate,' she mused. ' That face, with the over-large eyes, the small mouth, the florid complexion, and the smooth expressionless forehead, is not the face of a man willing, if need be, to fight for the truth. Prosperity is his God; poverty would make him pusillanimous and a slave to the great. I don't like him.' But now something unexpected happened. The man with his sweeping glances at last took in the pale, beautiful, serious face of Ensign Harry, framed in the dainty stylish hat. For one second he turned white, swayed, and clutched at the lectern. Everbody saw his agitation, everybody wondered. Then he took a glass of water, wet his parched lips, braced himself anew, and went on with his well-ordered address, but not once afterwards did his eyes wander from the written page. 'After all, he must have loved her,' Molly said to herself, with a sad, foreboding heart. Amid the low, decorous, murmuring swell of voices that goes along the aisle with the people as they leave the temple, one could hear the comments of the con- ' Very nice,' said a lady near Molly who would have screamed at the thought of touching elbows with a Salvationist. ' Quite eloquent. Did you see the lady in the rector's pew ? That is his bride: this is their wedding trip. She is very rich,— indeed, enormously wealthy, so I hear,— and a lady by title. Yes, he made a very fine match; clergymen are sometimes quite fortunate, don't you know? Oh, yes, a little older than he, I should think But that bonnet—wasn't it a dream ? Well, she can afford it: she has millions.' Ensign Harry clutched Molly's arm just then. As they went out of church it was quite late and very dark. ' Don't speak to me; don't, please, say a word,' the English girl murmured almost convulsively. ' It is all over, and I —am punished.' And then, in less than a minute afterwards, in a voice full of anguish. ' Why, don't you talk ? Oh, Molly, Molly, say something to eomfort me, or I shall go mad.' ' Let all fail if heaven fail not,' -Jolly made answer, in a soft, sweet voic. ' Oh, thank you, thank you,' the girl spoke rapidly. ' All has failed! How do I know but heaven will ? Oh, Molly, he saw me!' she gasped. ' Yes, he saw you, that was evident to me, and puzzling to the congregation, no doubt,' Molly answered, asking herself in silence what his wife would be likely to say to him about it. 'A mist came over my eyes. Didn't he stop ?' Harry asked. ' He not only stopped, but almost lost his wits. Somebody said coming out that it was spasms of the heart: people always act that way from that cause.' • The voyage of memory !' Ensign Harry murmured. ' Oh, no, he can't have forgotten. And his face—what did you think of it ? Ah me, why do I ask ?' 'It was not the face of -i high-toned man—I mean in the best «tnse of the word. He likes good dinners and flattery in moderate doses. He couldn't preach for his life if he didn't write his sermons.' * Oh, Molly! is that your estimate of the man I love ?' She had not yet nerved herself to speak of his wife. ' Of the man you did love,' said Molly. 'It is a sin to love him now that he is married.' Ensign Harry was silent after that. ' Let me go into your room, dear,' she said, as they went upstairs together. She took off the pretty trifle' of silk and feathers. As she held out her hand, a far-away look in her face, a stirring blast came from a cornet, with the click of castanets and the roll of the drum, as the men and women joined in singing ' Rescue the perishing.' The Salvation section marched sturdily along in the street below, on their way from some gathering. Teai s stood in Ensign Harry's eyes. ' Blessed little company!' she said, her voice trembling, 'humble faithful, happy! Here, Molly; thanks for your kindness, dear,' as she handed her the bonnet. ' I'll never again take off the badge of my —liberty—wherewith Christ liath made me free.' CHAPTER XVIII. COUSIN LUCY'S REIGN. The road to home happiness lies over small stepping-stones. MY DEAR MOLLY, ' I saw you last night in St. Luke's Chapel, clothed and seemingly in your right mind. What does it mean? Why were you at the lecture 'delivered by the celebrated English clergyman ? Are you coming back to the iaith ? . 'ist night you were at home. It cannot be that you prefer the slums! Your cousin wishes you to return. She is lonely (I don't remember that you e?( r considered it lonely here). I had a letter from Russell Stacy. He was in Paris,—said nothing definite as to his return. ' Let me hear that you have come to your senses. Isn't there a commandment r in some old book, 'Honour thy father and thy mother'? To be sure it doesn't say obey, but I am old-fashioned enough to think that to a father obedience is due. However, I don't force you. It'you won't leave, stay till you tire of them or .they tire of you. ' Your Father.' Molly had often written to her father, but the banker had never answered her letters. This was the first written word she had received from him. The sight of Molly dressed as he had been wont to see her, so touched his exacting heart that this short note was the result. Lucy, his neice, had been for a time very happy in the midst of all her finery. When first invited to become a habitant of her uncle's home, her delight knew no bounds. The large, cool house, a parlour and boudoir secured to herself., seemed literally like paradise to her. To have her own maid, plenty of spending money, and a fine wardrobe, was as near being in a state of beatitude as she could imagine. Molly's maid stayed on because she was confident that Miss Stanley would come back some time. She could not endure that any one should take the place of her well-beloved young lady. ' She never gave herself no airs, she didn't,' muttered the girl. ' Anyone could see which was the lady.' Molly had declined more than half the invitations she received to social gatherings. Lucy accepted every one with eagerness, Consequently she was somewhat faded that first winter, and her uncle often waited for her till the toast was cold. ' My dear, Molly never kept me waiting,' he said now and then, and his very soul rebelled against the edict he had given that his daughter was not yet to come to the house. ' The little fool! the little blank fool!' he would mutter, between his teeth, only his profanity was very much more pronounced. ' But she is true grit;' and he ended with a fit of admiration for her courage. He seldom went into society, so he heard but few of the remarks of the busybodies who pitied him and condemned Molly in the same breath. Home was not the same to him now. He was a proud man, and in his way very fond of Molly. Her stately beauty,—at least she seemed stately to him, though she was by no means tall,—her sweet good-morning kiss,—Lucy seldom kissed him, and he did not care for her to do so, —her real love for him, for himself alone, —Lucy's face beamed only when he gave her her allowance,—her whole gracious loveliness, in all home ministrations, were constantly in his memory. Lucy helped him on with his coat sometimes ; she kept his dressing-gown and slippers in the right place; she tried to remember what made for his comfort; but was not always successful. Molly never forgot things. Her habits were fixed. CHAPTER XIX. THE PROFESSOR'S VERDICT. The meaning of harmony goes deep. The windows of Professor Andromos's musical conservatory were open to the soft breezes of the ocean. The professor lived in an unfashionable quarter of the city, but in spite of that he was the musical lion of the day. Everybody knew that he chose the place because of its beauty and healthfuhiess, to say nothing of the size of the monster rooms. The professor gave instruction only in piano and violin. The latter instrument, in his hands, told wild stories of love and romance, and he was daily petitioned by courtly dames to give lessons to their sons and daughters at fabulous rates. Opposite the house was an old- fashioned square, daintily laid out with flowering shrubs, trees, and Southern plants. Iron seats wrought into artistic patterns stood at various distances. On one of these resting-places sat Nanny Gartia. The quiver of late blossoms, sent dancing by the Boft air, stirred her soul to melody. Her deep, lustrous, spiritual eyes moved delighted from one floral beauty to another. Nan was neatly dressed, yet bore the impress of poverty in some curiously undefined way. Perhaps it was the stamp that penury, suffering, and self-denial had left upon her face, and that clung to her person. Her hair, abundant, glossy, and carefully dressed, flowed in loose, short curls from under a prim little hat. Lying across her lap, the green baize bag in which she carried her treasure, held in place by a shapely hand, appealed pathetieally .to the passer-by, proclaiming her vocation as that of a street musician. Once or twice the child looked opposite, up to the window banked and hanging with exquisite wreaths of colour, and contrasting delicately with the pearly gray tones of the great heuse, built over a century ago. . . Presently the door of the great mansion opened, and a yaung girl came out, lightly patting the head of the stone lion that guarded the steps. ' She has a splendid dress on, like all the rest,''"murmured Nan, with a little impatient sigh. ' And some of thetn come in carriages,' she went on, as a handsome equipage withglints of yellow light on the panels drove up, and the-footman opened the door for 'his dainty mistress. ' Ah, nobody soems to be .coming out any more: not£<itis your turn, little beggar.' She drew from the pocket of her dress Molly's letter in a square*white envelope. Meantime the professor was through with his work for the day. He left the piano, where he had been busy evolving a bright sweet prelude, and stood looking into the square, his face framed in the vines and gorgeously coloured blooms that he cultivated in window pots. A knock sounded at the door. ' Come in,' he said, then in a more impatient voice, ' Come in. Don't you hear? The door opened. The great professor stared and wondered. Never had a creature so hopelessly plebeian crossed the threshold before. Generally his usher, a gorgeous creature in gold and blue, heralded the visitor with a card on a silver salver. How came this one unheralded ? • The lower door was open, sir. I didn't ring, but came upstairs,' said the child in a frightened voice. ' Ah '• I'll give Pierre the devil for this,' growled the professor. Then, seeing the child's frightened eyes, eyes like those of some startled, beautiful animal, he changed his tone: ' Well, well, child, quick, what do you want? I haven't a dime—no, nor a penny; but. good Lord, there's a quarter —take it and go. I can't waste my time, youngster.' f Oh, air, I didn't come begging. Did you ' think I had, to you ? I don't want the quarter, sir. I earn quarters, myself, sometimes. But yon see my father was a musician, and I'd like to forget. Here's a letter for you, sir.' The child had hardly recovered from her fright, but she was a brave little thing, and swallowed the lump that kept rising in her throat. This man looked so grand, so utterly out of reach, in his black silk velvet dressing gown faced with red satin, and the plush smoking-cap under which his grey hair curled like a boy's. His eyes were very black and piercing, too, and seemed to look her through and through. Yes, she was brave to keep her courage up and the tears down. His pupils were generally more afraid of him than she. Taking the letter, the professor went towards the window, where Nan's startled, anxious glances took in all the glory of the Southern verdure. He put on his gold-rimmed glasses, and red as follows: * DEAR PROFESSOR AKDROSIOS,— 'You will remember that I have been your pupil ever since I was six years old. That was for twelve years. Now I have a favor to ask you, a very great favor. I don't know that you will care to grant it, but, ah ! if you only will! ' Little Nan Gartia, who will hand you this letter, is a protegee of mine. I think, though a poor little orphan of Italian parentage, she is a diamond in the rough. If not, then surely I am no judge of precious things in human nature. She has also a violin that must be of great value, for it has been in her family, as far as I can learn, nearly two hundred years. Her great-great- grandfather played upon it, and it has the appearance of extreme age, as well as the silvery, resonant tones of a masterpiece. Please, dear professor, don't frighten the little creature with your patrician manner, and sent word to me the very least for which you will give her one lesson a week, that is, if in your estimation she is worth the effort. I have found her quick, teachable, and far beyond her age in musical matters. She is, I think, gifted with remarkable genius. ' Your friend and pupil, • MOLLY STANLEY.' 'Ah!' and a strong face took on a gleam of good nature as he pulled his long drooping moustache. ' I can't refuse what my child asks me, can I ?' He loaked up reflectively. His 'child' Molly had always been from the time he first looked over her golden head at the grand piano and laughed because the little one could not reaeh the pedals., He cast a furtive glance at the r girl standing there. ' Good eyes,' he said to himself under his breath. Presently he saw a solitary tear roll over the pale brown cheek. The sight touched him. ' So you have an old violin, eh ?' he said, briskly. ' Want to sell ?' ' Oh, ho, sir. It belonged to my father,' she said, simply, ' and my father is dead.' ' Ah, so: dead, is he ? Did he play ?' ' He played in orchestra. Once he was a leader, but after his long sickness he lost his place. At last he had to play in the street to support mother and me. Mother is dead too,' she went on, in a low voice. (To be continued.) 