At Random. [BY ANNAUD.] It is tho ouBtom of somo writers to refer to tho art of letter-writing no lost, They 0vi(loiil!y don't know what thoy aro talking about. So far from boing lost, it flourishes exceedingly, in sunny India. Horo is an authontio spcoimon, from which I have omitted only one or two passagoa which enter into details with an accuracy truly oriental. Tho petition was writtou by a native, a Baboo, and presented to an Bug lish oiiiaial. # » » " This memorial respectfully showeth, tlrat your houor's servant is n poor mau in agricultural behaviour, and much depend 011 the season for staff of lifo. Therefore, ho prays that you will favor upon him, and tako him into your saintly service, that ho may have somo pormaneut labor for tho support of his wife and family. Wherefore he falls upon his familys bended knees and implores to you of this merciful consider* atiun to a damnable miserable, like your | unfortunate petitioner. That your lord* ship's honor's servant was too much poorly during the last rains, and was resuscitated by English doctor by much medicine, which made maguificcnt excavations iu the coflora of your hutnblo servant, whoso tncana are eircumc sod by the largo family, consisting of live femalo womans uud thvco masouliue, tho last of which is still taking milk from the mother's chest, and are damnably uoiso through pulmonary catastropho within interior abdomen. That your noble honor's uufortuuate servaut was officiating in | several capicities during past generation, but has bccomo too much old for espousing hard labor in this time of his fearful life ; but was not drunkurd, nor thief, nor swind* lor, nor any of these, but was always pious and affectionate to his numerous family, consisting of the aforesaid five female womaus and three masculine. That your gonerous honor's servant was entreating to tho magistrate for employment in the municipality to remove filth, &c.;, but was not granted tho petition. Therefore, your generous lordship will give mo some easy work, for which act of kindness your lord ship's noblo servant will, as in duty bound, pray for your longevity and philoprogcni tivencss." Tho mania for realism has led the correspondents in South Africa to employ strange phrases One correspondent, de scribing tho sound made by a riehochotting Mauser bullet, said it was " like the cough ing ofa sick ghost." Upon this, a rival paper said that its experts declared the noise was much more like "the groaning of a gouty worm." The "Daily News " cor respondent says that tho bullets "seemed to weep, like women who had been widowed through tho deeds of evil men They laughed as a drunkard laughs when delirium has possession of his brain, they howled as wolves howl through snow-cov ered forests of Canada." This may be re alistic, but it is also very silly. Men who are under hot fire don't nave tnuch time for comparing the noise made by the bullets with that of sick ghosts or weeping women. They are much too busily engaged in trying | to dodge them. The opening of Parliament has once more brought to the front the humorists, inten tional and otherwise, of tho House. Of the latter, Mr. Anderson is essentially first. A countryman of Sir Boyle Roche, he revels in bulls which set the whole House in roars. His brogue is unmistakable, and forms a fine setting for the blunders which enliven the tedium of debate. He made an early start on Wednesday. Questions without notice are generally frequent at the beginning of tho session. Mr. Ander son, good man, wants to stop the practice. So he asked the Speaker whother questions without notico oughtn't to bo given notice of? That was sufficient to raiso a roar. But Mr. Anderson did not see the joke, and further wanted to know whother questions without notico oughtn't to bo given notice of the day previous. Whoreat tho Houso simply shrieked. An iutcutional humorist is Mr. Ferguson, the member for Broken Hill. It is seldom that a debate closes without some caustio iuterjection from him, generally to the discomfiture of tho speaker. In his long speech tho other night, Mr. Reid said " Is this Mr. Langwell a Trades Unionist?" Like a flash catnc tho retort from Mr. Ferguson " Yes, ho belongs to tho saiuo union as yoursolf, tho Shearers' Union." This pointed allusion to Air. Reid's profes sion of barrister delighted the House, where lawyers are uot over popular. But George proved equal to the occasion. " Any how, there's this difforonco," ho replied. M The union I belong to nover goes strike." Miss Mary Kingsloy, the African travel ler, whoso death took place tho other day, is celebrated as a woman who ouce badly beat "The Times." Miss Kingsloy fell out with tho teinpcranco i>arty in England, and was consequently severely admonished by " Tho Times," and urged to repent ere it was too late. But tho lady was more than able to hold her own. She amiably retorted that she had tho greatest esteem for "ThoTimes." It was a most valuable paper. Boiled in a pipkin to a pulp, and mixed with a little paste, it had no equal to her knowledge for stopping craoks in a cauoe. When Miss Kingslcy's reply ap peared, tho laugh was badly ugainst "Tho rimes," and that paper left hor carefully alone for the future. Patriotism assumes different forma in | different countries. In Australia it gener ally takes tho shape of much noise, whisky, and talk. In China it involves slicing off tho heads of missionaries, and looting and burning generally. There tho Boxers, who have been making things lively, have been declared by the hinpress to be "honest, but misguided patriots." So. I presume, were those who rang the Wagga Hrobells with such excessivo fervor tho othor day. On the whole, though, I think I prefer tho Australian brand of patriot- i ism. It only leaves one with a big nead in tho morning; tho Chinese variety doe* * leave any head at all. * * * . Whilst on the subject of patriotism, the Adelaide people seem to havo lost whatovor sense thoy once possessed. They are going to spend nearly £4000, when pcaco is de clared,-on bonfires ! It is hard to believe that sensible peoplo could tolerate such a i wilful wasto of money. Only the other day an old mandicd of sheer hunger, starvation, in the Holy City. Not a sixpenco could be spired to buy him food. In India millions of unfortunates aro dying from want. Yet tho peoplo of Adelaide soriously propose to fool away nearly £4000 on bonfires. By all means lot tho declaration of pence be cele brated. But tho war has brought suffering and misery^ to many a home, and to squan der money In so sonselcss a way is a disgraco and a mockery. It's wouderful what difforont aspects the saino thing presents to persons who view it from distiuet standpoints. A death is usu ally regarded as a serious ovent, something to be regretted. To a newspaper man, however, everything that brings grist to his mi'l is worth hayiug. A death that provides good copy is regarded in much the same light as a dog fight or sensational olopement. Tho other day, in a nowspaper offico not far from Wagga, a gentleman called in to report tho death of a well-known porsonage. lm sorry to say that died this evening, ho began. Tho roportcr jumped up cxcitcdly. " Oh, that's good," he cricd. * Then ho saw tho IOOK on tho other's face, and began to apologise. One often hears about tho incivility of shop-assistants, hut in reality they aro generally long.suffering and much tried, wot, long ago, in a large establishment in oydn^y, there was a sale. Ono lady had occupied tho attention of an assistant for over an hour. Finally she remarked care lessly, . Oh, it doesn't matter. I am just waiting for u friend."-" Madam," replied the assistant, with undiminished politoness, ^ow ^u.nk that your friend is amongst theso mantles, I will go through them all 