VUiqgcswithout Inliabi- | tants. j IT sotrW difliciilt' to realise Hint thord , aro in^Iiuglaud, whole villages existing \o-day wherein !ia, not jib 'Go found Si ainglo inhabitant; yet tlio fact is so,' -incrodiblo as it ? iniiy .mom.' "'It 'W interesting, moreover, to traco thq' causoiofsuch desolation in tliu various ''ti^tlint'hiivo^cdmo'undor'our.'iiotAioj both in England and abroad, wlioru ompty towns arc almost ubiquitous. Tlio pulilic attention wax recently ''.drawn' to the easo of tlio village of Oongloton, on tlio Macclesfield high' road, > which consists of aver sixty' houses and cottages, not ono of which' in occupied. IJut this' instance is by no means] unique. Tn County Donegal, Ireland,: there is a small town .in a similarly! desdrtwf'condition: Over one' 'hundred; housesgo( to. form it, and the public !building* include a Jtoman Catholic', chapel, a polico-station, and a little post-ollice. YoL not ono of tlio; houses is occupied ! Wliyl liceauso' of tho: Banshee! The unfortunate! little town aci|uired tlio roputation of being haunted, and tho superstitious; inhabitants have ono by otic deserted: tlio place. | »ijfjor is this cause of desortion,unique.! Not in Ireland alone, but in Kngland, and Scotland too, thero aro' villages of smallur or greater size reputed to bo haunted.'AHome of these are entirely: and, (tuiiui only partially uninhabited,] but,' olid and all; they present tho lip-: jiearanco of having been branded with a mark'recommending man to avoid them; 1 " ' In the Auvergnes MountaiiiH of: .Franco ttiero are tivo adjacent villages without inhabitants. In this case,' ghosts are not responsible for tho stale of affairs, though: More tangiblu and material beings havo worked the desolation: f Tho villagos ard the hunt ing-grounds of lierco wolves! !:,'Wolves7iro by no means uncommon in Franco. Indeed, the sum of £1000 odd is paid annually to keep down the Hcourgo. ,Tlie ; villagos, ,in 'question: ' word'particularly infested, as is the entire neighbourhood, with tlio cruel,' ?jhildieating monsters, and thu ravages' of the beasts became so frequent and the death-rate from this cause so high: that it was decided that the village was riot ihhabitablo, and its occupants' moved lower down into the valley where the wolves were found to be less' venturesome. It would appear that drains are! equally as powerful a factor in the desolating of a village lis wolves, for several cases have been brought under! our notice wherein a bad system ofj drainage was responsible for the total emptying of a village, Ono of these cases is reported from Wales, where :wliat had once been a prosperous little settlement was vacated after the out break of an epidemic fevur attributed, to foul drains which tho people wore too poor to havo set aright. " in the north of .Scotland another: village was deserted for the same,' reason, the; inhabitant* in this eoscj taking temporary shelter undor 11 series of unused railway arches which: tlioy'bricked up so as to form more ni' lesscoiufortablesuiuiiier-houses.:. Mean-i tiirioamoro permanent buildings were erected by their future occupiers. Even in Ijondon ami all the greatj towns we lind whole streets and count-j less rows desolated for some reason. . In tho. Bankruptcy Oourt a rdo-i faultor recently attributed his failure! to tho fact that he had been tumble toj hit a single one of the row of hoiis'ex| in a leading Ixindon suburb or which; he was the landlord. JIo explained! that the recent tenants in the case ofi every single housu had met with soinej misfortune or other, arid tlio couse-i ^uence was,.that the row had acquired! afibad reputation - which" ndthing) lie' coul I do would remove. . I t appears^ that the tenant of one hound'' hiiil 'shotdiiinsulf in the best'; .bedroom, Another had been arrestedi .outsider his house for embezzlement.; A third had received painfully nuuior-i oils visitors from burglars, , while without exception Lit ' others had heen| equally unfortunate, scarlet foverl having elaimed a viotim from' more' than one establishment. Examination! of the history of the row only proved] thai tliu uiifortuuate mail's statement| was correct, and the houses aro still I 'imoceiipicd, despite tho low reiitj asked-for tliein. { , ,- I It'is" wonderful'what a murder in ai certain street will do towards cinpty-i ing the houses therein. A liousu agent in the Kant' Brid of liondon told tlio writer that he attributed to the perpetration of a double, murder ill 0110 of the houses the desolation that prevailed in a long double row of . respectable, small residences. Tlio' reader1 may . have frequently noticed'wholo ,rows of shops to bo,let, and'may; possibly have conjectured lis to thou'UNO of the desolation.. Ono or two failures is, as likoly as riot;' ion spdilsible for' tlio ' desertion of threo ' quarters of such colonies, as wo mayj , call them. ? ?? . '; j . Tt may coino lis a surpriso to tlio. reailor'to learn that because of thoirl roputation of being haunted, and.that) alone, several hundred houses in l'joii-i don are- deserted, many of them inj twos and threes togotlier ! Then there j aro said to be over seventy others] ompty because they were tho scenes ofj murders or suicidos, while over thrce| dozoii aro 'deserted because someone! hals mysteriously disappeared from! thom J*ikI noyor returned ! 