Football; gMand final match. '^V jxgham v. Lower Manning Ai Taree. (By bftt-O'Bouritlfi). I This match was played at /taree on Saturday last, as arranged by the M. ft. D. F. U. Committee. The attendance of spectators was not large, for the day was extremely hot, and the season being ' out,' public interest in such events had nearly died away. Collectors had been placed by the Committee, but their business seemed to be very limited. The shrinkage of receipts, as compared with the preced ibg match Cundle v. t,ower Manning, fras alarming, only abolit one-third of tlie amount beitig taken. . The teatns -yfery vl'isely decided tb defer playiiig till the day was cool, and it was nearly 5 before play began. The referee difficulty was worse than ever. No one seemed to be open to ' take it on,' but at last Mr. Fernandez kindly consented to act. Mr. H. O'Neill and Mr. W. J. Newton were boundary umpires. Those positions are never sinecures, but I think all hands were satisfied at the close that the officials had done their level best to give justice, and make the match a fair 'go ' Among tlie visitors we noticed a fair sprinkling of Cundle footballers, and Mr. Else's historic four-in-hand in which they had hoisted an ensign with black inscription on white ground, as follows : —Premier F.C., 96, 97, 98, 99, 1900. This was an object of cmriprfll mirinsifar nnrl Rnmet.imAR nf angry comment. Whether the display was needed to vindicate the position of those historic champions, I do not know. There is a old adage ' Good wine needs no bush,' and perhaps this club needed no puff. The technicality which led up to their disqualification (after defeating the ' final ' teams twice each) is fresh in football memor ies. D. McDonell, a member of seven years standing, would be the last to play if he thought any law existed to ; prevent him. 'I As far as play is concerned, a final this year without Cundle is as feasible as the play . of Hamlet without the ghost, or the South African war with out ' Bobs.' But sentiment is one thing, and law is another, and though, as Wellersenr., observed at the Pickwick club, 'the law is a hass ' sometimes, yet we must all abide by it. The claim to 'Premier- ship' lor 1900, I leave to the debating powers of street-corner philosophers, of which a big supply may be found In every city from Tyrie to Crowdy Head. Aid now for play. Wingham won the toss, and defended the Park goal, Lower Maiming kicked off and followed smartly. A little Winghajn man (too nervous for his job) fumbled it, and W. McBroom and G. Tisdell ran over but failed to arrest the oval, and, after little confusion, a force resulted. Wingham kicked off again, and we missed Little, A. Carey, J. J. Dimond, Summerville, Flemming and Co., very seriously. Still the first half was very ?willing, but very sultry. Wingham carried the play at their toe into L. Manning 25, and dribbling relieved very well, and at last got near the Park again. With a little dribbling rush Davis, M 'Broom and Tisdell got over, but Schneider, Cross, ' Winkie' and Allan were in the melee. The ball hopped and leaped like a ship dog just ashore, and no one could stop it. Tisdell was laid out on the ball, and a Wingham man beside him. M'Broom lost enough skin to cover a pin cushion, and whistle blew for a 5yd scrum. From a Wingham kick in the ruck, S. Latham took on tbe full, and hesitated. Now, though the woman who hesitates is won, the footballer who hesitates is lost, and before he could dash over the few yards to the line, j the whistle blew (or a mark. N. Lee took the kick and missed, W. Latham rushed, but a defender pulled him back at a critical spot, and saved a try. 3%ings were going very even, but the boys from the plains were warming to their job. There is a tradition that about 40 years ago 'Harrytlie Youth' planted some lemon trees near the far famed 'Tappin Tappin' Creek. He declared that the man who partook of them would have tho staying power of an old man kangaroo. ' The Lower Manning team hare made sundry trips to there lately. Nevertheless the mountaineers made them force two or j three times first halt j Second half both -sides set off in earnest, Any advantage of wind lay with Lower Manning, and they had more assurance also. Wingham kicked i off and S. Latham returned out. In and Lower Manning gained an advan tage, Smith saved for Wingham. Centre scrum ; Lower Manning drib bled over Wingham line—confused play — 5 yards scrnm. Wingham men rushed, and Baines kicked the ball. The wind veered it to the wing. B. Newton secured and ran through, scoring the first clear tiy. No goal. . Wingham kicked oft, and S. Latham returned and followed. Wingham kieked from their goal, most of their men were too far forward for proper defenoe, and W. Latham who was playing well, ran through and scored. Things looked very promiscuous for the up-countiy men, and jubilant for the salt water boys. 3\. Gibert, an old-time forward, was in great form .on the line, and coun selled them like a book. Betts broke away for Wingham once, and Cross once, but the line was a great deal too far, and neither side seemed to be on for much passing. Nelson and Baines, and the old-time hero, Chas. Dimond, toiled to retrieve the day, but it was too far gone. The two Tisdell were playing well, and failbert took his place ^ell. N. Lse hardly ever got a show; for . the pass ing was a very weak quantity indeed.' . From a long line-out in Wingham 25, B. Newton once more secured and ran over, scoring his second try. No ] goal followed. Ding-dong play went ot) till time was called. Hearty rounds bf feheei-s clifeed thfe day. . Lower Manning won a friendly and quiet game by 9 points to nil. 