THE GODDESS: A DEMON. PUBLMHEDBY-SPEOLAL. ARRANGEMENT. By RICHARD MARSH, Author. of'InNFull Cry,"" '"Tha.Boatio AMystory.'TheiOnmoiandftiioiQriminal," '"ThoDatohot Diamonds, "'"ThoDuboandHte/Damsel,I!i.&o;,&o;-f; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XXIII (Conlimtttl). 'All the time there had been knockings At the door. Now someone without made himself prominent above tho othe.'3. A shout came through the panels; "Synionds! Is- that you in there? Shall .we break down tho door?'.' The voice was Hume's. I proffered 'a suggestion to the inspector. "There is no reason why Dr. Hume should not come in. He will be able to- resolve your doubts as to whether or not this is Mr. Edwin Lawrence. Your men I should advise you to keep outside. They will be close at Land if they are wanted." He regarded me askance, evidently still by no means sure as to the nature of thc part which I might 1m playing. "You are a curious person, Mr. Fergu son. You. have your own ideas ot the way in which -justice is administered in Eng land. However, you shall have your own way. Let Dr. Hume come in. My men can wait outside, till they are wanted." I unbolted tho door, keeping my foot against it, to guard against a sudlen rush. The crowd was still iu waiting. It had evidently .grown larger. As "the people saw that the door was being opened, there were cries and exclamations. Hume was standing just outside. It seemed that it- had been his intention to make a dart within ; but the spectacle of me in the doorway caused him to hesitate By him wcre the inspector's friends. Misunder standing the situation, they made an effort to force tho door wider open. It was all 1 could do to hold it against them. " Hutnc, you can come in. Inspector Sy- monds, give your men their instructions." '"Gray, are you there?" "Yes, sir! Do you want us?" " Not just ,now. I may do -shortly ; keep where you are. Send along for some one to keep those people moving." " Very good, sir. Are you all right in there?" "For the present I am. Keep a sharp look-out-. If you hear me give the word, come in at once — if you have to break down the door to' do it." "Right, sir!" I re-bolted lite door, boos and groans coming from the crowd, as tliey perceived themselves being shut out from the sight of anything which there might be 't-o see. Hume had" entered. He was looking about- him as if the position of affairs were be yond his comprehension. "Symonds, what does nil this- mean?. Ferguson, what new mildness have you been up to? Miss Moare, you herel This is 110 place for you !" "I think it- is." " I say it's not. You ought to be in bed. Who gave you permission to leave your room?" "I gave myself -permission, thank you. I am quite able to take care of myself. And, if I'm not, here's Mr. Ferguson." "Mr. Ferguson! Mr. Ferguson stands in need of someone to take care of him." lie turned to 111c. "If 'you've hud a hand in bringing Miss Moore here you ought- to be ashamed of yourself, if you're capable of shame, which I'm beginning to doubt Surely your own souse of decency, embry onic though it may be, ought to have told you that it is no place for her. What is (liis (leu which you have brought her to?" yeSterce is someone who can tell you bet- -jnm'n" I- Afikiliim, tint .me." Yvrencc brokd into luughtor. '' That's it, Ferguson. Hume, ask the corpse." Hume stared at tlio speaker as if he bad beun a speetre; which, apparently, lie was more titan half disposed to believe that lie was. "Lawrence! Edwin Lawrence! Is it a jiving tnun, some dentonuicnl likeness, Ot is it a ghost? My God ! is it a ghost?" Again Lawrence laughed. 'He went closer to the bewildered ductor; his eyes flaming, his miiuner growing wilder as ho continued speaking. "A ghost, Hume, write it down a ghost! I wonder if I could cheat myself into be lieving I'm a ghost? Hunio, you're an authority on madness. Look at mo; do you think I'm mad? It's a question I've been putting to myself since— she began to' bo humorous. I see things — I hear tilings — like the men who've been — thivsty. There's a face which looks into mine— a face all cut and slaslted, aud sliced into ribbons; and, us the blood streams down . the cheek-bones, which are laid nil bare, its teeth griti at nte, inside thc torn and broken jaws, and it says, 'Artcr all I'vo done, this is the end !' I strike at it, with both m.v lists, where the eyeballs ought to be, but I can't knock it away ; it won't go, it keeps 011 being thore. 1 can't sleep, though I'd give all the world to. I'm afrad to try, because, when I shut my eyes, I see it plainer. The blood gets on my hnnds; the taste gets into my mouth; the idiot words get on my brain, " After all I've done, this is the end !' I can't got away from the face and the words; whatever I do, wherever I go, they're there. I seem to carry them with me. , I'vo been drinking, but I can't drink enough to shut them out; I can't get druuk. And, Hume, do you think I'm mod? I. hope I am. For while I'm being tortured she laughs ; she keeps laughing all the time. It's her notion of a jest. I hope that it's but a madman's fanoy," what I see and hear; and that, when I get my reason back again, they'll go — the face and the words. ..You're a scientific man. Tell me if I'm mad." . ' Hume tume(J towards inc. His counte nance was pusty-hued.. "What devil's trick' is this?" Lawrence answered, iii his own fashion, as if the question had been addressed to him : . "That's what it is — a devil's trick! Hers ! The Goddess's ! She's a demon ! I'll — I'll tell you how it was clone. She's got me — by the throat; bought me — body and soul: But I don't care, I'll he even, She shan't do all the scoring ; I will play a hand, although, directly afterwards, she drags mo down to hell with her. Let her drag! I'm in hell already. It can't be worse — where she has sprung from." Taking Hume by the shoulder with one hand, with the other he pointed to the door which was at tlio end of the passage. He wits dreadful to look at. As he him self said, he already ' looked as if he were suffering the torments of the damned. " She's in there — behind that door. But, alt-hough she is iu there she's -with ma here. She's always with me, wherever I atu; site, the face, and the words. You think I'm romancing, passing off on you tho coinage of a madman's brain. I would it were so. I wisb that they were lies of my own invention, a maniac's im-. agiiiings. Gonte with me; judge for your self. You shall see her. I will show you how the devil's trick was done." , He led the way along tlie pussuge. We followed. I know not what thoughts wore in the minds of the others. I do -know that I myself had never been so conscious of a sense of discomfort. The lady slipped her hand into mine. It was cold. Her fingers trembled. Even then I would have stayed her from seeing what we were to see if I could. But I could not. It was us if we were being borne onward to gether in a dream. All the while I had a suspicion that of us ull Inspector Sy monds was most at hjs case, while it seemed to me that Hume carried himself like a man who moved to execution. CHAPTER XXIV. In the Room. LARGE, hare barn-like room. The walls were colour washed; as seen by gas light, an un certain shade of gray. The floor .was bare. At one end - Was it . wooden ' dais. This, and a large skylight overhead, suggested that the apurtmunt had been intended for a stu dio. Artistic properties there were 110110. The furniture was scanty. In one comer was a camp bedstead, the bedclothes in disorder. It had evidently not been made since it was slept in. Tliero were two small tables, one at the side against the wall ; the other in the centre of the room. Bottles and glasses were on both. Bottles, indeed, were everywhere ; designed, too, to contain all sorts of liquids — wines, spirits, beers. Champagne appeared to hare been drunk by the gallon. On tlio floor, in the corner, opposite the bedstead, were at least seven or eight dozen unopened bottles, cf nil sizes, sorts, and shapes. Three or four chairs, of incongruous design, completed the equipment- of tho room ; with tho ex ception, that is, of a tall screen, covered with crimson silk, which stood upon the dais. This screen was tho first object which caught the cyo on entering. One wondered if on artist's model were concealed be hind. Lawrence placed his finger against his lips us he held the door open for us to enter. " Ssh ! She's there, behind the sereon ! Listen! Can't you hear her laughing?" ' This time ' I, - for one, heard nothing. There was not a sound. And, since every sense was at the acutest tension, had there been it would scarcely have escaped my notice. Scarcely were we all in,, than a door 011 the opposite side of the room was opened, gingerly, and soemingly - with hesitation, 11s if tho opener wns by 110 means sure of his -welcome. Through it ciuno the pertinacious Mr. Bernstein, unci, of all persons, young Tom Moore. At the sight of her brother the lady shrank closer to my side. The inspector appeared to regard the advent of the newcomers with suspicion, us though doubtful lest there were more to ;follow. .- "Who are these men? . Where do they come from?" Lawrence explained. " Inspector Symonds; nllow me to intro- 'duce you to Mr. . Isaac Bernstein— dealer in forged bills, and patron of penmen. Surely you have heard of Bernstein."-' " Oh, yes, I've heard of Bernstein. So you are Mr. Isaac Bernstein? Who'B the other man ?" ' "The other man is" — this with a glance towards the lady — "merely a thief." "I'm no thief! I'll let you know I'm not to be culled thief — especially by you I" Young Moore's disclaimer was half whine, half siiurl. Bernstein took up his tale. "Mr. Symonds, I'm r glad to meet you, sir. Our — our friend hero -is fond of his joke. You mustn't take him seriously. It —it's his way to say. things which he doesn't moan. I just stepped in to say a word to him in private — just one word; so I hope, you'll forgive me if I seem- to be intruding. Lawrence, I — I came with our young friend here along the little hack pussage, which the' models used, to use, because' I — I wanted to speak one word to you in jirivate. Would you mind stepping on one side just — just for half a moment." " No, Bernstein, I won't. Anythihg you have to say to me, you'll say in public ; at the top of your voice, out loud. 1 I'm going to say my say so that everyone may hear me — she and they." "Now, Lawrence, he reasonable, I do beg of you. Let me make to you just this one remark." Drawing closer, Mr. Bernstein dropped his voice to a whisper. Taking him by both shoulders, Lawrence began to shake him to and fro. " .Speak up, Bernstein, speak up ! Shout, man. shout I" "Don't Lawrence, you'll hurt me!" " Hurt you ! Hurt you 1 If I could only hurt you as you've hurt me, you pretty fellow I Why didn't you save your skin by taking to your heels? For me there's 110 salvation, because of her, and the face, and the words. But for you there- was a chance. Now there's none! Now there's none 1" He flung the Jew away from him, so that lie went reeling half across the room. Mr. Bernstein addressed himself, with stammer ing lips, to tho inspector. ""Mr. Symonds, he's — he's not right in his head ; he's excited — he's been drinking ; look at those bottles !" Lawrence threw out his arms, with a laugh. " Look at those bottles 1 Evidences of a giant's thirst! I'll have another!" Taking a bottle of champagne out of the collection in the corner, with what looked like a palette knife he struck tho neck off with a eleanness and dexterity which de noted practice. The wine foamed up. He filled a sodawater tumbler, emptying it at a draught-. " That's tlie stuff ! It's got a sting in itl I like my drink to have a sting 1" Bernstein drew the inspector's - attention to his proceedings. "You see. That's how -he goes on — drink ! drink ! drink 1 He does nothing else but drink. You wouldn't pay any atten tion to his- ravings when they reflect upon a respectable man?" "Respectable man'! Isaac Bernstein, re spectable man?" He tossed the bottle he was holding to wards the Jew. If the other hod not ducked, it would have struck him. ' - "He's 11 liar," that's what- he- is ;- it-liar. to his finger-tips. No one who knows him would believe liim on his oath." This was young Moore. Lawrence point ed at liim with his tumbler. "A Solomon risen" to judgment! See t-rutli's imuged superscription on his brow." The lady stepped forward, before I had guessed her intention. "What lie is, he 111 groat part owes to you — and to him I" pointing to tho Jew. "You are an older man thun he, with a wider knowledge of the world. You have used him as a tool, with which to save yourselves. You found him in a ditch — in the same ditch in which yon wqre your selves. Instead of helping him out, you dragged him farther in, .pressing, him -down- in tlie mire, so that by dint, of standing on his body you might yourselves reach the bank, at tLe cost of his entire destruction. Though he is guilty, your guilt is a thou sand times as great." "There speaks the actress. Your senti ments, Miss Moore, do you credit; though, being of the stage, they've stagey. They suppose that you can make a good man bad. I doubt it, lie he..old-or young. All that you can do, is to bring to a head the badness which is in a bad one. Bernstein, your brother, and I were born 'with a twist in us ; a moral malformation ; a trend in tho grain which, as we got our growth, gavo a natural inclination in a particular direction. I doubt if we could have gone straight if we had tried. You may take it for granted that we did not weary our selves with vain efforts. ' I know that I did not. The things I liked had to bo, like ginger, hot in the nioutli ; my plea sures had all to be well peppered. Your insipidities I never relished ; nor was the fact that they happened to be virtuous a sufficient sauce. " As it happens, 111 this best of ull pos sible worlds,, spice costs money. And there's the rub. For I hod none— or as good as none. But I'd a brother who had. An nil-seeing Providence and an indiscri- minating parent had caused him -to be amply dowered with worldly goods. , I made several efforts - with my own hands and brains to supply myself With money. Sometimes they'd succeed; oftener they would fail. When they failed, in the most liutural possible manner, ,1 looked to my brother — my only.' brother — to mako good the deficiency. To do this he now and then objected. Which wqs odd. Until, oue day, I. came upon it man named Bern stein." The Jew, who lind been listening with parted lips and watchful, troubled- eyes, to what the other had been saying, now went forward to him, cringiugly. ,' - "Lawrence, good old friend, remember all I've dono for you,' and— and be careful what you say." "I'll remember, and so shall you; you nover will he able to accuse me of forget ting. This man, Bernstein, was a Jew— an usurer."' " I lend money to gentlemen who- aroi in need of it, that's all-; there's no harm in it. If I didn't someone else would." "He negotiated loans ou terms which varied — as I quickly ; learned. I had had somo experience of usurers ; but this was a new type." ; . ' "How new? Cirounistances compel one to alter one's terms — it's only business." " He lent me a -little money on what lie. considered reusonnblo terms." "Arid so thoy were— most reasonable.; You know yourself ' they were." "'When you want more,' ho said, 'yon must bring mo " another name upon the hill.' I asked, - ' Whoso name?' Ho said, 'Your .brother's.' 'Do' you .think my brother would back a hill of mine? He'd seo 'ine farther first 1'.' 'That,' he said, 'is a pity.' . And so it . was a pity. Brothers should be friendly; they should help each other ; it's only right. to sb continued. 