GREAT IROHG: OR, THE STICKY OF BLACK HOL LOW GBAKGK. I: CHAI'TER XXV U | . THE MAD MOTP IE. - Under one of the great tr es in t>'./; .'ounds at More ton House sat Kim Lear, "nfhadull, vacant look in his eyes. "How should be know he reps/ted, over ami over.inadreary moi ntonc. "Howsbould he know if it is all a dri r-m J" ii bile he sat bioodin| thur, rx.-i watching the yellow leaves as tt.y edu.-iJ about his feef, there came flying iown from the man- sion a small, slender, fe stale figure, the face from whieh the dark h«ir was all cut away, so cm ali, and wan, and nincbfdtmnti piteous, that it was hard to tel. whtthyr it vras the face of a woman or act Ud. He looked op as sha west down an her knees beside him and c'wtchsd his arm with two small hands. " It is you, little one ! UJiy, what's the matter ?" be said, kindf... She caught her breath onus <r twice before she was able to speak. "King Lear, oh, bel| me, pity mel" she panted, her imploring e, ss uplifted. " They are going to taoe my hi oy from met" "Oi, u, they sorely- wouldn't do that J" " Yea, they will. My baby, my precious little baby, Arthur's oaly baby t" ehe went on, great team rolling down her wan cheek. They are going to take him from me. Do you hear, King Lear? Mil. Latimer told me rcrself, only a minute ago, mud as soon as I fte'1 'aSor iaa berouBt be away, <52 into the country somewhere, for ipuie strange woman to keep — my baby, that ins slepttcn my bosom sines tbe hour be was lorn. They're going to take him away to- uorrow morning. What ehsll Idol Oh, King Lear, what shall I do?" She beat the air with her frantic little bauds, and looked up at him with a face that filled the old mau'e eyee with tears. " Poor little mother! poor little mother I" he munnared, caressing her ivooping head ; "it it cruel enough to keep you shot up here. If I could only get you away, we might go to the old Grange to gether. The child-mother etarted to her feet. " I must get awey," she whispered. " Am brose was here one day ; I saw him. If h£ bad beard me, he wonld have helped me. Ah, Heaven I before my baby was bom," she continued, her bosom rising with convulsive sobs, " I used to think of throwiug myself into the pond over there. If I only had, all my misery would hare been over 1" " But that would hare been wicked, little one." " 1 cannot help it I think the HeaTenly Father must pity us, and forgive u» our wickedness, when we su&er; as 1 have suf fered all these long, weary months. Oh, Kiug Lear, you can't know'how I have suf fered I I am not mad ; I bare never been ms-I fur one single minute eince they \- brought me here ; bnt I think I'm going mad now; my head feels like it. If they take my child from me, I shall go raving wild, and I shall murder Mrs. Latimer. .She took all my pretty jewels and laces that Arthur pare me ; but if she takes my baby, I shall kill her !" Her face was dc-atlhy white, her eyes like lurid stars, her breath came in panting gasps. " She shall not -take yenr baby, my poor little girl 1" said tbe old man, aootbingly. " I'll go and see her about it." But her frantic arms held him tight. No, no ; not a word for your life ! It would min everything, and I might never see my baby again. I am to have him back to-nigbt, and I shall think of some "Hist!" whispered the girl, with her finger on her lips. " There goes Nurse Ruth ; I must fly. King Lear, if anything happens, yon will bear. Meet me in the grounds, and we'll go together. His eyes tnightened. " I wish we could," he answered ; " I wish we could." " We will. They shall not take tnj baby. I'm thinking of some way. Be rea ly. King Lear, and wait. We will go to gether." She darted from him, aud went flnt- t.-ring across the windy grounds like a lap. wing. me angiy sunset faded out, twilight fell glor-my aud chill, and with the night the complaining winds swelled to a fierce gr-'r. The village bells had rung for midnight, an 1 nearly every light along theTast front of Jl'ircton House was extinguished, when a woman crept out of her cell and ran along one of tbe windy corridors, with a flickering taper in her hand. Her face was bloodless, aud her eyes shone like fire. I'll do it," she muttered, between her shut teeth ; " I'll do it, and save my baby !" Half an hour thereafter a villager riding along tbe lane raised a lusty outcry of fire. Failing to arouse the inmates, he left the road and pounded furiously at tbe gates, shonting " Fire ! fire 1" with every breath. By the time the keepers had heard and the doors of Moreton House were thrown open, a great sheet of flame fluttered from the main cupola, like a royal banner, "Fire! fire I fire I" A dozen throats took up tbe cry, and re peated it ; and the mad winds whirled the flames hither and thither till for miles around, tbe starless night was illuminated. Moreton House was in flames 1 The in- mates came pouring out like bees from their hive ; and the scene that followed defies des cription. In tbe midst of the general turmoil, while the fire raged and roared, and the cell -doors were being battered down, and the poor, crazed creatures danced and shrieked in their fright, a little figure flitted across the grounds, with a closely wrapped bundle at her breast. "King Lear," she whispered, seizing the old man's arm, as he stood bewildered amid tbe general tumult, "come! I told you I should think of some way 1 See, they are ail free, aud the hateful cells are in flames I Come, let as go." He caught her arm and drew her along be side him, a Sash of excitement and energy lighting his face. " Yes, you are right," he answered. " We trill go together. Clasp the child close, and let as be quick J" And through the fire-lit grounds, through the wide-open gates, away from the mad, tumultuous crowd, they hurried, side treble, . > CHAPTER XXVXLL ' ' " A 8TKAXGE ADVEXTtTEE. Ambrose Gerhart kept his word. He srent back to London, and had an interview with Mr. Parkhurst, the Trcvetbon solicitor, xr which he related all he knew in regard 1 1 the strange man who called himself King Lear. He vaaybeBir GeoBrey Trevethon, and ot may not be," the London lawyer an- i jreved. " However, tbe matter sbail be in- Ttsiigafed. We will visit Moreton House at if your suspicious should prove well founded, sir, I will see that you receive the promised reward. Miss Trevethon has offered a handsome one for any information \- joneerning Sir Geoffrey, as, without doubt, knonr." ' I do not know." answered Ambrose, with a jlas-i of scornful auger. "Nor do 1 care I wnulon't touch a cent of Mies Irevethon'sra- ward if I were starving." Jfr.Parkliuntsmiled and Ambrose, having few ba aut-y in this quarter, determined to -vet hi face Homeward. Somehow or other the inclination to purauehie journey had left live. He must tanyts England and see the end of this aSsir. Moreover be was puszled about that voioe that had called his name from the mad-house ' tower. Was il a parrot, as Hie crazy gentle man had said, or was it some one who knew him? A fonM posssMed him that it might be Isabel, and he conld not rest until he had seen Maud about it. Bnt trhat cbance could have thrown poor littis Isabel into a mad house? The idta ssemed absurd. Ambrose went home; nevertheless, and reached the Felltide farm one wintry night, when Hie first show of the season was falling. He found , tbe windows aligb t, and Maud in tbe bestirlor. She had a visitor — BirHarry Treiham, He logked -a trifle embarrassed when Am- brose entered, and .said something about re turning to the village. " Wait a little while," said Maud, with her frank simplicity of manner; "Am brose will be going back presently, and you will be company lor each other ; and yon shall both have a cup of hot coffee before you start. Sir Harry seemed nothing loth to comply. He settied back into his seat in the fireside corner, his handsome e) es following Maud, as she moved about, with an admiration he could not conceal. "1 am eo glad you have changed yonr mind, Ambrose and come bsck," Maud said, as she pot her shining coffee urn before the coals. " Your mother cas been fretting so about you, and she i'b really ill." ' "IU? Poor mother, is ehe? Then I must tell my story, and hurry on. I haven't been home yet, I'm on my wgy from London. He related bis adventures at Moreton House, and jtold of tbe course be had pur- sued in London. Sir Harry listened with in terest. " Yon saw Miss Trevethon, of course?" he said, when Ambrose bad finished. "What new did she take of the matter?" Ambrose struck the coals a blow with the poker, that sent them sparkling all over tha Swered at nost wratlifoUy; "there was no seed. I saw her solicitor, and I am done with the whole thing." 6ir Horry smiled significantly, as if a new j thought had struck htm, and glanced across j at Maud, but she took so heed. Her thought! j Ware busy with the story Ambrose had told her. j In a mad-house 7 My poor little aister 1 j It surely cannot be, Ambrose? But I must go to Moreton. House, and find nut. I shall start to-morrow." "Til go with you," said Ambrose, "il mother is not too Ul»w I Sir Harry fidgeted in his chair, " I don't see how ehe could have got into a j mad-house, Miss Melville," he said, but of 1 course yon will want to he sure. But to make such a journey in this wretched weather, with such a slender chance of success I Let! me go in your stead. I will leave no etone I unturned, I assure you/' I Maud gare a grateful glance. "You are rery kind, and I thank you, Sir! Harry, but I must go myself," she said. "And ' to think, Ambrose, Arthur Marlowe marries again on Thursday." " He does?" "Yes; Sir Harry came to tell me. He has been making inquiries about poor Isabel, but Las heard nothing, only that 3" " The villain J" cried Ambrose, through his set teeth. " I told you all along, Mhud, he was lying. I wish I had followed my inclination, and throttled him, when I met him in London that day ! Poor Isabel I How soon the wretch forgets her when he is so anxious to marry again, in this brief time." 41 That's Lady Marlowe's doings," Sir Harry put in. 11 She actually forces him to many the Lady Bianca, they say. It is a strange piece of business altogether. I really don't think he knows where your sister is. Miss Melfille. I spoke to him about her, and he seemed to be bewildered. He is not sound in mind, that's evident, and the most miserable looking fellow — a mere shadow." " And he marries on Thursday, neverthe less, a titled lady," sneered Ambrose. 41 Bah ! don't tell me about him j A lying, cowardly villain. Let him cross me again, and I'll settle the account," "Come and drink your coffee," said Maud, 44 and then you mast go." 41 If I start for Moreton Home to-morrow# I have no time to lose," They drank their coffee, and having bid their lair hostess good-night,tl forth to gether. "I ebsll be up .gain in the morning, IGn Melville," said Sir Harry, raising his hat and standing uncovered in the white, whirling snow; there may be some service I can do for yon. You mutt bear in mind what a great debt I owe yon." Maud smiled, and her smile was indescrib' ably sweet and winning. " You owe me nothing, Sir Harry. Good- night." The door of the Fellside farm-honse closed, and the two young men journeyed acroes the moor together. " Suppose yon go on with me ; I can give you comfortable quarters," said Ambrose, when they reached the cross-roadB leading down to tbe Tillage, Sir Harry thanked him, bnt refused, and tbey were about to separate, when something caught the eyes of Ambrose — a twinkling light far above. "Look np yonder," he cried, "there's s light in the old manor — there is, by Jot. i" "Bo there it!" Sir Harry responded. "What does it mean I" "Who can tell? I most ge np and find out." " Not to-night?" " Yes, to-night. Why net?', " Weil, one might get throttled by outlaws, or worse, encounter the ghosts." " I do not fear either. I'm going, and I bid yon good-night, sir." " Not so fast, my friend," laughed Sic Harry. "One would think you had had enongh of that bewitched old house. But have yonr way, however, if go yon will, yon must per mit me to accompany yon." " There is no need. I am not afraid." " Nor I, and two heads are better than ona. We will go together. " So be it," said Ambrose, and side by side tbey left the moors and ascended the hill path toward the Haunted Grange. As they neared the old house the light grew more distinct. It gleamed from the window of a chamber that opened upon the Southern terrace. The yonng men made their way np tbe steep ascent, crossed tbe dismal hollow, and entered the grounds. Sir Harry had pro cured a stout stick which he carried in his right hand. "We may meet with a warmer welcome than we care to have. At any rate it will do no harm to be prepared for the worst," he said, Ambrose took no heed, bet strode straight on across the grounds and np the terrace steps, looking neither to the right nor the left. The ..window, half torn from its casement by the high winds, was. acceeeible from the terrace. Ambrose, reaching it first, -swung himself npto a level with the silL and looked m. The room within was only dimly lighted by common candle, but' on the ruined btarth a fire homed, and before it crouched two human figures, an old man, his white beard flowing to his breast, and a woman — a small, girlish thing, with an infant clasped to her breast. Ambrose could see- them distinctly, in tbe circle of the firelight, and while he looked on in wonder and cariosity, the woman's voice arose, singing in sweet, tremulous tones, a lullaby to the child. Something in the voice went straight to the heart of Ambrose! .He gave a sudden start, and -the window-sill gave way. The woman, startled by tbe sound, turned sharply round, aind he saw her face. - " Merciful Heaven I" be cried out, leaping back to the terrace. It is Isabel !" CHAFTEBKXIX. -"L- < \- AfiOEPXfcB AT TSS VASBtAQB. t - . " And tomorrow is Thnrsday,anS Arthnris1 wedding-day." eaid BirHarry,aigpificantIy, as liity sat mound Liie Urartu of the Fcllaida farm bouse, on the following mornin«. " 1 beg your pardon. Miss Melville, but "what- ever yon decide to do m ust be done at once there Isn t a minute to ios." Isabel sat in be.- father's old chair, with her babe at her breast. Sac ha.i told tbe VfuOle of Iter sorrowfulstorv from bciooiDg ioeods Sue had htid of herfatner'sdettli, Or Arthur Marlowe's approaching marriage, hut her white, sad face did not change. She aid not shed a tear, utter a word of re gret; she only looked about her with het great, solemn eyes, and nestled clo3e to ?la5PUJff tbe babe to her bosom. "This is borne, and yon won't lat them come here and take my baby from me, will yon, Maudie i" was all she said. "Poor little mother! her trouble bas dazed her, said King Lear. " They all get that way at Moreton House, poor crea tures 1 1 " Bre r'pbt," said At. brosc, in reply to bir Harry s remark ; " there is no time to iS,, if . rVOn say' Man'i7 Siiall not!" r,owe 8 marriage go on or It shall not go on 1" she answered, her i'w 1CJT.8 flE3b'DR- "'MJ' sister and hor child Bhall go to Marlowe Hall. \\\ c will start at once. Isabel, dearest," she con tinued turning to her sister, "you'll go with me I know. Your child's father shall not cast you off and marry another woman." Isabel lifted her solemn eyes. " I'll do anything you say, Maudie," she replied, rrecUv. But you'll not let them take my ba'jv?" "No, darling; no one shall touch vont baby, answered Maud. "Mr poor little ?'f®ri.6ha afded aaide. " See what they have made her ! Her mind is quite gone J ?unSrink 1 lfit them - raSi HaIT'r flu6hed and looked embar. " No. Miss Melville, not if you have power you can ?" ; " bat areyou Bnre "I beg your pardon. Miss Melville, but we must have the proofs. There are a.c". '1Dip as moes marriages, you know." ... If a® dared to dishonor her, I'llhavehis for it, said Ambrose. Maud's Olive cheeks grew painfully red, bnt she turned resolutely to Isabiel. "Isabel, dear, you remember when yon Z\%me:X. ta AtthUr' Isabel looked up, a faint smile lighting her sau ejes. "On. yes, Maudie, I remember 1 The dreariest, stormy day It was. and I was so homesick, and be took me, through ever eo many smoky streets, to a great churoh, with candles on the altar, and music that made me cry, and there we were married I" "Good, little mother; you're not so far gone as I thought," cried King LeaT " B'Jt? tow.7 continued Maud, » was there TryruCd ttokn"e'n mardage create ? Isabel put her thin hand to her head, a bewildered look in her eyes. After a minute she broke into a little, gleeful sort of Ungb. . " Oh, I remember. How stupid of me to cried Maudie," she And putt.ng up her foot on the side of her sister s cba.r, she began to unlace her ooot. " 11 were v-u, , Prett;r boots once," she rambled on, childishly. "Arthur bought i them for me in London. He said I must have good, stont ones, to walk with him about the grounds. He gave me so many nice things, Arthur did, but Mra. Latimer took them all, my pretty laces and jewels I sa ber wearing my opal bracelet a little wmie before I ran away ! But I've had my revenge 1 That was a glorious fire, wasn't it. King Lear ? Didn't all the hateful cells blaze up ! Mrs. Latimer can't lock np the poor creatures any more, can she ?" "No, indeed, they ail ran away that night, 111 warrant," laughed the old van. Maud watched her sister curiously as she continued to unlace her well-worn shoe. 'Go on, Isabel," she said ; "what were you saying about tbe shoes?" The wild fire which bad blazed up in Isa bel's eyes died out. 14 1 forget so soon," she said, simply. " My mind seems to wander. It was the marriage certificate I was talking about, Arthur gave it to me the same, day we were married, jost save werecettaastadyte Sail. 'Take good care of it, Isabel,' he said, and bide it in a safe place ; you might need it some day/ I was putting on my new boots, and I ore a little pSace loose, and slipped it down under the lining, Arthur laughing at me all lite while. It sta there, and when they locked me. up in the mad-house I put my wedding-ring with it j and Mrs. Latimer didn't get them, because Bhe bad big feet, and didn't care to take my shoes j and here tbey are yet." She drew forth a plain gold ring, and a elipof folded pa)er, and put them in Maui's hand. 4 What a cunning little mother it is, to be sure/' laughed King Lear. "Who would have thought it ?" Ma ad looked at the paper, and then passed it to » jir Hay. " It is a genuine certificate," he said, when be had examined it; "she is Arthur Marlowe's wedded wife." " Then his marriage with another woman shall not go on," cried Ambrose bounding to his feet. 44 Gome, Maud, let us make ready for the journey at at once." The wedding feast is set, the wedding guests are assembled ; the bride sits in her bower with her maids about her, all clad in ber bridal finery, the orange blossoms on her brow, her silvery veil floating to her feet. Lady Marlowe, in her eilk and diamonds, swept in. "Edith, love/' addressing her daughter, who is chief bridesmaid, ,s we are quite ready. Bianca, dearest, how very well you are looking. Give me a kiss, and we'll go down." Lady Bianca turns with languid grace and holds up her cheek to receive the motherly embrace ; and then, rustling and shining like a silver stream, the bridal train swept out, and down stairs. At the church, the orldegroom and his party are to join them. Tbey enter the waiting carriages, and are driven away under the ie&den;, wintry skies. 4 All," sighs Lady Marlowe, under her breath, falling back amid the cushions, 41 when this is well over, how exceedingly relieved I shall feel." Over tbe frosty, frozen roads, under the black arches of tbe clanking trees, they fly »Iong ; and away in the distance, another vehicle, a closed carriage, drawn by two panting horses followed them. The carriages arrive at the church, and the bridal party get ont. Old Sir Hereford and his son awaits them at the entrance ; tbe son looking older than the father, so terribly have the last twelve months changed him. His face is colourless, tbe hair on his temples „areetreked. wjthiay, Jais ayea'--have.-<a r: etrange, introverted iqokaas if lie 'were vralk- ingiaa'dreanv \- — Alt. IlORA war awa A .1 ? I A Lady Marlowe. ' » - " .He gave a alight start, glanced abont him wistfully as if looking for something he had no hope of finding, and then advanced to meet them. . 41 If it most be done the sooner it is oyer the -better," he muttered, under his breath, as they filed down the isle. They took took their places -before the altar, and in sonorous tones, the clergyman began the ceremony. - (To be coufcmucd.) Norway is a comparatively unimportant country, and the sayings and doings of its people do not get into newspaper type very often; but the Norwegians, nevertheless, have a claim upon celebrity due to thelfact -that th e a.v erase length of life is greater th«"re than m any other -country m Europe. Recent etatisfrcs shuw. that formates the average is forty - eight years and three months ; for -females at as fifty-one -years and three months, lit to a valuable commentary on this that tha mortality in Norway is 17 per cant, less than iniauflisttas than in. ny other country y 