WHY MR. ASTON WAS NOT AT THE MEET AT TRANLY CROFT. a thue ghost story. \- Curious as this title may appear, the explanation would hare been full of in terest, to the huhting members of the County Set in one of the northern coun ties in the eighties; now, -alas,. so many years ago. In the latter part- of 188- I was a guest at K. Hall, a well-known county mansion in Yorkshire, dating from the reign of Henry VIII., when it had l>een a kind of monastery, but as Byron says — When Andrille came in King Henry's might To tarn church lands to lay. It had been given over to some of that pious king's favorites, and had been in the present owner's family for some hun dred years. Like most old English homes it possessed a haunted room. As I never slept in it, my evidence is only hearsay, but the testimony of some who have since proved their courage in fighting for bis gracious majesty carried conviction . « Their stories were to the same effect in, that during, the night, an elderly gentleman (lreajied. -tiio A'/tn century appeared nnd paced the room during the night, appearing to be dragging something across the floor, disturbing their slumbers and terrifying them. I suppose a belief in apparitions is out of date, but the fact remained, the room got a bad name, and was shunned, and only used when the house was very full, and this was the case in October 18-, when Captain Sinclair w$s entertaining" a large home party and aU bedrooms except the one in question were occupied. We had been looking forward, as indeed had most of the county, to the arrival of Mrs. Forbes, a sistep to Mrs. Sinclair, who had an estate in Scotland; and whose fame as a daring and venture some rider after hounds had preceded her in addition to her other qualities of being a good' whip, shot, dancer ; in fact, pos sessing the gifts dear to the heart of a sporting man. At lunph one d&F; Mrg. Sinclair informed us her sister would arrive that evening, and tha house being full and her first visit to tha hall it was impossible she could have heard of the legend, and the haunted room Would be appropriated to her. We were particularly cautioned not to mention the story, which we pro mised, and I am sure the promise was kept. 'The fair lady arrived just before dinner, and it fell to my lot to sit against her at the table. She was decidedly good looking, though slightly masculine in ap> pearance, and did not give any one the idea she suffered from nervous timidity. Our conversation turned principally upon the run we expected with the hounds the next day, and I am free to confess I was so charmed that I regretted daeolv that there was such an effenoe as bigamy, or that the law of divorce was strict ; and when the ladies left like the judgo in Longfellow's Maud Muller, I reflected "on what might have been," and con soled myself with the port wine to an ex tent that brought down some sevare criti cisms from my 4 better half" when we joined the ladies. So is sentiment mis understood. The evening passed in the usual way, music, billiards, cards, and a short time in the smoking- room but as the meet was some distance off we did not keep it up late. We assembled at break fast about 8 a.m., but Mrs. Forbes did not appear till about half-an-hour later, and then looking as white as a sheet, and not in her habit, and for some time did not speak. Suddenly she turned upon Sin clair, " Wett,"Jiriimy, you were a cad to come into my room last night ; I thought you would have respeotod your wife's sister !" Astonishment was portrayed un most faaes, though those whokne our host well were aware that he had the charac ter of not loving only fondly hut also not wisely. He replied at once, " hat do you mean, I never left my room !" and appealed to his wife, who confirmed his statement.' " Well," she replied, " there was somtme dressed so qtieerly and kept dragging something about the room all night, and I was so frightened I could not call out," We stared at each other and then ahe said suddenly, "Is. the house haunted? I am sure it is," and there was no way out of the.difficulty but to toll the story. The lady went in a temper, and said she would leave, but apologies and coaxing induce! ber to reconsider her determination on the understanding that she should never again enter the room in which she had passed such a dreadful night. She was, towever, far too ill from the shock to at tend the meet. The truth was of course not told to the numerous inquirers, but the ordinary apology of ill-health, As to the reason of the old gentleman appearing in such an unreasonable way to terrify hanqlesa people, it appeared that many yeara previously he bad murdered a nouseiieopw .Willi WMWU ud mcu wu too intimate terms in that room, and dragged her body across to .a cupboard which communicated with the cellars (though: the door had long since been brloked up), and concealed her body there, only disclosing the Becret on his death-bed ; and as a punishment he had to revisit the scene of tbe murder end go through the : ghastly process of dragging the! body serosa the room. It fa . many years since I ssw the hall, but... I heard the room had. been bricked up, -but even than it was difficult to find anyone to re- side in the hall. , NOMSD. :: \- aeesssssssB 