AT THE CAPITAL (Fkom Our Own Cobhkppondknt.) HOBABT, Ttjebday.— Are the Huon pine bedB of tbe colony worked out ? waB the question a°ked by one of the leading builders and contractors of the city last week. At one time of day the balk of this valuable timber came from the Gordon Biver the timber beds of which were worke j as far back as the year 1816; and how roauy thnaflaud trees have been cat down since that date and worked into building* and cabinet femitnre will never be known. The ubiqnitonB Mr B. M. John ston. who haH everything at bia finger ends in the way of H^atiBticfl, has not the remotest idea of the number of logs floated down the Gordon during the period of 80 yeara, and the Lands and Works information on this point ia an absolute blank. At preBent the Huon pine industry down south ia practi cally in the hands of 'a monopoly, and if one requires a plank of thia timber, one haa to pay nioepecce a foot for it. Whether thiB is dae to the scarcity of the timber or to the monopoly,' those who are in search of the timber must findoufctoifthemflelveB. BnilderB blame the monopoly, whilBt the monopolist will tell one that, the forests are being denuded by fire, and that it ifl impossible to get men to cut what timber is getatable for anything in the shape of a reasonable wage. ? Regarding the monopoly business, if there is any truth in this .it is only another instance of hLrtory repeating iteelf. As far back as the jear. 1816 one man in Hobart had the working bf the Gordon Biver timber bed? all ' on hisown.' There is no mistake about the . monopoly «t this particular period, &b; will be seen from the following extract Irpn the 11 Government Gazette' of 1816: — 11 On account of Mr T. W, Birch,' says this «li time publication, ' having lately equipped at his private erpenw, and i unsolicited by the Government W small j vessel tor circumnavigating, and surveying the coasts of Van Die men's Land, for : the laudable discovery of porta and harbors, he hafl the exclusive traffic : to MacquariB Harbor for twelve monthB. j Birch at thiB time owned the brig , Sophia, commanded by^JapUin Kelly, the : discoverer of .Macquarle Harbor, and he lost ; no time In making hay while the sun shone, j Two or three gangs of men were sent down ; to the Gordon forests, principally assigned* j prison servants. This waa long before the prison settlement was established, and a speedy clearance was made of the timber that grew eloie to the water's edge. It was rough. work, and the only man that made anythingout ol ths industry was M.r Birch. In i8l7, when the Birch monopoly had. expired, some other *d venture us Bpints dis covered that Huon pin® cutting paid, and in thii year one finds that Xfoptain 0. Feea, Messrs. John Bimp&on;, William Wheeler, Joseph Thom and Thomas Banks, -voyaged to the Gordon in a vessel called 4hB Hen rietta Packet. This Syndicate worked hard, and it is said that some of them who stuck to what they made had ample to retire upon. Coming back to the present, it wo*ld be well for the Government -of the day to afford all the protection they can -to the western pine forests. Theae forests are growing smaller every day owing to the advance of population, and it is said thou sands of acres are being destroyed every, year by fire and injudicious cutting. The wood is especially valnable for boat -build- in? purposea— there is ntone better in the worid— ♦nd ranch Bought after by thoao who nske np. cabinet .furniture. The present Conservator of Forests, it is said, knows hia business, and a report from 'him aa to thB condition of the Huon pine areas of the colony would make interesting reading to those who are always chipping in about the ?value of the local products. By the way, talking of the first man who worked the Gordon pine forests, he passed out with the tide in the year 1821, «nd was baried in St. tiavid'B burial ground in a Huon pine coffin. Whether anyone coveted the coffin, or the wood that it wafijtnade of, or launched themselves out into the resur rectionist line, has never been clearly stated; but after the interment of tha body, the vault in which it was laid was broken into, and the body stolen. The facts are stated in the Gasette of 1821 as follow - & 100 reward. Whereas the vault wherein the rsmaini of the late J. W. Birch, Esq., was ytiterday despofited'-*the notice ii dated December 8, 1821 — 11 waB either laflfc night, or early this morning broken into, the body removed from the. coffin, and |t« h^hilimenta and coffin plate ieloniouaiy stolen an£ car ried away. The above reward will be given , to any pervon or persons by whose means or Information the offender -or offenders may be brought to jofftioe, to be paid by us .the undersigned on their 6onviction. _ .Robert Knopwood, J. T. Wateon, Executors ' TheM'ts no further record to show whether this Toward was ever claimed* Robert Knopwood, or 41 Bobbie Knop wood,' as he was better known by the old hand i, was the sporting parson of the period, and be assisted to lay the foundation stone of St. David'* Oknrch in 1818. He saw more men leave this world in a lump, through the offices oi Jacfc Ketch, than any 'clerk in holy orders in the British Dominions. He is despioted by an artist of the period, riding a white horae after a convivial evening, with a couple of bottles ilung fore-and-aft, which indicated that he did cbt follow out total abstinence iiiei. Bobby was an %LD„ a ripe scholar, a three bottle man, and -where he took, a right down good fellow. He preached hiB farewell sermon ia 1823 at old 8t. David's, upon the occasion of his retiring :from the dnties of assistant chaplain of. the settlement. The capital city that day was a very insignifi cant place. Borne people, when they have a Urge con tract to carry out, get fidgety, and make things unpleasant for those around them. The government statistician lb about to ; tackle the census of the colony. Theiob ia j a big one, bnt he is quite cheerfal o#r it. | It would be idle to look for tTaoesof melan- i oholy on the face of Mr Johnston when he i has anything in the figure line to -deal with, i He revels iH algebraic problems, and deci- J mals, recurring decimals, and points relat- i ing-to statistics and the rifie and fall of ; mortality, imports and exports, and migra tion, he simply twirls and slings about in as ! derteronA a way as a modern juggler would ^ spin plates. He 1b getting the new cenfius machinery in order, and with Johnston at the starting bar there is Very little danger j of the show sticking in the centre. | 41 Clerks and shopmen, and all those en gaged in what may be termed light and genteel employment, ail poorly paid, and openings are hard to fino^aaya an old hand book «f Tasmania. The same work then goes oil to give a little more advice to those who leave the old country to try life in the colony, where a member of Parliament told his colleagues the other evening that people lived until 90 years of age if they only took cue of themselves. Ihe warning given to clerks and ehopmi,n. tbnee who don't care to take their coats off if they can keep them on, is utterly disregarded judging from the number of immigrants who arrive here monthly by the EogliBb BteameJB in search of something to do in the sedentary line. The Hobart market ie at present over stocked with this clasB of labor, and the wonder to many is how on earth they manage to eke out an exiatence. Those who are lucky eneugh to obtain employment, earn barely sufficient to keep body and soul together, and are infinitely worse off than the laborer who has five or six mouths to feed on a wage of 5s a day. One of theBe late arrivals got into such a Btony con dition the:other day that he was compelled I to take a ]ob of fencing at eo much per rod. j He had to throw up the job on the second day on account of physical incapacity. The Cape boats are responsible for landing a number of thiB undesirable clasB of immi grant, who Blowly but surely gravitate in the direction of the charitable institutions to avoid dying of hunger in a Btrange land. Energy and resource without means have certainly made comfortable homeB for them selves in Tasmania, but not without struggles at the outset. The class one refera to have neither energy, resource, or meauB. They are purely human flotsam and jetsam, cot worth picking np, and altogether out of placs in a colony like this. The Government are about to provide further Hospital accommodation, which ap pears to he a very necessary step. HoBpital building fn Hobart in the past hasbeen con ducted in' a sort of a go-as-you-please way. The malnk building of the General Hospital iB of very, ancient date. The women's hos pital at the rear resembles a castellated man Bion of the Elizabethan or Tudor period. Its designer meant well, but he did not hit the requirements of the medical officers and nuraing staff. The Government have been good enough to provide the money for the erection of the new building, but the design should be left to the house surgeons and ths honorary xnfJdicalijfficers of the institu tion, who know exaptly what is wanted. Doctors a* a rule differ, but in a matter like this theysBhonld put their heads together to build what should be built from a hospital sorgeon's^point of view. In Bhort, the plan of the new hospital should be thought out in all ita fee tails before the foundation stone ia laid. Speaking of Hobart hospital, things gene rally seexh to be working in a satisfactory groove, pne is continually reading in the, papers thfct ' So-ani-So' thanks the house - BurgeouB^ind nursing staff for the attention paid thqj said ' So-and-So.' This is a signal prdof of the devotion of the house Burgeous land the narses to the duties en trusted td them. x Dr. M1 Go wan bears the repute oEbeing n skilful surgeon, and one who is ever ready to do anything for the relief of jkhe suffering entrusted to his care. The writer has never had a taste of the doctor's Iskill, and he iB not going to fret ova it, but he has met many who have. ' A kinder - hearted man,' *aid one of the officials of the District Nuimngj Association, the other day, 'you could npt meet with on a day's walk.' 'Dp to his business, the pink of courtesy, and humane |o g degree,' waB the remark of a pressmark who had entrusted himself to the house BUBg»on'a care for a brief period. One haB a vivfd recollection of the battle that caged ovdr hospital management once upon a time, and in the hottest part. of the con flict the bouse surgeon seemed to always get the worst basting. Neither Di. M'Gowan or his cotleague can expect to pleaBe every one, They would be talking arrant non sense if they claimed such a privilege . They do succeed in pleasing the majority, which, after la saying a good deaL In Dr. M'Gowaa the Hospital fcoard of Manage ment have secured 'J the man for Galway.' Their aim new should be not to loBe him. The school children of the south will .not hail the proclamation of peace with such a large amount of satisfaction. .Up to within a week ago -every nipper was led to believe that he or she would receive a mbdal from the mayor of the city. The Assembly passed a vote for £400 to buy the medals the week before last, but on the following week, when the vote was placed before the committee it was thrown out. There were two or three cantankerous members at the bottom tof the throw out business. The Mayor, ^ho intended to spend some £70 in festivities when the glad news arrives that Kroger |ia8 at last caved in, has resolved to dock tlje- champagne And the trimmings, and sp^nd tbe money in medals. A few thirsty Bonis will suffer, and emongst them will be probably included the members who blookedjthe medals vote. Borne tool has been playing the ghost this vreek injthe -suburbs, and has frightened no end of timid people. Twenty years ago townsman played the apparation business i perfection, and caused thousands of people to gooni; on the hunt for him, At last he received! a charge of No. 4 shot in the leg, and he decided to give the game np. Tlu police hpve a pretty shrewd suspicion as to the identity of the ghost, who in addition to a heavy cowhidiug, deserves the longest sentence with hard labor the law can award him. * 