WEATHER AT THE ANCHORAGE. Our shipping reporter writes:—There was enough weather about in the Gulf on Friday night and Saturday to satisfy even the Ancient Mariner, who was a glutton for nautical variations. At sunset on Friday the sea was as dull as lead and a smoky- - looking curtain had shut down on tli« horizon, maldug the atmosphere so hazy that very little cbnld be made out beyond the bell buoy, so that when the A.U.S.N. steamer Pilbarra, which was expected, showed up abreast of the jetty at 7 pjn. she was like a ghost of herself. The seen* was changed by midnight. A storm bad been brooding and it broke with a bust from the south- west, the wind blowing with hurricane violence in terrific squalls, and with sleets of rain, which beat down the heavy sea. When the rain r^wm-fl the- ' sea worked up, and at daylight it was roll ing up on the beach while witn foam as - far as one could see. The Pilbarra had anchored well out in the offing, and- the boarding launch, which went o& at SJ3O a.m. —the weather being far too boisterous at dawn—having made repeated attempts to get alongside,' took the acting health * officer to the French steamer Armand Behic. ' which was near ' -the 'ocean' buoy. It was co rough that Dr. Getting had a narrow escape, the launch rising co much. on. the surges alongside tii&t; ' as he was on the ladder she came with a. \ dash against -the steamer's side and neariy. crashed him against the Jacob's ladder,' Boarding the Pilbarra was-eqnaDy difficriH^ but a littte less risky. The German steam* ' ship Hiring was negotiated with more ease. ', the pilot Jioving brought her into a -good berth cear the Annand Behic " The -weaV/ ther was exceedingly squally and the sea, high throughout lie morning, and credit is due to the Tug Company's coxswains for handling' the launches with co much' skill that no accidents occurred. An error in judgment might nave brought' about . . serious results. The French steamer was boarded throogb her galley port, which was much more -convenient than a. eEppery lad- ■ der continually washed by the surges. ' Ib . was altogether an entertaining day. The ~ weather moderated m the afternoon. '. " fa 