m\V KO.«AiV CATHOLIC I CHURCH. AT WAGRAGOHILLY. Laying the Foundation. Stonk. ? Amn tuiih unfavitruhlu weather coiuHiiou* for tho past fortnight, It would seuin us though ijundny were- specially 'ordeieJ'-'tn. pormlt ot the ceremony .'of laying ? the foundation stone of the now Roinau Catholio Church of St. DennY At WngrsgohUly being crownctl with the detlred aucc«!S-. ' There was a, very larce attendance for tho eere mouy— fully 300— nmdo up. almost solely of I people from Gundn^nl, Gnbarrulong aud Wagragobilly locality.. Mr. Donaldson, M.I', for Tumut, was ulio present.. Mass was celebrated at 8 o'olock'hy Father Gregory, when tho mission closed. Dr. Gallagher, Coadjutor Bishop of Gout* buro, accompanied hy Father Donovan, P.P., arrived at Wagragobilly at 10.30 a.m. At nrunglo bridge they woro met by n large cavalcade of buggies »nd horsemen, and escortcd to tho village. ? The country wus aglow with smiles, and wore a beautiful verdant coat. The Fates cnuld not -have .ordered happier conditions. Shortly after 11 a.m. Dr. Gallagher per formed tho ceremony of blessing uml laying tho corner-stone of the building.- '- Iu doing so he said the day would be lao'ced forward to as oue of the most remarkable in the history of that portion of the Murruinhidgee Valley, Their churcli was to be dedicated to God Almighty's glory. . It was designed iu fitness for the proieut us well as fuiuio geueratlons— for the glory of God uml the salvation of souls— to obtnin Hia blessing here below us well as iu the Kingdom boyond the grave. The corner stone bore the inscription! ' A.I). 1000.' Mr. W. Wurbrick,: of Guudugui, is the contractor for tho building; the erection of which wus first mooted. I-y Father Donovan, who readily secured the hearty und practical co-opvrutijn of his parlshioneiain the loealhy of Wugrugohiily. That a new church was badly needed could best be judged by uu iiupcutiou of the old building, which has fallen into decropiiude. The' excavations for the church have already been made. /The new church of St. Denis' is to coji £430. It will be 33 feet' '°»K| 17 feet wide aud. 13 feet high— bsiug 4 feot iu length itnd 2 feet in breadth less than tho UobatrnlongX'hurch. - The bricks have already' buen made.' 'J'h? zool will be of galvanised iron. liued with. Murrumbidgee pine. The brickwork Jwill stand on solid concrete foundations. . The Sanctuary will be 12ft x lift, with u height of 12ft ; Sucristy.Oft. stjttare ; porch, 8ft.- x 8ft., height Ofr. The church is to be com pleted by September* Seeing that only nine : families are settled at Wagruflobilly, their I ealei prise iu church matters is to' bo 'com I mended. I Iho old church was crowded at 11 o''lo«k Mast,, which was ' celebrated by Ifrther Do'novnn. * Dr. GALLAOiirnt ' preached ' a stiit^blo sermon for the occasion. - ifu snld tln-y w«re erecting the church to tho praise and glory of Uod, and He had unnotified the tirst corc niony with most beautiful wcuthcr. He trusted tlio blessing 'of 'tho* 'Holy. Ghost would enter into all their lives. When he wan invited to open their church he thought that Father Gregory, who was At the. tune conducthig a iniiaiotv ini^ht carry* out ' that duty, as he could do it with as much unction as His Lordahtp.' The Hnly Ghost, through the mouth of the psalmist, had said, ' How lovely are thy tabernacles, oh, Lord of Hosts, and b[essed.areJ they . that; dwell , In thy. house, for they shall praise' thee 'for ever.'; These tabernacles or churches woro ex ;pVossly marked out by tho divine revelation to occupy a leading symbol of faith us the shrine for all functions of the church. Their building would be a monument bequeathed for all time through tho faith and generosity of the people. If all men lived an ihey should there would be no - need for the | erection of temples to perpetuate Hii work* 'My ehurch shall be a sacred ? shrine,' where all created beings shall unemhle to sing my praise?,' saith -.the Lord. .The whole world was one mighty temple, nud they were. surrounded with the lesions of a lovely nature.. There .was thu axuro blue of the beautiful coimpy of nature above them i even in the bowels of tho earth there wero natural cvldoncce, awe: inspirit)# awl ^calculated to tnuke thetn tremble in! tlib ontemphtiuri. Nuturo took whig«i,\and soared to the..utinost limiu. of .the eurth und sky, tlmt these ildugs Vnight bo a guiding example to ui. The luxuriance of God's boneficence was exemplified by the comforts and needs showered upon us as the earth's production. The boautiful vesturo of the flowers of the valley,- with ruimeut »o beautiful and fair that Solomon in all his glory was never arrazed as one of' these, outshone iho best of; the; 'work*, of 'inaii. Then the thunder pvoolaiined the majesty; of God. These slj furnished us withu lesson' of the immutability of God's uufailing law. The mighty rivers and occaus were pirts of. the inexhaustible spring of the creator of at). To the pious itnd thinking nmid a contemplatiou- of nature's beauty should induce the adoration of Nature's God— something binding us to the throno of God. The whole universe was ono gorgeous, resplendent temple. All . tho works of creation— with, perhaps, the exception' of man— blessed with hnmeasureable praise the works of God. - Their , little churches of brick and stone were the' tabernacles in which God wished men to assemble to glorify his name— they were tho. Houso of God and the Gate of Heaven. ' 'His eyes wen open and His oars were 'attentive to the prayers of His people. All the hallowed surroundings 'of their little, church would speak of God, for everything would he in' harmony. At tho opening -ceremony~-they could make even a better ditplay. Every thing was suggestivo of tho Uiviub Wilt They had laid the corner-stone of their little' church on the hallowed Sabbath Day, which it was dispensed should be kept holy for rest and prayer. The Sabbath was a 'poart of Inestimable wosth which had boen wrestsii from avarlceand Paganism. .;,It. was the day] when they could see the church filled with faithful people, assembled to, hoar the words of lore and to hear the holy Mas*. '' Tlie progress of the churcli, as evidoncod by tiio ercction of a sacred building iu that distaui eorner of the Mutrumbldgee valloy, -showed that, despite religious, indifference, . moriii. cowardice and rampant sin tliero still oxlsted tnen aad women who wero not nfcnid to fearlessly proclaim the living God. They oould plaod all their joys' and . ull . their sorrews undsr'His standard. ' Bys following the. choicest''^ of ' Christian prcccpts, and band ing the md ow n as heirlooms to /coining gsasratioDs/they should bo Catholics, not ! only la same, but iu reality. To bo aisidu ons In their Instruotions to the young, to i live pure lives, never to be absent from their ' church on the Sabbath, and to carry their religion to_ their homes— these were precepts of the grand old faith. Thoy should stand shoulder to ahouhler, and be loyal to one another, as the grand old pioneers of the oldon days hud been.' Symbols in brick and marbU woald orumble away wHh tbognaw ing tuoili of din?— but the faith of a people could not fi:le. These structures in . brick were as nothing compared with the un wavering faith of a people who subscribed to tho doctrine of the churchy There was somuthhtg picturesque In the site chosen for their church, which was nlino*t in view of the noble Murrumbidgee river, as it roarod away to the Indian occ-in. They must pre servo the sanctity of, the domcstiu. life, and stistaln'all .that was noble and- pure in this huppy and contented land of Australia. As ChrUtian men und women thoy should fight the good fight against tho world, the flesh and the devil. The Truthjwas mighty, and, God helping, it'wcmld always prevail. A h'rgo luncltoon-room had been orecteri , hotween the church and tho puhllo school, and nil tho visitors wero invited hy the I hospitable peoplo of Wagrogobllly to partake i of a luncheon, which was excellent iu the | highest degree. The peopte of the village were cirelcss of their own Inner needs, their | II n't Aim being tho comfort of their visiting ' friends and supporters in this tHe first I local movement In which outside Aid was I sought; ? ' At Ihe luncheon Dr. Gallagher said that the occasion should be nurked in the calundar of one's life as a red lettor day in tho village. Yms, Jugiong und Gobarra long (in the Murrumbidgee valley) had all performed wonders iu building up the church. Now AVagra had made a noble move. They wore ail proud of Gundagai. At Wagga, said Dr. GAlIagher, ' that's the placc whoro tho faith manifests itself.' Then thny had shown good results at Narandera aud Hay, nnd right along the Murrumbidgee. If ail. parts of Australia showed the same progress in church matters as the Murrum hidgco valley then^Utere would be the highest hopes -for ;the progress of the Catholic faith in Australia. His Lordship paid a warm tribute to tho labors of their ?Bishop,! Dr.- Latdgan';-- for the dioceso, and regretted to nay'that Ids h«atth was so feeble that he could pot hope for his restora* tiou to permanent good health. He pro | poMsd-thc health of Father Donovan and ! Father Gregory, .who made suitable re | The toast .of the visitors was proposed, : and Mr.' Donaldson, M.P., responded. Up to the present tho sum of £280 in cash has been -raised ' towards ;the . new church, aud a. further sum of over £60 has been promised. . 1 This leaves only £1!0 to be rahud by* tho 'opening day.. The leading donations were j— -Right Rev. Dr. Gallagher, t'o/5/. ; Very-Rov. Father Gregory, C.P., Cl/I/- ; Very Rev. Father Frederick, C.P., 1 £1/1/- ; Kev.' P. J. Donovan, £60 ; Rev. J. \V. Dwyur (Wagga), £2/2/- ; Rev. P. F. { O'Shea (Waggaj, £1/1/- ; Bev. P. Hickey (C'orowa), £1/1/- ; Rev. J. M. Ryan, Adm. ((Suulburn), ;£]/!/?; Rev. J. F. Leonard (Gnulburii), £1/1/- ;*Si«ters of Mercy (Guu dagai), £!/!/?; Messrs. John Pierse,ThomA8 Qidrk,' jAinus Quirk,' M. Burke, P. Mul ijueeny, £20 cuch j Mrs. Holt, Messrs. M. (Cecfe, M. Quirk, Joseph' Webb, £10 each ; Dr. Donovati, T.C. (Sydney), Messrs. J. M. Djdri, R.Crowe, G. .Last, jun., W. War*, brick,' £5 each ; Messrs; J.'Leary, W. Bibo, Morgan ' Ryan,- G. Lust, sen., £3 each} .Mofsr^' DouahUo'ii, M.P., Last, jun., Mr?. Tracey, Mi-Ja McGiath, £2/2 /? each ; besides a large number.o'f donations ranging from C2to2/G. Sudden Death at Qoolao, 0-i Sunday afternoon about 1 o'clock, a very sad occurrence took place at Coolac. fur some years past Miss Einily Back, aged 23 years and 10 months, eldest, daughter of Mr. William Buck, who resides near the Coolac hotel, had been ailing from heart disease and . had 'been uuder medical treat meat, At various times for the trouble. Although 'Iter health had not been very good lately, still uo one even dreamt that her end was'-so near./.A week ago the was taken ill, and was confined to her bed until Sunday~ morning, when .she got up aud'partonk of breakfast and lunch aud ap peared chcsrful. Slto had expressed her intention of attending tho service hi the afternoon in iheClmrchof Eiiglsud. Short ly after 1 o'clock she was taken dangerously ill, ,and calling to her mother said she felc she was smothering.' Her brother offered to support her, and she was placed on a bed. Everything possible was done for her by her relatives and friends, but she ex* plred- in less than ten minutes from the time of complaining. Deceased was a jovial young lady, h'ghly esteemed in the neigh bourhood, forward in, charitable work, and an'urdent' labourer 'of the Church of Eng land.' .- On Sunday Availing the Rev. A. C. Mosley mentioned the peculiar fact that as he was journeying from Jugiong to. hold service tit Coolac on- Sunday afternoon he (was turning .over.-Ju, his mhul the question of orgaidsiug a Gleaners' Misslou at C'oolao in cbnucctiou with the Missionary work, nnd had rcnolved to ask Miss Back to take it In -hand ;for hhn, but jndge of his surprise jttdien iha, ih-st item : of nows he - received upon arrival at Coolac was that, the young lady he had chosen to assist Idm had passed j Y c lay Mr. M. 8. Machen, J. P.', and-lir. Crooks: proceeded, to Coolac,. and an inquest w.ts held at the Coolac hotel, Mr.-P.'Sullivan, «l.P., belug foremnn. Dr. Crooks expressed the' view that from au outward examination he felt that (tenth' was duetto ; heart diseaie, and a* verdict was accordingly recorded to tint effect. The remains will bo 'interred in the Church of England portion of the cemetery at Coolao this (Tuesday) afternoon.,, The jury donated their fees out of sympathy for the. family, Mr. P. J. O'Donnell, Mr. W. Glasscock aid Mr. Muehcn also .contributed, and Mr. Vincent made tho eoffin without any charge. Small Debts Court., . .... , At the Small 'Debts* Court on Monday, before-MK Clarkb. P.M., Crowe Bros, sued John Audrew Jackson, Young. Mr. Crowe for plnintlfTs. ^jUlalin; £6/18/0. Verdict for Amount, costsV'C/*,'. witness' expenses 10/. T. E; ;Hurpet- v. S. A. Smith add wife. Goods sohi -'and - delivered' £4/10/1 1. Mr. (iiilfiul fur. -'defendants. Verdict- against niido'dffend.int;'., . ,i - r ^.'Cai'stak ' v CfatnerrKS.'- -Imported cigarettes'can now .bo .bcusht for 4d per pekot ofUO. The braiid is WiU'a 'cole bratod-^ Capstan.''— Ad. . u: * . Warden's ^Court.'] At^,the'; Watdcu'a Court .on Monday, before^/M^i . Warden Clarke, \Y, A. G. AVallis made nn application for suspension (»f:ldb«7ur.' conditions' on sluicing claim of 3 acres at;Stoney Creek, standing in. his name. '-\Vuliis stated' he worked the ofaltn under miner's right and authority to enter privnto lands, 'issued on' i2ih May; ; He hiidVot served a copy of schedule 3 on the. owner or'occuplcr, hut had 'paid a' iquar 'tet'n rent, in advAnce under protest. ' 'The cUim^'was registered, it was on a camping reserve. ..The Warden advlssd appUcaqt to lodgo'a proper application. . AppHoation refused; Informal. . — ? ' : , During' tho cpidomlo of Plsguo Iu Hong Konp,Fuuldiug k Eucalyptus Oil was sprayed about thu Hospl'al Wards, aud .the patients . exporienec.l great relief by .being washed with water containing Solyptol, a misclble form of. Kucajyptuft Oil.- Jioth these* pre parations are ohtainahle from all chemlsts »r at Faulding und Co'si Sydney Depot, 1 I O'Coon'ell- ftreeti Sydney. ? 