PAVEB/lEar PICTURES.. A DAY WITH THE CHALKS. €• So many weird stories of tho vast profits netted by pavement. artirts havefound their way into print, that for my own satisfac tion (writes an artist correspondent in,a con temporary) I determined to go in character ami chalk pictures oil, tho flagstones of West End London, to soo if fortune .really lay in that direction. Wo have all/heavd talcs of ono man chalking a sones of pictures in different paits of town,going.his rounds in a cab, and netting a royalty from each " pitch," presided ovor during tho day by beggars incapable of any artistic offort; but these stories nover hild any. -truth an! tlioni, The Artistic Ghost moves -in- higher >circles than those of paveinont pastclhng. .If wo may judgp from tho continued decadenco of: Pavement-Art, ; * tho profession -' is not bo< flourishing as it used to bo. Tho public sup port is ill; the Old Masters wlio used to chalk, with an air of eoimetioil, ' those old favourites ot this n]-fi;csco.- arWtLio mouso gnawing a tnllow caudlo stuck. in a . giugor becr bottle, the half of-a salnionV tho storm at sea, and that especially popular v example of pavement mimicry, tho plato-ofi'liam and eggs—lire dead, and their suocessoi's.aro both: artless aitdlazy. So Jazy indeed,- or-so labour-' saving, that thoy chalk their-'altogether in ferior efforts 011 icardboardsj; whichf thby bring out every . niorning vandiitaKd^homo''ovory night, instead of manfully :; setting-to and working On the atony-hearted' sidewalk day by day. Tho public have) not" tfecn' slow: to notiee this. last, dodge,and "lia.vo withheld their coppiars acbbrdihgly. /JClio latcstjipvalty as wo have recently seen) in. till!} profession, is tho Lady Pavement j&tist-;^-j" the only ono," as/shb pr6udly'ajiiiouiicca;"but whether she iinds-the reward ,siiftieient ^o pivj' ior tho hard work is known only to herself. THE PRELIMINARIES. ' For my own part,' let things') go never so badly, I should never seriously turif 'to soek the suffrages arid tho halfpence of ltho way fayers along tlio st'reets_,:aftei* the export ences of my .amateur day" on tho pavement! In preparing for this expedition, i.ho first difficulty, after having purchased seven penny worth of assorted .coloured, chalks, ■anu tying them in' a dilapidated duster, was; to find clothes'disgracefully shabby enough to dress the character. In mere personal appearance thero was no trouble whatever.1 Figure to yourself' a person^under' the-best circum stances attenuated and lantern-jawed, and you will readily conceive that,goiiitt unshaven for a weok, such an. one.would look pitiful enough without the looped and windowed raggedncss found and woru for the occasion. If ever a poor dovil seemed to need your cop pers to keep him out of tho casual, ward, the writer looked such, and formed- an, object of interest to the early morning policeman as ho shambled, with a boot and a half on his feet, and othor garments to match, down* Paik lane to Piccadilly,.where the destined pitcli hiy. ' Tlio ordinary pavement artist 'does hot commence business so early. . He keeps bankers! and civil servants' hours, and puts in an appearance between ten and eleven o'clock. 'J'lic amateur lufapperforce, to leave homo before anyone is about, if lie would not have all his; neighbours talking about hirii and drawing the mildest conclusi6ii from the spectaclo. So to Picccadilly before the day is well aired, awl to-.rest and contemplation on a seat in .the .Groeu Park at tho hour of 7.30 a.m.,'much to thVoutspoken diBgust and contempt.of'certain- British workmen going to breakfast, who'opineci that: one had been tliere alt night, and looked in consequence like having "slept in a fieid with the gato open." A FEW PRACTICAL HINTS. It is by no means -difficult to ; chalk tho pavenjont into pictures. Given au BVcn stone, first carefully dusted, it forms,.with ■.chalks, an excellent anil docile medium, forybloiiding colours. You do the "chalking crudely, 'rulil> it down with the palm of the hand'and lingers into harmonies, and then putting in the i;ist touches with pointed pieets of chalk ofc'tho requisite colours. The. teehniqu& :x)f -'pave ment art im probably, tho easiest .fcqeliniquoi in the whole range of artistic effort... ;Tako, "for example, tho once - favourite- siihjcct with' these opeti-air pastellists, and perhaps, tho most popular with £bo public—the inackcrcll Nothing easier;than to roprosent such a fish, fresh from tho sea,with his scales glistening, his " harmonies: in. silver, and -black and blue nothing is so readily done, excopt In deed, tho stoneware ginger beer bottlcSvitli a candle guttering down the sides of it, or- the simple but elFeetivo»x>icee of streaky bacon, which you do with a judieious'admixturo ot brown, rose-pink, yellow;,and ,'whito.; Only, bear in mind that the , critical public who flock round your gallery of popular art, and audibly express their opinions (but'are chary of parting with their pence), don't like low tones. Konc of. your impressionism or gauzy subtleties for them, so far as treat ment goes; whilo as for subject, you must bo " actual," as the modern phrase has it, and if you can comment pictorially on tho mjnj-.. ing paper in tho most startling chalks it is possible to' buy, why then the admiring criticism of the bytcher-boys and all tho many varieties of street "urchins will make you blush. ' (But they don't-.give you. any thing.) A blood-boltered battlefield or horrid railway accident—no matter tho drawing so song.aa the colouring is lurid—will alway draw a crowd ; !ind sentiment, so long as' you are careful to lay thepathos on with: a trowel, so to say, is great. Probably tho most successful hits in!-pavement art. aro the harrowing things of tlio domestic . senti mental sort—tho series which show " Tho Old Homo;" tho " Prodigal Leaving Homo," " Tho Return^His Mother's Gravo," tho " Prodigal 'a End^" and so forth. "MOVED ON." Tho mistako tho present . writermado was the very serious one of trying..to do work above tills lovcl. Landscape , and tho picturesque aro " druga:'' in thp. operi^air. art market. Tlio first serie9 was clialkeclfon, tho flagstones by tho "Green-park,arid ,liad not: hcon completed when a half-ponhy rang. on them; first ■ fruits - of public ;approbation. Then tho 'polico intertored, rirtd art waa— gently and firmly,".but still (.unmistakably— " moved on'.'* The constable wasikind'and almost apblogetic j tor the miserable-looking wretch ho bade go .away,; His- iiispector, he said, hod forbidden .tiid uso of tliis pavQinont to pavement artists;' " but,"rh'e adtfed, '.'.jou. can find a pitch at Hydo'PoLrk 'C6rner,!pand so, first carefully obiit.erat i n g t h c p i c ra res!" I repaired to that busy'paVcmohtfVjust f&^'tnb cab-rank, cheered somowlmt"by-""tho—sym pathetic donation^, of ' a .-penny a'6 theHtrcridH of a woman hui*yiirg, wUtr littld^blaciCljagi , to butiiness CitKwaKBA'i. . A>~J ■ - "■ ><■ mOIBKNTS OF THE DAY.,. ' No one butvihp ptivemont-artrat can havo .any notion of how ({rent tlio amiiunt of (lust is in London's streets. Olearing'a spaeo, Uhi pictures were nlL chalked anewj with appro priate appeals., to. tho public, in tlio ,well known style: " Many can help onojS " I do this to earn my bread, " and so forth; but tho dust hail to be continually brushed away, and the gallory touched up., ,; Then anngyiiigin cidcnta l)egan to happen ; a v/orknVan, stagger ing with drink, ciiino and blinked'with tipsy, gravity, "Most*,if X. couldn't dror botter meself," said ho.„.. Tho criticism mattered little, but as ho exhibited an inclination to fall ilovm anil gp to sleep on tlio despised pie tu res, tho Hitu'ation gicw' a'litjtlo' alarming,'- tho more especiallyas'ono of'thoHoionsily-amuscd street crowds,jbcgan /to gatlier to' sco thu fun, —if any—whUqano.thercrqwd.gathcred round , tho first, to .x^Ic.wha^ thft.'nf'^tcrSvaHl^. 5Chcn the police cainc to tho" reseuc with'their WOl-' coino '',Paree'away,''^irid- pe«feo reigned.'1J'' r Then a passer-by, ■Vwh6y,'16bi?ed<>*llko''<a: lawyer's clerk, stooped hurriedly down and, somewhat shamefacedly, so it scorned, pressed twopence in tho poor artist's hand. Arid that, was tlio last;'(Ihnati'oriV!roccivnd that; day/:!il-< though, thismn'iqiie exhibition!was open"until; a lato hour; in,tho afternoon.. -J A ; BROTHER ARTIST. There was 'Another' (a ft brother >-u;tistr!Vho' perljajw.ahonhl bo .called);jvho had; a show, close by.; jHo/.waS^a youngster ofiatjout !?,. who a'ppoare/l at about ono^d^clock, furious at" tho sight of a now-co.Mer oh this, which'*' scomctl to bo at ona orul of hia daily pitch. So lio runic, with abuse aiul horrid threats of extending hia show on to initio, and thus capturing all tho public support. All tlicso attacks had to "bo- received with tho stoicifeni of an Indian fakir, for tho very excellent reason that, if any attempt had been mado tc reply in '" thu lang'uago of tho streets, the' wordy "contest would very soon have rovealed tlio nniatour; This display of apparent in- - diftorchco; had itsioffect.from abuscfthe boy prcsoritly changed to confidences. He; dill well, it ^vould s^eni, howevor otjiors- might f fare, j f our sliillings and sixpence a day wnfe: his avorago.' * Probably his youth appealed to tho sentimental public, wliilo certainly what ;ho: called tho " 'orscs-'eads " ho drew,, badly arid coloured -viloly, brought liini don ;ations from passing horsey men. But if hq obtained all tho "public favours, tlioro] wii's ono crumb ' of comfort in ' the professional ■ approval ho vouchsafed:. " Yer "colQur/ ain'g; whatehor might'call strong onufj but yer caiu di-or.'V- What bottor pleasing criticism couhl; -One—liyjprofession a black and wliito artist j have than this.? • . ' - KdsiUt of the day's advonture—3^d. loss on balfinco, a violent headache, and nearly a - sunstroke from- tho heat radiated from the pavement,! and a curious insight into a little understood industry. ! 