A CLEVER AUSTRALIAN. AYAH DONE TO ORDE1!. (From Our Special Correspondent.) London, 4tli May. THE UNLUCKY TECKS. The papers this week teem witli details of the Koorn Spruit disaster, near the Bl&emfonteiu; waterworks. Only one par ticular remains unpublished-the name of the commander of the luckless convoy. The Radical papers are beginning to make .'.ig riiScant remarks on this curious and most unusual omission, and that thorn in the sido of the Government, the Manchester "Guardian," speaks out as follows: - "It is very remarkable that in none of tho reports is the commander of the con voy mentioned. His name must be very well-known at Bloemfontein, and all the correspondents would not accidentally omit it. It has either been left out at the request of tho military authorities, or the letters have been censored. As none of the papers indicate that the censor has been at work, the first is the more prob able explanation. This attempt tc keep secret the name of the officer who blun dered will fail. Sooner or later the mili tary authorities will be compelled to tell the whole truth." The nastiness of these remarks will be easily revised when I mention that it is freely stated that either Prince Adolphus of Tcck or his brother, the Duke, was the culprit. There can be no doubt they are an unlucky family, and only too probably blundered into trouble. \Yhat will the Queen say? PUltPLE PASSAGES FROM "SMILKTi" HAI/ES._ South Africa has been the grave of many reputations, but it has brought to the front a mini of brilliant journalists, who, but for the war might have lingered in obscurity un til their natural end. Aiuciig the many who have made a name for themselves with the pen is the South Australian, Mr. A. G., other wise "Smiler" Hales, who is now doing excel lent descriptive work for tho "Daily Xews." Hales is an impres.-ionist, gifted with a large fund of "Bulletin" humor, and he mixes the two things into admirable salad. Sometimes he is very "high falutin," but always pic turesque and eiieetice. Here is a sample of his eloquence, describing a night attack at Springfontoin' - "111 the blackness, where no ey'- but the eye of God could reach, v.-e, each man, stood face to face with his own soul, and few were there who did not wish some pages of hio past had never been written in the Book of Life. It was a sermon in silence, yet so eloquent that every ei-ul wa-'i stirred. Sonic of us thought of homo, of (wife, and child. Others let their fancy rove to her whose girlish lips had clung to theirs when the dear home ties were broken by the rude hand of war. . Others in that grim period thought fondly of a large and healthy rock to hide behind, and he whose hand traces these lines owns readily that he was one of the last. For it hud dawned upon him in that evil hour that all the fame and glory in the world would not be big enough to plug the tiny hole a Mau ser bullet makes. Then came the shells, shrieking and wailing through the horrible clouds of night, like devils driven for ever in hopeless horror from the gates of the eternal city. We ln>ew not whence they came, nor wnither they were going. We only knew, and cared to know, that they were made of iron, whilst wo were made made of something not much harder than mud", and a voice within us told ub that if there were a collision it would not damage the shells." In another passage Mr. Ilales says of the projectiles:-"Tlicy seemed to weep ar. they sped towards us, like women who had been widowed through the deeds of evil men. They lifted up their voices in the night, end screamed, as I havo heard a horse scream in the quicksands. They laughed as a drunkard laughs when, delirium, has possession of his brain. They howled as wolves howl through the pnow-covcred forests of Canada; and we tried to scoop hole3 in the earth to put our heads in." This sorb ...of thing reminds one of the \- "Morning Posf-man'spnrple passage, anent the music of bullets, and the" "Globe's" re tort. The 'Tost" correspondent, in describ ing the. sounds made by various missies, re ferred to the peculiar roise made by a: ric cochetting Matiser bullet as boins "like the coughing of.ai sick ghost." The "Globe" said its expert avowed it was much more akiu to the groaning of a gouty worm. 