HE WAS JOKING. ' Yes, my dear,' said Mrs. Goodhart, as she banded her husband hie* cup of coffee across the breakfast table, ' I realise that we simply must economise, and I'm willing to do my part. I've thought of one way of economising already. ' ' How is that?' asked Mr. Goodhart. tt VTill YW1 tnli ..*... T t._— ? _J ? tt ou, ^ u wu jrvu. i UltVOtt gUUU W3W ing machine and plenty of time, and if you'll select the cloth, I'll cut out and make that new pair of trousers you want my own self and nave — why, Henry Goodnart, what is the matter with you? Mercy I The man is going into a fit. Here, Jane, bring some water. Go for the doctor, Bomebody 1 Help me to support him and keep him from fall ing out of his chair. What can the matter be? It looks liko apoplexy. There 1 He breathes easier and has opened his eyes. Now, Henry, dear, what is it?' ' Nothing, my dear, nothing; only a sud den faintness. I'll get over it in a few minutes, and I — I— was only joking when I said that we had to begin economising somewhere, only joking, my dear.' *?? A New York girl has just enjoyed the triumph of having the biggest wedding given in that city for years. She whispered around that the man she was to marry had a red-headed wife somewhere, who most likely would be on band to interrupt the ceremony. The church was crowded. ««» A woman advertising for a husband, wants him not only to bo ' strictly religiouB,' but of ' good character. ' At Niagara.during the Honeymoon. — She: Why do you look so unhappy, George ? Don't you know tliat we aro one now ? George: Yes, darling, I know that; but judging from the hotel bill I've jUBt had handed me, the manager of the Cataract doesn't seem to think so. ?»? ' You are Mr. Quezeen, tho husband of the celebrated locturess on cookery, aro you not ?' ' Yes, sir,' replied tho dejected, hollow eyed man, ' I am tho man she tries her new dishes on.' -«? 'You went out too soon, 'said a wife to her husband at a recent concert; ' Patti rc sponed to a third encore, and sang ' Coming Thro' tbe Rye.' It was simply divine I fairly drank it in.' ' So did I,' lie answered softly, with a slight suspicion of a hiccough, ' and I can taste it yet.' ?«. Little Sister (angrily): Now, you do what I say. Little Brother : I won't ' You won't, eh ? Oh, don't I wish we was grown up and you was my husband.' ?». A man who foolishly entered upon a ver bal contest with his wife, was met, as he was retiring from the scene, by his little son, - ; who had just begun to study grammar. 'Papa,' said the child, 'what part of speech is woman ?' To which the father replied, ' She is not any part of speech at all, Oeorgy — she's tho whole ot it.' Hi* You may Bay what you please about it, but there is some luck in horse-shoes. A woman pailed up one against the wood shed a month ago, and last week her husband eloped with the hired girl. The man had sot earned a cent for more than two years. ?♦? Mrs. Strongmind : Jared, what does the messenger want 7 Husband of Mrs. Strongmind : It's the * tailor's young man, my dear. He has brought the bills for — for our bloomers. «*. Mr. Grumps : You'll have to discharge that cook. Mrs. Orumps : -You liked her at first Mr. Grumps : Yen, but she's getting into your way of cooking. «*. Wife: There comes that tramp I gave some of my biscuits to tbe other day. Husband : Impossible t that must be hip ghost. The Bride: Did you marry me for my money ? The Bridegroom (frankly) : Yes. The Bride {anxiously) : Did you get any T ?§? Mrs. Jiinpson : Don't you think, Mr. Jimpson, it would be a great benefit to our daughter if she were to finish her singing lesBons abroad ? Mr. Jimpson : Give it up, but 1 know it it would-be a great relief to me. ?e« Husband (at breakfast): I bad an awful dream last night, dear. Wife: What was it, John? Husband; I dreamed that your mother was out riding, and the horses ran away. Just as they approached a frightful preci pice, with a sheer declivity of 500 feet- — Wife (palefaced): Gb.John.that was awful. Husband: I woke up and found it all a dream, tt was simply terrible. ,-, uoiouei xerger : nny in ii uuu, wid iwuct of the congregation always present the pas tor with embroidered slippers and suspen ders f. ?'' ? ~ ? . Mrs. Yerger : The suspenders are tig keep up hiB trousers bo that the embroidered slippers can be seen. .?.--: ??'??? ?* ''\ ? '' Rounder: Do jow really refuse to forgive me7 Spinster: No. I shan't forgive you, not even if I live to be 100 years old. He: Dear me, How cruel I What chant« have I of living eighty years longer? . She? Well, perhaps I can forgive you after 