LOCAL AND GENERAL. The Army Act, which expires in this tolony on December 31 next, has been txteanded for another year. The Broad Arrow Gold-Mining Com pany, office Brcad Arrow, power of At iorney to H. W. Laws, was registered At. the Supreme Court during last c'eek. Dr. H. A. Leschen, formerly of -Coolgardie, has been temporarily ap pointed superintending medical oficer of the "Whitby Falls" Lunatic Asylum In this colony. At the conclusion on Tuesday of the -coroner's inquest regarding the death of Mrs Isabella F. Jones, which took Place last week, the jury gave it as their verdict that the lady had succumbed to hemorrhage of the brain, as revealed -by the post-mortem examination. K In the latest issue of the "Govern "toehrent Gazette" are given tables in tended to inform the public of the cost of: coining gold sent. to the Perth -branch of the Royal" Mint. These * tab.les purport to. give partic~ulai;s of the. actual results from 20 separate deposits r.- ?teated at the Mint. At the request of several ratepayers Cr. Staniforth Smith, who has served ;.hree years as councillor in the a-al j taoTrIe Municipality, has decided to -:.become a candidate for the Mayoralty. We-understand that Mt Fim~ster, who : has already been Mayor for two years,>, ioes not intend to stand again. The -?iufiicipal elections will take place in flovemb er. S:As the outcome, it seems, of inquiry :by the Minister for Post and Tele ,raiphs, with a recommendation to, that effect from the Postmaster-General, Mr : . R. Adair, one of the Kalgoorlie telegraph officers, recently made the subject of orders for dismissal, has been reinstated. It is believed, or rather it \- is h.aped, that the department will ac knowledge the innocence of other of the dismissed men by reinstating, them, too. :'When questioned on the subject of the Commonwealth tariff the Premier f? South Australia, Hon. F. W. Holder, -stated that he did not think that the .iniform tariff could be framed for at .leas iS months after, the establishment 01- federation. "I do not see how it .sj possible to frame the new tariff be fore then, and it may take two -yeari," :.said Mr Holder. 'And we. shdll not :° llare intercolonial free trade until the mu-iform. tariff is framed'?" "Not until en,".ieplied the Treasurer. The Cus Smls -9fthe various colonies come under ..e ,federal authority op January i the dak. of the establishment of the Corn yotwealth,, and it is understood -that i??til the flew tariff is made tht.Custofas acers will practically remain as they 4 at present. In West Austrklia. tie h-:iing scale .does not come into- forte ntij after thie uniform tariff is estaij A roll-up of alluvial diggers was held at the Hannans Cetia'l Extended on iaturday afternooq 4fo the purpose qf i nging on a d?tiite coutre of ac' tomn Mr. W.1. Rutter presided. One If a-party who:had reaeived injshctions r-eported that he had wvaited on Warden Shinerty and asked permission to keep aling, as the water vwastrising ntad .wa sure to ruin the shaft. Mr Finiety ii'eferred him to the manager, and the : anager would only grant the request On the men signing an agreement thbt they would go back on the origi4al t4 i h-"ute terms if the Iease were restored tq 0.0 companyr. The meetig waS of \---btpinion - that the iaatager's, actiQJ . $Qoked very much like a& atttmpt to get documentary evidneae purporting S-o prove that the alluvial diggers had po objection to the leape biepg restored ro the company ~ad furthrr Wibute acted. It *as therefore decided to et legal advicC befobre goian? any fur. Sher. The fashionable gag in Cue just now, says the Mount Magnet " iter?' ip. 'have'you got any Fingall9. This ?uery eems to be the crucial test ipplibd to -few comers, and if you ?tw upi to the leplorable truth and say 'N,' ou are -egrded as one who is devoid ,f ither $ains or cash---prbably bc3. All te people in Cue jave got Fingals., ~id some of them e got thep pretty bd; in fact, jf the ovoujp' continu~e Sthis rati thiere w41 be n.d of muf ial e to de wj?J newteuotje dis. ers. i3~fjls $d sl l w tb11 ere e o + I'~o t scxi ciru n hur Fm ·j t YQTao ¶ha II is stated that Mr A. ). Thomas, Bgteal manager of the Norseman Gold Mines, Ltd., will be a candidate for the Dund;as seat in the Assembly at the -g'heral elections. We have been asked to state in con nection with the recent dismissals from the Kalgoorlie Post Office that Mr. W. R. Adair has been rtinstated by the Minrister on the recomunmendation of the P.M.G. The statistics for the Government Hospital, Coolgardie, for the week end ing Saturday, September i5, are as fol lows :--Admitted, 13 ; deaths, 2; dis charged, ro ;- typhoid, nil; remaining in hospital, 33. Mr J. M. Hopkins, J.P., nresiled at the Boulder Court on Wednesday. John Harris was charged w:th being in unlawful possession of two table cloths, the property of M. Rodda. lie pleaded guilty, and was fined ,so, in default one month. A little boy named Percy Cole was run over not far from the racecourse on Wednesday by a cab returning from the show, and seemed to be badly hurt. The child was taken to Mr T.. White's blacksmithing shop. Dr. Kear nan was called in, and removed fears as to the little fellow's condition by pro-. nfouncing that his injuries were not of a grave nature. The following list of probates and administrations was issued at the' Su preme Court offices on Thursday: Probates-Charles Layman, late of Busselton, farmer, to Frederick Bussell Vines and Anthony Glindon Layman, £497; John Thomas Nancarrow, late of Perth, confectionery importer, to Sara Jane Nancarrow, £2o45 6s 11d. Let ters of Administration- Henry John Trigwell, late of Bunbury, blacksmith, to Josephine Caroline Trigwell, £609 4s" 7d. The. railway employees must be con gratulated on the victory they recently achieved by securing- official recogni tion for their association. The new Commissioner of Railways, Mr. -1. C. Wood, when' questioned on the subject of the recognition of the Railway Ein ployee,' Asscciat'on, said he couldl See no reason why official recognition should be denied it. Indeed he antici pated that only good would ensue from the recognition of such a large body of men. There will be a requiem mass and office at St. Mary's, Kalgoorlie, on SaturdAy, September x5, for the eterital rest of' the late Father Plunkett, C.S.S.R. The office will commence at 9 a.m. sharp. The following clergy men' will be in attendance :-The Rev. E. O'Reilly, Coolgardie; Rev. Father Cleary, Kanowna; Rev. Father Brere ton, Paddington; Revs Father Bren nan and Father O'Donnell, Boulder; aRevs. Father Phelan and Father Stronge, Kalgoorlie. A correspondent writes :-?-"Mr. Sam. I?aslett, well known it the. fioad Ar row and Black Flag districts,is stakiig preparations for a jo, tey overland to 1algett, N.S.W. He is accoahpanied by an old overlander Mr. Harry Reid, qud a black -boy named.-'-arpot, a iative of the Mulgabbie district, and aiccounted an excellent tracker. They iftend drilving overland with a \ii $rn teAm and a buckboard. Mr. Has tt hopes to return with stock' if the rute iT practicable." A 3aptismal seRvice was held at the ntixlrtiD,, no ssnrppr me uaiti '.`t -sfiatj no q3rmtnqd sdi?2 1d ?a -tziS - Paptsm" was gn~ 3by ithe Zev. . ? Wilson, from Pero . Mr. Get.. Dikdin presided. Pastor Julian from the Boul d~e City Baptist Church, also assisted in the service. Two persons passed through the baptismal waters before a goodly audience. During the meeting a, cablegram from Ceylon, announcing th4 acceptance by.Mr. Miles, of the ap ortntmei)t of Pastor in chargy of the Baptist union work m, Kalgoorli was read tb the meeting by Mr. Wilson. Mr. Miles has been appointed on account of his successful work among men in Cey' ion, and leaves there for Western Aus tralia in the G.M.S. Konigin Luise. A. Boulder, correspondent. Writes: "Jn rtesieont to an idvertisemint a number of persons assembledl at the hWutI of Mr. Charles, Boulder Block, for the purpose of forming & Baptist Church at Boiulder City. After ad dresse. by the Rev. A. S. Wilton, aC4 ing presidelit of- the Baptist Upnon of \West Auetralia. Mi, Go. ~ibdip, l~ir. D, J4z-n, and oithes, a churc1 was fiprqed by Mr. Wilson with th¶ follow. g4s is: 'taith in Jests Chri., th; .'rt ip eternal life through flith,and te taching and prctIce of baptivI to tglth a4ie of the Father, Son, aa?d -oiV Ghost by immersion in water.' Mr 1\. }liaa wa appointed:.-pastoy and Mj se' vtary andfr. Charles trieq gr, Th chdhfel eten?d meeting It the Vriefidly oclettes' I-a11 dptA rch Is bl, which, it is pe~ ~ill ~tll~s - ea 4 dat6$r· Sergeant Thomas, from Perth, is to take the place on the Kalgoorlie Po lice Station of Sergeant Moore, trans ferred to Roebourne. Our-Kanowna correspondent writes: "The electoral registrar says that the total number on the roll up to the pre sent, for the Kanowna district, .in the Lower House, is over 6300. As the ma jority of these are residents in the .electorate, there wilt not be many struck off at the Revision Court." One case only needed to be dealt with on Monday morning in the Kal goorlie Police Court, that of the young man John Cutt, arrested on the charge of having embezzled a small sum of money from J. Veryard. A re mand was made to Perth, where the of fence is alleged to have been com mitted. In connection with the goldfields water scheme there is every probability of the reservoir being started at Too rak, a suburb of Coolgardie, within the next few days, when it is expected that fully xoo men will be employed in the work. A start to. lay the mains to con nect Coolgardie 'with Kalgoorlie will also be made. The success o'f the Boulder Traders' gala seems assured, should the weather prove at all favorable. The business men and residents are taking a deep interest in the show, and are most li berally patronising it. The entries were to have closed last night, but they came ini so fast at the last moment that it was found necessary to extend the time till th.is evening. Mr S. Mitchell, M.L.A., interviewed the Under-Secreta v for Lands on Wed nesday. and pointed out that the timber regulations which were recently issued were not considered suitable for the Northampton district. The Under Secretary informed Mr Mitchell that he had already arrived at the conclusion that the regulations were not suited to the mining centres, and that it was his intention to recommend to the Minister that these should apply only to that part of the South-West division south of Dongarra. In the Legislative Assembly on Tues day an amendment was carried in one of the clauses of the Public Service Bill which will have the effect of empower ing the Governor to compel civil ser vants to insure their lives. It apparently cscaped the attention of the House generally that if this provision becomes law there must be an amendment of the Truck Act, which both in the spirit and the letter, prohibits any deduction' from salaries for any purpose, or any direc tion to the employed as to how he shall apply his pecuniary remuneration. From Kimberley comes the story of a conflict between Britons and a Boer, who happened to find themselves the occupants of a cell at the police sta tiop. The Dutchman had been ar rested on a charge of high treason. The soldiers say that the Boer boasted he had killed fivp "rooineks" at p ion Elop. This so incensed the military that one of them half throttled the enemy, while another proceeded to give him a sound "basting." The t)utch man's cries for help brought the police upon the scene, and the Boer, who pro tested that he had not provoked the asSault, vas put in another apartment. Our -Sydney correspondent recently exposed the "chain letter..-system of begging. Last week one of these let ters was brought under our notice, showing that the evil has extended to these fields. • The syst?ii consists ih se.-ding letters to various philanthropic personS asking them to forward ten or inmore stamps to a fertain address fui? Some charitable purpose, A teque~t is made that copies of the letter shoul h:e sent to three -friends, -The beggrpg letter in this way has a very exten~.'e circulation, and replies with sta1ps are ceaselessly coming in to the original sender. Those who receive letiets of this kind should be very careful that they are not duped. The Chief Inspector of Stock has re ceived the followino telegram from Mr C. Stockton, the postmaster at YWidgie anmolth~ :?--"September xo.---A gyclist overlarnder named H. E, Manen, en route for Coolgardie, reports to me to lay having seen large numbers of rab bits up to 150 miles on the west .side of Eucla. He stated that at some places amonag the cliffs they were as numerous s in.-some of the infested districts of the eastern colonies, and also that the burrows were plentiful. A few miles on the west side of a deserted station zamied Vfadara they were exceptionall, ..thick. The country he described as tookinig mjaiificqnt." It has, we uiX 'derstand, been known foPr a consider able time past that rabbits had infested teh district indicated lin the above mes 'adge. In fact this ts the same part of the country in which a zwaptber of cats eaelbeae d Ibratc by the stock Department akin months ag6i Comlflaints have been made to thp p:li:e at Coclgardie of the wholscsale destruction of dogs and goats by poison. ing. Several valuable dogs have been destroyed, and it is to be hoped that the perpetrators of such dastardly actions w:ll soon be brought to justice. On the motion if Mr George, the Legislative Assembly has fixed the age of retirement from the public service at 60 instead of 65 years. It should; however, be understood that this prc vision is distinctly permisive in its character. It does not necessarily fol low that an officer would require to leave the service at the age of 6o, but that any officer could be called upon by the Governor in Council to retire at that age when the circumstances ap peared to render such a course ddsir able. Mr C. A. Lee had "The Need of Edu4 cation" for the title of his address at the Kanowna Literary Club on Sunday evening before a large audience. Mr Lee dealt ably and eloquently with the question, urging the necessity of the masses making a study of political economy, and thus fitting themselves for more active interest and work in the great struggle in the near future:,; Messrs Blair, Fraser, Mcllroy, and Gra ham added interest to the proceedings by their criticism. Mr Robert H1-astio occupied the chair. The list of accused and charges for the Kalgoorlie Quarter Sessions, which begin to-morrow morning, reads:--Wil liam J. Mitchell,arsoan; David Penman, embezzlement (two charges); Frank Fogarty, breaking and entering# Emilio Mollon, larceny; Edward G. Dobson. fraud under the Bankruptcy Act; Alexander McMillen, false pre tences; James McBride and Mathcew "Hale, breaking and entering; Arthur Reid, libel. Also there is listed an ap peal by John Dempsey against a Ki-. goorlie Police Court decision. The following bankruptcy notices were gazetted this week :---Receiving order: September 6. John Arnold Bronsdon, carpenter and joiner, Collie. First meetings and public .examina tions: September 24, T. Game, timbzt merchant and contractor, Claremor.t; September 24, J. A. Bronsdon. AJ* judications : September so, J; A. Bronsdon, L. R. Menzies, woodcarter, Peak Hill. Creditors' meeting under tdie Bankruptcy Act Amendment Act 1898: September 2r, Charles Hales, saddler, Bridgetown and Greenbushes. The annual cinderella dance of the Boulder A.N.A. was held at the Me chanics' Institute, Boulder, on Thuns day night, about So couples being pre;. sent. The refreshments were provided by members and the music by Salter's orchestra. The gathering was a tho roughly enjoyable one, its success be. :ig due to the efforts of the A.N.K,. secretary, Mr, J. G. Williams, -and the followming .ladies and gentlemen who gave their assistance in the prepara tions: Mesdames Waters, Taylor, Mc:. Leod, Powell, Glascott, O'Loughlin, Misses Trezise, Judge, and Powell. and Messrs. J. Campbell, J. D. Waters, T. O'Loughlin, and A. McLeod. The late Mr Waher Griffiths, M.P., of Addlaide, did good :ervice for the Reform League during the continuance of the Separation for Federation move ment. On.the receipt of the news of his death, Mr H. M. Jackman, secre tary of the Reform League, telegraphed on behalf of the executive committee, ti the Right Hon. C. C. Kingston, ask ing the latter gentleman to convey to Mr Griffiths relatives and friends their deep regret and sympathy. The tele gram also expressed warm appreciation of Mr Grifliths' sLervices to the league. On: Thursday Mr Jackman receivedi th following message from Mr Kingston i .-"Reform League's telegram received and request therein complied with. Ou'r friend Walter Griffiths' services to Federation were invaluable, and his death i a 'great public loss." The Perth Press report that a pleasing ceremony took place in the operating room of the central telegraph office on Friday afternoon, when Mr J. C, Muir, who has been appointed chief operator at Kalgoorlie, was presented by the superintendent of telegraphs, on behalf of his brother officers, with a handsome dressing case and gold locket, both suitibly inscribed. Mr. Snook, in a few well chosen remarks, regretted the circumstances which necessitated the appointment, and felt sure that Mr Muir would successfully manage the responsible office he had been chosen to fill. Mr Muir thanked his fellow officers for such handsome tokens of their esteem, and said that, while making the interest of the department his foremost consideration, he would always endeavor to deal fairly with those over whom he had been placed. The P.M.G., in a minute, also referred to the good qualities of Mr Muir, and was pleased that his full worth had been appreciated by those well able to judge, viz., his co-workers. A summoned meeting for the purpose of appointtg trustees was held by the Bro. Hill Lodge, M.U.I.O.O.F., on Monday evening. P.G. Bro. Francis was in the chair, supported' by the D.G.M., Bro. Bath. As the result of a ballot Bros. Renton, Bennet, and Dixon were elected. During the even ing several members were initiated and others proposed. After business was finished the lodge went into recess, and the members enjoyed a pleasant hour with songs, recitations, etc. Items were rendered by Bros. Pillage, Barrett, James, Carrier, and D.G.M. Bath. The death is reported at St. Vincent's Hospital, .Sydney, of the Very Rev: the Hen. W. M. Plunkett, C.S.S.R. The deceased, who was in charge of the Roman Catholic district of Highgate Hill, left Perth last Friday week in order to attend the Roman Catholic Congress in the New South Wales capi tal. He was 76 years of age, and next year, had he lived, would have celebra ted the golden jubilee of his ordination as a Roman Catholic priest. The de ceased was an uncle of the present Earl of Fingall. He served as an of ficer in the 23rd Welsh Fusiliers, but 50 years ago joined the Order of Re demptorists, and was Superior of the Community at Perth. On Saturday Sergeant M. Moore,for a considerable time. attached to the police force here, left Kalgoorlie -for Perth on his way to Roebourne, to which place 'he has been transferred to take charge of the station there. Dur ing his term at Kalgoordie the sergeant has earned the hearty'respect and good will of not only the other members of the force here, but of the public gener ally. - His transfer to Roebourne is re garded as of a nature of a promotion aWhich pleases lVJr. Moore's many Kal goorlie friends. On Thursday even ing a complimentary send-off was ten dered to him by the members of the Kalgoorlie police establishment; and the sergeant was given as souvenirs a dress ing case and meerschaum pipe for him self, and had to accept a dressing case as a gift for his wife. On Saturday last the Cluarch of Eng -land Sunday School children of the Brown Hill district, together with those of Mrs Fishwick's school, near the race co-urse, were taken for their picnic. The day was all. that could be desired, and two brakes, kindly lent by Messrs Castieau and Kennedy and Brougham, conveyed a very happy party to the spot selected on the Bulong-road. Games of all sorts were indulged in up to din ner time, .and then an excellent feast w?as provided. -Races and more. games followed till tea time, after which a drive through the town and back to Brown Hill finished a really happy holi day. Thanks are specially due to Mgrs Watsoni and Mr Wlutehorn for organis ing the outing, and to Mrs Fishwick, Mrs Hawkyard. Miss Jowndes, and Miss Allen for helping to make it the suc cess that itjproved. . Considerable public coimment took place over tie contitntion of the Bench which sat to deal- with the charge of criminal libel preferred against Mr. Hugh -Mahon, as editor of -the 'Sun." . At the commencement of the proceedings the defendant objected to the case being heard before the R.M. and Mr. Cohn, J.P. It was pointed out that Mr Finnerny had previously declin ed to hear a similar charge -by the same plaintiff against the same - defendant, an- further, that as Mr Iinnerty's ac tion as chairman of the Licensing Bench was serio-sly impugned in the alleged libel his adjudication m s open to -.question. Mr Cohn - was- also ob-' jected to on the grounds that he had :been-subpoenaed as a witness, and that le-had been previously plaintiff in a similar action against one of the pro prietors of the "Sun." Despite these, o~bjections both maristrates retained -heir seats on the Bench and proceeded to.hear the -case, which will be found fullv reported elsewhere. The following circular letter has been addressed ~lby ;the secretary of theTrades p' Labor Council to members of both ons'es of Parliament :---"x2 - Federal Jtildingi. 8th September, x9oo.---r ir,--I Am directed by the Trades and Labor Couhcil of Wiest Australia, and \- Ap pu- suance of a principle affirmed by the We t Australiaq Trades' Union tn.' Labor Congress of--both r899 and 10oo, o. request th1 you Will assist in bring 4ig ao* leslation (immediately) to ,to de for the payment of members n$B ?et Parliamept, ' The concil i of op o:n that as the principle ?ySen bof members has been afa y the'present Parliament, effect should b- given to, it without recourse to a re \- rndumn tn order that the electors ay at the iext general elections.have .; pportunly gf selecting their repreh ta ti.ves wthl tue assurance that thos& eses wPill be 'palid for their-servicae. ) ng yog kn anticipation for an fetar Traes 44tfLor bovncl The following-are. the principal fea tures of the regulations regarding the granting of Government exhibitions: The exhibitions are divided into senior and junior classes - Five senior exhibitions of £25 each, tenable for one year, for candidates between 16 and 18 years, and five junior exhibitions of £;L' each', for candidates between j4 and 16 years. The course of examina tion is that laid down for senior ana junior Adelaide University examina tions. The examination will be held in Perth, and will commence on No vember 19. A preliminary examina tion will be held by the department on October i6 and 17 in English, English composition, arithmetic, and dictation, and the department will pay the fees for' the first io junior candidates and for the first six senior candidates who pass this preliminary examination. William Armstrong, a.miner working at the 30o ft. level in the Burbanks Birthday Gift mine, met with a serious accideht at an early hour on Tuesday morning. Hearng an exploson several of his mates rushed to the spot where the unfortunate man was working alone. They found that by some un accountable reason a box-- of caps had exploded, injuring Armstrong in a terrible manner. Dr. "White was telegraphed for, and after attending Armstrong, ordered his re moval to the Coolgardie Hospital. On. examination being made, it was found that the left eye was seriously injured, right hajl} shattered, burns extending across the back, and a number of. wounds extending across the chest and abdomen. Notwithstanding the ter rible injuries Armstrong 'received it is . confidently believed he will recover. At a mn?eting of the executive com mi:tee"of the West Australian division of the Australian Freetrade and Liberal Association, held on Monday night, the following resolution was unanimously carried :- 'n the event of the Parlia ?ment of West Australia deciding-to re impose intercolonial duties 'of ?ustoms, as permitted by clause %q of the Com mon;wealth of Australia Constitution Act, and that such duties being of a re venus character c?ny, and yrovid.d that no attempt is made by any party to increase any duty or dut es beyond that or those which at present exist, with a view to affording. protection. to local industry, this association will not oppose the- adoption of the sliding scale; but if any attempt is -made to im pose the burden of an intercolonial pro tective a:iff upon the producers and rorsumers of. West Aus:ralia, this as sociation ill use its best endeavors to bring -about immediante freetrade with the rest of Australia."' A meeting .of the members 4f 'the Opposition was held on Tuesday, when it was decjled to POme the rre-election of Mr B. C. Woo4, the new inister o - Railways, for the West Perth -constitu ency. The candidate selected by the Opposition is Mr. AI. vviatin, tolicitor. M-r Martini is -a member of the firm of Martin and Phillips, solicitors. He is - a nephew of the late Mr James Martin, M M .A., who for many years represen ted South Sydney in the Legislative As sembly of New South Wales. He is .T native 'of Sydney, and- was educated at the King's School, Parranmatta;'- He was. admitted to the Bar of New South Wales in s695, and came to -this colony Searly in 689·r during which- - year he was admitted a practitioner of the Su preme Court of West Australia, He states-that his politics are of the demo cratic progressive school, and that he will conduct his election as a straight out Oppositionist candidate. The Labor Party have decided not to oppose Mr. Wadxls' candidature. Mr A. W. B. Mather has consequently withdrawn..,' Two.cases were listed for hearing in the Kalgdodie Police Court on Friday .morning besides that of Salinger. v. M\ahoui, which is teportued e~lsewbiee. Henry Levy, a young Ian, was accused of the embezzlement -of 428 from David Nathan. 'Mr, W. IH. Jones represented the prosecution, and -Mr . Halee as for the defence. By, agreement an ad journment of the hearing was --made till Tuesday mormning next, and bail .wa allowed the accused in his own bonl of roo and two sureties of £5o ecah, -Th ench--Mtm J. 1I. Finnerty, R.M., n4 r. I. 7. K. Cothn, J.P.--gave patent hearing to a -case in which CJiarlotte Peters, represented by )r, Lyhane, proceeded against Mrs. Lloyd, repre sented by'Mr. W. H. Jones, an charges alleging assault and the use of im~nro per languagae It appeared to' be a Case of quarrelltig between neigh·bours and had something to do with the disap p.earance of two pairs of trousers from Mrs, Peters' clothes-line. Remarks (aade by- the loser qf the trousers seemed to have aroused the indignation f Mrs Zloy~ and trouble ensued. Th0 Jeuch found tha justrice would be aset by Imposing oa Mrs. Lloryd the oblig tion to pay a lsaf-crown fine with 4. posts, for assault, 'while the Clarge ( language was dlsrnsed. -At the .weekly meeting of the Kai- I goorlie Caledonian Society held on Saturday evening Past-chief John Mar shall was presented with a past chief's badge in recognition of his valuable services rendered to the society during the tenure of hisoffice. Chief lPren tice, on making the presentativ?i, spoke in glowing terms of the work done by Mr Marshall for the society since its in ception. Mr Marshall feelingly re plied, and considered that anything done by him for the society had alwa's been a great pleasure to him.The badge is of solid gold, and unique in design, being a lion rampant on a shield above the Scottish thistle, the whole sur mounted by a swan. A good pro gramme was then rendered by the mem bers and friends, and greatly apprecia ted by the large audience. The singing of "Auld Lang- Syne" in true Scottish fashion brought a most enjoyable meet ing to a close. The Commissioner for Lands, we .understand, has decided to sanction no more free areas dn the fields until- an Act to safequard tire interests of the workers has been passed. For some time past these areas have been laid out in large numbers, and Mr Thros sell recognises that the system is not sufficiently- protected. It is the inten tion of the Minister to introduce a Bill during the present session of Parlia ment to secure the absolute perman ency of the free area system, and to render it impossible for the Govern nment to part with -the fee simple. The practice to which the Minister strongly objects consists in a number of in terested-residents and tradesmen on'the fields endeavoring, for their own ad -vantage, to persuade the working men -to petition for the fee simple of their residence areas, ad he is determined, if possible, to pu( a stop to that state of things, as he/is convipced that to grant the.men the fee simple would not be to their own benefit. In the course of his address. at the patriotic meeting held under the aus pices of the Christian Endeavor Union in Adelaide, on the ist inst., Lord Tennyson suggested- a name for the. federal capital. He had been speak ing of the things which influenced human life, and accidentally mentioned that, although the British race, -Eng lish and Australian, had a good many faults, it also. had in common one .sterl ing quality, which . would carry it a long- way, namely, a cheerful courage under d:ficulties. "It -seems to me;" continued his Excellency, "that the names in your young land are full .qf, not pessimism, but hope; names speak ing- of duties accomplished a' to be done. They speak of the blessings that you enjoy, and of the courage, and patsince, of the self-sacrifice, and .of the htroism of those who founded South AMstrtalia." When the cheers' which greeted:this -sentence had subsided, Lord Tennyson remarked, "How would if do to 'call your new federal, capital 'Hope Town' P" The wedding was celebrated at St. Albans. Church, Highgate Hill, on Sep tember 5, of Mr. Charles Lawson Dook, of Fremantle, :and Miss Marian Gray Kenworthy, eldest daughter of the late Mr. David. Kenworty. The bride, who was given away by her eldest brother, -Mr. E. E. Kenworthy, was dressed in ivory. figured lustre', trained skirt, trimn med with silier bebe ribbon-and orange blossoms. The bodice was trimmed with a yoke of prettily -gathered chif fon, sleeves of gathered chiffon froai wrist to elbow, turted back cuff% -widt crossed bebe ribbon, wreath and veil. The bride crrled a s~ower bouquet, with hand-painted ribbons. The brides maids were Misses Lilian and Ethel Kenworthy, cousins of the bride, ani -l~iss Selma A. Kenworhy, sister of the bride, each being robed in "shower of Ihail" muslin, -trimmed with Valen ciennes- lace and inse-rtion, interfaced with bebe ribbon; qpicture hats, tim med with chiffon and ospreys. The first bridenmald carried a bouquet, and the secdnd and third floral baskets, the gifts of the bridegroom. Each wore a gold brooch, the gift of the. bridegroom, The -bri~de's travelling dress was of grey bengaline trimmed with guipure lace, with rpst -of white corded 1i, edged with black trimming, and t of fancy straw Immecd with chiffon and oprey Th bridegroo? was supported by r.C. M. Scott. Th9 ceremony was pedorin4 1y the Rev, ?, J. Price, incumbept o St. Albans, after which the party drove to thq residence of the bride's tmother t~auderd~ale Beaufort-s?teet, e large numbdr of u st ase? e?, ternoon te was partake0 - usual toasts were duly honote~dt B ?nd IMrs. D)ook left by the tyenig tram for Fremantle ancing, tpenperse4 with songs and g-ames, was indulged In until a late hour. e list o.f plesen was long one, and tncludetl a gold and ea crescent pin fro the brtde to the brdegroom, ~and a silver cut :iass din. pes cruet from the Dean of Prth and teacher Of £tgi sp ta thedral, On Thursday last the coroner's in. quest was concluded in relation to tl . decease of the man Charles P. Morn.?-. son, who was found dead in bed at . Forrest-street boarding house on Sue" day morning last. Mr H. Mahoni J.P., acted as coroner, and the jur.y men sworn in we-e P. Lynch, CT;a Lyons, and T. A. Porter. It was de posed by Dr A. Love, of the Govern" :I ment Hospital, that a post-mortem:e.p* amination had led hipt to the conclu. sion that death had been' due to int- flammation of the membranes of th ?r brain, due possibly to exdessive indul4 genCa. in alcohol. The man appeared. to have been a heavy drinker. Other evidence showed that the deceased had. formerly been engaged in the signal works department of the Victorian Rails ways, and was supposed to be a single man. A verdict was given in accords ance with the nredical testimony. Water-police Constable Jamieson had an exciting adventure at Cossack W.4, on Thuisday, September 6. An African . negro named Charles Austin had beefs drunk and disorderly, and on W.P.C. Jamieson seeing hinr opposite the police quarters, he walked towards him. Aus tin, on seeing Jamieson, said to him "You p- oliceman are no friend o:ti mine. If you have any regard for your life come no netrer." At thoe° same time Austin presented a revolver at Jamieson,.who, with much pluck, ad? varced on Austin. The latter the?4 pulled the .trigger of the revolver thrt:: times, but the cartridges fortunatvly did not explode. W.P.C. Fry had come:-ý on the scene in the meantime, and t4~ two constables made a rush at Austiin and succeeded in disarming-and arres ing hWm after a little trouble. ZThe ro~w volver was a large six-chamb.ered os. avnd on investigation it was found tnW the pin had dented three cartridyti. There were two other full cartidgW s a the chambers, and also an emptysh:s Austin was brought up at the Cossark: Police Court, before Mr Maddeh-a G.R., and charged wvl untlar. fully presenting firearms. He war fined .-0o, the maximum penaltyqr this offence. It is probable that ?t? police will proceed against Austi? oa , a more serious charge. Mr I. J. K. Cohn, J.P., pr ide i the Kalgoorlie Court on Wedesd One drunk was let off i?th a caft A man named John $ull was chtar-p with being unlawfully on the pro of Mrs Mecham. The prosecutrint posed that she was.th .owner of lots Victoria-street. Last MnBday mnoria? the accused started :dryblowing on t?? block, and refused to leave wbipasket He came back on Tuesday and sa work again; so she gave im inchat To the accuseds ife s t on property when she ga. himi chat Mounted-Constable Bendrll 4e p.u that on Monday m? r ?g sked accused to move. He sa he stake a lot of shifting. e gave name as John Bull. On Tuesday the accused leaving the -blocks but later on he came back, so Mrs Mecbhai gave him in charge. ,Half a miner'as rigti was found ton him at the etation, Th .A half on which the name was written wa~ gone. The right was issued at .Ih'iq -nme in 1898. He said he had a mirn: er's right in his camp, Mr-Cohn potl4' ted out to the accused that he ?oul?i o { interfere with the surface of prtvate -.land, but ag it was the first case of _th kind the defendant would be let °o&:, with a caution on paying the costs e T the day. - :Lrs .Mechath, however, .de dined to ask for any expenses. The-ladies appointed by the Menzies :. registration committee to canvass for " the ree'istration .of voters have, accord-. ing to the '¶N.C. Herald," done vergy good work up to the present, and 4 ;.: persons have made application forien- -, rolmnent under the new Act. As 550; voters' certificates were issued at Mena gies for the Federal Referendum, it fol-::i lows that there are still 1ro residentin: who have not yet claimed the fIrahchisae~z although fully entitled to do so. CouPk' paratively fetw of the claim forms Sen{.i to outlying districts have been returi~ned. as yet, and it is most desirable thafX promptitude should be shown-: Ifnorn warding claims to the .egistrar. We. have frequently stated the fa but may repeat that all persons whose ms are a not registered for six months before t 'date of the first 4lection to $ht Veau Parliament will be debarred trom v : ingat the electilon. STi~e Common frliament will pobablye elec hMarh or April nae 94td hereforoe follows tmhat eery v nr q woman -ails to make ap.cl on fot .m barred fra Csg 'the bant when-the people's prsenatves n Fiederal HonSee are g s lc * a apathy being shown In s ] d ?o nakesl it aear-cx4 wtllThave novoiceae no tiif tolony's representatives an, as a sult, the fields may be c tprivd oftho fair share f represent~g- 4t. 