LATEST CABLE NEWS. LONDON, THURSDAY. A. disastrous tornado occurred in Tennesse and the northern portion of the Mississippi, and so\far 100 lives are reported to have been lost. ./?..? The Delagoa railway award of £612,250 was paid in London yesterday. The Columbia authorities seized a British steamer to convey troops against the insur- gents in the department of Panama, Central America. H.M. gunboat Pheasant bas in consequence been ordered to Panama. The death is announced of Sir Arthur Sullivan, the eminent musical composer. Sir H. H. Fowler, in addressing his con- stituents at Wolverhampton, said a majority of the Liberal party undoubtedly desire that Lord Rosebery should resume the leadership, and are confident nine-tenths of the Opposi- tion would support him. At a dinner of the London Chamber of Commerce yesterday, Lord Brassey and Mr. Reeves, Agent-General for New Zealand, advocated the establishment of an Imperial ! Council, to which the colonies should send I representatives. Mr. Reeves also urged that a limited number of Colonial statesmen should be summoned to the House of Lords. Sir George Clarke, secretary to the Colonial Defence Committee, advocated the early convening of an Imperial conference upon defence. Addressing his constituents at Croydon (Surrey) Mr. Ritchie, Home Secretary, referring to the Church of England, said that unless excessive ritual were abated, legislation would be inevitable. While the Channel Squadron was exercis- ' ing in the Bay yesterday, the Majestic and Repulse narrowly escaped collision. Dis- aster was only avoided by the splendid seamanship on the Majestic, the vessels being within 10 yards of each other. THE BBITISH EMPIRE.-The British Islands are but a 70th part of the territory under the Bway of her Most Gracious MajeBty-a territory including one-fifth of the habitable globe. The great empires of antiquity sink into insignificance beeide it Rome, with all her ecumenical pretensions, ruled over only one- fourth of that space ; the great Darias over only one-fifth. And, if .we tarn to the modern world, we ffad that the dominions of the Queen are one-eighth larger than all the RuBsias, 40 times as large as the lands led by the German Kaiser, and 16 times SB large as France. As regards population, antiquity supplies as with no data for comparison ; it has left no trustworthy statistics. But while the inhabitant» of Russia number 128,031.827, of France 61,479,901, and of Germany 80,372.975, the Queen's subjects, spread over 90,000,000 square miles, amount to 387,013,954. PREFABING FOB THE ROYAL VISIT.-Prepara- tions for their Royal HignesBes, the Dake and Daohess of York, go on a pace in Melbourne, says the " Evening Nowa" No lady in Toorak, who considers herself a lady, allowa a day to pasa with- out draping herself in a winding sheet. Not from any desire to expire gracefully in the Royal presence, but from a firm determination to walk backwards in a Court train without tyintj her feet in a knot. Housemaids tell thrilling tales of daeky rooms at twilight. Rooms haunted with ghostly figures wrapped ia long white sheets, wh» curtsey in the gloaming before wardrobB mirrors ; figure* that bend low, with weary monotony, aa they advance and retreat. The story goeB that a country girl, engaged as an ander housemaid in a Toorak mansion, rushed shrieking through the corridors one bright moonlight night With - - chattering teeth she told her story, and ref asad ta remain another night in a haunted house. " For," seid she, " there's no luck ia any pince where you saes the miBsns' ghost walking backwards, and an* kiding of 'er own 'and. The Glen Innes Caledonian Society has drawn op an extensive programme for the annual gather- ing on Boxing Day. lt conmuta of U items, and the priza money is no aub. larger than formerly. Large numbers of pipers arc expected from all parts of the colony, and also from Brisbane, In Jerusalem there are about 45,000 or 50,000 ÍJe*fl, 8000 MoslemB, 4000 members of the Greek Charoh 3800 Latins- hit is, Roman Catholics_ 600 Armeuians, 400 Protestants, 100 Uoptp, SO \ Aby»siniam>, and 40 Syrians. / 