RELIGIOUS WAITING FOR POWER. A CHILDERN'S ADDRESS. By J.S. MAVER, M.A., ABERDEEN. "But tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high."-Luke xxiv. 49. These were the last words of Jesus to His disciples before He was received up out of their Bight. The parting wish or injunction of friends has a special importance, and we would do our utmost to carry it out. It was so with the disciples; they obeyed' Christ's words, in- the letter and :the spirit of them, and in process of time they found the promise connected with them wondrous ]y fulfilled. ■ ; Notice,, first,- the Injunction' to tarry. There could not have been given them a more trying test of their faith than just this ione—to wait. ;We have all known''at times how hard it is to wait, and the youngeii,we are the more difficult it is. Patience comes with years, 'and through . experience. ~ A child wants everything at once, and cannot see the necessity or. the value of waiting. j?ut, as we grow. in life," .we: learn better —wait for .many', things. And thrice prized is the iblessing that is rightly waited for. .-.■ ■•■■■..'.• ■■.■■'■.•■' ■■■■:■■■,■■: .■ < . • . - . -Why did Jesus-bid them wait'?. Why not "bestow the blessing there and then ? Ehsha got the blessing from Elijah immediately on ■his. departure ; why did not Jesus give His disciples the power from on high immediate ly on leaving ? We cannot say* 'but it is often the Divine, way. with the highest 'blessings, and waiting, when it is God's will .for us to wait, 'will always prove to foe a richly-rewarded- service. ;•. Yes, service ; there are times when waiting is the nohlest service we can.render. Objection has been taken to Milton's line, "They also: serve who only, stand and jwait/V, on the ground that' he should not ha^e used the . word " only."' It seems to imply a sort of dis paragement of' the' waiting. There are oc casions when they serve.ln the highest de gree-who stand and wait. But,"secondly, how did they wait?. There is a common saying that everything comes to those who wait; or, in the homely Scotch, " If" a thing's to. come to, ye,- it?l no gang by ye.'* But-that is a fallacious rule to go by. It would (be far truer to say that.. everything comes to those who know how to wait. "We' are told of the disciples that they were continually in the temple praising... and .."blessing God". .That means, therefore, they were -waiting in the best way for the coming, blessing, preparing themselves 'for the reception of it. They did not simply wait for something to, turn, up, themselves doling nothing meanwhile. They waited expectantly, they directed their ■hearts to God in praise. ' Joy characterised their waiting, great joy. They rejoiced as if the promise were already fulfilled, such was their faith in the word of the departed Jesus. Was there ever a tremor in their hearts ? Perhaps, as the days went 'by, a faint fear would now and then creep in, hut their praise would bo all the louder at such a time. As, at-some large meeting where the speaker expresses an opinion with which a few present are not in sympathy, murmurs arise, which, however, are immediately drowned toy the volume of applause called forth—applause all the louder and more forcible because of the murmurs of disap probation preceding it ; so, if any fear or doubt crept into the disciples' hearts afc times, we could imagine them singing the louder and more heartily in consequence, as if ashamed of having harboured for a mo ment a single dou'Dting or disquieting thought. Yes, they knew how to wait ; and in nil the "waiting that 'has to 'be clone toy us In life, both for material ana spiritual bless ings, it wouia te well if we could take a lesson from thefn. Do the .best that can be done meanwhile toy way of preparation. " Prepare me for all that Thou hast prer l.pared.for me," :ia a fitting prayer for Buch < times. And we may;beiassured, that, if *■? thu3 go, through -the. waking- period, the .'r sweet-scented manuscript of youtlf will . not close without some "sweet records" aid ;" promises as sweet." ,7 i ■■■* - ; Lastly, what "did .they,wait for ? . Power. ; "Tarry iinti'l ye.bee'pdued with power from on high." ,it was the ono^ thing that ia- - eluded everything. ■Without if they hart nothing, .so far-as their higher life and apostolic- work:''were concerned ; with Itr they had f all things needed. We see what manner-of men they "became, when that : power >descended on them—what a World of > difference if made; • -The po weT came sud- ■ denly and. surprisingly, as in .fact power of * most kinds comes to us. If .we-have peen truly preparing ourselves for its coming, It often lays hold of us almost ere we are aware. -Like, the tropical >dawn, It comes - with littleor no twilight. • • Barrie ti'as a little fable, in W3 latest work, aibout. a ibalby lark asking fts" mother to teach it to fly. " The mother thought hard about how she herself had learned to fly, long ago last year, but all she could re* call for certain >was that you suddenly dp it. ' Wait till: the sun cornea out after ; rain,' she said; halif-rememjberlng. The rain came, and glued the 'iblrd's wings to gether. . ' I shall never .toe able to fly nor to sing,'.,it iwatled. Then of a. sudden It had to blink, its eyes,, for a glorioua. light ihad spread over, thp world, catching every vleaf, and twig, and'blade of grass in tears, ,and putting, a,smile into' every tear. The baby- bird's'breast-swelled, it did not know \rhy, r and It fluttered from the ground, it did not know how. 'The sun has coino out after the raio,' it trilled. 'Thank you, ;sun, thank" you, thank you.' And it'floated ; up; Up, crying;:.' THahk: you/ thank you" to the sun." ..■-. ■ ' ' ■' . ■ '•" • •., : •Suddenly, in the fulness of time, the Holy Ghost descended upon' the disclplea, gathered with cne accord In-one place. They were SJled -with the Spirit... The promised power had , come at last., .The sun broke, forth* upon them, arid all things became new. •Multitudes caught through them ■ .the' en-. thuslasm, and the Lord added to the Church daily such a3 were being saved. ■ ' . '■' We come-into,this world so helpless in every, way, "but, as; time goes on," • power comes to us—the power to walk, to' talk, to thihk.^'Onb'day the'little one surprises it self and its mother by walking alons across the room, or toy adding a new word to its vocabulary. .. Later on, watchful parents olj ser.ve Gome sign- bo tokening the development of a special talent, gift, or ; grace; ■.. Early youth, is passed, and, in a moment it may. ■be,-the consciousness of jna&aqod; or> woman-; •' hood .dawns upon you, ,with .some sudden flash of insight. \ But here we. have the .highest ipow.er .of. all set forth.. " Jt .was" •gifted in a .-peculiar .degree to the. apostles, ' but it-may be yours, too, and Hfe .without' It is a heartless thing-fabbve all;'a: heart less thing ; and the longer we live the more shall we discover that. But "with- thafc power—the power of tho Holy Ghost—all that is good in us will be utilised in. tho highest degreo, our health and strength, our thought and handicraft ; and though in the course of-Nature these powers of body and mind will decay, yot -with this Divinest gift of : aIL. the inward man to the end will be. renewed day by day.. ; . • Wait, then, in ..the best sense-of the .word. You have all to wait, whether ygu will or riot, for many.,things, and according to tha manner of your. waJtingo.will they Be unto you.- So is it' with, this best :.ana most albicll'ng ibleBBing. Wait on the' Lord, and -: sopner. than, you; think,' even now f v ; it....inay come iipon you/and ye shall to eHdtT^witli penver from on high. • 