1W SUNDAY. ? ? ?♦ ? SERMONS OF THE DAY. REMEMBRANCE OF CHRIST.' (By Late Rev. C. H. Sturgeon.) This do in raaerobranca of Me,— 1 Oorr, si. 24. First of all, *'e shall speak of the glorious and precious object of memory, 'This do in remerabranc& of Me.' It is a rerson whose portrait I would frame in gold, and-hang up in the stateroom of the soul, I would have you earnest students of all tho deeds of tho conquer-, iug' Messiah. I would have you con versant with the life of our 'Beloved. But, oh, forget not His person ; for (the text says, 'This do in remembrance of Me,' It is Christ's glorious persou whioh ought to be tho object of our re raem'brance. It ia His imago, which should be enshrined in every temple of the Holy Ghost, But some will gay, 'How can we remember Christ's person when we never sivw iti We cannot tell what wan the peculiar form 'of His vis age; we bolievo His countenance to be fnirer than that of any other man— al- though through grief and suffering moro marred— but since we did nob sue it, we cannot rememTjer it. We neyer saw His feet as they trod the journeys of His mercy; we never beheld Hia hands na He stretched them out full of loving kindness; we cannot remember the wondrous intonation of His language, when. in more than seraphic eloquence He awed the multitude, aud ehnined their ears to Him; we cannot picture the sweet smile that ever hung on His .ips, nor that awful frown with which He dealt out anathemas against the Pharisees ; we cannot remember Him in His sufferings and agouies, for wo never saw Him.' Well, beloved, I suppose it is true that you cannot remember the visible appearance, for you were not then born ; but do' you not know that even the apostle said, though he had known Christ after tho flenb, yet, thenceforth, after the flesh he would know Christ no morel The natural ap pearance, the race, tho descent, tbe pov erty, the humble garb, were nothing in the apostle's estimation of his glorified Lord. And thus, though you do not know Him after the flesh, you may know Him after the spirit ; in this manner you can remember Jesus as much now as Peter, or Paul, or John, or James, or any of those favored ones who once trod in His footsteps, walked side by side with Him, or laid their heads upon His bosom. Memory an nihilates distance and overleapeth time, and can behold the Lord, though Ho be exalted in glory. Ah, let us sneiid five minutes in remembering Jesus, Let us remember Him in His baptism, whan. dpRfpnflino1 in+n --1»a wnfom i\f Jordan, a voice was heard, saying 'This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased,' Behold Him coming up dripping from the stream! Surely tho conscious water must have blushed that it contained its God. He slept withlu its waves & moment, to consecrate the tomb. of baptism, in which those who are dead in Christ are- buried with Him. Let us remember Him in the wilderness, whither He went straight from 'His im mersion, Oh, I have often thought of that scene in the desert, when Christ, weary and way-worn, sat Him down, perhaps upon the gnarled roots of sonia old tree, Jortydays had He fasted, He was an hungered, when in the ex* tremity of, His weakness there ciime the evil .spirit. Perhaps he had veiled His demon royalty in the form of some aged pilgrim, and, taking up a stone, , said, 'Way-worn Pilgrim, if Thou be the Son of God, command this stone to be made bread,' Ale-thinks I see him, with his ounning smile and his malicious leer, an he held the fltone, and said, 'If'— blasphemous 'if'— 'If Thou be the Son of God, command that this stone shall become a meal for mo and Thee, for both of us are hungry, and it will be im act of mercy ; Thou canst do it oasily ? speak the word, and it shall be like the bread of heaven ; we will feed upon it, and Thou and I will be friends for ever.' But Jesus said—and oh, how sweetly did Pie say it — 'Man shall not live by bread alone.' Oh, how wonderfully did Christ fight the temper! Never was there such a. battle aa that, It was a duel foot to foot — a single-hand combat — when the champion lion of the pit and the mighty Lion of tho tribe of Judah fought togethor, Splendid sight I Angels stood around to gaze upon the spectacle, just as men of old did sit to s«e the tournament of noted warriors. Thero Satan gathered up his strength ; hero Apollyon concentrated all his satanic powor, that in his plant wrestle ho might overthrow tho Seed of the woman, But Joans was more than a matoh for him ; in the wrestling Ho gava him a deadly fall, and como off more than a conqueror, Lamb of God I I will remember Thy desert striving when nefxt I combat with Satan. When next I fiffht.with DiaboUis, I will look to Him who conquered orice for nil, and broke tho dragon's heiid with His mighty blfwa. Further. I beseech you re member Him in all His daily tempta tions and hourly trials, in that life-long Rt.rugerle of His through whioh Ho passed, Oh I vthub a, mighty tragedy was the death of Ohri&bl; and His'»life boo ! Usherod va with a uontf, it closed with a shriek, 'It is flnfcUed.' It began in a manger, and ended on a ora»s; but, oh, fcho sad interval be twasn, O)i, tho black pictures of the porseouifion, when His friends abhorred Him 5 when His foes frowned at Him as Ho passed the streets ; when Ho heard fcho hiss of ojilamny, and was bitten by the foul tonth af envy ; when slander f»aid He had a devil and was road ; Hint Ho was tv drunken man and a wine bibher ; and when His righteous soul was vexed with the ways of the wicked. ' O Son of God ! I must remember Thoe ; I oannot help remembering Tliee when I think of those years of toil and trouble whioh Thou dulst live for my sake, But you know my chosen theme — the placo where, I ©ftm always best remember Christ, It is a ahady garden full of olives. Oh, that .spot I 1 would that I had eloquence, that I might take you there. Oh, ii tiie Spirit -would but take us, and sot us down hard by the mountains of Jerusalem, I would way, $ee, there /runs- tiho brook of Ivodron, which UiQ King Himself did pains ; and thero you eoo .tho olivo trees, Possibly, at the foot of fclitub olivo lay tho three disciples who& they slept ; aud ihavo, ah, therel bob drops of blood, Stand here, my soul, a moment; those drops of blood— dost Uiou bohold thorn? Mark them j tfiey aro not the blood of wounds \ they are the blood ol' a, Man whose body was then unwounded, Oh, my soul, picture Him .when ho knelt down in agony and sweat— -swoat, be cause He wrestled with God— sweat, be cause he ogouised with His Father. 'My Father, if it bo possible, lot this ciup po-as from Ate.' I will lead you to Pilojbe's hall, and lot -you see Him on* duro the mockeries of cruel soldierB ; the1 smiting of the mailed. gloves; the blows of 'clenohod flsts; tho shame; tho spitting; the plucking of the hair; tho cruel bufi'etings, Oh, can you .not pic ture the King of martyrs, utript of His garments, exposed to the ga*e of fiend iiko men'/ Sao vou aiut tho Grown about His temples, eaoh thotu aflUng as a lanwt to pierce Eh heuAl Mark yw not Diis lacerated Bhoultters, and , Ifco white bcrnes Btotffci.ng oub from thtt Wooding lleali'i O »3on of Minn I I 030 Tliee-idoouvged ami tlageUntod' with rod* and whips. How mm J, himceforwr.i-d cense bo ifcincmber 'I'lmi '/ Mv nwnjnry I t^ohUI be more truarihewwB lilian Pi In to, did it not .ovar cry, Eooo Homo (''Bo hold the Man'). Now, fhtwh lihe «ano of woe by a- view of Oo- lvnry. (i%mk nt the pierced hands and blewlin/j otde ; think oi' thoooorchiug sun, and tlwi \hn entire darkness ; romomljor tiro broil ing fever, and tho dread thirst ; tihkk of tho, death-shriek, 'It is ftufohod!' nnd of the groans that .woro its proludc, This iB the object of memory. Lot ua never forget Christ, I beseouh you, for bhe love of Jesus, lob Him Uavo tiho oliief placo in your memories, Lot not tho pearl of groat prico be dropped from your oa-r- oless hand into the dark ocean of oblivion. Now_ we will consider tho benefits to be derived from a loving romombrance of Christ, Love never says, 'Cui bonof Love never asks what benefit it will de rive from love, Love, from its very nature, is a disinterested thing, It loves for the creature's sako it loves. The Christian needs no argument to make him love Christ, just as a mother needs no argument to make her love hor child, She does it bucmiRo it is her nature to do so, The new-born creature must love Ottirist ; it cannot help it, Oh, who can resist the matchless charms of Jesus Christ 1— tho fairest of ten thousand fairs, the liveliest often thousand loves, Who can reiuso to adore tho Priuco of perfections, the mirror of beauty, tho majestio Son of God? Remembrance of Jesus will tend to give you hope whon you are under the burden of your Bins. There comes in a poor creature, Look at him I Ho has neglected himself this last month ; ho looks as if he had hardly oaten his daily bread, What is tho mat ter with you? 'Oh I' says he, 'I have been again and again lamenting because I fear I can nevor be. forgiven; once I thought 1 was good, but I have been reading the Bible, and I find that mv heart is deceitful and wioked above all things, and desperately wicked j I have tried to reform, but the more I try the deeper I sink in tho mire 5 thero is cer tainly no hope for me. I feel that I de« servo no raoroy j it seems to me that God must destroy me, for he has de olared, 'The soul that sinneth, it shall die1 ; and die I must, for I know I have broken God's law,' How will you com* fort suoh a man? What soft words will you utter to give him peace? I know I I will tell him to remember Christ, I will tell him there is One who paid the mighty debt of misery. Yes, I will toll thee, drunkard, swearer, whatovor thou hast been— I will toll tboo that thero is One who for thee hatOi made a oomplete atonement ; if tbou only believest on Him thou art snfo for ever, HemembDi1 Him, thou poor, dying, hopoleso orea* . turo, and thou shalt be made to sing for joy and gladness, See, the man belioves, and in ecstaoy oxolaims, 'Oh, come all ye that fear God, and I will toll you what Ho hath done for my soul,' ? 'Tell it unto sinners, toll, I am, I am out of ho.ll.' Hallelujnh I God hath blotted out my sins, And nqw hero Is a sweet command ! 'This do in remombrance'of Mo,' To whom doos this command apply? 'Thi» ' do yo.' It is important to answer this question ; 'Thin do ye'— «who aro in tended J To who put your trust in Mo, 'This do ye in romembranco of Me,' When I speak of your taking the ordi nivnco of the Lord's Supper, do not im agine that I wish you for ono moment to jmppofio that there is anything Having in it, Some my that tho ordinance of baptism i3 non-iOfiseutial ; bo is the ordinance of tho Lord's Supper, Ib in noiww6oni.ial if we look upon it in tho light of salvjition, Be saved by eating a pieoo, o{ bread I Nonsense. Bo saved by drinking -v drop of vino I Why, it is too absurd for common sense to ftdm/it tuny discussion upon, You know H is the blood of Josuh Ohritft ; ib in tho merit of His ttganien ; it is tho puriihnso of his -fruUeringB ; 'ib is what Ho did that alono oan Bavo m, Ventura on Him ; vouturo wholly, and then you are BRvod. Iloarout thou, poor convinced sinner, tho way of sal vation? If I evor m«*t theo in t)iQ next world, thou mighto&t;, perhaps, cay to me, 'fI spont ono evomng, sir, in hearing you, and you novar told raotbo way to heaven.' Well, tbou nlwlt hoar it. Believe on tho Lord Josun Christ, trust in His name, find refuge in His Cross, Vely upon His Spirit, trust in His righteousness, and thou 'art «ovod be« yond the vengoance of tho Invr or the Dower of bell 