' At a Crisis, BY THE AUTHOR OP "AN a,-, TRALIAN GIRL." L3' COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER VII. An alluvial mining township is always „ I the early stage'df ita existence of t.llc'',„ '? temporary description. To this rule lcena was no exception. Indeed ii 7.' I be said to have a sort of distinction 0f i own in its purely primitive arrangement. » the matter of habitations. Tents far «0. in tatters were the vogue; old bags ron|i|! sewn together were common, and an ash/ way of manipulating nmlga boughs ancurn) into the sort of booth that t|,» aboriginals term a mia-mia served as tin I nightly shelter of fully half the miners „„ the field. But "Maleena House," as tlm inn kept by the Dubois couple was called dated back. to twelve years earlier, and tin older portion having been erected for a hcaj station was composed of wood and con/a. ted iron. It had also the crowning of being shaded by trees and shrubs, auj the verandah that surrounded this older portion was shut off from the barroom end of the house by a tall partition of wr. rngated iron. It was after sunset when our quartet ot travellers— two in the buggy and two on horseback— reached this hostelry, draivinr up at the private or side entrance, wli&e; they were received by a tliin dark woman 'who, on seeing the occupants of the bun-' gazed at Norali and her companion" amazement./ Then she, turned quickly to- wards Norah, who. bad dismounted! and kissing her, 'said— . / "Ah.c'est.gehtil. a; vous ma chore — d'etre iehfin yenu me ..voir."!. Norah laughed aloud isaying— "It's, all; right, Dubois, my coisij has come with' mei to be my bridesmaid." .All, buE it was "ravissantc" of the cou- sine, and "Monsieur Mack, always so faith, ful. "How you have always been so good to me," she said, .suddenly seizing Hack's hands, then she- murmured something to Effingham,, in a low voice, and thus enve loping her guests as it were in an atmos phere of flattering sympathy, she ushered them into a small but neatly arranged sit- tingroom, already, occupied by a short, rosy faced young man iu clerical attire, who saluted Beatrice with a nervous little laugh, saying "You are my first bride in this dis trict." "No, Mr. Pye, that is the bride's cousin, who thinks that of ail the tragedies in tlm life, matrimony is the most fatal," Xorah broke en with an airy laugh, and when Bea trice saw the puzzled and scandalised ex pression of the young clergyman's face, slia I could hardly refrain from joining in this ill- 1 placed merriment. There was in bedroom I .that .opened into the sittiiigroonij which was placed at the service of the young ladies, and avhen they went in there to wash away the dust of the long, hot jour ney, there was a lovely soft cream silk drra spread out! full length on one of' the two narrow beds that occupied the .Chamber, "I put it in the box of tilings v. e sent to Dubois two weeks ago," exclaimed Xorah, taking up the dress as she spoke and hold ing it up against the light. "She is a good old tiling; she had it ironed out, and now it looks as fresh ns ever for 'the first bride in the district.' What a fool the man looted when he said that." "It seemed to me 'that -the Dubois have had a good dcul to do with this affair of yours, I Norah," said Bea trice, who was now l-eclin- 1 ing on one of the hard, narrow little bed', | watching her cousin as she flitted about I with as inucli animation as if she had been | sleeping for the past 20 hours, instead of B using them up in the business of eloping. E "-She has some axe of her own to grind! I What is it?" I "Oil, as for that, of course, I mean to fl bestow a few hundred pounds upon her E when I come into my kingdom," unsworn! | Norali carelessly, as she fastened a scarf oi l Maltese lace in a loose full bow under her fl eliin, "and that reminds me of something I | forgot to say to Denis," she added, hastily | leaving the room us she spoke. The next | moment Madame Dubois came into the I room nnd pressed Beatrice to drink a drop | of wine or a sip of liqueur to restore her, an I oiler which was coldly declined. I "It is zat you look sat, and zat give art I ze trouble of ze heart," she said, leguuliuS I Beatrice reflectively. Then she added iu I "You have an nir so amiable, Mdlle., but I I suggest that you look more gaj - g these people wild with joy." , H "Perhaps, Madame, I have not so inu reason to be beside myself with jo .as J® B may have," replied Beatrice in English, 1 1 g indignation she felt against the woma fl making itself felt in her voice. B "Oh, but it es not me who es api».v— pw g could I be iu so evil a country? ,)lun J'1'" I —I love luxury, I love polite society, 1 0 g the adorable Paria- and behold zc | noss of sand and flies — ah, but uc L-W g suttcniy— in few luons." There came g knock at the door, and the hosTess liasa | out in answer to a summons from one I the Chinese "boys" that took the 1 | domestics in the house. '„t E "So that is part of the story, thought g Beatrice, with a dull ache at Hie heath I hud often before felt a land o I fascination in tracing out the j (0 I trifles and accidents that have I consummate a lifelong liageij- I woman, with her greed fo.r "10"/to lvKcic I cost, had aided and abetted Noial I her whole 'life for the sake o f . if £ I red pounds— and she tads ,ic. I along the line-ami as this biUe tion held her, Beatrice gioaueu I aloud. . i „ haviof I "Wako up, Beatrices-yon must uo M I 'niehtmare — and tea is on the table, ifnd " t only tea bilt dinner," said: Norali, en- tiring at thin moment. It is much worse than a nightmare, for . , i3 over when one awakes," said Bea- L ri.sing; "and, Nornh, how will it be 'th you, when the bitter truth comes to von that your marriage was a horrible mis- ''"Jieally, Beatrice, 1 you are like tlie skele ton that some old idiots used to stick in !i,„ dining hall when they were having a Socially nice dinner," replied Norab, but without any resentment in her manner. Come bore, plense, and let me put some thing chic round your throat; that frdl L » bushel of the red wilderness m it, "ml what is the use of your going untidy because at some remote day I may have a 'v to pick with the Almighty for not making a hotter sort of mud pie out of i this funny hltle planet of ours?" i Xornli, while unungiTlg a pvotty laec j sc.ul' round her cousin's neck, hummed the lines:— Fre ilitfii was breaking she heard below, , The two cm to slia'viiiB tkelr wings tn no, oh erase from calling the. ghost to ,tne mou.d, imtil I'll coimc eomWiiff your combs .\wtli feoUl. ")o you' know,' Norah, you give -me the feeling that vou are- a little hypnotised to, night," said Beatrice .when at B they re tired to their own room. /-All. through- the evening the girl had been as if carried away by a inood of reckless gaiety, .telling - the most ludicrous anecdotes of - Jaokaroos, and new oliuni3, in a way, that made even Beat rice laugh heartily,' though all; the tunc her heart was heavy wrtli : gnawing apprehen- ""No, I cm not la tali— that'sthe Malay for being .somehow possessed— I'm only a little like the chemical experiment you showed me When 1 was wi th you in Mel bourne a few centuries ago, ' . answered Norali as she brushed out her hair, winch are its full 'length fell over her shoulders in a thick, crisjilv Ariivcd mantle below her waist, "Don't you remember, now how you let fall a few (Jrops of some fluid into a glass of clear water, and nil at once it seemed to swarin with incredible little (-brretes. organisms, I believe you called them. Don't ask me how the comparison comes in, for it's safe to be something with a shudder in! it, and besides, you are almost blind with sleep." There was so much 'truth in this that Beatrice was no sooner in Bed than she fell into one of those profound unbroken sleeps from which one awakens" feeling as if the body iiad by some miracle been newly-crea/ led with all the aches of weariness, seeming to be but a half-remembered legend. When she opened her eyes tlie room was light enough for her'to see that Norab -was stand ing by the window with the blind half raised. ... "Are you up already, child?" she asked drowsily. "I have slept exactly half an hour ill through the night," answered Norali, in i voige that effectually roused Beatrice, so ireik and toneless and defected did it sound. 'Norab, you are ill," she said, rising, and yinr quickly to her at the window. "No; only dead from the want of sleep," replied Norali, with a wan smile, lotting he blind fall as she turned to confront her ousin. But dim as the light still was, when he blinds were drawn within and without, t was quite evident that she hail been cry- ng, and Beatrice, on seeing this, felt her spirits rise with a sudden hope that in the ;ilent watches of the night Norah's common- sea«e had been restored to 'her. But she ;ave no expression to this, fearing to excite bat spirit of revolt to which her cousin was !o easily roused. "Let me sponge your face and hands with water and eau dc Cologne, Noran. Lliat will refresh you," she said, soothingly. And as she did this her light, Bpft touch reemed gradually to dissipate the hard nervous ten- sum under which the girl labored. . "Have you over thought Iioav on the morning of your wedding day you would wake into a new sort of world, Beatrice, ivitli your heart like a nest of singing birds? And now look at me. I feel just like a bandicoot after a two years' drought," she said, in a low, sighing kind of voice, quite foreign to her usual mode of speaking, "I fell asleep, 1 believe, almost as soon as you did," she went on, after a paiise, "but I had a most horrible dream, and I woke up cry ing, witli my heart thundering in my cars. When I looked at my. watch I found I had slept barely half an hour. 1 got up and walked about the room in tlie dark — I oven opened tlie French window and went into the curious little yard at the back — but that was after midnight, when there was not a soul stirring in the place, and you were sleeping all tlie time — your breathing as sort and regular as a tired baby's. At last X turned sleepy and came in — as done up as the lmshnien who say they labor and do oil their work six days of the week and then (rack stones on Sunday — but the moment I ay down that awful dream made a sort of '. light in my head." horah shuddered as she spoke, and covor- r(T r ClCS 'I0V 'lnm'H- It was with an »l i A - I!ca(-l''co refrained from asking i»«at this dream was; Bhe kept on gently In "ota'1'3 forehead until gradually lie brilliant, weary eyes began to close. L, ' ,10" -s',c Bad dozed for a few minutes, ! now i n " w.ith a slart' "u 1 e to sleep Era "? In,.t fh CraCk f dm ll rat r me— ut 't is only. 5— I can at least licr watth0'11-,0, .U,m.e'" 8,18 ®»d. glancing at k ill. l , nav that it was really Iw-iv «v y 8a'd "n a matter of fact rc'£t' c's' 13 st'll early. You bad better iWliTov thli n-S »0S3ible'" aad then saw | Was t-ni'n.i \m w minutes her cousin Mi and 1 ?' She Wlf had Bcr diesscd as rapidly as an acrobat, and then kept rvateb lest the sleeper should be disturbed. In a quarter of an hour she heard approaehing footsteps, and opening tlie door noiselessly, took a little tray with t\A o cups of tea and some biscuits on it from Madame Dubois, assuring her that they would be dressed and ready in plcnty o tune. Twice after this a messenger came to tlie door to hurry, their movements, and tw ice Beatrice returned sonic evasively re assuring answer. Some instinct stronger than reason led her to delay Norah's awak ening to the last moment possible, feeling as if tlie time thus gained might in the end lead to" the girl's salvation; But when Madame Dubois came for the second time m person, and found tlmt the door was locked, she rapped with violent insistence, and called out in a shrill voice that it was nearly 7. Norali started up, and on looking at licr watch -gave a cry of alarm:. :; 'Bcati lie, did you. know it was so late?" she asked slonilv. .. "Yes, but thought it would be Better fpi ,\ou to, bo a trille late tlinii die on my hands tor the wnnt of 'fortv winks,' " re plied .Beatrice, with . a half-malicious con sciousness- ot- taking n; loaf out of Norah's own book". : C " - ' A on lnmlc me go to sleep; and kept Du bois away troin uie, knowing that we should be married and oil the way to Costelloc by Seven, so as to make sure ol catching tlie boat that sails for (Singapore this evening? 'I hut is what I call being a 'traitor," said Norali, her lace white with wrath: . A. traitor- to Effingham — yes,- 1- plead guilty, to thnt.chai-ge," replied Beatrice. , "AVell, you'll hud vou won't make any :profit out of that- dcnl," said" Norali, with angry emphasis, as she disappeared into the : cubicle that served as a Bathroom. ".Even if we were not in time for tlie boat, we should merely '-liave to fall back on our second route," . she said, partly recovering her composure, as Beatrice assisted .'her to dress. v , "Is there then a second way of , getting out of the district?" w - - To this query Noralrrepliod with u hard little laugh, and then said, "Excuse inc from teaching you any more local geography un til I am safely married." .It ax-hs strange to see how the stratagem that hail been prac tised on Iter sceiucil to have banished her fears and restored ' her old ' reckless in souciance: It was twenty . 'minutes "after seyeii before the two ..made their appearance in the dittingroom,. where the little parson with the nervous smile, tlie tall, well set up bridegroom; Mine. Dubois and M'Farlane awaited tlienii Nonili's Japanese silk was the only symbol ' of a bridal : tlmt marked the party. The color had conic back into lier face, and the sparkle into her indomi table eyes; -but as -they entered the .room, Beatrice felt the -girl's -hold on lier arm tighten conclusively. She herself was pale to the lips, and tlie billows of soft silky luce that Norah had arranged round liej throat, and down the front of lier muslin dress, served to' accentuate her pallor. "We are all ready, I believe," said tlie little parson, with a smile, which now tlmt he was more nervous than' usual, almost amounted to a laugh. He was surplieed, standing behind a. small round table, Norali before him to the left hand, Efiiugham to the right. There wus a murmur of voices outside, and tlie hard glurc of a fierce morn ing sun shot down like javelins on the bar ren stony land, with its red outcrops break ing everywhere through the thin sandy soil. Through the window which she faced, as she stood by Norah, Beatrice euuglit glimp ses of mounds of reddish earth, of ragged cnrth- slained tents, of half-clatl men at work, some winding a windlass, some carry ing water in kerosene tins fitted with a wire handle, others standing round a wood fire on which cooking utensils were placed. She turned her gaze from the window to tlie room in which she stood, feeling ns if she must have swallowed a dose of opium, and as if all around her wore part of a feverish vision from which she must presently awake. Like one in a dream she listened to the Reverend l'yc's thin sharp intonation as lie began: "Dearly beloved, Ave are gathered here, and in t'lie sight of God, 'to join this man und this Avoman in' holy -matri mony." And so the Avenk a'oice Avent on, reading aa-ords that in the face of what she knew regarding "this man and this Avoman',' made it all seem more unreal than even the incredible surroundings Avithout and .within. When the words fell on lier ears, "There fore if any man can sIioav any. just cause why they may not lawfully be joined to gether let him iioav speak, or else hereafter for ever hold his peace," she felt herself to be" an arrant coAvard for not raising her a'oice, and denouncing the man as one ut terly unlit to be entrusted Avith the care of any human being, lenst of all a young, inex perienced gil'l. She Avns stifled with a long ing to cry out — "There is nothing holy in this contract. Oil the one side it is the dis graceful net of an ignorant Avrong-hcaded girl, on the other an ignoble plot for the sake of money." But she stood still, and made no sign, overcome Avith that sense of the futility of life which sometimes fasten ed on her like an obsession in face of some great wrong, or crass stupidity that she could neither avert nor modify. Iter breath came in quick, liot, little gasps, niul for a moment it seemed ns if she Avas going to indulge in Avhat she regarded as the su premely silly performance of fainting. When she found Norah dashing some cold xvuter into her face, and M'Farlano supporting her she said, in a voice tlmt even to herself sounded very curious and far aAvay, "But why arc yoil doing this?" She felt quite aggrieved when, she found that they thought she had suddenly fainted, for she was sure that she never really lost consciousness. But at rate the interruption came at the a-cry moment aa-hen the Rev. Robert Pye Avas beginning to put the momentous ques tion, "Wilt thou haA'e this aa'oman to be thy wedded wife?" Anil now, as the commo tion Avas subsiding, and they Avcre all taking their places once more, the sound of xvheels was heard, a trap drove up rapidly, and stopped in front of the inn a-crandah. Stop a moment, if you please," said M'Farlano, in a loud masterful tone, as -Mr. Pye Avas opening the prayer book to go on Avith the marriage service. "What is the meaning of this foolery?" said Effingham, in a voice of concentrated fury; But before any reply could be made to this inquiry itlfe outer door xvas flung open, and Mrs. Middleton rushed in, follo\x-- od by her -husband and a police trooper, in uniform. ', "We are too late— It is all 'over," cried Mrs. Middleton, in a melodramatic a'oice. "No, mh'am, you are not too late— you are just in the nick of time," replied M'Far lane, xvith historic calmness. Mrs. Mid dleton made a rush at her daughter, who en dured rather than returned her embriYce, as lie said, in a voice audible to the rest of: the company — "What do you propose, to do Inow that you are here?" \ - Middleton, who had exchanged a Toaa- words in an undertone Avith -M'Favl.ine,' now- turned to. the trooper, und, pointing to Effingham, said laconically:— "This is your man." On this the trooper stepped .'for ward, pistol in . hand, saying— "I apprehend you in the Queen's name on a charge of horse stealing." ' "Oh, you idiot, liow dare you act . such mummery?" said Norah, passing lier arm within. Effingham's, and -facing the trooper Avith blazing eyes, while Madame Dubois, 'who was leaning heavily against tlie buck of n. chair, was lienrd to murmur brokenly in French: "Ah, ffion dicu, mou dieu, quelle horreur. This: man terrifies me to the lust degree. He is nothing but a brigand. Ah! what' shall avo do! What shall Ave do!" """Be tranquil, madamc. I am much more interested in this than you," anstrered Ef fingham, addressing her with cold polite ness in the same tongue. Then glancing frcim the trooper to Middleton, he-asked,. in the same emotionless tone, "Will you be good enough to explain vvha't ithis burlesque- means?" "It means that I object to having one of my beat horses stolen, and that I, am giv ing you in charge for theft," answered Mid dleton. "There is no possibility of denying the fact, for the horse is in the stable of this iiin, aud there are plenty of Avitnesses avIio can -SAveai' that you brought the animal here." . ' -< ' ; : "I do not deny that I borrowed one of your horscs-Jbut when I did so I loft one of my OAvn in its place, and now you can have yours back, and if he is any the aa-orse ' "Spare yourself the trouble of making any further statements," replied Middleton, sternly. "You haVe stolen my liorse, and I give' you in charge to be tricdjpn_thcft_ before the Resident Magistrate "But this is an infamoifet'ljing that you are doing," said Norali, Wroiijg oitlhftj father, with hitter intenfeifjy v" iu know —and everybody knows— fbi'tyypu are onlv. trumping up this charge bwMjfsc be married. Denis aud I Avilrgojfal«.UflS-. telloe together." "Mr. Effingham must put off his Avedding for the present," answered Middleton, look ing across the bride at the groom. Mr. Pye, .who up to this had remained standing be hind the table, tlie prayer book open in his hand, Avliile he gazed in consternation from one to the other of the speakers, noiv closed te book, saying in an agitated voice — 'ft would seem then tlmt the marriage must -be postponed." "It must not— you should take no notice but go on Avith your duties; open the prayer book and go on," said Norali, tinn ing on the poor little parson in iuiy. "Oh, don't, Norali, don't; you only make matters worse," whispered Beatrice, draiv- ing nearer to her cousin, and taking her" dis engaged hand in both her own. Effingham at the same moment bent over, to Madame Dubois and whis'perod to lier in French. She nodded her head in assent to Avhat lie said, and left the room. Effiiigham. then turned to Norali, anil- said in a loiv tone: "Your cousin is right, Norah; for the time AA'e arc trapped, anil it is only, had form to make a useless ioav. Absurd as this charge is, it has just so much foundation -that it, must he met and fquglit." "Do you mean that they can put you into prison like a common thief for taking Bacchus from Boobandilla to Maleena?" asked Norah with a cateli m her breath. ; . "Of. course, my dear.eluld, it is the most brazen sort of farce; hut uuy »nek as guud enough to heat a dog Avitli, if youVe got him in your power; aud— but do. you think I could speak to you apart?" Eflinghum aatis speaking in a a'ery Ioav a-oice, but Beatrice aa'«s so near that she could not help oa-erhearing. She therefore turned to' Mrs. Middleton, and whispering, "Let. us lea\'c theni for a little," the two Avent oa'cr to the opposite side of the room, Avliere Middleton and M'Fiirlane Avcre talk ing together. The former met Bcatrico Avith outstretched hands. "We can never thank you enough for having rescued this Avilful girl from her mad folly," lie said, Avith so much feeling, that Beatrice Avas at once drawn to him,, a liking that Avas fur- ther enhanced by the manly openness of his aa'cather-bronzed face. "it Alias only your coming when you did that made our pursuit of any use," she answered, Avitli a long draAvn sigh of re lief. "But iioav that they Avcre half married, and Norah is so heart-broken, Avonldn't it be better to let them be married, and give Effingham a chance to turn over a neAV leaf; any one can see by looking at him lie's quite ready to do that," said Mrs. Middleton in quavering tones. "For God's sake, Geraldinc, don't make a fool of yourself over that scoundrel any more, iioav that Ave are getting the girl free of -him at such cost," returned her husband Avith vehement Avarmth. "How unfeeling you are to me, as if I were the Avorst oE mothers, and all the time I have not tasted a morsel, except one small coffee biscuit, since 3 o'clock this morning, being so miserably anxious that I can think of nothing hut Iioav to make my poor child happy," said Mrs. Middleton, beginning to aa'eep copiously. .. - . . ; "We. all knoAv that,. ma'am," put Mae soothingly.! "What Mr. Middleton means isVthati you > lire too ready to believe good of a' felloAV who lias not deserved it oE you, anil VAVO, don't : mean to he. really hard on liiin,-. oiiiy to. get him safe out of: the dis trict." While this talk was going on in smothered unileftbnespthe two who .had been so nearly made mtin and; wife were conversing by the little table oh whieli the. prayer book aaps lyiiig, AA'here the Rev.. R; l'ye liail in ; his agitation left it on lcaAin'g.the room a .fcAA minutes before. lie lind been followed by., tlie trooper, Avho,. in passing, liad said to Middleton, "I must go and get a snack of something to eat; .but l'll be handy it' 1'iii AA-:nnted." This ineiilerit had taken'place when Mrs. Middleton began to weep;, and after Mae had endeavored to pour: oil on the troubled waters, there was a' lull oE silence in the room, which aa'hs broken by Effing- bain, Avho stopped- forward; and said to Mid dleton, "I presume you make "the charge of horse stealing against me merely to give yon the poAvcr of' taking -.me 'to: Costelloc : under escort. ' I wish to say that in the circum stances I am aa-illing to leave by the steamer for Singapore Avithout -any compulsion :on your part:" "In lace of all tlmt lias happened," an swered Middleton, "I prefer to accompany yon "to Costelloe" under escort. When Ave gdt there' jve ! may arrange Avliether or not the,: '."criminal charge should be gone on Avith." . , , Madame" Dubois at this juncture hustled intp-thb robm, somehow conveying the im pression" that nothing unusual hail taken place, as' the addressed the company in general;: announcing in mingled French and English that breakfast Avas quite ready, anil would he in danger of spoiling if there aa'as any further delay. Middleton gave an uneasy glance toii'nrds Effingham, as if doubting whether it a\ould be safe to let him lea\'e the room without police sutreil- lanco. So at least Effingham seemed to un derstand the glance, for he said, Avitli a sloiv smile — cannot pretend that I like the terms -jSqjiihvo submitted— but I accept tliem." I\Wii Avas on the point of speaking, .but lEffiligl'iitin firevented lier, saying something in.-freijcli in a low a-oice, and then Beatrice vndt.icMii quick, curious glance passing be- the girl and Mme. Dubois, Avho, turn ing to Middleton, said, "Ze Commissionaire of ze Police— lie partakes of dejeuner in ze public diningroqin— bur ze ozer, my oivn private room, is at your disposal." A few aa-ords passed betA\\-een Middleton and M'Farlane, and then the latter suggest ed to Effingham that they should adjourn to. the pnbUc .'diningropm, Avhieh they ac cordingly did. ' "I dpnlt .want any breakfast— I sliall stay in mv bedroom," said Norali, defiantly. "Then I'll come .with you, Norali— avo can have something brought to us," said Beat rice mindful of the significant glance she had intercepted betAveen Norali and her ex- governess.; On gaining the room she tore off tlie oreiim silk,; and thi-CAv «t in a limp lieap- .on the. floor, and then flung herself on the .bed Avhielr she! had a-aeated in hot haste" for lier Avedding. so short a time he- fore. : But; after a ;feAV minutes she sat tip and drank some' tea and 'ate a sandwich, ut- tering not a syllable, ' but all the time, as I3ea trice hftei-Avards .recalled, with the ab sorbed .mtent:air of one: who aAvaits some expected event. , - Presently Mme. Dubois camo in. . , '(."Ecoutez Norettc," she said,' in a quiet measured voice, "It- is the first duty of girls to submit / themselves to their mothei-s," here.foUoAved some rapid aa-orils in a loAver tone" Avhieh Beatrice did not hear. Tlie effect on Norah avub magical, the gloom and re sentment that clouded her face Avcre nil at once replaced by an expression of triumph and aleeful malice. "Give me another cup of tea, Beatrice; I believe I am going to get hungry," she said, handing her empty cup to Beatrice. As Mme. Dubois left the room, she culled after her laughingly, "Faites nous un bon dejeu ner pour midi." "But shall avc not be going away, before noon?" asked Beatrice. "That lies on the knees of the Gods," re plied Norah again laughing. While tlicy Avere yet speaking, a slrange liubbub arose. There Avas a succession of cries and ansAvcrs, doors banged, and there AA-as a sound, of rushing footsteps us men ran outside. Beatrice fleAv.to the Avindow, Avhieh Avas a French one, opening on a sort of semi- quadrangle, formed by the rooms of corru gated iron that had been run up Avheu the , place aa-as turned into an inn. But she could only see people running to the stable, Avhieh aa-as some little distance to the rear of Maleena House. She unfastened one side of the AvindoAr, and going out, went a little aa'ay towards this building, until she avus suddenly checked by the thought that it . Avas hardly Aviso to let Norah out of lier sight. "What is it," she said, turning hack ; "there is some neAV plot hatched, Norah, and you knoAv something of it if 1 am not mistaken." "Yes, I am in it, -you hot, dorvn to the ground floor," ansAA-ered the girl, Avith a little malicious laugli. Beatrice looked at her in helpless perplexity, a fear groAving on her that e\\-en yet she would escape from the care of those a\\-ho protected her, and be hopelessly caught in the snare of the foAVler. Something in the distressed anxiety of her face suddenly appealed to Norah; "Ah que Ie coeur est un grand maitre, only you lurae too little of it for lovers, and too much for cousins. But as you do somelioAv care for me, 1 will let you into, a secret that by this time is one of Punchi nello's. Denis has got arvay, and is jioav well on the road to Avhcre lie is going, Avith-. : , oxit my stepfather or the trooper, lor whose,:;: society ' he lias no hankering at all/ - .said Norali mockingly. . - -v : > "But come,"' she added, passing her, /arm:?.: through Beatrice's, "and let us see for ou'r/; -v selves. " '';Vnr/!"''i'i , (To he Continued.) 