IN lilGHTER VEIN Page Boy : . Xwant two- pounds of pork .sausages, abd cook says willyou be go kind as to wrap them, up in' a newspaper containing a good love story ? ? ? You needn't tell .me, averred Mies Batohgurl, that golf isn'l good exer cise. .It. .makes ihe .young men sol much stronger in the arms that — that you can scarcely breathe. How do yon manage to wake up so - early in the morning ? Oh, I make myself - believe that every morning is Sunday morning, and that I may sleep if I want to. Try the scheme t It's grand. _ Small Willie, after eating two pieoesof pie at dinner, asked for a third; Why, Willie, said his father, you must not eat 30 111 nun or people will call you a pig. You know what a pig is, don't you ? Yes, pa, replied . the precocious youngster. A pig is' a hog's little boy. Caretaker of Haunted Manor : -Hand hevery night at the hour of midnight the ghost happears, and groans, and wrings its hands. Tourist: Ah, must have died in the cucumber season 1 - 'Mrs. Townbred : I don't see how you can endure a little place like Gloomville. Nothing to see, nothing to hear, nothing to talk abouti Country Cousin : Nothing to near and nothing to talk about, indeed ! Why, our own church has changed virara three times within a year, and ; the other church is having a row with theirs. Indignant Citizen : I say, your boy threw a stone at me j unt now, and barely missed me. Mr. Grogan : You say he . missed you? I. C. : That's what I understood myself to remark. Mr. G. : It was not my boy. Photographer: Madam, I can't give you the desired pose unless you look at tbat little spot on the wall. Mrs Bural: Never you mind about no pose. I'm not a-goin'ter be took as though .1 was tryingter squint through a keyhole. I'm starin straight ahead or this thing don't get took. The prisoner en route for the police court become quite confidential with his guardian, and remarked in a contrite manner: There is one thing I am verry sorry for. What is that? said the officer. expecting to hear a confession. I had my hair cut last night, said the prisoner in a dejected tone. I -might have saved that threepence. It's just my luck. Wikins: I though you said you would not let your wife ride a bicycle. Wedwon: So I did, but, unfortu natetly, she happen to hear about it. Mrs. Newed: Was I nervious, dear, during the ceremony ? Her friend: Well a trifle at first darling, but not after William had said yes. Mr. Courtlong : I haven't got a single portrait of you, darling. Miss Ina Hurry ; No, dear , but you can have a married portrait of me as soon as ever you like'. Emily : I am so unhappy. I begin to see that Arthur married me for my money. . Her Dearest Friend; Well, you have the comfort of knowing that he is not as simple as he looks. She : If you found a large sum of money would you give it back to the owner. He : To be honest, no. Aide: General, an overpowering force of the enemy, on bikes, has at tacked our left. General : . Sound the retreat 1 And order the brigade to proteot our rear. First Spaniard : Do you think there will be anything ieft to remind the world of our Navy. Well, replied the other, after much reflection, there's the ocean it used to float in. She ; What makes you look so sad ? He : I had hoped to be able to make my name go echoing down the halls of Time. - She : Yes? - He : Well, after many efforts I've justjfiucceeded in getting it into the papers, but confound them, they've spelt it wrongly 1 Mr. Jay : Was it a quiet wedding ? Mrs. Jay : Of course ; you didn't expect they would quarrel before the clergyman, did you ? Doctor : You're a long time paying my account, sir. Hardupp; Well, you were a long time ouring me. Dodo : Now, tell me, what do peo ple think ot me? Penguin : And make you my enemy for life ? Not much ! What a sanguine man Cooper is 1 Sanguine ? He advertised for a middle-aged typewriter girl and expected to get ap plications. Daisy : She has such a pretty foot. I dont know where you- would find anything smaller, do you ? . Fiances : Yes, the shoes she 'wears. That, ^observed- a friend of the family, is a -very superior woman. She rail converse intelligently, I - be lieve, on a thousand different topics. Yes, 'sighed her husband — and ehe does. George: I just sawyou coming from the conservatory with Miss Goldie. Bather handsome girl, but too secred for me. ^ ' Thomas : Yei, I've just reserred 