Cable Comments. Boer War. The lending newspapera of a country . are said to accurately- refloot publio opinion. If this be so the condition of Capo Colony oan soarcely be described as one of quietude. Boer prisoners, who with undue lenienoy have been released on parole, are conducting miniature lecturing tours, and the eubieot of their discourses is still the same— tho barbarity of the English. Kruger's reception in France, though.politi- cally somewhat of a fiasco, has not lacked some effect in South Africa. The military necessity of burning euoh of the Boor farms as have been customarily used by the enemy as small arsenuls and general buses of supply, has embittered the raoial feeling between the two races throughout the whole of South Africa. And suoh incidents, vide this morning's cables, as the burning and looting of the farms of Britishers and the illtreatment of their inmates, if not irovoking reprisals, will certainly harden the earts of our officers towards the predatory bands into whioh the enemy's forces now' seeme to he split up. Tho amenities of the war seem to have vanished, and its tail end appears likely to bo characterised by bandit-like barbarity ,on the part of the Boers and a corresponding harshness by their British conquerors. Now that further plotting, including a bomb, has beeu brought to light in Johannesburg, all doubt ful aliens who still remain in Johannesburg and Pretoria will, perhaps, be removed. The situation in South Africa is by no means gratifying, and the fnot that the loyalists in the Cape are clamouring for martial law to be declared throughout the colony does not tend to allay tho feeling of unrest. The incident of Frenoh soldiers defying the police and bayonetting civilians within the preoinots of the British settlement at Shanghai is very malapropos ; and it is just suoh a happening as this for whioh the Boers and the colonial disloyalists (and with very few exceptions all our Dutch colonists are disloyal at heart) are ardently longing. Could England but bo involved in a foreign quarrel ? On this is founded the last hope of the enemy. Lord Salisbury, however, if ho feels that war is inevitable with Franco or Russia, or witli both, will bide his time, and perhaps oven humble himself a little, .but will strike the harder for it should such be necessary when the South African affair is satisfactorily wound up. As for the military operations, they go in favour of tho big battalions, as usual, The enemy is still indulging in attack and suffer ing accordingly. His fighting units and his supply daily decrease, but be still remains in the field. China. The1 Middle Kingdom, if we except the Shanghai diiiturbance, oi which wo havo spoken, furnishes little that is now, and nothing that is very interesting. We are pleased to hear that tho two Australian lady missionaries aro still alive, though we can hardly regard them as safe so long as they remain in the hands of tho Chinese at Tai-yuen-fu. This oity is the capital of tho province of Shatisi, tho whole of whioh is in a highly disaffected condition. The allies have driven Urge hordes of tho Chinese out of tho proviuce of Chi-li into Shansi, and have seized the mountain passes on the border. If the Chinese save these ladies alive it will only be in conse quence of the warniugs dire by the foreign' Ministers. Li Hiing Chang is reported to havo written to a friend in Shaugai saying, " Keep quiet, sit tight and do nothing, and the foreign devils will fight amongst themselves noon. If this letter conld be produced and proved Li Hung Chang's exequatur or other recognition by the concert would bo immediately withdrawn. The whole thing is probably a canard as it is extremely improbable that the diplomatic Li would thus commit himsolf to paper. As an alternative explanation of .the incident wo may suppose that the word " BIsunghang," as tho cable puts, is not, in foot, intended to represent the cognomen of the grand old man of China. Wireless Telegraphy. Really Signer Marconi ia becoming a very interesting personage. His figure will loom up unpleasantly in tho eyes of those financially interested in telegraph enterprises on land or under tho sea. It is but two or three days since when, in speaking of the acceptance of a tender for tho new Pacific cable, wo vou- tured to express a doubt as to the ad visability of holding shares in cable companies, and when we suggested that such cables might be rendered , valueless by some further discovery by Signor Marconi. The prognostication would appear very likely to ripen iuto the fact, audit is more than likely that the new Pacific cable will never be laid. Signor Marconi started by despatching messages through blocks of buildings at the General Post Office in London. Later on he proceeded to do tho same thing through the cliffs of Lover; and now ho proposes to transmit messages through the curvature of the earth, that is to America. Matter to this youthful inventor is not a material circumstance, and his whole faith is pinned to ether. To him this alleged ethereal substance is tho only solid thing existent. Of it, according to his idea, is the whole macrocosm composed, and the rolling stars, and this our world in comparison but trifling incidents of most evanencent and immaterial construction. At leaat his thesis must necessarily bo something upon these lines. As a matter of fact there is no more objective proof of tbc existence of ether than there is of that of the fourth dimension. They are both assumption and both founded on no more than analogical reasoning deduced from our limited knowledge of that which . may he interchangeably known ' as space or time and the matter whioh therein exists. It is not inconsistent with the signor's inven tions, rediscoveries, or improvements, to theorise that ether is a substance of extreme solidity and that it fillB all space, and that we huraau entities, as also the most solid adamant, bear to it a more trifling proportion than does the lightest and most elusive gas to compressed steel. In short, assuming that ether has any objective existence at all, recent discoveries havo made it impossible for us to conceive of it being un attenuated elustio fluid permeat ing all matter, though it is not difficult for us to imogiue matter as we know it to be ho loosely constructed in its atomic archi tecture, oh like a ghost to puss easily through the infinitely solid ether. The more solid the substance the farther and better will such substance transmit the force of an impact : tho more elastic the more it absorbs and distri butes it. According to our present laws of matter the other must bo very solid indeed to transmit the faint impaot of one of the signor's tintillations all the way 'to Amotion through thousands of miles of the tremendously com pressed interior of mothor earth. Beer. A new disease ha» been discovered in Lon don, and though known by tho name of peripheral neuritis, some ill-natured people might say it would be bettor described as "hot coppers." It iB a nervous affection, and is tho direct result of drinking beer, within whose umber depths lurks a certain poison, the eluBiveuess of whioh baffles toxologists. At first ohomists imagined arsenio to be tho cause of this more or less ubiquitous malady. But it would now appear that the nrseiiio they discovered was not in suffiolont quantity (there is a certain amount of urHeuio in nearly everything) to arou60 the very pronounced symptoms of the disease. It is suggested that some sugar substitute may account for the evil. All sorts of very sweet things, suoh as Bacoharino and saxin, whioh latter is 300 timeB sweeter than sugar, are now made from minerals, coal tar for instanco; und it is just possible that the brewers' ohomists have ovorroaohed them selves 'in their attempt to muko some new departure of economic value to their employers. 