u The Master Christian." Marie Corolli's New. Book. 1 «.' To nil those churches ; who ; quarrd in the name of ; Christ " ' is tho uncom promising. dedication of Miss AInrio Corolli's new romance, " The Master Christian " (says tho Daily Mail). Tho story' begins at ltouen. Cardinal TclixBonpro is a high-minded Christian pyeliitc, the one good'priest of the hook. He is staying at ltouen in a poor inn, being too simple to acbopt the hospitality of the archbishop - at his oeolesiastical palace; . - - ' . ; ' ' The divtno is condemned to die in all palaces,' ho would say, 'It is only in tho glorious world or nature . ".' . that tho good inns can live. . . . , The Saviour always taught His followers in the open air.' , ' Though- this is' pretty it is hardly tho exact truth. . . . ' At-ltoueii tho.-good cardinal picks up a. poor liomeless hoy. ; Hero is Miss Corelli's description of him;-. - "-What assail, face ho had! — worn and' weaiy, yeteautiful l-what djros, heavy' with tho 'dows of sorrow, yet tender even in pain !" This hoy is tlie Christ himsolf.v By His aid the goodi- cardinal cures a little lame, boy of his infirmity, and turns'the rebellious son of the inkeeper into an industrious and obedient youth. . In Wicked Paius. . At ltouen, Miss Corelli commences her tirade against the church in her drawing of tlio worldly archbishop ; hut it is later, 'at I'aris'hnd Borne, "that she develops her attack. Paris, where the cardinal first proceeds, is indeed, a nest of wickedness. "As godless, as hollow to the very core of rottenness as her sister of annient days, wanton ' Lutctia ' shines—with a ghastly and'- unnatural lustre as of phosphorescent luminance arising from old graves !" ; Tho grammar is obscure, but the denunciation at least is robust. Hero tlio cardinal stays with his niece, ' Angela So'vrani, one . of those wonderful women . geniuses beloved by Miss Corelli. Angela is h. painter, also " a rare type of her sex — unlike any other woman in the world." " Her oyes were violet-gray in hue, and drowsy-lidded, with long lashes that swept tho delicate pale cheeks in a dark golden fringe of shadow.. . . . . Her face, form,' voice, and colouring were- liko a chord of music— har monious." After this wo are not surprised to hear that she has tho genius of "a Murillo or a Raphael," : and that she loves n fellow-artist who was quite unworthy of her. Ploriau, that is his name, writes her verses, " for ' most Italians write verse as easily as they eat macaroni." At Angola's house we meet a. good English socialist, a wicked marquis, and a ' still wickeder priest. The priest, tho Abhp Vergniaud, has am. illegitimate son, Nearly all tho priests iu. this hook have. This son has vowed to shoot, his father to avenge his mother's shame. . Tile abbe,. under the influence, of CnrdinalBonpre, repents his sins, and makes a public confession, at the con clusion of which his' son shoots 'him, not, however, fatally, and father and son become reconciled. \ Miss.-CoreeujIs. Typical Pmesi. -Angela-is at' work tou-'-fourpicturesr Ono she keeps a .profound secret, hut the others she shows her uncle. The first ' is called " A Servant of Christ." Here is tho description : — .' " Low beetling . brows — a sensual, cruel mouth-, with a loosely projecting under lip — eyes that appeared to bo furtively watching eaoh. .other across the thin bridgo of nose — areceding chin and a narrow cranium, combined with an expression which was hypocritically humble, yet sly .. . . v a type mercilessly true to the life ; the .face of a priest." There is a great deal of ."'smart'! conversation in Angela's studio. - The characters for tho ;main part speak English, though there are many French expressions, sa'ch ns " Tnis- toi," "tres- saint," " hien aimc," -and so on, -inter larded here and there. /The scene changes to Rome. Here we meet Angela's lover, and more wicked priests. Elorian has a poor opinion of women's work. He says to one of the ladies : " Your, charming sex often succeeds in doing very clever and pretty things, hat in a man thoy. would not he con sidered surprising. -- You fairy creatures are not made forfome— hut for love." Cardinal Ronpre is haled beforo' the Popo to explain why he., has behaved like a Christian. He is accompanied . by the Christ hoy Manuel, , and the Popo is attended by two of his coun cillors — Morctti and Ghorardi. The character of tho first of these may ho gathered from the following:— "Hato iB ,a grand, a strong quality I It makes' nations— it builds, up creeds; If. men ; loyetl one' another'-what should they need of a ohurch ? . . . From , hate and envy spring, emulation and conquest — und we of the,' chureh en courage .tho haters to hate on." . After uttering this sentiment, " he Stood onrnpt, his hqnd upraised, his eyes flashing." .V ' Compared to Moretti, Gherardi is a poor sort'of rogue, meroly unscrupulous and unclean. \ The Christ and the Pope. Bonpro and Manuel are -ushered into the presence of the Pope, who, in appearance, Miss Corelli says " sug gested with dreadful exnotiude a corpse in burial clothes." \\. So pale rind, thin is he that he " might have posed as the frail ghost of a dead faith," as he sat on the throne, "like a shrunken white mummy 'set in a' gilded sarcophagus." Tho cardinal says nothing to tho holy father's charges, but the hoy Manuel pom's out a flood .of argument- and invective. The beautiful hoy stood on tho first step of the throne, " liko an angel suddenly descended at the portal of the mummy's tomb,?' .and as he listens "the Pope's figure - seems to grow more and more attenuated." This is the end of the scene . \\. " 'I speak' as One having authority, and not as - the scribes, ' said Manuel, with a. swift, flashing glance, which - liko a shaft of lightning seemed to pierco through flesh and bono ; for, as he met that radiant and commanding look, the jewel- like eyes of the Pope lost their lustre, and. hecamo fixed and glassy, and liko n dead body which had only been kept in place . by - some secret mechanical action, ho fell hack in his chair senseless, his ' limbs stretching themselves out with a . convulsive shudder into stark immovability." Manuel and the cardinal leave the Yaticnn, and, fooling, it no longer safe to remain in Rome, depart for London with tlie help of the English socialist we have mentioned before. ' A Socialist Hero. This man, Audrey Leigh, is a re markable person. It is a little difficult to discover exactly what ho is, but his power will be gathered from the fol lowing conversation. Ono of the'Papal authorities says : — " Our prayers for tho conversion of England will yet he granted." \ "Not while I live," said Audrey firmly. Audrey is " a failure in ' tip-top circles,' " because ho neither bets nor swears nor carries on intrigues. In spite of tho wholo .of tho cardinals, however, he falls in love with a beauti ful Hungarian, and mnrries her before 3,000 people in the East End of London nt n service invented by himself. Meanwhile Angela has finished her great picture. It is of immense size and of that allegorical nature beloved by the Kaiser. She shows, it to hor lover, 'and he, jealous of- her fame, stabs her, with the idea of afterwards passing tho picture off as liis own. Naturally so foolish, a person gets liis. deserts." Angela recovers, and is learn ing, at tho end of tho hook, to lovo another, while her would-ho murderer is burnt to death in a Trappist monastery. The. good .cardinul dies. in London, .und the Christ. hoy. returns from.whehce He came. Though incidentally Miss Corelli tilts at vivisection and tho anti-l)rcyfusards, and frequently, speaks ill of dignitaries, tho book is substantially a Protestant fulmination. Here is her opinion of the chureh: — "The church, instead of' being a brotherhood, united in the divine . ser vice of Christ, is a mere secular system of avarice and tyranny." As an appendix Miss Corelli prints' some " Relics of Paganism in Christianity as Approved by English Bishops." Tho Archbishops of Canter bury and York, and tho Bishops of London, Bristol, Chester, Chichester, Lincoln, Oxford, - and St. Albans uro \- quoted. The practices they are said to approve are tho use of incense, the con fessional, and hymns to the Virgin. It is a strenuous — a very strenuous — hook, and should please .Mr. Kensit greatly. It consists of 634 pages, and tho publishers havo issued a first edition of unprecedented size — more than 100,000 copies, it is stated. 