THE. DOMESTIC SERVANT WORRY. To The Editor. fcir— ii servant girls were treated witn more consideration and respect there would not- be mud: changing about on both sides. When a girl enters a situation, and is treated as it she cadn t any ngnts — except in the kitchen and scullery — which sonie itinvef- is not too nice a 'dwelling-place — there to- slive from morn till night, as if she were a machine, is it a wonder that girls ?eek for ^mething better to do? Servants in general sae'ji to have a slur cast' upou thein. Why should this be so? What is there nicer for a girl to do than house woik.' Then if ever Ae jre's a home of her own she will know how to manage it: and not ha ilike so many so-valued 'l.idies' of the day, who do not know how to manage either house or servants. I w:is anui?ed at what 'Do.spair' tays. Does .-lie mean to ip rinuate that ever.- lady who keeps her maid for any length of time is of a slovenly character, or has the means of keeping more hands for her labour than is neces sary'' 8he must be greatly mistaken, for if so there must be many hundreds of filthy houses around Adelaide. Again she says we have to thank 'free education for this state of affairs.' as it makes griris 'too big for their boots.' Eather a peculiar term for' one who is supposed to be a 'lady' to use! It sounds as though she were of a very haughty disposition with a bad temper; and I pity the girls in her employ. Allow me to congratulate 'Another Mother,' who has writ-ten sensibly. If a few more ladies would follow her example and treat their girls a little better they would find it would repay them. It would not be necessary for them to go three months without a maid. 1 am, Sir, &c;, ONE WHO TAKES NOTICE. The latest fashionable craze for white, both in season and out of season, is not at its happiest when applied to bridesmaid's frocks. The bride and her maidens (says a writer on fashions) now look like a flock of silent ghosts, or a flock of pigeons as they walk up the aisle of some dim old parish church, and for one moment, one is perfectly bewildered with them, taking them for brides all going to undergo the ordeal of marriage at the same moment. It is most fashionably correct, no doubt, of the bride 'to have her maidens so attired, but very ill-advised, as she and her satin train and lace would look far more notice able and charming ? were they in some colour that, by contrast, made her utter whiteness the more delightful. An entirely original means of livelihood has been devised by a company of ladies who have hit upon the idea of starting a sanatorium for those of their sex whose hair 13 falling off or turning grey. The process of restoring strength to enfeebled tresses is carried out in the seclusion of a charming country house, where : the in mates give the necessary -time to the strengthening and dyeing methods neces fciry, ' ' ' ? ?- ?:??:?. 