GLEANINGS FROM SHAKESPEARE. VII. BA1ILST: JToi ntio, thmt a at e'er my conversation tope HORATIO: O, my dear lord HAMLBT: Nay, do not thin For trliat advancement may That ua rereHtte halt but th To frei and clothe thee ! Wh flattered ? And Ko, let crook the candied the pregnant tongue hin l Where thrift may fo'tow fa Since my dear .out fras nthtrc And could of men distinguis As one, in suftriug all, that A man that fortune's buffet 2Inst to'en tcith equ"t tha tho ml judgment are >mniu so i That they arc not a pipe for f To s .11 ud what slop shf ple That is nut passion's slave, In my heart's core, ay, in As I do thee ome in. It is impossible to publish Jlath sealed thee for herself Had Shakespeare never written aught else but Hamlet, it alone would have stamped him as an unapproachable genius. It is incomparably beyond any writing of any other playwright known to the world. It is a glorious distinction for lingland that her literature has been enriched by such a master-mind. In this play of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, Shakespeare has surpassed himself, and has elevated himself to a pinnaclc of fame that no other being need ever hope to aspire to. One is lost in utter bewilderment at the profundity of the philosophy, the astonishing insight into human nature, and the magnificent diction of the piece, garnished as it is with flashes of thought that scintillate like diamonds in a coronet, and linger long and lastingly in one's memory. Magnificently striking is it in biting sarcasm, tender emotion, reverential feeling, thundering denunciation, infinite scorn, quaint humor, genile affection, and awesome effect ; and it is replete with sayings that enchant the mind, and situations that hold the senses captivated. As for the sayings, here and there, they have long been proverbial; and no work extant has yielded so many quotations as it. The claims of Lord Hacon have been advanced as the author of the best of Shakespeare's productions ; but we require proof of the matter. The mean, but right learned and philosophic, lord, when in life, never advanced such a claim, and it is remarkably strange to think that anybody should be deluded into thinking that Uacon wrote what Shakespeare did. Shakespeare's educational qualifications, or want of same, have been brought into question. That he lacked neither light nor learning, his writings amply reveal, but that is not sufficient for some persons, who imagine that unless a man receive the impress of some l.'niversity or the other, he cannot be the equal, much less the superior, of one who has been so impressed. But it does not require I'nivcrsity degrees to produce geniuses. We find nothing before or after Shakespeare's name to indicate his learning : he was infinitely above and beyond all that. And who would have him spoken of as Dr. Shakespeare i He loft all that for lesser lights to shine by. No I Shakespeare, and Shakespeare only, is the name that crowns him king of intellects. No University in Christendom, or out of it, gets the credit for what be wrote ; as a writer, he absolutely stands unrivalled, and as one of the greatest teachers that ever trod the earth, his claims are indisputable. He evolved from his own inner consciousness what never a school put there. He is an universal philosopher, and Universities are learners of his undoubted genius ; and the greatest dons in them, or of them, must humbly doff their caps, and bow low, at his name. So much for the immortal bard. It is bis Horatio that 1 want to come to. " Horatio ?" I, in imagination, hear a voice exclaim. " You can't knock much out of Hoiatio." Yes ! 1 am going to pound a lot out of him, genuine gold, too, and at ohcc. Confining our attention to Horatio, then, here we have presented to us the happiest stamp of man breathing. You note that Hamlet expresses the greatest admiration to, and of, such a character; or, lather, Shakespeare himself, by the mouth of Hamlet, is insistent that he is the best kind of man. Although a prominent character in the piece—and not a minor, as some imagine—Shakespeare makes him very sparing of his words. No matter what the situation, Horatio is unchangeably Horatio—always the same : his words arc few. It is only when the Ghost appears at the beginning of the piecc, and again quite at the end of the play, when Hamlet is no more, that he speaks a few sentences concurrently. For the rest, it is, " Remember it, my lord." " That is most certain." " Is it possible." " I beseech you." " Ay, good my loid." " No, my good lord,' and so on ; brief sentences, just signifying yes, and no, and scarcely anything else. Unlike Moses, whose deeds cclipscd his words, he could be eloquent—lie was a scholar and gentleman—but, seemingly, deemed a silent tongue far more eloquent than words. One would hardly think, though, that such a demonstrative nature as was that of Hamlet could be satisfied with so reticent and composed a being as Horatio was ; who, leaving aside the Ghost visitations, be the situation tragic or pacific, stiired his tongue seldom, and never demonstrated in the least. And yet you read Hamlet's words, and note how he marked him for his own, and how particularly fond he was of Horatio, who was his sole confidant. Clearly, it was not in Horatio's words, but in his personality and utter disinterestedness, that his charm existed. That he was thoroughly sincere and reliable goes without saying, and as different to the rest of the fawning courtiers around Hamlet and the Court as chalk is to cheese. He neither aped dignity nor curried favor, and was the same true, unostentatious individual at the end of a year as at the beginning. He had no vulgar, feverish ambitions as to place and precedence ; never sought to attract attention to himself in any way whatever; must have detested gossip, and kept at all times perfect command of himself. He had in short, such a' wcll-balanced mind that, let the world wag as it would, he never allowed it to shake his mental equilibrium. Pomposity, so overpowering with some, was not his weakness, though in others, as with Polonius for instance, it never, provoked cither his smile or his frown ; though he does make one or two briefly biting comments in the case of Osric. He was a bachelor. I cannot say, had he been a married, if matters matrimonial would have altered his disposition—he was a bachelor, and if the ladies of his acquaintance angled for him, he remained, apparently, quite an unconcerned spectator of their angling capabilities,being neither fashion's slave nor passion's. "An impossible character," say you. Not at all. The fact of the matter is. he was what Shakespeare fully intendedTiim to be, a silent, immovable philosopher ; a store-up of a great deal, but a deliverer, a revcaler of littie or nothing. Well knew he the hollowness of life—its dcceit, lies, subterfuges, bickerings, animosities, and devilish distractions ; of its better side, lie took of its sweets philosophically as they came, hroin life's pleasures or affliction lie de- rived lessons of philosophy, and was never ridiculously elated by the one, or foolishly depressed by' the other. Being human, he was capable of reciprocating human affection, rt e'en and at just so was a drawn man to Hamlet; though d w'tthaU you note, so well did he always regulate ,— his feelings, that when Hamlet " k shuffled I fatter; off this mortal coil," " Now cracks I hope a noble from heart; thee Good night, sweet prince good j and spirit», flights of angels sing thee to thy y ihould rest," expressed, the poor unemotionally, t' though tenderly and. reverently, the last ick tribute, ge« abttlrd of the surviving, knee pomp, philosophic Horatio ; whom neither life nor death disturbed irniag. from Vott his philosophic thou mood. Unfeeling, in the sense of having a hard n heart, of her was choice not, his words show that; but h, every under her case, election all % mundane 'J, circumstances, lie ; was for unperturbed. thou hast Shakespeare been would uijfers have the character nothing, of Horatio to be what s it and is—a rewards speaking lesson to the world ; nks wherein : aud there is blest so much are unnecessary utterance, gled r cell and such frenzied outpourings of either wild delight or excessive woe. ortme'sji ases. Give me that man and Pll tvear him 1111/ heart of hearts, I., stand, 2. the degree of importance There are many who have under-ralcd, many who still under-rate, because tlicy have not understood, still do not under- Shakespeare attached to the charactei of Horatio; which is by no means a minor one in the play, but a principal one. Shakespeare could have created quite a different Horatio ; one profuse of words and emotion. But, no ! he wanted to portray, as he has portrayed, one who was not " passion's slave," but a man who, though moving in the world, was above being moved by its " buffets and rewards" : in short, a type of man cool and collected under every phase of changing events. The play of Hamlet is emotional enough without having an emotional Horatio to over-do the business. Shakespeare knew well what he was about in giving us tbe Horatio that he has; and of his own set purpose he designed him to be what the text reveals. Horatio was eminently self-disciplined, and a man of good sense and quiet good spirits combined; a superior person, indeed, as well as an undemonstratively happy one. No fowner, no flatterer, no parasite was lie. No "candied," but rather a briefly candid, tongue had he ; being therein the venerable Polonius'antithesis, that " wretched, rash, intruding fool," who found out when Hamlet ran. him through, anil stilled his tongue for ever, that " to be too busy is some danger." The busy-body, Polonius, died a tragic death ou r of bed ; unmeddling Horatio, doubtless, died peacefully IN bed. He saw the wholicrowd of agitated beings die ; he only of all the important characters of the play being left to pronounce judgment on their deeds: in cricket parlance, he saw the innings through and carricd out his bat : hencc we greet him with applause. Certainly, no minor part he played ; but one leading to large conclusions, if wc are wise enough to note. " 1 am more an nut'iiiuc Roman than a Dane," quoth Horaliu to tbe dying Hamlet; therein, perhaps, has lie himself furnished us with" the key to his i-liaracler. —llamlet, II 