The Land of Another Chance. By Carlotta Reynal. Tin's is an age of wouders. The occult, the un real, the iutangible, i'b sought after. Thn marvellous power of electricity almost rules the world. Hyp notism, spiritualism, and many othe'isms have taken the pi ice of the soothsayers and prophets of olden times. New force3, Dew power?, new expli nations of the mysterious, sie da'lv being discovered. With thfte few wordu bb a preface, we hunch the follow ing tale upon a credulous public. Have you ever thought how many people die b.etweea the ages cf 3.5 uud 50 ? Hera is a more startling thought st:ll. Smieof these silent and half-forgotten ones are not dead, but have simply gone to the ' Land of Another Chance.' This beiuteous land lies in the midst of a big silvery tea. It is an Hand of wonderful glory, and has its origin in the toll -wmg legend — There was a dissatisfied angel in God's blight galaxy of angels. His face grew pa*e and wan ; bis song was a burden of Eobbmg sorrow. This could not continue in a place where there ehould be ' no sorrow or sighing,' and still this oue particular angel had done uo wrong. His soul was pure and holy, his countenance more beautiful than any there. What was his silent grief ? He had been the guardian angel of a struggling, tempted soul on caitb, and despite his ttnderest care this poor soul had eone astray, by reason of it3 own passions and the callousness ot a selfish world. And the guardian angel grieved, as the weary, tempest tossed soul sighed out in a last nnd fruitless lament, ' O, if we only had two chances in life.' The angel could not forget, and the misery of (lie grottuwg, igaoraut world oppressed his geu(lehe-itt until filially the Father of Augels granted him his desire, namely, that he should come upou tae eaith and establish' a place where weak, weary, misguided human beings might have another chance. The angel's face grew so gloriously radii ut as his Lord gave him this power that the other augels were dazzled by his beauty, and the spot whereon he stood became a spot of blinding light. So, witb the glow of this unselfish ambition upon him he left his rightful place and came out of the sunshme of holiness into the darkness of a wailing world. After many long wanderings he found this islaud in the midbt of a tumbling sea, and there he determined to start his laud of ' Another Chmce.' After making all ready, clearing the place of every noxious thing, coaxing lovely flowers to grow there, and tuneful birds to build their nests there, he brought thither his first storm-tossed soul. The first inhabitant was 39 years of age, utterly dis heartened aud disillusioned. The angel heard his the Justice of God, and, in the still watches of the tiaht, appeared unto him, unfolding his tale of the land where a life in ruins can be ended iu peace, aud aiiDther life begun. The miu died m the ' Land of Another Chauce,' wheu he was 40, and entered the world again -lonely, to be sure, and with a new name— for his second pilgrimage. He cuose his owu a-*e of starting life afresh, aud all his past was as though it had never beeu. As he journeyed ou through the world, serious and earnest, he told all he met of the marvellous land iu the midst of a Eta, and others weut there until, to day, it is a throbbing settlement of ruiued lives, presided over by the m visible Angel of Hope. It is ui'ht iu the ' Laud of Another Chance. The day has betm a busy oue. The boatmen I ave brought mivuy atraugers there, and those who have become used to the place are earnestly regarding and welcoming the new -comers. A strauge gathering is here., but not stranger nor lament over a broken life, his b tter railings against more iucongruous than thoBe who sleap side by side in the many cemeteiies of the woild, or suffer a living death iu the prisons and penitentiaries. Here is the dissatistie 1 artist who, too late in his early career, appreciate! the divinity of his gift of song, aud recognised- the havoc a Jife of dissipation had wrought with him. Tobim has the 'Land of Auother Chance ' been au inspiration and a refuge. Here, too, is the undiscovered murderer, whose secret crime lies like a strangling serpent around him, haunting his dreams, and casting a slimy shadow upou all his waking hours. Even to him is this ' Land of Auother Chance ' an abiding place of hope. And here is the Magdalene, the sinful woman, in whose soul the spark of holy purity had not been quite extinguished, and whose better inomeuts were maddeuftd by memories of the days when she was unashamed. To her also had the Angel of Hope whispered. Here is the voluptuous, smooth-limbed woman of the world, the feted queen of many a court ; the siren who has beguiled away with the fatal charms of sensual beauty, and delicate, subtle art, the senses of many a man. What brings her here ? Perhaps the compelling touch of a child's rosy fiuger on her breast, or the sudden scorn ofa noble trust betrayed. Who can tell ? She is bete, in this quiet 'Laud of Another Chauce' and where will she choose to stai t life afresh f Beside her is the egotist, the man who has done no visible wrong, but whose whole life has been built around one centre, the great Ego, aud whose selfish ambition has suffered no obstacle to stand in his way. What does he here p Perchnnce a thwarted hope, a sudden, forcible awakening to the littleness of his existence, and the infinite loneliness of a fife with Self for its God. Iu the background, saddest of all ead sights, is the remorseful drunkard. Glassy eyes, wild, hardened features, shakiug hand, and de- ? morilised mind. Ah ! the fearful ghosts his dreams are peopled with ! Yet the Angel of Hope has beckoned him also. The breeze sighs softly through the trees, the waves murmur a passionate accompaniment, the boatmen run their boat upon the beach, an I night closes down upou this strange ' Land of Another Chance.'' ****** The Magdalene sits at a piano and ruus Ler fingeis lightly over the keys. The artist approaches her and whispers : ' To-nieht I die.'' She staits, and a sudden pallor chases the rich bloom from her cheek. She is still beautiful, and the mention of death is gruesome. ' Is it time — are you 40 ?' she faltered. He smiled. ' Yen, at midnight, I snail be.' ' What will you do when you live ogam in the world?' the pale woman said. lheglowof a holy hope irradiated the artist's face. ' ' I shall begin at the time when I loved i,uly Art, ; before I had bartered her precious gifts for the ? paltry pleasures of an empty life.' \ She big tied softly, as thougli she understood all ' that he had left uusaid. ' ' In auother year it will be my turu,' she said, aud her sad mouth smiled tremulously. The Artist came still closer. ? * '* Aud where will you begin ?' he said. ? A flush of agouismg shame o'erspread her face, but she lifted brave, steady eyes to the sympathising oneB above her. ?; ' I will begiu at the time when I believed the world was all beauty aud gooiuess, when purity was miue, and trust had never baen betrayed.'' 1 He gtsutly touched one of her trembling hands, aud then his eyeB looked out, out acros i that speech- ? lesB sea, towards the place where he kuew the busy ? world of throbbiug life waB. ? ?* I shall look for you out there eome day,' he i said. Through the quiet room sobbed the plaintive notes of the liauuting air she played, aud suddenly the artist took up the strain aud sung, in soft mellow notes, the wouderl'ul words : ? 'Pardon their bids, My Father, for they do not know what they do.' 1 That same uight he died. Where is he now ? In the world somewhere, either fulfilling his loftiest dreams, overcoming all temptations by the strength of his first mistakes, or else— still walking along the same old stumbling way. That same night the murderer dreamed a dream of other days, back in the happy past. He saw an : English springtime, an English meadow. All t?ie ; air filled with the music of the running b»ok«, the ? piping notes of the thrushes, the perfume of the : violets aud cowslips growing in the hedgerows. A : girl with a flower face of dreamy iuuocence stand- ; ing in the pasture land, her haud shading her eyes, ' her attitude' one of glad expectancy. In the dis- ; tance, acroes the wide meadow, comes a dark- « eyed, up-standing youth, who kueels iu the scented ; grass beside the irirl, whispering something that .: brings a bright flush to her smooth cheek, and | causes her sunny head to droop in sweet confusion. | Did the dreamer sob in his sleep and stretch foith | empty arm?, that the fair picture fades aud a second I appears ? | He sees the day of bis sudden, unpremeditated . crime. Blood, blood, everywhere. His own \ ghastly, agouised face peering into th-it other face, ) to cold and lifeless. His enemy was dead, slain . by him. U, the horror, the remorse, the infinite shame of it ! If only he could blot it all out ! He : awoke, and lo, it was a dream ? :. The Angel brooded o'er the sleepers in that lonely X island of the spa, aud raised earliest eyes to God. ' It is very pitiful,' he murmurei, ' so few come :: out of the millions in the world, but I must not despair, for the salvation of even one soul may mean the saving of thousands. I am content.' \ And as he smiled, standing with beckoning arms | out-stretched iu the darkness of the night, a sudden :j shaft of light parted the clouds above him, and illu- | mined the Angel's head with a golieu halo. | The hair of rabbits and other animals in Bussia | is converted into bowls, dishe?, and plates, which j are valued for their strength, durability, and light- | ness. The articles have the appearance cf vimished | leather. | The Newest Afternoon Teacloths —Five-o'clock % teacloths are now being made with buttonholed slits about three inches long all round the border, and . ribbon of the same width is threaded in and out, and | finished with a bow at oue corner. The prettiest one j I have seen was trimmed in this manner with bril- Jj iant yellow 6atiu ribbon. ™ 