** StnmpH." “Stumps,” as he was ca'icd In Dos serlund, was a favourite with criminals and—the police. ire had a bright joke ami a kindly \\\\.>rd for all alike : r.o mw had ever s.-eu him cross, or known him do a mean thine. Children hung round him. lirlrnini: la Ids yarns; the lasses al-.viys r.lvpi'rd to biinlur with him ; while itn»ny a night, round the (loss-horse tire lie was the life of the wretched-look-in.; group, as in fluent, picture.-apre l.-vuguige hr told •'ghost tales and faky K g-nda of his native County Clare, milting the modellers forget their hunger., their suf ferings, their despair ; ami when hr inul money he was royal./ gem-roue 'he treated everyone l.e ■ isanc u-.r.-r-'.. “ Bedad, tliat fact alone liethrays mel kingly lineage” (Mil:.': was dtrr.vnd;:d from an ancient iriah sovereign). lie (nice said to me. half- ruefuily. " f’d.ure, I'nl never so itappy as whin disp n.-.’.n,.; bounties.” Indeed, I have known If.;., last Hi;m hut two days, though he always slept in a doss-house, and the only solid food that passed lii.-i lij*'. during that space was onions arid trip,: for supper, and a couple of carrots as a midday meal. ".My digestion, you see. is peculiar.” lie confided on one occasion to a msgi mate, after receiving a (sentence of fourteen days : ” it seems to eouou to nothing but drink.” “ Could von not lake the pledge, and would not some one help you ro keep it V” asked the functionary of jit.-cie.-. who. I am sure, in his 'heart, <..-i'.v tin futility of these repeated consignments to gaol. Mike rutiled his rough red i.tir. and a gleam of amusement darted ituu his eyes. " .May it piaise your ltnlahip,” he said. ” it's moself was a shining loigiit hi the Salvation Army—fur—fur two mouths, an' begorra ! in that toirue if (>i d ■! not merit a silver medal fur tlmptr " And where is tin' mod'll ' aske.l the magistrate. •Again Mike's eyes twinkied and me Cornells of his mouth worked. "An' you’ll hnluive me. your warship, whi.i Oi came out last, loime, from the rui dence you wos so kind as to rend me to fur moi health, l pawned it fur a dlirop of the cratur', an' begem ! it Oi didn’t foin.l the medal wasn’t silver .it all. l*ut jisr a common bir of tin :’’ .Mike's real discomfiture wts too much for those present, and they laughed as lie meant them to iaiign and nobody enjoyed his joke mure than lie did himself. But laughing at or with a culprit does not help 'o mend ids ways, and Mike's ease had a sad side to it.—!• rum the "Quiver,” fur April. 