THE CONTROVERTED PASSAGE. .. . "WRITTEN BUT NOT UTTERED. The following is the full text of, the passage; as it appeared in the' archbishop's' manuscript; of the sermon, but whioh was omitted by him" in delivering his 'sermon because of the mixed character of his congregation :— " Look at those hundreds of contradictory- denomiuations whioh 'swarm in tho British Empire, and in some other parts of the globe. Havo they any of the murks of ' the true church, unity, sanctity, catholicity, and apostolicity? Sorely not! They havo no unity. Look not for sanotity -in those 'separate seots. I speak not pf individuals, but of 'systems.' The authors of tho Greek schism, Photiua. in tho Din th Century, and Michael Cerularius, in the eleventh, had no motivo for thoir separation but blind; ambition and lust of power.' The leaders and fonndera of Protestantism — Luther, Calvin, Zwinglins, ' ftc. — were notorious for their vices. Among .the Greek schismatics tho clergy are badly trained for their saored functions,, and live in a state of piti ful ubjeetion and contempt; they re ceive little or ho consideration or ra- speot from tho people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the GoBpel' teaohing. Among Protestants, the most effeotual means of eancriflcation have disappeared ; abstinenco, fasting, mortifioation, confession, oomuiunion, , &e.;, &o.; Both the Greek sohism and Pro-: teatanism have rather obstruoted than pro- . motcd'trne civilisation. Tho first has brought despotism upon tho oast, the second covered ' Europe with blood and rains in the sixteenth century, and .'has ever since beon the helper and instrument of the worst foes of _ Christianity. . It desecrated the home,' it polluted tho nuptial bed, . it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devas tated the school, and stopped the progress pf soience. In fine,' neither Protestants nor Greek sohismatics havo shown .that fbb action of tho Holy Ghost is with thorn. No examples of heroio virtues, no saints in thoir .ranks at all comparable to the martyrs and missionaries of the Catholio Ohuroh ; and thoy havo never beon able to obtain tho sanction of a.' miraolo' for their work and their dootrine. 