MUSTARD AND CRESS. [By "Salawjt."] UNDER WHICH KINO, BEZONIAN ? Mr. Fred Richardson, stationmaster of Orange, is a gentleman whom wo all ' respect. He is a capable officer, and ho is au able member of the A. and P. S&ciety; •; bat he lias 110 earthly, uo possible, 410 imaginable, claim to be vicepresident of the Orange Hospital. Of course, if tho subscribers like to elect Mr. Richardson as their vicc-president, nobody could object. If the electors had decided to make Mr. Richardson a memtberof the Federal Convention, nobody could have denied their right to do so. Personally, I have a great respect for Mr. Richardson, but I will Bay this, and cauuot keep it back: If he wants to be vice- 'president of the Orange. Hospital let him 6erve his apprenticeship ou the committee. I am fold that Mr. Tanner will be beaten. Dozens of people liavo told me so, and if they had expressed the opinion in a joyful manner I would have believed it, but they didn't. Therefore, Mr. Richardson is not going to be elected on their votes. But ho must get somebody's vote, or else the contest will be a fiasco. Now, I want to ask men like Mr. J. L. King and Mr. H. H. Lee, whether they, in their innermost hearts, honestly believe that Mr. Richardson will do as much for the hospital as Mr. Tanuer ? I do not take any notice of the stories about the railway employees subscribing the money necessary to allow the stationmaster to be a candidate, because I am quito sure that a man of Mr. Richardson's well-known generosity would not submit to such a coutemptiblo proceeding; but we none of us can deny, even Mr. Richardson 'will not deny, that W. Tauner is a grafter wherever you put him. Perhaps he's erratic, maybe he s got a cranky temper, very likely he's " awkward" if he gets a stupid idea in his head. I won't say that these things are so, but they may be. No man on earth but one was ever perfect, and so we must all have onr faults. But, allowing all possible faults ngainst W. Tanner, no man can say he's lazy; he mu6t be doing something. If yon won't let him do something sensible he'll do something foolish. Bat he can't keep still. Well, this is a pretty dull town in some respects. There are not too many " live" men in it, and it's a pity to waste 'em. I hope Mr. Tanner will be reelected vice-president of the 0» nge Hospital. If I had 100 votes I'd ^'ve him the lot, but I have no vote, chiefly because the clever gentlemen who act as collectors know I can't afford to give a guinea to the hospital, or to anything else. I don't think it would be a bad idea if the hospital had collectors who refused to take too much for granted, but I do not see how it could well get a better vice-president than Mr. Tanner. I do not think, when it comes to the scratch, that intelligent members of the reform party will be found to be sufficiently n&rrow-miuded; to wreck vengeuace on the vice- president who has Berved the hospital and ilie subscribers faithfully and well for many years. AN IKTORMEIi's J.UCK. Quite lately a clever gentleman struck a country town. The gentleman desired to earn an honest living at tho respectable business of an informer. He had discovered that nnder a statute of Henry IV. or Canute or Caractacns or somebody that every person delivering bread must carry a pair of scales to weigh the same, so that the purchaser may see the weight is correct. When the gentleman came to the country town he went to three baker's carts in. turn and purchased from each a ljaf and asked for it to be weighed. There were no scales in either case. Then he laid his information and the cases came on. lu ouo case he had not laid the information within 48 hours as by the Act of Caractacns, No. 13, chap. IV. in such case made and provided. So the magistrate ordered him to pay costs of court, witnesses' expenses, and one guinea professional costs, amounting to nearly £2, in default to be incarcerated for a certain period. In tho other two cases the bakers were fined £1 each without costs, given time to pay, and allowed to appeal. As the informer will only get half the fines in any case he cannot get more than £1 back for his £2, and may not even get that. It is tall for persons going in for the informer business to be quite sure of their ground. No magistrate ever " leans" to an informer. The case must be quite clear and the penalty unavoidable. If there is a loophole at all the informer is in danger, and as he getp uo public sympathy in any case. ,By the way, the Act of Caractacns or Canute or •whoever it is only says pair pf Males;" so'it every bread carter -in Orange wilP uiake it a practice to carry a wmple of fish-scaleg about with him that will probably be quite sufficient to upset the equilibrium of any gentleman who puts Jlis time in searching ancient laws for means of trapping those who have something else to do. Kim" VEAUS AGO. Tho honorable member for Orange liaB Bent me a copy of the 8 M. Herald printed 50 years ago. He says he wants it back, and I hope he'll get it, but I don't like ltis chance. • Ouo feature of the paper is that it is splendidly printed, far better printed than the Telegraph is now. The advertisements, also, show much, less " display" thau tho Herald submits to nowadays: but they are amusing. Here's one:—SHIP MAITLAND—MAR.Y ANN HALL, who came out iu the ship Maitland from London, shipmate with a young mail named Addison, but supposed to be Bince married. (This is neat!) She •will greatly oblige her brother John, who lias come over from Port Philip expressly to see her, with calling on or letting him know her address. -Any shipmates or friends kuowing where Bhe is stopping will confer a great favor on her brother by letting him know." Seems that Alary Aim must have been a bit of a character, as it were, in a manner o* speakin'! There was au auctioneer in Sydney in those days by the name of " Albbmailo Lazard." I don't think any modem auctioneer eveu approaches Mr, iov eipartat'fs ia ctdwrtieipf. So starts off about a public-house he has to sell in this fashion :—" MR. ALBE- MARLE LA55ARD has of late been honored with instructions relative to the sale of so many very excellent publichouses, that he fears it may be esteemed somewhat invidious for him, iu making the present announcement, to declare that he has now the best house iu Sydney at the price, which is by no muans extravagant, but truth compels him at all risks to do so!" Mr. Lazard goes on to explain the virtues of tho hostelry, aud teetotalers may feel interested iu these words : " The lease is for upwards of three years and the license will be included in the deal." Evidently there was a vested interest in a publican's liceuse 50 years ago! Mr. Lazard has another advertisement iu the same issue, iu which he points out the immense difference between an hotel aud a publichouse. There is au immense difference, just as much difference as there is between six two-shilling pieces aud half-adozen florins. The strauge uncanny thing about reading over au old paper is tho feeling that it is a ghost. 1 have a copy of the London Times, printed in 1788, and it feels queer to road all the business announcements, the births, marriages, deaths, sales, purchases and so on, and to remember that they're a I dead, the young girl who got married and the young man who married her, and tlic clergyman who read the service and the cabmau who drove them from the church. It's a queer world, and we do not understand what a very small and a very transitory show we have in it, until wo get h }ld of on old' newspaper. To read the copy of tho Herald referred to above, it is difficult to realise that it belodgs to the past. John Hall wants to find his 6istcr and Mr. Lazard wants to sell tho hotels he has " received instructions" to dispose of. But they've all got half-a-ton of clay top of their coffins, l^lr. Lazard doesn't care now whether the hotel sells or not, and the purchaser doesn't care and the seller doesn't care, and Mary Ann Hall *s utterly indifferent to the offensive manner in which her brother advertises for her. After all there are not many things worth worrying about. I'XKECESSAltY EXASPERATION. Mr. Dekker, the editor of the Evening News, is an able mau, so is the gentleman who writes the sub-leaders, though a little less persistence in quoting Dickens's novels would be something of a relief. But I rise to ask Mr. Dekker to be good enough, if he must ask conundrums, to confine the alternatives to similar parts of speech. In Monday's issue of the Evening News there appears an article headed, " Federal or State ?" I do not remember to have previously heard the public called upon to choose between an adjective and a noun. Mr. Francis Abigail who became, by 6ome extraordinary means, Minister for MineB about ten years ago, is alleged to have declared that the question of freetrade or protection was 44 more propery than fiscal," but then nobody expects a N.S.W. politician to bo able to express himself iu the Queen's English. The Evening News, however, onght to know better. Besides we all learn things through the Sydney daily papers. Look how we hang ou tluir interpretations' of the cable messages Consider how amazed we are at the variegated intelligence of the interpreters],. So, it really isu't fair for the Eiieniiuf News to put np conundrums based ' upon different parts of speech. ^Federal or State?" asks Mr. Dekker, Wei]','Suppose I ask, "Satisfactory or Sausage-factory?" Any fool cau ask a C9pn(idyiim of that sort. He can get on a platform and scream out, " Which are you in favor of proper or o>- pork chops ?" That looks Billy, but it isn't a bit more silly than asking the people of Sydney whether they are iu favor of " Federal or State ?" 