The Departure of the Subaltern. (PALL MALL MAGAZINE.) AU the doors in the corridor were still closed-all except mother's. She had left her's ajar through the night, in case Bob, waking, had called her name. Bat Bob bad not called; he had slept like a top. Presently the gray dawn grew pink," and little shafts of light crept through the Venetian blinds, picking oat the pictures on the walls, the ! mirror of the wardrobe, and the gal- j lant figure of Bob himself, on the ' mantelpiece photographed in full uniform. Mother s vigil was ended. She rose softly, slipped on her dressing gown and slippers, and stole along the corridor to Bob's room. Bob lay, six foot of British man- hood, yellow-haired, straight-limbed, deep- chested, sound asleep. The feit dreams that had visited him had been sweet to the heart of a soldier. Not a shadow' of fear had disturbed his slumbers. He had been assisting in killing the enemy by shrapnel, rifle and bayonet, in thou- sands, and now they lay around him like corn after .the sickle ; and Bob smiled and awoke, and saw mother standing looking down upon him. It was no unusual sight to see her there ; yet to-day something stirred in his heart, and Bob put up his arms and drew her head down to his breast. "My baby-my boy !" mother mur- mured. "Oh, my darling." Bob bore it with admirable grace? but he did not like it-not a little bit; and aa soon as he could, he wriggled himself free and asked the time. There was time and to spare ; and mother said, if he did not mind, she would like to read one of the morning Psalms to him ; it would comfort her, she said.- And Bob consented, like .the gentleman he was, and lay still while she read, thinking what pretty hair she had-it fell in a long plait right below her waist. Then she kissed him again,iind went; and when he was quite sure he could count on isolation, Bob got up and wandered amongst the litter of uniform cases and portmanteaus that lay about the floor. Then he took np his Glen- garry, and, putting it on, regarded his reflexion in the mirror complacently. And his pride must be excused, for he was a newly fledged subaltern of 20 years, recalled from leave to rejoin his battalion, which sailed on the morrow for the seat of war. Having adjusted the cap at every conceivable angle, he replaced it and continued his toilet. His cheeks were perfectly innocent of beard, and 20 minutes saw him' fully attired, im- maculate in a bran-new suit and the stiffest and highest of shiny white collars".' Just at'this moment a knock came at the .door, and his sister, hiB junior by three years, entered the room. It waa easy to see she had been weeping, but Bob expected as much, and in his heart did not resent it. He put his arm round her waist and. kissed her. " Nearly time to be off," he cried, with almost brutal cheerfulness ; and turned to strap his portmanteau, whistling a martial ditty. Nell sat down on the edge of the bed, and surveyed the array of bag- gage with mixed feelings. ; She was very proud of Bob. He was a dear hero ; .but if only the war were over and he back again, crowned with glory! Other girls' brothers had gone, and-well, she would not let herself think. She wished she had been kinder to Bob in the days gone by. Now the little untheught-of omissions would be ghosts to haunt her conscience till he was back again. She would like to have told Bob that she was sorry, but she knew he would laugh ' at her for a little goose ; and besides, it would look as if she felt this was indeed good- bye; so she choked back the lump in her throat, and sat with brave eyes stoically \- watching Bob, who stood in the window examining his revolver. But, strive as she would, she could not check the thoughts that the sight brought to her mind. Bob with, a revolver in his hand-yes, but far away in the midst of the din and smoke 'of battle, surrounded by the foe; dauntless, wounded, bloody dying-dying ! "With a little cry she rose to her feet. Bob, who had been taking careful aim at the gas globe, turned round at the sound. " Halloa !" he exclaimed, "what's up, Nell? You look as if you had seen a ghost." Then his eyes followed her gaze. " Little coward," he cried teasingly ; " I believe you got funky at the sight of this revolver." Nell Btopped short on her way to the door, then she gave a queer little laugh. " "Well, perhaps I did," and went quickly from the room. Bob went back and finished hiB packing; then caught up his portman- teau and helmet-case and went down- stairs. In the hallv Perkins, the man-ser- vant, met him,' and hurried forward with a scared face. " Oh, sir," he cried reproachfully, " you shouldn't, really, sir. I.wouldn't have had it happen for worlds, sir," he said pathetically, as he took the case and portmanteau from Bob's handB. "Oh.it is all right, Perkins," Bob answered, with splendid condescen- sion; whereupon one of the house maids, who was a witness of the scene, harried off to the kitchen below. "He's down," she exclaimed breathlessly, " a-carrying of his own portmanteau and looking as handsome and cheerful, for all the world as if he was a-going to be married, instead of off to the war." "Poor dear,", said cook, aa she turned the chops-" poor innocent dear." Perkins hurried down at this moment. " To think," he . cried tragically, "as he's strapped his own traps and carried down his own port- manteau, and he off to the war ! I'd have lost a whole month's wage sooner than this 'ere should hare happened. Supposing he's killed, and I've got to remember that he waited on hiaself the laat morning !" "Ain't he cheerful?" said Mary the housemaid. "He don't look aa if he meant to be killed." " Oh, they none of 'em mean to he killed, but that don't make .bullets blank cartridge," Perkins answered \ grimly. I In the meantime mother had ] dressed. She had borne up bravely | thronghout. Once, though her' lips had . trembled : that wàs when the sound of Bob's gay whistling had reached her ears. But even then loving pride had flashed into her eyes and choked down sorrow. Her boy was brave-brave and true; and duty, she - knew full well, would find him a hero. She wondered if father, who was in the .dressing-room, could hear the sound. She would like to have called j to him, only she was just a little hurt at his apparent unconcern at his son's departure. But'after all, she thought, he waa only a man; he could not know a mother's heart: hia breast had sot pillowed the little sunny head in the years gone by ; he had not , cried with joy when the little feet had taken their first unsteady steps across the floor. How well she remembered that day, and how proud she had felt of her son ! He was such a fine big baby. She had placed him against a chair,'and he had looked up at her with round eyes of wonder; then, when her meaning came to him, he had not hesitated a moment, he had thrown back his little head, and, with a scream of delight, walked bravely forward right into her loving, waiting arms. And now-now . . . she \ brushed aside her tears, for she heard father coming. . Father entered the room quickly, but paused on the threshold.' To tell, the truth, he had thought mother down- ' stairs. He had been trying to remem- ber, that day when Bob had ridden the new pony for the first time so pluckily, whether the lad had been breeched or not. He knew the picture was on mother's dressing-table, and he had come in to look at it, and there steod mother with the photo- graph in her hand. "Hump!" exclaimed father, "so you have not gone down ?" and his voice was not conciliatory, for he felt that everyone that morning, himself included, waa wearing his heart on his sleeve ; and a sense of lost dignity waB irritating him. Mother's heart swelled at the tone : she put down the photograph and looked up at father with a look in which reproach and sorrow mingled ; and then suddenly she turnad aside, and her hands busied themselves, amongst the brushes and trays on the dres8ing-tabJe, for her quick eye had detected that father was wearing odd boots-a buttoned and a laced-up one. To think of it ! he, the soul of pre- cision, to thus betray himself; but there his abstraction stood confessed. And, ob, how mother loved him for it ! He had been such a stoic too. Well, there was no accounting, for man's ways : but, thank God, he had put on odd boots that morning. She no longer felt lonely in her grief. He cared too ; his heart was aching also for their son's departure. Oh, those blessed odd boots ! But she knew his nature, and stood for a moment wondering how best to tell .him of his mistake without annoy- ing him ; and presently mother, on her way downstairs, tapped at the dressing-room outer door. " One of your lace boots," she said. " I stumbled over it ; I have put it down outside.". Then she waited until she heard father swearing softly to him- self. Then she knew matters would right themselves, and went downstairs. At breakfast somehow nobody bad mach to say. Bob wanted to talk, but felt that his one topic-his luck at being sent to the front-would not be exactly congenial to his listeners. So he refrained,; and ate a» hearty breakfast. He would carry the memory of this last meal away with him to the far-off land. The tender face of mother; smiling bravely from behind the bub- bling, steaming, urn; the daintily spread table ; the pleasant, luxurious room, with its handsome pictures ; the broad bow window, from which he ! could see the dear old garden where I he had played as a child ; the loving eyes of Nell beaming upon him across the table. Tes, home was home, although he was the luckiest sub-' altera in the service. By-and-by the trap was at the door, and the servants gathered in the hall to wish him good luck and God speed. Bob shook hands with them all and thanked them, and then he stood with mother in the porch alone. He could not see her face distinctly for the mist across his eyes; and the next moment he and father were walking quickly down the drive, along which the dog-cart was going slowly forward to await them at the gates beyond. Father remarked that the new gamekeeper was giving satisfaction, and that there was every prospect of the covers yielding better sport the next autumn. " We shall have you home again before then, my boy," he said. " Bather, sir !" answered Bob ; " we shall not take long to settle thiB little affair." At the lodge, the gamekeeper's four boys were standing in a row. They had three-cornered paper hats on their heads, and wooden swords in their hands, and they greeted Bob with Bundry Balutes .and hurrahB. And Bob laughed, and gave them a penny each. " You must keep np your drilling," he said. " We shall be wanting new recruits in the regiment by-and-bye." And then the gate waa opened, and Bob climbed to the back seat of the cart. Par away at the boase, some- thing flattered white from a window, and Bob took oat his handkerchief and signalled back again. Then the boys cheered afresh, and the trap turned into the lane, and home was already a thing of the past. As they drove through the village, there was not a' doorway that had not someone standing on the threshold to bid him God speed. " 'Tis the young Squire off to the War," they cried one to the other; and the men's glances flashed and their voices rose; but the women's eyes Siled with tears as they saw him drive past. " God keep him," they ! said, " and comfort his mother's heart 1" For they knew that the men gave willingly their lives for their country; but that the gift of the women was something dearer than life. And all the while Bob's heart was Binging to him : he did not know that the song had come down to him from the long-ago time when the Sea Kings had gone forth with their battle songs to be the terror »and conquerors of distant lands. He did not know; but so it was, and 'twas a goodly heritage, of which Bob in his joy and impatience recked little. So the station was reached and the last good-bye Bpoken; and father grasped Bob'a hand. " You will-do your duty," father eaid: "I am BOTO of it." \- And Bob's face flashed. " Thank you, sir," he answered, in a husky voice : " and-my love-to mother." ClIíTOBD Milts. 