SARCASM FROM COCKBURN. , The Gocy-urn correspondent of the 'Bar- rier Miner' wrote recently:— 'About eleven years ago the- residents asked the' South, Australian railwav authorities' to cicuu -l guuus-sneu mere; anu, as me mate rial has been sent here and lying on the ground for about three months, 'the towns people have l^easonable hopes that the building -will be erected within the next few years, which will be a boon to those residents who are then alive.' ?? . Saturday being the last day of term, the ?ull Court sat for the transaction of formal lysine^s. On the mction of the Attorney General, Hon. J. H. Gordon, Q.C., Messrs. James R. Johnson, Charles J. Supple, and Frederick A. Tennant were admitted as practitioners of the Court. - ? ' - The Registrar-General of Western, Aus tralia, Mr. Malcolm A. C. Fraser, has 'intro duced a sensible reform in the matter of statistical returns by the publication of a handy monthly epitome of current facts. There are, he remarks, many inttTFSting and important statistical de'ails publisrel periodically during the year by the several departments of the Public Service, but as they have been up to the present only dis connectedly disseminated through the me dium of 'the public Press they are not,' as a rule, readily available for handy refereace if subsequently' required. The 'Statistical Abstract,' which it is intended shall in. futures be published monthly, has been de signed with a view of overcoming this dis advantage. As many of 'the details given have to be obtained by means oi estimates, and iium preliminary returns xney are uaDie, oi course, to amendment at a later datef but all figures which have cot been finally cor rected have been marked as subject t.o alts ration, which will be duly made so sxtn as practicable. We have received a copy of the first number of the 'Abstract'' in its pre sent form, containing mest of the data re quired for ordinary political and general purposes. The information liaving been brought up to the latest possible date, the well-arranged tables will be found particu larly useful to politicians, journalists, mer chants, and others. Saturday being the anniversary of the death of Mr. II. T. Fry, the employes oi Messrs. James Marshall & Co. forwarded a r.i-mber of beautiful wreaths to be placed on the grave of thejr late employer and es teemed friend. 'The following are the quantities of rain registered at the undermeatione'd stations for the twenty-four hours ended Saturday, July 21. at 9 a_m.:— Crafers, 0.01; Cape Jer-. vis, 0.02; Mount Pleasant, 0.09; Echunga, 0.03; Cape Willoughby, 0.04; Victor Har bour, 0.08; Mount Gambier, 0.02. The lecture to be given at the Stow Church Lecture Hall this evening by the llev. Dr. Eilel in connection with the Royal Geographical Society, South Aus tralian Branch, will, no doubt, attract a large attendance. The special qualifications of the lecturer to sptak on the Chinese ques tion are well known, and the discussion which will follow, in which the Hon. J..H. Gordon, Q.C., M.L.C., and the Hon. J. L. Parsons, Consul for Japan, will take part, should be specially interesting. The patient Osborne, who was removed from Parkside to the Adelaide .Hospital, said to be ? suffering from plague, and who was in a critical condition, was reported on Sunday as being much improved. .among inose wno can anora to maujge in it there is quite a craze just now in the col lection of dwarf Japanese plants and trees (says the ''Daily Chronicle.') A recent sale at Willis's Rooms, when high prices were reflized, wasattendedbyanumber of society folk — amateur gardeners and arboricul turists—and a few globetrotters bent onre viving remininscences of the land. of blos soms. But, according to an expert who was present and did not buy, the chances of successfully cultivating dwarf Japanese plants or trees on English soil are somewhat remote. The British gardeners cannot be expected to understand their peculiar re quirements as regards depth and quality of soil, and the amount and, above all, the temperature of water necessary. Climatic considerations have also' to be taken into account. In addition to the invaluable assistance given by the Rontgen rays in locating and diagnosing disease and injury, there is, in the opinion of the Rontgen Rays' Societies, a great future \for the; rays' as a curative power. 'We are accumulating considerable data on- this' matter,' 'snid'-a'1- member to our representative, 'but avc do not progress fast enough. The rays have been of u?e in locating tuberculosis, but their potential value as a curative agent cannot be staled as yet owing to insufficient data The cure of lupus has been successful up to a point, as with other complaints; but it will be some time before we are able to say very much definitely on the point. Person ally, I believe the rays have a great future before them in this direction.' 'One would have thought that in the few years the rays have been used, and with the large number of hospitals, sufficient data %vould have been githered as to its curative power.' 'That is ihe idea of every one who lias not ex amined the matter in all its bearings. You =ee the hospitals are aofull of work in the morning, with their big statical machine and Rontgen apparatus, in the location of injuries and diseases, that they have no time to consider much about the curative effect. It is the sime with /medical men all over the country. In fact, the curative side of the experiments has to be left to their leisure hcui-s, which are, as you may l\\- aware, very infrequent.' ''Were it pos sible to devote more time to the curative siae uociors aun jju.-[»iuiis inigm- oc uoie iu dispense with a great deal of their activi ties, and die all-round task of curing di sease would, of course, be considerably di minished?' 'That is so, undoubtedly; but vrhai is to be done? We want some million aire to endow a large institution where the curative powers of the rays would alone be experimented with.' Our informant went on to say that the Society had a soldier from the front at their last meeting, and they could distinctly locate a bullet in his brain, actually impinging, he believed, on the grey tissue. 'Tet the man was as well as you or I.' That, however, is not new. Bullets have passed clean through the grey tissue of the brain and come out at the back of the head without doing any harm to the man ultimately. 'You, of course, know,' he continued, 'that the post-offices make great use of -the rays. They bundle parcel after parcel with lightning rapidity along a slab, and can see in a moment if there, is anything that ought not to be in the parcel. It is also used extensively in the foreign Customs. Some time ago watches were sent into these countries in sdde Bibles. The rays have done away with that profitable source of income.''— 'St. James's Gazette.' The circulation of the 'Topeka Daily Capital', for the one experimental week under ..the . editorship of the Rev. L'. ; H. ' Sheldon went up from 12,000 . to .367,000 per day. A :lear profit in excess of the ordinary week's working was made, the trifling sum of 25,000/ Of this .^5,000 was put in his hand is his^share- He has distributed to phil lnthropies every cent. He gave a thousand dollars to the Indian Famine Fund, a thou sand ''dollars to start a reformatory in fopeka; a thousand to a local hospital, 500 to the Y.M.C.A.. in Topeka; 500 to .the W.C.T.'U. ' Then, as a memorial of the week's work, a didnkmg fountain, much needed, is being erected in Topeka, and one or two minor matters have absorbed the balance. The proprietors of the paper, thinking that Mr. Sheldon ought to have something for himself; sent a .thousand-dollar bill to Mrs. Sheldon as a gift; and it was returned with thanks by the next mail. Tlje author of 'In His Steps' is not on the make! Out of the millions of copies of 'In His Steps' sold in Great Britain Mr. Sheldon has re ceived but £8 sterling! Who heard the, ghostly drummer of Cor tachy Castle beat t-he death-roll of the late Karl of Airlit? .His spectral tattoo is ever the herald of death to the heads of the Ogilvys. In bygone times there was a drummer who drummed for the 'Bonny House of Airly.' The wretched player of fended the earl of tlio.se days and was tied up in his own drum and flung from a high tower. ? .After vainly pleading for his' life the poor IJttle drummer threatened that his ghost should haunt the family for ever and .ever. Legend has it that generation after generation the dead drummer has sounded the laet post for Earl and Counters of Airlie, and the roll of his drum has through the long centuries blanched the faces of many inmates of Cortachy Cas tle. In 1345 a visitor at Cortachy 'was dressing for dinner. A tattoo was beaten beneathher window. The lady listened in surprise, for as- far as she knew there were no bandsmen at the castle. Going down to dinner she said to her host^-' Who is it that plays the drum so skilfully outside the castle V' The earl turned pale and shi vered. The countess could not hide her fear. The face of every Ogilvy . at the table was deadly . white. Within -a week the countess lay in her shroud. The drummer was the spectre of Cortachy Cas tle. A few years later a young English man 'who was to shoot with Lord Ogilvy, the eldest son, at .the Tulchan, a scooting lodge at tlie head of Glenshce, missed his way. -The night was wild, and darkness had long set in before lie saw the lights of the shooting lodge. ' Then up the glen came the. long' roll of the drum. There couldt be no mistaking it. 'Who could be playing out of doors on such a night?' he asked Lord Ogilvy. 'Silence,' -was ? hia only answer. It was the dead drummer of Corhachy Castle. The Earl of Airlie died in London within less than a week. When the father of the Earl of Airlie who fell in South Africa last Monday died, it is said ?that the drummer did not sound his drum. It may be true. Perliaps he has not beaten it on this occasion. But the coun tryside will not be denied their ghost, and it may be that we shall soon hear that the spectral drum was heard at Cortachy the day before the gallant cavalryman fell in South Africa.— 'Daily Mail.' .Next winter you will Baden-Powell on the light fantastic toe. Just as your mq diste once decreed a 'Dolly Yarden'' and now ordains a 'C.I.V.' so your dancing master is' now going to prefbribe the 'Baden-Powell' Schottische.' That is the outcome of a light fantastic patriotic im pulse of Mr. W. J. Blacklcy, of Lanark. His , achievement was crowned yesterday with laurel as the first prize awarded by the British Association of Teachers' of Dancing. ''Partners side by side; gent, takes lady's left hand in his right— eight bars,'-said Mr. Blacklcy to a 'Daily Mail' representative. . 'Stqis like a barn dance. Then rotary movement a la pas de quatre — eight bar?. Simplicity itself,, you see. just try it.' ''Why Baden-Powell?' 'Oh. because we have 'Rule Brita-nnia' in tlie music— Herr Ivins has composed it and put several patriotic airs into it. Besides, it was the relief of Mafekiug that suggested it. to me.'' The Association has risen to the spirit of the hour, for it has awarded the annual blue ribbon for square dances to Mrs. Theacker, of Sheffield, for her dis covery -of 'Britannia, la tribute,' a sup planter, of the indecorous kitchen lancers aud the - belated quadrilles of to-day There is a new' and patriotic opportunity for chaperons, due to Mrs. Theacker's energy.— 'Daily Mail.' Are. bees getting scarce (a?ks thr English ''Fruitgrower') '! Weii, some say that they are, and that 'a large number are wantonly destroyed by lads in rural districts, who look u]-on anything that stings- as a pest, and a pest that should 'be 'annihilated. The bee is one of the bo'fc friends that the fruitgrower has. It is curious to remember that until recent years few growers were aware of tlit: great -work that iva-* done by thi: bees. It would be a bad day for the fruit men if the welfare of these myriads of ceaseless workers was jeopardized. The continued destruction of wild birds, bees, and toads is a slur upon the intelligence and humanity of the English villager. rrom Mr. 1. risher inwm, London, has come to us the fir^t of a series of four re productions of leading pictures in the Paris Salon jthis year. The selection is evidently good: and the printing, oi ar; paper, is in the best style oi tlie eminen; luuse from which it emanates. The four parts, when bound together, should' form n bountiful souvenir of the Salon in Exhibition year. The Religious Tnic-t Society has si'iit to us a parcel of its well-known serial publica tions for July. The mere mention of suoh magazines as 'The Leisure Hour,' 'The Boys' Own .Annual,' 'The Girls' Own Annual,' and 'The Sunday at Home'* is a sufficient recommendation of their, quality. Tn connection with the prcmitf-s . now being erected in Mornhett-strect for the Adelaide Ice and Cold-storage Company, Mr. W. J. Purvis, who is supervising the work, on Saturday received a telegram from his principals suiting that the Melbourne municipal authorities had decided to instal the 'Hercules'' machine in their new works iu Flinders-street. As the Melbourne works are among the largest, of their kind in the Australian Colonies the Adelaide Company feel very gratified at their decision to adopt the same class oE machine as is to be used m Morphett-street. 'Remnant Week'' at Birks' Sale is quite a well- known institution, and forms a grand opportunity for economical buyei-s of Drapery to secure genuine bargains. The remaining stocks of Mantles, Jackets, Capes, 'Waterproofs, and Millinery are al treated in the same fashion, and are offered at nominal prices in preparation for the stocktaking on the 31st. n201'7c AMATEUR OARDEXERS.— Don't fail to read .Tuly 'GARDEN AND FIELD.' Fulj directions for'Traininir Vines in Home Garden, with 14 illus trations. .How to Raise Ducks, Orpington Fowls. Garden Notes. U«-ful Articles. Gd. a copy; 5/0 a year. Address, Grenfell-street, Adelaide. nlS3rawfc 