The Course of the War THE SITUATION AT MAFEKING. [By GEO. C. CRAIG, Sydney.] Public attention is just now directed as much upon Mafeking as upon the reconquest of South-eastern Free State hy Lord Kitchener, or Sir Leslie Rundle. Ic is high time it was relieved, even though Baden Powell has frequently said the garrison was "cheery" and "all right." But press and private letters have come through and reached London, from which it is gathered that it may be cheery, but the state of the people does not seem to be all right. If the troops and people, like those of Ladysmith, can hardly stand from horse stew and mule soup, the hitherto strong fortifications can be no longer strong, if skeleton heroes only man them like the ghosts of Elsinore. The defeat of the gallant Colonel Plumer within six miles of Mafeking, and which must have been a desperate advance on the Colonel's part, shows that the Boers are still in numbers. Plumer indulged in daring tactics to deceive Snyman, by threatening Zeerust, then encamping at Pitsani, and by counter- marching, almost succeeding in entering Mafeking. The situation at Mafeking is serious, unless Colonel Drummond or Lord, Chesham come out of the bush laud with their joint Hying columns and suddenly ride up (he streets of Mafeking, without being " too late, too late." , The siege began on October 13th, and its duration is now about the longest on record. A month ago Lord Roberts wrote the gallant defender to hold out until the Queeu's.Birth day. It is not long to that date now, and the chances are that " Bobs " will keep his word, despite the efforts of Kruger or Snyman. With the promise of thus early relief hy the G.O.C. .in South Africa, Baden Powell and his gallant defenders will fight to the last man, for the Boers will no doubt seek to gain a success by desperate storming, before May 24th. Vryberg, the capital town of Bechuanaland, has yet to be captured. It is a strong Boer stronghold on the west, 145 miles north of Kimberley. It was deserted by the Cape Government, Major Scott killing himself, by the degradation. Mafe- king is the chief town of Bechuanaland, the junction of trade with the native interior, along the Molopo River, 10 miles west of the Transvaal border, with good roads to Rusten burg, Johannesburg, and Pretoria. It is 870 miles from Capetown and 230 from Kimberley, by railway. It was always a busy little town, a good strategic point in the present war, and the station of the Border Police Force, chiefly recruited from the loyal Cape Dutch and the British volunteers. Besides its splendid CC. it is defended by Hore's Cavalry, 200 Cape Mounted Rifles, the B.S.A. Mounted Police, 100 Volunteers, a Town Guard, two 7 pounders, and 6 Maxims. It was reinforced just before Cronje appeared with several heavy guns, three field guns of the Kimber- ley Artillery, more Mounted Police, some Imperial Mounted Infantry-the Bechuana- land Rifles. Baden-Powell defeated the Boers on October 14tb, 24th, '27th and 31st. Mafeking soon became a place of sorties, assaults, train affairs, redoubts, sand- bag batteries, bomb proofs, cover collars,forts and lines of entrenchments-lines of defence which up to date have defied both Cronje and Snyman. Baden-Powell is far away from his military base, but being a man of wonderful resource and versatility, Long Toms, pom-poms, nor fierce assaults have not made an open door for the Boers to enter. The defence of Mafeking, however, has caused the loss of many valuable lives, whilst the third attempt of Plumer to relieve it has been disastrous, the Colonel himself being wounded. The line of Mafeking trenches is rather jagged, with redan and redoubt fortifications. Ic is longest from east to west, the railway line traversing it, whilst the Molopo River runs through it from the north-east to south-west. Ou the west side of the defences we hold Cannon kopje, commanding by its gun fire the railway entrance, and two strongly posted Boer forts. On the north B.P. has erected strong and well placed posts with guns and steady riflemen. The Boers have their main camp on the north-west, with batteries run- ning east on high hills to a round fort. On the eastern side of the town we have well designed redans, capable of inflicting a killing cross fire upon any body of assaulters. Inside our works are women's laager, hospital, convent and cemetery, all of which were savagely bombarded. The native laager or village is on the western side, with Cannon kopje and brickfield trenches protecting it. The town and business places lay more to the south side ; the streets, etc., being open to constant bombardment; the men. women and children being up to all sorts of cover, even living beneath the streets. The Boer maiu camps are known as the N.E, corner camp, the gun camp on the south, the E. camp with a battery on its right, a b-guu battery on the west firing the native village and up the lines of street, the S. hill battery of 5 guns, with Snyman's camp at the N.E. corner, and two batteries on its left. Two combats have taken place on the northern front-October 25th and November, 7ih-another in front of Cannon kopje on October 31st, two on the southern front on October 17th and 27th, and one battle near the cemetery on October 14th. The Boers got the worst of it in all these battles. In one sortie only to take some guus in new position was Baden-Powell obliged to retire without scoring. The splendid defence still exists, and the flag is kept flying. The Boers left their western laager last week, hut only to swell the columns gathered by Snymanrto block the advance of Plumer aud look out for Drummond. They also left their laager on the south-east, where Sergeant Page, of the Cape Police, did some daring mine wire cutting and counter- mining. Here we must wait and admire the continued heroic defence of Baden-Powell and his troops till May 24tb. It is reported that Drummond has passed Vryburg, 100 miles south of Mafeking. As it is a mounted force, with gunB, and having marched steady, it should be at Mafeking by the end of this month. All regret the wound of Plumer. 