COMMENT. (Br X.Y Z.) A conciliation committee is not an unmixed blessing at the present moment. There are some lovers of tho beauty of abstact theory who ob ject to war 'on principle.' Principles are very respectable things to have but they occasionally lead their owners into ridiculous situations. A too rigid adherence to principles led the eminent Mr. Pickwick to some of the most foolish of his archselogical discoveries. Applied to nations principles un temper ed by practice often lead to bankruptcy of national honour. There is always a peace at any price party. But peace at any price is an expensive luxury. The leaders of several religious denominations in England are no doubt professionally pledged to peace, but one is inclined to doubt if they have at all a unanimous following even amongst thosewith whom they are most nearly connected. No doubt, too, there are those in England to whom the danger of creating an Irish question in South ' Africa appeals with considerable force. Most people, however, will agree that the j present is hardly the time to speak of conciliation. Conciliation committees will have plenty of scope in a few months time in conciliating the Boers to British supremacy. Conciliators have a pretty bad time when there is only one party to conciliate. At present there are two. One fancies the conciliating business would have to to be worked with considerable energy to induce England to abandon the contest, while the honor of her' arms is in doubt. It seems likely that the provincial Governor will soon be as the pelican howling in the wilderness. He is 'ware ' of one that on him moves, in shining golden' armour, starry clear.' In other and more prosaic words, he awaits the advent of a Governor General. It is generally understood that the gold-lace and titles of this functionary will throw the unfortunate State Governor into the cold. No more will he be ' the cynosure of neighbouring eyes.' No longer will all the nicest copy his neckties and imitate the walk of Pall Mall pave ment. He will be reduced to asking people ' who are not really in it, you know'; and we fear that blue and white tickets will be beyond the range of his legitimate ambition. For all the nicest will be in Bathurst — when Bathurst becomes .the Federal Capital. The galaxy of talent -will circle round the Imperial Pole- star- — it is whispered a star of royal blood. So the world wags, and every fresh invention throws some deserving persons out of employment. Who would have thought the stress of competition would have reached Governors 1 Yet it seems it will be so, and many who have grown grey in the service will have to adapt themselves to some other walk of life. In some cases the secretaryship of a golf club ?will be thankfully accepted; and for some who have thoroughly learnt the art of saying nothing an opening might be found on the leader staff of some metropolitan dailies. All changes do harm to some one, and per haps the State Governor runs a risk of becoming extinct altogether, like the Moa and other interesting animals. That would be rather serious thing to contemplate. I believe there is only one bison left in North America, and if that sort of fate is likely to overtake our State Governor s, Cecil Rhodes should be advised to capture a few for his collection before they become ex tinct ! What the public appreciates is live and up-to date journalism. News in a nutshell is their pet aversion. ' Tell me the story often,' sings tho plain tive public, ' that you may take me in.' The newspaper man knows that well enough and hopes to be heard for | his vain repetition. Journalistic virtue consists in the number of columns that can be filled with scare heads. Occasionally they only put the scare without the head. More often, how ever, you get the head without the scare. Judging by the stuff they send the available war correspondents are the most pacific crowd that ever set foot on a battlo field, and they handle their military vocabulary with kid gloves. They evidently imagine the public detests anything exciting. The art of saying the same thing seven times over in the same looue lilUOlf UD a- YUljr UliUUUXU one to learn ; but it is evidently highly appreciated. Of course you cannot expect high art of that kind except from the prir.ces of the the profession and to learn it I am afraid the young aspirant would have to go to — say Sydney ! Another thing the public greatly likes is j pictures,, but the beginner must care fully avoid making them like the things they misrepresent. The public likes j to have a picture of the Melbourne Cup winner, and it does not in the [ least object if the background shotvs tho Randwiek racecourse. A military procession, hot from tho camera is delightful, and even if the ladies some times appear to be -wearing hats made in '75 it detracts little from the value of the illustration. Some young be ginners label their drawings ' This is a cow ' or ' this is a colonel.' The public don't like that. Tlioy prefer to puzzle things out for themselves. Of course little discrepancies unavoidably creep in, especially if Hie reporter is not running in double harness with the kodakker. In that case the ' vehicles of every description ' that with the crowd of 'gigantic propor tions' 'block up the whole spacc' may Jjhappen to be loft out. Littlo things like that please the public im mensely, and they suppose the camera man has been snap-shotting ghosts — or . other tilings of that sort. | 