I j )PEHSON A III TIES. Quoen Marie Amelio of Portugal enjoys tho distinotion of being the first woman of Royal birth who has aoquirod tho honour able right to plaoo the letters M.D. after her name. The tallest member of tho English Bar is TVfr r>nTZrnvfl lufinao (Ilnfon<4 1 mi ntk I « — " nwwnu AUllg VAX Aoauuco It height of six feet six inohes. He playfully speaks of hiinsolf as the 'greatest Ooward at tno Bar.' One of tho shortest barristers is Dr. Ball, who reaoheB Ii'tle higher than Mr Coward's watoh chain. Sir John Tcnniol, who many years ago lost the sight of ono of his eyes through his passion for fonoing, is said to have borne this torriblo disaBtor not only with fortitnde but with oheorfnlnoss. In answor to tho oondolonoes of a friond tho artist said, with on almost grim faoetionsness, ' At any rate, I shall bo less oonoeitod in futnro, beoause a lot of 'P has boen knooked ont of me.' Maarton Maartons, tho Dutoh novelist, who 1b known among his own people as J. M W. Van do Poorton Sohwartz, is a barrister by ednaation and a landowner of largo fortnno, living in the picturesque Oastlo of Zuylostoin, hotwoen Utreoht and Arnhoim. It is a oharauteriatlo Dutch oastlo, bnilt'many centuries ago, and has so many traditions of ghost that only a man withont imagination would f sol at homo in It. The honee is famous as ono whioh Quoen Mary's Prinoe of Orango frequently visited, and the Ring William rooms aro tho pride of tho owner, and havo been fitted up with NasBan-Orango relios. Wherovor Miss Rhodos iravols throughout 'tho Dark Continent,' she is tho centre of the most lavish hospitality, and many of the English visitors to Bulawayo during tho fostivitioB oonneotod with tho oponing of tho railwav still snoak with thA nrontAAf. enthusiasm of the manner in whioh sho entertained, almost in tbo hoart of Afrioa, suoh a largo nnmber of guosts. Hor brothor's beautiful homo, Grooto Sohnur, a tew miles from Capo Town, is ono of tho most hOBpitablo homos in tho world, and it is_ thoro that Mr Rbodos is always soon at hie best. During hisreooptions ho drops tho rolo of politician and empire bnilder, and genially plays tho part of tho oonntry gontlo- man' and tho generous host. Somo curious details are publlshod regard ing the meals of tho German Emperor. William II. is tho first Eing of Prussia who has ever visited his kitohen. At ordinary timos tho Imperial Family havo three meals a day. Tho Emporor prefers substantial dishes. For his breakfast lio has coffee, tea, eggs, beefsteaks, and voai or mntton outlets; for lunoh he has soup, different kinds of moat, with vegetables, and roasts and Bwoets. The Emperor and Empress like to have guoets almost regularly to lnnoh. Dinner takes plaoo at fivo or six o'clock, or on spooially formal oooasions at aoven. This is tbo most luxurious and elaborate meal of the day, and is served on gold and silver plate. The Emporor always has a plato of oold meat shortly boforo retiring to rest. Lord Wolseloy is almost as devoted to the pen as to tho sword, and if he had not been fated to bo a field -marshal he would beyond question have been a man of letters. He rises early in the morning to writo, and Ms offloial duties only commenoo when a pile of MS. testifies to Ma industry with the pen. For some time past he has employed a num ber of oopy ists in making extracts for him in arohivea of Venioe. Oronborg, with its magnificent views' and exhilarating air, is tho favourite home of the Empress Frederiok of Germany. Here she oan lead tho simple, nnoBtentatious life whioh she loves bast. Every Sanday she may bo seen in her favourite yellow phaeton driving into Hombnrg, whero she always attends servioe at the English ohnroh. She is mnoh beloved in the diatriot of Hombnrg as woll for her unaffeeted amiability as for her large, if discriminating, oharity. Tho Marq.uoss of Bute is possibly more than anv British neer tho architect of Ms own fortune. It is estimated that his fortune, if oonvertcd into gold, would represent a weight of at least eighty tons of bullion, and would require for its transport the utinoBt strength of fifty of his horses. His income may safely be estimated at £2,000 a day. Add to this sixteen titles, besides dignities in numerable, and five lordly pleasure houses, and it will readily be acknowledged that the Marquess haB reason to think himself among tho blesBsd of tho earth. Oardiff has boon to Lord Bute the source from whioh luoky millions have flowed. it is interesting to note that no fewer than six of tho Queen's children and grand children have ohosen July as their wedding month. The ill-fated Prinoess Alios was married on the 1st of tho month ; Prinoess Christian on the Sth; the Dako of York on the 6th ; Prinoess Maud on the 22nd ; Prin oess Beatrioe on the 23rd; and Prineess Louise, Dnohess of Fife, on the 27th. Maroh appears to rank next to Jnly in royal favour, tor in this month tho Prinoe of Wales, the MaroMoness of Lome and tho Dake of Oonnaught began their wedded lives. Bis horses, straining every nerve and splendidly ridden by some of tho 'oraok jookeys of Amerioa, raoed Bwiftly round a Nevada trook somo little time ago and oame down the atretoh in magnifioent style. Of the three leading horses the last was ridden by a woman, who, sitting astride her Bteed, plied her whip and spur in masterly style, and clearly outrode hor competitors. The woman was Mrs Bagwill, a native of Nevada, who is probably the only female jockey iu the world. Hor experience as a jookey has not been very extonsivo, bnt of tho five raoes in whioh she has ridden, twioo haB her horso come in a winner, and never has she been outside a ' plaoo.' Mrs Bag- will is twentv-fonr Years of aire and has been married for five years. To fall from an altitude of 10,000ft. and dnring the fall to write a note to the effeot that ho was. ' dying oontentedly, having reaohed his term,' is tho unique exporienoe of an Italian aeronaut. The Vienna cor respondent of the 'Dailjr News' desoribes tho fall. Signor Merighi asoended in his balloon to the height mentionod, at Graz, in Styria. Tho balloon burst suddonly and tell. At a distanoe of about forty feet from the earth Signor Merighi throw himself ont of the oar. He broke ono leg, and was takon up unoonsoious, but living, and taken to a hospital. He states that at tho height of 3,000 metres the balloon suddenly swelled to an enormons sizo, and though ho im mediately opened the ventilator, it bnrst with a tremendous crash, and was rent opon from top to bottom. It formod, howover, a kind of dome, whioh sorved as a parachute, in tho tremendous fall that followed. 