OUR SUNBEAM BOOKSHELF. *'A good book and a loving friend Are sunbeams ever wiiil life's end." ' SHELF III. ESSAYS OX "THE INFLUENCE OF BOOKS" (Continued). Here are the essays held over from last week:— MAY DAWSOX. Influence, literally "a. flowing- in*' of power from so mo ill ID^ outside ourselves. How can printed pages, thumbed and finj?er marked, read in season and out of season, have any power over the actions of living men and women y In those printed pages are revealed to the tbou^btul, earnest reader ihc fclings and characters of the authors. Tlie boots arc a part of the writers themselves, often the best part, for, though, a man may not live up to his ideal, he may write about it, and tell his-readers what his ideal is, that lbcy, in turn, nuty have tlieir own thoughts and aims purified and strengthened. Each writer expresses some of his individuality in his work, and accordingly as his aims and motives are pure or otherwise, so will the influence he that is exerted, often unknowingly, upon the readers. Just as a good book iviil in some way have a power for pood, so will a bad book have power for evil. It is difficult to draw a hard and fast line between the two, for books, like people, are of sucli mixed varieties, that-it is often hard to distinguish the true from the false. Among much chaff vre may find a. few grains of wheat, an^J then the question arises whether the wheat was v.ovlh the trouble of threshing for, or whether tiie chaff has not done us more fiami by getting in our eyes ar.d ears mentally, and impairing our taste for wheat when found. In spile of all the drawbacks of trashy books, and time wasted on them, we one much to the an of literature. Books widen our outlook, diJepen our sympathies. ml scir i up generally -- bv bringing us in contact with i ^ ^ S H ^ ^ e n S s o\'°t people. It is not to be wondered at tbat cruelty, sttpersfition. and narrow- mindedness abounded. When people had no means of knowing, except by vague rumour, what went on in the v. orld outside their own small corner of it, how other folia lived and stroggled and conquered ;wiicn they could learn nothing definite of the discover}- and hisiorv of other lands and nations; when their tliouglits and feelings were uncultured and uncontrolled, and tliev spent their leisure time in idle of tlieir 'neighbours, or the time-honoured ghost, for want of something better to talk about. was it any wonder that mobs were so easily roused te riot and disturbance over very small matters? From tlie Book of books itself, dm™ to the clieap pamphlet of to-dav. there emanates from every kind some degree of power, that helps to mate the world better or worse. There is the book of travel, that introduces us to foreign lands and peoples; ihc sricntific work, thai leads tis S r a ^ t t ^ r a & K ^ . ^ cu a i- tivatcs our intelleoi; and. most widely read of all, there are the sicries cf the lives of human beings, ih:-.t help tis to forgrt cur o-.vn troubles in sympathizing with, others. ' Tile degTee of influence is not regulated only by the writers, but aiso by the amount ol attention bestowed by ihe readers. One may, by reading too many, even of good books, acquire a supetiicial knowledge that is uot. lasting. If we allowed a good book more time to do its worn ir. our minds, and devoted more care, to. the cultivation of impressions received, we might gain more good' from one book well read than from half a dozen carelessly read, gnd little remembered.—599 words. 