AND MACQUAHI r. ADVOCATE 08DH/ATZ0N 88BVI0B. On Sunday morning the Bishop ol Batb tuft raised the Bens. A. T, Beaton and P. de Laura Husgrove to the July order of the priesthood. The event was unique in the historyof the Church of England In I Onbbpi and tor* the-flrst time the people had the opportunity of seeigg one of the asset beautiful, yet simple and solemn, ser vices of theohurch. Brery available seat «M ©coupied, while wrapt attention and 4m revercnia marked the conduct of the -*a»t congregation'throughout the service. .The candidates were presented by the Ex amining Chaplain, Mr. F. Trace/. After fhe reading of the Goep®} in the^eijice of Holy "Communion, there followed the ex amjaatiatt of the candidate! by the Bishop; > theactoffche laying on of hands then took place. '<Thi priests joining with the BUhop were the Ber. Archdeacon Wilson, the Bm F. Tracey and E. -H-Lea. The aoeoial Ariaoherf or the occasion was the Bfohwrdomestia chaplain, the Ber. E. B. lea. We append an extended report of the aermont- * . Taking for his text St. John^xx, 81, <. As my Father hath sent Me, even eo | send I yon," the rev. gentleman said «? Could anything be more simple than this aoene in the npper room ? Ten men gathered together in the evening, cluster ing round their friend and teaoher, as He gireB them Hia peace and bids them carry on their work. But as we gaxe still deeper we ask,1 oonld anything be more wonder ful?' He who stands there was crucified three days ago -, all Jerusalem saw Him die. Bven to-night He has come through closed doors, whispering His strange sweet mes sage of peace. And now He tells them-of ffi, mifision from the Father, and of His power to bestow that mission upon them. Is this faaoinating scene an old 1 world fable f What has history to say of it f History tells us that He* who stood there was the Son of God, that those men went forth from that upper chamber simple fishermen of Galilee, without influence, wealth or soienoe, preaohing a Christ risen again, yet that their preaching and teaching transformed the world. Could anything be more simple than the gathering together this morning F We have sung our well-known hymn, we have listened as' we have listened before to a message from God through His minister. We are abont to sing the beautiful Litany, every word Of which is familiar; then we shall join in the solemn servioe of the Holy Communion, at a certain point in j which two men will be asked questions and then be solemnly eat apart for the ministry; after which*~w# shall partake together of the . wonderful Sacrament, i Could anything be more simple P A j Litany, a promise, a gift, a communion. I And yet as we gaxe Btul deeper we aak,- ! ' conld. anything be more wonderful f A message-Qod speaking to us through .human Hps. A Litany-our prayers rising tip to Ihe throne of Sod. A promise weak frail men, promising to do the will of Jod.and to help others to do it. A gift-the Holy Spirit, who in the olden time came with the breath of the Christ, now cornea through the laying on of hands, A communion -Heaven and earth joined ; ttiiu feeding on angel's food, and rising as j in the strength of that food to go through .the desert of .daily lift: Test bnt is it only fancy? Arethey, these things of beauty of #hibh you speak, are they dreams of the preaoher ! Are they beauti ful bubbles, at once collapsing before the cold brefcth of common sfiftse ? 'These are praising .question*, and from , the very nature bf my subject I mnst answer at least one Of them. This priesthood of the Chnruh 61 England, what is it t The papers said yesterday that two raea were to be ordained priests in Oubbo Church to-day. The service is called the ordination of prints. What does it .mean? Are our olergy priests f We thought that this title only belonged to the clergy of another communion. Beloved, we must not evade -the question. We must answer it fully and fairly, and tell you clearly that the Churoh to whiohyou belong . recognises -tbiee oaiers lu her Ministry-bishops, ftriests add deacons. Neither must we ear to use .this wod.jandorfways take refuse in the alternative title of minister. We must not be afraid yat, because it hit been abused, because an educated man uses his education for wrong ends; I must not take: my children from school because others attach a wrong meaning to the word priest; I mnst not. banish it from ay lips, rather must I understand precisely ,-whattI umean by it. "Therefore, behold, let us - learn that there is only -one true priest, Jesus Christ onr Lord, Him self the victim, and Himself the priest. Let us remember there 4| only one true Apoetle, ..Jesus, the one who* was ..sent. 'Let us not forget that thereis only one bread of. life, . one healer.tftf'-man's sores and; ihfirmities. But evenj*B 1 I ponder over this truth, I know that'tbsgieat-hflaler uses others to work for. Him! lgo into the hospitals and ass the fever patient, tossing. in -deUriam, calmed by the physician's cure. X eee the sufferer from ^accident. eased by : the surgg)>h>< *kil]l-^uidi l rreme^sber his care anafeaWllNjomes 'from the Great Healer through, the hands of the doctors. Again, I .know that He" iB the Bread of . Lite, yet I sea my daily.bread coming to me through.the hands bf many others, the baker, the miller, and the farmer. So in spiritual things. He is the apostle, but He appointed apostles to cany on IBs work. Me is the True Bishop, bnt He has ooasec rated Bikhops: to khepmrd'the«ouls . of men. He is tbe'T^rne Priests but in His, Church He has ordained that thoreehall be men ohoaen by Him, and chosen by His * people to carry on His -priestly work. Tea I my brothers, this is your great mes sage. He speaks to you as thongh there were none' beside, ' As my Father hath aent me, evensossAdl^ou.' ' Hath sent me t* These words lightup the whole of the incarnate.eye. He biar me think of what he did on this earth of ours. Picture after picture passes through my mind. I .ee Him taking little children into His arms and blessing them, teaching the eager listener, feeding the multitude, ^1 the leper,' blessing through His life the perfect aacilfioe in His death. 19iia'then:is^ottr work for the future! Vlhs samework that the Father sent Me to dp, the aamewMkeend I-you to do,' Tou wiurt take little tfhddren into your arms in the moment of their baptism, and lift them upto Him to be kissed with His kiss, to re ceive tha breath 6t llfe, to become living souls. Tou must teach the eager listening multitude 6t that whlohalons can satisfy them, theGhriktdf 'GtSaOiwpSl, the same yesterday, to-day, ^and for ever. You must feed the hungry multitude, you must not let them go faintangAway, you must feed them with his food, that they may be strengthened and mfrwhed. Tou must move amongst nian,and hy the attraotion - «f your sympatl^^u inttst .touoh thMr woes and new.' Tou must help them as they oome to yoUi With their nalf hidden leprous eor*a, not because of your learn ing, not because yeu are better, bnt because' you 'apeak the message of your . Master. * Be thou clean.' Tou must walk with men along the high way of litec«n4 as they are Minded by its dtut, deafened by its din, end wounded by the stones, you most restore their sight, open tliair ears, and heal the woande. This, my brothers, is your worlc.this your mission, ' Aeiny Father hath sent me, even eo eend I you. Inho hare behind me the eternal power of the Godhead. I send you to carry on my work. Here and now I »y to you through the Uh if my chief pastor, 41 Beeeive ye , the ' Holy Ghost, in Hi« strength go forth. IWnt not nor fear, His anna are near." That Christ is all in all to thee.' And yon beloeed.what is your workf To etand idly by, to gare, to critieue, to admire ? Bemember you'too are prieets. Though *e may not ell be i doctors,: yet we can help and heal; we I may not be . called to the order of prieefc hood, yet we can n^ork for the Highrriest." People of Dnbbo, what are you, doing for the Great Head of the Chnrchp What are you giving toyour prieateF Tou give them financial aid. Tou encourage them in«ny work they originate. Well! But /jgive them of yonr prayers P But give them of your sympathy. . Give . them, of your .work, your co-operation, eo that priest and: people working together, the work of Christ may go forward in this parish and in this diocese, till the evening of our life shall be reached, and on the great Sunday morning of Eternity we may eaoh one of us hear Him say,' Well done, thou good and faithful servant, enter into the joy of the Lord.'" The musical part of the service wa« ably rendered by the choir.. The litany was intoned by the Bev. £. H. Lea, with choral responses, th« musical setting of the "Veni Creator" being tbe same as that used in fork Minister. Dr. Camidge wa? the preacher at the j evening service, when every available seat iu the church was occupied. The seven ! clergy present took part in the service. Miss Haseltine gave a very beautiful ren dering of the sacred solo," The Holy City." The text was taken from Kings 19th chap ter, 4th verse. Want of space does not permit-of us giving a fall account of the sermon. 