The Wolf's Mouth.! CHAPTER IX. TUB FLOWER — SAFETY, With a deadly coldness, a sinking as into deep waters, Jocelyn camo out of her (loud faint. She ?started up, stiring round her with wild eyes, only to sink back again dumbfounded. Had hor fright of tbo gray beast been all a dream like her thougbt that Gien Farm was empty and deserted P For the fire-light glowed on thoroughly plastered nulls of the commonnlaco kitchen where she lay on on the floor, two rush armcbairB stood by the hearth, some sowing lay on the scoured deal table beBide a pair of tallow candles, and Molly Moore, fresh as morning in her print gown, was bending ovor her. In the firnlight and hor own faintneBs, Jocelyn could not see that tho otter girl's face was whito ?with apprehension ; nor did she sea a man, who stood behind tbe table-, divided between pity and annoyance. ' Tho. dog — whore is tho dog P' she mattered, her great eyes ou Molly Moore'a face that waB bo strangely ashen. 'He gone; he was only our farm dog,' Molly answered, with something in hor voice that might have bean relief. ' Here, drink this,' ho mode Jocolyn swallow some whisky, and tho taste of it brought everything back to her. Tho sat up, her bat fallen from her coils of dead leaf bair, and looked straight at Molly Mooro. ' What did you come here for alone at night P' tbo latter Baid, quickly, in obedience to' a sign from tho man behind Jocolyn. 'I'm Borry our dog frightened you, bub it wbb your own fault.' The blood flashed into Jocelyn's cheeks. 'I same because I had to,' she said proudly, ' and it wasn't for your sake, bub for Mr. de Burgh's. You had better get him out of tho way. Hugo de Burgh is going to raid this place and tho whisky atill to-morrow night.' ' What do you mean P There's no Mr. do Burgh horo. Is tho girl crazy ?' Tbo man had stopped forward, and for a moment Jocelyn stared at him. Then she remembered that ho must bo Molly's brother, and thab it was ho who had taken her father from a living do»th. 'Hush Byran, don't frighten her I' Molly oried ; but' Jocelyn's face had hardened. ' ' Ho can't frighten mo aftor to-night,' she said, ?'Whon I've come up horo alono, and mot — you know what' — significantly—' ' on tho way I' Molly Mooro shivered. ' You mot Wolf, and camo on P' incredulously. ' I had to come,' simply. ' Thero was no ono else, and what I hoard I had to let you know.' But Molly had shut her eyes ob if tho vision be fore them wbb intolerable. It mode her Bhiver to think of tho girl alono and in tho dark. How had she terrified tho uncanny guardian of Glon Farm to make him oomo scratching at tho window to bo lat in like a whippod Bpaniel P ' What business is it of yours, and who aro you P' Bryan Mooro said, angrily. ' There oro no distillers here, and no do Burghs, I'll have you know. What do you mean by your crazy warn ingsP' I ' To-morrow night will Bhow you what I moan. Sho jumped and facod him, her blood hot. 'As for who I am, take mo to Mr. Richard do Burgh and I'll toll him 1 It's no business of yours.' ' Who is Richard de Burgh P' But hia surprise at hor knowledge showed in his honest, handsome faco. ' Why don't you look for him at OaBblo do Burgh if you say thoro is such a person P' ' Hugo is ab Castle do Burgh.,' she said, slowly, and with suoh meaning that his distrust of hur somehow faded. ' And Hugo knows ho i6 hero.' Moore's colour ohanaod a littlo. 'What aro you to, Hugo de Burgh P' ho asked, bluntly. ' And why should you oomo out of his house to warn Molly and me that ho ia down on the ?distillers P Wo know that I' ' What nm IP I um his worst enemy,' Bhe answered, consideringly. ' I will ruin him for what I have hoard to-night.' Like a dull hot iron hor wrongs burned nt her heart ; her long ohlldhood of hard misery, hor father's nineteen yuaru in a living grave. ' Tulce mo te Richard do Burgh 1' sho criod out:, stamping her foot. ' And soy no moro about ornzy warnings. You know as well as I that raiding tho distillers is only a pretext. Undor covor of it thoy will get* Richard do Burgh and bake him baok to the asylum;' ' Hugo knows all about it.' «' How do you know P Did ho toll you P' with clumBy saroaRm. 'I listened'— sho was splotadid as she stood boforo him—' I was in tho next tootn, nnd I hoard them talking of me, and of Richard do Burgh. It Ib he I camo to boo j tako mo to him. Whut do I oaro for you and your disbillt-rs P' superbly. ' Why should you oaro for him P' Mooro said slowly. ' What , is ho to you— supposing thoro is .Buoh a person P' / ' Jooelyn put hor hand to hor throat# ' *' Ho is my father 1' sho anBwerod vory slowly,' very quiotly. ' I am tho child ho left with Miss JBarry;' Molly jumped to her brother's side. 'It's true!' Bho cried. 'God forgivo me, I thought Mr. Richard was mad whon ho said, tho day she was horo, that he'd soon ftghoat l It's.truth Bho speaks, Bryan ; tho poor soul know her that d%old your tongue 1' Mooro answered, sharply. 'HIb child never was to know sho had a'fahher, nor ovon hor own namo. And Bho and MIsb Birry wonb to Amorioa yoars ago.' Ho was torn in two with fear ot falling into somo top of Hugo do Burgh's, nnd with a growing boliof in tlie innocont, fearless oyoB in tho strungo girl a ' Amorioa 1' Hcornfully, ' who told you that P She livos in'London, nt fourtoon Ted worth Square, Oholsea.' Wlih n fow quick sontoneos sho pourod out all hor strango story, bub tho man still was onholioving. „ . , ' Swear,' ho Baid, sulkily, ' od tho Book that you'ro truo and honost, and no spy of Hugo do B Ho^took Molly's Blblo from a sbolf and hold it to hor, and Jocolyn, with a steady voice, took tho oath ho gnvo hor. But Uor oyos floahodaa sho looked up at him again. ... , , ' If I woro a liar, and what you think mo, what would oaths mattor to mo P' sho said. ' Think, inetuad, that I otolo out of tho houso and up horo In dark; think what lay in my road. IVould I havo braved that, to botray youP' Tho man for tlvo flrnt timo wan oonvinood. 'Forgivo mo, mlnn,' ho said, awkwardly, ' wo'ro hard beset up hore.' ' Thon tako mo to my father,' imporlously, 'Ho isn't horo, he's hid awnyj you'vo no timo if jou want to got baok to-night.' Timo— sho had forgobton it ! . She tnrned wildly to where a clock ticked on the wall 5 it wkb half-past seven, Mooro was right ; if she wbb to do any good to Richard de Burgh she must go home now. If her absence were discovered the BtupideBt roan nn earth would suspect her— and Hugo was not stupid! 'I mu3t go back !' thick tears of disappointment in her eyes. ' And I wanted to see him, They told me-I had no relations— Miss Barry and Martha ?—iiid I was so lonely, bo lonely I And now 1 must wait and wait.' Mooro nodded. ' It's no USD spoiling a ship Cor a ha'porth of tar,' be Baid, shortly. ' I'll see you back to Castle de Buriih, and I'll tell your father ? ' but there be hesitated. Richard de Burgh was chaffing now at being bidden away up here. What would be do if be knew that bis child, whom he bad trusted to Miss Barry, was alone in the midst of his enemies P 'No, tell him nothing.''^ Liko lightning Jocelyn had read his thoughts. 'Wait till this is over and things are quiet ; till I am come again. Let me tell him myself !' 'Tis best,' he answered, slowly. 'I'm obliged to you for coining, but you mu.t never try it again, after nightfall.' Ho took biB bat from a peg on tbe wall, Jocelyn caught Molly by tbo' arm. ' You believe me. You'll keep him safe for mo,' she brentbed. ' Oh ! think if it waB your father; if you'd ni'.ver known till to-day that you had a soul belonging bo you —if you found out, like mo, that even your name wasn't true.' ' We'll koep him safe — wby, it was Bryan who got him herel' Molly cried, impulsively. Then she threw hor arms round the girl and whispered I in her ear : ' Mr. Gilbert, ' she said so softly that her brother could not hoar hor, ' bo's not in it. ' He's aot like Mr. Hugo. Jocelyn was afraid to answer. In her own soul she wa9 certain that she would trust neither chick no child of Alice de Burgh's. ' Come, come !' she cried to Moore. ' Oh, it's I hard t- go, and yet I must,' her heart swelling with disappointment at the thought of tbo days that must go by before her father, who had been buried alive for nineteen ( years, could know that Bbo was near him. Moore' opened the door of the room, but first be put out tbe candle. In the dull glow ot the fire Jocolyn suddenly Baw why no ligbt had shone from the farmhouse. Tho room they wero in was not the kitchen whore Molly Mooro had fed her that morning, but a cellar without windows, ' Why do you sib hore, whore no light can Bhow P' sho asked, stumbling aftor Moore through a passage that slanted upwards. ' Lights mean ono thinir, darkness another,' ho retorted, ' There's one can soe both from where he is.' 'Then tc-morrow night there will be lightBp' breathlessly. ? ' To-morrow night,' ho repeated, grimly, ' thero will be lights. Look out I' suddenly, 'don't go thero !' Ho caught her by the arm in the dark, bub ho was boo Into. Thoy wore at tho foot of the collar stairs, nnd she hod passed in front of him and was standing vory near a half-open door. From it came tho sound of a chain run sharply through ita staple ; in the dark Bomething jumped out to the girl and just missed her. ' Stand back,' Moore shouted, angrily, ' he'll do on you ; j. cnumou mm tin yuu tvuru guuu. His band still on her shoulder, he would have jerked the urirl awoy. ' Don't touch me,' Bho Baid, Bwiftly. ' Lot him 1 be. He's licking my foot.' 'Move — jh, move I' Molly oried. 'You don't know how treacherous he Ib! I wouldn't go within the longth of bis chain for my life.' ' Yet you turned him out ono day to hunt mo,' Baid Richard de Burgh's daughter. ' Strike a light; let me Beo him.' Without a word Molly obeyed. Thorn was the gaunt, gray beast, crouched at the other girl's feet, trying to liok them, bb ho lay at the full length of his chain. His great fangs gleamed in the savage, slobbering jaw; he growled unooasingly, yet without menace. Jocolyn, before tho Moorep'could stop hore, bent down aud put hor bate hand cIobo to tho Bavage tenth. Instead of the snap, tho sickening crunoh they thought would come, the great, boast sniffed her hand oarefully, then fell to licking it. Bryan Mooro swore Boftly, under bis breath. ' I would havo said it was as much as your lite was worth to go near him. I never saw him kind boforo to any but mo, and Moriarty thatownB him.' Ho lookod at Jocelyn in amazement ; she wbb patting the brute as ho crept olose against hor. ' What havo you dono to him P' ho aBked, sharply. ' I don't know,' thoughtfully. ' I only know I that ho oould have killed me twice to-nighb, and ho didn't. Let him off the chain, and let him follow me home. What is he P' I ' He's half collie, half wolf. Moriarty bought bim from a menagerie because he was ao savage,' with awed wonder. Ho unfastened the great beast and Molly shrank baok from him, aa ho Bnarlod at hor. But Jocelyn stoopod and kissed tbo grizzlad head with a passion of gratitude. The greatest bar between her and the father Bhe would holp waB destroyed ; moro, was turned to a means of doliveranoe. Hor blood danced in her with pride and hopocas she went silently along the dark homeward way ; with Moore loading, and at her heel, with hiB nose thrust into her hand, the fierce thing that waB neither wolf' nor dog, Surely it was a good omen to havo con quered this terror that walked in tho darknoBB. At tho high road Bho touohod hor guide on the arm. 'Go back, I'm all right now,' she said, ' And first 1 must thank you ; some day, ploaso God, I'll repay you for what you'vo dono for my father. Tell me, why did you do ib P' 'Boo nuso I liked bim,' gruilly ; ho would not Bay that a Btono could not have soon suoh suffering unmoved. ' But you'll be oaroful, mieB, and ounny,' imploringly. „'Yoa won't do anything without telling me; and you won't bo going to and fro to my houso till thoy suspoot you P' - ' I'll not oomo again till you send for mo,', she anBwered, bravely, 'and not then if it isn't safe. But thoro are things I must toll my fathor ; Mrs. do Burgh baa a tmorob.' ' Ho says not,' Mooro interrupted. 'But I know,' coolly, 'ond when I know moro I'll toll you. Only you must trust me, tor I'm Riuhard do Burgh s daughter,' hor low voioo' proud. ' I'll trust you for more than that, for I never knew a liar that wob bravo to tho bono.' He turned aB he spoke, and was lost in tho dark, but his dog had to bo whistled for twico boforo ho would lanvo bho girl who had mastered him. Jocelyn's heart boat faBt as sho gainod tho sido door ; what abould she do if it woro lookod for tho night P Sho had no idea of tho timo such things woro dono at Castlo do Burgh. But tlio door gave to hor touch. With a broath of thankfulnossssho stood inBido tbo lightod pnBBago, and Baw tlio clock on tho wull only marked nine. Liko a homing pigeon sho flow to hor own room, and on tho turn of tho stairs stopped short. Lord Huntloy, of Hollyoross, was struight in front of hor, on bis way to Gilbort do Burgh's room. In hor damp olotboB, hor hat pushod book from hor forehead, she stood gazing at him, hor obooks soarlot from her walk. 'Good ovoniug— I'm not a ghost,' ho aa«d, lightly, 'you needn't look so frlghtonod 1' Jocolyn b heart was going like an ongino. Would ho toll thom downstairs that sho had boon out P Sho brought all hor oourage to hor lipa. 'You didn't frighten me,' aho said, quickly, 'only I had 'a hoadaoho and wont out in bho gnrdon insboad of eating my dinnor. And I didn't waub Miss do Burgh bo know, beoauuo it worrloa hor whon I don't oib. You boo, it'a uo hot nnd closoall day In Mrs, do Burgh's room.' ' Poor child, I fanoy it is,' ho returned, invol untarily. ' Woll, I won't toll s you can oonfoss your oirn Bins I Only you'd bettor havo soraothing to oat now, for you look awfully tlrod.' Jocolyn noddod. Tho maid who brought hor dinnor would not notioo till sho oamo to olaar uway whothor it bad boon eaten or not, nor mias hor nbBonoo, oinco oho waB of ton in Mrs. do Burgh'o room dinnorlonu till ton o'clock. .. But ao sho gainod hor own room, whoro tno dinnor waited undor ita oilvor covorD, aho l°o«oa about hor like n guilty bhing. , Ib had boon horrible to lie, looking otroight into Lord Huntley, a olear, klndoyou! {To lo cjntmued.) 