traveller. GHOSTS THAT WALK IN LONDON. When a ghost once appears in any house, district, or town, the fact is im mediately embalmed in print, the in habitants henceforth proclaiming to the world that their district is haunted. Such is the case with Hampton Court, Bucking ham Palace, and Marlborough House ghosts. Although they are described in detail in guide books, you will never see one, or even meet any person who has. But the Big Ben spectre has been seen by no less than fourteen people, and that quite recently. It appears in the shape of a Bhadowy, deformed old man, bending over a pair of motionless oars, as, seated in a worm- eaten skiff, it sweeps out from the Surrey side of the Thames, just like Westminster Bridge, glides without making a ripple over the inky Thames water, through the third arch of the bridge, and then dis appears into the stone wall of the House of Commons terrace as Big Ben groans the first note of midnight. Every time it has appeared Big Ben has chimed thirteen, the last stroke sounding like a long echo of the previous one. Every time it has appeared one of our Royal Family has died on the following day — namely, the Prince Consort on December 14th, 1861 ; Princess Alice December 14th, 1878; and the Duke of Clarence on January 14th, 1892. So that each of its three appearances has been made on the thirteenth of the month, and on each occasion Big Ben has struck that unlucky number. When it appeared on January 13th it was hailed by a river police boat, which happened to be passing at the moment. As no answer was given, the police gave chase, ana in tne aarxness on tne river and the heat of pursuit nearly wrecked themselves by dashing into the stone wall of tho Commons' ternicio. The affair was witnessed by a constable on duty on the terrace, and reported by him at Scotland Yard the following day ; but there the mattter stopped, a3 no lignt could be thrown on the affair. Of quite a different nature is the South Bolgravia ghost; in fact, he might bo called the guardian saint of married men who have been detained at their offices later than usual. The streets of this district of London are very confusing, even in tho glare of noonday. At night the most experienced explorer might be pardoned for losing his way. The reason is, according to the gentle men living in tnat part, cbat every eve- I nink between 11.30 and ono o'clock a ghostly artist, dressed in a soft felt hat ; and the approved artist's suit, collar, and ! tie, goes from street to street with a pot of paint, ladder, and huge brush changing the street names one with another. This ghost first began his nightly wan dering in December 1884. An artist had been over to Chelsea spending a jolly time with some friends. He did not enter his wife's room until three o'clock, and when 1 she demanded an explanation, averred that he had been wandering about tho streets since eleven, having lost his way. No. sane woman, could accept suoh an excuse, and the lady rose, dressed herself and, snatching up their" babjr boy, swept from the room never to rpturn. Her hus band waited three days for her, and when his lady called him on the fourth, she found him dead. He had taken poison. ' More romantic is the ghost of Chiswiok. This is the ghost of BarbaraVilliors, Duchess of Cleveland, one of, the most famous beauties of the court of King Charles II., who is said to haunt that fine old red-brick mansion on Chiswick M«.H known as Walpole House. On fine moon light nights, at uncertain intervals, the picturesque wraith of the Duchess ap- pears as she is represented in her portrait ' painted by the great Sir Peter Lely, but with haggard face and dull, dim eyes, wringing her hands, and exclaiming ' piteously to some invisible "persecutor, ' Give me back my lost beauty ?' It ap pears that this lady died at Walpole- House in. 1799, the sixty-ninth .'year of her age, of a dropsy that greatly disfigured her. Another distinguished ghost whioh in habits this quarter of London may be- seen in the old gateway on Richmond Green, which is all that remains of tho once magnificent palace of Richmond. This is tho uneasy grief-stricken spirit of Queen Elizabeth, who died at three o'clock on the morning of March 24th 1603, in another part of the building. It was in the turret chamber of this ancient gateway that Elizabeth heard the con fession of the dying Countess of Notting ham, who, on her deathbed, revealed her treachery in keeping back the ring which the Earl of Essex, under sentence of death, had entrusted to her to deliver to his Queen. The anger and remorse of the Virgin Queen when she heard how she had allowed her best beloved courtier to go to his death unpardoned caused her to rush forward and to shake the dying woman in a frenzy of passion crying, "May God forgive you, for I cannot !' Of course the Tower of London has its ghosts, but during the course of this «en- tury these have become very shy, refusing ; to show themselves. Possibly this may be attributed to the sixpence admission charged on certain occasions. It is hardlv to bo expected that tho self-respecting wraith of any historical personage will ; expose itself to the gaze of a Bank Holi- ' day public. Perhaps this is just as well, for the last appearance of a ghost in the Tower, which took place in January, 1816, resulted in the death of a sentry from a fit produced by pure fright. In this case the ghost took the form of a dark shadow in the shape of a bear', but it was known that the sentry had previously been n.ln.rmed by reports of the appearance of the ghost, of Sir Walter Raleigh in the vicinity of his station. The most terrible of London ghosts, - however, is that which has brought No. — , Berkeley Square, into eminonce amongst haunted houses. This partieu'ar house stands on the west side ot the square, and. is in no wise to be distinguished from its unornamental brick neighbours. Until recent years il was occupied only by care takers, and for a long period wore the- desolate and lugubrious appearance gene rally attributed to ghost-ridden residences. How the house acquired its unenviable repute it is hard to say, but it was suffi- - ciently notorious at one time to form the subjeet of a long discussion in the columns- of a well-known antiquarian magazine. This particular horror of the Berkeley Square ghost lay in the fact that its pre cise nature was never determined. It was a grisly ' something,' so terrible that those who beheld it never survived, to tell the tale of its horror, for they were found dead with every appearance of having died of sheer fright. It made its appoarance in a bedroom on the second floor one night, and the servant who had a glimpse of it was found dying on the floor in convulsions. A iamuy once living in tne House, too, were postered by uncanny noises, most of them proceeding from this particular room. The fiance of one of the daughters of the house, an unbeliever in ghosts, determined to sleep in the rootn and to discover the cause of the disturbing noises. He arranged that if he rang the bell once during the night, no one was to come to his aid, as he might merely be disturbed by some waking illusion. In the dead of nignt the bell was heard to give forth a light note. No oue stirred. The first ring was followed in a few seconds by a furious peal, and the alarmed household at once rushed to the room, where they found the poor fellow lying dead upon the floor. It seems only in keeping that Sainfc Paul's Cathedral should have a ghost, but tho fact that it appears dressed as a nun | shows that its education has been sadly | neglected. The cathedral was built long ; after all nunneries had been abolished, ! But every morning at two o'clock a black 1 form sweeps six times round the Whisper ing Gallery, and then, with a ghastly i shriek, springs through tke railings into the air. As any spectator waits to hear the smashing of bones upon the stones below, 't vanishes. The superstition con nected with it is, that should anyone i below try to save its fall by standing ready to catch it, he or she will die within the month. 