Tea Meeting, Ac., at Killawarra. - htosTEiBDjpl /♦.* warra tmSvedneaday last, in aidof^ncw AnglicanXhurch in that looality. There ; were about 1OT persons present and had. it not been for-an bburis heavy downpour of rain in die fore coon in that xicinitv, and the threatening look of .tbe Weather later on, lhave nojiesitation is paring tlmt the number would have beehdouble& ' The tables, -which were most beautifully laid out^^wmb -attdoded to by thcMlsses Mbore,,and Misses Bmith and Bird, ghosted byrMesan*. Barnes and Archie Moore . and Mr. James Smith; .. .. .u? : * In the evening the ball was filledto ita .utmost capacity, wnen tne , touowmg programme vwas rendered: — ausses Wright t-ond Chapman, overture r'Wri' James Allan, song;' 'BoldierB ofthe Queen' feueorerfj; Mr? Banner, song, 'My Bud to Heaven' Misses Wright and Mr. Allan, duett, 'Xafe'sDieamis O'er;' Miis May Chapman, song, 'Tired' (encored}; Miss Wrighh sbng,-' The Carnival;' Mr. Banner, song, 'Onlyf'Mr. X Allan,' *ong, 'Order of Friars Grey;' little Miss Aljn&'Gariick, eong, ^'Always Take Mother's Advice;' Miss Ully' Moore, piium. solo. The Rev. E. H. Wright gave two recitations, which were encored ; and Miss Rosie RichardHon sang ' Low at His' Feet,' and ' Under the (Shadow- of the Old Church,'- whiqb were also loudly encored. The reunion was a most Nucqpssful one, and vml long bo remembered by those who verb there.- , ? The . Frfedo Company, who ., visited Taree some little time ago, have soenrod tho Belmore Hall lor. January 1st and 2nd, 1901, when they will give an entirely new show, There is nothing .like looking ehoad! It is stated that Mr, N. Cain, of Wauehope, intends building a steamer for the Hastings River trade to carry tunher, etc. The appointment of Mr. A. Kendall as teacher, of ihe Stewart's River Provisional School, has been oonfinned. When, the Electra crossed in on Thursday . afternoon, the bar teaoons could not be picked up, on account of the glare of the son. On the breakwater there were a numberof empty jail way trucks in front of that beacon, which completely obBcnred it. The.sumof£600,000 hasbpensubsoribed for N. S. W. Treasury bilk looally— £830,600 riming ? tendered. ? , 