THE WMiD'S GREAT span. I (BY E. PHltsLHPS OPPENHElMJi ; I (Author or -Mysterious Mr- 6abln/?.= -.' As a- Man. ? 'lalvea,' 'A Daughter of the : Marlonis,' etc) ^ I BOOK III. I CHAPTER I.— THE 'HILARITY' STAR. A tall, broad-shouldered man, with a loose evereoafc barely concealing his evening clothes etood on the pavement opposite the Hilarity \- Tbeatre, readingUthe play-bilL It was eight o'clock, and the exterior of the place wae a perfect blaze of light-. A long stream of car riages and hansoms were setting down people, and there. being some rumor of a visit from Royalty, a strip of red drugget had been laid across the pavement from the stalls entrance. Several Dolicemen and commissionaires were very busy opening and banging doors, and shoutiag at the cabmen, who would drive off with their horses' heads in the wrong direc tion. Altogether, there wae a good deal of bustle.-* Bryan, who was standing with his hands thrust deep down in his coat pockets, and smoking a cigar, glanced irresolutely into the crowded vestibule, and hesitated. 'Don't see why I shouldn't have an evening off.' he said to himself. 'I can get to the Forresters' after this thing's over.' He glanced down again at the bill. There it was in greaf, staring letters: ' ' * ? - To-night. New Comic Opera, 'MADAME LA PRINCESSE.' MISS MERCIER,as La ;Princesse. 'Everybody's -talking about' the thing,' he muttered. 'I'll eee if I can get a seat, any way.' He threw away his cigar, which was scram bled for by half a dozen urchins, and passing through the open doons, entered the luxurious reception-room, with its velvet fauteuils and graceful palms,' and little groups of women in soft opera cloaks talking to their cavaliers. He made his way to the ticket office and ask ed #or a seat. The man looked at him in surprise. 'Haven't you booked, sir?' he asked. 'No. Have you a seat anywhere I can tiave?' . . ? ??,.-. . ? The man looked away and whispered to his assistant; Then he turned to Bryan. 'We have just had a single stall returned,' he said. 'You can have that, if you like. It faf rtifl 'rafiTv vacant sspflt in flip hniisp' I Bryan put down his half-guinea and took the ticket. Then he made his way down the cor ridor, bought a programme and book of the words, and settled down in the comfortable easy-chair with a sense of anticipation which made him laugh softly to himself as he realis ed it. He had been in London for nearly four months, and had found society a little harder work than gold-digging, without half the satis faction. This was his first evening to himself, and was the result of a moment's impulse. He had no, binding engagement for an hour or so, and the sight ot the name on the bills, ? whicQ was in everyone's mouth, had presented a sudden temptation. He felt something like a schoolboy who has stolen into a circus. The orchestra played the overture, which was long, but tuneful, and the curtain went up. Sometimes, afterwards, he tried to re member what it was all about, but he never could. He carried away only a hazy recollec tion of groups of chorus girls in the short hooped skirts and sabots of French peasants, the swinging sign of an old inn, and a lover in open- worked shirt and .velvet knickerbockers, who sang the opening song magnificently, and whom Bryan himself loudly encored. He en- i joyed it all hugely at the time, but the whole web of memory was sv^ept away by the crisis , which was so close at hand. At one moment he was applauding with a boyish enthusiasm, 1 eoine sparks of which .had^survived his latter L day schooling; and the next? his hands had I bopped nervelessly on to his knees, and he I Fas. sitting there with eyes still fastened upon I (fie stage, and a curious dazed wonder numb I ing all his senses. The smile fc/id vanished I from his lips, and the color from his cheeks. There was a singing in his ears, and a wild tumult In his heart. The ghost of his past was there, on the gaily-lit stage, the central figure in that dainty scene of Arcadian volup tuoueness. She was gliding to the front; [ there was a roar of 'applause, and then a deep hush. It was Myra! Myra in powdered hair, under which her dark eyes were flashing as brightly as ever, and silken gown with long tmin looped up over her arm! There was no possibility of any mistake. It was Myra, whose last n.vte had just died away, and fos whom had arisen that storm of applause which, was thundering all around him. He followed her through the act, watching her graceful movements and coquettish little gestures, without the shadow of a smile. He listened to her voice, which was bringing all London to the theatre,, without a single thrill of rapture. The fact that she was more beau tiful than ever scarcely occurred to him. He was paralysed by her mere presence there, within a few feet of him. Once, at a little trill in a song, he set his teeth and drew a sharp breath. She had sung like that one night on the banks of the Blue River. They had been sitting outside the shanty, watching the fireflies in the valley. He had thrown his arm carelessly around her, and she had 'sung to him in the soft, velvety darkness, with her face turned wistfully to the shadows of the Sierras, and the moonlight gleaming in her dark, passionate eyes. As the echoes of her voice died away, he ground his elbows into the cushioned arms of his stall, and swore. \ At the end of the first act, he rose and quitted his seat, walking with the air of a man in a dream, and all the boyish light-heartedness of a few hours ago completely gone. He found his way with some difficulty to the back of the I theatre, and, standing underneath, a gas lamp, I scribbled a single line on the back of a card. I He knocked at the stage door, and stood for I t moment, in a bare -'passage until he was I sharply confronted .by the door-keeper. He [ held out his card to him. I 'I want you te lake this to Miss Mercler,' he said. 'I'll wait for an answer.' The man shook his head, and declined . the carl. 'Not a bit of use, sir,' he said, sharply. 'There's been scores of them try it Miss Mercier has given me strict orders to refuse all letters, or cards, or parcels— even flowers! If I were to disobey her, she'd very likely report me!' 'That's all right,' Bryan answered quietly. 'I am an old friend of Miss Mercier's. I knew her in America- Here!' He slipped a -sovereign into the man's un willing palm. Bryan was standing under neath the gas lamp, and the man looked into his features doubtfully. 'There's, been several tried to gammon me that they.were friends of Miss Mereier's,' he said slowiy. 'I don't mean n» offence, sir, but you remember that if what you say is not true, I shall' lose toy place.' 'You'll fiftd that it is all right,' Bryan an swered. **&Iiss; Mercier will remember me.' The man nodded, and went off. It was fully five minutes' before he reappeared. On his return he addressed Bryan with more consider ation. 'Misa Mereier was just going en, sir,' he announced.'.^ 'She had no time to write a line. She wished me to say that she, would be leav ing by this floor at a quarter-past eleven.' 'Thank ybii!' Bryan isaid simply. 'I will be here!' r '?'.... \- He walkfea away and wandered aimlessly about the. streets. :'He.liad no desire to see any more of Jthe performance; another time would. do'tpr that To-night he wanted to think. And eoVhe walked away, unwittingly turning Ms steps towards the very heart ot pleasure-seeking London, elbowing his way amongst the crowds of men ana women whose ' faces he did not see, and att-the time trying to , fix this thing in his,. mind.Vito realise what it was that had happened, and to pliin for him self some definite course of action. It was a fine May evening, and, even around Leices ter Square, the wind was -soft, and an odor of spring was in the air. Women laughed in his face, and jnen turned round and grumbled at his calm monopoly of the pavement. He did not hear either of them. The .laughter and soft whisperings of the one, and the angry asides of the other,.^vere jumbled together in his ears. He could only think of this strange resurrection of his past,^ahd of that dark bei witching face which had followed him from across the seas to the world's capital. He walked restlessly about, a tall, striking figure amongst the motley throng, until close upon eleven o'clock. He had looked at his watch beneath a gas lamp, and the simple me chanical action seemed to restore him to every day life. He drew a quick breath, swung round, and walked back to the theatre. There were several men standing about in the narrow lane, a little apart, like sentinels, with their eyes fixed upon the closed door. Bryan remembered, with an odd little feeling of annoyance, that only a few nights ago he had spoken with contempt of the boys who hung around the stage door ef a theatre. He, too, was one of them now. in the eyes of any who should see him there. One or two stylishly-dressed young wemen came out and strolled away. Then the door opened, and his heart gave a great jump. Myra was there, looking eagerly around her. Their eyes met. and she gave a little start for ward. She held out both her 'hands to him, with the old impulsive delight, and forgetting that such a thing as onlookers existed, he found himself grasping them warmly. 'At last! At last!',6he murmured, with a little familiar croon of delight. 'I began to despair of you.' He held her hands still, and looked down into her face. . i 'I only knew that you were ia England to- 1 night!' he said. 'I was one of the audience. I found you out quite by accident.' ? She moved across the pavement, and at her motion he opened the door of a cab waiting there. 'You will come home tvith me, of course!' she said. 'We can talk there.' He handed her in and^-followed himself. . As he put up the window, one of the men who had been waiting about, walked away frown ing. Bryan leaned back, and bit his lip. It was Sir George Conyers. Lady Helen's cousin. (To be continued.) 