': HOUSE OF ASSE]kIBLY. Tuesdav. June 26. The Speaker (Sir Jenkin Coles) took the chair it 2 p.m. TH1 POSITION OF LIEUTENANT ROBERTS. Mr.' CJRATNGEK. asked whether the Treasurer had reconsidered his opinion with icfard to the position of Lieutenant Roberts The Treasurer had said the other day that the case was one which would lave to be settled by the Supreme Court, ind at the time he had not an op portunity of contradicting him. He thought, however, that the Treasurer had inisunccrstood Mr. Blackmore. The prac tice of :he House of Commons was that all dispute relating to the seats of members had been referred to a Committee of the House. The law courts had nothing what ever ;» do with tbe matter. Had the Treasi-er reconsidered his opinion in re gard it this question? The TREASURER (Hon. F. W. Holder) said it hid not reconsidered the opinion which le had given. So far as Mr. Black more was concerned it was only fair to him to say that the point upon which he had quoted that gentleman referred to the practice of the House of Commons in re lation to members irho were expelled. (Mr. Grainger — 'There is no question of expulsion here.') No; and therefore Mr. Bladoaore's opinion as to the practice of the British House of Commons did not ap ply it the present case. Th« Hon. A. CATT, referring to tbe an swer^iven by the Treasurer, said he under stood that the Speaker had looked up this queston. and asked if he would favor the Hone with his views on tbe matter? . Tht SPEAKER said that since this mat ter vas brought before the House last ?veek he had carefully looked into the question, with a view of ascertaining the jractce of the House of Commons. He nigh; say he found that with the excep tion of cases of disputed returns, which wertrremoved from the House of Commons br Act of Parliament and dealt with by the law courts, all other cases fa which the seats of members were jeopardised as the result of their accepting offices of profit w&e; dealt with by the House. A com ini\fee was appointed by the House; the conmittee investigated the matter and re ported to the House. If the report was adapted, the Speaker was directed accord ingly. This was very clearly laid down in TIay.' Members would eee that on pagi 613 of 'May' it was1 laid down, 'Whenever any question is raised affect ing iie seat of a member and involving a donb;, either in law or fact, it was cus toins?y to refer it to the consideration of a conmittee.' He had looked very care fully into the whole question, and he had. so £a? come across eight 6r ten instances whert that course had been adopted. The matte rested entirely with the House — not necessarily with the Government — but wih any individual member of the HouseHf he felt disposed' to move in the matter! It was not the business of the Speaka'to take the initiative. Mr. HbDOK&LD; asked -what the Go *rernmeVt proposed to do in tlhe matter? The tJRfe»UBEE said he understood that tie duty of taking any action did Hot dev.dve on the Government, but if he foun-. h necessary tot the Government to take | any step he tfcrald do eo. He understMixl *he Speaker to say that it was iM a: subject specially for the in terferenj-' of the Government, but that any merfper could do bo. The PIEAKEB— That is eo. TELEiHlAMS TO ME. EfNGeTON. Mr. SUMMON asked the Treasurer whether the printed slip of telegrams which hai passed beiween the Govern ment ani the Agent-Cenerai's office, or the delegate represejting South Aus tralia, Mi. ' Kingston, included all tele grams wiich had passed in that direc tion? The TB^ASURER Said it indoded aS tefegranWf&itins;: to the Federal Bin. Ofr. GBaC«GER asied if «ie Treasurer had any Objection to laying on the table copies -rf bH telegraos &at; had passed between ifec and the Bight 'Hon. C. C. Kingston, through the Agent-General, and for which Ae country had paid? The TREASURER said that eo far as he; was aware the tdegrams relatins tj *te Oomimbfrwealth HTl which had passed between tht Governtient and Mr. King ston had .been piaceS at the disposal of hen. members. (Mr. Solomon — ^That is not the quefikm. We want all telegram-) — telegrams ^relating to anything.') Did the ton. number man telegrams relating to fte basiness of the various depart ments of tqe AgenMJeneral?— (Mr. Soio joon— '?fCfejJbJriy') — ielafiTng to indents and'50 otienthings? ' (Mr. Grainger— :'We hare a right to see &em.;') He was not denying that but th»re were telegrams re laang to indents and SO other things, and he could hardly imagine that any mem ber -wanted' to see ?them all. If any hon. member wanted to eee them he should be happy to,, show, the originals, and it wonld be seen then whether it was desir able to priot any of them. He did not think it was'- desirable. Mr. SOLOMON asked whether the printed list -of telegrams to the Right Hon. C. C. Kingston inckded all tbe telegrams sent? . ,t The TREAStTREB was not quite certaio about every' detail, .bat he thought that eo far as they related to amendments in the Bill they wen; all there. It was substan tially all, and^if not he was quite prepared to show hon^menVbers the list. Jf they thought any lotfiejs should be shown he was quite wiBjnjr. Mr. VXMJ PPO9SA aeked when the reply to hie formerifluefition witb regard to the telegrams which pissed between the Pre miers would Je reidy? . The TREASURER suet the telegrams which had PfWpd between the Government and those otfhe ether colonies couM not be laid on the|tablt, because the great bulk of them werejmarted 'private.' He had asked the pe^usaMn of tlhe other Premiera to publish them, aid some declined to give it. As regards these sent to Mr. Kingston through ihe Agent-General, he had brought practicalfy theVhele of fSiem down. {Mr. Solomon— 'Wik doe? tihat meanr') He had told tbe ton. member just now. He did mot think- it, desirable that the messages ehoold be made public documents for rea sons -which were apparent in themselves. Mr. SOLOMON said he had no desire -j} ask anything about Mr. Kingston's monkey or anything of that kind. Any .telegrams for.Thich the State had paid the House was ejiitled to. Were any wires vith reference to election matters not in duded amongst those the Treasurer had \- The TREAflDBER said Mr. Solomon Tas not very (Jear about the matter. It iid not become the hon. member ? (Mr. SolonjoD~'Newer mind whether it lecomes me ot not. Answer the ques tion.') The Remarks which Mr. Solomon tad made abDOt Mr. Kingston's monkey vere wdl worfty of him. He regretted he should sink jto such a level. (Mr. Solo mon— 'You ksow it is perfectly true.') Mr. Solomon knew *t was absolutely the reverse of the truth to suggest that any vire was 6eoi, either from England to Sooth AnstaO^ or vice versa, re&Jang; to Hr. RmgBton'S monkey at Hie expense of the State or through Government chen ids. Mr. 6oiomon smSed at the sugges tion be had made and which he knew was jhsoloteb/ incorrect- Perhaps he trould tccept that explanation. One telegram came from Mr. Kingston to the effect that, Wing to being detained in F.ngtvnd longer -ian he originally anticipated, he would itve 'to conduct his campaign by mani festo, and referring to the election. Honking this was not a cable to be iest at the pdriic expense, he communi oted with Mr. Kingston aocordmfdy. No riber telegram rriating to hiadeetjon came irom Hir. Kingston, except one congratu. ating Mr. Gordon on his return to the jevialativc Conncfl. Mr. at-D0MO5T said he fid not expect to have raised fte are of Mr. Holder, bat since be had (nought ur- 'the vowt he ctuAJctA whetber any telegrams had gone » Mr. Kingston; paid for by the State, tontaininkthe uprds, 'Wandie weH,' giv flg informataoit Kboot *3ie heattb of a par aculxr monbey? The TKEASOBER— Tie answer is em ptertiealiy 'no,** and the fuefftjon is worthy af the great Statesman vAo asked it. It is '^-i'i ii'^'Mil ? Mt. eOLOMON— 'Who sait the trire'! The Hon. T. FLAYFOKD— It was sent through' tha Eastern Extension Company. THE COMMONTVSALTH BIliL. Mr. VON DOOSSA-Keferring to the caUegram tzansmi£ted by line Hon. the Treasnra- to the Ageai-Gepera] in London f. nm lutf Rnunn io - be handed to the Bight Hod. C. C Kiniyton, quoted by the latter ia Hs letter to the London 'Ttaes' df May 17, asked— 1., On what day and at vhat bos? did the Sen. the Treasurer first receive tie cablegram from Mr. Symon? 2\. On -what day and.it ishat hour was the cablegram dispatched to the AgentGene H» TRrASURiEK replied— On May 14 ifae aaMegmn received from Mr. Symon was cent, according to the telegraph re cords, at 550 p.m. So far as can be re membered i was received from Mr. Symon during tie tamedav, hot at wfaoi hour can not sow be said. FEDERAL ELECTIONS. Mr. CARPENTER asked what steps the Government proposed to take to give mem bers of the Bouse who would be candi dates fox tie Federal Parliament an op portunity, «f «OBdaetasg the campaign, should the elections for ihe Commomveahh be held before Christmas? The TREASURER said much depended upon the date of the elections. Should they take place towards the end of Octo ber, a9 would probably be the case, the Government would be glad to close the cession at that time. Should the elec tions be held early in September, the Go vernment would try to pursue the same course. It would be much more con venient if it were possible to close the business of the House before the elections began. CONTOTITCTK)XAL COMMISSION. Mr. MILLER asked, seeing it had been Misxested that tbe constitution of the l'oyal Commission proposed to be appoint ed to deal with the alterations of the cop stiiurion, consequent upon the establish ment of Federation was unfair, would the Treasurer have any objection to laying tht names of the members whom it was origi nally intended to appoint on the £able of the House, a* 'well as the names ct tho-^ who Tvere subsequently offered a position on the Commission ? The TREASURER said he had no objec tion w-ha'cevor to supplj- iug the names oi those members who were asked to accept a. position on the Commission and said 'No,' as well as of those who were asked and said 'Yes.' He might add that when the first list of Domes was prepared and he asked Mr. Copley to accept a seat upon it he showed th-. hon. member the entire ii^t, and Mr. Copley replied that he thought Ire (the Treasurer) ihad arranged very fairlj-. BEETALOO WATER RESTRICT. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. R. W. Foster), in reply to the Hon. A. Cafct, stated that he had received a wire from fhe resident engineer at Beetaloo stating that an inch of rain had fallen in che area and 15,000,000 goikm-. of water extra had been caught. The pre sent depth 'of Ihe reservoir was 21 ft. S 'The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. Castine, said that the present system of rating in the Beetaloo water district was upon all lands abutting on the main or pipes of reticula tion within the first mile 3d. per acre. INSPECTION OF FACTORIES. The TREASURER, in reply to Mr. Wood, said he expected to be able to lay Mr. Bannigan's report on the table tomor luSTRALIAN TROORS IN AFRICA. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon.. J. G. Jenkins), in reply to 'Mr. Wood, .said hie attention had been called to the report of Lieutenant Burns with reference to the treatment of Australian troops in South Africa, but it was a difficult mat ter to interfere with the anangements of the Imperial Government. The report had appeared in the press, and would no doubt receive notice in the proper quar ter. ? THE EIGHT HOURS SYSTEM* The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. Hourigan, eaid the eight hours system ought to be applied to the deep drainage system, but he would look into the matter and see that it is. PRINTING EVIDENCE. Mr. HOURIGAN said there had been dif ficulty in obtaining printed copies of evi dence taken before Royal Commissions sitting during the recess. Was it a {act that the present staff was not large enough to cope with the work; and, if so, would the Government see that more men were put on? ? ? The CHIEF SECRETARY said the pre sent staff was large enough, and men were always taken on when needed to cope with the work. He would point out that four Commissions had been sitting at the same time, and as the printing of their evidence meant considerable work, a couple of extra men had been put on. He thonght any difficulty that might have existed was prac tically overcome now. PASTORAL LEASES. Mr. McKENZIE asked— 1. Is the Com missioner of Crown Lands aware that a number of lessees in Class I. country have not been able to avail themselves of the extension of lease as provided for in clause i of the Pastoral Amendment Act of 189S-9? 2. Is it ihe intention of the Com sioner to ask this House, at an early date, to extend the tune for application for ex tension of lease as provided for in sub section 1 of clause 4 of Act 712 of 1898-9? Tbe COMMISSIONER of GROWN LANDS replied— 1. Twenty lessees have not applied for extension of their leases, and cue applied after £he time (December 31 last) fixed by the Act. Lessees of the other 1-B leases applied in time. 2. Autho rity will be sought to extend the time to December 31 nest. ,GLENELG BAILWAY. The Hon. W. B. BOUNSEVELL asked — 1. Wfcen will the Commissioner of Pub lic Works inform this House of the reduc tions of the rates on the Glenelg railway line, and what date ttiey are to com mence? 2. Will tbe time-table at the same time be revised to suit the convenience of the general public and the residents of Glontfg? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS replied:— The Commissioner of Railways will reduce the fares on August 1\. 2. He reports that the present time tables have been issued to remain in force until September 30 and will not be revised before that date. He adds that no com plaints as to the present time-table have reached him. IMPORTATION OF CEMENT. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. Copley, said that the contract for the supply of a large quan tity of cement now being imported was dated September 6, 1899. BAROSSA RETICULATION. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. Giles, said that to May 31 Isst £6,366 14/1 had been re ceived by the Railway Department for car riage of material, &c;, to reticulate and construct ihe Bandoleer and Barossa water schemes? PUBLIC LECTURES. The TREASURER, in reply to Mr. Giles, said that there was no law giving the Government power to prevent un principled people entering South Australia and making a living by giving lectures to the detriment of others, and thereby caus ing breaches of the peace. PETERSBURG LOCOMOTIVE WORK SHOPS. fllr. PEICE asked— L Has the Commis sioner of Public Works reason to complain of the method pursued by the Loco, people at Petersburg in engaging permanent and other labor? 2. Have any report or re ports been made re the matter? 3. What Is the nature of the charges? The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS replied— 1. The matter is tinder investigation. 2. Yes. 3. That the rail 3vay«DepQrtmeat were emptoj-ing men con trary to bureau regulations. INSURANCE OF PEODUOE. Mr. CAEPENTER asked— In view of tbe losses sustained by some producerE through damaged' cargoes — caused by oon maintenaace of temperature in- cool cham bers— wSL tbe Mrnifter of Education endea vor to arrange with the shipping compa nies for some method of insurance against such foaa by those exporting produce throagdi tihe Government Depot? The MDHSTEE of JBDUCATIOV (Hon. E. L. Batchelor) replied — The' insurance companies report that, while desirous of «- tewfine to the Produce Department tbe most liberal conditions, the ride is one that the insurance companies «hiM not insure against. Representations were being made to the shipping companies calling their at tention to tihe recognised temperatures at ?which tbe various lines of produce ebouM be carried. PRODUCE DEPOT. Mr. MoDONAI/D ai&ed; _ l. When will fee present contract with tbe shipping firms for the carriage of our produce to London expire? 2. Is the Mmigter arrang ing for fresh contracts at reduced prices? 3\. If eo, when? The MINIKITUR of EDUCATION re plied—The only contract existing between shipping companies and the department was for the carriage of butter. This con tract commenced on October I, 1899, and wotdd continue in force 12 months after either party 'thereto gave notice of their dfaire to terminate it. but such notice should not be given before 'May 1- 1902. The MINISTER of EDUCATION, in re ply to Mr. Wood, said that the averag; cost per case, including cost of freight ar.d all o£ber charges, on fruit shipped through the depot to London iras 7/6 per case. The MXNBTrER of EDlJCATION, m re p3y to Mr. Butler, said it was quite im practicable to slaughter outside Ac freez ing works, so as to cope vtith the increased supply of lambs. Arrangements had been made aS along to get the worts ready by September 1. POST OFFICIALS' CLOTHES. The MINISTER of EDUCATION', in re ply to Mr. Wood, stated that applications had been made both by letter-carriers and mail cart drivers for mackintoshes in liea of the overcoats now issued, and it was his intention to comply with tlhe request. LABOR BUREAU. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS, in reply to Mr. Wood, staled that the number of unemployed, incJodJng youths and those registered fcr apprentices at present upon the Tioofcs of the Labor Bureau, was 14,550. This did not prove, however, that so many were out of work, owing to the &ct; that ritfttfTflft persons out of employment register their names, | few of tliem -omply wiiu ihe regulation? by notifying the bureau when they obtain employment. THE ADDRESS IX REI'LV. Adjourned -lob;iic on tlie motion that tlie Address in Heplv lie adopicd. .Mr. HO.\,ULU(; 'sni.i the U-iu-e h..,l shown link1 di.sporition to give attention to the «iuestidn oi i!hj nin?inlinenis wiiii-ii had been made in elau-c 74 of tlie Com monwealth Bill, altliou^h Sir John Downer and 'Messrs. Solomon and Ulyuu had attempted to elucidate the very uirii cult constitutional o,iie-rkm involved, th? Government, and the Treasurer had intimated tLat ?ie i!id not inteud to address themselves to it at aU. The debate on die Addre.-* in RepSy -would be the only oppor tunity members 'would have oi di? eussing whether the com-promife is fafi;; factory or not. The attitude oi the Go vernment was to let i'iie tbing rip. Tuey had employed ilr. Kingston to represent them and whatever he did was to be treated as being weJi done, and against which no objection must be raised. If members would read the telegrams which the Treasurer had laid on the table and see the gigantic piece of trickery which had gone on in connection with this buwneis, and the wire pulling that had taken place be tween the Government and the Agent-General, they would feel a little more interested and express surprise that the Treasurer should show so .much in dignation at the questions put by Mr. Solomon. The position the Government had taken was not an enviable one. The telegrams did not disclose everything that had passed between the Imperial Govern ment and the various colonies. Last week it was shown in Sydney that so long ago as when the Commonwealth Bill ivas drafted Mr. Reid, the then Premier of New South Wales, was informed by Mr. Chamberlain that the Imperial Govern ment disapproved clause 74 and required some alteration. Mr. Reid stated in* Parliament that the contents of that telegram had been communicated by him to the draftsmen, but whether it was com municated by him to the delegates ?was not known. He drew attention to that statement of Mr. Reid's, as he wanted to refer more specifically to the telegram sent at the instigation of ilr. Symon to the Agent-General. The protest on the wart of Mr. Chamberlain was made so far back as about three years ago, and therefore the accusations which were made against him in some of these tcJegrams could no longer be sustained. He asked whether the Secretary ot State for the Colonies at the early* period at which that protest was sent by him to the Premier of New South Wales coa\d have done anything more than express the dis sent of -the Imperial Government to what was now catted clause 74 of the Biliir Hon. members would bear in mind that the 1m jierial Government were not asked to be represented at the Convention. They had no seat there, and no voice which enabled them to make any protest against the pro visions of the Bill when it was beina framed. Tbe only time they had for mak ing any amendments in the Bill was -when it was handed to them — after it had been adopted by tue people and Parliaments of Australia — with a request that it should be introduced into the British Parliament. Sir John Dotvner and Mr. Glynn had said that the people having voted on the BD1 there was no authority on the part of the Imperial Parliament to amend it. Mr. Gij'nn put it that' the British Parliament had no constitutional right to amend it. He (the speaker) said that that statement was not borne out. The British Parlia ment had an absolute right to amend the Bill in any shape they desired, and if on our part any error had been made in fram ing the constitution, and it was discovered by the British Government or the British Parliament, it was not only their right, but their duty to amend such error. Mr. Glynn hod said that there were some pre rogatives on which the Crown had a right to speak, and others on which it had no right, and he distinguished between euch prerogatives of tie Crown as were for the benefit of the people, and the prerogatives which 'were for iSie exclusive benefit of the Crown. The hon. member told the House that the prerogative right of appeal to the Queen in Council was the preroga tive of the people, and was therefore a prerogative which her Majesty had no right to retain if the people expressed a desire to abolish it. He took the view that if the prerogative was the prerogative of the people, then the Crown bad no right to waive it until it was absolutely satisfied that an over whelming majority of the people desired its abolition. The question of an appeal or no appeal was an important element in the consideration of the Federal question ?when it was submitted to the constituen cies of Australia, and certainly it was not an important element when it was con sidered by the people of South Australia. Thousands of people would have voted for the Bfll irrespective of whether it con tained the appeal clauses or not. He agreed with what he read tin's morning, that very probably if the right of appeal had been preserved a larger number of people -would have probably voted in favor of me Bill. There were many points in the Commonwealth Bill which did not commend themselves to the people of this colony. There were many things he did not like himself, but he thought the ques tion of Federation one of much greater im portance than half a dozen objectionable points in tne Bill. From that point of view, he did not think the matter of ap peal or no appeal was seriously considered. Even in this House, except for casual observations from the late Mr. McPhersop. and a few others., the question of the di rect appeal to the Privy Council was not even discussed. Now it -was stated by a small number of people that the colony of South Australia resented the interference of the Imperial Government and the Bri tish Parliament to revise the Bill. That was altogether an unfounded statement. There might be individual* who desired to see the Commonwealth Bill shaped so as to be entirely beyond the control of the Imperial Parliament, but it was not the general wish of the people. Numerous, petitions presented to the Federal Con vention, and numerous telegrams from al shades of parties in favor of the revision of portions of the Bill, proved that the people of South Australia do not resent the in terference of the British Parliament in any amendment of the Bill. It would be lamentable it, with all divergencies of opinion as to amendment of dattse 74, we were bound to accept appeal clauses with out having its provisions clearly explained to the people of South Australia. The Treasurer had intimated that he wanted to go on with the business, and had shown a surprising degree of indifference on the subject, and yet it was so difficult that Sir William Lyne had stated that he must leave it to the* Attorney-General to explain what will be its effects. People outside the House, and the Convention, had confessed that it was beyond' the possibility o{ dear interpretation, and it might lead to no end ef litigation in the near future. Why should die Government take it upon them selves at one moment to agree on an al teration of the terns of clause 74, and at another moment say — 'We go back on our previous determination to abide by the B3i,' aid later on proceeding to agree upon another compromise at their own sweet will and pleasure. If members woirid only read tihe copies of telegrams, which were printed, but not yet laid on the table by tbe Premier, they would be astounded at some of the trickery in which the Go vernment had indulged, quite unknown to Parliament or the public. It was the most deliberate trickery he had known since he had been in the House. If the Government were so anxious about making the telegrams public Jet them lay the whole tot on the ta*bie, and have them printed. Let them produce those wretched secret telegrams, which were full of rnsinnations and base motives, which no Government who had been in power had ever been guilty of suggesting. On June 7 Mr. Kingston declined to go back on the compromise, and ow Jmre 13 he sent word to Mr. Holder, stat ing that— 'He notes with astonish ment 'Times' of to-day publishes Mel bourne cable message, reporting that you strongly condemn compromise clause 74. He claims, simply in justice to the dele jr.itos, that you should immediatelc give publicity to the fact that the compromise ?was sanctioned bv you before it was made, and directly approved t-y you after being made, and it was not till after a full fort night after it was mad' and acted upon by the Rif4t Hon. the Secretary of State.1' Ancl \Hia.t was the effect of tSiat teleram which appeared in the 'Times?' It ap peared that even some time previous to that the Treasjurer had been trying to dosiffe away from the -Dosntion into wfrkA he- h;'J permitted the delegates to get. Mr. Kin#? ton cabled to 'ban and Bold him lie tvotiki be no party to this, and that lie wbtrid have to stand by the oom3-ronriee. Then the Treasurer, in his tisuai manner, cKaAiei down, and exjrtained -tine whole thing- very nicely. Ife commercial men of the colony were amongst tbe first to enter their pro test acainst clause 74, and they ha-l a per fect right to do so, because they were the most interested in tiie question. They put their views fairly, and asked the Treasurer to transmit a. telegram coatainii-'j: tbtm. No sooner «Ten? these views expressed than Borne of tihe li&ewarm; frieads of Federa tion were amongst the first to accuse the 'fffi^— '^ men, who vere aidc-ut coupon ers of Federation, of 'lx&njr; enemies of it. liat- chargp wa.-- unround'*!, like -o many which Iwj bean fliadv aguiiit-l anyoiio who |jrow?»t.e-l ;t£ain.-i anything in the'lii'l. STlie Hon. -V. Vjtt — 'A jrood many -j-' tiiom were enemies of it. 'I Why. flip lomnier -ial men were ilio lurrano^t advocMii-s of Federation. They 'had aii u'lons been told thai I-V:deratH-;i wa- r.ot K- |ii- a i-;im ques tion. Mid thai the O|r;;»K-ui-m ami Uie Go vernment ivitc ;o join io eel liii' i-c-si oi-n- srit/Jtion they n-uid. Tiny we.-.; ro j.ijrl.« considcr jkti tlu? vic\\\\- -t .rp; .onents. Hut how were to fe? ranks in ojiinvriion with the Dill treated 'r iii t'hi- fir.-; i-i;uv Un- uK.1 sram was --jii. l'ruiu iin- _Yjcn'---'Vner;tl to Vhe Treasure-!-. Jl n,i- ;i .-evrrt, leWr.-.m, and marked 'Set-rtt': — 'ilr. Kini-ton ,u^ gests it. Apniise ill1. I. II. Sy-inim ra tion. WouM like hi? view* wish his belief influence vjl'i'hief .Jn:-ti,v ai-tivt-iy exercised1 adversely. 'Mr. Kinp-ixin oviik*n:iy yironssy derire-- fiirthiT iinnne.ss ot Australia. Times' published -Melbourne tek-.ri-.Lni ex presses opinion that jjorcple diK]Hi--vi to give way Privy Council- lmponom thai coun teracted/' The way tin- Truiwirc-r 'wun- teracied' it was by r.s*ndin«; on .Inly 0, three days later, the following extraordin ary tclEgrani:-'A-u«tr.ilian Federation— An- ticipate some difficulty ifi securing unanim ity of lYemiers. ' Will try to ar range for concerted action in sup port of delegates. Natives' Association Adelaide strong^ object to amendments. ' He asked fhe Treasurer if that was true. (The Treasurer— 'Yes.') He differed from him, and would like to use a stronger term if the Speaker wouM allow him. Members would understand what he meant. The as sociation did not object at 'H, 'but a com mittee of the association jliat ivas called together was induced to send a telegram, and the members of that association Tvert- not consulted a-bout it. The Treasurer thus sent a telegram which he ought to have known was not correct, and it went home as if one of the largest associations in South Australia had been called together for a meeting to consider it, when ir wa? nothing mere than the opinion of three or four men on a committee. This was done to ffive Mr. Kingston an opportunity of misleading people at home. The Govern ment ai=o tried very hard— but did not succeed— to get the Federation League of South Australia, to protest against tlie amendment. They did not telegraph home to say -their effort in this direction ha-i Earled'. (The Treasurer— 'The Government did not try.') They pulled the wire.-. (The Treasurer — ''Tjha'': is absolutely the reverse oi the fact. ') After the people of. South Australia iiad seen :Jie*e telegrams they would get a different opinion of the Treasurer. One -would at least think that in mii'Ii an iiirpoiiani mat'eov the Treasurer H-onJd fc:uv -con Iiotli ikutiv.-. ami tiiciv nniiijons were i'nirly n-prosenwd to our (l-'leiK(4-'. lrut. on .limo IS lie iflegTaphed: — ??Disregard ilu- agitation i-iiuseil 1-y ihe .-M cppi)noii;-.' (Tin' Tiv;:-urcr— 'Yes. ilisie [Mt-rl tin- aiai- Killiti1-.') -\'--. 'hut- ?\ii-re- ffi-rtl 'rlie frpiiiiont -if anyone whose views So not coincide wit-li those of tlie Oovern DWTii '' was wh;U w;is mcunt. Ono liatl oirlv in road ihe on Ter-'poiidence in tlie. -I;iiiy po-pers ;w-d soe how loul attacks wit? -n;ide on respivUi'blo citizens of So\r.!i An» tr.ilia Io see llisu i'l was really ?iiiiio a courageous U'.lii%r for anjvine rn express ai; o]finion jdvovs.' to vl\a*t *-s tiie ^iovci'umeni ar.ii supporter.-- of «:lause ~1- Anyone wr» i did it was liable to he pilioric-tl. and ?-a-e miserable ntotivos in-ii:uAted ;ij:aitist him. lv.-ok ^'r the way in Avliiirh the ttovcrn ment, conjointly with Mr. Kingston, tried to haw a -lu|- at one of tlie Chief .lust-ice& of AiistRiliii. A i-u'We camo mit from the A(rent-t'Vucr.i), iniondeii to tw used againsi Sir Samuel - Iriffith. A\liat had he done? .Mr. Bmler-'Changed Iii* coat.') He had not, but the Oovrrnnient did. They changed three rime*, li, was quits cfejr ohai lh: Kinjr^ton iras anxious to iiave a slap a; Sir S^anmel -»riffilh, and h* enquired i\iiethfr rhe jud-;e had no; been a candidate foi- a position on the Privy Council- To 'their very great regret the Government, had to reply that lie had not, and that the Queensland Government had supported Mr. -Justice Windeyer. T!ie chance io say ?someihins unpleasant and to attribute unworthy motives was 'thus lost. N'o tribunal Iiad jjiven greater satisfaWion than the Privy CViuiu-il. (Mr. Butler — 'Xo.') Mr. Hutler dc.-ired its abolition from sentiment, and no doubt the senti mon't of having our own court of ajipeal was a very nice one. but no one could point to any net of the Privy Council as having been detrimental or injurious to the co lonies, li would Tje a great pity to, :is some members wi^Tied, cut ihe paiiiter. There were some he knew who would be very glad to have the opportunity oi pass ing iegislaiuon in that direction. No man had raided die slightest charge .against the Privy Council, and it l:ad in all instanees given satisfaction in its judgments and de cisions, and had hardly ever been adversely criticised. Their judgments -were given fearlessly, and were free from political in fluence, and gave *itistiiction in all narts of the British Empire. Its administration 'was an example for fairness. and justice for. every legal tribunal of t'le civilised world. Tbe question was whether -we ought to abolish the rijrlit of appeal. In his opinion that was not desirable. Had the represen tatives of labor any reason to complain of the judges of that Privy Council? l)id ilr. iii'ookrr, iviio iras JM- Toisteuiiy interjecting, not know ili^t one of Llie greatest victories cvci- gained by tilt laijov organisations \va? won m the JioUKC ol Ixjids, in the action of Allen v. Flood, in which tbe i'i;:ht oi l.iljureis to jktsu.uIi' onion mtn to leave tne employ oi their ma-stcr wlien employed with non-union men was recognised? (Mr. l'ricc^-''No one questions the hoiicsty of the Kn;,rlish judge. ') Did ilr. 1'iicc joi'get |lie inij.orijin case tri Aii i'oy v. ilusj;r^ve, in which the CJoverninent oi the adjoining colony by iorco jiivvonu-ii the Chinese irom landing, lioiwitlistiindiiig tiio Supreme Court deciileil in tavor oi *udi riaiit'r Did not, tlie Privy Cuiinti!, with its -iiarai- toi-i.-tic in-lt'|ioii(K'nce. decide that tiie (.io vei-nment wcic ritlit '. It tlieie w;is one qv.esiioii on whiiii we shuulil lx- absolutely inUeiuudc-iii o; the Federal Court ul Ap Jioal it was J iff respective riirhi^ oi' iigis Utiun 1-y tiie Stave Parliament of that Cpnmioiiwcaiili, because of the possi urtj'tj- of ihe legislation of llie ditie rent colonies overl,iji|iing wiili those of the iumiuDBKealtli. .-iich questions should go to the Privy Council as the highest independent tribunal. To s-onie ex tent Ihe ]-olitiial aimosphere wliich fiir rounded the courts of justice in the Aus tralian folonifs were ii.ible to influence them, ami when it came to a conflict be tween a smaller State, such as .South Vu-- traiia, and the powerful Federal --o- vermnent, the Privy Council was the Court to look to for redress. Friction would arise before long from clause T4 as it now stood. Sir John Downer Iiad ad mitted it. Siiieh questions as our riparian rights to the Murray River and that boun dary dispute with Victoria should not be referred to a colonial Court, of Appeal. (Mr. G!ynn — '1 think there is an ah.-ointc right of appeal on those questions.') .Sir John Downer doubted that, and that ques tion ought not to !-e )eft in sueli doubt that those learned in the law diilei-ed as to its meaning. He -igain referred to the telegrams, particularly that one from tbe Treasurer to the Agent-General on May 14, which said: — 'Please inform ilr. King ston Mv. Symon says applied to Chief Jus tice copy of pamphlet. Chief Justice evades it. Seems evident fears to show contents of here. Claims that of a secret nature. Anomalous position for a judge if he honestly dealing ?with public ques tion. Lord Lamington'.s utterances pub licly considered disgrace to Impe rial service. Life peerages at large salaries dangled before intriguing Chief Justices spoken of here as' being ilr. Chamberlain's bribe. Mr. Symon request-s you to publish in 'Times.' ' He denied that in South Australia Lord LamingtonTs utterances were publicly con sidered a. disgrace to the Imperial service. 1 1 was an infamous scandal for anybody to riiy so, ajid he challenged Uie Treasurer to -viy it. Was he game to say that the public of .South Australia considered Lord l-ianiington's conduct a disgrace to the lm lierial service? He dared not say it, and yt-t/lie allowed liimvrelf to 'be made the me dium ot such a vavU-'mptiWc telegram. He uMkeil the Treasurer was it true that life pen-iges were spoken of uere as being uangltil before the Chief Justices. That also was a deliberate fabricasioii. It might Jj;ive hceu r^iid hy a lew who desdred to casl slanderous reflections of opprobrium on gcntleiiiL'ii oecup.\:ng high jjositions. Tiii'ii I he Chief Justices or tue Australian cuilonii-- were spoken of as being intrigu iiiif Chief Justjccs. That was another un truth, and i;. was false that life peerages danced liefm-p intriguing Cliief Justices were ncv«T tjjoken of here as iir. Chamber lain's brilh.-. lie denied that ilr. Chamber lain was ever publicly accused of bribery; of any kiu-l. lit- a.-kod the Treasurer what1 was liis authority for Jiaving Touched for a i U'legram o£ so iiu'anious a -Jiaracter by his signature in his capacity u- Treasurer, and for iiuving ihe impudence to add at ihe end o!' ii— -'?J'ulilisi! in the '1'inies. liwaslh-i' most swuiilalous: ])ie«'C of buaness ever per petrated in Sourli Australia. lie said there huJ ueen wire-pulling and miserable con duct, and he s-ud nut one thing he could i not justify. Tiie Treasurer well knew !iow untrue the telegram was and he onpht to have been the first, -when Mr. Solomon called attention u- tue matter, ya ?have disowned the telegram, and said it was a mistake. If he had done that he (Mr. Hum'burg) would not have said a. word about it. Let them see how ilr. Kingston gloated over the receipt of that telegram? What a miserable use was made of it at 'home? On May 17 ilr. Kingston replied ;is follows: — 'Handed telegram to Uigiu Hon. t^eeretary of State, and with comments to press. Very helpful. Secret, iir. Kingston '= thanks for telegram; ex ceedingly jikaaed results. Mission prac tically securing unattended Bill. Details are coming through Premier of Xew South Wales. Communicate this to Mr. J. H. jsyuion, but position intensely secret un '.il announced by Kight Hon. Secretary of State tor Colonies.' 'Jhey knew what die comments in the 'Times' Tvere; Mr. Solo mon had read them. He asked them to again read the words: — ''Secret. Mr. King ston's thanks for telegram; exceedingly pleased at results.' Having misled tiie Secretary of £iate for the Colonies, he was very p'ease.i vrith che results. 'Mission practically securing unamended Bill.' Was it not a disgrace to think that a telegram untrue in ever}' letter shoald be handed Io the Secretary of State ior the Colonies io» fhe purpose of gaining a victory, end giv ing him a false impression of the f»ating in South Austraiia? Is it not uiwuUatuig ia hear dial a reply should come out from our delegate, informing tbe Treasurer that ? his telegram had succeeded in accomplish ing what was wanted? After telling Mr. Holder that 'Details are coming throu^b the Premier of Kaor South Wales. Com municate this to your arch-conspirator.' Those words were his. Tbe telegram said — 'Communicate this to Mr. J. H. Symon, but position intensely secret until an nounced by Bight xton. Secretary of Stata for the Colonies.' If he (Mr. Homburg) had done that as Treasurer of this colony he would put his head in a bag and go. He asked the House if they justified dial telegram? Were they going to stand by a Government over & deliberate insult, un warrantable in ever}- one of its stale* ments, or would 1]hey say — 'Never mind, die Treasurer sent it. It is all right?'' If the House or colony realised its duty; it ought to vindicate itself over that tele gram, and deliberately tell his Excellency the Governor on the Address in Reply that the House disowned tlie telegram, and had nothing to do with it. The House had been very badly treated by the Treasurer, and if anyone moved a. vote of censure on him he (Mr. Hbmborg) -would certainly; vote for it. He next wished to deal wiuh some of the matters mentioned hi tile Go vernor's speech, particularly the amend* - ment of the Factories Act. He had naked the Treasure- if it 'was lie same B21 that ?was introduced last year, and the'. Treat ' surer gaid the Government had not intro duced any factory legislation, last year. He tvas not surprised to hear the Trea surer say that, because he had become quite accustomed to the Government intro- ' ducing Bills that they did not want to ' carry, and of which they knew very little. This was one of them. A Bill, on trhitft the House had so frequenijv expressed jta opinion, and the desire to put dowa sweating, for which Hue Bill wai expressiy introduced, -was a... Bill. which the Treasurer had forgotten. He saw at once that this factory ' legisW ' tion, of which the Treasurer knew nothinJL had oever been considered at all, cod ha3 been put into the Governor's speech purely, as a bit of padding. He gave the labor members his assurance that if any reason able legislation for the purpose of patting down sweating was introduced into the House it ?wonla have his most cordial sap- ?- ' * : port, and he would do everything he conkt » to assist in carrying it. (Mr. Puce— That f ' word 'reasonable' is a very dangerous ' one.') It was necessary, because the labor members had undoubtedly been most on* reasonable in some of their demands. Mr. Price knew that the Workmen's Gompen ?atk-n Bill which iras carried last year ?without diviaoa was supported by every member of the Opposition, winch es-en Went to the extent of inserting some of the amendments moved by labor members on the question of making insurance com pulsory, and that the only request of the Opposition Telated to the exclusion o£ sea men and the definition of the owner. If that small concession had been agreed to the Bill -would have been law now. Mr. ?Price also kneT that the Opposition for years past -would have helped to obtain a reasonable Bill dealing witli early closing, bnt no sooner .was one concession made than the Go vernment urged Parliament to give more, and go the Bill became a wreck at the end of every session. On these two Bills there ittis afopoluteJy no reason why a compromise between all sections of the Eonse should not be arrived at— a compro mise that would be fair to all who were . interested in. that legislation. He wished to say a few- words on the position of the ? Government as to the franchise qnestion. Many members would agree with him that the Government bad turned a. good many somersaults. Indeed, there was no man trho could tell exactly where they were. As pointed out by Mr. Glyan, they started in 1895 by opposing household suffrage, and Announcing through the Premier that they desired Mr. Grainger to withdraw the Bill, intimating that if he did so they would at any early date introduce ? Bill for a £15 franchise, together with a qualification in favor of Crown lessees. In March, 1886, the Premier in the Adelaide Town Hall declared the Government policy, and pledged him*lf ^nd' everyone of his colleagues 1 to the policy of a £15 franchise, mith a qualification of £200 worth of im provements to Crown lessees. The Go vernment introduced the Bill into the Legislative Council, and because of its re jection the Treasurer 15 months later, on duly 2^. 1897, contrary to the pledge given '*o Bis oonstituentB, and contrary to the pledge of every member of the then Minis try, went away from the £15 franchise, and asked leave to introduce a Bill for household suffrage. In December, 189S — again 15 months later — contrary to the promises made to their constituents, con trary, -to the policy of household suffrage announced that year before, the Govern ment turned another somersault, and de clared their intention to go for adult suf frage. Three days after they had deli 'fcerafely stated that adult suffrage was the . question on which they would ask for a referendum, they again altered their policy —having been, persuaded to do so by Mr. ©BteheJor— and came back to household 'mfirage. Twelve months later, having in the meantime made an appeal to the \- constituents by referendum, -which, was in their favor, and having ewom faithfully \- -beset to desert the electors who had so positively determined that household suf -^feage -should be the law of the land — they turned still another somersault, and on 'December 6, 1899, resolved to go for the ' - '-*£1S _ franchise. On. that, occasion the \- Treasurer said— 'This Government stands \- pledged to ask Parliamentary approval for the granting of a £15 franchise.' But \- the Government did not intend to do any thing of the sort, because they bad now —gone back, not to household suffrage, which ' vas' advocated by them Tears ago, bat to the sixth policy on. the same subject, viz., a-V'two-roomed house' franchise. So full ?^ofTnconsistency were the present -Govern-* 'inent Uiat one ttos disposed to ask what their next policy would be if the present proposed- Franchise Bill did not succeed, '-(speaking of the franchise reminded him of 'the feet that last year 'he was accused by ^air. Foster of having gone back upon Tiis pjedfee in regard to .tfiat question. Mr. loeter pot it £hai he had promised in the ' IHbose .that if t3ie vote was carried in favor \- -of &e; franchise he would abide by it. He did notMog of tie sort. He did tell the Eonse that if Ins eonetitjuenbs were favor 1 able to it be wxwJd vote for it, and abide '?by their ?derision. The hon. member, how ever,' nright rest assured that be did hu ..litest to ?dissoawle Trie constituents from giv ing Tiim the opportunity to exercise that vote in £a.vor of frooseboM sn&raee.; (The Confinffiskiner ' of Public Wocks— 'You .wooKt iave been in an awkward) comer : ottrerwiBe.') He would have kept hie jsoiaise, wtoch -was more -than tbe nou. ' : member could eay. On September 12 last, *-Haosard' reported Mr. Foster as having said:— 'He regretted that he conld J:De^ support the amendment. (Hon. W. B. Bonneevefl — 'Have yon twisted round again?) No. He bad always advocated the £15. but believed in the referendum, end pledged mmself at the electrons tbat . 3T Ibb constitoenfe went, for the B31 he ' -dunld cany ant -Jnt mandate, but if they 'went against it be would oppose it' (The . Commisffloner of Bubfce Woits— 'But ] didn't versnade them to go against it. ) ?What -did flie bon. member do? (The Commissioner of PubEe Worfes— 'I never discussed it') What a coward: Hare \- jwaa ?«a--honi member, who went to hi£ ? constituents to fight one of the most im portant constitutional questions, and was -afraid to draenss it. (The Chief Becre tary— -'The leader of the Opposition did 1fce same last j*r.') He was not respon sbteifor.what tiefeader of the Opposition 'ffid. CSertairfy, Mr. Solomon had not .--made such a etnpid TEmark as tile one just made by the Commissioner - of Pub lic Wolfcs. ContumiBR, file Com mwBonerof Prf-Hc Works bad sud:— \- ?qf-the referendnm had any yrfne at aH it ebouH be adhered to. Mr. Playford had eiven forcftie argnmettts in- favor of liberal -fengAefianebise. (Mr. Grainger— ' Were you not rnnmwt around toteiy f or a £15 franchise?') Yes. He toped the Council ! -would pot that in. Hon. members must know that these was not the ghost of a chance o£ setting household suffrage ''through both Houses. It would be a rea sonable and graceful thing, the _Counctt fiaving more than once refused liberalism at aH^ for the. ConserraitiveB to get up and propose concessions each as a good many there, and a greater number outside had 'requested. He did not know wbat would be the attitude of tire Government if -the Le gislative Council sent the measure back -with the £15 franchise, but any Democrat ?who, seeing that he had no possibility of getting what be asked for. refused to take a. substantial instalment of reform, was not & .Democrat.' Here -we have the Commis sioner -of Pnbiie Works waBdni? outside in to tie -fflnokmg-room, where his constitu ents coojd not hear what -was going on. Was it not a teave tiring to do — to go out istb the -smoBiiig-room and persuade mem bers to rote for the £15 franchise when diie hon. member was pledged to his consti tuents that whatever their verdict it jtonW te given effect-to by him. That-was about the cleverest piece of dodgery he had heard of in that House for a long time. Havingmade up his mind to vote exactly -»« frig -fHinnULueiills told him €he boo. mem ' bfr said that if &xe; l^eajslative Council de '. ' tenmoei inion Hie £15 frairohise, when it came~back' to *hat House he wodld desert Ins- conBtatnefflts and vote for it. (The Commissioner of PnHic Works— 'I never ? . Baid timt.') The hon. membeT did not use / *aioee -words, bat -that -was his intention. This was the ?Government which had noth ing to stnswer f or, wfaudi declared that the Govemor'e speech 'required no further con «deration, asd that everything done by them should be forgotten. He hoped that 1 members would not forget, and thai they dvouW make the Government answer for (their misdeeds. (The Commissioner of jpnWie Works— 'It would not take five ?Winates/') Not, if the hon. member did it in the splendid fashion in .which be did it to his consStnenta. (The OommisioneT of Public Works— 'I will do it in a manly Bri tish fashion, not in a foreigo fashion.') He dad not -want members of the Ministry to quarrel* ' (Mr. Broofcer— 'That is just what do yon want.') He worild like the ConmnsBioner of Crown Lands to give the CVnannasoner of Public Works a little more latxtnde- in the matter of offering in ?ternrptions, because Aey came in excep tionally handy. He asked hon. members ' nottoaBowtheGoveiamieiit toeo on-witJi the business of the country until the ques tions that had been discussed in that House had been fuly and completely an ewered. Mr. PBK3E said that before taking Mr. Hom'bnrg's remarks into serious considera tion he womd deal with the Governor's epeech. He agreed witii -t3-e first three paragraphs of that speech, and was sure that the fourUi paragraph expressed the sentiments of all true Australians. They all feit tfiat those who had gone from Aus tralia, to-defend the Empire, and bad fallen in -tie cause, were worthy of mention in the Governor's speech. He felt this more keenly, because there was one of his own party— Mr. Coneybeer— .who mourned the Joss of a brother who had fallen in the war. .He was sure the House sincerely sympa thised with the hon. member in his trouble. 'Paragraph 4 expressed a very proper een ~£imeat of appreciation of the courage of our troops in South Africa. He had often 'Wondered in. tiie past where 1&e; staying power of tiie British army is to come from . sow that modern centralisation has drained the country of the sturdy idhabi «aate of the rtrral districts. He was pleased to think that in spite of a policy which tame men into mere maohinfB in «he production of wealth, Tommy Atkins lias retained sufficient of the good old tdood to give a good account of himself wtten required to do so. There had cer ? tainly been jftysicai deterioiation. in Eng land, for 1ae mmhmm hei^it had been fc£_: - * ^idjig'1 ft™1 5 ft. 9in.toaft. ain. In this country, where we lived under better social conditions than in England, and where eight hours* work is generally recog nised, we found that our troops, had con ducted themselves splendidly in South Af rica. Alongside the British army they were more active, more intelligent, and could act upon their o\vn responsibility, and were not mere machine?. Any coun try that wanted good lighters must give good conditions to its workers; ic was only ivhen men became hiayes under the iron heel of competition and capitalism That the army becomes de fective. When the First Contingent went away he did uot believe it was so absolu tely necessary, and he opposed it accord ingly. The event had proved that it was absolutely necessary. In speaking formerly on tfhe subject he said he hoped that when Vhe clean, bright sword of Federated Aus tralia was drawn it would be in the cause of liberty and freedom. To-day he would say that 'the sword had been drawn on beiaif of freedom, and of giving the fran chise to unenfranchised people, lor no peo ple could be free when they were shackled -y a limited franchise. He held in h:c hand the pamphlet entitled ''The British Case Against the Boer Republics.' Any man who could read that, and then refuse the franchise for the Upper House to the 'Outlanders' of South' Australia mu-t have his conscience seared indeed. We were lavishing admiration on our military forces, but he would $oin£ out that Fede rated Australia ninst also attend to her Haval defences. AVith the vast develop ment of foreign naval Powers the iime might come when the British would need the same assistance in the way of sailors as they now needed in regard to soldiers. With our many outports and our big sea board we should have numerous local naval corps, who might one day be of the great est value to the British navy- The grinding commercialism of tie age had led to the deterioration of the personnel of the British mercantile navy by the introduc tion of lascars and other colored labor, and as such a policy might lead to the collapse of British commerce, if persisted in, it would be well for Federated Australia to prepare a gallant naval force to assist the Empire in time of need. At one time he was not strongly in favor of Mr. Kingston being sent home as a delegate, and thought it would be as well if that genial and clever gentleman, Sir John Alex. Cockburn, hbd been asked to undertake the task. As. matters had turned out, however, he be lieved the j-est thing had been done in sending Mr. Kingston home. He con demned the Victorian Government for sending Mr. Deakin home without even consulting the delegates, and perhaps it would be uncharitable to say they did it in order to prolong their poli tical Mfe by getting that clever democrat away. It was a wrong step, but the Vic torian Government, having taken it, it was right for us to send the men who followed, ie did not know if Mr. Kingston went lome with the best feeling towards the -ench, but if he paid it was bis duty to go ie (Mr. Price) believed it was the proper thing for him to say. If anyone hjid a right to go home to see the final work per formed in connection with Federation it was Mr. Kingston. He was the strong man of this colony, who forced the Bill through, ?Mr. Holder was a fierce debater, but it wanted the stiff back of Mr. Kingston to put the Bill through. He hadtaken a creditable part in -&e; Convention of 1891, and having shaped the noble figure oi ^derated Australia-he -aataraHy desired Bat no other -man should put the finishing A iw:i^ the piece oi sculpture. As President of such an august body a-- ^e u^tS? Con«ntion Mr. Kingston na turally felt a pnde m having an opportu nity- of putting the finishing touches on the jommonweahh Bill in England. Mr. Kings ton had done good wort at home, and he rezretted that such underhand work was allowed to go on to interfere with the misoon in which he was engaged. Mr ttngston and the other delegates from Aus tralia were sent home to see that the Bill as it left Australia was carried m its ea arety, and if it had not been for tie in trigue that had been carried on. the object °F. *he°r njssion. would have been accom plished'. Now, however, the BH1 contained not oriy the Braddonhlot but the Cham berlain Wot, and the man who carried the tarpot to make the Mot was Mr. Way, who ?was assisted by Mr. Baker— one of our re spected citizens. He had never pot any trust in Mr. Chamberlain once his deser tion of the grand and noble cause, of Home Bute for Ireland. He had acted like a Jodae. PMr. PJayford— 'TVhat has this to do with -Sie Common wealtb Bill?') ErerytinBg. Joseph Chamiberiaii never did an action in his life that was not tainted by an undercurrent of some kind, and his position in a Conservative Ministry to-day -was the result of i cunning and crafty desertion of his principles. (Mr. Piaiyford — 'He has acted straight throughout..') He had only one object m life — to add to she greatness of Joseph No. 2. The Common wealth Bill was settled by a Convention composed of the best intellects in Austra lia, and what right had he to try and upset what the Australian people had confirmed by direct referendnm? The measure was accepted by the people as a concrete whole, and not in piecemeal fashion. Mr. Solo mon had issued a pamphlet to the electors, in which he recommended them to accept the Bill because appeals to the Privy Coun cil had been abolished. The people be lieved him. (Mr. Solomon — 'That com przsedbutaemall portion of the pamphlet.') The question of the establishment of a TTfarh Court in Australia was dealt with in eight tines by Mr. Solomon, who had now gone back npon his Convention colleagues. With regard to the interference of Lord Liaming ton in this matter, he was sorry to know that the day when old-fashioned Gover nors were appointed as her Majesty's re presentatives abroad had passed; and that political Governors were now sent out bere. The men constituting the link that bound us to the Crown ought to be above suspicion. (Mr. Solomon— 'You were al ways in favor of making the lieutenant Governor permanent Governor of South Australia.') He said that with the ad vent of Federation there was no reason to have Governors sent to Australia, and that the Lieutenant-Governors in each colony should be appointed as the heads of the States. Mr. Grainger told the House it would be dangerous to connect the judi ciary with the executive. He be lieved him, and that impression had been made all the deeper in consequence of recent events. Lord Lamington sent the following cable to London: — 'My Govern ment are astonished at attitude of Mr. Deakin at colonial banquet, and they are in favor of inclusion of your amendment re Privy Council in Federation Bill. The Premier says that the people of this colony are strongly in favor of amendment. Chief Justices of South Australia, New South Wales, and Queensland, whom I have seen. are all strongly of opinion that you should insist on amendment without reference to ?local Parliaments.' The local Parliaments were, of course, of no consequence what ever when the idneblood held sway, and they should not be taken notice of 'don't you know.' Lord Lammgton had spoken to three men, -who had the brains of the ?whole community. Certainly, ..to be charit able they were great, able, and honest, though mistaken men. (Mr. Grainger — 'Lord. Lamington was only expressing tine views of hia Ministry, and be mas quite rigKt in what he did.') Hia lordship had given his own political opinions, and if the people would allow their liberties ? . (Mr. Playford— 'What liberties? Lord Lamington was only voicing the opinions of h'w Ministry.') Had it not been a struggle in political life from early times to preserve and conserve the liberties of the people? (Mr. Playford— 'What liber ties are injured now?') Lord Lamington ?wrote to England giving his - individual opinions, in which he was backed up by three judges, thereby combating the dele gates who were sent home to get the Bill, as passed by the whole people of Austra lia, through the Imperial Parliament. He had always had the greatest re gard for the integrity, purity, and dignity of the bepch. He had seen how p&tf;&cians; could lie fcrtfbed, and how kings and other great personages in history went ?wrong, but the judge?, with fewexceotion=, upheld the best moral traditions of the race. Then rt came as a rude shock to him to discover that Chief Justice Way had issued, not in open daylight, birt in secret, a pamphlet, which he dispatched to. only :i few -people. Tiien, when he was found opt, he sent a copy of what he had forwarded home to'che newspaper*, «- as to vindicate himself, and with the object of trying to prove ftat fce was not a disgusting sneak. The SPEAKER-Order. That is an ex preaKioa tUat should not be used, and I ask the -non. member to withdraw it. (Mr. PRICE— I do not speak of lnm in his capacity as a judge. The SPEAKER — The hon. member should not refer 'to the Chief Justice as a disgusting sneak, and I as* him to with draw the expression. ...... ?Mr. PRICE— I -withdraw it if it is too strong When one trusted a man implicitly, and then found that bis confidence ha- been misplaced, strong words were needed to show his disapprobation of such con duct He did not think a man who lia- formed one of her Majesty's Privy Council would indulge in private correspondence of the character that bad been revealed. The telegrams laid on the table showed that Mr. Symon was anxious to detend the rightf of the Australian people. Though certain people had abused Mr. Symon bn canse of the reference he made tfi «» -eerages dangling as bribes before Austra lian Chief Justices' the Q.C had also been subjected to scurrilous attack*, it being in sinuated that he* was after a Uizh Court, judgevhip. Even ii he were he was the 'Inwt man lor the position. Many of Mr. JSymou's .statements weie really noble, and disipkiYed a certain amount of courage. The position was that lie ivas put into the Convention by the Conservatives, and they had Hately aome whai gone back on tile Bill. When tiiese clauses were before the Convention it waa at fim intended that there should be no appeal at ail, but the banks and financial institution* of Australia petitioned the Convention, saying — 'Our intere-ts are in London, Melbourne, Sydney, and all these places, let us come under the law of Eng land, so that we may. have justice done to us.' Ho instead of making the final Court of Appeal an Australian coui't pure and simple, tae nionied interests of Australia demanded an amendment, and it was made entirely owing to their influence. The wren* was put on the Convention to such an extent that it had to amend the clause, and but for that it would not have tainted ihe Bill with toe power of appeal to Eng land at all. Mr. i-iymon, knowing all this, and knowing that, he would have to sacri fice to a certain extent his Conservative friends, who had eulogised him, was firm for his country's rights. He (Mr. Price) well remembered at a banquet in the Ade laide Town Hall, when Mr. Joseph Smith had been most rightly dismissed' from his position of Railways Commissioner, a num ber of Conservatives put him up to speak, and listened delightedly to his eulogy of Mr. Symon. On that occasion great was this 'Diana of the Ephesians,'' great was this Conservative god. Jsow this same man, because he had more Australian instinct than- love of money or love for his Conservative friends, was howled at when he took the position of defender of the Bill. (Mr. Solo- . mon— 'Was that the reason he' barracked for Mr. Kingston?') He did not know that he barracked for him. He was not the man who went there to talk on 'Current Topics.' It was others who did this, when they half-heartedls* supported Mr. King ston instead of speaking out- in favor of Mr. Kingston. What Sir. Symott said was — 'He supported Mr. Kingston as typpifying the duty Australians owed to themselves to suo port their own vote and their own referen dum. He had had many and deep differ ences with Mr. Kingston. These differences still existed. They were unhealed. He might differ from Mr. Kingston again. From that very platform, it might be in the hearing of come now present, he had de nounced Mr. Kingston and his Govern ment, but by no means 'beyond what he thought the circumstances warranted. Ie might denounce him again. If his public actions merited it he would not hesitate to do so. Bui our country's welfare is our first concern.' That was where the union took place be tween these two great men — where public welfare came in they were prepared to sink their differences and pufl together for the good of Australia. (Mr. Solomon — 'I like to ate you (holding up Symon as a political hero.') He -would even hold the hon. mem ber up if he would only leave the flock he was following aad go over to where he na turally belonged. He was not really a Tory, and he was not fit for the lot he be longed to; it was only circum stances that put him there. He would say to him, 'Come out, bro ther, and sit over here.' He ad mired Sir. Bymtm for sayjng:^— 'These dif ferences were all as diist in the balancs compared with the vast national issue upon which Mr. Kingston now served his coon try. This great national issue overrode all lesser and personal questions. He could 'not allow these personal or political diffe rences to prevent him doing Mr. Kingston common justice, and publicly acknowledg ing before all the neqple of this country that in spite of obstacles and difficulties Mr. Kingston had stood -firm for the rights of tire people. It is in our service that he ie personally absent from this contest, and he (Mr. Syinon) would be a coward if he refrained because of public differences, or private Snimosities from remindi-ig toe people of the Southern district why Mr. Kingston was not there. Moreover, he hat no other way of showing his disapproval of those who had striven to cir cumvent (Mr. Kingston in his 'pub- lic duty and to help the antagonist against whom Mr. Kingston was contending.'' The only regret he had was that the Bill was no't passed as it left the referendum. That BiH was a sacred instrument after the people had spoken on it, and any tam pering with it had been done in the in terests of class as against the whole people. He was pleased at the pnrapeet that all -iSie colonies were coming into the 'federation. That hard-shelled Conservative, Sir John Forrest, had at last realised that he ought to put -die Commonwealth Bill before the people. His conduct was like that of the thief on the cross, who, just esatftly before he was going to die, cried 'Have mercy on me.' After he had done all he could to oppose the Bill by encouraging the Legisla tive Council of West Australia to throw it out, by sending a delegate to England to get amendments put in'to it, Sir John Forrest had decided to refer the Bill to a referendum. He was pleased to think they would have Sir John with them in para dise. He was glad to find Bhat the Gov ernment had decided to send u*- to 'the Legislative Council the reform proposals, the Early Closing Bill, the Workmen's Compensation BUL and the Land Values Assessment Bill. He hor-ed the Council would deal wisely and justly with them. While he felt warmly on the question of clause 74 he trusted the Opposition woul- not be afiowed to use it as a whirlwind to -raise a dust which should obscure the minds of the -people about household suf frage. It would be a very clever trick ii they did, and the addresses of such Oppo sitionists as bad yet spoken seemed to point to the fact that they were trying it on. He. however, intended to refer to the Bill, and he was only sorry that the stand ing orders did not allow him to read to die House the whole of Mr. Kingston's mani festo. If it could be put in 'Hansard' or cn the records of the House ft would be wise to do so, because a greater document never crossed the water from the .old coun try to South Australia. He only regretted that it was somewhat lengthy, because pe-j- pie were naturally tired, and possibly some of them did not go light through it. It was a masterpiece, as far as putting the case for the Legislative Council was con cerned. (Mr. Solomon — 'It was in the '?Herald' first.) That was ndt the same. (Mr. IScdomon— 'He paid for it the second time, that is the only difference.') He was not the editor of the 'Herald,'' and did not know their secrets. The proper thing to do would be to read the whole o£ it — (Mr. Solomon — ^'Hear, hear') — not for the purpose of obstructing business, as Mr. Solomon wished, but for the instruc tion of the people. No member could deny that they -were face to face with a dead Jock in our political machinery as -far as the wishes ef the people of South Austra lia were concerned. They had declared that they were in favor of household suf frage, and a. section of the people had de clared against it, and the Legislative Coun cil obeyed the section.- It did' not trouble him where Mr. Kingston or Mr. Holder were in 1894 or 18ft5. All he wanted to know was that a Bill was now before the Legislative Council providing that a sub stantial two-roomed house shall confer a vote on the occupier. (Mr. Solomon — 'Detached or semi-detached V') That was tommy-rot. Mr~SOLOMON— I must really pull you up. The SPEAKER— The hon. member was not referring to a debate in the House. Mr. PRICE said he -was referring to tommyrrot spoken outside, but Mr: Solo mon had a guilty conscience, and took it to liiiuself. This talk about detached or semi- detached was all nonsense, because on the face of the Bill it said a 'house' of two rooms. In this the Government did not bow the knee to the Labor Party, as they were often charged with doing, but were endeavoring to meet the views of the Opposition. They had tried to do this first with the £15 franchise. The Opposition often said thev were in favor of a. reasonable ex tension of the 'franchise, but when they were offered the £15 franchise they kicked it out. Then Mr. Ebenezer Ward said — ''If you will not go for the £15 franchise, go for the Solomon proposal,' and they rejected that also. The Opposition stated that under household suffrage j. wurlie or a tent would have a vote, and that there would be faggot voting, and the Government replied, 'We will wipe all that out, and give you a chance of voting for such a reasonable extension of givins' votes to the occupiers of houses of two rooms substantially built. Let them have a 4J-in. wall around it if they liked. Mr. McKen zie might laugh, but he had known in the country where a 3-in. slab house covered many a noble man and woman. If it liad not been for the 3-inch slab ot his constituents Mr. McKenzae would not now be in the House. A two-roomed cot tage is-as put down as a homo, and the Go vernment bad done trhe right thing. It showed they were anxious to brinz about a reasonable compromise -with tlie Legisla tive Council elections. He looked forward to the time when those who now refused the vote for the Legislative Council .would ask those, whom they deprived of the right, to elect them to the Federal Parliament. He hoped fhe people would say to them, ''You are afraid to trusi us with a vote ior the Lesislitive Council, end we -*-iH not trust you to handle the vital interests of our future in the Federal Parliament. He contended that the last elections were not a defeat for the measure. Although the Liberals did not carry ihe two seals m the Central district thev would have done -o liad it not been for the machinations of the National Defence league. There were onlv Hr- votes between the top man ana The bottom man, and die Conservatives elbowed out Mr. Parsons, wuo had done so much for them. They sought long and keenlv for another candidate, a man wjio had a clean sheet, Mr. \ aidon. llie* IooUed for a man in live touch -.vitn the churches, a -man who was a teetotaller, an employer, anil a. good employer at that. They wanted a man who 'was against household sullrage, but Liberal in everything else. He con tended that it wa* a Liberal victory to get Mr. Vardon in, and he believed Mr. \ ar donV votes in the future would snow it. The Conservatives, however, had got him to say he was against household sufirage. f Mr. Vardon had been in favor of hou»e. hold suffrage he would have got m -???«£ as easily ay he did. (Mr. Solomon— 'I'll} s'aug'htered Kobinwm.'') Robinson was not dead. He lived to come again. His place was taken by another Liberal, Air. Cirkpatrick, and no one was more «-rry for Mr. Robinson's defeat than lir. Kirk patriek. The Conservatives might boast of a victory, but it was a vie ton- that was got by the sacrifice of all their principles for the sake of one —household suffrage. He thought they were going to get some good from Mr. var don, as a Liberal. In the Southern dis trict Mr. Kingston would 'have been elec ted if he had been here, and if the mem bers of the Assembly in that district had not gone at-out saying— '1-ook here, we don't want him for the local Parliament We will keep him for the Federal.' Could the members deny that? It was not tae policy to condemn ilr. Kingston, because they could not. They spoke kindly of him. but they deluded the people. (Mr. fcolo mon— 'if there had been a second mail out you would not have got Gordon in.' ) That was one of the difficulties. Lots J people were afraid of losing Mr. Gordon. The SPEAKER— Does the honoraDle member think the details of the last elec tionbave anything to do with the motion; Mr. PRICE would deal with the matter generally. He had the figures, but womj not go into them. Mr. Kingston conld ha\ e got in in the Northern district -with great ease. The tactics there were the same as ia the Central district, and Ebenezsr Ward, a good old faithful Tory hack, who had worked hard for his party, was sacri ficed, and a man of the same character as \Tt V-ardnn uras elected. The men at Port Pirie voted for Mr. Duncan be-»n*c he was a white man, a decent man, mm a clean man. It was not a question of bouw hold suffrage; it was the selection of a good, honest, straightforward man, with a clean sheet, and the day was coming when those qualifications would be more con sidered than they had been in tiie past. (Mr. Von Doussa — 'They could not have thought much of household suffrage.'; There were some qnestions which somo people considered absolutely vital, such, for instance, as the capitation grant. Some electors considered it a sacred duty to vote for the candidate that supported that, ir respective of his attitude on other ques tions. In the north one Liberal was in favor of it, and the Conservative-Liberal, Mr. Duncan was against it, and scores of people voted for Mr. Duncan because of his opposition to it. (Mr. Gilbert— 'How about Tcnnant?') The man running against him was not very popular, and the question boiling in people'-* brains at that time was the totalizator, and it was that that returned Mr. Tennant. It was said there was a triumphant march of the forces against household suffrage in the North-Eastern district. They knew why Mr. Basedow withdrew. The National De fence League sent letters round asking what chances there were of getting him in, and they would have returned him whether he had (loyal viewE or not. So much for the loyalty of some Conservatives. They had better sense than to send him to the poll, and withdrew him; but the sting was there. He believed. Mr. Basedow's German paper that it would not mention anyone personally, but the German resi dents were advised to vote against house hold suffrage. Mr. Basedow had the sting in hie heart for having to withdraw, and he had the sting in his pen when he wrote those articles. It was not house hould suffrage* the Conservatives were de termined to kill someone, and they killed Billy Russell— as good, honest, and straight forward a politician as ever went into the Legislative Council. When the members of No. 1 room had slighted him by march ing out and leaving the chamber vacant, he had stood in his place and advocated the rights of the producers. One of the candi dates was at one time a Liberal, who actually pleaded with the Government to run him, and at last he found a place in the bosom of the Conservatives, and an other plaoe that was not very creditable to. him for the way he got there. The Liberals said they had not been defeated over the Legislative Council elections. Every word of Mr. Glynn's speech went to prove that we had a deadlock between the two Houses, and we had no means of settling such a question as household suf frage without perpetuating the struggle. Mr. Playford had said that the only method of settling; such a difficulty was a revolution. (Mr. Playford— 'No, I did not say that; I said that unless you could change the views of ihe constituency of the Legislative Council the only way was a revolution.'' Mr. Solomon — ^'They made a lot of that statement.') Yes, they did and it was quite true. The provision in the Commonwealth Bill for such a dead lock showed the necessity for improving our own constitution. He was prepared to take another referendum on household suffrage, and he believed the vote would be two to one in favor of it. The figures of the last, election proved that the section was indeed very small that would re sist the demand of the people who elected the members of the Assembly. He expected the Earij- Closing and Work men s Compensation Bills to be passed bv the Legislative Council. (Mr. Solomon— !Th-?y are-iot auch a bad lot, after all then. ) The two new members there, Messrs. Duncan and Vardon, were pledge, t?IOt^-for jt' _- ComBe; to paragraph 14 °£.??e Governor's speech— (Mr. &)k-mon— What does tJiat paragraph mean?') He toot it that it meant there was to be a popular, convention. On the question of the alteration of tie constitution conse quent upon Federation various member; had expressed their views. Mr. Solomon's proposal was that there sSKxrid be a reduc tion of the saSaries of hon. members. (Mr Sotomon— rNo. I gave you several sug gestions.') That was the principal sug gestion. Then. Mr. Tucker proposed that everytlra«- should be cut down by one-half. It reminded him of his first visit to the waxworks. There ie saw a nmmber of wax figures. King Solomon was seated on his throne, and in front of him were-bwo or three women and & soldier, who was hold ing up a Httle baby with one hand, whilst the other grasped a big sword, with which he threatened to split the child in two. -That was tive means adopted by King Soio raon to determine which of the women was the child's mother. Mr. Tucker's pro pot-al reminded him of the wisdom of King Solomon, twit, of course, the hoiu member was like Solomon in a good many other respecta. Then there was Mr. CaHweWs delightful proposal to abolish payment of members for the Upper House. The adop tion of thai, coarse would mean a weaken ing of the Legislative CouociL by die ex clusion of the labor members, who had been aide to get there under the present limited franchise. It meant once more making die Conservative House still more Conservative. Tlie-i be eatne to the sug gestion tfaat was made by Mr. Bice dariiis tbe recent Northern campaign. That gentleman's proposal wan that the two Houses should sit together — one part elec ted upon an extended franchise, and for a longer tenure. Then, the Gorermnant had come down last session ?with a proposal to reduce the ttvo Houses by one-tliir-3. Here were a number of delightful propositions, and the Government were asked to bring down a --olicv ii-Km tha? matter. (Mr. Solomon — 'What is your policy upon it?') He could see fay the expressions that had already fatten from hon. members {hat if the Government bro-igbx down a. Bill dealing with tie matter fully, tfhere would be a --p!endid opportunity for talk, lor wire-puHing, and for the unmaking and making of Irtlf a duzen Ministries. (Mr. Playford — 'And nothing done after all.') He deprecated tlbe attempt made in «mie quarters to discredit the local Parliament. When Federation was in the wind he ut tered a warning t4iat Federal union would have a tendency To discount the local Legifibture. He remembered that Mr. Kins-.- ton ;it that time said there nevir would be any danger of that tort, ami that tlie dignity, power, and effectiveness of the local Pariiaroents would always have to be maintained. He feared, however, there had been a weakening of the importance of tilie SouSli Australian Parliament. He could see it all round. Durin? the last election members went before their constituent.-, and owing to what 'had been repoatedly «iid in the two daily newspapers of .Ade laide, which, for some reason or other, dur ing tlie j-a=t three or four years, and par ticularly sinf-e t?ie advent of the party lo which he belonged, had been casting slurs on Parliament and Parliamentary hie, de clared that when Federation was a-rconi- plished the cost oi riic Legislature wonlc hava to )*? --*u down. l.llx. Grainger— 'lbs work i- cut down i-y a half.') lt-v.i-not. On liii.- jioiiahc would road the iarefully prei.-tred i-euiarksuf Mr. Uii-e, iviio said: — 'it is ;i^tniii-lim^ that -ui-ii a i-rmle an-l immature -ironosa] should have gziinwlany acfepiiinri.-. 1'iie si'Iictue lias not upen backed by any arjjunK'iiN, liiou^h .xmie have acii'jKfld it as initirjitiiii; Hie -nily coin-.-e. H has been iwlilly as^ru-d ihat. all the important (lowers arc ti-ansfcrreil from ibo loi-al. lo the Federal Parliaments consequently no necessity exists lor .? --pend- ing *o much* on the loiul in-iiiutiou. There lias been no attempt on Hie part .-f tho^e w*uo make ti-i.s assertion, as a reason ior the drastic reform advocated, to epitomise ihe transferred *-o\vei-. That can !-e easily done by a detailed reference to the 52nJ c!au»e of the Commonwealth Bill, and by makins a comparison with the B'lis. dealt ?wiili during a ueriod of thue by the local Parliament. Willi a view to testing the truth «f tiie statement I have_ taken out tlie work done during the past five sessions or Parliament from 1891 to 1898 inclusive, and I iiud -cliai 282 Bills were dealt with. Of that nuuvber only 16 were of such a charac ter as 'would remove them from the juris diction of the local Parliament. Of tiiess sixteen, seven dealt ivith maritime ;natters; three with Customs and escise, one with conciliation, one with quarantine, two with immigration, and one with patent laws. Weight is given to my argument when du plication is taken into account, for only seven distinct subjects were dealt with. It will be clearly seen from these figures xhat the argument for reducing the number of members of Parliament on the ground of transferred powers fails completely.' (Mr. Grainger — 'Xo, it doesn't/') It did. He ?was convinced that any attempt to dis count tlie influence of the loeal Parliament would be a step in the ivronff direction. If the membership of the two Houses was rednced by one-half, it would then only re quire six members to form a majority in another place. Personally he could not trust si-; men. Tn Parliamentary life there was safety in numbers. To-day No. 1 room controlled another place. Ever since the women had been enfranchised -the member* of that room had been working to obtain control of the other House. Thirteen men entirrfy controlled it now. How much easier -would it be to get six men to con trol it? Only since his advent to public life he had learned that there -were insti tutions which were a power in the land, and -which could and did influence mem bers of Parliament. (Mr. Solomon— 'My suggestion as to a reduced -salary instead of a reduced number is evidently the safest.') He was simply emphasising the danger of having small Houses. It would be said doubtless. 'Oh, you arc fighting ior your own scat and place.' He 'hoped, how ever, t'liat '.hi'ii! w;is some little good .left in a man after hu had been a few yeans in politics, and thai he rfill had some desire to -protect, the interests of the people whom lie re]iroenled. He warned mem bers midor no circumstances to go in for -m:tll Houses wnrre tlie influence of money and otlier influences could be brought to Ue:ir i-puii ilium. What did they find t-v day? They found tlie Chief Justice of ilic colony actually declaring in writing I that political influence could be brought to . bear '''ion a judge. (Mr. 'Solomon — 'Who said that?'') Chief .lustice Way said so. Thcreuiion. tTicir friend Che 'Register'' im mediately said lliat the Chief Justice must be referriug to Charlie Kingston, tie oause no other man would do such a naughty thing. That newspaper conld think of no individual who would -lo such a naujrhtr thing other than rliat noble j sjieL-imc-n of South Aufitralian politicians. Mr, Kings-ton. (Mr. ?Solomon— 'I 'choug-ht it was .Syiuoii who referred to 'Cha-riber- ; Iain's bribe.' ') He was -'peaking of ihr' second letter 'by ihe Chief Justice, wha oiurut never to have interfered in politi cal matters at all, and then his name would not have been mentioned. The point he wished to make was, ''If influence can be brough't. to bear on judges who are sur rounded Iby all -the protection which it is possible to give -them, how much easier is it to bring pressure to fcear on member^ of Parliament, and if 'the Houses are small will there not be a danger that rhe inte- I rcs'rs of tlie community may be lost whilst ' the interests of certain sections are con served?' (Mr. Grainger— 'It was not zo ' in the early days of tlie colony.'') Did the hon. member wirfji him to go back to the early days of the colonv under the old con stitution.? (Mr. Grainger— 'Yes.') We!!, I-.e would not go Iback there. He bebeved in government toy representation — (Mr. Grainger — ^*So do I.')— and he pointed out t'he danger of having numerically small Houses. The reduction in the salaries of members, that had been suggested, would only amount to about £5,0t- annually— a mere trifle, that would be thrown awav in fireworks on Peace Day. He had heard ic asked — 'Way should you have a conven tion largely composed of members who will 'be going away to the Federal Parliament?' He did not know who was going to the Federal Parliament, and he hoped that a lot of those who said they were going would never get there. At the same time he thought it would be a good thing to let those members who would be going away to the Federal Legislature hare a hand in deciding what -was best for The people of vSoirth Australia. Possibly it was a mistake to pass the Bill of last, session, which debarred a member from sitting in two Legislatures. He was not afraid of letting men who had gone to the Federation lake a part in framing our local constitution. The whoie thing v.-as surrounded with difficulties, and he only hoped we would be able to do what is right. The land laws, the education question, aud social and industrial legisla tion were of vital importance, and he warned tlie House not to do anything rashly, or to t-ater for a feeling which is in the air that Parliament is too big. U was not a fact that Parliament had over grown it-self in South Australia. In Vic toria and New South Wales the --eop!e did not contemplate interfering with the locil Parliament-*. Parliamentary life here had i-een so cut into that it was said t'he clerks could not get. proper paper and pens to write with. In Victoria and New South Wales legislators got bigger salaries than here, and liberal allowances, while here it was becoming the proper thing to dis count Parliament. Since the advent of his party in politics the dignity of the House had not been impaired, its debating power had not been, marred, and its activity and anxiety to do good work had not been reduced. Yet he found that because wheat had been at 2/6 a bushel, and the farmer might have had a bad time, or the worker had his screw re duced, people thought it right to say, I 'Reduce Parliament by one-half.' It was 1 a dangerous thing to do, and it behoved everv member to declare for the dignity and 'usefulness of the local Parliament, ir respective of the great approach of Federa 'The Hon. T. PLAYFORD irould not have risen but for some remarks made by the last speaker. If rhe hon. member had known the facts of the case he would cer tainly not have made the disgraceful re marks he did regarding Mr. Chamberlain's conduct. With his leaving the Liberal Party and joining the Unionists, we had nothing to do. It was for the people of the mother country to deal with him on those subjects, and from what he knew of the feelings of the English people they certainly exonerated Mr. Chamberlain from the charges which i£r. Price had levelled against him. As to the charge that Mr. Chamberlain had been tricky with regard to clause 74, such a statement was ntteiiy untrue. Tlie SPEAKER— The hon. member is not in order in saying that the statement of another hon. member is utterly untrue. The Hon. T. PLAYFORR wouH say it was not correct, and he did not- tiink the hon. member would1 have ma-le it ifhe had not been prejudiced against Mr. Ciambrr lain, whose conduct with regard jj the Hill had been absolutely straightforward from the commencement. 'Whei the Convention wus discussing the part of the Bill dealing with tie judiciary in! tlie right of appeal Mr. Chamberlain onimu nicated in a rtraightforward wi» with Mr. Reid and gave him hit view** (ilr. Solomon— 'Mr. Reid kept them tt him self.') Kot altogether. He paic them to the members of the Conventii-« who were drafting those particular clausis. He was sure that when Mr. Kingston re turned he would 6liv riiat Mr. Ciuinber lain's conduct towards the de'ega-*s haJ been the right and correct one. ' From his slight, knowledge of i!r. Uianberlain he could say he was a man who always speaks out liis mind, and he was certain from what that gentleman said t* him (Mr. Playiord) at' the time the Conven tion was. sitting that the colonies never had a more ardent Federalist in Englaal than Mr. Chamberlain. He defied tie hon. member to bring up an instance where he could say Mr. Chamberlain had ac*ed in a tricky manner. (Mr. Price— 'What did he want to write all over the colonies for the information when he had the dele gates at home?') In order to get Ul the information he possibly could so as to enable him to arrive at a just conciision. He had tried to meet the delegates in every possible way. (Mr. Hutchson— 'Do you think the delegates 'were not able to - represent - ? the ^vhole people?') Mr. Chamberlain hal a perfect right to get the infornntion from all the sources he could, and tc hear botli sides of the question a'bout clau-e 7t In the first instance he did not appnve oi the action of the Government in seidin; home a delegate; he thought it a mistake. But he -tid seen occasion to alter hi* views. We did not then know of tfc un derhand writing and the pressure br»ugii to bear on the Colonial Secretary bj per sons occupying high positions in several a? the colonies. We did not know of tie se cret and unofficial co-r.-nunications pja3? by such men, who should -be heiriily ashamed of themselves for writing aerret communications. One of these gentleuea had said he would defy anyone to say from his -writings what his views really ware, but he thought anyone reading the conaui nic&tion; in question must see fhe inpres sion which it was desired to make oi Mr. Chamberlain's mind. He would say oimis takably -that these men should be hetrtily ashimed of themselves ior the *ray tttf) I bar acted. Their actions justified him ia I saving it was a wise tiling to send the dele* I Sales home. A good many criticisms -had I bet-t levelled at ihe Government, and us I must say that in sending these telegram*. I and noting .what 'coot place, the actioi* of I t?ie Government looked very pectrliir. It 1 did seem very pecaliar that our Govern- I me-t should say at first that they approved' I of the alteration made, and afterwards 1 saj- that they did not. - But it I nusi be remembered that since the ] referendum was taken great changes I itai occurred, and all the Governments I th~h in office, vrith the exception of our I cub, had gone out. In almost every case 1 the new Ministers were eifher opposed to I Federation or lukewarm, and our Premier 1 was placed in a critical position in trying I to' ge: a united expression of -opinion from 1 ti* various Govemroen- ti-. The letter of In- I sanction to the delegates wasvof such a j character that anyone reading it would bo 1 exceedingly puzzled to know what the Pre- 1 Triers really meant. Ko 'fault could be I Sound with the conduct of Messrs. Barton, ] 'Beakin, Kingston, and Sir Phillip Fyeh, I «md where they had to give way they made ] -the best compromise possible. It was true j thai when Mr. Kingston wished to pu& j fhe clause he did not mind his language, j ind -mother champion -of tiie clauses-Mr. j J. H. Symon— had made his statements ia j a style and a language -with which they j could not all agree. We had now a com- j promise which is fairly satisfactory; in fact to bis mind it was better than tie original clause, although he would have U*ed to met \ that clause --ass. Tne-dimcalt-r seemed to uim to be that the Australian Omit of Ap. . j peal would never' giant the right «f ap peal to the Privy 'Gounca, because it wooU ' ' ' \ be equivalent to ihe Federal judges saying \ that they were 'not competed to deride 4 question affecting our own, constitution, Kow, was it likely *hat *he judges of the Federal Court of Appeal would consent to imply that?- (Mr. Grainger— 'The judges may be 'almost equally divided.'! Ihe majority would rule, and they would also express the will of the court, so mat. ter what it might be. In 99 cases oat *-f ; 100 they -prere the best judges in ihe matter. , Like Mr. Homburg, he had not Bhe slightest fear that though 'thi was « small c/flony any dispute betm-een us add the Federal Government would be deall with 'honorably, fairly, and ? straighfcfoiv ward]--. In the United States, when there was a. Supreme Court, in which jap peals in relation to states and prij-ate -in-J dividuals were heard, the yery ijeat-tradi' tibits of 'the English judiciary -were upheld. 