EVANGELIST HARWARD'S MISSION The ten days' protracted meeting, con- ducted by Evangelist Harward, of Fitzroy and formerly of America, was continued on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday evenings in the Church of Christ, when there was fair attendance.. On Sunday two meetings were held in the School of Arts, but the afternoon one was poorly attended. The speaker announced that he had intended to de-- liver an address on "Character Building," for the benefit of the young children, but as the audience was largely adults and Christians, he had changed his mind and his theme would be "How to Study the Bible." There was nothing more instruc- tive than the Word of God. As they had text books of law, science, etc., so they had a text book of religion.In Corowa they had four or five religious bodies who had little to do with each other, and yet all were professedly serving the same God, and striving to lead the people to the same heaven. All these bodies had their source in the Word of God, but some did not handle it right. Scrip- ture was quoted in many cases but not always rightly. No mailer what body they belonged to they would be judged according to the revelation God had given them. Thry found in tlie bible 06 !»»k«, whirh had been given at dif fer- nt jvrifhU for over 1000 yeara. \VI| m th-v Mulied tluie buok t!icv hmild con- idcr four qurathna Whuli apeak- lug ; «> whom ia he vaking ; timler wtot.|i«|Hmi«t,nntithia man .peaking ; n.1 for what purpose ia Iro -peaking, fbry bad 39 UkiIh in the old frttametit add ir they nnalyard ile contmti iLry would find there were five tooki of law —the law of Motes- from Joahua to Mther were bonk of history, then five buok-ufa pdniral nature, and the re maining 17 book wrre book of prophecy. In tiro new tr«i,nnrnt they found that the brat fern took were the biography or life of Je«u« I'hriit. Then came the Act of the Apoitlca, There waa nu book lea unJcrvtood than thU oar, which pre- acotnl tn thrm tiro commiuioo of the «pn«llr# to spread the ittol tiding tu lu.t men. The ipicMiuii ' What mint 1 do tn be saved T waa anwered in Ibat bwok. Then yam tiro KpitLle, or letter to (hriatiai)«, explaining bow they wrre to lead a Cbriitien life. The loat book was Revelation., which wa the b prophecy io the new teitament. The bible wa often rai«-uid sod mta-treeteiL In that w»»nl wa preroidcd to them either life In thr acrvire of Jeaut urdf.tl, iu the aerviiM nf the devil. If there wa anyone prcaent who wa not in the arrvico of J«u« Chrit bo woubl urge them to at once turn to the Lord and aerve Kim. In the evening there was a much larger attendance and the speaker aunouum as hi kiibjeet, "The ouprenro Question." A lie hail itudinl the hildc he found It to contain »ome af the iuo«t important queationa that had ever rome from human bp, lie believed that the inoit aupreine qunliou that nmbl be found waa the question of their atlvaliun. It waa s question which ramc from the munlerer on the ihy of Pentecost. He believed It wa the supreme question of everyone in Cinmn — " Wliut mint I do to be aaved I" They may not pay any attention to it, i toy may neglret it, ilroy may laugh in the presence of it, but at the aame time If they brought to thrir souls the greet question tiicy could find the answer. Vet tlroy found that many thought of it in the wrohg way. They thought the amount of money a man left when he died hod suinitliing lo du with it, but had they ever realised that when tnan dird he waa only wdrth what lie took with hint. If he waa urol lie wa worth much, but If UIUiVmI he sr.) vnrlh fiAllitn., In il. eyre of God. If tlroy brought to that p'.itfonu all the gold ia Amtralada ami llic tide deola of ull the land within 100 miles of L'orawa, and also laid on lite platform their aouIs, which would ba the t» »at valuable I Kvrrynae would admit lbs! tbeir «ml were the most valuable. Juu< laid, " What shell it profit a man if he gain thu wlmte world ami line hi own soiil r When they naked this supreme qiitMlion lie could say that there wu no azlvatinn nutiide Jeaiu Chriit. It mat (era not how good n eitizcu s man may be, if be was nut s follower ef Christ there could be no salvation. Tho blood of Gol'e Son cleansed them from all sin. Without Him there could be no answer lo the supreme question, for Jrtn died to bring them to God. There were million tio- saved became they were unvtilliog to do what Christ demanded of them. Tlroru -was that which He had done that they might be saved, nnd tberc wa what they must do to receive that blearing. It waa not s qur«tion of what Abriham, Noah, or David had to do to he eavrd, but what they had to do on that day. It wa in the preieat diepensatiim that they were to enter into salvation. Christ died tn bring them to God ; he wae buried and rote again on the third day, Thiwadoiio on their behalf snd they should seek to know whet they must do for Him He would point out what tliev until do to be aaved. First, there were two personal action. The first one wa faith, which implied knowledge, belief and trust. Tiro second one was repen- Ututt, which was simply tho turning away from sin. Faith ami repentance wero -imply personal action. Then there were two public actions,— confesiion sad baptism. Tlroy must acknowledge before men their frith in the divine Chritf, ami with regard to bapthin, Jcaut had said "Go ye, therefore, and baplizo them in the name of tiro Son, thu Father, and the linly Ghost." There were many people who did not like baptim, but it they care fully study the subject of salvation tlroy would find that bapiimj waa always entered into, if they wanted to to saved they would find it wai a very easy matter. There wu so much prejudice, and they were so aicd to having someone to preach am) pray for tlrom that they did cot do anything for themielvea. Next to (lie two public actions enme two blessing). The first wee pardon. Peter had aaid, "Repent, snd be baptised for the rerai- ilou of yonr iin," snd therefore pardon waa be first thing promised them. Tho eccoju! bleating' waa tiro gift of spirit. After tlroy had done tlroao thing ami received the bleating! there were a great many obligation resting upon them, sod they found that there was promised tiro crown of life. If there ws any nf them not saved that nighi, tm mailer what their position may be, they could not be eavrd by soy other way than the one set forth. There was not a salvation for him and another for the Governor of Now S tulli Wales. Were they willing lo repinin in 8sviour. Everything they held as Mered wai so by the religion ol Jcsu Gliriei. Wu he not worthy ef the very best offer they oould give. Some were llf followers si far as they coubl see tbo light, but ID had said " Keep My Commandment." anil they wero not obedient to all his commandments, The preacher conrludrd hie address by exhorting Ills hearers to eame out In the pretence of the audience and acknowledge their faith in Cbriat. Last night the mission wee continued io the Church of Christ, wliei Mr. Her ward gave his subiect lo s fair audience, " Tbo suburbs of sodom." An set to provide that the expression "nnxioui animal" is (he Failures and Stock Protection Act, 1898, ihall Include rabbits, hoi been saaeoted to. On Sunday Hit Mr. Houchini preached at tiro Church of ClirRt in Fiizroy, taking the idace of KvangclHt Harward, who ii conducting s misrioo In Corows. Mr. J.King, of Wahgunyah and Miss French, of Greta, were married at the residence of the bride's parents on Wednesday last. A reward of £100 is offered for eucli in furmution an shall lead to the apprehen sion and cooviction of tbo men who shot Constable Edward George Ward In Ox ford itreot, Sydney, oo the 22ad last. 