VAGABOND PAPERS, BY JOHN FOSTER FllASER. LI.-EXUU.SM HOLIDAYS AM) GIRLS. Many families are now in the throes of i^mflict about where ami how the summer holidays shall be spent, in the JJrown fa mily the feud over the choice of a place this year has got to such a pitch that every body has everybody il-e by the ears, and Lydia-the languishing young lady of f;age green frocks and Kensington art schools, who is thirsting to see picture-galleries in Italy-has wished she were dead b:-eause father, being a dull commercial man, hints -that business has not been good this year, and suggests a quiet village 0:1 the East Coast, where there will be fevr people and rooms will be inexpensive. What he actu ally said was '?I'm tired of making hard work of a holi day. It's 110 fun to me, girls, being dragged through Fiance and Germa-ay, to be laughed at by a lot of waiters because I don't under stand their confounded lingo. Torquay is very nice, but you know 1 don't care for walking up and down all the mornhig, star ing at people, and being stared at. J dare say it's all right for you girls to show off y,'ur new frocks, ami to see otlnr girls' fiocks. But it's tiring to your old father. No, girls, 1 want this year to have a change. 1 want to have a quiet holiday in a.nice vil lage, where we ca-,i wear our old clothes." ? A shiver ran through the fair forms of the four Brown girls. "Wear old clothes!" tlicy sighed, rolling their' eyes, and then sit: tuig limp in their chairs. ' "Where thwe will be no men," said Ethtl. the elder. "And no band," mused Gwen. '"And no promenade," pictured Mabel, the tallest and prettiest, and who always looked decidedly well in the morning march up and down the front. '"The East Coast!" sobbsd Lydia. '"Oh, father, don't you know there are 110 sunsets 011 the East Coast. Father smoked his cigar, granted that no man was ever plagued with such a lot of girls, and capitulated at last with an, "Oh, well, decide among yourselves. I'll agree to anything for peace, so uon't bother me for the'next six weeks. Now, w.ll that ?atisfy yuu'r" ' The girls threw their arms about him, and Ethel kissed him on the bald patch' and call ed him a dear old dad. Meanwhile Mrs. Brown is sitting; by the wi-.idow doing needlework. For 'the last; thirty years ho lidays have been the misery of her life, though just now she is philosophic. SWKET S1STKHS. The Ik-own girls arc among the nicest girls I know. Everybody in Kensfngton knows the four Brown girls. They're the most devoted sisters born. Once the Vicar made a reference to them from the pulpit. At least nobody knew whom else he could be alluding to when he talked about four sisters who were models of affection, sweet ness, and good w;orks. He had been study ing them for three days at a charity bazaar. Certainly, to see the four girls fol low their father and mother up the aisle on a Sunday morning is n sermon in itself. You are sure any one of them would make "a sacrifice for the other. You don't know, however, that exactly twenty minutes be fore thex-e was a great row at the house of the Bi^bwns because Gwen had helped her self to one of Ethel's lace handkerchiefs, and Ethel had told Gwen she was a thiev ing little animal who would steal anything, and that Mabel had declared she * would never, never speak to Lydia again, because Lydia had done her hair in the. style of, some heathen goddess on caDvas at the j Royal Academy, which made her, according to Mabel, "a disreputable fright." At pre sent-in consequence of a debate last night -not one of the four speak to one another. That is, they do exchange an odd word, but it is 'very short. Father having left the place of holiday to the girls, they are all miserable. Ethel wants, to.go to Scotland: As she is approaching twenty-nine years, she -is-'dignified,-and calls girls of-twenty- six silly because they send to the library for the latest novej. To show her superiority j;to the passing craze she has been re-reading 1 Sir Walter Scott, and wants to' see the I "mountains and-the mist. Gwen, the frivol I ous one, insisted that.the proper place to fo is Paris, and there see the Exhibition. label declared it stupid to go to Scotland, wheire it was sure to rain, and mad to go to .Paris, which would be overcrowded and un comfortable. She wanted beautiful Swit zerland, chiefly because she is an athletic fir], and knows that a mountaineering ress becomes her exceedingly well. Lydia, on the ground she is not a great strong cart liorse-a hit at Mabel-not an excitement seeking ninny-a slap at Gwen-nor an old frump-an unkind thrust at Ethel-says she wants to dream a month or two in the quaint old streets of Florence. . "You dream away," said Gwen:. "but what I think would be evod fun would be to have dinner every night right on top of the Eiffel Tower." A HOLIDAY MINISTER. Honestly, I am sorry for the Brown girls. They're charming girls, each of them, if they hadn't sisters. I don't know whether it's the same with other families, but these hate one another like poison, but would kill with a glance anybody who dared to say anything nasty also. One of these days brutal men will come along and marry these girls. They will be simply delightful then, because they will do exactly what they want, and be willing to gush over one another's baby. It is a mistake to think that a mother is the most enthusiastic person over a baby. She is modesty itself compared with a girl who . lias become an aunt. Tor the avoidance of disruption in otherwise amiable families holidays are things that should never be left to be de cided on by discussion. They should be de termined autocratically, by the head of the household if he has the courage, but prefer ably by a 'Minister of Holidays, an official of the State. At the general election I dan; say the candidates will talk about the Transvaal, and the partition of China, and the'' franchise for women. Now, if I were a candidate my opponent wouldn't have the ghost of a chance. My programme would be happiness and holidays. It is allitera tive and would please. Then when I got into Parliament I would make myself a nuisance until a Vacation Department were created, and if I were offered the Directorship at £5,000 a year I would not be so sillily 'modest as to refuse. Every father knows the "ructions," the squab bles, the free fights at home, deciding each year where he shall take his family. In the future all he will have to do will be to appear before me, and something like the following dialogue will take place: '?'What's your name?" "Drown, sir; have wife-lady who would rather not go holidays at all; four daughters who never agree." "Pretty?" "Yes, sir; if I may judge from the num ber of young fellows who have nothing better to do than take afternoon tea at our house." "What's your income?'' "Two thousand a year, though-though well, in the income tax returns it's only marked eight hundred." '"Humph! Where have you been?" "Llandudno, Dieppe, Torquay, Scar borough, Buxton." "Better have a month abroad. Go to Switzerland for three weeks, and let your wife and daughters have a week's shopping in Paris o" the way back." "Thank you, sir. Good day, sir." You see the scheme. Fathers I know will admire it. The girls have got to go to Switzerland, and that's an end of it.. liOI.lDAX llEl'OUM. Holidays-and if you think of it calmly you will agree-want a little reconstituting. 1 read in a paper the other day about four hundred working men in the North of Eng land who went for a trip to Paris. They started on the Friday evening, travelled by tram ami boat all night, ana got to Paris about breakfast time on Saturday morning. AH Saturday they went round Paris afc per spiring speed, and at dusk were pushed into railway carriages onee more, travelled ail r.ight again, and got home about the time thev ought to be at Church. You and i til ink this an awful way of having a holi day; bue 1 fancy we're juit as baa. Some of* us have nice comfortable homes, witii everything about us as we like, good cook ing, and a shady corner in the garden for ilie Sunday afternoon snooze, let under the idea ot' taking a holiday we go into sea sidy lodgings, pay exorbitant sums for sk commodation we should row about at home, get fearfully tired on long excursions, jostle with thousands on the "front," put up with no end of inconvenience, and still-strange animals that we are-insist we are having a really good time, and when we reach home declare that we are ever so much better for it. Or we go abroad. You fathers who have taken families abroad know what that means. Can you ever forget the tea you got on board ship? Don't you recall that crowd ed carriage on a sweltering July afternoon from Brussels to Basle? What is your honest: opinion about those hotel charges at Lu cerne? And did you ever know before the amciiut of bottled-up indignation that was in your wife till vou heard her remarks when the Italian Customs' .people insisted on opening her boxes and spreading the con tents on a counter to make sure slie wasn't smuggling cigars, or perfumes, or lace into the country? Hut we will take holidays in sprite of -ill these terrors. The complaint is recurrent every year;.and for the sake of peace in households I suggest to the Brown families of the lanc^ kiss one another, write your favourite hauntis on slips of liaper, and draw, one from a hat. It savours of gambling, but it does away with mutual disparage ment. 