; Jottings. « ' — : — TEOM OVB BTDNKV COBMaPONPBNT. There trill be a racanoy sbuUlj io a aoutbera constituency through re ?ignatiorj. JonrnattBt Qninn. who represents Bligh Divfaloo, ha* been personally investigating legislation in New Zealand. Tfa« pToiirestire should travel se much as notiible duiine leoeeaee. Sir Jospph Abbott beat ex-speaker Arnold's record of 9 years 4 months ?nd one day in (he Legislative chair on Friday last. Having done this Sir Joseph will not leave faie office with ae roach reluctance e* be othet ' -wise would hove. It ia extremely improbable that he will again risk the dangers oE listening to debates. Hie health wi51 not stand the strain. Boy politician Oaolfteld is on hie way from Brisbane to Melbourne where hie energy and fluency first distinguished him. Ho etatee he is perfectly satisfied with the work he performed in tbe thirsty, thriving North. He will tackle the Demon of Srinfc in ita Southern stronghold. In this awful Bummer beat and exciting Bushmen's season the people have forgotten all about its absent governor. Evidently Lord Beau obamp is a disappointed vice-regal representative. A certain tea merchant o* Sydney combines patriotism with business. fie donated a quantity ot tea io tbe Bushmen's contingent and had the donation with other trollies loaded with his tea — conspicuously breaded — paraded through tbe streets of Sydney. This brand of patriotism demands a prompt inquiry. Com marci&lism; must not be promoted with tbe blood of our brave llusbmen. Tbe question is who instructed the Bushmen to Accompany the vulgar procession ? The present may be. called the ' send off '' epooh in Australasian history. Nearly every man for the front has bad to- ettbmit to- at least a smoke concert in fa is honor and wild and wonderful has been tbe enthusi asm. Anyway, it is not every year, or even decade, the Empire lias so important war on. Without touching that touc y thing, the tariff, Mr. ' Works ' O'Sullivan his bit upon a plan for en couraging colonial industry, employ ing Our own people sod' keeping the preoious money in the country. IU has issuer} instructions that in certain lines the colonial produot must b» used in government works — always of eonr/Be, where qualitv and price aro not inconeistant with common senee and economy. Another important direction fay Mr. O'Sullivan is that men working in the country as laborers on toads, etc, will iu all cases receive the full 7» per d&t;, while skilled workmen will receive the Trades Union rite. Mr. O'Snllivan is a fight- r for tlie workers, and quite rigbt too. The question on many tongues : ' Will Cronje receive hisoonje?' There ie a melancholy possibility that the plagne in Sydney may eclipse ezoitemeat over tbe war. We live in stirring timep. It is remarkable how mnnr Roman Catholic ol«rgym«n in Aus tralia have brothers nr cousin* who are British in South Africa. Tho Array and tbe Church seem to run in Irish families. The last of the people directly con nected with the ' Fisher's Ghost ' tragedy — and comedy — of Campbell town has juut become a ghost him ?elf. The look of tbe old flint-look [list .1 of ' Bold Jack Donaboe,' the notor ions busbrangery has just been dis covered in Sydney. 'Constanoe Clyde' the getting known Bulletin writer, has sent u book of stories u home.' ?' Baldy ' Davis, M.P, for Sovrke refers to his laie opponent, the well known M.L.C., as a ?' Mr. E. D. Millen.' Satire from the Wmt! Annie fieaeant, the Theosnphica\ prieetees returns to Australia on a lecturing tonr nhortly. Although, a woman ehe wars againn war. What about in flnenoa after this I A would-be mt-mbet of the SuBhmen's contingent iu his application for en listment seat in testimonials from a supreme court judge, Mnjor-Qeneral Frenoh, Sir George Dibbe, lit. Lyne, Mr. See, Mr. Hastall, Mr. O'Sullivan, Sir Joseph Abbutt, many merchants and more magistrates and yet he was refused notwithstanding he passed tbe tests iu riding and shoot ing, was of good character and of military stamp. Moreover, bis wife had consented to his going to the front. Just now that rejected warrior is about tbe maddest man in Sydney and his remarks are free, fluent, foroible and unprintable. It in inter esting to learn of s case where over whelming influence ia itself over whelmed. Solicitor W. T. Griffin,' a brother of the lamented major who lost his life in South Africa., has oonoented to stand for' Oaadagai At the next genera) election. Mr. ;G*iffin ie a son of the lnte gold commissioner Griffin ?who died suddenly at Molong a few years ago. Sydney is .soared over the renewed outbreak of theabominable plague. It has been traeed io the west Sydney wharvep, the oldest portion of tb« city and an ideal breeding plooe for disease. This section of Sydney may yet have to be destroyed by fire Poet Heary L-»wson proceeds to tjendon shortly, having booked n patBage for himself and family bi by way-*f South Africa. 