Laying of Foundation Stone. WESLEYAN CHURCH, MOSMAN. The weather though dull and threatening in the morning, turned beautifully tine in the afternoon. Shortly after 5 p.m. the service was opened liy devotional exercises by Kev. Mr. llenle (I'res. of Wes. Conf). The Ceremony of laying the stone was performed by Sir. F. Darley, Lieut- Governor, Chief Justice of N.S.W., wli<> was introduced to the people in a few well ciosen words by the President of the Conference (about 300 being present). Sir F. Darley, on rising to perforin the ceremony, was greeted with applause, and presented with a silver trowel, the gift of Vr. Ewart the contractor for the building He said it gave him great pleasure to be present that afternoon, as it was one of tie first things when a body of law-abiding people got together, to build a church, aud he was pleased to see that Mosman was not behind in this respect, and he lioped that those men who had gone with tlie various contingents to South Africa, vho had so nobly responded to duty's call jby going to the Transvaal, would return ST» Australia in sound health both bodily 1 d me|ltally. He then declared tl.e ? sjone truly laid in the name of the Father, wn and Holy Ghost, 5 Revs. E. J. ltodd and W. G. Taylor of tiie Central Methodist Mission then spoke. The latter gave a few interesting facts jjdmcerning the growth of the Wesleyan Methodist Church in this colony. He wplained that the cost of the building and land would be above £900. Of this :iiiie .£400 had been raised, and, if it vas possible, to raise the balance that day. 'She sum of £25 was raised on the stone tjnd by collection , i A hearty vote of thanks was tendered ~lo Sir F. Darley for his presence, proposed ly Rev. Dr. Moulton and seconded by r. H. S. Gannon, and responded to by llis hxcellency in a few well chosen words. The service closed by the singing of the Old Hundredth. At 6 p.m. a grand tea in a large marqee Adjoining the Church was provided, at which about 450 persons were present. A special table being provided for the Lieut-Governor and ministers. The catering for this event was in the hands of Mrs. Springall, who has on previous occasions shown the able and efficient inanuer in which this chief feature of a Tea Meeting can be successfully carried out. A public meeting was held in the marquee at S p.m. The marquee was beautifully lighted with acntylene gas. The orchestra from the Centenary Hall were in attendance under the leadership of Mr. Mott. After a " march" by the orchestra, the meeting was opened with prayer by Rev. H. C. Foreman, B. A. Afterwards the hymn " All hail the power of Jesus' Name" was sung, about 400 persons being present. Rev. R. C. Foreman then asked Dugald Thompson, M.L.A. to take the chair. The Chairman said he was pleased to be there that evening and also that the Lieut. Governor had been over in the afternoon, he hoped that very shortly they would erect a large church facing Myagah Road, the present building only being a school hall, until finances would permit building a church. He wished them every success, both financially and otherwise. A selection " Stars of Night" was rendered by the orchestra. Hon. S. Larke who was one of the speakers was unable through illness to attend, and his place was taken by Rev. Wools Rutledge who spoke at some length, some of his anecdotes were very humourous. Mr. Sedgeley rendered "The Star of Bethlehem" in a charming style. The next item was the most important of ail church meetings—the collection, after which an address was given by Rev. H. O. Foreman, B.A. He paid a high tribute to the cordial relations existing between the different denominations in Mosman, and to the energy displayed by the ladies of the church committee in making a success of the day's proceedings, which had resulted in the sum of £43. Rev. Rainsford Bavin, organizing secretary of the Century Fund, then spoke at some length and earnestly appealed to those who wished to contribute to the fund. He explained to them how they could locate their donation to any branch of the church they desired, and, though a few months ago they had only 13,000 guineas subscribed, he was pleased to tell them that night, that sum was raised to 43,000 guineas, out of 50,000 to be raised y the close of the year. A vote of thanks to the Chairman was proposed by Mr. Over, seconded by Mr. Leggo, and responded to by D. Thompson, M.L.A. , , , The meeting was then closed by the singing of the Doxology. 