Boxing in England. Forthcoming: Season.' With tlio oxception, perhaps, of. football,' no pastime enjoys suoh a long season as boxing (says the Daily Telegraph of Septem ber 28). Horsordoing, on the fiut ana ovor the atioks, goes on all tho year round it is true, for tlio " sport of kings " is not fettorcd by a oloso time. Could the exponent of tho game of fisticuffs have his own way, ha two would bo strongly in evidence oven from January to December. Ready nnd willing to put up with any climatic conditions, tile enterprising pugilist would as soon fight with tho thermometer registering 199 degrees in tho shade, as iu the depth of winter, pro viding, of course, sufficient inducement in tho way of purso money happened to he forth coming. The everyday boxer, is, in faot, ' a most accommodating gentleman in his way. No fairweathor sailor, ho cares neither for rain nor shine, aud, give him liis fliug, he could, be seen in tlio ring at dusk or at mid night, at daybreak or at noon. As a bread winner — for bis profession is not considered by tho ladies with whom he may associate as a bar to tho holy stato— the hoxer is more fortunate than the cricketer, the sculler, the pedestrian, and others who have perforce to lay idle for two-thirds of the year. Thanks to its popularity, and the patronage accorded the calling he follows, tlio professional pugilist can find employment for eight months, out of tho twelve. Nor need ho ho a champion to do so. The market is extensive and the doraaud great, and those who aro not fortuuuto enough to bo in a position to sea tho bright particular stars perform, enjoy to their fill tho doings of men of lessronown. A dozon years hack glove contests and com petitions wcro deoided in a desultory manner hero and there, uud tlio season proper was not fixed until tho National Sporting Club came into existence. Thon it was decided by tho governing body in Covent Garden that the enrtain should rise in October and fall oh tho Monday in tlio Derby week. , Coming from the first club in tho country,' the head nnd centre of everything pertuining to boxing, this ralo was nt onco looked upon us law throughout tlio land, and ' no man either thinks or talks seriously about the noble art until a start is made with the sport at tho National Sporting Clnb. The tenth ecason opens hero on Monday, October 1, a season that gives promiso of sport quite up to the uverago, despite tho fact that we arc still a long way behind our cousins across . the Atiantie as rcgurds class and ability. Heavy weights like Joffrics, Fitzsimmons, Corbott, Ruhlin, Sturkoy, M'Coy, mid even Malicr and Choynski, have yet to ho found on this side, while wo have no middleweight who would stand n ghost of a chance with tho accomplished and . skilful Ryan, nor a feather capable of making any thing of a show with that remarkablo youth Terence M'Govorn. And yet this quite un accountable loss of form by British boxers generally, will lesson iu no degree tlio interest taken in their doings during the coming winter and spring. That a Jeffries or a Fitzsimmons would be a great draw at head quarters goes without oaying, but, at the same time, it is as well to bear in mind that frequently ono eco.su bettor battlo for a £19 purso than wliatis given by men contestingfor fifty times the amount. Jeffries, Fitzsimmons, Corbett, Sharkey, and M'Coy havo all visited England, but, with the exception of tho lust- named, none havo taken part hero in the serious business of the riug. Fitzsimmons, although quite the veteran of the party, is the mun of the hour, a boxer witii a really remarkable record. Although well in his thirty-ninth year, he could to-day find backing against any pugilist in tho world. Beaten in June of last year bjr tho gigantio Jeffries, to whom ho was conceding over 3 st. in weight, Fitzsimmons, whon eroryono thought ho had ' retired from the profession for good, returned to his old lovo this year, and defeated in the most deoisivo manner tho herculean Sbarboy, and tho lattor's conqueror, tho gigantio German, Gus Ruhlin. In tlieso matches the tall, sinewy farrier from Cornwall displayed phenomenal hitting powers and vitality for n man his age, and what the great Muco wus with his fists at 39, Fitzsimmons appears to be with the gloves. Another man, James I. Corbett, has, like Fitzsimmons, returned to the ring with success. Corbott is at tho time of writing iu England — in faot, in London. No better proof of tho ignorance of tho American sporting, man as regards properly constituted clubs could ho had than that afforded by tlio wildstutement made the other day by Corbett to tho effect that ho had an idea of purehusing tho National Sportiug, and of running it on Yankee lines. The so- called clubs in tho States are little else thaa barns, wooden structures with no member ship, opened only on fight nights, and resembling tho N.S.C. nbout as much as shut up Olympia. Returning home from his does first visit to England some five years h'ack Corbett, upset by whut ho considered to be a slight, was mado to say that ho would not fight at the National if Windsor Castle whs thrown in as a prize. Corbett may have much money, but, all the same, ho stande quite as good a chunco of getting Windsor Castlo.as ho does of securing the N.S.C. Harkiug baok to boxing licro reminds one of tho repeal in tho States of the Horton law, which pormittod the sport to flourish thore on a very largo scalo. Tho Horton law was passed on October 19, 1899, hut it ceased to exist on the 31st of lust month. Iu many quarters it wns thought this would throw all the Yankee boxers out of work, mid another American invasion was anticipated. As a matter of fact, the Horton law, which mado boxing legal, rofers only to Now York Stato, ouBtido of which tho gamo goes on us usual. Still, members of the National Sporting Club will havo tho ploasuro of soeing somo'of the big guns from the other side show their skill during tho forthcoming season. Tho diffi culty is to got men gocd enough to put up against the visitors. The front-rank boxer in tho States is, us a ralo, finmioislly fairly well to do, nnd tho desiro to see England is so great that bo will come hero and spar for less monoy than ho would accept at homo. Two of tho host men at their weight iu Amorica, Charles M'Keovor, of .t'hiladolphia, nnd Jack Ever- hart, of Now Orleans, aro now in England, and in all probability both will bo seen at headquarters. M'Keovor, considered to ho the ohampion " welter-weight," is already articled for a contest tliero with Dido 1'lumb, of Kingsland, the best light middle-weight we have, whilo efforts are being mudo to find a customer for Everard. It is stated that in M'Koever tho members of the National Sport ing Club will see ono of tho smartest boxers of the day, a man who combines eaience with hitting power of quite a remarkable charaoter. In the States he hus carried all beforo him, and naturally" he will have a pretty strong following on this side. His opponent, Flumb, is, .however, a boxer with whom very ' fow can afford to take liberties. More than onoo tho Londoner has pulled through when apparently a beaten man, and he can point to exceptionally clover victories over . Edwards, tho Australian, and tho Now Zealandor, Hoffernan. No doubt M'Keever, though tho smollermnnhy some half a dozen pounds, will start a good favourite, hut tliero are those who will pin their faith to the Britisher, whon the men stand face to face. The mutch will ho decided at the olub early in October. A stake of £290 a' side will rest on tho result, in addition to the purse, and when wo say that Flumb's money will be the hard earnings of tho proprietor of a boxing-booth, it is not necessary to add that his friends are in no way daunted by. the brilliant record of tho yonng American. Lnst spring Mr. Bottinson, the monuger of the National Sporting Club, did his ntmost to seouro the sorvioes of M 'Govern, looked upon by all who have seen him hb tho best bantam weight that over took the ring. The conqueror of Dixon, long the premier 9-st. man in the States, tho light- weight ohampion Erne, and a host of others, M'Govorn could not, however, seo his way olear to visit Eng land, but it is just possible he may put in an appearalnoQ in tho now year. The manager of tho National Sporting Clnb will, however, play another strong card whon ho introdnces the two bantam-weights, Pedlar Palmer, of Canningtovrn, and Harry Wuro, some time of London, hut now of. Holcot, Northampton. Falinor held an unbeaten record until ho crossed the Atlantic nnd mot with . dofoat in . one round at the hands of the aforesaid M'Govorn.. Last May Palmer and Wore had a '-' desperate battle at .'the National, and opinions -were . very ranoh divided when the . vordiot was given to the firstnamed. A keener struggle or a plo'ser finish has seldom been sonn. PmfiouGy both men had twice beaten tho once-inYi&oiblo; Flimmor, of Birmingham, and, as was antici pated, thoy proved a wonderfully well matched pair. 1 Thoresultof muoli bickering was the ratification of a seoond contest, which is sure to create a very largo amount of interest. Palmer, while not perhaps so quiok and brilliant as of old, retains all the skill und cleverness that enables bim to tiro out and demoralise the best man sent from abroad, ns woll as those to be found in his own country. Wore, on the other hand, is tho strong, rush ing fighter of determined, uggrosBive taotics, and it remains to be seen whother his stamina will onablo him to get oven with his success ful opponent of a fow months' baok. Despite the wars, boxing in tho army and. tho navy flourishes more than ever, and, thanks to tho untiring energy of Colonel G. M. Fox, inspector of Her Majesty's gymnasia, the championships deoided early in tlio month at Aldershot proved a best on record. With tho strife practically at nn end in tho Transvaal, Tommy Atkina will bo found in tho ring again at Ohelsea, Wellington Bar racks. Woolwick, Canterbury, Windsor, and other places, and the Guards' competitions are to be decided at the National in the new year. Another important addition to the programme at headquarters is the annual hoxing contests between tho Universities of Oxford and Cam bridge. Previously decided alternately at Oxford and Cambridge, tho bouts will this year be fought out in Covent Garden. Since the competitions were first started four years ago tho form of the students has steadily im proved, and it is only right and proper that such an interesting fixture should bo deoided at the National. Needless to say, tho old- club still is running on the same strict and honourable lines that havo have gained for it world-wide notoriety. There is a fair field- but no favour for each and all, and nothing bat tho " door" for the man who declines to go Rtraight. 