CHRISTMAS. Christmas is supposed to be an altru istic festival. Then, if ever, we allow ourselves to go out to others in sym pathy expres-ed by gifts and good wis.ies. Then self-forgetfulness m the happi ness of others becomes a temporary fashion, and we find—do we not ?— the indulgence of the feeling so remu nerative that we wish other days were set apart for it. We can even under stand those people who get a private satisfaction fr •m being good on other days besides Sundays. The origin of Christmas is obscure. For anything we know positively to the contrary, the Druidic rites from which the En glish Christmas borrowed the inviting mistletoe, if not the decorative holly, may have been accompanied by the recitation of holiday triads. The black tide of pur tanism which swept over men’s souls about the middle of the 17th century almost blotted out all sucli observances of Christmas with the festival itself. In December, 1(552, it was officially proclaimed that “ The House of < ’ommons before they rose were presented with a terrific re monstrance ogamst Christmas groun ded on Divine Scriptures. . . In consequence _ of which Parliament spent some time in con ulta'ion a!‘Oub the abolition of Christmas Day, and passed orders to that effect.” They afterwards put their own arrangement into force by “ sitting on the day com monly so-called ” But, with the re turn of the Merry Monarch, the yule log was lighted again, the mummers played their antics, Maid Marian and the Lord of Misrule held their court once more, and the Waits sang in the moonlight. The boar’s head wreathed with rosemary was brought in, plum pudding and mince pie swelled the sa vory pageant, and Old Christmas, crowned with perennial youth, re turned to receive universal homage. Charles Dickens so devoted himself to this sea-on as to make it in some sorb entirely his for a time, and it was he who endeared it to the whole En glish-speaking world, «nd gave it a wider and a deeper hold than it ever had before upon the fancies and affec tions of our raci. People always knew that character is not changed by a dream in a series of tableaux ; that a ghost cannot do much towards reforming an inordinately-selfish per son ; that a fife cannot be turned white, like a head of hair, in a single night by the most allegorical appari tion ; that want and sin and shame cannot be cured by kettles singing on the hob. But it was well once a year, if not oftener, to remind men by para ble of the old simple truths; to teach them that forgiveness and charity, and the endeavour ffor a life better and purer than each has lived, are the j principles alone upon which the world j holds together and gets forward. ]> , was well for the comfortable and the refined to be put in mind of the sava gery and suffering all round them, and to be taught, as Dickens was always teaching, that certain feelings which grace human nature, as tenderness for the sick and helpless, self-sacrifice and generosity, eef-r. spect and mmliness and womanliness, are the common heritage of the race, the d.rect gift of Heaven, sha ed equally by rich and poor. Even now that he has been d ad some thirty years, the phrase “A Dickensy Christmas” is sometimes used, and it calls up a vision of the festival as he loved to depict it—a time of mirth and jollity, with every one eating turk“y a^d cracking nuts, the bells ringing out from every steeple, and all the rich people taking personally-conducted hampers to their less fortunate acquaintances, while the good-hearted become even more be nevolent than before, and the misan thrope is likely to exercise a startling somersault in the matter of his pre dispositions, and become as charitable as one could wish. It is a pleasant ideal, and to say that it seems o:d fashioned now is to imply that the world has moved on, not that it has become any better or even any wiser. The chi dren still adhere loyally to the old traditions, they hang up their stockings and expect Santa Claus, though maybe our twentieth-century little ones have a shrewd suspicion that Santa Claus is no other than papa »nd mama. But to all our rea d rs, whether young or old. whether s liish or un elfish, whether cheerful or pessimistic, whether basking in Fortune’s smile or for the moment ex periencing her frov/n, we say “ A Merry Christmas,” or, if that may not be, at least a tran quil one, and we sincerely hope that the New Year may bring with it health, happiness and prosperity to all. ~ Police Court.—On Wednesday, before Messrs Hogan and 0. W. Wilson, J’s.P., We. Burke was charged with being an idle and disorderly person, having no lawful means of support. Constable Dainty said he found Burke with his swag thrown down in the street. He told him he must-clear out of the town. Burke took up his swag, walked a short distance, then threw it down again and told the officer he would have to carry it. He bad been discharged from the court only a short time before that morning, and then only had threepence in his po-ket However, he bad appeared to be able to get drunk or; that. Prisoner said he had heart disease. After some warnings the Bench decided to give him until 3 o’clock to clear out of the town. J. F. Johnson Tatura. intends to keep in the lead with the Massey-Harris bicycles and accessories. The fastest, strongest and most up-to-date Bike on the market* Fire — Mr Torrens Park, of Arcadia, brother of Dr Park, of Tatura, sustained a severe loss on Wednesday last week. On that day he had the threshii^ machine at work on his farm. It will be remembered | that the weather was fairly calm until about II o’clock, when a fierce gale came up. A spark from the engine set a stack going, and soon two others were als > ablaze. Mr Park estimates his loss at 600 bags of wheat. Eighty bags which hod been threshed were saved, as was also the machine. The verdict of the crowds which thronged ! Hunter's new millinery establishment, Casey street, Tatura. on Saturday night was that a finer display had never been seen in the dis trict. New gods every week. Fresh window every Saturday. A Nasty Accident.—On Monday even ing about 9 o’clock Mr and Mrs R. Stewart, and her sister, Mis-i Ingram, of Ondera, met with an aecident which might have ha 1 very serious consequences. It. appears that they were, returning from a visit to Mr M’ivenzie’s. and, when about three chains from the house, the wheel of the gig ran along a log and the vehicle was overturned. All three were, of course, precipitated to the ground. Mr Stewart fell on his head, fortunately escap ing with onlv a few scratches on the face, whilst Mrs Stewart came >>n the point of her shoulder, also luckily getting off without much harm. Miss Ingram has most reason to regret, the aecident Somehow sue becanv* entangled in the wheel, with the result that her left collar bate was broken, and she sustained several bruises round the shoulder in addition. The shock was so great that Miss Ingram was unconscious for three hours. Most fortunately the horse stood still or further injury would certainly have re sulted. Miss Ingram was brought to Tatura on Tuesday, and her injuties were attended to by Dr Park, and she is now nrogressing as favorably as could be expected under the circumstances. Ladies’ blouses, white land coloredi cos tumes, skirts, umbrellas, laces, trimming (net ISin wide), feathers, tips, ospreys, fancy straw hats, children’s tunics, Galatea suits, prints, muslins, riqurs (plain and 3triped), gents' straw hats, silk striped shirts, white dress.:d and undressed shirts, ties, collars, kid glov s, fabric gloves, aprons, ladies’ belts, boots and shoes, hosiery, etc., in great vorietv, and a marvel of cheapness at T. Flanagan’s, Flogan-street, Tatura. Testimonial.—Some time ago Mr W. Rooney, late shire secretary and engineer, applied to the council for a testimonial, and it was decided to accede to the reque-t. The following is the text of the test.im. nial read at Monday’s meeving:—We have pleasure in stating that Mr Wm. Rooney has been in the service of the council for the past H years, and has carried out the duties of en gineer and secretary. He has also during the latter pait of hia term carried out the duties of treasurer. We regret that ill-health compelled Mr Rooney to resign the positions he held, and have pleasure in stating that lie carried out his various duties to the best of his ability. Trusting that Mr Rooney will be long spared to enjoy his well-earned rest, we remain, &c.;, D. M. M‘Lennan, President, 1 hos. Martin, Secretary. (Seal of council affixed.)” Departure.—As was notified some time ago, Mr John Donaldson, of Harston, has de termined to sever his connection with the district. He sold his land a few weeks ago und intends holding a clearing sale on or about 24th January. Mr Donaldson is one of those straight, level-headed men which the district can ill afford to lose, but, as he is going and there is consequently no alterna tive, the least that can be done is to give him a fitting send-off after hi3 many years’ residence here. Mr Donaldson has been one of the most active members of the Tatura Agricultural Society, if he ever missed a meeting it was unavoidable, and he occupied the president’s chair for a term with both credit to himself and benefit to the association. Mr Donaldson will leave some time in the last week in January. We understand that the mem tiers of the society intend giving him a farewell social. Owing to Mr Doualdson’s departure being somewhat earlier than was anticipated arrangements Bhould be pushed forward as rapidly as possible. J. F. Johnson, Tatura, has new and second hand bikes always on hand. Repairs of ail kinds promptly executed, outfits, tubes, tires, spokes, toe clips, saddles, etc., at town 1 prices* Oue Iebigation Channels.—A resident of the district communicated with ua during he week to the effect that he thoroughly ap proved of the Rodney Trust commissioners putting a stop to bathing in their channels or pigs wallowing in same, but he thought, the guards were placed in an awkward position when commissioners themselves were the offenders. He instanced one case where a commissioner had a channel included in his pig paddock. . It is most distressing to those who 3re at times entirely dependent upon the channels for their domestic supply to see either pig3 wallowing in them or bathers dis porting themselves higher up stream, and we feel sure that if any commissioner is guilty of assisting to pollute rhe water in the manner sta ed he will refrain when the matter is thus brought under his notice. There is no doubt that other ratepayers often take their cue from commissioners, rightly considering tnat they are entitled to the same privileges and do likewise. An energetic and worthy officer ot the trust was considerably chagrined some time ago when he threatened an offender against the bye-laws with the terrors of the law, and was met with the retort that, if he went a little further on he would dad a worse offender in Com-. Surely it is a most unpieisant duty for an officer to be compelled to report his employers—for they have the p iwer to dispense with his services if off mded —and commissioners generally would do well to adhere as closely as possible to their own bye lav/s. if they are sincere in their expressed desires to have same carried out faithfully. Federal Convention.—a copy of the Federal. Convention cerr.iflgate has been ob tained for the Tatura Mechanics’ Institute Seeing that they were available Mr Flanagan, the secretary, approached Mr Mason, M.L.A., on the subject and that gentleman, with his usual promptness and courtesy at once atten ded to the request, with the result above stated. If yon want a Summer Hat visit Hunter’s New Millinery Establishment before pur chasing elsewhere. They guarantee style unsurpassed in Melbourne. Political.—In all probability election matters will be lively again in a short time. Candidates for the Federal Houses are already hovering round, and branches of political leagues are being established throughout the country. In Tatura a movement is on foot- to form a branch of the Liberal Association, and we understand that _ the secret ary, Mr Meagher, has requested Mr C. W. Wilson to act as agent. I am selling boys’speckled straw biating bats at 10d and Is, children’s fancy Galatea straw hats at Is and Is 3d, speckled at Is Gd, 2s and 3s, girls’ mushroom hats at Is, Is 3d and Is 9d, ladies' trimmed gems, broul and narrow bands, a nice stvlish hit at Is each. Flowers at 6d, 9d,and Is per bunch and 500 yards of all colors of sarin ribbon. 2 inches wide, at lAd per yard, 300 yards of the same quality at 1 i per yard, 1 inch wide. T. Flanagan, Hogan- street, Tatura. A Curious Character.—On Friday last a man, who subsequently gave his name as Fred. Berry, was wandering about Tatura, and acting in a somewhat eccentric manner. For instance he was making known to all and sundry his intense sympathy with De Wet saying he could not forget an old “pal,” and wis evidently a pro-Boer of in >st aggressive tendencies. Becoming rather too much of a nuisance he was locked up by senior-constable Dainny and was brought b -fore Mr C. W. Wilson, J. P. On coming into court on Sat urday morning he sat himself comfortably down, “ How do you plead.?” asked the bench “ dont care (an expletive) how I plead,?’ was the somewhat startling reply. ‘‘Stand up and answer me properly,” commanded the j Bench. After some hesitation Berry oueyed and was then asked if he knew the consequen ces of such conduct. “Dont care (an exple tive) what you do with me, I’m sick of life,” he replied. The Bench intimated to him as gently as possible that he was acting like a madman, that he had better be remanded to Shepparton for medical exammatioo, and suggested drink as the cause of his woe. Drink, not at all," said Berry," I can’t get enough of it, could drink a bucket of beer now. But you’d better remand me to Shep parton, ttie doctors will know what’s wrong with me, I’m suffering.” “What are you suffering from,” asked the Bench sympathe tically, “From want of friends and other things,” replied Berry who was immed iately remanded, as he desired to Shepparton for seven days. Xmas. 1900.—Ladies 1 I am now taking orders for Raspberries, Black Currants, Red Currants. Strawberries, Gooseberries, and all special Fruits for home preserving. Don’t Forget these lines, as the season is just com ing on. I am also keeping all other fruits in season, lemons, bananas and pines. H. Sutton, Federal Cash Store, Hogan Street, Tatnra.* Mixed Bathing.—Some of the residents of M:>iroopna want to give that charming little place a continental seaside-re-ort ah oy introducing into its ordinarily quiet pre cincts the novelty, for an up-country town, of mixed bathing. The matter came before the council on Monday at its meeting in connection with the choice of a bathing place. A public ni uiting had recommended that the bathing hours should be between the hours of 6 p.m. and 8 a.m. unless cos tumes were worn when it was asked that bathing should he allowed at any time dur ing the day. It was frankly admitted by the deputation that if the latter clause was admitted, some of those who had been the means of inserting it, had done so with the i lea that la lies, as well as gentleman, migh* take advantage of the provision. Some of the councillors seemed to view the pro Do-ition with nearly as much alarm, possibly m >re, as they would the contemplated in vasion of Australia by a foreign power, and the proposition was evidently doomed from the commencement, notwithstanding Cr Archibald’s suggestion of dividing the site by throwing a turner aross the river. Cr Pagan made an appeal on behalf of the ladies, he considered if it were necessary for the men’s health it was necessary for that of the opposite sex to have a swim. “ They never asked for sueh a concession,” inter jected the President. “ They have never asked for the franchise, but the men think it right they should get it,” replied Cr Pagan who then urged that the ladies be allowed to bathe between 8 a.m. and 6 p.m. in costume. Mr Campbell and Mr M’Kenzie, deputation ists re the bathing site, did not think the ladies wanted a bathing site. Mr C. W. Wilson thought it corn'd be managed all right, Senior-Constable Westcott couid look after them and “ run-in ” any stray swag men who were loitering around. The senior, somewhat ungallantly, said he’d rather not take the responsibility, also that he did not think that any of the ladies would take advantage of the privilege. After further discussion the hours were fixed for the men, between 6 p.m. and 8 a.m. The question now presents itself,,why should the ladies be debarred from disportiing themselves in the Goulburn. •’ They have not asked for it ’’ says the President, consequently considering, no doubt, that they are devoid of a desire for a cool bath possessed by men on a hot day. That ladies are just the same as men in this respect is proved, if it required proof, by the fact that where baths are established they make every use of them. If there is any thing that should rouse them to fight for their “ rights ” it is thi3 sort of thing, where the men coolly debar them from a luxury which they have determined on.enjoying themslves. One would think, with Mooroe pna and Shepperton so close, that the ladie3 of both towns could combine and have swim ming bates built in such a position as to make them convenient for both places. City dwellers have to travel greater distances for their matutional swim. Xmas, 1900.—At the Federal. My stock of groceries for the Xmas trade is now com plete. I am keeping a splendid assortment of seasonable gooJs. Guest’s Cakes and Bis cuits, McRobertson High-class Confectionery. All kinds of Cordials in liquid and powders. Tinned Meats, Fish and Poultry, suitable for picnic parties; also Plum Puddings and Cakes. Don’t forget to call and see them. H. SattonJ Federal Cosh Store, Hogan Street, Tatars. The Federal Elections.—MrJ. H. M'Coll ex-Minister of lands, has decided to contest the seat representing Echtica in the house of representatives. It is understood that Mr W. T. Webb, of Rocheeter, has decided not to become a candidate, and no doubt this statement has influenced Mr M'Coll in his determination to ask the electors to do him the honor of returning him to the Federal Parliament. The elect oral of Gunbower, which he represents at preseut, forms an important part of the federal electorate of Echuca. Mr Max Hi sch, of Melbourne, and Dr Rinder, of We Iderburn, have already entered on the campaign. At Hunter’s New Millinery Establishment you can find the best assortment of Ladies’ | Blouses, Underskirts, Costumes, Children’s (roods, &c.; New Shop—New Goods. | Xmas Wishes.—There were many com | pliments and good wishes expressed at the | close of the Rodney Council meeting at Moo roopna on Monday. Cr C. W. Wilson set the ball rolling by wishing the President a happy Christmas In doing so, he referred to the gentlemanly, trenial, and tactful manner in which Cr M'Lcnnan had carried out his duties since his occupancy of the chair. The speaker trusted that the remaining term of the President’s office would be a pleasant vone. and that if he took a trip to Sydnev he would conduct himself with decorum amongst the mighty magnates and co ne oack and write a book on the celebrations. The speaker also wished his brother coun cillors a happy Xmas, trusting tint the time of peace would wipe out the memory of any disagreeableness that might have cropped up during the year. As for himself he trusted that providence would grant him mere of wisdom and less of follies during the year, and the President said '• Hear, hear.” (Laughter,) In conclusion he would move a vote of thanks to the Press who had faithfully carried out their duties during the past 12 months. Cr Archibald said th :t Cr Wilson had omitted two of the most im portant names in the shire from his list of good wishes, those of the engineer and secretary. He trusted they would enjoy themselves thoroughly when away on their holidays. Cs Wilson tendered his apologies, better officers shire never lud, and he thought the council had reas v* to be grate ful for the fact that not only was this so. but that all the minor offices in the shire were filled by men who performed their duties faithfully and well Other coun cillors endorsed the remarks, Cr Pagan seconding the vote of thanks to the Press. The President in returning thanks supported the vote, and in turn eulogised the work done by the newspapers—the ratepayers would be in a sorry position were it not for them, as they would not have the slighest idea of what their representatives were doing. Personally he had always done his duty and had maintained the dignity of the shire to the best or his ability. This was the last meeting of the year — in fact, of the century — and he trusted that the new era would be signalised by a full attendance at the open ing meeting which would ce held in Tatura in January. Mr Hector and Mr Martin responded, the latter remarking that the only disagrcaable duties he had to perform were those in connection with his position as Thistle Inspector, and the meeting dosed. 