PAVEMENT PICTURES. , A DAT WITH THE CHALKS. So many weird stories of tlio vast profits netted by pavement artists have found their way into print, tiiat for my own satisfac tion (writes an artist correspondent in a con temporary) I determined to go in character nnd chalk pictures on the flagstones of West End London, to sco if fortune really lay in that direction. We have all heard talcs of one man chalking a series of pictures in different parts of town, going his rounds in a cab, and netting a royalty from each " pitch," presided over during the day by beggars incapablo of any artistic effort; hut these stories never had any truth in them. The Artistic Ghost moves in higher circles than those of pavement pastclliyg. If wo may judge from the continued decadence of Pavement Art, the profession is not so flourishing as it tiscd to be. The public sup port is ill; the Old Masters who used to chalk, with an air of conviction, those old favourites of this al-fresco art— the mouse gnawing a tallow candle stuck in a ginger- hecr bottle, the half of a salmon, the" storm at sea, and that especially popular example of pavement mimicry, tho plate of ham. and eggs — are dead, and their successors are both artless and lazy. So lazy indeed, or so labo up- saving. that they chalk their altogether in-, ferior efforts on card boards, which they bring out ovcry morning and take home every night, instead of manfully setting-to and working on the stony- hearted sidewalk day by day. Tho public have not been slow to notice this last dodgo, and have withheld their coppers accordingly. The latest novelty as wo havo recently seen, in this profession, is tho Lady Pavement Artist — " tho only ono," as sho proudly announces; but whether she finds tho reward sufficient to pay for tho hard work is known only to herself. THE PRELIMINARIES. For my own part, let thinm go never so badly, I should never seriously turn to seek the suffrages and tho halfpcnco of tho way- fayers along tlio streets after tho experi ences of my amateur day on the pavement. In preparing for this expedition, tho first difficulty, after having purchased seven penny worth of assorted coloured chalks, and tying them in a dilapidated duster, was to find clothes disgracefully shabby enough to dress tho character. In mere personal appcaranco . there was no trouble whatever. Figure to >!» yourself a person under tho best circum stances attenuated and lantern- jawed, and you will readily conceive that, going unshaven for n week, such an one would look pitiful enough without tho looped and windowed ragged n ess found and worn for the occasion. If over a poor dovil scorned to need your cop pers to keep him out of the casual ward, tho writer looked such, and formed an object of interest to tho early morning policeman as ho shambled, with a boot nnd a half on his feet, and other garments to match, down Park- lane to Piccadilly, where the destined pitch lay. Tlio ordinary pavement artist docs not commence business so early. He keeps hankers' and civil servants' hours, and puts in an appcaranco between ten and eleven o'clock. The amateur has, perforce, to leavo homo before anyone is about, if ho would not havo all his neighbours talking about him and drawing the mildest conclusion from tlio spectacle. So to Pieccadilly beforo the day is well aired, and to rest and contemplation on a seat in the Green Park at tho hour of 7.30 a.m., much to tho outspoken disgust and contempt of certain British workmen going to breakfast, who opined that ono had been tticro all night, and looked ia consequence like having " slept In a field with tho gate open." A FEW PRACTICAL HINTS. It is by no means difficult to chalk tho pavement, into pictures. Given an even stono, first carefully dusted, it forms, with chalks, an excellent, and docile medium for blending colours.. You do the ehalking crudely, rabb it down with the palm of tho hand and fingora into harmonies, and then putting iu tho last touches with pointed pieces of chalk of the requisite colours. Tho technique of pave ment tirt is probably the easiest technique in . the whole range of artistic effort. Tako, for example, the once favourite subject with tlicBo open-air pastellists, and perhaps the most popular with tho public— the mackerel. Nothing easier than to represent such a fish, fresh from tho sea, with his scales glistening, his " harmonics in silver, and black ami hhie nothing is so readily done, except in deed, the stoneware ginger beer botUe with a candle guttering down the sides of it; or the simple but effective piece of streaky bacon, which yon do with a judicious admixture o f brown, rose-piu k, yellow, and white. Only, bear in mind that tho critical public who fioek round your gallery of popular art, and audibly express their opinions (but aro chary of parting with their pence), don't like low tones. Norio of your impressionism or gauzy snbtlcties for them, so far as treat ment goes; while as for subject, you must bo " actual, " as tho modem phraso has it, and if you can comment picl&riaily; on tho morn ing paper in tho most startling chalks it is possible tjo buy, why then the admiring criticism of the bytc hor-boys and all the many varieties of street urchins will make you blush. (But they don't give you any thing.) A blood- boltercd battlefield or horrid railway accident— no matter the drawing so song as the colouring is lurid— will ahvay draw a crowd; and sentiment, so Jong as you are careful to lay the pathos on with a trowel, so to say, is great. Probably the most successful hits in pavement art aro the harrowing things of tho domestic senti mental sort— the series which show " Tho Old Home," the " Prodigal Leaving Home," " Tho Return—His Mother's Grave," tho " Prodigal's End," and so forth. "MOVED ON." Tho mistake tho present writer made was the very serious ono of trying tp do work abovo this level. Landsenpo and tho picturesque are " drugs " In the open-air art market. The first series was chalked on the flagstones by tho Greon-park, ami had not been completed when a half-penny rang on them; first fruits of oublie approbation. Then tiie police interfenxl, and art was gently and firmly, hut still unmistakably — " moved on." Tho constable was kind and almost apologetic to the miserable-looking wretch lie bade go away. His inspector, ho said, had forbidden the use of this pavement to pavement artists; " hut." he added, " you can find a pitch at Hyde Park Gorncr," and so, first carefully obliterating tho pictures, I re pa i ret 1 to that busy pavement just by tlio cab-rank, cheered somewhat by the sym pathetic donation of 11 penny at the hands of a woman hurrying, witli little black bag, to business Gitywards. INCIDENTS OF THE DAY. No one hut, the pavement-artist can havo any notion of how great the amount of dust is in London's streets. Clearing a spaco, the picLures were, all chalked anew, with appro priate appeals to the public, in tho well- known style: " Many can Del p one," " I do this to earn my Irread," and so forth; hut the dust had to be continually b&ushcd; away and the gallery touched up. Then annoying in cidents began to happen; a workman, stagger ing with drink, came and blinked with tipsy gravity, " Blest if I couldn't dror bettor nieself, " said he. The criticism mattered little, but as he exhibited an inclination to fall down and go to sleep on the despised pic tures, the situation grew a little alarming, t he more especially as one of those easily-amused street crowds began to gather to see the fun — if any — whileanotlier crowd gathered round the first, to ask what the matter was. Then the police came to the rescue with their wel come " Parse away," and- peace reigned. Then a passer-by, who looked liko a lawyer's clerk, stooped hurriedly down and, somewhat. shamefacedly, so it seemed, pressed twopence in the poor artist's hand. And that was the bust donation received that day, al though this 'unique exhibition was open until a late hour in the afternoon. A BROTHER ARTIST. There was another (a " brother artist " ho perhaps should be called) who had a show close hv. lie was a youngster of about 13, who appeared atahoutone o'clock, furious p.t the sight of a new- co.Mer on this, which scented to he at on end of his doily pitch. So he came, with abuse and horrid threats of extending his show on to mine, and thus capturing all the public support All these' attacks had to be received with the stoicism of an Indian fakir, for the very excellent reason that, if any attempt had been made t< reply in the language of tho streets, the wordy contest would very soon have revealed the amatour. This display of apparent in difference had its effect. From abuse, the hoy presently changed to confidences. . He did well, it would seem, however others might fare. Four shillings and sixpence a day was his average. Probably his youth appealed to the sentimental public, while certainly what he called the " 'orses 'cads " ho drew badly and coloured vilely, brought him don ations from passing horsey men. But if he obtained all the public favours, thcro was ono crumb -of comfort in tho professional approval he vouchsafed: " Yer colour ain's whatcher might call strong enuf j but yer can dror." What better pleasing criticism could one — by profession a black and white artist have than this ? Result of the day's adventure— 34. loss on balance, a violent headache, and pearly a sunstroke from the heat .radiated from the pavement, and a curious Insight into a littlo understood industry. 