A Great Victory. Sermon b Late Rev, C. h. StorQeon. For whatsoever is born of God .overcom- eth" the world ; -and this is the victory that overcometh the world, 'even; our faith. —1 John v. 4. THE text speaks of a great viotory — the , victory of victories — the greatest of all. We know of great battles whore nations have met in strife, and one hits overcome the other; but who has read of a' victory that over came the world? Some will say that Alexander was its conqueror; but I answer, vnay. He was himself the vanquished man, even when all things wore in his possession. He fought for the world, and won it; and then mark how it mastered its master, conquered its con queror, and lashed the monarch who had been its scourge. See the royal youth weeping, and stretching out his hands with idiotio cries, for another world which he might ravage. Ho seemed, in outward show, to bavo overcome the whole earth; but really, within his inmost sonl, the earth,, had conquered him,' had over whelmed him, had wrapped' him in the " dream of ambition, girdled him with the chains of cpvetousness, ' so that when he had all, he waB still dis satisfied ; and, like a poor slave, was dragged on at the chariot-wheels of the world, moaning, lamenting, because he could not grin another, tn .what sense docs the Christian overcome tho world? A tough battlo, sirs, I warrant you ; not one which carpet knights mignt win ; no ensy skirmish that he might win who dashed to battle on some sunshiny day, looked at the host-, then turned his courser's rein, and daintily 'dismounted at tho door of his silken tent— not one which he shall gain who, bnt a raw recruit to day, puts on his regimentals, . and fool ishly imagines that one week of service, will ensure a crown of glory. Nay, friends, it is a life-long war— a fight needing the power of all those mnscles, and this strong heart; a contest which shall want all our strength, if we are to bo triumphant; and if we do came off more than conquerors, it shall be said of us, as Hart said of Jesus Christ: "He had strength enough and none to spare"; a battle at which the stoutest : heart might quail ; a fight at which the bravest might shake, if he did uot remember that the Lord is ou.his side, and, therefore, whom shall he fear? He is the strength of his life; of whom shall he 'be afraid? Most of you do just as everybody else does, and that is enough for you. If you see So-and-so do a dis honest thing in business, it is sufficient for you that everybody/does it. If yo see that the majority of mankind have cer tain habits, ye succumb, ye yield. Ye think, I suppose, that to march to hell in crowds will help to diminish the fierce heat of the burning, of tho bottomless pit, instead of remembering that tho more faggots the fiorcer will bo. the flame. Men' usually swim with the stream like a (lead fish; it is only the living fish that goes against it' It is only the Christian who despises customs, who does not care for conventionalisms, who only asks himself the question, "Is'it right or is it wrong? If it is right, I will bo singular. If there is not another man in this world who will do it, I will do- it." . . , However, the text speaks of a great birth. "Whatsoever is born of God overi cometh the world." This new birth is the mysterious point in all teligion. If yon preach anything else except the. new birth, you will always get on well with . your bearers ; but if you insist that in order to enter heaven there must be a radical change (though this is the doctrine of the Scrip tures) it is so unpalatable to mankind in genoral that you will scarcely get them to listen. Ah 1 now yo turn away if. I begin to tell you that "except ye be born of water and of the Spirit, ye cannot enter the kingdom of heaven." If I tell you that thoro must be a< regenerating influence ex erted upon . your minds by the power of tho Holy Ghost,' thon I know ye will say, "It is enthusiasm." Ah I but it is tlio enthusiasm of the Bible. There I stand; by this I will be judged. If the Bible does not say we must be born again, then I give it up; but if it doos, then do not distrust that truth ou which your salvation haugs. What is it to be born again, then? Very briefly, to be born again is to undergo a change so mysterious that human words cannot speak of it. As we cannot describe our first birth, so it is impossible for ua to describe the second. "The wind bloweth whore it iisteth, and thou hearext the sound thereof, but canst not toll whence it. cometh or whither it gooth; so is cvemme that is born of the Spirit." . But, whilo so mysterious, it is vet a change which is known and felt- People are not born again when tboy are in bed and asleep, so that they do not know it. . They feel it, they experience it. This change is a supernatural one. It is not one that a man performs upon .himself. It is not leaving off drink and becoming sober; it is not turning from' a Roman Catholic to a Protestant ; it is not veering round from a Dissenter to a Churchman, or a Churchman to a Dissenter. It is a vast -deal more than that. It is a new principle infused, which works in the heart, enters the very soul, and moves the entire man. Not a change of my name, but a renewal of my nature, so that I am uot the man I used to be, but a new man in Christ Jesus., It is a supernatural change —something which man cannot do, and which only God can effect; -which, the Bible itself cannot accomplish without the attendant Spirit of God; which no. minis ter's eloquonco can bring about— something so mighty and wondrous that it must be confessed to be the work of God, and God alone. This new birth is an enduring change. If I am really born again, if I have taken Jesus Christ to -be my Saviour, and become possessed by faith of eternal life in Him, I. shall never fait away. I may fall into sin, but I shall not fall final ly; I shall stand secure while life lasts; and when I die it shall be said— "Servant of God, well done! Rest from thy blest employ; The .battle's fought, the victory's won ; Enter thy rest, of joy." ' There is a -great grace. Persons Who are born again really do overcome the world. How is this brought about? The text says, "This is the victory that over- oometh the world, even our faith." Christ-, lans tlo not triumph over the world by rea son. Not at all. Reason 1b a very good thing,, and nobody should find fault with It. Reason is a candle; but faith is a sun. . Well, I prefer the bud, though I .do not -put out the oundle. I use my reason as a Christian man; I exercise it constantly t hut when I como to real war fare, reason is a wooden sword ; - it breaks, it snaps; while faith, sword of true Jeru salem metal, cuts to the dividing of sonl and body. My text says, "This is the viotory which overcometh tho world, oven our faith." I want to tell you how It is that faith helps Christians to overcome the world. It always docs it hommopathically. You say, "That is a singular idea." So it may be. The principle is, that "like cures like." So does faith overcome the world, by curing like with liko. How doos faith trample upon the fear of the world? By the fear of God. "Now," says the' world, "if you do not do this I will take away your life. If you do , not bow down before iny' false god, you shall, be put in yon burning fiery furnace," " But," says the mau of faith, "I fear him whifr can destroy both body nnd soul in hell/ True, I may dread you, but I have a greater fear than that. I fear lest.' I should displease God; I tremble lest I should offend my Sovereign."- So. the one fear counterbalances the other. . How docs faith overcome the world's hopes? "There," says' the world, " I will give thee this, I will give thee that, if thou wilt bo niy disciple. Thero is a hope for you; you shall be rich, you shall be great." But faith says, " I have a hope laid up in hea ven ; a hope which fadeth not away, eter nal, incorrupt, amaraftthine hope, a golden hope, a crown of life"; and the hope of glory overcomes all the hopes of the world. " Ah 1" says the world, " why not follow the example of your fellows?" "Because," says faith, "I will follow the example of Christ." If the world puts' one example before us, faith puts anothor. "Oh, fol low the example of such an one; he is wise, and great, and good," says tho world. Says faith, "I will believe in and follow Christ ; He is the wisest, the great est, and the best." It overcomes example by example. "Well," says the world, "since thou wilt not be conquered by all this, come, I will love, thee; thou shalt be my friend." Faith sayB, "He that is the friend of this world cannot be the friend of God. God loves me." Bo he puts love against love ; fear against fear ; hope against hope; diead against dread; 1 and so. faith ' overcomes the world by like curing like. How many are there hero who ate born again? Some turn » deaf car, and say, "It is all nonsense; ive go'to bur place of worship regularly; put our hymn- bookR. and Bibles under our arm ; and we are a vory religious sort of people. ' Ah, soul ! if I meet you at tho bar of judgment,' recollect i said — and God's .Worrl said — "Except yo be horn again, ye shall not enter the Kingdom of .Heaven." Others of you say,_ "Wo cannot believe that being born again is such a change us you speak of ; I am a great deal better than I UBcd to be ; I do uot swear now, and I am very much reformed." Sirs, I tell you it is no little change. _ It is not mending the pit cher, but it is brooking it' up afid having a. new one; it is hot patching the heart, it is having a new heart and a right spirit. There is nothing but death unto sin, and life unto, righteousness, that will 'save your souls. Thero mpst be a ' change of heart, real, radical, vital, entire, which only. Christ's salvation, can effect. 