THE "TWOPENNY TUBE." I In these days of opposition to the estab lishment of the electric system of tramways in Adelaide the following descrip tion of up-to-date London methods by an English gir] will be read with interest:-"This morning we went up j to the British Museum by the 'Twopenny Tube -otherwise the electric railway, which runs from Shepherd's Bush to the Bank, in the City, in 20 minutes, and for twopence ad the way. There are dozens of stations ail the way up, oil through1 the parts I of London that arenas a rule difficult to get ? at. For instance, by any other route it would take over an hour to get to the Bank. ? This Twopenny Tube is quite new, and is simply enchanting. Of course it runs un derground entirely, but oh! what a diffe rence from the dreadful underground rail way!- Well, first of a«l you plank down your twopence, and are given in exchange a ticket, which you drop into a box aa you pass the barrier. You them walk into a per iect "room" of a lift, and immediately you are genitly lowered into the very bowels of the earth-all brilliant.y lighted like a ball room with electric light. Tlien you go down a few steps on to a deliciousJy clean, un Londonlike platform with a single line and a tunnel .of deep blackness and tiny size at each end. Tne walls of tbese stations are curved inwards, and are of beautiful pure white, shiny brick, with thz name finitely and clearly written up-and oh! mar vellous! No advertisements that lead poor foreigners and shortsighted people to sup pose "that every station is ca.led 'Stephen's Blue Black,' or 'Ogden's Guinea Gold,' or 'Epps's Cocoa.' Here and there are casual looking garden seats which nobody ever has time to use, because before you have been in tliis model station a minute a train comes along with an alarjning looking torpedo-shaped engine and long corridor oars-all one class-be cause why? Because it is all one price twopence-quite sociable and socialistic, and all that kind of thing. I'm sure a socialist would love it, because if be were to travel at about 5 o'clock he would pro bably have a workman's oilcan affection ately rubbed against his frock coat and a hobnailed boot placed protectingly on his patent leathers! But perhaps socialists don't wear patent leathers and frock coats. I should think it would be wiser not! Well the seats in the cars are very com fortable, and tlje whole 'get up' of the train is clean and attractive, and there fore most unlike the usual London convey ances. I should think you could travel all day on the Twopenny Tube without getting a ghost of a smut on your nose, and the same could be said of no other place in London. The trains travel at a splendid pace, with only a few inches on either side between the 'train and the tunnel a veritable tube. The stops at the sta tions are on'y of a few seconds, and you are off almost before you realize the name of the station. Conductors stand at each end of the corridors, and as you leave a station shou't out the name of the next. It is all made delightfully easy for you, and when you reach your own particular sta tion you bundle out, get into the waiting lift, and in no time iind yourself above ground in the busy, noisy, rushing streets, quite bewildering sifter the -peace of down below! The return line, of course, ruus parallel, and the p!atfo»/ns are divided by a wall-a lovely white wall-with gates from one to the other. So after paying your twopence it is quite optional whether you go citywards or westwards. It is wonder fully airy, and they say in hot wejilher it is beautifully cool and draughty. 1 suppose all the air is pumped down, because never a glimpse of daylight do you have from start to finish-all bright electric Iiglit. Of course, it is a tremendous success, but I suppose it will be years before it really pays. It has been years building, ana must have been a hugely expensive job." 