Local Ghost Stories FROM LARRY DRAPER'S DIARY. By "Japonica." Throughout the county of Cumberland during our earlier history ghost 'yarns' were common talk. Old colonists delighted to tell them, believing they were true. Thus new chums and children were half scared to death in thinking that every lonely place — every dark corner — was haunted. More especially was this the case in and around St Marys. Several murders had been committed by refractory convicts at various times and places in that particular district, which doubtless gave cause for that fearful belief. The immediate scene of a murder is always a dreaded spot. More particularly was this so in days gone by. Superstition laid the foundation-stone of a ghost factory upon every spot where blood was criminally spilt. Even a grave yard, the home of the peaceful dead, was also the home of the supernatural, Thus men became more afraid of the dead than the living. The Colyton-road, just past Church Hill, was considered to be the most ghost- frequented spot in Cumberland, They used to sit upon the top rail of the fence like swallows on a telegraph wire. Car riers, coach-drivers, and old settlers would swear to it. There are now two burying-grounds on the Colyton-road, yet strange to say no one ever sees a ghost along there. It seems they are like the wild pigeons and wallabies—they somehow can't stand civilisation. Perhaps no writer did more to establish the fear fully foolish belief in ghosts than Shakespeare in his marvellous play of Hamlet, Bernardo tells how :— 'The burled majesty of Denmark Usurped the hours of midnight in ghostly shape,' Then again — 'In the palmy days of Rome The sheeted dead did squeak and gibber in the streets.' I think it is a serious mistake for any one to talk of ghosts before children. Superstition is a fearful thing. Once acquired it is seldom or never got rid of. Baby's first lesson in ghost lore often comes from the stupid nurse girl telling it the 'Old Boo Man' will come from a dark room and take it away if it is not good, This mythical 'Boo Man' soon becomes a fearful reality in the mind of the child, which if left alone for a minute in the dark will be convulsed with fearful imaginations, peopling the obscurity of every corner with ghostly shapes. And so they grow up with a strong fear of the darkness and must have a light in their bedrooms to help them to sleep. Children should be seriously schooled into the common-sense belief that no harm can come to them from the darkness. ######## THE HOWLING GHOST AT LETHBRIDGE'S GATE. This solitary apparition was first discovered by old 'Jabe' Hill on the Windsor-road. He had been splitting posts and rails in Leary's Bush, and ran short of 'tucker.' He was proceeding to St Marys for some just after nightfall, and, when passing the gate which led to 'Dunheved ' was convulsed with fear through beholding a moving figure, which stood erect looking over the top bar of the gate. Its eyes glared fearfully in the darknees. It appeared to be half man and half dog. Old 'Jabe,' for the minute, was spell bound, and almost unconciously spoke to it; when, to his astonishment and horror it com menced to howl in the most dismal tone. When Jabe had run half- a-mile without looking behind him, he suddenly stopped to get his breath. He declared that it howled louder and more dismal than ever. Late on the same night two horsemen incoming from Windsor came very near getting a fall through their horses shying when passing the old gate. And they both declared they saw a tall figure standing looking over the gate, and had a chain in his hand which he shook violently. Old 'Jabe' did'nt go to his work the next day, but told every one he met about the howling ghost. Two days after the first appearance of this dread figure old Tom Leary was jogging along on his old pot bellied mare passed the gate when, to his surprise, he saw his big dog 'Nero,' all tangled up with a chain. The ghost was 'Nero,' who had been not very well secured at home with a long trace chain, had been missing for several days, and when on the 'wallaby' in the neighbourhood got his chain fast round the bottom bar of the gate leading to 'Dunheved.' He had probably been there three days and as many nights without food or water, where his master found him. No wonder the poor ghost howled. ######## THE MOANING GHOST AT STONEQUARRY HILL was the greatest terror of them all. Scores of people saw, or fancied they had seen a ghost or something ghostly on that lone hill. Not only many years back, but a few years ago, and even now many old people have a strange dread to passing late at night. We know that 'Jack' Nash and 'Diok' Stapleton used to play the ghost there frequently just to scare passers bye. In the winter of 1838 a most brutal murder took place in the old quarry. One of the unfortunate convicts who was physically incapable of doing his share of the work allotted to him, received 60 lashes for what the brutal ganger called 'loafing.' The poor fellow swore vengeance, and, watching bis chance, sprang suddenly around and drove his pick clean through the skull of his ganger, killing him dead. And, of course, so soon as it got dark away came a ghost, which literally scared everyone who had the bad luok to pass that dreaded spot at night time. Only four people saw the howling one on the Windsor-road, but scores saw this grim silent shadow who was wont to appear at the approach to the quarry with a pick in hand, which a flash of lightning revealed to 'Old Tom ' Gilby as dripping with blood. Hamlet's father's ghost never scared Bernardo more than old Gilby was that night at Stonequarry. After that people could see a ghost there with their eyes shut, for they used to rush past afraid to look. It happened one very dark night in the winter of 1845 the mail coach broke down coming from Sydney somewhere near Eastern Creek. The horses were so done up that the driver was compelled to leave them at Tommy Dean's pub ' for the night. The nearest post office was at St Marys, so the mailman tramped, in company with a couple of the male passengers, right through to Penrlth, deliver ing the mall-bags at St Marys on his way. It was nearly midnight when the mailman and the two passengers approached Stonequarry, or Cummins' Hill it was called then. No sooner had they arrived at the top of the hill when they distinctly heard a low moaning cry inside of the quarry. Although nearly done up with their long walk, they all took to their heels and ran until they got to the hill over-looking Penrith. It was the ghost again, for three of them heard it; there could be no mistake about it — seeing and hearing is good enough proof. In the meantime the postmaster of St Marys found, when opening the letter bag, that a mistake had been made in the mail-bags. The St Marys one was taken on to Penrith. He felt it incumbent upon him to rectify the mistake, so he started off to Penrith just about half an hour after the mailman and party had gone. The postmaster was one of a very few who had never seen a ghost, in fact he always scouted the very idea of such things; but lo and behold you, no sooner had he arrived opposite the scene of Gilby's fright, when he heard deep moanings like to a woman in great pain. It was dismally dark with drilling rain. He could see nothing so called aloud, 'Who's there, is anyone hurt?' Then, from the darkest corner of that infernal quarry came a voice, feminine in tone, Irish in accent, saying, 'For God's sake, who iver ye may be, have pity on a poor woman who has a misfortune this very night.' Then he struck a match and went quickly to where the voice came from, when to his astonishment he saw 'Big Biddy,' as she was commonly called, with a new born baby wrapped in a shawl on her lap. 'Biddy' was very much exoited, she had been drinking heavily of late. Only a few hours pre vious to this episode she was seen leaving Brother ford's pub at St Marys. She was evidently making for her home, near the Cross Boads when the misfortune befell her. She packed it in her shawl and marched home with it as if nothing unusual had happened. And, strange to say, no ghost was ever seen after that at Stonequarry, ######### THE SQUEAKING GHOST AT DEADMAN'S HILL. This noisy cuss was the most modern one of them all; the last heard of or verbally recorded in local history. Deadman's Hill is situated on the east side of Mamre-lane near the old corduroy bridge. All that stretch of country from Mamre-Lane to Rope's Creek was a kind of a common to the people of St Marys, and was called 'Smith's Bush' simply because the late Thomas Smith, of 'Red Cow' memory, had the looking after it. The lane where the creek crossed it became impassible in wet weather, so the public made an opening in the fence and swerved around in Smith's Bush, crossing the watercourse higher up. It was about the centre of the curve where poor George Kelsie got his leg smashed up against a tree. Bloodstains were visible on that tree for months after George died, and somehow the curlews used to assemble there in unusual numbers, and seemed to cry out louder and more dismally mournful than anywhere. Possum shooters avoided the im mediate neighborhood through a kind of fear that was peculiar to the times. Quite a number of people declared they had heard a noise like some one in great distress; even in the daytime they had been startled by a peculiar cry. In the sum mer of 1863 some tramp discovered the dead body of a man lying between two logs quite close to this curved road. He reported it to the police and the news very soon spread over the district and when Drs. Clark and Wilson came to hold a post mortem half the population, with Lincoln's schoolkids at their heels, came to witness it. It was a most horrible and repulsive sight three week's dead, and died through exposure. So decomposed was the body the coroner directed its burial on the spot; so one of the logs were removed, a shallow grave dug, the body rolled in and covered up; then several long dry box saplings were felled, cut into seven feet lengths and placed on the grave to keep the dogs or cattle from interfering with it. About a fortnight after the burial took place the late James 'Smashem' Peckham happened to come along that way in search of firewood, when, to his surprise and delight, he discovered very near a full load of real 'tip-top' boxwood, all ready chopped for him. Half-an-hour after that it was nicely stacked in the backyard of the Carriers' Home Hotel, and the gay 'Smashem' then invited the landlord to come and see the splendid wood. The landlord promised to do so later on, ' Smashem'' remarking, us he wiped the beer-froth off his lips with his sleeve, 'By cripes, that licks 'em; Sawpit Gully and back in an hour and a half, fell 10 big saplings, chop 'em up, load 'em upmeself, all in less, time than it would take some of the — to go over Church Hill and back with a hempty cart." The shades of night grew dark and dismally darker on Deadman's Hill following the day that "Smashem " denuded the grave. Great big storm- clouds were looming up in the far-off Western sky, giving berth, to a continuous display of forked lightniite, putting terror into the hearts of travellers, A raging bush fire during the day had desolated a portion of Mamre back-bush and, all the region round about the Two-mile Creek. Great trees were frequently falling with a dull crash, sending a million sparks skyward which lit up the surroundings like a monster iron foundry. The birds in the woods Were sighing and a'sobbing Worse than at the death of poor cock robin. Mamre clear paddocks were full of curlews; they scampered round and about like mad and screamed louder than ever. Altogether it was a wild, ugly night for anyone to be about in it. Just about midnight two young men were proceeding along Mamre-lane on horseback. They had been taking part in a boxing contest which took place once a week in a back room at 'Dan' Paskin's pub ; the great George Hough was tutor. When they were passing Dead man's Hill, or Smashem's wood-yard, as it were, the wind began to blow, and a shrill scream was heard in the direction of the grave. Both the horses suddenly swerved and increased their speed, nearly throwing their riders. They pulled them up, however, and listened, when again they heard the screaming, but it was not so loud as before. With one accord they turned off the road and jogged over sticks and logs in the direction of the trouble whatever it was; when within 60-yards of the grave the cry grew faint. One thought the sound came from beneath the surface; the other fancied it came from overhead somewhere. They pulled up suddenly a good deal scared and listened and looked about, but could see nor hear anything. It was as quiet as the body in the grave in front of them. The wind, too, had suddenly ceased. A strange fear came creeping over the two horsemen, they didn't require anyone to tell them to go home. They left quick and lively on their own account, and it wasn't the mosquitos that kept them awake all night. Next morning they told a third party what they had heard, and then the three of them at once agreed to go and see the spot in daylight. They first noticed wheel tracks, and could easily see that someone had very recently removed some wood from the grave. They sat on a log near by discussing matters ghostly for 20 minutes, or perhaps longer. A gentle breeze sprung up, when lo and behold you, a faint cry was distinctly heard by them all. It seemed to be overhead, so they simultaneously looked upwards. Two box trees stood near tbem; one was very tall and straight, the other was shorter. It had a rather stout branoh, which stood out horizontally to the tall tree, and had grown so tight against it that tbe bark of both were worn off. The swaying of the tall tree caused the friction and the peculiar noise. And so departed for ever the ghost of Deadman's Hill. Wake up; Smashem 