AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. 'BOY JIM.' JliaS Maud Williamson is to be congratu lated on the derer and interetting plav she has written upon Dr. Conan Doyle « novel 'Rodney Stone.' She call* it 'Bov .Tim.' It was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, and the house followed the siory with close attention throughout. A little prompting was necessan- in the hrst ict, otberwiae the members of' the com pany willed well up in their part*. The intervals might, witn advantage, be cur tailed. The piece was capitally «taced aud well dressed. Rodney Stone n quite a se condary character in the piece, the principal ones being Boy Jim and Margaret Trevel hon. The story opens at Jac6 Harrison's force, Friar's Oak, where Boy Jim is found working as a blacksmith, lie docs not like the life, chough, and hungers for something higucr and better. He wants to get to Lou. don and make a name for himself. The tel ling cf the ghost ttory and tnc agitation of Margaret Trevclbon, who is in hiding, and who has already shown an interest in Boy Jim, arouse the interest of the audience. Sir Charles TregeUb explains how on the fatal night 20 years ago Lord Aron's bro ther was found murdered in has room aft.-r a night of gambling. Circumstantial evi dence pointed to Lord Avon as the mur derer, and his disappearance increased the suspicion. Wei], to get on wi... the story, Jack Harrison, who has retired from the fighting rinc, is invited by Sir Charles Tre RelHs to fight one more battle for the cham pionship, but his wife objects. However, Sir Charles prevails upon him to proceed to London and have one more Sent. Sir Lothian Hume, the villain of the piece, cm ploys some rascals to disable him on the eve of the fight, and just a$ the wagers ar- about to be declared forfeit 'Boy Jim stepj into the ring and takes his place. After Jim succeeds in knocking out his opponeut, Margaret Trevellion rushes into tne ring and declares him her son. In the last act Lord Avon, white and worn, comes back into the world. He explains that to have cleared himself of the crime he would have had to denounce his brother as a swindler, and that to save the honour of tbe family he had disappeared. It was be who had been the ghost of Glide Royal. Lord Avon tells the company how Margaret Trevellion is his actress wire and Boy Jim his lawful son. At the instigation of Sit Lothian Hume Lord Avon is about to be arrested, when Ambrose. Lord Avon's old valet, and a woman he has wronged sup ply undeniable evidence which fixes the murder on him, and he is marched off to answer for tbe crime. Boy Jim gets the girl he wants, and everything ends happily. The comedy of the piece is supplied by Ben Tibbet, champion, damson's anautant. The prize fight was splendidly arranged, and aroused the gallery boys to a state of mild excitement Professor Douglas was the Gloucester champion,- and he and Mr Woods had a real good go in. The exigencies of the piece demanded that the Professor should be knocked out, otherwise the result would have been different. MUs Maud Wil liamson, who always dresses her character; most artistically, was well oast as Margaret Trevellion. She played the part with a sympathy and a quiet reserved force that were most effective. Mr. Woods was tn earnest Boy Jim, but it is a pity he always wants to make himself look so pretty. Then be will persist m keeping his mouth open and showing his pearly white teeth. It i' this sort of thing that detracts from the character and robs it of its manliness. Mr. Woods vent in for the fight with a will Mr. John Hesford looked the character of Ohatnpion Harrison, «nd played it Well, too. Mr. lurry Beaumont is deserving of praise for h» impersonation of Ambrose. He made a lot ont of the 'character, of the. T«let Mr. E. * Gntton Cohcum) _, oiMed . nMcb ?nittrmwirt as] Ben' Tibbet. aad wm * great [awwrite with the pBerr boy*. Mr. A. W. Boothman made rather a cofaorJess Sir darks TregeUis. Mri£«sgeCfaa!ine»«inMj seen to advantage as Sir Lothian Hume, and Mr. Harry Hooson, although be had little to do as Lord Avon, did that little veil. 