THE HIDDEN LIFE. Now, I ask you if that is not the mean ing of the saying that your life is hid with Christ in God. And here lies the unchangeableness of obeying that voice within you. To recognise that your higher life, as Marcus Aurelius said, is a god in exile, or. more truly, a spark or God's life embodied, is to discover an ani mating force, capable of moving your life into a nobler attitude. "If any man hav.e not the spirit of Christ he is none of us," and the spirit of Christ is the spirit of manly uprightness, conscientious citizen ship, of honest trade, of personal purity, and above all it is the spirit of brotherli ness, and the spirit of rescue. We have seen the activity of the spirit of rescue exercised on behalf of lost souls in Hades, giving the lie to the blasphemy of Thomas Aquinas, who taught us that the blessed were to be rejoiced with a full sight of the punishment of the dead. But if we have the spirit of Christ we must remem ber that there are damned in this world as well as in the next; we must not wait to rescue until we get to the o:her side. IN THIS WORLD. There are spirits in prison on this side of the grave waiting for a Christ to descend into their Hades. And what Christ? The Christ in you, the hope of glory, the spirit of the Christ who was the enthusiast of humanity, the lover of the people, the friend of the poor, the comforter of the weary and the heavy laden-"Ye are the body of Christ and members in particu lar." I have no sympathy with those half-hysterical fancies which would per petuate the stupid anachronism of trans porting in imagination the God-inhabited Galilean of twenty centuries ago into a London drawing-room to-day, and then | 1irVt-- mTr ,r.*.,.X »,>. T -rl-n . r?--.? . - -, What would Jesus do? It is, What does the in-dwelling Spirit of the Divine Son ship which was manifested in Jesus bid me to do to-day while I have time? It bids me to realise that the Spirit of Christ overflows the boundaries of indi vidualism. It convinces me that the race is an organic whole, in which each must do for all what he alone does best. It assures me that the dignity and power of one whose life is hid with the Christ of God consists in his identification in heart and method with Christ: that when He willingly entered into the awful pr:son of disobedient spirits that He might plumb the depths of their misery, He suggested that there are levels in human degradation at which rescue becomes im possible unless the rescuer will descend to the very depths of Hades to seek and save the lost. My subject is not of my own choceing. I am speaking on behalf.of the National'Temperance League and in connection with the World's Temperance Congress now being held in Lon don. I am perfectly well aware of the unpopu larity of the subject, and I am also abseoutcly indifferent to that unpopularity. I know it is a marked characteristic of an age of luxury to resent plain-speaking about a notorious sin ; but men in earnest have no time to waste in sewing fig-leaves over the naked truth. St. Paul was a man in earnest; he sewed no fig leaves for the naked truth: he never glossed over with the pencil of euphemism vices which 'were eating out the hearts of his converts; his plain, unvarnished assault on deadly rns, which he enumerates under the headlng of the works of the flesh, breathes the atmosphere of refreshing candor and encourages all Christian ministers to clear themselvts from the imputa tion of luke-warmness. When so-called Chris tian society is ashamed of sin it will be time enough for Christian ministers to be kshamred to speak of sin from their pulpits, and to-day I am commissioned to speak of sin--of foul, treacherous, fascinating sin: a sin which is the parent of Impurity, infidelity, suffering, suicide, murder: of sin that knows no distinc tion between rich and poor, men and women, learned and ienorant: of sin that stamps its cursed label, like the brand of Cain, upon the besotted features of men and women made in the image of God, advertising them before their fellow-men, saying, "See, here are beings in whom Is .the kingdom of heaven-who are predestined to be conformed to the image of Christ-and it is written all over their faces that thcir god is their belly!" OUR NATIONAL SHAME. I do not propose to worry you with statistics of our national shame: they have been collec ted in ghastly and overwhelming array again and again. The most recent. and in some respects, per haps. the most notable contribution, is in .Messrs Rowntree and Sherwood's work. which is called "The Temperance Problem and Social Reform." which has come out in a new and enlarged edition. They prove beyond a shadow of doubt that misery, brutality, and crime are prevailing to an alarming extent. The columns of the daily papers, the constant utterance of Judges, ministers, coroners, superintendents of lunatic asylums, and workhouses, accumulate evidence that the most direct stimulus to crime, lunacy, and pauperism is strong drink. Drink, says the "Times" in a leading article. bafles us, confounds us, shames us, mocks us at every point. It outwits alike the doctor, tho man of business, the patriot, and the legisia :or; When every ether institution founders in, hopeless dfficulties tho pub:ic-house holds its triumnphant course. There is not a v':c or a disease or a disorder or a calamity of any kind that has not its frequent rise in tlhe pub lic-house. It degrades, ruins, and brutalises a large fraction of the British 'people. 'nd the most terrible proof of the extent to which thie fiendish epidemic is infecting the main-springs of our national life is to be found in the ap palling fact that according to the Regbitrar. General's report, the deaths directly attribut able to alcohol have in the last forty years in creased amongst women 100 per cent. THE RESPONSIBILITY OF CHRISTIANS. But, meanwhile-yes, meanwhile, that is what I have to do to-night-upon whom do you imagine rests the deepest responsibility for the present state cf things? I have net the slightest hesitation in replying that it reats .upon those who profess and call themselves Christians, if they understand the meaning of the word Christian.; whose lack of energy, zeal, and wisdom, and courage, has permitted, with out remonstrance, conditions of which the pub lic-house trade is the natural and the logical outcome. I do not for,a moment say that the man of the highest religious thought has a monopoly of the responsibility for the souls of those who are perishing from strong drink. Drunkenness is everyone's responsibility, of course; it impoverishes tho people, increases -taxation, limits the producing power of the nation. It is, therefore, a question for the statesman, even if he be an Athiest. It de teriorates the race, renders life less worth liv ing by increasing its sorrows, multiplying its perils, aggravating its evils: it is, therefore, a question for the philanthropist, whether he be a Mussulman, or a Buddhist, or a Jew. But drunkenness bars the channels of grace be tween the soul of theo man and the life-giving Spirit cf God: it defiles the temple of the Holy Ghost. "I tell you," says St. Paul, "that they who do such things shall not inherit the King. dom of God." It is, therefore. pre-eminently a question for those whose standpoint of faith is the higher Christianity, who believe that God and man are elementarily inseparable, that salvation is not the mockery of escaping hell by a subterfuge, but the evolution of character from the germ of the Kingdom of Heaven within, and who are convinced that it is the whole creation, and not a few favored and se lected specimens, that shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption. WHAT INDIVIDUALS CAN DO. Now, that I may be practical and definite, what can we do? Well, I would say first, let us in God's name clear our minds from cant. Let us stop our cars to the plausible sophie tries of those who would soothe us into inac tion by saying that this evil is exaggerated there is no language known to man that can express it, much less exaggerate it, and who assure us we can leave the issue to the gradual influence of education, of increasing knowledge and refinement. Education, knowledge, re finement! They were not wanting to Charles Lamb, the poet and essayist, the friend of Wordsworth and Coleridge; they only added to the bitterness of his pathetic wail. "From what have I fallen if the child that I remember was indebd myself." They are not wanting to many victims of the prevailing curse amongst the higher ranks of English society whose degrada tion and misery are concealed from public knowledge by their position in life. THE PERIL OF SOULS. Secondly, believing that the peril of souls is of more importance than the interests of any particular trade, we can become, and we ought to become more aggressive. We can constant ly keep the questlon before the r.ctice of magis trates, landowners, and the public. At times of elections, whether municipal or Parliamentary, we can show by our votes that we are in earn eat, and that our party feeling is subordinate to national morality. We can refuse, if we are in a position to do so, or use our little influence to persuade others to refuse, to lease a single acre of ground for building purposes without a stringent covenant to exclude nublic- houses. When a certain company of grocers decidld suddenly last year to apply for grooers' licenses for all their multitude of houses, and so to in crease imeasurably the curse of secret drinking amongst a certain class, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners absolutely refused to allow a single license to be taken for any house on the whole of their vast property. 'Doubtless there will be a pecuniary loss, but the moral gain will be indescribable. Of course, if you become aggressive you will be freely accused of want of charity; you will be told you are crusading against those who are often God-fearing and philanthropic, against those who build cathedrals and dwellings for the working-classes and support the Chuch in all her works. It may to some sound fanatical but I say that the cathedrals hak better crumble to the ground than be rebuilt with money reeking with the blood of the widow and the orphan, and that but for the vast accumulation of wealth gained by supplying temptation at an inordinate profit, the working classes would be able to build their own houses without any grandmotherly assistance. BANISH IT FROM OUR OWN USE. But let it be understood that we have no quarrel with individuals. The worthiness of the individual is wholly outside the question of the destructiveness of the trade. General Jou bert was, I believe, an exceedingly worthy in dividual, but his occupation was hostile to Bri tish interest, and we did our very best to kill him. Finally, we can choose I lay it on ne body as a duty-we can if we chi one, in the face of the present distress, banish from our own use that which, though perhaps it has never been and could never be a danger to ourselves, is brutalising, ruining, pauperising, maddening, thousands of our brethren in humanity. The simple, quiet self-denial of personal total ab stainers is within the power of all, and I could overwhelm you with examples which havecome under my experience in the last thirty years of the strengthening, reforming power in every kind of society of the silent w!tness of total ab stainers on the part of those who never made a platform speech in their lives, and who could not sustain for five minutes an argument as to the pathology of intemperance. I am convinced that the marked change of op':ion amongst clergymen, doctors, lawyers, and statesmen in the last 30 years is to be attributed more to the influence of the thousands of abstainers than to the arguments and statistics of reformers. Obviously you have got both the right and the power to use intoxicating drink if you please. David had both the right and the power to drink that water won for him from the well of Bethlehem; but it had been secured at the cost of blood, and he poured it on the sand. Jesus had both the right and the power to turn stones into bread in the wilderness. Had He done so He would have forfeited His identifi cation with His brethren in huiranity by avail .nbg s-smseit os a mc.,.- - - _- ....e .e a0oae their reach. He had both the right and the power to deaden the pains of the crucifixion by the use of the anodyne of alcohol and man dragora offered to Him. "He used His liberty in refusing, that He might have fellowship with humanity in their sufferings. LOVE BEARS THE CROSS. I have the right and the power to extend to nlyself the Indulgence of using intoxicating drink: no man dare to say me nay, but if I do so, I cannot place myself by identification by the side of my fallen brother whose only chance of cure lies in uncompr-,mising abst'n ence. If I would take him by the hand, bid him exalt himself and crucify the flesh, it is well that I should unfetter my heart and cleanse my hands by first bearing myself the cross that I am asking him to take up. I do not care one feather-weight whether or not Itere is logc in I this, I know there is love. Love is above logic, and love saves the wollat. There was little logic and much love in the self-renunci ation of Calvary. And there it: a voice still asking down the ages, thrilling the very air around us-"Whom shall I send and who will go for me?" It is the voice of God immanent in humanity: it is the voice of Him who deo cended into Hades on his work of rescue. You remember Whittier's words: Still Thy love, O Christ arisen, Longs to reach those souls in prison. Through all the depths of sin and loss Sinks the plummet of Thy cross. Never yet abyss was found Deeper than the cross would sound. SEND ME! But in this dispensation, when we are sent into the world for a little white to make it a little better: to wipe away some tears, at least, from some faces, the blessed asceruded Lord can only reach these souls in prison through the agency of men and women wasn possess HIe spirit; who are themselves prepared to descend into hell if lie wishes it, to scek and save the lost. And I ask whether come heart here will enter into the lists of love and will give Him back the answer, "Lord, here am I, send me." 