A CUNNING PANTHER. Captiin C. J. lielliss. 9th Kegiment Bombay Infantry, a well knowu Luutrr of big pent, has an enterlaiuiae paper iu the November 'fecriburr'' on panther shod ing in Central India. He bu a good dtal to lay about a pinther ef diabolioul cunning and insatiable appetite. For one whole year, he sajs, did 1 bunt the fiend. Innumerable were tbe goats I tied up a* bait for him, and unflaggiufr waa tbe blood thintyneis with which he responded hy mur dering and devoaring tbem. Innumerable were the dijs I toiler! and clambered under blazing hot noooiay suns Over rocks and bouldeiv, and through the juaplt of the hillside, trying to get him ; innumerable .were tke weary hours I passed vn aaooulight nights, up trees watching *var a goat's murdered reaaaios. All iu vaiu, neither by day nor by nisht would Le cutae. He had taken a m*st oac-sidi-d view uf thn game. Freperly, after devouring one of my goats, he abtuld in return bare allowed himstlf to b* found Gorged near the Spet tke next day, aud to be diir«n toward mo by the beaters ; but be had no true sense of sport. vYljile 1 gasped under a sweltering sun, fruit lessly hunting for him among tbe nullabs (tnviaes), or sitting upau a hot boulder of black roek with theaunbroilinemy braiun briwaXh my fibikar*t»p«e, awaited bis coming in the beat, he inu6thavc been curled up peacefully napping in nome distant shady spot, or licking bis chops in amiihed reflection at the sport he was uffurd iug m«. Uouhtlcn, too, he must have watched me as I at amid the swajine; branches of tbe slender bantard teak-tree in Manj au all-night sitting by mionlight watching for bim, and then de parted, osncludiag that it would be wiser to postpone linisblag the remains of tbe goat until I should have taken anjaelf off. It seemed so, far as aur«ly as I did not tit up over the remains ef his kill, so surely did he return to it tb&t; uigkt 1 aiugt caafvss, however, he gavn me tbree- cnaices at an early stage »f our acquaintance. On* afternoan I was watching froar a tree over tke remainB of a goat he had killed th* night befor*. It was early in tbe rains, tbe day had been a sbawery odc, and the suu sh*ue witb but a pleatant tr»rmtb. There was antirand fresVa nrai in the jungle about me. Animal and vegetable life seemed to rejeiee in the salva tion the blessed rains had brought them, and at the end ef the fierc* months »F draught. Birds came and perched in the branches above me in tbe vary tree where I sat, seeming tu take ao notice of tbe motionless figure beneath them, aud brigbtezed the jungle for me wild tkeir twittiring. Tbe unusutl amount that tbe pautLer had left of tbe coat showed tbat be bml made but a mild meal for him, and was d#ub - less the cause of his arrival bo early in the afternoaa ; or it may have b«en the keavy sbnirers had disturbed bim in his »p and tbe freshness of the air inclined him to stroll. Whatever the cause, he greatly curprised mi! by a very early arrival, and This is Wl,at Happened. ' ' ' It itill wautt-d au kjuur or s* to sunset. I had bio bi fulling the timehj Traichiug tlt« trrvmik unties of the two moauoose (wild brotbtua uf Uudyard Kipling's turuous Rikki-Tikki) about tbe carcaae of tbe coat. Tbeir first rnti ance. on t* the scnino. »n having winded the goat, waa made witb tbe ntmost caution. A pair ot pointed little nases.und lw* piira of sharp lilllu eyes first peeped out fr*m behind some bij stones— slowly the owuers of them emerged, cvrry hair of their quivering little bndies be tokening the utmost sense ot danger and alcit uess. Growing gradually bolder, they drew near tbe body, ever keeping the brightest loalc-out all around, now and again sitting up squirn 1 hke, lisleaing all they knew and ' speering ' about witb tbe sharpest eyes fcr tight or sound oftbelr duugernus aeiijhb.urs ; for well th.j knew from whose meal they were about to pilfer -th.irkeeu little noses wssld tell them that- . At length the tear-pU(ion lo feast grows too .»,o»g, aad they would dive iaside tke goalV ribi to snatch a cUcice morsel, only to pop out tke next inBtaDt nil nerres and trepidation, aid than some imtgiuaxy alarm wauld send thto-. - Kcuttling ivto the bust), iImq back again oaco : more. -be bolder spirit first, a; ore nervous watch fulneu agaia yielding to the deligfct of aoottt-r' morsel, and so *u aver and aver again I bad] almost forgotten tke panther io tbe amused iri-i terast I wan takiog in tbe quaint little creature - or atherwtse should have paid m«e attention to tberzeited »nreroa!ioD tbat bad bee* go'iip un among some birds in a tree not far off. Tbui Birds and Monkeys will often Warn ': tile junglex of the approach of a tiger—tlr latter especially take every opportunity to oj press by loud booting the iutinsitjr nf tbeir fitl icgi at th* hated preseuce uf either of tbc dread beiugs uf tbeir jungles. I bare beard, too, that peculiar bark »f the aambar atns1 sound again and again ia the night-air from . out of the dark jungles on the hanka of the NVr budda, u he Bends out a waraiug to hit kind; that * - : Murderous 'Stripes' is Stalking Near. ' - But to return to tbe panther. The mongoose bad grown more confident and their nerves less! ' jumpy,' when something caused me to look down. There, some eigbt feet below me, al most at the foot of my trea, atood the panther, ' a very big fellow, in all tbe jungle splendour of his shining yellow coat and rich black rosettes. Witb eyes fixed oa tbe mon gocse, be ntcud peifoctly motionless ' save for a geatle swaying *f the end of his tail ; hia right forearm advanced and head field forward below the line of his back, he looked the very personification of bountiful remorseless strength about to work its cruel' will. - Tke tw*- tiny thievea were juat at that awmeut muck engrosMd with the view of the goat's in side, peering about far another tit-bit. Fascia atedby the btaoty of the panther and intelestoil: ' to s«e what w*uld happen, 1 conld n»t »poil the pioture by firing.' After n moment's panse the panther made a move forward— then a couple of sileut bounds. It was the closest thiDg — ?iilyjustiu time the mopgoose , Whisked themselves off like lightning, and fled squeaking into the bush. The panther, disappeared f Her them, but the next mtmeut . his yellow form itepped out from the git«n aeain into tbe open. Uufortunattly bis pursuit of tbe M»ugooso had taken him up bill, thus bringing bim on a levtl with tbe low fork of the tree ie which t rwt. His quick iyo naught eight of roe inslaatly, aud be 'topped, looking up at nt. Flurried by tbe idea tbat Lr. would vanish on the instant, 1 threw up my rifle and End without aim. Something yellow flashed into tbe bushes in silence. Missed ! \ I had, indeed, made a mnddle of it in any desire to study natural history. The next tine we met aight was earning on — rain wa« falling, and I sat dnnched and miter able up. a. tree again. -Snddealy, .out cftbi-. ditknaaa he stalked, a dim grey shadow, on tu ' ibe tcenr. My tine rang out -tbe grey thadun vanished — oisaed again I The third time it was ?gaiu night, but there was a full m*on. 1 an perched in a tree amid thick jungle high upon tbe hillside aeu tbe crust, wht nee I have a wide view of a beautiful mota'it laBdeeape lying U._^.tit «na Rm4i1a.nl*r ??Mi'linMh a, atntinjt A silvery Panther, or tbe Ghost «f one, : glides Mftly acrois the open patch of moon light, where the partly-devonnd gnat lay- it* farm ailbauctied in vivid whUtaeat against tbe black shade of tlin surrounding bush ' Can't miiis this time.' I thought, aa 1 livtlled my rifle 1 1 him. But I did ; aad let only tl oar Mio know «h»l il ?? «- «'m by moc nligU cast the Brat auipo. At last hlf fate overtook him. rVintai in Hew South Wales. 