BLACK JACK OF WILLARD'S CHASE. [Ail i-.JM8 RebmevbdA Willard's Chase, pait of the New Forest, which at one time embraced half Dorset, Hampshire, Bnd Wiltbhire, is full of hills, which towards Doisetshire, turns to bare dowDB, with here sod there a beech of clomp trees and dwarf oaks on u knoll, and a- sun ken line that indicates an ancient British pathway or an old Human road leading to me coast. Up a low grassy track, called iu Wiltshire, ' cedrives,' and round a shoulder of the ^ rolling down where three lines of grassy ram part showed that a Roman camp had once stood there, upon a September evening a few years ago, a young fellow wended his way slowly and thoughtfully, and in a deep, reverie. A sturdy keeper— the wanderer— had bin gun on his shoulder and his dog at bis heels. He was a fine well built yonng eon or Britain of about two or three and twenty, hill face shrewd and defiant, Mb step firm and light. His brown velvet shooting jacket was worn almost white on the right shoulder, whilst the gray felt hat he had thrust rather jauntily on one side of his head, bore traces of hard service in many a storm. There was a peculiar half-Bmile on his face that evening— an expectant kind of glance, ae lie scanned the woodlands andoopses scattered here and there below him. Suddenly a little figure ran round a ring of Druidical stones, and waved a handker chief. The young man started and held up hisguo, and then like a deer bounding down into the hollow was met at its base by a laughing rosy -cheeked girl. Fair-haired and blue-eyed, the young maiden betrayed no sign of alarm as the sturdy handsome young keeper caught her in his arms. ' You are late, Harry for sure,' she ex exclaimed, in reply to a dozen kisses bes towed on her pretty lips as red as cherries. . ' A nice gallant lover -4 I'm ashamed of you, sir! I ventured on the way and yet you've only just come up. Thought you'd have met me in the deep hotyow copse. 1 bid behind the witches' oak.l hinking to jump out upon you like a ghost 1' ' A very substantial ghost, Hetty. Would make a ghost many a fellow would give some thing to be haunted by, I swear.' * More kisses here followed, which extorted an ejaculation of ' Do-a-done, Harry. ' ' Say, Hetty,' at length exclaimed the ardent lover in a Berious tone, ' have you heard them was another buck billed last night by the Kiver UaK t ' But that was not your walk last night. Hurry.' ' No ; you remember I told you old Teddy Jukes would exchange with me. It's that ruffian, Black Jack, again. I owe him a debt, and would give a year's wages to have my fingers laced about his throat. I'd strangle him and save the hangman trouble later on.' ' Oh, Harry, don't ! Fray don't look likn that. You look— you look— downright ugly, there!' ' [ can't help it, dear, I get so savage when I think of that villain's crime a year ogo. When killing his victim he got off by a too lenient sentence of manslaughter. Now, listen to me, Hetty.' The young fellow, taking the pretty little dimpled hands of his companion within his own, here sat her down beside him on the grass. ' You put me in mini now, Harry, of the judge at the 'Sizes. 'Whatever is the matter 1 JlMl, A. UU &CC; w lllgllbCUOUi BUIOi OJMrfltllUlCU *lw- eirlf laughing Imidly, ahamag a Her of teeth that glistened like pearls in her ruby little roBebud mouth. ' Don't laugh, Hetty, dear, for I want to talk seriously to you,' said her lover, as still lioiding her bands firmly clasped within his own, he looked fondly into her bright blue eyes. ' Now tell me, dearest, did you men tion to anyone that I and Teddy Jakes are going to change walks ? The poachers and deerstealers have heard of it, and they can do what they like with Jakes when they ome get him to the fyed Buli; you know what a drunkard he is: you know how he drinks.' ? ?? Am I on my oath— really to tell yon the bonest tiuth, and nothing bat the truth ?' cried the laughing girl, as she shook her jover's hand up and down. ' You must tell me the truth ? yes, Hetty.' - ' And yon won't be cross or angry ?' ' How could I be with you, darling ?' ' Well, then, I did tell abiut the walks being changed, but I can't tell you who that party was I mentioned it to.' ' But I must know who was your confi dant, Hetty; I can do nothing without the information.' ' Well, it wasn't a deer-stealer, Harry,and it wasn't Black Jack.' ' Don't suppose it was, pet; but seriously, it is no laughing matter to me. If this thing goes on I shall lose my character with Lord Rivers, so you muut be explicit with me, my dear girl, for I muBt get a clue to these vagabonds.' - ' MuBt I tell you, Harry?' There was a sorrowful, regretful tone in the voice of the maiden now. ' If you love me, Hetty, you will tell me the truth.' ' And you won't be crosB with me?*' ?' f^MBB ntith Wire »a,$ ? n*. T *.«. *.*?.* vswuu itiim JVU, |»OW— UU. Jl U1U UUU* vinced it was the knowledge of the change loflt ub that buck last night. Tell me at once who you mentioned it to.' ' Can't you gue'sB, Harry, dear?' ' I've not the faintest idea, Hetty.' ' Well, it was to my brother Luke,' Baid the girl, ail the mirth dying out of her face now. 'Your brother!' gasped her lover, bis hand shaking so that lie almost dropped his gun. ' The Pyed Bull is Luke's favourite hunt, and 'tis there the poaching gang meet I've long Buspected.' , . ' Yes, and my brother, the same as JakeB, ia ever craving for diink, Hawy, and I sup pose he' let out what I told him when he was intoxicated.' »i uuviu o uuuvit uoiiiy i jroor tiUKe J scarce moro than a boy.hls love of liquor will be bis ruin; b-s case is .worse than' Jakes, as the latter is an old man. However, this wiil be a caution to you, darling, not to repoBe oonfidenoe in' your brother again. ' When the wine's in the wit's out,1 and this holdB good with strong ales. And now I'll tell you another secret, dear one,'— with a hturied kiss the young man mo ved to go— ' Teddy Jakes and I do not change to-night; we have orders from the ranger to retain our usual posts. So if the poachers are up to any more mischief, they'll come to grief. Miad.Hetty, not a .word, even -to the very air. Good-bye, my sweet pet, t wish I could go baek with you, but I cannot,' 'And is this the way you are going to leave me ?' pouted the young beauty. . '- It is almost 8 matter of life and death, Hetty, and if you love me you wouldn't wish ' to keep me. I Bhull see or hear of the deer stcalers at the Pyed Bull, and shall then know what to do.' ' Oh, do not go after them, Harry. Black Jaok will hill you; be fears nothing.' ?? No more do I, Hetty, there. Good bye, \- love; don't cry, don't be foolish I', he ex claimed, us he now clasped her In bis arms t ??? I'm on lUe tmo&of; the «mng, now. Wi»h me succeBB, deaV^irl.' ''???? 'I do; Harry, Idoj bnt, oh 1 I have an awful feeling of Something- terrible about to happen.' And now, as the young keeper bounded away, Hetty sank down upon the grass, weeping * and sobbing lu a very par oxysm of grief and alarm. A ,1iBMi-iin DiimH t.tiA Hnwnn mMnwhiln soon brought the young keeper to a hilly spot that commanded a good view around and a clear Bight of the inn, the Pyed Bull, known by woodmen many a mile away. Standing. on the summit, of the hill, his eyes bright and keen, Harry discerned four men congregated at the door of the inn, all of whom were pointing sotobb the road to a high field near a wood on the opposite side.. A few minutes after the astute and deter mined keeper-had- reached the little village public house, and making his way into the -ar as he had suBpected, found Beated with some half-dozen loafers, his fellow keeper, the old man, Teddv Jakes, who, half drunk, was shouting out the scraps of n bunting song. By the lire, with his back to the door. Bat a stalwart lad, Hetty's reprobate brother, in close confabulation with s- short, red, bearded man, a well-known comrade of the noted desperado and poacher Jack Ingle dew, or Black Jack, as he Was called. ' Why, blessed if Harry Dudley ain't jined ub,' cried the inebriated JakeB, who; Btaseerine forwards, dapped bis companion on the back, exclaiming, in thick, guttural accents: ' We've had the ranger here, Harry, boy, swearing about that buck that was killed yesterday. I- did'nt let out as it war Black Jack's doings, though; Jack always squares it with me, Harry, and so he will with you.' ' I'll Bquare with him, Jakes, by putting him inahole he won't get out of in a hurry !' muttered the young keeper, with frowning brow. ' Don'tee meddle with 'on, Harry; be a i dead shot, and he's sworn he'll kill the Irst man who lays hands on him. He said it at you lad, not half an hour ago in this very bar.' ' Ha I yon've had the ruffian here, then, as I suspected, and he's how away in Audley Woods; but I'll have him 1' cried the young keeper, as with flashing eyes he made for the door.. The half-drunken crowd, along with the affrighted Jakes, now endeavoured to keep the excited young man back, but, shaking them off, Harry Dudley was out at the door, down the road, end flying towards the adja cent woods in a moment of time. This place, Audley Woods and Walk, was s favourite haunt of the deer, being full of coverts and lurking places, and full of leafy holly, the deer's favourite food. The scattered- woodlands and coiwb abounded in hazel and young beech, and the fern grew thicker on the sIopeB and round the hedgerows than in other parts of the deep woods. Gaining, after half-an-hour'e Bharp walk ing, some high ground, Harry, casting his eye towards an hedgerow, perceived two mnn walking slowly by the side of it, one, as far as he could distinguish at Bach a disatnee, carrying a gun. With compiBesed lips and knitted brow the enraged young keeper stood for a moment glaring at the two poachers,and then without further hesitation darted pfF io pursuit of them. Daot oiir si'nfnnlr f linrA was nnln a. *?« m shadowy light hi the woods, and it was with Borne difficulty Harry kept the two figure in sight, to his chagrin the poachere pre sently both disappearing through a gap in a tall, thick hedge. Uigbt ahead he now unhesitatingly rushed, and iu a few moments was in the gap, and brushing away the nazelB, to his amaze, almost butted againBt a man who was quietly standing smoking a pipe, with his hauds in his pocketB. The shrewd young keeper fancied he could detect the device. v The fellow so unconcernedly smoking his pipe was screening and covering his mate on ahead, and that other man, Harry intuitively felt, was the ruffian he wanted— the deer Btealer who had sworn to take his life— the poacher, Black Jack I The daring young keeper resolved imme diaely upon his course. There wbb a great {arize to win, whatever the riisk might be. %Brufhing past the fellow with the pipe iwnu grumuieu tsomeLaiug suueniyj, juarry hurried on. Presently, after gaining a sort, or Btubble field, he could discern nothing of the man with the gun, but dasiiing on reck lessly now, for his blood was up, he caught sight at last of someone creeping along under a hedge about fifty yards ahead. A loud mocking laugh now woke up the stillness of the scene, and in another moment the creeping figure had started up. A giant of a man over six feet, with volu minous black beard and whiskers shrouding his mahogany-tinted visage, menacingly con fronted the gamekeeper, a gun pointed directly at his head. With a thrill Harry Dudley, as the deadly tube was presented at him, raised his own rifle to his shoulder, but, before he could take aim at his deadly too, a sharp crack waB fol lowed by a whistling ping over his head, a streak as of flame passing across hiB scalp, whilBt his felt hat whirled away like a wisp of straw. Staggering back with the idea that he was mortally hit, the young keeper was saved from a second discharge by tumbling into a small hollow. Again now that mocking, jeering laugh rang in the air, and then as Harry rose paitly on his feet, muscular aims wonnd around bis chest with the Btrength and hug of a grizzly bear, Having made the disoovery a second of time before that the bullet of the murderous poacher had only greed hiB scalp,he now pre pared in wild, fierce rage for a struggle to the death with bin enemy. Not a word was spoken by the infuriatBd aniagouiBbB. ? The stalwart young keeper knew that he had to Hght for it or his hour had come, and in ragq and desperation be struggled in the embrace of the bloodthiiBty poasher, the renowned and mercileBB Black Jack. A practised wrestler, Hairy held bis own until his brutal and ferocious antagonist' with his heavy-tipped boots kicked at his legs, slashing the flesh at every lunge as though it had been cut with a reaping hook. Not content with this barbarouB feat, as both come to the ground, the deer-Blayer, with a savage howl.fixed his teeth like a bull dog into the neck of his adversary. Sick and faint from Iobb of blood and the fierce struggle, Harry had nearly lost all con sciousness, as locked in the other's mad em brace', he presently fell with him into a deep, dark rent or hole in the earth. Giddy and i 'bruiBsd, released from the deadly grip of hiB j mad foe, Harry remained for some minutes with the same sort of feeling one has upon awakening from a bad dream. 'Tne first thing that roused him to his full senses was the' strange quietude of hiB fierce companion. .... And now, as he pushed' away from his brenBt one - of those murderous bu|re hands that 'had gripped dim bo tenaciously shortly before, he started up with a cry of horror. j The hand he thrust away had felt very oold ? 'to. bis touch.' ??? ?' Hod felt like a hand of the dead. There as only a faint ?pale light in the well Jike -cavity, and, stooping down quite close to the doubted up heap betide him, Harry perielved in a momentthathe was aiono with ' death. - :??'. i .? . .? . ... ?.??.?,' ?kyingtn «bent posttioivhisfaoe a ghastly bl«u oniP'-rple.«lai»ka«ok) the desperado »na poadher, had been stricken suddenly out 01 life. His raoe was run; his murderous ?Mack upon th« yonng gamekeeper his last tJTUnq. O-P* '?*? £?'?!?!. -'.\ -! ? 'tl'.ij-; ? ?-? | : ? -F»Uinir nndtrattsth the bdoVOf iiis youth *«!, «ntagonJ«i ;»l»ok Jack had broken his ?Ins -upon Mi head *nd in the attemnt to toommttBnoitoMrdiwdMMttoV ' | .,-- ; .?;- ^ ??fThrBna.) ? - - ??? ? '?' ' 