PARTICULARS OF HIS EXCEL- LENCY'8 8TAY. THE 1NT1BVIEW. The absence of reliable information as to fie movements of Lord Hopetonn on his arrival at Fremant'e and the desire of the Home authorities that there eh:old ba no reception on account of his i 1 health a;co jntsd for the faot that no arracgements had been made to formally weloome him to Australia. The over head railway bridge at Frimui tie had been descrated with flags and green staff?, while an ins jription, • Federated Australia welcomes tha Governor- General,' extended along the end of the biidge in ted lettering on a while back gronnd. Over the centre of the inscription was a design on oalioo representing tfce flags of the Empi>e, enclosing a painting of the Governor General. The R.M.S. Victoria, whioh Lord Hopetonn boarded at Colombo in suoh a weakened condition on acoonnt of fever that he bad to be carried aboard, was sighted from Rottnest at 2.15 this morning and entered I ha river at 5 80, berthing at South Qaay a few minotes later. By this time the vessels at the wharf were lined with bunting from stem to stcre, and the mail atcamer was eimilai ly dressed. At 8 a .m. the Ft emantle Artillery fired a salate at South Qaay, and guis from the Royal Arthur replied It had bean intended Lord Hopetonn shonld join the flagship at Fremantle and prccsed direct to Sydney, bnt these plans had to be changed in oonBeqneace of his medicil advieer, Major Phileon deeming it advisable tbat be eboald con tinue his voyage to Adelaide in the mail steamer, and then embark on the Royal Arthur. His Excellency immediately granted a repcrter an interview id the captain's cabin, whioh wis placed at his disposal, for the voyage by Commander Crewe Lord Hopetonn was Iookitg thin and pallid, and seemed only the ghost of bis former self, although rapidly recovering from his severe attack of malarial dysentery. Lord Hopetonn bore plenti ful signs of the ravages of (be disease. While ready to converse, he desired to keep away from pclitioal matters, ani in reply to the in'erviewer, could give no information as to whom he would call upon to form the first Federal Ministiy. With regard to hie illness Lord Hope tonn said he bad gone to India for a five weeks' holiday, end at t' at time he had every reason tj believe a hot climate wonld sait him. For the first 10 days be was particularly well, then, all in one day, he was etrioken down with fever, and beoame seriously ill. This was at Meerat, He had to be carried in a dhooly to the train, afterwards to the Naval Commandant's quarters, and finally, to Government House at Colombo, The attack had developed into a severe form ot malarial dysentry. ' I am qnite ft t cow,' remarked His Exielleacy, tut his appearanoe belied it, 'for at Meeiut I believe I hardly weighed as muoh as my eldest Bon, I am able to dress myself now and toddle abou . It was only the day befoie yes terday 1 ttat I was able to walk about the deck. I .don't want to see any more of India,' remarkei His Excellency, ae his thoughtB went back to the unpleasant experiences he had enoounteied there. Referring to the illcess of * Lady Hopetoan, he said : ' Misfortunes never seemed to come singly. Two days before reaohing Colombo Lady Hopetonn toDk ill, and by the time the seaport was in sight, she wa3 suffering from malarial ftver. Think God she is well!' eaid His Lordship when he was informed of the latest cable reports regarding hero edition. His Exoellfnay expressed the hope that, on reaching Sydney, he would recover quiokly, as ha fared far better on land than on sea. •I am a king to what I was,' hejicularly remarked. The reporter ccnld well imagide it when he added that when at Meerut bis condition was similar t) that of tfce famice-jtricken Hindoos. Qaestioned as to his feelings on returning to Australia, Lord Hopetonn r plied that he was ooming back among oldftimda and did net feel shy this time. The fiveyears he had spent in Australia were the happiest years of his life, and he was (leased to ba back again. It was gratifying to fiad that people were S3 kind and thoughtful in remembering one who had left them, though only for a time, far the general raleWBB that when a man goes, he goes for ever. With reference to the feeling in England at the Federation of the Australian colonies, Lord Hopetoan slid that a great delight was felt throughout the kingdom at the faot that the colonies had entered into the bonds of unioa, When asked if he had any message to ba sent to the people of Australia, he j remarked th at c ny message he wonld have would be to the whole of Australia this time and not to any one part of it. He aided, joonlarly, he would take oare not to qaete Kipling, but would consider what message he would send, and would give it to his interviewer later in the day. Major Philson, the medical adviser to Lord Hopetrun, on being seen, olassed the Earl's complaint as a severe attaok of acute dysentery, which is a very serious malady in India. He was very ill when he boarded the steamer at Colombo, bnt had improved considerably daring the trip. He was still, however, very, weak, bat was rapidly growing stronger, and was nsw able to sit out on deck for a few hours every day. He hoped the Earl would be sufficiently recovered on his arrival in Sydney to go through the necessary offioial duties, bathe would not allow him to participate in any socialities for the preBent. It had been intended that the Earl should b3ard the Royal Arthur at Fremantle, but on the recommendation of Major •PbilsoD, that it would be better for him to proceed to Adelaide on the R.M.S. Victoria, and there tranship to the warship, he would not join the Royal Arthur here. Major Philson will remain with him until his complete reoovery from illness. At 7 o'clook tbis morning the Mayor of Fremantle (Mr E Solomon, M.L.A.) paid an informal visit to the Gaternor- General on board the Victoria. The following officers attached to the staff of L->rd Hopetonn are on board the VictoriaMajor S C Philson, R.A.M.C,, medioal advieer; Major the Honorable C Willoughby, military teoretary ; C S L Qore, Esq., secretary ; and Captains B. Corbatt and S. Doff, A's.D.C. - Shortly after 11 o'clock the Administrator, Sir Alex Onslow, the Premier, th i President of the Legislative Council, the Speaker ot the Legislative Assembly, and a Ministerial party called on His Excellency and extended to him a weloome to Western Australia. The visit vjft3 of a purely formal nature, and took the form of a quiet conversation on the deok, His Excellency desiring that no fonotion should be held on account ot the ttite of his health. As the Victoria ewusg out about 11,45 there was a large orowd at the quay, and when still there was a short distanoe between the veasel and the throng, the Governor-General elect appeared at the rail of the steamer. Sir John Forrest imulfediately led rousing cheers for Lord Hopetonn, and anotherWBB given for Lady Hopetonn. Lord Hopetonn smiled, a ad bowed his acknowledgements. When silence was restored, he said: 11 hope tbat I oan come to see yon very eoon, and I hope that I chill ba in belter form than I am now.'—^Cheers. The Governor.General elect then callod for three ohcers for 'United Australia,' and these were heartily g'ven by she orowd, after which Lord Hope, toon wished the people of Western Australia good-bye and disappeared from the rail. At 12 50 p.m. the last lines were cast off, and the steamer was promptly swung round with her head out to sea. Hearty oheers were given, in whioh the Premier led off, and the last, for some time, waB seen of the first Governor* General of the Commonwealth. 