A GREAT SERMON WORTHY OF A GREAT ARCHBISHOP REDWOOD AT THE DEDICATION OF THE CATHEDRAL His Grace the Archbishop of Wellington was the preecher at the Dedication of the Cathedral on ttunday morning. It was a magnificent discourse — truly a great sermon worthy of a greac occasion. ' He shall reign in. the house of Jacob for ever, and of His ?kingdom there shall be no end.'— St. Luke I., 32-3. We are here assembled in thousands to hold a grand celebration, and to inaugurate a great event of ecclesiastical history — great in the memories of the past, great in the bright hopes of the future — the First Australasian Catholic Congress. For many years, and -under three successive Arch bishops, conspicuous for their aeal, ability, and success, you Catholics of Sydney, emulating the piety of your forefathers in those ages of faith ?which, created the noblest religious edifices, grey with venerable age, in the old -world, set your Belvea the noble task of perpetuating in this fair Austral land the glorious traditions of the past. TRIUMPH AND THANKS GIVING. This beautiful cathedral, now sufficiently com pleted to make us envy the eyes that will see it in its finished magnificence, this structure so grand in design, so solid, so majestic, and so rich in every architectural grace and detail, is your gift to the Almighty, worthy of your traditional faith and deTotion. It is the triumph of your faith and generosity. It will stand on ita commanding eite a principal ornament of your queer, ly capital, a splendid landmark to be hailed with joy by the pilgrim from distant shores, as he sails up your incomparable harbour. And its second solemn opening to-day is felicitously coincident with the First Catholic Congress celebrated under the Southern Cross. We are met together to solemnly return thanks to God for all His bless ings bestowed upon His Church at large, and upon this country in particular, during the nineteenth century about to close, and to invoke His bene diction and favour upon thej twentieth century about to open. From time to time, in the course of human destinies, occur greater and mors striking events, in which the paBt and the future are, as it were, summed up, and which, though intrinsically great, are tokens and representatives of greater things than themselves. Such is the purport of our present celebration. It witnesses that much has been done j it predicts that much and more is to follow ; it is the recognition and seal of past successes,, and an instrument of their consolida tion and increase. Well, then, may we rejoice on this day, and most happily does it fall within the octave of the Feast of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary ; for to whom under God are our acknowledgments more truly due, and our expectations more securely turned than to the all-holy and ever-glorioua Mother of God? MY THEME THE DIVINITY OF CHRIST. I remember that, eighteen years ago, at the first opening of this noble pile, my 'theme was the \- divinity of Christ, and I see no reason to change that theme to- day, though I shall, of course, view ? it under other aspeots, and treat it in a different luty. A.t the close of this century we are associ ated with the whole Catholic world in doing solemn homage to Christ, the Redeemer of man kind, in paying to Him our tribute of adoration, praise and love, in thanking Him especially for the (priceless benefit of our redemption, and in invoking His Almighty j blessing upon the approaching twentieth century, which already stirs our hearts with sanguine hopes and serious apprehensions— a century whose influences on human society are incalculable, and fraught with the most momentous consequences for weal or for woe. Considering Jesus Christ in His social aspects, I proceed, then, with His assistance, to prove His divinity, by exhibSting the supernatural and divine society which He has created in the bosom of mankind. The highest manifestation of Divine power is the creative power. Of course man has not this sovereign attribute. He cannot create in the strict sense of the word ; but he can do what resembles this Divine attribute, he can found; and this power to lay a foundation, to build upon it, and to complete the structure, is a ray of Divine power; and in nothing else is human power so fully manifested. Therefore, the extent of a man's social power is measured by the exte it of his social foundations. Men. before now, have been known to found an intellectual society, or school, by science ; a political society, or an empire, by niighb; a religious society. Or sect, by ?..-. the passions of men. But Christ did not found a school by science, nor an empire by might, nor a sect by the passions of men — He founded a religious society, or Church, by His own Divine power; He set up a spiritual kingdom to last for ever, in which He re'tgas supreme, as Prophet, Prieat, and King, even to the consummation of the world; nay, when that Church Militant on earth shall have accomplished its Divine mission it shall pass ;into the Church Triumphant in \- heaven, the blissful reign of Christ and His saints for all eternity. This glorious kingdom, this spiritual world, immeasurably superior to the material world around us, is the work of His Divine creative power, employing for that mighty purpose human, instruments, humanly speaking, entirely inadequate. OUR LORD DID NOT FOUND A SCHOOL OF SCIENCE. He did not found a school of science. To a few ignorant fishermen on the shores of Lake Tiberias He said : ' Follow Me, and I will make you fishers of men.' (Matt, iv., 19.) He said to an obscure Galilean, 'On Thee I will build My Church.' (Matt, xvi., 18:) He said to these strange disciples, ' Go and teach all nations. Take no thought how or what to speak.' Have we here a learned man, a scholar committing his system to other learned men, as did Socrates, Aristotle, or Plato? What is His pulpit?— A rock in the mountain-top, a bank on Lake Genessareth, a traveller's bench near Jacob's well. What His favourite audience?— The com mon people, the poor. What His style of teach ing ? — Most simple, easily understood by all Is this human science after the manner of Plato, Descartes, Leibnitz ? No ; but a Divine teaching which has overthrown the obstacle of heredity, the barrier of nationality, the division of races, and has triumphed alike over the past and the future. Neither did Christ found an empire by might. Might is hard, violent, imperious, while Jesus was all sweet and calm and meek, all kind and merciful. He, the Founder of an immortal society, knew full well that might founds shortlived societies, and that all who take the sword shall ultimately perish by the sword. He cheeked the ill-timed zeal of his Disciples who wished to resist. ' Put up thy sword into thy scabbard.' (John xviii., 11.) ' To found a kingdom which shall embrace the world, I send you, not with migrhty armies, not with the thunder of battles and the glare of con flagrations; I send you as sheep in the midst of wolves.' (Matt, x., 7-16.) Is this the language of might ? Nay, is it not the language of extreme weakness ? And yet this Divine weakness has achieved far more than the sword of Romulus, the lance of Attila, or the scimitar of Mahomet. HIS CHURCH NOT A SECT. Again, Christ did not found a sect by an appeal to the passions of men. What has not religious fanaticism effected by cleverly pandering to sensual passions ? Did Christ flatter the popular instincts ? Did He foster the ambition of the Jewish race aspiring to the religious and political sovereignty of the world — a sovereignty which Mahomet was obliged to promise to the Arabian ? raee ? Did He put forward the Messianic idea according to the carnal conception of the Jews ? Did He flatter the pride of His disciples and give free scope to their wordly and national ambition ? No. He said to them, 'Of yourselves you are nothing and can do nothing j do what I command you, and when you have done so, beat your breasts and say you are unprofitable servants.' Did Christ flatter sensual passions? Is the Gospel the law of pleasure ? Nay, is it not the law of the Cross? A mere thought, a look accounted as sinful as an action, a desir« of revenge judged worthy of punish ment, the indulgence in a self- complacent feeling able to destroy a whole life of sacrifices and virtues : such is the morality which has drawn the world to the feet of Christ crucified. What, then, is this power which, without appeal to science, or might, or human passions, nay, despising them all, has nevertheless founded a kingdom, unique in the world; has conquered time and space, overcome the barriers of heredity, nationality, and race, subjugated the past and the future ? Verily it is the same Divine power which made the world out of nothing. But that power is Christ's, therefore Christ is God. Let ua now look more elosely at this visible Church of Christ; this vast and wonderful society of the Redeemed. Was it an absolutely novel work, without root in the past, without precedent ? No. That sublime creation had a long preparation analogous to the preparation of our terrestrial globe. Geological stratifications disclose to us a slow and rising progress of life towards imperial man, who sums up all other lives in himself. Kingdoms, families, genera, and species succeed each other as prophetic signe of His advent. So it was with the historic classi fication in regard to the work of Christ. We behold human generations ever advancing in the growing light of Divine Revelation, and the old Church, announcing in many ways the apparition of the new. THE GERM OF ALL REVEALED TRUTHS. Already, in the old Church, the virtue of the Redemption was applied by anticipation. From the just man Abel, the first harvest of death, no one could be saved unless he believed at least implicitly in the promised Redeemer. This fundamental article of faith contains germinally all the revealed truths which will ever be an nounced to the world, and 1he souls whom it gathers together already belong to the Church of Christ. It accordingly has been justly aaid that 'the beginning of all things is the Catholic Church.' That mysterious Church, spread among the Gentiles, took a corporate shape and determinate form in the Judaic institutions. The doctrine, law, sacraments, and priesthood of the chosen people were so many signs of the visible manifestation of the Church. But — as St. Thomas Aquinas remarks — all theie things were imperfect, preceding aud preparing the perfect. The old Church 'was conscious of her imperfec tion, and while she prefigured the new Church by hex constitubion, she announced her by splendid prophecies. ' All the ends of the earth,' she said by the royal mouth of David, ' shall remem ber, and shall be converted to the Lord; and all the kingdoms of the Gentiles shall adore in His sight.' ' Arise, be enlightened, O Jerusalem,' Isaias cries out, 'the Gentiles shall walk in thy light, and kings in the brightness of thy rising. Lift up thy eyes round about, and see ; all these are gathered together, they are come to thee; thy sons shall come from afar, and thy daughters shtll rise up at thy side. Thou shalt see and abound, and thy heart shall wonder and be en larged, when the multitude of the sea shall be converted to thee, the strength of the Gentiles shall come to thee,' PREPARATORY EVOLUTION. Thus the old Church expected the new, but she was no stranger to the work of Christ. She was an assemblage of sacred elements which He transformed by imparting to them a greater per fection; perfection of the truth made clearer and enriched wife new revelations ; perfection of the law impelling to sublimer virtues ; perfection of the sacraments which, from indicate signs, became operative signs, multiplying grace in their action ; perfection of the priesthood marked with a more godly character, invested with nobler functions, permeated with broader and stronger authority, and endowed with immortal life ; perfection of expansion, crossing the limits of one nation to include the whole world ; perfection of duration, passing from a determinate time to perpetuity; all these perfections crowned and confirmed by a more copious effusion and a deeper penetration of the Holy Spirit. And in this, particularly, iB the definitive work of Christ distinct from its preparation. The Holy Ghost iB the soul of the Church, and hence, in the Apostles' Creed, after saying ' I believo in the Holy Ghost,' we immediately add, ' I believe in the Holy Catholic Church.' The soul and the body are inseparable. Throughout the long ages of preparatory evolutions, the Spirit of God gave Himself in a measured and secret manner. But when the hour of perfection came, He showed Himself, lavished Himself, filled souls to the brim, and wrought countless marveb. Look at the day of Pentecost. The Apostles, who were the first elements of the Christian society so elaborately prepared by our Saviour, were all together in prayerful expectation of the fulfil ment of their Lord's promises. Suddenly a mighty sound was heard, like that of a strong wind, and tongues of fire fell from Heaven upon them. It was the soul of the Church laying hold of the body, the Holy Ghost consummating the work of Chiist. Hi3 all-powerful operation caused in an instant the ignorant to grow learned and elo quent, the timid brave as lions, the ungrateful ready to sacrifice themselves unto death. Nor did the immensity of the world Bhake their daring ; they planned with sublime serenity its universal conquest. The new Church was created ; the new Church was living and complete. THE SMALL GROUP IN THE UPPER CHAMBER. You marvel, and you naturally ask whether that little band of Apostles and disciples in the upper chamber was verily a work at all points worthy of Christ. Endowed as He was with infinite power, ought He not have eiven to His incipient work vaster proportions, the better to impress the world with awe at His Divine author ity? . Undeceive yourselves. Christ foresaw that wicked men would one day contest His work. Had He made it of grander and more im posing aspect in the outset, they would have attributed it, with a semblance of reason, to the power of a merely human prestige. But, reduced to such lowly proportions and elements so feeble, it amazed, it confounded, by its rapid progress, the sacrilegious denial of its Divine origin. What! The Church man's work! That cannot hold good for a moment before the lightning success of those twelve men, poor, unlettered, weak, and unpopular, who conquered the world in the name of Christ the Redeemer, and whose sons it is our proudest boast to be. Yes, history, followed step by step up to the Apostles, proclaims that the grand and splendid assembly of men now covering the whole world, and enjoying the thousand benefits of the Redemption, is the expansion of the small group in the upper cham ber, quickened by the Holy Ghost, the world- wide Church of Christ. THE CHURCH THE WORK OF CHRIST. Do you wish to learn its nature and attributes? Start from this principle : the Church, being the work of Christ, was made to His image and likeness. Now, in the Inearnate Word, we have the invisible and the visible : a world of grandeur and perfection full ,of mysteries beyond human ken, and a living flesh manifesting itself to our senses and revealing, by its acts, the principle which vivifies it. So also in the Church. The invisible is her soul, the society of the just, the vast and mysterious capacity of which lies beyond our measurement; the visible is her body, the exter nal society whose members, ostensibly united in the profession of the same faith and the reception of the same sacraments, reveal the principle which gives them supernatural life. Again, there reigns in the person of the Incarnate Word a wonderful order of all its elements, a perfect subordination of tke apparent to the hidden, of the little to the great, of what must obey to what must command. So in the Church everythinorjhas its proper order and place ; everything holds together in a complete depen d9nce on Christ invisible, and this dependence shows itself by the harmonious motions in every direction, from the top of the hierarchy whenc9 the commands come down to the lowliest of the faithful, and from the lowliest of the faithful whence obedience rises to the top of the hierarchy. Lastly, in the Incarnate Word there is the constant interpenetration of the human and the Divine. Not only is His hallowed soul bathed in the splendours of the Divinity whica communi cates to Him unequilled perfection, but also His sacred flesh serves as the instrument for the operations -of omnipotence, by which the Divinity manifests itself, and for the acts which receive therefrom an infinite merit. So in the Church : the work of Christ and human in her elements, she is constantly pervaded by the Divine virtue of Christ by whom she is animated. For, bear in mind that Christ is not like those marely human Creators who first stamp their work with their genius, and then give it up to its fate. Christ, the Creator of the Church, remains united to His work with a union so close aud profound, that the Apostle has likened it to the union of the head and members in our body. 'Christ is the head of the Church; we are the members of his body.' (Eph. v., 23-31.) All vitality, all motion, all direction Btarts in our body from the head ; so in the Church all vitality, motion, and direction start from Jesu3 Chrisc. Nob only does He create the holiness of her soul and manifest it by miracles, but, what is the greatest of prodigies, He creates the indefectible unity of her body. ' Christ,' says the Apostle, ' ia the head of the Church and the Saviour of His body.' (Eph. v., 23-31.). PROPHET, PRIEST AND KING. The Church is one with Christ. She is His spouse, His mystic body. Through her, therefore, He is always visible, always speaking, always acting in the world. She is, so to speak, His prolongation through time and space. Christ is a Prophet, a Priest, and a King. A. Prophet to fortell supernatural events, and to teach supernatural truths until the end of time. A Priest to offer the Sacrifice of Redemp1 ion on Mount Calvary, and to perpetuate that self-same sacrifice in the Eucharist unto tho end of the., world. A King of a spiritual and supernatural . Kingdom vaat as the world, in which He rules 1 and guides HiB subjects and members unto ever lasting life. CHRIST'S INFALLIBILITY IN HIS CHURCH. Now, His threefold functions of P ophot, Priest, and King He discharges by means of His mystic ; body, the Church. A teacher ami revealer of supernatural truth. He completed the ci cle of all the revealed truths which a wise and merciful God vouchsafed to commuuicate to mankind; and that whole body of truth, that sacre I deposit, He imparted to His Chureh to teach, to expound, and defend until His second coming. Accordingly H© gave her His Infallibility in the matter of faith and morals, or in what man muse believe and do to attain salvation — passive infallibility in the Church at large, the Church taught ; active infallibility in the Church teaching, the body of Pastors and Bishops, in which must be included the Chief Pastor of all. Hence the whole Church, or the universal Church, is infallible in the belief and the profession of faith, so toat it cannot happen' that all the faithful should ever believe or profess a doctrine contrary to faith. Hence the body of Bishops, including the Pope, either in council assembled, or dispersed throughout the : world, is infallible in teaching. Hence the Pope, or Roman Pontiff, speaking ex cathedra, is infallible in teaching— not science, not politics— but within the sphere of infallibility, namely, in the doctrine of faith and morals. Hence active infallibility, or infallibility in teaching only,' can be defined, ' a spec al providence or assist. anca of God by which the Church yr» teaching and defining is preserved from erro:i'''*V Christ, therefore, gave Infallibility to J!^a' Church. But — still greater gift — He gave ;hV^~' Indefectibility. Not only will Bhe never err in t'ii''^ domain of faith and morals, but she will continu/10,7 always I© the end of the world, and as long' a'/'^ she exists she cmnot err. She is indefectible i and she claims this property in the solemn and re iterated promises of Christ her Head. - He pro mised that the gates of Hell should not prevail against her; that He would be with her all days even to the consummation of the world. (Matt, xvi.-xviii.). Hence her failing would make void His promises. The gates of Hell would prevail, and Christ would cease to be with her. More over, the present state of the Church, after h^r marvellous career of so many ages, is an incon- ' trovertible argument against the fact of her defection. 'The Church,' says Sfc. Augustine, 'will not be eonquered, nor eradicated, nor will she yield to any temptation or trial until the end of the world.' : The arguments proving her Indefectibility are equally cogent to establish her Infallibility. But others also abound in the Old and in the New Testament. la the old Testament, Isaias pro claims the joyful flourishing of Christ's Kingdom, and that His Church shall be a holy and secure way. In the New Testament, we have the grand commiasion given by Christ to the Apostles: : 'Going, therefore, teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe ail things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world.' (Matt, xxxiii., 19, 20). ' I will ask the Father, and He shall give you another Paraclete that He may abide with you for ever.' (John xiv., 16.) And again: ' But the Paraclete, the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will sand in my name. He will teach you ; all things, and bring all things to your mind whatsoever I have said to you.' (Ibid. v. 26.) The Infallibility is a mighty and awful gift, bub necessary to meet and overcome a gigantic evil, the lapse of mankind into error, the total loss of revealed truth, the extinction of the supernatural in the minds and souls of men. Consider for a moment the number and nature of the Christian dogmas; consider the catholicity of the Church; consider the infirmity and malice of men ; con sider the universal solvent of truth, man's proud, ? restless, and perverted intellect; consider men's proclivities to sects and divisions; consider all , this, and you will readily admit the wisdom and necessity of this special providence and assistance , » of God called Infallibility. THE DIVINE PRIEST. Christ is a Priest, and He impacted His priest hood to His Church. Declaring Himself a High. Priest according to the order of Meichisedech, He offered the sacrifice of His body and blood under the appearances of bread and wine, and imme diately distributed them to His Apostles, con stituting them and their successors His ministers to continue to offer up the same sacrifice unto the consummation of the world, by saying, Do this in remembrance of Me. . The Mass is therefore the continuation of the Sacrifice of the Cross; the two sacrifices being substantially identic, though in accidentals different. And by thia perpetual Sacrifice of the Mass Christ left to His Church the most perfect possible worship, by which the four indispensable duties incumbent on man towards God as our Sovereign, our Bene factor, our Judge, and our Supreme Good, are moss perfectly discharged, namely, adoration, thanksgiving, propitiation, and prayer— a worship which rejoices the Blessed in Heaven, and gives the greatest relief to the souls in Purgatory— a worship which exists in the threefold purpose of being a sacrament, a food, and a sacrifice. ' ' ??'??-: ? ? 'f- Again, Christ as a Priest forgave sin. He ie the ?' Lain b that taleth away the sins of the world.' That power of forgiving sin He also left to His i Church in the person of His priests who, in the i Sacrament of Order, receive from Him the power ?which, after His Resurrection, He gave to His Apostles, saying : 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sinB you shall forgive, they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained.' Finally, Christ, as a Priests, gave to His Church His Sanctity with the power to create, increase, and propagate it in His members by the seven channels of His sacraments, by His perfect Jaw or standard of life, and by His Divine ex ample. Through Christ the Church is holy in her Author, holy in her constitution, holy in her end, holy in her means, holy in her Head; and that holiness is made manifest, as a note or mark of the true Church, in the worship and exemplary lives and eminent heroic virtues of her children and her saints, and by the miracles and other Divine tekena of the ever-present Spirit working in her and her members. Christ is a King, and the Church is His King dom, in which He reigns and rules through, space and time by her Unity, Catholicity, and Aposto licity. While Bhe has unity of faith by all her members professing the same doctrine, and unity of worship by their communion or participation in the same sacraments, riteB, and sacrifice, she has unity of government, because all Catholics hold the Supremacy of the Roman Pontiff, the Vicar of Christ, as a dogma of faith, receive with reverence and obedience all his commands and laws, and are subject to his authority as one supreme head and centre of unity. CATHOLIC AND APOSTOLIC. Christ also wished His Church to be Catholic or universal. Catholic as to place : He said to His Apostles, ' Go ye into the whole world and preach the Gospel to every creature.' Catholic aa to time : 'Behold I am with you all days even to the consummation of the world.' Catholic as to doctrine : ' Going, therefore, teach ye all nations .... teaching them to oba-Tve all things whatsoever I have commanded you.' Thus ate verified the angelic words spoken of our Saviour at the time of His Incarnation: ' He shall reign in the house of Jacob for ever, and of His King dom there shall be no end.' Thus the parable of the mustard seed is applied : ' The Kingdom of God is like a grain of mustard seed which a man tofjk and case into his garden, and it grew and 1 «iame a great tree, and the birds of the air r; gifjred in the branches thereof.' Hence the . — iVjpJyr St. Ignatius could aptly eay, 'Where fc-i(::-jfist is, there ia the Catholic Church.' Catholic yi'-gber incommunicable name, attached to her from ??'.-*$ first, in vain attempted, never stolen from her by her rivals. Finally, Christ made the Church Apostolic, be cause, she has her origin and her doctrine from Him through. His Apostles, and because she has the succession of her pastors uninterrupted from them to our day. She is apostolic in her origin, for, according to all, she is the Church of the first ages which was undoubtedly apostolic. Apostolio is her doctrine, for it has not changed down to our time, and her adversaries cannot prove that it has. Development it has had, noble, gradual, extensive, majestic, but no change in substance or identity. Apostolic as to succes sion, because she has the succession, of Orders, as all admit who acknowledge the Sacrament and the power of Orders ; for, if they deny this suc cession, they cannot regard their own Orders as valid, since they received them from no other than, the Catholic Ohurch. Lastly, she has the succession of jurisdiction, for she has never fallen away from the Church founded by the Apostles. There i- no f»ct in history more certain than the succession of Pontiffs from St. Peter to Leo XIII. She has, therefore, the three conditions required for Apostoiicity. She holds and teaches the doctrine of the Apostles j she has her Orders from the Apostles aud her mission. Her doctrine ia Apostolic, as s evident from the Creeds of of Faith, the Sacrameat3, and th« Sacrifice of the Mass. Her Orders are Apostolic, because they have come down in aa unbroken succession of Bishops and Pastors from St. Peter, to whom Our Lord committed the care of His faithful, to the present Sovereign Pontiff, and the Bishop* ol the Catholic Church throughout the world. Her mission is from th-- Apostles, because shf alon« ia governed by the lawful successors of the Apostles and has thair doctrine. Now contrasi the true Church, the body and bride of Christ with the multitudious pretenders around het HAS ANY OTHER CHURCH HER MARKS ? Look at those hundreds of contradictors denominations which swarm ia the British Empire and in some other parts of the globe Have they any of the marks of the true Church Unity, Sanctity, Catholicity, and Apostolicity i Surely not. They have no Unity. The Greek schism is split into a dozen independent sect: without any authority to judge in matters o: doctrine and discipline. In Russia they are (settled by the will of the Czar, in the Musselman states by the Turkish Government. Protestant iem, in all its branches* from its origin, teems with conflicting sects ever on the rapid increase Its main principle, private judgment, the Bible \- interpreted by private opinion, is tbe source of variations, divisions, and utter anarchy. ' The devil is amongst us,' said Luther, ' and soon 'we shall have as many religions as heads.' And this anarchy is the fountain head and great force of modern infidelity and agnosticism. Look not for (Sanctify in those separate sects I speak not of individuals, but of systems. The authors of the Greek schism, Photius in the ninth century, and Michael Cerularius in the eleventh, had no motive for their separation but blind ambition and lust of power. The leaders and founders of Protestantism : Luther Calvin, Zwinglius, &c; , were notorious for their vices. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live in a state of pitiful abjection and contempt; they receive little or no consideration or respect from the people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teaching. Among Protestants the most, effectual means of sanctification have disappeared : abstinence, fasting, mortification, confession, communion, &c;, &c.; Both the Greek rchism and Protestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true civilization. The firat has brought despotism upon the East, the second covered Europe with blood and ruins in tbe sixteenth century, and has ever since been the helper aud instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the home, it polluted tbe nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of woman hood, it devastated the school, and stopped the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them. No examples of heroic virtues, no eaints in their ranks at all comparable to the martyrs and missionaries of the Catholic Church; and they have never been able to obtain the tanction of a mir,acle for their work and their doctrine. That they have no Catholicity is glaringly evident. The Greek Church is confined to a part of the East chiefly, Greece, Russia, and Turkey; and Protestants are circumscribed within deter minate limits, Lutherans in Germany, Calvinists in Geneva and France, Anglicans in English possessions. All are national and none Catholic. Neither have they Apostolicity. They are separated from the Pope, who is the heir of St. Peter the chief of the Apostles ; they have a purely human and in no sense an Apostolic origin. Their ministers have no lawful mission and they cannot say that they have been sent by Jesus Christ to teach and baptize all nations. HOW RADIANT THE BRIDE OF CHRIST. But oh ! how different is the true Bride of Christ* how beautiful, how pure, how stately and majes tic in her Beamless garment of unity, her Bnowy jewelled vesture of sanctity, her imperial mantle of Catholicity, and her long flowing robe of Apostolicity ! How glorious her divinely-guided progress through the chequered course of ages, as Bhe advances through the wide world, leaning on her beloved, the very God incarnate, victorious over a thousand foes, fair as the morn, bright as the sun, terrible as an army in battle array, yec withal gentle and kind and meek like the mercy of God, which she bears, while she pours from her maternal lap upon, the sons of men, hunger ing for the bread of trutsh and grace, benefits innumerable for this world and the next. Be hold and admire the various and noble train of her worohippors. She presents herself sur rounded with the most splendid throng that ever attended on majesty. Interrogate that crowd innumerable, and heaiken to their unanimous anawerB. Generations without number, who are you? We are the Nations; from east to west, from pole to pole, we are united through her in th« same fait h and cons* quently in the same pro fession, and so we hail her as the Holy Catholic Church, the glorious work of the Incarnate God. SAINTS, SCHOLARS, AND HEROES. ? ; Mighty shades, who are you P We are Ages, the nineteen centuries which have rolled since Christ walked this earth. From one to another, with voices which none can silence, we pass our un broken testimony, and we say we believe in the one Holy Catholic Apostolic Church, the unique work of Christ. Illustrious men of every clime under the sun, who are you? We are Study, Science, Genius. We have watnhed and prayed, we have paled on books, consulted monuments, exerted the fullest powers of our reason, and wo have been compelled by evidence to acknowledge the triumphant claims of the Holy Catholic Church, the everlasting creation of the God-man. And ye whose brow the brightest halo encircles, who are you? We are the army of the saints; to her we owe our virtues which perfume the stream of time, we hail the Holy Catholic Church our mother and our queen. And ye immense crowd of mangled and bleeding frames, who are you ? We are the martyrs. The world sunk in sense and ain was deaf to our words, and blind to our virtues, so we spoke with our blood, and our blood confronts tho world with the sublime profession, we believe m the Holy Catholic Church, the mother of heroes and the queen of martyrs. On such a day as this, in the presence of such a pageant, we gladly join that exultant throng of . worshippers, and with the Nations, the Ages, ' with Genius, Sanctity, and Heroism, we proclaim. wiiiii an our vuiub ttiiu jieitri;, uur unuying laiiain the Holy Catholic Church. Our pride and our . joy shall ever be to serve her, to love her, and through her to love and serve Him who made her, ' and in her lives and reigns as in His own Bride and body, manifesting His Kingdom, which shall have no end, His incomparable creation, the moat splendid and irresistible demonstration of His ' Divinity. . THE RECORD OF THE CLOSING CENTURY. 5 Privileged children of this Catholic Church, z and standing on the threshold of the twentieth century, we may appropriately take a retrospect f of the outgoing nineteenth century. All thinkers unanimously uegard the nineteenth century as making, more than any of its predecessors, the commencement and progress of a gr. at evolution ' of the human race. Within its compass, from 1800 to 1900, man has conquered the earth, ' explored it, studied it, taken an inventory of all c its contents. He holds this realm as the king of creation, converting all things to his service, use, and comfort. Marvellous his progress in the j physical and natural sciences — annihilating space, uniting nations, inventing wonderful machinery able to supplant or indefinitely multiply human ( labour. We rejoice in every scientific discovery * as a hymn to the God of Nature e But in the economical, political, and pocial e scale, how does the nineteenth-ceutury man fare? a Here a gloomy picure rises to view. Th© groans e we hear from aged Europe, the limitless artna r- ments, the expensive and exhaustive wars, the r sway of brute force over right, the gigantic y struggle brewing between the upper and the d lower classes of society — all these are clear proofs . that, after many promises and many delusions, .£ we are very far from the Golden Age, the social ,r reign of peace and happiness, ;s In a moral and religiouB point of view the nineteenth century opened most disastrously. The frenzied, corrupt, and error- ridden spirit of the eighteenth century Philosophism swept away morality and religion, which are the safeguards of civil society, and ushered in the nineteenth century with a fearful disaster. The French Revolution, violent, bloody, terrible, overturned the entire social structure, and brought the Catholic Church in France to such a state of ruin and desolation that her enemies, drunk with the joy of triumph, flattered themselves that her end was come. But God's action came prompt and decisive. Urged by a mysterious hand, the victorious soldier, Bonaparte, hurried on from Egypt, overthrew the sanguinary republic, seized the reins of government, and, Feeing by an insight of genius that without religion society relapses into savagery, re-opened the churches, recalled the clergy, and re-established the Church on terms admissible by the Sovereign Pontiff. Thus opened the nineteenth century. From the jaws of a revolution, the most fearful in history, Christ drew His Church unscathed, robust, and purified by the fire of persecution. CATHOLIC STRUGGLES AND VICTORIES. Many have been her straggles during the century all over -the globe ; but many, too, her victories, many the events which have consoled her children in their dire conflict with the world, tho flesh, and the devil. We may instance the Emancipation of the Catholics throughout the British Empire, brought about by the genius and eloquence of the immortal Liberator, Daniel O'Connell; the glorious reign of Pius IX.; the re-establishment of the Hierarchy in England; the Oxford movement and its harvest of illus trious converts, the Mannings, the Newmans, the Fabers; the definition of the Immacu late Conception, and the great spread of devotion towards the Blessed Virgin Mother of God, which have merited for this century the same of the ' Age of Mary ;' the Vatican Council and its proclamation of Papal Infallibility; the triumph of the Catholic Church in Germany over the State despotism, called by Bad irony a fight for civili sation, Kuiturkumpf; the wonderful and yet present Pontificate of Leo XIII., a truly provi dential man. ms eagle eye nas measurea tne character of our age thoroughly, its good and its evil, its weakness, its faults, its aspirations, itB needs, its praiseworthy instincts; and then has condensed the action of his Pontificate into one grand harmonious synthesis : to turn all to the service and glory of God by enlightening alike the ruler and the Bubject ; to remove prejudice and Beated rancour against Religion and the Papacy ; to treat in accordance with the soundest principles of philosophy and theology the intri cate questions bearing on the Church and human society ; to paternally recall the scattered nooks of WeBt and East to -the old sheepfold; to unite without confusion leason and faith, science and revelation, the interests of time ana and those of eternity. He stands out like a lighthouse over our storm-beaten age, the am bassador of a higher power, the representative of a greater moral force, the chief teacher pointing out to a world enshrouded in darkness the lumi nous path of true progress and civilization. Will the world listen to (great Leo's voice P Will it accept his unerring guidance and paternal coun sel ? Or will it Bpurn the guide and rush head long into the abyss ? Time will tall. HOW THE CHURCH FACES THE NEW CENTURY. Meanwhile, what are the Church's hopes and fears for the century before us ? Besides the widespread perversion of minds caused by the numerous theories of Rationalism, besides the systematic war waged in several countries against the Church, God's representative on earth, she has to contend with the materialistic tendency of the day. The great discoveries of modern times, the absorbing interests of industries and com merce, the craving for wealth and the pleasures of life, the feverish rivalry of nations, have diverted man from God, the soul, religion, and the immortal destinies beyond the grave. Hence swarms of sceptics and indifferentists. Add to this the havoc wrought by an ubiquitous, unbridled, fascinating, and corrupt press, inciting to crime, corrosive of every idea of virtue, justice, rever ence, and morality. Then calculate the oppo sition raised against the Church from heresy and schism and all the means at their disposal. Under the aegis of powerful nations and furnished with copious supplies, these two forces will, inch by inch, and on every spot of the globe, dispute with her the conquest of souls. Lastly, she will have to contend with inveterate prejudice and violent passions, and, perhaps, ere the twen tieth century is over, she will have to undergo a struggle cruel, decisive, supreme, not with her enemies severally, but with all of them banded together under the standard of un belief and atheism ; for, as the shades of belief are gradually eliminated, men will witness the logical and inevitable formation of two distinct camps — Catholicism and Atheism. Great as are these perils, the Church haa adequate power from her Divine Founder to meet and overcome them. In view of her splendid unity and her revived vigour, we are not dismayed at her imminent dangers. No doubt the timeg are extraordinary and momentous. Profound social and political changes are at out doors. But the Church with her unchanging dogmas — which are her chief strength — knows how to accommo date her forces to all circumstances of time and place, because Her Founder made her for every time and place. She spoke Greek in Athens, and Latin in Rome. She taught Goth and Vandal, Celt and Saxon— she civilized Europe. She is tbe salt of the earth and the light of the world, and she alone can and will preserve the world from, falling into a second barbarism worse than the first. THE BRIGHT CATHOLIC IN THIS COUNTRY. In thiB coutatry, at all events, her prospects are bright while her progress has been -wonderful. What a contrast between the present state and her lowly, almost helpless condition at the begin ning of the century ! All honour to the founders of this flourishing Australian Church. All honour to the noble Archbishop who towards the middle of the century ruled the comparatively small flock. All honour to the devoted priests of those days, whose names are Btall ao familiar and so revered, the untiring missioners, the men of arduous toil and travel. They planted the mustard seed j we behold the mighty, majestic, fruitful tree. They loved this bright Austral land, they had great hopes in her future, and among a thousand other proofs thia day's pageant shows that their hopes have not been vain. She rose before their minfd's eye a fair queen crowned alike with the gifts of nature and the higher gifts of grace. You are realising their fond vision. YOU HAVE REARED THIS SPLENDID EDIFICE FOR GOOD. I venture, in conclusion, to congratulate you, my Lord Cardinal, on the achievement of the great object for which you and your predecessor have worked so hard aud so well. I congratulate your excellent and devoted clergy— secular and regular — who have so nobly co-operated with their illustrious leader. But how Bhall I congratulate in adequate terms the happy Catholios of Sydney and the whole archdiocese ? Great indeed is the work you have done, and great accordingly your joy and pride at its success, and greater still will be your reward. The rich with their wealth, the poor with their hard-earned wages, the widow with her mite, you have reared this splendid edifice for God, for yourselves, for your children, ana many generations yet unborn. All honour to your faith and devotion! All hononr, too, to those many generouB and liberal persons of other denominations who have helped to erect this im posing monument, and I assure them that God will bless them a hundredfold for contributing to build this house of prayer, this temple where Jesus Christ will be adored and praised, His doctrine taught, His sacraments administered, and the principles of His civilization preserved and inculcated. In their inmost hearts they respect the Catholio Church, and, if her creden tials are fairly set before them, they will leara to embrace and love her who was the life and glory of Ed gland for over a thousand years* I hail thee, oh young and flourishing Church of Australia— so fitly represented by this stately pile, grand, fresh, and new from the builder'a hand. I hail thee as the earnest and warrant Of countless blessings for the future children of men. And. I hope that, in God's mercy, thou wilt long enjoy the leadership of the great Cardinal who now guides thy destiny, and that thy march will be from victory to victory until thy 0nal triumph *a consummated in the land of the living, in the bright realms of eternal bliss. 