L _ BOOKS.AWL MAGAZINES. | "¿«""Ordered Southe' by'Mrs. C. N. WlHlam soh iGeorge Routledge and Sons).-When .1 book is starillugly bound In khaki and red, and bears the significant title of Mrs. C. N. Williamson's latest, the prospective reader naturally supposes that he'is about to learn something about the present war in Souih Africa. If so he will be wofully disappoint- ed. The hero certainly docs go to South Africa to fight the Boers, but ho comes buck almost immediately with a d<îngcroiici wound, and even the manner of his receiving it is left untold except for a slight story of hero- ism only lo bo expected from the wounded man after all. For the re*l the iicwl is about on a lovel with " A Woman in Grey," " Fortune's 'Sport," and the rest of the books which are such a sad contrast to the same author's " The Barnstormers." For those who delight in sensational 'fiction set in a background of London fashionable so- ciety, the book is enjoyable enough. The plot is decidedly Ingenious, with Its idea of making a pretty aristocrat unscrupulous enough to commit murder, and to carry out her plans to that end with all the callous- ness of the hardened criminal. Once Mrs. Williamson has her readers Interested, she seldom loses her grip until the last page is reached, and though one may scorn the idea of being fascinated by the thrills of a shil- ling shocker, still one is fain to admit that the pulse beats faster, and the pages are turned more quickly as the plot thickens, and the adventuress practises her schemes against the 'hero and his nurse who plays heroine, while the hardened reader of the species will find in " Ordered South" some- thing that will tickle his jaded palate to a pleasurable sense of excitement. " The War to Date," by II. Soaife (T. Fisher Unwin).-The only fault "that can possibly be lound with "Mr. Sculfe's Jccel lently-writlen book is that it is out of date. The exigencies of printing and publication have intervened since he wrote 'the last lines, and he only takcs-hls reader up to the siege of Ladysmith, the raising of which, with .a description of the universal enthu- siasm which followed being the subjects of the Huai chapters. The first seven are occupied with Boer history from the time of the great trek In 18SÜ to the present day, the records of the Orange Free State and the South African Republic, a short study of /' the Boers as they were and are," and of their autocrat, Oom Paul, and so on. The remainder of the volume is taken up with the story of the war from the first opera- tions in Natal to tbe national rejoicings over General Buller's great achievement, with appendices giving a most useful and com- plete diary of the campaign from lllh Oc- tober, 1899. to 1st March, 1900, some" bio graphical notes on British and Boer officers, and a list of British officers killed and wounded and missing up to the same date. In a modest pieface, the auHior confesses that no attempt has been made'to do moie «than portray in outline the main characters and events figuring on the stage of Boor politics. Mr. Scalfe, is an old war cor- respondent, and 'his training in that branch of'journalism has taught bim what subjects ,,most please the man In the street. For that pevsbnage he has written .' his book, and taken only for what it purports'to be, it must lie acknowledged that the work has been done.thoroughly, while ¡is result makes most acceptable reading. , ¡ " The Boer States," by A. H. Keane (Me- thuen and Co.; through Gordon and Gotch). -In tbese days of ephemeral productions devoted to the consideration, prejudiced .by patriotism or not as tile case may be, of the Boer'campaigns, it is a comfort.ttj.rcad siujh. a/clear,'-"interesting, and selent/fit^ orí« ffci* -Mr.'Reone's volume, writteii-nö6|nsja íusflíl live work; to catch the passing^ fa,ncy, rUitr* as a permanent record of the salient'aspects of the land and people. It has abundantly achieved. Its object. Those who aro, though loyal to the backbone, somewhat tned of the ever-recurring history of the war, will bo. glad to. pick up this excellent book, which, in the brief space occupied by history, only cariies- ,lts reader as far ' as the ultimatum.. Instead we are given the physical characteristics , of ,the .countrj-, Pits climate. rauhá, and flora a few facts^about thc«ethnology',of tho abori- gines, the "Bantus, tlíe Basilios, and so on (which forms one of the most faacinnting portions of the volume), &c;, rather exhaus- tive study of Boer character and tempera- ment, their íacial beginnings, their national development, finishing with a summary of their rights and wrongs. As becomes a . really scientific work, it is not in any way biased, the argumouw pro and con being carefully weighed wherever occasion for such deliberation arises.' The student of politics and" économies Will Und in its pages njitóji lighting of ways that have hitherto TÍireif dal le and mysterious; the lover of early his- tory will be charmed with the account of the early Inhabitants, and the general reader will have a work of reference which should live on his shelves long after the majority of books on the subject have passed into oblivion. "The Boer in Peace and War,'1 by Arthur M. Mann (John Long).-Mr. Mann, in his little paper-covered bool«-, has' stilven with no small measure of success to give the lighter side of the study of Boer charac- ter. There is absolutely nothing in the book of value to anyone desirous of gaining serious insight into the temperament of the residents of the Transvaal Pleasant little saul ¡cal remarks, a number of good stories, and a small, very small, amount of informa- tion is the sum total contuined lu the hun- dred pages of the volume But it is agiee able reading, humorous in Its way, and ac- ceptable enough to wile away the tedium of'a time in which there is nothing to do. Mr. Manu may be congratulated upon setting forth the amusing aspect of a subject which in its more serious form is attracting the attention of the whole world at present. " Macaulay's Essay on Clive," by John Downie (Blackle and Son).-Purely scho- lastic in character, Mr. Downie's analysis and annotations of Macaulay's Esays are becoming quite a feature of Biackle's educa- tional series. He always, in this and lu other volumes, treats his subject with the utmost completeness. In the present book he "begins wlth'ja 'life of the great« English writer, a criticism of the essay, and a study of its style, includos'a synopsls,«a Chrono-> logical table, and. a bibliography, some fifty pages of the inevitable notes, and con- cludes with a reprint of Olive's letter to Pitt,and bis famous speech in the House' Commons. In short, should any form master desire /to introduce the" Essays to his pupils, he'-cannot do better than "under? take"the bask with this and its kindred books. " Brain and iBody,".by Dr. Andrew,Wilson (James Bowden),-Anybody who has read and 'enjoyed Dr. Wilson's " Light Side of Seiepce" will find the same amount of plea- sure In the perusal of this account of the nervous system of social life. 'It Is a book both useful and fascinating. Dr.'Wilson has the,faculty of clothing the driest of scienti- fic facts in tbe most charming of garments, and his treatise on the demands' made on our system by the civilisation of to- day and the way we should meet those demands, and repair our damaged tissues, is so well done that it is eminently suited for the general reader, while the man of a moie scientific , bent will discover In its pages much valu- able information which he will find of the greatest service. " The Century."-The 'May number of this magazine of magazines takes." its , reader half round the world, from' the 'National Zoo at Washington to the island of Jolo, and from Paris to India, to say nothing .of ineonsidered excursions to Klondyke by the all-American route, and to the coast of Florida In search of turtle. The bookman will find pleasure in some fugitive jott'ngs from the notebook of Thomas Bailey Aldrich, and in a description of a literary shrino11 the home of Wordsworth and de Quincey. Papers on " Art in Modern Bridges,"' and Henri Fantin Latour, the lithographer on musical motives, exploit the reairfis_of art ; while history Is provided for "by a 'con- tinuance of John Morley's scholarly bio- graphy of Oliver Cromwell. The fiction io of an unusually high order this month, and the illustrations from cover to Cover are, ,as usual, excellent. " /Jl1''''* . " Kr.^/Nicholas."-Instruction and amuse meilï are alio'ut equally'divided in the»1 cur- rent; nùni'bèr of this prince,among children's, magazines.'' Unfortunaljcljj,' for the coming' generation.in Australia, however, the teach- ing' -ti-' 'designed for American lads and lasses, though much Information may doubt- less be gleaned for youngsters on this 6ide. There are, besides, many good stories ___ . ?.."" s? i short for ' prelereiv*-. ; while illustrations /j 1 and verse abouui'. as Is customary. The , _-| usual dt>partme*.L3 of which " St.. Nicholas" .'$ makes such u leature are well filled With 'f good material. ' IÎ. " Mirry Ann." by Norma Lorimer (Me- , thuen and Co.. 'through Gordon and Gotch). " ( < -In her latest novel Miss Lorimer has caught the Manx character as few besides, except Hall Caine, have done. In fact, It is hard to avoid contrast and comparison with the more- popular, though no more deserving, novelist while reading " Mirry Ann." But tho latter has a charm all its own, evolved from the tender womanly sympathy and tho true artistic merit of tho romance. The creation of " Mirry Ann," a girl who boast- ed on the one side high breeding, though but the child of u Manx fisher girl, is full of grace and beauty, perhaps a little too godly, too ethereal tor her surroundings, but still a woman at heart, worm nature, loving aud generous, who finds her mission in uplifting her fellow-villagers above tho sordldness of their existence. Her' life 1« one long struggle of duty against inclina- tion, and in every trial and tribulation the former always prevails. Her character stands out from the remainder of ttfe drama- tis personne not exactly to their detriment, but certainly to their overshadowing. And yet the rest of the mea and women aro clever sketches of types from the proud haughtiness of the dead squire's daughter to Lance Quine, the old maid of tho vil- lage, and from Dick Schofield, Mirry Ann's favoured lover, to Ned Guwne, the grandfather of the heroine. 'In short, wnether for its dramatic completeness, its delicacy of conception, or its truthfulness of character, " Mirry Ann" is a book that is one of the distinct successes of this year's fiction. " Marvels and Mysteries," by Richard Marsh (Methuen and Co : through Gordon and Gotch).-Readers of light literature who dote on 'thrills will ifind of .material to excite thom enough and to spare in Richard Marsh's collection of short stories. He is, as all who have read " The Beetle" can testify, a past master In the art of pro- ducing creepy 'sensations down the spine, and uncomfortable feelings in the scalp. And In his jajest he has used his faculties for portraying the gruesome to the greatest advantage. A*criminal lunatic with a pas- sion for_ blood and a t'hort gasping bark, a cataleptic who saves himself from a " living death" by bursting open a screwed down coffin, a murderer -haunted by his own ghost, and a precocious child who acts her part so well that she hangs her father for her mother's suicide-euch is the bill of fare that Mr. iMarah confidently sets down before his realers. But the vein of humour, lln lile r."mr«r,amn>« whlnh 4mTM>11 lities" is evident again in four or five of the stories, wherein hypnotism, that science which has Ibeen such a godsend to the , sensational novelists of the lost decade, pl&ys; a prominent part. He gives us an amusing account of a dowai- trodden husband who pretends to die and practises veutrilo qualisin to bring bis .bullying wife to renison, he tells -us of the absurd antics a mesmerist imade a respectable memiber of society play ia a crowded table d'hote for the sake ot' advertisament, and he relates au absurd in- cident where a girl marries a mau under j . hypnotic influence, and is ordered about Incontinently by every one who possesses the imeameric power. " Marvels and \ Mysteries", is pre-eminently a .book for nuy f one who is willing to laug!» or to shiver by turns, and find enjoyment therein. " The Green Flag," by Conan Doyle (George Bell and Sons : through George Robertson .and Co.).-Every one of the stories in Conán Doyle's excellent collection , "has appeared iii some magazine or other, but ' Ihey are one" and all well worth reading again. The author is a man who endeared himself to fiction lovers, once for his creation of Sherlock Holmes, and again for 'his " White 'Company," and books of a kindred nature. In " The Green Flag" he has only, included stories of war and sport, a limitation which at any rate has the merit of leaving the reader unperplexed by.inconsistency" of basis. And some of his best-loved themes appear again in different bùt"-*jU8t-'as. ¡pleasing guise. Of all the stones, " The *Croxley Master," recalling " Rodney Stone," is the one best calculated to make the blood tingle, the pulses beat, and the muscles tighten with the mere ani- mal gratification of a prize fight, where amateur meets professional, and, spurred/by - the desire to win money that will enable him to pursue hie medical course, floors the heavier., more practised man, after a match described with all the wealth of colour wthich made " Rodney Stone" so exhilarat- ing. Then, again, wè have a sketch o; two of the old rearing 'buccaneer days, with that consummate* villain Captain Sharkey as the central figure, an exploit of Brigadier Gerard, some dates suggested by the author's sojourn In Egypt, all referring to war and " Gippies," and one or two reminiscences of the Franco-Prussian war. " The Green Flag" is one of the most enjoyable collec- tions (in its class) of short stories that has been published for mamy a long day, and i will servo as one of the best examples of its author in those many phases we have learnt to know. " Nemo," by Theo. Douglas (George Bell and Sons : through George Robertson and Co.).-Rather a ghastly plot of hypnotic in- fluence forms the subject of Miss Douglas's novel. Bannerman, who is a travelling con- jurer, possesses complete " control" over his daughter Mary, an excellent " medium" in the cant phrase of the cult. He is not con- tent . to remain . at the ordinary stoppiug place of thought-reading, and so on, and throws himself into the manufacture of an automaton, which he calls Nemo, in whose frame of leather and steel he projects the' vitality of his daughter whenever he shows his masterpiece. Great fame becomes his, and he determines to try his fortune ia Lon- don. But Mary's health is being undermined by the constant drain on her nervous system, aud when they arrive at the town which they call home, her lover plots successfully to destroy the Image, and release Mary.- He chooses, however, the inopportune time when his-fiancee's spirit is at work In the automa- ton, and Mary is nearly killed in conse- quence. An American, who is an authority on the psychic forces, comes to the rescue and saves her, and with the' death of the slightly eccentric father, the burial ot Nemo, and the marriage of the daughter the book comes to the conventional end. It is all so' highly improbable that, well told as the story is, it does not impress at all with the sense of its reality, and the thing which really redeems it from failure is the clever little sketch of provincial population and its concomitant narrow-mindedness and false pride,' forming the background for the set- ting of the melodramatic scenes »of which. Miss Douglas has made a speciality. 