The Ghost in tlie, Cab. T was past midnight ; the city streets were deserted and it was time to go home. So thought cabby No. 11, shiv ering in his rusty overcoat. He had watched the electric light on the corner until its ring of rainbow needles seemed to stab hi3 eyes and the big shadows on the street below it to shake with the.[cold. 'Not a fare this whole p. blasted night !'V he mut tered, reaching down and pulling the blanket from his horse. ' : ' As he did so, he felt the carriage give a great jar on its springs. He turned quickly ; some one 'had flung himself into the seat behind him. . ???'?' What do you wanU??' said the cabby, roughly. There wa3 a pause— then Vvoice came through the darkness, thick and nasty as a gurgle, of black oil : 'Drive me to . Judas Withers's, and in the name of heaven, drive fast !' ' Judas Withers has been dead and his soul with the.devil.tbi3 many a year,'.' answered the cabman, staring behind him.; ' .-I.-.'.-' .- ? ? . v ''.??? '.-??'??' ?'The house still stands, but T have lost *my way. '?' Go on, you fool !' The, figure. reached over, and catching the whip from its place, , gave the' horse [a lash. .-Thelold beast pfntrged forward, banging and. rattling down the street, while the cursing cabman tried to clutch at the reins ; but a hand, chilly and clinging as the belly of a snake, fastened on his wrist, and the thick voice came close to his ear : ? . ?'?Now — will you show me my way?' The driver sank into his place again, while the 'old cab rocked like a ship. On they rushed, past closed stores and lampless blocks of houses, now rip ping' and' wrenching across the. car-, tracks, and now swinging along the deserted roadj oh arid oh, until the. pave ments had been- left behind and thefrost looked back from: the ruts like a million little green eyes. At last came the command, ' Stop ! *I see it now,' and the next instnnt the cab was empty. ' My faie ! ' yelled the cabman, leap ing down. , There * was no answer. He looked about him. It was very dark where he stood, but the waning moon, with its gnawned and crumbled edges, hung on a line with the fir tops. Before he rose a vague blackness, the house of Judas Withers, tenantless but for the old wife; who still clung like some pale lichen to its moldermg stones. Peihaps she, too, was dead. The cabby did not know. He did know, though,' that Judas Withers had' been a miserly carcass, grudging the very skin that hung his bones together. The house stood back from the road and was surrounded by a garden, mow lying gray* and lonesome under the moon. As the cab^y peered toward it, he saw the figure of a man come into the moon shine. It sprang across the open space in soft leaDS. like 'a sreat black' bubble, its every movement full of a dreadful vitality — then it was gone. As the driver^ himself turned to go, he saw a tiny red sparlrflash out from the house before him, and one after the other the windows on the lower floor glowed Ted, as a crawling blotch of sparkles will eat across soot. The man was, there — the man who owed him the money !— and all fear fled but the fear of loss. The cabby tied his horse and went creeping up the. path under cover of the hedges. When he reached the house, he raised himself gently and looked in at one of the win dows. Before him lay an empty room. On the floorr thrown from a window op posite, was a great checkered ^flag of | moonlight— nothing more, nothing but these blue squares in the darkness. Suddenly the cabman ducked -his— head, for he saw .that a man 'jbad'glided. into the room. He carried a candle high above his head, and his great pale face was bloated and loose as a curd..; « The cabman crouched low. A gnat » of wind set the fir-trees whispering, and a shatter slammed far away in the harise. , ' Guess I'll get out of this,' he mut tered, rising. But he did^not go., for , ? the figure that stood in the candle-lig.ht had turned its back to the window and was digging among the bricks, ripping and scratching like a leopard, while his Jong shadow clawed on the ceiling above v him. 'Thef ?' said the cabman, between ( , his teeth, pressing his ear to the broken , panes. 'There is treasure hidden there,, perhaps gold, perhaps ? -' Just then the man inside gave a joyful grunt. He lifted an iron box from the hole he had been digging. ? There was no key in the lock, but at his touch the cover flew open and out poured the contents — blue, green, and gold, like a glittering rush of water broken beneath the sun. The cabby's heart stopped beating. 'Diamonds !' he cried softlv : then he grasped at the window-ledge, for the creature gave a howl of anguish . ' Good God ! they give lio light !'. And the echoes chattered back *' No light ! no light !' There was a long silence. The huddle on the floor rocked to and fro, his face buried in his thin hands. The moon had sunk and the sky was clear as dark glass. A cock crowed somewhere in the east.' At that sound . the wretched figure raised its head. Opposite him was a door with a fan shaped transom over it, and as he looked, it grew gray and then rosy. Some one was coming ; now, even the cabman could hear the light crack of steps. Nearer they came, nearer ; the door opened and a little figure peeped into the room — the light figure of a woman, shriveled and very old. The man by the fire-place sprang up. As the woman's eyes met that ghastly face, she gave«a cry. 'Judas!' she screamed, ' Judas !' Then she tottered and slid in a heap at h'13 feet. He lacked at her, but she only lay there, glibbering ?' What do you want ? What do you' want?' At last he answered her. 'It was black ; it choked me — it was so dark ! oh, so dark ! I have come back for the light toej promised me. They said. I should find'it here — that without it my soul will be blirid-r-blind !. Do you hear me? Help me find'4t ! As you were my wife, help me find it T\ The woman crawled to her knees, her N^_ eyes raised to his, and the terrified cab man, watching through the window, saw that the kerchief folded across her bosom was bright, as if a lamp glowed behind it. The other man saw it, too, and his white claws shot out, burying themselves in her breast. When he bad finished, he held in his stained and dripping bunds the woman's heart: It quivered, like the bruised human thing it was, but the light shining from it never wavered, lighting the hollow of the man's hand and the hollow of the great room ; his face and his loose, white lips smiling widely ; and the pit of his throat, that was black as the gate of hell ; lighting, too, the tumbled, tramp led body and the star-dust of spilled diamonds . He paused an instant — he whose name was -that of the dead — then he *' turned and bounded toward the window. There was a smash of glass, and the cabman felt those smeared fingers at his own neck. ' ' - ? . ' Now take me back where I came from. 'Be quick* or else ? ' He did not finish his threat. The cabby gave a sick gulph, as if his throat was full of paste, then he was dragged over the ground and flung into the seat of his cab. The creature sprang ?*?' after him, grinding him against the v dash-board with its bony knees, where the poor cabby clung, frantic with terror as they fled, 'pounded, flew, 'down the road. . ;v When the cabman opened his eyes , ; again, there was a great burst of sun- .; shine. Above his head shone the heavens, deep as the core of a sapphire, arid far away he could see the blue haze of the city streaked with gray plnmes of smoKe. in the grass lay his shattered cab, and high over Jiis head, its pearly summit seeming plunged in the eternal azure, rose ft marble shaft. On it were, carved these words : l 