The Sydney Morning Herald. SATURDAY, AUGUST 4, 1900. Vice-Admiral Sir E. H. Seymour having in sisted on paying a visit to the Viceroy at Nanking, Liu-kuu-yi, the Viceroy, reluctantly sent a Chinese warship to escort H.M.S. Alacrity, a despatch vessel, past the ports on the Yangtse-kiang. Great secrecy is being observed in regard to the movements of Japanese troops at Shanhai-kwan to the north of Tientsin. It is expected that a simultaneous advance will be made from Shahai- kwan and Tientsin. A cable message has been received stating that Dr. Davenport, of Adelaide, one of the London Missionary Society's staff, has escaped from Wuchang, in the province of Hupe, on the bank of the Yangtse-kiang. One hundred and twenty thousand German troops and 3650 officers have volunteered for service in China. A third army division is being prepared in India for despatch to China. Li Hung Chang has assured the Consuls that the foreign Ministers at Peking will be placed in communication with their respective Governments if the advance of the allies on Peking is post poned. The Chinese Ambassadors to the Powers have cabled to their Governments demanding that the diplomatists in Peking shall be authorised to communicate with their Governments, and also that they shall be escorted with their families and their staff to Tientsin. Mr. St. John Brodrick, Parliamentary Secretary for Foreign Affairs, stated in the House of Commons that the Powers were uniting with a view to relieving the legations at Peking and establishing the supremacy of the western world. Great Britain, he said, would co-operate with the Viceroys to preserve order on the Yangtse-kiang. The statement was received with cheers. Continuing Mr. St. John Brodrick said that Shanghai would be defended whatever occurred, and Great Britain would resolutely oppose the partition of China as endangering to trade. There was no reason, he said, to believe that the other Powers dissented from this view, and Great Britain felt that the future Govern ment must be by Chinese and for Chinese. Sir Claude Macdonald, British Ambassador at Peking, in a letter dated July 21, gives details of the positions held by the Europeans in the capital and the manner in which they are fortified. The European buildings outside the lines of de fence are stated to be in ruins. The dwelling- houses have been burned and the spaces have been levelled. On the date of writing there was sufficient food for a fortnight, but ammunition was scarce. During the siege 62 Europeans were killed and 128 wounded. Sir Claude Macdonald says : " When the relief columns approach they must advance quickly and prevent the Chinese troops attacking the legations. In the sortie made by the American marines on July 3 1000 Chinese were killed." The London " Express " states that Colonel Hay, the United States Secretary of State, has urged Li Hung Chang to advise the Chinese authorities to place themselves in friendly com munication with the allies. The correspondent of the London " Times " at Peking states that the number of the Chinese troops between Tientsin and Peking is probably small. The Chinese Government has returned to the Powers all the messages which the Governments sent in cipher to the Ambassadors at Peking in order to test the truth of the reports that the Ministers were safe. Russia reports that the majority of the Chinese troops and the Boxers who are south of Peking are concentrated at Yangtun, on the Pei-ho, 20 miles north of Tientsin. There are, it is reported, 50,000 trained troops at Peking, besides the Boxers. A march on Peking before the end of the rains, would, it is stated, be risky, as the climate is changeable. The troops commanded by Generals Broadwood and Ridley are tightening the cordon round Com mandant de Wet and ex-President Steyn in the hills west of Vredefort. Documents discovered in the Government offices in Pretoria show that some pro-Boer mem bers of the House of Commons and other politi- cians, expressed their sympathy with the Boers in an indiscreet manner. The Attorney-General of the Cape Government declares that it would be impossible to proclaim an amnesty in the case of 9000 rebels, as Great Britain would not consent to such a course. In the British Parliament sympathetic refer ences were made to the death of the Duke of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha, and both Houses adopted an address of condolence to Her Majesty the Queen. The illness of the late Duke was cancer at the base of the tongue. It is reported that an attempt upon the life of the late King of Italy was made on July 19, but that the news of it was suppressed. Mr. A. J. Balfour, leader of the Government in the House of Commons, stated in the House that Great Britain had intimated to Belgium that it considered the result of the trial of Sipido, who attempted to assassinate the Prince of Wales at Brussels, a most unfortunate miscarriage of justice. Sipido was tried on a charge of attempting to murder the Prince of Wales, and was acquitted on the ground of mental irresponsibility. Belgium has not replied to the intimation made by Great Britain. Major Beddoes, with 400 men of the Nigerian force and two guns, had a severe engagement with the Ashantis east of Dompoassi, some distance south of Kumasi. The tribesmen, who numbered 5000, were completely routed and suffered heavy loss. A cable message states that two lascars have died of plague in London, and that two other patients are suffering from the disease in the Denton Hospital. The Postmaster-General of Queensland has decided to order from England a motor tricycle as he thinks it could be advantageously used for the carriage of light mails in the drought-stricken districts. The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Public Works took evidence at Bowral yesterday relative to the proposed Bowral-Robertson rail way. The committee purpose taking evidence at Moss Vale to-day and at Robertson on Mon day. Professor G. C. Henderson, of the Sydney University, delivered the fourth lecture of the winter course, at the Y.M.C.A. rooms last night on " Thoughts on Education in New South Wales." The crew chosen to proceed to China with the gunboat Protector from South Australia was disbanded upon the receipt of the message from the British Government stating that the services of the gunboat would not be required. The men have now responded with alacrity to the call, and no diffi culty is anticipated in getting the Protector away on Monday. A very quiet day was experienced in investment stocks on the Stock and Share Market yesterday, and prices were without material changes. There was a good extent of business in the Mining Market yesterday. Coal, copper, and silver stocks were fairly firm. Local gold com panies were in greater favour, and Western Aus tralian gold shares were more firmly quoted. The anarchist revival, which on this occasion has signalised itself by the lamentable sacrifice of a popular monarch, has once more directed the attention of European statesmen to the necessity of devising measures to deal with a recog- nised public danger. There has been too much of a tendency in the past, perhaps, to belittle the results of anarchist activities. We have seen one European monarch and statesman after another sacrificed, and on each occasion there has been a tendency to minimise the significance of the homi- cidal act by attributing it to the irre- sponsible lunacy of an individual. Yet in several instances there has been more or less evidence of the influence if not of the direct agency of anarchist organisation behind. Luccheni, who assassinated the Empress of Austria, was shown to have been connected with these societies. It was even said that the Paris police had information through its secret agencies that the assassin in that in- stance was one of a band of selected murderers appointed to wreak the ven- geance of the international anarchist organisation on King Humbert and the French President. On that occasion the King of Italy was warned in time, but the caution of the Paris police was not utilised for the protection of the Austrian Empress. The murderer in that instance was proved to have had anarchist communications, just as the assassin of President Carnot in 1894 was shown to have been influenced by anarchist associations and influences. The appalling effect of this kind of in- fluence was demonstrated when a jour- neyman baker from Milan, wandering about the country as a stranger in search of work, was moved to the commission of an act at Lyons which de- prived the state of its chief, and sent a thrill of horror throughout Europe. After the Luccheni outrage in 1898 an international session was held in Italy to debate measures for coping with this anarchist movement. It resulted in the framing of certain extraditionary regulations, which would enable the Con- tinental nations to work conjointly for the detection and suppression of anarchist de- signs, and for the prompt treatment of anarchist criminals. In the case of the murderer of the Austrian Empress, it will be remembered that as the offence took place on Swiss soil, where there is no law of capital punishment in force, the criminal escaped the last penalty of his crime. That example may or may not have offered encouragement to others, but if the international arrangements con- cerning extradition had been in force, and the assassin in that instance had been tried within the State against which his offence was specially directed, the salutary effect of the example judicially made would have probably been more marked. So long as these criminals are encouraged to think that there is an unwillingness to visit upon them the full penalty of their crime, and rather to regard them as the victims of some hallucination or the slaves of some dis- torted idea, so long will they and those who influence them be able to pursue their course with impunity. Some attempt was made to set up a defence of this kind in the case of the assassin of Carnot, but it was promptly overruled, and the murderer paid the proper penalty of his crime on the scaffold by the agency of the guillo- tine. That tragic example had the effect of restraining anarchist extra- vagances for several years, until the Luccheni outrage. The compara- tive success of that outbreak seems to have stimulated anarchist effort. Our cables inform us that other victims have been indicated. We have it on the con- fession of the assassin of the Italian King, Angelo Bressi, that in committing his crime he was carrying out the orders of an anarchist association to which he belonged. In the same way it was made apparent from the French and Italian police reports that the successful attempt of Luccheni was part of an organised scheme to strike at about the same time in several indicated directions, the victim of the recent assassination being one of the destined objects of that desperate conspiracy. It is only reasonable to assume that the surrounding facts of these tragedies supply at least presumptive evidence of the existence of organised con- spiracy. The European Governments thought so after the Barcelona outrages, when some attempt was made to bring the Continental authorities into line in deal- ing with this international danger. Again, in 1898, the Powers consulted together with the same object. But on that occa- sion, as on others, Great Britain held aloof. It was contended that the British Explosives Act gave the Go- vernment all the power required to deal effectively with the evil. But from our recent cables it would appear that the opinion of representative British states- men has undergone a change in view of more recent developments. Perhaps the attempted assassination of the Prince of Wales at Brussels and the abortive trial of the criminal and his accomplices may be responsible to some extent for this change of attitude. Be this as it may, both the Premier and the leader of the Opposition in the House of Lords have expressed the opinion that society has in the past dealt too lightly with political assassins. This remark, under the cir- cumstances, may be taken as indicating a change of opinion on the part of British statesmen, and certainly the circumstances of this latest crime, so far as we know them, are such as to have shocked the sentiment of the whole of Europe, while pointing to the existence of some organised plan behind it. There is some- thing mysteriously awe-inspiring in the fact of this wide-spread anarchist or- ganisation striking its fatal blow at a European ruler from afar. Bressi, it appears, travelled in the company of two confederates from America to commit his cowardly crime, and in Italy and Ger- many sympathisers were found to applaud his act with cries of " Viva Anarchia !" Fads like these need but one comment. It is such as can only be supplied by the united action of civilisation to stamp out so treacherous and dangerous an organi- sation as that to which these assassina- tions are credited. The reading public has increased greatly of late years, and writers and publishers are kept busy catering for its wants. From time to time readers seem to evince a partiality for particular literary dishes, for in turn we have the vogue of a certain stamp of material. At one time it is the sex novel, at another the novel of adventure, then follows the historical romance, which in turn gives place to books tinged with mystical lean- ings or to those occupied chiefly with religious questionings. In this way we have had our supply of " The Woman who Did " type, " Treasure Island," " The Red Robe," Huysmann and Maeterlinck, Mrs. Humphry Ward, and so on. Each of these schools has had its time of strong popularity, and we are ready to conclude that the fickle reading public constantly demands something new on which to fasten its affections. On such a question the opinions of a prominent London publisher are interesting. In " Literature " Mr. William Heinemann, in answer to a request for his views on the taste and tendencies in contemporary fiction, refers to the general impression that fashion has much to do with the chances of a novel. For his part, he con- siders that it has comparatively little to do with it. He finds the only sure guide to success in considerations of freshness and novelty, either in subject or in treatment or in genre. He quotes in proof of his assertion the fact that novels of two or three or more different sorts can flourish, and succeed simultaneously, if only they are good enough. Last year we heard a great deal about the " Kailyard " move- ment, but Mr. Heinemann points out that Mr. Henley killed it by showing that there was really no Kailyard school, only a number of foolish writers who tried to find pastures on Mr. J. M. Barrie's meadows. Every successful effort made by a prominent author leads a host of imitators to try their hand on the same theme. The only justification the authority we have quoted can see for the assumption that fashion favours one class of novel to-day and a different class to- morrow is that every striking work of literature causes other writers to seek an easy path to success along the same lines, and arouses in the unthinking reader a wish for " more of the same kind." It seems a case of supply trying to create a demand. At the present time, for in- stance, in connection with the war in South Africa, the appearance of one or two notable books dealing with the cam- paign has produced a flood of khaki books. While admitting that there is some truth in the argument that fashion has little to do with the chances of a novel, we must also recognise that a certain subject or presentment of ideas having once been powerfully placed before the literary world by an author, and his work having caught on, people's minds are directed into a new channel, and they seek for fresh material on the same lines of thought. In an interesting contribution that ap- peared in our columns last week some cases in point are given. We are reminded that at the time of the appearance of Mr. Stead's " Ghosts and More Ghost " thirty novels were produced dealing with this particular class of phenomena, and that in " Looking Backward," " Children of Gibeon," "Trilby," "The Lovers," " Marcella," " The Palten Experiment," and " No. 5 John-street " we have strik- ing instances of the successful seizing of current ideas embodying fashions of thought. The novel of epigram had its career of prosperity, reaching its highest excellence in the works of Miss Ellen Thorneycroft Fowler. Mr. H. G. Wells popularised excursions into morbid anatomy, and Mr. Guy Boothby set the seal of fame on a certain class of adven- turous romance. The problem school of fiction ran a strong course, and did not yield the palm to a saner order without a struggle. In the various styles of novel which we have enumerated the fashion of the hour played a prominent part. And the reason is not far to seek. It is a truism that in modern times the novel has usurped the place that was of old occupied by the pamphlet or serious essay. Cer- tain questions or trains of thought arise and engage the public mind, and by a natural process we find them set forth in the guise of fiction. When we talk of fashions in novels our thoughts naturally dwell on the changes that have come about in fiction from the time of Richardson, and even Jane Aus- ten, and we speculate on what will be the characteristics of works of this kind in the future. Mr. Heinemann gives us his idea in the following excellent outline. He says : " In the novel of to-morrow I would hope for excellence of character drawing, absorbing interest of plot, breadth in covering the canvas and style in painting details, the conflict of fate and temperament, humour and pathos, despair and hope—in short, the whole gamut of human experience." These are the qualities that distinguish the works of the great masters of fiction, and it seems too much to expect to find a new order endowed with such gifts. Such men come once, perhaps, in a generation. The novels of to-morrow may differ from their predecessors in externals, but we may ex- pect the salient points of life to still com- mand the chief attention, though the set- ting may vary somewhat. Mr. Arthur Balfour, referring recently to the fact that novelists had exhausted all possible plots, wondered what writers of the future would do. But science is constantly in- venting fresh situations for the benefit of writers of fiction, and the old familiar forces of love and passion and duty and mental conflict are ever fresh to charm. We shall probably witness no remark- able changes, but there is every promise that this fruitful field for the exposition of mature views on life and things in general will in the future increasingly at- tract literary men of force and culture. If the latest news from China concern- ing the condition of the British Legation in Peking can be believed, the brave men who have been defending themselves against overwhelming odds are still alive, or were, at least, at a very recent date. Dr. G. E. Morrison, the able correspon- dent of the " Times," forwards important news regarding the situation, and his despatches are so outspoken that they seem to be genuine. If this adventurous correspondent succeeds in escaping the many dangers that threaten him he will enjoy the curious experience of reading his own obituary, for, according to our cable- grams, the "Times" on July 17 published a highly laudatory biography on the assumption that he was one of the vic- tims of the Peking massacre. The life of a war correspondent is full of vicissi- tudes, but it does not often fall to his lot to receive this doubtful glory. The experience, however, has occurred with more than one public man in recent years, and many have narrowly escaped such treatment. In the present situation in China Sir Claude Macdonald and Sir R. Hart (the Inspector-General of Customs), who were thought to have perished, may find if they live through the crisis that they also will have an op- portunity of reading those laudatory opinions of their life and work which custom has decreed shall not be written until after their death. Unfortunately it is too soon yet to consider the danger over. There is first the doubt concerning the correctness of the dates of the mes- sages, and further some little time must elapse before the allies can reach those supposed to be besieged in the Legation at Peking. All the messages to hand give the imprission that their situation is one of extreme peril. All will hope that they may come safe through the terrible ordeal they have to endure. The Taking of Pretoria.—We publish to-day our special correspondent's (A. B. Paterson) account of the taking of Pretoria. Life in London and Thereabout.—Our weekly letter from Mr. Lucy will be found in another part of this issue. Political topics come upper- most, and in connection therewith it is mentioned that Lord Cadogan does not contemplate an ex- tended term of office as Lord Lieutenant of Ire- land. The impending marriage of Lady Randolph Churchill, the opening of the London under- ground railway—whereat the Prince of Wales was present—and the illness of the Khedive are also dealt with. Ministerial News.—The Premier (Sir William Lyne) left Sydney by the 8 o'clock train last night for Dubbo, accompanied by the Colonial Secretary (Mr. See), Mr. B. B. O'Conor, and other members of Parliament. To-day Sir Wil- liam will turn the first sod of the Dubbo to Coon- amble railway, and will be banqueted in the evening. He returns to Sydney on Monday morning. The Minister for Works (Mr. E. W. O'Sullivan) left Sydney by train last night for Wyalong. The Financial Statement.—According to an an- nouncement made yesterday afternoon by the Premier to a deputation, he expects to be able in about four weeks time to deliver his financial statement. Treasury Bills.—A notification appears in the " Government Gazette " to the effect that tenders will be received up to and not later than Sep- tember 3, 1900, for the purchase of £1,000,000 worth of Treasury Bills, to be issued under the authority of the Treasury Bills Act of 1899, which provides that, for the purpose of carrying out cer- tain public works, the raising of a sum not ex- ceeding four millions sterling is sanctioned. Such bills to the amount mentioned, £1,000,000, will have a currency of five years, and will bear inte- rest at the rate of 3½ per centum per annum, payable half-yearly, said interest to accrue from September 1, 1900, and be repayable at the Trea- sury at par. Bills will be issued of the follow- ing denominations,—viz., £100, £500, £1000, £5000, and where possible will be allotted in the values applied for by succecssful tenderers, but the Treasurer will not in any instance guarantee divi- sion of values to tenderers. Applications will be receivable for sums of (£100) one hundred pounds and upwards. Close Division on the Chinese Naval Contin- gent.—The Premier is fully satisfied that the closeness of the division on Thursday night in the Legislative Council on the motion approving of the despatch of a naval contingent was not a real indication of the feeling of the Chamber as a whole. Sir William Lyne stated yesterday that he had since learned personally and by letter from several members of the Legislative Council that they were entirely unaware that any importance was going to be attached to the motion which the Vice- President of the Executive of the Council was to move approving the despatch of troops to China. Indeed, they assumed that the moving of the motion would be a mere formality. Had they thought otherwise, they would have been in attendance, when the result of the division would have been far different from what it was. Mr. F. B. Suttor, the Vice-President, also stated he never anticipated that the motion would be debated, and, in fact, he intended at first to ask the Council to take it as a formal motion. Railway Intercolonial Excursions.—The excur- sions to Adelaide, Mount Gambier, Broken Hill, and Melbourne will be resumed this month. The excursion to South Australian stations, including Broken Hill, will be run from Sydney on Monday, 13th instant, when return tickets will be issued at reduced fares. A connection is made at Mel- bourne with the Adelaide excursion on the 15th instant. The Melbourne excursion will leave Sydney at 4.5 p.m. on Thursday, 16th instant, and will be due at Melbourne at 11.25 a.m. next day. The train will call at the principal stations en route to pick up passengers. Patriotic Fund.—We have received towards the New South Wales Patriotic Fund £3 3s, being proceeds of concert by Miss Gulley's pupils in Petersham Town Hall, per the Mayor, Mr. J. W. Cockbaine, hon. treasurer Petersham branch. Bank Holiday Excursions.—In connection with the letter which appeared in yesterday's issue of the " Herald," signed " Traveller," regarding the above, the Railway Commissioners point out that the writer has overlooked the fact that cheap excursion tickets are issued every Friday and Saturday from Sydney and suburban stations to all the pleasure resorts within easy reach of the metropolis. Previous ex- perience has shown that the traffic is limited at this time of the year, and would not warrant the expense of special trains being run on the various lines, but where necessary the ordi- nary service will be strengthened. As there is no service to and from the National Park on week- days other than Saturdays, arrangements have been made for a special train to leave Sydney on Monday at 10.30 a.m. for the park, leaving there on the return at 5.20 p.m. Parcel Post to Great Britain.—A notification appears in the " Government Gazette " to the effect that an exchange of postal parcels is about to be established between this colony and the United Kingdom, via Marseilles, and overland through France. By means of this service, which will be supplemental to the existing ex- change by the " all sea " route, parcels will be delivered in London about a week earlier than by the latter route. The postage will be 2s for the first lb. and 6d for each additional lb. (up to 11lb.), or an increased charge of 1s for the first lb. over that for the slower service, the rate for each extra lb. remaining as at present. London Frozen Mutton Market.—Messrs. J. Barre Johnston and Co. report the receipt of the following cable from Messrs. W. Weddel and Co., London :—" Sydney Mutton : We quote to- day's value on Smithfield 3d per lb. Market weak. Intermediate Law Examination.—The follow- ing gentlemen have passed the intermediate law examination of the Third Term :—W. E. Court- hope, H. T. Bell, J. F. Ahern, T. Michell, and W. Linton. The North Shore Hospital.—In consequence of the inadequate accommodation at the North Shore Hospital another site has been secured, on which a more commodious building will eventually be erected. The land has been vested in trustees, and lately the names of Messrs. E. M. Clark and G. Howarth, Ms.L.A., have been added to the trust. The sum of £300 has been subscribed towards the erection of the new building. St. Catherine's Clergy Daughters' School.—The quarterly gathering of the old Pupils' Union of St. Catherine's Clergy Daughters' School was held at the Deanery on Monday last. It was well attended, and took the form of a " missionary afternoon." This was in view of the approaching jubilee of the A.B.M. Several interesting papers were read upon the lives of Bishops Selwyn and Patteson, Bishops J. Selwyn, and Pilkington of Uganda. A letter was also read from Miss H. Phillips, a Sydney missionary in Ceylon, and a for- mer principal of the school. Music and afternoon tea occupied the remainder of a pleasant afternoon. Amongst those present were Miss Snowdon Smith, Miss Fox (principal), and Mrs. Kemmis. The next gathering will be the annual meeting at the school on or about St. Catherine's Day, Novem- ber 25. St. Andrew's Cathedral.—Mr. Joseph Massey, who was lately appointed to the position of organist of St. Andrew's Cathedral in succession to the late Mr. Montague Younger, has entered upon his duties and will be the organist at the services on Sunday. Mr. Massey presided at the organ at the choir rehearsal on Friday afternoon, and gave ample evidence of his complete mastery over the instrument. Indian Famine Relief Fund.—We have re- ceived towards the Indian Famina Relief Fund £1 from " Maori," £1 15s proceeds of Mrs. Barrington's lecture, " India, Paist and Present ;" £1 16s 6d, collection Barrington Free Church, per Rev. W. Archibald ; 10s from F. Chisholm, 10s from A. Lynch. Remarkable Accident.—A cabman named E. Conley, living in Quarry-street, Ultimo, was the victim of a remarkable accident last night. He was driving his cab in Harris-street, when he overbalanced and fell from his seat, and became jammed between the body of the vehicle and one wheel. The cab was in motion, and Conley's head became caught in the spokes so firmly as to stop the horse. It was necessary to remove some of the spokes to relieve the injured man. He was afterwards conveyed to the Sydney Hospital, where he was found to be suffering from severe bruises to the head and shoulders. Accident to a Builder.—A builder named Alexander Lang, residing in Springside- street, Balmain, was yesterday admitted to the Sydney Hospital suffering from a scalp wound, an injury to the back, and internal injuries, caused through falling from a scaffolding at the Art Gallery. A Child's Body found.—Yesterday morning a man named Charles Turner discovered the body of a female child floating in the water under the Mes- sageries Maritimes Wharf at Circular Quay. The Water Police removed the body to the morgue, where Dr. Taylor made a post-mortem examina- tion. There was a deep cut on the throat, but he was of opinion that the body was that of a stillborn child. The City Coroner held an in- quiry during the afternoon, and recorded a find- ing in accordance with the medical evidence. M. Thiers As a Seer.—Men doubt sometimes the genius of M. Thiers for foreign affairs, but (the " Spectator " of June 23 last says) he certainly had a rare insight into the position of foreign States. In January, 1871, he told his friends that they were all at sea as to the re- sources of Great Britain, which hoemaintained had in India a separate reserve of strength, and ventured upon this most remarkable prophecy :—" Whenever England is in conflict with a foreign Power Europe will see her colonies rally round and co-operate with her. Without the slightest expense to her they will equip their soldiers, their only ambition being to show their close union with her, and to de- monstrate that their strength and energy are at her disposal just as her enormous resources are at theirs. I predict this in spite of your smile of incredulity, and although perhaps none of us will live to witness it." At this moment a force of colonial troops, invaluable in quality and by no means inconsiderable in numbers, is fighting for the Queen in South Africa. There was probably at the time no man in Europe, England included, who shared in M. Thiers's acute prevision. In connection with the extention of the electric tram line to Cook's River the Railway Commis- sioners notify for public information that commenc- ing on Monday next a through service of trams will be run between Circular Quay and Cook's River. Trams will run every 12 minutes betwen Circular Quay and Cook's River throughout the day, and every six minutes during business trips between Cir- cular Quay and St. Peters bridge. An improved ser- vice will also be run on the Newtown and Dulwich Hill lines. A notification appears in the " Government Gazette " to the effect that his Excellency the Governor has approved of the rate of postage on parcels despatched from New South Wales to Malta being altered from 1s 6d for the first 2lb. and 9d for each additional 1lb. (up to 11lb.) to 1s for the first 1lb. and 6d for each additional 1lb. (up to 11lb.). An announcement appears in another column that Mr. Christie, umbrella and parasol maker of the Strand, has opened a branch establishment at 526 George- street, near Park-street. At the board meeting of Port Jackson Co-operative Steamship Company, held yesterday, Mr. John Woods was again unanimously re-elected as chair- man for the ensuing year. From an advertisement elsewhere it will be seen that a meeting is to be held on Thursday next for the formation of a Field Naturalists' Club. It is notified by an advertisement which appears elsewhere that Messrs. Hugh Duff and Co., auc- tioneers and valuators, will begin business in their new salerooms, at 283 George-street, on Monday next. The Art Society's Exhibition will open on August 27 in the presence of his Excellency the Governor. The usual art union will be held. The first prize, it is expected, will be of the value of £52 10s, and there will be many others of less amount. We receive from the executive committee of the Australasian Student Christian Union copy of an interesting paper by Mr. William H. Sallmon, M.A., Yale University, U.S.A., entitled " Among Australasian Students." Messrs. Hordern Brothers forward the second number of " Corticelli Home Needlework," which contains capital articles on embroidery, crochet, and art needlework generally. Amongst the contribu- tors are some of the first authorities on the subject in the world, and the illustrations are so good that they largely help in the due understanding of the various articles. Mr. W. J. Colville will lecture this evening in the School of Arts. He will deliver an address on Sun- day morning at the Australian Church service on " The Gospel that China Wants." Dr. Mills's advance course of eight lectures on " Mind, Soul Illumination, and Healing " begins on Monday, August 6, at 3 p.m. For full particulars see our advertising columns. " China v. Christian Civilisation " is the subject of a Sunday evening discourse by the Rev. George Walters. We are asked to direct attention to an announce- ment in our advertising columns of a sale of work to be held in Waverley Hall for three days, commenc- ing on Wednesday next at 3 p.m., in aid of the building fund of the Mill Hill Presbyterian Church. The Rev. G. H. Barrett will deliver his popular story sermon in the Y.M.C.A. Hall this evening at 7.45. An announcement appears in our business columns to the effect that a sale of work under the auspices of the Melanesian Mission and in aid of the fund for the new ship will be held at the Y.M.C.A. Hall on Wed- nesday and Thursday next. The sale will be de- clared open on Wednesday afternoon by Lady Mary Lygon. The Rev. A. R. Edgar, of the Central Mission, Melbourne, has accepted an invitation to lecture and preach in connection with the Sunday school celebra- tions at the William-street Wesleyan Church. The buildings on this church property are being reno- vated, and it is announced that the trustees propose to spend about £300 in re-roofing the church with slate—a work which has long been regarded as very necessary. The officers of the Central Police Cpirt staff yes- terday presented Mr. R. H. C. Key, head messenger, with a handsome marble clock as a wedding present. Mrs. Greaves, who has for the past nine years occu- pied the position of headmistress of the Biloela Pub- lic School, has been appointed to the position of sew- ing mistress at the Summer Hill Public School. Prior to her leaving for her new position the parents of the children attending the Biloela school presented her with a gold bracelet and an illuminated address. Miss Julian has been appointed to temporarily fill the position vacated by Mrs. Greaves. The following is the report of the Benevolent Asylum for the week ending August 1 :—Provisions distributed, 3210 loaves bread, 1487lb. of flour, 2300lb. meat, 915lb. sugar, 221½lb. tea, 98½lb. sago, 186lb. rice, 2½lb. arrowroot, 184lb. oatmeal. There were 27 fresh applications for and eight renewals of relief during the week. Cases reported by the in- spectors, 158 : in five cases the relief was discon- tinued, and in one case the rations were reduced, and 23 cases ceased to come and they were taken off the books. Total number of cases relieved, 842, re- presenting 2620 adults and children. 