CUPID'S REVENGE. By Basil Gbaeue. Every little ripple of that sea which looked so calmly bine and enticing, every little breath of wind which fanned the hot eheeke of the summer visitors on the beaoh at MMdletown, brongnt aeatn steadily nearer to lleene Beanchamp, sitting on that lonely rock ont of sight and hearing of the human world. And she knew It t In the moment when she first realised the fate In store for her, she had beaten her hands In Impotent agony on the hard rook till they bled, and had screamed and cried for help. But that was more than an hour ago. . She-had qnlte wom herself ont, bnt no one heeded her exoept the sea gnlls, who, whirling overhead, seemed to condole with her troubles in uttering their sharp, ear-plerclng cries. Some of them flew right away as If to call for rid, only they never came back, and when lleene at last realised how hopeless were all her efforts, she climbed to the top of the rook, and sat her down to die. Now, for one whole hour she had watched the sea creeping steadily and aterithily op the face of the rock, and the -little breeze springing np, which would else have been so. welcome, was hastening her fate, whilst the solemn boom and sodden swell of the water told of distant, vet aDDroachinz storm. People speak of drowning as an eaBy death, bnt if one waits an honr or two watohlng it steadily come, the bitterness of death Is thoroughly tasted, and well nigh spent, beforejhe has laid his ley touch upon one's heart. lleene pressed her hands on her burn lng face and tearless eyes, bloodshot with straining for the Bight of an approaohing vessel. "Oh, how horrible," she murmured, " to die so young, and all alone 1 And I might have been so happy 1" Ah, those " might have beens." How many of us can echo Ileene's sad words 1 But not all of us have Ileene's chances of happiness 1 Again lleene shuddered, fcr as she glanced down she could see her own face reflected In the green water below, and Instinctively she recognised all the fascl- \- nation which had procured her -the love of so many men. She wag not beautiful, but there was something In the stylish carriage, the bonhomie of manner, the appealing glance of the blue eyeB, and the childish- looking clustering golden curls, which deceived even practised men of the world \- into believing her tender, loving and true. And they gave her— yea, and they were many who did so — all the- wealth of love In their hearts, and for their gold she had offered nothing but the vileBt dross. lleene could see them all now as she sat waiting for death to fetch her. She felt as well as saw the pitiful grief of Ensign Davy, who had staked bis all upon her truth, and only three months ago — could it be such a short time ? — had knelt at her feet and pleaded as for very life. " lleene, darling, only only one word i One little word 1" " What is it yon want, Harry ? I wish you would not tease so." " Only say, darling, it is not true that you promised to marry Lord Harding at the ball last night." . "And if I did, what then 1" " My love, my love, with my heart in your hands; with my ring upon your finger! Oh, lleene, do not trifle with me. What is sport to you is death to me. " In that case I had batter restore your ring, and," opening her hands with mock- lng aotion, " give you back the heart you value so highly." "Ton cannot, lleene, you cannot. Nothii g but death can tear my heart from you." "Then let death come, Harry. Be reasonable. -I cannot afford to — maity you." " Then :why teach me to love you 1 Oh, lleene, you are not serious! Ton cannot mean what you say !" " But I do. Why should not we girls make the best bargain we can for our Uvea. A girl supposed to be engaged always has more admlsers than one not engaged. Money and position are my idols, and I have advanced steadily to wards them. Hugh Wyndham intro duced me to you, you Introduced mo to Lord Harding. He Is the highest I can hope for, so I suppose J shall marry him. But I shall never forget what I owe to you and Hugh. There, now you know the truth, get up and be rational." How well she remembered it all now, yet- how far away It seemed ! Again that sullen boom which brought death nearer. Stav. what followed I Harry had staggered to his feet, white as death. He had seized her shoulder, and shaken her in a frenzy of despair. " Beautiful fiend 1 May God forgive your treachery. I never can 1" And then he had gone. Gone with all the weight of her falsehood and all the gslef of his broken heart, while she had decked herself out In silks and jewels, met Lord Harding with a smiling face and had enjoyed Effie London's sad looks. How fond and proud he had been, and how when they parted he had begged for the rose from her shoulder just like Hagh and Harry, and had got it. . If only die could stop thinking ! But no ! Next morning her maid had awakened her, breathless with excitement. " Oh, miss, Mr Davy Is dead— killed 1" " Nonsense, Mary, don't be so silly 1" " It's true, miss. His servant has juBt been with the news. He came home yesterday morning looking as If he bad seen a ghost, but all he said was ' Saddle Rupert.' And Tom did, miss, and Mr Davy, he must have put his plstolB in his pocket, for at six this morning Rupert was standing at his stable door, and they found Mr Davy face downwards on the Common as if he had been dragged, and a pistol which had been discharged in his breast pocket, and him shot through the heart, miss. And I do say it's a mercy as you had changed your mind, miss, In favor of hie lordship, so as it dont make bo difference to you." Once again that solemn boom like a death salute over Harry's grave para lysed thought with fear ; but pitiless memory Boon renewed her sway. That same evening Lord Harding had asked her to name the wedding day npon her solemn assurance that she had never really been engaged to Mr Davy, " he had been like a brother to her," nothing more, and then followed Harry's funeral. But a month later Lord Harding had come In white and stern, and handing her a paper, arid : " Read that, lleene 1" Trembling, she had done his bidding. "You have sent me to my death, lleene ! You won my heart as you had won Hugh Wyndham a before, with prao- Used art and wile, and using us but as stepping stones to reach- the rank you looked for, cast us away when done with Yet I envy not the man who has given- the god of his love and bought but the outer semblance of a woman. Let the memory of my death at least keep you true to him I— Habby Daw." "Effie says It 1s true, all true, and you have lied to me." How pitiless he looked, how stem ! How-he refused to listen to her faltering f——, and left her at last with , the words : "He was my friend. His murdered tpfait stands betwlxttyou and me for ever. Farewell, and God grant you repentanoe foryourrin." Then he had gone, and by- and bvp ho would marry Us. And everyone i... ffcrnnk from her, for the story got feown, so she had fled from them, from r — — — i thought, from herself, and had come to this distant watering pl»oe. Only this morning she had come out happier and brighter; .bnt absorbed In plans for the future, she had let the sea surround the rock on which she sat, and most pay the penalty with her life ! Boom again, and this time the water rose and wetted the rock on which her feet were resting. " Help," she screamed wildly, starting to her feet. " Help someone. 8ave me, Hugh." Alas for the folly and misery of it all I Broken-hearted Hugh had gone two years ago aa doctor to an African mission station ; her own invalid mother had died soon after, imploring her to repent, and no donbt Hugh too had succumbed to the fever which had speedily seized upon him. Bnt what was that 1 A steamer, as if evoked by her cry, came round the headland. She could hear the band play ing on the crowded deck and waved her soarlet parasol to attract attention. Surely they must see I Yes, it was coming nearer and a boat was being lowered. Only what if they did not reach her In time ? What if mnrdered Harry and wronged Hugh were calling to the God of Love for retrlbntlon on the woman who had killed their yonth and troth P Boom — boom— apoke the swelling tide, and the water, as if fearing to loBe Its prey, roBe to her waist, and then, sub siding as though to gain strength for new effort, rose again immediately and nearly swept her from the rock. How she clung to Its hard ragged surfaee with a frantic love of life I Her parasol was carried away, the Bea was surging angrily, bnt the boat was coming, driven by six strong willing arms, and aided by wind and tide. Hope and fear struggled for the mastery. Death or deliverance, which would It be? Meanwhile Memory pursued its merci less task. "Relent, lleene, darling. No one can ever love yon better than I. I should count It a joy to lay down my life for you, my love 1" And her answer : " All that Is so useless,- Hugh 1" " Then you mean It, dear P You can not, oh, you cannot 1" That grasp on her dresB, she felt it now. No, It was the water sacking her down, down, down. Ah, yes, Hagh, I only fonnd yon useful for a time." His mute despair, her mother's mourn ful look burning into her soul. Yes, drowning was very easy. When that high wave receded, the men in tne boat perceived the rock: was Dare. Bnt still they rowed on, and one of their number with a lifebelt jumped Into the sea- In half-an-hour he, clasping Ileene's apparently lifeless form, was drawn on to the steamer's deck, and a doctor among the passengers Btepped forward to help. The minutes passed, and It seemed as If Ileene's spirit had really fled, but at length a slight stirring of the prises, a tinge of returning color, gave evidence of life ; then the eyelids quivered, opened, closed again. " She will do now," observed - the second gentleman. "Dr. Wyndham, you must change your clothes, or I shall have you on my hands next, you look quite worn out." And so he did. But stop ! What was lleene murmuring ! " Oh, Hugh, forgive me 1 Stop with me 1 Help me to be better. It is dread ful, dreadful." " Ah, delirious, no doubt. A sleeping draught is the thing." And the doctor turned away to mix It. Bnt Hugh Wyndham — for It was really he— raised one limp hand to his lips, and slipping a ring off his little finger on It, whispered tenderly 1 " 1 am here, darling. You are Bafe with me." Next morning when Ueene' opened her eyes she found Hugh watching by her side. " Where am I ? Is this the other world ?" she cried. " No, you are on the Maude — a coast ing steamer, safe with me." " Ah, Hugh, you do not know. You— I cannot tell." " I know everything. I saw his death in the papers. I met Lord Harding at Brindlsi, and 1 came home for you. Have you learnt your lesson, little one, or Is It only Hugh the spirit that you love, and not the Hugh whose heart you broke two years ago, and who haB only a few weeks of life to give yon now f . " Oh, Hagh, not so, not sc ! Lire for me I Help me, forgive me. Love me, Hugh !" " I have loved yon always, darling." niij uuvr Haiti sue ieii wiw woae (tiuutir arms around her 1 But human justice was not the only juBtlce to he reckoned with, and if joy does not kill, cold water may. Hagh Wyndham; whoBe faithful heart had brought him back to screen the girl he loved, sank ao rapidly from this hour that no hope was left within six weeks. A special license was procured, and the clergyman had just left when Hugh said : " Put your arms round me, dear wife, and let my head rest upon your bosom — so— kiss me once again. Always re member that yon made me happy, and that I died blessing your dear name, lleene." " Oh, stay or take me with you. Hugh, my love, my love." ' In vain. The dead hear not, not even the voice of love. i In the Middleton Hospital there is a blue-eyed nurse who goes onc9 a week to the beautiful cemetery on the hill aide, whence the rook on which lleene nearly lost her life can be seen. She kneels where a white marble cross bears the inscription " God Is Love," beneath the name of Hugh Wyndham. Cupid's revenge is complete, for his lesson Is learnt, and lleene 1b longingly awaiting the hour when once again she may rejoin Hagh, and this time for ever more. 