PHENOMENAL ISLANDS. "Etexixg Staxdabd." Since its first discovery in 1SS9, Falcon Island, of Sue Tonga group, in the South Pacific, had played hide and seek from its mysterious bed beneath the waves. "With tantalising regularity it has belied the ocean charts by surreptitiously swooping to its native deeps from the wondering ken of the puzzled mariner. It has been missing since 1S9S, ana now it has emerged ouee more, in the form of a huge whale. This unstable characteristic of Falcon Island is one of the family of peculiar phenomena which have been the fruitful core of many a ghostly ocean legend, and the foundation of natural fact on which have been built interesting phases of the fairy lore of lake and sea. Those "Will- o'-the-Wisp hits of ocean land have caused discomfiture to the mariners of the sixteen and seventeenth centuries, and the location of numbers of vanished islands have place in all or most of the maps of those periods. As late as the year 1700, ail- English ship returning from Newfoundland, near lat. 50 deg. north, discovered an island, hitherfo unknown, which not only ap peared fertile, but was covered with field and woods, bat hindered by a violent surf, the boat's ciew failed to secure a landing. So convinced were the captain and sailors of the reality of' their discovery that ships were chartered ] in London to explore the island, but the search wa3 fruitless—the fugitive land had again vanished. like Falcon Island, it may have been a volcanic upheaval, a theory supported, perhaps, by the extreme agitation of the surrounding water. It is a remarkable coincidence that since as early as the ninth century, there is a circumstantial record of the discovery of an island, by Irish and Danish fishermen about the same place, midway between tbe coasts of Ireland and Newfoundland. From that period to the fourteenth century it was frequently seen by the_Engiish and French fisher men and mariners, hut it eluded all their attempts to land on it—in fact it was the sea serpent sensation of those centuries. In Erse it was called Flath Inids, or the Noble Island; by the Anglo-Saxons, Icockane, or the country in the waves ; and by the Irish, French, and Spanish it wasJtaown as Brasil and Asomanda, or Ihe island of Ghosts. But so confident were the geographers of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries of the presence of land in that particular spot'of the Atlantic, that it is marked on the maps of the period. It may have been a volcanic part of tbe ocean bed, whose active period covered those early centuries till the seventeenth, when we hava the latest circumstantial record of its appearance, or it may have beeu a Fata ilorgaua, sach as that de scribed by Commodore Byron in his voyage round the world, where he tells of a phantom island in high Southern latitude with capes and mountains that deceived his most experienced mariners. But to come closer to facts, we find that among the most familiar wonders in phenomenal islands are those buoyant lands that rise to the water surface, or sink to the bottom, by means of some hidden evolution of natural law. One of the most important of those aquatic wonders is the floating island of the beautiful Lake of Derwentwater. It is situated in the south-east corner of the lake, almost within the sound of the Falls of Isidore; it never changes its location, hut dives to the bottom or rises to the snrfaee according to the dictates of the mysterious law that moves it. In connec tion with that curious island there is a supplementary phenomenon called " the bottom wind," a local subaqueous agita* tion that rudely ruffles the water at cer tain times in that particular part of the lake. The periods of the rising of the island have been irregular and uncertain; it has come to the surface iu two succes sive years ; at other times it has been in hiding for seven or eight years, and then made its appearance, at the end of an exceptionally warm, dry season. Its figure and extent are variable ; it some times comprises an aore, entirely covered with a sort of peat moss vegetation. It appeared in the first year of the century, and then sank for eight years, when it rose to the surface for three months, and then vanished till 1S13, when it again paid a six weeks' visit and returned to its bed till 1315 ; then experiments proved that it was charged with a mixed gas of nitrogen, carbnretted hydrogen, and carbolic acid, hence it was surmised that the formation of this gas in greater or lesser quantity determined the gravity or buoyancy of this curious island. Pheno mena of this kind are familiar objects in Cumberland, for in Esthwaite Lake a natural floating island has been used as a ferry capable of holding 15 persons. 