Is Eflurder Dying Out? j The twentieth century is at hand, and retrospection is just now fashion able. Passing notice may therciore be -jiveu 1° tlie above question, es pecially as there are certain features in connection wilh the murders by the Breelong Blacks which evoke cuiious reflections. The wave of execration and Dublic animosity aroused against the Governors is equalled only by the good-hun'.or-^d equanimity with which the leaner of these dusky heathens apparently re gards the whole business. To jimmy Governor, the events cf the last few months seem to appear as a highly exciting and diverting paper chase. He, however, admits that there was some unpleasantness at 'first which had to be smoothed away. White peop'e who unjustifiably and persis tently interfered in his domestic con cerns had, lie considered, to be got rid of. and. v»l:iie his blood was up for awhile afterwards, a few other people had to sutler. But thence- I forth he injured none whom he en- ! countered except in self defence. ! Did lie not actually cive away money ' to people who rendered him help against their common enemy, the police ? And at the finish, lie shook hands with his captors, the hunters who in fair fieid and fight had beaten him at his own game. They had emptied several charges of shot into his body, but this was all part of the fortunes of war. They had attended to their business and he had attend ed to his. He would have shot them just as cheerfully as he received their shots. To civilised minds, such non chalant disregard of social laws and of pain and death seems appalling. But, alter all, are the Governors as' bad or as exceptional in morals as they have been painted ? It may he admitted that there are crimes which are more crae\ -to siiffer than death — the ingratitude or treachery of friends, for instance — and there are murders of Tr:any kinds. The crimes of the semi savage Governors pale into insig nificance when compared with the atrocities of some of our notorious white criminals. The ignorant blacks received serious provocation and ran amok, but civilised men, like JjEktrand, Butler, and Deem ing, deliberately pursued their ghoul ish careers of murder as though human life were absolutely worthless. Scarcely a week passes without a murder in Australia — a -discovered j murder' be it understood — and these murders are committed by whites. Let us, therefore, not heap hypo- j critical contumely upon the wretched perpetrators of the Breelong massa cres. People in glass houses should not throw stones. Although nine Dersons. in all. were slaushtered bv the Governors, the idea that mur der is prevalent among civilised aborigines is dissipated by an exam iuation of the N.S.W. criminal ? * records of fhe past sixty years. From 1843 to date, only eiglit aho ^ ligines have been executed for mur ~ , der. This total of course does not : include the number of homicides which have occurred among them I ' selves, or deaths caused by blacks i who have evaded capture. !t- It must not be forgotten that, t j although the crude, brutal varieties §, of murders are now becoming obso f. - lete, the complexities of our modern H^ civilisation a fiord many jiew oppor- i pfy. , lunilies to scheming evil-doers which j&r; they are not slow to seize. An W intentional push in the engine-room, fe- or carelessness withsome liniment, |j- will frequently pass, as accidental, It' -*nnd knowledge of anatomy and the Ha- ? easiest -ways to cause death— by ?&£? „ poisons and otherwise— is becoming general. With the spread of educa tion and the alleged, refining influ ences cf partial education there are indications that respect for the sanctity of human life has not in creased. Suicide— the half-brother to murder — is undoubtedly on the. increase. Practically the wliole of the globe has been explored, and discontent man is now convinced that no ready-made elysiuin -exists on earth to which he may flee when his habitual surroundings are full of trouble. Discoveries in science show more and more, day by day, the insignificance and evanescence of man. Of what account is the brief life of a human being in a world probably a hundred million years old, a world which itself is but a mere speck in infinity, a world whercoD the 'right of the nearest fixed star must shine for over three years before it can reach the ob server's vision ? Gone, now-a-days, to many half-educated embryo crimi nals, are the old superstitions of . iiaunting ghosts and the terrors of eternal fiery torments in a future state, Materialistic pessimism is But, if the outlook is gloomy, some consolation remains. If life is held of less account than formerly, we are, on the whole, more humane to the living. We would kill an enemy rather than torture him, as of old, and this is something to our credit. Want of space precludes us from dis cussing, here, suggestions made to counteract the growing evils of pessi mism. Optimists, however, may take heart of grace. The present is surely but a phase of transition in our long line of advance. 