Behind A . Veil. BY MRS C. H. WILLIAMSON. A author of "His Grace," "The Secret of the Pearls,' "The House by the Loch," "Queen Sweetheart," "A an from the Dark," "Fortune's Sport," "The News paper Girl,".Etc., Etc. ft CHAPTER IX.?- FOLDED PAPER. 'ristram stood dazed, unbelleving,star Ing into blankness, She had made no i~ound in going, this girl he had come to save; yet she had gone, softly as a white -ilghtmoth flits through dusky spaces from one flower to another. She had gone out and left him there waiting for w-hat she knew would never come. The thought stabbed him, thornllke,but .se plucked it out before it had drawn heart's blood. She could not have done it, How hadhe' wronged her swqetness by an' instant' credence of a thing so false? She had gonie indeid, but not of her own free will. There were mystery and falseness lurknig in the shadows, but the falseness was not -Mary Desmond's, lie wetildstake his life. With a stride he was at the door fumbl Ilng the latch. There was no lock, neither key.nor bolt, yet the door held fast, and for all his pulling would not open. Wild eords sprang to Tristram's lips as he lighted match after match,, quelling the darkness, but finding no clue to the mys tery, no hope of exit, On Mary's little bed lay a small heap of crumbled mortar; beside the pile the three iron bars she had taken from his hands, were placed neatly together as by a nice instinct acted upon mechanically. The fourth rod, which he had.thrown in later, was at a distance. He seized up one and strove to thrust it under the door like a lever. But the iron was blunt at 'the end, and there was not the eighth of an inch space between the oak and stone, neither was ther- room for a child's fin ""er-tollip in between the door and Its trame. With the rod uplifted for a blow upon the panel, Tristram stayed his hand. So heavy was the door of ancient oak-old as the convent-that he saw the impossibl lity of breaking it with so mean a weap on. - He could make a noise, and there was little more that he could do. For Ieaven's sake, then, let him control hlm self, and think what was best to be done, 'iefore he ruined everything with some 'nad piece of rashness. He knew that Mary had been afraid, that she had dreaded the ordeal she had 'to face, that she had trembled at thought of the rope ladder, and the precipice she -must overhang in the windy darkness. TWas it possible that at the last her cour age had failed, and, scarcely realislna 'what she did, she had run away rather -than tell him that she dared not go? He recalled the moment when his hands had clasped the slimniness of her waist in the loose garment of serge.. He had felt the wild plunging of her heart against her aide; then she had slipped from.him beg sins time to find her veil. He had heard tier sandalled feet on the stones, the soft rustle of her gown, that faint ejaculation which had hardly been a cry and-noth ing more, not another sound. It did not seem that she could so noiselessly have been stolen away, save by a ghost; and even in the Convent of the Sacred Island 'there were no ghosts without bodies. It began to seem possible to Tristram that, too frightened to be in full possession of -er senses, Mary. had run from the crisis of her fate, barrlng the door on the out side against it and him. J-I this were true, and he should beat upon the door with the iron bar, calling iher.name, and demanding to be released, -the noise would do Mar 's5s?- r '--tnroro'Is the panels and so reach.her in the end, it would be a different story. But strong man as he was, .there was no chance of that;: and if she had been spirit ed away all the shouting in the world would not make the conspirators unbar the door for him. - Tlstram was a man quick to decide, Iceenly. ready to actwhen.a decision was Smade; but for 'once he was at a loss, bafled, 'desperate. Whichever way his ?ifld .turned' he seemed only to face a blank wall. To go and leave Mary un friended;-unprotected in this grim place, was hardly to be contemniated. To stay iri her cell, into which he h'hsdbroken with vlolence;,5as equally impossible. Suddenly, as he tossed drowning in the black sea-trough of his own doubts, there woos a sound on the other side of the . door. "Go, I beg you to go," a voice whispered close to the thick panel. So low, so muffled was the ..tone, Tristram could not tell from the sound of It whether it were Maryde voice or no. But reason said it must be hers, bidding him to what, in the light of events un known to him, was best for her inter Thle command was enough. For a dozen \- reasons-each one' for Mary's sake ie must not stop to question. Thankful at least to feel that so far she was safe, though his heart was cold with failure. he sprang to the window, crawled out as he had come, and.slld'down the rope, 'with-no attempt to use it as a ladder. . There was no means of unhooking it from the window above as he stood on the ledge of rock. The ladder must be left, and when Mary returned to her cell she could drag it through the window and hide It under her mattrass on the bed. The bars might even be put back tem porarily into their places; if the girl thought of doing so in such a way that their disarrangement need not be detect ed by a casual glance. Mary Desmond was a clever girl, with plenty of spirit and resource, he was sure, when her brain was in its normal condition, and he • credited her with the presence of mind to do all that was necessary when her my's -erlous absence from the'ell was ended. Perhaps she had suddenly remembered some ofice at which she must be present in the chapel, at the very hour when he had been bent on her escape, and had 'fushed away rather than be summoned, locking the cell door lest he'should ruin all by- following. The solution'seemed the least improb able of any that had occurred to him, and, building on it as much as he dared, he thought with renewed hope of the fut ure. Somehow, all would yet come right. tiary would disarm suspicion, and she would be expecting him again-at a more favorable tine. There was still some thing to live for, and Tristram hegan cautiously to descend the steep, slippery rocks, which only an Englishman would have dreamt of attempting. He was three times as long in getting down as he had been In limblng up, but at last he was at the bottom, na:r the place where he had left his boat. Under the seat ln the stern was the -Isgulse he had brought for Mary, only a Deasant's dress, common in the dlstrlct. But she was to have worn ii:t; therefore, In Tristram's eyes, it was already' a thing to be treasured. He touched the bundle caressingly with his hand, and for the second time in many years tears amarted on his eyelida. lip did not go back to the village, but remained for the night on the lake in eight of Mary's window. She might be able to return to her cell, and, expect ing him to be withln call, make some =lgnal. He was determined not to miss 'the smallest chance. lest through the years to come he might be forced to bear the shame of having been absent when he was needed. All night long he watched the convent; but the great bulk at the building, which cut a black, Irre Gular wedge out of the purple sky, was dark, without a single flitting firefly of light behind a grated window. The little waves lapped sleepily against the rocks; the church tolled out hour after hour: dhe air was sweet after the spring rain, and a fragrance of apple blessom in 390 distant orchards blew across the water. " The scene breathed peace and holiness. There was no hint of tragedy anywhere. - By and bye the early dawn canme,with a light that might have been reflected from all the wild pink roses on earth, shining in the east. The bells rang out. It was time for matins. The nuns were singing In the convent church; high soprano voices tossed like spray above rolling waves of music from the organ. If Tristram had not seen Mary's win dow empty of its bars, he would hardly have been able to believe that last night was more than a dream. Blut in the darkness Iris rope-ladder had been re movel-he could only hope, by Mary. IIe waited till long past the hour when he had seen the white-robed novice ap pear at the window before, after matlns: but she did not come again, and whin he was sure that the daily round of tasks in the convent made it too late for him to hope more until after nightfall, he went away. He was restless and miserable throughout the day, hopipg only for what mlght happen at night. But in the evening,'Jusr when dusk iad spread grey dove-wings over the World, he was told that Father Heinrich wished to see him. Tristram had'the one private sitting room which the inn at Leux afforded. He did not know that Princess Falcon berg had sat there varming her beau tiful hands at the fire, and .wailting f or Father Augustin to comd back from the Sacred Island after leaving Maly behind him. Now,. wondering what had brought the village priest uninvited, he asked that Father Helfrich should be shown into this'room. P The old man was of a- fresh, ruddy countenance, with bright eyes- and .a kindly smile; but to-day hi wore no smile and his eyes were grave. Only. two nights before, when Tris tram had been assiduously cultivating his friendship for a purpose, the good priest had dined in: this very room, laughing much in his guileless fashion, telling amusing. anecdotes, and listen ing with almost childlike interest to others in return. "But now he spoke softly, with evident restraint, and be fore beginning, he had looked to see if the door were fast shut. "I come on a mission, sir," he said, and paused. "I min glad to see you, Father Heinl rich," Tristram'answered, truthfully. still tile old man's manner did not unbend, and he shook his tonsured head at the chair he was invited to take. "I have a message to you of.a very delicate and important nature," he went on. "It Is from the Convent of the Sacred Island." Tristram hnused to the forehead. Was It possible that- Srary had Induced the priest to be her.messenger? He did not speak, but stood" expectant, waiting what should come next. "From that gracious, good lady, the Mother Superior," Father Helnrich continued. "For word to be sent from the convent. t a stranger outside is un usual, unheard-of. But a sad and ter rible event has taken place on the Island in which, sir, It appears.that `you are. concerned." "Go on,'! Trlstram said, dry-lipped. "It was necessary that in some -way you should be told, lest.you should per- severe In the.course_ which hIasbrought affliction ulion the convent, and must presently bring great scandal. The Mother Superior Is Ignorant of your name. She does not wish to know it. All she knows is that for days a man, a foreigner, presumably stopping in the village, has constantly watched the convent windows from a boat. In a manner of which-she is still Ignorant, he succeeded In communicating with one of the novices, and with unparalleled auda city attempted to violate the sanctity of the convent" last night'by carrying away one of its daughters. When I learnt this I was able to identify the nian, arnd-I am here." "You have more to say, Father Hein rich. bay it quickly." \- "save to tellryu nmat tne Judgment of Heaven has punished your sin and the sin of another, and to command you to leave this place at once, If -our crimne uere known you might be moblbedr--stoned--by an indignant peo ple; who do not suffer their most sacred institutions to be insulted with impu nity. But rather thain scandal should fall upon the Convent of the Sacred Island, on which through many centu ries no breath of: evil has blown, the Mother Superior will keep the secret known only in its entirety to herself, to you, and me-and you will be allowed to go unpunished, save by your own con science, and the knowledge of that which I have still to tell you." "For God's.sake, tell me--don't keep me in suspense!" The words were wrung from Tristram's lips by sheer agony. The priest's eyes had already -told the end ofithe story. "The novice whom .you tempted to break hes: vows oT betrothal to a Hea venly Bridegroom;,has gone to face her Judge." ... :' Tristram sprang al the priest, and, forgetting his age and cloth, grasped him roughly by the shoulder. "Dead!" he exclaimed, fierce with his horror of the word. .'I don't'believe you. It's a lie-the same lie they told her about me. She's not dead-unless there has been murder!" The ruddy face blanched with righteous anger against the man who dared utter such an accusation. "Silence!" Tather Heinrich com manded, with a dignity born of the mo ment. "God spoke, and sentenced His erring handmaiden to death, If you show yourself not only unrepentant, but blasphemous, my lips are sealed. 'You shall learn no details br.: the w'ay In which Heaven's will was shown. If you maintain your self-control, I will tell you the story, as the gracious Superior deign ed 'to tell It to me." .Tristram set his teeth into hlt lip, ani clenched his hands, walitlng. "Soon' after midnight," said the priest, having satisfied himself that his threat had quelled the heretic; "soon after mid night, the Mother Superior heard a knocking. She had been engaged In prayer, but rone, opened the door, and beheld the young Sister IMarie Magda lene, apparently in a half-fainting condi tion, on her knees. She lifted the no vice in her arms, and carrying her into the cell laid her on the bed.., For some time Sister Marie Magdalene was unable to articulate, only pressing her hands, with an esxpression of great suffering over her heart. But when the Superior lhad bathed her face, she -whispereg the word 'Forgive,' and later s5 mn1erei1 some disconnected account of her Inter rupted sin. Feeling herelf overtaken suddenly by Illness, which from its se verity she believed to be mortal, she left her cell, locking the door on the outside, where all the doors of the cells have hieavy bolts and bars. In the passage she fainted, lying there for some time, but roused by a noi&-e in the cell, she knew that her companion In crime must have forced his way In, and dragging her self back to tile door, she implored him to be gone. She then began a painful descent to the cell of the Mother Superl or, where, before any of the holy rites could he administered, she very shortly Fank into a stupor ending in death. May the remembrance of this swift judgment upon you both open your mind and heart to repentance. And now, I command you once srore to go." "I will go when the truth of the Mother Superlor's story Is proved, not before," Tristram said, doggedly. "Ies truth Is proved beyond question by the fact that I have it from her lips." Father Heinrlch anssered, the Indignant blood mottling his kindly old face. "Thfa holy woman, whose long life has been dedicated to good works, offers you mer cy whkch you have not deserved. If you brutally flout it, the best that can happen to you Is being driven with shame andi violence from the coun!ry-whlle I couldl not answer for your life." "Let them try driving me away," sail Triatram, white and desperate, "I shan't die at least until I'm sure of the truth." "I tell you, man, you are as sure asl you will ever be!" cried the priest.ishak en beyond self-control. "The voice of the Mother Superior has spoken. No other echo will ever reach you from the con vent. This is the end. I.have warned you; if you are not out of this village, polluted by your presence, before to morrow morntng, look to your own life. The police will be informed, but even they will hardly protect you from the mob." He flung his ultimatum at the English man from the door. An instant later it had closed behind him. For a long time Tristram stood still. The 'spring of life seemed to have snapped. Ite fought against belief, yet In his heart he did believe the worst. The story was so horribly circumstantial. It followed out In ghastly detail the mys tery begun in darkness in Mary's cell. Wild ideas of reprisal. stormed his brain. Hle thought vaguely of revenge, snatched through appeals to Rome, and to the Austrian throne. It be were idle, he should go mad. lie must set to work. But hosw-and upon what? "O, God! O. God!" he sald aloud, an heard himself speaking, with dim won der. "There are some things to' cruel to be true, evcnin this cruel world. Let this be one of them." Afterwards, there was lto recollection in his mind of how lie left the room and the house, but he appeared to wake from a dream and come back to himself again, by the side of the lake in the dark. Rain was falling, and through a filmy, floating veil of it he could see a light in the con vent church faraway. He.turned from it with a groan, and walked back towards the village. Mechanically, he took the direction of the inn; mechanically, he en tered the half-closed door. Half-way to his own sitting-room, which he would gladly have reached without meeting anyone,-a chair grated on the uncarpeted floor of a room which he had to pass, arr the stout figure of the landlord appeared, black against a lighted background. He had heard the footsteps of the high, well-born one (was the courteous greet ing he gave to his guest), and ventured to inform the noble gentleman that in the kitcheti was waiting a boy of the village. much desiring speech with the English noble. Tristram stared and frowned, too pas sionately absorbed in, his own sorrow to understand half thai the politely-bowing Austrian had said. "Will the high, well-born-Herr see the boy, who says that he has a private and Important message, to be delivered only to himself.!' "Yes, send him In to me." answered Tristram. He did not know what had been said to him or what he had said in return, and:so he was surprised when presently a youth of the tradesman class opened the door of his room, and sheep ishly entered. d"Wp?",o'you come In without knock ing, and what do you want?" Tristram demanded in German, not meaning to speak harshly, hut (standing tall and haggard in front of a hearth where no fire burnt) looking grim and formidable. "If it pleases you, noble lord, I did knock, and you told me to come in," re turned the boy. "I want only to give you a letter which my mother and I have decided must be for you." \- "Is my name en It?" Inquired Tristram, who, at the moment, in forgetting most things save his great trouble, had forgot ten that he had adopted a name not his own, for use in Leux. "There is no name on the letter, gracious sir, but on the outside is written, 'For the artist In the boat. Anyone who finds this and takes It to him will receive money.'" (This last bit of information was impart ed with a sly, sldelong look.) For the first time a gleam of interest and comprehension shone in Tristram's eyes, as if the lamplight had suddenly found and touched them. "For the artist in the boat?" It was to the "artist In the boat" that theMother Superior had sent her message. "Who gave you the letter?" he asked, quickly.. " "Nobody exactly gavie t to me, noble sir. I found It." "Where?". "This afternoon it was my business to take over to the Sacred Island the whekly stores for iny master, the grocer here in the village. I was ferried across, carried up the boxes to the gates, and was run ning down again to the landing place when I kicked against a bill of white paper. I was going to kick it on and on. Into the water, for amusement, when I saw that it wass tied with a torn shred of green silk round a stone. That surprised me, gracious sir, for no one lives on' the Iland, as you know, but the lady nuns. and I did not see why one of them should make up balls of paper to throw over the wall. -So I picked it up, and on the ball was written something. I could not make out what, until I untied the bit of silk. andhad thrown away the stone. Then I smoothed the paper on my hand, and I read the words I-have just told you, noble sir. On-the other side, where the paper was folded over, the edges were fastened together with stitches made in yellow silk. I wondered-more and more, but I would not open the letter, since certainly It was not for me: Instead, I put the paper away in poy pocket, without let ting the boatman see it, and took it home to my mother. She it was who sent me here, for everyone in' Leux knows there is a foreign artist at the inn, who spends all his time in a boat, painting the Con vent of the Sacred Island. My mother cautioned me strictly, sir, that I was not to say a word of my errand to anyone, as It might work great mischief if. people knew that one of the ladies at the con vent had taken this way ofowriting-to a gentleman. But who knows if he is not her brother, says my mother, since she's well enough acquainted with him to be sure he will givemoney? So there can be-no harm in seeing what comes of it. And if you were out, noble sir, I was to wailt till you should come in-which I did." "Her' is what you have been waiting for," said Tristram, pulling a gold piece with the Emperor's head upon It from his pocket. "And here is another of the same sort, to remind you to hold your'tongue. Your mother is a wlse woman. This business is hetween you and me, and no one else. Don't forget." "I won't forget, sir. And thank you." With a self-conscious blush and a desper ate air of getting through a thing that must be done, the boy seized Tristram's reluctant hand, and, according to the in variable custom of the Austrian peasan try after favors received, pressed a moist kiss upon it. Then, laying a crumpled, folded paper on the table; he was gone. SThe blood mounted to Tristram'a head like new wine as he snatched up the let ter (To be Continued.) 