EOHOES AND RE-ECHOES. REVERBERATIONS. [Uy Hugh Kalyptus.J They tell a yarn about a couple of men of-warainen-Jack ashore on the Harlech Castle reception day-which is rather good. One of them had got half seas over, and his mate was carrying kun on his back sticking to a stranded comrade as Bailors always do. . He was a. lieavy weight, and Jacky, who had as much sail as ballast, grunted out-"He says it's Walkerville beer. I calls it Layd'ownville beer. That's what I feel like doing." Lord Kitchener, the silent general, hae paid a high compliment to the Australians in detaining 400 of them for further fight ing-a _ tribute which they will doubtless appreciate from a eoldiej-'e point of view, but Which will hardly appeal to their mothers, and their sisters, and their cou fiius, and their a.unts. Any one who has seen our up-country colonials mustering cattle, droving, and harvesting throughout a blazing djy from early dawn to dewy eve, will understand their value. Hard as nails, all bone, whipcord, and leather, not an ounce of extra flesh on thetn. It is a grand country for training a man fol- ser vice in South Africa. In Cue old Peninsula days English officers were wooit to expa tiate : upon the hardihood . of the Spanish soldiers in marching 40 males 4 dav and then dancing out the evening with the vil lage maidens; but Wapstraw ?will ride or walk 'far 10 or 12 hours under a Mazing euTi; get a fresh horse and gallop 20 miles or fit> po the nearest township to a "ehivoo;" and be back when the magtnes are warbling and the jacks hilarious for his day's graft. Col. Tom Price, who objected to "a dog and ftKtafcey ehow5' of ibis men at Aifoaay on Sunday; with pubs and permits to break the Runday-elosing Act. was very sarcastic over the four-day sandwiches, wanting'a toma hawk to carve them with,* Hasjhe ever experimented upon - a railway bub? A small-boy, offered one to an ostrich at the Zoo/ but. it 'shook ita head meaningly. He passed it on to Miss Siam, and she handled: it with her trunk; and the dull thud of it' as she flung it oyer the tree tops sounded' like a pom-pom shell dropped upon the aw phalt in Mafeking. ' Asking one of our "returned emptied what he thought of Kruger, his reply waiy "He looked like a stout -old eoffeestall keep-4 er with a bad digestion and a pretty good idea' of tfhe quality of his customers. ? "Brains?, . Oh! yes; he's got brains-"too much of them< That s what's the matter with him. ' If he had had more sense and less brains, he wouldn't be a travelling, lecturer without pay. R. S. Smyth ought to make money out of him, if he could only get hold of the old fellow; but Kruger would want the whole show and gate money forjiimself.".' The Belgians are too funuv with their war cry, "Down with the British." They should bank their fires and go slow, or we shall rake up the unpleasant recollection of the snub the Duke of Wellington gave them in the grand crisis of the battle of Waterloo! when they refused to charge, were igno miniously ordered off the field, and galloped back most willingly to Brussels, spreading the report that the British were beaten. The Duke had no use for people who want> ed to be deadheads in . the dress circle. His ghost must have smiled when some years after the battle the Belgians claimed that they had helped to win it-well, Bill Adams won the battle of Waterloo, and so did the Belgian commander who objected to .oppose his light cavalry to the heavy dragoons of Prance. ' , . DOWN WITH THE ENGLISH. :"Do\vn with the English,". that'e the cry That comes from craven throats; Still over all the British flag In triumph freely floats. "Down with the English," is the cry Of nerveless people who Have not the energy to win . Their way as English do. "Down with the English" is the jell Of gutter press and crowd, AVI 10 shout when John Bull's back is turned, But dare not speak aloud. When British soldiers breast the heights, And British bay'nets flash, And British soldiers foot to foot Against the ramparts dash. "Down with the English" rends the air When England's trade expands, And countries badly govcrened see The work of willing hands. "Down with the English" is llio note Of those who take the wall; All effete races, clogged in sloth, Eventually must fall. "Down with the English" is the whine Of nations in decay- / Corruption and misgovernment "It's just their little way." The grand old flag will not go down While British blood is warm. The English and Colonials Can weather any storm. There was a little Irishman once, with any amount of pluck and love of fighting characteristic of his race. He was spoiling for a scrimmage, and yelled out-"Show me th' man that shtruck Buckley; show me him whoiie 1 annoihilate him.' "Begad, it was me," said a big six-footer ?stepping forward. "Ah! well, an' ye did it nate," replied the little gamecock as he slipped back in the crowd. He had discretion with valour, The Belgians who howl down the Brit is.'; had neitner. They certainly had discre tion when they bolted from the field ol Waterloo. 