THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20th. The Season of Festivity. Once again the wheels of time have brought round the Christmas season — an old theme of minstrel and bard of bygone ages, and yet ever new, as its festivities are dwelt on by the poet of the present day, or even by the prosaic modern Press writer. The difference between Christmas in the old country and in Australia has long been a sub ject of comparison, hut the real cause of the divergence of practice is the cli mate. In the northern latitudes it is the depth of winter, and with us, if not the height of summer, getting on that way. Still, there are some features in common between the observance of thp festival In the two hemispheres. We etill stick loyally to the plnm pudding, albeit it is a most unsuitable summer dish, and numbers of families have their Christmas dinner in the middle of the day, when one of the lessons of of the season would certainly seem to be to have it in the cool of the evening. Owing to the shifting and migratory population in these colonies the home ■entiments are not so strong here at Dhriatmas time as in England, and the family does not re-unite with the same regularity every 25th December round ; the hospitable board. The lessons of Christmas are more in number than i me, bnt perhaps the chief is that it beaches ub to cultivate that 11 most ] ncellent gift of charity.” At this time j ire should endeavor to think kindly of i »ch other, and extend oar sympathy } owards those of our fellow creatures I rho require it, taking care, of coarse, j rbete possible, to let practical help and ' aid accompany it. As each Christmas cornea and departs, the fact that a year will soon be gone is forced to onr minds. One poet tells os: When one by one the silent stately years Glide likepile ghosts beyond oar yearning sight, Vainly we stretch onr arms to stay their flight, So soon, so swift, they pass to endless night! We hardly learn to name them. To praise them or to blame them, To know their shadowy faces, Ere we see their empty places! Only once the glad spring greets them, Only once fair enmmer meets them, Only once the autumn glory Telia for them its mystic story. Only once the winter hoary Wears for them its robes of light 1 Years leave their work half done; like men, With sheaves nngathered to their graves they pass. And are forgotten. What they strive to do Lives for a while in memory of a few, Then over all Oblivion’s waters flow— The years are buried in the long ago. This Christmas we are bidden Co take oar last look at the nineteenth century. A wonderful century it has been ; and as we think of the improvements it has witnessed, and the inventions men have sought out for themselves daring its decades, we are almost overwhelmed by the thoughts that crowd on our brains. The century has terminated with two wars—as far as England is concerned—one of which was from the first undervalued, and which has cost the Empire a considerable amount of money, and, ’what is worse, valuable lives. The poet sang the song of the angels, and exclaimed— Oh cease the strife ye men of. war, And hear the angels sing. But alas ! Neither poets, philosophers, nor preachers oan calm the angry pas* sions of individuals or nations when they are aroused, and though the bells chime oat, and the choirs sing of "Peace on earth and Mercy Mild,” the rattle of rifle fire, and the death dealing detonations of machine guns, still sonnd in the Transvaal and China. However, that excellent old gentleman, Dr Watts, has told ns that— Whatever brawls disturb the street, There should be peace at home. And so if Father Christmas cannot banish " grim visaged war” from foreign parts, let ns permit him to exercise his genial influence in onr midst, so that our disagreements may be minimised, and onr common humanity and feeling of fellowship trebly strengthened. The year closes in Victoria with a new Ministry, and let ns, in a charitable Christmas spirit, even if we do not think that the Hon. Sir George Turner has got by any means a strong Cabinet together, agree to give them a 11 show,” and see how they shape after the general and Par liamentary holidays. The Australian Commonwealth will be formally in augurated at noon on the first day of the new centnry, and everything points to a glorious future for the new Nation.. Under its beneficient influences we have everything to gain and nothing to lose from Federation. Victorians can surely hold their ground in any trade fights that may eventuate, and as the Federal tariff will be a universal tariff, it will be a fair field and no favor to us all, without the slightest fiscal ad vantage to any of the colonies. Under such conditions United Australia must prosper. Unfortunately, in the Wan garatta district, the fire fiend has devastated a large area of country, leaving many families in an almost destitute condition. Subscription lists have been opened for their relief, and we hope the appeal will be re sponded to in a Christian spirit. Regarding our own district we have much to be thankful for. BleBsed with a splendid season for the cereal crops and grass, the harvesting and dairying industries have flourished, consequently everyoue has benefitted beyond expectations. We earnestly hope that prosperity will continue to | smile upon not only this district, bat the colony as a whole. To our readers we wish, and in no | mere formal way, the Compliments of j the Season; to those whose family circles are shadowed by a bereavement, or by any trouble of " mind, body, or estate,” we offer our sincere condol ences, while to those who feel sure of a happy holiday, and surrounded by all those near and dear to them, we tender our. congratulations, and to everyone generally we heartily wish A Merry Christmas and A Happy New Year. - Ourselves.—As usual there will be no issue of the Express on the 27th Decem ber, this step being taken to allow our employes to take advantage of the Xmas holidays. Advertisers and others will please note. New Year’s Day Sports.—Matters in connection with theCaledonian Society’s New Year’s Day sports are progressing satisfactorily. A liberal programme has been prepared, especially for the bicyele and other athletic events. A large num ber (if entries have been received, several prominent oyclists and pedestrians having nominated, and the committee anticipate that the first meeting of the new centnry will be the most saooeasfnl for many years. We sinoerely hope so, too. The Hig -land events have been out out almost entirely, but in order to sffnri some amusement for the “braw Scots,” Williamson’s Juvenile Real Party (with Mr Oolin M'Eenzie, as piper) has been engaged for the day. Handicap slips will be posted to competi tors immediately on receipt of starts alloted by handicappera. Acceptances close December 29th. A concert will be held on sports night, and we understand that an excellent programme will be pre sented. Benefit Concert—Mr C S Fredericks’ “benefit,” held on Thursday evening last, was not altogether the success antici pated, a meagre andience greeting the beneficiare and those who so kindly assisted. This Is to be regretted, as Mr Fredericks, daring the years he resided in Tungamah, assisted at almost every per formance held anywhere within the Shire. The programme provided on Thursday night was of the best, and included Capb. Thomas, the whistling ventriloquist. ■j Carpenters, note Mr A. H. Singleton’s advertisement in this issue wherein he in vites tenders for the erection of a store at St. James. St. James Sports.—Tender* are in vited by the committee of these sports for the right of the publican’s booth at the annual gathering on the'29th January, 1901.—See advertisement for particulars. On Holidays.—Mr. J. H. Counsell, manager of the local branch of the Bank of Australasia, has been granted his annual leave, and has taken a crip to Adelaide. He is relieved by Mr Cawser, formerly of Yarrawonga and St. James. Our Calendar —In addition to our usual literary supplement, we publish this morning a calendar for 1901. It will be found an excellent reference for either office or private use, and we trust it will prove acceptable to our readers. Codun Moth.—The authorities of the Agricultural department desire it to be known that under the regulations dealing with the prevention of the codlin moth, it is necessary for owners to keep bandages on their trees between the end of November in each year and the end of April in the following year. For a breach of this regulation persons are liable, for the first offence, to a fine not exceeding 10s, and for a second or subsequent offence a fine not exceeding £5. Owners are required to examine the bandages and trees every three weeks, and in spectors are sent round to see that owners are complying with the regulations. New Wheat.—The first load of this season’s wheat was delivered at Tungamah station at the latter end of last week by Mr H. Saunders, and was purchased by j Mr W. Collins at 2s 4d. Prime samples are quoted at 2s 4$d. | Registration of Dairies.—A bill to amend the provisions of the Health Act relating to the registration of ./dairy men, cow keepers, or purveyors of/milk, has* been introduced in the Legislative As sembly by Mr Murray, Mr Dnfius and Mr M*Arthur. The aot enables municipali ties to make by-laws requiring cow keep- j era and purveyors of milk to register their names with the local council, and to pay a fee not exceeding £1 for each registration. In the amending bill it is proposed that, this fee shall be fixed on a scale calculated according to the number of cows kept by the person registering, provided that in | no case shall the fee exceed £2. In many large dairying districts there is a general desire that the inspection of dairies should be carried out by the municipalities rather than by the Government, and the object of the bill is to enable those councils who desire it to raise additional revenue for that purpose. j The Tea-Plant. — The Minister of Agriculture is sending to India for a supply of seeds of the tea-plant. This should not be necessary, as locally-grown seeds have been procurable (in small quantities, perhaps, only) for a long time past. It must be. nearly 40 years since the late Baron Von Mueller made a plantation of Theaa in the Botanic-gardens. The plants throve well, flowered, and seeded. Fine old examples of tne tea plant may be seen at Berwick, at Mount Martha, and many other places. Old specimens seed freely, but the seeds have not been appreciated, and have gone to waste; sometimes seedlings are found under the parent plants. Imported Beeds do not travel well, and it would be well to Bave the locally-grown seeds, if there is going to be a demand for the plants. While the tea-plant will grow in many parts of Victoria, it is not likely that it will ever be cultivated as an economic plant. Not only is the labour question— the cost of picking the leaves—a difficult one, but our climate is too dry for its successful cultivation. The greater the rainfall, the more humidity there is, the greater the yield of the tea-plant. Irriga tion alone does not furiish the atmospheric moisture which seems to be so necessary for tea growth. Lord Hofetoun. — The Governor General landed in Sydney on Saturday last, when he was accorded a magnificent reception... A great naval demonstration was mada^ and ou the arrival of Lord tHopetounfat the jetty he was ^presented with an address of welcome by Sir.'Wm. Lyne. The Coningham Divorce Case. —The jury in this celebrated case were unable to agree, after twelve hours’ deliberation, when they were discharged. Both the petitioner and the co- respondent stated that they wanted the matter clearly decided, and would not accept a majority verdict. Nothing further can, of course, be done in the matter until some move ment is made on behalf of the petitioner. Meanwhile the co-respondent, Dr. 0‘Haran, who took his customary part in the services of St. Mary’s Cathedral on Sunday, will continue to carry on his duties at the presbytery as private secre tary to Cardinal Moran. The result of the trial will not make the slightest difference in the arrangements at the cathedral. At a meeting of the Catholic laity at Wagga on Sunday the following resolution was carried:—“ That the Catholios of the parish of St. Michael’s, Wagga, after a ealm review of the charges made by the Coninghams, and of the con vincing defence with which he met them, deeply sympathises with Dr. O Haran in the indignities be has suBored, and, in assuring him of their sincere and- entire belief in his innocence, declare that his claim to the respect and confidence of this church remains unshaken.” The petiti oner on Monday stated that he would go on with the case in February. Lawn Tennis.—The return matoh be tween the Sfe. James and Goorambat Tennis Clubs was played on the St. James courts last Saturday in the presenoe of a large number of spectators, and after a very enjoyable afternoon’s tennis the visitors were beaten by 32 games. The scores at the end of the afternoon’s play were:—St. James, 86 games; Goorambat, 52 games. The Goorambat dub is comparatively a new one, nevertheless, soms very good play was shown by its members. During the after noon tea was served by the ladies of the local club, and, needless to say, it was greatly appreciated by all present. Federal Elections.—Sir Frederick Sar good has definitely announced himself as a candidate for election to the Senate in the Federal Parliament. It may be well to point ont that Victoria will have to elect six members of the Federal Senate in addition to 23 members for the Federal Honse of representatives. The eleotion of members to the Senate will be by the electors of Vic toria voting as a whole eaoh iu their respec tive divisions throughout the colony. Dentistry.—Messrs Morgan and Trenery, dentists, will visit St. James, Tnngamah and Yarrawonga every fortnight. Next visits as follow:—St. James, 20th December, 1 to 9 p.m.; Tnngamah, 21st December, 8 a.m. to 12 noon; Yarrawonga, December 21, 2.30 to 9 p.m.—[Advt]. Fancy Goods Emporium.—The popular proprietor of this 'emporium, Mr W. H. Phillips, announces this morning that any thing in the shape of a suitable present for Xmas may be obtained from him at reason able prices. His stock is a large and varied one, and residents will not regret paying him a call. £3 Reward Is offered by Mr F M’Donald, of Tatong Station, Benalla, for information that will lead to the reoovery of two boggy ponies, a description of which appears in our advertising oolmnns. Benalla Licensing Court. — At the Benalla Licensing Court on Tuesday, 11th inst, the following licenses were granted:— Mokoan—John Dempsey, Broken Creek ; Henry Lott, Commercial Hotel, Thoona; G. J.. Bain, Railway, Goorambat; Chas. YVhitechurch, vigneron’s, Thoona; Benjamin Hall, vigneron’s, Goorambat. Dookie—Jane Buchanan, Dookie Hotel; Wm.- S. Night, Farmers’Arms Hotel, Devenish; Margaret Fay, Gladstone hotel,' Dookie ; G. Duncan, Railway hotel, Devenish; Jacob Baryon, vigneron’s, Cosgrove. Miss Mary Porter, of Cato Town, applied for a colonial wine license in Dookie. Mr Archer appeared to support the application. Sub-inspector Kel sall said he knew the premises, and there was oo objection on the put .of the police. Miss Porter said she had rented the pre mises from Mr Dunks, and if she got the license her relations would assist her in the conduct of the business. - The license was granted. Sale of Booths.—The publican's booths in connection with the Tang-amah Cale donian Society’s New Year’s Day sports and the Race Cinb’s annual meeting were sold by Messrs Green, Manning and Co. on Monday last, Mr J. T. Meyer, Royal Hotel, being the purchaser of both rights. The Caledonian booth realized £20 10s, whilst that of the Race Club was knocked down at £15. Mr P. Cornish bought the two fruit and lolly rights—Caledonian, £1 10s 6d; Race Club, 15s. 