BEHIND A VEIL. By MRS. O. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of 'His Grace," "The Secret of the Pearls," "The House hy the Loch," "Queen Sweetheart," "A Man from the Dark," "Fortune's Sport, "The bewspaper Girl. etc. CHAPTER VI.— THE MAN IN THE BOAT. Tristram could sketch a little, and knew that he could produce something on canvas which would at least disarm suspicion in the minds of those who might gather for stolen peeps at the artist's work. He had inquired of the landlord where might be found the most picturesque view of the convent on the rock; but, apparently not satisfied with the information obtained, he set out to walk round the lake. The sheet of water was ralher more than a mile across from shore to shore, longer than It was broad, and the Sacred Island rose as nearly as possible in the centre. As Tristram walked, he set his wits working to answer the one important question: How and where, if at all, would it be practicable for a per son outside the convent to establish secret communication with another shut up Inside? At first the answer was unsatisfactory and discouraging. The high walls that shut In a garden space which on three sides surrounded the convent, could be scaled, no doubt, with a ladder. This, part of the proceeding might be simple enough, for Tristram had brought to Leux a rope ladder, with iron hooks at one end, by which means it could be caught anil held in position, if skilfully flung over a high wall. The venture might be made at night, with little fear of raising alarm; but what could be ac complished by a man who had succeeded in this manoeuvre, unless he knew where to look for the object of his search? How could he tell which of the many small, deep-set windows lighted the cell where Mary Desmond slept? Until he was sure of that it would be useless to make such an attempt, and as it was improbable that he would be able to ascertain, he must think of some other way of estab lishing communication. He did think of many ways, as he tramped round the lake, and, among others, he contemplated bribing some one in the employ of tradesmen privi leged to deliver supplies on the Sacred Island. But such an expedient seemed to him too risky, and) only to be adopted as a last resort. The bourgeois and peasantry in this region were particular ly ardent Roman Catholics, looking up to the good nuns, it was said, with in tense admiration and respect. Even if a man consented to accept a bribe, allow- ing the foreigner to go disguised to the Island in his stead, it would almost cer tainly be only for the purpose of betray ing him, that he might be detected on his arrival at the rock. Then, suspicion aroused, there would be little enough chance of success in a future attempt. So arguing, Tristram walked on and on, his eyes never removed from the con vent, as he saw it from one point of view after another. Suddenly he stopped, and the cloud on his face lifted. On one side, visible for the first time, the rock reared itself perpendicularly to a considerable height, and the grey old building, un- walled at this one angle, overhung the water, its three rows of narrow win dows looking down upon the lake. There were nine of these windows, and as there were said to be sixty-five nuns in the convent, there was exactly one chance out of that number that Mary Desmond's window was of the nine. If It were, and by rowing about the lake in a boat he should ever be fortu nate enough to attract lier attention, she would doubtless guess why he had come, and If she desired to escape, her woman's wit would teach her how to let him know. If she were contented, and really wished to stay, she would also find a way of informing him, and there would, be nothing left for him to do, however j heavy his heart might be, but to leave licr to her fate. "When Tristram had made the circuit of the lake, he returned to the inn, with the beginning of a brightly-colored 1 sketch to show. He wanted to get nearer the convent, he said, for detail in his picture. Could he hire a boat in which to row himself, and keep it by the day? The landlord had a boat which he was willing to let to a stranger, if a deposit were paid in advance, in case of acci dents, and Tristram agreed to the terms, haggling over them just enough not to seem too eager. It was iate in the after noon by the time this arrangement was made, and twilight would soon be fall ing, as the landlord officiously remarked. But Tristram explained that his object in setting forth that evening was to choose a convenient place for beginning work next day, that no time might be wasted in the morning. He rowed as near as he dared to the island, and when he arrived under the shadow of the rocky wall overhanging the water, he unshipped his oars and let himself float. By-and-bye! a silvery peal, as of fairy bells, iang softly through 'the falling dusk, and Tristram knew that the Office of Vespers must be beginning. Later, the poignant sweetness of women's voices mingling In a hymn of praise smote his ears, and stirred his pulse with the thought that Mary's might be among them. Gnce or twice he fancied that some-, thing white flitted across the dark screen of a window, pale and swift as a ghost, but the curtain of night, embroidered with stars, was unfolding over the lake, and there was no longer any certainty of vision. He had to row back to the shore disappointed, yet not discouraged; and, breakfasting at dawn, he was again in his boat while the water still gleamed with all the mother o pearl tints of sun rise. Once more he heard voices singing, but he saw nothing save now and then a flash of white behind the bars of a win dow, gone as quickly as sunlight on the swooping wing of a gull. He had fixed his easel in the flat- bot tomed clumsy boat now, and was making a pretence of painting which might de ceive any of the Sisters, save one. She would know, If she saw him there, for lie had ventured to draw near enough for recognition to be possible. He had brought out his luncheon also, which he ostentationsly ate about noon, and then assiduously took up work again. All day long his nerves twanged like the strings of a violin that is out of tune; for, at any moment might he not receive a signal from one of those dark, barred loop holes? He did not give up hope till evening; and when the sky was pink and gold in the east next day, he was stolidly In his place again. The easel was so fixed that he could sit facing the convent windows, and for each stroke of the brush he raised his eyes. The sun lit up the three lines of windows on the exposed angle he had chosen, turning them to topazes set in the dark stone. Suddenly, the brilliancy was struck out in one, the furthest to the left of the lowest row of three. The sash had been thrown open, and a white figure stood clearly revealed against a dusky background. For a moment it remained, then melted from sight. Tris tram's heart leaped, for it had not moved deliberately away, but had swayed from side to side, and then abruptly disap peared, as If falling. To Mary Desmond, the months of her novitiate had been like years. Be. fore she had entered the convent, she had looked forward to things which would happen next week, next month, next year. Now she did not look beyond the day. One more day to be got through; It was useless to think of others, for where all were alike, the fu ture must be as a book that has been read. 'At first ebe had waked up often, darkness of her cell, fresh lrom ' fiotge dream more real than realities, were now, and she had forgotten the! present. To remember suddenly was like a fajd from Heaven to Hades, a horror tihbear-; able, not to lie faced. But she had had to face it, and by-and-bye, the faint stir rings of hope that were part of youth- ' stirrings which bad whispered vague hints that changes must come, that something dim, yet sweet, must he waiting round tlie corner of to-morrow; — had died into a dull silence. .4 Whatever the monotony of ^exis tence here, there was little al lurement for the unhappy girl in the world she had left. Bbs had loved a man, and he had died for her. So miserable was her failure, thai' she had scarcely known she loved him until too late. Even such recollections as some women who have loved and lost might cherish were denied to her. The rose garden of her heart had been killed by the frost before it had ceased to bud. No one wanted her, no one in the world. It was better that she stayed here, and! prayed for him she had loved (there could be 110 wrong In that, since he was dead) and for her sins; somehow the years would pass, and perhaps she would not live to be old. ' The Convent of the Sacred Island was the oldest of the order in existence. When almost every religious house In Europe had been destroyed or disor ganised during the days of the French! Revolution, and the Napoleonic wars which followed, the nuns of Saint Eber- hard on the Sacred Island had been un molested. Their rules, as old as the Crusaders, were even more severe than those of the Barefoot Carmelites, or the Bernardine - Benedictines. The regu lations which governed the lives of the novices were more exacting than those observed by the Sisters who had taken the final vows In most orders. Though no novice had ever returned from the Sacred Island,, to the world and told the story, some myster ious whisper, like a wave of sound, had gone echoing far and wide its warning. 'Still there was never any lack of novices. For generations the number of high-born women (for they, were all high-born, save the few ser vant-Sisters) in the convent had not dropped below sixty or sixty- five. But Mary was the youngest novice who had come to the Island within the memory, of the oldest living nun. Though no. widows were admitted to the. fold, most of the sisters were weary and world- worn before they sought sanctuary on. the rock. Yet Mary's youth gave her. no abatement of the heavy price which every novice must pay. She slept in a cell scarcely larger than the wardrobe where she once had kept her pretty dresses. Her new name was written on the door, as were the names Of other novices, in tlint nine nf fh» convent which faced away from the village of Leux, and hung high over the lake. The novices were housed in this part of the building lest — being yet scarce so spiritually-minded as the old er Sisters — tliey should see the dwelling places of worldlings, and thus be tempted sinfully to sigh for the life they, had resigned. Their windows were barred, that should the Father of Lies put the desire for self-murder into their flagging .hearts, they might not be able to gratify it by a leap into the water, where the little crawling waves gnawed the rocks far below, like the white teeth of rats. Mary was waked from her first sleep of weariness at one o'clock in the morn ing, when it was her duty to read her breviary and chant matins till three. On Fridays she wore a haircloth gar ment next to ner skin under the white serge dress with flowing sleeves, peculiar to the Sisters of Saint Eberhard. On this day also, once in every three weeks, in turn with the other novices, she must perform the "Reparation," a prayer for. all the sins she committed on earth. For, six hours she must reiR&ki; uppn-ier; knees, or, if her strength gave way, Re upon her face with crossed arms on the cold floor of stone, before the Holy Sac rament. When she had taken her final vows, at the end of her two years'- novitiate, she knew that this time of prayer would be increased to twelve consecutive hours. Always one nun of the .Order knelt, or lay, praying before the Sacrament, for that was the Per petual Adoration. Never once had. the custom been broken since the convent was established. This was proved by, the records, sacredly kept since the. be ginning. Nothing could Mary call her own, not even the white serge garment which; she wore by day,, or" the coarse cotton one that clothed her by night as she., lay on her hard bed of straw, shlveringi under her one thin blanket Everything; was In common and must be spoken of as "ours." No one came to the convent save the! priests appointed by the Archbishop, of the Diocese or the Archbishop him self — 'an event of rare occurrence. If a' nun died her death was announced tof her friends through one of these priests While she lived no hews of her doings, reached them. They were to take for granted that she was content, but her thoughts were no longer of them but of Heaven, save !n the hours of prayer. When she died she was burieJ in ' the vaults- under the -convent; foft which privilege special permission haejj been obtained by the Order. '< Mary Desmond's, one pleasure was singing in the convent . church twice aj day. When 'it.wap. iscqYered that' shq possessed a' cohtrMtolbick -oiL-greatl flexibility and beauty, thrilllngly- pathi e'tlc, almost "tragic "in tbe"_yearnlng sad-, ness or certain fcqtes, " bhe wah giveff' solos to sing. The cholr'where she stood WM'shut; off from thVtobdybfthe church toy a carved lattice of oak and thick drapery of purple curtains ten feet high. During sermon, when the priest preached in the chapel, though he was divided from them by the cur tains so that he could neither see their- faces, nor they his, the nuns and nov ices lowered their long white veils. No one ever had speech with him or sight of him save the Mother Superior, who had once been Princess of a semi-Royal house. Bo one day told another, with Mary Desmond, until at last she lost count of their passing. She knew when Fri day came, because it "was more trying than its fellows. She knew When Sunday came, because the austerities were then slightly mitigated, and it was permitted to speak, though, not of temporal things unless imperative necessity arose. But she did not know to a week or a month when it was that she liad entered the convent to take the preliminary vows of her novitiate. One Sunday morning, when she had thus lost track of events, a sister novice whispered to her in passing to their pells from matins: "Have you seen the boat' which for two days— more, it may be, for all that I can tell— has been on the water under our windows, all day long from dawn till nightfall?" "No," answered Mary, listlessly, "I have not seen it. From my room, in the lower story, I can scarcely see the water near to the. rocks. But we are talking of forbidden things." "It only means a penance," said Bister Anna Theresa, who was but two or three years past twenty, and the young est novice next to Mary.- "My window is in the story above yours, and I can see closer to the rocks than you. There is a man in the boat, a young man, who paints and looks up at our windows, paints and looks up' again. No doubt it is a sin to watch him, and if any of the Sisters or our Mother knew that he looked at the windows continually I can't think what they would do. They Will find out presently, and then we shall see. At least it will he an excite- ment.He is a very handsome youngman, dark, with splendid bold features, that one sees like- a cameo, if he turns his profile for a. moment. He sits with his hat off sometimes, and he has curly short hair, brown, with a little vein of gold running through it and his eyes are big and dark. It is a year and a half since I saw a man before." Mary had not listened with interest at first. She knew now that. she had no vocation for the convent, hut she had chosen it and it must be made the best of; therefore, she was conscientiously trying to spiritualise her mind. She went bravely through the daily aus terities, hoping that they were really of benefit to her soul, and she never wil fully disregarded a rule, so that she had not cared to encourage the other's .idle chatter. But when her sister novice began drawing, as best she knew how, a word-psrtrait of the man who sat in the boat, looking up at the grated win dows of the convent cells, her heart be gan to beat faster than it had for many a long day. If George Tristram were not dead and in his grave the descrip tion might have served for him. She did not speak, but a bright flame of color burnt suddenly on the white- rose pallor of her cheeks. The other saw it. "Come up to my—window and look out," site said. "If we hurry no one Will know, -or it's not a big enough sin to confess." It was on Mary's lips to say that if she went she would make no secret of her going; but she remembered that to Incriminate herself would be to incrim inate her companion. "Thank you, but I won't "she be gan, and then stopped abruptly, biting \- Jier lip. It seemed as if something with in her urged her to look at the man in the boat and would not be denied. .Tristram was dead, but if this man was really like him, even ever so little like him, it would he a memory to keep. "I will go to your window," she said, and7 the two white, slim figures of the youngest novices in the convent flitted like hurrying ghosts through dim cor ridors, up the stone stairway, and to the floor of the elder girl's cell. They pushed the bed under the win dow and stood upon it, for this was necessary to see the lake. Then Mary's face, pale, beautiful, eager, and the 'other face, less lovely, but as eager, iwere pressed against the gratings of 'the little window. After the first glance \ the owner of the cell moved away, for j la look in Mary's eyes introduced her, | iwith a swift, half -jealous, half-ecstatic ' pang, into the midst of a romance. This Iwas not the fitst time that Sister Marie Magdalene had seen the dark, hand some artist in the boat! Apd then, as If to make assurance doubly sure. Sis ter Marie Magdalene had given a cry and fallen back in a dead faint. It was forbidden for the novices to visit lone another in the cells, and if this act of disobedience were known the conse quences would he serious even if the „ pbject of the visit were not discovered, course, it would be very wrong not to confess; but Sister Anna Theresa did not mean to confess, and die did not wish to toe found out, which would he worse. She, therefore, beirjg stronger and larger than her friend, took Sister Marie Magda lene up in her arms, and, panting, but determined, carried her away. By great kood fortune, no one was in sight, for on Sundays the novices were allowed to re turn to their dormitory cells for. an hour's Bleep, if they chose, after matins, Every-' one .bad apparently so chosen to-day, and Sister A'nha Theresa deposited the slender little form of the younger novice (far lighter, far more slender even than it had been three months ago) in the cell on the lower floor, with Sister Marie Magda lene's name pn the door, and her motto "Adoremus in aeterniim." There she left her on- the hard, narrow bed, and hastened back to her own quar ters. The man in the boat was doubly interesting now, for he was not a mere artist painting the convent into his picture — he was a hero of romance — a romance which could only end as a tragedy. There was no doubt that he had come to this lone ly place for a .last look at an adored face. He had seen the face, even as his had been seen by the beloved eyes. What would he do now? Sister Anna Theresa peered through the gratings with throbbing pulses. Man and boat were gone. Her heart sank under a weight of dis appointment, for she" had not wanted the one excitement which had come in her way in eighteen months to end so abruptly. She was thrilled by the magic of the romance, but her " vivid enjoy ment of it was embittered by the thought that it was for another, not for her. If only the handsome artist had come haunting the lake like a restless spirit for her sake, instead of Sister Marie Magdalene's! She would not have lost the experience for anything, but the more her mind dwelt upon it, the more she was inclined to wish that after all, she had not called in her sis ter novice. The man had gone away, and now that he had accomplished his object, seeing the face of the lost one, it was probable that he would not come again, for fear his constant presence might be observed, and Sister Marie Magdalene brought into disgrace with the Mother. Sister Anna Theresa had only spoken to the younger girl because she was the latest comer into the con vent, arid with her warm young blood still unchilled by grey years of self- repression, was more likely tban any other to lend herself to a tempting irregularity. The older girl was of a jealous dis position, and she had left the world be cause she had been jilted for another woman by an Indifferent lover who had , coveted her money, until he found ' himself unable to endure Iter suspic- ! ious temper. During all her life as a.: young woman in Austrian society, she | had seen other girls, more beautiful, , more brilliant, preferred lo herself by J men whom she would have been glad j to attract, and the breaking of solemn . betrothal had been the last drop in her cup of grievance against mankind. Her ' faithless lover had been married on the very day she had entered the convent. | She often bitterly reflected that he | was not likely to waste many thoughts upon her, in the midst of his new hap piness; while, as for repenting the step which had driven her to a nunnery, she believed that her retirement had act ually been a relief to him. Yet here was Sister Marie Magdalene with _a lover who still adored her, and wiio could not rest because of the fire which consumed his heart! How exquisitely romantic it was that he should have followed the girl he loved to her living grave, craving the one boon that could be granted to him— a sight of her face. How exquisite, yet how the old, vene- mous jealousy began to stir like a ser pent that had slept coiled up through the winter cold, to wake with the first warmth of spring. As yet, there was no actively mali cious purpose in Sister Anna Theresa's mind, but she felt vaguely cheated and thwarted. It was nearly two years since she had come to the convent on the rock and in a fewT more months she would take the final vows. The chains of habit held her in a kind of false contentment now (which was mo more than dull resignation), and she had no conscious desire to go out again into society's market, where she had been humiliated by her failures. Even if she had wished it, she knew well enough that it would be as difficult as to move the world by means of a lever, and she was not of the strong, courageous nature to tilt against impossibilities In a wild hope of subduing them. But she nevertheless grudged Mary Desmond (whom she only knew as Sister Marie Magdalene), the year and more she would have of comparative freedom. And never had she grudged it so deeply as she had to-day. "If I see her neglecting her prayers, and thinking too much of this man (for It will be that, and nothing else that will disturb her mind)," soliloquised Sis ter Anna Theresa, "it may be that I shall have conscientious scruples against further concealment. Confess ion might then be an imperative duty, whatever punishment for my part in the transgression I should bring upon myself." When Mary awoke to consciousness again, for a moment all was blank. She thought that she had overslept, and was starting up in guilty haste, when, in a revealing flash, she remembered every thing, and knew that Father Augustin had lied to her. George Tristram was not dead, and there had been deathless love, strong as the barriers that divided them, in the face that looked up lo her from the water. Passionate revolt rose in her heart, like a storm over a sea that has lain becalmed, and beat with her blood. . "They lied! They lied!" she uttered aloud, and the stone walls seemed to fling the wordd back at her mocBnglyr" "If they had not told me 1 ha<.dlled him, I would; never have buried myself here. But it's not too late yet. I havetfftaken the final' vows, And now— I never will." J. ' She rose from her hed, feeling strong and brave, and "almost happy. He was alive; he loved her. And their lives should not be spoilt for a lie. (To be continued.) 