[All Rights Reserved.] [PUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT.) THE MYSTERY OF THE DARK HOUSE. By "RITA," Author of "Peg the Rake," "Kitty the Rag," "Two Bad Blue Eyes," "A Woman In It," "Darby and Joan," "The Grinding Mills of God," "A Daughter of the People," "A Husband of No Importance," etc., etc. (COPYRIGHT.) CHAPTER XXXVI.—EXTRACTS COPIED FROM THE JOURNAL OF URSULA PENHARVA. March 6th, 1844.—Seventeen to-day, and they kept my birthday for me in right good style at Penharva. It was my grandfather's wish, and that was ever law to my mother, who was a timorous body, add stood in great awe of her husband's family. I wore a new silk gown, and we drove away from St. Just in a chariot and pair, my mother and I, while my father rode at our side for company. The morning was fine and bright with the coming of spring, and full of scents and sweetness. I envied my father on his horse. I would have loved to ride, too; but my little mare had been left behind, because, for sooth, I must be dressed in fine gown and hat and feathers to do honour to the day and meet my cousin John Penharva from. Truro, with whom I am to make a match one of these days. So my mother has hinted, and having been brought up in duty and obedience I listen demurely, and say nothing. For indeed I have little wish to be married. I think girlhood should be free and happy, and have space and time for study and for judgment be- fore it is given away to a man's keep- ing, and burdened with other cares. Still I do not speak such things even to my mother—good patient soul, who has, I confess here, little will of her own, and no riotous imagination, such as rules me at times, and makes me a wild, rebellious maid whom none may rule or check, save perhaps my grand- father. * * * * * * We are to stay the night at Pen- harva. There is to be a lot of com- pany in the evening, and I hear that my cousin John has brought a friend with him from London. I have spent a most pleasant even- ing. I will just write of it before I go to bed. I have little inclination for sleep. I have seen Cousin John's friend. He is a fine tall young man, with hand- some face and black sparkling eyes. We danced together several times, and he said many pretty things of my light foot and gracefulness of figure. (I fear these London gentlemen are sad flatterers, for what could an ignorant country girl like myself know of man- ners?) I blushed and stammered when he spoke to me, but I danced with him whenever he asked, for Cousin John is heavy and clumsy, and I found him by no means so entertaining as his friend. * * * * * * March 8th.—Home again. I feel tired and out of spirits after so much gaiety. We stayed all day yesterday at my grandfather's request, and went out on the sea and walked to the Logan stone in the afternoon. I was not at all tired. Yet to-day I feel heavy of limb and heart, and care for nothing. My mother has been busy scolding the maids, who it appears have done no- thing right in our absence. I wandered out in the garden and thought of Cousin John, good, stupid, honest youth. He is to pay us a visit at midsummer. I wish——. I was going to write something fool- ish. What could have put into my head that a fine London gentleman would ever care to stay in our dull West Country? I cannot tell for the life of me! * * * * * * May 1st.—What made me begin to keep a journal? Perhaps it was read- ing Clarissa in my grandfather's library. I have been much at Pen- harva of late. The old man has been ill and strange, and would have me with him to read and talk or play at picquet. He loves me in his way, but it is a somewhat trying way. I must do all he wants, and have no will nor opinion of my own. * * * * * * May 5th.—Great sorrow and misfor- tune have befallen us. I was recalled to my own home yesterday. My dear father had been thrown from his horse and killed on the spot. No one knows how it happened, whether Crab Apple stumbled or took fright. My poor father was picked up by a farming man near the mine of Balleswidden. He may have been cantering over the downs near that strange circle of stones, nineteen in number, whose his- tory is unknown. My mother is dis- traught with grief. I feel too dazed and pained for much show of sorrow. We fear that the shock of his son's death will have a disastrous effect on my grandfather. His mind is already much impaired, and his moods get stranger every day. * * * * * * May 20th.—At Penharva. My mother and I are staying here. The old man would have me, and I would not leave her. We laid my dear father to rest in the old churchyard, where many a generation of the family lie buried. My mother tells me that owing to this I may be the heiress of my grandfather. It is therefore probable that they will urge me to marry my cousin, John Penharva. In this manner the name and the property will be kept together. I cannot but confess here, and to my own heart, that the idea does not please me. I have nought but cousinly af- fection for John Penharva. I do not wish to be his wife. I do not tell my grandfather this. It would vex him, and in his frail condition that would be scarcely kind. The old house is very melancholy. My bedchamber is in the oldest part of it, and the casements look out on the kitchen garden and orchard, and all the fields of corn and rye now wav- ing green and beautiful in the warm sunshine. The front of the house faces the sea, but is sunk too deep in the hollow of the cliff to allow of more than the sound of it. And weird and melancholy it is in time of storm, such as our coast knows. How I miss my dear father. He was cheery, and full of good humour and good spirits. My mother is ever weeping and melancholy,and my grand- father full of strange fancies and cranks. They say we Penharvas al- ways get crazed as we grow old. If that is so, I am glad my dear father died in his prime, for it would have broken my heart to see him thus. I fancy the old house accounts for it. It is full of mystery and gloom, of weird sounds and shadows. They say it is haunted, but of that I am sup- posed to know nothing. Yet I doubt if any ghost would frighten me. I I am not timorous or weak like my mother. And if I met some long- passed-away ancestor on ancestress in these gloomy corridors I should but feel a curious and intense interest in their reasons for revisiting Penharva. I would dearly love to question such a ghost. * * * * * * June 1st.—I have made a strange dis- covery. The maids were engaged in clean- ing and arranging my bedchamber this a morning. It necessitated the moving of the great mahogany four-poster from its place, and once moved I bade them leave in its new position facing the window, thus allowing me some chance glimpse of morning sun and waving trees in the grounds beyond. This afternoon, while my grandfather slept, I went up to my newly-arranged chamber to inspect its alterations. The gardener had cut away a good portion of the screening creepers. The window stood wide open to the sweet fresh air. Curtains of bright chintz framed it on either side, matching those of the bedstead, from which the old, heavy moreen had been removed. The old chairs had been beeswaxed and polished, and the same chintz covered their faded cushions. My writing- table stood under a bookshelf, well filled with my own cherished volumes of Scott, and Milton, and Jane Aus- ten, and Mrs. Gaskell, mostly presents from my father. The room looks transformed, and I feel quite pleased with it. The new position of the bedstead left a portion of the high panelled wainscot revealed. On this hung a picture. I approached it in order to see what it represented. It was a portrait of an ancient dame. Some Penharva ancestress. I make no doubt. It did not interest me, and I turned away. I made a few alterations in the arrangement of the furniture then took a book and seated myself on the wide old window seat, and gave myself up to a quiet hour, with "Mar- mion" and "The Lady of the Lake" for company. Now, whether it was the continuous monotony of the metre (for Scott rarely varies) or the slumberous warmth of the air, or the soothing drone of the bees in the garden be- yond, any or all of these, I cannot tell but gradually my eyes closed and I fell asleep. What is more, I dreamt a dream. So strange and weird it was that I started up, rubbing my eyes and gazing at the wall, as if what had happened was real. It seemed to me that I was looking at the old lady in the picture. As I looked she stepped out of the frame and stood by the wall; more, the open space left by her departure from the frame seemed to widen and deepen un- til a great cavity showed itself. She turned and looked at me, and pointed to this cavity, and impelled by curiosity I left my seat and went over to her. She pointed with one hand into the dark hollow, and I stood on tip-toe and looked in. I saw to my surprise a narrow stair- way of stone. It was dark and wind- ing. I could not see its direction or its length. In spite of the darkness I saw it, and yet that did not appear strange. Full of wonder, I turned to the old lady to ask her what this meant, and awoke. So vivid and so real it had been that I remained, for several minutes staring at the portrait and the wall. I felt half inclined to approach and try the panel for myself, but the striking of a clock reminded me it was the hour to drink tea in my grandfather's room, and I resolved to defer my investiga- tions till I was at liberty. * * * * * * June 2nd.—I could not get that strange dream, or rather vision, out of my head. I have written it in my journal so that I may remember it in the future. After all there is nothing so very strange in the existence of a secret stairway in such an ancient house as Penharva. Doubtless it has histories and tragedies of Cromwell's time and long before, of political intrigues, wan- derers and exiles from court favours. Its very position marks it for secrecy and stronghold combined. No, there was nothing singular in hiding-place or refuge connected with its seventeenth century history, but the method of my discovery impressed me all the same. When I went to bed I lit my two wax candles and approached the por- trait, holding them so as to get a good view of the face. It suddenly struck me that it bore a great resemblance to myself. True, the hair was white and se- verely banded under a Puritan-like cap, but the colour of the eyes, the fea- tures, the long throat, all of these were characteiistics of my own. I gazed long and earnestly at the portrait, and the more I gazed the more I seemed to see myself at some future period of time, the living counterpart of this an- cestress. "I must learn her history," I told myself; and, turning from her face to the panel, I began the scrutiny on which I had determined. I searched in vain for opening or crack. What ever lay behind it was well guarded and well concealed. "Madam must tell me herself how to discover this seeming stairway," I said half aloud, and my voice struck strangely on the silence, it seemed to me. I went to bed, and the dream re- peated itself. 