DR. REDWOOD'S ' SERMON. EEPLY B? VERY REV. DEAN MARRIOTT. In oonneotion with the sermon preaohed by Dr. Redwood, on the oooosion of the dedioation of St. Mary's Cathedral, a fort night ago, the Very Rev. Dean Marriott, in pursuance) of notice, last night delivered an address in reDlv in All Saints' Cathedral. basing his remarks on the text — ' If it be possible, as mnoh as in you lioth, live peaoably with all men. — Romans xii, 18.' He said he felt in addressing his congregation that he laboured under grave respon sibility, beoause - while he earnestly desired to speak in the spirit of the text, at the same time he would have to refer to a matter thoroughly ^antagonistic thereto. He asked for the aid of God's Holy Spirit to guide him in his deliverance, and prayed that graoe would bo given his hearers to reoeivo it in the proper spirit. Peace and good will was the genesis of the Gospel, and when their blessed Lord plaood before Hia hearers the grounds of true religion he said, ' Blessed are the peace makers.' St. Paul was ever mindful of this, and in bis writing frequently referred to it. It was in this spirit that he wrote to the Romans. He had had experiences in life and knew that it would be im possible to have peaoe at any prioe. Those who had peace at any price would very soon have no peaoe at all. It was not in aooord ance with the spirit of God that wo should 'Baorifioe truth and honor for the sake of peaoe. To do this was to saorifioo every thing that was good as well as one's self respeot. ^ Much as peace was desirable and neoessary, yet it was their duty to stand up for truth and honor. They were commanded to oontend earnestly for the faith, and they should retain it in its entirety and purity. This was the bounden duty of every follower of Ohrist. When occasion arose it was their duty to oontend for the faith onoe delivered to the saints, Truths have been communi cated to men beoause they were necessary for their salvation. The fundamental truth was delivered by God to Israel, whqn He said there was one God, thus. showing that their religion was different to that of other nations who worshipped gods many and' IordB many. There were many other truths taught, and it was necessary to oonfess Ohrist before men. The truths committed to the Ohuroh should be in the minds of the members, and if ocoasion required, they should oontend for the faith delivered to the saints. These truths went to form the oharaoter and regulate the conditions of men. If a man hod the right faith he would prao tioe right, and his conduct would be in con formity to truth. While God had given truths for our guidance and instruction, it was equally true that men had put different constructions on them. This had given rise to acrimonious disputation and personal persecution. Things had beep done in the name of Christianity whioh were altogether at varianoe with it, and naturally the question was asked — What is truth ? Where should they go for the standard ? The Protestant Church answered this enquiry by referring to the faith delivered to the Saints by God, and whioh was based on the Holy Bible. They were taught to believe nothing except it was based on the truth of the Holy Scriptures. The was no other standard relied on, as no man or body of men was infallible. Anything given by men was liable to misconstruction, and therefore they must go to the Bible as the final oourt of appeal. It might be said that those who read the Bible and believed in it oame to different conclusions. This was the oa8e, but he contended thai it was better to have misconoeption and differences of opinion through this rather than aocept the un warrantable authority of man, who would lay burdens on other men. No man would receive faith by foroe, and it was impossible to compel men to beoome religious, This course had often been tried in the past and lives had been sacrificed beoause persons would not acoept the teaching of what others said was religion. It was a grave mistake for those who propagated religion to enforce their teaohing with the sword or by persecution. This was a matter between the man and his Maker. He asked what was the oonduot of the Ohuroh of Rome ? Thev^ formed first one dogma and then another, ohief amongst whioh were the Infallibility of the Pope and the Immaculate Conception. They did not point to the Word of God and try to lead by its teaohing, but they laid down an iron rule, and sought to enforoe its belief. In the past ages this beoame a burden on the people greater than they could bear, and oaused unrest in England. Wyoliffe and others believing that this religion was not in accordance with Divine Revelation, mado attempts to free the minds of men from this iron despotism, and this led to an upheaval, followed by the great Reformation. No doubt some unwise things wore done by the Reformers, but in a general way grand and noble work was done in delivering men from the galling bondage under whioh they wore living, and enabling them to throw off the inoubus whioh it was impossible for them to bear while the Ohuroh of Rome had sway. As a result of the refor mation a more soripturol religion was taught, and a nobler condition of things was brought into existence. Through Protest antism the nation enjoyed many of the bless ings of to-day and she was in the van of progress. He believed that in the Ohuroh of Rome many God-fearing people were found, and it was surprising that any ecalesiastic or other teaoher would say — or rather, have caused to be printed — sentiments suoh as thoBe by Dr. Redwood. Amongst other things Dr. Redwood said that the leaders of Pro testantism were notorious for thoir vices. He — the Dean — would venture to say this y~wa3 not in acaordanoo with history and truth. He would not say that Luther was faultless, , but he was a man of saintly life, and it was ' a vile calumny for any man to say he was notorious for his vioos. Ho was a man of exoitablo disposition and might have been intemperate in spoeoh at times, but his lifo and oharaoter would boar favorable compari son with that of any man in his day, or at the presont time. It was most unboconaiug for any man to say what Dr, Rodwood had said about this noble pioneor of light and liberty. Dr. Redwood also said that Pro testanism had covorod Europo with blood and ruin during tho 16th century and had been the worst foo to Christianity. To say such a thing the man's mind must havo been turned upside down. Ho would have boon nearer fho truth if he had said that during the 16th oentury the blood of Protestants had been shed like water in England, and that their property had been laid waste through the proseoutlon of Rome, who in a very short time had oausod many lives to be saorifiaod because they stood firmly to the teachings of the Reformation. It was the Ohuroh of Rome whioh had shed the blood of the Protestants, He did not deny that the Protestants had shed blood, but this was in retaliation, and ho would not hold them blameless for this, Anyone to road the history of the Netherlands and Germany oould see how the iron heel of Romanism was put on the nook of the people, and the blood of Pro testants was shoci like water. Tho state ment by Dr. Redwood was a libel, and was not in aooordanoo with truth. Dr. Rodwood had also said that 'Protestantism desecrated the homo, it polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devas tated the school, and stopped the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek schismatics have shown that the aotion of the Holy Ghost is with them.' This statement was as untrue as the rest. Ho could not use .a milder term. Woman had been raised through the influenoe of Protestantism, and the wives and daughters of Protestants were not called upon to make Qurioular confession, and to be placed in conditions of danger. It was only neoessary to refer to circumstances whioh had recently oaourred in New Zealand in connec tion with a Roman Catholic Orphanage to see some of the praotioes indulged in by that Ohuroh. Suoh revelations made a man blush to rood. One thing that Protestantism taught was to honor and respeot woman. As to the question of education, that had mado greater strides in Protestant nations than any other. These nations were also in the forefront in scientific researches and theology. With suoh faota before them, how could any man dare to say that Protestantism barred the way to progress ? This being the oaso, he asked, what should their attitude bo towards the Ohuroh of Rome as oompared with their attitude to Protestantism. With regard to the Romish Ohuroh he had been laboring under a delu sion from whioh he had had a sad awakening by the remarks of Dr. Redwood. He had thought that the ohuroh was improving and becoming more tolerant, that her dogmas were more modified and that there was a more liberal ? spirit abroad ; but when they heard a ohosen exponent of the Ohuroh giving utterance to suoh statements it showed that the spirit of intoleranoe was as great as ever and that the spirit of persecution was still as alive as before the Reformation. No man oould speak as Dr. Redwood had spoken about Protestants without having a desire to ex terminate them. Suoh statements did harm in every direction, and it was only logical to conolude that if those who believed them had a chanoe they would send Protestants to hell straight away. This being the attitude of the Romish Ohuroh to Protestantism what Bhould their attitude be in return ? He asked if it was a politio thing for the Gov ernor of the colony, who professed to be a member o£ theGhurohof England, and he be lieved that he was, to take part in celebrating Holy Mass in the Roman Catholic Ohuroh ? He regretted that a man with so many good points should have been so mistaken in his oonduot. There were othors who accom panied him who should also have known better. If they were Protestants and did not beliove in Romish praotises it was rank hypoorisy for them to attend their religious sesvioes. They only went for the purpose of currying favor with them, and seeking their support and vote at some future eleo tion. They need not think suoh practises would help them, for the Romanists could see through their motives, and would treat thorn as turnaoats and use them accordingly. Let those who believe in its teaohing go to the Romish Ohuch, but lot no true Protestant take part in their services. It had become almost a general praotice for Protestants to send their children to Roman Oatholio seminarios and colleges for in struotiqn. They were told that religion was not taught thoir ohildren, and were assured that no effort was made to proselytiso, but it was impossible to avoid this, and if the toaohers were oapable (as ho knew they were) they could not fail to exeroise influence over the Protestant ohildren and thus undermine their principles. If Protestant parents wore consistent they would send their child ron where God's truth was taught, and not Romish dootrine. There was ample provision made for this. While thus speaking his mind with regard to Dr. Rodwood, ho would make some remarks whioh might appear contradictory. He had lived in Bathurst nearly twenty years, and had frequently had the demonstration of the truth that man was often bettor than hia creed. Man was taught certain dogmas and trutha as a result of the oreed into whioh he was born, but after ho had mixed with his fellows he often showed a better side of his oharaotor. Thu3 it was that many Roman Oatholios wore better than their creed. It was the kindly bearing of some of those whom he had met in Bathurst and elsewhere whioh had led him to believe ohat Romanism was improving, and ho was sorry to have had this rude awakening. Speaking of Bishop Byrne, he said he had found him kind-hearted, oourfcly and gentlemanly in his conduct. He had always shown a Ohrist-liko spirit to all. He was only one of many belonging to the Ohurch whom ho had mot in Bathurat. He hoped that after these unwfso, untrue state ments to whioh he had referred thoro would bo no laok of this same Ohrist-like bohavour on the part of those he know. His desire, and tho dosiro of all true Protestants, was to livo peaoeably with ' all men. Thoy did not wish to impose or force thoir views on tho Roman Oatholios. He would not find fault with Dr. Redwood for disagreeing with tho Protestants ; but ho had done something different in making those gross charges. Ho hopod they were not endorsed by Jho Catholics in this neighbor hood. Ho— tho speaker — had written a pamphlet entitled ' Bible Truths and Romish Errors' but had only dealt with a few oar dinal trutha based on scripture. He had not used bard names, and did not aoouse tho Romish Ohurch of having dogradod woman hood as this man had done. 