ESSAY ON THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR. c f The war in Africa was started twelve months ago and many poor soldiers have been killed when fighting for England. Lord Roberts and Baden Powell are the greatest soldiers. Lord Roberta and his son tfoth got the Victoria Cross for bravery. The "Boers are very cruel and often wreck trains and so many people ara starved. The war will soon be over and very few of the soldiers who return home will care to go to the war again for they were out in the rain and sometimes had to eat horse fleah. At Mafeking the soldiers were be<deg»d for 121 days and were juat like* lot of ghosts when Colonel M&hon; entered Mafeking. The soldiers also -got very ill with fever through drinking i»d~water where the Boers had thrown all kinds of dead aaimals. The Boers took a number of the Australian aoldiers prisoners and had them lett exposed to all kinds of weather surrounded by barb wire fencing like a lot of cattle. In Some towns the Boer women used to fire at the soldiers passing through the streets. A large number of the soldiers left Australia to join the war wd they they hare been in some of the warmest anota of the war and always did some of th bravest deeds. MAOGIK SEIL, Aged 10 years. Sandmount. MUCK AT AH, Nov. 19, 1900. DEAR UKCLK BOBBY, As you -are kind enough to keep a column in the paper for the children, I do not see why we should not appreciate it and toelp to make it a success. I go to the Muckatah State Schc-ol, and I am in the sixth class. Mr»Clark is our beacher, and my sister is the sewing mistress. We hive a picnic every -year on the Hurmyj itjia generally held in-February. am Very fond of reading and I read the lett era in the Childrer.'a Column every «t,eek. jJ cannot answer the first riddje ; bat I amvgoipg to try-to jyaswer the other two.- You /will v find the -Answer -down We have jaot Parted to strip yet; bct.we.,have got-a good bit of bay cut. W* havfta tstne magpie -and it oan talk very nicely. Au this is najrs I have for -yma this time.—I remain ywr affemonate niece, ' XIVCY JANK SALMON. For Numberriddle "I am.for ever, yet was never,'.' I. think the answer would be " TA-morrow." For Number 3\. What piece of cgca is doable its v«Jue by deducting its-half ? "the answer may ba hajf.a croim, half a sovereign, or a halfpenny." % [Yonr guesses to riddles are correct, rougli the ^answer, -of No.. Sis as tennty. Still «na is as true as the other.] _ . CitoTOWK, Nov. 11, 1900. DKAB UKCHJI BOBBY, It is a long tame since I hare ^written fa£*oo, I .Wppose j^u thoqght 'I Jxad ;*you. - rlorrie Moea .has jiittW«r«d toy riddln oorrec^y^ and l think thaanewertnjxmirp is, .'?|J»aua*-they're at^er a h ^ Mandi of-thirty imedaya," loiter on the " fteliuf of Mafeking." I am intkfrfith-dsB,«nd onr teacher's natne is M» SNseter, aad weall like ber ^pery atneh. <Our x»ther t)Badier, IGss Kiteick, went 4way, and we were ill very Borry indeed. I have one brother going to sqhool; he :got his certificate JaSt jrear. I am tending you a tiddler I met a man with a load- X asked him what his loading w*a, h»said .'it isaloadof woodwiuch is peithar $cooked or stcajgbtwhat asct of a load of wood must it be ? " " The answer to i»jJhmt pddteis " Bacausa he has a head «ad tail an ooe^nd."—I remain your totfi&g; item, • •' EuiRjrV. 0XJ6N50Rto jjl^^ riddle is ^owact, -g; - 