IN SOUTH AFRICA. Lord Roberts has allowed the New Zealanders to take to their colony the gun captured from the Boers by them at tile Vet River. A British convoy, cscorled by Cape Mounted Police, was attacked in dense bush by a Boer force under Commandant Viljoen, but was rescued by the Imperial Yoemanry. Eighty Boers, led by a Russian, raided Waschbank railway-station, in Natal, capturing a goods train, and injuring the line. The Daily Mail states that 15,000 Boers, divided in small commandoes, are lighting in the Orange River Colony. In revenge for the burning and pillaging of their farms, the Boers have threatened to shoot all their prisoners. A force under Lord Kitchener surprised and captured a Boer laager at Krugerspost, in the North-Eastern Transvaal. The Boer*6 entry into Philoppolis was connived at by the inhabitants of the town, and Lord Roberts has banished all found guilty of such rebel acts. Lieutenant-General Hunter, has been engaged in continuous skirmishes with the Boers in the Bothavillc and Bloemhoff districts. Major- Generals Knox and De Lisle blocked Commandant lie Wet's attempt to re-cross the Vaal River, after severely defeating him at Rensburg Drift. Darkness and a storm prevented the pursuit of We Wet, after his defeat at Rensburg Drift. Prince Christian Victor of Schleswig- Holstein, grandson of her Majesty the Queen, has died at Pretoria of enteric fever. Bribes to the extent of ^39,000 were paid to members of the Transvaal Valksraad, and South African newspapers, by the holders of the dynamite monopoly. The order of the march at the reception oftheC.l.Vs. in London was broken by the crowds, and a panic resulted, two lives being lost, and numbers of people injured. The Harlech Castle leaves Capetown on Saturday for Australia with 725 returning officers and soldiers. The Boers report that General Buller recently surrendered with 7000 men, and were released on parole on condition they quitted South Africa. All male Boers over 14 years in the vicinity of Bloemfontein have been brought into the town, in order to prevent them rejoining commandoes. The Boers have destroyed the main trunk railway line south of Edenburgh, and derailed a train at Jagersfontein, in addition to making frequent night attacks. All the Boer houses between Dundee and Vryheid, on the Natal-Transvaal frontier, have been burned to the ground, as a punishment for the treachery of their occupants. Of the Boers captured at Jagersfontein, 250 have been sent to Ceylon. Lord Kitchener insists that Uitlandcrs who fought against the Boers shall have the first chance of returning to the Rand. The Boer commandant oppossing Lieut- General French has threatened to fire on the British ambulances wherever they are found. Sir Alfred Milner has requested all returning colonials who are desirous of obtaining Government employment in South. Africa to leave their addresses. Trooper Smith, of the Cape police, lias been acquitted of murdering a native at Colesberg, the court holding that he was only executing orders. A Singleton resident has received a letter from a friend in the far north part of the colony, whioh paints a deplorable picture of the state of that arid territory. In 1899, he eays, only seven inches of rain vera recorded, and einoe March of this year they have not-bad an inch. At Milparinka,whichis2Gmilestowards Wilcanniz, fresh beef and mutton are alomst unknown quantities. The state of the country is beyond belief. There is not a epeok of green. The Bait-bash alone keps life in the starving brutes, and when travelling stock reach water they drink till they are gorged, and are then frequently unable to get out of the dam. Out of a mob of 200 travelling there reoently, 189 dropped dead within aehort distanoe. "I taw three lie down and give up the ghost," he says. " To see these masses of bone and skin, with' glaring eyes, stagger by, lowing pitfully, would soften any person's heart. To put a horse in the hotel stable for a night, 7a 6d; a set of horse-shoes fitted, 7s. If 00 rain comeB this month we ate cooked I" 