The Shadows of the War. By Arrah Luen. SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE ' FOR THE 'CATHOLIC PRESS.' Ghosts. We four, who had been ill, sat before the gorge and looked down at the waterfall Bplashihg upon the jagged rocks below. Two weeks ago snow wreathed the fairy castles of the Drakensberg. Yet already winter had fled. A wild peach tree in a donga close at hand wore a garment of pink, a oactus burst into flame from oeiiwoen tne Drown stones or a kopje, green '' drifts and zig-zag patches of tender grass streaked the veldt, while a delicate lilac flower at the foot of a tree oarried one's thoughts to lands far beyond the trenohes and breastworks which darken the land scape of South Africa to-day. It was delirous tq eat the dainty lunch kind friends had prepared for ub, listening to the murmur .. of falling waters, looking with eyeB new corn to tne aengnts or earth upon young green things again after a spell of fever. ?Suddenly Sister Esther, faithful Sister Esther of the siege, burst into tears. 'I oan't enjoy this ohioken, although it is suoh a treat, one bit,,' she said, ' no& one bib. I keep thinking I heir that little boy of the Gordons calling all day for some thiog, anything to eat ; talking. for hours as he would talk of the good food his mother used to give him, of the sweet home ;??;,; made bread and butter, of the oakeB ..:'-' .and puddings produced on special ocoasions — and there had been a special occasion before he left homo, his birthday having been celo uru&Bu; oy au unnosu wuiiuiug I0&8D. xio told us very proudly how his mother was known to be the moab notable cook and the bestmotherin Kirriemuir. 'Bub then, 'Sister Esther sighed, ' so many boys in various ..regiments olaimed the right to have the best mother, too. 'At times he fancied if by miraoulous inioans he could get possossion of one of his mother Boonea, with the aooompanimenl) of ifclita oup of tea Bhe only knew how to brew, tn it he would grow strong enough to get: quo of bed, don the khaki and rejoin his company. There were hours, when wander ing more than usml, ho dreamt) bhab he was iu the home orchard plucking red cheeked apples, white heart and blade heart ohorries, or down the shady lane filling a pail with moist dark blackberries wherewith to oool ?hiB hot mouth. It was pitiful to listen—to ' feel helpless. There was nothing for him «cwo rioe water, staroh food and a limited quantity of condensed milk, And ho died— died jii9b 14 hours before the relief column, marohed into Ladyamlih.' ' Yes,' said 8ister Wiahearb, ' the ghosts ?of the dead somehow oomo very oloae to ua to-day. Thev abop past quickly, half ob soured by misbB, their namea already for .gotten, their regiments unknown, until here and there, from the great company, a face so mB what familiar is turned towards ub, and .a quavering voice rings back out of the mist, 1 Don't you remember me in Inlombi, in Modeler Spruib, at Ohievoly?1 There was poor Gap rain Hepburno ! Do you remern bevhim, Sinter Esther?' ' ' Yes ; I wus present at the operations, fearful shell injuries ; hopeless oaao from the first.' „ 'Well, when ib beoame nooeaaary tp ask him (for the time waa growing ahort) if he had any preparations to make, any final messages to leave behind, he looked up in ray faoe, with— oh, suoh a look I ' 'Am I dying, sister ?' he gaBpod ; 'surely not dyinj? ; and I'm to bo recommended for ior the V.C Then ho turnod over on the pillow and nevor Bpoke again. 'When the moonlight stroamed into the tent (we were short of lights that night) ho Jay quite sbill, fir beyond the reaoh of earthly honours, ' The flllonce was broken by Sifter Trey s ' For m-j no faou stand.') out moro clearly than that of a certain Boor prisoner, a more lad, brought into tho oamp, yellow as a gmuoa .and sore wouncltd by lyddite sholl, For a apaoo ho wept bitterly, and talked softly to himself in tho ' taul,' until an orderly speak ing Dutch, was found able to discover tho ?cause of bho tearB, Tho lad, it appears, was under tho impression that he was to buoomo a slavo held In bondage by tho English, Onoo ho had gnzod at the pioture of a alavo manaolod in uhains exposed for Bale in the marked place, and that ho, in all innooenoo (having lived out tho ahort, measure of Ills ?days on tu\ isolated farm afar from fiowne), ' b'ftoved was to bo hiB fate in tho ovout of bin reoovory from the wound of bhe lyrldlto aholl, Poor boy, there was no noud to worry over the future, for it. was not clvon to him to prove how croundlusa woro hie fuara, I am led to think that ho was glad to dlo, for, klud au wo woro, tho ahrinlcing mlabrusb of tho KuLjliah novor loft his oyoa, Shortly before tho ond oamo ho half rained hlmooff in bod and orlod quite strongly, ' Wio lton dar ?'* At tho vary last, a prleorior do longer, ho was froo onoo moro, doing oonbry duty wilhin hia own linos,' ? ? » The wator spUshod on bho rooks bolow, a \\\'/, ird sprang out) from babwoou brown stouoa to warm himsolf in tho suu, a bird chirped faintly, as if loathe to disturb the peaoe of the afternoon in a shrub near by, while we communed with our own hearts. Later on, leaving the gorge in shadow, we climbed the k.op and crossed the veldt in silence, for we knew that the ghosts of the men who have died of grm starvation, of gaping woundB, of grieving piokness, in this bitter, cruel war, must haunt us to the end of our days. Arrah, Lubn, Tin Town Oamp, near Ladysmith, Natal. * Who comes there ? ? 