Cricket, By " Blob." The glorious uncertainty of the game was demonstrated on Saturday when Orientals triumphed over Armi dale by six runs. On the first days play Armidale with five wickets down bad reached within five of their op ponents total of 106, but on Satur day, batting three men abort, ISley only succeeded in taking the total to 112\. Orientals were also ehorthanded and the board showed 67 when the last available batsman had been "Waterlood." Armidale required 61 to ensure victory, but with four men short they failed to get within the aforementioned Dumber of the total. It is to be regretted that several players were absent from tbe match. Probably some of them had not re covered from the shock caused by watching tbe Darktown Fire Brigade demonstration on the preceding day. 'A couple of players were detained on business (out of town), another had gone to the war, while a forth waB nursing a severely damaged eye, in jured at tbe Patriotic Sports. To one or two who might have been ) at tbe match, and weren't, " Blob" i has a word to say. If they think that retiring from the game when they find that their club lies no chance of annexing the premiership is/Calculated to promote the best interests of the game, then their conception of true Sportsmanship is " vague and uncer tain" indeed- " If individual players give up the ghost after experiencing defeat now and again, cricket will speedily deteriorate to the lamentably low ebb of the last few seasons, ft is eolely the united action and keen interest on the part of the cricketers themselves that can maintain the good old game in a flourishing condition. We have had an excellent season so far, one of tbe best on record, in fact, and it is to be hoped that every player will " pull himself together," and keep the game bouyant during the remainder nf the season. George CroBsman was foolishly run 1 out, with his score at 22. Strange to j relate his brother, A. E., was at the I opposite wicket. Tbe only other j double figure scorer on his side wss Pollock, who played with improving j style. With one For 40, and only 22 more re quired to win, ArmidsleB chances ap peared as bright as the sunshine, but a disastrous "rot" developed and the end came at 55. Jack Bradley knocked up a dozen with the pace and style of a Bonnor. This win gives Orientals 16 points for 7 matches. They have a possible chance of tieing Hillgrove.and a hope (certainly a forlorn one) of getting on level terms with Uralla, whom they meet next Saturday. A victory over Uralla would place Hillgrove on level terms with the McKay-Cooper com bination. " Blob" is pleased to see Dick Bartlett back amongst the active cricketers. The gentle Bichard is a h'plendid type of cricketer, not one of the stay-at- home crowd, always ready, and willing to'help the sport in every possible way. Orientals think it possible'tbat they will conquer Uralla' on Saturday. " All thingB are possible,'' once said a famous writer, but a heap of them are highly improbable. The Orientals are a lot of triers, and are sure to give the visitors a good go. A team to represent the town aeries against the country at Guyra on Saturday, 17th February, will be selected on Wednesday (to-day). The j game ehould be one of the moat in teresting of the Beason, and the coun try boys will extend their city con freres to top speed if they play up to expectations. Victoria sBcond 11 and Tasmania commenced a match on Friday. The southerners made 239, and Victoria replied with 263 and nine wickets for 375 Eady (Tasmania) made SI, and Murray (Vic.) 104. In Saturday's issue «e mentioned that the score of 6, made by Mr. Shuse's team against Bnndarra, was. the smallest in the hieterv ot New England cricket. An old-timer in. forms us that the, old Commercial team playing against New England Cricket Club,,over 20 years ago, were all dismissed for a quartette. The Oriental team to play Ural In next Saturday, will bo selected from Claverie, CrossmaD (2), Bartlett, Pol lack, M'Cann, Selwin, Armitaoe, Thomas, Wright, Ellis, Fittler, Wili mott, and Donnelly- Play starts at II o'clock, and those who are unable to take port, are requested to inform the treasurer before next Thursday. A match, in aid of the Bushmen's Contingent, will be commenced in Sydney next Friday, between the Australian Eleven which recently visited England, and a team repre. eon ting the Rest of Australia Tsmworth was defeated by Mue wellbrook on Friday. The scores were:—Tamworth, 155 y Jjijbertson Electorate, 0 for 286 (E. Ularwiob .125 not ont). Against Singleton, Tamworth again made 155, against which total the Hunter River boys put up 340 (Connelly 99). The team to represent OUera againet Boorolong, on Saturday, will be eeieoted from F. and A. M'Kenzie, B, liobbs, Colman, Edmunds, D. Jackson, Everett, J, and J as. Stewart, J, M'Donald, Ballard, Grattan, and Beffeman. 