ABOUT SOLDIERS' WIVES. The wife of an American soldier when he happens to be married-has, a comparatively happy time of it. But ,it is different elsewhere and the con ditions is at its worst in England. N? one need be told that the scarlet : jacket of the British soldier is the greatest incentive to matrimony known to the civilised world of women. Indeed there is considerable grumbling, not to say indignation, on this score in some 'quarters. It is pretty generally known that the soldies has a susceptible heart beating behind his tunic, but who stops to inquire how the admirable Atkins, with his shilling a day, is enabled to keep a wifo and children? ' Colonel Gildea, the chairman of the Eniglish Soldiers' and Sailors' Families Association in an interview said: " You are quite right in saying that .English soldiers are a marrying com. munity, but don't ask me how they minanage to keep their wives. There are thousands of men and women trying to live on the soldier's allowance of a shilling a day, and I don't suppose I a?m? far wrong in saying that at least o-r thiid 'of them are half-starved. SThe women endeavour to augment the family income by doing a little washing, and that sort of thing; but at its best, it is only very casual employment. "Now, the aim of our Society is to afford temporary relief to the families of soldiers and sailors, and I can assure you they stand in need of a great deal of ielief. Our chief considerations are not to pauperise and not to encourage matrimony. It is madness for a private soldier who has nothing but his pay coming in to marry. ' But first let me explain what marriage in the English army means. Only six per cent. of the men in each regiment are permitted to marry, and then only if they possess the requisite qualifications. For example they must have served for a period of not less than ".'seven years, and they must have atleast £ 5 in the savings bank. i " They have, in fact, to be trust worthy men who have earned good conduct badges. The wives have their quarters in the barracks and go abroad Sand return with their husbands at the Government's expense. "Contrary to an impression that Sexists outside the Service, however, if the remaining 94 per cent. marry, as many of them do, without the consent of the authorities, they commit no military crime. "They cannot be punished, but no .aocommodation is provided in barracks ?-=or their wives, who enjoy none of the privileges that are allotted to the wives t the others. To speak plainly, they have to struggle on upon the soldier's pittance and whatever else they can make. You can imagine what a sorry plight these women are in when I. tell you that it is quite common for a soldier's wife to have from five to eight children. "But thisisnt by any means all with wlicb they have to contend. When a regiment moves, say, from Portsmouth to Edinburgh, or to India, every one of these women are left behind,while their more fortunate sisters accompany their husbands. " They. are left with no provision whatever from the Government, and I need not remark that very few of them have the money to follow their husbands. What we do, therefore, in addition to assisting those in sickness and making temporary grants is to send them after their husbands where, we can, "Does the gallant Tommy, then, desert his spouse Y" "I am afraid that some soldiers when going on foreign service desert their wives until they return. That is to say they leave them to take their chance. A. soldier who is married but not by I regimental allowance can, by the Army regulation, he subjected to a stoppage of threepence a day-a nice large sum isn't it-for the support of his wife and family whileheis away, buthe can only be put under this stoppage on the ap plication of the wife herself or by voluntarily submitting to it." "It seems, as if Mr Atkins ought to be better paid. How do you fare in trying to dissuade a soldier whose manly, heart is. bursting with. love from embarking on the treacherous'sea of matrimony '' . ' " We try to dissuade the girl-not the man," Colonel, Gildea replied, smiling. "The majority of girls haven't the ghost of an idea what a soldier's life is like. They are fascinated with the red coat and don't give a thought to the future. "Affairs are very different in the English Navy," the colonel added. "No man is supposed to marry in the Royal Navy. Strangely enough, the authorities don't recognise the wife of a sailor when the sailor is living, but if he dies on duty or is killed she is awarded a pension. Now with respect toa soldier the wife only gets a pension if he succumbs in war. Should he die in barracks through sickness or by accident she is left to shift for herself. "Sailors' wives are in a much better position when they are separated from their husbanls than the wives of soldiers, inasmuch as one on a ship being com missioned for foreign service there is an 'unwritten law among sailors that everyman shall make an allotment of half his pay in favour of his wife or any relatives dependent upon him; and although the Admiralty don't recognise these people, they undertake to make the stoppage and to hand over the sums to the payees as soon as they become due. A sailor who neglects to conform to this praiseworthy principal would have a bad time of it with his mates." ' 