\i (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.) ? ? « ? . Discovery of the Body— ' Murder Will Out.' George Declines a Task— Tom and Dave Re-Meet— The Escape. (By 'THE OWL.') THERE !' exclaimed Gcorgo. 'I liuewj had something ftt tho end of my line. 'Know you had uomethlng !' ejaculated tho Sergeant. 'You knew you lind some thing ! Why, hang It, man, do you think I am coins to be drucGcd out of my bed after a thirty miles ride because a blamed fool vAth tho horrons w something hooltn a handkerchief off the bottom of the Clft r°'It 'wns more than that!' cried George, firmly. 'I'll nwear I had a dead man on tho °'r'vo a mind to put you on your oath about It,' said tho Sergeant, tartly. i,*,* ? 4* i» Pnurt ' nvnrrpfi frpnrne. J[ U DWvUl * * »u uuui »? «.-.-- ? — ? u 'Nlco Crown witness you'd make, ' wouldn't you.' 'Thoro!' cried George, suddenly step ping back and pointing tragically at tho lamp-lit water. 'What!' ejaculated tho Sergeant, gazing Intently over tho stern of tho Greenwich. 'Thoro!' repeated George, In the nttttudo of Macbeth locating Dnnquo'B ghost— 'there! I told you bo.' 'By pad !' cried tho Sergeant, with a start. 'A lloatlng corpse!' 'Tho snme ono I hooked,' Bald George, In a hollow voice.' 'You'll get a name as a fisherman If you keep on,' observed the officer. 'I supposo It's an Inquest.' 'What'll wo do ?' asked the first mate, excitedly. 'Hook him aRnln!' replied the Sorgoant, In n matter-of-fact voice. 'You must havo had him by the neck and tho cloth gavo way. Tho disturbance floated him.' 'Ugh!' cried Georgo; 'I'll never throw out a blamed lino In tbo river again as Ions as I live.' 'Well I will!' said the Sargeant. 'I'll throw ono now. Lund mo that shark hook a minute.' The officer who was paid, not too liber ally, by Government, to act either as assis tant pathologist or undertaker, as occasion required, Jumped upon the after grating with tho end of George's shark line In his hand. A human head could be seen bobbing gently up and down with the swell ond fall of tho tide. It drifted neither to right nor loft, but in a sort of ghastly oscillation waited— waited. There was a sardonic smile on the parted lips. Tho smilo that t.i Been on tho face of the murdered dead who come up again from undor tho oarth, from tho depths of tho waters, anywhere. Tho dead who come for Justice. .Livid and ghastly, and utterly unreal and hbrrlblo whb tho fnco of tho corpse floating steadily In that pool of yellow gaslight. And when tho Sergeant, after several throws with the lino, succeeded In hooking on, it camo towards tho stern without resistance The man of law leaned over tho low rail to muko an examination. 'Fetch tho lantern!' ho called, to the deck-hand; 'and a rope.' Tho tldo lapped by softly, tho little town lay wrapped In darkness, broken only by nn occasional koroseno lamp in tho main street, and the dim lamp at tho hotel. 'Hold tho light over till I see, can't you?' 'Ugh!' cried tho deck-hand. 'Well, turn your head away If you dpn't want to look, or shut your eyca.' 'It's horrible!' murmured Goorijo, whoso face was deadly pale. 'I don't want to look at It.' '.Well, don't!' exclaimed the officer. 'I can't help It ? ' 'Grout Scott!' ejaculated the Sergeant, taking another pull on tho lino. 'Wiuit!' cried George, his heart In his mouth. 'Murdor!' exclnlmed tho officer, with a now Interest In hln voice. 'Murder!' cried Clcorge, hoarsely. 'Look! Yew, by God! the man's been titahbcd.' 'Stabbed! Oh, Lord!' 'Hold (he light, cnii't you?' 'No,' imld OeorRO, Hitting down sud denly; 'I can't, I'm hnnged If I can !' Tho ucrguant wan buuy with tho rope. Notwithstanding ho had rlddon thirty mllo« that day, ho wna octivo and alert. Ho passed n iillp-noone over tho (item present ly, drow It tight, and tied tho ond nocuroly to a stuuchlou. 'Now,' he «altl, hla mind already full of business ; 'you'll havo to ntny horo anil keep an cyo on this while I go up town and in ii lto arrnngemontfl !' 'Mo !' exclaimed George. 'Yen, you ! I'll nend tho cotmtablo down by-and-bye.' 'How lone will ho bo beforo ho cornea down ?' nuked Gcorgo, anxiously. 'Couplo of hours at tho outside; I'vo nomothtuK 1 want him to do first ? ' 'Two houru '.' cried George. 'Here by myself, at night, with Unit— that— that thlui; tied up to tho Greenwich !' I wouldn't do It for ton pounds !' 'But,' argued tho nurgcant, 'you muiit. I don't want tho town to know anything nbout It. I wnut to keep everything dark till I mnko a fow onqulrleu. Thin in a vory oorloua inattor. Thoro io a big tnuo lumg iiift to it— n big cnuu for. mo !' 'I don't co.ro,' cried George doggedly, I 'what'u hanging to It 1 I won't otny horo I by mynolf— that'n straight !' I 'Oh, confound you I' oxolalmod tho jior H ftonnt. 'All right, if you'ro as groat n coward an' that I'll nond oonicono down nir Boon an I go up to tho bnrrnelra 1' 'I ain't n, coward,' uald OcorRo; 'but I haven't onirngcd with tho ownoni of thlu boat to mind floating corpnoa. It ain't part of my duty, and I won't do It.' 'Iternoinber, you nro koIiib to bo a wit U008— nn Important wltnocn—- In thlu cauo,' oald tho oorjronnt, uovorcly. 'All right,' replied Gcorgo; 'but I'll wait nnhorct, up horo undor tho lamp, till norno foody comco. I wouldn't ntop on tho boat ilwwwr*'1 ? ' —and another thing, I'm hanged If I think I'll sleep aboard of her after this 1' Whereat ^teorKo stopped on to tho guns plank and got ashore, so placing himself when ho landed that various opaquo objects would como between hln line of vision and tho otorn of tho steamer. Tom Pagilln fiat on the odgo of tho bod In Jacob Cayloy'u farmhouse nnd thought hard. Onco ho Got up and tried tho door very gently. It wan firmly locked. Ho went to tho window and pressed tmrrt against It. 'There's n iron bar or a chain across tho outside,' he murmured to himself, 'and tho uhuttcni in a Inch thick. It's no go !' Ho felt the boards along the wall with hid feet cnrofully; one of them seemed a little looso. 'If I could mice a bit of the floor and burrow out, like they do In somo of thoso dotectlvo yarns, It would bo O.K.,' ho re flected; 'but I got nothing to burrow with — uuleS3 I break tho handle oi the washln' JiiK,' he added as an after-vnought, 'an* sharpen ono end.' Uut another mlnute'n consideration con vinced him of tho futility of this Idea. 'It's all up,' ho cried at last in despair. 'I'll be found out an' took back or nent to gaol ! I wonder where Davo In, any how.' Just at this moment Tom hoard a bird calling off somcivhcro In towards the rlvor bank. 'Morepoko,' ho said, listening. 'I don't mlBremembor over henrln' a morepoko callln' so late at night. ' Tho cries of tho night bird were rcpontml at regular Intervals; they Boomed to come nearer. 'A morcpoke don't walk about whoppln' llko that,' muttered Tom, ''specially thin hour of tho night. 'Sldoa he-'o down in tho corn. I never heard a morepoko in tho corn before' A thought struck tho older pirate. Ho slipped to tho window, and putting his mouth to the shutter called: 'Mo'pokc ! Mo'poke !' softly. 'Mo'pokc ! Mo'poko !' came the answer. 'Mo'poke ! Mo'poke ! Mo'-o-poke! ' ropoated Tom. This tlmo ho varied the call, putting In an omphnelo whore no night owl was over known to placo it. 'Mo'-poko ! Mo'-poko !' Mo'-o-poke !' camo tho reply. 'By gosh, it's Davo !' cried Tom, ex citedly. He put his mouth to a crack In the wall and repeated tho cry. Davo answered, drawing nearer and nearer. He was trying to locate Tom's exact whereabouts. The people of' the house were sound asleep. . Dave, guided by tho sounds uttered sotto voco by his commandor, came as did Blon dln to the call of Richard. 'Where are you ?' ho whispered, at last, outstdo tho wall. 'In 'ere,' responded Tom. 'Como round 'ore closo; there's an oponln' In. tho weatherboards. I'm looked in,' ho ex plained. 'See if you can get tho fnotoniu' off the wlndor-shutter.' 'It's ft padlock an' chain,' explained Davo from outside. 'What will wo do 7' 'Do !' muttored Tom. 'Thero'n only ono thing to do — I got to Rot out nomehow ! Havo a look nt. tho door.' 'It's locked,' whispered Davo through tho keyhole. 'Ain't tho key outnldc 7' 'No; thero'n no koy 'oro.' 'Ho's took It to bod with him,' muttored Tom in mi Injured tone. 'It's damned out rngooim I' 'Can't you Ret out through Vuo roof ?' asked Dave. 'No,' I enn't replied Tom; 'it's a lined cellln'. If it wuz enllco or bags I'd cut through 'cm nn' find a 'olo somewhere; but It ain't.' 'What nbout tho floor ?' naked Divvo; 'ain't ther no boards loo/io ? Tho house lfl built up on pllen 'ore nt tho buck ? ' 'In 11. 7' nukod Tom, eagorly. 'Mnko cure.' 'Yea,' responded tho lloutonant plrnto. 'It you could lift a couplo o' boards you could crawl out under easy onouEh.' 'They'ro all nallod down,' mourned Tom; 'I beim tryln' 'cm. Say,' ho wont on— a nudden thought striking him — 'how thick Is tho chain on tho wlndor 7' 'It'n only a dnwg chain,' mild Dnvo through tho crack; 'but It's too strong to break.' 'You won't luive to break It,' renpondcd Tom, 'If you can git n file.' 'A fllo !' 'Yen; thoro'n ouro to bo a tool-nhed round tho back Micro aombwhoro. All thcao cocklim doon a bit o' tlnkorln'. You ko round nnd «eo If you kin pinch ono,' Tom waited anxiously for his mato to ro turn, and when nt lant Davo announced that ho had got n fllo, tho prluoncr'a heart leaped. 'Git to It !' ho urged In an excltod wliln por. 'OH to It nn rpilck nn you enn ! Pick tho thlnuont link, an' git to It ! Don't make nny moro row than y' can 'olp, but for Onwd'n «nko 'urry up 1' Davo got to It. Ho worked away an rapidly and nolno lomily nn pouslblo, encouraged by froquont whlnperod lnqulrlou nnd ndmonltlomi from lnnldo. Tho report Hint ono nldo pf tho link wnn Iliad through canned Tom to romnrk em phatically, In a uubdiicd voice-, thnt Dnvo had tho mnklngB of a truo plrnto In him. Ho nluo Inferred that his rnnto wmi dett tlncd to do great thliiga In tho pirating bualnonn. Thua oncnurngori, Davo worked oil till tho otlior nldo of tho link gave way. i Tho chain was removed, tho shutter open ed, nnd Tom climbed out of tho window In his shirt. y 'Where's yer clothes V asked the exhaust- ed first lieutenant. 'He's took *em,' roplled Tom, resentfully. ''E 'adn't no right whatever. I could summons 'lm If I wanted to. But I don't ?want to. Wo'vo got to got out of thls.'^ ? ? ' 'Yes,' agreed Dave; 'I reckon tho soonor ?we' get out of it the better. It ain't lucky.' 'I wouldn't wonder If thnt holey slxponco had . some thing to do with it,' observed Ton). 'But the bnd luck oiiRliter run lt Belf out now. I wioh I 'nd a pair o' pnntn though. Let'n bo round to the washshed nn' oee if wo can nick a pair o' tho old man's. This io tho Becond llmo slnco wo bin pl ratln' I've been done In for clothes.' They found eomo of tho fnrmer'B work ing clothes lu the shed and appropriated them. Tom rolled them Into a bundle nnd tuck ed tham undor his nrmn. They fossicked round for a few minutes longer, nnd picked up some ontablro, In ciuuing mo commanucorcd fowlB wlilcli had caused the trouble. These were haiiRing up by tho feet In tho stock-shed, and Tom reached them down with a grunt of satisfaction. 'Thcso'U pay for my togs,' he said; 'that makeo 'Im and mo square 'E'b got my trousers nn' I got 'Is fowls.' Tho pirates chuckled over this Joke nn they took tholr way to the boat. As they wont Davo explained thnt nftor tho BklrrnlBh in tho fowl-ohcd ho had fled back to the bont nnd waited for hia pal. When tho latter failed to turn up ho camo to the conclusion thnt he had been enp tured, and wns perhaps held as a prisoner of war. 'Then,' said Dnve, 'I sneaked round by the corn an' give that mo'poko call. My word I was glad when I 'card you an oworln'.' 'I reckon,' snld Tom, 'thnt wo'ro get tin' ndventurcs nil right; but It ain't noth ink to what wo wilUject when we'ro right down tho river.' Davo wns silent. Tho fact was that tho second pirate was very tired and sleepy. They got buck to tho Pirates' Camp safely, hid tho bont again In tho crock, and laid down, thoroughly worn out, and slept tho aleep of youth nnd hcnlth. Next dny they Inid close In caso Jacob Cayley should havo tracked them to tho water's) ciIeo nnd started to look for thorn along tho river. It wan unlikely that ho should discover that they had como up to tho raiding of his poultry in a whalebont llko true buccaneers, but their experiences wero making thorn cautious. So they kept under cover, fed largely on stowed chicken, nud laid In a stock of strength for the work which wnn beforo them. They rcRrottod leaving tho camp, but a pirate's llfo, llko a policeman's, 1b not all roses; so when evening came they pulled out softly, nnd started paddling down Btream with a falling tide. Tho breezo came fresh and cool across the river. They kept their boat in tho middle of tho stream, nnd in most places there was a wide stretch of open water be tween them and either bnnlc. Lights shone hero nnd thoro In tho win dows of tho farmhouses, nnd onco thoy pnsscd a cluster of lamps where somo llttlo Village lay snuggled away under tho (loea by tho river bank. 'I wonder what placo thnt Is ?' gnld Dave, leaning on his oar nnd watching tho cluster of lights drift slowly astern. 'That's Tyndale,' replied Tom. 'We'ro down in tho south arm. Wo ain't a great ways from tho Junction whero tho two arniB run Into one another. That's at Rocky Mouth. We got to be careful thero with the current runnln' out like this. There's a lot of rocks stlckln' up, an' a lot sunken Just bolow tho water, an' a channel markod out with buoya, no's the river stoamora don't get aground. When you get down a bit further you'ro right In tho main channel, whoro tho big Sydnoy nteamern come up, By gosh, thoy avo a bIzo !' 'I never seen n big iitoamcr,' onld Dnvo. 'No,' replied Tom, with a ouporlor air; 'you novor noon anything much — you don'l, know iiothlnk about tho world — but knockln' about nnd plratln' round will do you a lot o' Good.' 'I reckon I'vo learned a good bit since I conic out,' ventured Dnvo. 'Pooh !' finld Tom, 'this In nothlnk ! Walt till we get right down Into tho main rlvor i' Tom had never boon further than Chats worth down tho river himself, and onco up to tho city of Grafton, but Davo hadn't boon moro thnn four or five mllen from home at tho moat, nnd Tom wns n traveller to him. Wo only Judge and reason by com parlsona nt the bent of times — the bent of uu. So Dnvo listened whllo hlu mate told him how tho Clnrcnco wan a mllo and a hnlf Wide In places; how it wan n river with over no many imvJ-rablo channels; how tho main rlvor wnn deep enough for GO mlloa from tho mouth to float ocean-going stonm ors; how thoro wero a hundred Islnmln from Yambn Honda to Grafton, varying from llttlo patches nn aero In area to tho big Island between Cowpor nnd Maclenn, immothlnB llko fourteen miles long by Ilvo nnd nix nilloii wide, with n mountain In tho ccntro of It. Tom might linvo nddod, had he known, that tho rlvor from iln head, away up In tho ranges near Tenterflold to tho lien, drained a tract of country grentcr In nreo thnn a European kingdom; he might hnvo told how half a dozen rtvorn emptied into it, frcuhontuK It in dry Union and filling It with flood waters In tho rainy uenuon; ho might havo told of tho hundred nud ono croekn which drained Into it aftor It hnd thundered out of tho Jillln nt tho cor^o nnd iiwept proudly down on to tho fnrtllo flata, whero tho nialzo nnd nuEnrcnne,1 tho bnnn na« nnd coffoo flourished In tho dcop, rich ollt built up, layer nftor lnyer, by genera tions of floods ranching back Into far eco loclcal porlodti, long boforo tho building of tho (treat pyramid bculdo tho bnnku of nnothor great rlvor on whouo nnnunl over flow linn depended tho liven of countlcnn hordes of pooplo nlnco tho earliest dawn of agriculture Thouo tuotirchtii did not come to Tom, or olno ho would hnvo given Dnvo tho benellt of them in hln own wny. 'Thoro'u n couplo of big lnlnndu,' ho ro ninrkcd, 'Jutit nbovo Ohutiiworth. All round tho edge3 tho lantana bushes hnn grown that thick you could 'Ido n whole puntful of pooplo in 'cm; nn' tho other pnrta Io all Jungle, thlcker'n tho Jungle up on tho Broadstream. IJ wo land on tho lower Bldo of one of them Islands,' he went ou, 'towards Hnrwood nn' drng the boat up In tho latitana wo'll bo nil right.' It wao nenrly daylight beforo they made tho .iolnnd which tho chief pirate had iu vlow no n now. basis of operatlonB, and thoy mado a bnd lnndlntj. They rnn In nmonc fiomo yoiinK inan Erovea nnd got aground. It took oomo pushing and hnullng to got tho heavy boat clear of tho clinging mud— thero Is always mud where tho man^roveo grow— and thoy wore very tired. At length thoy found a place whore they could get nuhore nnd necuro and hldo tholr craft. Day hnd broken. Tho cant waa reddoning with tho sun as they staggered along with their traps through n track in tho lnntana which seemed to lend towards tho Bhady Jungle closely covering the centre of tho luland. Dnvo wns in front. Ho stepped back suddenly, white to tho lips, Blumbllns over Tom, who was closo at his heels. 'What's up 1' cried tho latter. 'What In It — a snako 7' 'No,' choked Davo. 'No him !'? 'Who 7' 'Him !' said Dave, who seemed about to faint. Tom elbowed him asldo nnd peorefl ahead through tho bushes. 'Oh, crlpes !' ho muttered, and dropping his load turned about to run. (To be Continued.) 