Hidden From All Eyes, CHAPTER X (continued). ' Not Somervtllo that I kaotv of,' said Jack Arlcwright. Whoovor the owner of (ho place is, somo say th.n.porson is his wife, wbotri he quarrelled with on the day of their marriage ; while some jay that it is quite ompty of oHiunry mortals, but full of ghosts. You can believe whet you like.' ' I should like to cot to the bottom of it,' said Vore, musingly. ' I' is odd thnt thero should bo a mysterious house liko thnt in such a populous neighbourhood.' 'But see, it lies on tho outskirts of everything ; you do not pass it on tho road to anywhere ; you only happened to seo it to-day because you wont out of your way to find sheltor at the Red Ploughshare.' 'But other ponplo must go out of their way sometimas as well ns mo.' 'Once a yonr perhaps; but they need net boas inquieitivo as you are.' I toll you wbat, old follow ; the next time I am down in these parts you and I will mako some oxouso to "bos the inBido of that building. Wo will manage it somehow, unmask tho criminal, free tho prisoner and turn out the ghosts ! ' 'All right; I'm your man; but J only bargnin for one thing — that it- shall be in broad daylight, and not, after dusk.' ' Before hrenkfnst if you. like,' /- That will not do. We might find tho hidden beauty in her ourl-papore, and I should like to aeo her at , her. boat. '-Seriously, is there no chance of. there heing s resppctablo mistrnsH of tho house f biting his moustache as he thought of Nella Maynard. tho purost- henrted girl in the world alone in thnt diamal houso with Godfrey Somei> ville— -a man whom ho had always, distrusted arid never liked. 'If there had hoen we must have seen her. How could euoli a person remain uiuubii mi uuran jon.-. 'She might bo an invalid.'.- Then she would have tho dootor. and little what's-liis-namo would have let the whole oounty into her oonfid- enoe. If Somervillo has a finger in the pie, depend upon it thero is some diereputnble secret behind the sconce.' ' I am afraid thore is,' with a sud den sigh. 1 What the deuoo does it matter to you ?' looking at him ouriously. . ' Matter ? How could it ? blushing suspiciously. 'By Jove, there's the train ! - You must run for it. Vers jumped down, nodded and dihappeared into the booking-offioe. As he tobK his plaoe Jack wared his haud to him from the -rond, then droVe away at a rapid pace. The train steamed Blowly out of the station arid he leant forward with a euddon impulse? anxious to oatoh a last glimpse of the fair English lnndsonpo nmongnt whose woods and hills tho magnot was hidden wbioh kept him fixod to Eng land, when oommon- senso told him ihat there wna a wider field and a bettor prospects over the seas ia India. OAHPTER XI. ' Meta, where ots you? -Come out and koop mOiOompany whilst I emokc a pipe ! _ Godfrey Somorville was the -iponker, and he leant Ills book against : the frame of tho boudoir window, ns ho leisurely prooeedod to- fill his pipe, waiting' for his commands to bo obeyed. Meta rose with lees alnority than uBual, pud proooeded to paok up her wools. 'The sun is very hot ; you will probably get o sunstroke,' observed Nona as she looked up from a drawing. 'I think I am eapahlo of taking cave of myself, said Godfrey, crossly.-. ' Capable perhaps, if you give your mind to it.' . 'And . is there any reason why X. should not ? ' ' How can I tell ? You always look as if you had the affairs; of the uni verse to think over,' He frowned. - - ' 'My own affairs are quite enough to oooupy mo. I wish you thought, tho same of yours.' 'Perhaps Nolla's beau ideal is' a man who l'a always laughing ! and Meta, having packed up her work, hurried out of tho room. ' And perhaps T haven't a benu ideal at all,' murmured Nella, to herself, no she put her head on one side to got a bettor view of her drawing. 'Not ideal, but real. I know ex actly whnt he would bo liko — a man who looked as if ho spent nil his ndd moments in brushing his hair rind kept a stoolc of compliments on hand ready to humbug any girl who would listen to him.' And Geoffrey gave a short laugh whioli bad no mirth in jt. , Better than the man who lookod ns if bad only just tumbled out of bed,' with a scornful glance nt Somerville'e hair, which always had n habit of fal ling untidily over his hoail ; ' and thought that insults were the cayenne pepper of conversation 1 ' 'I don't agree with you ; tho-one is a fool ; the other— — ' What wore you going to say — a snob ?' ' You can oall me eo if you liko.' 'I couldn't ; it wouldn't be polite.' ' I never know you to stand about ' that before.' : (Te ie continue'd.J 