THE MESMERIST'S CRIME, KJBLISHED By SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. r % %$o W, War/eon , -.uU»or ©I 'The Great Porter Square Mystery,' 'Qrif,' 'The Sacred Nugget,' Miriam Sozella,' 'A Fair Jewess,' 'The Golden Tjandp'* ? 'The Betrayal of Jehu Ferdham,' &c.;, &o.; ' COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER XI. — (Continued.) 11 It is comparatively harmless, ' ho said, ' when taketi as I direct, though its habitual Q8Q would certainly lead to injurious results.' .'A remark which applies to all narcotics,' sard Maubray. 'That is 60, but in this drug there is special danger. Uso it only when there is imperative need for it, and koep it looked away, so that it shall not fall into tho hands of any other person than yourself. Its nature is absolutely deadly, and only the smallest dose cau bo taken with safety.' .' I will keep it in a seerot drawer , in this studio, ' said Maubray, 'whioh no one can open but myself. Then there is another safe guard in tho label. ' Deadly Poison ' which you have proporly affixed to the wrapper.' This conversation was taking placo in tho Ruined Tower, and Maubray showed Dr. Weber tho seerot drawer in whioh ho doposited tho powder. ' What would bo tho effect of a douolo ddse?' Dr. Wober lookod at him apprehensively. ' Do not bo alarmed, I have no intention of mis-usirig it. The crisis, is past and my mind is recovering its balance. In proof of whioh I have resolved to paint a new Marguerite, and am already eager to commence. I have even selected my model, and have my canvas ready.' 'That will bo better than any medioine I can administer,' said Dr. Weber, hailing with dolight this healthy symptom. ' Who is your model?' 'Her name is Frida; tho daughter of a workman in-, the quarries. I was sitting at my window here, and she passed along tho road. . Beholding her, I wue irresistibly re minded of Marguerite, and, as usual with all ' crazy enthusiasts was eager to set to work immediately. . 8ho comes to-morrow morn ing.' He spoke with animation, and Dr. Weber saw before him tho old Maubray ho had wished to see. Maubray returned to tho theme of tho drug. 'What would bo tho etfeot if a double doso were taken?' 'A man in perfect health would sleep for three or four days. Ono in feeblo health might nevor awake.'' 'And a trebledose?' ' Would bo fatal.' 'Instantly fatal?' 'No. Within the hour, I should think, In a doso so large there would be a curious variation. Instead of sending the man to sleep, it would* keep him awake, till death supervened.' ' A death of suffering ?' 'A perfectly painless death.' ' Would ho lose the use of his faculties?' 'He would retain them to the last.' 'Thon the death trance,' said Maubray, thoughtfully. ' It is fortunate that tho Becrot of this drug is known to few.'' 'I believe it to bo known only to myself, 1 1 said Dr. Weber. 'My discovery of its effect was accidental. In its uatural state it is comparatively harmless ; I prepare it in a certaiu way, and that is my secret. Only to you would I intrust so largo a quantity. You will be careful of it, Maubray.' 'Trust me. I will not inia-use it.' Hero the conversation ended, and next day Maubray began work on his famous picture of Marguerite. The image of GabricUo was still in his mind, and he thought of her con stantly, but the sharp pang inflicted by her death had passed away, and in its place reigned a sad and tender memory. In their conversations Dr. Weber referred frequently to Valerie, and Maubray wrote to her now moro regularly and at greater kngth. Gradually and suroly he re gained his usual serenity, and con templated recalling his daughter home at no distant date. Events hastened the fulfil* tnent of thiB intention. Madame Hartmann's husband died and she was loft a childless widow. Maubroy seized the opportunity. Ho sent for Valerie, and invited his sister to take up hor abodo with him. She joyfully consented, and presently domestic happiness once more reigned in the artist's home. No shadow fell upon the peaco of Crow's Neat until Maubray intercepted the letter which Professor Fleury had sent to his daughter. Two months had passed sinco then, and all tho efforts raado by Maubray to discover tho writer had failed. The picture of Gabrielle whioh he had painted hung upon the wall of his studio in the Ruined Tower. CHAPTER XII. A bracelet and some old lace from Madame Hartmann, ' With loving felioitations to my dear niece Valerie'; a dainty watch, exquisitely enamelled, from Dr. Weber, ' With affectionate wishes from an old friend'; a sot of flower vases from the sorvants in Crow's Nest, 'With dutiful respects to our young mistress' ; a fan, upon each leaf of ' whioh was an allegory, a poetical fancy, or a | scone from nature, painted by Bernard Maubray, 'To Valerie, with hor father's love ' ; & bouquet of white and red roses tied with a ribbon on which was inscribed, 14 From Maurice to Valerio'; these, with flowers and remombrances from humbler friends by whom she was loved, lay about tho room, and on tho tablo by which Valerio was sitting on her twenty-tfeird birthday. It was noon of a beautiful day in June, and all things contributed to tho young girl's happi ness ; tho soft breeze, the dreamy clouds, tho rustling of tho leaves, wero in harmony with Valerie's mood. Uneventful as her lifo appeared to have been, sho had passed through a storm harder to bear because, like a mother protecting her young, she had taken its full force upon her shoulders but this heart-trial was over, and ! peaco hold out his arras to her. Sho gazed at tho gifts, and, moving about tho room, handled them gratefully and tonderly ; in tho dumb memorials there was a spiritual lifo whioh spoko to her in loving accents, glorify ing her natal day with affection worthily won and richly desorved. Gentle and sweet to nil s who cam'o in oontaot with hor, recognising no uifforenccs in nooial rank as a claim upon tho measure of her regard, no less merciful to the poor than to tho rich, it would have been Btrango indeed had sho failed to win ? affection, for though there is much .mat is mean and time-serving in tho world, there aro beneath this sordid crust storling qualities which ring true when brought within tho influonco of mioh unselfish kindness, Valerio showed to. high and Jowalike. Tito gifts by which she was surrounded wero proofs of tliis. Thoy were tho unsought re ward of tho efforts of an unselfish naturo ; they spoko of the past and the present, and tho bouquet of roses, emblem of tho future, ?ang its silent »ong of lovo. Sinking into a chair, sho raised tho flowers to her lips and kissed tliom, and with her closed oyes resting lightly ou tho leaves siw visions which stirred lerBoul.with a sacrcd 'joy. This was tho fpringtimo of her lifo ; the promise of summer S'as Bmiling upou her. There had been dark ays in tho paut, days of sorrow and anguish » which she had watched tho fading of a life iear to hor a«d most dear to hor fathor, days tnlightcncd by a word of sympathy, and for tome timo thereafter alio' had not knowu B?® oo ; but oa this happy day tbeso gricfo GK£%fergoticS in the reverie into which sht had fallen, wherein'was depicted in glowing colours tho realisation of a maiden's sweetest hopes. Bernard Maubray entered the room while sho was thus engaged, and so absorbed was sho that she was not aware of his presence. Ho stood regarding her with a tender smile, .divining, her thoughts, and sympathetically recalling tho fimowhenho himself indulged in dreams such as this dear child of his heart was dreaming. . His love for Valerie's mother and for Gabriello had not faded from his memory, but hnd merged itself into lovo for the ono being of. his blood who was left to him~a loco ./is absorbing as that which tho youog girl entertained for Maurice. 'Thus did I once dream,' ho thought. 'May she be spared tho shadows which fell upon my lifo !' Presently he laid his hand upon her shoulder, and she opened hor oyes and blushed ; but she did not lay the flowers asido. He had come from his studio in tho Ruined Tower, where, with FriSa for model, ho had been engaged since breakfast on his new picture of TJndino. His first words wero of Frida. ' I have given her an hour's rest,' he said. 'If we overtire our models something is lost which it is hard to regain. Frida is a trea sure ; hor capacity for expression is extra ordinary. These' outwardly placid persons liavo strong hidden currents in them which opportunity brings to tho surface.' ' Then you havo done well this morning ?' said Valerio, slipping her hand into his as ho took his seat at her Hide. ' Does tho artist ever do well?' ho re- ; joined.^ 44 Is ho ever satisfied ? Ho dreams of an ideal and paints it in fairy colours ; ho muses, ho exults, ho stands boforo his canvas and commences with fervour. To the world ho says, under his breath, * I will show you a great work,' and to-day, when ho examines the labours of yesterday, he doubts, ho trembles,' ho sits in scornful judgment upon his masterpiece, which he finds after all but a bunding piece of work. Well for him that his vain boast was not heard.' 44 But it is always so with the artist,' said Valerie, kissing his hand. 'Yes, it is always so with him. Tho per formance never realises the dream. Then is ho haunted by mocking ghosts, then is ho Oortured by fears of failure. Down from tho heights ho topples in his own esteem, and finds himself but common clay. It is the just fato of the pigmy .who in a fine frenzy i believed himself a giant.' j 44 Maurice says that is the true artistic feeling. We are not competent to judge ourselves.' 14 Are we not indeed?' ho said affec- ! tionately. 44 So Maurice has been luring you into conversations upon art for tho purpose of airing his views. It is always what Maurice says — Maurice tho invincible, tho infallible, who issues his ultimatum and darea us to question it. Pray, who constituted him the judge? What credentials has ho? In what school has he learned to correctly gaugo the artistic sense, the artistic performance? How easy it is to be a critic ! Boys fresh from school presume to mar or mako reputa tions, presumo to say, 4 Well done,' or stroking their beardless chins suggest improvements in shadow and outline. This is tho world as it is to-day. I was not aware that Maurice was a painter, Valerie.' 'No fathor,' said Valerie, 'Maurice is not a painter but ? ' 'I will havo no 'buts.' Do you not seo that I am terribly in earnest? Is this great critic a painter?' 'No, father.' 44 1 thought as rnuoh. What is ho, then P' 44 Ho is ? he is Maurice,' sho said, with a smile. ? - 'Now, where shall I find an argument to ' meet that lucid description of Maurice? It ia unanswerable — oh ?' He took the bouquet from her hand. 44 He sent you these flowers — I seo the snake in tho grass— his card — and on it, 4 From Maurice.' Is tliefe magic in these simple words ? 4 From Maurice !' Ah, well, I must confess, I suppose. I had a let- . ter from Maurico this morning, and I won- ' dered at his reason for writing to me.' Sho ! looked np shyly, lovingly, smilingly. ' Traitor ! You knew he had written ?' 'Yes.' 4 4 Ho wishes to speak to mo upon a matter which he declaros is vital. Valerio, assist mo ; we will enter into a conspiracy to defeat him. What is this vital matter he wishes to discuss ?' ? ' Father !' ^ 'Yes, child.' y' 44 What will you say to ATaurice F' 44 What would you wish mo to say to him ? I am open to reason, Valerie.' Sho put her arms round his neck, and hid her face on his breast. 44 Which means that I must receive him courteously. I promise that. It is his duo ~I acknowledge it. He is a man of honour, of good family, an honest, earnest gentloman. What moro can a father desiro when the Happiness of a dear child is at st&ko; F Is | that, indeed, so, Valerio ?' 44 Yes, father.' ' 44 You lovo him ?' 44 Devotedly. Iwoulddio forhfm, and ho for mo.' 44 Yot I am bound to consider that ho comes to rob mo of a treasure moro prccious to me than lifo itself. What can I do to protect myself ? Forbid him tho houso ? Sot spies upon the publio road to warn mo of his , approach ?' ' She smiled, having no fear ; it was sweet to listen to this pretenco of disapproval, knowing, as sho did, that there was no sacrifico ho was not ready to make to ensure her happiness. 'Theso imperious lovors,' ho continuod, 44 aftor insidiously undermining tho strong hold, present themselves as conquercr**. Alexander himsolf could not bo more oot&» manding. So confidont are they that thoy do not oven draw thoir swords, but rushing upon you, cry 4 Victory,' and order you to sur render. And wo do it. What other course is open to us when tho ? dear traitor in our houso has stolen our arms, and opened tho gates to tho invader ?' His assumption of light humour, under which ho sought to con ceal his emotion, failed him here, and ho folded Valerio in his arras. ' You will not lose me, father. You will gain another child. Maurico has no parent*, and helovos and honours you. I should not bo your daughter if I provod ungrateful for all your goodness to mo. Wo havo hidden nothing from you, I think you must lmvo I seen ? ' ' Yes, I havo seen, and I am afraid cnconragcd. What docs your uutit say of Maurice?' ' She holds him in tho highest esteem.' 44 And so do I. I havo studied him, and I : bolievo him to bo a good man. If I did not I would not give you to him. Dear child, bo happy.' Ho ombraced her tenderly, and left her to ' meet Maurico Godefroy, whom ho &«*«* 'r*ss- ! ing the lawn. CHAPTER XIII., '' Gs&tlngs; exchanged, Bernard Maubray ! led tho young lawyer to his studio in tho Ruined Tower ; a. proceeding of good augury, for Valeria'* Lever know that uona bat the artist's most intiraato friends wero admitted thoro. Maurioo was not a nativo of Born ; ho was born and brought up in Paris, and upon tho advico of friends had solected the Swiss cityas a promising field for the oxerciso of his profession. Ho had had an uphill fight, and it was only after somo years of struggle that ho had succeeded in planting his foot firmly on the ladder. Through tho friendly offices of Dr. Wobor, whose good favour ho had won, a complicated caso bristling with difficulties had boon placed in his hands. Failuro was predicted by all the legal luminaries of Born, and Maurico felt that failuro meant moro to him than tho mere losing of tho case. Ho had seen' Valerio and loved hor ; but Dr. Webor alone was in the secret of his attaohniont to 'Bernard Maubray's daughter. ' You will not bo in a position to present yourself as hoi lovor,' said tho kind doctor to the ambitioua young man, 44 until yoii have mado a name f« yourself. Now provo the mottlo you are made of. Hero is a caso which ninety-nine lawyers out of a hundred would lose. Win it, and win Mademoiselle Valerie.' No greater incontivo could be given. ' Day and night wero devoted by *io young advocate to tho study of tlio^caso, &nd; in tho teeth oi immense odds and with a formidable array pi illustrious counsel against luro, ho had con- ducted it to a triumphant issue. Talented, ambitious, and .full of enthusiasm, he 'felt himself now justified in proffering his sui/ for Valerie's hand, and it was for this pur* , pose ho had written to Bernard Maubray foi j an interview on her birthday. I Introduced to the family by Dr. Weber h« soon became a favourite in Crow's Nest, and Abo progress of tho lovo affair wai watched by Bernard Maubray with sileni approval. Butprepared ashowas foritsnatural development it was not without a pang that ho contemplated surrendering his daughter to another man's care. Tho last few months oi. close association with her had proved to him that sho 'was. worthy of tho best he had to bestow. Ho was one of -thoso men .to whom tho bestowal of lovo brings tho sweetest , pleasures, and in common with all nobU natures 'ho found it a greater blessing to give i than to receive. , Tho sorrows of his past life wore chastened ; ho did not, he could not, forget, but the violence of his grief had passed away. To this happior frame of mind Valerie had largely contributed. Considerate and thoughtful to un unusual degree in a young girl, she had so ministered to him as to revive all that was best in 'his nature, and; at the same time to implant in his heart a boundless lovo for her. Thero was in this a possible danger — a danger that, under certain not impossible conditions, it might lead to violent . extremes. Had this been pointed out to him he would havo listened with incredulous oars, but it was none tho less triio that he had become morbidly nervous for her safety. The growth of this feeling commenced upon the receipt of tho letter which had been addressed to hor by an anonymous correspondent. Ho would wake up in tho middle of tho night with tho thought in his mind, 'Is Valerie safo?' and ho would steal from his room to listen at her door, aud to. walk softly through tho house and often into the' grounds in search of somo hidden enemy. Tendorand strong-minded as ho was, there camo into play a quality of intensity which caused him to insensibly magnify every incident or circumstance iu relation to her. Given a knowlcdgo or suspicion that her happiness was in peril, and that an enemy was really watching his oppor* tunity to do her an ill turn, he would havo 80 brooded upon it that it was likely tho ovea balance of his brain would be disturbed and his usually clcar judgment clouded. Thia partiality and disposition to morbifl inclining sprang.entirely from his- porsonal affections ; in all other matters ho was impartial an4 unbiassed. On two occasions a singular occurrence had puzzled him. On tho first occasion ho was sitting u^ late, when all in the house had retired to rest. Fancying ho heard a sound without, ho went into tho grounds to ascortain tho cause. Ho saw nothing, and heard nothing more to warrant tho fancy, but he brooded upon it, and. ho did not go to bed till past midnight. Tho next day, as ho was passing into tho public road through tho front gate, he saw upon tha ground a small gold pencil, of which ho recol* leoted having made free use before he went to his bedroom. Of this ho was oonvinced, and ho could not understand how it could havt found its way to the spot, upon whioh h* found it. On the second occasion tho introductory circumstances wero of a similar nature. Agai® he was sitting' up late when tho members of his household wero in their beds. Again ha fancied ho heard a sound outside tho housa. Ho stole to Valerie's door and hear4 her soft breathing. .She slept with heff door unlocked, and with a night-light burn ing. Softly opening the door, ho saw thaJl sho was slumbering peacefully. Again ha went out, and could discover no cause for th« fancy. It was raining, and thero was mud ou tho paths. Ho recollected, or thought bo recollected, that upon his return to tho hous® ho had exchanged his muddy shoes for a pah of slippers. Again ho retired to rest after mid night. The next morning he noticed theft the slippers he had worn, and which now lay on the bedroom floor, were covered with mud. Ho asked himself how the mud could ha?* got upon them, and he searched his memory whether he had worn them before he went into the grounds. After a period of reflection ho deoided that his memory must be at fault, and that they must havo been on his fe«t whon ho walked through tho grounds. He j mado no mention of these incidents, and, no 1 further alarm occurring, ho ceased to troublo himself about them. Closeted now with Maurice, the young man explained the purport of his visit, and in modest and well-chosen words solicited Maubray's consent to his suit with Valerio. ' Certain worldly questions must be asked ? and anewered beforo I can give you a reply, '? said Maubray. 'There is a material side ta» this matter. What can yon offer my daughter?' , 44 An honoured name, sir, and tho prospect j of a prosperous future, whioh it is my deared hopo sho will share.' ' Nothing moro ?' ' A love as devoted as it is in tfce uhn man to feel.' 'It should count for much,' said Bemud Maubray. ' It is a sacred cliargo you ttsfe c£ mo.' - ' I will bold it to. To mako her hapay shall bo the object of my life.' Thero was a pause beforo Bernard Maubrtrt spoko again. It was a promise ho himseo had made in years good by, and whbfc with all his earnestness he had eudcavosred to fulfil. ' As to yecir preseut means ?' 44 Thoy are not, large. lean maintain* brae in fair comfort. Our state will not to luxurious, but thero is tho futuro.' 44 Yes, thero in always the futuro. A naturo such as Valerie's can bo happy with* out luxury.' 'Thon you consent, sir?' said Maurico. 41 Not yot,' replied Maubray, smiling a| ?tho young man's eagerness. ' Youth is san guino and impetuous. Before monoy, bofom lovo even, stand honour and integrity. I do . not say it of you, nor do I Kispect it, or w* should not now ho discussing a matter denr t© ine as to you, but thero are men who offer 0 innirloti the stalo lees of a lifo ot' disrepute^ who hold what I deem sacred in small esteem. Such unions breed misery. They may brirt^ a gross xileasure to tho husband, but thqff bring a moral death to tho wife. In suca caso mari iago is not a blessing, but a curse.' 44 1 entirely agree with you, sir.' 14 Toll mo something of your pa»l Maurice.' fTO DE CONTINUED.] IVSC-Q Mrs. Dix: 44 Isn't your mother very gld you havo. recovered from tho whoops^ cough?' Dick: 'I don't believe so, ma'am-t you can't think how' it am^tml tho baby.' Colonel John Morgan»$'.vaUayoroF Brecon reoently signified Ms imtec&oii; of laying dowe at bib own cost plant -£le «lectrio lightiyt} otftJw town. It ia «it3igr{j£ert that tikis j-taetfen% mean a ^ ^ ^ 