S UER FIRST PATIENT. It was a proud, day for Marpla I'iY,'ins when, after four years’ hard, work In a | celebrated medical school, she returned,to I her native." city, rented; and fum|shed a tiny office on the main streuU'huing. o gilt' sign In the window nnd sat down to await n call from some afflicted one. Martha - wua a ’‘new woman" in the sweetest, noblest and purest sense of that much-abused word. She had none of the coarse, many affectations that, so many women'suppose they must- display In or der to Impress the world with tlielr mental superiority, but a holy desire to reliever mankind of a few of the. "Ills that flesh la.heir to" made her face radiant with Inspiration and her voice soft, with wo-' manly sympathy.. .' Dr Evans spent the first three days in I arranging and , re-arranging the little | office into which she had gathered numer toits tokens of love received from friends and admirers, and the place wore a de cidedly feminine appearance.. . : On the morning of the fourth day, lust' as she was entering the office door, a loud ring at the telephone mode, her heart leap with expectation., She. fairly ran to the Instrument and received:this mes "Please call at once at the' residence, of firs Qrcengo. Mr-Greengo is 111-." In her haste to answer the call she al most forgot her medicine -case. -.The Greengo residence was only'a fo.w blocks distant, but the 'short walk gave Martha time to compose herself and-, when old Mrs Greengo greeted her ,th.e. youthful physician was as quiet, andidjgnlfled as if her.life was an old story..!%': 1 "You remember me,:dO]n’t.;,1ypu, my dear?" asked Mrs Greengo; extending hei hand, and Martha repljgd-: - . “To be sure I do; but who -is Mt Greengo? 'TthoughtyouWere a.,widow. “I am a widow, my dear. Mr GreengA If my nephew, a very brilliant'young law yer, but somewhat given, to melabthcjly. lie seemed well enough when'he- came down tills morning, but a few. minutes ago become ill and. asleep nge. tajicall you.” \- So saying the old lady, li^.t^i.w-ay; Into tlie sitting roomi', wherd -Mg QJ&Hfgo;,; clad in dressing1 gowin and ',SllnP0??V and. with eyetS'cloaSd; lay stretched at surjdength.on _■’VHCrfc • a'great couclf Before' therflreploce.'VHere is the doctor,. Ifauhl thy' dcar/lahnounped j,Ira Greengo,' and then she seated, heroelf bn tile couch at his feet. . ' ' ' The man oil the couch -moved ms bead slightly, but made no other sign of bay ing heard,. . , Martha’s quick eye noted the giant frame, the long black holr.tohd the large, strong mouth, ns she drew a choir to hto side, and, laying,-lipr tlny flngers on Ills wrist, asked in Betide tones: "What Is the' trouble,. Mr Greengo? Wliero ore you 111?" : Without opening his eyes he replied, crossly: "I am a lawyer, madam, and not a physician,' How. do I know what Is the trouble? -I sent tor- you to find, out." . "Yes, sir; I know,”sald the lady,, coast lngly. "But you must tell mo how yov feel. Your pulse la quick, but with nt sighs of. fever. Show me your tongue.” He''extended a large, red, clean tongu< and Martha continued, In sweet, cousin .’.'Yovtr torigue.1* peculiarly bpalthy lool lug, eo, It‘cannot be -your 8tomus*v N.oi tell me, have you pain in place? Ai you. dizzy, or faint?" The patient open: 3 i a pair of large, melancholy brotjn eyes* looked her squarely in the face, and* laying his hand over his left breasfl, said;; •'For a . long, long time I have had ;u ' fitra ng el y n uin 1 >, ei« pt V fee Hu g righ t here. And a'pain—not an ache—but such a pain, us I used .to huye in childhood, when my mother punishedme.v 1 feel Mho wee pin gr Homcrimes, and. lately, on Hove?*al* occa sions, my heart has palpitated so wildly that it. made me faint and ill." Martha’s checks Hushed lightly. Kneel ing beside lilm. she laitl her Vnr against hlH clK^l and listened. Truly, the pulsa tion of his heart was peculiarly rapid. “Are you too ill to rise?" she asked "Why, if It is necessary. I suppose X can standi’' he replied, savagely, rising to I MisGreengo shook her head and look ed frightened. Dr Evans smiled roguish ly. “I wish to get my car between your ! shoulders, Mr Greengo," who said, quietly I eying tlic tall iigure before her. “Shall I | stand on the couch or will you sit down? I And pleas- r emove your droning gown." ' . He smiled, just ihe ghost of a smile, and : sat down. He was so helpless it. required ! the assistance of both ladles to remove I his dressing gown. The doctor then took: i two st range-looking instruments? from her ■ grip'and proceeded io give Mr Grcengote | heart and lungs a thorough examination. When It was completed she replaced the ! Instruments and seating herself beside the cough, she.saUl, quietly: , : “Mr Orecngu. 1 fall to find the least f symptoms of disease about you. I think you have overtaxed your nervous system., a tittle, and need some rest ami recreation. If yon will spend a month in amusing . yaunsolf, mostly in ■ * outdoor exercise...anil will leave work urid books and business entirely out of; (lie programme, I will ' give you a Jlttle tonJc and,a promise that you will fee)’us sound :is ever before the month is out.” She* gave him the pre scriptloll-slicnlipd 4been" writing while she was speaking, abd.Yhon mi she drew' on h,er gloves, turned* to Mra Green go arut began an Animated Conversatiurf about, old times and old friends. Paul Green go watched her a few min utes, a . .henvy frown IkHwocn his eyes, then arose and left the room without a. Two^daya later, as Dr Evatwi sat'before her own cozy grate lire reading the morn ing paper, the office door opened and Green go entered. “I have been doing just as you (old rae^, doctor.” he said, “and 1. am feeling much worse. In fact, I have never keen so. -, miserable in aU-jmy life as.I have theso . last! two dayfl." / „ /( 1 ' ■■ ■■ Martha’s. : great.;, bide eyes filled with “Mr Ort*engo,’’ sj/e Raid, ‘.‘you:knepv 'I. *. am just a* young fyhyaiclan.and.have hail little experience, T sliuil ke’glad if yba will consult some one older and wlaep . "Nm I will not," lie replied stoutly. “I. don’t want any one else, t am sure you can help me; that. is. why. I called this morning. I • want to tell you that I feci horrible when I am alone and I, believe I need cheerful company.* X wonder ir -you cannot arrange your work so as to drive with me for an hour 6»:-sa every morning?" * He looked so helpless and. miserable, tliis great giant with the melancholy eyes, that Martha answered, readily: VI will, Mr GreengoV for 1 am very, . anxious to>help you." ': *\\*: ( . Ariel so It came about that they.;.dr.ove together - every morning thereafter "and little Dr Evaps amused her big patient . with, merry conversation; and he began at once to mend. •_ The days and the- weeks riewby and Martha'a.paticnts increased .in number, ‘but. not in importance. One morning In June Paul entered the. . little office on. Main street with a ourioun . twinkle In'hte eyes. ..... ' .. /•Dpcfor,**' -she’ said. “I wish you t^oultb . listen to my heart this.morning. \ \i Martha-looked alarmed'and immediate ly arose and laid .her * ear against, the broad chest from which Paul had drawn his 'coat and Vest. VDo. yqti not hear a strange sound, there, doctor?" he asked. “No, I do not, I\lr Greengo.” alie rc- • plied...“It seems to me your heart.benta wonderfully strong and true," . • ‘ She, moved away, but he drew her tt» 'him. .... •’ “Something is. wrong with your ear. Martha,"* he said, “for I hear it plainly. : a*little song In my heart that sings evert : ; ’j love-you;. I love you, ,1 love you.* **: ‘.'PaubGreenRo!" cried Martha, drawing: * herself from his embrace and looking an grily into his soft eyes, "have you been . ^ fooling me all . this time?" . . ;; . "No, dariirig," he replied, "I .bave huff ■ all the symptoms ‘ I told you, of. The burning craptiiicss mid pain cwno into my .heart., the. morning I saw you place that ■little sign in.'the window. After that . every time J saw you or heard your name * or eye'n thought of you my heart would leap into my throat and there palpitate. * so. wildly I could hardly breathe,; ..Don’t give me any mar e.p ills or, prescriptions, . dear» but give 'me "your own sweet: selt-. andT'shall be'welt and happy the'r^si oC ' my days;" ; y. ; ■■ '■.**..;. :*'. /.; '- ' ;,* , Paul is Martha’s only patient now an^ she declares she has all she:tat? Attend —"Chicago Ncws."1 ■ . . : ; 