( THE GREAT BIVER. ; Vast and Varied Meets of Vessels. Pieturesque Sights. Third In point o£ size, but first in commer cial utility or the rivers of the world, tlia "'Great River," as the Chinese call the Ynng- "tse, Is unquestionably the queen of Asiatic ".waterways— "the ninin artery," as Mr. Colqu- . houn has termed it; "indeed, the only real 'channel for trade between Eastern and West- ' era China." For a thousand miles from its ' inoubi to the mountain barriers and world- famous gorges of Ichang "the river" is tra versed by great fleets of river steamers, spe- i dally built for the purpose in British ynrds. As far as Hankow you sec the well-known flags of the merchant marine and Chinese men-of-war are alternntedNvlth the gunboats of all the great Powers (writes H. W. Law- son. in London "Daily Telegraph). From Shanghai to Hankow there run daily regular lines of river boats belonging to the great houses of the China trade, which "pool" the traffic, and from Hankow connections are taken up with smaller steamers under the sariie ownership, making their way to the mouth of the Rapids. Wherever the river nar rows to a gorge or passes between the high cliffs, which rise in places as sheer as the granite coast of Norway, the Chinese have constructed forts on a more or less modern plan, and for their armament have bought a certain number of big Krupp guns.. For In stance, the East and West Gales are A SECOND GIBRALTAR In the natural slrengtli of their position, and even .with the most Ignorant of Chinese gun ners might close the upper river to foreign heen considerably changed of late years. In the old days of comfortable monopoly, . though the volume of river-borne commerce ,was not a tithe of what it is now, freights ruled high nnd competition ivas small. Then the Chinese themselves embalked in the ven ture; and the China Merchants' Company, principally owned by Li-Hung-Chang, 'entered the list of carriers. Rates liud to be reduced and the employment of English officers to be but down. Lastly ithe Japanese, put a line fleet of boats on the river,' and at the beginning of this year the Germans began to break up the old and time-honoured arrange ments Willi a number of .steamers chartered by the North German Lloyd-Company, which in tonnage and extent now stands at the head of the world's shipping.. Things would look bad for the existing, companies were it not for the fact that the traffic and business are ever .an the upward grade. What is more/striking than steam traffic is the ceaseless SWARM OF NATIVE JUNKS painted to all the colours of the rainbow and hailing from every port in China. At Iehang.tlie line of these junks extends in the trade seasons,, for three miles without a break; and it is not exceptional to see some two or three hundred on a single reach of the stream Strongly built, with high poops and square prows, such ancient craft remind one of the trading vessels of the Middle Ages. Each city gives its junks its p'eculiar cut and colouring, and most of them boast two huge black and white eyes in the boivs, so placed that .no want of foresight on the boat's part may bring disaster to the owner. The rigging is of.'thc simplest, and in the square-cut sails . every sort of material finds :a . patch, albeit .they are mainly stitched together, of the roughest of reed matting, marked as a rule, ' iwitif Chinese characters of auspicious omen. Up to Chung King, SCO miles above Ichang, ard beyond, these junks carry me goods of Europe— the Manchester cottons, and what they call in China the "muck and truck" that halls from Germany— and down again they ccme with silk and cotton and opium. It Is a sight to see one of the great junks towed over the rapids above Icliang and through th'e "chow" waters of the gorges. A ghng of coolies, half-clothed in .the eternal blue, or more often not clothed nt ail, thirty, forty and. fifty strong, tug at the huge boats with bamboo ropes, bearing an enormous: direct strain, hut apt ko break at cross-purposes. To each gang there is a boss or contractor, who undertakes the job from the junlc-owher, and is responsible for the safe conduct' of his property. The men under him are free la bourers, working for the munificent hire of two or three dollars for a month's hauling, hut none, the less their paymaster encourages the-m with a plentiful shower of bamboo and foul language. Like the old galley-slaves', the gangs of towing-men sing in chorus ,ali the while a melancholy refrain of "ohs!'.' and ."yaiisi" ' To haul a junk from Ichang to Chung King takes at least a month, and liotv this unceasing labour Is performed day by day Is a mystery to all but those who reailse What amount of labour a Chinaman can com pass. ANOTHER FEATURE OF, THE WATER- .WAY. not less picturesque is the succession of tim ber-rafts going down the Yang-tse after they have left one of the tributary streams that fall In on both sides every mile of its course. They are like nothing but floating islands, their large resident population, living in huts hullt upon the storeyed ranks of lumber cun ningly lashed together. Not only do these bear human habitations, but a temporary joss-house is provided, where sacrifice can be offered, and the gods propitiated. Except in a few favoured ports, where strict regulations are' enforced by Bund municipalities, the Chinese contrive to make night on the rivers hideous by their sleepless vigils. To please the deities and to secure fair winds crackers ore fired, tom-toms are struck, and every night a cock is killed, that by the sprinkling of his blood the boat may be made proof against evil spirits. No precautions seem too great to ward off the demons of the air. Among the junks the most conspicuous is Ithe war-junk, or river gunboat. At various points on the lower river there are small squadrons of these antiquated warships, gay with flags, and armed with the same cannon that were used against us in the fifties. In "them are soldiers blight in coats of orange and green, or blue and red, and seldom armed, there or elsewhere, with anything more deadly than a fan. Their use Is sup posed to he to put down piracy, hut on the lYang-tse piracy has not of late heen a serious question, although river thieves are con stantly captured, even: on large steamboats. Besides the brilliant gunboats of the Chinese Navy, there pass to - and fro police boats, manned and roived by coolie-soldiers, and all furnished in the hoivs with long, obsolete caption, dating from the last century. Tliey differ in no respect from a big sampan; or river rowing boat, save in the soldiery on v hoard. .. Both banks of the Yang-tse are dotted with towns of first-class importance, and nowhere In China is there a larger cen tre of trade and population than in the triple Cities of Ilan- . kow. Hanyang, and Wuchang, the flrst two. ; «n the north, and the last on the south, the . residence of the great Viceroy of the two A provinces of Hupeh and.Ji.unan, Chong-chl- Tung, the life-long rlvnl and enemy of the old fox, U-IIung-Chang. Hankoiv itself is the chosen home of the Russian, tea trade. There in large factories the tea-leaves are put through' an elaborate process of compression. Mixed with a coarse dust, under the tread of many feet, they are steamed to a boiling heat and then' put into a wooden frame to be com- pressed in the different compartments by wooden stamps into the hard cakes, or slabs, that are universally consumed In Eastern Russia and Siberia. This tea trade is wholly in the hands of Russian subjects, mostly Siborlnns, and the cases. are shipped north niid west In the subsidised cruisers of the Russian Volunteer fleet. A year or two ago an attempt was made by some English ship-, owners TO PARTICIPATE IN THIS NATIONAL TRADE, ' . V. " ' : ' but without success, for. the: duties and fines at Odessa and the other ports of destination were so heavy as more.tlian to eat .up the possible profit. t Except in the rich province of Szechuanj the peasants and yeomen dwell in large vil lages, modelled in every particular of their squalid narrowness upon the plan of a regu lar city, without its encircling walls. Mutual Eimplcion, it not actual conflict, is the habit of life, and. to live in quick-set village com munities is to carry out tlie obvious and con venient principle. Chinese society rests upon a basis of mutual guarantee through family and neighbourhood, and to lead art Isolated existence is to fun counter to the main cur rent of national instinct. ' Front the mean and tortuous alloys that fringe the riverside men and .women pour out nt daybreak to the labour of the fields, and, save in time of flood, allow themselves little time" to rest their weary 'limbs.- When, the flood comes, their ramshackle habitations, run up of mud and reeds, are cither swept away or utterly tyatcr-logged for the season. Tliat is as nothing to Chinese equanimity. The house Is put to gether again, and' the mishap Is set down to the inevitable malignity of the river-god, who hits not been sufficiently , fed and pam pered at the shrine hard by. As becomes a great emporium, THE BANKING GUILD of China Is very strong and wealthy at Han koiv. A "peculiarity of the Empire is that banking Is almost entirely in the hands of men of the province of Sliansl — not one would think, a likely place of origin. These Shansl bankers stick together, as do Chinese' pro vincials' everywhere; in fact, the provincial feeling is so strongly developed that n clttzen of one province can seldom understand the dialect spoken in another, nnd nlivays feels, when outside his home, "a stranger In. a strange land." At Hankow the different provinces which have any considerable standing in the local trade go to the length of being represented in. the- city by provincial agents or consuls, who act on behalf of; their fellow-provincials when their good offices are required. Then, again, ns .trades are so largely dependent on local distinctions, tha trade guilds correspond to the localities. The ShnnSt men have their Sy-cee guild, and a really splendid building the guild-house is. You see it from afar up and down stream by reason of the different pavilions being roofed with yellow, blue, nnd green tiles In. every combination, of form and shade. Inside it is divided into courts, with miniature gardens, temples, and playhouses. Like all Chinese buildings, the roofs are curved with upturned eaves, capped by circular, flat-topped tiles. Massive wooden pillars, encrusted with gold, support the pavilions, and scarlet silk is largely used for the internal decoration in long, pendant scroirn anu cuuum», -"V"-" wood and lacquer work face the beams and platforms, and ancient hells find gongs .of bronze ard placed about the "josses." The guest-rooms, where the members can havel tea and take counsel with one another, are much loss elaborate in design; but, in com parison with the slovenly and tawdry discom fort of the ordinary Chinese house, they are marvels of taste and cleanliness. It is curious to note that everywhere you find the "joss," and everywhere the theatre, where the interminable plays can be' given by the strolling companies. Chinese architecture and masonry are at a low ebb. The- Tartar tent, reproduced in painted wood and half- baked brick, is not a noble or fructifying ideal. HANYANG . is a sort of Western, extension of Hankow, and appears from the river to be part of the same city, save where the city walls, of the regular Chinese pattern of grey brick, with small itoivers and castellated battlements, mark them off from one another. The Chinese idea, of adequate fortification is very curious. It Is to Include in the arenas vast a space as possible, and to carry the city boundary, like the Great-Wall' Itself, over every hill and down every valley in the neighbourhood. Nanking, for example, which lies some tivo miles from the south bank of the Lower. Yang-tse, has twenty-seven miles of city wall. In many places, war, pestilence and famine have played strange pranks with the. population. Among thetn; Nanking, the ancient capital of the Middle Kingdom before the time of the Manchu; dynasty, has but a quarter of its old-time grandeur and of its former number of inhabitants, for it was the very focus of the Taeping rebellion, and the "Wangs held out there to the very last. De solated alternately by the rebels and the Im perial troops, except as the seat: of a vice regal government, it has become of quite secondary importance. Its famous porcelain pagoda was destroyed by the English sol diers, and of its other notable buildings hardly one now remains, whilst the recent settlers havo"pf.eferrcd to take up their resi dence irt a. now district to the west of the old city. . So there stretch the walls round a great tract of country, a feiv houses only scattered over the main part of it, and show ing, by the fact that they stand so long, the goodness of the original' building which has stood so many and so fierce assaults. The Taeping rebellion laid . waste much of the Yang-tse valley, and constantly in winding walls one sees all that is left ' of historic cities. . The banks and hills of the Yang-tse are sprinkled and clothed with the tombs of gone- ration upon generation. It lia3 been said that at first sight China looks like one huge graveyard. Worship of ancestors, observ ance for the fathers that begat them, is the great fact of Chinese religion— the only vital point in all the systhms of the Flowery Land. Consequently, to disturb the bones of the dead,, except for heavy compensation, is an offence against society of the gravest kind. Miles of country, mostly hills, are givc-m up to the burial of the Celestial dead, and none of this ground is used for residence or cultiva tion. Any day you may see a family party squatting round a new-made grave, to eon- lain all that is left of a lucky ancestor, whose very bones bring dollars to his clan. Of real reverence In all this there is hardly any. A Chinaman burns his "joss-stick," and pro longs his mourning from months into 'years, in order that his father's spirit may not haunt' him, and that tha ghosts of those who have gone before may not liover about, without food and raiment, and bring bad luck to him and ills. It is nil fear of "bad joss." Be sides, the Chinaman does as he would be done by, and he expects his son, or the- pan he has adopted for the purpose (It is the whole pur pose of Chinese adoption), to earo for his "manes," as ho did in his turn. So, both .banks of the Yang-tse owe to the Taepings and their turbulent predecessors many thous ands of dead men's acres in real mortmain tenure. 