Crumbs. Zoo. IhilL Bikes. • Tivoli. Cloudy. Cauliield Cu;„ Theatre Royal. "Plugger Bill." WJiat is your tip? Rosa Show next week. A new story on page 2. 9 Is a tlourmill a factory? "Our- Boys at the Front." Humours of Tommy Atkins. Procession by Shoe Company. "Banjo" opens Monday night. "Banjo" Paterson next week. "Molley's Fortunes" on yage 2. "Hands Across the Sea" to-night. Some fine cycle racing anticipated. Century Fair at the Port—last day. What has become of the Protector? Christmas "Observer" getting ready. O.B.L strawberry fete next Saturday. What.sort of a reception will Martin get? Don't forget the gunners' ball neat Friday. Result of Caulfield Cup will be posted at Oval. The Congregationalists have had a week of it. Entries close for O.BJ. bike races on Thursday. Great crowd at the Adelaide Oval this afternoon. Tickets for the dance of the boys in blue going well.' A two days' cycle • meeting costs nearly . £400 to i-un. Col. Gordon will meet Mr. A. B. Paterson on his arrival. "Banjo" invites invalided soldiers to his opening lecture- Rev. G. Rayner's address to Congregational Union on page 6. « Who will be the next to endow a cot at the Children's Hospital? The Governor,. Lady Tennyson, and the two boys up the .Murray. The vital clause in Part six. was. struck out on the Chairman's vote. So many going as Aldermen that there mil be -i difficulty in getting Councillors. The Rev. P. R. P. Dodd on ."Husbands and Wives" at • the Cathedral to-morrow night. Weeks ago the Crumbman forecasted- that there would be no tramway legislation this session. IDndeavourers looking out for the return of the General Secretary on Monday aftei> noon per tie Ophir. • The late Marquis of Bute, who wae an ardent Roman Catholic, ' bequeathed £100,000 to Catholic charities. Cup Week.—Derby Day, November 3; Cup' Day, November 6; Oaks Day, November 8; Steeplechase Day, November 10. A tender accepted for the School of Mines at £23,999. Air. George Brookman has contributed towards the cost of £15,000. Cool weather is expected to be served out for the Artilley Brigade social and ball at the Town Hall on next Friday, October 26." , i j (j ' i m we Russia is impatient of the presence of the allies in China, and as a sign of disapproval of their doings is gradually pursuing an independent policy. For the fiyst time for many years • South Australia possesses riders capable of rendering a good account of themselves against intercolonial cracks. General Louis Botha, who for some weeks has been moving about the country to the north of Lydenburg, is reported t6-be advancing with a Boer force against that town. The Secretary of a cricket club which .was to have played the Register's to- day -writes: —"The match is off; we capnot get a team. All our fellows are coins to see 'Piaster Bill." The departure of Sir Redvers Buller has restored "heart" to the enemy, but Lydenburg is strongly occupied and well provisioned, and the movement can only end in defeat. The triumph of -tie Liberals in the Pirn-' ci-oality—there were 26 returned, as against 4 Unionists—is attributed mainly to the desire for the disestablishment of the Church of England in Wales. ' Fifty-five members of the 1st Middlesex (Victoria and St. George's) Rifle Volunteers, >who are to represent the British volunteer corps, will sail for Australia about the middle of November, Ex-President Kruger has decided to "land at Marseilles, -where he will be welcomed by hotheaded Nationalists, whose hatred of England appears-to outweigh their sentiments of loyalty towards their Fatherland. A contract let by the British war authorities in India for" the supply of 2,000 tons of Victorian firewood for Chiina. The wood is pro-bobly required for camp purposes when the British troops go into winter quarters. Amongst the personal subscriptions received bv tihe Secretary of the Congregational 20th Century Fund were one gift of £1,000, one of £600, one of £500, two of £250, one of £200, one of £150, six of £100, and four of £50. Unhappily for the cause of Home Rule, Mr. Michael Davitt and some other Nationalists have prepared an address for presentation to Mr. Kruger, expressing grief at the Boer defeats and abhorrence of the conduet of the British nation. The Queen has directed that detachments of soldiers, representing all branches of the liritish Army, shall constitute a guard of honour to H.R.H. the Duke of York on the occasion of the opening of "the first Federal Parliament of the Australian Commonwealth. Baron von Bulow, the new German Chancellor, will encourage the Emperor William to carry out his schemes, and with the hearty, support of England and Italy, if not also of Japan and France, Germany should be able without Russia's assistance to reduce the Chinese Court to submission. The War Office notify that the order in wliicvh the British troops wiill return to England depends entirely upon the military exigencies of the situation, and that the "exigencies" are based on the proportion of the various arms required for the task of restoring tranquillity to the annexed •territories. Sydney Government Statistician, in his estimate of the area under crop during the present season, gives' the total under wheat at 1,910,539 acres, compared with 1,840,979 acres last season, an increase of 69,560 acres. The area reported as being intended for threshing, is 1,605,893 acres, or 179,727 in excess oi last year. ' In reply to ah arrogant note from Li Hung Chang and Prince filling, suggesting terms of settlement which no self-respecting Power could accept in the circumstances, the French Ambassador intimated that hostilities must continue until the scoundrels Prince Tuan, Hang Yi, and Tung Fuhsiang have met a just fate at the hands of the executioner. General Buller, in returning thanks at Pieterinaritzburg for the gift of a sword of t honour, , , ; admitted . that , . he had rightly - lost the chief command after the Oolenso re verse, but declared that no soldiers had S confessed that for some time he Had regard- I . , ... rega.raed the relief of Ladysmith as a forlorn | h o ,H e - , ,. ,. | Until recent years dictionaries weie com- J piled somewhat carelessly, words oeing j merely copied from one" to another; thus > there is a list of actual bogus words that ] have dictional autnoritv. An instance of I this is the word "phantomnations," given leaning the gibbeting o£ ghosts, with ] . ope as an authority. It is singly a case^of I misprint, Pope having spoken of "the phan-j nations of the dSid'," and the composi- ^ — tor having "run the two words ^ together, \- t W i as printers say. Old issues of Webster and ; other dictionaries contained this word. j In regard to Constitutional and i'arlia- j mentary reform, the Victorian Govern- j lment proposes:—Reduce the Governor's salary to £5,000 a year, and dispense with costly entertainments. Eight Ministers to | receive in the aggregate JiS,400 a year; this • means a reduction of two -Ministers, lie-. ducc the Assembly to SO members, and je the Council to 40 members. Reduce the j qualification for membens and electore ot . the Legislative Council to the basis of the| ratepayers roll with the adoptioniof anaie , electorates for the Council.and Assembly, I and women's suffrage. Alro permit Minister in either House to explain a Liil in the other House if- requested to do so. 