Original Verses. ? $ ? Tho Ghost that Stolo tho Oattlo. [A Pastobalist Legend.] It won on tho miry Bruggn* plain tho ' oattlo ghost'1 hold sway — ? Brugga, whoro whan winter tompeBta groan, Mystery Boema to hovor, and tho worst of witchen stray, And solitude oooma bettor loft Mono ; Whoro the nontlcrod yarran makoa yotmoro weirdly draar Tho acrid nights, or snllon, of our hoary- hoadod June. Tboro it wos th' ' warlock' firat elootod to apponr, At th' waning und the Bhrouding of tho moon, To ooaro tho sleepy droverB, and drlvo with ' myotlo roin' Tho panic-atriokon oattle o'or tho plain. No loat-o aBked he to scour that stock renerve Of Beak or Board, for scorning human oare, Ho oame a wraith, ondowod with spectral nerve, ABtrldo a phantom courser, 'on tho air,' To pick and ohooae tho fattest of the booveB, To laugh with ghoBtly gleo whon th' drovers ran In spoeohlesB dread amid tho dripping leaves ; Then disappeared, na only goblins oan, In lightning hnBto (or so it wsb averred) Upon tho wind behind the forayed herd, Whito foil tho driving ralu in torronta down As tho dogs and drovera skurriod to'ards th' town, Dark tales wero told of Brnggn long before Tho night tho awful 'ghoat' wa3 first eepled By Queensland drovers camping with three score Of bullocka from th1 far ChinohilU side. 'Twbb said a squatter's ghost had ta'on a 'lien' For mllea around tho lonely, scrub-girt plain, With tho spirit of a stockman who had boon Wrongly strangled as th' murdored squatter's Cain ; And thus the twain together, but aometimcB only one, Camo out ou phantom horses to haunt th' Brugga. run, Until tho truth ahould triumph, and the reprobate should dlo Who causod this doublo murder in tho 'merry' dayB gone by. But Doubt, that frownB all ghoBtly loro away, Soon came tho Btrange, uncanny tales to hear — Of moha that ' broke,' and teamB that wont astray, And drovers youog who'd turnod half-grey with fear, And carriers, atout and daring hitherto, Who, hiding 'uoath their waggons held their breath Whon th' dreadful apparition oame in view — (Hia. infamous intorjtions to pursue) All shrouded in tho coremonts of death — Until at length old aquitter Doubt grew vext. 'A duffing ghoat! b-) d ? d I' he said, 'what next!' And laughod at all the BtorleB, and rcokoned it unfair To think an honest squatter's ghost Bbould turn a cattle Blayer. iud then to prove the stories told wero v*in The sturdy, doabtlng squatter CLRAN'ED HI3 GUN, And uhortly took the route for Brugga plain With a mob of flighty ateera off his run ; And with him wont two staghoundn atition bred ; And aomo woatherbeaten drover j, gaunt and tough, Who said 'twas time that all tho ghosts wore dead, Since the living found thu times quite hard enough ; And, byo ao.i bye, ono acrid evo, they reaohnd the hauntad moor, Lit their watch- fires round tho plain, and made their camp Beouro ; And thoo, anon, with bated breatb. as midnight drew anear, Waited, each behind a tree, for tho ' goblin' to appean It was a still and troBty night, and Bounds th' slightest boro Sharply on th' crackling air, and nearly bright as d.y Tho wintry moon, long biding, threw its waning light before Tho 'laager' where the Phantom's foes in aeoret ambu-h lay. Thus gdmly mused the squatter aa on the hours Bped — '?Thia duffer wont appear tonight, he'll wait for rain or Bnow ; It's past tho hour when churchyards yawn, and grnveB give up their dead, Ha ! ha ! I think I'll goto roost: What's that I' be turned — for Io ! A Bomothiog whito was racing round the outskirts of the wood ^ Close beBlde tho lignum whore the wildeot o&ttlo; etood. Three rifleB crocked upon the uight, and by the moon'B last beam, Tho Bhootera found a dying steed — part snbjoot of this theme — And, following on a gory track, long ere the break ? of day O'ertook tho wounded 'oattle ghost' who'd tried to run away. A Circuit Court in Mulgatown, and lawyera in galore ; A cadaverous ' cockle' in the dock, a man of bIx feet fonr ; A j ury- roll of aquattcrn and supers, half and half ; A Judge who owned a station, and was never knewn to laugh ; And soon, with Law bo buttressed, that Jong cada verous wight, All guarded and all shackled, waB hurried out of sight; And when next wo pasBed through Brugga with pikoret for the sale, Tho ' ghost' that atolo the cattle was doing time in gaol. G. M'A., Taloumbi Station, 'flrugga— a long way oil (New England aboriginal dialect) +Pikers — wild Queensland bullocks. 