Lover or Husband. CHAPTER XV. TTTH 'ENn fiV TttR PAKHAOE. Absolutely quiet, .Tacky stood close againefc the cold stone of the wall and waited. From tbe terrace above thick ivy trails cams down to meet tbe hedge lilrn stems of the creepers that were' rooted iu the damp grots at her feet, growing at a distance of u foot or more from the wall | by tight squeezing she could get behind them. Id the green gloom of their ever green leaves she lnnlrori fnnurrl f.hn nftnl i;hrnlltrh fchr» fr.inv naRRnr/p nf which the ombiuikmcnt mnde one side, tbe ivy trails and Hlfiras the other. There vraa tbe sicken ing swirl of the waters about three yards from her, close to the foot of the wall which apparently sprang out of it. But did it P Slowly nbo edged herself forward inch by inch ; utterly careless of slugs and snails she took oil her bat and laid it on the ground, so that it should nut catch in the ivy and matte thtt leaves. About a yard from the pool ghe stopped, mindful of tbatsomo one who was in the tunnel. To get out, would bo have to dive into that awful water that was sucking under ground with the speed of a mill race. Common sense told her even Lesard would not dare that! She was leaning forward eagerly when she whb conscious of a sound that was not the swirl of tbe water. A human sound that made her pull a thick banging branch of ivy toward her till it made an impervious screen, between her and tbe 'pool. Step by step she backed away till the green gloom off the creepers covered her. Whoever wns in that place was coming out ! What sho bad heard whs tbe cpring and landing of a heavy man orBometbing that creaked and gave under his weight. If it were Leenrd — if he came out and found her — could she get tbe better of him P Or would that durk water make 11 quick ending of Jacky . Hamilton by an ordinary accident that would need DO explanation. In the chill fear of death that came over her, sho bit. into bur arm to keep herself from screaming for help to Sir Charles and Gillian.. This new Leeard would btick at nothing to get her out of the way. ' I'll scream a thousand times before ho doeB it 1' her courage came back to her savagely. ' I won't bo murdered with help within fifty yards of me !' t But there was no other sound, no stirring of the black water. She began to think she' had been dreaming, when a carious brushing noise as if some one wero crawling on the ground close by her, made her prick up ber ears. Whatever it was, it was tbo otber side of tbe ivy bush sbo bad pulled in to tbo wall ; once more sbe crept up to it, and neurly recoiled aud set all the creepers shaking. On the ground at the foot of the wall, quite oloee to her, whero the ivy had apparently hidden ' impervious stone, was the back of a man's head and shoulders ! ItwanLosard! With a sick heart, a dizzy head, ' ebo looked down on .that short cut hair that had been so dear to hor, thoae shoulders that aha had loved for their iron musclea. v . Once she would have flown to' him, olung to him, told him all her troubles, secure in. his love of ber. Now Bhe only shra'nk frbm'his neighbourhood in loathing and in deadly fear. CIobb against tbo wall, breafchleBo, fasoinatod, she watohed him worm his way through what she knew now was an opening whore no opening seemed possible.' It wns small, narrow j the man drew himself with difficulty through a place so much too straight for his broad shoulders. But ho was through fcho hole and its ivy screen at lost i bo rose, nod stood panting aa if ho had had hard work, even for him. It he bad turned his head he must have seen her, but ho bad eyes only for the pool. What was he going to do P She olung to tbe ivy from very weakness as he began bo edge toward the water, waiting for the BptaBb. which Bhould tell, the undermined earth had given under him. Afterward she knew tnat it was aolid rook where be stood, yet now the very tempta tion of hell gripped her. ' ? One stop forward, one quiok shout, and there would bo no more IiBSard I Gillian wonld be free forever, and Jacky — with a dreadful revulsion, Jaoky Hamilton knew that to look on Lasard'a dead (aoo would be never to forget it — to live on in a rain agony of longing to have him live again. She hated him, but not like that. Dear saints, not like that! 'Vongeance is mine. I will rapay.' Tho words Beemed to riso from the throbbing yat?rs to her ears; and tbo awe of them mado a cold sweat oreep out on hor face. ? The hand she bad bo nearly thrust forth to kill dropped nerveless at her side. - At; tho faint sound Lesard looked round him ' sharply, like a bunted animal.. But ho w«b dazzled by tbo daylight after tho darkness of the tunnel and saw nothing. He was only waiting for his eyes to clear in tho light, and aB the girl watohed him ho seemed to gather himnelf together^ till the strong mueules wore like whipcord in bis body. And then with, a quiok sideways jerk he loapud «oloarout into the air like a panther dons. Oat over tho pool — surely ho oould nevor olear itl Jnoky stared wildly through the soroeu of branches, and could . not: aeo. Yet he muat have oleared it, for there was no. splash. in the air over her hoiid. Careless almost if he saw ?? ??? hot or not, she looked out, -for see Bho-muot. And bvon in her hatred of him she was proud of what ho had done, None but a brave' man would h'avbtried' it, no ono who bud not strength of steel oould havo aooomplishod it. ... Losard had mi\do a standing leap from his narrow foothold to wUoro at a di8ta.uco that soemed impossible to o'lour, h stout branch hung downward from the top or the high wall where it giow. Tbo, man had Bpruug etrnight for it, caught it, hung there now » ft slip, a falling short, would havemaant that black pool there was, no gotting out, of,, and to go round tho wator whs iinpoBBiblo on tho rotten ground. Besides, there would bo tho park to cross/ people to meet, und this was seoure. For as aha gustod ho went hand over hand lip tho branch, swinging perilously s caught hiH, foot over it, and (as she drew book just in timo !) stood on , tho ombanlcmnnt, Buiiling in broatliloBS triumph, Truly it was fi feat, ovou for him. And smiling atill he vanished, swallowed up in the thick grow inff. trees above. When tho last sound of his steps had died away Jaoky oropt out and looked around ' hor. 1'hero wun no mark or footprint anywhere to toll a talo I sho saw why ho hod, not climbed up by ? tho ivy whore sho hud boon. There would havo boon broken Btoms, bunging trails to wlthor and uhow where ho had piiBsod.and now thero waa ^Ye^his olovorneaa wbb all wasted— made uboIobb by tho liiok of a slip of a girl ! Ho hod shown her what for borsulf aho never would havo disoovorod, the ooorajs ivoy into Hamilton Place. Down on hor knees, Jaoky parted tho ivy and bo* tho narrow, dark holo ho had oonio out of, hoard moido it tho aullon gurglo of water drawn very quickly under ground ; saw, tco, that the spot she knolt on wan fcho only solid plaoo on tho margin of tho pool. ?Tho ™* «°b undermined, crumbling Where oho had stood at flrat whon sho surprised Vivian was Sono , blaok water was there lnatood. Truly tho butler had dono wisely to shirk ' the other way 1 It would nood a Dtrongor hond than bin to dare it. But it waa now or never for the jowola, unions .?Loaard hod gono off with them already. Had ho been there over nlnco laat night? Sho thrust hor. head into, tho holo and drew it bivok appalled ab tho uttor darknow bofor hor. Jt hod boon a vory diffuront matter for Loanrd, oorn ilng out, with daylight in front of him. « She pulled matches and 6 candle end out of her pocket and lib a pale wavering flime. Then she tried tbe bole again, holding the li^bt at arm's length before ber. It was juBt a square passage like a manhole in a sewer. Dark and noisome, it was bo n*rro°r even for her that sbe wbb nervous lest she should stick fatt in it. loch by inch she dragged herself in. and suddenly saw she wa* through it. She stood up with infinite caution, and found sbe was on that shelf of old boards that had creaked as Leaard landed on it. For a moment she could Bee round her nothing but black water, above her a vaulted roof. Then as her eyes grew used to tbe gloom sbe knew where sbe war. There was tbe round cave sbe had seen dimly the nigh t before — only now sbe was at the other Bide of it— tbe very heap of stones etill undisturbed under wbicb Harchmont bad bidden the jewels. But Bhe wnB us far off from them as sbe had been outside. Between her and tbe solid rock floor of the cavo was water where the stream curved before it sank bodily. into tbe ground. The roaring of it made ber dizzy, the more look of it appalled her. Between ber and tbe cave it was four feet wide, at ber right band it stretched broad and boiling to where tho rocky roof met it in tbe darkness ; at her left— candle in band — Bhe Etared. There had been no need to jump to the plank where she stood 1 LeBard bad done it for more wantonness. A ledge of rock, narrow, interrupted, wide enough only for one foot to follow tbe otber, showed here and tbere above tbe Btreaui. A steady head could croBs it, but could she P As'sbe . leaned and looked a faint sound made her start. The candle fell from her hand into the oily concave of tbo water as it sank into the ground. Sbe waa alone in tho dark, -md it unnerved her to panic. Frantic witb horror of tbe place she swung round on her beel, and lying down saw tbe blessed day light; before her through tbe wny she bad come. Quivering from bead to foot the girl wbo had begun eo well, crawled out like a rat through a drain, with only one thought — the dear daylight, tbe sweet air! Outside she drew breath after breath like one stifled, standing pale and damp where LeBard had stood. And to her ears came the sound that bad made her drop the candle. ,, Gillian, very near her, wob calling at the top of her longs s ' James ! James I' Jacky flew through the ivy to the path where she stood. ' What is it P What's tho matter P' she cried, looking like a dirty ghost of horBolf, and slimy and damp. ? . ' Marchmont's bnck. Quick, come ont of this !' She looked appalled at Jacky. hatleBS and dirty. ' Where have you been P Did you find any thing f' ' Yes I' Jacky made a dive for her discarded bat, throw Gillian'B waterproof over her dirty gown. ' Now 1' she cried, ?'?whore's SirCbarleB ?' Gillian blUBbed, ' Waiting round tho corner. Jacky, he's very good and kind 1' ' I know that,' but sbe spoke fiercely, with a lump in her throat. Lesard was neither ; yet after him she could not Bee how Gillian had eyes for any other man 1 (To be continued.) 