Round a " War Board." To the Champion. We can never repay the debt of gratitude we owe you for the faithful way in which you keep the different " "War Hoards" sup- plied with the latest telegrams, and it is infinitely more enjoyable than a pantomime to watch the different scenes and to listen to the different opinions expressed by Tom, Jack and Harry as they stand and read at these boards. Here are a few opinions by the local "Bill Adams," some of which may prove interesting: " Bill's" knowledge of dates and history is somewhat erratic, so to speak, but it is a common thing to hear " the man in the street" Fire off date after date with the most glaring impunity, nod with a look of deadly accuracy. Ting-a-ling-a-liag the bell goes, the pasting is quickly done, and all hands strain over each other's shoulders and read in silence. Now and again some half-in toxicated individual will yell out" Hogan's ghost ! what price this ?" and then clap his dirty thumb just on the place you are trying to read. The crowd eventually sit around and comment; Bill Adams seated on an empty case. Presently Patsy O’Hoo- ligon will roar out, " Hurra, for the Boers !” and adds that he is a " Boer to the finger, tips." Bill quietly informs him that " There is no need for yer to tell us cause yer blanky tusks would put yer away any- where, and I'm blowed if I know why the Government sent home a contingent to fight the Boers when there's ony Gor's quantity of 'em out here as wants straight- ening up, so there is. Anyway old Kruger can't win; he ain't got no hope; wait till Lord Roberson and General Bullion lands at Umslopagas! Make no horror; Lord Roberson! Why what did he do in 1637, on the 1st July, when De Bougemont was entrenched on the heights of Trafalger? What did he do ? My oath! you should ave seen old Rougey doing a get! and when the 79th Royal Highland Dragoons was a'catchin' of 'im, he stuck up the red cross flag and sung out for an hour's day light or Blutcher's bicycle. He didn't get neither. I remember the time well because the 31st Fire Brigade, under Capting Swoffkoppen, was ordered to march on the 16th June, 1763. They did, too, and gave Napoleon a 'ell of capitulation at the siege of Moscow ! didn't they, Harry ?" Harry: "Yes, what was it? my oath they did!" A voice from the gutter asks Bill " Who is this here Rougemont ?" " Oh, he's the bloke wot marched through London and blowed up the Wide World Magazine with a turtle shell, so he did, and got a lot of gold meddals for it too, with the Queen's 'ead on em. I seen by the papers where ee's gone to the Transvaal to carry out a lieing contest with Dr. Leyds, for £500 aside and the gate money. My bit goes on Leyds." " Did yer see in the telegrams where General Wharhoop and Leftenant Gatacre persued 2000 Boers through a barbed-wire fence at the bottom of the Modder River and capitulated them with liddite rifles ? (Hear, hear.) The same day the Hambul- ance Fusileers, under General Kitchenham and Capting Methune marched fair into the Tugelar River and killed 2000 howitzers." " I seen in the London Times where the Boers where afiring hernpty shells full of plum pudden and whisky into Ladysmith. My oath, if Lord White could only fire a quarter-cask of Muttaburra rum in amongst them they'd wonder what the 'ell struck 'em, so they would. Talk about yer dum dums and yer lyddite ! why they ain't fit to make milk for Muttaburra rum. I know what I'm speakin' about, so I do." " I was going with Jim Page's troops if it came off, so I was, and how we would have got to 'em ! I fancy I can hear Lord Roberson a'yellin out, ' Let em all come; get to 'em lads.'" " Did yer see in the Longreach Standard where 600,000 Roussian Afghans was a marchin' on the British frontier at Pekin Bay ? I tell yer this ain't no joke, and we ought to have got a show to go, so we ought." One big individual, who had just wakened from a half-drunken sleep, stood up in front of Bill Adams and asked him, " What the 'ell he was talkin' like a bloomin' phonergraff for ?" Bill replied that " he was a British subject and could say wot he liked." Swish, bang, kerflopp, and with a few spasmodic jerks Bill dis appeared into the box he was sitting on. The big fellow bared his two huge brown arms to the shoulders, and walking round amongst Bill's audience asked if there were any more blankers that would like to have their British subjects knocked in ? Silence until the bell rings again. Oom Paul., 