Some English Ghosts. There is at any rate one ghost in London, for the first Lord Holland is said to walk the Sir Joshua Room in Holland House with hie bead in his hand —a very fashionable ghostly proceeding —011 certain nights of the year; and it is a known -fact that there are many houses which never have ibeen let, never are let, and never will be let for any length of time on account of uncanny traditions associated with them. The people who take these houses are ready enough to stay, but no servants will stay, and so they are driven elsewhere. No stranger to IDpsmm -was ever shown Pit Place iby a native without being told the "Wicked" Lord Lyttelton's ghost-story—the -white bird which fluttered at his window on the night of 2-lth November, 1779, changing into a white- robed woman, who approached the foot of his bed, and told him that he would Ije dead in three days, which actually happened. Sussex, which of all the home counties has retained Its old characteristics the most, has a good many ghosts who are still realities in the eyes of the rustics of that little-visited district, which was once Ihe centre of England's iron industry, There Is old Oxonbridge of Brede Place. There is the headless man of St. Leonard's Forest, known as Squire Paulett. who jumps upon the crupper of a horseman entering the forest, and remains there until clear of it. There Is the Drummer of llui'stinonceaux. Black dogs--a favourite shape assumed by ghosts all over 1'ngland—haunt till dark lanes and lone by-roads, and under many a sequestered wooden bridge a headless woman may be seen spinning : whilst on the old cattle-road between Kingston, near l.ewes. and the Marshes, known as the Drove Way. n goblin may be seen on any dark, wild night Incessantly spinning charcoal ! The samp species of " general" ghosts, as they may lie called, is recorded by Mr. rtye. the Xorfolk topographer, to be strongly developed in his county. There is ilir* pale, long-haired woman, who ruivs shrieking amongst the pits on Ayluierton Heath. There is the great black " Shuck Dog" —the word "Shuck" said to mean the devil—who nt Coltisliall Bridge is headless, and at SnUioiise has a "blazing eye In the centre, of his forenend. and who has a brother at Peel Castle in the Isle of Man. tlie spirit «f a murdered prisoner. kiiffwn as tli" Manlhe Dog. But the (historical ghosts are more interestin:; ribiects of study. In this same county of Norfolk, says Mr. Rye. young Lord Dacre. who was -murdered In 1505 by Ills guardian. Sir Richard Fulmerston, who arranged that a rocking-horse on which the boy sat should fall, still prances about on a (headless, of course) roekins-liorse. Anne Bnleyn still rides down the avenue of Blickling Park once a year. In a liearse-like coach, drawn by four iheadlcss hordes, and driven by a headless driver, with her head In her lap ; and her fallier. Sir Thomas, does ihe same thing. At Caistor Castle there Is another coach and headless team, and yet "another near Great Melton. This last rise? from a pool every midday and midnight, and with its load of four headless, dripping, w.hite-rohed ladies' passes slowly round the .field and sinkis again : and tradition says that at this spot, lone ago. a bridal party were upset Into this pool and never 6een again. Then there is the <?ray Lady of Halnham—not to be confounded with the Brown Lady of Ralnliajn In Durham— w<ho represents Lady Dorothy Walpole, forced, it is said, to marry Lord Townsend in 1713. A fitimly believed-1n coach-ghost h that of T>adv Howard, daucliter and heiress of Sir .Tohn Fitz of Fitzford. In Devonshire,.'ab'oifi IGOO.- who. Mr.-Bar- Ine-'Gould s'iiys. travels nishtly from Okehampton Castle to Fitzford Gate. Tavistock, In a coach of bones, preceded by a phantom dog. Gabriel Craddock is a well-known F<«- SPT ghost. He was famous in the middle of the last century as Jerry Lynch t<tio highwayman, who with the proceeds of his cxiploit-s. built Laipwater nail, near Leigh, so called because, upon the application of the workmen for drink, he bidt them "lap water." He was run to earth In his new house, wounded, and drowned In the pond to which he had dlrectpd the thirsty workmen's attention, and lie Is still bellpved to he seen on wild nights, bandy-legged, and mounted on an earless mare, fleeing from his pursuers as they came from Phenfipld. Tngrave. Horndon, Laindon, and Pltsea. Mannlngton Hall, the residence of -the Walpoles. Farts of Orford. haR 11s ghostly associations. Horatio, second earl, removed all the tombstones of the Sealmers. the former possessors of the Hall, from Wiefctnere Church, and one of the buried ladies is still believed to walk round the churchyard. To atone for the saerilesc. every Karl of Orford at his burial was driven in his hearse three times round WlcUmere Church before being finally laid to rest. Very well known is Hie stile at Littleco(p. near Marlborough, on the old Bathroad, Wtherat Wild Darreil. the principal In tlie terribly weird tragedy at l.itilecote Hall. Is still believed to be seen, followed by iliis liowlins- hounds, as on t>he day when he met his death hereriding madly along, reckless in liis conscience torture, and confronted by Ihe apparition of a babe burning in a flame. All thp unhappy ladies of history " walk" : Ann of Cloves paces up and down the gallery hearini: lier name in Hpver Castle : Fair Rosamond walks 011 MIP river-bank at Godstow : Amy Robsart on the side of Cuinnor : Marv. Queen of Scots, at Fothprinshay. At A'pothorpe. the Karl of Westmoreland's seat in Northamptonshire. Lady Grace, wife of tlie first earl, walks in a corridor, scattering silver pennies as sh^ goes : but the pennies are air. and woe to biim who trios to lest tneir solidity— so say. and probably believe, -the good folk around. In the romantic North Tounlry these poor dailies abound. There Is the Brown Lady of Itaiiiham stately in coif and rich brocade, lint eyeless, There Is " Silky" of Denton Hall, near Newcastle, in a flowered, long waisl^d satin sown and n satin hood. There is the White -Lady of Skinep.i Castle : Lady Derwentwater of Dilston Castle: the Gray Woman of Williiurton : XICL' of Meldon in a broad liat : the White Lady Blonkinsop. who still wails over a chest of gold, the cause nf all the unhaippiness of her married life, cum multls allis. Tlhe famous Cauld Lad of Hylton, on the river Wear, was only "laid" during (he last century, bnt his will. " I'm cauld ! I'm cauld !" has been sworn to as heard at a much l.Ver date ! He was not <iuile a stock ghost nf the silent, gliding type, but was more of a brownie or pixie, working hard in the kitchen during the night If the maids were sluggards—very much contrary to the usual rule of his kind. The Gray Man of BeUiater is another well-known North Country ghost His original was a wandering minstrel who called at the castle, which is near HnltwliIsHe on the South Tyne. was admitted, and pleased the Blenkinsop owner for a time, until he got susnioknts that the poor old gray-clad singer was a spy from a neighbour baron with whom he was nt feud. The minstrel got wind that he was suspected, and stole awav. BlenWnsop -sent bloodhounds after him, and he was torn to pieces. This happened In 1470. and the GMV Man is still spoken of in a district bv 00 means behind the age In refinement. Intelligence. and education. (Corbv Castle. near Carlisle, has been modernised, but In Its wainscoted, tapestried "Ghost Room" the Radiant Boy still walks. At Cliilllngham Castle Jn Northumberland there was also a Radiant Bov. until the skeleton of a boy found in one of the bedroom wslls. not verv long aro, was burled, and then he disappeared : and at Coatham In Yorkshire, popular tradition speaks of a shining child who vanishes when pursued. Apropos of ghostly children, a pretty tradition is connected with a certain West Country hljnsc. to the effect that pvcry cold morning is seen on the window the scribbling of little fingers, not l,v amount of nibbing. — Chambers's Journal." Abridged. 