NOTES AND COMMENTS. Rolite letter-Writing. The art of polite letter-writing is subject like everything else mundane, to the law of development. Hithe'rto those who send letters to t|)e papers hav<y a j'mcwlmt foolishly striven after lucidity, 'argument, tfnd good grammar, aa well as having a slight regard' for what is'called truth and the decencies of life. These absurdities are now quite ont of good form, at ljjjst admirers of Jfr. R. A.' Bissaker's style think so. ''i'here is in'the new departure a "Knock 'im down and take 'im to the 'ospitijlas a free'pationt" tone that is most convincing. The imagery of the ijissaker ideal, its olean-mindedneBBS and delicate allusions, its refined elegance of composition and its sweet reasonableness,'dofy emulation. It stands unique, fttid'Bowra'l'should crown her now apostle of polito ourrespdnderice. ' \yo could' not spare our only B,-;-; an' officer of Il&r; 'Majesty's infantry,' aiid a gentleman to'boot, to be a special correspon dent at the Beat of war, tor the Dutch would object" to a literacy "Long Tom" being mounted in'"3. ^Africa,' although it. woiild soon be proved that "English grammar would suffer most from its discharges. ' : - ' . . # #. .» V The New Style. A.N.V. does not envy Mr. Binnalter his inven tion, but'it is nnsesaarv'to point out that in order" to write effectively in the new style ono should pos-' sess a philosophical mind. This serenity can only be obtained by setting into action within the cavity of the head, termed the'omnium, a something be-' tween a whirligig, a inerry-go-rousd, and a butter factory churn.' Of course, what prisBes' for brainB' wilj get well mixed up into'a hideous higgle-dc p'lgg'leidy of' " 131ow-lly," alias ""Looker-on," alias " A.N.V,," alias " John Storm,". alias the'sec. of the hospital, alias " Doreen," alias " Bussfly,". alias '. Kerosene oil," oliaa "King'Billy," alias "The Pope,V and alias every other form of anonymity. When the philosophic calm of a Bissakaripn night mare has been arrived at, all then that is iioceBsary ig'to write to the newspapers and imagine lliat you h'avo shut up everybody, whilst everyone will doubt less Wonder when you will bo shut up under medical supervision. .. ? if * Billy ariCJ His, Ghost. " Sacred to the memory of Billy Waite','. might have been" read during'this past week on a tomb stone in Bowral main street. The reBt of the in scription is unfortunately illegible, bbt tradition saith that reference waH made to the fatal effect of trade competition'on the unhappy Billy. There must be sfimei truth in the record, since a ghost lias haunted of late' the Wesloyan cemetery. This uncanny apparition of the nights would appear to the alarm of nervous tetanies, but the ghost himsely had Ihe other day a hair- breadth escape of capture.' It ap pears that when be ryppedt'erd tliere' waB hot disujay, but a barber. The krtight of the scissors moreover exclaimed in a tra»edy whisper to his companion "I. cay, mate, lets brie'k him." Thpy groped ' for' blue-melal; "they 'doubled at the charge,1 they o6ru£glejd through barbed wire, the white fyrro fii,t'ted^ With visible legs', the Sheet Was flung "aside, qn'd the ghost fled for his life. Now ah inquest on a ghost w6uld:be a novel experience, but the impact of blue metal when hurled with vehpni'enca. has a tendency to lay any ghost now-a-da'ys flat oh mother earth, and no one would jiity the lunntic of the sheet were he carried, to the lidspital a vielim to his owa folly. Arfistic Portraiture. ., '" The pair of frantic''drummers and the mad whis ler who drive the ehapui Mk distracted are like UnUonns, forAhey are going, we understan'd, lip, upper,'"ond riubt uppermost., racing in fact'with tho chapei pext door which will get to heaven" first. Of course, the'higher rfuch arfisVic portraiture is hung the better Jt fa; for the public taste', but could not the proprietor advertise instead across tho face' of . the moon'. Hdw truly poetic it would be tn read on th" face of-fnli'mnon " Smoke only Vifginnia Tobnneo." Are tho painted madmen 'responsible for Billy's ghost ? . , -VI I "VI-,v v... . .. . - :: Early Chaps and Late l^tels.^ It is interesting to note the extreme vigour with, which the new fiaily Closing Act is to bo put into working, and the extreme laxity with which the old licensing and liq lor sales Act is observed: New birooms sweep clean, and restaurants, fruit shops, and every shop save the great talking shop nailed parliament, is to come most vigorously under tho new Act, but as for liquor, everything conspires to make the public IIOUBB act and non-Sunday-selling a dead lettor. * » ?» Crushing the Poor Man. Come what may everything now-a-days seems to play into the hands of the rich man who gets richer it) consequence, whilst the poor man dwindles irtto deep poverty. This Earl> Closing Act crushes tlie small trader, it gives the proprietor an excuse to exact jncfre work or pay leBS wages. It was framed to benefit the poor, and" as a result it tends to make them poorer. However, there are many things that tfimpt' tiig unhappy lMeh man to spend lavishly, so tliat to Soard "his gold he cannot. The females of his family cause his round money to roll down hill, jewels and , diamonds''"proVe''irresistible in their allurements', the race course and display tap his pockets, and all things conspire against his clutch of gold. How few realise the utter vanity of riches 1 '" '.. *-' .- ' " ? * 7 CJosing-up Banks-. " Before the days of bank-reconstruction, general managers were wont to boast of/the number of branch banks they had opened, till men stood gap ing with amazement ' at, such wonderful genius. Then came tlie big blow, and uftor tho storm the damaged fcraft were reconstructed. TJio absurdity of three banks in a townlet with scarce legitimate' business for one decent branch whs then first rea-' Used, so that closing 'dowri unprofitable brandies' began, and fias continiied up to tho present.' Our own tow# affords ari example. First tlie City Batik withdrew, and now theiSrS. A. resigns the field. It cannot be" said thai; unwise management, unsound business or indiscretion has lod'up to the step, but simply that there has hgjn an insufficient scope' for a second bank in the town. "One thing may bo re lief" on' that when sullioient inducement offers, an-' other branch hank would be started without hesi tation, but. before"then Bowrai ,will , have to go a-head considerably. " '' '" "" '. A.N. V.. 