Sydney UnlversMyStudents :^ A number of the Sydney tTnirar- . slty students were staying at Ka- . ' toomba for the Trinity holidays, and .the vary praise worthy idea -Oconrtfid . to them to give a oonoert in airi.of the Katoomba Congregational Church. Among taem: are «ome eapanie in- ....... ; . strameutalists including Mr. Arnold ' ' '5 ? Mote ..(organist, Centenary Sail, Sydney), Mr' Karl Goergs (violinist), end Mr. Leslie Weloh, ('cellist). It is safe to predict for each of these that they will make their mark in the musieal world, in faot one at least 1 has dons so already. The oonosrt was given ia tke Mesonio Hall on Friday night last, when there was a good and appreois- . tive audience The sffsot was some what marred however by the action of some students from the' university who evidently belonged to another 'set.' . These gentlemen (f) refused to he controlled by common sense, ' and act within tbe bounds of reason. ' ~ Mr, A. B. Mpteopsned. the pro gramme with a piano solo of his own composition ' Souvenir ds Mat eking ' (vales brilliante— op. 12). - This was a fine conception and the exeou tion wae brilliant. The next .was a , ... capable, rendering cf the 'Lost Chord,' (Sullivan) by Mr. F. G. Phillips aooompanied . by Mr. Earl Goergs and Mr. Leslie Woloh ('cello). Mr. Italia Allen then gave a tumor ous recitation, 'Ettiquette' and is response to an enoore gave several . humorous sketches. Oat of the best item on tbe programme was the finished execution on the violin by Mr. Karl Goergs. His first number was (a) ' Covatiaa ' Op. 86, No. 8, (Raff) ; (6) ' Mazoutka do Salon, Op. 12, (Wieniawski). The audienoe was taken np with this number and demanded an encore. To keep with : the spirit of tbe times Mr. T, M. Taylor and students) gave the- patri otic song ' Sons of the Empire.' This fairly carried the audience, with- it. Mr. Lsshe Weloh gave another artietio treat on 'the 'oalli» of which instrument he is a master. He has ?- ? the power of making tbe 'cello figuratively speak, and his namber ' Cantabile,' Op. 16, was. loudly . applauded whieh Mr. Weloh ack nowledged. The first part ooaoluded with a part song ' True Love' well sung by a company of students. During the evening Mr. Stuokey fairly captivated the audienoe with & humorous original Bong describing a ride from Katoomba, in whioli a Springwood girl gets entangled with a 'varsity student in the tunnel. The second part opened with a mneioal trio (piano, violin, 'eello) by Messrs Mote, Qoergs aad Wslch, and the instrumentalists were at their bast. By way of a change Messrs Leslie Allen and Heotot Wiltshire gave a dialogue 'Sam Welter's Walentine (from Piokwiok). The third number was aae'ther well- _l exiseuted violin solo, -'-Une-Plaute,' '' ' ' Op. 2, (Poassard) by Mr. Karl Ooorgs, who* received well deserved ' ' narks of favor from the audienoe. Another part song' Always More,' (Ssrfert) by the etudeats followed. Perhaps the gem of the evening from an artistie point of view was Mr. Mote's rendering of LitolfTe ' Soherzo, ~ 4th Concerto Sympbone- - que. ' Piano solos as a rule ure aot very popular, but the aadience were not slow to appreciate tbe beauty of the rendition, and emphatically demanded a recall, which was granted. Mr. Wiltshire contributed a numerous item, Mrs. Perkins, and as an enoore, 'Mary's Ghost.' Mr. F. G. Phillips gave another fine song, ' ~ ' The Admiral's Broom,' , (Beran), - whiok.waB followed by another . oomio reoitation by Mr. Allen, '- 'Mary's Bam.' The audience evidently appreciated tbe humerous numbers as Mr. Alien had to respond to an encore, giving 'Miune-ha-ha,' Another fine 'oello solo, « Souvenir de H«n«a}fc (Fesoa) was given by Mr, Weloh. This time the performer yisldsd to the demands of. tha delighted audienoe and gave an encore. The programme oonoluded, with a part song, ' The 'Varsity ' by the students,' and added effect was given to the singing by the university gownB. Mr. Arnold R. Mote aoted as aoQompanist and conductor. 