BEHIND A VEIL BY 'MRS C. N. WILLIAMSON. A?u~hor of, "Hi Grace," "The Secret of the Peri?ls,""The Ho-Se by the Loch," '"Queer, Sweetheart," "A Man frotf the Dark,"'" ?'ortune's sport," "The 4ý'Lews paper-- irl,," Etc. 'C Pt'E? R IV:'r-THE COrENT OF , THE -SACRED ISLA..ND." I am waiting for you, Paul," said the naster of Falconberg. (Then this late vJslt had been expected, was the thought tbat flitted -through MIary:, brain. If only she had known!) "So!"-and the Prince's eyes lightened. "You -have found the rost one." "I have brought her-back to you from -fanother.'sman's arms- you can guess Vwhose - but-not in'time" to prevent a •ascandal.for your family," said the rasping ivoice of Paul Von Kornis, as he roughly .aTanded the half-fainting girl to her step laather. "Your servants and mine saw the .interrupted elopement. The porter .and ails wife had been beguiling their hours aftting up-for my coming by entertaining visitors. Those' visitors saw also. This Ss'the end of the affair for me. The lady 'would have none of- me at first. -Now I svill have none -of her. Tongues .;han't wa. Ra, and eyes look askance when my wife o appears. -I wish you joy of your step 'daughter, Hugo-the Princess joy of her child. -And- since the motive for'my visit ,has now disappeared, I woritt incon venience you with my presence. You'll 9be in no mood for entertaining guests, nor I for entertainment; so good-night." ' With this, he went down the stone steps 'which.he had just ascended, arid-springing into his-carriage again, gave:his attentive footman, the signal to be off. The door of the house shut heavily, and 3Mary was'-alone with her step-father - for there were no servants-in the great, 'dimlhall. "So, you have disgraced me!" he said, holding'her in front of him, a merciless .grasp on each slender arm. "It was Jknown:that you had gone.'Your mother's maId "discovered your absence; but we :uspected nothing half so bad as this. You d'o credit to your English training. Was ft there, in England, that you learnt the arts of'trickery and deceit?" "There is nothing bad to suspect!" the .frl protested. "I was going to the Em ba?sy. You and my mother have been cruel. I could bear it'no longer. It-was not Mr Tristram's fault. I-I sent for "You sent for him-shameless one! But 'this is for your mother to deal with. Thank ~Heaven. you are no child of.mine." ""I th-'nk Heaven too;" sobbed ,-Mary. ''My father loved me. -He was just and krind. He would have believed no evil o'fhis daughter. As for my mother-----" "As for your mother - what of her?" 'The voice of the Princess caught up the -words; the heavy silk of the Princess' *own rustled along the stone floor. 'With a sudden, desperate impulse, MIary 'snatche'd "herself "free from the man's .rough grasp, and flew to the womaui, who Stool tall, motionless, majestic, at the 'toot of the wide stairway, "O mother, mother!" she cried, "if there's any love Left' in your heart for me, be kind to me 'now. Cruel things have been said-hor -rible things, that I hardly understand - but'I'know that I don't deserve them. -'Won't-you help me? Won't you believe -what' I tell you? - You are the only one I ?73ave' In the whole world." 'Let my dress go!" said the Princess, Sicly. "You are like a mad creature - -anid madness would be the only excuse for '-what you have done-leaving your room 'by the window, at riidnight, rousing the "mousehbld, and causing a scadal-" "If that were the only scandal, Kathe-' -.rine!" exclaimed the Prince. And then, -'with accusations that seemed to drain 3Vary Desmond's heart of its life blood, -he explained, according to Count von K:ornis's interpretation, the girl's flight .raid her return. Princess Falconberg listened to the end, in silence, her lips tense, her eyes fixed. on the speaker. But at length, Twhen the last indictment had been mJade, she turned to let loose her long repressed passion with a swift, fierce "-blow. Her strong white hand smote 'vIary -across the cheek, leaving its Im press in scarlet. -But though the girl -tottered she recovered herself, and stood -erect, her blood turned to flame, her \- -eyes blazing jewels. -No longer broken -or afraid, all the tempestuous pride of :zer father's race -on fire, she faced the -beautiful, white woman, like a youthful .- qlueen. -"You are no true: mother," she said, in .a low,.- strained voice, that rang more 'clearly through the great hall than the .loud menace of the&Prince;'s tones. "If 'you were--if you'had ever loved me \--you would not listen to- such words spo :3ken of your daughter. It is that man you should have-struck, not me, for ,through me he has insulted you, since T'e are - of: the same blood. I cannot ;strike'him, if I would. But I can leave ..h?is house and yours. After this night I ask of Heaven that-I need never look .-pon:hls -face again." "I wonder that you dare take the name .of Heaven on your lips," said the Prin ..--ess, "after the scandal you have drag ; ?ged into an honorable family, the ruin 'you have wrought -for yourself. You, -who would have repulsed one of the no S'blest men in the Empire, to steal off by might with.a penniless nobody! Who ' -would'believe a' foolish tale about 'your :friendship;' and the Embassy? Ah, it \- does not'bear'thinking of ! You shall :Thave -your wish. After to-night, you \- eshall leave this -house, you shall neveir :.ook -upon our faces again. Henceforth, \- you are dead to-the- world." "What.do you mean?" the girl stam Imered, chilled by the-words, appalled by ,?te loolk-on:her.mother's face. -' "ouhave- forfeitedrthe right to ques lion our:authority, if'you ever had it," OPJince Falconberg - answered for his , ie. -"When-it is time for you to hear . *latg penalty .you have- brought Uripon Sn vael£ you:shal hear' it, but that time _s met -now. Go to your-room. There is no fear of:your leaving:it as you left it t 1 t:" "1 -?n:ll :not;go," Mlary cried. "I can not: hay;in:this house to-night. I----" "K "taherine!" murmured the Prince. The 1 aautiful cold eyes read his, and the mnan, ?rt1 ?oman together caught the girl b V tthe aro :forcing 'her:towards the stL t-". MIary resisted no longer, -for it n 'wsya better-to go off of her own ac cord th. to te compelled to yield, like a rebelliou V chtild. .At the door -of her room the.Y ZeLt her,:and she heard the 3key turned! orZ the outside, as she passed ,-unhesitatil igly' n. '-Buth windows -vere .fastened d ownr with Inails now, ard if -she had wihshed to 'try' the experiment of .~escape again, sh- would have found h.r self hopelessly a prisoner; but there wps mo longer any tbhought .of escape in hqr mind. Slie did not know what was t. be done with her, but feeling was numb -d. If it were true that the norld would -thita of her as these two mea and this w-oman thought, It were better that she died. The girl did not undress, nor try to .ep, but sat in a deep,- oldtst?loned -cmhalr by the fireside, her eyes fixed un aeeingly on the fading e'nbers that strew-ed bthe hearth, until long after they bad turned from red to featI-ery grey. She thought a great deal abou±t Trit ram, wonderi-g at what seemed like de sertion, when .e had done so much-; and as the' jlawn etene at last, hope revived faintly, vaguely-for he would not v¥ot untarily have fat~id her; so was it not possible tiat he -had been actuated by some subtle' motive, g3:at he might mean to help her ey.en yet' There was a clock on ?he mantel, and I is it struck eighl~ Ii .the fgrning, Prin. cess Falconberg unl.t,?' ?d opened 469 the door, Behind her came. Matthilde' with a steaming cup:of coffee. "Yost are to drinf this," said the Princ~t . "Matthilde, you can go." Tht door softly closed again; mother an'! daughter. were alone together. Utin dt'r the merciless, w\aiting gaze, Mary 'lifted the cup, and drank its contents, almost ready to '-ish..that there were poison in the dr ught:' When she had finished the Princess spoke. "Father Augustin is here. We sent for him. He has been told all, and has given his advice. It accords with the idea for yeur future that came to me last night. Nothing can undo what has passed, in the eyes of society, but the penance rof your whole life to come may appease Heaven: He wishes to speak with you, and has asked me to prepare your mind. Are you ready?" "Yes," said Mary. She was very cold. The 'fire had died down hours ago, and there was a frosty chill in the room. Her face was white as the snow softly fall ing outside the locked windows, and the cdffee she had been ordered to drink had seemed to impart no warmth. But, though she trembled slightly with cold, and the excitement of suspense, she was scarcely conscious of physical discom fort. "Very well.. You cannot go to the Father. He will come to you." Princess Falconberg's dress rustled daintily as she moved away, and the sound jarred upon the girl's nerves. A moment more, and she raised her eyes to the haggard beauty Qf the priest's dark face. It was true that she had joined the church of her father's people. For once, gossip had not lied. If she would be "converted," 'she might hope to win her nibther's' love, she had been told, when first she came to Austria, and she had hoped, and failed. Now, she looked with pale wistful appeal into the priest's brilliant eyes, but there was no gentle light of pity there. "The sin of ingratitude is a very base sin," he said. "You have also been guilty of deceit. If you would be for given, you must show. yourself worthy of forgiveness." Mary was silent. "You have abused the hospitality., of your step-father's house. It must now be withheld.' But there is one refuge still open to you, my daughter. The Mother Church, to whom you lately gave your allegiance, offers you sanctuary." "I don't understand you," said the girl. , "It has been decided in counsel be tween the Prince and Princess and my self this morning that you should at once be sent :to 'the Convent of the Sacred Island;" Mary's face brightened. "Oh, I should be thankful to go'there for a while," shei cried. "It would be peace. Of course,. I would rather go back to England, but. if the Sisters would keep me until-" "I see that even now you do not under stand," said the priest. "You do not go to the convent as a guest, but as a' novice. After all that has passed, you should think -it a blessed privilege." A. wave' of color surged up to her forehead, and' she-staggered back, catch ing for support the arm of the chair where she had sat through the long hours of the night, "They would make me Into a nud!" she stammered, half beneath her breath. "They would make you one of the Sis ters of the Sacred Island." "I can't do 'it!" she broke out. "I" won't do it. It would be a living death." "My daughter, there is no longer for you a question of 'cannot' or 'will not.' You must obey:" Her eyes dilated with fear of the man, horror of the future. "They can't make me," she faltered. "I-I'll refuse 'to take the vows, even at the altar; 'just as I would 'have refused to marry Count von Kornis, your brother, Father Augustin! I am not a child any 'longer. I have friends, too, who will help, if you are all leagued together against me,,to.make me do this thing. Mr Tristram-" "My child, Mr-Tristram is dead." She did not cry out, or fall, but gradu ally all look 'of life and youth faded from her face. She might have been frozen where she'stood. And her eyes, dark with horror, stared up at the priest with no quiver of the long black lashes which poor'Tristram had thought so beautiful. "Dead-deal!" she said at last, in a whisper. Then her lips formed another word, though no sound came. "How?" "Last night he and my brother fought a duel." "Because ':of-me?" "Becanse of you. He'died in his sins, without absolution, and in darkness and silence he 'Vill'be buried secretly in un consecrated -ground." "Because of me!" she repeated again. And after that, for a long time, she spoke no more. He watched her patiently, keenly, as a student of science might watch the helpless anguish of some small animal bound on a vivisect ing table. "And your 'brother?" she asked at last, in a whiisper. "Mfy brother'is wounded. And he will suffer in other ways as well. All this misery comes of your fault, my daugh ter." Mlary Desmond covered her face with both hands, and a shudder-shook her from head to foot. She longed for the relief of tears, but no tears would come. "The Count is a -murderer!" she cried, in horror of -the dreadful vision lier mental eyes could see. "A man who 'kills another in a duel, fought honorablfy, for a righteous cause, is not called by such a name in our country," said Father Augustin. "But in the sight of Heaven he has sinned, the sin is more yours than his, for he fought to avenge you-he, the man who should have been your husband, be lieved that he had the 'right to punish one who had robbed 'him. 'I do not say he had the right; 'but I do 'say, my 'unhappy child, that on your head is the crime." "Then let me L'de my head for ever in .he convent." the gtrl.exclaimed, sobbing now as youth should not know how to sob. "Mr Tristram is dead; you say I have murdered him. 'Then the world is over for~me, because--because, Father Augustin, :I loved him! I didn't know it when I sent to ask his help, or I wouldn't have sent; but I know it 'now, and every one may know it, for all I .care, since he has given his life for me. 'Let me go to the Sisters of the Sacred Island as soon as you think best. If only I could die in stead!" "You should be thankful that it is giv en to you to live, and expiate your sin, through the years to come,' Father Au gustin answered, coldly. "You shall go to the 'onvent-to-day." Mary lied often heard of the ?Sisterhood who spernt their lives on the rotky island in the Schrecksee (or "Sea of HIrror") so named because in old, old days, almost before legen?ld wedded history, its waters had been t¢roj.led by the evil spgrit of a woman who:l ted men to ruin body and soul. The lake had been called aecursed until Saint Ebe?oard had been directed in a vision to take ?up his residence on-the ,rock, which rose i'lke the dark shoulder Rf a submerged 'Tr n, from the water. '•His advent-so lege??l said-had drive.n the haunting e-il away; and the lake, inatead of being secc~rsed, gained a mag icat power of healing many diseases. Throengs of afflicted 'pe-ole had journey ed fren far to the ~ichrecksee, which still retained the old name, to Ia cured by its waters .nd the prayers of the blessed hermit on the island. Then, when Saint Eberhard had died at a great age, by his desire a Ststerhood was founded on the rock, and their dwelling called the Coln vent of the Sncred Island-the oldest in stitution of the kind in Austria, and one of the most rigid in its rules of life. It was an enclosed order. The sisters never passed outside the boundary of the high wglls that shut the convent in. On one day of the week only might ther con verse with one another, save to murmur tIJO eP5di1fflZ 3!'1q'ds "~Mer~eptQ Mon." i·~ ~ letters came to the band of women who had resigned all worldly joys, except com munications from bishop or priest on business of the convent. No letters went out, save answers to these. Modern life, and the busy rush of modern days, came no nearer to the rock in the lake than the small railway town on the Danube, a dozen miles away. Those who had the curiosity to gaze at the famous Convent of the Saered Island from a distance, might drive, to the tiny village of Leux, on the lake shore, and behold the dark, ir regular building silhouetted grimly ag ainst The.sky; yet none but priestly visi tors, 'novices, or trades-people carrying supplies, had been received on the island itself, since the mild reign of Eberhard had ended with the saint's death. Mary was not fully informed of all these details; and, mentally half-stunned, phy sically too weak from lack of food to con centrate 'thought, her mind painted no vivid pictures on the blank, grey canvas of the future. She only groped through darkness for the one hope of consolation which she believed could ever again be hers; a place to hide in from a censorious world, a place to pray for peace. She made the hundred-mile journey from Vienna to Leux with her mother and Father Augustin. 'Heavily veiled, she still felt an acute misery of self-conscious ness, shrinking from every eye that might be staring in morbid interest at the hero ine of the latest scandal, the wicked girl whose folly had last night cost a man his life. Through the thick, dark veil, she gazed with a strange fascination at the people crowding the stations as they pass ed; happy, commonplace people who would not have to live face to face with a tragedy till death came to their release._It seemed unbelievable that everything should be going on in the world as if no shipwreck had come to her. Girls laugh ed, and rejoiced in their youth and beau ty, hardly knowing why they were happy. She had been like that only a few weeks ago-far away in dear England. She re called some of the pranks she and her friends had played at school, and she re membered the exquisite pleasure of her first ball, when she had been said to be the "belle"-and she had met George Tristram. Now the:handsome, dark face, so bright, so brave-that she had dreamt of many times of late, would soon be under the ground. The snow would keep on falling, as it fell:now, :and make his grave white horribly white and cold. And she would be eighteen next week, only eighteen; yet she must always be cold after this, cold with remembrance; and she was going to be buried in a grave too. But then, .noth ing mattered any more. The Princess, with her confessor and her daughter, had a compartment to themselves; the crowd, like moving photo graphs, only passed the windows and looked in when the train slowed into sta tions. "The priest and the woman whom he ruled, -spoke together sometimes in low voices; but they did not address Mary; and by her the long journey was spent in silence. It was much the same after wards, in the closed carriage that drove them from the last railway town to the little village by the lake. There, the mo ment had come for the parting between mother and daughter - a parting from now till the end of time. As Mary stepped from the carriage to accompany Father Augustin in the small boat which would take them across the lake (fed by warm, springs, so that the surface was never frozen), her first actu al realisation of what she was about to do, came with a sight of the convent. Was it possible that she was to live In that gloomy place, the acme of desolation? That she, who had always so loved free dom and everything that could be done in the open air, would never after to-day pass beyond those dark, ivy-draped stone walls? Youth and human nature asserted them selves, and her heart ,contracted with a sharp pang of revulsion. She found herself catching at the thought that, after all, this step was not irrevocable. She was only going to take the vows for the period of a novitiate. At the end of that time, if she had changed her mind, she would be free to return to the world she now forsook. She wished she knew how long was the novitiate at the Convent of the Sacred Island; and she determined to summon courage, if she could, in the boat, to ask Father Augustin whether he could tell her of any novice who had ever left the Sisterhood. Then suddenly she remembered the thing that was send ing her here. Tristram, whom. she had loved,, was dead, by her fault. Why should she ever wish to leave this sanc tuary on the rock? The girl turned to her mother with one last, hungry, yearning look. If the Princess had had a pang of relenting, if she had so much as held out her hand. Mary would have broken into passionate sobbing. :But she had sinned past for giveness'from that cold nature, and there came-no-sign of softening. "Good- bye, mother-for always," whis pered the girl. "Good-bye," the Princess answered, without a tremor of the voice. Then she turned to Father Augustin. "I shall be waiting for you at the inn," she said. "I daresay they can put me into a decent room; at least, it will be warm." Mtary shuddered faintly at the words. Often afterwards, she was to think of them,-and while she fasted and shivered, Dicture the beautiful woman in her sables, with daintily-shod feet on the fen der, a warm fire playing rosily on the white marble of her face, as she waited till her confessor should have finished disposing of a troublesome daughter. So the priest and the girl were rowed across the water as darkness fell. He spoke kindly to her, now that the Prin cess was no longer with them, bidding her be of good cheer. It was as if, since his object 'had been accomplished, and Mary had obeyed him, he was ready to show her "the flowers which might still grow along the narrow path he had bid den her choose. He told her that Hea ven would be appeased. That there was a wondrous happiness in a life of holiness and self-denial. He dwelt upon the peaceful days of prayer and meditation she would spend among the good Sis ters, before the hour came when she must take her prelitninary'vows as a novice of the order. At first, she would merely be a guest, in retreat at this blessed asylum; there, in that chapel, where the red light glowed against the darkening sky, she would become the betrothed bride of Heaven. The boat touched the crude landing place. Steep steps cut in the rock, and covered now with drifted snow feathers, led up to the conv~ent walls. At the gate, Father Augustin rang a bell, which jangled dismally. In the thick oak panel, a tiny blind slid up behind the grille, like an opening eye. The aper ture showed a grating, and the dim ghost of a face, white as its white frame of drapetry. A muffled exclamation told thllat Father Augustin had been seen and recognised by the lay Sister, whose duty it w?as to guard the gate. There fol lowmed the sound of a key grating harshly in a lock, a pushing aside of heavy bolts, seldom moved, the rattle of a chain, and the small door that opened in one of the great gates swung rustily on its hinges. A long look backward, a deep drawn, sob bing breath, and the close-clasping arms of the Gonvent of the Sacred Island had folded Mary Desmond in. "Well foriher,who will be known hence berg, rising from her chair by the wood fire, in the I*n parlor, as the priest softly entered. "It is well, amy daughter," he said. "Well,Father." asked Princess Falcon forth as Sister Marie Magdalene; and for you, well, because you have given your daughter to the Church, with all the for tune that would hasve been hers." "Better than if the money could have lifted 4 weight of debt from the Kornir estates, Father?" she asked. "'cMy tirother Paul would not say no." The priest faintly smiled. "But after last night, as you know, hi? pride could not have endured the marriage, empty asthe family coffers are. And the for tune is a good gift for the Church." "Yes," said the ?Princess, with a sigh she diid not wish even her confessor to I know meant e~Plitatioln i n being fra lI from her only rival. No longer would she look faded and old beside a fresher face. No longer would men turn from her to another, in ballrooms where she had once been queen. She had wished for Mary's marriage, because her hus band had wished it, and because Count von Kornis, who had so strange an in fluence over the Prince, had wished it. But a married daughter,. even at a dis tance, can still make a woman seem old;: while a daughter in a convent is speedily forgotten. "After all, when the scandal of which the Count in his fury had made so much, was passed (as it soon would be,: to give place to a newer one), things would be better as they:now were. While, as for Mary herself, a'girl with such a head strong nature as hers was safer in the Convent of the Sacred Island than she would have been-exposed to the constant dangers of society. 'I am glad, Father, that you are satis fled," she said. "If you had not thought of telling her the man was dead, I. be lieve she would have resisted." "It is occasionally permissible to devl ate temporarily from the truth for a wise purpose, daughter," answered the Jesuit, hiding the fire of his eyes under long, wo manish lashes. "To do evil that good may come. And though he lived this morning, to-morrow we shall almost surely hear that he is dead." (To be Continued.) 