ASSORTED COUPLES. TWO LOVBflfi. Two Hovers sat by p moss-grown wring; They leaned soft cheeks together thoic, Miogledtbc4ark»nd tunny Jiair, AnS heard tht woeing thrushes sing. O budding time! O loye'« best prime I Two wadded /rom tbe portal stept; Tho bells made happy carolliugs, I The air was soft as fanning wings, Wlite petals on the pathway sleptl O pure-eyed bride 1 O tender pride 1 Two faces o'er tho cradle bent; T»-o hands ab»vc the head were locked; Those pressed each other while thoj rocked! . Those watched a life that loyje had^ent. O solemn hour! • !L> hidden power'. Two parents by the evening fire; The rfidliRlit fell about Vlicir knees, On 'heads that rose by slow degrees, Like bud&upon; the lily spire. Opatient life! O tender strafe! The twostiU eutiogetiher there, The. red light shono about theiir knees; But oil the beads by sjow degrees Had gpne and left tbe lonely pair. O voyage fast! O vanished past] fflie red light shone upon the floor And-made the-space <between -them wide; Tliey-drew their chairs npwide byflide, Tbeir.--pale cheeks joipod and B»id, " Onc» mwe!" O memories! O past that.isl ++ HEll QUESTION WAS THB OLD •OJfE. " Mr. Spoonainorc," said the young lady, aj? the two-walked along the quiet street or tbe way to ohurch, " may I presume upon ourisomewhat short, acquaintance to ask-yeu a qtu«tion ?" " Why—yes. Miss I)c Miiir," lie answered, turning ^liglitly .pale. " It the old, old question, Mr. Spoona more !" It had come upon him unexpectedly. He was not prepared for it. Long, long afterwards ho remembered how licr voice trembled, and hrnv theliMlu hanii that .rested upon his arm ('uttered with n shy nervousness that awoke a rcsponsivt chord in htaltnrrs. Lung, long afterwanlr. he could close hi? .eyes -ami -see. as vividly as he <lid at that moment eveqy detail of the cominoiydace landscapo .that environed tiinl—till' t^Lrcet, •witliAtsjowy at gaslamps struggling in vain •to illumine the gloom of a cloudy evening, (the sleepy looking houses that sti-etehei! monotonously away, until -lorit. .in llie dim. fQggy perspective, the sombre blctdc fik.v overhead, and the occasional pedestrian flitting about in the semi-darkness Jjkc an un- -easy ghost, suffering from insomonia and iwnlking because there was nothing else tc •do. Wliy—SlissXIo Muir,' - Jie pisped. " certainly you—jou may ask it if—if you feel that you .miiBt." "Then, Mr. Spoonnmprc," »hc said, halting directly opposite a street lamp, and 'looking the-trcmbling young man Bquai-cly in the face,'"-will you please tell me if mylial is on straight {" . Somebody Bays-thnta pretty woman ha» mined jimre than one church." Ye?, and more than one preacher. 4-4- A Warning.—Lovers should be caroful 'how they act in the.eountry.for potatoes have " eyes, corn has "ears," and beans "stalk."' The annexed is a choice extract from an .album ltept at -the Niagara Hotel :—" Next to the'bliss-of-eeeing Sarah, is that of seeing Niagara." The Momentous Question.—Augustus: Now, Kmily, do you love me, or do .vou not? Emily: Well, if laay-I.don't, shall I have to return your presents? -fr-t- Love's .Complaint.—"-My eyes with tears arc red and dim, 'cause he ,loves she,and I love, him; but they'll be better by and bye, when she cuts him and he loves I." " Shall I have your hand ?" said Augustine to Matilda, as the dance was about to commonce. •' With alliiny heart," responded Matilda A lady,-writing verses, xavs that kisses on her brow are the richest diadem a-woman's soul Aspires to wear. All. right. Bring on your brow, and take your diadem. +.+ A girl rccontly discovered that she possessed in a wonderful degree the faculty of mind-reading. She operated on her lover, and discovered that he was going to kiss her, ;and the event showed that he was.right. A .very loquacious lady calling one day to, consult-^ier.physician, talked on and on with such jvoUihilily tthat the latter could not get a word in edgeways. Growing impatient he •at! length told her to put out her tongue, which-ehe'did. He tlien eaid: " Now pleaac keep; it there .till you have/heard whftt l.have.got to say to you." 