" tfife. IFFLOTSAM AND JET SAW. JjV iPIMANTDB. lit the "reat carnival is a matter of the 0 us to think seriously of the „ uiu e we have our great fixtures of MA.J.C. and V.A.T.C., as well-as the meetings, to interest us, but we must |t that Royalty will be with us next Hremember well what a pleasing and ' ie Prince George displayed when he Jeld on his former visit to Melbourne, „eBO doubt whatever His Highness iraces held specially in honour of his ' "Let us then have something worthy ration. lai that in Sydney the A.J.C. intend iair having a monster stake which the Be think will eclipse the Melbourne Cup •rith, tlie Mother Colony would require mFlemiugton to Sydney aud import a lime-before tlicy can hope to equal, let liipe, our Melbourne Cup. But if they fllfiis, surely we Victorians are not ourselves to 'take a back seat." Ie reverse! it Me of York and his Duchess will feFederal l'ailiament. it goes witho iiMelboun.e nil] be absolutely crowded. ^Exhibition lhiilding will be 'unable to itie iimueii>u c ,wd, and therefore we we6oaie outlet f m the feelings of those •toattend Parliament, and what better 'ffve Australians than a monster race !«t famous Flcmington, which has a w conveniences unsurpassed in the inverse':' ! »e present our visitors with a view o f * course we must have some event !®tlieir attention, and I would suggest at We of really valuable stages. In 110 niea,LS wi fu? "-common to have fc i!r v ei)S = aiul wl, y can »ot we do E S f oria riu • l .y. we Have not gftsucha number of rich unem- ^ old country possesses, but if the 1 I&L1; sweeps—or, anya fiii fcUle n they Wuuld > J'onour of wel ' 1 - Moreover let there be o Nresni f t f , tJie stakes ^ b e e y by tl,e Duke and T E Duchess. " vll ° would not be proud to l«UrL m futuve K^g of the S yv e r 01 ' ld !lasever and Q 1 ' 0 ;™ 1 '!') not treasure the Cv^Ft , 0 1 1Mncess , ^ ""vwio May of ui a a ClWues would be invaluable v ''^ld ensure entries ^ high sweepstakes, which"/"of Mdbi Srinciplf Casy ^ Payments on the ^fteturf 11 ]^lilKl i,lVourwit k the ruling ^ ' 1 do sincerely trust they wil 1 not be content with their favnunf ~~— Australian horses have Z t Z J f ^ 6 and this reputation must be m'tJnU KT^ giving our visitors a view of a race a f bourne Cup of fully two n/ileVX s\Ve S and a-half race, as it is started right opposite e given in the Old' Country and it is possible—-nay, probable—we may have some competitors from those favoured JandV w th t e now famous Yankee jockeys to steer them And then if our Australian horses defeat the , how much greater will be the glory and the kudos» Although at present everything connected wi ll the matter ism a very nebulous condition, do sincerely trust something worthy of the occasion wi 1 be produced, and a programme framedS out delay m order that it may receive due publication " at home and abroad." now t Wh ^ T l f i ^ 0 ° late f or me to deal with the V.K.C. races in detail, and so I will write generally regarding the success achieved by Mr H Byron Moore and lus committee. Fortunately the weather remained fine for the whole meeting, although at times matteis were in great doubt «' up aloft." The attendance hardly kept up its average on the two concluding days, but really this is not to be wondered at, for all Australians are not millionaires, and it would have taken that limited class alone to wage successful war with the pencillers. When one side absolutely impoverishes the other it is quite useless for the latter to attempt to regain the Josses if there be nothing left to do it with. The fielders so thoroughly " skinned the lambs" on the first two days that there-Was no more fodder left to provide other lambs. And so it was that Mr. Dakin's great handiwork in concealing winners eventually proved disastrous to his employers ; he so thoroughly hid the victors that all the 'o.^i^.^.n- sp" 1 Jl "" ° '• ~7 " * " " " havin^ spoils went to the minority, and t^Tntqwity D _„ away mg from nothing the enticements more to lose^srtriply hefcl kp' aJiuringly . remaW~- out to them by the, V.R.C. We are not so much a sporting community as we af<j a gamWuig. tmd when the units of this community ftothing to gamble with they simply tike no interest in SPORT in itself. ' r \\. THE triumphs of " Jim " Scdbie, Ji^aJlarat, have been sustained now right through the season, and the year 1900 will indeed be a memorable one for the Bowling Forest trainer, for during it he has succeeded in winning the Adelaide Birthday Cup, the Moonee Valley Cup, the Melbourne Cup and the Williamstown Cup, to speak nothing of sweeping the board of all the Derbies, the majority of the w.f.a. events and also innumerable handicaps. It is indeed well that "Our Jim " is a steady man,'otherwise he would be getting in "his cups" too much altogether. Honour to whom honour is clue, and there can be no doubt regarding the honour Sco'bie has achieved this season. . THAT Maltster is an undeniably fast colt has ever been known, and- he is bred for speed rather than stamina, whilst Clean Sweep is the very reverse, genealogically speaking. Aud yet Maltster stayed out his two miles in the Melbourne Cup like a really good colt, for he was presenting his conqueror with 1 lib., and I should not think there could have been more than 5 or 71b. between them at the end of t their long and trying two miles. Indeed, Maltster must be classed as the hero of the meeting, although he was defeated by one of his own age in the greatest handicap in the southern hemisphere. The manner in which he swamped the opposition in the Flying Stakes was a treat to witness ; and yet this was a race in which twovear-olds have been successful against older horses, but nothing had the slightest show with the son of Barley directly he was asked by Lewis to put in his '' long ; uns." And in the C. B. Fisher Plate there was just the same thing. Merriwee attempted to cut him down by making the pace solid, but this seemed to exactly suit. Mr. Orr's colt, for he was "all there" directly lie was asked, and then Tarqum, Merriwee and Wait- a-Bit had simply to light for the place money, for they had not the slightest hope of dispossessing the new champion of the first money. He won as he liked, and so pronounced was liis success that it set one thinking once again of the apparent favour our w.f.a. scale seems to give the 3yr.-olds. CLEAN SWEEP comes in ahead of Maltster in the matter of stakes, as he won over £4000, abl T S f e , c ® m P an ion accounts for £2172. lines of H a i .i Uarke< ? d F erence 111 THE P^igree forIPPH « 7? C ° ltS for whilst ,' Maltster is bred from Kn rl J fi ;r the mo8t recent importations t C u K ' S , wee l ,is ored for stamina r S n' V'^T 1111 , ^ exception of his Musket strain is of blood imported several decaaes i t .)™ uld Perhaps be impossible to find any vl\ ;, Vlth r r e strafes of Waxyin his \ems than Clean Sweep, and he is, moreover, chock full " of that good old Herod blood, and a well-known English writer, speaking of Tartar's celebrated son, says: "In examining peLigree tables he is met with more commonly than • any other horse of lus time; and I think I shall be able to show, as a rule (liable, of course, to exceptions), that according to the amount of his blood in the pedigree is the value of the animal as a raceliorse. Mr Prank Cumming's colt ran like a stayer in both the Moonee Valley and Melbourne Vjups, and it was his stamina and gameness that sbook Oil that specially vigorous challenge by The idler. Whilst on the ethics of racing blood, I may note that a combination between Maltster and a sister to Clean Sweep ought to throw a perfect racehorse. RUNNING was very peculiar in some cases, and, indeed, inconsistent may be the proper phrase, but, as the stewards took no notice, 1 am compelled to allow it to pass. They certainly did take note of Redeemer's running, and herein I am at variance with them, for the horse in the Cup Eur die Race had had the wart torn oit'his off hind leg from just below the hock, and was too sore to use the leg freely. I don't for one second think Adam tskirving was guilty of pulling Redeemer, but I do think he deserved the severest censure for running Lord Wilton's son in the condition he was. Perhaps the " stewards' pleasure" may be of short duration, for we cannot afford to lose from our turfites men who, like iSkirving— in my humble opinion-go straight. It is the old ,tale about the blasphemy m the common soldier, -for it is notable that certain stables can do as tliey like on all courses, whilst others dare not run a horse out of condition. ' IT was very pleasing to find Sir Rupert Clarke at last winning a stake under the V.R.C., and with the aid of his sterling mare La Carabine. The manner in which she carried her 9.7 in the V.R.C. Handicap suggests the idea that she may have occupied Clean Sweep's position in the Melbourne Cup had she, as top weight, been ridden a waiting race, but then possibly Lancaster would have had to be dealt with in the final furlong. Sir Rupert's success with Paul Pry in the AVilliamstown Cup was well received, and I trust the Squire of liupertswood, having tasted the sweets of victory under the V.R.C., will continue to feed on the same dish. VICTORIA comes out of the ordeal specially well so far as the division of profits is concerned, but our youngsters were not m it with those of the mother colony, although Cadenas managed to annex a couple of graces. The trial of seven races per day stood the test very well indeed, but as framed at present the conditions of the four additional two-yeac-old races are very iaulty, and simply a case of "holding a candle to the devil" as an inducement to fraud. The V.R.C. rules say every horse must be ridden out for a place, but the conditions ot these races are so much averse to the spirit of the rule that they simply instruct jockeys not to ride out their mounts, otherwise they will be disqualified from starting on tlie morrow in the race for horses of their class. Tllfc" Cup Steeplechase went to South Australia, just as it did last year, when the cereal colony won the three-miles event with their grey Snapshot. This year The Duke succeeded in annexing the big jumping event and received £337 for the venture. Ditto was made a very strong favourite, but his exhibition was a very •poor and forlorn one, aud his backers who hugged themselves with the idea that his rider was riding a waiting race were soon out of their misery by the horse stopping altogether, after labouring behind his opponents and climbing his fences. N.S.W. took a very fair part in the classical races, as they won the Maiibyrnong Plate with Ibex, whose dam would not be recognised in the English " Stud Book," and Haulette established a fresh record for the Oaks by her easy defeat of The Union Jack and Fides. It-was, perhaps, a fitting matter that Auld Lang Syne should win yie Farewell Stakes, but her running in the oburg Stakes and Yan Yean Stakes lost her a ot of friends, which were not recovered by her uccess in the Carnival Handicap. War God-ran onsistently well, but the unlucky animal of the eeting was Alix, and it was only a proper turn f fortune's wheel th'at her owners should be articipants in the syndicate which drew Clean weep in a Westralian " Consultation," by hich the thiee brothers netted about £800 each. n unlucky racehorse is the worst possession any an can have—unless a bad wife. THE most successful jockey at the meeting was Bobby Lewis, with five wins, and they were all favourites he rode, but Burn's performance in winning twice on Cadenas, and on Fides and Lancaster, each one of the four being at a long price, was perhaps a better one, for he had to battl , hard all the way in each race. Bad riding wae conspicuous in some of the races, and there* can be no doubt one very powerful Victorian stable threw away at least two or three races with their attendant wagers by sticking to stable boys, who, no matter how well they may ride at home, are too inexperienced for the public to entrust with heavy sums. It was a noticeable point that such stables as those of St. Albans, J. Wilson, jun., Tom Payten, R. Wootton and others,who are generally to the fore when the cheques are paid out by Mr. "Miles, failed to annex a single race. It may be their turn next year. Only a few seasons ago Jiin Scobie was unable to win a race, and yet his turn has come, for of the £17,067 paid out by the V;R.C., horses trained by him accounted for no less than £i)770. THE Williamstown Club had a couple of royal days on Friday and Monday last, for the good weather, coupled with the. splendid programmes framed by Mr. Sutton, induced capital attendances, that on Cup Day—Prince of Wales' Birthday—being the best since the boom days. Mr. Vowles practically presented Paul Pry with the Cup when he placed only 9.3 on his back, and the good thing duly came off. I often wonder why the committee insist on framing their handicaps so long before the event, as no object can be gained thereby. After Paul Pry with Powell up had proved the correct P,.Sir -Rupert Clarke s health was honoured in the committee room, and in 'responding Sir Rupert gave all the credit to his trainer, Scobie. The other events were well contested, and the meeting was as well conducted as it was thoroughly enjoyed. If the Williamstown Club go on with such programmes as they are producing this season, they will threaten the popularity of some clubs with more pretensions, but they will first of all have to get the Railway Department with its iniquitous three shillings are on their side. ON Saturday next Caulfield will continue the battle between the punters and the fielders, and it would be strangeif the latter were to be beaten on this occasion, for the event is the Victorian Club's meeting. This is ever a popular re-union, and there is no reason to suppose Saturday next will prove the exception to the rule. ^ THERE was a crowded house at the Yictori Hall on Saturday night to witness the light between Tweedie, of Sydney, and Duggan, a boutli Melbourne boxer. The fight was a long and wearisome one, the undeniable clevemess ot Tweedie serving to infuse very little interest into the earlier rounds. Doggan has not the gift of hands, but he is as tough as a gum butt, and Tweedie's pretty play scarcely incommoded lum, whilst on the other hand he was incapable of reaching Ins nimble and versatile opponent once in twenty efforts. Duggan waited patiently throughout twenty rounds to swing m his right and never once had a ghost of a chance of doing it. The battle was given to Tweedie on points. It is a pity the Sydneyite has no power belmKl his shoulder, as he is an unusually ^fiit hc lighter. Pete Jackson, who refereed the fight, had an easy job, the boys being very obedient llie big black was given a warm reception by old admirers. THE fight between lightweights Hegarty and M'Gowan, for the lightweight championship and a big stake, came off at the Democratic Hall on Monday night in the presence of an enormous crowd. These two boxers have met each other half-a-dozen times without coming to anything like a decisive issue, and after twenty-five rounds on Monday night the referee yave the.fight to Hegarty, on a foul, amidst shrieks of execration from the big majority of,the men assembled The referee, who overlooks foul work a score of times throughout a battle, and then decides it on a foul within a minute of its conclusion cannot expect to have his decision respected either by the heated crowd or the temperate tew M'Gowan's foul was a mere trifling slip, not nearly as bad as any of a dozen both fighters had been guilty of, and the fight leaves the men exactly as'they were in the estimation of lovers of the sport,' Both showed some excellent boxing, although, as usual with these opponents, there was more hugging that punching. It is doubtful if it will be possible to settle the supremacy of M'Gowan over Hegarfcy, or Hegarty over M'Gowan, within the fighting limits set by the law. _ 