^THflOTAHOME. j Bt Mbs. Bake. * ? *** ? ? ? 1 OHAfTJSE Tl. j ,;J i. BXicnoN.'' J ^ 'Bbr Icmm so still tbaft Iftel | Mr abmit Mr,' «tid landlord j Whtte to his wife the next morn- , ttutor iiiiy bad been impriaoned iniba ahed. ' Jnst go and teke ? , peep at her to see fhmt ehe isn't ai .fuMiHt dead.' ' Oh, yon big teby ! I believe , you're *&»id;th«4 Bhe is de»d,' ?»-; ! Mnred the woman. 'Batto pieese yon I'U peep m«nheri' ?' How on^ Dare waa just then, ctammibg down' biB food aa if be BBTerBxpected tosee another break rf^ turt dariag ^olook op leat his &ce; ahouldbetrayliUn. ??Whyjthedooris onlodied, and the girl gone T' Bald -tbe ^woiun, in aarpriae. a- . 'Qooef' cried Dave iasd. the landlord in a breath, epfiagipg to . tbeir'f«et- at tVe' eame tintei, and ? nuiUog tb riieH. ? ^ t ; v Yeiv'eheV goae,' repeated Urs. . White', a look ofMBeSn^e cunSng orer berfaee, ' and aonw one helped Wr, too. Was it-yonV dhe asked, toisw«haaly,on4he boy. ' Me t Mother White, who do you take me for 1 After your warning iartaaigfe%%is. ianMy litoriyvthat r I would'lntttfere again. Besides, yon locked tbe door, aad I hain't no keys of y-jurs,~ti*ve I ?' ' Not tbat I know of,' 8he re 1 plied, in a softer tone, completely deceived by his manner and look ol innocence. 'I guess that the spirits, which the people are talking so much about, helped her to get away,' be aud, after a few moments of anxi ous deliberation. ' Get out of tbis, yon young ras cal, with yonr stories of bobgoblios and spirits. Who says there are gheata in this house?'' asked the weniaa, e»eiy nerve in ha body shaking with snpeatitious dread. A new idea-flashed into Dave's brain. 'I say. so. I aee- a ghost every night walking in the long pasaage near your room, moaning and wringing: her band*. I bave etood and watched her, aad I kesw it ia A»y*a Bather, fer. she keepe talWnj aboatber chiU.' The bey did not stap to caaeidei titaighMts-am- not-aeMlif-inTested with colloquial powers, at least not sinee &e; days of SKakt^and iuE : Hsleseis took noaote®fit,for thegi stood, with disk^tded'-ey^ drinic ; ing in - qrftjr word, largedontb© appevkncetif theun earthly apparition, with tbe tradi tional white gown daatine about her, 'And if the girl should be dead —drowned herself,- for instance^ not &«aul in this house 'll be able to «le^- for the moaning^—' ~ But Dave tiidn't -finiBh. the Benv tence, for his mistress made a plosge at him,whiehifedexi(oufily avoidM, sod fled from the Idtebbn, taking . refuge in the stable, and gave ex pression to some of the boisterous mirth tbat was convulsing him with laughter. Two boon after thtf lad re-entered the inn, bearing in liis hand a soaked shoe, each as Amy had worn the evening before, and held it up to'the mistress. 'It is hers, and.I found it swimr. inin' on the meadow spring. The crater looked so blacK and mad-like j -'tbat 1 almost 'tnned sick.' j Hie convietion seemed to come on her by degrees that she had ] driven the giri to commit' suicide, but when it settled itself into truth, every veatigtf of colour left her face, atttabe fled finom tho room. - tJpstuia her hUsbttnd' found her, and at once suggested that tbe spring be dragged for tbe body. ^ ' No, no,' we cried, in alarm. | ' Would you have me kiiown«s th- { on, who-drovB her4o'jt! Jsst yon , Bay a -word aboutit,;«&d; I?1 make j ' l^Seven Stars' tMwarmto hold you.' j ' But Dave will tell it if-I don't,'' j pereieted tbe man. ' Leave that to, me,' she replied, 'Ifhe breaches' &,Vhisper to any onej Jie'U ioi get, the chac# to dro wn'Klifielt' ^ So it was arranged that the body should remain where it was for the time. Word was sent to Jones' that Amy hadtrun away from tlie hoteVand totally indifferent to ber fate, tbey n^ide'no inquiries aiwut her. The days floated by, the days ran that shrouded the terrible tragedy, the inmates of the tavern settled down' to the old' life.' To be sure, the woman 'often' ever, this fear wasgro*angless,aBd some of the old asperity, ^wft com ing back to her face/wben, stand ing in the door-way one mornitjg, the saw a sight that mada her heart - cease beating for a moment. aa the couple draw their horses up at the door. Peeping through the . bBnds to find outJf&by;: bad realiy stopped, sheaaw tte centteman lift the cirl from fb«'8addlo,andehe exclaimed : 'It is herl It k XSdith Mere dUM'- CHAPTER VII. ' tJNPLEASANT QUBSTIONS. . ' Tjie lady ia asking for me, did you'eky, Dave ? Just tell ber tbat I'll be down - in -a- moment. Why a» fTOB istaB^iag JbBfe, etaring at melikeAfool.!' ... ' 'Causaijrou look mi^-ty like a gh«st^ was *he baptOSm npfy of summon. ~ A look d rage flashed into her erec ted ootuag ckxer to the Jad, m. «aaght him roofhly by the FROM PAGE a ^ oeofa 'Don'tvoa-ity »|wojia'4bout tbal girl if tbey ask.^ouj or Til ioke you, just so 1' and her fingers cloaed tightly over his throat - ^He made an effort to disengage himself, as a ray of intelligence shot into his eyes. He knew now why the woman looked so pale ' and shook like a leaf, for he bad aeon the beautiful girl down stairs 1 be- 1 fore, and like a flash, it came to him that die was (he one tbat Amy had told him about 'Let go my neck, and I'll pro-i miae you anything,' be said. *' And keep it, too f . *' Yes. indeed. Trosfc m« to keen ny .word. Dave Roberts never 'orgets a'promise.' . ' The fingers relaxed their- hold, md, breatbiog more freely, the boy leparted to report that the mistress irould be along as soon as possible. When he was gone, Mtb. White, took down the drees that she had worn to Amy's aunt's, more than six weeks before, and' hastily made ber toilet, smoothing her hair as she looked about for the glasses which' the wore -before strangers, because i it looked more} ^respectable,- she j thought, v - . ...... Xot finding them, she mechanic ally thrust herhand iriteber pocket ^ and pulled out — not the glasses — but the money that Amy bad been accused of stealing. This did not Berve to -calm her troubled ' mind, but putting on the best face pos sible, die went down, smiling and bowing* to the lady and gentleman with an obsequiousness that nearly upset Edith's gravity. Oscar at once broached the sub ject. ' My sister telle me that she, on a former occasion, met a young girl here. Can we see her ?' ' To be sure you could, if the dear child was here ; but a terrible acci dent has happened sinoe your sister saw her. The creek was very high, and just as the- poor girl was cross ing it she fell in, and that's the last that has ever been beard of her.' ' It is very strange that we heard nothing of tbis, and living not more than eight miles from here,'' replied the gentleman, suspiciously. ' Was the body never found ?' asked Edith, with a face as pale as a pond lily. _ ' Bless your heart, the water was too high for anything of tbat kind. Couldn't begin to drag the stream with that flood rasbing along.' ' What was . her name V asked Oscar, abruptly. ' Amy Jones.. Now I come to think of it, your sister married a Jones; didti%ahe ?' : ; 'My sister's^iiarria^e hasnothing to do^ witfi- the- subject, madam PieaMfonfiBe yourseU' toitinyour remarfe,' was the' haughty * reply. Edith, I can see no use in our re maining here any looser.' ' Nor I. Oh, Oscar, wbo could have dreamed our mission ending in tliis wgr.-f? and the tearte sprang to ner eyes. - getienthis bead, and whispered: *' Be/o^lm,' Edith. Don't parade jo\\*f -Boiro w ifefore thwe ^eople, or our secret will be theita.' ' She hastily dried up her tears, and- passed out, leaning on her brother's arm, bravely keeping back the griefthat was s wellingber bosom. The horses were waiting, held by the landlord ; and lifting his sister into the saddle, Oscar tossed the man a crown for ' his trouble; and they galloped- away. Miss Mere dith was a good. rider, but it Re quired all her skill to keep her seat, as, turning a sudden 'bend in the road, ber horse gave a quick plunge, and shied to tbe other side of the turnpike. ' ' What do you mean V' asked the gentleman, sharply of a boy^wh© had jumped-!, over the fence1 and ?careid the animaL ' I mean to be here just now,' was the sullen reply. 'That's a nice way to 4alk to a person when he wantaito bo of use to you. Oh, golly l didu't that old woman lie uke the dickens !' . _ , ' Do yon know anything, of the tirl, Amy Jones V asked Oscar, a im perception dawning on his mind tbat he should get at the truth from the boy. ? ' More'u she'd like me to tell ? pointing in tlie dire^ionjjf the house, and shaking tiiB' fist'iii a vin dictive manner — ' for she said sbfi'd choke me to death if I opened iny mouth.' -flo on, go on,' cried Oscar and E!dith at once. ' Well, I will, if youH give me a little time,' replied Dave, puffing and blowing. ' It took mighty Okt runnins.to set here, before you, abd I'm kl&ost; out ot breith. About two weeks after you folks drove away in such high gk-p, Mother White came, into - the kitchen aad : told Amy that she had rbbbed her. The girl turned like a gh-Mt,|and olmost sworo that'; she hadn't Iseen the money, but tbe woman shut her up in the wood-shed, saying that she should etay there till she con fessed. - I -tiied to keep, her out, but- the eld one pitched me to the other side of the kitchen, and-thtewi asleep I stole down and toob-Amy. out to. the pump, washed her fao*' till slie came to, and gave her all the money I had to take her to New York. Mother White really believeB that she is drowned, for I brought in a shoe next morning, letting on tbat ! fonnd it in the water. I did, but I put it there, too.' 'Did Amy kuqw any one in Neir 7ork f ' asked the gentleman. ' An old woman that used to ! keep houses farther %ther. She | thought tbat she cOuld find her.' , 'Great Heavenl' cried Oaear, ; growing pale in an instant, ' Just wink of that child, alone in tbe ' great city, without home, friends, or money, busting, for a person, who may have tnoved a dozen times tinoe ahe knew her. Ediths she had fer better be lying beneath thtf t»ld waves, I feat' , f Yob dmVihkk she has com ; to barm, do yoa t' Mkcd tht tod. , V- - j.-. %- ? % ' It isimpquible to think other wise. Bdt you ineant well, and your Becret^shaU bo kept, for the time ... . ' Tou'Jl-^^w fihd her, may be ?' saidDa^,^&ltt;(illy. '1 sh(il iiwT6 co . means nutried Jo da so.. Can I aid you in any iBSgr^ltsBd Oscar. r . ' If you can help me to a situa tion, where I could find time to pick up a little learning from books now and . then, I'd be mighty much Obliged to you.' ? 'Do yon want an education .1' asked the genUeman, looking at him in some surprise, 'More than anything otf earth,' answered Dave, with an eagerness that almost transfigured his homely, freckled face into a handsome one. ' I promised my mother on her dy ing bed to learn all I could — to I study hard if I got the chance.' ' I'll remember your kindness to Amy,' was tbe gentleman's brief reply. ' Good-bye*' .- CHAPTER VIIL j ALONE. The feding of loneliness that came over Amy, when she fully realized | that she was lost in tbe great city, baflles deaoription;' and sinking down on a step, weary and hungry, 'the girl began to cry. The beauti ful faith in a divine power, which had keen instilled info her mind from early infancy, seemed to recede from her. Presently a man's foot steps sounded on the pavement ol the lonely street near her, and she jumped to her feet with a cry of alarm. The stranger came close enough to speak. ' fion't be alarmed,' he said, ' I'll . not hurt yoa. What are you doing tmtsolate?' His tone and kindly manner re assured ber, and going toward him, abe exclaimed : ' Oh, dear, kind sir, I am lost. Please, will you put me- into Thirty -second street? I have just arrived here, and must . look for my friends.' . | ' The pale beams from a neighbor ing gas-lamp fell on her face, and j its exquisite beauty struck the man at once. Turning to tho light be took out his watch. ! ' A beautiful girl lost in this great city at two o'clock in the morning ! Who'll he the wiser if she's never heard from at home ?' he thought. '- Have you any friends Y' he asked, aloud. ' None except the one I am look ing for,' was the imprudent reply. ' I am an orphan.' A gleam of triumph shot into the man's eyes. ' Suppose you go home with ine ? to-night, and find yottr 'friends in tbe morning,' he said, in an insinuating tone. ' You are very, very kind to me. Papa always told me that God would answer prayer, and I was praying when you came along. I sin Sure' He.sent 'you. to help me,' she added, eagerly, ashamed of the weak doubts that had arisefi'in her hour of periL * The gentleman — he was well dressed, and called himself one smothered an exclamation of dis gust Wore it left his lips, and draw iig her hand- through bis arm, hurried her along at a rapid pace. After fifteen miputee of fast walk ing, he paused before a handsome house, took out a latch-key, un locked the door, and ushered bis strange guest into his home. She entered without a doubt of honour of tbe man, felt ho misgivings for the future, and laid her head on the ?oft pillow, when she was shown to her room, with a prayer of th&nka; on ber lips to the Father, who had been so mindful of her. (To it Continued.} [?] v ? ? ' Bi Mbs. Baeb. i - AIL the colour lied from tbt girT? _ face. Nothing could poMj& maliC ?? tenors for Iter aa aa imjinirament ?? ? iu that jtldce, and a cruel smile f I-l*yed attg«£t.4Xu» eheEaw tlieiookofftot^S-fwr^iit came into her victim's eyes. 'Speak quick, orinyou go 1' -vas her brutal command. . ''Quick. I eay, for 1 can'tiStandThfefo Sll night.' I'en'or conquered every other feeling, and felling on her knees, Xh* girl poured out an eloquentremon etnuice. ' ' ' Spare me,' she cried, ins quiver tog tone, ' and I'll help yoirtfyhljht for it; but 1 don't 'tm-w'wh6re*lt* -is; indeed, I don't.- *I'Ue?en^irk to pay it back, if you only wont put me in there ! Please, please don't ehut me up in that place, or 1 shall die !' ? , A hideous laugh was the only, an swer to her appeal, as the woman began to push her toward the dbor/ Through the open window Dave came with a bound, unable to con trol his anger anylonger. i ? ; ' Tou shall hot piitiher in there, if I can help it,' he said in a voice of rage. v ' And you can't help it,' retorted Mm. White, giving him a push that sent him reeling to the -other side of ' the room. 'Now, in you go. JBji, morning I guess yduH be readyto confess.' ' i One shriek of terrible agony, and the unhappy girl fell £unting to-the floor, as the door of the wood-shed closed behind her ; and the monster who had imprisoned her turned the key in the lock, quietly removing ic, and slipping it into her pocket, .'My advice to you;*ybung man, is to keep your hands out of busi ness that doesn't concern you. Ofi to bed at once.' Dave turned away in angry silence, and went tipto his little room) but not to sleep ; for when the clock struck- eleven, he stole cautiously down flho steps leading to the kitchen. ' Mother Wl£ta has forgotten tbat this key unlocks .the door,' be said, as he lighted a. candle, and took a bunch of stable\ key? from his pocket, selecting one; and open ing the door. With a nervous feart he peered into the upturned face /of the child,-, wbo lay still and white) where she' had fallen, and started back,sbarely suppressing the ciy that pose to his iips. ' I believe they havelrilledierj* he exclaimed, gently lifting her limp, body and bringing it into tiheiigbt. ' No, she isn't dead yet, and I'll take her out to the pump and bathe her face in the cool water.' Noiselessly he stole out of the house, bearing his-unconscious bur den, and glancing around at. every step to see that not one was follow ing him. The cold water had tbe desired effect, aud in a few moments Amy opened ber eyes, and looked about her in a quick, nervous manner. ' Where am I ?' she asked. ' Out in the cool, clear air. ' Then it waa all a horrible dream? Oht that horrid place !' and a sbwer tanover her frame as she reuwubered it all. - ' Hueh ! don't talk no 4oud,' said Dave, cautiously ; ' but yon must speak quick, and think like light ning. 'Is there no ono in Siew Yorkwhere you can. go for a little time, till you can get .some work^to do,? Think quick*!'} and the fcoy patted his feet in his ioapataence. 'My lather's old\ housekeeper used lo love me veiytmudi, ana I know where she lives. Why didn't I think of her before ? I can find ber, I know I can. But I have no money,' and the glad ligBit died out of her eyes. . ' Never mind that,' said Dave, encouragingly, *' I haveilialf- a-crown that I've been saving ever since I knew any thing, anH that will pay your way. You are quite sure that you can find the friend you used to know!' - - 'Yes, I am quite sure,' shp re plied, courageously. ' How can, 1 ever thank you for tbis kindness to. me, a stranger ?' 'You haven't time to thank me,' be said, thrusting the money into ber band. ' Just steel into the boose and get your bat The train will be along in thirty minutes, and you have a quarter of a mile to walk. Huny, Amy, for you Tiave no time to lose.' Sbe needed no sccond iidding, and in a few momenta stood beside him, ready for the joumoy. ' Good-bye, Amy,' he saii^.witli V a quiver in his voice. ' I 'hope- . you'll get there safe and fiOundyMrt ' enough.' - ? - ' Thank you,' she replied, 'I thank you again aud again, for if I had come to in that place I should ' have died. Good-bye ; I shall pray for you every night/' and with -a hearty hand- shako -(die walked rapidly away toward the station. _ Dave went back toiusiedaritha a heavy heart, knowing tlxatthp old i life would be tenfold more burden- ' some bccauso of tho little sunbeam that had flashed iu aud out of that life so quickly. Amy reached the station, pur-, chnscd her ticket, aud put the \- changc into her pocket* just as tbe train camc puffing in. it ^ w Soon site was,on her nttd'to the: great city. How ohe managed to push Tier way through tbe crowd at tbe rail way station when tho train stopped die did not know ; but a kind gentle- j irmii. of njiioin she Jiad asked 'some iiuestiousjjmt ber on the street-car that ran htearcst insttueliajg tho conductor to give i:cr the nec#f-aary directions ^wnen ? lie put her ' Of coujtsc those injunctions weie C-rj*ottenIs sooa as given, and Amy was taken three itegjja than and turn to the left aad at the third yoS^ttli^e^treetyw^rtWMl and the car moved on. ^ The feeifUdwal girl looked around yi^UMrlHynta corner, some bouse she bad known before, but . everything seemed ®ow and strange, - and staggering on a few streets, be . ^ijd^l^oTe «S(d more hopelessly confused, the terrible truth- dawned her ihiit aha; was lost in ihe great meUopolis I CHAPTER V. f fVMOK have been hoarding up for three weeks to teU jnet' jaskedOscar, as he seated bimBelL ... ' You won't tell on me, or laugfc at me, or callmea little goose, will you X'^Ue enquired. ... .. , . ;,',I;wonaerjffhatyou«re at now; ; * lie s^d^ifttlr a domical VSipBto* on bis face. 'Edith, I warn you that 'you ate not going to 'fcOinjole me' into some of your quixotic undertakings— no, indeed. How ever, you may go on - and tell me what it is,' he added, seeing the disappointment that came into her eyes. ' . ' I believe jthat I know where Alice's child iSj'. she said. 'What are you talking about.. Edith !' he quickly asked. ' How do you know that sbe had a child ?' ' Well, just answer me one ques tion. What was her husband's name V' ' A very common one — too coin mon, (atherfJibii^ht, for his favorite child. ''EdithTpttpi— 83 you persist in calling him — is wore U) be pitied than Warned, 'for be almost wor shipped Alice. She was the eldest and veiy beautiful,- and|3&|Iookea, for her .to make a bri^ant:«aalch. But outislster,wasiasJgW^J«s sKe; was lovely, and whpn tter heart went out to meet thejgreat lpve that . Harry Joiies so -freely iiiffered at her' hIi rine, there ifas no shriakiM[/when the tide of -opposition rollea down upon her. But the child — where did you see it ?' ' At ' The Seven Stars.* I tell you, Oscar, that' 'was Alice's :child, for the Meredith was strongly marked on every feature— fair, curl ing hair, brown eyes,' and bjonde comdexlon.' ' Did you ask her name ?' 'Yes, and she said it was Amy Jones.' . *' Oh, this is distressing I' ex claimed Oscar, rising, end pacing rapidly back and forth. ' It is ? really our niece, she must .be cared for. Father's anger certainly will sot descend to the child.' ' You are mistaken, sir, in your surmises, '' said Mr. Meredith, Sr., entering the room, ' if, as I presume, you are speaking about that head strong girl whose name is a forbid den word in this bouse — though to little purpose, it seems.' 'i was speaking ot Alicc, an swered Oscar, frankly, 'aud it is probable that her child is in indigent cicrumstances in this neighborhood. Father, you do not intend to suffer her to remain in poverty, do you ?' 41 What bave I to do with the child 1 In plain terms I told the mother what /.the consequences would be, and she deliberately cbose to disobey me. I will not look after ber children, nor shall a penny of souife go to them.' 'You are harsh, very harsh, to allow your bitterness to rule your actions toward the grandchild, re marked the son, speaking with more feeling than he had ever before used to his parent. 'If this is Alice's offspring, she should be cared 1 for.' 1 'Take .care, young man, or you ! nay go too Gar in your zeal for this beggar! . Let us understand one j another. This is the second lime this subject has been broached in my presence. Let it be the last' Edith sprang forward and put both hands on lier father's shoul ders. ' Don't be so stern, papa, for you bave enough for us all. Little Amy will moke sunshine and glad ness in these halls, and prove a blessing to you some day when 1 am —I— well it don't matter what; but do relent, forgive and forget' ' I'll do nothing of tbe kind,' he replied, almost roughly. 'I'll cot take the'plebeian under my roofbe cause it is your whim. * * ^ ' 3% it ' Not to please rnK fetber,' 'cried 'the giri, growingllaS^^dy^&j; earned' hut becau^t}8^^t*M1 proper tbat you should 'dt- so.' -Her :pla^Ja-ptlv,us,and-I should tbiuk you' would *t)e too. proud 'to . have your grandchild a servant in a country inn.' 'She is none of mine,' he an swered, slowly and distinctly, ' and .I'll not 'giv^biw'iijyfprotection 'as 'such.' T . ^ ? ' Then I $nll, if it costs tne home, JojiUne, aud a father's Jove,'' said ''t)&aE;' with a determined ring iu his voice, growing pale with sup pressM emotion. ' It ehall iieyer be saffl that Oscar Meredith saw ing sisteift child suffering, and did not reach«ut his hand to help her.' ' 'Swu are of age, and can act for yonnpslf; but never let me bear a word ^bout it again, or you'll find anotur home. Edith, remember -tbat hus comman(l .extends to you , liketnae,' replied tb| fatlier,. wjtb some hitterneas, and, picking up hit bat bij) left the room. EtMth lookedather brother, teap fallinl; like rain wet her face, ana be. paying her.distress, ca&ie; tp ber side, pid passed bis arm about her waisfj » riim'«brhrtl»itt.ybn' ^hontd ^t«Tegwitnessed (such 'a ' scene ar this.^ie said. ' ' ifpn't think of me. 1 am not cjying for inynlf.but for the lonely ^M'mUED ON PAGE 8. !' Don't cryj Edilh*; Fll eee after : |prite vei^iaucW-»o mucji tbat pain. ^5-'' \- Tou win let xnTp: with yoa to V-i don't Jmowiirhy ahe ah&uli; be, I am saxe,' he replied, folding -her in to ai^^ whifr- as Onile' abouifliiBlips. 'Btrt, ' Edith, I am:*Wa Jtn iiaTO .you brave your fathei'fl_*nger and » . fSMr «Papa is goingitb iAIBainy'fdfi Mon» our time, Oscar, as sure aa a guiu waller down a hill He took her small hands in bw» aud .lo-drit«-irilo Sb« my sake, Edith .T You know I Ioys fpu very much, and jjun ' o! Easy blpmisbjhat mars your beauty t Thew is nofti^ comely from fenule lips as slaqgl it savors »o muph of vulgarity.' .?mifWmfeeWfce^aiiajio - anything, if you'll let me go with you. tow gw ? The §even«tai6 P - ^.f, ' I ' About eight miUs.^ j * ' Then well nae on hor^pMVfi ,, start ligbt early, before the'mih w' s up, and get back before it gets -ao warm.' - - ' ' You seem to have it all ar .ranged, whether I consent _or hot Edith, suppoae father finds it out ! I am nfxaid I should have but little influence to shield you from hii , but he won't. How is he to find out, in Albany, what is going on at ' The Castle !' Trust me for that, Oscar, he'll not find put Now that is aettted, I come to tny next question. Did you— did you ae# — Herman in the city!' : 'Ah ha! I knew it. You have bjen dying to ask tbat question ever since I came home.'' ~'i 'Then why did you not tell me without asking ?' - : 'Because l wanted to try yon. So you dpr4ikeitfi)n * little f ?*.:-' ' 'No, I do not,', she answered, seating lierfoot ^wn 4b iraphasiMi the last words. . 'Yes, you do, Edith. If not, ' why does the %-lood tush -to your face when bis name is mentioned ? ' do not see that there is anything to be ashamed of in loving a man liko Herman Singleton.' 'Don't yout Well, .he is good , looking, the prince of good fellows, and worth, ob, so much money, how much, Oscar— a hundred thousand? I -don't believe a word of that It takes old men to be worth that much, and I don't can three straws for him or hit mow»y;^er. How is that for high t' she asked, stop ping shbit Ihihewaltz ihaitshe was executing around .the top m, and looking up into his lace' with a eauoy smile. ' That wasn't «lang, was it ?' ' X am afrud I shall have to give, up trying to reform you,' he laugh-' ingly answered. (To BE CONTINUED.) 