THE NOVELIST. CUNNING MURRELL.' By ARTHUR MORRISON. CHAPTER XV. A PRIVATE DANCE. Old Sim Cloyse considered his son's re ports, and made himself certain that the coastguard had taken no hand in the in terruption of his nocturnal enterprise. His reason, also, inclined him to the conviction that be owed his scored arm to Golden AdamB. Young Sim was very suspicious of Roboshoberv Dove; but, perhaps, his judg ment was affected by the scare he had suf fered. In any case old Sim's course "arsis resolved on; to buy off Cunning Murrell. Plainly he had not as yet given the re venue men information, but he might do it whenever he began to doubt that the series of Adams's interests would pay as well. And it was certain that there could be no getting at the tubs while that desperado sat over them every night with loaded pis tols. So that on every score it was neces sary to win over Murrell, in order to avoid the interference of the coastguard, and in order to circumvent Golden Adams. For Cloyee was resolved above all things that now Adams should not get one penny from the venture, even if he, Sim Cloyse him self, bad to band over the whole thing, tubs, Adams, and all, to the Queen's men; more, that he should be punished in one way or another, with every circumstance of spite. For one of the few luxuries that old Sim Cloyse was ever willing to pay for, and to pay well, was to grind the face of art enemy; to grind it off his head, to grind it till the very head was ground off his shoulders. But he saw no reason yet for doing it expensively this time. FirEt, at any rate, he would see what could be done to secure the "stuffs," for it was plain that with Cunning Murrell it must be merely a mat ter of price. So he drew on his coat, with the careful aid of young Sim-for the sleeve was sore tight over the bandage-took tiis thick stick and his glazed hat, and started up Church Hill to gain Hadleigh by road. For the present-be was shy of the way over the marshes. He timed himself to be there as darkness fell. One of his reasons was that he was not anxious to exhibit himself publicly as as a visitor at Murrell's door, for he was so much a man of note in the neighbour hood that the report of such a visit would give rise to much discussion and incon venient conjecture. But in any case, at nightfall was the likeliest time to see the cunning man. For in daylight he was often hard to come at, and once night was fully set in he was like to be off on his travels and lurkings, with umbrella and frail. The light was at its sweetest and mellow est; the light that comes with clean air and sweet Einells at the end of a shining day, soothing the eyes and painting the world with its loveliest colours. Not with red sunset, for that was yet to come; but dazzling no more, and setting all things above the long shadows in a mild harmony, where the rawest noonday hue was suave. The grey old church tower stood high against the blue, and dead John Loten's ivy stirred in the light breeze. Leigh roofs clustered red below, and beyond them was the soft salt water lying out to sea for many a calm mile. But old Sim Goyse tramped ahead on business intent, and bothered his crafty old head with no fancies. He went round behind the tall dull m-tory wall, and over the waste ground beyond, undisturbed by the noisy debate of the rooks in the rectory ground. He climbed readily over the gate into the first bean- field, for he was no very old man yet, though they called him old Sim. And so he ivent along by the side of one field, and across the next, till he came out at the gate in the road, just short of Lapwater-hall, and set his face toward the now reddening eun. He never turned his head as he passed the hall itself, to look for the highwayman'e ghost that offered wayfarers a drink of beer, for he had no superstitions outside the system of bookkeeping by double entry. In fine, he kept his wide face and bis little eyes steadily towards the sun till a sound of gaiiop and rumble on the road behind him was come BO near that he must needs sidle toward the ditch and look about him to save bis bones. It was the shrimp cart from Leigh, the fastest thing on wheels from here to Lon don, whither it was bound. Built like a roomy farm-vraggon, but lighter every where, piled bieh with hampers, and spin ning along at the heels of four stout bays, its passing was the event of the evening along forty miles of road. There was one change of horses, at Shenfield, and, though it was called the shrimp cart, shrimps made a small pait of its load, which wae of fish of every sort that the Leigh fleet brought in, and of cockles and oysters. The shrimp cart was also the Leigh coach, in its way. For in the rare event of any man of Leigh or Hadleiph daring to go a-journeying bo far as London, or, as was scarcely less rare, to Borne place distant on the way, he sought passage in the shrimp cart, where a seat among the hampers was always easy to find. « Sim Cloyse stood up by th® ditch, arid the shrimp cart^fc^tit by with a rattle and a whisk of dust, ~tjfc .driver raising his whip in salutation as he passed. In a moment it was ahead, visible merely as a receding pile of hampers, bedded on a little cloud of dust. But it carried a passenger, who sat up there among the hinder hampers, read ing in a little book'. Cloyse shaded his eyes with a hand, and though it was not easy to see, because of the sun beyond 'the cart, be thought be could recognise the pas senger; and that it was Cunning Murrell. And indeed he waB right. This set him doubting afresh. Why had Murrell been to Leigh, and where was he going now? '? His own business so filled old Sim Cloyse's eyes and hewl that he did not stay to reflect that tbe"wjse man's con cerns lay everywhere among the people of those parti, and that any other of them might >rell have taken him to Leigh, or even on -to London, for that matter; but was unea*y at the conjecture that Murrell * The' light of publishing' this work has been purchased by tbe proprietors of "The Austral asian." must have been to the coastguard officers. For a moment Cloyse hesitated in the road. But plainly nothing was to be got by hang ing back now, so he went ahead again. It was dark when he came up with the black trees' wood, the little joint of spire that marked Hadleigh, and the shrimp cart had passed through more tban a quarter of an hour since. He turned the corner into the Jane, and rapped with his stick at Mur rell's door. He could see that a rusiibsht was burning in the keeping-room, but whe ther that meant that Murrell was within and so had not gone on further in tl« shrimp cart he could not guess, the ways of the bouse being strange to him. Ann Pett opened the aoor, first a little way, and then, without speaking, flung it wide, for she had had her orders. Murrell was sitting at his table, the candle burning at his elbow, and his bead bowed over h.s little book. "Come you in, Master Cloyse.v he said, without raising his head, "come you in, an' soon I will answer your doubt." Cloyse entered and the door was shut behind him. He had never been in this room before, well as he knew the cunning man by reports, and now he sat and stared. Not because the room, nor even his odd re ception, impressed him particularly^ but AUSTRALIAN INCIDENT ARISING OUT OF OR CONNECTED WITH THE SOUTH AFRICAN WAR. BY ARNOLD BELL, MALVERN, FIRST PRIZE. QUEEN OF THE EARTH : "AN ANGEL IN ALL BUT POWER IS SHE." "THE AUSTRALASIAN" EIGHTH PHOTOGRAPHIC COMPETITION. because ibere was nothing else to do, for Murrell not only kept his eyes upon bis book, but raised bis hand to enjoin silence. It was a strange little book, Cloy6e noticed, rather like a fat prayer-book, sewed in a pocketbook cover, though, instead of print, it seemed to be filled with small writing and cranky figures. There was a long pause. Ann Pett had vanished as soon as she had seen Cloyse seated, and now he sat and stared and won dered honestly bow Murrell bad known it was he, since he had never once looked up at him. Presently Murrell 6aid, still with bis eyes on the book, "As to your doubt. Master Cloyse-tbe answer is-'they do not.' " Old Sim Cloyse stared harder than ever. He had come prepared to be uncommonly civil, and was loth to judge the other drunk. "As to your question I have the answer, but wait till you put it." Murrell shut the book, put it ip the drawer among the papers, and took off the iron-rimmed spectacles. Then he sat back in his chair, and faced the visitor. Cloyse stooped, and put bis bat on the floor, under his chair, which was the polite thing to do with one's hat in those parts. His good manners were grown somewhat rusty from disuse, as he knew, and he was anxious to forget nothing. Then as he rose he made to wipe bis forehead with his hand, an action which becomes a habit with those that wear hard glazed bats; but he bad forgotten bis sore arm, and half way he let it drop with a twitch of the mouth. Nothing ever escaped Cunning Murrell's eyes that it was possible for a man to see. "Good evenin/ Master Murr'll, sir," old Sim began, with a quid: addition of tbe last word, which he " was near missing." "You were kind enough for to inform me when fust I were at the door-for to in form me 'they do «ot.' If 'tis no liberty, I would wish for to say I den't quite understand." "Yow come to me, Master Cloyse, with doubts in your mind, as many oathers do. Vow were troubled with tbis doubt, arl the way here an' before; 'do the ooast tniarJ know of arl my business concarus lor, sav a fort Hit, or any of them?' Troubled in your wind with these bainish an' grievous doubts, vow come to me for reliel, as many outliers do. An' I answer the doubts in your mind plain on the in stant. '"i^iey do not' were niv answer." Whether or not old Sim Ooyse was itti pressed exactly in the wnv that Murrell de sired-and Muvre.l loved his artistry for its own sake-he took the explanation gratefully. "1 thank 'ee. Master Murr'll. sir," be said, "an' vow hev made my mind much easier. An' most wonnerfui scientific coo, knowin' the though;.-" o' my liead afore 1 liad time to s; oak 'em. An' most kind, s.cnen to .-ay. aner 1 had treated vow that Hide when vow so kindly give me a wisif. For that benaviour, Master Murr'll, ] ask jargon. 1 were took that of a heap I den't kn?iv what to say." I'unnmg Murrell lay back in the ehair thai was a deal too big for him, watching I'loyse's face keenly as he brought forth labouriouslv his unaccustomed apologetics. But he said nothing, and Cloyse went on. "I den't know what to say, Master Mur r'll, sir, as weli vow may guess, the busi ness bein' what it were. For when a man hev business o' that sort, Master Murr'll, 'tie nat'ral he doan't crake 'bout it, ben't it?" He looked appealing!}' at the little old man, but his only answer was a calin "Go on." "A man doan't crake 'bout sich business, an' he doan't 'spect anybody else know. Consekins when a genelman-even a genelman o' great larnin', as be respects like yourself-kims an' plumps out with it arl to's face, 'tis nat'ral he oe dunted an' marthered altogither. An' 'haps he sez .Tommy.'r4"I' cinitrike a m*tch aa my trousers, like Uncle Bob. Ou you, .untief'London Punch.") what he doan't mean, bein' took so, an' wantiu' time to get his thotes togither." Old Sim Clovse was sulfering for his politeness, for lie felt sore need of his hat to turn about in his hands while he ap proached the real business. "Hm wlien you'd u-gone," he went on, "I thote an' 1 tliote, an' J see I'd a-bin wrong to mistrust yoiv, .Master Murr'U, sir, no. 1 doan't say to mistrust .vow, 'cause 1 den't do lhat, eo celebrated a genelman as vow be, but I mean 1 see I'd a-bin wrong, to make, to-to-to fare, to seem, to mistrust you, -Master Murr'II." Old Sim was t-ure nobody could pot it down anv finer than that. "An' so, thinks 1, J'jl ask pardon o' .Master Murr'II, an' prove J daun't hev any mistrust by a-iellitijr him ar) tlie business to the bottom, open an' 'bove-boa rd." Cunning Murrell was all nlert, but his vanity was indulged, nevertheless, by thes laxed as to nod complacently. Old S.:m Clovse was commonly a man of few words, and he felt that lvis resources in that respect were nearing exhaustion. So he went to business. "Vow kini to me, Master Murr'II, sir," he said, "on the part of a -a consulter name yow den't mention. I likewise now kim to yow, 86 yow knowed bo wonnerful scientific before I spoke, as a consulter. I dunno if it be an offence to a genelman o' your lamed celebrity to ask if that 'ere fust consulter behaved so proper as to offer what niipht be called compensation, or a fee, in advance? Heggin' humble pardon if it be?" "No," Murrell answered frankly, "be den't pay a farden." "Ah," Cloyse replied, with the tone of a man who plays a trump, for now he began to feel his feet, "then 'tis my duty fust to prove that there he a difference in con suiters, Master Murr'll, sir, an' that the more respeckful an' proper minded sort o' coriBulters do value your larned knowledge an' scientific powers as they ote to should. There, Master Murr'll, sir, be a fi' pound note, as a small compensation in advance, afore I say anoather word." Murrell bent hie head graciously in ac ceptance; but he was mindful of his dig nity, and let the note lie on the table. "Well, Master Murr'll, sir," Cloyse went on, after a pause, rubbing his forehead, but 'his time being careful to employ his left lu\nd, "so much done, I count we stand that one consulter as kims to yow 'bout his bit o' business, an' pays nothen, is done with. The oather consulter kims about his bit o' business an' pays in advance, an' ready to pay agen, as is proper an' fair. To say nothen o' the rediklus little as is give by tlie officena for information, an' the harm as sich would do in the neigh bourhood to any respected public genelman. Well, sir, fust, where be Golden Adams?" "No, Master Cloyse. since yow've come to make me offers so han'some an' liberal, fust 1 aak of your health. How'a yout am?" "My arm, Master Murr'll. sir?" "Ay, your right arm, up there. Yow han t no outside bandages, nor nothin'- to show, 'tis true, but yow den't think I could fail to know 'bout it, did yow?" Cloy« pressed hu left hand gently over the pl&ca;, «jad stared. "Wby," he Mid, "I den't think he knowed he hit me at Mj let alone where." . "Right. He den t know. An' he duuao 5°CloyBe transferred the ruWunR to the back'of his head. Iwn lie sly]v "Who?" e Pis "1 might answer 'him that m, tols.' Jtut you have paid ;i - }"5' tin' must hev arl 1 can give tV lee> Golden Adams." "Ah," said Cloyse, "I guc... Plainly he liad played the n.: 1 Murrell was bought, wholly V,,' ,!,au^ behenow?" ' "^ere "The sarten an' exact at tl moment o' time," Murrell ? j 'J's liberately, "1 might discover i ;iMni£o t the curis an' lawful arts 1 J. ium"f ? would take a little time; an UsenV1 inijihl ha' moved a yard or jj'1? take it yow doan't wish t<> ,,iov ], nccret arts, but to know wha; ow now in the common human \w 0' ...i > Golden Adams be?" *here "Ay," Cloyse replied, and led ene" getically. "At this moment," Mum 'iswered with a quick twist of his heu vard the wooden clock, "as near as 1 iU(w it Golden Adams be about haft uile 0g' That bein' to say, on Castle 1 watehin' with two large pistols an' a t "An' do he go every night?'' "Ay, everv night; an' keeps uv nigh too, every day. 1 "An' what do he say he'll .: "Says he stand over the : orty till he drops dead, or has his du< Old Sim' Cloyse shut his - with snap, and the veins thickened , lii* c head. "Master Murr'll, he farden! A murderin' gallons .. :Mn! shan't hev a farden, Master M .Til; We']| give hiui his dues!" "I'm willin* to do mv pari ''n-vuunto," Murrell responded, hut his ,>ld Sir Cloyse was none the less K might you think o' doin'?" "Master Murr'll, we can a an' he can't. Hev he got an his fore i hev a "What io wait, ..x- , "e-v-" A one at arl; not to say mon. ^ r" shilluns, mavhap." "Then he "can't get the au-av. Now, Master Murrll, sir, I hc\ .iadlv naH yow live pounds for adwioe an' mforina tion, an* I will be open with \nw and vow with me. I must get that property a^av. but stands to reason I can't v,alle deadly rapscallion stands agin ii n-jib jj0is. pistols and cudgels, desprit rip as he be One man like that can keep <,if fifty, t0 sav nothen o' the noise o' shonin' bein' heard. . Now, Master Murr'il. I'm readv to pay agen an* pav more to get Golden Adams off Castle Iiill. low (an easv find a way o' persuadin' him .-iff, an' then let me know when arl's clear. Will vow do that?" Murrell put his head aside sagaciously " 'Tis no doubt," he said, "I . .in lind ways o' getting him off Castle Hill, air leavm' your lawful property for yow t.i take."' He paused and smiled shrewdly. "Master Cloyse!" he went on, "come. I'll be open about myself as well as alnun Uolden Adams. I were in Leign Inn an liour or two l ack." "Yes?" "To see vow." " 'Bout this?" "About this. I thought to hint yow might clear Golden Adam? from Castle Hill and get your property by-well, by makin' an arrangement with me. But it were brote to me that yow wore seen to go out; an' I came on in the :-hrirap cart. . . . Well, vow be ready to mate sich an arrangement: Name your offer." Old Sim Cloyse looked hard at Murrell. "Master Murr 11, sir, get thai man out o' the way, an' when I've got i he stuff I'll pay yow-twenty pound." Cunning Murrell rubbed his chin. "That be very handsome, Master I'lovse, very handsome, sarten to say," he s.iid blandly. "The bargain be that I get Golden Adams away from Castle Hill one ni^lit, or arlto gither, an' give yow notice, that vow may move your property. When yow've got your property, an' not before, yuw pay me twenty pound. Very good. 1 make that bargain." "Good, indeed, then. Master Miirr'll. We unnerstand one anoather." 01.1 >'.ni Cloyse grinned and winked, and slapp.his knee. Twill be as well, 'haps, that \ow don t be seen comin' to Leigh to sec :iie. nor 1 here to see yow, till the job's ! : 1. An now, how d've think yow'll inm: i.;*? it.' "That I 6nall consider,, Ma.-:. >. Cloyse. Mayhap one way, mayhap anoa;::-'-pretty sartenly in a way yow won't .\pectin. But leave that to me." "Master Murr'll, sir, I hev ?wed my respeck for your larnin' an' n> 'rust in your wisdom that be soscientr 1 will leave it to vow-arl. We unm .nd one anoather, Master Murr'll, an' .v. what s passed there be no need for me lespeak yow to keep it close." "No need at arl, Master Cloys .lurrell pushed back his chair. "No ne a . secrecy I must keep both for voi- ke an mine. An' when I send yow a -e> or what not, that yow may find " P.'JJ" perty at your disposal, 'twill 1 terms as we hev spoke this ev;.- 1'° perty we carl it, without bein Par" tieular." Cloyse rose, but stood and sn ^ be hind his ear, as though some rering doubt remained. Then he ben. wards Murrell and said-' "Hev he told anybody else?" "Not a soul but me.'1 Cloyse nodded, thought, and s: -;jed a Jittle more, and asked "There be no chance, be tber^ Master Murr'Jl, that be get movin' it u uiohd to vow?" "Master Cloyse, I assure you- re be none. Not a'-well, not a piece o' ! I"-0" perty can be moved unbeknou; 1 we ll's arl at my fingers' ends. Th- " >'0,F offer, Master Cloyse, the very 1 >honie fee yow offer, be greater by far, 1 >nfe>s, than any I hev ever taken. If in 1 {r:l-' I fail yow I shall lose it, that's a: Hut ' will go so far as to promise yow >.' have your property, every bit of it." He said it with a confident assur.i n i' that was very welcome to old Sim Clo.\ - vv'!° groped for his hat, found it, and invent v wag gone, after Murrell had first c:>ut:ou>iy peered forth and found nobody near. Cunning Murrell shut the door (|u:et!>. Be turned, looked round the herb-lijwg walls, and buret into a wide grin, such .» grin as nobody--not even Ann t ever allowed to see on his face. 'J lien fie raised his hands over his shoulders. his .fingers hang near.Jiis ears, ami danced on tip-toe round the table; and tue dance was as silent as the grin. Now, if Cunning Murrell had baa favourite son whom he was bringing UP the practice of bis own trade he might hav qeized this opportunity to call him '0 ana impress on him certain maxims wiucfl, though never precisely formulated, wavs governed his own transactions. As, '!,'£. ?Eright in a" things. If there be ? ?outfiition, and one of tne parties come vnii, knowing you to have been already ,, i.iim'il on the other side, whatever error Wiiy induce him to commit, whatever .... of money lie may incur, and whatever normation you may pump out of hiin, will ilu result'of his own fault." "Shame llie devil by telling the literal nth. Jf n,an ')e deceived by the iite i until he must be a fool, and deserves to ; :l'er." I or, indeed, the long use of Bpells and n jurat ions had bred in him a vast re for words merely, since they were .inifestly so potent an influence. Others ?ve reached the same persuasion by a dif vnt road. So that to Murrell, as some ni's to greater men, a word, or a phrase, a sentence, which accorded precisely h his inmost mind, and at the same time apt, in particular circumstances, to i IT a wholly different meaning to the mis of others, was a valuable instru ii t of trade. He had, in fact, expected just such a visit :n Cloyse as he had received: for he 1 at least as clear and as quick a view thi' position and chances of things as .ivt-e himself. But finding that the visit I not colne instant on the repulse by -tol-lire from Castle Hill, whereof he had lined from Golden Adams, he began to : ipose that either Cloyse had been badly .umled or was about to carry on the :-iness in some unknown way. And be by reason of the poverty of the mo . nt, near as impatient as Adams, himself, , irsoived to learn what he might at . of Cloyse's health, and perchance ,;i on him to review in the light of new ii-imislaiices the offers he had carried i,re before. He had reached Leigh ; i.uhI in time to see Cloyse's departure : .in his house and to observe the direc ;11n lie had taken, and then was able to .ike advantage of the shrimp cart to reach .I.ulleigh first. liiii all these matters, with the unformu 11I'd maxims, were hidden in the cunning 'i ;m's head; for he never had any favourite , inld, and of the two remaining alive the -..ii was at that moment fast asleep in the ..;iinhouse where he worked, three mi.es ;iuav, and had never been taught as much as to read; and the daughter, though she ,im- l ut a few yards oil', was as illiterate ;i- lior brother, and as dull of mind. So ; 1 i.i t none profited by Cunning ilurrell's wisdom; and he, his dance danced to its rn.l and his grin relaxed, took hat, um brella, and frail, and soon was stealing .i.iwn the castle lane towards the stile. 