LOOKING BACKWARD. ? -* ? AN INCIDENT RECALLING THE ESTAB LISHMENT OF CATHOLICITY IN AUS TRALIA. BISHOP POYNTER AND FATHER FLYNN, 1817. WHAT WE OWE TO IRELAND AND TO THE IRISH PRIESTHOOD. Tee following, which possesses a curious interest for Australian Catholics, appeared in the London Univkrsh, Dec. 30 : — 'An interesting ceremony took place at St, Edmund's College last week, when Cardinal Vaughan solemnly performed the burial service . over the body of Bishop Poynter, Vicar- Apostolic of the London district, 1813-27, the body having been recently removed from Moorfields. On its arrival at the college on Monday evening the coffin ?was met at the principal entrance by the President, attended by the priests and students, together with some of the students from St. Ed mund's House, Cambridge. The procession in cluded the Rev. Dr. Rymer, who is believed to be the sole surviving priest of the ancient London dis trict, which waa replaced by the dioceses of West minster and South wark on the establishment of a hierarchy in 1850. The coffin was carried to the church, where Vespers for the Dead and later on the Dirge were sung. At the Requiem Mass next morning the Cardinal, in a touching and feeling way, traced the life of the deceased prelate, his twenty years at Douay as student, professor and Prefect of Studies, his imprisonment during the Revolution, his eighteen years at St. Edmund's as Prefect of Studies, Vice- President, and finally President, and afterwards his fourteen years as Bishop of the London district. He expressed the fitness of laying him to. rest at St. Edmund's, of which college he had been the principal founder, where his affections had been during his life, and ?where his heart had been buried by his own direc tion after his death,' SOMETHING ABOUT FATHER FLYNN. In Cardinal Moran's «' History of the Catholic Church in Australasia' there are many references to Bishop Poynter. The correspondence published by the Cardinal shows that 'The Vicar- Apostolic of the London district' did very little in the way of helping Father Jeremiah Francis Flynn, ' Prefect Apostolic of New Holland,' who was the first priest to oome to Australia as a missionary. This was in 1817. Frbema.n readers are familiar with the pathetic story of the three Imh priests who— victims of political conspiracy— were sent to these shores as prisoners in the early part of the century. When these priests, guilty of no crime, were 'pardoned' they returned to the old country. The Catholics of Australia, prisoners and free men, ?were left without any priest. Mr. Michael Hayes, a Wexford man, who had been transported in con nection with the '98 troubles, wrote from Sydney to his brother, a Franciscan residing in the monas tery of St. Isidore in Rome, describing the sad spiritual destitution of the exiles. The Franciscan Father lost no time in presenting a petition to the Saored Congregation of the Propaganda, In this document, written on the 28th of August, 1816, and which is still preserved, Father Hayes begged the Holy See to send a priest to New Holland, as this continent was then styled. There happened to be in Rome at the time an Irish priest of the Cistercian Order, Father Flynn, who had been labouring for several years in the West Indies. This good priest, although in poor health, offered to proceed at once to Botany Bay. He was appointed by Propaganda ' Prefect- Apos- tolic of New Holland,' with special faculty to ad minister the Sacrament of Confirmation. From the then limited resources of the Sacred Congrega tion, Father Flynn received 100 dollars, together with a chalice and patena, a set of vestments, a pyx and oil stocks, and several theological works. Father Flynn also received from the Sacred Con gregation a commendatory letter addressed to the Irish Archbishops, appealing to their 'charity on behalf of the volunteer and his distant mission. iuuu ci^uippeu, iaujer jiyim net ouiiiom nume. We next find him in London endeavouring to obtain from Lord Bathurst, the Colonial Secretary, some official authorization to exercise his sacred ministry in Australia. The officials referred the applicant to the Right Rev. Dr. Poynter, the Vicar- Apostolic of London, who, up to that time, had a sort of nominal jurisdiction over New Hol land. Dr. Poynter, even when appealed to by Dr. Troy, Archbishop of Dublin, aad Dr. Murray, Coadjutor-Archbishop of Dublin, does not seem to have exerted himself in Father Flynn's* behalf. Cardinal Moran in his history remarks : — 'It is sufficiently manifest from the letters which passed between them that the Vicar- Apostolic of London had but little sympathy with Father Flynn, and, indeed, there was not much friendship in those days between the English and the Irish clergy. Perhaps 1 should rather say that to a certain extent they were arrayed in hostile camps.' ; Failing to get official permission, Father Flynn set out for Sydney '? on his own account,' and entered Sydney Heads in the first days of Novem ber, 1817. The presence of the 'Romish priest' was for a little time tolerated, by Governor Mac quarie. He was then (in 1818) ordered to leave the colony. He lay concealed for several weeks in the house of Mr. William Davis— the site now oc cupied by St. Patrick's Church, Sydney. Then he was seized and sent back to Ireland. The illtreat ment of Father Flynn moved two other Irish priests to volunteer for the Australian mission. These were Father Nolan, a Dublin priest, arid Father Bernard M'Ardle, an Irish Franciscan. These priests were recommended in a half-hearted way to the . Government by Dr. Poynter. The inactive prelate, however, wrote to Archbishop. Trov in connection with the matter: ' I Bhould rejoice much to see a good Catholic mission established in New South Wales.' The two priesta mentioned did not set out for Australia. But the discussion in the Home Par liament on the treatment of Father Flynn resulted in the appointment by the Government of two Catholic chaplains— Father John Joseph Therry (of Cork) and Father Philip Conolly (of KildaTe and Leighlin). These brave prieata landed in Sydney in May, 1820. The credit of their official recognition, first in England and then in Sydney, rest', not with Dr. Poynter, but with the Right Rev. Dr.' Slater, who had been appointed by the Sovereign Pontiff 'Bishop of the Cape of Good Hope, Mauritius, Madagascar, and New South Wales.' It will thus be seen that in 1820 there were only two priests to minister to the Catholics of Austra lia and Tasmania (Father Conolly having gone to Hobaxt Town). Thejr were under the jurisdiction of a prelate who, residing at Mauritius, also had charge of the Cape of Good Hope and Madagascar. Father Daniel Power came here from Ireland in 1827, and another Irish priest, the great Arch deacon M'Eneroe, arrived in 1832. These were the men who laid the first stones of the Australian Church. In the year 1900 we find a Cardinal- Archbishop in Sydney. The Australian Hierarchy (including the Island Vicariates) now embraces 7 Archbishops and 30 Bishops. We have 1559 churches, more than 1100 priests, 4260 nuns, and o67 teaching Brothers. OUR INDEBTEDNESS TO IRELAND. Looking back to the early days o£ Australia, and seeing the conspicuous part played by Ireland and the Irish priests'in the foundation of the Church in this land, one can hardly read without amazement the statement made by the new editor in the January number of The Austral Light— a Catholic maga zine published in Melbourne. In an article, 'The Light of the Faith in Australia,' the editor refeis to the landing of De Quiros in the northern part of Australia three centuries ago, and to the religious ceremonies which then took place, and which have been for the first time fully described from histori cal records by the Cardinal-Archbi&h; op of Sydney. The Spanish discoverer named the new territory the Austral Land of the Holy Spirit, and had Mass offered up at his landing-place; The writer goes on to say :— . ' In the year 1900 it is well to recognize this his torical fact, and we feel sure that Catholics will be glad that the first words of our new issue should be at once an acknowledgment of the debt we owe his Eminence, and a reminder of the fact that we were then specially devoted to God the Holy Ghost, to Our Blessed Lady, and to Jesus in the Holy Eucharist. We are thus truly and historically Catholic as much as Europe itself, and not merely an offshoot of Irish Catholicity.' It is to the concluding observation, which is both inaccurate and ungracious, that we take exception. The -words of the- writer of ' Leaves from the Diary of an old Priest/' published in the Febemak's Journal some twenty years back, occur to us, ? ... i ' If 'at any time,' wrote the veteran missionary , who had spent almost all his life in Australia, ' since proud England flung her manacled children of misfortune and oppression on the lovely virgin shores of Australia up to our own days, the Irish and their worthy descendants were taken from the population of Australia, priests would be without flocks; and unless, as it is said happened at Glendalough, angels erected churches, not one of the thousands enrichin g and adorning Australia would be seen bearing high towards heaven the saving cross. Of all the Catholic schools, temples, and presbyteries built in [Australia ijot e?ven one has been erected by men of other nationalities. To the faithful Celtic race is the Catholic Church indebted under God for her foothold in Australia. Yes, Ireland gave to Australia riot only the Catho lic flock, but the Catholic apostle, too, in the person of John Joseph Therry.' , , ... .; ? ???.? ? ? '? ?~~~t ' ~_ . :. V; ' The patriotism of the residents of Bathurst was shown on last Friday evening, when a large and enthusiastic audience attended a concert at the School of Arts Hall in aid of the Patriotic Fund. The hall was prettily decorated for' the occasion with flags, &c;, Vocal and instrumental' items were rendered by local performers, and the Or≱ Choral Society gave -Gilbert and Sullivan's opereti a 'Trial by Jury.' A grand military scena, 'Round the Bivouac Fire,' in which members ..-'of. the Mounted Rifles, Third Regiment* and Reservists took part, lent a realistic effect to the singing of Kipling's ' Absent-Minded Beggar 'by Mr. Had wen Chandler, of Sydney. During the singing of this song coins were showered on the stage by the audience, who were worked up to a most enthusiaB- , tic pitch. ° An efficient orchestra, of which Mr. W. Qc.' Smith was leader, and Mr. Masseyj conductor, rendered selections.'' Mr. Lehmann (Orange) and, Miss Ethelwyn White acted as accompanists. 