TRAVjKjL.L.ij;i-t. GHOSTS THAT WALK IN LONDON. When a ghost once appears in any house, district, or town, the fact is im mediately embalmed in print, the in habitants henceforth proclaiming to the world that their district is haunted. Such is the case with Hampton Court, Bucking ham Palaco, and Marlborough House ghosts. Although * tney are described in detail in guide books, you will never see one, or even meet any person who has. But the Big Ben spectre has been seen by no less than fourteen people, and that quite recently. It appears in the shape of a shadowy, deformed old man, bending over a pair of motionless oars, as, seated in a worm eaten skiff, it sweeps out from the Surrey side of the Thames, just liko Westminster Bridge, glides witheut making a ripple , over the inky Thames water, through tho . third arch of the bridge, and then dis 1 apjjoars into tho stone wall of the House of Commons terrace as Big Ben groans the 1 first note of midnight. Every time it has appeared Big Ben has chimed thirteen, the last stroke sounding like a long echo of the previous one. Every time it has appeared one of our Soyal Family has died on the following day — namely, the Prince Consort on December 14th, 1861 ; Princess Alice December 14th, 1876; and the Duke of Clarence on January 14th, 1692. So that each of its throe appearances hn.c boon made on the thirteenth of the month, and on each occasion Big Ben lias struck that unlucky number. When it appeared on January 13th it was hailed by a river police boat, which happened to be passing at the moment. As no answer was given, the police gave chose, and in the darkness on the river aud the heat rf pursuit nearly wrecked themselves by dashing into the Btone wall of the Commons' terraco. The affair wm witnessed by a constable on duty on the terrace, and reported by fri'm at Scotland Yard the following day; but there the mattter stopped, as no light could be thrown on the affair. Of quite a different nature is the South Bolgnwia ghost; in fact, ho might be called the guardian saint of inarrie«i men who have Deen detained at their offices later than usual. , The streets of this district of London are very confusing, even in the glare of noonday. At night the most experienced explorer might be pardoned for losing bis The reason i6, according to the gentle men living in that part, that every e\e sink between 11.30 and one o'clock a gboBtly artist, dressed in a soft felt hat and the approved artist's suit, collar, and tie, goes from street to street with a pot of paint, ladder, and huge brush changing the etreot names one with another. ThiB ghost first began his nightly wan dering in December 1884. A-n artist had been over to Chelsea spending a jolly time with some friends. He did not enter hie wife's room until three o'clock, and when she demanded an explanation, averred that he had been wandering about the streets since eleven, having lost his way. No sane woman could accept such an excuse, and the lady rose, dresBod herself and, snatching up their baby boy, swept I from tbe room never to return. Her hus- ! band waited three days for her, and when I hie lady called him on the fourth, she j found him dead. He had taken poison. | More romantic is the ghost of Chiswick. j This is the ghost of Barbara Villiers, Duchess of Cleveland, one of the most famous beauties of the court of King Charles II., who is said to haunt that fine old red-brick mansion ou Chiswick Mall known as Walpole House. On fine moon light nightB, at uncertain intervals, the picturesque wraith of the Duchess ap pears as she is represented in .her portrait painted by the great Sir Peter Lsly, but with haggard face and dull, dim eyes, wringing her hands, and . exclaiming piteously to some invisible persecutor, ' Give me back my lost beauty ?' It ap 1 pears that this lady died at Walpole j House in 1790, the sixty-ninth iyear of her I age, of a dropsy that greatly disfigured | her. Another distinguished ghost which in 1 habits this quarter of London may be i seen in the old gateway on Richmond Green, which is all that remains of the once magnificent palace of Richmond. This is tho uneasy grief-stricken t&pirit; of Queen Elizabeth, who died at three o'clock on the morning of March 24th, 160.3, in another part of tbe building. It was in the turret chamber of this ancient gateway that Elizabeth heard the con fession of the dying Countess of Notting ham, who, on her deathbed, revealed her treachery in keeping back the ring which the Earl of Essex, under sentence of death, had entrusted to her to deliver to his Queen. The anger aud remorse of the Virgin Queen when she heard how she had allewed her best beloved courtier to go to his death unpardoned caused her to rush forward and to shake the dying woman in a frenzy of passion crying, 'May God forgive you, for I cannot V Of course the Tower of London has its gnosts, out during cue course or tnis cen tury these have become very shy, refusing to show themselves. Possibly this may be attributed to the sixpence admission charged on certain occasions. It iB hardly to ba expected that the self-respectang wraith of any historical personage will expose itself to the gaze of a Bank Holi day public. Perhaps this is just as well, for the last appearance of a ghost in the Tower, which took place in January, 1816, reBulted in the death of a sentry from a fit produced by pure fright. In this case the ghost took the form of a dark shadow in the shape of a bear, but it was known that the sentry had previously been alarmed by reports of the appearance of the ghost of Sir Walter Raleigh in the vicinity of hiE station. The most terriblo of London ghosts, however, is that which has brought No. — , Berkeley Square, into eminence amongst haunted bouses. This particular house stands on the west side of the square, and is in no wise to be distinguished from its unornamental brick neighbours. Until recent years it was occupied only by care takers, and for a long period wore the desolate and lugubrious appearance gene rally attributed to ghost-ridden residences. How the house acquired its unenviable repute it is hard to say, but it was suffi ciently notorious at one time to form the subject of a long discussion in the columns of a well-known antiquarian magazine. ThiB particular horror of the Berkeley Square ghost lay in the fact that its pre cise nature was never determined. It was a grisly ' something/ so terrible that those who beheld it never survived to tell the tale of its horror, for they were found dead with every appearance of having died of sheer fright. It made its appoarance in a bedroom on the second floor one night, and the servant who had a glimpse of it was found dying on the floor in convulsions. A family oice living in the house, too, were pestered by uncanny noises, most of them proceeding from this particular room. The fiance of ono of the daughters of tho house, an unbeliever in ghosts, determined to sleep in the room and to discover the cause of the disturbing noisos. He arranged that if he rang the bell once dnring the night, no one was to come to his aid, as he might merely be disturbed by some waking illusion. If, however, he rang the bell twice, his signal waB to be immediately answered. In the dead of nignt tbe bell was heard to give forth a light note. No one stirred. The first ring was followed iu a few seconds by a furious peal, and the alarmed household at once rushed to the room, whore they found the poor fellow lying dead upon the floor. It seems only in keeping that Saint Paul's Cathedral should have a ghost, but the fact that it, appears dressed as a nun shows that its education has been sadly neglected. The cathedral was built long bA-a.. nil nnnnariaD liad hoATl nhnliellA^. But every morning at two o'clock a black form sweeps six times round the Whisper ing Gallery, and then, with a. ghastly shriek, springs through tko railings into the air. As any spectator waits to hear the smashing of bones upon the stones below, it vanishes. The superstition con nected with it is, that ehould anyone below try to save its fall by standing ready to catch it, he or Bhe will die within the month. 