A Christmas Scare. [For The Worker.] It was in the old roaring days of shear ling, well over 20 years ago. Our hero was a big gun in the manipulation of the blades ; for a century and a half and well into the third quarter was an ordinary tally for him. His front name was Mark, -and what the other end of his cognomen was no one riehtlv knew, but he had a humorsome side to his character, and always designated himself the son of an Irish lord. Therefore by his mates he was dubbed The Baron. When shearing terminated, Mark with a cheque, as capa -oious as a blanket generally, usually meandered from Riverina across the -Murray to the lively and opulent city of Bendigo in order to enjoy a high old time. At Quartzopolis occurred the episode which rendered him and others locally famous. Mark had just struck the Golden City, ^ and with Matilda hoisted on his square shoulders proceeded at once to his favorite t hostelry, where he received a cordial .'greeting from the burly boniface. He *was anxious to do the town, but although ^his other garments were presentable ^enough his shirt was not too taking in appearance, especially as he affected a boiled shirt in town. It happened that 'the day of his arrival was the general half-holiday, and of course all the drapers' shops were closed, so the purchase of a white shirt was out of the question. But ?the landlord came to the rescue and lent ihis shearer friend a stiffly- starched gar- 1 ment several sizes too large for him. Mark got behind its expansive front and stowed away the superfluous folds as best he could. Then in company with the boniface, a stroll around the city was taken and the brews at the various bars well sampled. When they returned after several hours' wandering The Baron had on board as much tanglefoot as he could conveniently stagger under. A neat row of bedrooms stood out in the yard away from the main building, and to one of these he betook himself, deeming a good sleep the best thing under the circum stances. He then divested himself of all his clothes excepting the landlord's shirt, ?which enveloped him to the heels. How long he slept it is hard to say, but when he awoke he discovered that he owned a ?capacity to absorb moisture equal to any shifting sandhill west of the Darling. So he jumped out of bed and walked out into the yard, when glimmers of light from several bedrooms in ihe main building told him that the house had closed. ' Snakes and jews' harps,' he exclaimed, ' I could drink a barrel of beer, but I can't go in there with only this starched shirt on me. But a drink I must have.' Just then he thought'', he spied the groom's quarters, where a stream of light poured from the half opened door of a, small cottage in the further corner of the yard. On looking in great was his surprise to see a table arranged for two and laden with a tempt ing-looking ham, a crusty white loaf, a dish of laughing potatoes, piokles, sauces, ipreserves, and, to crown all, a huge jug of beer with the froth yet on it. 'I -3an't stand letting that beer go cold,' cried the ringer, 'with the thirst I've got on me.' And so, lifting the jug to his mouth, he drank deep and long. Then he took a survey of the room. At the end was a door and, prompted by curi osity, he turned the handle and discovered a bedroom containing a double bed occu pied by a sleeper. Turning to quit the ante-room he perceived to his consterna tion a woman coming directly towards the cottage. On the impulse of the (moment he reopened the inner room door and crept silently under the bed. A few seconds elapsed and then a female voice remarked in surprise : ' Dear me, who ?can have drunk the beer ? Surely, Michael cannot have come and gone. Well it is vexing !' Just then heavy footsteps sounded on the gravel ftvd a mellifluous voice said: 'Well, me darlin', an' is it waitin' for me ye are ?' ' Oh, Michael,' exclaimed the damsel, ' have you been in before ?' ' Troth an' I haven't, me beauty ; I'm only just off the bate.' 'I will have to get more beer, Michael,' said the' girl ; ' somebody has drunk it while I was out. I will be back in a minute.' ' Be jabers, if I only knew who played a trick on yez, 'twouldn't be healthy for them,' said the bobby. 'Bycripesl' muttered the man beneath the bed, ' I've got myself into it this time. The bobby and the servant girl are going to make a night of it. I wonder who the bloke is in the bedl' The damsel just then returned with a fresh supply of beer, and Constable Moroney fell to with right good will, while The Baron watched him through a crack in the door. He also noticed by the light „which filtered through that the bed was occupied by a little old man who appeared to sleep soundly. A bright idea occurred to Mark: 'I have it,' he ex claimed ; ' I will get into bed with the old man, and if I am discovered I can pretend to be so drunk that I mistook my 'oom.' And so he at once crept into bed, from which he had a good view of the lovers ip the next room. Having finished his ample repast, the guardian of the peace plaoed himself on the sofa beside his oharmer and began to make violent love. This so tickled our not quite sober hero that he foolishly resolved to awaken the sleeper, who he considered was losing a large amount of fun. There fore, shaking him gently, he whispered : ' Wake up, old man ; you are missing a real good thing.' But the sleeper took no notice. ' Drunk,' said Mark, and again began to pry on the lovers. Just then the Hibernian, coming to business, said: 'Your stepfather, darlin', must have left a tidy sum after him ?' ' I don't know,' whispered the fair one, ' the exact amount yet, but it should be a oouple of thousand, beside the farm and the shares in the Hustler's.' ' An' is all left to you, achore ?' said he. ' I believe so, Michael,' was the reply. ' Glory be to God, but we are in luck, darlin',' was his sole rejoinder, followed by a rapturous embrace. This so tickled the eaves-dropper that he almost exploded and once more vigorously shook the sleeper beside him. Constable Maroney now began to press his suit earnestly and to urge an immediate marriage. To this the maiden demurred. ' Oh,' she exclaimed, ' surely you will not talk about marriage just now and my poor stepfather lying stiff and stark in the next room ' ? A blood curdling shriek cut her short, and the next moment a white-shirted figure burst through the door into the presence of the terrified and dismayed lovers. With a hysterical scream the girl sank to the floor in a dead faint. The valorous Maroney sprung to the door, but as he had locked that means of exit and taken out the key, he found his escape barred. He struggled frantically to open the door, yelling vociferously the while, as The Baron, nearly as much- terror struck as the policeman, also made for it. Per ceiving the apparition in the very act of coming to close quarters with him, the demoralized Maroney placed his broad shoulders to the door and sent the panels flying into the yard. Out he flew on the wings of fear and The Baron after him. But the latter soon found sanctuary in his own room, while the policeman fell over a kangaroo-dog, whose howls and the bobby's yells drew Sergeant O'Brien — just returning from a sooial — to the scene.- He was turning into the open gateway of the hotel yard when the flying Maroney crashed into him with the im pact of a runaway engine. The unfor tunate sergeant was hurled right across the pathway and thrown with a horrid feud against a tree-guard as the scared cop raced past on his way to the barracks, where he told the gruesome story of his nocturnal adventures to his incredulous comrades. The Baron kept his own counsel for a time, but somehow the story leaked out, and the unfortunate constable became the butt of so many jokes as to why he did not arrest the ghost for haying no lawful visible means of support and so on that he sorrowfully tendered his resignation, and consoled himself in another town with the cook and her dowfy. At least this is the story as told by The Baron of how he was Scared at Christmas Time. E. L. IRWIN. Tineroo, Milparinka. Failure after long perseverance is much grander than never to have a striving good enough to be called a failure. — George Eliot. * # * It is better to listen to those who shout at us from afar, Relieve our misery, than to those who whisper in our ears, Aug ment your fortune. — Marie Leclinska. * * * Force used to defend a right has an immortality from the beginning of history, but force has never yet created a right. — Bryan. * ?» # In taking up any public matter, I have never made a consideration, and never will, whether it be popular or unpopular ; but whether-* it be right or wrong. — Thomas Paine. \ 