MURIEL'S ATONEMENT, I [COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE.] ? ./J j!' st CLARA MULHOLLAND, Author of ' A Striking Contrast, ' ** Kathleen a.Mav0uracexif' &0.,&o.; [comuonT.] HAD -bftcn fooling far from well foreome. time. A sKar|x attack of influQDjw, folIpHved ? by .a . .etUl... sharper' touch of pneumonia, , had; weakened ' and d.ep r o s.8 ad ja.q. Change or air and seeno, with plcmt^* of.' variety and amuse ment, was absolutely neoeuaary for mo, tho doctor doolarod. -If' I did . not gbtthia booh ho feared the oo.nso.ququcos. I smiled . sadifi and looked at my mother. ? ' We are not rioh, doctor, . ity father could not afford to tako as all away, and to go any where alone would be too dreary.*' : ? . . .... 11 Most certainly, and not to be thought of | for a moment.' . . 'Then I must itay at home, take my tonic, I ond hopo for tho host.' And I heaved a deep sigh, little dreaming of the delightful invitation that waa eren then on its wav to me. ? , My mother s only, sister had married a wealthy man without business or profession. Thev' had no ohildren, and a» they were tooth fond of travel and excitement, had no settled home.] They wandered here, there, and everywhere.. And often for a year or moro, wo had no idea whether they were ill Kurope, India, or America. ? Eight months had now elapsed, elnco my aunt had last written, and it was therefore with extreme pleasure that I (tho very day after tho doctor's visit) receivod a letter from her, announcing her arrival in London. She and Undo Tom were tired of roaming about* she said, and had made up their ;nindH tost-ay . in England for the next two or three years at least, and had rented a furnished hout*e in Yorkshire, whero they intonded to reside as much as possible. 'We are unxioas, for once, to spend a happy English ChnstmaM,' she, wrote, ''and, have invited, a number of friends to oomo to; us both before, for, and after tlmt time. .We are to have constant relays of visitors ull through the winter. Our first arrive on December 8, so you rouHt meet us 4 on* the seventh, and travol with un up to Cleeye Hall. I will expect you to stay all the tune, as I must havo someone young and pretty.. to help me to entertain my guests nnd raake thing** Sleasant. So be sure you como without fail, earest Colia. Tell your parents, with my love, that they must do without you for ono unriatmua. *4Ymir loving 'Aunt Casey. ' 'P.S.— Be snro you bring plenty of rtnart *frooks, as wo shall be moro than guy.. 3 cnolose clique to cover all expenses.1' This was delightful. 'Hi© ^ery thing j wanted, and most joyfully 1 set to work to- prepare for my visit. This, thanks to my aunt's generosity, I was able to do in a magnificent manner, and un the day mentioned by her, I left . the rectory with a trouiwau the like of which I had never dreamed it possible to possess, and with which I was perfectly enchanted. The Journey into Yorkshire was accom plished with ease and comfort ; and my nuufc, unole, and I arrived at Cleovo Hull iu excellent titne that afternoon. Wo looked out eagerly as we approached our new ubode, and »s we drove through the old wrought iron gates, up a long avenuo, we were tilled with admiration. Cleeve HaU sUxjd in the .mid«t of a, tine park, aud wa* surrounded .upon a)l sides by , noble oaks, tall limes, aud stately waving firs. It was an irrngulurly built, but picturesque, mauHion of red brick, with largo bay windows | and wide balconies. Tho lawns were well laid out »nd% planted with suoh a varietv of I beautiful evergreens that even in tho du*k of a December afternoon the place did not look as deaolato and dreary ae ono would have expected. Inrido. the house was luxurious, and was furnished .throughout with such exce leut taste that my aunt and uncle were delighted. That evening we dined alone, and as I was weary and tired after my journoy and unusual excitement I bade 'Goodnight' early and retired to bed. My room won » curious one, and ,my frelings upon ontcring it were not altogether agreeanio. xne oca, wnicu siooa in ..uu , '.alcove, was dniped with blue hilkourtains; tho walls were hung with tapestry of quaint ; dvsigu ; a largo bow window, very high from the ground, with a perfect staircase of steps leading up to it, occupied all one end ; whilst a hsndsomo wardrobe of inlaid satin* wood filled up tho other. Several candles burned brightly upon the drecMng-table, ' but their light was not sufficient to illuminate the distant corners, aud I ^rew somewhat nervous as I peered iuto their unfathomable depths. ' Grandeur is uot always pleasant,' I said with a shiver. 'I was more comfort ablo and happy in my own littlo poorly furnished room nt homo than in this fine chamber.' Then, laughing at myself for being so silly, I hurriedly made my preparations for the night, blew out the candles, and crept iuto bi-d. For some timo I lay watching tho firelight upon .the walls and reiling, and then a drowsy numbnefH stole over me, and I fell asleep. ?But all at once a noise like the tapping or fluttering of a bird against the windows startled me, and I sat up agitated and op grossed. Tho room was now in complete arknets. The firo had died dowu iu tho grate ; tho window curtains woro closely drawn. Then suddenly, out of tho gloom, sur rounded by, a halo of brilliant light, the figure ot a young girl, clad in a simple white dress, a bluo ribbon round her waist, camo gliding softly across the floor, and stood at tho foot of iny bed, gazing at mo with sad, flweot apnealing eyes. I trieu to'speak.to her, but my; tongue clove to the roof of my mouth, and no sound came forth, ad I marvelled who she could bo, and liow sho had entered tho room. The door was shut, tho window fast bolted. But ns I wondered, her lips parted, and in a low but distinct voico sho whispered, 'To-morrow you will meotono who has Buffered much. You will know him by his j alo, proud face, and melanoholy eyes. I destroyed his happiness— you must restoro it. , l3o kind— bo kind.' ? i I gszed at her, tremblin&r;, and tried to *pcak; but ero I could reply her form faded, became shadowy, indistinot, then vanished, leaving the room in darkness as before. I felt siok and faint. A cold perspiration stood upon my brow, and I lay with dilated oyes Btaring into the gloomy corners, afraid to move, afraid almost to breathe — wondering who this strange visitant conld be, and how eho had managed to enter my room. Then gradually my terror subedded. It was one of the servants playing a trick, or walking in her Bleep, I told myself. She must have entered by the door whilst I slept. To'inorrow I would complain to the house keeper— and better still look tho door— and \- then I need havo no fear. Agitated and excited I tossed from fide to side upon my pillow, the strange words I had just heard ringing in my ears. 'It is ubmjrd — I will think of them no longor,' I cried. 'And I shall take good care never to hear them again. A girl in the habit of sleep-walking should be watohed, aud not allowed to wander at will through a houso at night. I wished I dared ^et up aud follow her. Blit,' shivering, 'I dare not. I ? ' And then, at last, utterly worn out, I fell asleep ouco more. When I noxt awoke,, tho morning sun was fchining brightly iu at tho window. The curtains bad been drnwu abide ; my bath filled ; my walking, dfCffl^laid 'jfoftjJjF Upon & ] ch'alr. My aunt's maid had evidently ftoon | in, but had ^fona away without disturbing' mo. , Surprised, that I. should, havo iRlejit so WRndly.and.. eo..long, I sprang up and/ dressing hurriedly, j ran .down to tn«\ dining* ropnt, wbcro I. found my aunt .and unole be-^ ginniog-broakfast. - ... . . Aunt-Gurry aud I *ponta pleasaht tnoruitij: wandering ovor ? tho old hoiiB'v and - many and curious were the thin^ ft ©obtained. ; ' ; 'ThTa) itowVisa dhhrming ronm,,, bHed ~my nririij reading'1 ♦ho' way : tnto a small Inner drawing-room. //Thurt* shall wy own particular Banccum. , ^ u ? It Vrafl a'4elight^ut ' 'littlo bo u doj r,; pu n ell gn in wHT^ wM i Tk' jnde\ oriel finely -carv'M ..chTmpey - p1eoo ; .'-^*ored wRlj* . exQmsi|e'p]d oKibaT.. , Ov£r the 4jffreplace; 'ttom&l; fn to.'tli wiiJX'jvaB 'k ^ Very.beiiutifully painted p^ rtr*it,' and l start^J and trembled as I met the sad sweet ^evee , of; tl\e_ girt ; who, hat}, {ippoarpi so^s^rangely at .tbe.loot of roy. bed. the.nig'h ijjefort* . l .... - ' Why, ..child, 'L aaid Aunt Carry, . one J Would- tfiink -you t had: aeon a ghost. Thot pretty portrait seems to alarm and fa&inab;* youV ion look quite palte' ? .. ;j ^Whoiaahef' I^aspfed. 'Do^a sho live heref'V' 1 '? '?/ 'Certainly not, rand who she f' I cannot tell you;' Some daughter ^-f toe house. But wo took tho pldoe through an *gent and know nothing of the family, \ Sho looks charming, i thtak.,r v v.; ' Tea— rverv.'. ...... 'And this embfoidery, Celia^isn t it ex quisite ? And this piece of.Sevces.? Oh ! , I 'must fetch Tom, to loolc^i this.' . Andas my annt* went away to finaljer husband, I sank upon a chair, my .eyes .riveted upon, the pie-, tu^. j Then hearing iny aunt and uncle re turning X eecapcd upstairs*... On. tho first landings I xafit- Aunt Carry's maid. . - . »I have taken your things into a smaller and pleasauter room, -Miss Celia,' sho said. ' Your aunt thought the one you slept in last night too big and gloomy.'' 'Oh, thank yoti;' I criod. And ; with a sigh of relief 1 foudwed her into a channinu: daintily furnished little room; -looking out upon the flower, garden. ,'*I shulT aav nothing bfwhai I saw or drcamt laat night, ' T decided,' looking nmnd mo^ with pleasure. '.I shall bo.hapj'y hero Aiid sleep peacefully. Ttey .might laugn anil jeer— perhaps tell too guests aa they arrive — and, that I could not stand, t shall forget the whole thing as fast as I.ean/V At tea time that . aft«rm*m a roerrv purty ««» «!« ««« panelled hall, and ! wus duly prenented to the.nowly arrived visitors. When I had recoveried from my first shy ness, I lo-)ked eagerly, aiixiously round the room. -The corhpHuy -included poreona (of various ages/ lliere ' were elderly mhtrons and their husbantls, young girls, and several unmarried ineu . But riot one corresponded with tho 'desoriptibij/givon to me by, my ghostly visitant. . Thero were dark- men and fair— inany^ Jovial light- hearted fel-. lows^und one or ' tjwo^, with an air of bla*-'e. discontent* But nowlierq did.I 'see the 'pale proud face with njelancholy ..oyes.' Upon convincing myself, of .this, I heaved a sign of relief, andjxugtjing. fit my folly in thinking seriously uf wbatmust nave, been a dream,! i joined,in .tho lively chatter that was going on I aruund me. . ^ That evening I put on a pretty white silk, with a bimch of scarlot berries at my breast, and ran. down to the dfa'wiiig- room- before dinner, feeling woll pleased with myself. _ 1 was looking quile'my best, and reflected with a satisfied smile that at all events my a;Unt would have no reason to be ashamed of her My dear Celia; you really look .charm ing,' was Aunt Carry's greeting as I entered. ?*Mr. Goriti^; must take' you in to dinner, and tsee thiit'you are exWemely nice to lnm.' 4,Mr. Goring, auntie?. Who. is be?' ) cried in astenishm^nt, ..No one. of that name had. as far as I knew, arrived that afternoon, and I could not think: whom uhe meant. But at this moment my aunt had to attend to her duties us hostess, and dropping into the back* grountV I sto«»d watching our gue«ts as thoy came pouring in, one after the other. But no one appeared whom I had not seen at teii time, and I decided that, auntie had inude a mistake in tho name, and meani one of the 'gentlemen whom. I had already met. Quite tatisfied'wir-b'this explanation oi hor Trords, I was ,talkin^ to. a lively young American Jately. arrived from XSew xorJt, wnen I heard my uncle. say V r . . .' We ar© *11 assembled, Carry. I trust they will hot keep us waiting for dinner.' 'No, no ; it is not time, dear. And Mr. Goring has not come dowu yet ; he arrived late,'. Another guest ! My hands trcmhled, and I let my fan slip from my fingors. Mr. Barne- stooped to pick it up, and i looked quickly towards the door, which at that instant opened to admit a tall, sparo, and extremely refined-looking limu. He hurried across to my aunt, with otitstretchod band. * ' I am so wirry, and apologise profusely,' ho said in a clear, sweet voico; 'But my train was late, and I did not, arrive till aftei the dressing-bell had rung. I trust you have not waited fur m«v?' ., 'Not at all. You are in excellent timo, Mr. Goring,' said .my annt, smiling upon him. and from her manner I oaw at once that this man was a'favourite. ' Colia, my dear, may I introduce you to 3ir. Goring?' she continued, drawing me forward. ' Mr. Goring— my liiecc, Miss Liudo.' He bowed, and as I looked up and put my hand in his, my heart stood still, and J trembled and grew cold as deathT In tho pale, proud face and baridsdme, melancholy eyes of Mr. Gtrald Goring I felt sure I saw the man whmn the apparition predicted, I 'should meet, and to whom she had begged mb to be kind. ' Inuring dinner Mr. Goring :did not prove * lively companion, audit was with a. feeling of intense relief, that I rotse up and followed the other ladies from tho room.. That night I slept little- I was excited and ill at ease. When, I put out tho light* and got into bed I lay open-eyed and breathless, hoping, fearing, dreadiug that the apparition would again show itself at the foot of my bed. But jt cume not. ' Perhaps the room makes a difference,' I said at laat. ' I hope so.' And I fell asleep. Next day I scarcely saw Mr. Goring, as he started early for the moors, and it was, too ! dull and damp for the ladies to join' tho shoot I ing party at futiohboh. In the evening he did not sit near roe at dinner, and aa I watched him surreptitiously from the far epd of the table, I noticed' t^t he spofce but seldom, and was absorbed and preoccupied, 'The man has a sad story,*' I reflebted. ' I wonder what it is? Sho said she had de stroyed his happiness, ond that I - — ' uY.ou are' looking at Goring, I see,' re marked .my. neighbour, Mr. Barues. ' Isn't he a. melanoholy fellow? I wonder what's the matter ?' Pvstartod and blrtshed deoply. I was annoyed to be caught., watching ono of my aunt's guests, and the mdn'B words irritated mo. ? ....... 'I guess'he's not what. one. woidd call a lady's man,' he continued. 'He was quite lively on tho moors, but tbo momenc he approached the'houee a oloud Beetned to fall upon him.',... .... ... - v 'At the thoughta of facing,tho ladies ?' ' Perhaps. At all events in the house ho is silent, depressed ; out of doors he t is quite good company. Have you known him, long?'' 'Only sinco last night. My undo and aunt made his acquaintance at Monte Carlo two years ago. Thoy Bay he waa quite different there,' 'Then it, must be the air of this old h(-uso that disagrees with him. Perhaps ho has aeon a ghost.' 'A ghost !' I panic back with a little cry, as bofore me seemed to rise tho shadowy phantom iu the whito, dinging dress; and the sad wail of her voice rang unco more in my ears. ' I destroyed his happinc&s.; You mutt re store it. Be kind — be kind.' 'You aro ill,. Miss Lindo. Tuko.a little wine. The room is too hot,*' cried Mr. Barnes, in much distress. 'No, no: please don't notice me, or ..i ? ? J- t* ilflf Mlkinuu llljf n bnt it is not that. I- ? ' ' I had no idea you wero so nervous. It was foolish of me to talk about ghosts, aud, of course, it's all nonsense.' ___ 'Oh, qf course,' I cried, recovering roy self-posMbtwiobJ ' It was not — bnt see, iny-' Munt is going,' and I sprang gladly to my feet. | . Tho next day was one of brilliant ednshmo und hatd frost ; so»wero the three succeeding . days, 'and then the ico being declared strong ♦?uough to bear, tho younger mombcrti of' tho party w»t of? together to enjoy a 'few hours' skating upon a lake, in a beautiful deme^no' «H)'mo miles away. As Ir seated myself to put on iay eleates, Mr. Goiring suddenly appeared at rtiy sido. ?i* iAn' » v* UiA ? ' ^urorised'bbybnd measur6t; i gave . him my ^k'ntes, and I 'coUTd ecarcdy beliove my eyes Vljen he Vent 'down u^n 'one knec'bGforb uio, ? Hud'aeftly fHs'tened 'the 'straps. And when lie stotid up. again* and asked, me to- taVe . a turn ; with him round tho' Iakb, I was still moro H«^h1shed,4und very thankful . that, having ^penttyro wintew in'St,.Morita, Itrwby no means a popr^perfprroer. Mr. Goring was an excellent skater, , and a? wo skin^med lightly over tho ice, ho unbentas h' had ijever done bpforeJ . Ho wasadelight ful companion, and ob I glanced at the clean out, handsome features, the pale, clear 6kih; the short aristocratic -lip, ' and animated telligeut face, I macve\led more atid more at the gloom and depression from which he usually suffered. After this, the dayis flew by in quick tub cession. The fine frosty weather continued, and we spent 'most of our time on the ico. Visitors camb and went, at Cleevo Hall, but Gerald Goring still lingered on amongst us. ? He talked frequently of going, but was always persuaded to prolong his virit by my *, aunt ana uncle, who appeared to havo con ceived a strong affection for bim. And I ? .When he was near I was blissfully happy ; when he wandered from my . aide , and . lalkod or walked with anyone else, X folt euvions and dissatisfied. When be spoke of leaving us my soul was filled with anguish. : His smile was moro to me than anvthinc in I the world, its very rareness making it tho I more valuable. - So tho days worb on, and on Christmas Evo , some of my frieinda and I went off together to decorate the village church. 'Many han'ds.'make light work,' and in a short timo our wreaths were hung, our plants and flowers arrunged to our satisfaction, and we wandered out of the church amongst tho old moss,' ?grown graves. I Presently I dropped behind, and, careless of whero I sat, sank down upon the grass brside.a pretty white marble monument, ond almost unconsciously x roaa tne snoru inscrip tion : Sacred to tho Memory of Muriel, Aged Nineteen. 'Poor thing.; how young!!' I sighed. '* But perhaps, after all. she was saved from, a world of pj«in.' w* A hand was laid upon my . shoulder, and, looking up, I saw Gerald Goring, white and agitated, standing before mo. 'Como away,' ho cried. 'Oh, como away I' I rose at once and followod him out of the churchyard, and in silence we strolled away across rhc lonoly moorland. 'Miss Lindo,' he said after a time, 'how was it ybu.came to sit hear that grave?' 14 1 cannot toll ; chance, I suppose. I felt tired, and sat down without looaing whero,' 1 ? 'A dangerous thing, a most dangerous thiug to sit out of doors at this time of year. But do you— have you ever heard that girl's history ?' *? No j I never saw or heard her namo till now.' 'Ten years ago,' ho said, with emotion, ?* she and I were engaged to be married.' l started round, and looked with oyes lull of pity into his pale, handsome face, but I made no remark. ' I loved Muriel passionately, devotedly,' ho continued, 'She was very lovely, a dainty little thing, with oyes of the purest nine, and hair liko spun gold, growing all over her pretty head in a myriad of tiny curls. But sho was self-willed, and could not boar to be crossed in tbo smallest thing. Her parents were wealthy, and had all her life humoured her smallest whim. Eight months of the year ihey lived at beautiful Cloove Hall ; the remaining time ? ' ' Iu Cleovo Hall ? Ob, Mr. Goring, waa *he one of tho Leighs ?' Ho bowed his head. I 'Mr T^ioll'a aK.'1/I QUn. M11A/1 i-y a fall from her horse bofore my very eyes,' 'How terrible !' . 'Terrible, indeod I And all the more so A'hon one remembers that her death was taiueed by her own folly arid perverseness. In * fit of childish bravado sho ono day insisted upon jumping a fence, which I assured her was dangerously wired Upon the far side. ' ' I cau easily clear it, and I will jump it, * she cried, and away she went. | ' Ob, God 1' he murmured, 41 how plainly f see it Jill— -tho lovely pouting lips, the dofiant pose of the golden head as sho flew past me on her spirited littlo mare ; then the awful crash — tho sad hours beside her as she lay cold and dead upon the ground, whilst the groom went iu search of a carriage in which to convey her back to tho hall —the laat days — the funeral — aud my heart-broken departure from the old house — from which I went vowing never to return.' 'Arid yet you camo,' I whispered through my team. 'How you must havo suffered !' 'Suffered?' he said, turning suddenly and lookiug straight iuto my oyes. 'Yes, at first.' He paused abruptly, and, stooping, gathered a pieco of heather and placed it in his buttonhole. ' I riiet your undo and aunt abroad, as I dare say thoy have told you, Miss Lindo, and we became fast friends. They knew nothing of my story, so when they took the hall, they at once invited mo to come to theui. My first inoliuation was to refuse. I hesitated. Some- ' thing drew me to the old place, and I came. In the houHo I was depressed, iniserablo. Tho thought of Muriol hauuted mo. I saw her at every turn, and I resolved to go. But go I could not. Something compelled me to stay. As tho days wont on I grow moro peaceful, ln tho open air— with you, talking to you My heart beat tumultously, and I dared notraise my oyes. 44 1 gradually became happier. A weight seemed lifted from my heart. When you were near I forgot past troubles. I felt ablo to smjle— to laugh. I seemed to grow young aguin. Old memories faded. Things that UHod to TVtm inn did' an -no morn. Tn fclm boudoir hangs Muriel's portrait, and I havo. looked at it without a pang. I — . 44 Muriel! Oh, then, it was she,', /I criod, 'who came to mo and told mo I I recognised her at onro whon I saw tho por trait.' And I stammered out a full det&rip;^ tion of tho, apparition that had visited ino upon the night of my arrival at Cleeve HaU. 44 How marvellous!' ho murmured, with changing colour and in an awo-struok voice, ''.Did you see her'more than once ?' 44 No, only onco. And I .was norvou.% over- wrought. Tho Bluo Chamber is big and gloouiy.' 44 The room iu which thoy laid her,' ho covered bis face with hishanan, 44 at the last,' 'It may havo been a dream — a — a fancy— ' 4 ? No,' he answered, solemnly. 'You saw sweet Muriel — of thut I am convinced. But why did she come — to you ? Did sho speak P' 'Yes,' with crimsoned cheeks. 14 She- she told nie I should meet you — described you accurately.' 44 How strange ! And oh, Celia, was tho* , all?' 44 No, she told me to bo kind to you.' '4My darling, she wished to atono.' Ho caught my hands and hold them tightly within hi* own. 44 And you have helped her bv vnnr kiiidnpKH. But. oh ! Celia. can vou lovo iuo ? Yuu have heard my story, know how 1'have suffered, how my happiness was wrpoked— can yuu — will you trust yourself to 1 raised my head and h oking up shyly iuto ?l-is face. 1 whimpered : 44 Yes, for I lovo you, and long to see you happy.' ??My lovo, my wife, you shall,' ho criod ; and drawing me to his breast he sealed his promise with u kta. ^ Sciential* tay that the orango waa form#*^ a berry, and that it has bceu devolopiug ivr over 7,000 years. ? ? 