MY SILVER JUBILEE. i (Copyright.) ~,( by uja QWSEBX. Author of ' Banshee C*stle,' ' Hetly Grey,' '*'-«* IVtttle Misohiefs,' 'Gian- nett&/'&c.; fee. I mi not at that time partner in the (jig -^establishment of Silver, ftaith, and, Co.. buf£,baviag.made my character As a oareful mittodiari of their valuables, I flattered my svettthttt-tbe cleverest swindler in London 'would have to give it up if he item to try M play tricks on me. ft was about noon on a bright day in the height of the season, when a clergyman of .particularly gentlemanly bearing and elegant dreu came softly into our shop, sad closed our swing door with a lightness of touch significant rather of re . nneroentthan of levity. ; . I thought, as be approached the counter, that I had never seen a more dignified mem ber of the Church establishment. He bad the type of face that suggests the cultured leisure of the .cathedral clow. So typical was he, that I felt almosfeaure 1 had met him beforehand swiftly ran over in niy mind the few occasions on which I had hovered round circles which Would naturally bo graced by *noh a, presence. His black clothing was as soft as silk, hi* bands were spotless, the hat tie wore was perfect in its expression of a modesty which refrained from making claim ,for tbe entire reverenoe due to the wider brim of an archbishop. ' I wish,' he said, with a slight wave of the hand towards the glittering glass cases behind me,' to eee some' handsome articles ot silver for the use of the table. In fact, I * am in searub of J-wedding present for my daughter. She has already been overwhelmed with personal ornaments, and one hardly ' knows what to select.' He put ap his gold- rimmed eve-glass, an eye-glass so clerical that it seemed as though it had never been used before for' any cur pose bat reading the Bible, and stared mildly up and down the shelves on which jugs, tea-urns, candelabra, and all such para phernalia in the most costly workmanship, were; displayed. I promptly unlocked the doors t:and drew forth the treasures, and rangj||j them on the counter in front of him. It wBaSooaevident that he possessed an ex quiglte' taste, for all the articles of more heavy ana florid design were waved aside by him with a shudder of disapproval, while he hovered over the more delicately-constructed vessels with a deprecatory smile of satis faction, ; which seemed to say that, in as far as his ascetic calling would permit, he was .pleased with these trifles, whioh were so manifestly of the frivolities and vanitieB of thiB lower world. Ab he discoursed about the merits and de merits of the various article', in low, per suasive tones that suggested the 'pulpit, a 'carved and cushioned pulpit dominating a silken-rustling audience, I fonnd myself gradually coming under the spell of a singu lar fascination. Never had I met with a customer so intimately acquainted with, and so curiously well-informed on the subjects connected with that part of my business which was after my own heart. I had al ways had a taste for the more itoagiootire 'side of the metal-working art, and had even -made some designs myself which had been thought to be ralher successful. When my clerical customer murmured the name of Benvenuto Cellini almost as of one he had kopwn and loved, my blood was stirred, and I gave myself up to the enjoyment of one of the most delightful conversations I had ever engaged in. Having paid a hurrigd visit to ? Italy myself, it was yet new to me to hear minute and technical descriptions of the , antique treasures to be found in.for instance, the Florentine museums or the Vatican. From these he flitted lightly to the posses sion of art of this kind contained inEngiand, even in unsuspected quarters, as far as ths general public is concerned. ?' I myself have in my hands (as a sacred deposit of trust, of course),' he Baid, ' some of the most exquisite specimens of Church vesselB. Popish relics, no doubt, bat still estimable from an historic point of view, bb ipmII hh intrinainnltB wnfimLIa ««? a** »m i .n.— J . inary degree— & chalice, candlesticks used on the' private altar of the great Thomas a'Beckett. If you should be travelling at any time in my part of the country I should be most happy to show you these curiosities. ' ' Some words he let fall later on led me to the conclusion that he was Archdeacon somebody and my .curiosity as to his identity was considerably aroused. However, up to this point he give me no information about, himself, having all the time the manner of a man who was everywhere known, and who j expected to be everywhere recognised. 1 1 concealed the fact that I did not recognise \- him, and hung on his words with the open admiration to which be was evidently accus tomed, though he accepted it with an air of ' ipodest deprecation. | '-?'? ?' But this will not help me through my* business in London,' he said suddenly, pull- j ing himself up. ' I am in town only for the day, aiid have many things to do. It has been quite « temptation to talk to a man who iB acquainted with these mattere of rare and ' ancient art. I must really make my selec tion, however, and tear myself away ? ' Then came the business of choice, in which I am bound to say, he shewed himeclf a master. He made a collection of the most dainty and elegant, as well as the moBt coBtly articles in our establishment. ?f You will say I am extravagant,' he said, with a smile. ' Providence has endowed me with almost too large a share of wealth— not altogether as revenue from the Ohurch.but a good deal as patrimony.In self-defence,! may add that I do.not always squander it in this very worldlyand Vain-glorions manner. But when one has an only daughter and she is leaving one. also making an alliance with a noble house, well, one feels that one must not make her aBhamed of her futher.' My memory involuntarily made an effort to assure me whether or not I had seen the announcement of the approaching marriage of a nobleman with the daughter of an Arch deacon, but I was unable to give attention to the subject, sad merely reflected that very few brides hare ever received a prettier gift ot silver from a generous father, than the lady for whom thiB glittering collection had been made. . '?.Now,' he said, when all was done, ' I ^. have Boiue other places to go, and I shall call back in an hour for my purchases. I shall pay ciBh at once, and I shall ask you to have the change of a bank-note for £500; the ?~: articles come to £250,1 think you said. Quite . ^ right, yes, I shall bring the note from tbe bank— Bank of England. It will be more satisfactory than a cheque.' 1 murmured professions of my unlimited . confidence in this delightful representative \- - if C may say it, of both God and Mammon. However difficult it may be to aeive two . master*, here was one who had learnt how to do it. But thought could be no more than fleeting and fragmentary in company so ab sorbing and so fascinating. As my customer left the Bhop 1 again admired the elegance of hisflgure, the dignity of his bearing, the sovora perfection of his clerical habiliments. I wont to work to have the Bilver articles packed, aud was occupied during tbe whole ' of tbe proscribed hoar in fatting them neatly into * very large box and enveloping them in olouda of safety-ensuring material. FunoLual to time the purchaser returned. I saw him alight from a- hansom and stand for a moment making some urbane remark to the cabby, who seemed unwontedly well pleased with his fare, and I advanced to wards tbe door to receive him with suitable empressement. I retired behind the counter to count the note* and gold, amounting to £850, which I had provided as change for the note for£600twhiohha4 been duly deposited in my hand. While doing so, prudence urged me strongly to ascertain that the note was a*' genuine one before parting with the money of tbe firm, yet it was with a twinge of remorse for the disloyalty of the suspicion that I despatched a trusted messenger to my bank with a line in writing asking to be BatisUed with the honesty of the note. I kept my customer engaged in conversation until tbe return of my envoy, who brought me the assurance that I bad eonflaentiy expected. The note was as good as any ever issued by the Bank of England,' . I counted the two hundred and fifty pounds in notes and gold into his band, and, at bis request, sent V messenger for aoab to4$n yey him and the box of silver to the rail way statipn. He bad dismissed the han som of course, »s a four-wheeler was neces sary for tbe accommodation of tbe box We were standing in the middle of the shop, the box was in waiting sear the door, and while we talked I held the Bank ot England note open in my hands. My clerical customer's parting words were as interesting as aU the rest that had fallen from bis lips, and I was really rather regretful when the sound of a cab stopping at the door announced that my intercourse with him was at an end. ?? I will give yon my card,' were his fare well words, presenting it to me, ?'Arch- deacon Sutherland, Venersble-Bede Hall, ? Ebire, and if you should ever care to I see those interesting curios— the old chalice. ' in particular, is worth a visit ? ' I The entrance of a policeman out short the sentence. For some moments it was not apparent to me that the advent of thiB per BvH U1MI BUJ vlfUIlDUVLVW mvu vuv jtivhwuwv w* ' the Archdeacon, even though I saw the big man in uniform walk up to my customer and ! fix upon his amiable countenance a solemn Btare, whioh might easily be the result of the I magnetic power of the latter in compelling 'admiration. Not until the policeman | stretched out a mighty arm and planted a ! rude hand familiarly on the Archdeacon's shoulder, saying, ' You're the man 1 want,' did I understand what tbe intruder meant. 1 Then, glancing rapidly backward over the ' entire transaction in which this worthy clergy i man had played a part, and with a re assur | ing look at the bank note in my hand, I felt indignantly confident that this was a case ' of mistaken identity. I ' I've got you this time,' the policemau | went on, ' and a nice dance you've led me. What's he been op to here ?' turning to me ' with the contempt of a man who IB obliged I to suspect everybody for one who has been too easily taken in. ' You make a miBtake— an unpardonable mistake,' 1 began. ' This gentleman who ' has completed a most satisfactory purchase is Archdeacon ? ' I ' Oh, I know,' said the policemau quietly. ! ' So he's been doing the clerical, has he ? Last time he was an army colonel ; time be ' fore that it waB a h'American millionaire. MuBt say the clergy line is exceedingly be comin' to him. Might as well have reached up to a Bishopric when he was about it. The whole liBt of 'em would be hard set to find a match for him in the looldn'of the part.' [ glanced from thiB vulgar servant of the law to the calm countenance of tbe venerable ! accused, who seemed to disdain all attempt at self-defence, only murmured aa he turned ' his eyes upon me and elevated his brows : I 'It is quite too absolutely ridiculous ! The man must be intoxicated ? ' | ' This person, sir,' Baid the policeman, 'is one of the most notorious swindlers , we've got in Europe, There isn't a city that r he hasn't grabbed in. An eel is a fool to him in tbe way he has of fclippin' through the fingers of the force.' i ' At least he has done nothing wrong here,' I remonstrated. ' He has made a , handsome purchase, and paid for it on the spot.' I ' Hoirdid ho pay you for it f' | I held up the note which was still in my hand. 1 ' Hum ! Bank of England. Will you allow me to look at it ? Just as I should ' have expected— a forgery 1' j ' Impossible,' I declared. 'I have just received the assurance of the Bank that the ' note is a genuine one.' I The policeman smiled pityingly. | . ' I know them bank gents,' he said, ' as easily taken in as yourself, sir, begging your pardon. It takes a man like me to detect the tricks of such as he. Let me take another look at the note.' I He took it from my hand and walked to the closed glass door to examine it. After a | full minute he returned and placed it in my hand. I ' Keep it, sir, and be 'appy,' he said. ' If that's not a forgery I'll go to gaol myself for the mortal remains of my life.' I looked at the accused dignitary and saw that a change had now come over him. He glanced uneasily at the note, and turned green, and then white. 'Try to get him out of this, for God's Bake,' he whispered to me, ' and let me go I am no match for him* Hive me back my note, and I will give you your change, and leave you your silver ? ' ' Don't be so frightened, sir,'leaid; ' have courage, anti all will be well.' ' Notliin' easier than to prove your inno cence befure a magistrate,' said the police man. ' But how about those other littlr matters that you have been wanted for? At all events there's a cab waitin' for you at the door, and you'll have to come along. Oh, you would, would you?' as the poor Arch ueacon struggled against the disgrace of the handcuffs forced upon him. ' I would rather act quietly in a respectable establishment, but I may as well toll you that there's a good many of the force waitin' outside for a whistle from me, and we can lay you by the heels, and take you that way if you prefer it.' Hearing t his my unfortunate customer sub sided in despair, and Buffered himself to be handcuffed and conducted to the cab. \- ' Mow, sir,' said the policeman to me, ' this ib a big business, and you're a lucky man to have got no further in it. You have this box of silver put in tbe cab. I'm goin' to ' take the prisoner before the magis trate at once, and the silver must be pro duced, and you will have to accompany us to Bwear to your property. Ob, it's a big box ! There won't be room for all of us. You will hBVe to follow us in a second cab, and you must bring the Bank of England note with you. I ought to take possession of it with the reBt of the things in evidence, but per haps you would be better satisfied to keep bold of it yourself.' I seized my hat, gave .a few hurried in structions to my subordinates, and walked out of tbe door juBt as a Becond cab drove up, that which had been seBt for before the arrival of the policeman. After a few re asuuriDg words, spoken through the window of the «r»t cab to my poor archdeacon, who was as nale as a ghost and looked ready to weep, and with a satisfied look at the box of silver, whioh was oarefolly stowed on the seat by the policeman, who kept his hand Up on it, I got into the second cab, giving orders to the driver to keep the nratcab in view and to follow on it closely. My reflections, as I was driving along, were curiously mixed. I wat quite at ease with regard to the property, for, not only was the silver in charge of the police, but I held in ray possession the archdeacon's Bank of England note for £600. The £250 in the archdeacon's pocket were also in charge of tbe police. There could be do risk of loss to the firm even in case it should be proved that my fascinating archdeacon was indeed an UDholy fraud. But I oould aol swept the possibility of such a conclusion to thiB ad venture. As we rattled through the thoroughfares I put my head oat of the cab window from time to time to Bee that we were following closely on the other cab, und for a consider able time I had it well in view. At last the leading vehicle got a good way ahead of us, and though I thought I. could still see it, I began to got a little uneasy. However, after another short interval my cabman pulled up, and assured me over his shoulder that a block of traffic had got between him and the cab he was to follow.and that he had quite lost sight of it. ?..??' 'Nevermind,'! said, and gave him the address of the magistrate's court; 'that is where we have to go. If you drive fast now you will overtake them.' After half-an-honr's further driving we arrived at the court. I jumped out of tbe cab, and gazed around me. . There was no appearance of another cab, or of my friend the archdeacon or of the policeman. I thonght that if they had arrived first, some one would have been in waiting to direct me how to proceed, so concluded that after -all, we bad made the better speed, I lingered about the door for some time, and then I went in to make enquiries. Nothing bad ever been heard there of the persons I was in ' pursuit of, and I hastened to tell my story to the magistrate. On hearing tbe ease stated he immediately asked to see the five hundred pound note. ' I should say that your policeman was right,' he said, ' and that the note is a fraud.' ' But the Bank ? ' ' I think you had better take it to the Bank,' he suggested. ' I followed his advice, and .the Bank pro nounced I he note to be a forgery. I referred to the information sent me only an hour or bo earlier as to this identical note. j ' This iB not the identical note,' was the reply. ' An exchange has been effected.' ' ' But it never leftmy hand,' I protested, except for about a minute while tbe police man examined it.' . - | The Bank official looked grave. ' It was a clever trick,' he said. j ' But the policeman ? ' I ' Au accomplice without doubt. I never heard of a more cunningly-devised swindle.' , Years have passed since I lost sight of that receding cab in a London thoroughfare, and no news of either -Archdeacon or policeman has ever since reached me. The affair was a great difficulty in my career, but I outlived tbe misfortune, and can afford to speculate with good humour on tbe possibilities of the case. I still remember the Archdeazon with a kind of affection, and I never see the form of a tall, dignified ecclesiastic enter our place of business without a thrill of half expectation that here is my venerable friend returning to tell me the sequel of this tale, and to recount to me all he has suffered, ; since I saw him, at the hands of that ingeni- ' oub and villainous robber — the pretended j policeman. j And at these moments I am fain to put | out of mind the glaring fact that inquiries made throughout ? Bhire had resulted in : assuring me of the absolute non-existence of Archdeacon Sutherland, and the Venerable Bede-Hall, hia interesting residence. (The End.) 