OP WHITE CLIFFS. ft WEIRD STORY OF THE DISCOVERY ©F THE AUSTRALIAN OPAL FIELDS. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. ? : ' • ' BY CAPTAIN LACIE. The wort' of getting the injured man ont of.tbe jnngfe wak * difficult task, and.ilOt-»ccQ|Dpliihid without infinite U^urw. When ibe open was reached, ftora'fopnd that another disaster- hid occurred.. Her hone had broken away' affrighted' at the turmoil, and wu now probably galloping back to Salvator Station, or perhaps to Fitzgerald's home. This vac indeed a serious matter, for the girl's intention was to bare Forbes, mounted on her horse and thus convey him to Mount Pluto. Under the circumstances she was in a dileroia. Her first impulse was to leave Forbes at the camp of the blacks and then go on ahead for her father's help. The manager, however, would not hear of this. ' If you do that, Nora, the brutes will surely murder me. Anything is better than that,' he gasped. ' Then I'll get one of the natives to go, and I'll stay with you, James,' she replied. The manager of Salvator Station apparently had a nervous horror of the blacks and vowed that he felt himself getting stronger—strong enough, in fact, to walk to Mount Pluto. As a proof of his words, the man summoned all his resolution, and it seemed to the girl as if he might be able tp accomplish the wijk. ;Jn ier' inmostnfind she dreaded l&aVtTig; him with the people who had such a hatred against him, and seeing.his distress, Nora resolved tomakethe desperate vepture. -It -was quite ten miles from the spot to the cottage Of Allan Fitzgerald, and the road was not by iny-^neans a good one. It was clear enough,, but very hilly, and under .the circumstances it was little better than a forlorn hope to attempt the journey. • I would rather die by the way, Nora, with you at my side, than be butchered^by the black scoundrels yonder. You'll find I can do it right enough,' spoke James Forbes in a low voice as the party came' abreast ot the natives' camp. This decided the girl, and after thanking her sable friends who. had .. assisted t^e'wounded man out of the' scrub, Nora gave her arm to Forbes and they slowly made their way'towards the Glen of Shadows. The road brought them within . forty yards of the point at which the concealed body of blacks had rushed out upon the manager when he assaulted the two representatives of the tribe with the stockwhip. Something caused Nora to glance at this spot, and as she did so the girl'jpaused. and with outstretched arm. pointed towards it. ••Look I'she gasped. 'There is Abfel'StttcJiffeV ' Abil sitplifft /' repeated forbes in amazement, not unmingled with horror. ; ^Abel Sutiliflej 'Good God 1 what are you talking about, "A yiolentihudder passed through the ma^Vlrame iui i he. ipoike, And with fcatf javeried 'face ' his eyes followed'the direction of^he syntstretched arm, but,"nothing met his gaze. ' This trouble has turned your brain, Nora,or,snrelyyOu.woufdn't ta.lk lik6 Ihatv Abel Sutclifie has beendeadtbese.Hro yean. Von knowXuw^iiin VlUed -ol, the cliff on theiBla^iUDge.''... . . exptescten on t h t ^ l g i w ^ h M i ^ ^ •nd it w M ^ aot plfliaaotto see& In BpitegwSiS-woias'tliere hauhm'^nniknra^i^orbes's: Forbes was found in the scrub, and it was scarcely a task which the girl could . undertake to remove the heads. For half an hour both walked on in silence until the Glen ofShadows was passed, and then Nora saw that the resolute spirit which had animated Forbes was rapidly dying away. It was now four o'clock in the afternoon, and there was yet some three hours of light—ample enough for the journey to strong and uninjured people. With each step,- however, Forbes's strength declined, until the girl had almost to carry him. As night fell the situation became almost desperate, and more than once Nora suggested that she should push on ahead and bring back her father. This the manager refused in absolute terror, and almost begged the young woman to remain with him no matter what might happen. Bad as Nora was herself, she could realise that Forbes was suffering as much mentally as he was physically, which is saying a good deal. Two or three times she heard her companion muttering in a half delirious fashion, ' Abel Sutcliffe— Abel Sutcliffe'—and this name revived a curious.feeling of terror in her own mind, for had she not seen the face of the dead man. The two weary travellers' were five miles from Fitzgerald's cottage when the latter stood outside their wild home and saw the sun sink like an arrow in the west, flushing the peak of Mount Pluto with brazen glory. It was nearly five hours later when, as the reader already knows, Forbes and Nora staggered into the clearing at the cottage after z journey which neither ever forgot r ' And did ye rarely see the face of Abel, Nora ?' asked Mrs. Fitzgerald next morning as she and her daughter stood outside the cottage and surveyed the glorious surroundings. I did, mother.' Shure it must av bin a ghost, Nora. Abel has bin dead agoin'on two years,' spoke Mrs. Fitzgerald. 'It was his face sure enough, mother, though the trouble might have upset pie. Yet why should I think of Abel Sutcliffe ? Though I knew bim well by sight, I scarcely ever spoke to him.' 1 They say, "mavourneen, that a body unburied walks—that is, the spirit walks,' slowly answered Mrs. Fitzgerald, lifting her eyes heavenward. 'Wasn't he buried, then? How did he oome by his death, mother} Share I've never heard the rights of it,' questioned the daughter, with eagerness, I Here's your father, Nora. Shure he'll tell ye all about it, for be went to look for poor Abel, God rest his sowl,' came the answer. Allan Fitxgarald had just oome out of the hoiise while the conversation wis in progress, and he seemed not a little disturbed at what his daughter had told him on the previous evening. It was not the attack by the blacks on James Forbes which surprised bim. In fact, that was a trouble he long expected, for the manager brought the enmity of the natives on his own shoulders. Fitzgerald had'morc Jhan once warned him that sooner or later he would meet with a violent end at the hands of the outraged natives, and the previous evening's affair was but a realisation of prophesy. It was the remarkable statement of Nora regarding the apparition of Abel Sutcliffe that caused something like a feeling ofconsternation to rise in the fupefttitroui mind of the Irishman. It was cUar . to him ttoat Nora must haveiome strong foundation for what ahtsaid. His daughter was singularly suopg-minded.ih that respect, being Very dissimilar to her patents. She was not in the,habit of dreaming dreams or seeing visions, and puzzle his brainfcias he would, Allan. Fitzgerald could not evolve any reasonable solution of the problem. Indeed, to hit mipd, the only solution was that Abel Sutcliffe was alive; but .if that were the'case, why should he voluntarily isolate himself from his fellow men? There was no earthly reason for tuebjvetion unlets the man w u t V>.3|fe.*ailt to know the story of Abel Jsntdifife Ifolfi tin'shore there's little jke the giant when asked ^rtij wife. • Tis now S^eto vsinee -the poor ' "i'-He was* bbvndaryjg^ttellfatS whinAbelslip^S^ pwiisb & 4ave him, out W W 'Tbeinir, TkWeri \- j ^ W j O D meahjty that ?! askeij N<?ri ^ ' The crevice, thin, IToni, worse than that on Macgilli$addy's where ould Nick once yjiepp^l There's holes in the. bare range which haven't any ending to thim. 'Twas down one of these traps poor Abel fell, an* hit mates couldn't do anything for him. Next day: we all went out wid ropes, but we imigbt as well have tried to get'Mm Cut av the bottomless pit., fi? was 4ea<3 long afore be got to the bottom avthe place, and at for the body, we couldn't give it a Christian burial. We said a few prayers over die spot and dropped a handful of earth where we thought the crathur might be a-lyin', and shure we could, do ho more,' concluded Allan. 'Betwane you, me, and the doorpost, it was p'raps better he did come to a quick end, for 'twas a vagabond ava wife the poor man had,'interrupted Mrs. Fitzgerald with visible indignation. ' Howld yer tongue, Mary, an' don't judge people. The woman may have bin good enough,' retorted Allan. 'An' a quare way'the had av thowin' it Shure her conduct at the homatead was a disgrace. Twas little she thought av poor Abel an' his end to go afore his God widout the blessin' av the church,' answered Mrs. Fitzgerald. ' ' What are we going to do about Mr. Forbes ? He's very bad, father,' interrupted Nora, skillfully changing the conversation. ' There's only one thing to be done. I'll ride over to the station and.report what's happened and get all the aid I can. I'm goin' now for the horse, an' while I'm away ye can nurse him as well as ye can. There's little to be done, an' I'll be back by night,' answered Fitzgerald This was the only thing that could be done, and within half an hour the Irishman was riding down the slope of Mount Pluto along the track leading to the homestead of Salvator Station. He bestrode a sturdy cob, and made good progress. On reaching the eastern edge of the Glen of Shadows, Allan at.once saw that the camp of the blacks had been struck. This it what he expected, though had they been pretent the wizard would not have attempted to molest them. In his heart he felt that Forbes deserved what be got, and even if the aborigines had killed the manager he would nof have considered the crime a very heinous one. Curiosity, regarding the statement made by Nora impelled Fitzgerald to make a most minute examination of the spot at which the girl said the spectre or substance of Abel Sutcliffe had appeared. There were evident signB that the place had been frequented by human beings but a short time previously, yet, of course, that fact threw no light on the matter. That a number of blacks had been lurking in the scrub he knew, but there were no indications to show that Abel Sutcliffe, either in body or spirit, had been at the place. Two hours later he reached Salvator Station, at which he found some little commotion in consequence of the non-return of Forbes. The manager had made certain arrangements for the entertainment of his guests on the previous evening, and it was not like him-to disappoint them. . While some thought he bad gone the. whole journey with Miss Fitzgerald and did not care to return in the darkness, there were others who regarded hit absence in a more serious light.' They knew the antipathy which the tribes of natives in the district, had'to him, and it was just possible they might have waylaid him when returning to the station alone. The newt brought by the Irishman confirmed those fears, and at once arrangements were made to afford relief to Forbes and punith hit attackers. This latter action was regarded coldly by Fitzgerald, and he did not hesitate to express his feelings on the subject. 1 They bad no~weight, however, with the ttation hands, for they-already knew hitjopiniont on the native question. Captain Barrast and hit ton expreued^heir intention of accompanying Fitcgenld back .to the lonely cotMg& 'Tfae old military, man was, in fact, peculiarly pleased to meet the itrange'dm^ler of Mount Pluto, and the '•^mpt^wnce'-' of the .".wizard " vulbfesim the faptaii). : r Hit Uhtd- fifia'deijiim tbeVaiofs _.,r_. . tairayew iiljtch' Srere tttaply^iownd^^^ [OepjrlchL] 