Seventy. Times 'Seven. f frUJJliIfiHKD fit BPKClii ABSANfiEUBNTsX' By' Adeline sergeant, tLnthor of "The Story of a Penitent Soul," "Jucobi's ' Wife'," " Rogor Vaubrougli's Wife " "The Great Mill Street Mystery," " A Life- Sentence," "Dr. Kndicott's .'A..' Experiment," "A Rogue'e Daughter," "The Luck of the House," . . ? .( Caaper Brooke's Daughter," "No Ambition,", ico,, \&o.; . )\ , i COrYBIOHT.J . ' ' ,j : CHAPTER XXXIII, j il ! . ' Bis Fonisumkniv . . i ' J OTH1NG move was seen or heard of T.en'oro down stairs that night. NBaliy was reported to be a little bet ter, and Cecil went to his room, But he could not sleep : lilt rlnvpil fnt »u»r. haps two minutes at a. time, then awoko with a violent start and lay awuko for tlrn next hour. At last he guvo up the attempt, and wandered about the house like u ghost, going up several limes to listen at the nursery door. As he paused there for the fifth time, to hear if Cissy's fretful moans continued, the door was softly but sud-, denly opened, and Lenoro stood upon the I threshold. Sho had heard someone mov- ins, and enmo to seo who it was. ' How is Baby?" Cecil ventured to say, I for sho waited silently, no change coining over the set calmness of her face. ' "A little quieter,". , "Slay I see her?" : " I think that you lind better not." Cecil shrank into himself at the cold, quiet words, and turned away sighing heav ily. Sho was moved neither by his sigli nor by the pleading eyes, that once bad' .had such power over her. She went back into the room and closed the door. Cecil descended the stairs, and locked himself 'into his room until morning. That Sunday was the most miserable day ih.it ho had ever known. Baby, ho heard, was ill and feverish : Lenorc remained with her all day; Cecil had not the heart or courage to venture out of doors. Mrs. G'lia'.oner arrived early ill the morning to . help her grand-daughter, and made a slight diversion for him by coming down to lunch ' and dinner; but' she seemed much pef- , plexed by the state-of affairs, and not suro . whether sho ought to condole" with Cecil upon the unfortunate accident or to regard him as a monster of cruelty. Lenorc ha.l said nothing about him, but one could U;. easily see that husband and wife were not I, on good terms. Mrs.' Brendon and Ger- trude appeared in the afternoon, very auxi- Li ous on Baby's account, hot utterly u'neon- |;' scions, of course, of any other source of I, discomfort or anxiety. | "1 can't understand Max's story at ali," ; Mrs. Brendon began, seating herself 011 the I" sofa after the first greetings. "He never | " gives one a clear account of things. Cissy fir fell down, did sho not?" 1" Yes, sho fell," said Cecil, " but through my fault. I pushed her away from me, and she fell with her head against the I corner of the oak chest in the hall." " My dear Cecil, don't cgll.lt your fault," I said his mother. " How can anyono blame you for a mere accident like that? Suroly Lenorc has not put it into your head?" "I don't know what sho thinks about il," said Cecil, evading a direct answer. " I should like to see her. What does Dr. Ward say?" " Ho seems to think the out 011 her head is going on very well, but ho cannot judge whether her hip was much hurt. Mrs. Chaloner is here; shall I send for her to come down?" " I would rather seo Lenoro. Can't you go and ask her to come?" "She has scarc'ely left the nursery, since Baby was ill ; I do not like to trojiblo her unnecessarily," and .Cecil rang the bell. His mother majestically addressed tho maid who appeared. " Tell your mistress I should like to seo lier for a few minutes." Tho girl departed ; Mrs. Brendon waited silently. Cecil moved restlessly from . placo to place. " How anxious you must hnvo been !" said Gertrude, noticing bis pale looks. " I hope poor little Cissy will be better now. It was very unfortunate for you." Cecil's answer was an inarticulate sound between a grunt and a groan. His eyes wore fixed on the door; his heart palpi tated with tho expectation of seeing his wife again. The door opened, but only to admit Mrs. Chaloner. " Baby is asleep on Lenore's lap," sho M 1 said, " and we don't like to disturb her ; HmJ so will you kindly excuso her from coming down, dear Ivlrs. Brendon?" ip "Can wo uot go upstairs?" said Mrs. ' Brendon, with a dissatisfied air. " I should J like to seo how sho is treated. I might he able to suggest something." "She is to be kept very quiet," said H-1 Cecil. "Don't 'you' go up?" asked Gertrude, ill a bewildered tone. ' No. I could do no good, and they > don't want me." Hi Mrs. Brandon became convinced that somebody — probably Lenorc — was injuring B | ' and oppressing Cecil ; but, though she H'j stayed for an hour, she could not got at the bottom of tho matter. B 1 'for two or tbreo days the child seemed much better; but she lay wonderfully still H' i wherever she wus laid down, and disliked being handled. Dr. Ward examined her carefully on tho Wednesday, and came to tlie conclusion that injury had been done to the hip- joint, and that she would have to be kept from walking for some time to conio. Ho was obliged to force tho little thing to put. her foot to. the ground, thus., indicting great pain ; and Baby " showed that her lungs at least were hot injured, by a terrible tit. of screaming and shrieking which brought' Cecil in spite of himself to the nursery door. The examination was just over, and the child was, being tenderly held and comfort ed by lier mother, when Cecil was ad mitted by tho nurse, who had found him tho picture of misery, outside the door.. Dr. Ward bad given his last directions, and turned at once to speak to the father, to whom he expounded his view of the in jury ir, a few kindly words. Cecil hardly heard; 'ho was looking at his wife and child. When Lenoro saw him, she had started and turned half round, "as if to hido Baby from him ; a nervous, involun tary movement, but 0110 whieli deeply wounded -her husband. He came nearer, saying : \ " Baby !. CisSy ! Don't you know papa?" It was not likely that the child remem bered that her father lind been tho eauao of her sufferings ; probably 'the sight of I any fresli face would have excited her. She broko out again into piercing screams of fear or pain, hid her fuce on her mother's breast, and ciung to her with both hands. " Go away," said Lenorc, scarcely glanc ing at her husband. "Don't you seo that shii knowi you too.wqli?" Tho nurse had gone downstairs ; Dr. Wr-tl only remained in the room. Ho looked sharply from Lenorc to Cecil, from Cecil to Lenore, but both seemed to have forgotten his presence. I "Lenoro, I did riot mean it. T. would not have hurt her for the world;" he said, entrSatingly. . . She merely repeated her words, "Go away! go away! Leave us alone," and seemed to become entirely absorbed in the child. . Cecil hesitated and retired slowly with a look of pain upon his foco that the old doctor did not like to see. "Mrs. Brendon," ' he said, gently, ap proaching her, "surely you do not attri bute this accident to any intentional act upon your husband's part? I assure you a simple fall would produco nil the injury I havo noticed. Of course, one must deeply deplore tho fact that Mr, Brendon, by a hasty movement, cuusod, us one may say,- the injury, but nobody is more grieved at . it than himself. I hupo. you do 110b blame I him." ' "I know. He did not mean it,' said ' Lenore, In a quiet, matter-of-fact . way. | She was calm now. . 1 " My dear," suid Dr. Ward, who often adopted quite a paternal manner towards her, " forgivo my interference, but arc you treating him with the sympathy that he so evidently craves?" She was silent ; he thought sho was con sidering the question as sho rocked Baby backwards and forwards and stilled lier half- quieted cries. Presently, she said, in tlie same quiet manner, to his utter aston ishment and partial dismay : "Would not sea air bo better for Baby than any other, Dr. Ward? ' I think com plete chtuige — perhaps to some place ill tho south— would sdo us both good." Dr. Ward was taken aback. He stam mered something, - ho knew not what, and then Leaore continued in her steady, gentle way: " Scarsfield is too cold in the winter, and the air is not pure. I should bo glad if, when sho is a littlo stronger, you would recommend .us some pleasant place whero we could lines a few weeks agreeably." ' "I will think of it. Yes, the little girl might be better for a change," said the doctor, and then ho went downstairs and encountered Cecil in the liall. " You know, I suppose, that your wife wants to go to tho seaside," ho said, abruptly, observant of the young man's start and sudden change of colour. "Torquay would not be a bad place for the child ; and Mrs. Brendon looks very fur from strong. "She must decide for herself," replied Cecil, and forthwith said good-morning. Dr. 'Ward went (lown into Scarsfield, and there heard some of the reports . current about Ruby Roslvn ' after which, ho did not wonder so much at what he had seen and heard at Chalgrovo. , Tho end of the week approached, bring ing no cltango in the relations' between husband and wife. Lenore slept and ate up stairs still, although her constant presence was 110 longer necessary to little Cissy; Cecil went in and out as usual, not tiring to seek'her society, even passing her silent ly if they met upon the stairs, and con ducting any unavoidable intercourse with, her by inenns of Mrs. Chaloner, or the" servants. On Friday night, as Max eat in his office, knitting his brows over letters which were more unsatisfactory than usual, tho door was opened by Cecil. He came in with traces of curious excitement in his manner. . "You said you would help me if I wanted help," ho burst out. " Can I trust you?" "Trust me; what to do?" "I ktivw where Ruby' is — I did not know ' until this morning, but I can't lot her father hear — at least, not yot ; you must . promise mo that you won't toll him." " I uover promise beforo I know what tho promise entails." "Look here," said Cecil, still more ve hemently ; " I'll tell you how it came about, if you won't bo so .cursedly scrupulous. The girl was being forced to marry that Carew against her will by that brute of a father ; she threw hersolf on my protection, nnil begged me to help her tn leavo Scurs- field. I was naturally unwilling to agreu to this ; however, T yielded, lent her soino money, and knew she was going — where, sho did not. tell me. I promised that if I did get to know her whereabouts, I would not betray it to bev father. Sho hoped to obtain a situation', I believe. Now, give mo your word to keep silence if I tell you where she is now." " I daresay wo can seo that she' is not forced into marrying Carew, or ill-treated by her father, without making rash promi ses, " said Max, somewhat satirically. " I should have taken better care of myself in your p'.aco than you have done." .'How?" . "I should have told my wifo the whole story, to begin with. Then I should havo taken high ground with Itoslyn ; suid I did know where his daughter was, but didn't intend to tell him, and so on. By acting as though vou tverc ashamed of yourself, you lead other people to believe you have some cause for shame." "So I have," said Cecil, in a half-whis- per. "Ah! well I wouldn't havo had cause, had I been in your place." "That's nothing to do with the present question. 1'inust trust to your generosity to keep tho secret. I have no one to toll hut vou, and I suppose I must not uct in tho matter myself. Read that," and Cecil throw upon the desk a lettor which ho had hitherto hold in his hand. Max took it up, looked at tho writing, which was bad, at tho post-mark — London, at tho envelope, which was of the poorest and humblest description, before he opened the letter. It was written from a street in the neighbourhood of Manchester Square, and ran as follows : — . "Sir,— Mrs. Jones begs the gentiemun will excuse- the' liberty, but having found his address in tho pore young lady's poc ket, and his name being continually 011 her lips in raving fever, Mrs. Jones thinks it right to acquaint the gentleman as may he one of Miss Ross's friends, mid if so, they ought to know that Miss Ross is very bad, ana the doctor says it is brane fever. — Yours respectfully, "M. Jones.", " It seems genuine," said Max, refolding tho letter. ''Genuine'." repeated Cecil, roproach- ful'.v ; ' can there be any doubt? Oh, Ruby, Ruby, I little thought it would come to til1;." and he put his hand to his head as though half distracted. "Don't make a bigger ass of yourself than you are," said Max, cynically. "You are not. in love with tho girl, I hope, although you have the gift of getting into critical situations with her. It's a worse mess than usual this timo." Then he sat with tlio letter before him and reflected. " Somebody will have to go after her, of course." '.' Not her father!" ; " I don't know. It's awkward to havo to tell him; it will bo found awkwarder still if anything happens to her, and we aro found to liavo known of the illness. Then iitfum; I suppose 'Miss Ross' means Ruby Koslyn?" "Of course." " " There is just a doubt — not a reasonable one, perhaps. Then the illness may bo less seriousthim tlie renowned Mrs. Jones in timates, and I quite understand yonr fool ing about not betraying the girl's con fidence unnecessarily. It would bo a great saving of trouble, however, if we just placed the letter in Roslyn's hands, and left hiin to deal with her. Sho corild not blome you." "I won't consent to that.' No, unless she is dying I will not. place her in that fellow's power." Max shrugged his shoulders. "How are wo to know .whether' she is dying or not1' Somebody muEt see her. You can't; it would never do for you to leave Scarsfield now." " No, no. -Mother — or Gei'trudo." " Quito impracticable. I suppose I shall hove to go myself," said Max, in an injured tone, "and interview Mrs. Jones. You, telegraph to her at once that ' friends will arrive to-morrow morning ; ' not a word 'more or less, remember. There's n train soon after eight, reaching Huston Station about twelve. I can bo bnck by midnight, or--\cnn stop till Monday morning. Won't that ' uS-besK?" ' " Best ! I can never tluink you enough." "Ono thing! I won't bo hampered with promises. 1 must act as I seo fit. If she is not very ill, good' nursing and doctoring only need be seen to,- until sho is better ; if the matter is serious you must tell Rcs- lyn at onco." TO BE CONTINUED. 