DEAD MAN'S ROCK. (By 2.) . BOOK 1. A body had been discovered—the body of a small infant—washed up on the Polkimbra beach. This would give an opportunity for an inquest; and, in fact, the coroner was to arrive from Penzance with an interpreter for the evidence of the strange sailor. who, it seemed was a Greek. Little enough had been got from him, but he seemed to imply that the vessel had struck upon Dead Man's Rock from the south-west, breaking her back up on its sunken base, and then slipping out and subsiding in the deep water. It must have happened at high tide, for much coffee and basket-work was found upon high-water line. This fixed the time of the disaster at about 4 a.m., and my mother's eyes met mine, as we both remembered that it was about that hour when we heard the wild, despairing cry. For the rest, it was hopeless to seek information from the Greek sailor without an interpreter, nor were there atiy clothes'or identi fying marks on the child's body. The stranger had been- clothed and fed 'at the Vicarage, and would 'give -his evi dence that afternoon." ilitherlo, the namle of the vessel was unknown. At this point my mother's eyes again sought mine, 'and I feared fresh in puiries about the Ma\ry Jane ' but, luckily, Uncle Loveday. had recurred to the question.of the Tower of Babel, on which lihedelivered several profound reflections. Seeinig: mnie'still disin clined to explain, "she merely sighed, and was silent. ' But when Uncle Loveday had, broken his fast, and,"'rising,u annouied that he must drive dow.ito' be present at the inquest,.totopurainanzemnit, mother insisted upon going witlh hlim. Havihg no supicioun of her deadly .fealr, lie laughed a little at first, and".uoted Solomon on the infirmities of women to an extent thlat made me wonder what Aunt Loveday 'would have said. had lie dared broach such a subject to that strong-mnindid woman. Seeing, however, thnatiny mothei was set upon going, lie desisted at last, iand puit his cart at her service. Somewhat to her astonishment, as I could see, I asked" to be allowed to go also, and, after some entreaty, prqvailed. So we all set out bclhind Uncle Lodvednay overfed 'pony for Polkimbra. ' Th'cre was a small crowd around the door of the " Lugger Inn" when iwe drove up. It appeared that the coroner had just arrived, and the' inquest was to begin at once. Meanwhile, the folk were bussy with conjecture... . They minde way, however, for mly suicile, who, being oin such -occasions a per son of no little' importance, easily gained us entry into the led lRoom where the inquiry was about to beheld. As we stepped along the -passage, tie, landlord's parrot, looking more tlha.n ever like Aunt Elizabeth, 'almost fright ened me out of my wits by crying, "All hands' lost! All hands lost ! Lord hit' mercy on ns !" Its hoarse note still sounded in my ears, when *tlie door opened, and we' stood in presenice of the " crowner's quest." " I suppose the lied Room of the "Lug ger" was full; and, indeed, as the smallest inquest involves at least 1B men and a. coroner, to say nothing 'of witnesses, -it must have been very full. But for me, as soon as my Toot crossed the threshold, there was only one face,* only one pair of eyes, only one terrible presence, tobe ,conscious of and fear. I isaw hlim at once, .and he saw me : but, unless it were that 'his cruel eyes glinted and his lips grew for the mo ment white and lixed, lie betrayed' no consciousness of my presence there. Tile coroner. was speakuinmg as we en tered, but his voice sounded as thoiigh far away and :-faint.. Uncle Loveday gave evidefeeroand I have a dim recol lection of two'rows of gleaming but tons, but nothing more. Then ,Jonut tlnan, the coastguardsinman,- ws called. He had seen, or fancied he saw, a ship in distress near 'Oe Graze ; had notic ed no',light,' ho heeard any signal of distres ; had. given information lt Lit zard Towi,. The rocket appar-atus had hbeen got out, arid scarcliels ihad scour ed the cliffs as far as Porth Pyg, but nothing was to lbe seed. The search party were returning when they found a slhipwirecked sailor, in company wiLv i smaiill boyJ;'oi'Jasper Truenoweth, in llcady- ifohey. Cove. . . ' :" At tihe sounid of liy 0own name I started, anid for'l the secod time since, our entry felt lle Ceyes of the stranger question me. ..At the same time.I felt my mother's cnsip of my .liand tighten, and knew that slihe saw that look. Tl anir greiw closer iand the walls seemed to draw neairer as Jonathan's voice contiinued its drowsy tale. The' afternooi sun poured in at the window uiitil it made the.little .waiiscoted par1a lour like anioven, butl still for nit 'it only lit up one pair of eyes. :The voices .soundi d moro and more like those of a. drhilm ;, tlie scratching: of pens ansd shuffling of feet were, to my eurs. as distanit murimurs of the: sea, until t li, c? 9lo'nlr's ? voice called- " leoomrginl oh -oji i .,h .. : ': Instiantly I;'. wns." idOe, ~ lake; :With every fierve on the stretch. Agaiii I felt his eyes queston me:. again. fn mother's hand tightened upon. mine, as the stranger stood-up and in softest most musical tones gavehis .evidence: And tihe evidence of: Georgio .Rhoda jani, Greek sailor, as: translated. by Jacopo,o Rosanpoulos, interpreter of Penzance, waiss this :L - ': . . ' .' "L y naime is Georgio Rhmodojani. ' I snm a Greekby birth,m iind have beien a sailor nll my life.: I was seamani"on board the 'ship' which vwas,: w'recked last night on your horrible: coast.' The ship belonged'-to 'Bristol, :and 1 was lioineward' biniid, 'lut; I know. neither her name -nor :the name of her'., chp tain.." ':'m"' " 'At .thlis' tra e openinig, amazemnent fell ipon all. TLor myself, theIwild in congruity of'this'foiseig- tongue from lips .whichl I 'had heard utter such fluent and flute-like English swallowed up all other wonder. After a pause;'seeing the marvelling looks of his audience, time witness quietly explanined "You wonder'at this; but I am a Greek. and 'iiinni6t master your :hard names. I'joiimedthe'-shilp at Colombo, as the enptain mials shoit of hands. ,I was wrecked ii a' Dutch vessel belong ing to Dordreeht, oilfl Jav, and worked my passage to Ceylon, seeking' employ ment. It is not, therefore, extraordi niury that I ani'so Ignorant, Iiand my moith canlot pronounce your ,English language. 'hut shoAw me';your list of slhilps and I wiill.point her outto you."y SThere was a' rstling'of papers, Iandl a list of Fast Idlainen was hantded upl to hini :!he histily rfin his figen.ov0 the Iuuges.i,-i Sdilenly his fiiee lIghted "IAh ! this is:'?le!-- this is the shIp thlitt' was \vlrekeull'e last' niglit'!" :; l:The :coronei :took6''the l --palper imiid slowly :read? li'dt--" The ' lunes iiii Elizabeth, 6f '?-:hirtol-:' Clptainl-An tonimus 'lery?ld;'."' ' " Ah; yes,, that: ishe The babe ierih ns 'lthe eaptain's',ichild,'iborn on'-thle voynage There were 'eighteemie n m oni board, 'tniElngilis boy,'- aiid: thed ciit iaim's ,wife The child' wats born offthe A'friican ' cois t :':Wesaniled' fromi Colo~ui he on the 22nd of J:ulyl- last; wlith l a elr go of coltee' ia d sugar'. , T o'6'dmn,3s iago we were offlf' big lirbouri, 'of which T do not; llonn tile lname ; but ;early vesterdm ay iorning were' :abieast of swhlt you' call.' I think,' the 'izzard The wind was; S.W., 'nd toolk us into oulr terrible buy. All yesterday ,we ,were tacking to get out. Towards even ilug it blew a. gle. The captain had been ill ever since we passed the B]ay of liscay. .We hoisted no signal,,and knew not wht, to (1o, for the captain \was sick aind the mate drunk.. The mate beganc to cry when .we struck. I alone 9bt, on to the jib-boom and jumped. What become of the others I know 'not, but 1 jumped. on to the roolctty 1IliTieb you found me this' morn ilng. ' 'The. vessel: brokoe up i ,a very itlhoht atime. 1' henrd them. mn crying jii?terly, but, the, mate's ioice' was loud e'r thasn an;y. The captain; of' course, was below, and so, wheii last:'I Isaw tthemn, were his wife and elhild, but she znigbrt.?have rushed upon deck.: I: was allmosit sucked back twice; 'but :in'uit arge?dl to rscramble up. It was, not intil ,il?yTiglt, that I' knew I was oni the mniinland, and" cllimled' "dowCnlto?'the sands." : As this strange history proceeded, I know iiot who in that little' audience was most affected. The jury. fasci nated by the sweet voice of the speak er, as well as the lnyster., aboil the vessel and, its uni;itnessed disappear ance lealit forward in their seats with strained and breathles, hAttention. lMy Amother could not take heir eyes off the straniger's ,face. As he hesitated rveni the name of the ship, her very lips grew white in agonised .suspense, but when the'coroner read " the James:and Elizabeth,". she sank back in her seat with a low ,' Thanlk God !", that told me-what she had dreaded, and howlter ribly. I myself knew not .what to think, nor if my ears had'licard aright; Part of the tale I knew to be a. lie: but how much ? Anid what of the Mary' Jalie? I looked round about A husli had" succeeded , the closing words of' lhodojani. Even the coroner was puzzled for a moment; buit impro bable as tlie evidenee might seem, there was none to gainsay it. I alone, 'had they hilt knownlit, could give this deion the lie--,'an unnuoticed child. The coroner put a question or' two and then summed up. Agaun'.the old drowsy insensibility fell upon me. I heard the jury return the fin il ver dict, of "Accidental Death," amid, .as my mother led m'e from the room,-' the voice of Joe Roscorla (who haI been on the iimi') saiingi, " iDurn 'hid fur riner 1. i ho'dit h'hdld :by none, a 'eri."' A 'the door slammed 'bdliind us. shut ting out' at lnst those' pierdthg t:yes, a shrill screech: from the landibrs's par rot echoed through the house "All hands lost'! Lord ha' rii-rcy on us-" _ S CIIAPTEI, 'VI. TErLS 10W A rACE LOOKED IN AT THE WINDOW OF?? LANTIIG; AND IN WFTAT MANNER MY FATIIEIf CAMIE IHO?l TO US. My mother and I walked homeward together -by way of the cliffs. We were both silent. My' heart ached to tell the whole story, and' prove that my tale of the Mary Jane was no wan= ton lie; but fear restrained me. ": My mother :was busy -with her own thou ghts. She had seen. I kneI', ;the glance of 'intelligence: which the stranger gavej me; she guessed that his story was a lie and that I knew it. What-she could not guess was the hor ror that. held my.tongue fastened.as with a padiock. 'So, both busy with bitter thoughts, we .walked in- silence to Lantrig.; . The evening meal was no better.: My food choked me,. and, after.-a struggle I was forced to let- it lie almost -un touched.: But when -the-fire was stir red, the candles lit, and I drew.my foot stool as usual to her feet by the hearth; the old room looked so warm and oosy thlat my pale fears begun to vanish in its genial glow. -- I had possessed my self of,.the ' Pilgrim's Progress," ,and the volume, a dutmpy octavo, liy on my knee. .As I renid -the story of Christin?n and Apollyon -to its .end,.a new. courage fought iln -tme with my morning fears. S"Iii this-combat no man cian imagine, unless he-his seen and lheaid as Idid, wvhat- yelling: .and hideous rodring Apollyon made. - all the time of the light: he d.spake like a dragon'; and, on the other side, what sighs and groans burst from Christian's ,heart; I never saw him all tihe while give 'so much as one pleasant look, till hetper ceived that he. had wolunded Apollyon with. his two-edged: sword`; then in deed lie did smile and look upward4 but it. was the dreadfullest sight ;that ever I saw." I glanced up aty mie lother, half re solved. She was letniting forwsard a little and -gazing into the fire,.that lit u?t her pale. face anid wonderful 'eyes wit a sympathetice softness. ?I can re member iow v howv: sweet she.. looked inid i:ow" wea-iy-i4ht .teinds tfig ure out lined sin rn asit glow against the stern, dark" roome.. 'And all the time her heart was slowly breaking w?ith yearin tig for him thait came not.s I did not lknow"ib then; ,but wheni does child-: hood. lnow or uinderstniid the suffer ing of: lter life ?, I looked 'down uDpon the page once more, tuirnied Iback it leaf or two, nud read i' ",Then 'did Cliistilai begin to lie afraid, aid, to castin his mind whetheir to; go buick or staid, his groUnid.? 1But Ilt coisidered' again that lie had . nio armour for his back, and tlherefoi'e thought thalt'o tiurn his' back to: hlis might give himn greater .'advnt aage, with ease to pierce him \with his darts ; thereforb- he resolved: to veinture' and stiiid hIis gound ." ' I: " I l6?ir "on 'thel lih.bed sonietimes; atid spmetimses fronm behind." '.ite words of, my Apollyon came -'across my mind. : Slloulld I 'speak, and seek cobulnsel'?; ??\iwas that?. ; , ..' It as a tea~rthat fell upon my hand ais 'it ;lay:: acnoss': my, nmother's . lp: Sinsee', te day when fatlher left .its I had iever seen her weep. Was itf'or iny deceit.? I:loolied up again ,and sav that her e wyes.a\ese' ,brimminig 'with 'sorrow. M-fears and :.doubts were 'forgotten': I. would speak nlcandtell her all my tale.: "Mother." Somiivt? ast ?'shhmeti d at being dis covered, '.slite dried her ,eyes and tried to' smile-al poorrpitifulisanile, with the' veriest ghost of joy isiit,.' Ye" s; asper. "'s Apollyodistill alive ?" "He ? tnds' for- the powers of; evil, Jasper,, and, they are always, alive." "But. I mean, .does he, walk about the world like a man'? Is he really alive ?".: , "Why. no,. Jasper. What nonsense haes got into your henrl anow '?' " Because; mother, I met him to-day. That is, ihesniid:he was Apolly on, 'and that, lie would, come., and carry nme oli if-". tlil aplprehensdl e tri my boldness, I cast iu. asxious look around as I spo1ke. Nothing- met, my eyes bitt the -familiar furniture and the duancing ?lhndows on the wall,,until their gaze fell .upon the window, and rested, tiiert, .whilst my lheairt grew suddenly, still' with, terror, nd.i ,my t:toi lvo .le to !.my .."AS', y voice broke of siddeiily, stiotlieri glainee'd.a sme in expectation; Seeing in fixed stasi a td liroppled ajaw, sh.:too loolkedit ati?' lv'idow" iv then stia'ted' t hri; feet;ivith. i ashrik. i , For tlhere lolokiig in u Opbn''iis i lilth ii \\\iclid niile, was the whithe fite of tlesaiilor lhiodojasi. . - ,o'i ii s?cdnd oir tv~;, "iietrifi'd wili' horror ,'i'e?stood -sistaltng :at it 'it, 'lie evil sille llelitied fo it iamomenti, bliar tiug 'tli',:whilte tedethi' aiid'- ligtinig the depth of'tihose' ollsli 'yes " lihen,. Swith-s 'tflieidish laailthait vanishied' in tlte :r e 1 5 '` iHiilu tl1t]ic? old tlie, tirtlls "iliedf lie pironlised to' haulntine. !Beyodbtied t shock of mortal. terrdior; :,Is but little 'atinaed,' It esiimed buit :atiural , that hld should co?ie as lie 'lia tlreenteted. Onily:I \v:iis filled ' will t awfuli expecta tiou of his veBengeidice, ind stood nghast at the. coisequences of. my rashness. Di' instiicth I tlurnied to my mother for loteclion.. 1 uit wha1, ailed her ? She had fallen back in' her chair, and was still stuar ing with parted lips at the dark pane that a minute ago hlid framed the horrid countenance.. When at fast she spokil, her words were wild and mean ingless, with as dreadful -mockery . of laughter that sent a swift pang of ap prehension to nmy heart. " Mother, it'is gone. What is the inatter ?" :Again a few meaningless syllables and that anful lagh.' Aind so throughout t hat second awful | night did she mutter and laugh, whilst I, helpless and terror- stricken, strove "to soothe he riind recall:heer to speech iud 'asense. 'The slow hours dragged by; and 'still I ;knelt before hor wait :ing for the liglit. The slow clock sounded the hours, and. still she gave -no :sign' of understanding. The mice criept out of.their accustomed holes aid,;jumped back startled at her laugh. Theo.fire died' low and theo candles died ott; the iind moaned' outside, the amnarisk branches swished against the annc ; the hush of night, with its in ervals of mysterious sound, held the louse; but all the time? she never ceased to gaze upon the window, and wIey nwcn and thel .qt mutter Words :hat W'e\ i' o echo of hi&r; own mind r :voice. Dayliglit, with its premoni tory chill, crept upon us at last, but oh, lhow slowly I Daylight looked in and found us as that cruel sight had eft us, helpless, and alone. : But with, daylight came some cour age;'' IIad there been neighbours neari Lantrig I should lhave run to summon thenm before, but Polkimbra was tlhe nearest habitation, and4 Polkimbra was almiost two miles off, across a rond pos sessed by. horrors and perhpr.s tenant ed by that devilish face. And hobwe could I leave my mother alone ? "But now that day had come I would run to Linzard Town and see Uncle Love day. I slipped on my boots, unbolted the door, cast a last look at my mniother still sitting helpless and vacant of soul. and rushed from' the house. 'lThe sound of her laughter rang in my ears as tlhe door closed behind me. . . Weakc,;haggard, and wild of aspect, I ran and stumbled' along .the cliffs. Dead lan's hlock lay below wrapped in a curtain of mist. Thiek clouds were rolling up fromn seaward; the grey. light of returning day made sea,' sky, and land.. sebin_ colourless and want. But for inc there was no sighlt but .'olkimbra ahead.. As I gained the :little village I ran down tlhe hill to the "Lugger,' n aiud knocked uponr the door. IHeavens!: Ihow, long it was before I was answered. At last the landlady's head appeared at an upper . window. With few words to. Mrs. Busvargus. which caused' that worthy soul to dress in haste with many ejaculations, I riiced up the hill again and across thle downs ~or Liizanrd Town. My st rengtbn was giving way ; my head swam, my sides ached terribly, my legs :almost refused to obey my will, and a. thousand lights danced and sparkled before my eyes, but still I kept on, now staggering, now stumbling, but still onward, nor stoliped until I stood lbefore Uncle Loveday's door. There' t last I fell; but luckily against the door, so that in a moment or two I became conscious of Aunt Elizabeth .standing over ne and re garding me as a culprit caught red hahided in some atrocious crime. " Hoity-toity ! . that's the reatter now. ? Why, it's Jasper ! 'Well, of all the freaks, to come knocking ns up I What's the mattei with the boy ? Jas per; what ails youL ?" i ,incoherently I told my story, at first to Aunt Elizabeth alone, b'ut presently in answer to her call Uncle Loveday came:down to hear. The pair stood silent and wondering. They were not.elaborately dressed. Aunt Elizabeth, it is true, was smothered from head to foot in 'a gi gantic Inverness cape, that, might have been my uncle's were it not ob viously. too ltirge for that little man; iHer night-cap, on the other hand, was ostentatiouisly'-her own. Noe other woman would hiatve had the strength of:; mind to wear such a dead- dress. Uncle Lovedtay's costume was even more sisigular; for the first time I saw him without a single brass button, and for the first time I understood how much. ho owed . to those decora lion. ;His first'words were .,"Jasper, I hope :'yo:nare:telling me thlle .truth. Your mothlerbld me yes terday "of some cock-and-bull story concerning .the Auma. IMaria or some such vessel. .I liope this is not another such case .I havetold you often enough where little boys 'who: tell falsehoods go to." . . '... * . . .. MAfy white face . must .have been voucher for my truth on this occasion ; for Aunt Elizabcetl cut him short witlh the single word "Breakfast," and haled. mne into thie little parlourv whilst the pair. went to dress. . As I ?aited, I heard the sound : of the pony wilthout, and presently Aunt Elizabetlh returned in hor ordinary cos tume ,to worry the small serlant who laid .brtelkfast;.. Whether Uncle -Love dny ever hisd that .meal I do not knoev to this day, 'for whilst it was being pre pared I saw him get into the little car rainge and :drive offt towards Lanti-ig. I was told that I could not go intil I had .eaten'; alnd so, with a sore heart, but ino thouight .of disobedience; I turned to breakfast . ;;::.. , :c'(To be Continued.) . , 