AN AUSTRALIAN MYSTERY. I shall offer no explanation of what I relate. I have no theories by which to explain the phenomenon, if such it he. I amd ticories, lut they, one after atiother, failed to account for the facts in the case. So I shall simply relate the bare facts as they are, shall vouch for them, produce additional testimony if desired; and leave -their explanation to somone more acute or at least bet ter versed in the solvring of mystery than myself. • To begin with : I am- not-a believer in ghosts, visitations, sorcery, or any relic of barbarism of a. kindred nature, and am not a member of the " Society for Psychical Research." I rented a house in which to spend my vacation. It was simply an ordin ary little country cottage. There was nothing about it to. attract a second notice; just such a house'ns one would see in a few hours' ride along any road from Melbourne. The only thing that attracted me to it was that it was in a rather secluded spot; where I could take my little family and spend a quiet summer. It stood on a small knoll in what is called the "second bottom," about a mile from the river. The ground was dry and well drained, for only on the rarest occasions did the river floods reach It. I mention these particularsa thus minutely as possible suggesting some of the theories along which I sought an explanation. The house had been empty for some time when I took it. When I offered to pay for two months' occupancy in advance, the landlord would accept only one month, saying that I could pay the other if I concluded to remain. I laid this queer business method to his gene rosity and gave it no further thought While we were arranging our few be longings our nearest neighbour's boy stopped to say " Good-morning," and made the en quiry-" Bought the house ?" We explained to him that we were there only for a short time, and would be pleased to hare him call. " Well," he replied, "perhaps I might come some day, but I ain't much of a hand to be coming round here at night. Think you'll stay two months 7" We assured him that we would. " Well, perhaps you will," he re turned. as he trudged off towards home. Several of the other neighbours look ed mysterious and knowing when they learned that wee had rented the "Copie houe ":' for the summer. " Pretty place, it's true ; but. h, , well -" our neighbour boy's father re marked when I met him after we had been safely ensconced for ai few days. I saw nothing in this at the time, but subsequent events made all clear to me. O-ur sleeping apartuenuts were above; the rooms were airy and all things poin ted to a pleasant summer outing. One morning my wife remarked at break fast about resting badly during the night. I had to confess to the same feeling. We attributed it to our fishing exeiursion of I1?ie (lay before, and ihought nlo ilore of it. One night, :a week or so later, we had retired as usual, but try as I would, I could not go to eleep. I tried all of thei means with which I was ac q'lrilifted to bring on drowsiness. I named alphabetically ill of my friends : I counted up to a hundred slowly, butl. still sleep forsook me. I ti i naturally a heavy sleepelw, but toI-night this bless ing was of no value. I was restless and nervous. In fact 'ev'y nerve seemed on end, and was strung to the highest tension. I felt no pain; a pain would have been a relief ; it would have cen tralised the agony. When I laid my ear to Ilie pillow, the lush, lush of my pulse was torture, and when I kept lerfcctly still in any position, the very couch woull vlbralte to my heart beats. I felt if I could scream it would be a relief, but that would startle the house hold. I heard my wife turning rest lessly on her conch.. l'reseuntly my little child, a boy of three, asked from his cot " Papa, tan I dit in bed wif you ? I tIln't doe to s'eep." I told hinm "yes." and le crawled clo?e up to me, all of a tremble. I heard my wife turning restlessly again, and I asked, "Grace, what could we have eaten for supper ? I mcn't go to sleep." Shie replied that she hadu't closed her eyes either, but that our sup per had been the same as usual. All was soon quiet, and I again triell to woo slumber. I heard the clock in the room strike eleven ; an hour of agony passed and I heard it droll out twelve. its usually umellow sounds grated on my sensitive ears, and the last strokp sounded through the room like a shout in a cave. One o'clock passed, and only the child had found sleep, but ir seemed more the fitful sleep of one in a fever than the healthy slumber of a chilt. The clock had just struck . two, when I heard voices in the yard below. itRecognising my neighbour's voice, I went down and found him, and his two sons, and one of his labourers. " We just saw that your house was on fine, and cantme over to give you any help we could," one of the boys remarked. "House 'on fire I" I exclaimed ; ".you've made a mistake." "Yes, 'Iwas," he persisted; "all allaze on the roof." "You must be mistaken," I replied; " I see no slgns of It now." "No." the old gentleman interposed; "it 'ent out just as wogot. here; it always does." " What do you mean ? Do you sup pose I'm daft, to believe such stuff ! Don't you sec it's all dark up there ?" I replied, somewhat warmly; for -I thought they. were simply passing by and wanted a little fun at my expense. So went into the house and closed the door on them. "All right," the boy returned, "you'll see." I made some excuse to my wife for their call, tumbled into bed, and it was broad daylight i-hen I awoke. We said litthe about the restlessness of the night biit'I thought much. We experienced no' more daifculty in sleeping, ana i bad about forgotten the occurrence. L was called to the village one even ing a week or so later, and was detained late into the night. I was cantering homeward shortly after midnight When I was some two miles from home, with a heavy tract of timber between me and my house, suddenly the sky above and beyond the woods was Il lumined as from a great fire. My horse stopped with a suddenness that all but sent me over his head. It was with difliculty-that I urged him forward. I looked again. The fire was In the direction of my house. I whipped my horse Into a run. When I plunged into.the timber the sky be yond was red. In my dread lest it was my house I lashed my horse along regardless of bad road and low-hang ing limbs. When I emerged from the timber within a quarter of a- mile of home all was dark. I rode more leisurely, but yet nervously, the little distance that re mained. When I went up to my room I found my wife and little one suffering from the same nervous sleeplessness that we had experienced on the night mentioned before. I did not speak to .her of what I had seen, and, being tired from my ride, we were soon asleep. I said nothing to any of my neighbours for fear they might think I had Imbibed a little while at the village. The second day following i met my neighbour, and he asked- "How did yon sleep night before last T" I looked at him and said- " Look here, I want to talk to you." I told him of my feelings on the night of his call and of my wild night's ride, also of my wife and child's restlessness on the same night Then the story that he told me, if I had been superstitious, would have made me fear to approach the house in broad day. "The queer thing," he continued, "is that those in the house can't see it, but just feel as you have described. You fetch your traps over and stay with me for a week, and you'll get to see it" On some pretext to satisfy my wife we went to board at our neighbour's. We had been there about a week, and I was occupying a room facing the house on the knoll, which was about a quarter of a mile distant. . One night. I was awakened by a knock on my door. " Come, hurry up, and you'll get to see it." someone said. I opened my eyes. Mfy room was all aglow ! The light streamed in at the windows I sprang to the window and beheld tite roof of the hlouse in a sheet of flame. Hlurrying into my clothes. I ran out and found the family all up, and watch. Ing it. " Come on !" I said : "let's go !" " No use." thl old man said: but I had started, and the boys followed. I ran, never -taking my eyes off the house. It was a peculiar flame, re sembling mote the burning of phos phorus than the fire from dry timber. When half-way there I saw the roof fall in. A shower of sparks shot up into the air, and was carried away by the.light breeze. IAs I neared the house the. flames grew brighter. They were now bursting from the window of my sleeping room, that was! The fire was fierce, but strange,to re late the roar made by a fire of such size was absent ! It was doing its das tardly work in awful silence. As I stopped to get my breath, and look about, all objects shone as bright almost as day ! I looked again ! Was I sane or had my reason forsaken me ! All was dark ! I rubbed my eyes ! There stood the house a silhouette against the sky ! Its outline was per fect. "Boys, let's go back," I said. "All right, sir ! We're with you," and they showed their willingness by lead lng the way. When we reached home I told what I hail seen. All of the famil?y; the old gentleman and wife, his two sons, the farm labourer, and my wife had wit nessed thu same as I had. It could have been no hallucinatfon on my part. Against my wishes my wife had our things moved immediately from the house. We tookup our abode with our neighbour, and I spent the remainder of the summer outing in a study of that houe. I slept in it again and again., and, though I experienced the same un canny restlessness, yet when I rushed into tihe yard to catch a glimlpse of the flames I invariably sl'w nothing. My wild runs to the house, even though made on a fleet horse, always ended In darkness. I followed every theory that offered even the slightest possible chance of a solution, but all led to the sphinx. I leairned that it: wnas only during the sunmmer months that the queer freak oef nature, for such I believe it to be, Swas to be seen. At the end of my vacation I gave up the problem as much a mystery as when I had first witnessed it. On our leaving the country to recturn to duty in Melbourne I made arrange ments to be informed of any new de parturo in the freak, but the informa tion received has added nothing to what I have :lready related. 1 hare simply stated pl:lin, unvarniah. ed facts at the possible expense of havr ing my sanity qulestioned. I offer no explanation, for I have none. I ?mu ready to bow to the man who can offer a satisfactory one.--F. W., in "Short Stories." "That's a fullu Iliuing." "What Is ?" " Miss Passey was int oll maid be fore she naurrlcd, and now that her husband is deadt she has become a young widow." "Don't you think my friend is very eloquent ?" "I haven't decided yet," answered the girl. "It is very hard in these days to make up one's mind whether a man is eloquent or merely talkative." Iie--"I am simple and straight to the point, and have no liking for sen limentality. Therefore I come right out and ask you, Will you be my wife ?" She--"I am not half as simple as you are, but I sim equally straight to the point, and therefore I say-No." 