AN ABSENT MAN'S WEDDING- DAY. When John Kemble, the great tragedian, was married,he went to the theatre in the evening, and acted as usual, and it was re- marked, with as much self- possession and tranquility as before. This was a great proof of the wonderful command that John Kemble had over all the springs of passion, quelling or pouring them forth at will; but the real fact was that he had forgotten all about the marriage, for after the play was over, instead of going home to his new better-half, and the friends who were waiting to take a parting glass, and wish him ever so much happiness, he went to his bachelor's home; and the friends were astonished when ten o'clock came, and he was to be at home, that no John arrived, neither at eleven or at twelve. Off to the theatre threo of them sallied. ' Mr. Komblo left at half-past nine.' ' Where did he go to, sir ?' ' Ho was driven to tho Temple.' Perhaps he had gone to take a garcon's farewell, and was lingering yet fondly over the remains of the bachelorhood. Arrived at the door of the chambers, the bell was pulled once, twice, thrice, with no result, and they were on the point of going away when ths window opened, and the great John asked, as he might, of the ghost of pana Hamlet. ' Who is there ?' . ' Why, Kemblo, what are you doing ' there ? Wo have beon expecting you these three hours, and your wife, Mrs. Komble, is distracted.' * ' My wife ?' replied John. 'What ? Yes, I remember. I had forgotten it.' And the innocent John soon let in his friends. Quite forgetting the morning's engagement to enact the part of husband for life, ho had gone homo to bod, tallowed his noso, and was quietly tucked in for the nifi-hc. What Mrs. J. K. said whon he was brought homo deponent said not. Mra. Gadd— I Baw y'r huBband on th' street yesterday. He looked very solemn, I thought. Has he got religion ? Mrs. Gabb- No-o; it's only dyspepsia. . A henpecked husband said in extenuation of his wife's raids upon his scalp, ' You see she takoB her own . bail;- off so easily, aha. doesn't know how. it. hurts to havo mine pulled out.' ?*?«? A Bible expounder, in speaking of Adam, said: 'When Adam awoko from his first sleep ho discovored Eve. 1 may horo bo apropos to remark, that be was ' on the ev» of a great diBcovery.' But it turned out that Adam's first sleep was his last repose.' When Brigbam Young reeeivei the boxes containing the important silk dresses and cashmere shawls for his thirty wives, he said to a friend: ' Ah, if you know the cost of these goods you would not believe for a mo ment that I practised polygamy as an earlhly pleasure. No, sir! it iB with me a atom duty.' ?.++?' ' Henry,' cried Mrs. Von Toodlea, grasp ing her somnolent husband by tho arm. 'Henry, there are burglars in the house. Get up and go down.' ' Utter nonsense, my dear,' returned. Honry. ' You wouldn't, havo a man of my social position associating, with burglars, ' would you ? You astonish me.' In King Georgo II's time Lord E ? married threo wives, who wore all hia ser vantB; a beggar woman meeting him oiio day in tho street, mado him a vory low curt sey. 'Ah, God Almighty bless you,' said she, 'and Bend you a long life; if you do but live long enough I may be lady E ? .' Domestic Troubles.— 'A nice husband you aro!' said Madame in a passion. 'You oare less about mo than about thpse pet animals of yours. Look what you did whon your poodle, Azor, died.' Husband (quietly): Well, I had him stuffed. Wife (exasperated):. You wouldn't havo gone to that expense for me— not you, in A nobleman went to u pawnbroker to borrow a thousand pounds upon his wifo'g jewels, and said, ' I .want you to take tho stones out of tho settings and put false oncB in their Btead, as I do not want my wifo to know that I have pawnod them.' ' You aro too late,1' said the pawnbrokeis ' for I purchased tho real stones of my lady a year ago.' 'Tho whisper of a beautiful woman,' says balzae, n can bo heard further than the loudest cull of duty.' But the man who is creeping up stairs, with hiB boota off, at two o'clock a m., and hears the whisper of his wifo as he leans ovor tho banistars, in the darkness, doesn't think of her beauty. Hia chief thought ia how much ho would like to exchange hiB bootB for a pair of wings. 4-6. 