YACKANDANDAH RIFLE CLUB. A Bpecial general' meeting of the Yackandandah Rifle Club was he'd at the Athonmum en Monday night for the iurpo.se of considering ways and . means i or carrying on the - society. The chair was taken by- the captain (Mr. H. Dun- stan), and there were about thirteen members present. The secretary (Mr. Jennings) haying read the minutes of the previous meeting, the CHAIRMAN proceeded to explain the purpose of the. gathering. The. time had . arrived,- he said, for - putting the rifle club on a . more military basis, by the compiilsory inclusion of drill. Rifle clubs in: the past, had been instituted principally iu the interests of sport; and had not been regarded as a serious part of the defence force of the ' colony,'- Mem bers-were elected for three years, It might become necessary at-some time for the rifle clubs to take part in the defence of the colony, and it was certain they would not go into the 'field with the same confidence as would drilled men. Some correspondence would be placed before them showing what steps were being taken to bettor organise clubs in other places. He himself had been five years in the Rangers, arid knew from experience that it would take some time to get the members to a state of profi ciency. The chairman further observed that some clubs were trying to persuade the Government to re-grant the old sub- aidv Msisq firmer Thtfl vara aten-'it) the right direction, as it would kelp to stimulate interest. The secretary remarked that he had received no correspondence;of the nature referred to by the chairman. The CHAIRMAN said jm felt certain that their secretary would have received the circular being sent, round by the Csmperdown club askirig co-operation in its effort to obtain cheaper ammunition, as well as the Government subsidy for." class firing. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. O'GRADY, seconded by Mr. HATTERS- LEY, that the club place itself in com munication with the Gamperdown club, and express its desire to co-operate with that body in the objects expressed in its recent circular. ' The CHAIRMAN said it was open to anyone present to propose the formation of a Rangers Corps for this district, com prising Yackandandah, Beechworth, Wo- donga, Bright and Everton. These places would be almost enough to keep one sergeant-major going. Detachments should be 20. strong ; companies or units 125, and battalions 500. . Mr. CHARLES concurred in the re marks made by the chairman. He him self knew as much about military matters probably as the chairman, having been 5 years in the militia, 2nd battalion. He was in favor of patting the rifle club on a military basis, believing it would have the effect of greatly increasing the enthusiasm of members. In this connection bayonet exercise would bd both pretty and in structive ; for it would prove that a man had some intelligence, otherwise he could never go through the numerous points in the drill. It was finally resolved, on the motion of Mr. CHARLES, seconded by Mr. R. C. BEAT T Y, " that we take the initiative in trying to form a battalion of rangers in the North-Eastern district; and to en deavor also to form a company in this district." The CHAIRMAN said he could speak of the fascinating character of the bayonet exercise. When he was at Charlton his detachment used to challenge the other detachments round about and beat them. If a man went to defend his country he wouldn't have a ghost of a chance of success against cavalry unless 'he knew bayonet exercise. The secretary asked whether, in the event of a Rangers Corps being estab- liuho/J nf fVio fnrmaftnn nf n. k-ifhiilinnf the present Rifle Club would be . dis banded ? Mr. CHARLES thought it would not. The secretary said he feared that in the event of a Rangers Corps being formed their rifle butt would be taken over to admit of the new Lee-Enfield rifle being issued. In that ease would the Govern ment supply the club with a new range, or would they have to find it themselves ? The CHAIRMAN said if the Govern ment disapproved of the present range it would find them another. The Govern ment would arm them locally with the Martini- Henri, and they would practice with the newer rifle at another range ence a quarter. It would be. impossible to get H ranges in country places, and he re garded the regulation requiring these as a block to country clubs. The secretary said the Government issued the new rifle only on condition that the club had a l£ range, used canvas targets and had disappearing pits for markers. . The CHAIRMAN said there were not ten club3 in the colony that could comply, with these conditions. Mr. O'GRADY suggested that the sec retary be requested to write to the De fence Department and get the exact facts with regard to these matters. The secretary objected that at present the Defence Department was in a state of. chaos, and quite unable to attend to such enquiries, He went on 'to state that there were 19 effective members in the club at present, the remaining members having failed to complete their musketry practice for the year. They had £3 19s. in the bank, and outstanding debit ac counts of £1 to the marker and 3s. else where. This left them a present credit balance of £2 16s., in addition to £2 12s. 6d. worth of cartridges on hand. The position of things in other respects was; however, very discouraging. Only half-a- dozen of their members went to practice with the rifle, nor had there been more for some time past. Members having rifles frequently, let them get rusty for want of use, whilst other new members could not practice for want of them. He (the secretary) knew of one member who failed to complete his practice, and who offered to sell his rifle which did not belong to him and which he got from the Government for 12s. 6d., to some one else for £2. Another let his rifle get rusty. As their secretary he was responsible for the due care of these weapons, and where would they be if an inspector sud denly came along and wanted to see them ? There were but 19 effective members, and as the ininimum number required by the regulations was 20, the club was really disbanded. That' was the present condi tion of the club; so that when they talked about forming a Rangers Corps, it looked rather' funny. If those who talked so :much about formation of new clubs acted up to the old, it would be much better. ' - The CHAIRMAN said there had been giraat difficulty in obtaining the requisite uuiuuor. ui niiea, aim only xi naa oeen obtained from the Defence Department. In these circumstances he failed to see how they could be held responsible for inefficiency. As for those who had rifles arid did not use them, steps should be taken to have such called in. There was an idea abroad that thh' rifles issued. by the club belonged to members on payment of 128. 6d., -but hat was a mistake. They had to serire three years before they could be claimed. Mr. ME0RANT urged that those per sons who did not complete their musketry' practice should be compelled to give up their rifles. . The CHAIRMAN said it ifas only necessary ; to mention: the names of Bach persons to the; Defence Department to have them struck off the lists if - need he.: ' k 1 v PfnaHw if-. naa-noflAlffoil ah 'WiAiij.H aw woo a Gqvivouj . vu vuu -Uii>vi"ll . of Mr. CHARLES, seconded by Mr. V ALLANCE, jun.; that ' all. nieipbers iu" arrears of subscriptions to : 30 th June, 1900, and who have not oompleted mus- ketry practice for the previous year. be notified that they will be struck off the roll of membership unless the same be ciampletei -before ,30th June; 1900 ; this regulation to apply to; subsqent years alrer i" % ; ;MT. MOORB auggestodtlwt immiini tkm ba sold to membsrs at exit priesj each member to py for hia owri marks irian. At : present; the ; active members had to pay the expense of. marksman for those who were dilatory. „ A notice of motion was made and with- drawri- that subsor f tions be »M« 2s. 6d: to 5s. per: annum, and that- in the event of the ammunition being obtained by the club at -2s; 6d., it should be re tailed to: members at : 3s. ; and .it _ws finally decided, on the suggestion of the secretary; that cartridges - be retailed at cost price. -The meeting then adjourned. , . . . 