CHAPTER XII. HAS TUJfi HEAD HHSKN ? Madame Silvera sung lier sweetest notes. She swayed men’s hearts as the wind bends boughs and leave's. Sho threw upon each one present a spell that only genius can cast around her, yet never once did Esther Bruce look upon the stage—never once did her eyes wan der from the dark face in Lord Damar’s Of course it was all nonsense; - Paul Lynne lay dead, sleeping in the far Australian plains; but she loved him -o dearly, and there was something in chis stranger’s face so like him, that looking at him was- pleasure mingled with sharpest pain. All the brilliant I present faded from her—the opera house, the brilliant lights, the beauti ful women—she' was a girl again in her father’s house, and Paul Lynne over- at her Bide. She ' would have liked, just for once, to have spoken to the stran ger, to have heard his voice, if it was like that of her dead love; then she smiled sadly to herself. The grave does not give up its dead; those who fall asleep know no waking. She smiled more sadly still as shfe thought of the contrast between this man and the man she loved. This Btranger was a gentleman, whereas Paul Lynne had lost his life in hard, laborious toil; the stranger was dressed in style and fashion suitable to his rank. On one finger of his left hand shone a diamond ring of inestim able value, He was here in attendance upon one of the most brilliant women in London. Paul Lynne never wore daimonds, neither was his place among the great and wealthy. - • How foolish was "she to' dream, yet she dreamed pn, never taking her eyes from that dark face, heedless of every thing going on around her. “ 1 should like to know his name,” she thought; “it would be a real pleasure for me to know who it is that resembles Paul Lynne. I should like to see him agaifi, too. The years fall from me as I look at that face.” The curtain fell. Esther saw the beautiful lady rise, as though she were weary. She saw the gentleman whom I she had watched so 'eagerly advance , hastily and offer his armj which the lady proudly waved "from her. •' She caught the gleam of the jewels, the flash of the dark eyes, tjje sheep of the rich dress, as they passed ‘slowly out of tiro box. “Who is that?” asked Esther to an old gentleman who sat'next her, “the lady just leaving that box.” “That,” said the old man, quite proud of her appeal, “is the Lady Blanche Damar, daughter of Lord Damar, the old gentleman with, her.” ' “Thank you,” said Esther, somewhat ashamed of her abrupt appeal. “Now can you tell ine-who the, young gentle man is—the one just opening the box door for her?” ~ “I am fortunate,” said the old man with a smile, “ for I know that gentle man also.' He is Sir Alan Aynsley, of Carsdale, just come into possession of a large fortune. He was in the office of iny employers this morning.” “ Thank you,” said Esther again, and she repeated over and over to herself the name, Alan Aynsley, yet could not remember how and where she had heard it before. “I am afraid, Miss Bruce,” said her companion, as their cab drove off, “you have not enjoyed yourself. Toil look more as though you had been looking at ghosts than seeing a. splendid opera.” “ I have enjoyed myself in my own way,” replied Esther. “Lady Belmont is very kind,” con tinued Mrs. Hope. “It is not every great lady like her who would care to remember how much her nursery gover-' ness likes music. You may really think yourself very fortunate to be so kindly thought of. Here we are at Belmont House,; you will get out and I will go on v Esther, with a start, thanked her kindly; she had been in a deep reverie and had not heard Mrs. • Hope’s kindly meant conversation.^ . “ It is very good erf you. to go out with me,” she said. ' “ I am so- passionately fond of music, yet:I could not_go out alone; and I have no relation, ho friend in.all the wide world. If it were not for you I should be obliged to spend the long evenings by myself.” “I am .pleased to be of service to you,” said the old lady; “whenever you wish to go anywhere let me know.” “I will-not fail,” siud Esther. “Good night; I shall; dream: of Madame Sil Vera.” '' -v." '•Sfce went rapidly up; the broad flight of'marble steps that led to the magni ficent-mansion where Lady Belmont re sided. -Tlie hall porter, as. he opened the door, .spoke familiarly to her, and .Estjhfr Bruce - passed - mm with the wounded dignity of .an injured queen. ...' The 'large' house seemed almost-’ de serted. True, it was brilliantly flight ed; but my Lord and- Lady Belmont I -- had gone to a grand ball, and were not expected to retnrn until in the early hours of the morning. The chil dren had retired to their rest and the servants were enjoying themselves in their own quarters. Esther went wearily up the long, broad staircase, past corri dor after corridor. Usually sne walked with a light step and a light fieart, but to-night she was not herself; the face in the opera box had unnerved As die passed by the suite of rooms set aside for the use of the children she went in to look at them. The little girl, Constance, her favourite pupil, lay fast asleep. Harry, the incarnation of all mischief, and heir to the house of Belmont, had evidently gone to. sleep against his . will; the rosy arms were still raised in protest, the. golden curls tangled with the last struggle with his nurse. Esther walked quietly through the nursery. Good, kindly Nurse Heaton sat there, with the last arrival in her stout arms. “Good evening, Miss Bruce,” she said,”“I hope you have enjoyed your “Very much,” replied the girl with a smile. She reached her own room at last, where Nurse Heaton’s thought had prepared everything for her—a small fire, for the evening was chilly, and a nice little supper, comfortably placed on the stand. But Esther Bruce heed ed neither. She fastened the door and then sat down, never removing even the cloak from her shoulders—sat down to think and to dream. The strong, passionate heart vibrated yet. The sight of-a face so like that of her dead love had set her blood aflame. The dark, lustrious eyes were full of fire; a red flush'burned on her cheek. She sat some time, her face resting on her hands, then paced restlessly up and down the room. “My love! my love!” cried the girl, “why cannot I forget.you? Even from the grave you, call me to you; dead you haunt me as you did living. I think of you, long for you and forget the arms are cold, the lips silent. I forget the dark valley between us. Ah! why can I nqt die or cease to suffer ? Is it given to other women to love as I lovo, buffer as I suffer, to lose as I have lost? They smile and dance and sing; they are crowned with' flowers, I with thorns. Why should I be more con stant than they ? The man I loved was not false; he is dead. Men are false to them, yet they.laugh, while. I—oh, my God!—my life is one long sigh .and you know it!” She struck her white hands passion ately' together; she fell on her knees with a low moan. Why cannot I forget ? she . cried again. “Woipan forget the children they' bear, men ' the wives who have died on their' hearts, yet I cannot for get him. Had I died first and. he had stood over my grave and oalled me, I must have heard him. I could not have slept even while his footstep strayed in the long grass. Why cannot I forget him?. Are old stories true? Free from his body docs he see me, hear me, hover round me—torturing me, day and night, with thoughts of him?” Her words died' nway in passionate weeping. She laid her' face down on the ground, trying to stifle the little sobs that would not be checked even as she lay there. There was something grand and terrible in the tragic aban donment of her sorrow. Ordinary women would have comfort ed themselves, wiped away their tears, stirred the fire, partaken languidly of the little luncheon with resigned little sayings and apt quotations. . Esther did none of these things. She lav there until the strength to weep left her and she slept from sheer exhaustion. It was not the first ' night Esther Bruco had spent in - fighting, .with her sorrow. It was ' an old'story now, yet never grew wearisome. Her-grief was as fresh as on the morning when the letter and paper came, telling her Paul Lynne was dead. She was different to others, inasmuch ns she had known so little love and tenderness. Esther Bruce did not re member her mother. Her father was kind and indulgent, but did not under stand demonstrations; it never en tered his mind to, kiss his motherless child, to caress her fair head, as other fathers do. He was proud of her, fond of her, keeping her all to himself; but of tender human love. Bhe never knew until Paul Lynne wooed her and asked her to be his wife. All the passionate love of her great, strong heart was lavished on himnot in gentle words and timid looks, but in grand, stormy raptures, that used to frighten while they delighted him. Poor child! She worshipped him, giving every fibre of her heart to him. He was the world to her, the centre of all her thoughts and hopes. Then came the 'terrible'time of their ruin, when Paid and her father stood dismayed,' penniless' 'and without re source. The still more terrible time of her father’s death followed, arid, but for Paul, she was left alone in the world. They could not marry, for they .had nothing in' all the world. Then came the English lady’s offer, and Paul urged her to accept it, saying he himself mearit to. go to Australia and work hard there for a few years, and when he had made a home he would come and fetch' her to share it. She had worked hard, so hard, to re ceive approbation from her employers. She studied sometimes the long night through. The lady; . Mrs. Henderson, with, whom she lived. told her friends what a treasure she had in her young governess, aria Lady •Igelmonfc, hearing of her merits arid wan ting, a nursery governess, offered her. Hfe: position. She accepted it gladly, because of the large ly increased salary. ' Esther had saved money;, no one but herself knew, what economies she had practised, what pri vations she had endured, never, think ing of the present, "but. dreaming, as the little store increased, of the far off home for which- she could now take so many comforts. She lived on hopes. People, admijred her—she never, knew it. There were many men looking at her piquapt $feie and ripe, scarlet lips, dark ey^a w^d fair hair, who longed to woo 'and win her. She had no heart, no hopes, thought or wishes save those' centered in Paul Lynne. He wrote to her by every mail, and the days the letters came were Esther’s gala. days. She wore her prettiest dresses, her brightest' rib bons on them. She knew Otana from his description. He had told her also of Alan Wayne. She peopled the soli tudes around him. She believed she knew how the birds sang in the trees and what colour were the flowers that grew near the little hut where he lived. She had never thought of losing him, her love was so great that the wide ocean rolling between them, the years [ they must wait, seemed as nothing to her. -In her-blindness she would have cried out at the'idea of death striking down the strong man she. loved. Love with her was eternal, and she forgot its' object was but mortal. (To be' continued.) ;> . The two. men had talked for a time in the train. “Are you going to hear Barkins lecture to-night?” said one. “Yes,” returned the other. “Take my advice, and don’t. I-bear that he is an awful bore." “I must go,” said '.the, other; “Pm Barkins.” It is much easier to be polite and neighbourly, than to- fly .into a passion when things don’t.suit you. Take. thfs note, for instance; -adressed by ?a= lady to a woman ' who lived 'next door'; “Dear .Madam, Your children, who are numerous arid appear to be disorderly; no' doubt deserve the frequerif floggings you giVe' them; but,-as my nerves, are weak, I write' this to ask if you can deaden the sound.”; . X, 