2STOTVB XXI Stt*l. Public meeting to-morrow night. Musical Society meeting to-night. Jockey Club meeting to-morrow night. Mechanics' Institute meeting on Wednesday night. Unveiling monument en Wednesday afternoon. Concert and ball at Rye Park on 13th instant. The local rainfall for May totalled four inches and forty-two points. There have been 264 cases of pWgue to date; 94 deaths, 84 recoveries. The Boxers (Chinese rebels) attacked 30 foreigners who were escaping in boats from Paotinfu, killing four and wounding many. There are 23 warships at Taku, including 9 Russian, with 11,000 troops on board. It is believed that Russia hoped to seize a position controlling the Peiho River, but Germany and America insisted on international intervention. 19, Having purchased a first-class Tobacco Cutting Machine, smokers can rely on getting their Tobacco cut well and blended at Kenny's next Post Office. At Miltagong on Saturday a youth named Wilkins was found to be suffering from plague. Six additional cases of plague were reported on Saturday, but there were none yesterday. Two of Saturday's cases proved fatal. The first dairy factory in the Tumut district was officially opened on Saturday. During the past two months 5000 horses have been sold by auction at Albury, realising about £36,000. The Saloon at Kenny's will be open till half-past 7 p.m., except Wednes- days. " I tell ye, man," exclaimed a rabid anti-Briton, " the Boers will continue to be victorious." " Maybe," said the wit on tap. "It's true, booever, in the long run that the hale o' South Africa will likewise be Victoria's." J®~ Kenny's hair-dressing saloon is open every evening, excepting Wednesday, till half-past 7. Two ex-convicts, Mullet and Fitzharris, who were connected with the PhcDnix Park murder, and who had emigrated to the United States, were, in pursuance of the law relating to felony convictions, refusing a landing. * For Children's Hacking Cough at night Woods' Great Peppermint Cureis 6d. Lord Roberts, as commander-in- Chief, receives £10 15s per day, while a general not in chief command (such as General Buller) draws £§ a day. A Lieutenant-general obtains for his service £5 10s daily, a major-general (such as Hector Macdonald) gets £2 10s per day. All these sums are exclusive of forage allowances, etc. A colonel of staff secures £2 a day, and an ordinal colonel or lieutenant colonel has 18s to 24s 9d daily, according to the arm which he belongs to, Royal Horse Artillery being the highest paid. Tommy gets Is 2d per day. tST If Dinny wants to learn to waltz let him get a pair of Mandelson's educated shoes. "It would seem that nearly all the world is to take a Spaniard's gun as the best weapon," said a well-known army officer recently. The Mauser is owned and controlled by the Spanish Government, its inventor, one of their ordnance officers, having sold it to them. " This is a chance, or rather, one of the chances, for that Government to recover its finances, for the superiority of the arm is very generally recognised." If Fred loses his horse it will give Mandelson's boots a show, Tom. Great Ceesar's Ghost ; poor wasted frame, That once full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in else but name, His cough hae brought him such distress. The undertaker smiles to think Noxt winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh! ne'er say die, but take a drink Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. S&~ P. J. Kenny keeps Brooks & Co.'s school books. A proposal is made by the Premier of South Australia that all the colonies should celebrate the capture of Pretoria or the declaration of peace on the same day. Bffi, If you want a first-class hair cut and shave go to Kenny's; two chairs; no waiting; next Post Office. Blayney has decided to erect a tablet with a suitable inscription, and a picture of Major-General Baden-Powell in its town- hall, in commemoration of the defence of Mafeking. For Pipes, Tobacco, Cigars, Cigarettes, and all Smokers Requisites go to Kenny's, next Post Office. It is again rumoured that Sir Joseph Abbott is about to resign the Speakership of the Legislative Assembly. The revenue lest month showed a decrease of £24,264, but that was due to the land tax being collected earlier this year. * For Bronchial Coughs take Wood's Great Peppermint Cure. On the eleven months, the increase in the revenue has been £445,548, and that in the expenditure chargeable against revenue has been £324,345. The Treasurer's advance account has also boen diawn upon heavily. The Viotorian revenue for May showed a fall of £7746 compared with the corresponding month of last year. BGU YOU can get a shave or hair cut at Kenny's up to half-past 7. An elderly man named James Murphy, was found dead in a chair in in his hat, near Buokley's Crossing. He had been dead several days. A young man, Arthur Roke, was drowned near Gisborne (N.Z ), and his brother, while searohing for ths body, was also drowned. Wanted to sell this month, a few more pairs of Mandelson's boots, Jack. Stook returns show there has been |a deorease in Queensland of 617,456 oattle and 2326 sheep during the past year. * Woods' Great Peppermint Cure for Coughs and Colds never fails. is6d. Fifty men employed on the railway deviation works near Harden hare struok for 7s per day. Three men were killed near Cairns by a fall of earth while engaged in tramway formation work. For Birthday or Condolence Cards go to Kenny's, next to post office. Burrows; Friday.—The Broughtonaworth Estate, seven'miles from Burrowa, was sold by auotion here to-day. The Iftmeatead, with 1280 acres, realised £3 pgr aore, Hr. F. W. Hume, of Tarengo, was ths purohiuer.: A dumber of farms totallingr6S0 acres *ere purchased by Mr. O,^L.,Hume, of Castleatead, for £ 1200, and « town allotment brought £45 ; Mr. Herbert Hately was the purchaser. - The prices were deemed «tiif*ctory, : 