IH A BUER FIGIHTIHG LIAGEi. .Mr A. C. Hales, the " Daily News" war correspondent, gives a very realistic sketch of life in the Boer langers, asketch which gives, on the whole. a pleasant picture of the Boer themselves. Mlr Hales it will be remembered, was captured by the Boera, and his sketch is taken from what he saw while a prisoner : P, ssibly it may interest Englishmen, and women, to,, for that matter, to know what a fighting langwr is like, and as I f have seen half a dozen of them from the t enemies' side of the wall, a rough pen and ink sketch may not he amiss. In war time the Boer never, under any circumstances, mrakes his iaager in the open c.untry if there are sky kopjes about. No matter how secure he may fancy himself froit attack, no matter if there is not a foe within fifty miles of him, the Boer commander always pitches his laager in a place of safety between t wo pl?rr.llel lines of hills, so that no attack can be made upon him, either front or rear, without givineg him an immense ad rantage over the attacking force, even if the enemy is ten tintus as strong in num bare. By this means the Boers tmake their leagers almost impregnable. If they have a choice of grotmsn they pick a mar low ravine or gully, with a line of hills front and rear, covered with small boul I ders and bushes. They drive their wag. guns in, and between these waggons the -women are placed for safety, for it is a noticeable fact that very large numbers of women have followed their hsbaonds and fathers to the war, not to act as viragoes, not to play the wanton, not to r unsex themselves, not to handle the rifle, but to nurse the wounded, to comfort the dying, and to lay out the dead. r The Boer never, if he can help it, allows himself to be separated front his horse, r and these hardy little aninlals, mostly about fitteen hands high and lightly framed, are picketed close to the spot where the rider deposits his rifle and t blankets. If they allow them to graze r on the hillsides during the day, they run a rope through the halter near the horse's muzzle and tie it close above the knee joint of the near toreleg. By this means the horse can graze in comfort, but can not move away at any pace beyond a slow 1 walk, and so is easily caught and saddled if required in a hurry. The oxen and \- sheep to be used for slaughtering purposes are driven up close to the camp. a waggon or two is drawn across the ravine above and below them, and they then cannot stampede itf frightened by anything t unless they climb the rocky heights on either side of them, which they have small chance of doing, as the Kaffir herdemen sleep on the hills above them. Having pitched his laager, the com. mander sends out his scouts ; somre amble off on horseback at a pace they call a " trifle"-a gait which all the Boers educate their nags to adopt.. It is not exactly an amble, but a cousin to it, mar vellously easy to ride, while it enables the nag to get over a wonderful lot of ground without knockingup. It also allows the horse to pick his way among rocky ground, and so saves his legs where an English, Indian, or Australian horse would be apt to cripple himself in short order. As soon as the mounted scouts set off on their journey, holding the reins earelessly in the left hand, their handy little ilauser rifles in their right, swaying carelessly in the saddle after the fashion cf all bush-riders the world over, the 1 foot scouts take up their position among i the rocks and shrubs on the hills in front and rear of the langer. Each scout had his rifle in his hand, his pipe in his teeth, his bandolier full of cartridges over his shoulder, and his scanty blanket under his left arm. When the scouts are out the laager is fixed for the night; not a very exhaus tive uroceeding, as the Boers do not go in for luxuries of any kind. Here a tarpaulin is stretched over a kind of tern. porary ridge pole, blankets are tossed down on the hard earth, saddles are used fur pillows, and the couch is complete. A little way further down the line a rude canvas screen is thrown over the wheels of a waggon, and a family- or, rather, husband and wife-make themselves at home under the waggon, while the single men simply throw themselves at full length on the ground, wran their one thin smaH1 blanket round them, and smoke and jest merrily enough, while the Ksflirs light the fires and make the cofiee. There is scarcely any timber in this part of Africa, and the fuel used is the dried manure of cattle pressed into slabs about fifteen inches long, eight inches wide, and three inches thick. Tte amoke from the fires is dense, and soon fills the air with a pungent odour, which is not unpleasant in the open, but would be simply intolerable in a building. The coffee is soon made, and the siniple meal begins. It consists of "rusks" akind of bread baked until it becomes crisp and hard. and plenty of steaming hot coffee. I never saw arty pop'e sit fond of this beverage as tile Boersate. The Australian bushmen and digger loves tea, and can almost exist upon it, but these Boera clingto coffee. They live when out in laager like Spartans, they dress anyhow, and eat just rukas' an, precious little else. Talk sabout ' Tommy' and his hard times I Why, a private asldier at the front sleeps better, dresses better, and etls better than a Boer general, yet never once did I hear a Boer complain of hardships. After tea the Bters sit about and clean their rifles; the women mun e from one little group to another, chattering sheer fully. Tilere is in thie langer an utter absence of what we term soldiery dis ciple ; men moved about, went and caime ii a free and easy fashion, just as I have seen them do a thousand times in dit·ers camps. There was nosaluting of officers, no atiffness, no starch anywhere. The General lounges about with hands in pesket and pipe in mouth; no one pays him any special deference. He talks to tie men, the striplings, anrd the women, and they talk bhck to him in a manner which seem stratge to a Britisher fritiliar with the ways of military camps. After the chattering, the bridikant, or pareon. if there is ose ii the latger, raises his hands, ar.d all listen with revurent facas while the man of God utters a few twords In a soleUmn earnest Loels; then all kneel, and a orayer floats up towards the skies, arid a few momnents later the while caRtI is wrapped in sleep, nothing is heard but the neighling of horses, tholoving of cattle, the bleating o shehep, and the occasional barking of a dg. T'Ihere is no clatter of arms, no ringing of bugles no deep-toned challenge of sentries, no football of changing pickets. At regular intervals men rise silently from the ranks of thIe sleepers, pick up their rifles noiselessly and silently, like J ghosts, slip out into the deep shadows of the kopjes, ard other men,cqually silent, glide jm from posts they have been guarding, and atreteh them soelre out to snatch slauber while they may. At dawn the man rtoss their t blankets aside and spring up ready dressed to move amorg their horses; the I KIillirs attend to the morniig meal, the everlasting ru'ks and cuffe6 are served up, horses are saddled, cattle are yoked to wabgons, and in the twinkling of an eye tie camp is broken up. and the ir regular army is oil the match again, with scouts guarding every pass in front, scouts tratcking (themselves unseen) on every height. Phey travel fast, because they travel light ; they use very little water, because they find it impossible to move it from place to place. Many critics charge them with habits of personal uncleanliness. It is true that in their laSagrs cne does inot see as much soap and water used as in our camps, but this is possibiy due to twant of opportunity as much as to want of inclination. In sanitary matters they are neglectfal. I did mut see a single latrine to any of their laagers ; nor do 1 think they are in the habit of making them, and to this cause and no other I attribute the large amount of fever in tlleir ranks. They do not seem to under stand the first principles of the lawa of sanitation, and had this season been a wet, instead of a peculiarly dry one, I venture to assert that syphold fever would have wrought more havoc among them titan our rtlcs. I Faw no literature in the laagers ex cept Billes. 1 witnecsed no sports of any kind, and the only sport I hea'd them talk about was horse racing. I saw no gambling, heard no blasphemy, noti ced no quarrelling or bickering, and can only say from my slight acquaintance with life in a Boer longer in war time that it may be rough, it may be irksome it may not be as fastidiously clean as a feather bad soldier might like it, butI have been in many rougher places and never heard anyone cry aout it.-" IRe view of Reviews." 