A MAN AND A GENTLEMAN BY RiCHARD MARSH, .Author of "The Beetle," "A Mystery," "The Datcliet Diamonds," "The Crime and the Criminals," etc., etc. CHAPTER VII.— IN THE BOX. I his Is the second time. I Bccollectlon returned. He remembered where he was. lie was in a box: that was the meaning of the narrow walls, the closely overhanging roof, the dark ness, the sense of oppression. Pollie had lifted him right off hLs feet, had laid him down within the chest. Me recaied so much, and the grotesque conscious ness of helplessness which liad come Lo him on finding himself being -lifted like a Child, and that wa all. The rest was vacuum. He repeated to himself, grim ly, his own words, "This is the second time." How long, had he been where ho was? What had happened since? All seemed client. He thought of the journey along the roof, of the enti-y through the case ment. of the appearance of the room as revr ulc-d by the flickering matches. Wtui he alone in it? V.'herc was I'ollie? What had taken place? He l'elt cold, cramped, worn, hungry, ili — perhaps hungry most of all. A faint light gleam ed through the holes in the side of (he frwY Woe mo'-niiw 1 h an V If very what had transpired during the hours Which had intervened ? He tried to colled his thoughts, to ar range events in their proper sequence. He had a hazy recollection of the girl telling him that h? would have In males liiej own way out. How, then, did y. lie propose that he should do It? He came into contact with something, with seve ral thij.gs, as he slightly shifted his posi tion. There was a hammer, a mallet, a sharo-edged Instrument which In took to he a chisel, and a saw. Be she had put tools into the bnx wi'h the idea of his jming thrm to further his Cfcap.. He had some vague fancy of her having paid to him something of the kind. The idea wan chimerical. lie never had shown to advantage when he had a tool to handle. He was one of th'-se men to whom has been d nied the capacity of becoming even moderately skill1 d in any sort of handicraft. From the craftsman's point he was a hopeless subject. He told himself that, situated as h? was, to expect him to win his way to freedom by the a'd of a, ham mer and a chisel, was sheer absurdity. H" hcul scarcely room to move, barely strength enough to raise the heavy ham mer It was altogether out of his pow in to put it to an effectual use. He iiTght avn'l himself of it to attract attention by striking it against the sides of Hie box. But that would lis to run the risk of poreirg fr om lb » frylp.gpait info Hie fire. Who might not hear? What un do?: red auditor, who might he keeping an inquiring eye upon his whereabouts? And. in any case, how should he ex plain his being where he was ? As he lay sni pondered and smiled, ev: n in that very unamusing situation, there came hack to him other of the oc- cnrrences which had followed on each other's heels in such quick succession. IMr Waynes' visit; the tidings which ha hew p. -ought rf the w-alth which had been brcuwithed to h'm by so unexpected a testator. He smiled still more, and - shuddered. H there are such things as glxsts, and the dead man's spirit was ob- serving mm in ins iiioxui suiii.iuii, up- poring such visitants to lira cap- able of sent'ent emotion, what, at that moment, must the "returned traveller's" feelings be? : A man of fortune, not to speak of fam ily, shut up, a helpless prisoner, in a wooden box, like the youthful bride in that absurd old doggerel, "The Mistle toe Bough!" The thing was too ridi culous for serious consideration. Yet, what on earth wag he to do? He must do something — must' make some effort to win himself out. To be found in there," Ilka a rat in a trap, would he the crowning humiliation, and to stay in there and not ba found, might lie much worse. Picking up the c.hlael, making a half turn, he resolved te, at any rate, test the tool's calibre against the side of the chest. As he moved, something so startled him that he dropped the chisel from his hand. Was it possible that some ether living thing was shut up with him .inside the chest? In moving, lie had extended his right leg; the sola of his foot liad inadvertently pressed against something soft and yielding. Some thing which, unless ha erred, returned the pressure. The contact filled him with such a degree of horror that, for some momenta, he was bereft of the power of motion. What could it be? A delusion? If not, then what? He must have been mistaken. There could he nothing there. Yet, though he assured himself that this was the case. It w.-is odd how reluctant he was to put this assurance to the proof. Instead of an inclination to reach out with his foot again, his Inclination was all the other way — to draw it as far up as, the dimensions of his prison would allow. On the other hand, the suspense was hideous. On such a point, it was impossible thaL he could remain in doubt and exert himself to gain egress from the box. Even sup posing that thore was something, it was probably a mouse or a rat, or perhaps a rabbit. It was true that it had not felt like either of the three, but what else could it be? After an interval, the duration of which was only too perceptible, he ven tured nut with his foot again, gingerly. He could feel nothing. He put out his foot a little further. What wis that? He m.Url f.ir.l v.'lvrb .2 S it SPpmCd to him, was possessed of a peculiar quality, though wherein lay its peculiar ity he would have been unable to say. But. this time, it certainly did not re turn his pressure. IBs alarm had been foolish.. It was probably something »!se which Pollie had put in with him; what it was he had forgotten, if he had ever known. Again he look up_the chisel, and once more applicdhs'ocAgjbTTdjgsgl'"' of the box. Tt hi? was. The silly sheciir lira had rec>rd\had left his nerves/in. a rtrJr (OfAHviOopiY' irtablra tension.! ''He d-uy.JitT'mlMVgSllON'yi'. Such was hi.4 jXtuaustion lh;U lel-strtnld put forth n u gh 'even In moke a Yfeihtqif? SfT the tool's cutting edge into TfrnYvoiid. And the whole time his thoughts were at the other end of the box— lira did not wish that it should he so, but it was. Presently something else occurred to him. that there was a peculiar odour in the cb.wt. It spoke volumes as to his condition to say that he bad not noticed it before. His sense of smell was almost unnaturally kg;.. That he had been u r able, on occasion. Is escape from dis agreeable perfumes had been, for him. one of the most disagreeable characteristics of tha vagrant life which he had led. And t li > !" was a pc-c.uliar odour, of that there could lie no doubt whatever. "Now that it had become perceptib'e. It took his ; nostrils by storm. It seemed to him that in it there was somrth.ng ominous, alien, repulsive. In it, too, lh?re was something familiar, an association with an experi- l onto which had. to say the least, been intensely disagreeable. | J Was it possible that the tiling at the bet- ! torn of the box had been alive and wis dead, in a slate of partial decay? i With a sort of gruesome curiosity he put out his foot to feel again. What could the object be? It seemed to be of a rounded form — and distinrlly soft. The more he pressed, the more it yielded. j It- moved! And he moved too, with drawing his feet, so far as he was able. with a kind of spasmodic instinct. This time there was no mistake, the th'n.g had been certain, the movement definite, dis tinct, though ever, now he felt that, about it, there had been something unusual, odd. What cou'd the creature be? As, with whirl'ng brain and palsied limbs, he asked himself the question, he was con scious that his panic Far was scarcely dlgnific-d; and, witli such slight force as skill was his, he did his best to play, at I least in some degree, the man. He might have succeeded, had ho bad time. He was not -in a condition to re cover from a shock upon the instant ; and, when the shock became a continu ous, an increasing one, recovery, even of the moat partial kind, was altogether out of the question. The few remaining dregs of his manhood oozed clean out; there was nothing left to him but his shivering carcase. The creature at the othqr end of the hox was roused at lest: and, being roused, was apparently unwfil.ng any longer to remain dormant It kept on moving, though its companion in captivity could neither feel nor hc-er it; indeed, the .per fect stillness of its movements was not its least unpleasant feature. It touched his boot; it was advancing from its end of the box to his. It not . \ only touched his hoot, it climbed on it, with a curious gliding motion which held him paralysed with horror. It ad vanced along his trousered leg, and yet he felt it still upan his boot He knew what It was now; it was a snake! And. with the knowledge, he broke into shriek after shriek, and writhed and twisted, almost after the fashion of the reptile at his feet, as If he sought, by his sheer contort: ons. to get out of the box. But. after all, his powers to shriek. like the rest of bis powers, was small, and, soon, lie was still, perforce. He lay shaking as with ague, as pitiable an object, if Howard Shapcott's ghost was there to act as a witness, as that gentleman's eyes had ever lighted on. The snake, as if startled by lis com panion's cries, continued for. the mo ment still, but so soon as the man ceased, it resumed its movements. Along the mail's body it glided with seemingly complete Indifference Lo the fact that it was a man's body. The sensation was Indescribable; he never forgot it; it was always with him. afterwards. at the back of his memory, needing but some casual touch to bring it to the front. The thing seemed endless; its weight was no un considered trifle; it was, evidently, a monster of- its kind. Its bead reached his; he felt its breath unur. 1..3 face ; something brushed against his cheek, softly, to and fro, with amazing delicacy of touch; it was the creature s tongue. He knew enough to be aware, even in his state of partial brain paralysis, that the popular notion that a serpent's poison is secreted in its tongue, is born of ignorance; bul, at any moment, the tongue might be exchanged for the poison fangs, those finely pointed instru ments, which prick at times so slightly that a man need not be conscious of their contact until death is upon him. Whether or not the creature then did more than salute him with its fondling tongue he could not tell. Presently he ceased to feel its breath upon his cheeks. It continued its progress, passing down, over his different features, and arrang ing itself, slowly, methodically, in a series of apparently innumerable coils between bis face and the holes in the front of the chest. It had placed itself directly in his line of vision, so that it obscured the greater part of the small amount of light which found its way in to the box, and there it remained quiet. For some time he continued in a state of physical and mental stupor ; it was only after a considerable interval that, venturing to open his eyes, be perceived tliat the creature had darkened the light. He realised its propinquity with' feel ings so intense as to be almost equiva lent to a total absence of sensation. By degrees questions began to shape them selves, vaguely, in his brain. Since It proposed to remain where it was, what was its purpose? Was it watching him; ploying wilb him like a cat with a mouse, waiting for the moment which suited it best to strike — and to strikra home? Or had it relapsed into torpor ? He imagined that he could see its eyes, wide open, unblinking, glinting at him through the darkness. His right leg was cramped. In the first sharp twinge there was an invol untary movement of the muscles. Tha reptile seemed Lo pay no heed. As the pain increased he made a more vigorous eTfort to obtain rebef. Still it evinced no symptom of disturbance. In his agony be shock the limb, extending it to its utmost length, for the muscles were twisted into knots. Yet his com- panion remained motionless. While he was still being afflicted by bis latest enemy he heard a sound with out — the sound of heavy footsteps com ing up the stairs. They came into the room. In a moment, in his delight at being within reach of human succour, careless of what the consequences of discovery might be, he raised his arm and struck as hard as he could against the lid of the box. I A human voice replied to the signal. "Hullo, Jennie, is that you?" j "No, it's me!" i There was a pause, perhaps expres sive of the newcomer's astonishment. Then the same voice again, only drier. "Ch, it's you, Is it? And who are you? And what the devil do you mean by be ing In my cheet?" "Open the lid; let me out." I "You let yoursolf in, I suppose you c,an let yourself out." 1 "I can't. It's locked." "Locked, is it? Then Where's the key?" "I don't know." Tho new-comer had evidently ap proached the box, and, judging from his next remark, was apparently realising, with mingled feelings, tjhe absence of I the key. He tried the lil once or twice, to satisfy himself that it was actually locked. "Well, this Is a queer caper. It is locked; then who locked it? You couldn't hardly have done it from the inside, and what were you up to to let anyone else do it when you were Inside? And where's tje key?" "I tell you again that I don't know. For heaven's sake, do let me out!" "There you are, piling on the coal! Go soft! Let'3 lake things in their proper turn. First of all, vvhere's Jennie? If you've hurt her by so much as a pin prick I'll leave you inside until your bones are bleached." "Do you mean the snake?" "Of coui-se I mean the snake; and your're right in using the definite ar- article, the snake. She's the finest snake this world has seen., And where's my beautiful- " "The snake is here." "Have you laid on her a hurtful hand?" "God forbid!" "Right again— God forbid! I'd have hurt you if you had. So it seems that you're in luck. It's something to have a companion, even when you're shut up in a box— I speak from my own personal ex perience; and when it's a lovely creature, like my Jennie, why, that's something like, that is!" The gentleman was silent. He AIL that the speaker had a point of view of his own; he was beginning to wonder if be had been sent to complete tl;c process of Hrivinrr Mm m n rl "Now that the first and most important point is in order, we'll pass on to the next. | What about opening the chest? How am . I going to let you out without the key?" I "Force the lid." "Yes, that's all very well for you, hut ; how about me? Forcing the lid won't im prove the property. Whu's going to pay for the damages?" ' "I have money." "Oh, you have got money, have you? It's a nice thing to have, is money; about I as comfortable a thing, all things con- I sidcred, as you very well can have. If we had more of it, Jennie and mc, we'd be as happy as the days are long, as the saying is— ah, ai.d happier. Ilow nrucli have you got?" "I had four pounds." "Had? I had a thousand pounds, and I've had it more tham once; but, at pre sent, it's behmu — that and more. The question I put to you was not how much you had, but how much you've got just now." "I believe I have the four pounds upon me now." "Relieve? Belief's all right; I've seen a ; lot of belief in my time; and I don't say i a word against anyone believing any- i thing. But 1 like to know. Don't you know if you've gut that four pounds?" "I had it on me last night, I've every j reason to suppose it's on me now; but I'm tortured by cramp — half-paralyzed — I 1 can't feci, to make sure." j "Then am 1 to understand that any I damage 1 may do my 'chest by forcing open the lid, you are willing and ready to make good?" "Every sou! Only, for heaven's sake, make haste. If you knew the agony I've endured, ahd am enduring, you'd take pity." "Agony! Is that a slur on Jennie? Or on my chest? You've had a free night's lodgings, and the best of company; I don't know what else you want." The gentleman groaned. Was the man a madman? Or had he been se.-t to tor- ! ment him before his time? Heavy foot- steps crossed me noor. "Someone's been taking French leave with my tools. There's a cutting chisel, a' hammer, a mallet, a saw, all gone; they weren't gone last night." "Isn't there nything else you can use?" "No doubt. I might use the lid of a teapot; or a toothpick. But I'm not pro posing to use either." "Make haste, man, do!" "What's the hurry? If, as you say. you've been all night in agony, you must ; have gof used to it by now. What differ- ! ence does a few minutes more or less 1 make? I've been in agony myself, ah, , and for mere than one night! I speak from personal experience." "Are you a fiend?" "Maybe. Don't know. A man never docs know till he's been cut up for the doctors to examine; what he is inslde'a a mystery. Here's a cold chisel. Shall I use that?" "Yes." "Seems to mc that you'd say yes to anything. If I was to ask if 1 should use | the stem of n.y Lest pipe you'd r- y yes to i that. You don't seem to have no sense, I no proper reasoning. However, things j being as they are. I don't mind making a trial with the cold chisel, just to obl.ge you." i N / r The footsteps returned towards the box. "Now I understand that for any damage— ' I do to this property— and it's valuable ; properly, min you, so don't you forget 't — I understand, I say that for any dam- ' : age I do to his property, on your he- half, and for the purpose of letting you out of it, you'll see me paid." "Yes." 'That is the understanding, between gentlemen, as gentlemen?" J "It Is." J "Very well, then. That's all right, 'bo; far as it goes. When I've put a bit oLSc baccy into my pipe, and got a light to Jj it, I'll set about the job." The Gentleman waited in hideous ex- J pectation. He seemed to be an actual 1 witness of the production of the tobacco u and the pipe; of the pipe's loading' (he heard the scratching of the match; 'te L saw the flash; smelt the perfume je-F strong tobacco. / j Then there came the voice again. \ | "That's it; that's something like, tl t: is the right article. Now I've got me - taste of tobacco in my mouth I'm garto for anything. Look out in there. I hope soon to have the pleasure of mak ing your acquaintance, sir; the job is be?® lng started." : In less than half a minute the chest '' was open. CHAPTER VIII.— THE TWO MEN AND JENNIE. -j The Gentleman, peering up, saw- a? hairy face looking down at him; a fat deed wore so prominent a .feature „ without the least assistance from Art h£r)1 might have taken a first prize in any ex- 1 hibition of hairy men. Beard, whiskers, ' moustaches, eyebrows, the matted shock which covered hie cranium, were all of extravagant dimensions. A pair of shin ing brown eyes glanced out from 'the— centre of a thatch. It was only when his lips ware ope that you perceived he had a mouth. '' -. "Glad to have the pleasure of making your acquaintance; though the meetings a trifle unexpected. A man doesn'flist to find a friend in his chest, not everlW day. Weil, now the lid Is ppjen. ArAW you going to keep where ydu kteix lj| The Gentleman tried to -3 and failed. He closed hisHj spasm of pain. -- s "I'm afraid I can't— get up.'A££?£F" ' "Can't, can't you? Does that meanll you're expecting me to lift you« not in the bargain. Extra vfetk, .exhHB piy." ..Jfe m The stranger, passing his flBr untlqltf! Ihe other's prostrate figure, jJKtfh out as easily as if he had beetru OiiuiLH He placed him on a wooden jcKair- — which he immediately assumed the nSt| lltude of a limp lay figure. His heH'i fell forward on to his chest, his leBg curled fatuously in front of him, hiSM arms dangled loosely at bis sides. The® stranger commented on this singularity Jj in his appcrranco. " "A nice chap you look— well set-upJJ poker down your back, nose in the air3 never was. a chap what carried himselfe! stiffer, and as happy 'he day is long;53 Here's your hat." > Fa He took out of the box his visitor'dH curiously-shaped top-hat. It had nolM been improved by the obvious fact that® the snake's course had lain right over? it. Without, however, paying any at- , tc-ntion to such trifling details as that It was bulged in at the sides and top, and that he nap had been copiously re versed, he planted it on its owner's head a good deal to the back and a little to one side. "There you are, there's a tableau for you! When I was a young 'un, if it had been near the fifth of November, of Immortal memory, and I'd been on the look- out for a guy, I'd never have let slip a chance like you. On the top of a tar barrel you'd have made a plcturbl" The speaker returned to the chest. "Hullo! here are those four sovereigns you spoke about. One— two — three — four golden shiners left lying, careless like, at the bottom of my box. That's not business. I should have thought you'd have known better. Now I'll put 'em on the shelf here, in full sight of both of us, so that when I come to make up my little bill, and you come to settle it, we shall both of us know there's been no' cheating." Suiting the action to the word, he once more went back to the chest. StoopmgT over it, he addressc-d himself to its re-i maining inmate. "There you are, may beauty, looking, like- you always do, a dream of lovell- ness! Do you feel yourself slighted be- '1 cause I've left you to the last? Never'! mind, my Jennie, it isn't every day you 3 get a lantern-jawed living skeleton inj there along with you, and you've got J sense enough to know that hi a proces-Sj Elon, on or off the stage, the stars coiaajl euper/ that's all he Is, st> BvJ-?iC0'Iie to glye him my at- jfllstjiiijut- iiow'tlie stars are on. peilong, mysweetheart" ®® «nake, -perhaps trained to obey ngroice, or his touch, reared Its head janci, gliding Tound the neck; began to wind itself in about his body. The man rose, creature girt about him, and, Juff» -Which etood upon a shelf, Bjleda bowl to the brim with milk. HHJKpake. consumed its contents while gJJwner, continued talking, sitting on HHMBlool, hDldlng the howl in front of him. 111 a Shake-ch armer, among a few H|E»U&£r things. jA.t least, I train and edu.- paftte -snakes tor snake- charmers, which Ba?ne thing with a difference. Me We do the work between us, »fjfi» t we> Jennie? That's right, my girl, That's genuine milk, that is, # n9-t Phmped on chalk dust. I bring it in II W"h. T Very moi-n'nE— a pint from a Is She likes it as a plck-me- /up.'shfed miss it as much as I'd miss m pipe. A Tfelk about snakes having no H / "d8® havlcB- It all, we can &E; tell yob llffterent from that, can't we, $1/ Jennie? .. I've seen something about U;| snakes, -and I've seen something i i' about dogs; and I tell you that for Itii e: a dPe'B not In !t with a snake. As IllV'v " Jenni€' Bhe'® one n a million— she's gLUf1'1- mone sense than all the dogs that's Utw in®" PPWSf,and xrtine, liave per- gJL.xp - !-ed before all the crowned heads of gl»j£ku rope— and -tnade 'era gape, some of 'em. ar «b %ive you toy word. There isn't a snake tn tte Worst-tempered to the nicest a niatiner— that she, and me along with her, KA? wouldn't make a perfect scholar of, and F?, in le®s iihaii no time, so to speak. She's given a complete education to a few Hai hundreds, eo I ought to know. Haven't ilia you. Old girl?" 310 He stroked the creature's head with hie l- huge liana, as caressingly as a mother ,S' might have strbked her child's. '"There's sometimes as many a£ fifteen oi twenty in that living box along with her, all sorts and sizes and tempers. But -> k'G 1:eeps enl 111 order— she's got the r sl nack of it, she has. Only once lias two IT fcf 'em started eating each other wliiie y -lie's been round, and then, when she # t ound what was going on, she pulled the ' i. ne; clean out of t'other. Straight I I „ ??eii her done it." Xjy-'ffiared-at his auditor so If defying Nothing could have been KjhdiyW frm the Gentleman than any ln- F8 «pif$cifif 4hwkind. | mind you, it's perhaps as well ' that Jennie was the only compa- l had last night. Crass snakes Lf SiFvff adders, and such, aren't nice flt-SJedfellows, even when their fangs are W xiS??1- They've &ot; a natural antipathy W jfiuinans, and when they've got a chance' | gjMy like to show it. But, as It happens, I Jgypola the last snake I had last week, to 6Sgtoolah, the Queen of the Serpents. A i ag, ;tt was— cobra, you'd call it; hardly tay5,er fiv? foot. It killed the chap who ' Fjjw; its fangs, so; of course, that makes III extra valuable—It makes a good line on Lf-lM8M8friend 'of mine's bringing me if-— ir a fieslr lot in the Senegambla, due | . U< week,'- An assorted lot, I told him to n.ijr; but, until they come, .I'm out of j UjjE: whiclnperhaps, was just as well for j LwMp Finished, have you, Jennie? That's j JLsfeht, toy beauty. " You make yourself and have a snooze!" yjlhe serperit, withdrawing its head — — from the now empty, bowl, seemed, as he "y yalil, to be "composing" itself to sleep. its huge colls jvlth both his v' uands, he gazed down at It with a mlx- (' lure of pride and affection, which, in one j": of "his " appearance, and as displayed to- pj wards such an object, was sufficiently \- grotesque. '"Talk about affection, she's more affec- : tlonate than any wife I ever hekrd of. done me a bad turn, nor \- m-;poken tome a hard word all the time I've knoiyxilSier.' They say women are snakes. J Well, all T can say is that I'm glad snakes ' aren't women. I'd be In a pretty bad hole if they were, ' Jennie here's worth more "ban a street .full of women— yes, and hat-by "a good" deal. She don't cost much vdreep and nothing to dress. She don't I go gadding about always In search of ex- She don't 6pend your wages for Syn'ijr. nip ;fsha don't 'make a noise, not like "ftr A woman would, disturbing the them as want a wife and hang them- they've Cut her throat; which y Vti-y fter they've got her Is what ' they'd likb to do, lr they don't always do " It. No woman need ajiply at this address; give me Jennie." : He cdnOniied smoking, stroking the \- uiionstrbus TeptUe. ln silence, as if rumi- fiating.pn Its manifold virtues. Presently lie changed the heme. ' "How ars you feeling now? Less of a guy?" .. '.Thank -you, I a-m a little better. I «m beginning to feel again that my limbs are, "to a-ofcrtaln extent, my own. Such a pjght aa j bave spent In that chest of yours te-r-not restful." "Andiiyet'Thcre are worse beds. I've fcad ><ban d you mky have, before yoy've aonBv - . , , He'uitea ht his Pipe, and he eyed hla visitor . jcsgaBSsswKssr - whimsicality. i»Uffng We Pipe. bis fingers in It beside of his. I have got neat ways; I'd like to keep my place just so; this ain't my notion of a tidy place, not by no manner Of means. " He glanced round the room. "It seems to me as If some body had been trying all he knew to turn things upside down." He relapsed Into silence. The Gentle- ' man volunteered no observation, so the smoker asked another question. "Why did you get into the chest?" "To keep out of the cold." "To keep out of the cold? I 6ee. It was that way." Another Interval. "I have been told that those who were here were mostly police. You don't happen to know what they wanted?" "My good slrl Do you credit me with a fund of information?" "You are feeling better, I can see. I'm also beginning to get a notion of the kind of man you are. You're a man of edu cation— a scholar, like the snakes we train — Jennie and me." Another pause, "There was some mention of murder." Silence. "Have you heard anything about a murder?" "There's murder in the air." "Now? Do you mean the murder of me, or of you? You don't look like mur dering me; but looks are deceiving. I've known little chaps, whipper-snappers, what looked as if they hadn't got strength enough to kill a fly, do for men three times their ei2e — giants. Of all the gam bles I know there's Tew to beat the game of killing. When that game's on, you he careful before you back a man to win." There was a pause of considerable du ration. The man with" the serpent wound round him regarded the other with con tinuous, unblinking gaze, as if he found him a study of quite unusual interest. The Gentleman endured the scrutiny with a serenity which, in itself, was cu rious. So far as lipipness went, his re semblance to a lay figure h?.d become dis tinctly less, but he still presented a pitia ble appearance. His features were pinch ed and blue with cold, tremulous with weakness, drawn with hunger; it was ob vious that he still endured extreme dis comfort. The hairy man, taking his pipe from his mouLh, pointed at him with the stem, as if he sought to drive, with Us aid, his re marks well home. "The way in which I look a t it is this— correct me if I'm wrong; I'm only throw ing out, as it were, a line. I find a party in my chest, locked up in it, along with Jennie here. I'm informed that flic po lice have been here inquiring fcr a party. When I ask myseif what connection the party in my chest lias with the party the police have been inquiring for, I have to find an answer. What do you think?" "I have no thoughts." \- 'No? So I see. That's the kind you are — a man of education. And if educa tion. don't teach a man when and how to shut his jaw. and keep it shut, what it does teach him I'd like to know." (To be continued.) I 