Cl I A l’TKIl XXIX. A UAFI'LBD MAN. With those last- words, X lulip made a low obeisance, and was gone lroui tho room almost before Lady Elaine could collect her scattered, astonished senses. But his white, agonised face, ms trembling, pallid lips, his suppressed tones, and the convulsive heaving oft his chest, haunted her tho whole uigbt through. Sho oouhl uot sleep, but lay tossing restlessly upon her pillow hour after Sho reproached herself over and over again for tho harsh and scornful lan gntigo which she had used to him, and folb condemned lor having manifested so much aversion and so little Christian charity. Yot, wlmn sho reviewed all Arluy’s sad story, she could not loci that any thing, however severe, was 'too had to say to the author of her misery. lie deserved to he deeply humiliated, if it was possible for him to experience any such feeling. His treatment, of Alley had been too shameful, too heartless and reprehen sible to be ever forgiven ; yet-, there had been one redeemable thing, in his con fession of his lovo for her. And still what sort of lovo could it bo that could neglect and ignore a sick and almost dying wifu—tluit could turn a eohl shoulder and a deaf ear to her every need and appeal, leaving her to tho questionable mercy of strangers in a foreign country. She was beset aud harassed with con flicting emotions—first with pity and sorrow for his evidently awakened and smarting conscience, then with Hot in dignation anil scorn for what ho had Tho next morning sho told Lady Hamilton that she was going on a tittle trip out of Loudon; chat sho should take her maid, and be gone a couple of days, perhaps longer. Lady Hamilton questioned her as to thu object of her journey, and sho evasively replied that it was something m connection with Jane Collins. Sho took the afternoon train for Portsmouth, that famous .seaport town, which is the homo of so many captains aud men who follow tho ocean. Sho feared that it might- he but a “wild-goose chase’’ that she was bout upon, and sho was somewhat oppressed with thu weight of her mission ; but sho felt that it was one of vital importance, and she hail resolved to leave no stone unturned until she had accomplished, it, or the hope’ of its accomplishment should he utterly blasted. She was in search of the eaptaiu of that vessel—the Black Swan, Jane Col lins told her was the name of it —which had picked up that unhappy father and mother ho miiny ycurs alter bemg wrecked on their return from- India., wild who might prove—it was barely possible —to be Arley's parents. Sho took a room in one of the hotels uiion arriving at Portsmouth, and after a few hours’ rest, set diligently about her inquiries. She was more successful than sho dared to hope she should he, for sho fouud that. Captain Conway—tho former commander of the Black Swan—teas well known, since his home, had been in that city , for many years. Ho was old- aud infirm now, she was told, aud had given up' a seafaring i'io and settled down in liis cosy liomu lo spend the remainder of his days with his good wife and children. Lady Elaine's object in coining to him was to learn, if possible, tho name of the couple whom ho had rescued, and also the name of tho vessel on which they had sailed from India ; and having obtained his address sho drovo directly to his house. She was told npou her arrival that tho old sailor was quito sick, hut upon sculling word to him what, the nature of her errand was, ho said he would gladly see her and relate to her all that ho know regarding tho sad circum stances to wliioli slio referred. Sho becdino quite nervous aud ex cited while the servant was conducting her to his chamber—sho had hoped so much from tliis interview, and now sho began ho tear lest it should amount to nothing. Wo may not- go with her into that sick chamber, for wo cannot know, just yet-, tho nature of the conference which followed; hut when tho fair Lady of Mordaunt came forth again, her lovely face was flushed and her eyes- swollen with Weeping, and yet there was a siiulo of ineffable tenderness and happiness wreathing her sweet lips. As she took her scat in the earriago to bo driven away, another hurst of tears overpowered her, but it soon passed, and sho looked like some lonely flower, refreshed after a shower. “Arley, Arlcy my darling, if every thing proves to ho as I have reason to hope, and if I can only find you,” sho murmured in' such a tender, yearning voice, “you need be nameless no longer.; and, oh! how glad I am that I can bo tho one to bring these blessed tidings to you.” After leaving Lady Elaine, Philip Paxton rushed madl.t Trout the liot-ol, and. hastening to his lodgings, buried himself itt his own rooms. Throwing himself prone upon his bod, just as he was, ho spent'tho'night in an agony of romorso. such as a thor oughly awakened guilty conscience is alone capable' of, and as ho afterward confessed, “in hating himself with all liis might.” Morniug found him wan anil haggard, but. with a better light in his eye than had shone there for many a long month. “Is ray manhood or my honour all gone?” lio groaued, as lio arose, aud looked at himsolf in the glass, and won dored if it could ho possible tlmb ho was the sarno being that he lmd been two years before, , when, with at light lioarU and'a clear "conscience, lie had worked from morning till night, liis chief aim being to build up-a,praotico of which ho should bo.proud, and to bo able to say in future years, as lie looked hack from a high position in the world: “Sea to what I have attained by my own efforts and my integrity!” But liow "lio had been tempted, and to what depths had ho fallen! Prido and passion, evil thoughts and wrongdoing had left their full impress upon him, and the better nature whioh lmd been, stirred within him slirank from the face which , looked forth upon him. - £ “How I have warped and denied iny sclf 1” he pursued. “Can I ovor bo conic a good man again. I am ucici liapo for pardon—I am never hopo loi happiness again. Blit- oil, if I might but bridge over tho slough in which 1 have wallowed, pans to the other side and begin anew—if there is any other side for 'me.” ho added, wearily. ‘•'What a fool I "have been!” he. con tinued, fiercely, as, with clenched hands and a steni. Set ’ face, lie paced the room bath nud forth,' like some enraged wild beast; “how she must'despise me —how her very tones • rail'' with con tempt and aversion! f wonder if the torments of tho lost can bo any uorse than what I suffered last night, us 1 stood boforc that pure and benoUlul woman, feeling inysolf to bo liko some hideously deformed wretch, soiled, blackened and dcliled through and through.” . . '•Aiioy! Alley!” lie suddenly cried old-, in an intense, rcanorseluf lone; “how could t ever havo been such a knave ? I know now what I have lost. I liava known it all along, hut I havo been mud, wild, demonized. Ah; I shall never forget how sweetly year voico sounded whoti you stood beside mo in tho court-room iu ^Madrid; and urged mo not tu ‘waste my life thus to 'bo tho true-hearted man you bc liuvcd nio to bo when you first lnicw me,’ and bogged me so earnestly to coiiio back to England with you. Oh, vhy—why was I. mi blind and hardened that I would not heed you? But it J - _ too laid now. I havo lost yon for ever)" though your gontlu entreaties will ring in my cars as long as I live. Oh, tool, idiot, tliot I liuvo been!” All day loug the wretched man bat tled with himself—with tho evil spirit, tho stubborn will and pride that had so long ruled hiuv with such arbitrary powor. All day long lio was alter nately besieged with anger at his folly and ruinorso and grief over his ruined life. Having oueo again realisod and ac knowledged his lore for Ariey, there had came into his heart such a pas sionato longing lor her, such a wild' i despairing regret over the atlectiou which ho had scorned and trampled upon, as bowed tho strong man liko a j reed laid prostrato by some fierce tem ' Might coming on again found, him ex hausted, aud liis worn-out nature suc cumbed to a deep and dreamless slum ber, which steeped his senses in gratc ful oblivion until far into tho hours of another day. Almost like a ghost of himself look ed Philip Paxton when he at last arose and dressed. Eor more than thirty six hours ho had not tasted food or drink, and ho was weak and trembling as an habitual drunkard who has bcuu dojirived of his accustomed stimulants. But thcru was a new purpose in his face, which was grave to sternness, while his lips aud eyes wero resolute. He went to a coffee-house and break fasted, then to his old chambers—Gray’s Inn—which had been so long deserted. Ilo spent the day in putting them iu order, and the next morning the Lon don “Times” contained a, notice calling attoution to the fact that "Philip Pax ton, attonicy-at-law, had roturned from abroad, and was prepared to resume his business.” That ho had been a good lawyer was proved by his former patrons at ones patronising him, nutil within a week he bad amplo work, and the idle, disso lute man of six months; previous was bonding every energy to the task which ho bad imposed upon himself. A month after tins good beginning he might have been seen writing far into tho night , while his pale face, com pressed lips and troubled brow told that ho was engaged upon no pleasant work; and when at last it was finished, ho threw down his pen and lay back ill cKuii* ihut , Wiiti \Vhal lie bad written will be told next week. (To bo continued.) 