THE OAKLEIGH GHOST. By A. AHM1TT, author of 'The GamieB- at MonKholme,'' &c.; IPublished by special arrangement with the a-jiho-. AH rights reserved.] Letter from Miss Connie Wfoarton to an in!tima.te friend: — . 'Dear Maggie--A most dreadful thing lias happened. ? Miher tve hare got a -Rhost at OaUeigTi, or Nellie thinks we Save, yriadh is just as toad, or may sbe ? 'I told you thai I was canning to Ivel lie's for her foirttoday. She is my oousm, aril ai- avufuDy nice girl, but rather spoilt, you knolw, foeeauee siie has no mot'her and imcte just adores her. However, he cant W -way to her in everything. Uliere was a voung man vrhom ehe wanted to marry; (his name was Randolph. ?Gumey; lie bad very little money, and he had never settled flown to anything, bo uncle -wouldn t tear of it. The young man went away to Ame rica or somewhere, and there was some sort of a. promise -not to correspond tor two years. I'm sure I thought that Nellie tad forgotten all about it, but it seeing she hadn't. ? . , . 'YouMl think that I am wandering from any point, from the ghost, in faot, but Tm not, for the young man is the ghost, which makes the matter eo mudi inore eerious. 'You know that 'there always has been talk of a ghost at Oakleigh, not a nice, permanent, comfortable one that you can get used to, but one of the most disagree able sort — a death-warning. ' 'There is a very old room in the house -— gloomy— with oak panels, and all the 'properties' of euch. a place; and when a person belonging to the family was just the unpleasant -habit of putting in an ap pearance in this room -and saying some thing more or less — generally less — to the point. 'We used to boast about this haunted room, ibiit we none of us believed in it in the least. 'Well, on Nelly's birthday ever so many people were staying in the house, and Kelly -went to sleep in this room, because at was rather out of the way and she .'wouldn't put anyone else in it. It's at the lend of a long passage. She's slept there before and always said she liked it. But ?this night she was rather excited. She'd had a good many presents, some of them anonymous, and she fancied one had come from Randolph, but she didn't know (which. I expect this set her thinking of ihim and dreaming of him. At any rate, she woke just as the clock struck twelve ? — a most unfortunate moment, and there ihe was, at least his voice was — wishing her many happy returns! 'I tell ner that it was just a dream, but she vowa that it wasn't. Bhe woke .out of a dead sleep; she had a horrid little .clock by her bedside that startled her by striking 12, and as soon as that was done )the voice spoke. She Bays it was Han dolph's voice, and nobody else's. ; 'The room wasn't quite dark, because 'there was a night-light burning in the bed side clock that she had received by parcel post that day — a most intricate little ma chine it was; we couldn't find out how to wind it up for a long time. I wish we hadn't found out, because then it couldn't bave awakened her by Btriking 12 just in Ithe middle of her dream. The worst of it ds that she has dreamed it two nights run ning, 'only the ghost didn't say the same ?thing the second night, but something inore intimate, some pet name that she isays no one knew except her and Ran Holph. « I say she dreamed it, but, as a mat ter of fact, she didn't; she must have fan tied it instead, a much more serious thing. X got 'her to sleep with me the second bight, and thought tne trouble was over: Jbut I awoke in the dead of the nighttofind thait she had stolen away to meet her ghost. Really J don't know that it is nuite the proper thing, is it? — to have clan idestine meetings with a ghost. And the ghost had kept the appointment, though fi'he had lighted all the candles in the room, and stood in a regular glare, begging the yoke to speak again; but it wouldn't. She said I was just too late. The clock struck (12 and then the ghost spoke. 'I try to laugh at her, -but I don't like Ihe thing one bit. She takes it so seriously, and declares that Randolph must be dead. She hasn't his address, so she can't write ito ask him— if he's alive, I mean. I think uncle ought .to be itold, but Nelly won't Jet me sneak to him. She begs me to wait Sor another night,' because three is the fatal number. ?? ' 'And if I'm not afraid, and don't turn op the candles, perhaps he'll tell me more to-night,' she says. So sillj&of; her! How lever, if she sleeps there again I sleep there too. The ghost Bhan't have the game all to iiimself any more. All the [visitors have gone away, so that there is Ho reason to use the horrid room; but the ghost has bewiflched iier; she says that its really Randolph, and he's dead. She keepe on saying that, and very uncomfortable it ds. I'll let you know to-morrow what has happened. Yours affection ately, * Connie Wharton . 'P.S.— I needn't wait until to-morrow. « IWe liave seen Randolph's death in the , ''Times.' He was on a steamer that went (down in a storm two nights ago, about midnight, just at the time when Nelly first dreamt the voice. You may imagine m/hat she thinks now. I don't know my jself what to believe. But I think that idead people ough't to stay where they are, land not to come worrying other people (wlipm they pretend tobefond of. Andbemg teo incoherent too! Why can't they speak plainly if they must speak at all? But 1 have told uncle— -Nelly was quite -willing i— and lie's bound to do something.' i !Mr. Wh'arton did something immediate ly. He took Iiis daughter up to town that yery afternoon to see a specialist in ner iVous diseases. Nelly's assurances and ex planations were thrown away upon him. lAs for the Doss of the liner that was a mere coitfcldence. . Copyright In the United States of America by C i. Pierce. ? ' - ? 'She's been, thinking of that fellow and dreaming of ;him. This happens, and she supposes she- had a warning. She *old you, did she, beforehand ? That'6 noth ing. Girls; are. elways talking to one: another of these tilings. Trollope makes 'em do it, and TrolJope fcnew. I wish Fd hadi;he ghost of an idea — dear, dear, -dear*. I'm afraid to use the 'word ghost now. It's no use you're talking, Conniej just get her ready and j'ourself too; You've got to come. The very eight and -sound of a lot of sane folks walking about will do 3ier good.' So to London they went, but the great man could not be seen until the fol lowing diay. They slept at a London hotel, but it -w*e Tery little sleep that Nelly had. She fretted this time, because she couldn't near the voice. 'He'll think I've run- away from him,' she complained. Tie specialist thought that hers ~Tvas a distinctly nervous case. Change of air and scene — travel — society— .these wore to be re commended. She only -heard *he voice ia the one room? Quite so, quite so. The influence of association or an expectant mood would be sufficient. She'd better not go back to iihat room, or if it was necessary to prove the illusion let somebody sleep witih her there. He prescribed a ? nerve tonic, and suggested a, journey abroad. Tiey -returned to. Oakleigii, and Nelly took possession again of the haunted room. Remonstrances were- useless. She was as eager now to hear the voice as she had before been afraid of it. Perhaps she her self hardly knew whether it was a reliet or a vexation to her that Connie was to share her room. Oonniedid not like the idea at all when it- came to 43ie point. ?'Nelly may have got used to ghosts,' she said to 'her uncle, 'but I haven't.' 'Upon my word, you don't mean to say that you believe there's anything in it?' cried Mr. Wiharton. 'I don't know. I hope there isn't: but the coineatitmce was odd, after all.' And the next morning Connie declared that there was something in it. 'She doesn't dream it, »he said. -oTne voice speaks. That horrid clock strikes, and then it begins.' 'What tloee Tt say?' 'Oh, all sorts of affectionate things, you know. It sounded quite natural, and didn't ffrigiten Tne ihalf eo much as I ex pected. But if e very, Tery strange to tear somebody talking away just tut you can, and not a creature there.' 'Had rou a light?' ' 'The night-lignt in the clock. I wanted Nelly to eend the stupid thing away, but she said she must know when 12 was near; and really it whb wetter than being in the dark; and Nelly wouldn't have a bigger light, for fear the ghost shouldn't come. ' 'Who wanted the ghost?' said Mr. Wharton in wrath. . . 'Well, she did. She was horridly ve% ed that 1 was there to hear when he began to be affectionate. And she asked ques tions and begged him to answer, but he said his say and Was silent. So stupid of him. If people can speak from another world like that they ought ^o explain themselves and1 be considerate.' 'Can't you tell me anything about it— that you thought you heard?' 'O,' the thing was, 'lrou darling, our separation will soon be ended,' and, of course Nelly thinks she's going to die directly. I call it horrid of him— if he is dead.' Mr. Wharton gazed . at his niece in credulously. He thought ehe couldn't be quite sane. ?'It's been too much for you, he said. 'I ought not to have got you to sleep in that room. I've heard of an epidemic of illusions, and you've caught this.' 'You'd better try yourself,' she answer ed1, flushing. 'You'd probably catch it too.' 'That's just wnat I'll do,' he declared; 'but you musn't eay a word to Nelly till the last minute, or she'll alter 6omething in the room and eay it w'as that. I'll have everything just as it is. Then I'll lock myself in to- night, and you'll take her to vour room to sleep.' 'It won't satisfy her if you hear noth ing,' said Connie, 'because the ghost isn't likely to epeak to you.' 'If the ghost's BUch a fool as you make him out to be that's exactly what he will do,' said her uncle. So Nelly, weeping and protesting against 'treachery' and 'cruelty,' and saying, 'What will he t'hink of me?' was locked1 out of the taunted room that night. The next morning the squire's face was a sight to see, for its mingled expression of rage, insulted dignity,, perplexity, and fright. 'I see,' said Connie spitefully, 'that you've caught the epidemic.' 'It's a trick, a trick.1 I'll pull every brick down to find how it's done.' 'So jrou heard tie voice?' 'The impudence of p.t ' blustered the squire. 'To pour out Jail that sentimental stuff upon me ? ' 'The ghost must have gone blind since the first night,' said Connie. 'Fancy not knowing the difference between you and Nelly!' 'And ihen to talk of my tyranny; and to ask if I remember — I should say if she remembers — getting me to drive her half way to some private meeting-place they had in the ?wood.'' 'Well, if it is a ghosts-he is a fool,' Con nie «aid, her calmness ! growing with her uncle's excitement. 'I don't believe she -ever did such ft thing, but I'll ask her,' said Mr. Wharton. 'I wouldn't, if I were, you,' said Connie, with significance. Nevertheless, lie did, and Nellv did not show one moment's remorse or shame, ex cept for the fact of her 'treachery to Randolph in letting others hear his voice. 'Now you'll believe me,' ehe said. 'There's not a. creature an the world except myself and Randolph who knows about that. Oh, why did you iturn me out of the room last night?' 'If it'e an epidemic, there's three of us git it now,' said Connie, with more em phasis than grammar. 'I wonder who'll take it next. Shall we send for Dr. Griggs, and see if he Stands firm?' But Nelly turned proudly away. '1 don't know how you can laugh at such a thing,' she said, 'when Randolph's dead.' : 'Oh, my poor lifetle girl,' said her father, forgetting iher faults; 'I wish he wasn't. You should many him to-morrow.' Another letter from Connie Wharton and its sequel — 'Dear Maggie — When I last wrote to you we were in great trouble, because we'd got a ghost, now we're in rather ' worse, be cause the ghost has left iis. First he frightened us all by talking, and now he grieves us all by silence. 'I really don't know whether I am stand ing on my head or my lieels, nor what I believe and what I don't believe. 'I told you 'how the ghost talked most unsuitably— to uncle in1 the middle of ,fc'he night, 'and after tliat uncle believed no more in Br. GriggB. He had carpenters instead, and people of that sort, to poke round and take up boards. But they diB covered nothing. Nelly would -sleep in that room, she didn't sleep at all if we kept 'hec out of it; and. the ghost went on talk ing. She wouldn't, even do without the ghostly clock, -jbscause after Randolph's death appeared in the papers a friend of his wrote to tell her that the dock haVl come from Randolph himself— that the friend had .forwarded it for liim on the right day, having received it beforehand. And I believe she, got quite to rely on the clock to wake her np at the prcmer time, sostfiat after two or three nights she would drop off to sleep and start up when it beccan to strike, and then, after a time, fall asleep again. What worried her, however, was the fact that ihe voice never answered her questions, fout just talked on to itself and then stopped. XT'Unele was nearly crazy about it, but JV-elly gat to take it quite calmly after € few nights. Then the voice «eased alto gether. 'And noTT she isn't to be -consoled. She says the voice has been driven away be cause she wasn't allowed to hear it alone. She thinks she'a hurt the ghost's feelm«s or something. 'Uncle was so mad at his having foeen the victim of a delusion that he preferred to believe in spiritualism. We're had all sorts of mediums down here trying to com municate with the other -world. Some of them failed; the rest shammed. We know they ^ shammed, because Nelly eaid it waan t the right voice, and it didn't say the right things. We all knew that she was ;ready enough to believe. But sbe W1mil ettlng to lje taken in- evidently. Then uncle got another clue, and he to tne theosophists fed been reading their books, and some of the theories fit cx xt &\\.- ]or South- who took up Esoteric Buddhism some years ajro, has been to see us, and he explains everything. It seems greatest desire having -been-to see Nelly agam-that h,s frailer and more perishable X sh-^d J'^nt-ner vicinity and utter words of affection. His higher identity SI ^'eAdjr?° X think J understand, but SnSSf. ntu v«Sne-Pafised on to loftier ™. The disappearing of his roice SrfM ^.e padual fcdm« away of bis different * ^ hoiy- ^ ' «'ite mS*^*8?*? °f att€P*»°n on the ghost's & w.ha,t. w« said to him, the »rre iSSS^f ^%v^a ^^ fc'fi indiffer Ef\£- to XeUy'M entreaties, bis idiotic bhbbuig of -secrete-all this is explicable wien you conceive the visitation to be a ™T 1 !°j «*odunfint of last memories *5r desiTes hovering round the ner son who excited them. I can't exp?ala ?Major South j^ou would know how reason able it sounds. J!'3?0/^*™8 a 'yseK? I don't know wnat 1 jbeheve. But anything is better than supposing that I am off my head and uncle is off his head, and Nelly is off -tier fcead, and -we are gcing to ' remain -=o for the rest of our lives. -? 'Tm^ f* a kind oi idea that if we go to Thibet, or some equally impossible place, and find a Makatma, or some other equally impossible person— very old very- wise, very good— then we may get into communication with RandolphV real spirit. Nelly thinks this trould be com forting, but I really don't know. -However, uncle is willing to go anv wiiere and to do everything to clear lip the mystery; and I can't desert Nelly. 1 do tnink though, tliat if Randolph had been properly fond of Nelly, he never would 'have come haunting Iier in this way. But she savs it waskind of h'im! 'Your most distracted __. . ? Connie.' Having imaEiied this epistle and dropped it in the letter-box in the hall, Connie put on Jier hat and sallied forth in search of a little fresh air. She ? thought it would clear ier mind of phantoms. And the first person she met after turning a bend in the drive was the ghost himself. She had not known Randolph very well but there was no mistaking him. He walked briskly, looked plump and in good health, and as soon as he perceived her lifted tis hat to her, smiling. ' She pinched herseif to be sure that she was awake; then she-looked up at the sky and down at the -.ground;. . No ghostly hour, no ghostly place this. 'Mr. Gkirney, is it — you?' ; 'Nobody else'— and he kughed joyously. You didin't expect ^o see me, did you?' ?'Not here,' ehe murmured. 'If it had been in Thibet!' L 'Jn Thibet? Is *W a -joke? Won't you shake hands wijth me?' 'I don't know that I— dare. ; Are you alive?' . 'Rather. Why ? ,' with sadden con sternation; 'you don't mean to say that you eaw the notice of my uncle's death, and tbought it was me?' ' . 'We saw somebody's death, but whether it was your uncle!$ or not, I rcan't say. Then you weren't drowned?' . ' 'Not 1. 1 hone Nelly never thoug- lit eofor a moment. If anything had 'happened I should have been . sure to let her ? ; but, of course, I couldn't have in that case.' . ? . 'That's juEt -what you did,' Connie cried ^vrathfully. 'And what I want to know is why, when' a man'6' uncle gefe drowned, the nephew's gbost comes and haunts people that the 'uncle never knew.' 'Aren't you talking' a little ofid'ly? Is dt a joke anyway? But I must go on to the house.' ?. ] : . , 'You'd better not! Suppose anyone saw you'. Do step out of the way into this path!'' : ? U . ? ? ?? 'Oh! -it's all Tight1. :The old gentleman won't mind a -bit. ; 'My fortune is secured now. He only objected because I was poor.' 'I wasn't thinking of the old gentle man. It's Nelly I mind about. Consider the shock to her! She's fancied you dead for ever so long, and when you know all that's 'happened «ince ? .' ; 'You don't mean to say that she's got engaged to eotmeone -else? She's been rather in a hurry, I must say.' '(She's not likely to have engaged, herself to anyone else, with you coming and talk iug to her (I'm sure I don't know how you did it if you were dead, . but it's queerer if you're alive); coming in the most ghostly manner, and calling her all sorts o'f pet names in the middle of the nigbt.' - ; Randolph stared for a minute and then began to laugh. 'Oh, that's it, ds it?' he said. 'Some- body heard and got: talking. But surely Nelly never. told what I said?' 'How could tehe do apytihing.else?' Con nie asiked in growing indignation. 'The poor girl was frightened out o'f her wits. She thought it was a sign of your death. And then when we -saw your name among the passengers drowned, $iat settled it.' 'Oh, I say, how dreadful! But Nelly knew. There- was' th» paper of ;direcftions !iow to wind up the machine.'-: 'fWbat machine!' : ? V-* -* ?? r-x ? 'The phonographic clock.' .',. , 'What? Tihat 'horrid libtle beast that ?always -woke (her at '12 o'clock before the voice ibegan to speak?' 'Of -course it would. I bought 12 p.in. was a safe time for it 'to ibegin — when she waB all alone. Then ehe would know who it came from. And she could regulate the other utterances afterwards, according to directions.' 'I— I Ibegin to understand; though we found some paper of directions, and I didn't know there was such a' machine,' and Connie, forgetting -ner' cousin's trouble, burst suddenly into a peal of laughter. 'If you could have guessed,' she said, 'when. you said all those things into that machine who would listen to them!' '13ut Nelly never would be so treadher ous— ' Randolph began, getting quite red in t!he face. 'The poor dear tilling couldn'thelp it. We all thought that she was out of her mind, and turned her by force from t-he room, that we might listen .to tne ghost our selves; Oh, the lovely things you said to uncle! And the way you abused him io his face! And -3ie secrets you blabbed about yourself and Nellie! I wonder you dare to come back again.' 'I thought it was all right. That phona graph was an invention of a friend of mine. Nobody's ever done Dhe thing into such a handy form before. I put all my little capital into pa tentingit, for the fellow badn't a penny of his own* , I'm his part ner, and our fortune's made. We've (had orders for nearly half a million in 'the States since I sent that thing off. It's just turned me from a poor man to'a rich one. I waited until I was sure that fc'he boom had .begun.* Then I came straight over.' 'But you sent tfaat thing first.' 'Well, we'd promised not to write, and that wa'sn't writing. 'I never thought it would turn out like this. But I don't care. Fve got to face it up. And if poor Nelly fancies me dead I'll hurry on and reassure ner.' 'I wouldn't if I -were you. You've done enough mischief already. You'd better let me 'break it to her irrst.' 'Surely she'll he glad to see me.' .'It'll be an awful shock, -when she thinks you're. dead. You don't know what, she's gone through. We've had her up to London to see a specialist. And we've had mediums and theoeophists, and all sorts of strange folks here to explain the — machine: - If- you'd ?been' a week later we might have all been off to Central Asia to interview your disembodied spirit.' 'It'll save a journey then to meet me here.' .'? ' '1 wonder you dare,' answered- Connie, giving the reins to her feelings in the sud den relief.' 'When a girl's idealised you as girls do ideaJise'dead people, when she thought of you as a spirit in a superior world, someone to dream of and look up to, how can you burst upon her all at once, and let her eee you as you are?' 'You do put it in an awful -way. But if she's fond of me really ? ' 'She's too fond of you; that's the dan ger. How tan she 'bear to find out— good- ness! He're she comes! Do step behind that tree and let me give her a moment's ?warning.' ' Connie, was now in a genuine plight, and pulled ^violently at his sleeve to get him out of the way. \\. _ Perhaps it wae this very undignified ac tion which changed Nelly's expression from one of awed wonder to perplexity and wide-eyed, enquiry.- ? 'Cfo, ^Randolph,' she said,' is it ^pu?' um awfiily eorry,7' said. the ydunsf-Bian humbly, -'but itVeally is.':' ?' :: ™r' '?;'? 'And are you alive?' '' ' .; 'I guess i oughtn't to be from' all ac counts. But I'm afraid I am. I hope you won't mind very much.' 'Mind very much; O, Randolph1.' He put out his hands towards her and she ran to take them. 'This isn't a voice. Th'is isn't a dream. It is you, reallv, really!' 'And you aren't sorry ?' ? : 'Sony?' 'ic was only that Connie Eaid ? ' 'What does it matter, what Connie said?' Nelly aeked ungratefully. . Connie waited' to hear no more. She hurried to the house to tell her uncle that it was no longer necessary to go to Thibet. Next Week— 'DELIA'S WOOING.' By Clara Mulholland. 