The Late Mr G-. L.Hart Memorial Window. Unveiled at ' Indooroopilly Church. Special interest was taken in tho morning service at St'. Andrew's Anglican Oiiurch, Indooroopilly, yesterday, tho occasion being tho unveiling of the window plaocd in the bmlding to tho memory of tuo late Mr. Grahuin Lloyd Hart. Thero was a largo attendanco of worshippers, und the servico was conducted by the rector, Rov. Thomas Jones, assisted by the Rev. Canon Matthews, of Sandgate, au old friend of tho late Mr. Hart. The stained glass window, whioh was hidden by a curtain, was unveiled by tho Bishop of 'Brisbano. It has been placed just, over tho alter, aud contains as a central figure a representation of. Je6us Christ with a crown . of thorns in His hands, mid holding in His .arm a little child. ' On either , sido aro two nngels, each in au attitude of adoration and holding a scroll. A brass plato beneath tho . window bears tho words, " In romembranco ' of Grahum Lloyd Hart, an ablo and conscien tious obaneellor, a generous parishioner, and a loyal and faithful servant of tbo ehuroh," On the window are the initials " a versa of a hymn, and tho text, "Blessed aro tho pure in heart, for they shall soo God." Iu arawiug usido tho ourtaiu, tho bishop ropsuted iho words, "To tho greater glory of God and in remembrance of Graham Lloyd Hart, an able and conscientious chancellor, a generous parishioner, and a loyal and faithful servant of tho churoli. In tlio nnmo of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen." After prayer, and tho singing of a" hymn, tlio bishop preached an uppropriuto. nnd impressive ser mon, his thomo being tho bequest loft to thoso who livo in tho present by those who have gono bofore. This inheritance, ho remarked,, had been1 left in . the realms of soienco, philosophy, and invontiou; but a deeper uspcot of this truth was shown in tho legaoy of those whoso labours illustrated lofty ideas, nnd who had loft behind them an enthusiasm' whioh could not' die with them. Thoso liviug in tbo present day hud inherited, so to speak, the contagion from thoso who had gono before. They l|ad succoodod to u measure of living, und had inherited whnt had been done before their timo by the faith ful and true.- That tvus a legacy for which they ought to bo thunkful. 