THE BODILY ORIGIN OF ILLUSIONS, In this present age, as in all past ages, we find people who are convinced of having seen various spectres. 'We have arrived at a degree of education at which it is no longer permissible to believe in ahosts, yet we; have spiritualists, and people wlio are hoc spiniuausts nave Visions which, if they are exceptionally ignorant,' the} account for in the tradi tional manner of superstition, but which, if they are moderately enlightened, cause them to fear that they are going mad, which is however by no means necessarily the case. .,, , ? r , The writer will show precisely how these illusions are occasioned in different classes of subjects, and how any sane' person of ordinary capacity can see a ghosf, and any ghost that he likes, at ?will ; from what precise peculiarities of bodily structure certain persons see 'spirits' involuntarily, and how it happens that they see them ; and, in short, explain the art and tne accident ot seeing things which are not there. ? ? * . * My attention was first drawn to this subject by my own experience. I re member that once when I was. very young, enly a school boy, I stood on our back verandah at Balwyn one dark night, and some sound from within making- me think that I was called to, I turaed my head — and saw. the spectre of a baby sister who had just been buried. Many years later, though still a long time ago — fourteen or fifteen years — I was writing1 in my room, and had an arm chair beside me on which to place the manuscript as I finished it sheet by sheet. For the purpose of depositing there a written sheet I turned my gaze, which had before 'been concentrated upon the paper before me, and on that chair I saw a huge black spider, which, whilst I looked, faded away into viewless air. This naturally alarmed me as to the state of my health. I was afraid for the moment that I was going insane. But just then I remembered my schoolboy vision of the dead baby sister, and one little cir cumstance common to the two hallucina tions gave me a clue. It was the fact that on each occasion I had turned my gaze. * . ... , Now I knew that in every eye there is a blind spot. You can prove it for your selt in the following manner: — Stick a pin in the end of a pencil, and midway on the pin let there be a very small piece *-f white paper; then whilst you look Bteadily in front of you, move the pencil ?about at a little distance from ihe eye, somewhat outwards, and at length, if you have mastered the knack of keeping jour eye fixed and not turning it 'o follow the pencil, you will have your patience rewarded by finding that you can see the head of the pin, and also where the point is stuck in the pencil, but the little piece of paper on the pin will have disappeared, though as soon as you turn your eye the paper will come to sighi again. Pirsfc, we do not see an object imme diately when we first t.nrn our gaze upon it. The process of seeing takes time, and longer time if the optic nerve 59 fatigued or the lens of the eye happens to be out .of foens for the dis tance of the object ; longer yet if the ^UBcles which perform the work of ad lUBting ihe e\e to the correct focus are also we&k; or rigid with * fatigue. AH these conditions were present both when as a boy after staring out into the dark less I turned bt the supposed call, aLd ^ht n after long writing I turned to see jvh(re I was going- to deposit the sheet I ^ad JQSt written. . So that when the cover^6 Part °f the eve came to iZlv a e' sPace Previously covered 'by be bhnd spot, I did ^ for a moment see what .there really -was there to be He on. ...'???. nonWt aS t0 h°W l Came t0 se6 wnafc W£-s _ Doyou know when we dream the most ? When we are aslrep ? Not a bit of it'. m sound sleep we do not dream. When our sleep is imperfect, tfe do, and we never dream so much at any other time as we do when we are widest awake. Jne wildst dreams are simply memory pictures, perhaps so mixed up as to be unrecognisable ? whoever the bloodies in larger quantity through some portion or the brain it causes some of these stored up images to reappear. Bat they are so very faint that in ordinary cases it is only when, in im perfect slumber, the more vivid impres Bions of actual perception from without are suspended, that they make them selves known in our, consciousness! If you take a magic lantern illuminated by a candle, and project its picture on a screen in a dark room, that picture will be visible ; but if you throw upon the same screen the picture from a limelight lantern, that produced by the candle, although still present, will be completely enacea Dy tne more brilliant one. And so it is that though we dream most when awake, yet, because we are awake and responsive to the vivid impressions of the outer world, we are commonly unaware of those dreams. In such circumstances as I have des cribed, then, when we momentarily fail to see the real object that we have just commenced to look at, that moment of vacuity in which our attention is relaxed from all' external objects but what we fail to see, is filled up by the present ment of the internal image that happens to have been developed nearest to the consciousness — just os during the mo meniary eclipse of the limelight, the picture thrown by the candle lantern would again become visible on the screen. It was very natural on the first occasion that the memory of my dead little sister should lie very near to my con sciousness, and as to the second illusion, my room, which was untidy, was infested with spiders, of which 1 had a nervous horror, and for which I was always instinctively on the watch- And that shows why I saw what was not there, and also why I saw what I saw that, was not there. I saw indeed from the wrong end ot tne optic nerve, a memory-picture as formulated within the brain, during the temporary inability to see the real object, that had been excluded from view by the optical blind spot. As soon as I arrived at the conclusion in theory I hastened to verify it by ex periment, aud found that in strict ac cordance with the theory I could see the spider again in the same place by re peating- my former attitude and move ments, or, if 1 chose to bring anything else up in my mind, I could see that instead, as if it were a real object. But I could not see the spectre so clearly and vividly when my eyesight was properly aroused, nor at times when my eyes were not suffering from over-use or from general nervous exhaustion. Now you will note as a coincidence that in all the '' true' ghost stories told by sane but unenlightened persons, and circumstantially narrated, the person has invariably turned his or her head, or eye?, suddenly, before seeing the phantom ; and you will now know why it is so, and what that apparently trivial fact has had to do with the apparitions. But as to the spiritualists who 'see' spirits floating about them the case is a little different. I am compelled to make use of an uncomplimentary illustration. Supposing that a man indulges ^ in alcoholic excess until he gets the D.Ts. Well, his external perceptions are almost paralysed, and instead of having the intensity, to revert to our former illus tration, ol a limelight picture, they are as faint as that produced by the mere candle. On the other hand the interior of his brain is violently irritated, which causes the images arising within it to be unusually vivid, and so an equality is established between the imprfssions from t .e senses and those derived from within, and so the latter are confused with the former, without needing the aid of the blind spot of the eye. ISow in a'l ihe spirit-seeing mediums whom I huve studied, and they are a gocd many, I have observed that the y coloured part of the eye is deficient in colouring matter, which usually rneens a very low intensity of sight, or else the eye bore tokens of disease, or the person bad some obvious symptoms of slight diffused paralysis, the result probably of drug's or other abuses, affect'ng the optic nerve. On the other hand, tb^y have all b ea persons of' the .types indicating great-energy of the brdn and nerve substance, and in whom the secondary impressions of internal* origin would-be more intense than in the average man or woman. So that in reality, they see their visions for tbe same reason and in the same way as the D.T. patient sees his. But there is one essential difference. They see memory pictures, mere or less reconstructed, of somethingithat they have seen before, or that others have seen and transmitted, to them by a peculiar process called telepathy, which occurs more often accidentally than tinder voluntary control, and is to nerve force what the wirelrss telegraphy is to electricity. The D.T. patient sees also, in many cases, some of bis own minute bloodvessels, abnormally distended, which he takes for snakes; and as the fatigue of his irritated brain has made him in sensible to the colour of the blood, he sees them as negatives reversed in tint, that is to say green, just as if you persist in staring at a red ribbon till your eyes are weary and then look at the ceiling, you will see a green one there. Mr. Thomas Bawdon, editor of the Detroit '. Coming Democracy' incauti ously ventured into the Queen's do minions, speaking in the streets of Toronto, and giving some very pointed local elucidations of the evils of land lordism as exemplified in the ownership of large and valuable blocks of untaxed land in that city-, and as contrasted with the teaching of Moses, Isaiah, and Jesus. This offended the authorities and he was jailed for two or three days on false charges of using forbidden lan guage touching* the Queen and tbe Prince of Wales. His actual language was that he hoped the day would come when a man would be able to give the queen of his home more and the Queen and the Prince of Wales less than at present, and that he did not think it would hurt the Prince to work for his living. His detention was 'incom- municado.' — San Francisco 'Star.' * # . * . He is a free man if he has the means of livelihood, and is assured in their possession ; if he is independent of others.. But if he is dependent upon some o' her man for the means of earning a livelihood, he is not free. The failure of most revolts, even such as have permanently displaced an op pression, has been their failure to recog nise this faot. If the Venetians bad agreed with Garibaldi when he came (be did not come in person, of course), or with Italy when they were united to it, that thencefor ward all should be guaranteed the means of livelihood, they would really have all freed themselves. If the French revolution had estab lished these conditions, the first republic would still be one and indivisible. But the Venetians fancied it was enough to drive out the Austrians ; the French thought to end all injustice by beheading the aristocrats. Even the Americans believed they had ordained universal freedom when they had thrown off their old allegiance to England, abolished titles, given every one suffrage, and made their 'prince elective. In each case something was gained, but it was nofc liberty for all. 