RUDYARD KIPLING. [HY ALKXAKDKU SITIIKKLAND. M.A.I It is not at all unlikely that scores oi thousands of pound* will be collected as the proceeds of Rudyard Kipling's recent ver ics; and this result, unexampled in litera ture, rccails vividly to our minds what n virile force tliat single intellect is in tbe current story of our race. He is a ix-w« behind the Throne and the Cabinet and Parliament; i'or behind all these is the heart of the people, and that heart is deep in thrall to the magic of the young Anglo Indian. Far as the empire extends his iu fluence is ::clt; his lines riug in men's ears; his thoughts go bounding in their pulses; ?nd his emotional fervour helps in the mak ing of their history. The arums cf Tyi taeus, m:i:;{ to the flute by the marching Spartans, insj/ircd a few t'iiuusauds of 4 primitive race to the desperate valour which leads to conquest. Korner, with his 'Lyre and Sword,' filled the breasts of the Germans in their uprising against Napoleon with a perfect frenzy of^patriotism; and his verses, though their literary skill is slight, have had their own significant share in pro ducing that German solidarity which is des tined to play so large a part in the coming century. But by far the most potent of this tribe of patriotic singers is in our midst at this very hour, animating the Anglo-Saxon hosts to the dominance which seems within their grasp. - Nor has he been a martial singer, only. He seems to have the knack of sympathy .with every form of gallant en deavour, and he has put heart into the sea man, the pioneer, and even the peaceful at- tificer. And yet his success is due quite as much to his limitation's as to his powers. If he diad come among us with a cultured style, a noble cost of thought, or a ne* message to be delivered to the race, liw never could have wielded hi his lifetime ail this hugely potent influence. But he writes the language of the streets, lending it a new incisiveness, and his thoughts are the thoughts c; tiie man in the street. Even when a full, frei1 breath of lwctry flows, as it sometimes docs, through his verses, the sentiments he expresses arc only the ordinary man's opinions, felicitously put. This is not a pe riod of high-tla'vs literary taste in England. As one of the leading publishers told me when I was in London, what the public wan; is 'competent mediocrity.' To a most utiu?ual degree Kipling satisfies this requirement, fur his prevailing characteris tic is his supremely competent mediocrity, lie bus uo ideals to preach to which the homeliest heart in the regiment might not respond. The daring imagination which carried Shelley out of himself into worlds the common man never cures to enter is not for Kipling; though he sometimes, us in 'Toralinson's Ghost*' has suggestion of it. The deep devotion of Wordsworth to the beauty and the tenderness of Nature is never seen in this our youngest master singer. The joy of Keats in the weaving of fair words1; the mission of Tennyson to encourage the lofty mind aud ihe cultured gentlemanly type; the passion of Browning lor .-:ub:le anal.vs.is. of iliaracter— ailttuse.uml everything else that is foreign to the lite of the ordinary man are, fortunately for Kip ling, absent from liis motive and his work. Tiie Kev. Charles Clark once told me that one of the great secrets of popular lec turing is never to tell the i-eople much that they didn't know lieforc. The average audience can stand only a UtOe that is new. Express what everybody think*, but express it better than he can for himself. Describe what everybody knows, but make him know it more vividly than ever before, and your success is assured. Rudyard Kipling is the supreme muster of the art; aud his reward will be that a big place awaits him in British history. Whether he will have a first-class place in English literature is a wholly different matter. He came at an op portune time in our national story. Twenty years before our empire seemed to be growing flabby and loosejoint ed. There was- a chance that the fabric had reached its culmination, and wns likely to break away into fragments of slender importance. Then the reaction set in. A tide of imperialistic fervour be gan to rise. Everybody struggled with in articulate thoughts. A few were giving them voice and slowly shaping them for ac tion, when in came the youth from India with his incomparable directness and pi quancy of style. Just at that time two cir cumstances conspired to make his wclcome very wide — so wide as to be practically uni versal. First of all, the Board Schools in England had poured into the field of rea ders a huge army of people anxious for lite rature, but not cultured— capable of appre ciating strength, but caring little about re finement or elegance of style. Kipling's work had with them the power to bite. His forceful use of the better sorts of slang; his reckless resoluteness to pick the word that suited him. often at the expense of good taste, sometimes even in violation of decency; and, in his verses, the familiar swing of the music-hall rhythms, combined to suit this class. And then, on the other hand, the educated were ready for a spell of reaction from the cultured school that had lorded it over the reading world so long. Tennyson's elegance, Ruskin's art fervour, Matthew Arnold's dilettante gra ces, all the excellences of these and so many other very superior persons had for a while been growing less acceptable. The average Briton, at heart a Philistine, felt inclined to exclaim 'Confound your cul ture; let's have a little low life.' He was like the man who has for months been in humanly condemned to ten-course dinners, and feels how happy he could be with a steak and a pint of porter. The educated classes were in that mood in which the ad vent of a Burns or a Dickens is gladly wel comed to take literature for a while out of its starched shirt and its frock-coat and put it in a homely garden suit. In consequence of his own great gifts and the opportuneness of his coming, Kipling has achieved a popularity unparalleled in the history of literature. But in the inte rests of literary taste and sober-mindedness let us beware of over-estimating his place. The more we overdo our admiration, the quicker and the more merriless will be the reaction. Kipling at present enjoys a vogue far beyond those of Tennyson and of Dic kens combined. This one recent poem cf his has brought in more money than Thac kery ever earned with all his work, or George Eliot, with all her fine array of masterpieces. Yet no serious person would for a moment compare him with any one of the four; and it is often seen that these quali ties of perfect adaptability to the times, which give the greatest popularity, are not those that make the most abiding regula tion. Byron suited his age, and was the worshipped star. Shelley wrote for succeed ing ages, and was invisible to the naked eye: but Byron has waned, and Shelley has waxed, until now their relative positions are quite reversed. The fact is that, while Kipling's work is the finest possible of its class, it by no means belongs to a high class. It bears the same relation to true literature that a good melodrama bears to Shakspeare. or a light oncra to the work of the great composers. No matter how imnular may b» the' music of 'Pinafore'' and ''The Mikado' \--no matter how wide extended mav be t!it pleasure they give, no re.it ter how harmless or even beneficial their effect— they never can place Sir Arthur Sullivan nmoni; the immortals. Nor can any amount of sueces-: in writing 'Barrack-room Ballads' or 'Plain Tales from the Hills' lift a Kipling into the level of a Tennyson or a Thackeray. On the other hand, it is onlv fair to notice that there are indications of many sorts to suggest that Kipling may yet accomplish work on a higher level of artistic merit. Every year has seen a certain progress in the quality of his poetry. The 'Departmen- tal Ditties' are, with one exception, of the poorest stuff, and I thought it an excellent sign of his growing taste when his agent in London told me that he had been commis sioned by the poet to see if the copyright could be bought back from Sir Of** Kewnes. who holds it. Kipling wished-to suppress this boyish production of precocious jingles, and it is hardly to the credit of the wealthy publisher that he in sists upon keeping it alive. Kipling's re fond volume of verse, called 'Barrack- room Ballads,' while in general of the same class, has work that reaches a whollv lictter level; and his third, entitled 'Seven .St-Ms,' contains no pieces of the commoner c-liKs, while it has many that rise undoub tedly into the region of true ix.etry. Jn such a ballad as that descriptive of Eng land a« the mother of pioneers there is a spVndid brettli of the old ballad style. Il l-cgin+— There dwells an old wife by the western gate, And a weary wife is she. Slic lirccih a lint-U of roving men, And (j-ti them ovcr- sca. Iii'let-d, it may be said of Kipling that no one in our century has been so fully pos sessed by the spirit of the old ballad-wri ters. Scott, Southey. Wordsworth, and Longfellow wrote beautiful poems in ballad kfvje, Imt tliPv are all only exquisite imi tations. Kipling's is the real thing, ;ind there is this »u..,it difference in his favour —they go bark to old themes in hopes of getting the ancient inspiration, yet their treatment is essentially modern.' Kipling seizes a modem subject, and handles it with out mediaeval affectation; yet the breath oi' tlii' vcrw s'.tms to be that of a primi tiyo time. There is a wonderful instance ot tin:- in that very fine ballad Iwianning— ?J.mid sing the rouls of the jolly, jolly milliners.' It argues well for a promising future whii-h we Mould all wish well to we that in his later pieces of the las; four yen-*, scattered through periodicals and not vi ; withered into' any volume, Kip l:ng l-piiilips a still lusher st.indanl. When we ?ce them all collected, and each lends (ininU-n.im.-e to each, we may acquire ad iliti'iml rcsppct for his work.' We shall all Iv? glad, perhaps, to add a solid re.-qtcct to the hearty liking we now confer. .\\- a writer of sh.irt stories Kipling !ia.- hit the null on the head with great success over iind over again. Whether humorous or patbetu-, or merely delineotive, they pos sess a wonderful crip; and 110 one who roads 'Baa liaa Black Sheen,' or -'The Drums of the Fore and Aft,' or the fkoti-hrs «f those whimsical rascals, the '-nldiers Three.' can ever forget how their racmess woke him up to a keen satisfaction. It is true that some of the Indian stories leave an unpleasant flavour in the mouth; that I he humour «n-sses fire border oica siop.ally into vulgarity: that th-» realism passes into larrikinism and profanity; that the pathos even as with Dickens. ' has n trirk of turning into sentimentality, and often fails in that manlinc-s which, with ,1 few exceptional oasos. keeps all the pathos of Slmkspeare in healthy tone. Neverthe less tlicy are full of emotional duality, and sniffer little from that fatal dry rot of things artiV.ic— the commonplace. We ofle-n hear allusions to the genius of Kij-- tin}.', hut it seems to me that he is less cha racteri/td by cenius than Ity cxtraonlinarv -lrvcnif«.*. When he addresses hiniHolf to a suhjrt't he shows h wonderful fact in seiz ing the heart of it, and a finished skill in choosing the point of view that will inte rest tho reader inort. liis precision of at tack anil his rough felirily of diction com plete the success tlms prepared for. Kill all thc.-e qualities lielong rather to smart ness and competence thai! to that ilecpei and more pennancnt gift which wo vaguely call inniii*. J'roin iiis free iw of tho vt'rna cu'ar. Kipling is often compared with Hums: yet there is no real analog-. Kip lii!-' may. in his own way. rival tlic 'Twa hrig*' ov 'Holy \\\\*il1ie*s Prayer,' Imt he has produceil nothing in any way to !«? coinpireil with t'-e 'Cottar's Siturdav Night.' oi-( such a lyric as 'To Jlary in Heaven.' The studt-iit of Burns is impress ed by weicht and strength. He feels his mind drinking in from a larger and wider mind. The student of Kipling feels im pressed rather by smartness and i-oint. His mind is kept amused and lively by n quicker and cleverer mind. Wide though the raiipc may be over which Kipling has dis|ilayr-l his power, he nowhere sIiowk the depth of passion, the tender iierception of beauty, the perfect i-apac-ity for purest lyric me lody, th.it have given to the Scottish pea Milt so lasting a command over the human heart. No. nor anything in the least like these qualities. And yet when all is said— whether the genius which here and there shows in -trp.ik- through Kipling's work is destined to be in fulne.ss of time predominant in it, or whether he is to be only the perfection of music-hall smartness, with patches of better work — the fact remains tliat tie is at present a mighty influence in our empir-e. And who is there but envies him the p-*- scssion of that potent touch upon the moods of an imperial race? Posterity may no: endorse on- golden opinions, but history will have to relate how he gave articulate voice to the imperialistic feeling when it was -rt nascent and formless, and how ho tilled the si.uls of our kindred over all t!ie lands and every sea with a (spirit that if bound to lead to the happiest result* for Anslo-Saxnndom, and thi-nre, let us ?hope, fur thp world. Whether his name is tc shine with those o: t!ie immortal bards -we can hardly yet predict: but this -o far if pertain — that history will record how in the opening of Uie twentieth century he stood forth as beyond mistake the true Tyrtaeus of the English race. 