JU VENILE OFFENDERS. In a speech recently delivered in M elbourne, S ir J o h n M Avvtft directed attention to the iucreafia in juvenile crime in V ictoria, and pointed out that it w as to b e a ttrib u ted very largely to th e disregard of tbeir responsibility by parents- Very sim ilar rem arks wore made in Sydney by E arl B iaucbahp, and th ere can b r no doubt th a t sim ilar comment oonld with tro th and reaeon be echoed in all the oolooies. T he liberty accorded to cbildrffi is too wide, and it carries with it very often a feeling of freedom from all restrain t, oven th a t of those laws which grown up peopl are compelled to obey. T here i most undoubtedly room for reform ii the existing m ethods of home training, as wnll as for some mor<> satisfactory system of dealiog with juvenile Senders. T he m a tte r has recently enaged the atten tio n of the Hodhc of ords, w here, at th e instigation of Lord iM ie, a Y outhful Offenders' Bill has een adopted and transm itted to tbe ouse of Commons. The m ain proisions of the B ill are— (1) T hat a ale “ child or youDg person” may e sentenced in lieu of a n y other unishment to a p riv ate w hipping pon oonviotion, w hether on indictent or snm rnarily, of any offence, ther than hom icide; ( 2) th a t a arent or guardian, if such ohild or oung person com m its a n y offenoe, and it i# proved tbat tho parent or uardian baa oonduoed thereto by egleoting, without sufficient exotuao, o exeroiso doo oontrol,” may be rdered by. a court of summary OOD. iotion to pay compensation, up to 6, to aDy person injured by the ffence, to pay eoet of the legal proeedings against-, aod to give ecurity for tbe child or young per* oo. The words “child” and “ young torfion“ erfiou” a rr rc lo !n Lhva have tbo Ehn aamrt same ruoatiiDg m n i.,inn s in tho Sum m ary Jurisdiction Aof, 879, by seotios 49, of which “ child eauB “ a person w ho, in tb s opinion f the C ourt before whom he is brought, is u n d er tb s ags of tw elve) years,'1 and “ young person ” m eans I parson who, iu th e opinion of the I C ourt before w hom he is brought, is of tbe age of tw elv e years -and under th e age of sixteen years.” T b e rem arks made from tim e to tim e by tko Police M agistrates of H obart and Launoeston voioe a demand for legislation npon tb e theory ju s t outlined. These gentlem en believe that private w hippings would, in many oases, be tbe best a n d most deterrent form of punishm ent th a t could be meted out. T h is is, of course, the sentim ental o bjection that exists in regard to flogging, and very strong argum ents can be adduoed to sustain it. D uring the debate in the H ouse of Lords the Hasqpjtss op S ausb u b t indulged in a d iatrib e against sentim entality, wbioh, up to a o rU in point, was admirable a n d oonvincm g; but he certainly ehow ed himself inappreciative of a general and defensible sentim ent when he added th a t ho “ could n o t understand why the artp of a poliseman should be more contam inating than Ihe arm of a parent.” W hilst the vast m ass of people have no a b stract objpol to tbe w hipping of a b stract children, they change th eir m ind and join the sentim entalists w hen the punishm ent is proposed to bo inflioted on tbeir own. The proposal to “ flog” creates a serious business, and we are by do means oonvinoed th a t ite adoption is either necessary o r deairable, B ui tb e o th er motion of tb e Bill, wbioh emphasises the responsibility of parents, will be widely endorsed, and it is probably even more neeesa a rj io these colonies than i t is in England. T h e n oan be no doubt th a t m aterial w hich could be weaved into splendid use, nstioual and social, is being wasted in these colonies because it is nnoared for aod unappreciated. W h at aw aits serious consideration is th e form w hich the punishment of juvenile offenders and the training of negU cted children should take. I t h as been suggested in our colum ns th a t the es'ablishm ent of a tra in in g ship w ould brlp largely to 6olve th e problem, acd tbat it m ight be m ade a feeder to tbe system of Em pire defence th a t must ere long be established. T he Vernoo in Sydney and th e Sir H arry Sm ith and D eborah in V ictoria have been associated w ith splendid work in this direction- w ith quite as satisfactory resu lts m ight be expected here. O a r present system is far from perfect,since it relegates the boys to a period o f charmless work, and leaves them a t the end od the term of tbeir sentence, not very much better equipped fo r the battle of life than it found them , whilst th ere is also reason to believe that a considerable num ber of young persons who are allowed to rensain w ith tbeir parents are even more unhappily circum stanced th a n those who ar.< sent to lu d o siria l Schools. The whole question of juvenile erim e and parental responsibility oalls loudly for attention, a n d when it is considered it will be found, we think, tb a t a train in g ship is after all the best establishm ent tb st tbe State oan m aintain. Let it be elearly understood a t the outset th a t ch ild ren wandcriog about tbe streets w ithout being under tbo ontrol of some responsible person, or fter certain hours, will be sent to tho eform atory yard , detained there, aod h at parents w ill be compelled to accept responsibility for any dam age ustained by tb e wroDgfnl acts of h eir children, a n d there w ill be rapid and u a rk ed improvement ur eooial system . There is, of oourse, th e standing objection to drastic or “ feudal ” laws in tbi# egard, and we a re often told th at they are relic# of tb e dark ages, but hey would certain ly tend to make b e outlook b rig h te r ai.d b*nish much h at is w rto g and more th a t is ainful iu o u r p resent system, T b i G aribaldi shooting osse is an in, eiprcBsibly s id one, from w hatever standpoint it is regarded. I t seems alm ost incredible i G abifsxdi dw ellers in tbe c itl S hootiko th a t there should beany Ca m . p a tt of Tasmania w hich it is necessary for residents to keep firearm s loaded and ready*for use in o rd er to protect their property or th eir lives. The residenoe of tbe K ip Y ens, whieh was the sceie of (he recent tragedy, bad previously been threatened w ith violence, and th a t fact no d oubt largely induced tbe girl Ada to take tb e steps she d id for the protection of herself and her brother aud sisters. That h e r action was folly justified by the circnm ntanceB has been abundantly proved, She was in draad th a t ber own boaor tn d the safety of th e little ones were jeopardised, and sh e took tb e only possible step to proteot them. The drunken men w ho bad spoken contemptuously of b er a s a half-oast* were given fair w arning, and she was uol supposed or expected to m ske any allow&noe; for th e fa c t tbat they were in a condition maddened by drink, except, perhaps, to tb s extent th a t it impressed ber w ith tbe belief tb st hor position was m ore serious than jf they had been sober. fto blam e can be attsshod to A n i Kip T ift and Mansion, who w as rather an Accessory to Tbompiob’s misconduct th a n anything else, b&s; paid tbe fearfol penalty of life-Bacrifioe, h u t Bome d punishm ent will probably be meted out to bis com panion. Protection m ust be given to persons living lonely localities, an d they should bo spared the risk of hiving to take human life in o rder to lave tbeir ow n; th a t, unfortunately, is w hat A da K ir Yen baa had to do, and she is deserving of the sy m pathy of th e who!* onmmunity. O th er lss#ons present themselves in eonueotion w ith G aribaldi shooting case, bat they are ho self-evident th a t w e need not dwell apon them, I n the good old days, and indeed until very recently, it has been usual to accept w ithout a shadow of hesitatio n any statem ent T he E viction*, of foot m ade in e ith e r House of P a r­ liam ent by a M inister of the Orown. Tim es, however, and customs are undergoing a change, and M inisterial tterances, w hen subjected to nalysis, are now and again iscovered to lie alik e inoorreot and ungenerous. Tw o statem ents m ade by tho M ioister of L ands within tb e ast, few days are pitiable instances f tbo ebftnge th a t baa taken place. Tho first of these b ad referoooe to an nterview between th e Mioister, a city erchant, a n d a solicitor. I t h as een found neosssiry to oorreot th e l original statem ent given to th e Hon#* by the Minister, b a t even in ite revised form it is ungenerous and inoomplote, and unless certain fu rther sltcrationa and consequential apologies a re made somewhat uncom fortable positions are likely to be oroated. B ut infinitely more reprehensible was th e statem ent made by the M inister yrB terdayto the effect th a t Mr G m g iY , had wired to the residents of K elly Basin urging them to resist the action of th e police in ihe perform ance of th e ir duty. This hiatemonf was denied, and when M r Gaffnit’s telegram —upon which tlio statem ent was founded— was read it proved conclusively not only tbat tbo oharge was unw arranted, b ut that tho m em ber for Lyell had rtally advised the people to comply with tho law. The whole eviction business at Kelly Basin is inconsiderate in the extrem e, if not absolutely heartless, bat-worse still are the m eans tbat are being tskwn to vindicate th e Ministerial prsition. T h e responsibility to r any serious results th at m ay ooour in oooneetion w ith the proosps th a t is now being applied with o ut “ unnecessary barshnes” (a very significant term ) on the West Ooast m ast rest upon M inister of Lauds, whose draBtio initiation o fa u p w policy of ooiroion is in strange and b itte r contrast with th e sp irit of the Governm ent &oder; wbioh we live. T be Ministeriol ukase m ast, of coarse, be obeyed, even though i t m ay deprive women and children of their little homes, which, according to Mr. U bqchxbt it is doing, h u t some allowance m ust be made for hnm an feelings in th e bressto of those w ho rightly or w rongly imagine that they have been subjeoted to oppression. This refers to the maiu question, w hich may still be debased, and should be debated in the H ouse; t^e action of the M inister last evening is n o t open to debate. U pon the evidence available tbcrc was certainly nolhi g to justity the charge made against M k. Gaffket by (he M ninter Thu telegram read in th e House contradieted it, aud could not in any way be connected with any resistance that has beeD either threatened or offered, and unless the Mi: inter was prepared to fam ish some additional pro,if o justification he should cot have vea tnrcd Lo make the statem ent ho did. I t will be a bad day fo r tb e colony when we aro unable to accept without question or hesitation statem ents of facts made by M inisters in the L egislator^_____ J dbticx in th i W ibt. — Ministerial recollection ii pingularly at fault in regard to tho administration of juitioe on the 'Watt Coast, aud this happens appaienily under sucoe^eiTS Premiers. When a third judge was appointed it was distinctly understood tbat sitting* of tha Supreme Court would be held on tbe West and North-West Coasts, and tbat a judyi should visit Lsuuceetoa weekly. It wai m consequence of Fhie promif* that the appointment was sanctioned, but it appi th at after all it is to be disregarded and the coastal residents are to be subjected, caees of serious offences, to all the vsnience of tbe present system, by whieh poiiee and witnesses are brmght to Hobart and tbe country pays the cost. It is proposed now tbat Sir Hall, the Police Magistrate at Eesban, efaould be appointed Recorder and exercise extended criminal jurisdiction. Has Mr Hall time to derote to tbis work, or will it involve tbe appointment of an additional magistrate t Bnt in any case the appointment will not confer any advantage upon tbe North-West Coast people. It is understood tbat tbe judgt are quite willing to hold courts on tfc coast, and it it difficult to understand uhy the original arrangement is not adhered to. PusLio TVq&ib; Tbndibs—The following tenders have been accepted bj the Department of Public W orkeB osd, Prosser's Forest road, contract 8, H. aod E. Millwood, £60 18s 6d, subject to a redaction of work at scbedele prices to extent of £10 12s 6d ; road, Toupataboo road, contract 6, Clark and Doyle, £151 12s lOd; road, parish of Goodleigb, to selection of J. Wiseman, contract 1, Thomae Gofrans, jun , £44 19s 9d j Levan Banks Stele school and residence, erection of, Daniel Sidnell, £206 ; Pjllioger (Kelly’s Basin) post and telegraph office, erection of, E. B. Goddard, £674 16s ; Broadm&rsb; State school, repairs, Thomas Howell, £78 30*. Supplied to Her Majesty Queen Victoria and Royal Family—Brinemead Pianos, A F i l l or Timbix— Robert Lovell, aged 28, mm admitted to the General Hospital this morning in a very preearioos condition. It appears that the nnforiuQat* man was working a t Recherche Bey stacking timber, when a quantity fell ou him, injuring his leg. This happened bonfca fortnight ago, and since then be has been lying in a damp bed in a hat at Recherche, With the result that hs has become quite helpless with the cold, and his limbs have become very mncb swollen. He was brought to town in ths ketch ood Intent this morning, and was coneyed to the Hospital by Constable George ard, when Dr Lines received him. A special offer for one month. Gent.. olonial Tweed Suit, worth S6a, for Ss; well-made, cut and lined. Swift Th« Ghost—Tha poiiee, on mquiring into the alleged sighting of the ghost at Sandy Bay on Thureday evening by two young Ladies have discovered that the report wa# wholly incorrect. It turns out that the alleged ghost was a yoang man standing on the corner lighting his pipe, and the ladies, who hod been talking ghost" all the way home, immediately jumped to tbe cenclnsion tbat it was the ghost, and oue of them screamed, The yonng man, however, walked up andatked them what was th* matter, aud the illusion was immediately dispelled. Police Coubt.—The Police Magistrate (Mr B. Shaw) aud Mr Clyde Hamilton, J.P., presided at tbe above Court this morning, whun the only caee to deal with was one of using indecent language in tbe city on Cth io st, for which Ernest Elliott was fonnd guilty and ordered to pay aflne of 20s and costs l£s fid, or in default 14 imprisonment. Log Cabin and Weleome Nugget Tobaccos, at Charns Bbos.', Elirabeth and Murray streets. Thbatbx Rotaj. — “ Pygmalion aod Galarea,” Mr W. 6. Gilbert's sparkling comedy, wm produced by the Woods- Williameon Dramatic Company at (he Theatre Royal last night, and fittingly brought to e. termination a season that was successful from every point of view. Good work has hern done by th* ladies and gentlemen comprising tbe oompany from tha outset, and fcht-y have had the satisfaction of playing not only to good 1 isi, bnt to remarkably appreciative ■, aud they have the farther pleasure of knowing that tbeir advent here will sot he readily forgotten by tbe theatregoers «f this city, “ Jn Pygmalion and Galatea ” Miss Williamson was partieniariy effective Galatea, and Mr Woods gave a capital rendering of Pygmalion, while the rapport accorded by the other members of tbe company, particularly Mr Coughlan as Ohryaoi, Miss May Heiford m Daphne, and Miss Jackson as Myrine, was on the whole very capable and eatisfActory. The company next appear on the West Coast, and will leave Hobart on Monday. If yon require a Piano call and inspect efore deciding. Brinsmeed Depot, 87 lizabeth struct. T asmanian P od*.tbt Sooistt.—Entries or the anneal ehor (o be bwJd on 22nd sad Srd iuat clote on Tueaday, 14th luit. c ['here will bo competitions in poultry roceiog and dressing, eteo dry plucking. p chedule* cab be obtained from Messrs h . T. Gould and Co and metub«rs of the ommittee. Five years guarantee given with th* J orid-recotmad Briusmes^ PiluM P C itt Couiron..—ThB Muaioipal Council will meet on Monday next, at 4 o’clock, when tbe following business will have consideration :—Reports from tbe various committees — Lighting — On letter from th Misses Mayson, re lamp, Melville etreet. Health aud Sanitary—On letter from F. W. Robson, r« erection of a cupola furnaos, Lower Macquarie street. Gont.’s Trousers, and TYoaseni and Tests to ele&r; at oost price for one month only. Swnv snd Co. Maeonio Ball—The ball given in the Masonic Hall last evening to inaugurate tho opening of the new ballroom was very succsnfol. The new ballroom, which is _ elegant structure, needs bat little decoration to make it a perfect “ hall of beauty.” The picture which on glancing at the hall yesterday afternoon seemed wanting in something was completed Ust evening when the guests amsmbled. and a prettier scene it would be bard to imagine; the brilliant dresses of tbe ladies and tbs showy regalia of the Masons harmonising together in • manner which could not bat please the eye In all there were some 260 people present, and as the greater proportion of them, danosd it will not take any great stretch of imagination to pioture tbe evening as a most enjeyabl* one. Freemasons make ideal M.C.’b, perhaps wecould go farther than that and asy they know how to oondnet a dance to a successful issue, and in this last evening they added one more •ncates to a long roll of similar succsssas. The K.C’i. were Brothers J. W. Israel (chairman), G. Murdoch, A . R. Butterfield, F. Bryan Pooock, and H. j . Wise j committee. Brothers J. W. Israel (chairman), H. J. Vfus (hmi treasurer), YF. T. Thorp, Jaa Reid, G. H . Barton, F , D. Valentine, W. O. Grobb, 8 . W. Risbf, A. H. Ashbolt, G. Murdoch, W . BowtalC A . A. Moors, A. R. Butterfield, D. P. Young, aud F. Bryan ^oseck (bon secretary). Th* done* mnsie waa tapplied by an admirable string band under tha oonduotorahip of Mr T. W. fiopklns. Sapper was scrred in two rooms, whioh dispensed with the objectionable crowding whioh usually enines when tapper is served in one room, which will only, as a rule, hold about half the; wufl’ti. The tables in the supper rooms .. tuost tastefully decorated, aod laid out with admirable skill and artistic taste. The programme was a very lengthy one, comprising, as it did. over £0 items. Those who danced ihe first act were—The Moat YTorebipfol Grand Master (Hon 0. B. Davies, M.L.O.) and the Mayoress (Mrs G. Dories); U.W. Pro. Master (R. J. Sadler, bl.n.A.) and Mta 0 B. Daviea; tha R W .D G M . (J. G. Davies, U.Q.A..) and Mr* Wolfbagen j V.W. Brother E. H. Batter and Mrs E. J . Rogera; V.H. Brother E. J. Rogers aod Mrs F. B Pocock j V.W. Brother J.'W . Israel and Mr* H. T. D ’Emden j V.W. Brother F, B. Poeock and lfiss Hamilton. Ton can purchase on time payment Pianos at 80s monthly. Brinsmaad. Gbsat Wsbti&x; B ajlw at—A public meeting was to have been held at the Mayor’s Courtroom luet evening to discos# matters in connection with tha Great Western Railway, but on those interested assembling Mr W. A. Finlay (Chairman) stated that as the result of the deputation to Ministers tbat afternoon had not been decided there was no bosiness to be done. He trusted the Government, who had the matter under consideration, would extend to the Company the same justice and fairness th a t had been extended to the Emu Bay Railway Company. Tbe meeting adjourned to a date to be fixed. No decision, in regard to the request made yesterday, has been arrived at by Ministers. Leg Cabin and Welcome Nngget Tbn*c$oBt a t C hens Bros.', Elisabeth and Murray streets. Goon T am flik t—1The weekly meeting of the members of tbe Haste to the Reecbe Lodge, No 2, I.O.G.T., was held last evening a t the Temperance Hall. Several communications were received from the Grand Lodge Secretary and dealt with. The Lodge Deputy, Brother Pelfreyman, installed tbe officers for tbe present quarter. Brother J. Bisley and Sister Lester assisted as the Installing Marshalls. The Juvenile Superintendent, Sister Smith, reported satisfactorily of the new Temple recently opened. The quarterly bal&uce; was submitted and found correct, tbe total number of members being 81. Kext Friday the monthly open Lodge public meeting will be held. Addresses, recitations, and solos will ba given. The public will be admitted a t B o’sloek, Ths meeting was dosed a t 0.26. If you cannot visit as send your order by post, it will be faithfully executed. Swot id Co, 41 Murray st. MonrvLT H ibald—This paper timed in connection with Chalmers’ Presbyterian Chnroh is making Steady progress. Ic i bright and winsome in style and contains large quantity of interesting matter, prominent feature in tbe issue before tu are letter* recently received from Mr John Macfsrlane, who ti engaged in miesionary work in China, and for whose safety anxiety bos been felt. Pianos by English and German makers i time payment Brinemead Show Rooms, ExoTjastow Tbain—A special exenraion train will leave Hobart for Glenora tomorrow afternoon at 2.20, returning to the city at 6.60 p.m. Alterations are also notified in the train service on the Derwent Valley line, and coaching arrangements have, it is intimated, been made to connect with them. Fsotsstawt Association—A meeting of the Protectant Association of Tasmania will he held a t the Mechanics’ Institute Monday evening. LiesNsnvo M xrirao—Quarterly licencing meetings will be held on Monday next. To the Dxaj,—A rich lady, cured of her keafnees and Nouoa in the Head by Dr. Nicholson's Artifloial E ar Drama, gave £5000 to bee Institute, so tbat deaf people nable to procure th e Ear Drums may have them free. Address No. 780d, The icholson Institute, Longontt, Gunners ury, Loudon, W. A fall range of Melbourne Traveller't amples of every description at cost price. wnrT and Co., 41 Morra? street. Log Cabin and_ Welcome Nugget 