SECOND EDITION. 4 A.M. LORD HOPETOUN. ARRIVAL AT FREMANTLE condition of his health. weak, but improving. back among old friends. PERTH, Thursday. — Tho absenco of reliable information as to the movemonts of Lord Hopo- toun and his arrival in Fremantle, as well as tho desire of the home authorities that 110 reception should take piaeo_ on account of hffi ill-health, accounted for tho fact that no arrangements had boeu made to formally welcome him to Australia. But the overhead railway bridge at Fremantle had been decorated with Hags and greenatuffs, while "Federated Australia Welcomes -the Go vernor-General" extended around the end of the uriugu 111 reu loitering 011 wmte background. Over the centre of tho Inscription was a design on calico representing tho (lags of the Empire enclos ing a painting of the Governor-General. Tho H.M.S. Victoria, which Lord Hopetoun boarded at Colombo In such a weakened condition ou account of fever that ho had to he carried on board, was sighted from Rottneet at 2.15 this morning, and entered tlio River at 5.30, berth ing at South Quay. By that timo the vessels at the wharf wero gay with hunting from at cm to. stern, and cho mall steamier was similarly dressed. At 8 a.m. tho Fremantle Artillery fired a snluto at the South Quay, and the guns from tho Royal Arthur replied. It had beon intended that Lord Hopetoun should Join tho flagehlp at Fre mantle, and proceed direct to Sydney, but that plan had to bo changed, for the medical adviser, Major P. Phlison, deemed it advisable that the Governor-General should continue his voyage to' Adelaide in tho mail steamer, and then embark on tho Royal Arthur. ' LORD HOPETOUN INTERVIEWED Ills Excellency granted an interview in tho cap tain's cabin, which had boon placed at his dispo sal for the voyage by Co'mmander Crewe. Lord Hopetoun was looking thin and pallid, and seemed generally tho ghost of his former self. Although rapidly recovering" from his severe attack of malarial dysentery, he bore plen tiful signs of tho ravages of the disease. While ready enough to converse, ho desired to keep away from political matters, and in reply to tho Interviewer could give no information as to whom ho would call upon to form the first Fed eral Ministry. With regard to his illness. Lord Hopetoun said he had gone to India for a five-weeks' holiday,- and at that time he had every reason to believe that tho climate would suit him. For the first 10 days, li 0 was particularly well; then, all In one day, lie was stricken with fever, arid became seriously ill. This was at Meerut. Ho had af terwards to be carried into Government House, Colombo, as tho attack had developed into a severe form of malarial dysentery.'. . "I am quite fit now," remarked his Excel lency, but his appearance belled it. "At Meerut, I believe, I hardly weighed as much as my eldest child. I am able to dress myself now, and toddle about. It was only the day before yesterday that I was able to walk about deck. I don t want to see any more of India," and bis thoughts very evidently Went back to unpleasant experi ences he had encountered there. - , , LADY HOPETOUN'S ILLNESS. Referring to the illness of Lady Hopetoun", he quoted that misfortunes never seem to crime singly. "Two days before reaching Colombo," he said, "Lady Hopetoun took ill, and by the time the seaport tvas in sight she . was suffering from malarial fever. Thank God, she is well," he added, when ho was informed of the latest cable reports regarding her condition. Questioned as to his feelings on returning to Australia, Lord Hopetoun replied that he was coming back among old friends, and di'd not feel shy this time. The years he had spent in Aus tralia were, he said, the happiest years of his life, and he was pleased to he hack again. It was gratifying to find that the people were eo kind and thoughtful in remembering one who had left them, though only for a time. Tho general rule was that when once a man goes he goes for ever. THE FEELING IN ENGLAND. With reference to tho feeling in England at the Federation of the Australian colonies, Lord Hope toun said that great delight was felt throughout the kingdom at the fact that' the colonies had entered into a union. When asked if he had a mes sage to send to the people of Australia he re marked that his message would he to the whole of Australia tills time and not to any one part of it. He added jocularly that ho would take card not to quite Kipling, but would consider what message he would send, and- he would give It to his Interviewer later In the day.. Major Phlison medical adviser to Lord Hope toun, regards the Earl's complaint as a sovere attack of acute dysentery, which is a very serious malady in India. Tho Governor-General was very lili when ho boarded the steamer at Colombo, but had Improved con siderably during the trip. He was still very weak, but was rapidly growing stronger, aud was now able to sit out on deck for a few hours every day. He hoped the Earl would be sufficiently recovered on his. arrival at Sydney to, go through the necessary official duties, but the doctor would not allow him to participate in social functions for the present. Major Phlison will romuin with Lord Hopetoun until his complete recovery from illness." AN INFORMAL RECEPTION. At 7 o'clock In the morning the Mayor of Fre- mantlo (Mr. E. Solomon, M,P.) paid an Informal visit to the Governor-General on board the Vic toria. Tho following officers attached to Lord Hopetoun'o staff were 011 board: — Major S. C. Phllsoii, R.D.M.C., medical adviser; Mujor Hon. C. Willoughby, military secretary; C. S. L. Gore, Esq., secertary; and Captains B. Corbelt and S. Duff, aides-de-camp. Shortly after 11 o'clock the Administrator (Sir Alex. Onslow), the Premier (Sir John Forrest), tho President of the Legisla tive Council (Sir Jatnos Leo Steere), and the Ministerial party, called on his Excellency, and welcomed him to West Australia. The visit was of an informal character, liis Excellency desiring that no function should bo held on ac count of tho state of his health. As tho R.M.S. Victoria swung out about 11.45 thero was a large crowd at tho Quay, and when IIIVIL iitta biiu uut u nuuii uiaiuuuu uuinx'eu tuu vessel and the throng, tho Governor-General appeared at tho rail of tho steamer. Sir John Forrest led threo rousing cheers for Lord Hope toun and another was given for Lady Hopetoun. Lord Hopetoun smiled and bowed his acknowledg ment. When eilenco was restored ho said: "I hope that I will como to see you very soon. 1 hope that I will be in belter form then than I am now." Tho Governor-General then called for cheers for United Australia. These were heartily given by tho crowd, after which Lord Hopetoun wished tho people of Wost Australia "Good-bye," and disappeared from the rail. At 12.50 the lost lines were cast off, and tho steamer was promptly swung round with her head seaward. Amid a round of hearty cheering, led off by the Premier, tho Victoria steamed out to sea, and tho last, for some time to como, was seen in West Austra lia of tlio first Governor-General of the Australian Commonwealth. 