SIGN'S OF THE TIMES. . By CHARLES M. SHELDON, D.D., Author of "In His Steps," &c.; Preached ia Christ Church, Westminster-bridge TV»a<J 1 d-m^irm />?i JstmHav .Trf-lv 1 _ My friends, tie words I have ebosen for the message Which I liave been allowed to bring to jou ore tie wards of Christ our Lord as He faced the Pharisees and Sad ducees,. and said: "Ye cannot discern the signs of the times." If Jesus were here in this great city now, what sins would He retmlie with the greatest indignation? Some of the sins which we retake He seemed to pass over lightly, and some of the sin6 which we do not emphasise He did; ami it would be wortli while to study the Gospels for the sake of trying to find out what kind of transgressions provoked the most intense passion of our Lord. But .we know that there was always one kind of sin which always provoked fie righteous indignation of Christ. Always when He faced #these scribes and Phari sees or Saddticees He flamed out with tremendous indignation against them; and when we ask why, it is not hard to find an answer. It was not because these men were great criminals; they were re spected citizens, they were in the best society. It was not because they were immoral; they were, so far as we know, clean, respeetible men in their moral lives. It was not because they were irreligious that the indignation of Jesus was roused when He faced them, fdr they were very religious people; tbey went to church, they said long prayers, some of them made a sttfdy of the Scriptures and a special study of life. What was it, then, that roused Jesus' indignation whenever He faced this particular class of men? It was because these men stood right square across the path of human progress; because they would not see the signs of the times in Grid's great worid where He was making the history which they in their foolishness thought they were making. That was the reason why Jesus was roused to His greatest height of indignation whenever He faced this particular class of men. And He would feel the same to-day. The same class: of men has. existed in erea-y age of ;tihe worid. T3ie Pharisee, the SadVineee, who wHL not discern the signs of the times, lives i now. He lives (here in this great metro-; poiis; fee lives in my country; he lives in every country. The man w<bo blocks the paih of all human progress, which goes out towards man and tip towards God, he is the man who to-day would merit the jujSt and righteous indignation of the Son of God and the Son of. Man. And so I want you to 62i"trk-^sdth me as we are met together face to face, sOEs. and daughters of one loving Father-all of us in the world for a great pnrpose, none of us for a little one; ail of us with great powers in thE way of opportunity and privilege to bless tihe "world as we pass through it, going .this way but once, never to l-staro-I waxrt j'on to .chink with me as we are met in this great solemn con course together, of some of the signs of the .times in which we live, signs that ace so plain and clear that if 'We open <onr eyes >we.. can discern .Hhesn, ami if we do not aee the signs at the itimes in which we live Jesus wt0 nebuke us for ifi. If He in. actual living person and presence were 'here to day and He saw as in any way ofostmiding the path of 'human progress, He Would say to V3, as He said than, with an indignation whidh arn jKit be measured by human words, "Ye canmot discern the a?gn-a or the times," and tflren the saddest of oil wotda found anywhere in. ?fih-e' Gospefl fol low, wfaere it says, "He left them and de parted." It is a sad thing in a man's Kfe when he walks away irenn Christ; bat it iB «. sadder .thing when Ghost walls away Srotn him. .'He left tibpse . men arxl de* -.^actgd; -with tlrem nor for them, because they shut their ej'es to the niO'Vemeut-.-: of God in Hw ouu workl. Now, we live in a wonderful age or , the world, at tihe last of this century, at the beginning of a new one. It is worth every - ? -tihing to live now, 'tnon^h^ it 'hits always . ibeen worth wlrile to 'live, if we have 'lived wish a right, purpose; bat Chere never a time -in -tihe hfc^tory of the -world iviicn it was more worrfli living than it is right nwy. For the "world was never so good as it is now, there were never so many good peo ple in it, there were never so many winces working for che accomplishment of God s purpose; and right now is the most 7o1cs--h.'(1 time in ail -tihe 'history of this great world ?when it is worth nMe to live. A RELIGIOUS AWAKENING. AtwI one of tie first signs of the times in which we now live, one of ?rihe signs of tie times which Jesus wants us all to see, is this 'beautifully hopeful fact-There is be ginning a real, earnest, deep, religions awakening of the -vtfhoile world. Now, at first, it almost, seems as if that statement were not true. For -when we ?look out over t'he world we find wars and rumors of wars and commotion, and men appear to be .at war with one another, not only on the battlefield of physical life, but in "the arena of thought, and even within chat tsnctuary itself. And yet it really be lieve in my heart, as I look in your faces, I do believe that in the history of the king dom of God we have come to a crisis after a period of four hundred years, dating from the great Reformation, Where the world is listening, as it never listened before, to the voice of God. And it is not .through the channel of a creed, or a dogma, that the world is 'barkening to Him, but rather through that awakening consciousness that conduct has come in to take t'he place of creed, so far as creed has stood for for mality of life, and conduct stands for real character of life. It must be of interest to you to know, as it came to me through a dear friend of Mr. Moody's, who was with him the las=t days of his earthly life, and lie told me this, hearing it from Mr. Moody's own lips; the great evangelist said before he passed over-"I regret, to leave this scene of earthly activity for many reasons, but largely because I would like to take part in that opening of the new century in what I might call the new Evan gelism." That is the interpretation of the teaching of Jesus applied to daily life in the ramifications of all its conduct- day by day in business, in politics, in journalism, in the world of amusements, everywhere seeing What teaching of Jesus applied to man's daily life; thai: he called -the new Evangelism, and expressed 'his great regret .ifcait he might not live to see it. But already she signs of its promise are upon us. Men wHi-o are doing God's work in the great purpose of the world are be ginning to see that, after all, without the ?multitude's need, wMrou't that masses yearn for in their hunger of -the heart, is that Jesus -should be translated to them in .terms of every-day life right where they live. And already evangelistic meetings of a certain kind have begun in America, where the preacher ?preeen'cs Jesus as a liv ing personal reality of to-<lay, and crowds home upon -the listener's Jieart and mind the necessity of following Jesus as an ex ample in the daily life where ?mnn is to Jive," and then letting great audiences go home, bacft into tihe .#109, back into the house, fcick into the school or 'the news paper office or tiie editor's room, and tliere trve the life which Jesus wants us aH to live. Dr. Hill is, who stands in a pdfpit honored by Henry Ward Beecher; told me a few days ago that lie expected this fall and winter to leave his people for two months, leave therm to themselves. He .-aid, '"They have been preached to and preaxihed to, and their fathers, and theirs before them, and 'chey know wfoat is right; and I am going to ask flhern to left me go out and face the great multi tudes in the cities and on the streets, and preach to them this Gospel of Jesus ap plied to daily life." That means some thing, for with 'him -will go some of the re presentatives of some of the largest churches in America to do that great evan gelistic work. i I like to think that the signs are very many which go to prove that over the whole world to-day there is an expectancy, a waiting for, a new birth from the Holy Spirit, such as the "world has never seen; and I would like to have you men and wo men brothers and sisters in the great house hold of the faith, as ye go out into this great city and look at the men and women who seem indifferent to the Church, who never come within its waBs, think of tJiem as having in their hearts hidden away, which we cannot see, but which God can, the yearning wfter something better, the yearning after ' God, -which should find fruition in the daily life which they are obliged to live. And I ask you to open your eyes and see this sign of the times in which we live, one of the most hopeful signs the world has ever seen; let us see it; let us not hear Christ rebuking us because we cannot diseern this agn of tie times. THE TREMENDOUS LOVE OF MOSEY. But another sign of the times in which we live, and this appears to contradict the very first almost, is the fact that all over the world to-day there seems to be a tremendous love for money. The god of wealth seems to ex'hibifc himself in ways never before ^hown to the world; and we can illustrate here indefinitely the ways in wihkfli the power of money has seemed to get control of the da£ly life -of this civili sation of which we boast so much. We find tihe grip of gold running a great deal of the business of the world. We find its grip on the liquor business, we find it within the sanctuary itself; and one of ISie things which Jesus would >do if He were here would be to scourge the lovers of money out of His tempies of worship. In America I can. speak from actual knowledge of factE which, shame us as we look them in tihe face, and yet God does not want us to rihut our eyes to them-only a little while be fore I. left New York, certain men who have it in their power to collect capital, concentrate capital-that Anglo-Saxon ac quisitiveness which, w"hen used for personal gratification becomes one of the most denKdh things in the whole world-^that power had called together a little group of men, and they had gathered all the ice in tihe market so that they controlled the out put and the price of ice. Now ice in Ame rica is a necessity, not a luxury, and these men, tihrough, that greed of wtii-eh Paul speaks, when 'he says that 'love of money is the root of all lands of evil, 'had it in their power to say how mucSi ice should be sent into No-.v York; and little babies and little_ drfldren in the slums of New York and in -the stifling towns died that week, becaase they could not get ice and because these men, through weir ssfcairic greed, combining, would not sal! a piece of iee amaH enough to be bought for five cents; and in ibbe great Judgment Day I verily beikjre tie charge of imtrder may be laid to those men's doors. Why, it costs twice as much to btrild a house now in America, where I live, than it did eight years ago. Why? Not because buiiding material is any scarcer, not because timber rend stone and iron and mortar are any less common than tthey used .to me, but simply because men who trave this Anglo-Saxon acquisi tzvenesa, and tins power to mafee wealth rapidly, faajve combined their energies, faarvo seized upon tie common necessities of life, ticrogs -wtoicSi you and I cannot live w33i ont and develop as God wants its to de velop-they have eazed on these eotamon necessities, and #ien have dharged four their use what they please; and I say it costs twice as much to burld a iHKnan dwelling to-day in the State where I live as it did eight yeas-s ago amply on NJhfe account. Tie gigantic formations of capital which have seized upon almost everything which belongs to tihe necessity of human life is one of the signs of the times in my beloved land. And yet tncre are signs of promise even here. For men and women, more and more of them every day, are rising up to ask, "How can we make our business thorough, and thorough Christian^ as it ought to be?" Young men are facing the question, and they are facing it with great loss, they are facing it with great cour age, the courage that used to make mar tyrs, men and women that marched to the stake. We sometimes ask ourselves the question-If 't)he necessity Should arise that we should be called upon to declare our allegiance to Jesus Christ as .His disciples or to lose our lives, how many would march to the burning pile, or be beheaded, or be torn in pieces for the sake of their faith; how many would rise up and say, "I will lose everything for my love to Christ?" That is not the test to-day, but the test comes to mem in business: "Shall I lose this money, instead of making rt, by following Christ?" Let me cite you an instance, one out of thousands that coane to one continually. A young man, I say this is.one of tie hopeful things that go with this sign of the times, this tremen dous grip which money has on the world is making a struggle after a Christian life, a young clerk, in a chemist's shop down east a thousanu miles from me, and 'he says, "I tried to put into my life, What fforna Jesus do? and the mornjng after I put it into my life the proprietor of the shop asked me to do something wliich was Lot right. I had been doing it ail the time, the other clerks had been doing it; it was legitimate, but it was not honest; and I could not do it because I knew that Jesus newer would do such a thing; it was dishonest; He could not do it, 1 could not. I refused, and the pro prietor dismissed me. I went out, and after a little while secured a place with, another ? firm dealing in the same goods, and they | sent me otrt on the road to sell their goods ' at wholesale as a commercial traveller. A few days after I had secured this appoint ment, orders came from the head of the firm to do a certain thing in the sale of goods, wliioh was always done; it was legi timate, as busncss is conducted in America, but it was not honest. I knew that Jesus never could do it, and I refused, and my dismissal came in t!he nexlt mail, and I have gone 'home." And he closed his let ter by saying, "Mr. Sheldon, do you think there is any place aiywhere where I could be a Christian?" j I made a round of all the business I houses in the city where I live a few years i ago. I visited every business man and en : quired into his business methods, and I found very few who were willing to confess that they tried to conduct ; every department of their business ac cording to the teachings of the Ser ' mon on the Mount and the Golden . Rule. Moat of tnose business men con j fessed to me that they did not try to do it, and then most of them said, "Love I does not pay in business; you cannot love your neighbor as yourself in business, and make a living." I ask the business men of i London, this greatest city the world has : even seen, "What animates you as you go into your shops to-morrow, and buy and sell and get gain? Do you love your neigh bor as yourself in the midst of that trans action, or do you feel compelled to say that in the particular business where you are, as it is conducted, you cannot love God supremely, you cannot love your neighbor as yourself?" I simply leave the question with you. I say we face this, one of the greatest signs of the times in which we live, a sign not without its hopefulness; yet I do'not see how any Christian man or woman to-day, looking into the commercial life of the world, can avoid a serious thought whether as business is ednducted whether the search for wealth, the greed for more and more, the competition with one's neighbor, does not rub_out the love which God wants us to have In our hearts for our neighbor all the time. I speak for my own beloved land, and look upon it with sorrow, yet all the time with hope, be lieving that young men and women are rising up everywhere to raise the standard of Christ and enter into business life ; even as they enter into the chamber of prayer, beginning and continuing and ending their business affairs even as a man , should go into a service where he was to preach and pray for the evangelisation of . the world. The Lord help you to conse ( crate your business life to tie glory of God! THE DAW3T OF BROTHERHOOD. But another great sign of the times, and here we come to an exceedingly hopeful fact, is this:-All over the world there is dawning more and more a consciousness of the brotherhood of mankind, men are be ginning to ask more of others, "Is he my brother? Is that my sister? Is it really true of these masses out here in the streets, men and women I do not know, I cannot know in this world-is it. true that the man who works at the hardest labor, that the girl who works in iiie kitchen, that those who toil about us oc every hand and make us more comfortafca;, is it true that these men and women are our brothers, our sis ters, in God's great family?" I say the world is beginning to ask this question as it never asked it before, and it is one of the great signs of the times that Jesus want; us to see. What do you think of the man next to j'ou, in the shop, on the street! What treatment does tne girl receive who works at the humdrum toilsome life in the house, the household drudgery? How do we think of, the man who toils for us in the dark and dangerous places of the earth, or the man Who works out on the 'bus, or the mail who is on the raalroad tram; the ser vants, of life wfe> give away their lives in toilsome energy thai we may be more ccon rartaMe aad more happy? How a'bout the great masses upon whom Jesus looked with compassion? I sometimes 'chink tihait one great sfen oi' a man's conversion is the feel ing 'he !has when be iooks out on a great crowd of people that he doesn't know. Do foil love people? Do you love the great dirty, disagreeable, uninteresting mass of people that flood 'the cities? Do you love them as you 'tJhinlk of them as" possible re deemed souls through Christ? 'Hben that is one indication liliat you are a saved man yourself. For as we go our ways we mus: remember, friends, brothers, and sisters, in the great 'honsehold of God, that He love; all, that more and more He is making it. plain to the world that He caitne into the world 'to sarve, not simply the interesting people, 'She good-looking people, the wealthy people, the weil-to-do, the well born, "God so loved the woria that He gave His only begotten Son that whoso ever believech in Him should not perish but have eternal life." Oh, may G<x3 helf us to see -this sign of the times and aei upon tij remerrtberiiig thai all aibout lis men and women are dying for need of gym pathy, far the spoken word, far the siieni yrayer, for the deed that might lift up ano eimoble, and mafee good the Efe whiel otherwise goes its way neglected, because we do not see in 'tSie men and women alboul us men made in the image di God. Hejx: i us, Lord, to see them all aa Thy children ir Christ Jesus! THE LIQUOR BDSKES3. And then another great sign of the time; i -and this is apparent to everybody; oil, we all see this sign, we would be blind, indeed, if we did not see it-is the tremendous power of the liquor business. I feel proud to think that I live in a city where, for nineteen years, not one drop of intoxicating liquor has been sold toy law, and I few grander yet, if possible, to think that my ome and my church are in a city, the largest city in the world, of which it could be sa-id that there is not in it a single pub Iic4x>use. We count it in the State of Kansas on all sides a gain in every particu lar that we 'have a prohibitory law, and it is one of the wonderful things to me to think that this people, so great, so wonder ful in its history, so powerful in its inven tions, so marked by the finger of God in so much of its history, faces this gigantic evil of the ages with wonderment and bewilder ment. 1 have seen more drunken men. in Glasgow, and ftat most beautiful city in the world, it seemed to me, Edinburgh, and Dundee, smd London, in less than a month -I have seen more drunken men and W0r men-God save them!-than I have seen in ray own town in twelve years.. We say ttedt 4!he wiiie of a man is about six hundred dc&zrs; a year; that is, .a man who works a machine, who produces, iV>r the good of 'the world, ra wonth about six ifaundred dollars (£120) a year. Tepreseots in value ten thousand doilnts (£2,000), and -wfcen ttert man drops out of the ranks of organised labor fchroogji drunkenness, when 'he is no longer aibse to produce hirf equivalent of two tihou^sd pounds, thai nwch property is destroyed economically for the world. We reckon thest we have 700,(KM) drunkards in 'the Uni ted . States-the census gives us 700,(M0 drunkards. Now, if the State of Kansas had its ju^t proportion of drunkards, we would have 16,000 drunkards in our State to keep up our proportion in "the United States. Instead of that, owing to our pro hibitory law, we ihave less than 3,000 -drunkards. Audi if we sold the . mailt liquor- every year that ?the other. Staites sell where there is no pro hibition, we. would sell from 100,000 to 3,000,000 barrels every year. For ihe State® that surround us aire whisky States. Indi ana, Ulinois, Iowa, Nebraska, Missouri, Min nesota, Colorado, Texas, Utah, every year, according to the brewers' -own returns, sell not less Chan 100,000 barrels of malt liquors, and some of them 3,000,000 "baj-rels, while Kansas, with its prohibitory laiw, sells 7,000 barrels all told; and we reckon thai in tliis way we save 35,000,000 dollars ( £7,000,000) every year to tfat'SftCte. Eco nomically, we 6av this great law of prohi bition pays. Oh! but when'you came into the life.of .the home and of the community -every where we say it pays infinitely. 1 cut out of the daily papers a little wihile ago for the benefit of my people, dippings from two newspapers that came to me for ax ' days, ell the accounts Of crimes committed in the United States Which, were traced j directly to men under the influence of I liquor. I did not cut out any other ! crime, but just simply the crimes that were traced by the paper itself right back to drunkenness, and then I pasted these strips .together-aa- I cut Shea- outfor-six .days irom two papers, and made a roll of theni and brought them into my church on Sunday morning, and asked one of my church oih Cera to take 'hold of one end of the roJi while I held the other, and it stretched clear across the church. Only two popera for six days! If I -could have cut out all the accounts for a "week out of all the news papers of the world, all the crime of the world which could be directly traced bad: to intoxicating drink, I would have had enough, newspaper clippings to have covered the whole church inside and out. And yet we face this great gigantic evil of the ages, and we face it trembling and; afraid, because the grip of money has ita clutch upon tie men engaged in it. One of the most sad things I have seen since coming to England' was in the city of Liverpool-a printed list furnished by lie brewers themselves of clergymen and men w!ho belong to thei Church who 'hoiid stock in brewers business. I say ifchat at is one of the sad dest .things I have seen in all my life. To; think ilhat even within the sanctuary of God's own people the love of money has a hold so strong that the 'liquor business is entrenched within the very citadel of tie house of God. 0 let us pray, friends, for mighty deliverance from this gigantic wrong; pray God and believe dshat the time may, come speedily when we should be content with Moaning less than the entire aboli tion from ofi the face of the eajtfh of this tremendous foe of the ages. CHBISTIANTCTf. There is a sign of the times which is . very hopeful as we »pass on to look at God's great world, and that is tihe fact. that the different denominations of tihe world, representing different sects, are swiftly coming together to do fch^ Lord's work in a common cause. This isona or the most hopeful signs- of the times that we face to-day. I can remember, thait When my father began to preach in a little country town in New Yoric State he was not on speaking terms with the Methodist minister in his own little village. We have sixty-seven churched in the city of Topeka, twice as many aa we ought 1» have, and yet these brethren are beginning to understand that _ the only way to do itie lord's work is to come together in His name and work together as "brethren in one cause. And we have found in our Christian, Endeavor Societies-and this will interest the young people in this tremendous organisation flor the glory of God-we have found that we have a power-we have always had it bnt we have only just discovered it-a power for righteousness in the political life of th« city where I live. A little while ago-foe we are continually fighting the liquor evil it was possible for a man to be nommatal and elected mayor of the city who was a. whisky man, and w-e looked about £or some means of deliverance. Misally we found a man, a Christian man, who was on the other side, and then we gathered together our forces, all the Christian Endeavor young people of those sixty- seven churches, and we found that there had grown up in those societies since they had been formed something like one thousand young mea and women who could vote. We got them all together, and we taid-"Here, let' ua apply the teachings of Jesus to our citizen-' &hip; we believe in good citizenship." We found we held a balance of power in fha;t town; we organised, we nominated our Christian man. for mayor, we worked1' for 'him, and we elected him, and be sits in tne mayor's chair to-day dispen sing justice in the city. I say chas the hosts of Christian Endeavorers, the young people of this city, and nil the cities of -the world who belong to this great organisation, ought to feel their power in civic righteousness, for the re demption of -this great world, which belongs not to the devil bat to God. God help us to see this sign of the times. I feel proud to say, and believe that the clrarehe&t; ot America are ewkcH; coming together in the organisation of righteousness and tho Kingdom ctf God. to build it up regard less of mrme, or sect, or outward creed, in tihe "Jove of Jesns t/hri^; and of one an other. - THE HONORED NAilE OF JESOS. And, then, friends, last of all, I want to. mention .as ,-tibe most .'hopeful .sign of all the times this glorious fact-There is no name in all tShe world to-day more honored^ more revered, more loved, than the name of Jesus Ghridt. You haive put up in your great eatfhedrals, 1 notice as I walk through them, the statues of generate, of naval 'heroes; you put up on your pedesbaJs, oa vour monuments, men of war, men of physi cal might, men who have distinguished themselves on the battlefield. I believe the rime. will come an England and America when in our ohurches, ia our great cathe drals, instead of putting in the places of honor the men of o-looa. we w±Q put there in those niches of honor the missionaries of the cross of Jesus Christ. For the world to-day does love Jesus Christ as it never loved HiTn before, and men to-day are will ing to consider the question, "What would Jesus do in daily life?" as they never were willing to consider it before. For you and I do not ask, What would George Washington do? what would Abraham Lin coln do? what would Mr. Moody do? what1 would Mr. Spurgeon do? Whac would John Knox do? Great, good, and glorious men as these were, leaving their mark on the history of the world, we nevec think of stopping with them; but the busi ness world and the world of amusement and the world of young ambition is willing to stop and ask, "What would that pea sant of Galilee who lived 2,000 years' ago* what would He do?"-not back there-oh,; no! but what would He do here and now,; in my place, as I try to Kve my life as Hei wants me to Hve it? What would He do?i And I say that over the worid to-day mea aTe asking this question as they never! asked it before. They have always asked' it more or less. To-day we say one of the signs of the times is the fact that Jesus is really enthroned in the hearts of men, deep down where they really live. Even in this city, which seems so careless and reckless, and where, if we were to go out now we would see things on the streets thai -could not be talked about; where, if we went into certain places, as) I went fourteen years ago, we would see' s'ghts that never could be spoken of; yet,, even in spite of thai,_it is true that through the heart of humanity there rises a hope for better things, and God is enthroned to day in millions of hearts that we do not know anything about, and Jesas is loved as He never was loved before. Tie lord help us to see this sign of tihe times! If He were to came here suddenly, what would you flunk of Him? If Jesus were to appear here in this congregation, or out on the streets, what would the multitude do- tQ Him? Do you think it would crucify Hinf again? I sometimes think He would be crucified out of society, He would be fcffled' by fashion, but as for the great masses I believe that the peAple would love Him, and they woutd near Him g3a*Qy, as they did when He trod by the shores of GaHee.. Oh, I beg of you, men and women made in God's image, go out into the. world and be hopefal for it. But apply the teachings ,of Jesus to your life; see these signs of the 'times about us all,'and in the midst of the, great rush for wealth.. and power ana acquisition, let us ail stop to hear tie voice of God speaking to us as never in any age of -file world, "My eon, my daughter,, follow Me, hoz-r Me, obey My com mandments." "Blessed are ye if yoa do the things that I command you," raid' Jesus, And it ia of no avail to say thai we go to church, that .we hear the choir, that we read the Word, that we wen kneel and pray, unless after we have done all that we go. out into the world and fight ; the'good fight of faith, following Jesus even though He lead us up Calvary, remember ing that after all we shall rise with Him in the resurrection of 'the just. The 'Lord .help us, every one, as we have need oE help, to strengthen our good* purposes, and guide us out of this service to. His glory, in the blessed name of Jesus our Lord. 