Victorian Vice-Regal Ball. THE SCENE. THE first ball given by the Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria and'Lady Madden this season, was attended by all the sparkle and brilliancy associated with a gather ing in which the brightest elements of Society prevail. Friday night was an ideal one for dancing-starlit and mild. There was no biting frost, not even a moist atmosphere, and the guests were lodged at the Govern , ment House steps in bright mood for a xnerry night. At nine o'clock the ballroom began to show signs of ani mation. Family parties and gay bevies passed up the room, and programme-filling began its leisured career. There is never any haste in this matter at a Vice-Begal Ball. Certain friends are expected, and programmes are not to be filled indiscreetly. It is a recognized thing that the beauties and stars of the evening are the last to arrive. Then, no heed of hurry, my pretty gentle men, who like to shine in the radiance of a star, or share the smiles of a beauty. Bright uniforms gradually began to stud the scene, and scarlet threw out its bold glare in the midst of much silvery sheen. Medalled breasts blazed beside diamond-lit corsages, and be it said-bald-heads shone in mellow modesty next to towering head-dresses, trickod out with bright gems and gorgeous flowers. Staid councillors and their grave families sauntered into sight on the heels of laughing chattering bevies scintillating, rustling, dispersing various lights like gems of the first water in a favour able light. Because the" ball-room is their natural setting. Elegant dons,-their heads deferentially inclined to their companions in conversation, strode up the upper part of the room where the galaxy of gay spirits gradually increased. Shy debutantes clinging to their chaste bouquets, walked demurely at the side of heart swelling Mammas who experience mucJj^oy^e^teepicla tion in lauriohing their pets on the wstflctfif^^tjBteS'oqgan. City Magnates', with a bright airySf^pi^spenwj/fi^^a degree of bulk, entered breezily/.with t^eir ladies, and joined their jolly ooUeEra^jfis. ycSrf|ps^i stood about in groups with the Eight' Hour'£1?^o'tto%Tt£ their hearts that " Union is Stre&gfcKy;," Cffebolue'l?-' spirit peregrinated, and returned wKfcjvthB prcri|gtee qfi introduotions to his shy friends. T^Q^jnaryvoL'fdi^ with the savoir fairs of the fashionaoi©'' ^llVb-wQniari\ passed in with an easy stride, bowing to ri'ghy ⅈ"d\left, and settling at' last, with, the most swagger set-of-bM circle. - Consuls with a string of medals adorning their coats, and a foreign air, wandered into view, with a watohful eye, bowing low to occasional friends. Of all men, foreign Consuls are the most suave and punc tilious. Representatives of polite nations should be so. Solicitors sailed in with a proper degree of dignity, and discriminated between the respeatful smilos inspired by clients and the oheery flash of recognition bestowed on friends. Veterans of the hunt-field, the professions, and the militia, shambled along, and greeted their gayer contemporaries. Medical men of fashion passed among their friends, with a bon-mot, or polite phrase ever on their lips. The more studious members of the faculty- smaller figure in the ball-room than the operating theatre-^walked in the footsteps of their flippant^wives or modish daughters, content to bask silently, dog-like, in the shadow cif the beloved. So the elements mingled, till the ball-room buzzed like a giant saw at: work, and the scene, took on its full measure of brilliancy. * - . »-.. * . ' # At half-past nine the hand, struck up'the National Anthem aud the orowd broke up, leaving, an open space down the centre of the hall for the Vice-Regal party. All eyes turned towards the south .entrance from which Lord and Lady Brassey always made such an imposing tour with their gay* suite. For many minutes eyes strained to oatch the iirst glimpse of the hosts, but at' length there was a,, laugh, and the dlsoovery was made that they had very quietly made their entranoe from the drawing-room to the dais-suoh a short oourse to navigate a prooession that even those nearest saw little of it. That was nothing. The spirits of. the,spectators revived,siand when the music of the Lancers began, the danalng-spaoe was cleared, and the majority gathered round to watoh the few sets that had been formed. After that, the evening spun merrily on its course, the young people clanced, and the graver souls mingled in sweet converse, or chatted over their wine- cups. . ' # * * Many paid their devoirs to the Lieut.-Governor and Lady Madden after" the opening Lancers, and the debutantes -were duly presented. There was a large flock of these fledgelings, notably Miss L. Madden (daughter of Mr Prank Madden), Miss, M'Gee (daughter of Mr John M'Gee), Miss Woollard,. Miss Power, Miss Anderson, Miss Lily Evans, Miss Lightfoot, Miss Cogh lau, Miss Fitzpatrick, and . Miss Irving. . White satin and lilies of ,the valley were' the usual wear, and the bouquet 'formed the usual adjunct. Miss Madden's frock afforded a little variety, being . cut in the fashion of a Princess robe. Round and about the dais were Mi's. Stephen (mother of Lady Madden), Miss Madden (sister of the Lieut.-Governor), Mrs Frank Madden, Mrs Bing ham, and Colonel Campbell, whose office it seems to be in the neighbourhood of Sir John's family, while Lord Richard Nevill was everywhere, having a few words with everyone, seeing everything, in a word omnipresent. Lady Madden sat on the dais most of the evening, a glittering figure in her bright green brocade, owning plots of flowers about the front of the skirt and b dice, and finding additional scintillaiion in the green sequin trimming. When she was not chatting to her lady friends, the Russian Consul, Judge Molesworth, or Colonel Bingham, annexed her gracious attention. Miss Buby Madden danced more than usual, and offered a .charmingly dimpled hand to each of her partners, for she wore no gloves. A frock of black and silver tracery over white satin had a greyish effect which was enhan ced by large tiger-lilies of cut steel. One of these formed the central ornamentation to the corsage. Another blinked brightly in the beautifully dressed hair. Miss Lesly Madden -was a girlish figure in befrilled pink. She, also, danced without gloves-a fashion no others have yet followed in the ball-room. Treasurer ..Shiels was in excellent form, and joked with all his wfriends, in turn. Mrs Shiels was a tall and notable figure in green. Janet Lady Clarke shone as one of the ifaost radiant Graces in the scene. A gorgeous grey gown of the palest ash shade, broke up into flounces of ; rich lace, but owed half its effect to a blaok chiffon sash grossing from the left shoulder and fastened with long ends at the waist. Black tiger-lilies made praiseworthy dashes on the corsage. Lady Clarke was up in every dance, setting an example in eleganoe of waltzing. Miss Mary Clarke was a pretty refined figure in eiel blue satin splashed with black, one deep red rose peeping from the lace of the shoulder. Sir Frederick Sargood with his three or four medals and official air, left his political friends, and took part in several of the square dances. Lady Sargood who is one of the most inter esting of talkers, with just sufficient sly'humour to give her remarks the salt of flavour, looked on at the dancing throng with an appreciative eye. Like a number of the other leading matrons, Lady Sargood wore grey, aud many diamond ornaments. But the most brilliant of those sporting line jewels was Mrs Septimus Miller, who was a dazzling figure in her salmon-pink satin, with its eleotric lighting of silver lamps-which is to say, orna ments-and orowning of glittering gems. A superb tiara rested on her fair coiffure. She was, besides being the brightest, the daintiest figure in the ball-room. Still another matron illumined with many superb brilliants was Mrs. Sylvester Browne, whose frook of grey brooade found relief in laoe furbishings. Mr. Auilrew Rowan's white head was conspicuous in a grout) °£ sporting friends. His family wore amongst the tallest dancers in the room. Mr. Walter Coldham, whose wife was a very fair figure in white satin with gold garniture, treated his friends to his' rollicking humour, and rounded off every pointed period with a jolly laugh. Mr, Walter Madden, Mr. Frank Madden, Mr. Murray Smith, and a party of politicians, whose dignity does not admit of bail-room capers, formed a knot of the most serious-eyed spectators, and when not discussing politios or philosophy were probably mar velling at a certain quoenly figure treading the oirollng measure of a waltz. Mr. Gyles Turner walked about with deop thought writ large upon his brow-an im pression not removed oven under the blandishments of smart matrons like Mrs. Tucker. His wife was a more animated figure, though a pile of snowy hair crowns her well set heacl. White hair is the accompaniment of unusual brightness also in Mrs. Willoughby, whose husband carries the weight of 'Press gravity always about with him.. Their daughter 'was "one. of the smartest frockers in evidence.: The round ? little figure of Major. "Watson was here, there, and everywhere. He has, in spite of his years, like Colonel Appleton and Colonel Templeton-all the soldier's love and zest for dancing. Probably the biggest red coat in the'ball-room was filled by Colonel Bobertson who, too, takes rare zest in a jolly set of Lancers. ' Two brides-Mrs. Mon tague Cox and Mrs. Gordon Lyon-were in white, th.e former in a frilly net over-dress suitable to her slim figure, and the latter in a severe satin with a sash of emerald green. Mrs. Iienry Butler was one of the'moat handsomely frocked matrons, a gorgeous grey- silk frilled with chiffon half way up the skirt, ? finding charming effect in clusters of violets mingled with green and red ribbon choux. Among, her handsome jewels was a French medallion encircled in diamonds. Mrs. Bingham was a sweet figure in cowslip yellow;'a real lace polonaise covering' it. Judge Molesworfch-one of the few wearers of the judicial peruque ? to-retain a full share of gaiteii de occur-entertained" bis wife and her friends in the liveliest fashion,, and formed a sharp contrast to a sporting coterie near by, whose busi ness in life being pleasure, look gravely on the'grind stone world seeking to distract itself. Mrs. Moles worth's blue confection with helpings of point lace-was an elaborate one. The Consul of Portugal-Mr. Jack--sported , one of the brightest scarlet uniforms. The Bussian Consul Monsieur N. de Passek-tookmuch evident,pleasure in a dance with Miss Buby Madden. . The Hon.. C. .Harris was another much interested partner. The. Fisken Brothers-among, the finest looking beaux in Melbourne -with their smart sister-frocked in white satin with scarlet fixings-formed an attractive family party. . Mr. and Mrs. W. Croker and their daughter were models of smart dressing and good taste. Miss- Geva Biddell Sfcanley-one of the simples t-frocked beauties in the ball-room-was in white satin and net. Mrs., Prank Stephen and Mrs. Norton Grim wade were two.' bright matrons in black scintillating frocks. Mrs. Bobert Power, always the centre of an animated group, was h> riohly-frocked figure in a ficelle skirt and a pompadour top. Among the Camperdown charmers .was Mrs. Willie Manifold in the palest shade of pink, on which a black chiffon sash struck a bold note. The two daughters of the elegant Judge Hodges were fresh girlish figures in white, Miss Irene showing a sash of hunting-pink, her sister, a spangled over-dress. Miss Eva Robertson was greatly admired in a fiery pink satin-tho summer sunset hue-strikingly slashed with gold embroidery. As she is a tall.dashing, girl, the style was singularly effective. Madamo Dejardin was one of the many. matrons garbed in grey, yellow roses with a diamond ornament setting off her Spanish -looking head. -Her daughter was a merry little figure in^ whitei" and, once more, hunting pink. The Baronne de Langen hngen was a typical French figure setting off a sluvpely figure by a Grecian Princess robe, round -which ran a border of the historic walls of Troy. No flowers or any ornamentation were adopted. In the reception aud drawing-rooms, fires invited the elderly, the cold, and conversational. Here, a classic don broke a Jance of wit with Melbourne's loveliest matron; Mrs. Septimus Miller talked of her travels with an old friend; Mr. Edward Fitzgerald enjoyed a tete-a-tete with the fairost of his partners,. ,and here, mild flirtations were kept fanned by the secret mechanism of the hearts emis saries. So tho gav evening passed, with intervals of sheets aud sandwiches, nothing more. The majority romained dancing till one o'clock when Oyston's baton begau to beat the air rather wearily, and the strongest Orpheus grow.limp. By this time also, the crisp white bouquets that had so bravely helped in .the white satin show, drooped their heads, and gave up the ghost. Then it was quite time for the crowd to get itrf carriage .and drive home-which was done reluotantly, with a back ward glance at the late soene of so much gaiety and brightness. 