GUARANTEE SUGAR MILLS. THE QUESTION IN THE HOUSE. Those who predicted that Thursday would be the closing day of the session, and a short one, were doomed to disappointment, for Mr. Philp sought at the outset to introduce a bill which presented, as it transpired, many elements of dissention. It was a bill to amend the Sugar Works Guarantee Act, and a corollary to a vote of £100,000 passed on the Loan Estimates on Saturday morning. Anticipating objection, the Premier re- marked that if it proved contentious he would not go on with It. But it was de- sired to build two mills—one on the John stone, the other on the Mulgrave, and to effect repairs to others ; and although the wisdom of going further in the Central mill system might be questioned, since the exist- ing mills had not proved an unqualified suc- cess, he reminded members that such works rarely were remunerative during their first years. Mr. Dawson, who had called "Not formal," explained that he had so acted in protest against such a bill being brought down at so late a period. As a matter of fact, the Premier had agreed to close the session last week, yet now he came along— notwithstanding all his promises—with a most contentious measure, containing prin- ciples to which the Labour Party strongly objected. He held that the sugar industry had been unduly favoured, and in order to bolster it up others had to suffer. Mr. Fitzgerald had no sympathy with the Government, nor had he much in common with his leader on this particular question. As a matter of fact, a loan had been pro- mised by the late Hon. T. J. Byrnes to the Johnstone River, and besides there was no surprise about the business, because the other night a vote of £100,000 had been passed on the understanding that a bill would be brought in to advocate it. And if the bill was not put through this session practically the whole of the land on the Johnstone and Mulgrave would fall into the hands of the banks, and "that octopus and monopoly," the Colonial Sugar Refining Company. This criticism of his leader, mild enough may be, caused some little mirth among the gentlemen sitting opposite, some of whom, at the same time, indicated their objection to the bill by interjection. According to Mr. G. Thorn, the whole ques- tion of sugar growing and the central mill system demanded very careful considera- tion before any further financial aid was conceded. Mr. Armstrong was on the side of the Opposition, too ; in fact, he was with Mr. Dawson, and the announce- ment prompted an invitation to "ecome over." The suggestion was ignored, and the member for Lockyer went on to ad- versely criticise "these constant attempts to whitewash the central mills" by funding the debts in the way proposed. But his real objection seemed to be rather against the fact of the agricultural industry, in its other branches, feeing allegedly overlooked year after year than anything else ; for he said plainly enough that he, as one of the representatives of that industry, would vote against any further pampering of sugar until justice had been dealt out elsewhere. The debate so far had taken place on the motion that the Speaker leave the chair, and when Mr. Armstrong had finished, Mr. Morgan was allowed to give place to Mr. Grimes. In Committee, for the introduc- tion of the bill, Mr. Turley fiercely assailed the Government, who, he said, had placed the amount on the Estimates, rushed them through in the small hours of the morning, and then declared that members would stul- tify themselves if they did not pass the bill, and he said straight out that he would exhaust the forms of the House in opposing the bill to the death. In response to an invitation from the Premier, Mr. Turley temporarily resumed his seat to allow Mr. Philp to speak. Mr. Philp briefly denied that any trap had been set, or that anything underhand had been done. As, however, there appeared to be consider- able opposition on both sides of the House, he moved the Chairman out of the chair. This in itself was a surprise, but a greater was in store. Both Mr. Givens and Mr. Glassey gave indications of temper. Mr. Givens rose first, and he went at his leader and Mr. Turley in a way that was entirely novel. He did more than this; he de- clared that he was returned to assist the the sugar industry, and if he did not do that now in connection with the bill, he would have won his seat by false pretences. Under these circumstances, and in view of the fact that he could not ally himself with any other party in the House, he would, immediately on returning to Cairns, place his resignation in the hands of his constituents. Mr. Givens said much besides, including a threat to block if possible the votes for "the palatial buildings in Brisbane," but his chief string was resignation. He "fetched" his leader, who distinctly repudiated the statement of his colleague that he (Mr. Dawson) was allied in his opposition with the Colonial Sugar Company, and that the bill was being withdrawn because of the opposition of the Labour party. And in this view he was supported by Mr. Philp, who declared that it was the objection of both parties which had prompted him to take the course he bad done. He believed in State aid, but he wanted State aid in equal doses. Mr. Browne got home on Mr. Givens, whose speech he described as "blatant talk," and that of an interested party who tried to drag his colleagues to support him in a matter affecting his particular district and against their principles. He showed that he and others had always fought the Guaran- tee Act. The trouble involved a strange blend of parties. For instance, Mr. Cowley championed Mr. Givens, whose speech was "an eloquent one," and not "blatant talk." And having whitewashed him, he endea- voured to show how sugar-growing in the North benefited the Southern farmers, and how the industry was being hardly dealt with. Indeed, it was sugar against the world. Mr. Leahy's opinion was that the relief proposed was no relief at all—that was, it might relieve the mills of their overdraft, and place the debts on the shoulders of the State. Further than this, the bill laid down a principle that had never been contem- plated, and he asked where would the in- dustry be if federation said black labour must cease ? Where would the Government security be ? Mr. Glvens did not mean to lose any ground for want of a little wind ; his reply occupied the best part of an hour. Towards half- past 7, several other members saving spoken in the meantime, the Premier reminded the House that there was not a ghost of a show of passing the bill. Why, then, beat the air ? The objection was not so much to the bill as to the time at which it was introduced, and he promised that the bill would be one of the first brought down next session. Mr. Glassey interjected that this ought to be satisfactory, but it wasn't, and the talk went on much as before. It was 8 o'clock before sweet reasonableness reigned ; and the Chairman was allowed to leave the chair. 