On the Way to the War. By Father Timoney. THE LAST DAYS ON THE HOT SEA WAVE. FOR FOR "CATHOLIC PRESS." [This letter from Father Timoney arrived a few days back. It was written before the article from Beira, which appeared last week.] S.S. Atlantian, Off Zululand, Monday, April 9. It is not an easy matter to write about nothing. I have but scant news, and I am not favoured or gifted in the way of creating news. I willingly leave that business to the gentlemen who sit at home at ease in high- back chairs feeling the pulse of the motly crowd whom they call "our spirited citizens." To us who have been 40 days on the open, lawless ocean, belong thoughts that lead to noble ends and objects. We ponder over the past and regret we cannot live it over again. We think of a future bathed in sunshine on a land so far removed from the sea that our beloved Atlantian can never reach us or the sound of her fog- horn startle us from sleep or recall us from the romantic land of dreams to the watery, rolling deck of a troopship. I am reluct- antly forced to admit that among us there are some not yet "saved" who would pre- fer the "pots of Egypt" to a view of the Pyramids or of the graceful Sphinx. The few epicureans on board fall in with the sentiments of a cynical poet, who in a mo- ment of lofty mental flight, addressed a few touching lines to a dead pig. "When thou art one among us at table, O adorable cochon, cher ange." Corned beef with salt and pepper is just the dish with which to commemorate great events, once in a century, such as the battle of Waterloo. But when it is daily served up at table, one longs for the days when the world was young and when some apples remained still cling- ing to the trees in the garden of Eden. To escape from Capetown, from its hideous population of semi-civilised denizens and its civilised population of robbers is a great relief to every man who remembers his mother's teaching, and who still enter- tains a respect for the Ten Commandments. There, as on the day of Pentecost, one could see Jews from all quarters and climes under the sun, expect from Australia, where our friends are of a very different type. There are disreputable Christians as well as greedy Jews. In Capetown the Hebrews stand in crowds of 20 or more at every corner, and seem to discuss the financial problem. They are unkempt, and have not the air distingue with which we are all familiar in Sydney. When the war is over those gentlemen will be wealthy enough to rebuild the ancient kingdom of Israel, a country in which articles will be sold at half price. As I write we are passing Zululand within a quarter-of-a-mile from the wooded shore. On the long sandy beach one can clearly discern groups of natives, some squatting on the sands, others roaming about in a desultory way and peering at us from their shaded eyes, It is not wonder- ful that these warriors should fight for a land so fertile and lovely in which they can live comfortably without labour. A few thousand of your domain squatters should be sent here. It is certain they would give up old habits and never return to their former haunts. The steamers along this coast are frequent, but as they pass in the night, and we have no heliograph, news from the seat of war is wanting. However, in thr course of a few days, in a week, we shall dash into the jungle tropical of Africa, and repeat what is vociferously intoned every day on board the Atlantian, "So we sing the chorus from the centre to the sea, As we are marching on Pretoria" The paraphraser is too modest to make his name known, but he has found a place in my diary from which he may one day raise his honoured head with laurels on his brow. Yesterday, all day long we hugged the coast of Pondoland, one of the lovliest and most fascinating countries I have ever seen. The country is governed by savage chiefs under a nominal British Protectorate. The Rhine from the ocean to Mayence pre- sents many charming landscapes. So does the Lee between Cork and Queenstown, and the Rhone as far as Lyons. But all these landscapes are tame and domestic compared with those we saw from the Atlantian. The hills are a deep green, and the sward like an immense carpet has unfolded itself to the water's edge. Groves of immense trees relieve the monotony of the scene, and add new features to this fairy country. Rivers at intervals of a mile flow gently into the ocean until finally St. John's River dazzles everyone. Rising in the Drackensberg mountins it gains in volume on its rapid course, as many similar streams unite their waters to those of St. John's, and the majestic river flows placidly with kingly grandeur into the Indian Ocean between lofty mountains unrivalled for picturesque beauty. And as the ship moved on slowly every eye was riveted on this "terra incognita," for everyone was lost in admiration of a land that very few writers, as far as I know, have mentioned. At last the fringe of the glorious panorama faded in the distance, and I thought how sad and melancholy AEneas must have felt when leaving his beloved country and Troy itself to seek the mountains of an unknown land. But he had a weight of consolation on his back in the shape of his venerable pater who, no doubt, murmured words of consolation to him through his grisly beard. We had only haversacks and kit bags to console us. One practical Australian expressed the wish to have 40,000 acres of this country for a sheep run and for raising cereals. I am glad to say that no man on our deck has since recognised our prosaic friend, whose conception of the beautiful was circum- scribed to a sheep run. As we pass the last woods of Zululand the landsoape fades from my sight. Some other great writer has expressed much the same sentiment, "peace to his ashes," for he was a true poet. Once more on the wide ocean, but wanting the society and music which Byron found by the deep sea, we pass Delagoa Bay, and again come in sight of land. By the way, what lovely names the early Portuguese gave to the many lands they discovered ! How great is the contrast between the words Delagoa, Algoa, Natal, Sofala, and some of our own terms such as Snails Bay, Longnose Point, Pinchgut, Tom Ugly's Point. Readers can supply many other local names, the sound of which makes one's hair stand on end, as did Macbeth's in the presence of Banquo's ghost. After all, what is there in a name ? The Bushmen think little about Shakes- peare. They are all as busy as sailors who never strike. The Lee-Metford and Lee- Enfield rifles, with their latest death-dealing improvements, are being numbered. The blacksmiths who do not work under a shady chestnut tree, but under a tarpaulin in a temperature of 100deg. fahrenheit, are turning out horse shoes by the dozen. The storekeepers are handing out light "khaki " uniforms. The saddles are ready, each carrying on its hooks one's furniture for dining-room, bedroom, and kitchen. Everyone is busy preparing for the week. The doctor has just distributed tabloids of quinine and powders to ward off the dan- gerous malaria. Having taken one of the powders I can say from sad experience that I prefer the malaria in its mild form. Two very exciting events took place this morn- ing. A large shark followed the ship for two miles. There are some who think it was a Boer spy disguised in the harmless exberior of a shark. It was too early to bring the rifles into play, and the monster escaped without injury. Another very welcome visitor addressed us all from one of the masts. He was speaking an unknown tongue, probably Portuguese, for no one was able to follow his well-rounded sen- tences. It was evident he was in an excited mood, and was apparently denouncing us. In the midst of this eloquent harangue a sailor made his way "pas de valours" up the mast and seized the orator from behind, placing a bath towel over and around him. In spite of loud protestations and threats of international complications the burly cockatoo was put in irons, but he continued to speak from the cage, and threatened violence against his captors. But the bugle sounds the officers' mess, and away we must go from the deck chairs. If one is but half a minute late he must apologise publicly to the vice-president of the mess. I had some weeks ago procured the music of these bugle calls, but it was only yesterday I came across the words which usage has conse- crated to the calls. In the present instance the sweet words are: — Officers' wives have puddings and pies, While soldiers' wives get skllly (bis), But puddings and pies don't together com- prise To make officers' wives any better a prize Than soldiers' wives, who get skilly. (bis) The author of these touching lines is un- known, but some day or other there will be erected to him a statue on the Thames em- bankment. Therefore, "breathe not his name, let it rest in the shade." We are now steaming along the coast of Lorenzo Marquez, about the 20deg of lati- tude, and expect to reach Beira in the early da.[..]. The coast is flat and uninteresting. 