' 11111 ' ' 1 1 1 " SHO RT STO R Y- About a Necklace and Something \- .'Else, I am a coward; it is no good saying I am not, for I am and I know it quito well. Some pooplc say I am brave', some oven strong-minded, but thut is principally becauso I don't mind about inico and blackbeetles, . and, novor seronm when I am frightened; none the less, really I am a coward, as I think this talo of tho haunted room will show. It was Christmas timo, and I was stay ing with my friend, Dolly Vanhorough. Dolly is a. sweet little creature, as lovable and fair and lively as I am the revorse, which, of course, tends to make us the greater friends..., Still, though we had been school . chums, I had never stayed with . bur. , till tliat Christmas, and so did not know her people. I was rather afraid of thorn, thoy were "very . rich, and quite kiugs in their own country, with a. big old house and . lots of company. Dolly's brother Derrick I was afraid of too ; ho was much oldor than Dolly, vory clovor, and .gravo and silont— rathor a terrible poraonago. And, to make matters worse, Dolly, who is the dearest little dunco in tho world, persists in believing mo clover, and in trying to impress other people with hor belief. "However, Mr Derrick was very polite, and pretended ho liked talk ing to 1110, and never appeared to bo aware of my mistakes. His mother and father, too, were so kind, and inisted on my pro longing my visit indefinitely. Altogether, I qnjoyed myself; in spite of the haunted room. , I slept in it. It was not supposed to be- much haunted, and for along time I heard and saw nothing. No one boforq me seemed .to have been particularly troubled, the only objection to tho placo boing its distaneo from tho occupied part of the house. I first saw my ghost when I began to inquire into his story. I did not do this very early iu my visit. It is truo I asked Dolly about it soon after my arrival, but she knew nothing, and thon thoro were so many other things to think of, that; I forgot to seek further particulars, till one evening at dinner iny neighbour bogan a ghost conversation. Of courso, this reminded me of my haunted chauibor; and I applied to the goneral public for information. Unfortunately, I could not get much. All I could gather was that for nearly eighty years the room was supposed to have been occasionally visited more by piysterious noises and wandering lights than anything else ; even these had ceased entirely, for a long time. The date when the haunting bogan was at the death of Dolly's great great grandmother, when also a vory valuable diamond necklace disappeared ; some shadowy tradition con nected these facts in a tangled way. I was very interested, of course, and asked heaps of questions, among others whether thoy had searched my room for tho neck lace. ' Oh, yes ; they have turned the whole house out of window one time and another,' Mr Vanborougli said. 'For my part, I don't altogotbor believe in that necklace. I have a fancy that it was privately sold, and its ignominious end concealed by this story.' I do not think Mr Derrick agreed with his father, and Dolly would have nothing to do with bo unromantic a conclusion. She and the younger guests agreed to institute a search the next day. Of course nothing came of it. If you had seen them looking you would not have wondered. Anything more utterly unsystematic I cannot imagine. The search itself was in no way important. It was tho night after that my experiences of hauntod rooms began. 1 had been asleep some time when some ; slight' noise woke me; I am a light sleepor ' ana the least thing rouses me. I was InMrvncr Vlrnnrcilv Wmrirl na aim /Iaaq ati ' first' waking me up at once. Tho fire was out and, except for a littlo moonlight, the room , was very dark. Plainly, in the ' patch of light, I saw, between two planks of the floor, which was polished and only ' furnished on the matoasis principle, tho fingers of a hand. I was simply petrifiod ' witli horror at the sight and lay bathed iu cold perspiration staring at it, too fright- ' oned to scream or move. As I, fascinated, watclied it, .'I saw it creep along the edgo of the board for the space of a foot or inore ; then, as its progress uras towards tlio bed; I gathorod together all tho little courago I had and gasped, ' Go away, do go away.' . ' And aB if it had heard me, the hand ' went creeping bock again and vanished I It was long before I slept again, but at \- last I did, and with the return of daylight ' I had a return of courage. In fact, by ; morning, so brave had 1 become that I ' examined the crack between the two boards 1 where the ghost hand had ap- ; peared. ' To my great surprise I discovered that by forcing it a little way and pushing with a strong comb, I was able to slide one < plank back a couple of inches. Through the aperture thus made I could seo nothing owing to the darkness, but by tying a pocket-knife to a piece of string and using it as- a plummet, I found tho distance below was considerable. The old library, the room under mine, wub very low, I knew therefore it was easy to imagine there might be somo sort of hiding hole between the floor of the one room and the ceiling of the other. I questioned Dolly about it when I saw her alone after breakfast, but she knew nothing ; I wished to kcop my adventure to mysolf, so I was not very explicit, I am afraid. In spite of my intentions of secrecy, there was one person who found me out, and that was Mr Derrick. Quito . how he did it I do not know; he guessed part and compelled me to tell' him the rest.1 Of course, he wanted me to give up my'rooin in consequence, and, of course, ! would not. AVe both behaved rather queerly about it, I faucy, for when I flatly declined to sleep anywhore else which I did partly from obstinacy and partly from fear of being laughed at), he asked me to do so 'for his sake!' And I in return : begged him to allow mo to keep my room one more, night. Aftor somo hesitation 1 lie consented to do so on condition that I 1 would leave my door unfastened. I went to dross for dinner early that night, and took upstairs with mo some lone tacks. : With those, using the heel of Blipper as a hammor, I fastened tho big- gost mat in the room over tho sliding- board. Then I hud a thorough hunt in all the likely and unlikoly places I could think of for the necklace, which, needless to say, 1 did not find. During dinner, howovor, I found something olso — a hand very liko my ghost hand! Thore is a wonderful lot of differenco in hands; my ghost hand, whioh was naturally very clearly impressed ou my mind, had short fingers "full of little creases and very knobby joints. I noticed, when lie was pouring but some sherry for mo, that B unnel, the butler had a wonderfully similar hand. ' This interested me very much, and I set to work to find out all I could about the the man. I' learned that he was a most worthy person, and had sorvod tho A'an- borough family from boyhood, as his father had before hiin. Indeed, the latter liud beon in tlieir service at the time of the disappearance of the necklace. I did not toll anyone ; about tho hand coincident ;, I thought : it best, because,, you see, there really wus very; littlo. to go upon j uLl the same I could not help think- ing about -it in a really foolish fnsbion that, night. What with that and specu lating about Mr. Dorrick's behaviour, whicn had been most perploxing, I found when, having looked under the bed, I got inside it, that it was quite impossible to si en;). I lcopt looking from the mat- covered board to tho unlocked door, and thon back to tho board again, and thinking and thinking of— oh, lots of things, till it became quito dreadful. At last, unable to Btaud the strain any longer, I got up and wont to tbo fireplace, and stood staring at the now low and smouldering fire. ' The room was quito warm, and my dressing, gown was beyond that horrid sliding- boai'd iu a dark corner, and I am ashamed to contest I had not tlio courago to fetch it. Tho firo, as I said, was getting low, and/and, as I had no fancy for being left in tho dark by its expiring altogether, I turned to got some wood to replenish it. As I stooped I leaned ono hand against tho woodwork of a panol by the lnantel- pieco for support. Suddenly it gave way beneath tho pressure, and I nearly lost'iny balance and quite lost my nerve in conse quence. Hastily withdrawing my hand, I poked up the fire, and, still shaking a Tittle, proceeded to exainino my new dis covery, of course brimming over with tho idea of finding the necklace. Tho aperture so unexpectedly revealod looked liko a small cupbonrd, and was not more than twelve or fourteen inches anyway ; it was, moreover, quite devoid of interest, aud absolutely empty. I had come to this con clusion — it did not tako long to do so, See ing that it could be discovered at a glance — when another idea occurred to me. Supposing this secret cupbonrd was only the ante- chamber, that it contained, hid den in it, the entrance to another P Such a i/umg seouieu possiDio — inaeea, notning seemed impossible in my surprising rooin, especially at that bour of night. ' Accord ingly, I felt and poked all round the Bmall" pluco, not forgetting to keep an eye on that nailed mat. All' at once, something clicked, gave — and then thero was a thud — a snap — aud the spring had closed again as suddenly as it had opened- But it had loft some thing outsido, something that had fallen down when it had opened — what was it ? I turned to the firelight, with a mad excitement shaking mo all over. No ! Yes, it was — it was really the lost neck lace I Thore it was, folded in paper, lost for years, but glimmering, glowing in tho firelight liko drops of crystallised light ! And I, spellbound, held it, admiring it as only a woman can udmiro diamonds, oblivious alike of door and board. And then suddenly a hand was placed over my mouth, a weight was flung on me from behind, and the next instant the necklace lay a pool of light on tho floor, and I was looked in deadly combat. I am strong, very strong — girls are nowa days — and I am stronger than most, and though I was taken unawares, I was no mean adversary for my unknown foe, hampered as he was by long white draperies suitable to his role of ghost. I am afraid, unwomanly as it may seem, I dearly love a tussle, not quite ouch an oarnost one as that was; though I some how know then that it was a matter of life and death we were fighting out as we rolled over and over on the polishod floor. A matter of life and death to bo fought and fought alone, for my own room was so far removed from the rest of the house hold that I might even then have been murdered without their knowledge. Was I so far removed from everyone ? How was it, thon, that the door flew open, and a man rushed in, and, divining by in stinct between the two struggling figures, dealt the ghost such a blow, reducing him to silence ? How was it, and who was it ? AVhy, Derrick I Yes, Derrick, who had watched all uiglit in the next room, tho old disused picture- room, and who stood with pale face and trembling hands, all fearful for mo ; Der rick, who picked up the necklace and hung if rniivifl m\r tiool/ on/1 irnwA/1 »< n » wuu UU VUU should wear it but me; Derrick, who gathered me in his arms, aud then apolo gised, and then asked mo if he might, and — oh ! I can't toll any mora I Just a word about Mr Buncell, though. It appears his father had stolen the neck lace and hidden it until ho could find a convenient opportunity for selling it. The opportunity novor came, and owing to his sudden death, the exact whereabouts of hiding-place was never known. His son, who had spent much time looking for it unsuccessfully, believed it to be hidden somewhere in my room. When I10 saw the unexpected publicity given to tho story, and tho energetic search mado for the necklace, he felt he must tako desperate measures, aud carry on the hunt himself; and, as lie was unable to go to the room in the day without causing remark, ho deter mined to do so at night. If by so doing ho frightened me into giving up tho room, ho would no doubt have been very pleased, as he would have had the coast clear. Tho spaco between tho library and my room and the sliding-board, which was one of the two ways into it, had beon made during a time of religious persecution, it was believed, but its oxaet history was never known. Tbe secret cupboard and its hidden spring wore probably con structed by Buncell's father, who waB weU versed in the ways of locks and springs. There is really nothing more to tell, except that no one has over worn the neck lace but mo. Mrs Vanhorough says sho is too old for such things, and Mr Aim- borough says it becomes his son's wife, ospeecially as sho found it, and Derrick says— well, lots of things. — U. L. Sin- BKIU1AD. 