DRIFTINC}. By the Eev. E. Ernest Oolenwm, Of Chelsea-street Baptist Church, .Notting ham. Preached in tne Queen's-squane Union Church, Brighton, on Sunday mourning, e Cksbober 28. Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things that were heard, lest haply we drift away from them. — Hebrews ii. 1 (R.V.). The force of this text depends, to a large degree, upoaft the reading in the Revised Version', which calls up the picture of a drifting vessel, and applies it to certain ?perils to the religious life. The dangers to human souls are not ? unlike those which threaten/ vessels in. their sailing— 'they may be oivertabem by. sudden disaster, when the heavens are anight, the sea calm, and every thing promises a prosperous voyage; or, on the other hamld,'they may silently drift away from *hek'- moorings, and be carried to destruction), lulled by; gentle breezes, and ?with the wavelets playing sportfully about them. There are some who aiie ovemnas tered by the anight of a sudden temptation which takes away their breath and leaves them, at the mercy of a mesmeric spell; their will is bounn, as though by stronjg cards, so thait they only dare to do what 'their evil genius prompts. They are over takeny suiipriBedy struck as by light ning finom a summer ?? sky; and almost before they know it mischief is done which % years of effort and_ of tears oanmot repair. The more eerioue danger, (nowe\rer, as tlhe more common one, tfhat of slow and isteakMy. driWng, gxaidiuiall as 'tibe approaoh of e^'enSag shades. Because ?tllie stream is smoo'dh, tlhe current genltle, and no peril seems (to loom, we lose tfhe oar, or leit go 'tihe rudder, and lie Languidly in lihe boait to dream, \v-h:ile wind and tide, carry us wlhitflier tihey will. We avi'akeibo find ourselves, 'all, all alone; alone on a wide, iwide sea,' wftihout knowledge or ekil. Ihow too Steer the bark, and not know ing wdiitiher to ?sfteer it, if \\\\-e could. It ougih.lt -k- aiWa'ken anxdety, if alt does not awake alarm, w'hen a. man 'beholds 'nhe ob jedte dear to him in youtfh as landmarks growing diin and gradually disappearing in 'Hhe distten'ce, while tlhe dianniel widenis, and an- unknown ee«L -wJt)h unknown perils, is before Ihim. Unless we know thait we are andhoredi wd'ttti an andhor sure and stead fast, in ground where 'no ?fcreadhery lurks, it ia never safe to lose command or to cease from earmeflt wa^ohfulness. Alas! 'how many are tUve're vftxy awabe, in, panic and oonfuaion, when it is! -tx-p late, to diamgers tjhaib might 'have been, .foreseen and avoided. Bu(t langour, indifference, dreamy repose, like downy narcotics Shaken from Whe wing.,-. of nigihit, - have faillen upon 'tihie soul, and it b'as drifted to the rocks, lulled bV soft and skum brous muteic. 'When things once held eacred become common; wlheni duties once held dmipenative lbeoome matters of expe diency; when Divine truth becomes merely the material of academic discourse or de bate, a bauble for logicians to play with, or for rhetorical jugglers to toss from hand to hand; when truth is so divorced from life' IJhat it Ceases to be a matter of con cern what a man 'believes, or whether He believes anything in any valid sense of the word— Avlhen we go without a shiver or a 'blustti into undertakings that once would 'have ibeen out of court — it is well, at least, to ask whether we have not been driven out of our course, or have not drifted from safe anchorage. I wish to speak of this danger of drifting, specially in regard to two crises of life— 'the two 4-eing really one. (1) In t'he transition from t!he beliefs of childhood to the faith of mature manhood; (2) in passing from the rule of law to the life of liberty. BETWEEN CREDULITY AND SCEPTICISM. In the transition, from the beliefs of childhood to the maiturer faith of manhood. It is here thait many make shipwreck, 'in the place where two seas. meet. In early life we believe on authority— authority of the land of Mr. Balfour maintains to be tlhe substance of -even our more matured . reli gious ibbinking. We accept the word of i parent or teacher with more absolute, and implicit trust than ia after years we accept itfhe dogma that is hurled at jus witih all the thunder* of Papal infallibility. Unquestion ing belief is the natural attitude of the j child.-. And it is right that h should be so. j A child in whom scepticism and suspicion are found ia'ttdhhingShc-rit of a' freak of nature, a moasrer 'for. ,cuidofi study in mor bid . psychology. It is better for tihe child — so long as he is a child— to. believe and swallow anything and everything^ (silly nurses' stories of ghosts and bogies in cluded) than 'that he should cultivate the habii of too cautious and suspicious ques iionijnit. Because the time comes when he goes up to the ghost and challenges it, and know* dt for a ghost, and laughs at himself for ever having been ifirightened by dt. There' comes to all; healthy minds the period of i-evenepit scepticism, .wihen old beliefs art» examined an the lig)hit of ina turar- yeaire, and - -are-'- sifted through the eievef oi experience; ^6 ithat tihe man may be wWe to say . ito Y&b; teachers, like the , SaraAritanB in. the.Gioiapelj 'Now we be ldevej mwt iwcause of '. thy. saying, far we have (heard Him ourselves* and know that tfliia m indeed tihe Qhriitt' It ie ineritaJble that' in:a greater or (a loss degree this experience of the tsLft.ing of beliefs cAiould come; that our childish ideas ^on religion should undergo change, b«in4' stripped, of much,. and, perhaps, having muen- added :to- m&m.; ? It would be a poor ooanplknent ito pay either to ourselves or our religion, to profess to hold 'ifae truth precisely as we did in cMdjhood, 'w^eh -we ifflioug'hlt, ; sWoke, and understood as the child; and*:.that while w« fcave had jnany' dhiidirili tilings to put aw(ay,none of Vxur rellgioiis notions are amorie them. These childish thoughts on religion %ve 'been compared, to the blbeswns of spring, that willbe shed and soatikerad to .wue wands, iovefy as. they are, befoi* the ripening frui't can apijfear. And tihe i4pe0t fratts of the . religious life can only^oom© 'where— by a Bcepticfeni' thait is not £^ii and wLritry, but gentle, kindly, ayl ;«j))d natunal,. as *the breath of spring— tine ^temporary and -luneaBemtial elemenlte ihave\\*9en tenderly remoVed. Bdt.it is eflso t^e'That ' livihere pprjajj'S'Bod 'ojp^ma' are limpwusLhaads, aelhoiigh.- tfhey' we're nathina w«i*5m in 'tihft harsesfc.' .eeaeon, (men sTuaJl seek --*-r fruit andfia* p&ne.;' ...W^wlh Into bt-~\xS~tihedj btfCwi© tejritper 'Tvhftfli cita; fling njm^y ^(n.1 -sM belief ligh*ly BJid Jaiuntlfy as'lt oadfcoff gormenit of whroh the wearer is heartily tired, is (hopdesaly trivial. Still more so is the temper which can scoff or make cheap fun at any rfltal faith held by otibexto, defer to them 'Vas saoramenttal wine to dyipg lips.' On the one 'hand, it is idle to repeat the words of an old formula from which all tihe life and meaning h-ave gone, as a substitute for -tihe laving utterance of faith; on tthe ether (hand, let us beware of letting go too easily anything that may have tihe breath of heaven TriWoin it. It is h'ard to say which is the more odioug— tlhe indolence and hypocrisy that merely pretend to 'believe by - tne recitation of creeds that might as well ibe ?written in an unknown tongue; or the levity that vaunts its dis belief, and has the effrontery to look with fsoorn, instead of wdth envy, upon those who still count some things pre cious. Any faith, which has life in it; any faith, 'that as, which can help men to live, making saints holy and heroes Strong — any belief ?which can guide men in duty, comfort ithem in sorrow and loss, and be their hope in death— any such faith, however mixed with superstition, is to be touched with rever ent hands. And if we find ourselves driven from an old shelter in which time has made its rents, let us at least leave it as one would leave ? an old home, with gratitude, and regret. It is one of the . most . touching things an the life of Oarlyle that, hard as seems hie outer crust and bitter es his cynicism often is, he could never bring himself to speak with anything but reverence of the form of fai'th under which his father had become a man of granite and his mother the woman most worthy of admiration of all that he had ever known. How, when Carlyle himself had moved far away from the greeds of his fathers, he never forgot that the roots of his life were struck deep in its soil; and how he ?labored, almost 'agonised, to persuade that old Scotchwoman at. Ecclefechan that' the differences between his faith and hers were merely formal, and I&at; at heart he and she believed tlhe same thing! It needs care lest in renouncing ouv superstitions we renounce also the faith which is bound up wdth them, lest finding that^ we have useless lumber on board which must go overboard, we fling over with it rudder, sails, 'ballast, provisions, everything. And what remains, then. when faith has gone, but just to drift help lessly and hopelessly at the mercy of wind and wave? There is a scepticism which is centrifugal in its tendency and which sends the -soul lost and wandering into space; there is a iscepticism wnich is centri petal, and which drives it the closer to the truth that is at the heart of the universe; the one blurs and distorts the image of truth; the other only shrivels up the use less and' mischievous accretions that have gathered about it, that Ihat image may stand out more clear and fair. If we are dislodged from the region of vain specula tion, let us seek the firmer ground of the trutn as it is in Jesus. Pay earnest heed to t/he things which you have heard lest you drift away from your faith, and your manhood lose its vital force, the life of all vigorous action, the spring of all high en deavor, your strength in the present world and your hope for the world to come. BETWEEN LAW AND UBERfTY. There is a similar danger of drift ing in passing from the rule of external law to the life of liberty.' In childhood we are subject to authority in regard to our action, the. will of those in command over us being' a sufficient reason for our conduct. In manhood each one has the responsibility of judging for himself what is right and wrong, beneficial and harmful.. There are, moreover, some 'things properly forbidden to children, but permissible— perhaps even obligatory— an mature life. There comes the time when the restrictions and limitations .with which childhood is fenced about may be relaxed or removed. The religious history of the race is re peated in the experience of the individual ; an both the dispensation of law precedes that of liberty. But the period of transi tdon is one of testing. It needs care that we relax no bond of moral obligation; be cause we may now do some things once for bidden, let us not fancy that we may do anything or everything ajf the dictate of im pulse or passion. The law from which we ate released is analogous to that ceremonial law which was destroyed by Chri9t,-only that 'the eternal law. of. righteousness,- of which it was the temporary symbol and shirine, might have fuller expression and higher fulfilment. In our own lives the law and the prophets must not be destroyed, but fulfilled. Law is never abrogated; it is of laijual authority in childhood and in --manhood, and the child is not set free from its rigors until he is supposed to have learnt that,, inner. .spirit, that soul of law which lies' aeeper than precise and particu lar enactments. Liberty is not freedom to do as we:--plea«e; true liberty is freedom to do as:jwe ought. Liberty is a sacred right; but:'he only is fit for liberty who re cognises 'th|! supremacy of duty. We best maintain :Qiuj» rights by bowing before, the imperial majesty of right. It is not now said to ub,*b it was in t*» nursery, 'Don't , go:too ?neaj:;lthe fire;' because we ought to ' have learnt by this time that fire burns, and that its' use is not that of a playtliihg, and if the wire guard has been removed from before the fire it is because we are credited with being no/longer babies,- need ing to behaved from our own ignorance, but' men' 'of judgment, ' sense, and con science. .Instead of being confronted ... at every turn with a code of regulations,; .we are now entrusted with a living principle, implanted within our breast by the Spirit of God— *'J!hy law -is : within my heart.' The,' problems . of . -duty, moveover, are often .made: less simple and more com plex by the possession of liberty. The line of right action has to be determined as the resultant ' of ' judgments and motives, each of which has -to be weighed with something like scientific care, and which do not always tend in one direc tion. Who does not know what it is to be bewildebed and', distracted by ii con fli-$ of- claims, an^l'-yne of .which would be simple, if it' existed alone? We hayfe to thread our way. through the intricacies of thought before we' can see the path of duty 'plain. . And here lurks danger. 'The native hue of resolutibn' tnay become 'sicMied o'er ..with the pale cast of thought.' Let. us .not think that because duties conflict, and one has to be displaced by a' sbnm'ger, that duty itself is a fancys e phantom, the hj^lueWaTiion of minds :dis ordered by superstition. Duty lies ever, in a. straight line which' admits of no deflection; and to begin to hesitate and waver, to ask wMi-the eerpent, ? '^Haitfli the Lord Goi said',' is the beginning of all mischief and of ajl sorrow. Duty remains ever' the' 'sijero daughter. jqfothe voice of God,' yet does 'wear me -Godhead's most benig nant grace.' Once1 recognise a duty ?clearly . alnd ? 'plainly, ana1-5 Tcnour' -that ? it wiH' claim :its;4ue; it is not $o b-I-fillied br wheedled, or ^ cajoled ; dt eannpt be adapted br'sbt tenedi-or re]ax«di - 'Harare is no ?sray out of a^'duty but Khe-way through it. Beware, ? then, of the fifrst -ihbsrtation of cowardice, ifhif :jctat temp*ring.^^rathi conscience, , ..She i -. ^:-,~. ? - v. ?-*-.-;?»?» ?-;:? .. f ??...??: ?, ;-,ji.;.. ' / ' ??'??-?.'. first 4nrninsf -aside from the: -plain; way of simplicity, sincerity, truth, end right. Bet ter Spartan severity and Puritanical strict ness -than the 'tender mercies of the wicked/' which 'are cruel,.- toning down duty, unltnl all its hardness ie removed, as the temperature of a flick-room is adapted to the wasted lungs that cannot endure the mountain, breezes. In our reHgdouB Ife we bare to guard against not only active rebellion and dia olSedienJce, but againlat tihat more subtle evil which takes the form of indoJenoe, neglect, and lethargy. - Perhaps no more invprwsiye exhibition of tMs danger has been pre een'bed in modern literature Whan 'in George Ehot's 'Mill on 'the Floss.' In one eoene Maggie TuHiver appears in a boat on the river oil convplany with her oouein's lover. Hour after hour passes until twilight comes, when dhe awakes with a Start, to find thait ?while she hais 'been dreaming, with, her gaze fixed on Hhe face of tihe man w(ho has £asd« neJbed her, she has been Daken by the stream far from home, Dhat the river to widening, and ?the objects oil Hhe distarit bunks utterly strange 1» her. Her life, too, has been dWftdng. She has outraged no maxim of social reotfttude. Ab the story proceeds it i as diffloult to Wy tlhe 'finger npos any one incidentt, and *o say, 'Here Ae ems or there she oversteps the mark'.' And yet tfoe reader is made to feel that she i$ going, and unless arrested hy some' shod* wM be lost, Thait drifting down the riVer;nm the *wMrt is made by (be subfle artist a picture of tlhe driftbg of Maggde'« Me.- The same lurking peril faeefe every life from the Garden of Eden until now, 'Let us therefore pay the more earnest iheed to the tfliings wiich we hlave Sheard- lest at any time we dhouGd drift away from them.' 