DIVIDED LIVES. BY KTEA KEtTtt, £AW rigits reserved iy Authoress.}. Continued from our last. Chapter XXI. It wantied'but a'-fhrtnight to the' d'ay fixed for Jack HfegTie's wedding, Jack's and Edna Breretfcm'k, the tall dark girl with the mag nificent eyes, who had' won- Jack's heart the very first time' of meeting. Patiently he had worked- his way up, with this consummation'' in view. Now, he was about to meet with his reward, after many delays and disappointments the; lady of bis heart having' consented to; name the happy day. The engagement could not be s»id to have been altogether a'- felicitous oner £L3na was wayward and capricious, seemihg to de light in keeping her lover alternating between the delights of hope'and the depths ofdespdx, and Jack, though the best of good fellows, would occasionally give way to resentment, or was deeply in love, and her caprices vexed and grieved him. But now all this was to' be at an end — with the preparation of a pretty home and the da£e of tie wedding day made certain: Jack's elation knew no bounds. Ednit Brereton-was of good family, being an orphan left without means of her. own. At one time she had held the position of hospital nurse, but her health proving insufficient for the strain put upon i», she' bait abandomed that vocation for the lighter one- of tuition. So long as Kitty Hague required a governess she had remained an inmate of Kondpmtnga, but for the last two years or so she had been teaching the children of a neighbouring squatter, x as girts sun remained mends, our a restraint was between them. Kitty 'resented the off-hand treatment her brother was so continually called1 upon to endure ; an unde fined doabt had' entered her mind con cerning the sincerity of her friend and former governess, and doubt once risen is like some ghosts — hard to lay. Btit' nowthat the fates propitious ssemV,-and the' marriage- was to be an actual fact, Batty tormentedTierself for her incredulity and unbelief, and with a sudden inrush of increased affection strove -by evsry.' meins within her power to atone for a wrong which after all had never passed the regioas of her own iconsciousness. The wedding was to take place from Kon dominga; the small house party being sup plemented only by Dr. and Mrs. Hogarth who would thus pay their first visit to the station since their arrival- in the colony. Beg, in his capacityof best man, put in an appearance Cwithout announcement) a fort night before his services were- required. A singularly handsome well-developed man he had grown, with that well-bred assurance of manner which the knowledge ledge of having the world at one's feet- will give. , With his coming an entirely new restraint seemed to enfold Kitty HagTie, maybe, the constraint was engendered by the reinem* branceof that former parting of thairs, which had taken place upon the river landing-steps, when the- first tremulous shadow of love had fallen across her newly awakened heart. She was no longer the young undeveloped school girl standing where the 'brook and river : meet,' but rather feeling the as yet almost unconscious power of the first, full spring-tide of a young and gracious womanhood, which surrounded her as with a halo, a crown of glory, such as is wom by evety young pure minded' and noble: gjrl, in- the first budding promise of a- rich and full womanhood. Expecting; to take up the friendship where it had been laid down, Reginald was rather dismayed to find her hedged about by a new dignity, encircled with a glamour of which he had not before been consicous' Once upon a time he almost blushed as he thought of it, he had called this young goddess-like creature 'Kit.' Such a liberty seemed inconceivable now ; he could utter naught but a most respectful ' Miss Hague,' the familiar Christian names being discarded, and recourse again taken to. the stiff and con ? ventional ' Mr.' and ' Miss ' such- as had done duty during the earlier days of untried acquaintancesbipi This was all very well for tEe first few days, but was a state of affairs that this masterful young man had no possible- intention, should continue. If she had amused and interested him during his first visit in- her pretty unre strained character of pet and plaything to an entire household, he admired her most ex ceedingly now, more especially when at times forgetting her newly acquired dignity of bear ing her impulsive spirit would break, bounds and extol or denounce in a vehement and wholesale fashion,, while her bosom heaved and her eyes flashed; Beg loved to watch the bright tell-tale color mount to- her cheek and brow as with partial shame at her own excita bility she would turn quickly and walk away with a toss of her small shapely head. ' Where is the blue habit and the small scarlet feather ?' he asked her one day, ' have tfeey to& been laid aside together with some other things I remember equally well ?' ' Decidedly not, I. still- ride, and what is more to the purpose I still ride GJiihko.' ' You do ? then may I have- the pleasure of your company when I ride to Nantawarra. to morrow to get the mail ?' 'Thank you, I shall be pleased to- come if I can be spared, but you know we^are very busy jnst now with this great event looming, upon us.'' 'Ah, yes!' So it is coming1 off after 11 ? Do you happen to remember your vehement imhappiness one evening some years ago when you imagined a certain young lady was playing fast and loose with that wonderful brother of yours ?'' A pretty (bright flush mounted to her face as he spoke, perhaps it was because he looked- at her so intently; perhaps jt was because she imagined'hemight be thinking of other things that had- hap pened that evening too !'? u Did I talk like that ?' she answered very demurely. ' You= can't expect me to remem ber everything, that I said or did so long ago ?'r 'Can I not?' I thought perhaps I raierht gauge your memory equally with my own, it used to be fairly good to me if I remember rightly. However, you must give me time to get used to the ' new Kitty,' I do not know her yet.' 'Nonsense!' she- said, a little impatiently. ' Nonsense ? well I'hope it may be so ! I do no* wish' to lose my old friend, I would like to recognise her occasionally in the- hew and ?ratner formidable Miss Hague, who has arisen Phoenix-like from out her ashes. Perhaps,.' he said in: a. lower ancLmore earnest tone; '-you; :' have never counted: ib atT these- years as I have done, upon the renewal of that good old time we had during the first summer I spent in Australia ?' She raised her eyes slowly and half-timidly to his fece but she did not speak. 'It seems that I have been mistaken then,' he said regarding her steadily, ' time appears to change everyone, I did not think it would change you, you were so child-like and unsophisticated.' ' I have not changed,' she answered in a low voice. He gave her one quick, keen look. 'Have you not? then give me your hand upon it. Beat me no more with this vague dignified restraint, I am- too- ready, too- glad to_ believe what I long to believe that you will be the-sanie gay, open- hearted Kitty as of old. I have missed you so much, everytime I've come to the station since. Why did you always go away when you- teen: L was. coining — answer me that ?' ' Mr. Fielding, will you please release' my 'hand, I think you must forget you are still holding it,' she said, ' How absurd you are, why did I go away ? I might justly retort, perhaps you always managed to. come when : you knew I was absent from home. Believe ' me, so far as I am concerned f never left home to avoid you-, why shculd I ?' *' You did- not ? then I've been- tormenting j nyself for nothing Ji appears !*' ' Tormenting, yourself - Why should you 2' she asked with a; slight uplifting; of her eve .brows,. 'Is ft possible that you amrt imagine why ?' he said very earnestly. j ' Quite impossible ! Hark Rough is bark- J ing— that must be Jack .returned— he is | home- early — pray excuse me,' and she hastily left the roomv In a- short time she returned to say that' -Jack was closeted with his father and1 mother, having something of consequence to communicate to them, and she must ; bag- he would put trp with.; her' poor com jpany for a wfcfle, all with a mocking ^humility which was very bewitching to* :see, but very tantalising all the same ; she' treated him. bo distinctly as a visitor ; she' played' and- sang-; she entertained him all her very best, bjrfj.reininisceneea and par-' sonal reflections were- distinctly tabooed. ' What can father ana : mother and Jack liave to talk about bo long;t&-night ?' she said at last pretending to stifle- a yawn. =? I think Fd better go and' tell them how latent is,' bat even as she spote the door opened and' Mr. anil Sirs'. Hague entered,, while Jack's retreating' steps -were heard going' to his own room. Both parents' looked Bad and grave, while traces of tears; were to be seen upon Mrs. Hague's cheeksi Eeginald, seeing there was; trouble in tha wiffi£ rose to leave the; room-, but Mrs.. Hague- detained him, placing her hand kindly cpon'Jbis arm. ' Do not leave us,' she said, 'you and Jack are Sucre good friends, we can. irave no secrets- from: you,- besides- everyone will soon, have to know of this 'trouble which: has befallen' our poor' boy/' Here Mr. Hague interposed, 'Yes there's no use in making any niystery about it; the truth is, Fielding, that heart less jade has thrown my poor 'latC over, just' at the last mimite as it -wfere: JL former' lover has- turned' up- most opportunely, ? end1 over -goes Jack. . Confound the ? heart less -flirt ; it's the sort of women that play .the- very' deuce with young fellows I' 'Hufeh! my dear, hush! You forget yourself.'1' ' No, I dba't, I could' say a deal worse than that, and not be beyond the mark. Don't think Fm- aftaia for Jack, though, not one bit of it^. it's- cut him up a bit rough, of coarse it has; but he's not going-' to show the white-feather, not he !' You'll' hear him whistle'and sing to-morrow' jusfc the same as usual !' Batty stood' just as she had risen'' upon' her parents entering1 the room; An almost' fierce- expression'- hack settled upon her young face1 as' they were speaking, then clenching- her hands she stamped her foot. 'Father, I hate- her! I hate her! I knew she would doit, she has broken my' poor boys heart,' and bursting' into-- »? fit of passionate tears she fled from' the room. Mrs. Hague quickly followed leaving-' Reg to condole with her husband who was much upset- in spite of his bluff determin ation to make believe that Jack would - resard it lie-htlv.' _ Early next morning Kitty was prepar ing- to mount her horse when Jack saun tered' across the stockyard his briar-wood in:his mouth. ''Where are you off so early, Kitty. ?' he ' asked quietly. Kitty flushed a little and looked rather a-wkwardi- but with a sudden flash of' defiance in' her dark. eyes, she said: 'Fm-going-' over- to- the Staunton's to give some one there a- piece of my mind.' ' You may' spare- yourself the trouble then, my dear, the bird has already flown. Sam, take Miss Hague's horse back to the stable. Now, Kitty, come with me, you and I will take a turn in the garden.' Kitty quietly followed her' brother' neither speaking1 until they reached- the end of the garden where the fence divided it from the river. Folding his arms upon the top rail Jack puffed away diligently at his pipe, while Kitty stood meekly by;. waiting1 for him to speak. The morning was perfect even for the lovely month of November, when all nature (that is, of course, applying to Australian nature), is radiant and glowing ' fall of fair blossoms, deep grasses, and scented herbage. It was still early and the view stretching away before these two silent figures was exception ?Aly beautiful. Bo-iore them lay tiie broad blue river, then just where the horizon met the sky was a long1 line of brilliant amber gradually wid ening1 and' widening as the sun suddenly lifted himself from behind the hills and shot his rBys like some some giant crown right into- the heart of the zenith;- then as he climbed higher and higher every fleecy pearly cloud, and the sky was full of tftemv became of a brilliant rosy pink uatil the whole heavens were filled1 with' ligfit and colour ; the magpies carolled joyously in their full mellow notes to welcome the coming of the sun, and hundreds and hun dreds of noisy parakeets flew in shower like masses of bright grass-green and vivid' ficarlet fronrout the gum-trees where they had spaut the night. Kitty was a keen lover of nature and none of the beauty of this scene was lost upon her, but she saw it all as it were in a dream her own in dividuality being for the present com pletely submerged in the deluge which) had burst upon, upon her brother's1 life. Presently he spoke in even measured tonea To & e- continued. 