ill' fHE CHRISTMAS MOONLIGHT, ^COMPLETE STOSfT] BY IZA DUFFUS HARDY, A.ati ' 1 I um moo of tho Rear Cn ? . ? X-' :r ??? nose,' &c;, &o.; [rir r '?ht I 1LO w.juid aver think it was Christmas EvoF' said Efolon Dnl r y m p 1 e, ! s w a y i n fx with* Sul'- tnnosque 1 a n g u o r and luxury in her rook- ing chair on the south p i ii z z a, looking nt the orange trees bond ing beneath their burthen of ruddy-ripe golden fruit, the tall slim pines, the grnc'efnl 'yellow pines' of tho south, their feathery crowns of foliage traced in delicate pencilling against the burning- azure of a sky almost ton vfvid in its light and colour. It was only Ihe hour after early breakfast, yet the sun beams already poured in a broad level blaze on the piazza, and danced in u dazzle of dia monds on tho lake, that was as pure a blue as tho shining uky. Jt was as fair a scene as the .eye could desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of in voluntary wgh. 'Who would ever think it was Christmas Eve?' 'Isn't, it lovely?' said her sister Mary. with smiling content. Sweet Mary Weston, happily married and settled m this fair Florida home, had ceased to sigh for her native land. ' Yes, it's lovely, if only one didn't see so much of it ! But what I should like to see now would be frost and snow or even a good thick yellow London fog !' 'I'm afraid even John could not oblige you with that hero, though I think he is not very far behind the French king (which one was it ?) who had the ground covered witii salt when the lady of his heart conceived a perverse desire to go sleighing in summer.' ?' John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not the only one that does,' rejoined Helen, srail ns and stretching out her hand to her sister. '' I don't think we've spoilt you, Nell ! ' said Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. ' But I think John would, if he could.' 'He is very good,' the younger sister said, less lightly. 'He is ! ' Mrs. Weston agreed emphati cally. ' And you are very fond of him, aren't yon ? ' with a touch of anxiety which she did not intend to betray, but which was plain as the sun in the heaven to Helen's quick perception. ' Yep, I am,' she answered sincerely ; 'I should be very ungrateful if I wasn't ! But I do. wish he would take me home for a honeymoon trip ! ' she added, with only half- playful petulance, ' Everybody goes to England on their bridal trip.' '?Not everybody, deur.' ' Well, everybody who can afford it, r.nd John can afford anything he likes!' ' But, you see, it is John's business keeps him here.' 'Oh, yes, I know. I dare say it seems just a perverse fancy of mine, like longing for a sleigh ride in Bummer, for snow in this . sunny south.' 'I'm afraid, dear Nell, you get a littld homesick sometimes.' ' '.,.'. 'Do I, Mary?' with a curious smile. -? You think so ?' 'I am afraid so, sometimes, dear. But vou'll settle down all happily and comfortably when once you are married and in your own home.' . ' ' Yours has been home to me, Mary !' ' And you have helped to make it a real home to me. I might have felt a little strange and far-away even with Fred, if it had not been for you. And now I must go and help. Chine make tho cakes.' ?' And I'll come and do the minnepies,' said Helencheerfully. 'No, no, Noll ; I won't have you getting tired:arid flushed over the stove ; John will ? be coming soon.' ' Poor, dear Mary !' said ; Helen to her self, as her sister hastened away on household cares intent. '. She only thinks I am home sick. If she only knew how tired I am of oranges and pinetrees ! And she's so anxious, poor dear, to bo assured that I am really fond of John ! Dear, good John ! the only thing I'm afraid of is that he is too good for me ! But I shall bo able to make him happy, I think. Anyhow, I'll do my best. And I'm sure I shall be happy with him, as. happy as any woman can expect to be, after the first dream is over !' She sighed as her thoughts went back to that ' first dream.' 'Walter,' she murmured. ' Poor Walter ! If he had lived !' ? Visions of another Christmas rose before her; Walter was helping her to put up the holly. They two were lingering over their g4od-night in the hall. He was folding a wrap round her as she went out into the chill of the white wintry nigbt with him to look at the snow glittering in the moonlight. Oh, for that 'white Christmas' of four years ago! 'My poor boy! My poor boy!' Helen said softly to herself. ' 'To think that the cold, cruel sea, the deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his head ! and that no one, no one, will ever, ever know the truth !' She shuddered and clasped her hands, and the bright colours of the sunny landscape grew dim to her eyes. But when John Armstrong, her stalwart lover, came, the smile was ready to greet him on her lips. She was very fond of John, and the past was past ; the present, though it did seem a little dull sometimes, a little pale and tame beside that poor dead past, and yet full of hope ; thanks to John ! Sheltered by his love, surely she would h'. safe from the sting of momory, even from tho insidious gnawing of homesickness. He was so strong, it gave her a satisfying sense of pro tection and safety to he with him. He had t^ie muscles of a gladiator, and yet, with all hw rough, uncultivated ways, the gentleness of a woman. Helen loved the mingling of half rough force and reverent tenderness about him, and often assured herself that she really loved him very much, though she was which indeed were not much in Helen Dal ryniple's way. ? John was English, too. Perhaps, if he had not been her compatriot, he might have found his Helen harder to win. There were mauy English settled in this part of Florida, but 'few as fortunate as John Armstrong. Everything he touched seemed to prosper, and now in winning Helen's troth he had won his crowning fortune— his heart's desire. His sun-bronzed and somewhat rugged featured face was beaming, as he drew his chair as close as it could bo drawn to hers, and took possession of her hand and felt the Hlendor fingers rest in his big palm as if it were their home. 'Do you know, darling, this is the hap piest Christmas I've ever had ? ' ho said. 'Since you wero a boy!' she rejoiued, laughingly. ' But you don't know anything about me whon I was a boy? ' he demurred, smiling in happy response. 'On yes, I know that you wero very much tike other boys ! You were happy when to etuff yourself with mincepies and plum pudding, and pull crackers and play snap dragon, was your highest ideal of happiuess ! And you were happy whon you kissod the Pfirls under tho mistletoe ! ' 'But never half so happy as now that I ?an kisB my girl without the mistletoe ! My own girl ! No, darlincr, there's not a soul in sight! You arc my 'own girl, aren't you? Helen, darling, wlnit would you like to do to keep our- Christinas to-morrow? Shiill we have a drive in tho evening and a picnic: supper in the woodR by moonlight?' ' A moonlight picnic on Christinas night! Oli, John, where is your .sense of (lie fi King- ?'' John looked puzzled. 'I want, to do anything that would please you, dearest. What would plciiHo you?' ? ' Oh, I don't, know. Perhaps a good old fashioned English frost, or a London fog. or a Ble'gh-rido !' recalling her conversation with her Bister. 'Nothing I can give you?' ho said, with 'a shado of disappointment. 'John, dear, you're too gnod!'nho said, witha sudden gush of tenderness. 'I don't deserve that you should get me anything ! Mary said to me just now that, she thought I was a little homo hink — and I suppose t.lint.V just what I am ! Oh, John, couldn't wo go home in spring on a little honeymoon trip ?' 'I'm afpaid not, darling; ^perhaps hchiio t:mo, but not now. Helen, can't, you bo happy here? You know I'll do all I can.' ' Indeed I do know it, you are the best aud dearest of old Johns!' she answered, more lightly, with her sweetest smile. 'Helen,' he said, after a thoughtful pause, in which his genial face hail grown grave, ' do you know that I fool sad Hrnno times, fearing that, this life here won't content you, that you'll bo thinking of Engtmd ;ik ?home!' And I wonder sometimes whether it isn't because it was in England that — that you remomber vim told me. darling, blw your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keep any secret from me, my sweetheart; ! that there was — some ono you — liked there — some one who is dead.' 'Need we talk of him ?' said Helen more coldly. 'No, no, darling, not. if it hurts you ! But it hurts mo to think that there's a pain in that memory still ! I'd like to take all pain, all trouble, from you, evon any pain of the past ! I'd draw the sting from your memory if I could ?' ' No memory can sting me very sharplyj while I have you, John,' she answered with' an impulsa of self-reproachful, half remorse ful tenderness. 'And I won't give way to home sickness any moro if it gives you the least bit of pain ! Don't trouble yourself. John, about tho ghost of yesterday! To morrow is yours !' ' And to-day ? ' he urged. ' Is to-day— divided? Or is it all mine ?' ' I think it looks as if it were all yours,'' she said, softly, as ho kissed her. 'Let yester day rest, John, rest with the last .year'. snows in England ! And let us go and picl oranges to-dav ? And there are some guava _i.;ii T _i._-1l.l l:l_~ ? j?__. i ? 1. Trr SUll. X bllUUlU JlKtJ SUU1U 1UI 1UUCI1. -VC never see them at home except in jelly, d.. we ? After all, there are some good' thing. in the sunny south !' she added, will 11 lapse into her old, light, laughing tone ' There are guavas. and grape-fruit., arid you ! ' John Armstrong went away happy. One thing only now troubled him, he coulil not make up his mind what to give Helen foi a Christmas present. Blundering ? fellow that he was ! he reproached himself,' not to have thought over it before. /.He went to the, best jeweller's in GHralda, the nearest large town, where, having but little time to spare, and being unable to make up his mind in haste on the spot, he ordered a selection of choice trinkets to bo sent to! his rooms, for his leisurely inspection. Every one in (3-irnl hi. knew John Armstrong, and there was no difficulty made about entrusting the jewel-' to his care. : He was looking in anxious cogitatim from the contents of one velvot-lined case to another, as they were set out before him on the table, when there: was a tap^at the door, and the negro '! bell-boy 'announced, '.' Mr. Lawrence, sail, wants to know ef he kin see you.' _ . 'Why, certainly. . Show Mr. Lawrence up. Come in, Lawrence, glad to see you; and a merry Christmas to you, my dear fellow !', ' The same to you ! I see I needn't asli how you are !' said the visitor, . glancing at John Armstrong's healthy' brown face. I' Oh, I'm all right — right as a (rivet ! And you? how have you been? All ritrlit too, I hope? , Grove flourishing ?' ' Yes, all going oh .well1.-' I've come up to Giralda on a little business, ,' and you're the first person I've looked up.' ' That's right/ that's all right !' said Arin ? strong, heartily, 'I've been'thinking of run ning down to Tampa, and then I'd have* been the one to look you up, but I've had my- hands full-: lately ;- it's ;been a bn*y: time, though it's not been, all ' business ! You've just come in the nick of time now, to give me your, help -and advice.' I -was just muddling my brain over these things, ' , jerking : his head to wards the display on the table. ' Which- do you think's the-^tho bflst of; the lot? The— the most likely to— suit a lady ?' Armstrong was stammering arid the colour rose in his bronzed oheek. 'A lady? Ah ! 'said Lawrence, with n; smile. : ' Pleasure; as « well as business beei-: keeping you about h2re,,I see ?'.?? 'Yes, you see,- well, the fact is, I'm goinir to be married.' . ;. ; . . .' ; .; ' Heartiest, congratulations, .old fellow.!; The young lady's lucky— that' I 'know JvkriiT so are you, I hope !' ; v ; ?-.??'?-'? ?-?'.'- ?;?-.. ' I j ust am ! ' said Armstrong emphatically., ' Wait till you see her !' ' When she will be wearing one of ! these, I expect!' suggested Lawrence. He was a younger man than Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, with a tawny 'beard, hones', kindly blue eyes, a pleasant, though ; rather sad, smile, and a generally rather grave, . thoughtful expression. He.was sympatheti cally willing to help the perplexe'd iover in his choice of a gift, which was : fortunate, as poor John had not mubh taste, and was sorely bewildered in his contemplation of the ' om barras de richesses' that lay before him. 'Now this— this is something out of the common, oh ? ' he suggested, bat . hps:tat ingly, as deferring to LawrenceV better judgment, pointing to a necklace of alligator's teeth lavishly set in gold. 'Or this now?' indicating a heart-Bhaped ornament almost big enough to wear as a shield, and adorned with a true lover's knot studded with jewels of all the colours of the rainbow. .- - ; .; ; 'Do you think alligators' teeth quite a pretty thing to clasp round a girl's throat? ' Lawrence demurred. 'And isn't i this 'ii; tritle — j ust a trifle shrwy? ' ./; John's countenanoo fell. . '?'.'.?/? ??? ' ' She likes everything dainty arid :deli-! cate,' he said. ' ; ' How about this?' said Lawrenoe, taking; up a simple but oostly necklet of a single string of exquisitely matbhed pearls. ??' It was Armstrong's turn to demur. ' Don't pearls mean tears ?' he rejoined. 'Ah? You'-wouldn't risk giving her those ?' said the younger man, with a smile that ended in a short, quickly-stifled breath line u Dig II. 'No, I wouldn't,' said Armstrong, notic ing his frier ' 'ook with an instinct of fellow-feolinf You wouldn't either, would you, '). .«;, if you were choosing — somothiug fot -somebody?' 'No, I suppose I should be superstitious, too. But there's nobody — now ! arid I've had -all the superstition and fancy and romance pretty well knockod out of me.' 'There's nobody now,' Armstrong re peated his words. 'There,' he added, delicately and hesitatingly, ' there was some body once, then ?' ' Once!' Lawronee echoed, looking down at tho pearl necklace. When tho choice was finally made of a slender gold bracelet wi'h a four-leaved shamrock in diamonds ('All women like .diamonds,' tho two men had agreed), tho comrades sat down with a pipe and glass, and then Armstrong roferred, in his frankly sympathetic, if blundering wax to Lawrence's lato admission. 'I'm afraid my— my asking you about that,' nodding towards the bracolet, 'reoals things to you ! ' 'Thej' haven't got far to be recalled, they lio near the surface,' the younger mail replied, gloomily. 'There was somebody, and it — it— didn't come to anything ?' Armstrong venlurod, his heart softened by his own happiness, his sympathy too sincere to be iutrusivo. Jjawronco paused a 'iiiutuuiiu, liioa him!. abruptly: ? I .??.-.: .'.'Slip thinks I'm d-'fid at lensl T hopa she \ does. She's t'nr awiiv-- 1 shnll novel- s»n her ' \ again. But miniehiiw ChrishiiHR nlwayr- ; 1 m-tkt-s mo think of old linys.' I Armstrong nnil'lpd in silonl comprohonRJin c Lawrence paused » nt'inmnt, thon mWfvl with i almost, harsh nhnipt.n ? « ' J,nnk horo, Armsii 1 \\- of'i n thon Jil \ Of tolling you. J wn \i i i m iir it mni ill hi ' ouoo, whon you wore miio.1i r gond iihiim to mo ' nt Oonln. The fnut K I— I loft K.njrhnrl I undor n cloud ! My vitv iiiiuin — well, it's i I my own, for .1 whs lm»t in i I iwi n i my second name. hut. it's nnr my tin in name. There aro ntliors of us here who havi ciinn' out of fch' wny. sis I did, but not. miiiiv shadowed hv n olnii'l i-hltik is min ' ' What wns it. hit bov t i«! o(] John Armstrong, frntoririlh 'Oil. I'vo not. holtod from tho law Lnwrenoo snid quinl i\ ' I stand ihu of tlnit., I think. But it's tin tuispii inn, ot whio.h 1 fool 1 slnill nr \ l lie ilou 'She susjiootod— -h luvol ill ot - m » ' 'God bless her — nn. She dcchiro.n pho had faith in mo. Bur. no mm else bud. f couldn't ask her to marry mo intdpr a oloud. to hike im mune with the st.nin oh it. I came nhroiid t« live it down, nnd the Hbi]i in whiiih I'd tiiki n my passage was wrecked — miu remomhor tin riisistor of the Oiluinhu p I wic mippo'-ed .to have been on board ; inv namo was in Hi0 list of lost. But. nt, tho last minute nn aooidont had prevented my suiting. No nm knew at homo that, I had not; sailed. They nil bolievn tli.it, I wont down with thp Cnlnmba and the rent of her unlucky pas sengers and crew.' 'And she. believes it ton?' 'She must, whul. else can shn think? Jt. is bottor so. I decided not to writo and tell her I was psiff-.' ' Shemny bo grieving — mourning foryou,' suggested Armstronu 'For a time — yes. But it. is Ivst as it is — for her. She is young ; the thought of me and my troublo would bo a mon lustinur cloud on her bright girlhood than the thou.rhr ot my death. I would never hnve innrrind her unless I could give ln*i i Mainless iihiik ^h-» will be happier, not, knoninjr Mio believed mo innocent — that, is inv comfort. Let hei believe me dead, for hor own pence.' ' It's a sad state of thin-rs.' mused Arm Btrong. 'And whai — what whs the— ' he hesitated for a time — 'tho trouble,!' Iip finished. 'They called it mirier — an narly word, inn'tit? But whatcv.i it mhs I had no hand in it. If any m-in ki lei Philip Stretron it was notl !' 'Philip Strettoti '' John Armstiong started. His back was to the light s- Lawrence could not -pp htrv, 1ih henlthy colour paled. — 'Yes, you remetrb»i tlm rase, I p°p ? I own it-did look blank against me He v,n-- my cou8in,nnd;I his Iipii — thi)u-rli it would have been ! the othei wij lound he would have been my heir, and I shojild hnvo stood in his shoes, it my gMnlfnthei'had not made an unfair will. . I hid btpn nnniudent — 1 was ina little^ diffi'iulry — and I whs foo'i-h enough to ask -Philip for a loin only an ad vance for three months. He said thinsj-s that out me. There was a snroness botween us, 1 own. but I would never huve injured u h m of Ins head. Yon remember, porhap*) how 1 im arrested, remanded — all thp misprnhlp sfnry ? There was not evidence enoiiirh ag nii«t m* to send the cag? for trial hut there whs Pmuiglr to make people believe mo guiltv — to make mn feel a pariah and an outcast— to make m ? ci-t aside my father's name as a turmshi d imd iunolean thing — to drive me into bxiIp here, a a dead man, deiid to his own liitid and his own people.' 'It's a sad business,' snii Armstrong his voice strana-ely husky- ' Iromnmber henn'ng of it.' A pause; thpn hp added 'But ?Lawrence, I ny, old chum, arnn't you ppi haps a bit . over-sensitive nbont people — suspecting yoii?' f ' Over- Bensitive ! When I'vp seen -nompn turn aside to avoid recognising me — when th very children have started at. me hr if i - were a wild beast! But there talking of it mii't mend matters.' He filled his *)»** hastilv , hishand shook as he r used it to his lips John Armstrong's brimminsr glass stood untouohpd by his side. Another knoitk at the door, and tho entrance of a second visitor— this time a gemHl and somewhat bois^rous one to wish the compli ments of the season, interrupted the conver sation, rather to the relief of both Armstrong and Lawrence, and i1- whs much to the host's relief when both; his Manors depaited Left alone at last, he 8food bv Dhe window deep in troubled thought, statins' out icro^s the rough Bandy,rnad with eves that could not see.. ? ??' . ' j . 'I riever:dreatrit of this,' he paid to him self, his lips framing the wolds '\ithour sound, as men who havp lived mudi nl mi often get the habit of communing with thpm selyes. 'This comes of slinking oi tijing to shirk. vOne cari'l shirk a thmsr — it will follow one. If it were: not for Helen, now It's plain enough— the thing to do Ii at itpr me in the face. JBut Holnn, who trusts mo. I must: think of her first. Yet that bov He's been wronged pnough He wouldn't ?marry his girl with a Btamed name Can I marry my girl with a stained con soience? His girl in Fn^lmd stuok to him llaybe mine would Ptn k to me Would bh' though? It's an ugly story to rell her Still, if she's got gttt enough to stand it i She doesn't look like one that would -weaken and wilt away from a man h°Lause of Mime thing in his past — thoush it does look iithci a black business. I'll see. . I'll sound . her God forgive me ! I'm a coward, where she's concerned. I see thp njhr thing plain enough. But -I can't — I can't. No, she's my all ! I can risk the losing her !' Helen was saunteiiusr m the orange-grove in tho moonlight alone. She was glad to be alone, for somehow this Christmas Eve she w as haunted bv memoi ips of that other Christmas with Walter four years ago ! That past was dead and mined but its ghost walked sometimes Two lines of a poem she had once heard recite 1 kept running in her head — 'Pray for the one beloved, wherever he may . ,_be, In the hush of the Christinas midnight ho will appear to thee!' , :How still the night was' Grove nnd ?wood and lake seemed to b™ Bleeping in silence. The moonbeams bathed the fair landscape in a silver sea of light, yet let's uu '?. penetrated the duskj mystones of shadow in the deeps of ' the dark browed trees ' , She thought of that ' white wmttt ' in England, and the ghost of tho buried past walked in the southern moonlight. Was anything else stirring, loo ? Whs that a step ? Did a shadow move ? Could; it be John ? But John never cune that wuj through the grove. If it should b» a tramp and she so fir frem tho house ? The moving shadow gathered shape and substanoo, stepped out from the darkness of the bordering trees, and the -mojnlight fell lull upon his face. Helen stopped with a start. . Who— what— was it? The moonlight was wcll-nij;h bnJTit as Yl.-iy. The face, tho iigure that stood out clear in those pure undasizling beams, tljajvery* g;sture with which the man paused at sight of her, all had been familiar to her once ! Was it a ghost ? Woro the lines that had been ringing in her mind prophetic ? ' In the hush of the Christmas midnight he will appear to thee.' He, too, had pans sd at sight of the girl's .slim white- robed figure: ho started as one thunder stricken as he looked upon her face, pale and pure in the colourless blaze of the somi-tropical moonlight, for while she starod, dumb with doubt and amazement, on the dead alive, he looked on tho living, lost to him, whom he had deemed five thousand miles away! Ho was the first to find his voice. 'Helen, llelou ? You— hero !' He stretohed out his hand ; it was warm with life as it touched hers, Btrong with living humau strougth as it clasped her cold ..ml trembling fingers. 'Walter, Walter ! Are you ulive? I thought— I lipard— uhj wo Lave all uiuui-ued you at, dead.' t , . . iniooi t thitt whs to lio his ('ilii-istinas gift, viisnuhis way to nee lii* Iwlowil, hut. not vit.h die quio.W. :i-siiivi1 suin oi' the happy over. If- linrjri'.l nnd to -k tin' longest, way. le miu'ht h-ivr -:iM. if he liml been irivon to (iinnnir NliMke-poniv. 'Oh. mil of Hi«irpirmn .?- iny initial.' Viwy l-it »tii! sIiuiil', thoso i-iil;-'s mid ii-iiiiireil to s-lonee, pminpted hit Mill kiiI il s imsin t n HI n ssili ' l\ i nni his in r ]nl\ to s)«n lu i pun-' hill Itii w I Ii it it In \ n Mi d t - tin tpinptii l in h nI ) il i Ii i h in i It to tin Ii hi d l\ ot M hn i 1 -p ibU M.iiMi I M till this dm i I ii 1 1 1 1 i ills i whit h bud done, but us H In 1 p xii i 'till b would bo Pin nn, uitli 1 ii \ - (u ( i ?Still ooul.t ho ilin-o trust 'Helen with th nib. in; tho risk ot' Hoeinir her shrink from nn mi ii i oli to him loilup'. t ik her i It mi. of his life. On the other hiind.it, was 'Mssililn that, she iniirht. not fail him ! Shi nisjht prove herself liravo and loyiil in tin 'i t'minl hour. . He felt hn did not, IrmuvHclim ?liorou 'lih Sl« «ii i will l i 'sit iviihlii tie' wilful thorns.' He eould not toll liow fnr her pr«tt.y little wiiywnrdness md gnlisli i wine', wile moi iinpli on tin -nrtnio, w hut depths of ]o\ mil fmth Tnd onra^i micrht not lie in the d ptlm binexth While sho wiuiitered on slowly, doe(- in shoua-ht., his foot.full poundloss on tho loop -iindy soil, ho heard a voieo on the other lido of '. tho pionder frinire of trees that twrrlorud the grove. Isol; Helen's voice, ho hud never hoard that tono in it. And yet it. wii's liko hois — that voice with the tender rhnll the thiob ind pills of li\in^ pissinn, -){ which he had iifv^T known it capable. 'Wiiitu— Waltei nttn all thesp ^elrs '' ' A{v flarliu-r. mv darling!' murmurod the mini's voice, dhnknn and husky, but Lawre'ici '«? \ » e Tohn Aiinsrrnn^ made a noiseless Rtop forwarri, Innkod out of tho plmdow which concealed him from their view, nnd saw HpIoii his bri'l'-elect, ehncring to T awrpnee his arm round hn hei tin b uphttod in tho^ moonlight t^i his Por tho innnipnt the) (lind forgotten ill t.he world biff prfi'h other'. ' She hnd:forsrotten Tohu and he the stain upon his name, tho miisn ni his exile. ? She was first to remembor the ban lei 'Oh Wnlloi, no — no' Let mo go ' I ihiiRfc tpll von— -I am not free !' 'Tsirvou then — vou who wero pngaired to Ann-tronjr?' ' Yps He is thp best and truest of mon,' with a nob in her. voice. ' Walter,. .now. that we ha\tf mi t it can only he to part ' John Armstrong heard no moro. Had ho not been jtrnndintr thiro as if strickpn to stone, parnlvsod, hp would not hn\ e hpard so mm h Ho turned with a gropinsr stuirjrennix ges ture. liVi\\!i man ree'insr, blinded, beneath a it-iimn U- Mm* n t uHPhil rhat no sound of his jrmii.' mIioiiI 1 Rtnrtle them as he went, lind left thniu rheri; roirecher. The moonlight flooded 1 indsi upo was blnek to him , hp seemed ro hp gioping his wnv thiough great dirk ness, his fnce spt from tho house towards whu h his steps hnd b^en bent How could lie face Helen now * It. was Helen whom : ho had wronged; it, was Helen whom ho had robbed of her love, ilboit nil iinwittiuffl y. He had thought of fiawrenco's unnamed love us far off, in tho old oountiv But there whs no far « way girl in Tlii- fland — it was Helon here ' Por her dear - ike he had thought of keop insr the nlp'nce that would have Healed the spntenrp of exile fiom home and love on Lnwreni:e-^and Ln.wrence wan tho man she. loved Yet f-hp would keop hoi fjith with him. She hnd -:iid it herself ! And Lawrence would not pliim her'solongas the stain of |iii-peeted crimp (lung to hts name. John AmiKtronir snw r,hat:hn could hold her still ! It w ii Christmas Dny , the sun shone on the PMMjrTPen pines and tl e glossv foliage of tho oiAii^p trees md their golden fruit, and -k\ and hike w^i ?- one monotone of rndiant H/urp-' Jnhn mid HpIoii woro walking in thp jtiovp, and both \\\prp tndrnrn and illat eiwi- ' FTolpn mv girl' he snd breaking a lotijr silenci us rlny drew nem the spot where she nnd Wnlter had met lush night, ' I had be in thinkinEr whnt I conld get you for a Christmas pies^nt, wondinnjr what would please vou best And I found out, last night ' ? Last night? But you didn't come last night?' 'Yes I pnme Helen I camp I came this » «\ ' pointinar to thp border of trees, ? md I was hpip I nun — Ihpnrd ' H I ii started, nnd the rolonr rusVied to her. f ice then nbbing lpft if deadly pjlp But thoujrh slip was dismnved 'he did nof blench Shewn- too pioul ti quail as guilt might quail Ba her thcie was even i touoh of rppionpli in Iipi tonp hs she answ prpd, ' Ion wtro hue John? Ynu heard?' 'Bj acudei t ' His brown dick flushed now '1 heird onlv i lew words I hiirrind awav. ..You don't^think that I'd pla\ pivf sdioppei on puipose Helpn ?' ' No no John ' But if you heard any thing I wi-.li a on hud heard hII ' Youwonld ln\ p mi U rstood th it I — E v.w hii st irtled, takun h\ surpriR' I hnd nevpr drenmt that hp, Wiltei \\\as livmj:, whpti I — when jou — ' hhe hesitated puinfullv, vet no,t «s onenbishpd oi ashamed — then added, 'never until last nisht1' ' 1 know. :Iknow,»mv brave true-hearted girl'' ho Piid ' Yon'rn not to blame — jou \e been str light and squire ' 'And he ' whp interpiispd hastily 'And hp too ' John Armstrong rejoined, 'h° did not know Nor I. Helon, do me ju-tii e, too ? I did not know that the man i chummed with at Otala, whom I know as Lanieiice, w«s Walter Strptton ' ' Walter Lawrence Strotton,' she ex plained ' Yes, I know, he has told me, it is his sppond name,' hp paid, wincing a little at hei eagerness to expl mi on his behnlf ' But I did not know thnt WiiUpi fctretton wns the iMtnc of the man louoaied for1 We none of us knew If\ bsen a thnptei of, mistakes all round Bnt now— now 1 Bee what I cm gue \ou H Inn ' I can give you your frpp dom ' ' lohn uo — you are too good1' she pi o- testel with rpin'orspful tenderness — what is to a man the teinbl' frank tenderness of the' wumnn who does not love him '' ' No not that1' lie paid lecoihng from the woid 'pood' on 1 er lips 'Wnt — wait H-len' till you've heard all I gi-vc ^ou b»ok jnui fipedoin an 1 something m no ' I ^t\ e into your hand tho means, of ileiun_p ?Wnltor Ptrotton's name. Philip Stretton's doiith a\ is no muidir1 I ought to know, because— because the accident — it was an iir indent' wns brought lib mt In me '' '.You, John ! Oh, John, aro you nvid ?' she fell b'ii;k from him wirh doubt, fear, honor, in hei e^ es 'No. * I'm not nrid, unless it's madness to tell you the truth. It was my hand caused Philip btretton's death ' 'Your.i? .Then, who, what — are you ?' 'What I've always beon, to you and all the woild, plain John Armstrong '' v-'You were there, at Holborough at the time ? But — how was that ? and whnt hud .you to do with ' Philip Stretton? We never 'knew anything about you.' ' No. You never knew me nor my sister, my poor little sister Lizzie. But Philip Stretton knew her ; I dare say ho didn't talk of her to you. AVe weren't of your set, you see. You always knew I never concealed from you that I hadn't moved in the same class you'd been accustomod to mix with. You knew that, and were willing to accept it.' 'Yes I You were yourself to me.' 'That's how it is we never met at Hol borough. I was only there now and then for a time, and we moved in different orbits. My sister was as good a girl as ever breathed, but dolicate, a pretty little pale thing, fond of books and poetry. Philip Stretton didn't mean anything by his attention to her — perhaps no harm, perhaps uo good. I didn't choose that he should amuse himself making a plaything of her heart. AVe met on that lonely road : I spoke to him — he took thb big-h aud mighty tone with me, and told me to miud iny own business. Woll, it's no tituij lor yuui-.eato. Helen, but. vou can :iueas nu,- wuiun t-nli.lllffll liOLwiiull »n. ,*R J. IIYO, ,g I'd no intent not- thought of net-ions injury .to '' life or limb when I .struck him. But I wns strong, nnd I -mipposo in my auger I hit harder than 1 meant.. It, wns jiiHt, by pvil chance that ho fell with his temple on a nhm-p ntimo. If I'd let him lie sis ho toll, it, would luivo boon liliiin (viouirh how it; happened. ? Hut, in mv horror lind dtxmur 1 lifted him up, nnd moved him, trying to nimill him to life. It. never ooe.urro.il to mo. I whs ho stunned, t.hut, tin stone loft, lvinsr there would havo been Hiippo id to h in b in ii oil i i -hi upon, Mill less thnt voung AVnlter Stretton would bo Mispei ti 1 ' ' Whv did vou not come forward and tell tin truth5' 'Bonnuiie, T own il to vou, Hnlmi, I wns i (owiid — for nn Mstti s mI i iriori thin Si i mv own ! It, would have killed Liz/.io to hi\i hid ni\ n mi i oui Ii d with his il ilh md hi l n nni d nursed in md lompi m lt-td as it ininl Iiim bi en I thmi^hl Iimi hi\ fiMei s rmil nun mil ]it ik ot mind It was not; until I was far away that I henrd how Walter Strottim had beon trrestod imd disuhsiriicd for want of t\ idi in T th n hi tin niittii uulid th(rL( \- was no moro i-.oncorn of mine. But I see now t m m's dill Linittu of Ins lift, foi ( iu— )i ' in in l i '( I i« ij from it ' ' ' Ami- \ mil m-(oi bitilhdl Hilcn ''-he died! I took this silence on my ion1- nni tin hn sil in -vain Iwi now thnt it whs :i crime!. But, I didn't know — believe me, Helen. 1 never knew how AY alter .Strottim had .suffered from it. And I didn't know it; was vour heart I was nearly brenk injr ! But now it's not too lato to atone to you both. You were his, first. I give you back to him ! I'll give you a written Htatt innnt tdling o^ittl} how Philip Slietton's death came about. If that's not onoimrh, I'll go back to Ktiglimd and make my declaration there ' 'Tt is enough! it. shall be onough ! You Hh ill not go hick to inn tho smillts n«l ' Oh Tohn 1 i ltinot uccpt this sicufitc fiom vou!' But vet. in her heart, she knew, md he knew, th it tho saci lhce w is ilreidj abcopted AVhon AVsiltor Strotton came, obeying a message from Armstrong, to AVeston's Grove, ho found John and Helon hand locked in hand, and it was hard to say which was the pnler in this parting hour. John turned and ' put Helen's hand in tt liter's 'She has a great deal to tell you, Law rence, ' ho said, and his strong voice shook a little. ' I'll loavo vou together ' Tears wore in Holon's eyes, but John Armstrong smiled, for tho heart throb of sik nfico iv i piin that stings like joy He turned away and left them — together. 