THE CAMPAIGN. INTERESTING STORIES. A CLEVER AUSTRALIAN. WAR DONE TO ORDER. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, May 4. THE UNLUCKY TECKS. The papers this week teem with details of the Koorn Spruit disaster, near the Bloemfontein waterworks. Only one par-<*> ticular remains unpublished —the name of the commander of the luckless convoy. The Radical papers are beginning to make eig niiieant remarks on this curious and most unusual omission, and that thorn in the side of the Government, the Manchester "Guardian," speaks out as follows: — "It. is very remarkable that in none of the reports is the commander of the con voy mentioned. His name must be very well known at Bloemfontein, and all the correspondents would not accidentally omit it. It has either been left out at the request of the military authorities, or the letters have been censored. As none oi the papers indicate that the censor hat been at work, the first is the more prob able explanation. This attempt to keep secret the name of the officer who blun dered will fail. Sooner or later the mili tary authorities will be compelled to tell the whole truth." The Hastiness of these remarks will be easily realised when I mention that it is freely stated that either Prince Adolphus *f Teck or his brother, the duke, was the culprit. There can be no doubt they are an unlucky family, and only too pcobably blundered into trouble. What will tie Queen say? PURPLE PASSAGES FOB?.."SJIttEB" KALES. South Africa has been ohe grave of many reputations, but it has brought to the front a band of "brilliant journalists, who, but for the war might have lingered in obscurity until their natural end. Among the many who have made a name for themselves witi the pen is the South Aus tralian, Sir. A. G.. otherwise "Smiler" Hales, who is now doing excellent descrip tive work for the "Daily News." Hales is an impressionist, gifted with a large innd of "Bulletin" hunior, and he mixes the two tilings into admirable salad. Some times be is very "high falnfcin," but al ways picturesque and effective. Here is a sample of his eloquence, describing a night attack at Springfontedn:— "In the blackness, wt-fc no eye but the eye of God could reach, we, each man, stood face to face with his own soul, and few were there who did not -wish some pages of his past had never been written in-the Book of Life. It -was a sermon in silence, yet so eloquent that every sou! was stirred. Some of u? thought of home, of -wife, and child. Others lei their fancy rove to her whose girlish lips had clung to theirs when the dear home ties werepro ken by the rude hand of war. Others in tfhat grim period thought fondly of a large and nealuhy rock to. iifle behind, and he whose hand traces these lines owns readily that he was one of the. last. For it had -dawned upon him in that evil hour that all the fame'and glory in the -world would not be big enough toTaJug^ &c; tiny hole a Mauser bullet makes. Then-came tie shells, chrieking and wailing through the horrible clouds of night, like devils driven for ever in hopeless horror from the gates of the eternal city. We knew not whence they came, nor wtut£her tiiey were going. We only knew, and cared to know, that they were made of iron, whilst we were made of something not much" harder than mud, and a voice within us told us that if there were a collision it would not damage the shells.." In another passage Mr. Hales says of the projectiles:—"They seemed to weep as they sped towards v?, like women who had been widowed' through the deeds of evil men. They lifted up their voices in the night, and screamed, as I have heard a horse scream in tiie quicksands.'. They laughed as a drunkard laughs when, deli rium has possession .of] his brain. They howled as wolves howl through the show covered forests of Canada; ;anoTwe tried to scoop holes in the earth to pot oar. heads in-" ???.??.' This sort of thing, reminds one of tie "MonrinK Post" man.'? purple passage anent die music of '^bullets, and the "Globes" -retort. The-*Posi? > correspon dent, in describing' the sounds made by various missiles, referred to the peculiar noise made by a riceochetting Manser bul let as being "like the coughing of a sick ghost." _ The "Globe" said ita expert avowed it was much more akin to the groaning of a goaty worm: j YANKEE BEAUSJt. ? The American passion for realism has to be catered for; so it is no surprise to j learn £hat the smart people who ran the kinetoscope in the land of the wooden nut meg are marshalling dummy armies of Bri tons and Boers on remote hillsides in order to provide thrilling (battles for the edifica tion of the people at dime shows. A week or so ago the kinetoscope people decided to jwoduce the battle of Colenso, and the "J?ew York" journal gives an 3f""""c stery of how it was worked. The battle took place in New Jersey, not far from Orange, and the moving picture war cor respondent €hus describes the leading in cidents:— The sun was shining brightly, and the kinetoecope men were confident of vic tory. Three hundred warriors had been employed to fight tie battle, and new ?whiskers had been secured ior <&c; Boer forces. Both armies went to 4ie scene of conflict in' waggons. Being short of mounts, myself and otber-distmguisbed oor [ respondents were compelled to ride to Kel ley's saloon, -tie rendezvous, in a trolly car. When we got there we found the armies lined ap against t&e; bar. Crowded around the battlefield were about 3,000 residents of Essex county, on foot, on horseback, and in waggons. The natives were warned to keep out of the "thick of the fight, but their curiosity was fierce. Many of them had eons or brothers or fathers in the contending armies, and wanted to 'be along .to shout advice. '."Men," said General (Manager) White, after the two armies &a3; created a famine in KeSiey's, "the bofctSe to-day is the battle of Colenso. Let every man do bis duty. To your places, Boers." ? "fiould on," said Commandant Jimmy Burns, of Passaic, second in command of the Boer Foreign Legion, "how much is they in it?" "General (Manager) White informed him that the prevailing rate of wages for khre toscope warriors was 1.25 dollars a day. "Tim." said Jimmy Burns, as he^ took off Iris Boer whiskers and pot them in his pocket, "it's strike yez bave on instid ? a battle. Diwfe a shiep ,11 we fight." 6ays he, "fur less than two dollars a day." "Hear, hear," yelled the British and Boeis in chorus. The demand of the brave fighters was granted, and the battle was <ra. Thousands of natives followed die troops of both sides, their frantic yells being heard aijove the dm of battle. Most of iiiem were Boer sympathisers and threw rocks at the British troops, thus spoiEng as good a smoke kinetoscope effect as I ever saw. Despite 'the disadvantages General (Manager) White carried the battle to a conclusion, but I fear me that *be sight of half a hundred Jerseymen chasing Qic British army wit3i boulders will not improve the picture. DT PBAISE OP NEW ZEALAKDERS. An Artilleryman, writing from Jiorval's Pont, says: —-"We had the New Zealan ders with us at Slingersfontein, and a more plucky lot of men I have never seen. They never considered the danger in front of them. I watched tfhem take a kopje one day (while we were shelling it) under a gailintr rifle fire. The colonials made a splendid charge across tie plain, and didn't the Boers run -when they saw their bayonets! Unfortunately, 25 of them got in an awkward position, and we had to stop in action until dark to get tjiem out. Strange to say, they only lost one man." PBESEXTS FOB THE TBOOPS. The following extract from a letter to the AgenfcGeneral for New Zealand from the War Office agent at Cape Town for the distribution of parcels, gives some idea, of the difficulties to be contended with in the dispatch of presents to tJie troops:— "For the general information of your cor respondents I nuv state that many cases, parcels, &c.;, Jiave been received and dis patched to the New Zealand contingents, and have been most gratefully appreciated. You will, I am sure, readily understand, Tvirii limited accommodation for this pur pose at the Cape Town docks, with insuf ficient transport—nearly all the trucks be-1 ing employed in more urgent service—and i wirfi the rapid movements of the troops - in the Free State, the distribution of rhese parcels and presents, of which we some times Teceive 500 tons daily, is attended ?with no little difficulty, and as complaints are frequently made at home as to the non-delivery immediately of packages sent, out—which are sometimes delayed at Southampton, and sometimes carried on to Natal by vessels not ?discharging here—l venture to trouble you witli this explana tion in the hope that it may satisfy any reasonable enquirer that his kindness is not being treated witli indifference, or that the troops so bravely serving at the front are being neglected through any inaction on our part. A large cstaff is employed. They work unremittingly from 7 in the morning till midnight, the whole seven days round; and while regretting that circumstances beyond our control—which are not always appreciated nt horne —have impeded the work of distributiod, no ef fort is being spared to effect a speedy dis patch of the hundreds of tons received from all parts of the Empire, which: afford a striking monument of the kindness and consideration of those hosts of friends who follow with such practical interest the fortunes of our soldiers at the front." TO EXPEDITE DELIVERY. Tie continual growls we receive from the front anent the non-delivery of par cels sent out to soldiers by their friends at home, gives point to the following ex tract from a Mth Hussar s letter. Writing I from Bloemfontein, he says:—"Some of the men's parcels get lost on the wav, chiefly owing, so a post-office man told me, tc people putting on die outside, Tobacco, pipes, &c.;' This chop said it was a good plan to label such parcels, 'Bootlaces' oi Tracts,' as this would ensure their safe i delivery." Whether the post-office man intended to suggest that bootlaces and tracts are considered special necessaries bj the service postal authorities, or to indi cate that a system of petty pilfering of the more popular articles is in vogue, I leave to your readers. The tip, however, seems a good one. "THE PLAGUES OF SOUTH AFWCA." Sir William MacConnac, president of the Royal College of Surgeons, and Mr. 'Fre derick Trevee, the eminent surgeon, were entertained at the Reform dub die other evening. The net result is that Mr. Treves is to -day one of tie best-abused men in tie three kingdoms. The cause is not far to seek. In the course of an admirable speech, in which Mr. Treves paid eloquent tribute to.tfae conduct of Tommy Atkins in field and hospital, the surgeon said:— "So far as the sick are concerned there are only two plagues in Soutli Africa—the plague of flies and the plague of women. The flies they can get rid of by means oF horsehair wisps and other appliances, and the flies depart at night. But the women —die women mentioned by Sir Alfred Milner—are really and absolutely a terror. They come out in the guise of amateur nurses, after iiaving exhausted every other form of excitement. Considering <the cha racter of the war in which we are engaged, a number of well-dressed ladies in Cape Town and elsewhere giving picnics is a little blot on the camnaign. No one can have read Sir Alfred Mflner's proclamation on this subject with more joy than those, who are so much in the hands of these ladies." This passage, in a twisted and garbled form, has been quoted against Mr. Treves as casting aspersions on the brave women who have gone to South Africa solely with a view to looking after tJie victims of the war. Both he and Sir William have made it clear that they have the highest orrinion of the work of the Army Nursing Sisters, and of those unskilled and untrained ladies who have voluntarily abandoned the comforts of civilised life in order to minis ter by day and nieht to the wants of tie sick and wounded. Their objection is solely to the "butterfly" species of amateur nurse, and anyone who has had experience of serious hospital work will heartily en dorse Mr. Treves's objection to their ap pearance in military casuattv depots. PRAISE OF THE KUESES. Sir William MacCormac has voiced his opinions in the "Lancet" thus:—The work or the Army Nursing Sisters has been ad mirable and endless. The untiring energj and patience shown by these ladies, under great difficulties and stress, have been beyond praise. The sisters of the Army Nursing Reserve, and very many civilian-trained nurses, have, of course, been also employed, and the sam€ remarks in perhaps a somewhat less degree apply to them also. The members of the Army Nnrsing Reserve have been' trained to a certain extent in army work, but tht civilian nurses proper have to be looked after in official matters by the sisters of' the Army Nursing Service. The work hac also undoubtedly been hampered .in aom£ 'cases by tjh= interference of ladies wit know little of hospitals or nurses, and who wish, with the best intentions, to help, but their inexperience renders them ineffective for good. k Sir William's last remark is not intend ded to apply to die earnest, conscientious amateur, but to the "ladies" who bice to pop into the hospitals jnet when tie fancy suits them, and to flit from cot tc cot, chattering, simpering, leering, gashing (and flirting when, opportunity offers), witiont regard to time or the condition of tie patients. But his opinions, and those of his eminent colleague, have been mis understood, and to-day we find the ladies of Mie "Pioneer Club" demanding an apology from 'Mr. Treves for his aspersionE on their sex., ond a "piairaot little A.ns ? tnlran lady" (vide lie "Express), Miss Edith Sabton—just feomefromPietermaritz burg—declares that the great surgeon "must be perfectly horrid." THE STOET OF PMYATE ALEXANDER. The following story, told by Private Alexander, of the Ist Soffolks, to a "Daily Telegraph" correspondent, shows that there are Boers ana Boers. The soldier was in parlous case when the pressman met Ihim. He had been badly wounded and captured by irhe Boers near Coleaberg, and was on 4-he way to Pretoria as prisoner when he was recaptured bir the British. This brave fellow bore evidence in his shrunken form and pale face of the many hardships which he had endured. TTis right arm had ibeen amputated, and he was also minus a finger. While recovering from these injuries typhoid fever super vened, and for some days lie lingered at death's door. However, Private Alexan der was' determined to "fight it out." and 1 doubt not that his presence in Bloem fontein to-day is due in' no small measure to that same sturdy resolute spirit in the struggle for life which be has displayed all along. He said:— "Early in January—it was on Htc 6th, I drink—the Ist Suffolk Regiment occupied a position near Colesberg. We were awakened about midnight and ordered to prepare to march. Instead of boots we were to wear our sbppers, so as to make as lit tle noise as possible. There were eight companies of us, commanded by Colonel Watson. Well, we marched for five miles over broken, country, stumbling most of the way, and stopped when we reached the foot of a certain kopje. It was then about 2 in the morning; mere was no moon, and coneequentiy it was quite dark. We ad vanced a little way up tie kopje, when tie Boers opened a deadly fire. They could not have seen us, but it was quite evident that they had heard us-. It was too warm for -anyone to live long, and we heard Colonel Watson call for a trumpeter, who was to be asked, we thought, to sound the order to retire. At that time our men were scattered aronnd tie kopje in. exten ded order, and the sound of a man's voice vpoidd not have reached them all. There was no bnjder to be found. 'A' and 'H' Company irere then ordered to advance, and when near tie, firing line we were told, to fix bayonets and prepare to charge, but tie charge was interrupted by a deep ditch between us and the Boer position, and we were obliged to fling ourselves to the ground. Both companies returned the Boera' fire, but it was impossible to stand against the shower of bullets which as sailed us. "A* and "IT mustered about 200 men, and everyone was either killed or wounded, or was compelled to surrender. The other companies managed to retire. Captain Brestt, of 'A' Company, was wounded in the left shoulder, and he is now a pri^ner at Pretoria. Captain. Brown, of 'H,' was struck in the chest, and I hear has since died. lieutenant Carey, of 'A/ was shot, and never moved afterwards. "When we surrendered the Boers came from their hiding-places and carried off the prisoners, and wounded to Colesberg, the former being sent away to Pretoria as soor as possible. As regards myself—and I think 1 can speak also for the other? wounded —1 wish to state that the Boers showed us the greatest kindness. They < took u.s away in a comfortable ambulance, and we were attended l>y German doctors and nursing sisfers. Everything possible was done, so tar as circumstances permit ted, to relieve our sufferings. A bullet had struck me in the left elbow, shattering the bone, so that amputation was necessary. I also lost the third finger of my right hand through a shell. They took the wounded to Colesberg Hospital, and after that they were sent to Pretoria. _ I was too ill to be moved, but. considering my serious wounds and shock. I made rapid progress, for which I am indebted to the skill of the Boer doctors and zeal of the nurses. I was then sent to Springfontein. j where the fever took me- Again (hey I nursed me bark to life and hope. Then, on March 13. I was to be sent to Pretoria, together n-ith Private Chapman, belonging to the Wilts, who had lost his left leg. As we were going along by Kaffir River, in the Orange Free State, we saw a troop of cavalry galloping towards the train. We found" them to be the 9th Lancers, and they took possession o£ us. The Boer en einedriver uncoupled bis locomotive and sped back to Springfontein. The Lancera chased and fired at him, but he escaped. Then our German doctor rode to Bloemfon tein, where the British were in possession, returned with another engine, and In that way we completed our journey. I need scarcely say how delighted I was to ex change my Boer guardians for British. 1 was wounded and weak, it is true, but I I was free once again." 