'The Spectator' About Town. Pear Quiz— Re the Orpheus Society and its * work, ' I move that the: nom de plume concealing the identity of your correspondent, "Old English," be altered to " Old Boer," for the following reasons :—He attacks the Orpheus bcdy from the shelter of an anonymous kopje, fires on the women's laager, attempts to snipe the officers, and shows an ignorance of his enemy's ability and power worthy of a benighted burgher. The Orpheus Society has conducted 12 campaigns, comprising 49 important engagements, and its victories in " Antigone," " Sigund," " Pamon and Phintiae," Mass of the Orpheonistes," and ~ "Walpurgis Night," stamp it as a valuable and a permanent force. Its strength has steadily increased, likewise its reserve, and its popularity was never so great as at the present time, " Old English " notwithstanding. As to his criticism of our latest success, it is born of ignorance and bred in error. The cabalistic affix which mystifies him is known to every musical tyro, and means in this case "A Bash Critics MistakesThe term " babe, byeo " may be new to him, but he need not therefore credit the singer with a vowel pronunciation common to " Old English " costers. His reference in this connection to our lady vocalist, who was trained in the best of "Old English" schools, stamps him as a "fine "Old English" gentleman" indeed. As to "Foreign Songs" and "Handelian Runs," all are evidently French to "Old English," and true to his "Boer" instincts (noted above), he turns up his nose at them. His friends of the veldt act similarly in .matter of the bath and a change of clothing. His strategy is faulty to a degree. While he wastes powder and shot on our little force, an ** Old English" Company, armed with " Shilling Pops," is l( cultivating the musical taste of Adelaideans" out of all knowledge. "Old English " to the rescue !!' Now to the Ghost of Mendelssohn. Sir—What did Goethe write you ? c That which is old, and tried, and fundamental, and comforting shall be pushed, and moved, and pressed into the smallest possible space, by upstarting innovations.' Take comfort, 'the medium-time' is at hand. Be ,careful of your statements, however. Our Society has given but some four out of forty nine concerts with ~ an orchestra, so that your words *do not accurately express the state of affairs at the Orpheus Society's concerts.'—I am, Sir, &c.;, The Orpheus Secretary. 'The Spectator' does not profess to judge between musical critics or criticism?, but be believes that -all criticism should conform to certain recognised principles of logic and commonsense. The first question in such criticism should be, (Is the criticism fair and truthful ¥ just as the prime question about the music should be, (Is it good or bad?' The composer's name is a secondary con sideration, as is also the singer's, so far as regards the listener's enjoyment, unless the concert-goer belongs to that great mass of the would-be musical unmusical which stdmires only what it has been told ought to be admired. The name of a singer on the programme does not en hance the beauty of the song ; nor does the name of a critic add to the truthfulness or correctness of the criticism. The longing for ' names' is born of the spirit that is always ready to exclaim, * What's his name? abuse his-mother.' For all tljat the,*{Orpheus Secretary's ' letter amounts t<y. 1 Old English 1 and 4Ghost of Mendelssohn ' may have been perfectly truthful in their judgment,, for there is no attempt to show that any single statement was untrue or undeserved- The burden of the letter,, as evidenced by 4 kopje, laager, snipe,, burgher, Boer, veldt, strategy, powder, shot,' shows that if musical criticism was the end and aim of the writer when be took pen in hand, and if he intended to give facts about the performance,, something. must have led him to alter his first intention. Critics should stick to the subject matter, and the demand for a 4 name' is no reply to a statement, true or otherwise, that music was sung at a concert in a way that was unworthy of the Society which gave the entertainment. This letter says,. 4 Old English turned up his nose at Foreign^ songs and Handelian runs/ That is not so. He criticised foreign songs in which the pronunction was bad, and Handelian runs sung in such a way as no singer with any pretensions to training would sing them. The writer's reference to 4Shilling 4 Pops"' is bad criticism, to say nothing of' taste. 1 Pops' have done noble work in cultivating musical taste. If anything has done more it has been free entertainments and not high-class concerts. The best of all art costs little, and the aim of alL true artists is to make art free. To Mr Spectator.—Sir—-I am sorry So see that there are some persons in Adelaide b&se; enough .to make use of the ideas of others. I would like to point out that to make a disturbance is the undoubted privilege of University students,, and I would advise that anyone else doing so should be severely punished. We have now had two disturbances during the last month on which the 'Varsity boys have never been con sulted. I propose that all disturbances in future be advertised as under University patronage, and any spurious article be promptly sat on. I read in a recent issue that the students are to be appointed special constables. That I am sure you will at once perceive is an acknowledge ment of the principle I have advocated, and is the surest way of providing that there are no un authorised riots, and, in fact, is one of the wise measures which we may expect from such an efficient Government a^ the present. Whilst on the topie of Peace Day I am sorry to see that no one has so far proposed one most useful amusement. Why should not the Legislative Council sit on that day in order that those who like giddy excitement may be satisfied by listening to the witty remarks which drop so easily from the lips of some of our legislators 3 Or Mr Tucker and Mr Wigley might hold an opposition show to the Military Forces. I am sure that not even the mighty corps which we now possess could skirmish so skilfully. Also, why should not the erudite Superintendent of Public Buildings lecture on bacteriology or isolation blocks ? for I am sure such a treat would attract crowds of sightseers from far and wide. However, though I could go on thus for ever, I will now conclude.— -Dear Sir, believe me yours, &c.;, 'Varsity Boy. Dr Bickle has issued invitations for a pro gressive euchre party on the evening of July 5. Mrs Russell, wife of Mr Commissioner Russell, will give two dance parties within the next few days. The eighth half-yearly meeting of shareholders in the Queen Margaret South Gold Mining Com pany will be held on Tuesday next at Montefiore Chambers, 2 & Way mouth Street. 