Calendar for the Coming Week, FROM ' THE AUSTRAL LIGHT.' June 10. Tkinitv Sunday. — Vespers (2nd) of the Sunday. To-day we are not asked to imitate the virtues of some saint, nor to contem plate the meroiful dealings of God with men. We are taken up, as it were, into the holy of holies aod invited to gaze on the radiant perfection of God as the blessed Bee Him One God in Three Divine Persons. ? Untibthe fourteenth oentury this feast was not generally celebrated in the Ohuroh, for tho reason that every festival in the Ohristian re ligion is truly a festival of the Holy Trinity, sinoe all the others are only means to honour the Blessed Trinity, and steps to raise us to It as tho true and only term of our worship, Ab Pope Alexander II. writos in the' 'eleventh oentury : — ^ The Roman Ohuroh has no particular festival of tho Trinity because she honours It every day, and every hour of tho day, all her oflioeB containing Its praises, and con cluding with a tribute of glory to It.' 11\. MondAv— Sb. Barnabas, Apostlo. Bt. Barnabas was not ono of tho 12 ohoBon by Our Blessed Lord. Never* tholoHB ho is styled an Apostle by tho primitive Fathors and by St, Luke him self. His apodal vocation by tho Holy Ghost, and the IabourB ho under tool; for tho propagation 'of tho Gosmol, oarnod for him this title. Tho lirat , mention of St, BarnabriB ooauru in tho Acts of tho Apostles (ohapfc. iv.,) whoro ho is named as ono of those who gavo up their worldly possessions to reliovo tho indigent. After having boon for a long timo asupoiatod with Si. Paul, St. Bai* nabas upont tho closing yours of his life in his nativo island of Cyprus. Tho manuor and the date of his martyrdom is unoortuin, but ho is bolioved to hayo boon stoned to death at tlio instigation of tho Jews roaidont in Cyprus. 12, Tcksday,— St. Loo. Ill,, Pope and Con fessor. « St. Loo, a Roman by birth, arid a mombor of tho Order of St. Boiiodlot, was olootod Popo in 705. During a pontificate of 20 yearn ho display od singular prudonoo in tho managomontof public ftimkfl. His z,oal for tho propa gation of tho Oatholio Faith, was equalled only by hia aolioltudo for tho poor and aide, Ho arownod Oharlo mngoo in Bt. Potor's, thua establishing tho Empire of tho WoBt, 1!), Wednesday-,— St. Anthony of Padua, ConfuBHor, Si. Anthony wna born in Llubon, Uio 1 capital of ' Portugal, bub ho llvod for Homo yemra in Padua, a olby of Not thorn Italy. .Having onborod Uio Fnuiolooun Onlor his humility lud him to aonooal !i!n uxounllouul iilillitlua and profound learning. Far iionio timo ho wan om- ployori in monlal oIIIouh, but hlu dftu of mind having boon providentially did* oovurod, Ikj wivu ordninod prlunb 'and uniiolntud t;o tuauli thoology In Bologna, Viiilua, ami othor ullloii. it want liow- i ? ever, as a preaoher that he became known in Italy, Spain and France. Formed by nature and grace for this office, the effectiveness of his preaching was en-, hanoed by the eanctity of his life and by the miracles by which God often deigned to signalise ^hia labours. Ho died near Padua in '1231 at the age of 36. 14, Thousday.— Feast of CorpuB Chiisti,. Spooial Devotion. Ab the adorable Trinity is the essen tial and primary object of all religion and of all festivals, so tho august Eu charist is tho perpetual sacrifice and the holiest worship that we can render to the Ttinity, In other worda every day is a festival of the Trinity, which y,o adore, and of the Eucharist by which we adore .it. The bpeoial feast of the- BleBsed Euoharist, whioh we celebrate to- day, was instituted in the 1,'Uh oen tury. ' Without doubt,' Bays Urban IV,, in the Bull of institution, 'Hoy- Thursday is the true festival of the Holy Saorament; but on that day tli&- Ohuroh is bo very muoh oooupied in bt vvailiug tho death of her spouse, that it was good to take another day when she' might manifest all her joy, and supply for what ahe could not do on Holy Thuraday.' 15\. Friday.— St. John of San Fogondtz,. ConfeBsor; St, John derives his surname from his. birthplace in the north of Spain. After having devoted himself for several years as a aooular priest to the care of: souls, he became a member of the Augustinian Order in 1473. By his pathetio sermons and private exhorta tions he effected an entire reformation of morals in Salamanca, and extin guished tho inveterate feuds which daily stained that oity with the blood of its best oiti/ens. He died irv.1470. 10\. Saturday.— St. Antoninus, Bishop and Confessor. St. Antoninus, a native of Florence, . beoame at an early age a member of tho. Order of St. Dominic At tho invita tation of Popo Eugenius IV,, ho as si&ted; at the general council of Florence. Eleoted Aronbishop of Florence, he gave a signal example of Christian/ ohatity on the ocoaBion. of a postilonae whioh raged in that oity during a whole year. St. Antoninus died in X450. Difficulties are tho tutors and mo nitors1 of men, plaood in their path for their best discipline and da velopmont. As by tho law of aeleotjon the weak physically suooumb to hardships* that the strong survive, so the resolute soul finds a stimulus in the bitter roots and the harsh berries that would aot as poison upon, tho timid soul. 0 tho anguish of that thought that we never atono to our doad for tho stinted! affection wo gave them, for tho light answora wo returned to their plaints or their plead ings, for tho littlo reverence wo ahowod to that aaoi'pd human aoul that livod so o1obo- t|o ub, and was tho divinoBt thing God had givpn us to know I When tho thoughtful student rofloots that ho 1b a moro atom amid tho illimitable spaoo and oountlosB orbs that surround him, ho is. ovcrawod by a soneo of his nothingnoae ; and H when ho considers how littlo ho has learned after all hia labour, in comparison with tho* treasures or knowlodgo that still lie hidden In nature's bottom, ho will oxolalm with tlio' groat Now ton i u Whatovor tho world mny. think of my learning, I feel liko a little ohild on tho seashore authoring a smooth pobblo hero and a shell there, whilo tho* oooan of otornity Hob unexplored before mo,'' —Cardinal Gibbons. In contemplating Hoavon'pooplo are boo apt to sot before thoir mind' the delights -of soiiBo, tho eighta. tho sooloty, tho hoavonly music, tho oharity, tho agility, tho praoo and porfootlon of outward form and oolour. Bub all bhoso joys, hovvovor truo or Intonao thoy may bo — ana ovon thoy aro, no doubt,. Intonaa boyond words — sink Into Inslgnlflo anoo when wo obmo to think of tho Glvor. Thoy boar no proportion to tho ootnay of delight arising from Hia prosonoo, In the words1 of luaplrod wladom t(wo shall bo aatlRflod when His bonuty shall appoar,' Wo arn dilForonb with dlfloront frlondaj. yob If wo look olosoly wo shall find that ovory auoh rolatlon ropouoo on aomo particular apobho'oMla of ono'a solf j with oaoli friond, albhotmh wo could not cllatingulah it in wortla f rom any obhor, wo have ab loaab ono epoolttl roputatlon to prooorvoi and It la t'luts that wo run, whon morbl/lod,' bo out' friend or tho woman thab wo lovo, not to , hoar ourflolvuH oallod botbur, bub to bo bobtor mun In point of faob. Wo nook bills sooloby to Halter otn'HolvoB with our own good oon« (linn, And honoo any falHohood In tlio rolatlon, any itiooniploto or porvorbod under Hbiui'llnu, will Hpoll ovon tho pluiiatiro of: tllL'fiO ViHitH, 