IDLE HOURS IN ITALY. TFrom our Special Correspondent.! LUCERNE. March 14. There are beautiful bits of, landscape be [ ween \ililan and Venice, and the view of aretty villas and larger buiidings dotting thp adiaeent hillsides at Bre.*ia lives an t'he memoiy as among tne best ot tnem. I'lie sweet sunlight gilded ad things with its heavenly alchemy, and its 'halcj remains ,a permanent reminiscence of fhis picture. The land is very fertile, but 1 confess to some surprise on totaling that in adjacent country seven crops a year have been reaped* A chatty lady, the English wife of a resident Italian' military officer, who joined our tpiin at Desenzano, declined to con firm this statement, but admitted that four crops cf 'i'.'ay per annual was not an unusual return. Tne country around Verona is irri gated by trenches, and we passed many acres well planted wiui mulberries, vines, and maize, 'iiiis interesting place isoinit ted fioiri the present itinerary, as is aiso Padua, 49 niile.s further on, with its wealth of interesting antiquities. Ai.lp.st Venice looms in sight. The train runs atrcf-s the nanow peninsula connect ing 'this curious and wonderful-' city with like mainland,' and soon a 'poppe' is pro pelling us dettly -down the Grand Canal in lis one-oared black gondola. How strangely beautiful it seems! Fast palaces ihoary with age, in and out of narrow waterways, we arrive by r.hort cuts at the hotel. Xot l moment is lost; tne interest is too been to permit of any delay while the precious honrs of the afternoon last. A steamboat is just leaving the Riva degli Schiavoni. -'arid I step on board and get backtodrink in more of the magnificence, of the Grand^panal. Well might Ruskiir ein ploy his iexquisite diction and imagery in depicting' tike glories of its decaying iscords of dead rfenturie.5. Every forui of arehijiec ture seems to be represented, froni jthe srrand tfo the grotesque, and the taste and fancy ;Jof Hong-forgotten designers is- here expressed 'for the succeeding ages' to study and 'admire. Crowded together so closely yoti pass them so quickly- that their succes sion is, simply bewildering. La!ter in ,the moonlit evening astyou/Jloat leisurely down this ancient waterwagpih your slow, hearse like gondola an air of dreamv unreality steals ovecjyour consciousness. The whole picture seems too strange to be true. The collected ghosts of many hundreds of years ire somewhere among those marble monu mcrit-s, ;and the melancholy 'Stai^o!' of the poppe' approaching --uv' iriters-'etion of the canal sounds like t'he willing echo from a place -of tombs. It is all weirdly, fasci natingly beautiful. Devouring Time, silent, 'relentless, ? and dignified, here confronts yon 'face to face; and your lit;!? modern personality, in its. clothes- of this year's fashion shrinks back in the gondola scat ashamed. You learn that George Eliot lived in the Palazzo Giustipiani. and that Lord Byron made his dwelling-place, in the Palazzo Mocenigo; that some otbar cele brity of yesterday took up 'his abode here, and another there,- but the advertirement thus given to them strikes you as .imperti nent and almost sacrilegious. For this is Venice, the City of Conquerors, the beacon of a bygone age, whose glories, 'towering o'er the 'wrecks of tim--.' still mark her as too great for cheap patronage, even in Jier crumbling asihes. .- San Marco is a different Ohuron from the ordinary touris.t-haunted edifice., Tne vari coloured .marbles employed, and the Orien tal splendour, of the decorations, seem a strange junible' to .the ; eye of the ordinary lover of Ghutcui architecture. But even a cursoryiglUmc'e'.atJthe guidebook will help the 'Viator tft discover some of the beauty wihidh at nrst;i3 'hidden.' Ruskin has 'done much to render the gaudiness of this re markable building acceptable; but, for all that, its excellences do not appeal to the universal taste. Among its relics is the stone, on whifth : Jdhn - tihe Baptist . was be headed.. All tiiese- old Ohurtihes.seem, to possess some precious property of ?this kind —bits of the wood of the. true Cross, or the tootti.of St. Jude, or the. back Ihair of the Apostle Paul,; or other . equally/ valuable odds aiuLends/' Some years ago, at Cologne, 1: paid a feeto view the pot in which, our Saviour ^turned 'tiie ivUiter into .wine ' at Curia. Since tihat time I have been, sceptical on this- matter .of relics, , The vessel 'was too small -to- (have iheld enough'. -to .go. 'round! Whilst 1 was examining the altar, of 'San Marco .a priest entered the pulpit and be gan to preach. .The position of the audi ence blocked the exit, -o thai I had to re main and listen. The preacher was'of about middle age, of,, good physique, with; a re fined, intellectual- face. At. first tne feel ing -was -one of boredom, but insensibly. I became interested in tlie pleading tones pouring forth his message, in jvoi'ds that ran from his lips in a rich, musical stream. Nearly all of it was quite 'unintelligible. The graceful,, gentle, action .'given with either hand or arm, the earnest broken voice, the inflection and emphasis that oc casionally rose to energetic fulness, and then fell :to soft earnest pleading' again, held the large crowd of listeners spell bound. The words 'Jesu Cristo'1 occurred very frequently, uttered with peculiar ten derness. As the priest -went on his eyes became suffused with tears. Three holy fathers, sitting in meditation in front of the altar, with their backs towards the preacher, turned their heads slightly at one passage, as though f-ome uncommon height of feeling or expression Had been reached. The scene recalled a passage in 'Jdhn Ingles-ant'— the transparent , ear nestness of this man quite equalled that, of the character represented in : ShorthouEe's creation. . ? At last I got out of tihe cold Churchinto the Piazza. This, and;the Campanile, and tihe Doge's Palace, and the Bridge of Sighs are all as familiar -to Adelaideans as theface csf the town clock, from their long acquain: tance with the drap-sccne at their Theatre Royal. The Pizza is flie centre of Venice. It is ihere that the merchant's most do con gregate, 'here on Sundays the band plays, and here is tihe fashionable pionienade. It was pleasant, to sit at a cafe table and trip coffee, and smoke, watching the ivissing crowd, -and listening to the 'Stabat Mater,' well played by good performers. The pigeons — protected by the law of their country — strutted in and out among the people, and picked up crumbs of comfort here and tfiere. Frail the Camomile a gcod view of the ewampy background of the city \va- obtained; but it was hardly worth the triub'e cf t'he ascent. The Palace cf the Doges has plenty to offer, but nothing in it compared with several pictures by Paul Veronese. The rich colours, softened by time. Wend iu exquisite harmony. But in Venice you ('?.-- not care to spend much time indoor?, either in Churches or palaces. You want to' bo on the water. The time pa?=es quite pleasintly enousii in gondola trips to the vaii.-u- p'aces of interest dur ing the day, and on moonlight nights you are not living unless you are nfloat. But the representation of Mascagni's ''L'Amico Fritz'' at tlie Te.itro Rossini tempted me, and T went.. There is some-filing cf luxu rious ea=;e in going to your theatrp in your gondola. A silent talm lies over the water. You glide peacefully along until one of the ganzieri gathers your gondola in with h;- long, hooked pole, and you step out into t'he vestibule of the theatre. In Italian theatres a fee is charged for entrance, and a second for your sent, so that you pay about double the price named on the bill. The popular composer whose production hold'; the boards is at present in Venice. He has just given some enrewd home'thrust.-; in a lecture on musical KTriLioism. Adelaide l'.as so many lovers of music that for their sakes I include a bit of his text. ''Miscalled in-tellipenc-e and a'nam know ledge have rendered possible the develop ment of these useless critics of muft-e, who with the great ease and with a small stock of words believe they can destroy work which may have cost a musician — who may also be a genius — years of labour. Musical critic-i.-m is always giving the worst of ad vk-e, and helps powerfully to retard the natural development and the evolution' of music; and if the Italian sphool of music is now in a stats of uncertaintiv-, 'hesitating to take a definite path, the blame must be laid on the shoulders of the critics. Mascagni has a supreme contempt for the musical critic, and it was in expression of this feeling ;fcha.t he dedicated his last work to himself. 'L'Amko. Fritz' was fairly well mounted, but not better than when it was produced in Hindley-Sfcreet. The soprano, t)he tenor, and tihe baritone were all good, and the' familiar 'Cherry duet,' which re vived memories of an Adelaide rendition, was beautifully sung. An air was ravishingly. .. played by . an ? invisible first violin, and the (inspired me lody drew 'tremendous enthusiasm from the audience, three-fourths of whom were men. -The ochestra numbered about forty, and the delicate light and shade in their treat ment of this melodious writing, developing locca-sActtally dntoi a moslt vigorouV forte, play ed in ajacurate time itogabher, was a perfect treat. The vibrato, so strongly in evidence with most Italian singers, was not neglect ed here; you could imagine each vocalist had --a revolving winnow-fan inside iiis anatomy. ......_ \- A good deal of the trade of Venice is controlled by English firms. The Venetian glass industry, famous all over, the world, the lace trade, carved, furniture, marble statuary, in fact, almost the entire 'business of Venice directly connected with foreign ?purchasers is in the hands of English, capi talists, -and most of ? the'- hotels are simi larly held. When you have got over the first strange charm of the place, you begin to realize that. there are disadvantages even here., Orange peel and decaying vegetable matter Jn still corners arouse your suspi cion that all is not as it should be in the inatter of aroma. The sweet scent of the morning air seems vitiated by the odour from a narrow way, as your gondolier churns up tihe. water with his oar, and the embryo' of recollection stirs within. How. strangely potent in awaking old me mories ;is this sense of smell! At last the reminiscence takes shape and struggles into being. A picture of the Yarra comes back with^all' its horror, and you feel that you arc living. oyer again some of the shudder ing hoars when your soul was sick unto deathV :ThLs'paragraph is -the act of a hea then who first worships his idol and then destroys it. But the truth will but. 