Electric Lighting. Forthcoming Ballot. Preliminary Public Meeting. A meeting in connection with ' the proposed dec trio lighting of the city was held' in the counoil chamber yesterday afternoon. v His worship the Mayor (Aid. J. Nicol Robinson) Presided, and there were also present -. -Aid. '. M. Hall, J. G. M'Nub, W. G. Higgs. W. A. beal, J. Stewart,. Messrs. J. .Chapman, S. W. Brooks, J. Young, A. J;:Ros8, . A.. M. Kirkland, E. J. Holmes, P. Snowdowno.- The Mayob explained the object of the1 meeting, stating thut'it was called in response to a petition. He thought it was. wise to take the voice of the ratepayers on the pro posal for the lighting of the'oitv by electricity. Mr. Kibxiand 'wished to" know if tho petitioners desired a general discussion on the question, so that tho . views of "ratepayers might be fully ventilated. Tho.MAYon said that the meeting was a preliminary meeting to urrange for the hold ing of public gatherings in .connection with the forthcoming referendum. » - ' Mr.- KnacrAsi) said that to him the word-', ing of the petition was ambiguous. Was this a preliminary meeting held for the par- pose or arranging for meetings, and would tho council have "to pay for the halls in which those gatherings were held, and which wonld ho addressed by the petitioners, as they in their wisdom or unwisdom might think fit f The Mayob said that if Mr. Kirkland had read tho advertisement ho -would have seen that the meeting was a preliminary one.. As to the expense, that had been debited to his personal account, and ho hod no doubt ,thut tho committee, if one were appointed, would relievo him of that personal liability. Aid. 11 'Nab, as one of the petitioners, had signed the petition, because such prominence had been given to only one side of the ques tion. He thought tho subject should bo discussed in all its phasos. Aid. .Haxx said he too had aigned the peti tion. Tho meeting was called by those who were on tho side whioh.' had not. been pro minently advocated, and was for the purpose of devising means whereby the petitioners might put their opinions before the public. , Mr. Goodhead : Why should thoy ask yon, Mr. Mayor, to call the meeting"? Could they not call 0110 themselves ? . Tho Mayob ;said that was hardly the ques tion before the meeting. Ho had been peti tioned to call tho meeting and he had done so. It was a matter for his decision. Aid. Hiaas noticed tbat nearly all; the gentlemen who had signed the petition wero in . favour of the lighting proposals being carried into effect by a company. The Mayob: No at all; only - two that I know of— Aid. Seal and Hall. .That is not indicated in the petition. Aid. Hiqgs said that thero were those pre sent who' would not have attended had they not understood that ; the meeting wus a public meeting. , The Mayob : I think you are right in coming here. Aid. Hiqqs would be only too liappy to havo a full discussion, and did not wish-to have an advantage oTer anybody.' He was only too anxions to get the ratepayers to take uh interest in tho matter. At present -too little interest was (abeu in the question. Mr. Chathan urged that tho oitizens should be aroused to' take, an -active part in' the question. ' As to our ' eleolrio tramways, he held there was ho better .system in vogne anywhere. -Would tho council undertake this work of.eleotrio lighting?; - In the nex't-plaoe would the ratepayers allow tho council' to do'; ,'so. ,("No, no," and ."Yes." j He wasnot going " behind the bush," and did not favour the council taking the matter of electrio'light- ing lip. Ala. Hall saw ' difficulty in the way of holding a public meeting, which might re solve itself only, into a debating elate. . Aid. Hians : We will have a time limit. Aid. Hall said ho had no objection to snch a meeting. Tho matter was one for the citizens to decide, and not the aldermen. The people at present evinced little interest in the matter. Ho wonld move,—" Tbat a meeting should be convened by those who wero un-, favourable to tho council undertaking this work." Aid. Seal seconded. Dr. Culi-in moved as an amendment, and Aid. Hiaos seconded it, — " That a meeting should be called without aiiy restriction as to party." Aid. Higgs suggested both sides should decide as to time limits and tho speakers who should address the meeting. Aid. Hall said his only object being to have a fair discussion, and provided thero was equal opportunity afforded caoh side to dis cuss the matter in public, ho would withdraw his proposal. This was agreed to,- and the suggestion of Dr. Cnlpin was adopted. Soma discussion ensued as.to too method of arranging for the meeting and deciding on the speakers to bo heard pro and coil. - It wus evontually moved by Aid. Hall that Messrs. James Ghupman, Josiah Young, and A. M. Kirkland, and Aid. Higgs should make all arrangements for the meeting.- Mr. S. W. Bbooxs questioned whether aldermen should he allowed to take port. Why not leave the matter to the ratepayers outside tho council ? (Hear, hear.) Another gentleman said the aldermea should not be debarred from speaking. Mr. KttittiInd said ho considered the sug gestion was made to prevent Mr. Higgs from .speaking. (Disorder.) A Voice : We are not afraid of Aid. Higgs or any other alderman. Mr. Bbooxs: I have not the slighteat.ghost of a fear from Aid. Higgs's speaking. , The Mayob: Any ratepayer has a right to be beard on these questions. Aid. Hiaos said he was : quite willing, 8 the various sides were permitted to appoint their ' speakers, to retire from the oommittee. ; What was there about an alderman so disreputable that he should not be allowed to address the oitizens? . The Mayob : Yon miss my point altogether. The aldermen will have to deal with this question as aldermen, aud surely one innings is enough for them. Mr. Kibxland : I submit, Mr. Mayor, that Mr. Brooks throw out a suggestion and not a motion. We are taking too much notice of it. The Mayob: I think any suggestion coming from a ratepayer should be given consideration. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Younq moved as an amendment, " That the committee consist of Aid. Hall and Higgs, aud Messrs. A. J. Ross, J. Chapman, A. a. Kirkland, and J. Young." / The amendment was carried. ' Mr. Ross was. chosen as convener of .thb meeting. At the instance of Aid. Hiaos add Hall, a hearty vote of thanks, was passed to the Mayor, the mover alluding to the softening influence the Mayor had .exercised , on the meeting. . . . - 