THE PATRIOTIC SERVICE. A BRILLIANT SUCCESS. In spite of the forbidding character of the weather yesterday there was a very large muster of citizens last evening in connection with the Patriotic Service held in Christ Church. Shortly before 8 o'clock the town hand, under the direction of Mr. Thorpe, took up a position in front of the town hall and played several airs while the friendly Moieties and other public bodies formed into line of procession. This was headed by mem bers of the Mounted RifleSj who were followed by the Rechabites, the Foresters, and the Odd fellows, all of whom were in large force, and wore their rcsj>ective regalia. The members of the council and their officers brought up the rear. In this order thev proceeded to the church, on reaching which those in front formed two lines, between which xnarcbed the mayor and councillors, the others falling in in the reverse of the previous order. A consider- ablejwrtion of the body of the bnildinghad been reserved for the council and friendly societies, and this was well filled, the various regalia, with tbe uniforms of the Mounted Rifles and the flags with which the church was decorated, combining to create a very novel and striking effect. Although numerous chairs were .brought into requisition all the av. liable seam were occupied, the building being crowded. The service, which opened with the singing of Brunton Stephens' Australian Anthem, con sisted of a reading from Scripture, prayers, hymns, and an eloquent address by Canon Hay- man, whose remarks, contrary to the usage of churches, were cordially applauded. The town band rendered very effective assistance in the musical portion of the programme. At the close a collection was taken up by the Mounted Rifles and realised the handsome total of £23. The following address was delivered by Canon Ha man : — Your Worship, Fellow Citizens, — We meet to-night for a two- fold purpose (1) To com mend to the care of the God of Battles the Victorian troops who go forth to fight for the Empire in South Africa, aud (21 to show practical sympathy by contributing to the fund that is being raised for the families of those who may be killed or wounded in the conflict. War, like most other things, has a two-sided aspect. It carries with it both a curse and a blessing. The curse of war is manifest. Human life, the highest giftof God, is spilt like water on the ground. The bleeding wounds, the mangled limbs, the lifeless corpse, take the place of the buoyant spirit, the active frame, the healthful vigour of youth and manhood ; the suffering of the innocent, the strain upon the wives and families, who know not from day to day what sad news may reach them. The actual grief of widows and orphans when they learn of their dear ones fallen and buried in a foreign land. The material waste, the destruction in a moment of splendid conceptions of genius, of the works of men s hands, that took years to accomplish. The ruin of commerce. Who can deny the curse of it all ? ' The great Duke of W ellington used to say, " If only >ersons who think and talk lightly of war 'had but one day's ex perience of its horrors,they would pray as they never did before, 'Give peace in our rime, O Lord/" How to get rid of war and at the same time maintain the national dignity, and not compromise the national safety is a prob lem hard to solve. The existence of force seems to- day needful for the maintenance of right. But while this is so, we can at teast be encouraged by the language of inspired pro phecy. A day will come (we know) when nation shall not lift «p sword against nation, neither shall they leam war any more. The Psalmist looked forward to a time when t ere shall be abundance of jace o long as the world «ndnreth. The Holy Ghost speaks x>f a time when they shall not hurt or destroy in all my lioly moun tain, for the earth shall be full of the know ledge of the Lord as the waters cover the sea." But war carries also with it a BtesfiiiitJ. Ben jamin Franklin remarked that there was never a good war, era bad j>ence. But history shows that there has been many a bad i>eaceaiid many A just war. It must not be forgotten that life itself is a warfare. In a sense it i6 profoundly true that every man worthy of the name is a soldier. His moral worth is deter mined by his readiness to ' ght-. We advance through the brushing aside of obstacles. The path of progress is over the path of conflict. He knows not bow to love the trne.tbat knows not how to liate the false. And would'st thou reach, rash scholar Love's high unruffled state ? Awake, thy easy dream resign. First learn thee how to h .'c. Some of the noblest qualities of men are de- veloi>ed in war. Kindness, mercv, genrrositv, illumine the field of battle, and touch the hearts of millions with a force that thev rarely would in days of peace. There is both a curse and a blessing in war. Fellow citizens, what are we fighting for to-day? Wo are fighting for Christian civilisation. Wo are fighting for national existence. We do not claim that England is entrusted with the sword of the Almighty to settle every dis- Cute on the earth. But we foci sure that the est interests of humanity in the future lie in the supremacy of Teutonic civilisation, repre sented by Great Britain, the United States and Germany. Believing that the civilisation of these three Powers has a great and divine mis- | sion before it, and believing that England is j the first person in this trinity, we are bound to strain ever nerve to hold our em pire together. And Jt i.s to be observed that the holding of our Empire together is really at stake in the present conflict. It is not simplv a question of supremacy in South Africa. l)efeat there would be the beginning of the break-up of the Empire. But every Englislmian rests assured that there is not the slightest danger of this. Lord Beaconsfield speaking in the House of Lords on one oc casion when Russia >peared to be menacing India, and men were discussing our position in Afghanistan, made use of these memorable words. He said " The key of India is not Herat The key of India is not Candafaar. The key of India is London. In the majesty of sovereignty ; in the spirit and vigour of your Parliament ;in the inexhaustible resources of a free, an ingenious and a deter mined people." Fellow citizens, it is this three-fold link that, under God, holds our Empire together to-day. It is first the majesty of sovereignty— the Queen. We are an absolutely free people, yet nowhere is the majesty of sovereignty so profoundly felt as in the British Empire. Not a thousandth portion of the Queen's people have ever seen her, yet she is continually in all their thought. I do not think there is any human circumstance ra the whole range of history so touching, or so unique, as the relation ship existing between Queen Victoria ana the British people. The attri bute which ' above all others has entwined her around the affections of her sub jects is her gracious and unfailing sympathy. And to-day, throwing back the narrowing and 6elf-centering tendencies of old age, she pre sents to the world the marvellous spectacle of a woman of 80, not only intact in all the finer elements of her being, but with a heart that seems to beat 'stronger than, ever in love for her people,"' withnpathies that aeem only to grqjy tftidcvJSfeth the years. How simple and yet' how diflirified her words of farewell to the Household Cavalry betore they left for South Africa, " I have asked you who have always served near me to come here that I may take leave of you before you start on your long voyage to a distant part of my empire, in whose defence your comrades are now so noblv fighting. 1 know that you will always do your duty to your Sovereign and your country, wherever that duty may lead yon, and I pray ,- - God to protect you and bring you back safely home." It has been well pointed out that the Queen both bears and is the standard round which the Empire rallies - to-day. Noiyhere is the truth of this more emphasised than in Aus tralia, when the firet feeling of ewtf-y loyal heart has instinctively been: How will -the war affect the Queen ? It was in Hyde Park, on the 26th June, 1857, tliat the Queen de livered the Victoria Cross to the heroes of the Crimea, and may we not hope that ere the prcBent year is cut . she may perform a similar ceremony, in which some of our contingents mr-y share? Next to the Queen, tbe strength of our Empire 'lies. (2) in the spirit and vigour of our Par liaments. Free assemblies with legislative, power are the mast cherished jjosweion of our jbcol It is a happy omen that from the House of Commons, she, who has been styled the mother of Parliaments and the noblest temjile of freedom in the world, down to every Colonial Assembly throughout the Empire,' there has been . xeaarkaUo imanimity in regard to the prosecution of tins" war. In the Australian Parliaments it is especially noteworthy that, whereas there was some eligbt opposition to thV eroding. the first contingent, immediately the Imperial need became manifest there wasa Tcloamg -of Parliamentary ranks, and members voted un animously for supjilies for tha second corititte .gent. Itisof the first, importance that enr J ParbameaiteshoaM be animated uitlrloyil and. -"PAtrioticeentimenls, and it iaamftiter for our history titey have proved worthy of 4be coufider&e; that has beenreposedinlh«iu The -third ipnat Jink. fibUkEm tojrt&er; Hes in .fia. ft - itrft ait sTiftfr invn ni 1 atrapn foge»fct»4dj .ddcnniMpmla \ -When men .indicate : to the ulthnate isaue of this j rewiircas rof thev mbnesv -At sliiriwaagifte ;jvar jwatfr Napoleon Ahbs; ' 'if? staggering sum of 1200 millions, ana her re- lative indebtedness would only then be what it was 80 years ago, end would represent even less per head of the people, than the. -debt of the colony of Victoria at the present moment. Then there are her resources in people. The population of the Empire is 400 mwioos, of ' whomGl millions are members of the British race. Consider the enormous armies 'die could , put into the field if it became necessary .for her to extend her strength. But bound these practically untouched resources of 'men . and money, and greater than them, there lies the character of the British people. Lord Bcaconsfield well describes them as free.riii- genious and determined. They are free. No where on God a earth do people enjoy such liberty as under the British flag. No where on God's earth are ' men so free to work out their own destiny as in the empire of the Queen. And it is just because the British Empire .stands for justice,, and equal rights between man and man ; it is | just because our people think that their privi- ' leges are worth preserving and worth contend ing for, that they enthusiastically draw the sword in her defence to-day. The British too are ingenious. They are a brains-carrying people. They make mistakes for they are only human j but they have wisdom to acknowledge their mistakes and to repair and profit by them. But above all the British people are de termined. Tbe C&iie; Minister of the Crown, who told the Boers that for every Englishman they killed ten would take his place, spoke truly. , At the close of the prolonged struggle with France, which ended with Waterloo, a great ; Englishman addressing a meeting said, " You all remember what a spectacle this country ex hibited during tile war — oqq - heart, one voice, one weapon, one purpose." Fellow citizens, I call you to wit- nfs that this is our attitude to-day. The empire is as resolute to-day as she ever was. She sets forth one heart, one voice, one weapon, one purjiose, in her determination to maintain her ground in South Africa. The issue of the present conflict cannot long be de layed. The Boers fight against destiny ; the future lies with us, sustained with the triple power of the majesty of the sovereignty, the spirit and vigour of our Parliaments the inexhaustible resources of a free and ingenious and a determined people ; we bear the banner of the highest Christian civilisation to a certain and not far distant victory. But victory can never be obtained without sacrifice. Already many brave men have fallen, and in all probability many more have yet to fall. Apart from the determined spirit of the people there is nothing more remarkable than the enthusiasm which has beep shown in raising sums of niouey'for the families of the killed and wounded. Throughout the leugtli and breadth of the empire men, women aud children are! simply wing with each other in heaping up funds. \Vhetber it be children in New Zealand giving up their picnics, or a £2000 collection at a single meeting in Melbourne, or a Sydney audience raining gold and silver upon the platform, or great noble men at home giving up their country seats as hospitals, it is everywhere the same. Every hamlet, every town, every city in the Queen s dominions, is engaged in the greatest and the most spontaneous act of patriotic generosity that mankind has ever witnessed. In this splendid rivalry the people of Hamilton gladly take their part. We give to night towards the fund for the families of our own Vlctoriau troops who may suffer. We cannot make up to any widows and orphans their Joss. They will in deed have the abiding consolation that their dear ones nobly fell in the service of their Queen, but they caunofc cease to mourn for those who have died in a far-off country, and from whose ashes there will not spring the violet of their native land. But though we can not offer any true equivalent to the bereaved, we can at least show gratitude and sympatlij\ And so we contribute of our gold and silver to-night. Wo shall not calculate too closely how much we shall give. The men who have gone in our stead will not calculate their valour, but will jeopard their lives unto the death. So in the same spirit we shall give freely, generously, o\orflow- ingly. Our individual names will not ap pear on the public subscription lii-ts as arc-' suit of this patriotic service, but we shall re ceive the more lasting approbation of our consciences. Wh shall give, I believe, this evening an yiuiouut- worthy of being flashed throughout the colour, as an evident token that in this national crisis Hamilton knows her duty, and is not miniindful of the men who, from every pare of the Empire, have gone forth to fight her battles and maintain her freedom. 