THE WAGGON DRIVER'S TALE. AN AUSTRALIAN STORY. BY MARY FLANAGAN, GEELONG. "Come boys closer to the fire, and try and make your miserable lives happier. Pass the bottle wben you're done, Bill, for its as cold a night as ever I have felt since I started carrying on the roads, and that's a tidy number of years. Now, Jerry, string the. 'lute,' the fiddle I mean, and give us a tune:— a darkie medley, and when you finish I'll tell you a story that will explain why I am so fond of anything that has a darkie tinge in it. When you've heard my story, I'll stand a bottle of brandy at the next pub we strike, if you don't agree with me. So fire away Jerry?" and thus bidden, Jerry plays, if not with much skill, at least sweetly, the familiar strains of the "Old Folks at Home." They are but a rough set of men, but music, no matter how badly rendered, touches the heart as well as bringing softened memories to the mind. Bill Burke, who is counted the hardest case on the roads—and that is something amongst a tough lot—bows his head, and a sound, very like a sigh, escapes his lips. The old driver's gray head wags as though he were repeating some tale to himself. It was a strange scene, the blaze of the fire lit up the tall gum trees which assumed grotesque shapes in its flickering glow; the three men beside it garbed in the rough style of their calling, the large wag- gons close by, the horses picketed at the side, with their noses in the chaff bags, lift- ing their heads now and then as if they too were enjoying the music. As the last sound dies away, Bill Burke gives the fire a vigorous kick as though to wake himself from the thoughts the sound of the violin had brought back. "Now, boss," he says, "Let's hear the story?" And, after a few preliminary puffs of a long pipe. Bill begins: "Well, boys, when I landed first in this country I was about the greenest new chum that ever rolled up a swag. Those were the days when a man could see some life. Why I've often seen the miners lighting their pipes with pound notes. Think of a man doing it now! Well, it was rather too flash. I remember one fellow we used to call Dark Evans. I have seen that chap spend as much as thirty pounds in a couple of hours at one of those small shanties, where the miners used to put up for a spree. I saw him the last time I was in Sydney,and, blow me, if he had a de- cent rag on his back; and as to boots, heaven and earth, the uppers and soles were tied together with string, true as gospel. Rather a come down wasn't it; he knew me at once. Different times to the old days, Mac. Aye, Dark, my boy, they were too good to last. They were that, and the sigh he heaved was a sermon in itself. But to get on with the storv. When I landed, the gold rushes were at their height, and I was one of hun- dreds that ran on a wild goose chase up the crooked river, only to find when we got there, the only gold to be had was what we brought ourselves, and lord, that would never cause a rush. So back I tramped, and, one evening, footsore and hungry, I struck a small township. As I made my way up the one street it had, I saw a great hulking bulloek-driver kicking and cuffing a weedy- looking nigger, and when his hands were tired he'd use his feet. Well, boys, I never liked to interfere with another man's show, but hang it, nigger or no nigger, he was a human being, and I simply couldn't stand it, so up I goes, and before the big chap knew where he was I struck him a blow under the ear. Down he went like a log, he wasn't long down till he was up again and at me, but I was a strong young fellow then and handy with my fists, so he was soon glad enough to cry quits. But the difficulty didn't end there. When I went into the pub to get a wash and a feed, why, dash me if the nigger wasn't after me cringing for all the world like a stray dog. Well, I never did hanker after niggers, and all the stories I heard the old timers' tell of the treachery of the Australian blacks didn't make me any fonder of them. But, do what I would, I couldn't get rid of him, he stuck to me like a plaster. I used to dodge him and tramp to the next town- ship, but there he would be before me, grinning like a cat. 'Clear,' I would say to him, but all I could get out of him was, 'Me like you, boss,' and that used to settle it. Somehow or other I got used to him, for he was very handy in his own way. 'Well,' says I to him one day, 'if we are going to run a company I would like to know your name.' But the heathenish handle he owned up to would lockjaw me if I tried to say it, so I christened him Jumbo. We knocked about together for six months, but things were going from bad to worse, so one day I says to the nigger, 'Jumbo, my black friend, this company will have to burst, it's not able to support two live partners.' The face he screwed up on him when he heard that would make a comic picture, and he tried to make me understand that there was no need to starve whilst he had his boomerang and there were birds and game to be knocked over. 'It's not that, Jumbo,' I replied. 'It's this I want,' and I showed him some small nuggets I used to carry about me for luck. 'Me know where's dey's heaps of dat stuff, boss,' he says, 'so high,' raising his black paw about three feet from the ground. 'None of your lies now, nigger!' 'No lies, boss. Me show you where if you keep Jumbo.' 'Keep you, black diamond,' I said, for I was half mad with delight, for I oould see he was telling the truth ; 'yes, for ever. But mind, if it's lies you and me part.' 'Right, boss,' he says. And after some questioning he tells me in his own way that about fifty miles west of where we were there was a large mountain and in the caves underneath the gold was to be found. So next morning I got some supplies, and off we started. On the second day we struck the spot. Glory, boys, it was a wild looking place. You could hardly make your way to the foot of the mountain for the scrub, and the rocks that grew out of the sides of that mountain were a living wonder; they were bigger than a house. It was late in the even- ing when we arrived, so we struok camp for the night. All the next day we spent looking for the cave, and it wasn't till the evening that we found it, but as there was hardly any daylight we left the search till morning. We were up early, and in the cave, searching, but not a sign of gold anywhere, though I stuck my pick into every part of that cave till at last I thought.that the nigger had made a fool of me, but just at that moment Jumbo executed a dance round the entrance to tho cave, so I hurried up to see what was the matter. Snake bit you partner! 'No, boss, me find him, look?' And, boys, sure enough, there was about a hundred pounds worth of nug- gets buried in the sand. Down I went on my knees and shovelled it into a canvas bag I had brought with me. Jumbo, I says, this never grew here, it was hidden. He didn't understand. 'All de same, boss, it gold'; and he was right. And so we searched for more, but the night coming on, we had to stop. Such a night as we had? I sang songs till I was hoarse, and Jumbo sat there listening as if it was heavenly, and when I stopped he started, and, boys, if you were there ye'd have laughed yourselves sick at his capers. Talk of Robinson Crusoe and his man Friday, he was'nt in it with me and that nigger. We spent close on three days searching, but we could'nt hit out any more finds, so we concluded to take a rest. One evening Jumbo went fishing to a small stream at the left of the mountain, and when he did'nt turn up at night, I was'nt uneasy, for he often stayed out all night fishing, but all the next day there was no sign of him, and when night came on I began to feel uncomfortable, and all the stories I had heard of the treachery of the native blacks ran through my mind. Perhaps there was a tribe near by and he and them palled up, and if he told them of the gold I guessed they would try and take it from me, and it ain't a very cosy thing to be in the bush at night not knowing when a spear would stick in your ribs. I had just thrown a few branches on the fire when who should I see running towards me as if a cemetery of ghosts were after him, but Jumbo, with his little black eyes sticking out of his head like currants out of a pud- ding. What is it, Jumbo, says I! 'O boss, dis nigger nearly dead?' No wonder. Do you often take fits like this, I says. 'Dat's not it, boss, when I was fishing I heard a noise so I popped down dis head.' That was wise Jumbo. 'It were, boss, and den I heerd someone say dey's been here and took de gold, and he swore a big swear, and say he kill him as took it. And they camped just in front of me, and I was 'fraid to stir, so I sat dere like a possum, an' I hear 'em say, when it gets light they'd find him a took it an' bnrn him alive. They were bad white man boss.' The black's tale completely knocked me under, for I knew there was a desperate gang of bushrangers somewhere about those parts, and it must have been them as planted the gold that they killed and robbed some miner for, and I had no weapons, as I sold my gun to buy tucker for my tramp, so I can tell you boys I felt very low. I asked Jumbo how many men he thought were there, and he said, 'five by their talk.' I didn't know what to do. Just then Jumbo fell flat on the ground, and after listening for a minute he jumped up, 'Quick, boss, they come this way,' and with that he ran towards the cave. I soon followed, and just as I got inside, ping went a bullet clean through my arm. I gave a low cry of pain, Jumbo ran to my side, 'Quick, boss,' and he pulled off my coat and wrapped it round my arm to prevent the blood running on to the sand for them to track us by. He'd scarcely done this, when another shot was fired; it was poor Jumbo's turn this time, through the shoulder. I tried to stem the blood, but he stopped me. 'No, boss,' he said 'you hide quick, see dat hole up dere in de rock, they no.find you dere.' No, Jumbo, I'll not go, I'll stick to you. 'No, boss, you go, I stay here and gammon only one man here.' No, Jumbo, you come. 'No boss, me blood track us, den dey kill you. You sabe poor Jumbo from bullook-driver, I sabe you from bad white men.' I could see it meant death to stay, and I went, for you know I was young and life is vary sweet, but I felt a mean sort of coward as I climbed up the rocks and got into a hole I found at the top. It wasn't long till they reached the cave, and found Jumbo. They grabbed him and searched all over the cave, as they believed there was another, but they never came near where I had hidden. So they went back to Jumbo, and threatened him, but Jumbo stuck out there was only himself, but they wouldn't believe him, and they tied him to a tree out- side the cave, and lashed him with their whips, and though I couldn't see them I could hear what they were doing, but Jumbo still stuck out there was only himself. 'Flay the black wretch alive,' said one inhuman fiend, and they did. At last nature gave way, and poor Jumbo's cries were stilled, so they rode away cursing. After a quarter of an hour I ventured out, and, boys, the sight of that nigger will never leave my mind. He was lying iu a pool of his own blood, for the wretches had cut him down from where they had him tied, thinking he was dead. I ran to his side, and kneeling down raised his poor head. Jumbo, speak to me,' I cried. He opened his eyes, where the film of death had already gathered. 'Boss,' he whis- pered, 'I fooled dem. I'se dying, boss, but dey not catch you. Don't forger poor Jumbo.' And then he died. Oh, boys, I cried over that poor black more tears than ever I did since I was a little kiddie and they told me my mother was dead. I hid his poor mangled body under some scrub and made my way to the township. When I got there and had my arm attended to I told my story and a crowd of the boys went with me to the place where Jumbo's body was hidden, and they carried him as tenderly as if it were one of their own children, back to the township. And of all the slap-up funerals any one had that poor nigger got. Even the little chil- dren came and brought flowers. I was chief mourner, as well I might, seeing what he'd done for me. The gang was hunted up and caught, and I had the satisfaction of seeing them hung. So now, boys, you know why I am so fond of anything that has a darkie tinge in it. For you know that the good Lord in heaven says that no man can do more than lay down his life for his friend, and he speaks the truth and don't care whether a man's white or black, so long as his soul is clean, and what more could any white man do than that poor nigger did for me. So good-night, boys." And as he finished he rose up and walked slowly to his waggon. Jerry and Bill were silent for a while. "Bill," says Jerry, " that nigger were a white man." "He were," said Bill Burke, "and if any man says he wasn't, I'll punch his head." 