A GHOST IN THE LAW COURT. One of tbe most celebrated Assize cases arose I out of a murder committed iu Warwickshire. I A farmer, on bis return from the market at Soutbam, was murdered. A man went the next , morning to his wife, and inquired if her husband I came homo tbeevening before. She replied no, I and that she was under the utmost auxiety aud I terror on that account. Your terror, said he, I uauuut. c^uui uiiud, ior iaa& uiguc, aa x lay iu my i bed, quite awake, tho apparition of your hus band appeared to me, showed me several stabs in hia body, told me he had been murdered by such a person, and his carcase thrown into such | a marl pit. The alarm was given, tho pit j searched, tbe bady found, tho wounds answered j tho description of them. The man whom tbo ghost had accused was apprehended, and com mitted on a violent suspicion ef murder. His trial came on at Warwick before the Lord Chief Justice Raymond, wheu the Jury would have convicted, as rashly as the Justice of the Peace had committed bim, had not the Judge checked them. He addressed himself iu words to this purpose : 44 1 think, gentlemen, yeu seem inclined to lay more stress on the evideuce ot au apparition thau it will bear, I cannot say that I give muoh credit to these kind of stories ; but, .be that aa it will, we have no right to follow our own private opinion here ; we are now in a Court of Law, and must determine according to it ; and I know not of aDy law now in being whioh will admit of the te&timeay; of an apparitiou ; nor yet, if it did, doth tbo ghost appear to give evideuce. Crier,' said he, ' call tho ghost !' which was tbrioe done, but to no purpese. It appeared not,.*' Gentlemen of the jury,' con tinued the judge, 41 the prisoner at the bar, as you have heard, by undeniable witnesses is a man of unblemished character ; nor bath it appeared, in the.course of the examination, that tharo was any mauner of quarrel or grudge be tween bim and tho party dtceaaed. I do verily believe him to be perfeotly iunocent ; and, as there is no evidence against bio, either positivo or circumstantial, he must be acquitted. But from circumstances which have arisen during the trial, 1 do strongly suspect the gentleman who saw the apparition was himself the mur derer, iu whioh case he might easily ascertain the pit, the stabs, &c;„ without any supernatural assistance ; and on such suspicion 1 shall think myself justified in committing him to olo*e custody, till tho matter can be further inquired into.' This 'was immodiatoly dene, und a warrant granted f»r searching his house, when such strong, proofs sf guilt appeared against him, tHat he confessed tha murder, and was sentenced to be executed at the next assizes* 