In the Wight Express, Science Works Miracles.. A prinoe of thp trains is the long lino of magnificent ', sleeping-cars ; and " corridor" coaches that stretches from end to end of the departure platform in the great glass-roofed terminus, says a writor in the Olole. You stroll on a short journey ot inspection colore taxing your place, and-, you fcol that as a rail way passenger, oyori pf the third class, you ore in these , days a person of importance. For you; just because you happen to ho a humblo member of what thoy cqll the "travelling publio," minded to go forth some two or threo hundred miles from homo, tho possi bility of travel has gradually become its easo, its case becomes its comfort, and its comfort luxury. For you, with your: couple of sovereigns in your pocket, has. modern- s'oionco worked its miracles, ! to drive "your road a notion's length," and send you flying along the same, by night or by day, in a palaeo on wheels — -and " six- wheel bogies " at that. It is not yours to haveseon Shakespeare inthe flesh or taken a cup of tea with Dr. Johnson ; but it is yours to fly from -London to Edinburgh in nine hours and . a bed. Time has his compensations ob well as his revenges, and though the tendonoy of them may bo .to the utilitarian, they are by no means. contemptible in. opera tion. Nor is a. jouriioy by the night express a thing prosaio, to those who do riot sleep. If porforcp it must bo a vigil, matter for reflection is provided for the watcher. " ' ; 'A . ... v - ' ' But our time is now come, for tho hands of the big clock have crept up to the starting hour. ' Already the two great locomotives have- glided up and been \- uoupled to oun taain, and tho men in charge, 'having . given tho last look round, are leaning, out to wateh for their signal. . Presently it comes ; two or three mcmbors of an army of red lights change to greon ; the ponderous driving wheels strain at tho huge dead weight behind them, slip through their ovor ; eagerness, and ; uuciij pulling tuoms6lv68 LOgctjuOfj t&ko; an irresistiblo grip' of the metals, and walk off . steadily . into, the darkness with their load. ! Out wo glide into the night, rich, men, going comfortably to bed," poor men settling themsalves not uncomfortably to invito the sleep god. ' Arid now we are rush ing rather than gliding, rushing onward, ever onward, into tho night; rushing past tho sheds where , weary engines rest and are fed arid cleaned ; rushing ' through n'littla suburban station, whero a huinblo littlo train-of- oll-work is discharging a load of sleepy thoatre-goers ; rushing' out into tho country now, spoeding aoross fields whoro shadowy trees wave '.'-ghostly arms to ua tbrougli the night ; rushing now magnificently and taking the road iu our stride as we find it, at ono moment .plunging through a cutting, at.nnothor shooting out over h -viaduct, sparks', and. red-hot oindors : swooping pastils along'tho .hedgerows, andthe glarq emitted by; tho ' ever-opening furbace door casting its woird light over the darkness; For ho. -it remembered that we aro flying' through' the night and all the inherent horror of darkness. Therein lies the peculiar fascination of tho experieneo.. , Sleoplbss among tho sleepers; you shoot across tho map, and high overhead - the: greon lights shine upon; your comirim urging you onward and ever . onward. ; Truly a wondrous flight, and almost , - - v Bokdeking , Uro'n, the . Unoannt. Yet familiarity with it 'has hrfid con tempt in tho minds' of many men, and to them it is a ./column in the hook of BradBhaw, nothing moro. ' : The moon has by this time appeared to innko the darkness visible and oast her placid light over the landscape and the objects ever sweeping past. Cot tages arid farmhousoB arid old-fashioned country ohurohes, hero a picturesque - village' and there a fairly large market town, all come gliding into view and go off fading out of sight, all bathed in the dim ; moonlight,. cold and gray and ghost-like, sunk in sleep's temporary oblivion of tho external world. And still tho endless white steam-cloud is flying overhead unceasing; still the sparks and red ' cinders come hounding along:; the track; still continues the wild chorus of the wheels. A heavy rumbling mineral train, going in our direction, is' overtaken and left behind. The, rails increase and multiply into a wide expanse pf gleaming; bars to ; right and left; tracks anc. waggons pnd : shunting engines, all the accessories and properties of the goods yard of some large station, rush into sight and vanish at tho sound ef a long- drawn shriek, ending in a very toler able yoll, that sends us flying through tho great deserted station, with its long stretches of unoccupied platforms.' in- hospitablo . refreshment-rooms, end looked . and abandoned booking-office. "Whew he : ita/tbrocgmg wwds nowi and its normal scone of lifo-and - hustle end business and .. animation ? What sing our bogie-wheels, with emphasis? " Thoy say the lion find the lizard keep .- Tho. courts whero JainBhyd gloried; and drank doop." Andi stationed' up aloft in his cabin, watching over the deserted and desolate station; alert and vigilant and- obedient to the hell, is The Goon Genius of Oun Headlong Rush, the man who pulls the lovers that change tho red lights into greon. Think of him and his brethren, ye comfortable gentlemen at your easo iu tho flying night express; think of thom with gratitude. Doubtless yon sometimes ave a feeling of admiration for tho higfily trained, cool, level headed fel lows on the footplate, they who oalmly hurl tho huge train through the dark ness, ever; watching for the "distant" and the "home," with brake and regu lator at fingers' ond. Let tho hermits of tho signals, keeping a 'lonely vigil iu their lofty cubins, have some share of your appreciation.' For truly beneficent among tho sons of men are they who control the coloured lights at tho pole tops, the lords of tho distant lamps, the working executive of the great block system. 