THE AND DARLING RIVER ADVOCATE. WEDNSEDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1900. TIIE "WKSTRRN DIVISION COMMISSION. BELIEVING Unit the members of this Commission are fully sensible of the urgency us well as tho importation of tlio matter referred to thorn, wo venture to Rppoal to thorn to be aa oipeditious as possible in carrying out their oner ous task. Tho problem thoy lmvo to inquire into is undoubtedly a complex one that to be properly treated must be thoroughly treated. l'urtlinr, the area of country presenting that problem is enormous, and to visit oven a fow of tho districts within its boundaries is an undertaking of considerable magnitude and involving much time. But thoBe factors emphasise, rather th&u; woaken, tlio obligation undoubtedly resting upou tho Commissioners to act with oil! tho promptness circumstanco3 will allow. But without wishing to indulgo in any hyper-criticism, it must ba said that soma little disappointment is being experienced at the rate of progress ao far exhibited. Tho Commission WBB appointed on tlio 11th August last, or nearly five months ago. Since then it has, in addition to taking a quautity of ovidouee in Sydney and Melbourne, visited Bourke and Browarrina. So far as its inten tions aro known it proposes to visit. Broken Hill and the- VVilcaunia and Slonindio districts, while it is being pressed to visit other localities, includ ing tho western Riverine. Tho former tour is ossential. It would tako tho Commissioners through a totally diN ferent class of oouniry, and bring tliem faco to faco with a different set of problems to those thoy liavo inspector!, or oncouncored in their previous peri ginations. Tha Commissioners are no doubt fully aware of this, and whatever elso may ba ex cluded from their programme, it may bo taken for granted this will stand, Hamlet without the ghost would not be a moro lame and impotent affair than would an inquiry into the Western Division that failed to give Bpecial and direct gttoiuion to tho districts named. To visit tliem and oonduct suoli a looal inquiry as will enablo the Commis sioners^ to garner the full fruits of their visit will necessarily tako time, tvhilo thero must still bo a considerable quan tity of evidonco which it will bo most convenient to take in Sydney. Add to this that after tho evidence is closed it requires to be considered and a report fouuded UDOU it, and it becomos evi« dent that tho Commission is not yet half through its work. At the present rate of progress it is not likely to be finished for (five or six mouths. Wo j aro not contending that even if this I tirno is consumed, it will havo occupied an inordinately long period. On tho contrary, if tho Commission took evon longer it could not, iu vioiv of the mag nitude of tho task entrusted to it, bo fairly accused of dilatoriuoss. For it must be vemombered that tlio majority of tho menil'ors aro actiug wjthout romut iteration, and it would be a littlo un» reasonable to expect them to throw asido all their own atfairs and dovolo themselves exclusively to the inquiry thoy aro commissioned to institute. Bill whilo it would bo unfair to infer that thoy hava b«U panting in dili gence, tho uiembeis ot tho C^uiujilisipn will, we aro sure, rightly interpret i an arpcat to them to make | all tho baste compatible with good speed. Quite apart from tiio fact ihp.t overy dny's delay is fraught with serious consequences to western settlers there i3 a special reason presented by political circumstances that renders the early presentation of the Commissioners; report particularly desirable. Upon that report the Government will pre sumably found a Bill for presentation to Parliament. "With the Federal elec tions intervening it is hardly likely the Stato Parliament will meet again before April, and when it does meet it will be preparatory to n dissolution. Sessions held under the shadow of dissolution are not usually productive ormuob solid work and it iB loo much to expect the approaching one to be any exception to the rule. Unless therefore tho Commissioners' report is available in time to onabie the Government to form ulate its western bind policy early in the session, there is very little hope of the much needed legislation being ob tained from tho present Assembly. To hold tho matter over till the election of a new House is not only to entail a delay serious to western interests but to involve them in the maelstrom of the election in which they may bo lost sight of. So much has been done to bring tho position of the west before Parliament and the country, that it is iafe to assume, that, if afforded the opportunity, the former will eagerly pass a fair and liberal amending law. There is no knowing how far tho exig encies of party politics may, in the tur moil of an election, thrust this question aside, or newer subjects serve to over shadow it. There arc onongh Parlia mentarians on tho Commission to ap preciate the danger lurking in delay. We appeal to them, bb well as to their non-Parliamentary confreres, to use all expedition and, even at considerable personal inconvenience, to endeavour to complete their labours in time to per- | mit of legislation founded thereon being proceeded with early in the next ses sion. Wo havo confidence that such an appeal will meet with a sympathetic i response. I 