RUTH. (By Rev. Alexander Whyte, D.D.) "The same is my mother."— Our Lord. Mark HI., 33-35. The Book of Ruth Is a perfect gem. ine Book of Ruth is an apple of gold in a picture of silver .Composed ia David's day.aud compos ed to keep in memory a famous mother of Ills, the Book of Ruth was a gift altogether fit to be offered to a king; and it was an aungou.. and an eminently fit gift to such a king as David was. It must have been Nathan the prophet who wrote the Book of Ruth and laid it down at the king's feet as a coronation offer ing, or a bridal or a birthday gift, lie who spake to David the parable of the poor man with the one ewe lamb was just the penman to compose the story of "Tho gleaner maid, Meek ancestress of bim who sang the songs Of sore renentance in his sorrowful mood." Yes, Nathan was just the strong, tender, and original hand to shape and to set this exquis ite gem that shines so sweetly among the early links of David and of Jesus Christ. 'The his torical things in this Book of Ruth," says Jon athan Edwards, "seem to bo inserted in the canon of Scripture, 'especially on two accounts. And, first, because Jesus Christ was of Ruth's posterity. The Holy Ghost thought fit to take particular notice of that marriage of Boaz with Ruth, whence sprang the Saviour of the world. We may often observe it," adds Edwards, 'that tb.e Holy Spirit, who Indited the Holy Scrip tures, often takes notice of little things, or minute occurrences, that do but remotely re late to Jesus Christ." Both the Elble and all the books after the Bible aro full of FINE STORIES OF LOVE. Tho love of the mother for her child. The love of the lover for her he loves. The love of tho brother for the sister. The love of Jonathan for David, and David for Jonathan. The love of Paul for his people Israel. The love of Christ for His own, and for all men, and so on. But neither in the Bible, nor anywhere else that I know of, is there another such story of love" told as the love of Ruth for Naomi; the love of this Mcabite daughter-in-law for her Heb rew mother-in-law. Ruth's love for her dead husband's decayed mother is as pure as gold, 'and as strong as death. Many waters connot quench Ruth's love. And her confession of her love, when she is constrained to confess it, is the most beautiful confession of love in all the world. The world has nothing after Ruth's confession of love like it. "And Naomi said un to her two daughters-in-law, Go return each to your mother's house; tho Lord deal kindly With you, as ye have dealt with the dead, and with me. And Ruth said, "Intreat me not to leave thee, or to return from following after thee; for whither thou goest, I will go, and where thou lodgest, I will lodge; thy peoplb shall he my people, and thy God my God; where thou diest, will I die, and there will I be buried. The Lord do so to me, and more also, if aught hut death part thee and me." No. There is nothing again like it. "THE SAME IS MY MOTHER." "She clave to her mother-in-law," adds the prophet. Ruths' heart was so full of the cords of love to Naomi that those strong cords drew her out of the land of Moab, and knit her deep into tho lineage of Israel, and Into the ancestry of Jesus Christ. And thus it is that our great seer discovers Ruth seated on her glorious stool in the rose of the seventh heaven beside the glorious stools of the greatest dames of scriptural story— Mary, and Eve, and Rachel, and Beatrice, and Rebecca. Before Ruth had given Naomi the full proof of her tovo, the des olate woman had bestowed her highest pralso on Ruth's past love, not only as a wife, but still more as a daughter- in-law. The Lord deal kindly with thee, as thou hast dealt with the dead, and with me. And the women of Beth lehem at once caught up this quite singular feature of Ruth's affection when they came to congratulate Naomi on the birth of Obed, "Thy daughter-in-law," they said to Naomi, "which lovetli thee, and which is better to thee than seven sons, hath borne him." And in this salu tation of theirs the women of Jerusalem are in entire harmony with the whole world about Ruth's so pure, and so noble, and so unusual love. Every language spoken among men has its own stock of cruel proverbs and satires and lampoons at the expense of their mothers-ln- lnttr Put RtifVi anrt Kanml go far in rprtram that relationship from all that obloquy. No only daughter of her own body could have been so devoted to Naomi as her son's young Moab- ite widow was. All the relationships of human life demand faith, and love, and patience, and forbearance, and good temper, and good sense, and good taste, and good feeling; but, perhaps, above all the other relationships of life, that of MOTHER-IN-LAW AND DAUGHTER-IN- LAW. demands all those gifts and graces. But, then, the relationship that offers scope and ppera- tion and reward for all those gifts of heart and graces of character is just that relation ship that should be entered on by all men and women with much watchfulness, solititlous- ness, prayer, tenderness, sympathy, and loyal ty; in short, with the mind and heart of Ruth, that Moabitess maiden, and Naomi, that mother in Israel, that widow indeed. Moses was as much opposed to Ruth's mar riage as he had been to Jephthah's. A Moabite woman shall never be married by an Israelite man if I can help it, said that revengeful old law-giver; not to ten generations shall any of their off-spring enter the congregation of the Lord. Yes, said Naomi, who bad made up her mind to the Interdicted marriage — Yes, she said to her more conservative and scrupulous husband, as she milked her kine under the top of Pisgah— Yes, she said, but mar riage laws are made for men and women, and not men and women for marriage laws: And had Moses been here, she went on; had Moses been famished out of Bethlehem- Judah, as we have been; and had he been re ceived and entertained by Ruth's and Orpah's fathers and mothers, as we have been, he would to a certainty have torn that angry leaf out of his law. Depend upon it, she said. as she saw her husband beginning to give way, depend upon it, -Moses had altogether other Moabites in his mind's eye than Ruth and Orpah, and their so hospitable fathers, when he set down his RETALIATORY MARRIAGE LAWS. And Ellmelcch at last gave way. Nebemiah also, as well as Moses, visited tho iniquity of the Moabite fathers upon the Moabite children to too many generations. For that merciless reformer and iconoclast contended with, and smote with his fists, and forcibly divorced the men of Jerusalem who had married Moab ite women in his day. But there again, tills is to be said for Nehemiah, that the law-break ers of his day had not married such dear, sweet generous-hearted women as Ruth and Orpah were. "Because their fathers met not the chil dren of Israel with bread and with water," said Nehemiah. But, then, that was just what Ruth and Orpah and their fathers had done. They had met Elimeleck, and Naomi, and Af flhlfin finrt Phllinn UaA TlIfVl IlKAnil nn/1 »>_ only, but with wine, and milk, and honey, and spices, and all manner of Moabite fruits, till the land of Moab became to that famished-out family of Bethlc-hem-Judah a land of Moab indeed, a most delectable mountain, a -place to dwell in, and to see their sons and their sons sons settled In. And thus it came about that those two Israelite youths, Mahlon and Chllion, were married to those two Moabite maidens, Orpah and Ruth. And thus, through all that, it came about in God's providence that a rich stream of Moabite blood ran first in IClng David's veins, and then through David's veins Into tho veins of a far greater King than David. After the death of Elimelech, Naomi was a widow after Paul's own heart. NAOMI WAS A WIDOW INDEED. She was desolate, but she trusted God, and con tinued in supplication and prayer night and day. She was In behavior likewise as hecom- eth holiness. She taught the Moabite young women about her to be sober, to love their husbands, to love their children, to bo discreet, CllQStG. Slid kornfiTT! ni ftnmn Ta —a _i , ' ouvil, alls taught them to bo wives and mothers in Moab like tbo wives and mothers in Israel. I feel sure wo shall not be far wrong to trace up a great part of Ruth's courage, devotion, extra ordinary loyalty, and exquisite love, not so much to Naomi's schooling as to Uor example. She, no doubt, nad something to get over, as well as her husband, when the two marriages first began to dawn upon her. At the beginn ing she, too, had her own etrugglo with her Hebrew pride when she saw that her two He brew-born sons were not to be married into Borne of the oldest and best of the families of Bethlehem- Judah, But when she saw that was not to be, she bore no grudge against the two Moabite maidens, but went over to their side, and stood up for them against both Moses and Elimelech, and Nehemiah. And then, now among the joys of marriages, and now among the sorrows of death-beds, Naomi showed to those two Moabite women what a widowed wifa pnd mother had to rest on in Israel; and ono, at least, of her daugbtors-In-lnw laid the lcs- sustaining and maturing It all, the wise, chas tened, weaned mind of one who was a mother in Israel and a widow In Israel indeed, hind all the nobleness, steadfastness, beauty and tenderness of Ruth, I sea inspiring and son and the example well to heart. Yes; be- 