Catholic Education Policy. The following letter to the editor of the "Age" appeared on September 4: Sit,—It is a pleasure to me to know that Mr. Nicholson considers me an entertaining controversialist. I have no objection to continue the entertainment, especially as he lias practically undertaken to "pay the piper. But I had to rub my eyes and exclaim, with Bret Hnrtc: "Is things what they seem, or is visions about p" when I found one of the leaders of an anti- gambling crusade betting a pound to nothing that his pamphlet contains no "misleading quotations." Certainly, the amount is not sufficiently large to warrant his impeachment as a "plunger," but that may arise from circumstances similar to those of Mrs. John Gilpin, of whom it was stated that "though she was on pleasure bent, she. had a frugal mind." As I am anxious to' get hold of Mr. Nicholson's stake as soon as possible, I will proceed to point out some of his misleading quotations. I shall begin with that from Cardinal Wiseman which appears on page 2 of the "Open Letter." Your readers will be best able to judge of the justice of my indictment when the passage is put before them as it appears in the original (Lectures on the Church, 3rd edition, Lecture I., pp. 18 and 19): "You may also read similar works on the other side purporting to give the grounds upon wliicb individuals have abandoned the Catholic Church and become members of some Protestant communion. . . .It has been thought useful to throw them, in a cheap form, among the public and particularly among the lower orders that they may see examples of conversion from the Catholic religion. Now, I have read such of these as have fallen in my way, and have noted that, instead of the rich variety of moiives which have brought learned men to the Catholic Church, there is a sad meagreness of reasoning in them ; indeed, that they all, without exception give me one argument. (The history in every case is simply this— that the individual, by some chance or other, probably through the ministry of some pious person, became possessor of the Word of God—the Bible ; that he perused this book; that he could not find in it transubstantiation or auricular confession - that he could not discover in it one word of purgatory or of venerating images. He perhaps goes to the priest and tells him he cannot find these doctrines in the Bible. ,His priest argues with him, and endeavours to convince him that he should shut up the book that is leading him astray; he perseveres, he abandons the communion of the Church of Rome, or, as it is commonly expressed, the errors of that church, and becomes a Protestant.) Now, through all this process, the man was a Protestant; from the beginning, he started with the principle that "whatever is not in that book cannot be true religion—and that is the principle of Protestantism." Will it be believed that Mr. Nicholson extracted the portion in parentheses, and held Cardinal Wiseman responsible for opinions that he reprobates as the production of writers of anti-Catholic tracts P For he introduces the quotation by saying, "Cardinal Wiseman has the responsibility of giving to the world a clear statement of how Roman Catholics become Protestants, through Scripture reading." And his comment on the passage is—"As the Church of Rome holds it to be inexpedient for a Romanist to road the Bible, except under priestly direction, Because he will not ''find' the characteristic dogmas of his churoh it us notmrpriiSog a she is ready to 'strenuously^ oppose f the Scriptures being read in Sate schools. To refer to the above as a "misleading 1 quotation" is to make use of a euphemism. No public man, least of all a clergyman, should lay himself open to the imputation of such gross carelessness (to use no stronger word) as that of which Mr. . Nicholson is proved to have been guilty. The next quotation of the Open Letter" which I must impeach is that in which Bishop Ryan, of Philadelphia, is made to say—"The Church tolerates heretics where she is obliged to do so, but she hates them with a deadly hatred, and uses all her powers to annihilate them. Our enemies know how she treated heretics in the Middle Ages, and how she treats them to-day where she has the power. We no more think of denying these historic facts than we do of blaming the Holy Ghost and the princes of the church for what they thought fit to do." The quotation is copied from "Our Day," June, 1892, page 423. I have before me, as I write, a cablegram from Archbishop Kyan, dated 25th September, 1899, in reply to a letter which was sent to the Archbishop with Mr. Nicholson's pamphlet. The cablegram reads : —"Extract forgery. Ryan." I have also before me a letter which followed the telegram, bearing the date 25th September, 1899, and dealing with the same letter. 'He writes: "I sent the cablegram relating to the passage quoted, which I never wrote, spoke, or thought. It has been repeatedly contradicted, not only by newspapers, but through "the associated press for the last 45 years 1" In a postscript he adds: "I have never heard of 'Our Day,' and can find no one who has." That "Our Day" can have no connection with reputable journalism is evident from its ignoring the disclaimers of 40 years. In view of the above exposures, I shall be glad to receive a cheque for £2 from Mr. Nicholson, which he will be so good as to send to the subjoined address, and for which lie will receive a receipt in due course. If lie would only continue writing after this reckless fashion, while still offering a^bonus of £1 for every mistake detected, we might be able to afford to do without any Government subsidy. In his letter of Saturday he gives the combined Catholic and Anglican vote, at the educational referendum in South Australia, as 8360. Now there were two questions put to the South Australian voters—one as to the advisability of continuing the present system; the other as to the advisability of giving a capitation grant to denominational schools. The former question was decided in the affirmative, the latter in the negative. But the figures were: Question 1, 50,622 and 34,332; question 2, 41,331 and 13,167. Where Mr. Nicholson got the figures 8,360 'I can't say. Further, he was disingenuous enough to contrast 8,360 with the general population of 350,000, instead of with the votes actually polled on the opposite side. Are there in South Australia 34,332 people "unpatriotically hostile" to the national system? Mr. Nicholson's reflection on the patriotism of the Catholic clergy is simply playing t-> the gallery, and he knows it. Only th? gallery will take any notice of it. When Mr. Nicholson declares that "allegiance is given by the Catholics to a foreign Italian pontiff, in preference to the constitution of the Australian Commonwealth," he forgets the respect he owes to his cloth. Gladstone constantly regretted the slur that he cast on Catholic loyalty in his "Vaticanism." Probably the old tracts from which Mr. Nicholson makes his quotations were published oefore 1870. My fable concerning tfte Public Break' fast Act has done its work. Mr. Nicholson can say nothing better in reply than that if the State breakfast doesn't suit we can go elsewhere and buy one. Be is unable to see that the State has no right to create a mot'-poly in the way of free breakfasts, and then provide fare of which the principal feature is objectionable to a large section of the people. At any rate, we hold that the knowledge of God is the highest of all knowledge, and the imparting of that knowledge the principal scope of the name. etui wMrit is satnie to Ms«t that the Catholics seek exceptional privileges for themaejveg. Mr. Nicholson should candidly accept our disclaimer* . I again deny tliat the Catholic clergy and laity are not solid on the educaion polity* They have already conributed £2.000,000 towards the support f their own schools, while contributing their proper proportion towards the support of the State schools. This is a fact, and cannot be met by general statements. It. is too much for our seriousness to see Mr. Nicholson, in the role of Don Quixote de la Mancha going in full tilt against a windmill' all th e while thinking that he is rescuing from the paws of the clerical ogre the fair ladye of lay Catholicism. "Nobody asked you, sir," she said. The answer to my objections re the permission given to a Catholic priest to teach Catholicism in a State school is lame and impotent. My argument is one of ad hominem. I was answering those who contended that a capitation grant to Catholic schools would be equivalent to a State endowment of Catholicism. It was a legitimate retort that, if so, the State subsidised Catholicism at present in giving the use of a school, built out of the public funds, for a denominational purpose. It doesn't rescue .Mr. Nicholson from his difficulty to say that the State does the same for every other denomination. For that is only another way of say i nothat the State recognises the denominational principle when it serves its purpose. And if it can give a building; directly and ostensibly for what it knows to be a sectarian purpose, why can it not give a grant for secular proficiency? This objection is still unanswered. Awaiting with interest Mr. Nicholson's reiply—and his cheque - Yours, etc., M. J. O'REILLY, C.M." Malvern, 1st September. P.S.--I see by your issue of to-day that Mr. Nicholson is again in difficulties with a Quotation, and )6 ranked with Jesuits and bookmakers! How ar» the mighty fallen! This explains the bet.—M. J. O'R. Archbishop Ireland, who when in Pari6 was received by President Loubot, has cabled to friends in New York that the German Emperor haB sent a special courier requesting him to call at Berlin before going to Rome. 