RICllARD BRICE, ADVENTURER. By CRI1A. JUNOR, Author of " Dead LMen' Tales," R&., A&. [EALL nRIGr RESERVED] CHAPTI.R V. IN PORT AT MANILA. PAnT II.-AT Tre, Honor OF TOIE BonctOlaEess. (Co etilecd.) "You have no occasiou to be dissatie fled," answored Dalo, gravely, " but I must learn more. This night week I shall return. Before is imposseible." She received his reply without showing a trace of pleasure or the re versee, and appeared to .consider the matter a moment. " Stay," she ejnoulated, as we stood looking at her undooidodly, " I will try both your futures with thooe." Grasping a pack of native cards lying in a wicker basket she presented the top card to no in turn to touch. Then dealing them on a rough table in a semi-oirole, faces downwards, ebo asked each of no to pick out one from the fan-shaped eories sho had dietri buted with the point, coosisting of a single card, noext to herself. This last she turned up and laid, face upwards with our two, before her. The result was disquieting. A ory of astonishment escaped her; and hurriedly selecting two more cnrds from the pack hoe laid thornom alongside of the other throoe, faces uppermost. Raising her eyes she looked at both of us impressively, and thoun shook her head mysteriously. " The Fatoo are perverse, oven with the cards, this evening. I cannot translate their moessage," she mur. mpred, swooping the lot vehemently aside. " Leave the reading of the future till the next time, gentlomon. I won't detain you any longer now." I was about to placeo my hand in my pocket for the purpose of presenting her with money, but at a sign from Dale I desisted. " She would be offended by the offer of payment," he exclaimed. "It is understood that her services are being rendered purely no a personal compliment to myseolf. Lot no go." Following our conductress, I stopped forth, with Dale at my rear. As we woro about to start Loequa detained my companion, and drawing him aside, whispered a few sentonces in his ear. He nodded, and gave a short laugh. "All right. Good-bye for the present," he rejoined. Next minute we wore on the road again, and the door was closed and secured against unwelcome prowlers of the neighborhood. The sky was overcast and lowering, and rain seemed probable. We walked in silonooce. Dale was preoccupied in manner, and we had some trouble in steering for the main road. At last, recognising some established land mark he seemed to breathe freely, and as we emerged into the open, he rapidly regained his old compoouro, " Well Brico," he remarked, " what do you think that woman said when she called me back ? She told me that before another moon waned one of usno ould casoe the death of the other." He laughed nervously. "Bosh," I retorted. " The wholo affair was absurd, and as transparent as glass." "I don't know so much about its being abasurd," hoe answerod slowly. Isabel really saw what she describod, I'm convinced." "Very likely she did," I rejoined. "That was eoasy enough. She is an excellent thought reader, and while she hold your hand, shebo just rattled off what you were thinking. "I'm surprised at the way you per sist in jumping at conclusions, old man, he responded reprovingly. " I was thinking in English, Brioo, and do youn mean to say that you didn't notice the embarrassment Looqua labored under in expresoosing herself about the partioulars of dress and furniture, the staironse, and other doe tails pecouliar to Europeans, of which she cannot possibly have had the slightest experience? Then, if you remember, shebo gave us to understand that day wae breaking when she found herself. Well, it happeno that the locality was Now York, and allowing for the difference in longtitude be tween the two cities-a disocrepancy of which she cannot have the least con caption-7.80 p.m. in Manila would be approximately 6.80 n.m. in Now York. Ol yeos, her onanoo was genuine right enough." " Thoen who was Corn, and what was the pioture sho referred to in the house ?" I asked incredulously. He surveyed me refleootively ; no doubt a trifle disconcerted by the point. blank form of onquiry to which my ouriosity had involuntarily led me. "I intended to have oomeo to thoose points later on," he replied, " but no matter. The house dcsoribod is that of my father, in Filth Avenue, and, evidently a ball ho was giving was drawing to its conolusi ~ u. 'o pie Staro at the loot o'f ioW'ur?j e a per. \ tr?ito! mysoll, taken fiftoeen years ago, and tho woman alluded to is Cora whoeo hair Looqan hold in her flingers whom by tihe way I have not seeoon for the past fourteon years-was sufl. oiently well delineated for cue to roe cognino her identity without any eor' roboration. Sh is mny wife." I wao dumbfounded. i)alo a ,nmrriod manoll, Horo thnl wa1 the keoy 1to Ia hot lof lprevionu ly iucoomlproh c cihlh I " prou • liaritola in ocy friend', Itltviour; he.re was thlIe oxplalnctio of hic IlterntO moeul of d?lrclclio, n cc nd c iI yll(llcl ill. diffoecoee, lnd hiii ncciocclnchco tivoi ca ccO c ,ll c ,ccrc cc it his birch. Wlitc iciccu, I r|ll te i'[I |ll |li' lil i iic lt', juli ; 1111d1,"" 11111,1, " I hood fi ll idlil lrl (III) p)ll;1)'' 0 MY lr -l ) 1 1111 /)11 1i~ljl 1) (),I E' lililr t 1 'u , 111 L) 1 iu ! ir 1,u 1n.4 t ý)Ilj o i' i ,1 ill i7ýl r~, i 1111'1 t V/l~~i" ll 'I old astrologers used to call synastria, or sympathies of the stara with the destinies of individuals. Thosenotrangeo attnohments are of conroo nniutalli giblo to all concerned, but probably tho powers of interpreting such pho nomona are mainly hereditary. There are signso all the world over of the ex inteneoo of come latent principle in nature which eortain rases and in. dividnalo are able to turn to aooount without themuelvee understanding the reason. Those osubtlo foreos are vul garly deosoribed no "supernatural," but in truth they are merely 'extra ordinary. This is so, pimply booeauseo we haven't yet found the missing link betweeoon materialism and spiritual ism. The continuance of oonsoiou-c noess after bodily dissolution, and the laws governing the origin and doeline of the individual soul should be no harder to eutablish than the plans and speoificatione of a wireless telephone whereby scientists are now able to oee, hear, and communicato with other people many miles away. Some day when weotern seionco co operates earnestly with eastern genius in inveoaigating, the seoret will be die oovered, and thou everyone will marvel at our past simplicity." Relieved at the turn the conver cation had taken, I oeihed the question of hereditary influenoeo gratefully, and contended that if peouliarities of body and habit are susceptible of transmission from parents to offspring it should also be possible for ideas and facts to be passed on in the same way. Faots stored in the brains of one generation are frequently reproduced in those of the following ones. A man will arrive at some spot in some country which he has never previously visited. Instantly it will strike him that the place is familiar; he will re member, as if in a dream, that he long ago buried some papers under an adjaoout tree. Ha digs-just for ouriosity sake-and, lo I he unoearths the old document signed and dated a hundred years back. Either the grandfather was present at the burial, and memory of the incident was transmitted to the grandson, who, though never previously at the spot in his presoent body, was there in spirit. In the latter case, life in the indi vidual must only be a part of the long series of a bodily permutations; but modern soienoe cannot yet endow the average human spirit with a consoioue neas of any ohaugoc. How can it hope to do so ? "Imposoible to decide," said Dale. "What I want to know is, what is our intellectual ago in the next life if there be one ? If a man dins, say at ninety years of ago-when his intelleoot has almost expired-doo hbe re-commeneo the now life in a similar estate of decay ? Doons a child, cay five years old, continue to grow in spirit lifoe ? Whore is the finality, and will earthly immaturity or de oropitudo at the time of death haudi cap spirit perfootion in the next place ? I shouldn't like to wait for death till I became old and worn out if I thought I would have to wander about space in the appearance and mind I pos seosed at the time of my earthly disease. Hang it, no, bettor that we should all die in our prime-unless of course spirit-life is only a short In comfortable sort of existenoa cearooly worth experiouoing. Il'i a point well worth considoring, anyhow, Brice." So chatting we whiled away the time till wo reoached Binondo, and boarded one of the primitive tram oars, drawn by a single pony managed by two ofli. oials, one beating the animal and the other holding the reins and blowing a tin horn, while the third-the conduo tor-collooted a copper all round every time we passed a sootion post, and took care that the passengers carefully distributed thomeolvee evenly fore and aft to avoid derailmounts. Alighting at Old Maniln, wo noticed that tile saloons and cafes were filled with gaily dressed, contented - looking, Spanish offioers, smoking, eating, drinking, no though the millenium was at hand, and absolutely indifferant to the faot that thousanuds of iufuroated robels were seeothing around the oity, and that the fleet of a powerful western invader might at any moment presoenut itself at the harbor-mouth. As we entered the Hotel do Ouatro Naoioneo two or three of the loungers nodded to Dale, cheerfully and one invited him to take a hand at cards, but we evaded his friendly importunities and passed on to a private dining room, whore we -soon established ourcolves in undis turbed comfort. I shall never forgot that evoning. Dale, always a close observer but rarely profuse in oposoh, came out of his shell in a way that was as enter taining a it wano unoxpected. His inti mate nacquaintance with local colubri. tions and affairs mado his disolosuroe and comments exceooptionally interest ing. Ho had just returned from a lengthy tour of the islands, after leavning Bohol, whither Ie had ecsoorted a batch of delinquent native ofiioinls, deported by the Government on acoount of their iunability to raise the amounts of local taxation for whioh they were liable. He explaineuod to me that the oflioial position ha hold-an inspectorship of gaols-was really almost a sineounro. Though hoe detested the Spanish rulers and all their worlkso, he took no antive part in any of the iniquities, in foot, on several oooaeionoe, had boon able to save foreign prisonora from injuUtico. Tile way in wlhioch hle aom to recoive the appointment was a romanco in itself. Fonndn by thie colliorn when woundeda to tihe poiut of dienthl in thie forest of (Innlnno at the titne \nnhenn I nlindo my eroopo, lIen wI?o elouinely felihed mnd a fi hestol t of iopI'iril \ lil cliY l ed, llninl a nn Engl)h rhei we re lnennl lhornll it ulslll alwll )\ Is that ill. I()t)ive. hinl hIn llip thu I llni I lnli l t h i I lhlluii, i !!iihm mlioli lt (.inb that lhvi inrl jiid (o' lh i ioii/liy If n vilul ain, l hIi , I'.oiI unll i i ii i?yil nljl ul iI/ . uy, ll years after, and Don Guzman was transferred to the Philippine army, Dale necomponied him in the govern ment soervioo. Hoe persisted in his iloeuoe towards his family, and his wife had remarried. By his father he wan " And what, in the name of heaven, in to be the end of thin mad escapado ?" I asiked as he paused for a moment to order more winuo. " You surely will go back ?" " Nevermore Brice, nevermore. I have put myself out of court with my strait- laced people by allowing my wife to become a bigamist. But the end is at hand all the anme. Thie plaed in just about ' bust up.' Even asouming that war in averted at the last moment, a houoe divided against itself cannot stand. Priests and soldiers intriguing against each other, a rebellion of half castoe numerically and in many other respoets superior to their would. be rulerh, incapacity, corruption, and injustioo everywhere, oven in the highest plates. My course, as a Philippine offioial, ie run, but I can get a few thousands, if necessary, out of my family by a side wind, and I moan to retire from my business and see if I can't settle down and make a model husband for the girl of my heart. I've fallen in love afresh. I'm nearly on old man now, Brioo; this is my last deosperate throw for happiness, aid I moan to Benceed." I looked at him with genuine con cern. His faeoo was flushed, and there was no doubt that he wan indeed in earnest. Usually so apathetic and abstemious, he seemed a different man under the excitement of an emotion which in old days I had hardly dared mention. I trembled for his future. He was my dearest friend and I felt not only how unsuit able was his temperament for the enjoyment of domestio obligations, but how improbable it was he would find anywhere a woman worthy of his effootioue. After my recount exhibi tion of tatlessneess, I felt considerable dlffidonce in resuming the conversa tion; but he evidently expected me to say something. " You're fully determined of oourso ?" I observed at lnst, with a feeble insinuation of worldly-wide caution. " S: doterminoed that if anything should come between us I'd lot nothing etitk to destroy it," he replied with navage intoneity. " You will got a divorce by mutual consent first, I suppose ?" "If necessary, yes," he replied thoughtfully," but I don't think it will be needed. My wife that is to be-at least I hope so, for I haven't formally asked her yet-kneow me thoroughly, and she will probably be guided by my wishes in the matter. She is one of the swoeetest and least exaoting women in the world, as well as the prettiest and the best. You will meet her soon, Brico, as soon as I come back from Dagapan. I've told you all the cireumstanoo s fully, because I intenud you to be my best man, al though, by the way, we've had bad luck in everything we've co- operated in hitherto; but cheer up, old man, better times are coming for us both." His look of dreamy elation, aso he contomplated his prospeetivo hap. piness, filled me with sympathotic ardour. "You can always count on me, as you well know." I returned huskily. "Lot us drink one toast, before we part, to your coming bride." He rose a trifle unsteadily, and grasped me by the band. " Right, it's time to be off ; fill up your glass now-that's the way, Here's, thou to the health of-I kept her name as a bit of a surprise for you, an old trick of mine, oh ? Here's to tile hoalth of tile incomparablo bolls of Manila-the poeerles Senorita Inoz de Valdne." PART III.-I-N ra LADY ' BOWER. "Not dancing to - night, Don Ricardo ? The country must indeed be in a bad way whou you no longor lead the rovels." The speaker was my hoot, the banker, at whose house a fiesta was being hold to celebrate the birthday of his oldest daughtor. The native residents of the city had responded eagerly to tho numerous invitations issued in honor of the event, and they contributed largely by their ourious songs and dances to the varied gaieties of the evening. Altogether, it was a most brilliant affair. I replied, politely, that it was not from want of appreciation, but rather bocanuse I did not wish to miss the opportunity of viewing the manifold novelties displayed, that I preferred the role of spoetator to that of a par. tioipator. I further added, truthfully enough, that I was not very well, and that amongst the many temptations to enjoymont at hand, I experienced some difficulty in making a selection. lie smiled good humouredly, and whispered " by the bye, our purchaseor of your ruby took the atone away this afternoon to the flagship, to show to Admiral Montojo and the officers of the squadron. A most unwise pro coeding don't you think." " Oh I don't know unless he goto a load of liquor rboard-but I dare nay you are not sorry to be rolioved of the responsibility," I answered. oie moved away, chnlsoling in bpito of his profos. oional gravity. Without doubt, I won in the least appropriato mood conceivable for a convivial IgatolerigI, aid, it was only bounalo my nbeeooee woeld hIo ull. favourabloe enaentodll upon, and I hadl diotinlly promnliod hlnl to be pro. solt thait I (ttne|led, A woonIh had poid 0100o aIly parling wvilh hlalt, at the Hold d'thoahuro Nooimuu audl, lolll whil,, illy ittoys a ulnd l h a uli lo il h itn n 1 ll j oqtill i? l ' ttl l lil t0ltrI I-') fi l :; tll l UlOII t /Iy "II | 1 41. + 111, vi-+ t It !I|, 111111 111; 111 ll ll lJlr lh l l ,+'lll' | ltlt11 l 111, uIhu1 ' +,++l, I' la, 'hly lullh ....11 lu I I y I tI , 1 1 , 1 I,?Ir,+ I I, 1,l 1, , , .,j I ,Ii|. If , 'III , l ri' 1111.h 1 p If 11, 1 l l;I llll yll hJ head-strong resooolution be in any.do groo softoned by the faoot that I was the offonder? I had told him .all about my implication with the rebels, and ho had only to raise a finger and I would be summarily removed from his path. Did I not douorve all my misery ? What right had I to doeeivo Inoz about myeoolf in the firct plaoo ? Thon why hadn't I boon otraightfor ward enough to open my heart to Dale before he was led into making himself ridioulous by revealiog his passion for Inoz to baher betrothed. Had I noted honestly it would have boon ho who would have boon placed in my present wretched quandary in stead of myself. After he had aotually told me how things stood I was so us. nerved and dishonest that I lot him go away still deluded. And all the while he had boon ontioipated. But had his claim been forestalled, by fair means, at least ? Was it not extremely probable that Ineo really loved Dale far better than myself? Was it not solely to the impassioned ardour of the younuger lover and the glamour of homage from a romantio looking stranger-with whom she had coquetted at first to annoy her rivals-that she had weakly yielded on the spur of the moment; and then only booaneuso the moritrioious suitor was prooessing and olose by, whereas the loss showy can didato was out of sight and out of mind ? Had she not in her soul calou lated that I had no earthly chance of claiming the fulfilment of her pro mise, as her father would assuredly prevent it. Who oould fathom a woman's heart ? Torn by oonflioting apprehensions, doubt, jealousy, and remorse, I was in a pitiable plight when the evening appointed for us to mooeet again at the fiosta arrived. Which course to pursue I could not for the life of me deooido: whether to absent myself altogether and to try to forget her, or to go and aske her straight out to choose between asno. Eventually however I presented myself at tbo party; but after the intorchango of the usual formal grooeet. ings before strangers with Inoz, I still Iolked courago to come to a definite deooiion or to determine the line of approach I would follow, assuming that I ventured upon the dreadful ordeal. Abovo all my thoughts lay a presentiment of coming evil. I started at any loud noise or at the sight of any observant eyes or sudden movements not instantly explainable. And yet the hospitality and geniality of all present would have disarmed the veriest misanthrope. My friend's villawas a large two storied edilion substantially-built of stone, brick, and wood, with the upper floor bulging over the lower in in numerable bay-windows which formed a roof to the latticed verandah running all round the houso. Situated in pacionus grounds, distributed in shady avenues and lined with beautiful trees, it was surrounded by onltivated lands and irrigated by fertile streams which watered palms, mangoes, arohing bamboos and sugar phautatione, intor spersod with various fruit and forest trees. The few Europeanu houses close by, with their pretty gardens, con trusted pioturesquely with the Indian cabanas lying around. This evening the approaches to the house and grounds wore embellished with in numerable -Japanese lanterns and coloured cup-ligits. In the rear was the patio-a cool courtyard wherein reposed a largo oistern to catch the rain-water which fell from the rod tiled roof, above which rested a plat form covered with sweet - scented flowery plants and luscious fruits. The interior of the dwelling was lofty and unique in its nondesoript deoorations. In the anida, or prinoipal room, wore Chinese soroons, porcelain jars containing natural or artificial flowers, light cabinets, delicately. constructed tables, sofas, and chairs, but neither carpet nor nor fireplace. Long punkas swung to and fro, and small serving boys in bare feet stopped swiftly and silently past golden wove tapastrics from Japan, between garlands, festoons and wreaths, bowers of plants, mirrors and lights, handing coffon, tea, chocolate, wines, fruit, cakes, sweootmeats, or iced refreshment to the jubilant, ohattoering guests, not forgotting the skilful musicians and absorbed card players. The supper was an astonishing dis play of diversity. There were sabalo, the colebrated succulent fish from Lake Taul, and turbina from the Laguna do Bay, half hatched oggs,-a highly os. teemednative delicacy-snipe, pigeons, and wild duck, besides a host of other side disheb whose names I have for. gotten. Tais part of the programme was now over and dausing was in full swing. Besides the indescribably grasoful bolero, oaohuca, and jots measures, we had exhibitions of the purely native dances, the balitao, a pasua.deux,and the oomitan a pas soul, execnuted by a woman balanoing a tumbler of water on her head through a mazo of sinuous :evolutions, marveol. lous to the uuinitiateod. Bmoking prevailed generally in and outside of the house, the beguero, a now brand of oigar, from leaf grown in Oagayau proviuoo, in North Luzon, being particularly favored, nod a native, gravely hIolding hIris favorite game cook under his armu, would negligontly help hlimself to a lighlt from a stranger's cigarotto and give or reoeivo a chow of buyo (botolrrnt) without the least cseraonry. And yet it was the most marry, deoooros, andl alirablo ' freoo. andeonasy' I hav over noon, or prob. ably will over son sgainr ir mny lifetlioe. The natlivo tllndiesn wers, in mont illnllunncoe, driirille id in eal ico i rt iis, olaboratlnely orrln'oilrnlne ill fronllt, but woiirl rllliilid tlirI wllitl IdiUk troIlnora rarlrhirr t Lheir inhthnl.l -llealhrr hI oolh, A fire soil l irlirifilo, ii) i ro ril iii i'. rrl., h lim Iinell lllllt hi n lrrIly irilill s;li i , iltu i' tii iil I hii thlinII , I li t i!t ,'."1 i h,? l S ;lI' in l ,i h bo I I firh Ijr t',,lllnrl y u ,iii l.nnr yl, pina ga?eo, and their feet were en cased in colored gold-embroidered chinelas (native slippers). Over their shoulders and short looses homisoettoe appeared the universal starched her. chief whoso borders were ornamented with elaborate lace-like needlework, and whioh oat of doors'ia slipped over the head. Arrayed in skirts of brightly-checked, striped, or brooaded silk, or cotton of a vivid red, blue, or yellow, with sashes and aprons in pleasing contrast, the native girls preosouented a highly interesting and novel spoetaele. A youngster tugged at my coat sleove. "Dona Inez wants you, Senor, over there." I looked in the direction indicated by my little friend. Adjoining the main saloon was a small aloove, taste fully adorned with creepers and ferns and illuminated with soft lights. I rose and strolled towards the recess. Inez was alone, and as I entered she came forward with a gesturo of impatient solioitudlo. The witchery of her beauty was never more alluring. Dressed almost entirely in white satin and gossamer, the seduotivo outlines of her glorious figure, and magio of her large dark eyes, and magnificent black tresses held me entranced. Her heightened colour and eager intensity of expression set off all the more effectively the perfeotions embodied in her straight nose, faultless mouth, and pearly teeooth, sot in oval contour. A Moorish okull-cap fringed with glitter. ing coquine rested on her head, and a triple string of golden coins about her neook, and as she, raising an arm haughtily, threw back her errant wavy hair and negligently exposed her ex quisitely chiselled bust, the aotion, with its ourious jingling accompani. mont, wrought over me a spell like that of eastern enchantment. " What is the matter with yen, to. night, oarissimo ?" she exolaimed, petulantly. " You are like a con domuod oriminal. And now a message has just come from father, ordering me to come home, at once. He's sent the carriage. What do you make of it ?" "Must you go ?" I enquired, evading the personal question " Perhaps Don Guzman is ill." " He seemed in the beat of health when I left home," she replied, doubt fully " but still there's no help for it. I must depart. When shall I next see you ?" A wave of resentment against the perversity of my destiny, which would not allow me to stave off the orisis in definitely, swept over me, and my voice sounded unnaturally harsh as I asked with a clumsy attempt at rail lery.". " Among your list of ecquaintances, Ines, there is one whom, as far as I remember, you have never mentioned to me ; one, Benor Jerome Dale ? And yet, I believe, he is in a position to exerciso considerable influence for or against our happiness 1" Her attitude became one of rigid attention, and a ourious ghost of a smile played about her lips. "Do you know him ?" she asked ourtly. "I have known him longer than you ; I know him even before he met with misfortuno in Cuba. He is my particular friend. In fact I was his follow prisoner in a certain temporary cell, when, as no doubt you wellre member, a brave girl, the daughter of the coommanding officer, stole out after dark, and risked her life for the cap tives' liberation. The murder was out. My misery could not be greatly inoroased. She had not despised my companion be cause he had boon an object of her charity, and her father's opposition counted as nothing, in my estimation compared with Dale's sentiments. "I have boon aware of it from the beginning," she replied, calmly. " A voice like Senor Brice's-oven assum ing that his name was not thoroughly familiar-it not so quickly forgotten." Astounded for the moment, I readily grasped the situation. Dale must in the past assuredly have often talked with her about myself long before I came upon the scone. And now I found that my long-sustained futile hypoorisy had served merely no excellent food for her sport. " Well, I have mot him, aooiden tally as he passed through Manila last week," I observed coldly. ",?oe is coming back to-night or to-morrow ; no doubt you will be glad to so him." "Yes; he is due at his post to. morrow," she resumed. "Since mother's death he hoe been like a brother to me, and a little practice in the English language can't harm anyone, can it? Although some people still seem to prefer Spanish," she added, with a sly twinkle in her eye. ." Are you sure that it is no more than brotherly love you are oapablo of fooling for this man 2" I rejoined, pointedly. Her lip ourled derisively, and dart ing a glaneoo of mingled anger and reproof into my eyes, ohe stopped proudly past me into the salon. "I know weoll whicih of the two pleases me the more," she retorted as a parting shaft. In my illhumour I had no inolina tion to oeek forgiveness, nor desire to probe further; neither was eaoh a course possible seooeing that after hur riedly bidding our hostessoo good night Inoz withdrow neoxpootedly and un. noticed, even by mysoell. An hour or so later I also took my dolesrturo, My interest is the our rounldilon haid vaninlhod, and I wne in tilet rsokleso emosd whorOin a mnai invariably linde preoial sntiuluolion in Tjlairi'l,i with lii hieobt friends. I hssl mlllouiet deihrtiioui ilyt to retire !oniial, aIn istl I , iieg.reh into this I)jIl . litleihi) )f tie h!sl.slotl [, I eth t 'ph 