WsffUS^MS&i;^MSW ^SHimpii,*, :*i^lie was 'willed :lri J-b«- ; aerlaad, tvoa a favourite with criminals ana-rtte poHceft ^ '; s:.?* ? : ?'... . ,. :'.?: waft J6HWT «iBce f3np «fie Hi** «?J» seen him cross,, or known him do a Children hung round pirn, listening to his yarns ;' the lasses always stopped to: banter -with ; Win ; ? wMle many ? a' night round the doss-bouse fire he vnw the life of the wretched-looking group, as ,la fluent, picturesque language he tola ghost tales and fairy legends of lite native County Clare, nuking tbe mouthers forget- their hunger, tlielr suf ferings, their despair.-; and when he had money. lie was royally generous Tie treated everyone lie came across. 'Bedad, that fact alone bethr.iys moi kingly lineage' (Mike was descended from an ancient Mail sot'erelgu), he ?once eaid to me, half- ruefully. ' Sliure, I'm never eo happy as wliln disninsing bounties.' Indeed, I have known 15s. last Win but two days, though he always slept in a doss- house, and the only solid food that passed his lips during that space was onions and tripe for eupper, and a couple of carrots as a midday meal. 'My digestion, yon see, Is peculiar,' he confided on one occasion to a magis trate, after receiving a sentence of fourteen days ; ' it seems to cotton to nothlno- but drink.' 'Oouid you not take the pici^e, and would -sot some one help you to keep it J' asked the functionary of justice, who, I am eure, in his heart, eaw the futility of these repeated consignments to gaol. Mike ruffled bis rough red hair, and a gleam of amusement darted, into bis eyes. ' May it plalse your ludshfp,' he said, ' it's meself was a shining loight in the Salvation Army— fur—fur, iwn months. an' begorra ! in that tolme If Oi d;.l not merit a silver -medal fur timper anee.' ' And where is the me*il ?' asked the magistrate. Again -Mike'j eyes twlnkle-1 and tlie corners of 'his mouth worked. 'An' rf ?»*«? ?? ui~ani » t uiv-t ^uui HULQ.J ijr( 11 lltu OI came out laBt tolme, from rhe r'si dence you wos so kind as to eemi me to fur mol health, 1 pnwncd 1; fur a dhrop of thp cratur', an' begorri ! if 01 didn't folnd the medal wasn't silver at all, but jlst a common bit of tin :' Mike's real discomfiture was too much for those present, and they laughed as he meant them to laugh and nobody enjoyed his Joke more than he did himself. 'But laugh.'ng at or with i culprit does not help 'o mend his ways, aud Mlka'8 case bad a sad sldo to it— Kro:n the 'Quiver.' for April. 