THE RED MASS. HOW LONDON CATHOLIC BAEBI3 TERS BEGIN TERM. When one enters the long, plain, nar row chapel of Sts.Anselm and Cecilia, in the Fields of Lincoln Inn, and, peering from the gallery, sees beneath him the short wigs of the stuff gownsmen, the full bottomed headdress, and the silk robes of the Queen's counsel, and the ermine and Iambswool of the judge, he knows that he is attending the votive 'Mass of the Holy Ghost, invoking the blessing of the Divine Spirit upon the contentiones fori that the counsellors below may be for tunate enough to be engaged during the ensuing legal year. The scene impresses the imagination, and the romantic story of the little chapel exacts the admiring homage of the historic mind. It was the chapel attached to the Embassy of the King of Sardinia, and for centuries it had been the centre of Catholic inte rests in the very heart of the camp of the enemies of the Faith. Even its pri vileged character as the place of worship of the Plenipotentiary of a foreign Sove reign did not preserve it from the attacks of the rabid mob when the "No Popery" fever seized its vitals. As soon as the bigoted shibboleth was raised up rose the rabble, and the King of Sardinia had again to rehabitate the sacred edifice. It was a butt, a whipping-post, for the Lon don mob in the Penal days; So soon as they had blown off steam, by wrecking the chapel, they returned to their shops and their desks, until another fit of fana ticism drove them again in the direction of Lincoln's Inn Fields. In the year 1788 Lord George Gordon stirred up the scum of the London popu lace, and gathered to his banner a multi tude of profligate and disorderly wretches, whom folly and vice always impel to supply the lack of industry by brigan dage. These enthusiasts were animatd by a dread that their Roman Catholic fellow-citizens should possess the same \- religious privileges aB themselves, as well as a desire for unlimited loot. Headed by Gordon, they wrecked the Sardinian chapel, and burned it to the ground. That such a terrible outbreak should have been allowed free exercise for days in a large and populous city seems incredible, were the fact not considered that the Lord Mayor of London took not the slightest means to quell the dis turbance. But these things occurred long ago. Now-a-days, though bigotry against Roman Catholics is still rampant, it chooses milder methods of exhibition, and the Church of Sts. Anselm and Ceci lia, appropriately situated as it is amidst the nests of lawyers, inaugurates the opening of the legal year, without dread of a hostile manifestation at its gates. This year one great red-robed figure is conspicuous by its absence. Unfortuna tely it is an eternal absence, and one wonders where the man is to be found who can take his place. The space left vacant is too large to be filled adequately by any man who at present practises at the English Bar. Lord Russell stood out from all his compeers, a veritable Triton. His was the cloudy and lightning genius of the Gael. Perhaps amongst those young gownsmen worshipping below who knows but that there may be one wliose genius, whose industry, whose sterling character, will one day enable him to sit, an ermined judge, in the front bench of that little chapel, let us hope, with the same humble reverence that always cha racterises the childlike faitli of the great legal paladin who is gone from amongst us. There was no Catholic judge this year to grace the red bench but (S/ir James Mathew, than whom no better Irishman breathes. Amongst the assembled coun sellors there was no lack of Irishmen There were O'Connors and Murphys and other conspicuous Hibernian cognomina who have apparently not forgotten to carry with them their devotion to their religion from the Island of Saints and, shall we say, lawyers, the two terms not being necessarily synonymous. The practice of this religious service is not confined to England. In all* the Catholic countries of the world the deli berations of the gentlemen learned in the law are fittingly preceded by a religious celebration. The practice in England was suspended at the time of the Re formation, and was not resumed till about ten years ago. The presence of the Car dinal Archbishop of Westminster, to gether with an effective choir, rendered the whole ceremony one the impressive ness of which it would be difficult to sur pass. The account of the Melbourne reception to thte returned troops: A crowd of en thusiastic men and women rushed them. They were jostled and hustled, and raised shoulder high. Some were carried into hotels. Others were rushed by wo men, who kissed and beslobbered them with such affectionate hugging as to be come positively sickening ana indecent. Thus what was intended as a striking procession became a mere straggling rabble. The exuberant demons^rative ness of the crowd was its main feature— a feature altogether too prominent fer the credit of the city or its people. 