` THE CRISIS IN CHINA. The Chinese war cloud has speedily been evolved from being no bigger than a man's hand to an opaque: mass of, great density and area covering the whole political heavens. The Boxers are evi dently now determiped to treat the Christians and foreigners very much' is, Elijah' treated the priests of Baal; atid like him, they seem to have adopted as their motto "Let. not one of them -es cape.'.'" Likely enough this tragic selec tion from' Old Testament history has been read in Chinese by European mis sionaries, who, according to Scriptural standards, must consider Elijah one of the holy men of old, and it is rather a grim satire that the heathen Chinaman is now taking a leaf out of the Scrip tural character's book, whom his Christian teachers consider a man of God. In deed, it is not at all unlikely that the missionary business is not at the bottom of the whole Chinese trouble. As for patriotism the Chinaman has not very much of it, and the Celestials of Little Bourke-street, when chaffed and teased by the Melbourne larrikin during the time the Flowery Land's armies were being defeated by the Japs, were quite unmoved by the taunts of their tormen tors. But in the matter of religion there is evidently a difference, and spe cially is the Chinaman devoted to ances tor worship. When the catholic church first sent missionaries to China they were perplexed for some time as to whether this worship was really such, or merely a reverential looking back to the fore fathers of the race. Finally the question was submitted to the Vatican, and the Pope oftiht held that this reverence of ancestors really amounted to worship, and was idolatrous. The argument used by missionaries as a reason for their in terfering with the religion of the Chinese and other colored peopes-is based on the text in the New Testament: "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature," but this practice of pinning doctrines on the authority of isolated texts leads to all sorts of im possible situations. The New Testa ment says " Sell all that thou hast and give to the poor," and we never see religious teachers doing this, save in few and far between characters like St. Francis of Assissi or Father Damien. Besides, suppose the Chinamen said they had found an injunction in the writings of Confucius commanding them to promulgate his faith all over the world, would that induce the toleration of public attacks on Christianity by Confucian missionaries in London or Melbourne ? As for the old ides that the non-Christian races of the world as they died were condemned to punish meat hereafter, that has pretty well fol lowed the ghost and witch stories of our great grandmother's days, and is no longer advanced as a reason why we should " convert " the poor red, black, and yellow man. But because missionary societies have been unwise in sending men-and even women-to preach the Gospel, who could find plenty to do among the home heathen, that is no reason why "John" should not be taught a stern lesson for his present cruelty, and that such will be specially supplemented by the lead and steel of the men in red and blue. The German Emperor will certainly have it out with the Chinamen in true autocratic fashion, and the latter will find that the murder of the Kaiser's am bassador leads to a very uncomfortable reckoning. It is possible that the Boxers in their ignorance may really imagine than a match for the combined forces of the powers whose legations the have outraged, and whose-innocent citizens they have so foully masscriid. Nothing short of some sucl j fipre\sion as this would have stimulated thems to begin thie attack on the European in habitants of the country ; and certainly the Chinese, like the Boers, seem to, judging by the account of their artillery and the way it is served, have beeh pre paring for war for some,time: , As re gardsthedespatcihof 200 blujacketswith Maxim guns from Melbourne, it is doubt ful whether it showed much sagacity and forethought, however, admirable, from a patriotic point of view. There was a fear once during the Boer war that England might be involved in hostilities witli some other power, consequent t ereon; bitt.the claims of the different nations in the matter of the disintegration of. Chine are still more pregnant with possibilities as regards war between' the mother country and some other nation of Europe .au r in whichers Avitiaseyesia . uaLbs turned towards Australia, 