ABOUT ABBOTT. The Hon. Sir Joseph Abbott, for many years Speaker of tho Legislative Assembly, and for a considerable further timo drawing tho salarv of Speaker, has definitely announced himself as a candidate for the Federal Scnato. Encouraged thereto by the fact that at the Federal Convention elcctious ho was successful, though ho undertook no aotive canvass of tho constituencies, Sir Joseph Abbott seems to regard himself as absolutely cortain of success iu au ambition which any degree of reasonableness, any faculty of accurately gauging his own deserts, would lead him to at onco abandon. But, whilst at the Convention elec tions, the voters wero bamboozled into giving their suffrages to scud one of the lamest of the lame ducks with which Now South Wales was cursed,' to tho gathering of inter colonial politicians, there is bat little likelihood of such a mistake being repeated. The people have had too much Abbott. They have had experi ence of his indecent greed for office, of his impertinent presumption in striv ing to push and intrude where he was not wanted ; they have seen his arro gance and snobbishness in authority ; they have seen his cowardice when faced by a strong man ; and at the sittings of the Federal Convention they learned to scorn him, a big man with a dignified voice, knt without an idea and without the courage even to use his voice on behalf of his colouy — a most lame and impotent conclusion to tho trustfulness of the voters who then thought so much of Sir Joseph that they elected him, in his absence from the colony, to the delegation. One of tho reasons why New South Wales is subjected to so many igno minious flouts and outrages in the Commonwealth scheme which is now coming into operation : the chief reason why the measure came out of Convention, deeply tinged with con servatism, and even with reactionary blots which may yet cause tho gravest of trouble to the united p oplc, was that this, the metlicr colony, and tho home of Australian lihprnlTHm- ira* represented at tho Convention, by more than oue, indeed, more than two, 'lame ducks,'1 who were either un able or unwilling to think, Bpeak or. vote for the colony. The other pro vinces had 10 representatives, wo had bat 7. And the lamest of our lame ducks, the most useless member that we sent to that Convention was Sir Joseph Abbott. Just as well for tho colony if the voters had nut in his place a block, a stone, a aenseliss thing. The big man with the large voice might have been replaced, without auy harm, by one of 'the Boxers' (after Canova) from ths Botanical Gardens. ... There is no reason to suppose that, if Sir Joseph Abbott were elected as one of the New South Wales Senators, his record would be any more useful. Possibly if there were a nice, snag, comfortable billet, nearly approaching to a sinecure, available, he woula make all possible effort to fill it ; otherwise tie would be a dumb dog. But uusuitubleuess for a honor is not in Sir Joseph Abbott's mind a reason why h. should not make it the object of his aspiration. A few years ago, with an impudence that he perhaps did not fully comprehend himself, Sir Joseph Abbott became a candidate for a seat -on tho University Senate, the Board of Govern ment of our chief educational institu tion. Gradnates strongly resented this ranriirintlire. Sfl^incr tlmt. Sir .TnaonJi Abbott was not a member of the University or of any university at all. As well might a man who is not an Australian citizen, aspire to be a member of tho Federal Government. But no considerations of propriety or of good taste would deter Sir Joseph from his candidature. 'Iam Sir Joseph,' he thought, ' with my great inches and my great voles, These university men will not dare to refnse me a place on their governing body.' Bat they did. The mild and nnassnming, hnt able and scholarly, Dr. C alien, M.L.O., a member and a past student of the University, was put up as a rival candidate, and after a stern fight, was retarned by a large majority. * t « The contest was a bitter, and in soma respects an undignified one. . The news papers were called into the field of action as supporters of Sir Jos.ph Abbott, and this hntinoreased the resentment of the University, which found its organ - sation and government dragged dewn t» the level of pot-honse politics. In sup port of Sir Joseph Abbott it was pointed out that precedent jnstified a University in going outside the ranks of its own men to confer a deserved honor, and Sir Henry Parkcs' name was mentioned ip tliiB connection. The reply made byolie of the Professors in the form of|a letter to the public press, was complete and crashing. It was admitted that there were oases where the cnltnre aud high literary or educational attainments of a man justified a departure from the propi r rule and custom, but it was maintained that ill re was no reason of that sort to excuse such an exception in Sir Joseph Abbott's case. — If Sir Joseph Abbott had taken to heart tho lesson against presumption given en that occasion, it would have been better for him. But hie monu mental coucoit is proof against nuy rebuff. Siuce that incident, as before, he has been a candidate for any and every billet, the emoluments or the patronage of which made it worth covetiug. A loose directorship lying arouad is eagerly grabbed at by Si Joseph, if ha lias the ghost of a cliauco of success ; and such a rebuff as bo M. — J- ll,« t L M* 4^. M 1j.aI A T Q lift t\lr Uivu vi n u au k-UU insi AiUsW. i-auik meeting, wlion ho was easily defeated by Mr. Mcoks, lessens neitl.er his greed nor his conceit. Ho is n Perpetual Candidato for Everything. And a billet once got, he hangs lo it with hooks of steel. Tk.'ro is, .per haps, nothing so mournfully petty and pitiful as the fashion in which he hung on to tho Speakership of the New South Wales Assembly. For two-thirds of a Pnrliami nt he hold to tlio position and its emoluments when he was absolutely unable to perform its duties, and during that period his work was carried on almost constantly by a substitute. Session after srssiou it was more than implied that tliis would bo tho last— that when the House next mot Sir Joseph would abnndou tho duties which he could not perform ; and with what dignity was left him, would retire to private life. Butsession after session tkisliopo was disappointed, and, recuperated a little by a holiday, Sir Joseph would manage to get through with a little bit of work as au excuse for con tinuing in office. Absolutely nothing more painful and humiliating hasev.r been inflicted on the Assembly. Seeing that the reasons for Sir Joseph Abbott's inability to perform his duties were medical ones, an honorable member who had reminded him of his duty to him self aud to the Parliament would have besn held open to a charge of cruelty. But what was not said openly was whispered privately, not only in Parlia ment but in the streets, and the dignity of one of the highest and noblest offices of the State was seriously besmirched by the Speaker's humiliating conduct, e ? ? If it had been that Sir Joseph Abbott was a poor man, dependent on the salary of office, and at the same time a loved and loveable man,complaints would not have been so general or so deep. To help a lame dog over a stile is always the delight of men worthy of the name. Bnt it was not a ease where private pity and private affection could smother the promptings of public duty. Sir Joseph Abbott, as a solicitor iu practice, as a member of Parliament, and as a guinea-pig, earning a large income from directorships, should have been in no need of tho Speaker's salary, whatever actually was the case. And the manners of the man gave him no claim to affection. ? ? ? Political snobbishness, cowardice, arrogance and ccnsoriousness distin guished Sir Joseph Abbett always. To the influential men of tho House he truckled ; the strong men he feared and koo- tooed to ; tho little men he ruled with a merciless rod ; to the faults of thoBo who could be safety attacked he was extremely censorious, forgetful that there may have been a time when his conduct called for ' merciful consideration rather than harsh judgment, and when on his deserts he might not have 'scaped a whipping. When Mr. Reid was Pre mier, no breach of tlio rales on his part Beemed to arouse tho Speaker's atten 1/iuu. 44t,vavu auu uuipcn woie 6*LV driven through every rule of debate and law of conduct by the leader of tho House night after night, and never a protest from Sir Joseph. Mr. Crick, again, whose shrewd and bitter tongue, and whose knowledge of Parliamentary law the Speaker feared, was given great license. If ho alleged that a member was ver minous it wee not disorderly. But let some little man, an uninfluential labor member, or an inoffensive and insignificant follower of oue or other of the fiscal parties but ope his mouth uuwarily, and Sir Joseph Abbott was all alert to crush him. A man can havo in politias no worse character than that he is courageous against the weak and inoffensive, and timid against the strong and the unrnly. But that was Sir Joseph Abbott's way. There pan be no more unloveable trait than that feeling which leads some men, who havo themselves sprang from nothing, and who' have themselves been often in debted more to forgiveness than to justice for favors, to show a haughty contempt for those whose positions are still low, and whose natures are still struggling. Of that trait Sir Joseph Abbott must be found guilty. Under the circumstances his hang ing on to the Speakership, in defiance oi the almost pnblic murmurs of practi cally the whole House, was simply a reliance on the faot that his illness made it a painful thing for members to do what they should have done and what they wished to do. When at last he was almost dragged from the post he possibly congratulated himself on having held to the dignity and emoluments of the post at a price which /te would not feel, though a more sensitive man would have died sooner than have paid, Bnt in his calculation of cost he was wrong, and he will probably find ont his mistake when the results of the Senate elections aro announced. Sir Joseph Abbott now regards himself as a certainty for election. Judging by the results of tho Convention elections be has a right to ; bnt mnch has hap pened since. The man is better known now ; he will be called npon to pay the price of retaining the Speakership in defiance ol all dignity and of the public interest: Tho poll will toll him that the people have had quite enough Abbott. 