FROM THE FRONT. THE MAGERSFONTEIN MASSACRE. A Butchery; not a Battle. WAUCHOPE'S DEFEAT AND DEATH. THE DECIMATED "HIGHLANDERS. Graphic Glimpse of the Battle Field. BY THE " SUN "—SPECIAL, T am sitting in the passige of tin- Madder - River Hotel writing this des patch, Monger i having a sleep in the. i-toip ovrside, and all around me wounded men are lying, ton and mangled by rifle balls and shell." Tin- place is a perfect charnel-house, and the surgeon's knife is busy on friend and foe alike. I have witnessed my first big battle, and half The Poetry of War has ebbo-1 out ' me. The other half will go mighty q "ckly if I manage t.i get in the r d of one of the mauser hullots. B T am anticipating. The Vus'ralii were looated at Ensilen, about 1 "> es on the Cape Town side of £ lie .1 ,0 1 r River. Several war corres- POD I-.-. were there with them beside m ' , viz., W. J. Lamhie, Melbourne I ',t Ucay, of the Melbourne Herald. oy of the Critic,' and Cameron of the \V st Australian. ' On Sunday about on we heard the Hound of heavy firing. / ery soon we found out thar- a big battle .vas raging between Methuen's forces and Cronje's at a spot four miles and a half beyond \f odder River, called Masersfon- tein. All that day the firing continued, and we were wild to get away and look at the fight, but could not do so because the intervening country swarmed with foes, and the Boers are bad people to meet in their present f "i.per. Besides that, we expected ev. .y hour-; to be attacked in Ensilen ourselves, as a large "com mando" was hovering in the kopjes around us ready to take advantage of the first opening that offered On Monday morn- incr otp hpnrrl orrpnfc crnnR sik wnrk :icr;iin and when a scout brought down the news- that the whole brigade of Highlanders Had Been Terribly mauled, I found it more than flesh and blood could stand to remain idle within earshot of the fight. A whispered word to our colonel - obtained me permission to go out and take my chance— entirely at my own risk. Monger, .who! is nothing if he is not " game." volunteered to .-try the journey wiihuSi ioii fiot ; bo we started, leaving i all the other correspondents snug in camp. But lupk was with us, for we struck an amubulnncc train that had - runofE the line, the Boer scouts having deranged the points. "\Ve lent a hand to fix things up; then,. taking Fortune by ine xoreiocK, we suppeo quietiy ou _tue train and lay snug until she ran into Modder River Station, We had the satis faction of knowing that of all the men who left Australia to chronicle the fight ing, The Sun representative was the First to bo "Under Fire. The others may get the news from pass ing trains, but my helpmate and E arc gathering the news tin the spot. We stood all the morning witbin 10 yards of tho big naval gun "Joe Chamberlain," filling in the gaps between the shots cutting plugs of tobacco for the gunners. Now, as I ex pect when I return to Australia 1 shall be asked on all sides how I felt the first time under fire, let me state here that, as far as my own experience goes, most of what I have heard and read concerning the funk that seizes the novice on the battle field is all nonsense. I have felt far worse in many a tough football match than in this my ratiden battlefield, and the same will apply to pretty nearly all with whom 1 have conversed. I don't know how a Mlow feels when hit, and I dou't want to know ; but! as for sensations, well— one felt a strange kind of wonder. There was No Awful Horror, no raising of the hair, no desire to eo and look if the crops wero growing in the next section. One felt for , the tiim being a queer kind of exdtition, a name less sort of m tuhine-like irresponsibility. You simply f«lt that you aro in it, and must lake yourchauce ; and 111 ten minutes you take no more notice of tho dropp-im lead than a horse does. You feel a sort oE sorrow for; the fellows around you, hut never entertain tho idea that any of the danger belongs £0 you personal!'. Now for the fight. The Boers, number- ing anywhere between 12.UU;) and io.UdU, under General Cronje, had entrenched themselves in a range of kopjes, which completely commanded four nules of open veldt utterly devoid of shelter large enough to shield a rabbit At the base of the kopj.S facing the plain the enemy had dug trenches deep enough to Completely Hide its Riflemen. They did not throw up any earthworks, as by so doing they would disclose the exact position of their trenches to our artillery and riflemen. Tn front of these trenches they stretched lines of stout b irbcd wire, in. order to bring down any of our cavalry who mi /lib venture to charge, and al»o to trip up any of nr men who tried to force the position at tho point of the bayonet. They also fairly ribbed the rocky hillsides with en trenchments for their nfl uncn, who also hud the loose r'-'cks for protection. In the narrow gullies and at awkward cor ners they had ituiinelled caves to protect their artillery ; and front, fl mk and rear, they made that natural fortress A Line <t>" living Steel. Their guns weru of a high order and they were handled by 110 Boer novices, but by framed foreign artillerymen, who bavo li'.tle to ioarn in the art of war from any man living, uenerai uronje is tne nomi- n 1 head of the Boer army, but it is well- known that hei is assisted by foreign officers bought bry Transvaal money. Our forces under Gemeral Methuen numbered roughly about 12.1)1) men— a brigade of Highlanders, a brigade of Guards, a sec- thin of the Naval Brigade mid Royal .Artillery, a few regiments of cavalry and some rough ruling scouts. None of the Australians or Canadians were there, unless the 100 Sydney Lancers were in the field ; if thev were I could not learn any tlnng concerning them at all. Tho battle commenced at two o'clock on Sun day, t.'ne Naval brigade opening fire with the long gun, which has a ranee up to 10.000 yards and throws a 45 lb. snell. The Boers replied with their guns and the the artillery duel commenced in ' earnest. Our gunners made magnificent shoo'ing, and at one time it looked as if we should win the battle easily and with- ut serious loss of life. The Boers suf fered terr'blv from the deadly lyddite shells. This projectile is maniiE'ctured with gase uis matter which, when ex ploded, deals death by suffocation over an area /if 51 yards from the spot where the shell explodes. Neither man nor beast can live near it, and the Boers dread it beyond all power of description. Our losses were severe, but slight in compari son with those of the enemy, in spite of the tremendous advantage they had in regard to position. Right up to this point the British forces Were Superbly Handled, but the watches of the night brouyh' disaster. At midnight the whole brig.vR of Highlanders, about 40 K) s rong. moved up t >wards the.steepest kopje, where the enemy was known to be most strongly en trenched. General Wauchope was in command. Where they got to in the darkness is not just exactly kno wn, but at 3 o'clock on Monday morning, before the dawn >.ad broken, and whilst tbe whole brigade was moving in quarter column, some one stumbling in the dark discharged a rifle, and in a second the Boer searchlights wero turned full upon the mass f men who, in order to keep in touch with each other had insanely crowded together Bhoulder to shoulder. The Boers at once saw the Highlanders, who were not more than 51 yards from the trenches at the foot of the kopje ; and then began oL Slaughter Grim ana Great. Our fellows were so missed that they could make little use of either rifle or bayonet. For a few mom-nts, under a storm of lead fired from almost match less rifles at pistol range, tho Highlanders attempted to open out and charge the heights, but men and officers fell like sheaves in autumn. It was not a fight ; it was a slaughter. If at that terrible I moment a genius had arisen to l«yid them up the height's, the position might have been saved, but General Waucnope was down in his own blood, and the very flower and chivalry of tbe Highland officers Kay Dead, or Dying: with him. Then someone shouted to the men to fall back ; and. pelted with iron from the heights and lead from the trenches, they full away — shattered, broken; beaten, leaving 1310 dead ana wounded on the barren veldt at the foot of the hills of Magerafoutein. How many of their officers died in that terrible shambles it is not possible to say ; but this I kuow, that wheu the fight was over for the day, the wretched- Highland regiments, or all that was left of them, had in some cases to be led home by . a staff officer, their regimental officers being either dead or wounded. Monday, 11th December. 1819, was A Cold Day for Sootland. Never before in all her history has the . prestige of the Scots suffered as it did tliuftfl'ir finrl liiln f.rt a Ritai n novr the slogan of the clans rings in his eats. After that fearful disaster tne Highlander- were not much use to us on Mouday ; the shock seemed to have demoralised them entirely— and no wonder. During the rest of Monday bttle was done apart f om artillery work. The Boers stuck close to their entrenchments, and would not be coaxed out on any terms ; so at about four in tbe afternoon a brigade of guards dashed at the lower entrenchments, and getting iu a few rattling volleys they swarmed ov>r the entanglements mule 01. barbed wire. Then, with a yell that cur dled 'he blood of the B oers, they lowered their bayonets aud bounded right in top "f the foe. and with cold steel avenged the downfall of the Highlanders, i'hey jumped down into the 1 reaches, Tossed tlie Boors Out on the points of their buyoiitts as h irvest hands toss hay at reaping titn-V But though they took tho outworks, ihuy UOUmI UJu Ll'iDI LUtjlll UU tiUUUullu <11 UIO concentrated fire poured on themfrom the heights. When they got the order to retire, they formed up as coolly as if upon parade ; then swung off as calmly as iE at Aldershot. Nor « liil the Boers dare at tempt to regain those lines until our dashing follows had marched well out into the open. At sundown the battle ceased, only to begin again on Tuesday morning with unabated vigor. Monger and I w oit out with the Naval Brigade, ,.iud stayed with them for h»iirs. Whilst we were with them a number of our wounded crept in under the fusila.les of ill ' artillery fire. The Boers would not allow us to gather 111 the disabled men, and many of our soldiers had lain out 011 the bare, open veldt all through a bitter night. I know how they must, have suf fered with their gaping wounds stiiFeunisr in the dreary watches of thar. wind-swept night ; for my friend and I lmi spent- it on the bare ground in .>ur khaki -uits ; and, though strong and unwonri.led. had prayed for the dawn and cue rising of the sun. Zt was a Pitiable Sigrht to see those brave men limping in with the clotted blood dyeing the khaki cloth ing crimson ; some with shattered jaws, or gashed and gory heads ; others with arms shot almost off, the mangled limbs dang- ling niaeousiy. xnoy nmpea or crawteci, or were led fainting, yet game, to the line where they knew succor awaited them. Our dead lay thickly near the kopje. A11 day long the ambulance wagons carried the shattered wrecks "f living men into the town for medical treatment-. During the morning our fellows "offered severely, and uiauy a mother's heart will ache — m-iiiy a widow's tears will flow— many a maiden's ciioek will pale— in Britain's proud empire, in cottage and stately tall, whenever for coming years tho name ot Mag- rsfontein is mentioned. But if we suffered duriiig that l >ng duel, heaven only knows how bndly the enemy fared. One of the prisnneis said to mo — pointing to the big navai gun — ' If those men could only look over that kopje and see the frightful work that they nave done, they would never fire another shot in their lives." Other prisoners state that the eullies are full of dead and woundod, whilst The Trenches Run Slood. The Boer general is in a desperate plight, Eor he know3 well that in the open coun try his army has not a ghost of a chance of standing up to our soldiers, and there is not much country of a similar kind behind him ; for from this point on to Kimberley the country becomes more open. Therefore, General Gronje is staking his all on a desperate hazard, . and our officers know it well. . He may pat up one or two more good battles before retiring on the forti fied town of Kimberley, but not more. > ' At half-past 1 o'clock on 'Tuesday General Methuen gave f-rders for a general retire ment on Modder River. The men fell back very quietly and calmly, and are now encamped at that place. This afternoon our ambulance corps was allowed to go out and gather in the wounded. They - brought in with them tho body of the gallant but ill-fated General Wauchope, who fell at the head of the Highlanders.' Ihe General's hoflw woo Completely Riddled with Bullets, and death mast havo been instantaneous. Had he lived long enough to get his men - iu hand after the surprise, what a different tale I might have had to tell about the homecoming of the Highlanders from that bloody field! At half-past 5 this evening the General was buried on the veldt, just out of Modder township, with ill the honors of war. It was the most imposing sight I ever witnessed. First oame the pipers of each clan, 16 in num ber, in all their splendid reg ilia — not tho plain khaki they fi ffib in; and behind hem mirched, with rifles reversed, the vhohi of all that rem lined of the grand H'ghland Brigade, some 300') men, all told. The pipers mive-l wifh stately solemn tread — the measure of death — and their bagpipes sobbed and wailed, aud cobbed again, to the strains of " The Flowers of the Forest," the slow rhythm ->f the Sottish soldiers' footsteps timin" in with the Weird Music of the Bagpipes. I never thought there was melody in the Highland pipes_ before, but now I know - different ; for in that wailing, weeping, sighing melo ly one conld almost catch the sound of women moaning and the falling of women's tears. Round the shallow grave the fighting men moved proudly but sadly ; their bronzed faoes stern and hard, though tears glistened in eyes that were hob with pain and wrath ; for this dead soldier was one whom his men had loved as a father; a man of intrepid courage and true ability, of spot less honor and stainless truth. No wonder they had loved him ; no wonder they moaned his fall ; for he left none ; braver or better behind him to fill his 7 place. At last they laid him down to sleep as he had fallen, with his soldier's trappingB upon him, wrapped in his great coat and. blanket. His stalwart soldior son was the first to reverently drop tho chill earth on his colcl breast. . Then the pipes broke forth again ; ihts time it was Loohaber no More," and Tears Ran Down a Thousand Faces ; brawny hands clenched hard on rifleB, whilst frowning brows turned sulleply and menacingly towards the heights four miles away where the foe lay watching - s. The solemn rite was over, ana another British hero was left to sleep in a foreign land until the day of judgment. One veteran, as he slowly passed the rave where his General lay, said, brokenly—" We'll nae fergit ye Soon, General." " Nae, by God," spoke another; "ana we'll write his name on the' hearts of the Boers with our bayonets next time we meet them." ' L, for one, believe they will, and write it deeply and redly, too. After the burial of General Wauchope, Monger and l went to look at the bodies of fifty of his brave followers who had died of their wounds this afternoon. They Laid Them With Their General in just Buch another grave, so that he- wenc ixiio tne stiaaowiana with a grand bodyguard. To-night they are laying another long row beside them. To morrow I fear me there will be one row' more. Tomorrow our little army of ' Australia will arrive here, and they will get their baptism of nationhood in a font of bloou. 