THE CAMPAIGN. INTERESTING STORIES. A CLEVER AUSTRALIAN. WAR DONE TO ORDER. ! (From our Special Correspondent.) London, May 4. THE UNLUCKY TECKS. The papers this week teem with details of the Koor:i Spruit disaster, near the Bloemfontein "waterworks. Only one par ticular remains unpublished-the name of the commander of the luckless convoy. The Radical papers are beginning to make sig nificant remarks on this curious and most unusual omission, and that thorn in the side of the Government, the Manchester Guardian," speaks out as follows: "It is very remarkable- that in rtone of the reports is the commander of the con voy mentioned. His name must be very well known a't Bloemfontein, and all the correspondents would not accidentally omit it. It has either been left- out at the request of the military authorities, or the letters have been censored. As none of the papers indicate that the censor ha* been, at work, the first is the more prob able explanation. This attempt to keep secret the name of the officer who blun dered will foil. Sooner or later the mili tary authorities ?will be compelled to tell the whole truth." The nastiness of these remarks will be easily realised when I mention that it is freely stated that either Prince Adolphus of Teck or his brother, the duke, was the culprit. There can be no doubt they are an unlucky family, and onlv too probably blundered into trouble. What will the Queen say? PURPLE PASSAGES FORM ''SMILER" HALES. South Africa has been tfae grave of many reputations, but it has 'brought to the front a band of brilliant journalists, who, but for the war might have lingered in obscurity until their natural enu. Amon^ the many who have made a name for themselves with -the pen is the South Aus tralian, ^Ir. A. G.. otherwise "Smiler" iiaies, who is now doing excellent descrip tive work for the "Daily News." Hales Is an impressionist, gifted with a large lund or "Bulletin" humor, and he mixes the two things into admirable salad. Some times he is very "high falutin," but al ways picturesque and effective. Here is a. sample of his eloquence, describing a night attack at Spnngfontein: the blackness, where no eve but tlie e?e jr God co.lllci reach, we, each man, stood face to face with his own soul, and few were there who did not wish some °f P&st; had never been written in the Book of Lite. It was a sermon in faience, yet so eloquent that every soul was stirred. Some of us thought of home, oi wne, and child. Others let their fancy to her whose girlish lips had clunt? to theirs when the dear home ties were bro ken by the rude hand of war. Others ic that grim period thought fondly of a larse and healthy rock, to hide behind, and he whose hand traces these lines owns readilv that he was one of the last. For it had dawned^upon him in that evil hour that all the fame and glory in the world would not be big enough to plug the tiny hole a ??Mauser bullet makes. Then came the shells, chrieking and wailing through the horrible clouds of n'ight, like devils driven for ever m hopeless horror from the gates of the eternal city. We knew not whence they came, nor whidher they were going. We only knew, and cared to know, that they were made of iron, whilst we were made of something.not much harder than mud, and a voice within us told us that if there were a collision it would not damage the shells..9 In another passage Mr. Hales says of the projectiles:-''They seemed -to weep as they sped towards us. like women who had been widowed through the deeds of evil men. They lifted up their voices in the night, and screamed, as f have heard a horse scream in the quicksands. They laughed as a drunkard laughs when deli rium has possession of his brain. They .howled as wolves howl through the snow covered forests of Canada; and we tried to scoop holes in the earth to put our heads in." This.sort of thing reminds one of the 'Mcminn Post" man's purple passage anent the music of bullets, and the Globe s ' retort. The "Post" corresfpon dent, in describing the sounds made bv various missiles, referred- to the peculiar noise made 'bv a. riccochetting Manser bul let as being "like the coughing of a sick ghost. The '"Globe" said its expert avowed it was mucli more akin to the groaning of a. gouty worm. YANKEE REALISM. The American passion for realism has to be catered for; so it is no surprise to learn that the smart people who run the kinetoscope in the land of the ?wooden nut meg are marshalling dummy armies of Bri tons and Boers on remote hillsides in order to provide thrilling 'battles for the edifica tion of the people at dime shews. A week or so ago the Jcinetoscope people decided to produce the_'battle of Colenso, and the "New York" journal gives an amusing stery of J low it was worked. The battle took place in New .Jersey, not far from Orange, and the moving picture war cor respondent thus describes the leading in cidents: The sun was shining brightly, and the kraetoscope men were confident of vic tory. Three hundred warriors had been employed -to fight the battle, and new whiskers had been secured ior the Boer forces. Both armies went to tihe scene of conflict in waggons. Being short of ?mounts, myself and other distinguished cor respondents were compelled to ride to Kel ley's saloon, the rendezvous, in a trolly eaT. , W-hen we got there we found the armies lined .up against the bar. Crowded around the battlefield were -about 3,000 residents of Essex comity, on foot, on ?horseback, and in waggons. The natives were warned to keep out of the thick of the fight, but their curiosity was fierca. Many of them had sons or brothers or fathers in tbe contending armies, and wanted to- be along to shout advice. ''''Men," said- General (Manager) White, after the two armies had created a famine in Kelley's, "tbe batt'-e to-day is the 'battle of Oolc-nso. Let every man do his duty. To your places, Boers." '""Hoiild on," said Commandant Jimmy Burns, of Passaic, second in command of the Boer Foreign I^egion, "how much is they in it?" General (Manager) White informed him ?tbat the prevailing rate of -wages for kine toseo'De warriors was 1.25 dollars a day. "Thin," said Jimmy Burns, as lie took off his Boer whiskers and put them in his pocket, "it's strike yez have on inetid ot a battle. Diwle a shteip '11 we fight," says he, "fur less than two dollars a day." "Hear, -hear," yelled the British and Boers in chorus. The demand of the brave fighters was granted, and the battle was on. Thousands of natives followed the 'troops of both sides, their frantic yells being heard above the din of battle. Most of them were 'Boer sympathisers and threw ro'eks at the British troops, t-hus spoiling as good asmoke kinet<S3cope effect as I ever saw. Despite the disadvantages General (Manager) "White carried the battle to a conclusion, but I fear me that the sight of half a hundred Jerseymen chasing the British army with boulders will not improve the picture. IN PRAISE OF NEW ZEALAXDERS. An Artilleryman, writing from is' orval's Pont, says:-"We had the New Zealan ders with us at Slingersfontein, and a more plucky lot of men I have never seen. They never considered the danger in front of fehem. I watched fhem take a kopje one day (while we were shelling it) under a galling rifle fire. The colonials made a splendid charge across the' plain, and didn't the Btiers run when they saw their bayonets! Unfortunately, 25 of them got in an awkward position, and we had to stop in action until dark to get them out. Strange to say, they only lost one man." PRESENTS FOR THE TROOPS. The following extract from a letter to the Agent-General for New Zealand from the War Office agent at Cape Town for the distribution of parcels, gives some idea of the difficulties to be contended with in the dispatch of presents to the troops: "For the general information of your cor respondents I may state that many cases, ?parcels, &c.;, have been received and dis patched to the Netv Zealand contingents, and have; 'beeA most grat^Mly..^pp.teciaJed. You will, I am sure, readily understand, fwitli limited accommodation for this pur pose at the Cape Town dock?, with insuf ficient transport-nearly all the trucks be ing employed in more urgent service-and ?with the "rapid movements of the troops in the Free State, the distribution of ttiese parcels and presents, of which we some times receive 500 tons daily, is attended with no little difficulty, and as complaint3 are frequently made at home as to the non-delivery immediately of packages sent out-which are sometimes delayed at Southampton, and sometimes carried on to Natal by vessels not discharging here-I venture to trouble you with this explana tion in the/ hope that it may satisfy any reasonable enquirer that his kindness is not being treated with indifference, or that the troops so bravely serving at the front are being neglected through any inaction on our part. A large staff is employed. They work unremittingly from 7 in the morning till midnight, the whole seven days round; and while regretting that circumstances beyond our control-which are not always appreciated <at home-have impeded the work of distribution, no ef fort is being spared to effect a speedy dis patch of the hundreds of tons received from all parts of the Empire, nyhich afford a striking monument of the kindness and consideration of those hosts of friends who follow with such practical interest the fortunes of our soldiers at the front." TO EXPEDITE DELIVERY. The continual growls we receive from the front airent the non-delivery of par cels sent out to soldiers by their friends at home, gives point to the following ex tract from a 14th Hussar's letter. Writing from Bloemfontein. he says:-"Some of tIK men's parcels get lost on the way, chiefly owing, so a post-oi]iee man told me, tc people putting on the outside, 'Tobacco, pipes, &c.;' This chap said it was a good plan to label such parcels, 'Bootlaces' oi "Tracts,' as this would ensure their safe delivery." "Whether the post-office man intended to suggest that bootlaces and tracts are considered special necessaries by the service postal authorities, or to indi cate that a system of petty pilfering of the more popular articles is in vogue, I leave to your readers. The tip, however, seems a good one. "THE PLAGUES OF SOUTH AFRICA." Sir William MacCormac, president of the Royal College of Surgeons, and Mr. Fre derick Treves, the eminent surgeon, were entertained at the Reform Club the other evening. The net result is that Mr. Treves is to-day one of the best- abused men in the three kingdoms. The cause is not far to seek. In the course of an _ admirable speech, in which Mr. Treves paid eloquent tribute to the conduct of Tommy -A tlcins in field and hospital, the surgeon said: "So far as the sick are concerned there are only two plagues in South Africa- the plague of flies and the plague of women. The flies tihey can get rid of by means of horsehair wisps and other appliances, and the flies depart at night. But the women -the women ' mentioned^te^lSir Alfred Milner-are really and abrelutcly a terror. They come out in the guise of amateur nurses, after having exhausted every other form of excitement. Considering the cha racter of the war in which we are engaged, a number of well-dressed ladies in Cape Town and elsewhere giving ^picnics is a little blot on the campaign. Xo one can have read Sir Alfred Milner's proclamation on this subject with more joy than those who arc so much in the hands of these ladies." This passage, in a twisted and garbled form, has been quoted against Mr. Treves as casting aspersion.', on the brave women who have gone to South Africa solely with a view to looking after the victims of the war. Both he and Sir William have made it clear that they have the highest opinion of 'the work of the Army Nursing Sisters, and of those unskilled and untrained ladies who have voluntarily abandoned the comforts of civilised life in order to minis ter by day and night to the wary is of the sick and wounded. Their objection is solely to the "butterfly" species of amateur nurse, and anyone who has had experience of serious hospital work will heartily en dorse Mr. Treves'* objection to their ap pearance in military casualty depots. PRAISE OF TIIE XURSES. Sir William MaeC'ormac has voiced his opinions in the "Lancet" thus:-The work of the Army Nursing Sisters has been ad mirable and*endless. The untiring energ> and patience shown by these ladies, under great difficulties and stress, have been beyond praise. The sisters of the Army Nursing Reserve, and very many civilian-trained nurses, have, of course, been also employed, and the same remarks in perhaps a somewhat less degree apply to them also. The members of the Army Nursing Reserve have been trained to a certain extent in army work, but the civilian nurses proper have to be looked after in official matters by the sisters of the Army Nursing Service. The work has also undoubtedly been hampered in some cases by the interference of ladies whe know little of hospitals or nurses, and who wish, with the best intentions, to help, but their inexperience renders them ineffective for good. .Sir William's la.=t remark is not inten ded to apnlv to the earnest, conscientious amateur, but to the "ladies" who like to pop into the hospitals just when the fancy suits them, and to flit from cot tc cot, chattering, simpering, leering, gushing (and flirting when opportunity offers), without regard to time or the condition of the patients. But his opinions, and those of his eminent colleague, have been mis understood. and to-day we find the ladies of the ""Pioneer Club" demanding an apology from Mr. Treves for his aspersions on 'their sex. and a "piouant little Aus tralian lady" (Vide the "Express), Miss Edith Sutton-just homefrom Pietermaritz hurg- declares that the great surgeon "must be perfectly horrid." THE STORY OF PRIVATE ALEXANDER. The following story, told by Private Alexander, of the 1st -Suffolk?, to a "Daily Telegraph" correspondent, shows that there are Boers and- Boers. The soldier was in parlous case when the pressman met him. He had been badly wounded and captured by the Boers near "Colesberg, and was on the way to Pretoria as prisoner when he was recaptured, by the British. This brave fellow bore evidence in his shrunken form and pale face of the many hardships which he had endured. His right arm had 'been amputated, and he was also minus a finger. While recovering from these injuries typhoid fever super vened, and- for some days he lingered at death's door. However, Private Alexan der was determined to "fight it out." and 1 doubt not that his presence in Bloem fontein to-day is due in no small measure to that same sturdy resolute spirit in the struggle for life which he has displayed all along. He said: "Early in January-it was on the 6th, I think-the 1st Suffolk Regiment occupied a position near Colesberg. We were awakened about midnight and ordered to prepare to march. Instead of boots we were to wear our slippers, so as to make as lit tle noise as possible. There were eight companies of us, commanded by Colonel Watson. Well, we manflied for five miles over broken country, stumbling most of the way, and stopped when we reached the foot of a certain kopje. It was then abour 2 in -the morning; there was no moon, and consequently it was quite dark. We ad vanced a little way up the kopje, when the Boers opened a deadly fire. They could not have seen us, but it was quite evident that they had heard us. It was too warm for anyone to live long, and' wg heard Colonel Watson call for a trumpeter, who was to be asked, we thought, to sound the order to retire. At that time our men were scattered around the kopje in exten ded order, and the sound of a man's voice would not- have reached them all. There was no bugler to be found. 'A' and 'II' Company were then ordered to advance, and when near the firing line we were told to fix bayonets and prepare to charge, but the charge was interrupted by a deep ditch 'between us and the Boer position, and we were obliged to fling ourselves to the. ground. Both companies returned the Boers' fire, but it was impossible to stand against the showier of bullets which as sailed us. 'A' and ,'H' mustered about 200 men,. and everyone was either killed or wounded, or was compelled to surrender. The other companies managed' to retire. Captain Brett, of 'A' Company, was wounded in the left shoulder, and he is now a prisoner at Pretoria. Captain Brown, of 'H,' was struck in the chest, and I hear has since died. Lieutenant Carey, of 'A,' was ^hot, and never moved afterwards. "When we surrendered the Boers cams from their hiding-places and carried off the prisoners and wounded to Colesberg, the former being sent away to Pretoria as SOOT; as possible. As regards myself-and I think I can speak also for the others r jvouaded-rJ -jviihJia .^tute"that - thc^Epe^ showed us the greatest kindness. They took as .away in a comfortable ambulance, and we were attended by German doctors and nursing sisters. Everything possible was done, so far as circumstances permit ted, to relieve our sufferings. A bullet had struck me in the left elbow, shattering the bone, so that amputation was necessary. I also lost the third iinger of my right hand through a shell. They took the wounded to Co'.esberg Hospital, and after that they were sent to Pretoria. I was too ill to be moved, but, considering my serious wounds and shock. I made rapid progress, for which I am indebted to the skill of the Boer doctors and zeal of the nurses. I Was then sent to Springfontein, where the fever took me. Again they nursed me back to life and hope. Then, on March 13, I was to be sent to Pretoria,; together with Private Chapman, belonging to the Wilts, who had lost his left leg. As ire were going along by Kaffir Iiiver, iD the Orange Free State, we saw a troop of cavalry galloping towards the train. We found them to be the 9t!h Tjanceis, and they took possession of us. The Boer en ginedriver uncoupled his locomotive and sped back to Springfontein. The Lancers chased and fired at him, but he escaped. Then our German doctor rode to Bloemfon tein, where the British were in possession, returned with another engine, and in that way we completed our journey. I need scarcely say how delighted I was to ex change my Boer guardians for British. I was wounded and weak, it is true, but I was free once again!" 