IN THE DARKEST HOUR. STORY OF THE BOER WAR. j IN THREE PARTS. PAUT III. . Mrs. 'Morris.■■continued, lior -story by saying:— : v ■ ■-' On tho.morning of tho birthday the dog curt was sent to the station to meet , the earliest train; and. if the young gentleman wasn't in that; tho groom was lo wait till ho did come.1 But the hours piissed, and tho company arrived, arid |ioor Mr. ISyrelon had to go out and make-excusos to tho neighbours and •tenants, and hear tho speeches. Still Master Frank didn't come ; and I could hear tho people saying how odd it was ; and the master got right down angered. However, wo servants hoped as he would • come in time for the ball and > make things right; but ho never came. , - ' Well, bit. by. bit the evoning -wore through and the dancing gave over. The company left, and, when all was gone, I went into the ball-room to shut it up, and see:.as. all was safo and the lights out.- I had it all.dono, and jusfc my oandlo in my hand, when it came. to my mind aslho shutters of tli& middle window weren't barred, and I turned back to see to it.' Just then thoro was a noise as of some one outside it, arid I says to myself, 1 Thero's Mr. Frank!' I can't toll how I know j but I did know.. For one thing, he often .came in that way, tho window being low and opening to tho ground. So I went forward just as ho throw back the shutter, and thoro ho was ! 1 Oh, Master Frank, my- boy !' I cried ; and just tlion,'hearing the noiso, in comes the mastor! ' Well, I can't tell you tho sceno tliero was then. Master Frank told as how, fearing his father would find somo way to stop his marriage, that very day, 'seeing he was ono-and-twenty, and nothing could bo said, he had £ono and married the young lady ho had spoken of. It seems lie thought to slip in and brink ljcr forward before all the company, thinking his father, for shame's sake, wouldn't say a word. But there had been a heap of dolays, and a train missed; and, when they did arrive, it was so late, the liouso was dark and the company gone.. So then ho thought, if ho could got in unbeknown, ho'd find mo, and get mo to make his peace. And thoro the young lady was standing behind him—a poor, pretty, timid young girl. Oh, but you looked like her tho first night you camo j arid often now you remind mo of her 1 ' Maybe, if Master Frank's plan had succeeded, and tho poor young thing had onco been introduced as his wife, the master might have made the best of it and coolod down, for shame's sake, beforo tho company ; but now ho was furioiiB. Ho 'would hoar nothing, fight or wrong ; and, though I begged him on^my knees to have them in, if only for that night, ho swore that insido liis houso they nover should set foot. Poor Mastor Frank 1 He had counted too fat- on his father's love. Ho turned white, and made an oath in his bitterness as ho would never ask again Tot forgiven ness, or seek his father's faco. Ho just put his'arm about his palo trembling young Wife and turned away off into the darkness. ' I tried, to follow, but the master wouldn't lrnvo it. '' Let them go !' says ho. ' I'll nevor see them moro 1" 'Poor, man, ho never did I lie repented after, when, before tho year was out, they were both'dead ; and ho tried hard to traco their little child. I think her pooplo kept tho baby away for pride, for ho oould nover,find it.' ' Did you nover know moro about her ?' I ask. ' Who was sho V 'A Miss Hartley, from Farmcroft in Yorkshire.' 'FarmcroftI1,1 oxclaim. 'My peoplo coino from there; and Hartley was my aunt's maiden namo. But it is so common in that part.' •Very liko,' says tho old woman, regarding my faco with altontion ; ' still it wouldn't be strange now if ydti was a cousin of somo sort. I never saw the pooi' young lady but that oncb; but you did remind mo of her strangoly as you stood' nt tho door that first night you camo.' v .- * , .. • .* * * * Mrs. Norris does not loavo mo till I am in bod and havo given hor uiy promiso to sloop liko a good child. I have overy intention of kooping my. word ; but at first no, lirtifioos will win oblivion. I. havo had .a headaolio all day.; Tho night is.hot. I am fovcrish and excited by.tho news I,havo received of Frank, an excitement which Mrs. Norris's talo has temporarily diverted, but not.dispelled.! On tlio contrary, my imagination has been roused; and, as, after weary tossing, drowsiness lit last steals ovor mo, the Frank of her story \- and my husband got mixed up together infovorishhalf-waking. dreams. , Tho picture downstairs comes back to my mind. ' Liko Frank after somo bad illness.' It must be like him now tlion. His father was cruel to him—Mr.. Eyrcton that is—would ho bo good to Frank when ho comes home? Will ho come? It is a woelf since ho was wounded at Mafokiug. If ho wore alivo ho would writo. Then comes uneasy slumber, and with it como horrible dreams—Frank lying dead, and I kopt away from my lust sight of him by Mr. JEyreton; Frank " alive, but wounded and in pain, trying to crawl to me, while Borne invisible barrier keeps us apart; Frank im prisoned by his uncle in the desolate ropm below—no—not Frank—tho pale faced image of my husband. The door is locked ; Mr. Eyrelon never enters it. Frank does not como to me! I awake, ^terrified and bewildered. Dreams and reality aro so entangled in my confused brain that I cannot separate them. Vainly I strive to reason away ray vague fears. If Frank wero in the room below, I must have seen him the last time I was clown there. It was only that dreadful picture. Well, I will go (vud seo. Half asliamed of this foolish impulse, which nevertheless I am constrained in some strange fashion to obey, I rise and throw on some clothes. As I am about to leavo the room, I remember the child. Some evil may happen to him while I | am gone, suggests an oxeited brain, fie may awake frightened, says struggling | reason. Snatching up a thick shawl, I wrap it round him and take him in my arms. The little fellow wakes, and I hush his wondering cry. Satisfied that lie is with me, he obeys my injunction to bo silent, and ncstlos down in my arms. The moonlight makes the corridor as light as day. Cautiously I pasH along it and descend the wide low stepped stair case. I have forgotten to bring a light, but it is not needed. We traverse the hall and pause lioforo the door of the old drawing-room. Tho handle is stiff, and a slight dilliculty in turning it rouses mo from my state of .semi-somnambulism. For one moment the utter folly of my errand overwhelms me. What idiotic fancy brought me prowling down to tho hall in the small hours of tho night, dragging my baby from his warm bed to wander along draughty passages? But here 1 am ; and, being here, 1 will enter the room, look round, and quiet onco and for ever my escited fancy, then go sensibly back to bed. Turning tho iihndle, I pass tho threshold and stand just inside tho open door. Though knowing the room to be un obstructed by furniture, I hesitate to advance. An unreasoning dread of ' the dark' is constitutional with some persons. I havo been subject to it from a child, and, though the moon shines in through the door from tho hall, her rays scarcely light tho great empty room. There is a dim unbearable twilight. See that picture I must before I retrace my steps; th'ereforo I stand irresolute, lamenting my stupidity in not bringing either lamp or candle. " I can distinguish the picture's position, for tho moonbeams have marked out the tarnished frame with a line of light. Suddenly, as I gaze, tho lino widens, widens slowly till tho whole framo stands out against the dark wall. Turn ing with an involuntary-shudder of fear to discover the cause of this.phenomenon, I see that the shutters of tho window which I opened on my first visit to the room aro slowly moving back. ' Tho wind—nothing more. JBe brave I' I whisper to my beating heart. The moment they are noiselessly pushed farther apart; and there, in the open window, with only the low half door betwoon us, stands the figure of tho picture—tho white face, with its strango dreadful likeness to my husband, tue blue cloak thrown round ono shoulder all, all tho samel My heart stops beating, tho darkness seems closing round me. Sly little Frank, • whoso innocent heart knows nothing of spiritual. terrors, sees the likeness, and, stretching out his arms, calls— — . 'Papa, papa:' I clutch him tightly to my breast, turn, try to fly, and sink down in a swoon. * * * * * When I como to myself, I am lying on the bed in my own room. Tho night light btirns steadily on tho dressing Uole; littlo Frank lies sleeping in his cot. Gradually tho horrors through which.I have passed recur to my mind. Were thoy indeed but a bad dream ? Am I even yet awake 1 Asking myself this question, I try to rise in bed In order to look round tho room and assure myself that all is real. To my surprise, 1 am unablo to move; my strength has vanished. 'It is ccrtainly a dream,' says I mentally. ' Such helpless feolings aro common in dreams.' I fall asleep again almost immedia tely, and when next I open iny eyes it is broad day. I lie quiet for somo time, with not even the wish to movo as the incidents of tho preceding night pass before my inind. It was but a dream, of course; but how distinct, how vivid! And, oven if but a dream, what may not its portent be? Did that pictured semblance of my husband descend from its framo to warn me of Frankls fate? My child called to it,- stretched .out his little arms to leave-me. Will ho too be summoned to join his falhor in tho land oi spirits P Is there indeed a blight on all who bear the name of Francis Eyreton? Strange to say, I think all this out quite calmly. It stirs no feeling in mo of sorrow or of fear. I seem to have lost energy ovon for grief. At last I notice, that tho child is not in his cot. It must bo lato. Doubtless Mrs. Jforris has dressed him and taken h'irn out. I try to rise, and fail as boforo. ■What is this weakness ? I must not and will not give way. A desperato effort raisos mo to a sitting, posture, and, in rising, somothing catches my eyo. Over <i chair; half hidden by the curtains of tho bed, lies a bluo cloak, such a man's cloak as is portrayod in the picturo bolow- und figured in my droam last night. A sudden courage norves my weak ness. I will know tho truth of all this. With trembling hand outstrotclied" I touch it. It is no garment of fantasy, but solid blue cloth; and, as 1 examine it further, I notice buttons tho dovico of which is not unfamiliar to me. Surely no ghost would adorn its raiment with tlio crest of my husband's roginiontl As I stnro in wonder at.tho .woll-known si<?n, a slifjht noise attracts my attention. Who is this'rising from tho fireside ohuir and stopping forward towards mo ? The faco is palo indeed, and'one arm is rosting in a sling; but, even as my senses fail, tho faco bent over mo with such a look of tenderness, tho loving well-remem bered voice, tell all. No ghost, no spirit from another world, could'have so rbal a -'.'presence. Oh, Frank, my own Frank I * * * * • # Yes, it ia all true; ho ia here. Days have passed, and wo have fully discussed our stories. They all moko a groat fuss over mo, and treat mo as aniDValid ,* but my strength is returuing vory fast, though thoy tell mo tliero wero two long days between tho night that Frank found jno swooning in the old drawing- room and tho morning when I woke to rocogniso his old Lancer cloak lying at tho foot of my bed. IIo and I havo had much to tell each other. My story has boon given, and his may bo told shortly! Ho was wounded at tho siege of Mafelnng, and lay ill in tho hospital for days and weeks, too ill to hear or know any thins;. When lie began to recover, and reflected how long I hud been without news, ho was frightened at tho thought of nij' anxiety, and longed to scrawl, if it were but one line; nnd he did make a left;hamled attempt, but I sup poso thcro was sonic mistake, for I never received it. Then camo tidings that I10 was to bo invalided home—joyful news in oneway, but saddened by tho doubt as to his i wounds ovor allowing him to sorvo again. Ho travailed day and night to join mo. My lottcrH having always been cheerful, ho knew nothing of tliu peculiarities of my lit'o at tbo Court, and came straight on the night ho arrived in England, novor heeding the lateness of tho hour till ho arrived at tho Slouglibury Station and found it im possible to procure a conveyance. Ho walked, lost bin way, and reached tho house quito tirod out, to lind all dark and no Hign of lifo or wakefulness; Hoping to neo a light in some servant's room, ho went round to tho other' sido of tho house, climbed tho low pleasure- ground wall, and then saw that one of the windows of the old drawing-room was open and tho shutters ajar. (It must havo been the window I opened inysolf on tbo day of my exploration and forgot to close. Lucky for us that tramps and burglars arc so rare in Slough bury !) Ho dotermiued to try whether ho could not get in and spend the night in somo arm-chair, or even on tho floor, wrapped in his cloak. As bo pushed open tho shutter ho saw little Frank and mo standing in the moon light, and beard tho baby voice call to him; Ab, my baby's innocence, that feared neither ghost nor goblin, was quicker to greet him than all my anxious love 1 As I fell, Frank sprang in and tried to raiBe mo with tho arm ho had freo j and, as ho was bonding over me, the door croaked, and, looking up, ho saw old Mr. Eyreton, • who had roused by tho noise of my fall, and had oomo to discover tho cause. Frank says that the old man suddenly started back. I think ho must have taken us for tho ghosts of his lost son and tho young wifo he had so oruelly turned away in that very room so many years before. But littlo Frank burst out crying and ran up to him, and then began,to pull him towards me; and tho sight of tho child and tho touch of the little hands seemed to rouso him' and make him comprehend all. He throw himself down beside mo, and oried to me to wake, to live, and lot hiin make atonoment for his oruel wrong to the dead. Frank wttB inuoli mystified, and did not know how to end tho scene. Ho could not lift me without help, and old Mr. Kyreton seornod quito incapablo of rendering any. At last Mrs. Norris, who really has been a good genius to me in Borne ways, was alarmed by the noise, and hastened to the room. Onco her first astonishment was over, sho proved a most efficient help,- and I was oarried to my bod. The next day Frank and Mr. Eyreton bad a long talk and explanation, which resulted in inquiries boing set on foot about my relatives. This morning I was thought sufficiently strong to be made.' acquainted with their issue. / Wonderful! I can scarcely boliovo it! Is it possiblo that I—tho little unknown girl whoso obuoure parentage 1ms been the Boom of Frank's own people—is it possiblo that I am Mr. Eyreton's granddaughter, the child of his unhappy son r Mrs. Norris has told me of the fathor's tardy ropentanco and unavailing effort to truce tho little orphan. -1 know that my likeness to tho poor young wifo has often struck her, as well as Mr. Eyreton. I .know that from my earliest years I have been brought up under an assumed name, and that no questions of mino over availed to dispel the eloud of mystery- that hung over my parentage. It seems that Mr. Eyreton has suspected tho truth since the day that ho mot me in tho hall below, aud^asked mo about my relatives. Some scruple of feeling always stayed him from entering on tho subjeot with mo; but tho conversation with Frank —who knows as muoh or as littlo of my people as I do myself—gave him tho clue to the mystery and suppliod tho link that has always failed him in tho chain of his researches. It is quito proved ; and I, who entered this house with fear and-trombling, now find myself its cherished mistress. And my grandfather? Ho is quite changed. His lovo for me was born out of pity for my sorrows and loneliness even bnforn ho HUHprot-cd my idonlity ; now it knows no bounds. His old fanoy for solitude and seclusion is gone; lie is not happy, save with mo nnd my child. Wo are all to leave Vjie Court for a short time, and give it over to tho hauds of renovators under Mrs. Norris's 'superintendence. All tho plans are brought to mo -and .Frank, and wo have long consultations with my dear grandfather over tho improvements. When all is settled and put in train, wo shall go abroad till the repairs and altera tions aro finished ; and, on our roturn, Mr." Eyroton talks of Frank leaving tho Army, and our settling here with him. I do not know how that will bo; but Frank's wound, though going on most satisfactorily, may not allow of his roturn to active sorvico, and I cannot boar to think of our .being parted again. But, howovor such plaus may turn out, I think that hero amongst 'all this happincsx-for tho present and bright hopo for tho futuro I may woll end this record of what will, I trust, prove to havo beoii tho darkest pago in niy lifo. Frank suys lie was quito right about my "mission;" but I say it was tho laddio's doinur, not mine, for " grandfather " took to him first. More—Frank's own pooplo aro " coming round " by degrees. . No doubt it was through tho war break ing out in South Africa that grandfather, granddaughter, great-grandson, uuclo and nephew were brought together to love and cherish 0110 another. Truly, it is an ill wind thut blows nobody any good. Tim End. 