THE TWO BACHELORS:; A DOMESTIC EXPERIMENT. A LANCASHIRE STORY. By John Garaett Leigh. When Amos Green and Thomas Bald- H'istle tried their famous experiment, the village looked upon it with keen interest. Certainly it was a novelty for two bachelors to attempt house keeping. Amos had " walked out " with Jenny X1 lui-liurst tor ten years; tire cinders on the caual-bauk knew thcin welt by this time; the bodges at Wil- lington Green, stunted and begrimed with coal-dust, bad seen them pass night by night. But difficulties arose, in the sArape of Jenny's father, broad of shoulder, strong of fist, whereas Aih'os was lean and small. " When art- tha' goiu' wed iny daugh ter?" asked the fond parent. "Same day as she weds me," an ac curate, if impertinent, reply. " Tfia'll put Up tlr askin's 011 Sunday, or Kit punch, thy head." " Then. Bill Fairhurst, tlia'll punch nv head." If was a daring -challenge,- and ' at onco taken up, and at the sariie time Amos GnSfen was . very - much taken iiown. After so affectionate an inter view, Amos could not , be- expected to keep up Ids fondness for Jenny. So the cinders knew them liu-moro; the hedges Lore their nightly disajjpointnicHt " cou rageously, and Jenny , showed evidence of au unbroken heart by at' once accept ing" Thomas Baldwistle's invitation to explore that end of Williugtou Green which leads to Williugtou-. Common.-. On three suceessivo nights, this was re peated, and Fairhurst-, senior, again in terfered. " Tommy," he shouted, as the couple stood at the garden gate in the lengthy task ef parting, "Tha' can couie i'side, Tommy: — ca'e tlieo deawn o' t' settle." Tommy was meek "and lowly. Mp obeyed. . "What's thy game?", "JVell, I've hardly thowt on 't yet." "Leok thee here. When I was coort- iuJ Jenny's inother there were no slob- berin' nbeaut it. There were no hand- howdiu' nor kissin', nor sliady-lune business. Wo just -made up eaur minds get wed, an'— we got -wed, see? What wer' 'good enoo' for me ail' t'other Jenny's good cuoo' for yo'. Th' owd coffin-maker's Iieauso is empty, an' you' eoii settle, it neaw, or else, as t' prayer-book says, for ever howd thy peace; seg r" It was very sudden, thought Tommy. Not yet ivas his mind completely made up, nor yet was the banking-account ready for the fatal step, and he hesi tated accordingly. "I'll be a good fcyther to thee, Tom my — yo' can come to tea liere o' Sun days." In spite of the alluring prospect, Tommy still held himself in check. " An' so loug as Jenny comes o' Mondays to. help her mother wi't wash- in', we can manage witheaut her — that's fivo clear days i' t' wiok for yo'. Y'o'll get tiret 0' one another fast enoo', .1 reckon, even wi two days short;" This gushing generosity affected the suitor but indifferently. "I reckon I'll lliink it o'er, Billy," he said. " Yo' can ha' th' owd dresser eaut o' t' wash-heause. It'll do like enoo' for yo'r kitchen, an' Jenny's harmonium's her own. I can do witheaut it nt any rooad, what wi' its screechin' an' its yawnink It'll cover t wa', thy knows, an' thou'll ha' to stond wuss nor a har monium i' thy life if 'oo isn't different fro' her mother." To say the least, Tommy's father in prospective was optimistio. Tommy was embarrassed. He had not expected such sudden and over whelmingly generosity.' Indeed, lie be gan to regret his somewhat impulsive love-making; he wished that young Amps Green had persevered, and thus monopolised the temptation. "Nay, Billy Fair'ist-, I've nobbut had three walks eaut wi' hex-, an' I'll non wed afoore I knows what I'm gooin' "to wed, but t-ha's oppened my e'en 'I'll oppen thy yed if tha' doesn't clear eaut p ' this." Tommy, fled. It was the end of his romance, and amid his conflicting cmo- t.ons he felt a sense of sympathy for his old rival Amos Greeu. He was t-mipted to drop in at the Engine-house ul Willihgton Green Colliery, where Amos, being on night duty that week, woyld be employed ' at the winding- c-agiuo df the new shaft. Perhaps, he nought, out of their fellowship in suf fering' they could concoct a scheme to humiliate that dragon of au impos sible father-in-law. Amos gruniml as Tommy entered, but Willing-ton Green is a country where caurtesy is ever frank and outspoken. "An' heuw. arta gerrin' on wi'" Jenny?" "Like thyself, Amos, I'm chucked!" "I reckon her feyther has bin at thee — wi' marriage lines ready for thee an' a' — eh?" "That's it, Ainos. an' a dresser an' a harmonium an' tea o' Sundays; an' t' bargain he had th' heause spotted for us — t' ooffin-inaker'8, no less. He'd da' wed us there an' then, if he nobbut ha' bin a preycher." Amos smiled. His rival had received better treatment thuu a head-punching, but then lie had not had ten years' of canal- bank ns. a make-weight. The- joys of life were fairly equally divided after all. " "I'd like tek it eaut 0' him,"/ sighed Tommy. That Eet Amos a-thiuking. As lie wound up tho hoppit- so that the work- el's within the shaft might- grapple .with another section of the red-bricked face, he relapsed into sombre, meditation. "It'd be a smart thing to tek t! coffin-maker's an' live in it eanrsel', an' do witheaut women a't'gether. Ten peauud apfece 'd buy a two-three sticks for furniture, an' it'd save money then. I could do th' heause work while tha' wert en't day-shift, an' then tlia' could when I wore. It'd be a bit' o' ,a lark, what dosta' say?" To Tommy's mind it seemed at first to be a poor revenge. He had medi tated a physical display, a defiuite and unmistakable vengeance which Billy would understand. But- when he rea lised that in Amos' scheme Jenny her self would be humiliated, that- possibly, when she saw her dispensability and the dispensability of all women, she would come back to him, during the wrath of her fire-eating parent, he began to see that Amos' suggestion was not without its merits. "Theere's t' washin' an' th' ironiir to be thowt oil,' he' hinted. " We con get that done for us reet enoo," replied Amos. "An' papper col lars is cdmin' i't! fashion, besides," he ifflded, clinching matters at a stroke. " It'd be a gradely sell for owd ' Billj if boootli on us took t' coffin-maker's an' nother 011 us took Jenny." . The next day Amos paid a week's rent for that delectable residence known as the "coffin-maker's," and possessed himself of the ponderous key. When Billy heard the mews he chuckled within his own heart. It was clear that Amos intended to. take the step ;. that memo rable head-punching had unmistakably succeeded. Billy slapped his daughter on the back, "Tha' con alius trust thy Owd feyther," he said. Next- day, how ever, Tommy Baldwistle met Billy in the road. "Look here, Billy, will ta' sell th' owd dresser?" "What for?" "Well, I've taken t' coffin-maker's, an' I'm gettin' t-'. sticks ready, -an' tha' said it'd just do for t-' kitchen." Billy gasped. Both of these men wanted Jenny it was clear. Certainly ' ho was both a cunning and a discreet 1 parent ; lie. would wait- a day or two. 1 before he sold the dresser. | Ho waited iu vain, however. The coffin-maker's house was freshly papered , throughout, and then, to the astonish ment of everyone, and particularly of Billy Fairhurst, new furniture began to arrive. There was a beautiful dress er with ornate ghiss knobs ; there wore ; half-a-dozen new chairs, quite modern ; in style and seated with leather, such ; as 110 other house in Willington Green 1 possessed ; there were pictures for the walls, two Quccps, a marriage of the Prince of Wales, and a portrait of John Bright. Meantime the village spent its spare moments in excited conjecture. Whom did Aiuos (or Tommy) intend to make queen of this well-appointed es- | tablishmcnt, and which of them was 'to be bridegroom, and which lodger? The house known ns "Tho Coffiii- maker's" had a curious history. A "'generation ago, 0110 lived there by name Einauuol Cartwright, who made the grim but necessary apparatus of death. It' was said that Emanuel, having passed into the next world, still as a gliost kept up his ghostly business. Every acci dent- at the colliery had the sound of "his rasping saw and the tap of his ham mer at its premonition.- Iu spite, there fore, of the little garden which digni fied the house above the other houses of the village; in spite of the cosiness of the kitchen, and the largeness of the boiler in tho wash-house, the "cof fin-maker's" was a house which was frequently to let. The ghost was not. exactly in the way. but the rasping of his saw and the tapping of his ham mer were not pleasant to such as per suaded themselves that they heard those sounds. Amos and Tommy at leiigth took up their residence, and the memorable ex- perime'nt- began. They asked 110 woman j to join them, for each, in tho week j when ho was 011 night duty, performed ' what was usually regarded as l'emiuiue j functions. He arose at uoon, brushed and scrubbed, cleaned windows, whrtc-1 stoned the hearth, rcd-raddled the doorstep, and sprinkled sand — the cus- J torn of Willington — thereupon. Then) when six o'clock came, the table, was spread, and an - appetising ineni -was j laid out- for the remaining masculine ' unit. j . A pleasant rivalry began. Amos , made rabbit pie ; Tommy followed the ' next week with luscious meat-pasties, : which , would have smitten with envy the good heart of Mrs. Leddon, the pro prietress of the Sounding Trumpet, whose pasties are known to the civilised world. Amos bought three antimacas- Bars ; Tommy, not to be outdone, bought shades of pink paper for the lamp. Amos, the week after introduced cushions for the leather-seated chairs,' a work, of supererogation, to say tho least ; Tommy invested in 'a huge glnss globe, in which there floated a speckled blue and white glass ship. On the Sat-urdny they made up their accounts. Alas, -tliey were not living quite so in expensively and as economically as Amos had prophesied. It must bo admitted that Tommy was the more succeslful in the domestic duties. Once Amos found, 011 raising the down- turned, plate which hid that which his -friend had prepared for his evening meal, that half-a-dozen beautiful currant' fritters lay there. They were nicely- browned they reposed .in a sweet, soft lied of butter; the very smell was intoxicating. Yet , Amos cr'!tt,no"Aflf crv r.irnvAiuiiA' iroc 1a of envy. - This was a triumph. '' How could lie expect, with bis amateurish cooking, to go one better than buttered fritters? But after a sixth had gone, a bright thought came., to his mind! A benevolent Christian year had ar- ranged Pancake Tuesday in the follow ing week; that was his week of niglit- duty at the hoppit, ; and ; of afternoon duty at the fireside. ' He would make pancakes! Before Tuesday . arrived the scheme began to evolve itself. Would it not be bettor if be asked some woman, upon whom lie could depend, to creep in at the back-door and make the pan cakes for him ? Tlien— then— why not ; ask Jenny herself?" Accordingly the while Tommy was at work, on this excclleut Shrove Tuesday, none" other than Jenny Fairhurst t?3s, though -un known to the world, preparing his feast of pancake. "Amos'," she said. ".Aye, lass." . "Hasta' e'er tried a bit o' leiuin wi' poncakes?"- " Never." ' _ "Then goo -an' get- oiie— it- gooes fine." . ' "I reckon I'll ha' t best o' Toinniy t-bis trip, eli, lass?" "Rayther." "An' tliec aii' me'll ca'cr -doawii an' lia' a two-three to fcaurscl' afoore lie comes in. Will ta'?" .. She .did not reply. ' . ' ; ; . "For t' sake o' th'owd times, -Jin; an' ' eaur \vulks ailing t'cut an' th' oppen- > iu' o\ my - yed by thy feyther." : i \- " Well," she hesitated, " tha' - ruou't ? say a word aheaut- it to a soul." \ "Not a word." - _. - " 'Cause my fetlier — tha knows." j "I know thy feyther, lass. He's a' . reet-at- yed-punchiu'," " ; I "Goo an' get t' lemons to once, i Amos." . . i Whilst Amos meekly obeyed, it 1111- j likely came to pass that Tommy,- owing | to an unforeseen shortening of his work- i ing-day, returned homo. He glanced through the little lead-lined panes, aud' at what he saw there, his eyes bulged with amazement, and his heart thumped against his thick grey oily coat. "Jenny, what arta' doin' here?" "Makin' poncakes for thee, lad — for thee, thisel'." "Dosta like t' job?" j She didn't answer. | " Come here, wenchie, aside 1110 011 t' 1 settle." "It's a proper nice heause," she said, faintly. "Would ta' like J ?" At that moment they heard the step of the lemon- bearing Amos. At once Jenny jumped behind Tommy's Sunday coat. Amos was ' surprised as lie entered. Evidently Jenny had run away at tho entry of Tommy Baldwistle. "I was just finishin' t' poncakes for thee, Tom my. Thy fritters was tasty, but I reckon, these licks 'em, an' lemon an' a'. Heaw dosta' tek lemons, w'ole or squoze ?" "Who tow"d thee abeaut lemons, Atnos ?" "I seed it i' a cookery-book." There was a chuckling sound from behind the door. " Oh, ay ? An' tha's made t' pon cakes thiself?" "O' coorse I hev'." "I see. I think t-ha'r best gi' me that cookery-hook; I want it. Tha' knows I con read straight forerd with eaut spelling" "I .don't think I will. "Fll goo reaund an' find it." " Tha'll ne'er find it, Tommy." "Then HI whistle Jor it," He whistled, and true enough the Sunday coat was piiBhed, and the "Cookery ; Book" stepped (--'h. "Dosta' like t' on't, Amos?" Amos chose to u- a-.v: i. He flushed to the roots of hit short-cropped hair. .. \- "Ne'er mind, Amos, tha's meant it a' reet. Come on, Jenny, Fll have a talk to thy feyther. Fll at him fair t' Cook- " ery Bosk next, an' .run t' riak o' a punohin'. Urn' an ha', t' pemoakea raadj far ns - in a two-tkrec miniU, Amoa. Km Wa reet if tha? eate t laaMaa V three pieces — -one for thee, one for me. t'other for t'. Cookery Book.- What dosta' say Jenny?" Jenny did not reply by word, but as she took Tommy's hand in her own the matter seemed to be settled. ' "If tha' comes whoam wick, Tommy, I'll sell thee my share for ha'f price, an' t' furniture's thine. If tha' comes whoam deead,- I'll lay thee eaut nice an' straight on t' settle." "He'll conie back wick enoo'," said Jeniiy. An'- me wi' him." A prophecy which proved in the event to be true. 