Shows BR NVM. H S e ^ f o r it u ; 3, fact that / Lb Hamlet<= very time he livesof iracter never theL; ( , ; Theatre, 1 ercliaat of ; (.-resting at P&3." .:•• :11 i has j.U8t • in number) |th * p r0 ie8Sor M u- c. Professor • i refreshing, ^Sobiest master p:,• . privilged to tv of Sydney sorest to see 3B in tiie miiiy ^ ,; ow , m the ampie r :E p ofe -- M'Callum's lte l l That Hamlet M,, a man of ^Su d studious ha is suddenly Cffl epart, altoge'- r fore lg n to I 10 , tion If, howev -% the play's :;^atchiheco^:cienceofthB : . K bt that, in the present revival, KtSee that catches the audience ^elocution was entrancing:, his vibrant Elation of tone were so sy mpathetiffffi w h e n he reached the end of n,'0h what a rogue an-; peasant Blave toe sJontaneouBly burst forth in pro- Sothnsiastic cheers. B Rolfe was the Laertes of the produc ed consider him well suited to the lolfe is always in finer form as an gu say, a part l' ke that of Bas ? anl ° KfVenice") than as passionate, fiery, 'es. Mr. W. Howard Smith uswiie Horatio; but, then, Horatio ^justice at any manager's hands. The "itar" part, with character -of i and individuality most emphatic. • Edmund Holloway was a solemn; Iced ghost, of substantial proportions led and reassuring. As Ophelia, Miss i was gentle and intelligent; as Queen ' s Kate Russell at once engaged the Jie audience (for she has only just .ma loDg and serious illness); as King I, F. C. Appleton was husky and I Polonius, Mr. John Forde was' Fiod- showed palpable yearning for s of Low. Cpmedy. Several .othera east, including Mr. Cecil C. Jr, J. Benson North. By-theway, I'tdvised to " bill" three names, and |m initial merely. Bier deserves a paragraph all to himjCleopatra, Age cannot wither nor [bis infinite variety. As the first (to whom Shakespeare ought certainly la name, and whom I propose hencefuller) he was to the manner bora and I impression of having digged graves per since the interment of Abel. His mctuous, and the laughter that folnaint sallies rang from the gods' , and e'en the ranks of Tuscany J.C.) could scarce forbear to cheer— pan unwonted luxury with the deni- 'lioned dormitory. Sydney of Dampier's "Hamlet," "tofar outclass " The Merchant of 'ton it is not every theatre that Kmentfrom a University Professor last the Criterion burgeoned forth I of Henry Pettitt's drama, "The "and." Shades of Charles J VeBtris! Of course, the f will want to know what they have » to Green Lanes of England." I mg; their play was ' The Green 6 t L 0 ,. ghra tlle ca Ptious F»w air his erudition. . . Now, Nn® << " TU„ The is lust the sort of thing \- «»t of thing naturally 0 ip ail n ' Jlns somemother- C'elMr ZV'J™ 1 W q E ? n eat f one 'carried, on st Captain Frank Selby)" Bconndrelism of the blackmailer, Clement Flint. This is a genuinely Adelphic drama, and virtue comes out of the trial transpontinely triumphant, and all the characters who are not too bad for Dante's Inferno live happily ever afterward. Moreover, Mr. Dampier has fixed up the play with entirely new fittings and fresh-Bmelling scenery by " Alt a " and Mr John Campbell and the recentest brands of electric light. (N. B.—Caryle would have written " recentest," anyway.) Dampier, the Versatile, puts off the funereal trappings of the melancholy Dane for the nonce of re-appearance as " Gentleman George," with its strong characterisation and infinite opportunities. George is a tramp, but George is a gentleman —and the present exponent of the part never allows you to forget, it. It is hardly possible too greatly to praise this impersonation. During the performance Mr. Dampier recited, in that fine style of his, " The Charge of the Light Brigade "; and this being a warlike theme, fit for these warlike times, great enthusiasm was evoked trom a sufficiently calorific audience. Miss Lily Dampier invested the part of Margaret Wheatstone with much sympathetic interest and played the longsuffering heroine with a note of sadness somewhat sadly belied by the robust handsomeness of her " impersonatrice." Farmer Wheatstone was done into stage English of a north-south-east-westmidland variety by the evergreen Edmund Holloway. What, ho ! my gallant captain,Frank Selby, was manfully sustained by Mr. Alfred Rolfe. A satisfactory dude, called Gustavus Jones, was enacted by Howatd Smith, and Miss Rose 8 Dampier c °P e made a pretty Clara Selby. The impossible villainous blackmailing person was rendered hateful to the criticism of the gode by J. Benson North—whose " J " will not further be recorded in these notes. He certainly puts vigour and character in his work sufficient to last a dozen scoundrels a Methusaleh's lifetime. There is a slogger—commonly called a " tough "—in " The Green Lanes of England "; doubtless there are many such. This London rough is worked out with vehement verisimilitude by Johnnie " Forde," who appears much more at home in the " clobber" of Bill Sykes than in the coiij-t robes of Polonius. Minor characters were faithfully ministered unto byMesdemoieelles Mario Bruce, Blanch Clements nd Ida Buller, and Messrs. Forest and Bruce. WAR lecturer an J ex-war correspondent Donald Macdonald has been having a great time, ye ken, at the gruesome and funereal Centenary Hall Crowds have been turned away disconsolate, to be succeeded by fresh crowds on the night following J? 1 !., b j lecture » "Scenes and Sensations of Battle, drew well ; "The Story of the Siege of Ladysmith drew better, but " Tugela Heights " drew like a fly-blister. So the fortunate war lecturer had to defer his western tour (" just to say good-bye,you know, and give three extra farewell lectures. The first was delivered last luesday, 7th August (on Monday he lectured at Jrarramatta) ; the second is programmed for tonight; and the "very last" will be given on Saturday next. On Tuesday night the Sobraon boys were present, at the lecturer's special invitation. THE star turn at the Tivoli Theatre is unquestionably that of Miss Billee Barlow—the " Queen of Burlesquewho continues in splendid form and flings off her items in her own inimitable style. A huge Barlow , boom is looming at the Tivoli. Baby Partes is the most prodigious infant prodigy the present scribe has yet seen. She is cute and Bhe is clever, and a warmer favourite every time she appears. Personally I care very little for child performers ; but if an exception must be made, I vote for Baby Parkes every time. There is a note of sorrow, however, in every cup of joy. Last Friday (3rd August) Miss Francie Adler made her farewell appearance at the Tivoli. This bird-like, noted light soprano left for Melbourne, en route for Europe, on the day following. During her last night of singing in Sydney she was repeatedly encored, and her many admirers presented her with glorious sprays, bouquets and floral emblems. The change of bill on Saturday gave an opportunity to Professor Olaf Schrader, the tramp cyclist, to make his first appearance at this temple of variety. The newcomer performed a variety of tricks and gave a fillip to the general mirthfulness. The American trio—Emmonds, Emmerson and Emmond8—though not paralytically wonderful, seem to grow daily in public favour, and their comedy act was certainly appreciated. The animatographe pictures were loudly applauded, and deservedly so, for they were, as heretofore, tho roughly interesting. Then there was a "Vocal Coon Ballet, most charmingly led by Mus Noni Rickards, and Professor Almond is as clever as heretofore, only more so. The Cake Walk was a most amusing item, and provoked great laughter. (N.B.—Mr. J. W. Walker and Miss Ida May are billed a6 America's Champion Gold Medal Cake Walkers.) Miss Daisy Coppin's pas seul was a distinct feature of the evening's entertainment. Among other successes of the Bhow must be mentioned Mesdemoiselles Nita Clarke, May Lewis, Pearl Lovell and Clarence Sisters, Madame Cordelia, and Messrs. Wallace King, Billy.M'Lain and Bob Bell. The Brothers Patterson, who arrived in Sydney per R.M.S. Moana from America, are announced, for an early date, as "the greatest horizontal bar experts extant." s " THE ABSENTJIRFNIP^STEGGAR" is proving one of the biggest eve&Afkwn; in Sydney by that luckiest of prize-qfiWi^i^BJifld Holt. The drama is dull and doeflgy?,' aDdude$£n\ed and dyspeptic ; but the sceiibjry fo s|^eryVSpVl the mounting is mounting, apeKt/he Jtaelignfo Has no equal off a gen-u-ine baitfejSeld-f^t is Jjound to draw for ajons to come, anl ; jw|ll a^hHe^^ilight ages remote and nations! to^se.ll§>£ Monday last the officers and mm^of^tbe ><3Wp Contingent bound for China were^Hteck^. Mr. Holt to come and have a look atSSe* brafej^of war—just to keep their spirits up, Ob»JtrfW&-know ! " The Absentminded Beggar " has now been absent-minded for close on five weeks. AT Her Majesty's Theatre " The Rose of Persia " continues to bloom and shed its sw eetness on the otherwise desert air. Thousands of jaded souls haste in their sadness to breathe the perfume of the Gardens of Gul, as Byron very neatly puts it. THE Lyceum's war picture is off, much to everybody's regret, just as it was going well and strong. One of the novelties introduced recently was clever Carden Wilson, with his clever mimicry of actors, old and new. THERE is a new biograph at the Palace Theatre, and a very good one, too ! Besides the war pictures there are sceneB of a miscellaneous nature, including "A View through Derbyshire," "The- Launch of the Oceanic," "Speed Trial of the Albatross," and the " R'ding School." On Tuesday last some new films were installed. These showed the daily life of the Pope, and the entertainment was under the special patronage of His Eminence Cardinal Moran. MISS BILLEE BARLOW; The'ciever and popular English artiste, at present the reigning star at Sydney Tivoli Theatre. Miss Barlow, who visited Australia some few years ago, is now under engagement to Mr. Harry Rickards to tour his Australian theatres. Photo, by Rosemont, Leeds, England. 