[?] 1 ^-v Special tor tho 'Arrow'— ByBHllo Bade©. Jlnka : It cooinn that nttor nil GcorGo ? Rold lo a I^reotrtider pure and clmplo. Blnka : Woll, I don't know that anyono ovor denied his purity, but- nurely you can't call lilrn ulmplo ? » * -) a It ooemn to me Unit tho Fodoral Cclobrn ? tlono ought to be hold at Tlriratday Iuland. ?» « « ?» Tho Board of Health tmva that tho SlnRlo ton casoa could not Imvo been I'laguo, bo oauso tho patients hud no opportunity of getting Plaguo. Can't rato trnvol in rail way trnlna, eny farm produco trucks, for liiBtanco ? hi -? tt tf Tho Federal Celebrations seem Particularly vague, t But let ub Uopo they'll find nomoachoiuo ? To uavo tho town from I'luguo ! Ouo Chlnamun pnld £100 poll-tax taut Monday to land in Sydney. Thia cnu't bo such a bad country when nn Arilatlo iin nilgrnnt will do that. And yet wo Btill hear of unemployed. Io tho white, man 1 growing lazy, or what'a tUo mattor with him ? o o o e A Bhlp 1b culled 'oho' becauao It ofton anohors to ft buoy. But It is mont ridlcu Ioub to call a mall steamer 'nhe.' ♦ 0 » * Deposit receipts of a Financial Institution woro sold in Mclbourno on Monday at 7/G lu tho £:-- Tho thing they've wanted in this land Since ero tho first mistake was made, Woh not tho way to act tho grand, But how to cnll a spado a Bpado ! V 9 « « Why hnsn'l 'tho Borough of Doghollow Bout a cable expressing sympathy with tho Quoen over tho death of tho Duke of Saxo Coburg ? Nuarly nil othor municipalities , . | ? havo tried to worry tho poor old lady to . . deuth with thie nonsense It In unwloo to jump at concluaiona. If all men aro not llara, most of them struggle, hnrd to follow our common nncoutor Adam and Memo uomebody clno. -? 0 * * Why object to full holidays for tho Fcdo rnl Celebrationo ? Thoy will, nt all ovonto, Clvo o. bottor chanco to Bomo people to. ox plain why their cheques aro not paid. Tho prcuont writer always pays cliuquos after 12 on Saturday, and bo uleepu lu peace all day Sunday. tf t, « a 'All tho world's a otage' but moat of tho1 fnrceu aro played by tho polltlclano. O 9 O O Another cablegram has boon recolvoil asking how much Jnm this colony can sup ply to tho Britloh War Office. Lot 'em have tho lot ! But wo munt keep tho marrauludo for tho Federal Ccllurbratlono. O '-?!?'- Tho Government of N.S.W. Is otlll con piderlng, aa It was 20 yearo ngo, tho project of extending tho railway Into tho city.. . » * -- «? TUB FEDERAL CELLAUBRATIONS. Oh, Swilllam Lyno, plonao do- the trick, And don't bo ao half-hearted. Tho public aro becoming aiclr Beforo tho thing lo ntnrtod ! Tho Chlneao Emporor has promised tho Kahser to puu-isli aovcrely tho authorities concerned In tho murder of Baron Von Kottoler. Lot him clip tbolr flnger-naUu for a start. Tho nail of a Chincua olllclal Is genorally about alx Inched Ions. *- * * » Tho German cruelties in China havo cnuaod much trouble la tho UolchatttE. Thoro waa provocation, no doubt, but: — It men of all abndea aren't tho eaino; If all men aro not Irtn. Stlil hlatory proves, however tamo, Thoy*ro ono below tho ckln I Nobody in getting any conunifllon out of tho Stool Italia Contract, not ovon a Royal Corauilunlou. o ® tf a , Mr. O'Sulllvnn nt Gudal : ' I havo tra- '- veiled tho lons'tli nud breadth of N.S.W. and havo novor noon bottor country than botwoon horo and Woodutock, nnd It In my opinion that thoao districts muBt havo .rp.il wny communication.' If Bomobody doesn't otop this promlalnK MlnUitor ho'll make the railway map of this colony look like a po tato-net. * . o « » A chomlst ought novcr to dlopcnoo with caro. « a « * If you want to embezzle and keep your namo out of tho papers It Is bottor to got ?; passed aa an attorney for a ntart. ? » » 9 « QUIET ADVICE. . ; Goorgo Uold, you'ro Btlll n leading man, ' Not nearly on tho Bhelf, 1 But tnko thia phyotc If you can: DON'T talk about yoursolf 1 ?» V « 9 Mr. Hogan, M.P. {Houao of .Commona), la coming to Australia to write up tho Federal ifunkota. Lot ua hope ho will bring his fa mous Ghost with him. Everybody on thlo continent has fciard of Hogan'a ghost. w u a 0 Liar Hung Chang In obviously boating tlio European dlplomata by sheor Chlnoso art- | CuitlCBS. 1 * e- « ?- Galth tho cablo: 'Chriatians in Kwaug-sl . aro In danger of bolng put to death.' In clangor ? Why should a Christian fear death ? naff Tho natoundlng cablecrammcr aaya an 'Italian Door' has boon sentenced to bo hanged at Johannesburg. Now whon ahall we hang a Dutch Chinaman, Juat to kcop up tho Hat of humorous Incongruities 7 » ?- * ♦ Genoral Bullor la riow nt Windsor, in Kngland. ? Let ua hope thero (b nobody - named- Lady Smith In tho neighborhood or he may try nud capture her. * e v ? ' Poor Jimmy Governor ! Tho Conlngham | enno will nmother his public Importance In thayyen oi tho Proao. I learn, with connIeTcrablc ourprko, that thoro aro eoveral flcotuhmon In tUo HlgU land KJglmentu. Of courco fho larga ma jority arc from England and Ireland; still. It Is plMumnl to Itnow that there nro aomo Scotchmen. It this liappono to moot tho oyo of au Abcrdonlan ho may recall tho caso of tho Black Watch corporal nt Luck now who wan ba'liod up by Sir Colin Camp boll and complimented on his conaplcuouu bravery. 'You'ro a crodlt to our country,' oald Campbell. 'What's your name, my man ?' 'Patrick Murphy !' said tho cor poral. « ? * » Tho BrltlsH V.'ar Offlco la to bo again re organised. Tula hau happonod aflor every ?war Blnco tho Battlo of Waterloo :— But what 'la It Ueepa uo safo and Bound, And what 1b It makes our foeman ruo T H'b tho handy- man who can ero bo found; Tho handy-man In the Navy blue ! $ * * * ? Tho Public Service la once moro to bo ro-- graded. Why doesn't tho Board spell It with three 'd'u' and ono 'r' 7 » . * * * Tho Premier hau not yet decided whothor to appoint (i Hoyal Commission In connec tion with tho ralhvny to R-osehill. Now how nbsurd this la ! Isn't everything clso manased by Itoyal Commlnfllonn becauso Mlnlotora haven't tho courngo to accept tho reaponfilblllty of fchelr poaitlonB 7 in. * * a Tho ofllclala of tt bank In tho Islo of Man have boon aent to gaol for lBBirlng deceit ful balanco- nheetfl. What a blcoaing it Is that lu aomo other countrloa thlu uort of thing cannot happen ! I menu, of courso, that It 1b a bloaulng that thero can bo no doceltful balanco-Bhcota. v t ?- f Country people uhould not aalc for cheaper railway fares for tho Commonwealth, Cel larbnttiouii, becauoo tho cheaper tho fares nro tho moro people will conio to Sydney and tho higher the tariff for hotel accom modation will go. It la Jutit as broad ns It Is long, only it la rather wider than It iu In depth. * « * «? Why doesn't thin Government pay tho old jioHcoaion what they owo them ? la it any wonder that thoy wouldn't try to enpturo Jimmy Govornor ? 