OHi^PTEIR TV. Alary 'Elwyn was not "well enough, to-take her place in 'the Sunday-school the folfow ing zooming, which happened to 'be Son day, and she did not come to church <hir injj-.ti»e ;day. - . : fler Kainns were called for fhe ihird time that day and tjhe wedding "was- to take place earlyin tbe week. When Mr. Elwyn came teck that might from talking the Sunday ? evening <toty at Kose-iA^h 'he found this 'household thrown into confusion. Mary iiad run away. It was all over the village the next morn ing. She 'had left Iter home while the family were at church in the morning and had not since--returned. She 'had been seen hurrying' along the road in the direction of Beeston ? Junction, and the station mastertShere remembered a lady -answering her description, taking a .ticket fey -the afternoon mail for a station some thirty miles distant, and 'there all traces of her ceased. (Mrs. Brown went over to the court at once, directly. Ae Ireaxd! the n«iws, to see Mrs. Elwyn, bat she only saw her maid, who said her mistress was too ill -to sea 1 anyone; and csonseqaen-tily she came home very 'hot and angry. . . _ . : "I, believe that Bluebeard. cupiboard is at the bottom of it!" dhe.eaid to her - hus band with quite unusual warmth. "The poor girl has not run away from her lover; she las run away from some cruel family: secret that she could foear no longer." Mr. Elwyn 'bore his daughter's dis pearanee more ca3mly than any one would have supposed. '"Mary was always self willed," fie explained; "and she was averse to the marriage from the first. There was a previous attachment, which - we . -hoped she had- got over. She has been per^-TiBr ' > happy since her engagement, to poor Eopbes, fretting, I'm afraid, for her old lover, and she nas gone away to escape ?marrying a man, "she-does not love." . This was all the explanation thai "was ever given of-Mary ECwya'a disappearance; and tnere "were no. efforta made to folkw her. She had' foiind an asylum, it was stated, with a distant relative of -her mother's. It -was not the place of. the bridegroom-elect to follow his recalcitrant bride -when this story of .the former lover got about, so Forbes packed up Ms things and fwent to India a week earlier 4han he had intended. , But before he went 'he came to say good bye to - Mrs. Brown, who had stood' his friend.all through the piece. "Don't you believe that cruel story about an old lover," she said tp him at parting. "Mary has a cause for unhajppiness that we know nothing about. She is the best and truest girl in the world. She has gone away because s^e loves you." ? It was not many weeks after Mary j*J wyn's disappearance that business called' the rector up to town, and on the-;way, at Beeston Junction, he. met his curate, who was going up by the same train. Mr. 331 wyn had his son with thim, a lad of four teen, and between them they were carrying across the rails a big 'black portmanteau, 'litere were plenty of porters about the station^ and one of: them came up to him and offered to carry the bag; but he sent the man off with a bundle of wraps,, which were no weight at all. The bag was evidently heavy; the lad, who held one of the handles, tottered be neath the weight and stopped in the middle of the line to re^t. Brcrwn hurried across the rails to offer his assistance, and as he came up to him unexpectedly in the permanent way Mr. Elwyn started back in affright, as if he had seen a ghost, and dropped the bag on the line. "2 never saw a man so panic-stricken in my life," Brown told his wife, when re peating the incident to her later on.' "Let me help you," said Brown good naturedly. There was no time for further greetings, for the train was in sight, and every one was shouting to them from the platform to loot out. . "No, no, thank you," Mr. Elwyn said hurriedly, "we can manage it very well. Come along, Arthur." Brown pushed the boy aside, there was not a minute to lose, and took hold of the handle of the .bag. But he was not at all prepared for its weight; he fairly staggered under it, and when he reached the plat form and the train rushed by, the per spira'tfion stood out in great beads on his .forehead. "Whatever could that bag contain?" Brown asked himself iflmt question, all jth'e way -up to London. Tbare were few things of that bulk that could weigh so heavily; only metal, indeed. Was ESwyn returning the wedding -pre He had not come back by the end of the week, and on the Salfcuiday evening, quite late, a letter was sent to the rectory from wife, asking Brown to fill her 'husband's place the next day, as he was unexpectedly detained in town. ' A few days later, whale Mr. Elwyn still delayed Ihis return, news readied tibe rec tory that Sir Giles FawHey and his family were coming (home. ' They 'bad gone abroad for several years and they were coming back quite unexpectedly. The curate would 'have to look oulfc for another house and amathsr cure-for, if the truth must be itold, a growing' dislike and _suspiekm of htvnri Quad been in Brown's mind for some 'tame past. He . could ndt reconcile those fine "Amesns " arid tihe stirring, sertnons with -a general reluctance oil the part of Mr. [Elwyn to pay his debts, which had been made painfully evident since the aban doned wedding. -. But a few days later, more startling news reached the rectory: the beufliffs were at ifee Court. . The mews spread like wildfire fhwough the village and every little, tradesman in the place crowded up to the great house with (has HQ. n . Mr. Elwyn had not returned and his wife was confined to her room. The poor woman was too terrified and oveiwhieilmed with this calamity |to see anyone. She wnote a very piteous note to Brown, begging him 'to lefc her have- a few pound%, as her husband had left her without any money in the house. He had only paid Elwyn his quarterly stipend a'few days before he went away, 'but he sent the poor woman a five-pound note and'begged her to communicate with her husband immediately. No doubt she did so, for the next thing he heard was that she and the children had gone away. The bailiffs 'has stopped the luggage, but 'they had let the weeping woman and her children go. The luggage left behind was all that really belonged to Mr. Elwyn. The furni ture-^and the' plate-and the .'china, the beautiful old chma-belonged to the squire. Brown telegraphed at once to Sir Giles's lawyer in town to come down with out dday. He came down by the next train. . . Brown never could be persuaded to tell ' the sequel of the miserable story. It is oest to3d briefly. When Sir Giles's lawyer went through the house, the plate safe-the loci of which had been forced-was found empty! ' And all the beautiful old china was gone! Brown's wretched egotistical story had aroused 'the miserable man's greed; his ?wife had read aright the revelation of the cupidity it had awakened in his glittering eyes aright. The humiliation of poor Brown during that terrible time was dreadfuL His wife declared that he went grey in a week. No wonder. It was he who had brought Mr. Elwyn to Beeston-Koyal. It was he who' gave his old friend, Sir Giles, confi dence to let- his.family place, w'thitsprice less heirlooms, to his wealthy curate-and it was he who had , helped him to carry them away! The bag that Brown had assisted to cairy, at the risk of his hie .and with the sweat of his 'brow, contained his old friend's family plate! .There was very little left for the bailiffs to distrain upon. '1 he poor girl's trous seau-a collection of 'MA., hoods of diffe rent universities-and some volumes of printed sermons by eminent divines. Brown had looked through these by,acci dent and recognised many of the affect ing discourses 'that had been preached from his pulpit. A warrant was issued for Elwyni's ap prehension,' but'he had already left the oaanifcry a week before the Trrkprabfe de nouement. - , Lefc tits curtain- fall. The actors have all, Eke 'Macbe&'s witches, suddenly dis appeared. The earth hath bubbles, as tie 'water, has, And they are of them.-'WlsHiier are they banish, ed? Bint ithey ware not all bubb'es. Months after (Mrs., Brown heard by- accident that Mary Elwyn was employed a? -a nurse in a London hospital. Of coarse she found her. oat without deflay-and, of course, dhe . wrote to her lover that she had run away from in that unreasonable-she al ways insists upon calling At, that honorable' -way, and told him her story, and the story of 'that Bluebeard cupboard, of which the -unhappy girl had- the fcey. The days of Quixotism are not quite over. Kenneth Ibibes came.home from India on leave the foUowsng year; ami this .time he took a wife back with. him. 'fYou were quite night," he wrote to Mrs. Brown on the eve of tibe wedding. "If Mary lowed me she had- mo alternative but to num away." Nest Week THIE EOBK OF-THE ROAD, By Grace M. GaUaher. 