Missionaries not Canso ol' tho Kc voit in Cliina. IlEASOX OF THE ítEHELLIOJÍ. IN tho course o£ nn intorviow fit Brisbane, Mr. Dong Chong, ono of tho loading Chinoso morolinnls, gavo oxprossion to tho uuxioty which rirovails among Chinoso thoro regard ing tho Boxor insurrection and tho offect it might havo in relation to Chinoso rosidouts in other countrios. Regarding tito state ment mudo by Mr. Sobuiolhtsukoek und others tl)ut tho missionaries aro at tho bottom of tho wholo affair, Mr. Chong said that tho statomout was ridiculous, and not in tho least favoured by tho loading Chinoso newspapers. Missionaries woro not blumo ablo in tho least, and novor interfered with Chinoso affairs. Tho kindliest feelings were ontortainod in tho contral and southern dis tricts towards preachers who carno from othor lands. Tho only provinco (said Mr. Chong) whore any ill-footing was manifested was Shang-tung, whoro some criminal Chinese toole refuge undor ono church and woro protootod as allogod convort3. If any pooplo woro to blame it was, first, tho Russians and then tho Gormans, both of whom woro nggrossivo and domineering in their relations to tho Chinese. Tho latost fdos of a loading Chinoso newspaper rocoivod by Mr. Cliong strongly urged on tho Gov ernment tho uocossity ot suppressing not only tito Boxors but nil secret sociotios throughout China, tho object of tho socioties hoing muro or loss of ah ' insurrectionary nature Four was expressed that every soorot socioty, and China is honeycombed with such, would now gathor round tho Boxers, thus carrying, tjio . insurrection throughout China;' Tho startling assertion was mndo that 85 por cont, of tho Imperial soldiers bolonged to tho Boxors. Tho Eru pvoss-Dowager, it was said, had been again and again docoivod by Hong Li, ono of hor Ministors, who was in close allianco with Princo Tuan, and whoso ulterior object appourod to bo tho overthrow of tho present dynasty in favour oE Prince 'Juan's son. If what this Chinoso nowspapor, tho " Chung ngoi san po," assorts is correct,- Russia is using her concession in connection with tho Manchurian railway in a way that would not bo toloratod in any civilised country. Land requirod for tho railway, it is allogod, is being foroibly talion from tho owners, in some cases with bloodshed. In proof that Russia aud Germany'aro . cuiofly to blame for tho present rising it is explained that ui) to tho timo of writing tho insurrection had shown itself only whore tho inlluonco of those countrios had boon most folt in aggressiveness, but should it load to a gonoral insurrection all foreigners would suffer aliico, tho ignorant, mnss of tito Chinoso not distinguishing botwocn tho sovoral co.njitrios. Grent Cresar'n Ghost ! poor wasted frame, That once full vigor did possess. Can't he ninan in also but linnie, His eolith has brought him such distress.] Tho lwidertnker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh 1 ne'ersay die, but taite a driuk Of W. E. Woods' Great Peppermint Care. 