. HUMOURS OP WAR. Oom Paul's Nephews. THE IUUSTBATED BOER. The War Fever in the Coui'ts. "Australian Star" Special. You can't gravel the American journalist, ' try as you may. When the war broke out the alleged great dallies of the Untied States thought so little of the "unpleasantness" tliut they never even dreamed of sending a solitary correspondent. A few of them have been con tent to go whacks (one lias a 25th share) in the reports sent by correspondents of the English dallies, and for the rest tliey rely upon the news agencies, and the cabled news from London. Even the yellow press of New York cannot engage in any more enterprising scoop than messages from President lvruger, which are sometimes genuine and sometimes otherwise. But If the war Is loo far away for them they are not to be beaten by such a trilling circumstance. They have conceiv ed the brilliant Idea of racing a dust nearer home. If they won't go out to tho war, why then the war must como to them, that's all. So they are endeavouring to work up a news- pailer invasion of Canada with poor results so far. / 1 But It the city- journalist/ In the United States Is valiantly trying -to raise u sensation out of the war, his brother In the country Is no less active.- For months nearly every cor respondent throughout' the wild and woolly West lias been telling weird stories of Kru- gor's nephew. This mystical, if not mythical, idlative of the patriarch of Pretoria, pervades the United States. He 1ms cropped up In nearly every locality in the Union, and if he persist In his omnipresence Congress .will be obliged to pass a special law to suppress lilm with a Btrong hand and a hard-pressed brick. The necessity for such a statute Is apparent from a few messages culled from the U.S. press: — Glen Cove, AIo„ Nov. 12.— JameB J. ICruger is raising a company of farm hands to go to the Transvaal and light. Mr. Kruger is a nephew of "Oom Paul." Red Bank, Pa,, Nov. 11, — Henry Kruger shot- an eagle near this place yesterday that measured 14ft. Sin. from tip to Up. Air. Kruger Is a nephew of "Oom Paul." Sun Prairie, Iowa, Not. 12.— George L. Kru ger was married here this morning to Miss Josephine Botts, the daughter of one of the leading merchants of this place, and a social favourite. Air. Kruger Is a nephew of "Oom Paul." Carthage, 111., Nov. 12. — William Kruger Iiub a goose with' three legs. Mr. Kruger Is a ne phew cf "Oom Paul." President of the Trans- vual Republic. Winona, Allnn., Nov. 11.— Frederick Kruger, while walking In his sleep last night, saw a cigar-shaped airship passing over this city In a south-easterly direction. Mr. Kruger is n nephew of "Oom Paul." Belolt, Wis., Nov. 11. — While playing horse with his three-yeer-old son early this morn ing, Orlando Kruger bumped Into a rocking cliatr and skinned his incse. ' Air, Kruger Is a nephew of "Oom Paul, "tho Transvaal Presi dent. The /foregoing messages might he varied so as. to add a little to the gaiety of nations. Why not. have sent one like "this?:— Hollow Log .City, Dee. 21th. — Our esteemed fellow-townsman, Mr. Wayback Kruger, /ne phew of Oom Paul, saw snakes In his boots last night. They curled up in such a peculiar manner that- they formed the letters compos- lng-the word Ladysmith. Mr.,Kruger Imme diately cabled to his llustrlous uncle, asking him if the omen portended that he was short of socks. No reply lias been received, but Kriiger's nephew lives In hopes that the censor will survive the shock, and the socks, and let the messages through. ft . A patriotic correspondent has written to the newspapers a letter which has attracted con siderable attention, He has expressed the very best hopes of the people that the Bush Brigade will distinguish Itself. But he Isn't content with the wish. In his mind's eye, Horatio, he sees the Boor with terror In his eyes fleeing panic- stricken down a kopje pur sued by the Intrepid hut less pious bushles. This latter picture corresponds with those in the Illustrated papers, In which every Boer Is pourtrnyed with staring eyeballs making trucks for safely, while his shooting Iron gets tangled in his whlBkers. By the way, has anybody yet seen a real portrait of a Boer. The Boers In tfie 'illustrated papers bear a strong family resemblance, us tt they were all chips of the same block, A slouch hat, u bushy beard, a suit of hand-me-down clothes, a bandolier, and a look as If he had seen the ghost of Hamlet's father, constitute the typi cal Boer of the pictorial journals. As a pho tographic subject the Boer Is a dismal failure. No one can make nut how much of him Is luy preacher and how much cockatoo farmer. The Government ought to offer a reward for the capture, dead or alive, of the humourist who first described the Third Contingent us "England's Last Hope." The worst of It Is that the name has caught on, and the Bush men have to be content with the title of "Eng land's Only Hope." If the Third Contingent is the Last Hope surely there cannot be a second last. But neither of these Is by any means the last hope.of the old land. The sug gestions for new. brigades are manifold as they arc Interesting. A Civil Service Brigade is mooted, and one earnest enthusiast has ad vocated a Push Brigade. If,' he argues, there Is a Bush; Brigade '.wliy not ja FubIi Brigade. This authority points out that the members of the push are dead shots— with road metal; and, further, that they would be perfectly at home amid the stone- strewn kopjes of South Africa. They would never run short of that sort of ammunition, All you would have to do, said the authority referred to, would be to tell the lads thut the Johannesburg policemen were fighting on the other side, and then good ness help the Zarps. The person who argued in this way was too frivolous altogether. It would never do to send any of the push out after Oom Paul. Tliey might come- across some of the Sydney policemen who have gone to tlie ' front, and 'then there would bo trouble. The London magistrates have their hands full wlth .cases arising out of the public ex- cltoment-over the war. A charge of desertion was levelled against a smart-looking youth, who pleaded guilty, hut proved that his actlou was prompted by patriotism. It was this way. The authorities at Aldershot declared he was too young to go to South Africa, and he argued that If he was too young to go out then he was too young to remain In the army, so lie left, "without any warning." When haled before the court, he asked, "If I'm not good enough to fight, what good am I?" Tho bench remanded the conundrum, and the pri soner, but the case shows that's deserter Is not always unpatriotic. One effect of the war Is tho incrcnsel dls- plny of medals by veterans. There Is one old soldier, the receipt of whose pension Is always marked by tho reappearance of his medalB for n airing, but toward the and of tho month these trophies of his prowess disappear myste riously, to be brought to light onco more when the romlttaneo comes to hand. There are some. Indeed, who fare ill. and In their dreams among the Sons of Rest out In the Park of a niglit tlirlco rout nil their foes, und thrice slay tho slain. They' should not ho altogether for gotten:— Pray think of jinks, ns he lies to-night, With only a newspaper o'er him. A-dreamlng of Hnluelnvii'B height. And the Russluti foe before htm: Few and short nro the prayers lie says, As ho lies near the old park benches, He takes little stock of Kipling's lays, Though he fought In Cilmoun trenches; And It inny be, as the poet sings, That hlu weaknesses are grcnl. But lie's had his day at wiping things From off the country's slntc. 