Ufftmg People. SOLDIERS OF THE PEN'. Tuesday, July 21. DISPATCH BAG. Willmv Crave. Mcniton. July 2. Dcav General — Tlie cards caine safely. I do wish someone would Uunk-of a sensible subject to write about. How would 'Some of our holidays and out:ng6' do? 1 think tliat some of the comrades could write very interesting letters on this sub ject, though perhaps someone else will think of a better one. Our letters are read by many of our elders, and they like to see something worth read ing-. The column was started for our improve ment, and I iJiink that wo ought to try to im prove ourselves. \Ve can do Uiis and still have )lc-nty of fun,— I am, &e.;, H, SULMCEXT MARSHALL. Pine Grove, July 11. Dear General— Some time has elapsed since I last wrote to you. I am surprised at tlie way in which the 'fair sex' are being a1-used by the 'sterner sex,' but on this subject enough lias been said.— I am, &e.;, II. MARHOlf. Esk Bank, near Stratlialbyn, July 9. Dear General— 1 received my enrolment card all safe. 1 am of the same opinion as J. Noonan about eating a dinner cooked by a man. Jack Russell's letter was very nice. I would like to meet George Rhodes with halt a dozen birds de corated upon my hat and a high collar and tie, which I would' do if 1 thought I were going to see him. R. Russell must writhe under the lasli of his critics. Kileen Smith's letter was the most interesting in the column. 1 quite agree witli U1' ' PHEEMIB GRIFFIN. Maitland, July 9. Dear General— I have Just finished reading 'Lady Audley's Secret' and 'The Old Home stead!' by'Miss ' Braddon. I have started to read 'Henry Dunbar,' by the same author, and at pre sent am very interested in it. Ethel Smith says she' is surprised at mv speaking in the. manner- I did of our sex, but she irmsn't be surprised at anything nowadays. But as for being conceited, well, I'll leave that for her to find out. I am not verv fond of feathers and furs, but George Rhodes seems to forget that mostly every part of clothing he wears was at one time or other some portion of a living animal. Alice Grant Rosman writes a splendid letter. I wonder what has become of some of the old soldiers? — I am, &c.; MARGARET AGATHA COFFEY. Hug-lies Gap, July 3. Dear General— We have liad splendid rains, and Beetaloo Reservoir has caught a good supply. I live about six and a half miles from Beetaloo.— I am, &c;, FBAXK G. BARTRUM. Curramulka, July C. Dear General— Miss M. A. Cofl'cy said in one of her letters that for every conceited boy you will find two conceited girls. I also know a lioy who takes out his pocket handker chief and rubs the dust off his boots. I sup pose M. A. Coffey does not call that conceit. li.lt. is rignt aoout gins wearing oirus itauieis in their hats. 1 think it looks dreadful. G.R. seems to be a very kind-hearted boy. I have read a good few books. E. P. Rowe's books are all very nice. 1 think his books are the best J have ever read. 1 also like Wilson's books. 1 see a lot oi your soldiers have read 'Vincie Tom's Cabin,' and I think everyone ought to read it. Please enlist me. — I am, &e.;, AIMEE FITZALAN. Curramulka, July 2. Dear General — I like Masters G. Rhodes and Allan Sinclair's letters. 1 agree with G. Rhodes that girls shouldn't wear feathers and wings in their hats. I don't see why. girls shouldn't wear collars and tics if they wish, as well as boys. I think Master Nelson Mood should keep on writing poetry, as his first attempt 'The Modern Girl,1'1 was such a success. If 1 was as clever as Master Wood I would give my opinion of 'The Modem Boy,' who is ten times more conceited than the girl. . I have read a great many books, includ ing 'East Lynne,' 'The Luck of the House,' 'Near to Nature's Heart,' 'The Day of Fate ' &c.; — I am, &c.; CINDERELLA MUSGROVE. Mount Barker, July 7. Dear General— Quite a lot has been said about the wearing of birds' feathers in girls' hate. I quite agree with the comrade who says it was the chief who wore feathers, and not the poor old squaws. And I, too, would- like to know if the pillow of that fault-finding soldier is a feather or a Bock one. I notioe that quite a number of 'The Soldiers of the Pen' have a great habit of stating- some of their favorite books re.id, and then ending up by saying, 'And others too nume rous to mention.' It seems to me that it is a kind of monkey habit, of one copying- from an other. The Transvaal war appears 'to have taken a back seat since the trouble in China. I won der, after all the Powers have stepped in, and China as defeated who will have China? Some times in thinking it over, 1 find myself coining to the conclusion that England and America will have it. And then, upon second thoughts, Russia will not stand by, and be contented merely with a growl. Or will they all turn to, and fight with each other? I would like to know what some of my comrades think about it. Surely Master E. Bates and Rex Russell have given the matter a. thought. But perhaps they are wondering in what manner the soldiers speak, how they act, and what they wear. I wonder what that tender hearted comrade thinks of the Russians wearing furs? 1 would also like to know what he would do if a bear -were to stick him up, and put up his props. Would his tender feelings let him kill it? Or would his loving nature sooner let him be hugged to death? — I am, &c;, MAUD LOVEDAY SIVAD. 15, Mercy-street, ' off Grotc-street, July 9. Dear General — I wish to enlist, as I take great interest in your column. I must not forget to thank the chief defenders of our sex, namely, Com rades Flint, Golding, Noonan, and Sinclair. I, too, think it a good idea to wear a badge with a pen worked in silk on your arm. R.R. savs that women should go and figTot— perhaps they, would if all men were cowards. Please find oiie penny stamp for membership card. I was born on May 1, 18SC.— I am, &c;, ESSIE M. MOORE. _ , ilerriton, July 9. Dear General — It is some time since I wrote to you, so 1 thought 1 would write again. We have had some nice rain, and the crops are looking very well. It will be a grand day when peace is pro claimed. I expect there will be crowds of people in Adulaiao on the day of the demonstration.— 1 am, &c;, '. ALBERT MARSHALL. : Hoyleton, July S. Dear General — I have been reading the letters of the Soldiers of the Pen. Some of them are very amusing. I am sending Id. for a membership card, and 1/ for the Famine Fund.— 1 am, &c; FL0RR1E NEWTON. Una Villa, Wcpowie, Julv 9. Dear General— My sisters and I have read your soldiers' letters for a long time, and look 'for- ward to them every week. I think some of the letters are very interesting. 1 am very fond of reading, and have read a lot of books. I am now reading 'Holden with the Cords.' It is very nice. 1 saw a piece of poetry in 'The Chronicle, June 3D, cMuii'd ' Woiuoa who vj.'t at home,' and I thought if some of the soldiers read it they would- not be so hard on women and girls as they now are. 1 hope Harold Taylor will write again soon, and let us know how he gets on at college. He seems to be a favorite with most of the soldiers. Your army is increasing rapidly. You will soon have 1,000 members.- Your Indian Famine Fund is growing each week. My little sister Ethel has collected 12/10, which I enclose, and one penny stamp for menrborship card. — 1 am, &e.f; ROSE SMITH. 1 Streaky Bay, July ft. Dear General— I tliinjc P.H.F.'s suggestion of a badge for the soldiers to wear a capital one, also another idea of a story to be written by our army.' In looking back through old papers I find several soldiers who tried to go to the war. I, too, some mouths ago, when the ' I.B.C. were forming, offered myself for active service. Where is J. Noonan?— I am, &c;, HAROLD TRBMAINE. P.S.— 2/ for I.F. Fund. Poetry next time. . Ourramulka, July 10. Dear General — Please enrol me as a Soldier of the Pen. I was horn May, lBSfl. I read your' letters every week with great interest. I think your column more interesting1 since criticism began. Some of your soldiers say they have favorites, but I have none. 1 think one letter is as good as an other: I advise R. Russell to leave the girls alone, he says a bit' too much about tliem. There ia another girl about here who said sho wag going to join your army, but I have not seen her letter in print yet. 1 enclose a penny for membership card.— I ftm, &c.;, '? . i'i ' BLiVdlEWAY. . Dear General— I thought I would tell you about some funny boys. My grandmother told us that one of our unclrs, when a little boy, was canglit one night galloping through his prayers. 'J'liey stopped to listen, and he paid them 14 times. When asked1 w!iy, he said, 'Oh, it was too much bodder to say tWra every nis'ht.' Grand-mother said ftiat she didn't know whether the lit'.lo sea. side boy, who bid the Lord 'goad-bye for'a fort night, because they were soinff into the country,' boat my uncle or not. My little brother said the other evening 'Gud couldn't see him 'fru -1e roof,' ' When we told him yes, he said he would put a lot of seaweed in the coiling-, then Ho couldn't. A lady staying at our house recently told us of a boy' of hers who hated shining his boots and going- to school as well, and he said if tlicy would only start a self-denial month for the patriotic fund 'he would give up blacking. A younger brother, equally averse to washing- Ins. ace and hands, said, 'Cob's was a brilliant idea, and he would give up soap.' The first one goes to a Catholic school, so he gets all the saints' days as well as the ufti.il puMic holiciays, and1 he was awfully sorry there had been so lew saints in tno world. When he reckoned up and1 found St. ?Palriek's Day this year fell on a Saturday, he was disgusted because 'That was on his list and had been missed.' That's all about boys, so I will tell you about two funny men. Two Irishmen were 'travelling in a wilderness. They wero ypry hungry, when they came upon a hut, where they found 'a pigeon pie. I don't know who made it They agreed that whoever dreamed the best should have the pie In the morning one said he dreamca that the angels took him up to heaven. 'Besrorra, and I dreamed,' said the second, 'that I saw you going, so I ate the pie.'— I am, &c;, b HENRY GEORGE DLVIEY. Kent Town, July 16. Dear General— Girls may have their faults we all know, but never, no never, have. we found one of tlie weaker sex 'tongue tied.' They can boast of tlie flexibility, and grease-lightning speed of this indispensable organ without fear ol contradiction. Edisoii, the electrical genius, whose talking ma chines, &e.;, have lieW the civilised world spell bound, 'has only -accomplished a mere ghost of tht natural feminine voice in all its glory. Ma chinery has never been invented that could imi tate their feminine voice at tlie 'feminine speed.' Why, it stands to reason, that if the operator in charge dared to put on the necessary power, the whole concern would fly to pieces, however strong ly constructed, therefore it has never been truly imitated, and never will be. The tongue is with out the slightest doubt, 'woman's greatest wea pon.' It will do anything;, from sampling but ter to killing Kruger. The soldier's suggestion of a Soldier of the Pen badge is very good, and1 it will b'c a slip in tlie right direction.. I am sure all the- army will approve of the notion. — I am, &c.; KELSON WOOD. World's End. July .14. Dear General— May I, too, be initiated into your ever-increasing army? My ideal of a seldier is:— One who never turned his back, But marclicd breast forward; Never doubted clouds would break, Never dreamed, though right were worsted, Wrong would triumph. Held we fall, to rise, are batlied to fight better, Sleep to wake. Rally, soldiers, and let us one and all write somc tinnff wnicn we win noi musn co. sue in puni, something that will help us to realise that lite is too short to be wasted. The best way to correct the faults in others is to abstain from committing tlieni ourselves. Keep your own life clean, ami. your influence in the world will not be for naught. Be good, sweet maid, and let who would be clever; Do noble deeds, not dream them all day long, And so make life, death, and that vast forever, One grand, sweet song. My favorite authors are E. P. Roe, E. Wcthcrell, Maud Jean Franc, Annie S. Swan, Harriet Beecher Stows, C. U. Sheldon, and Silas Hocking. Carleton, in 'Queechy,' Linden, in 'Say and Seal,' both by E. Wethcrell, are high types of true manhood. 'Honor Hoc,' in a book entitled 'Honor,' by Elizabeth Alforcf, is a noble sketch of sweet womanhood, a ran avis of the nineteenth century. These arc the books that leave behind an inspiration for better things, that make us feel that life is real and worth the living. If we would only build for ourselves characters like tlicse, wiiose influence will be felt long after we have passed away ! And what better monument could we have? A bad Iwok is a disgrace to all 'Jho handle it, from the author to the reader. I defy anyone to prove me wrong in making this state, ment. Life has only one ideal, 'Tis to know that life is real; Not, a playground, full of play, Nor a treadmill every day. Work or play, 'tis this to know, Into self our actions grow. — Wishing you every success, I am, &c.; A. ROTHWELL. Corney Point, July 11. Dear General— I wish to join your ranks. Do any of your soldiers collect shells? My sister anu I do. We have about 200 sorts. Wo have two beaches— north and west. On the west we find numerous sorts of small shells; some are so small that you need a magnifying glass to sec them clearly. About six or seven wiles distant, up the north beach, we find much larger and dif ferent kinds, such as concks, cowries, nautilus, frilled cockles, and many others. The Corney Point lighthouse is about two miles from our house. There are two keepers. We would like very much to exchange shells with other soldiers. My sister is collecting stamps, also. We have had a beautiful lot, of rain the last few weeks. It is freshening things up splendidly. I, too, like some of your soldiers, am very fond of flowers. But I do not like gardening. We have a beauti ful asparagus fern. Can anv of your soldiers an swer tliis puzzle? AVhcn did Ruth make Boaz most angry?— I. am, &c;, H. FLORENCE KLEM. Carrieton, July 15. Dear General— I read with great interest every week the letters of the 'Soldiers of the Pen,' and have at last decided to join your everincreas ing army. Find enclosed stamp' for membership card. — I am, &c;, ELLEN MARY SCHULTZE. „ _ Koolunga, July 8. Dear General— Please enrol me. Some of the soldiers write very amusing letters. I think Rex Kussell is a bit too hard on the girls. If I should ever happen to meet H.R. 1 think I would give him a pretty hot time of it. I was bom in 1SS5. Please find enclosed 6d. for the Indian famine, Fund, and a penny for enrolment card — I am, &c;, ' ADA H. BARNARD. Sunny Vale, Julv 12. Dear General— Please enrol me as a Soldier of tne ten. I have often read with interest the letters of some of the other .soldiers, and lia-p found them very interesting, particularly those of Miss J. Hurst and Miss Donoghue. I think they are very clever writers, and some of their letters are very amusing. I am very fond of reading-, and have read a number of books. 1 (hink a great deal of good is got from them, and they are very good company. Who ran estimate the fpood the English people have derived from Hie works of such men as Shakespeare, Milton Bun yan, and Tennyson? Hundreds of other writers also have done their part towards making Ens land what she is. It has been said that books exert a lasting influence over the reader. That' this is. so experience teaches. Measure the ox tent of the value of books to us, and their inevit able influences. To do entirely without tiieni would be almost an impossibility. They form a greater part of the majority of lives than one can conceive, and tlie influence, ofttimes uncon scious in many; cases, is nevertheless there. Good books help and encourage us; we feel as if our favorite characters are real people, \vliom we have met; we rejoice at their successes, and sympathise with tli-»ni in their troubles. May wo all, by encouraging- the good and condemning- the evil, help to make Hie literature of tlie world in the future purer and better than it is to-day. En closed please find stamp for enrolment card.— I am, &c;, IDA L. HOPKINS. Hog Bay, Kangaroo Island, July 16. Dear General— Some of the soldiers seem' to be discussing the evils of bird-killiiiK. But there are many more innocent creatures Killed besides birds. Think of the numerous harmless seals that are slaughtered just for the sake of getting their skins for gloves, &c.; .' Then, again, think of the many harmless animals Wiat are killed for the sake of their furs. Is liot this also cruel? Why not let these creatures .live and adorn the earOh? Since Ernest Halburg has told us he is a man, I will compare his fighting ability with even a smaller insect than the- spider. 1 believe if I were to gather all the scattered. fragments of his pugilistic powers' together, and blow them wilh my mouth into the eye of a mosquito, it wouldn't feel it. The, first chance 1 get 1 will send Allan Sinclair's suit along. A soldier asked what^kind of a place Kangaroo Island was. If space will permit I will try and enligliiten that soldier a little. It is surrounded with salt water, which is called the sea. It rains occasionally, cnoug-lj to make very good crops grow on the island. The sun rises in. the east and sets in the west, - and never ap pears again for about 13 hours. We see a mnv moon once in a while, which in due tinu1 gi'ts full. ) think these are about the only unusual things That take place on the island.— I am, &c;, EDW-ARO h. HATBS. P.S. — Please find enclosed a shilling's worth of htamps for I.F. Py.ip, July 1*. Bear General— Please enrol me. I was born in 1SS4. I enjoy reading your letters very much, and have read a few books, including 'The House hold Angel,' 'Quickly Ripened,' 'Guinea Stamp,' 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,' 'Shadowed Lives,' 'Aunt Jane's Hero,' and 'Papers for Thoughtful Girls.' — I am, fee, ELSIE M. WESTBROOK. Coolee, Picdnippie, via Chandada, West Coast, July 16. Dear General— 'I have for many months past taken an interest in your soldiers' letters, and have a't last decided to join your ranks. I have read several books — 'Little Women,' 'Little Men,' 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,' 'Links in Rebecca's Life.' and 'The Wiilc. Wi.lo W.nl-!.' I'N-hsl- find enclosed a penny stamp for mrmbership card. — [ am, &c;, FLORENCE COTTOK. Bundaleer Springs, July 17. Dear General— Please enrol me. I always read tin- 'S'.-irii in nf i he I'm. iinu i-ni-.v n. ? '? of the soldiers write very good letters, but no not write often enough. Some of the boys stick up for the girls in a very manly way. 1 think criticising a very good idea. 1 have read a good few books, among which are 'Tlie Lamplighter, 'Seven Little Australians,' 'Little Women, 'Monksbury College,' and several others.— I am, &C;'' ELSIE MeNEIL. Balaklava, . July 20. Dear Genera]— I thought 1 would send you a. short letter. We have not much news in this part. I mind lh'J v' m .1 1 .1 'crov comes with me Saturdays and holidays. \\\c ike 'reading the letters. We always turn to the General's column first. Allan Sinclair's name \--I .. ? ? I.,- -1 ? ? l.-iir *? -Inn. I Ui'-.k. - '?-? '? inc his letters. The boys say too much about uifis1 rivrews. Can't tUoy find snnv tl.im- hvA-r 1-; write about? It will be a good thing when peace is.proclaimed. Our school is going to have a bon fire if it is proclaimed before the weather gets warm. It will be a preat blessing when the In dian famine is over. I enclose a postal note tor 5/ from the CavaiMffh family for the Famine Fwd.-I am, ftc., q ^ p CATAN-AGrr. Currency Creek, July 0. Dear General— Please enrol ine.^ I think the an 5«B'R.'c.'s''lett'ers!'!' V'hope Edward Bates will soon write strain. I think n was rather mean of L. F. Slffto deprive Mm of the pleasure -of telling the young men their faults I hciewith enclose one penny for enro l'™^^^^- Bookabie. West Coast, July 7. Dear Gcneral-I have taken a groat deal of m icrest in your ovor-incroasms army, and now v heir hats. I (Jon't think it makes tliem s ny .!i_.' -d™. »,.«»li !m.iik to be a bit hard o, e 'fair sex,' as he terms them. A woman's p ace's in the' house, and if ,he attends to house a-^r^odir^^Rolmattha^ho write a storv between us, and I think it woul sell', George Weatberly, and Harry Collingwood. 1 a1'' *c- ARTHUR H. MILLER. Snowtown, Juiy 12. Dear General-! am another to join your army and wage war against H. Russell. Some of jom ?mlilims write verv interesting letters. AUan Sinclair ?s too smart for E. Bates l.jn^ fend -rf detective stones. _ I don't think tie bovs should criticise the girls so much, without looking at their own 'aulte^Bgt-1 ^fc. Mount Mclntyre, July 9. Dear General- Please enrol me. Miss J«s-e Groves said she would not like to cat. bread that men bake. Indeed, she might nave to eat worae than some men bake beforc^she dries--' j^-Xi,'. P.S.-Enclosed find postal note for 4/, and 1/8 in stamps. There is 5/5 for the Indian Famine Fund, and Id. for enrolment card.— A.L.b. Payneham, July 12. Dear General-I bave read the 'Soldiers of the Pen' for some time past, and have deciaccl to become a member. 1 am very fond of reading. think it is very silly for ladies to wear collars ?nn! ties 11 makes them look mannish. 1' my opinion the boys arc what thj girls make them. Whc-H did the 'Soldiers of the Pen boeri.i.'. 1 quite agree with G. Rhodes about ladies wearing feathers in their hats. Allan Sinclair's letters are verv amusing, but where is he now? He lias not written for a long time. Please find enclosed penny stamp for —nt ^1^ a^^c.^ Pinda, Juiy U. I-ar General— I have eollretoil II.' f'r Indi''' famine. We had a concert at Amyton 111 aid of the Indian famine, and we got over £3. I agree with G. Rhodes about the birus' feathers and wings being worn in gfirls' bats. I do not wear anv nivself. Miss Jessie Groves said that sue would 'not like to eat the bread that the men would make, but I think some of tlie men could make as good bread as the women. Some of the women would be able to shoot as well as the boys if they tried. I don't think the umbrellas would do much good unless they were ^ory strong.— I am' &C;' MARY KELLY. Farina, July 12. Dear General— I read tlie 'Soldiers of the Pen' column every week, and have at last decided to enlist. I have not noticed any letters from Farina in your column, so I thought I woulJ write. Master John Wright remarked a short time ago that the tvi r 1 s make idiots of themselves. What about the boys? I suppose they never make idots of themselves. What a ridiculous let ter Adam Batchelor wrote on Jinn- '.).—! am kc, MINNIE CHAMBERS. 