SHORT STOIiY. *? Two Old Lciers. . it ?ie„-^B0hib41,d Bat and looked at her-, self in tha glass, fca .sha Had boon looking \- ? f; I?r J10. 1(V° half-hour. It was not ofton ? ? n :? 8 ^ timo to study her own re ' ?'?' ?® j'0,n-,but8inco old Michael, lior father, ?lm-1 -M|d last wook the whools of tlio olook V't l6,6!!10^40 hfxv,° stopped. Aftor a .'littlo . ' whll° Jnno and Marv would r«m« «-„;,? ol -t jo. i'10?® 7,a*B- Jnat uow i(i seemed as if tho dead old man yot lay in his room i .. up-ataira, and if thoro would bo an in deconoy in doing any work beyond that of\ho living8'^ the immediate wants PJKjf&i; .'loud as sho contemplated , ? faco ln tho greenish-coloured SiJiSi nn- 5?? a,£'1 floated out on tho -L r air h0U80. It seemed to 1 ?T , ,uoment as if someone elBe — tho ghost of her youth, perhaps— had sighed i?»(SSIVjr,in, . room, und sho'shivored a uttloand looked nervously over her shoul uer. But the woman in tho glass drow hor Dack, and she leant again to look into tho short-sighted oyoa. ' Forty-flye years of age, two months, and fiTo days,' sho said to hor. ' Why, you Are aa old woman !' Tho face in tho glass looked back at hor, shocked and almost atartlod. She could eeo that faco rosy and white v as^ she remembered it, and hung about with golden ringlets in tho modest ahado . . . , t u of a white cottage bonnet. That was liow sho had looked on Kitty's wedding day, and as she had gone down-stairs sho had . .? ? v mot Willie Maturin coming up, and he had kissed her, whisporing ta her that sho v- would be the noxt brido, and a fairer and sweeter even than that morning's sun shono upon. Years and years ago, and Jano shud dered to think of tho difference bstween those two faces. She felt just as young as tho girl of those days, though sho had learnt an indefinite patience. Sho was as ready to tremblo and drop hor eyolids and blush when Willie Maturin entored the room as in tho first rapturous days long ago, and they were now an old un married Darby and Joan, the laugh of the loss compassionate country-side. iSho covered her eyes with her hands, and her heart ached in tho darkness to think it had kept so young while hor pretty face had grown old. It was still a aweot and comoly face, though its ownor only saw in it the rav ' ages of time. Tho rose and wliito had been overspread by an autumnal yellow, tho rosy lips wore pale, and tho golden ringlets wore streaked with silvor. Still was good to look upon, and a comfort ing thought camo to her thoro behind thono hidden eyes that Willie found no lack in her. She woa quite auro that hor face was 8 till to him tho beautiful girlish face of a quarter of a century ago. Alas! that was the pity of it. Thoy wore old lovers : like an old husband and wifo, and yot thoy woro unmarried. Perhaps now, ouroly now, ran tho woman's agitated thoughts, they woro go ing to ^ bo fally happy. It wes she who had said, twonty-fivo years ago, that, so long aB Willio was truo to her, she did not need marriage to inako hor happy. It was she who to-day, panted with a thirst long unolackod to bear hio name and wear hio ring. The joya that camo to other inon and women who marriod in right ccason were not for thom, but thoro yot remained tho supremo happiness of bolongingto each other before all tho world, as thoy had bo longed to each other in heart since thoir ©yes had fii'st mot. . With her fathor'o death tho obotaclo to thoir marriago had beon removed. Whon poor Kitty's marriage with Georgo t .vr,,v Maturip, Willio'o|older brother, had turned out so inioorably, ? and tho wife of 'a year' lay dead, with tho moral guilt of hor death ' at hor husband'o door, old Michaol had , - sworn an oath that bo long ao ho livod no v- other child of hio should marry a Maturin. He had lived, perhaps, to ropont it. Jano had often thought that oho detected a look in hor father's sunken eyeo as ho watched hor and Willie playing their game of cribbage of an ovoning — a look ouriouoly mado up of pity and shame and remorse. During ihoao lattor years in whioh ho wc.3 paralysed, and hio great bulk was tothercd helplessly in tho chim ney corner, Willio had beon more than a oon to him, and it might bo well that ho should feel remorce for the two livos hiu passion had bo greatly injured. Jano could remember tho timo whon Willio had not endured hor fathoms hand upon their lives so easily r.s of lato years. At first he had stormed and raved, and pleaded, and ovon wept. Poor Willio ! sho remembored how aitor a long struggle with hor to inako hor break hor duty to -tn». fntlio* ? \\*Za o-- last flung hiinsolf on the ground aa though exhausted, and had laid his faco in her lap* Then whon she caressed his dark Head ho had begun to sob with great heavingB of his young shouldora. Poor Willie J it would havo beon bettor for him if he had beon loss faithful to hor. Ho i might havo had a wifo and children of his own in those years whon thoy had boon giutviug uxw L'.u uiu Uiuimuur uuu Wi yiuj maid. Willio waa tondorly fond of chil- j dxon. It came to her now with a groat pang that ho must always bo without j children of his own. It waB all well that old Michael's otorn . rule had given his daugetors scant leisure ? for thought. Sho began to wonder with heavy heart-beats of troublo whother hor blind obedience had not been wrong, after all. If sho had a right to bear tho burdon hor father had laid upon her, ought oho to have imposed it npon hor lovor also? Perhaps, perhapB, bIio thought with a now pang, perhaps ovon hor fathor would havo, in his secret heart, been glad if oho had disobeyed him. She uncovered hor eyes with an effort. Her thoughts woro getting too heavy for her to bear. And it was nearly Willie's time. 'Xear in, year out, summor and winter, ho had como at the same hour every evening. Kvery oveniiig thoy played their game of cribbage. and then Willie had sat with them to thoir supper, and left as the clock Btruek ten. Sho had juway8 gone into tho porch with him to say good-night, and had grown used to his sober, hUBDana-iiKo mas. xnoy naa out lived — at least he had — tho ardours of youth. She usually made a littlo toilet for him o£ evenings, adding to hor dreao a gay bit of ribbon or a ilowor. Thio ovoning, gaiety would not bo becoming; sho inUBt Hunt up something sombre in hue that would yet add to vhor dress tho touch oi decoration Bho hated to bo without when i Willie was comiug. Aa she turned over odds and ends in a .drawer sho suddonly becamo thoughtful. For quite tivo minutes she stood with hor j . . finger to hor Up, visibly agitated. Then ? she opened a lower draper of hor wardrobe and took out a grey aillc dre&s.; She shook ? ,ouc tho folds, and let it lio across hor bod. in the half-light it shimmered like silver. She took up a fold and lingerod it with admiration. If sho wore it, sho thought, 'Willie would remember tho days boforo he was ao content with thrir engagement. ? ?? ' Groy is half-mourning/ sho said aloud, \- 'and tnen no one will seo me but Mary and. Willie. Thoy won't think I mean any disrespect to lather's memory.' Quaking a little at her temerity, she put on the dress. It showed prettily a neck still white and round and a pair of soft wrists. She had kept her young''; figure, and the old-fashioned dfcesa gave ic I ? Aa Bk° looked at* herself w the glass apun she looked ten dro™ Hi tVm eh° di-d in the blaok ? ,4 J'ttlo colour camo into hor cheeks iwd a light of hope in her eyes. Sho waa ™°fira l,ko,tb° Birl Willie had loved long ^ ° would remombor it. ? bho went down-Btairs qui'oVly to get over any possible explanations with Mary bo lore he should arrivo. ; ' Tho tea was sot out on tho table— a mgh tea with accompanimonts of nil kinds of cakes and preserves, for the Archibalds woro model housekoopors. Mary snt by the fire knitting grey woollen stockings, .aho was yeara older than Jane, and had an honeat, weathor- boaton face. Sho had uovor naa a lover, and wns incurious about tho wayB of lovers. She lookod up startled aa Jane's Bilk rustled into tho room. An exclamation WIJ® ®n 'or lipa, but Jano anticipated it. 'Grey is a mourning colour, you know, Molly,' she said, ? and black is ugly to me. I lookod an old woman as I saw mysolf in tho glass, and I thought I might put on tho groy just for once. It ia yearn ainnn T .have worn it.' . ' Y^' yea, child,' said tho other, answer l5g hastily tho appeal in hor sister's voice. 'Why shouldn't you wear it? It looks ?»r? y' to°' nnd you aro vory pretty in it. When you are as old ns I am, you may talk of looking an old woman.' Jano otoopod and kissed hor gratefully. .^'^It'a nono too old-faahionod, Molly, is Not a bit. Those gathers are coming in again. The skirt is a littlo narrow at back, but if you'll lot nio flt you to morrow, I can set that straight.* A moment later Wfllm'p i,„„„v heard. Jane had always been the ono to opon the door for him, but now, in her now splondour, ehe waB Boized with a Buddon Jhyneea, She stooped and liftod n kitton from the hearthrug and laid it in hor lap. Mary wag going out to the kitclion to make tho tea, ^ ' Would you mind opening tho door for Willie ?' sho said, with an assumed air of ease. 'To be sure; but what's como to you? Oh, I see. You're too fino in your silk dross.' She noticed tho sudden flush that had como into her sister's cheeks ; but, with instinctive sympathy, foreboro to make further commont. ' The ways of lovers are beyond me/ she said to herself aa she went to open the hall-door. Willio Maturin camo in shaking him self. It had begun to snow. Ho was a big dark man, with gontle brown eyes ; his hair was streaked with groy, and thoro woro a good manv crow's-feet about his oyeo ; ho looked lcind and olow, and ho spoko with a soft drawl. ' Whero'o Janio ?' ho aokod as ho saw Mary. ' Janio'o not ill ?' A nlomontary alarm had somewhat : qnickonod his opoech. ' Janie'o all right, oho'o in tho parlour/ sam iuary, otiutcing tno door behind mm. \ * But hadn't you better hang your coat in . tho kitchen to dry ?' Ho followed hdr into tho spotleoaly noat kitchen, and hung up his coat as oho dirocted him. Thou with a caress in passing to tho old collio on tho hearth, ho went up to tho parlour. Whon ho opened tho door, ho uttorod an , osclamation. Jano Archib?.ld had Dtocd ' up nervously, and wao waiting for him, I hor head dropped a littlo in tho lamplight. ; Tho vision stirred come ^ old chord or i memory in hio heart. ir iij, oiiuiu r uu umu, puLbiug uio arm round hor. ' Thio io liko long ago/ | ' Yes/ said Jano Archibald, faintly. 1 Hor siotor and hor lovor woro tho ouly two , people who over called hor Janio now. i Thoy stood so on tho hoarfchrug for a i fow momohts. Now and again Willio 1 would draw hor closer to him and kiss hor J with a tender air of ownorship. 'You aro as protty as over, Janie, aa ; protty as over,' ho said with cafciofaction. Jano trembled a littlo, but did not opoak. ' Why, you aro shivering !' ho oaid anxiously. ' Are you auro that this is warm enough ?' Ho passed hio hand across the shouldoro and down tho oleoves of tho gown. ' It is too thin/ ho said, ' much too thin. You woro foolish to put it on, Janio; it wao mado for cummor weather. You must go up- staira and put on your warm black dre:a at onco.' ' Oh, no lot mo wear it thio ovoning, Willio. It io so pretty,' said poor Jano. But Mary, coming in at that momont, agreed with Willio that the dress was too thin for winter wear. ' Besides/ oho said, ' it lias lain bo long in that chest of drawers ; it must bo damp. ,Hun at onco and tako it ofi, IwUlkoop tho tea-cakes hot till you como down ataxru. Jano went without a word and took off hor pretty groy silk. Sho put on instead the heavy black, high to tho nock, and flannol-linod for warmth. Sho was an eldorly woman onco moro as oho lookod in tho glass. Sho folded her grey ailk and put it back in its silvory papor with mus lin backs of lavondor botwoen tho folds. ' Ah V sho said, ao sho laid it away, ' it io too truo. You woro mado for summer weather, and for a young woman who ic dead. I ohall not wear you any moro.' Sho camo down-stairs with tho lightness gono from her footsteps, and hor faco was dull from disappointment ao oho came into tho parlour and took* hor place at tho tea tablo. Her lovor looked at her with oyes full of kind pleasure in hor. Tho ardour which had beon in thom when she wore tho groy silk had quito disappeared. Mary lookod at hor uncomfortably. ' You did look protty in tho groy/ ohe said, * and it mado the room moro cheerful to havo you wear it ; but it ia too cold for tho winter. Willio ia right. Perhaps Anne Magennis, if sho hasn't much work on hand, might put a flannel lining in it.' ' I shan't wear it again/ said Jano dis consolately. ' Don't bothor about lining it.' ' It'll do nicoly for summer r.o it io/ oaid ' Mary. * I'm ouro you look ao nico ao ponoiblo in ' tho black/ said Willio, with ono of his faithful and fond glaaces. Jano Archibald did not moot his oyca. Sho sippod hor tea and crumbled a bit of tou-cako between hor fingers. Aftor tea thoro was tho usual gaino of cribbago. Jano played carelessly, without interest in tho gamo. It was oaoy to see that coinotliing had gono wrong with hor. Willio watched hor with affectionate solicitudo, but forbore to question her till Mary was out of tho room. ' You aro not well, Janio ?' he said then, with anxiety* 'Quito well, thank you, Willie.' ' Yau'ro not yourself then. I hope you haven't taken cold through that foolish freak of putting on a thin summer frock. You shouldn't havo done it, Janie/ ' No, Willie/ j ' I'd havo expected more sonso from you, i Janio/ ho Baid, following up his oppor- ' tunity. ' It's all very fine for a slip of a girl to do such things/ Hot smarting tears camo into Jano Archibald's oyo. Willio was not often gauche, but this time ho hud managed to cut her to tho quick. She averted her head and said nothing. ? You mustn't come to tho door with me to-night/ he said; 'ifs piercing cold. I will tell Mary to give you a hot drink be fore you sleep. Come, give me a kiss/ ' Sho raised her lips obediently to him, and he kissed hor as he had Jciised her ' every night for a score of years back, with calm affection and tenderness. He had forgotten the . momentary thrill of joy arid love which had darted through; his reins as he, had kiBsed her that evening. ? . After he had gono she sat dispiritedly .: by tho fire while Mary locked up- and put things away for tho night. When ehe had finished sho camo and sat down; ? ' -5 ; j ) ; 'You're tirod out to-night, Janie/ ehe saidiJ. '-You've been ?thmno-li a. Inf. » Vmi. must got a good rest to-night, and to morrow we'll sot about taking down the | curtains and taking up tho curtain in poor father's room. The liouso is all at sixes and sevens. Wo must bogiii to set it right sometime; and we may ae well bOgin at onco.' ' I wish I could go away, Molly/ said Jano suddenly. 'Qo away! Why, whore would you go to? You've never slept a night out of this house since poor Kitty died/ 'That is why I want to go, I suppose. It's ungrateful of mo, but I'm dead sick of tho same placo all those years. It ia hard that wo should have grown old, you and I, and never have had a chanco to go out into tho world, and taste what freedom is like. Other girls go away on visits, to friends, or to tho seaside, or to towns, whero thoy seo all sorts of gaieties. Why woron'fc wo liko them ?' ' Father would never have permitted it. He hatod gad-abouts. But ;what's tho matter, Janio? You havo always ' seemed bo contontod. I believe that grey silk has put all sorts of fly-away thoughts into your head/ * ' » 1 ' I was foolish' to put it on/* ' ' You have had a dull kind of life, now I como to think of it/ said Mary j ' but so had I when I v^aa young. And then I always thought you were satisfied bocauso you had Willio/ 1 Oh, Willie, I always had Willio/ re peated Jano aftor her, with an impatient laugh which made the elder woman stare. 'I don't know why you laugh, Janie/ she said in a hurt voico. 'I'm suro Willio haa never seemed to want anyone but yon all those years. What more could you want?' 'Nothing, Molly, nothing. To-night I don't know what has come over me. I am tired of everything— even of Willie, and ' tirod to death thinking of all tlm yoars j that will be just like the years gone over.' 1 ' You and Willio don't think of marrying j now that poor father is gone/ . s 4 We are too old/ ! ' You are not too old. But/ with an air of relief, ' men get terribly sot in their ways. Willio seems quite comfortable with old Katty Neville to do for him. I don't know but that ifs wisest for things to Btay ao.' I dpn't know but it ia/ marry, Janie? I couldn't ait down by a strange hoarth — ovon if it wouldn't break my heart to leave the old placo. And it would bo terribly lonely for mo here alono.' ' It would ho/ .Tann. ' Willie's more liko a brother than any thing else all these years. He'll como and go just tho same, and look after the farm for us. I'm not saying but that if it were for your happiness, Janio, I could make up my mind to live on hero alone. You and Willio seem contented with thingB as thoy aro ?' / She looked with a wistful inquiry at hor sister. 'Oh, yos, wo aro contented/ Jane Archibald answered, without meeting hor oyes. Tho noxt day sho seemed to havo quito forgotten tho otrango words of tho evening before. Mary put it down to hor having beon ovor-tirod and ov/or-wrought, and said no moro about it, and Jano wont about hor housohold duties as usual, and playod cribbago with Willio in tho ovoninga. ' If Borno spark of liopo which had endured all thoso years had gono out, and loft hor duller ond moro lethargic, no ono was 1 sharp onough to dotoct it. (To bo concluded next week.) 