I THE CROWDING Of ESTHER. By MORICE GERARD, ' Author of "Misterton," "Cast Out," "The Victoria Cross," "Black Gull Bock," fcJock o th' Beach," "Murray Murgattoyd, Journalist," Etc., Etc. (COPYRIGHT.) . CHAPTER XXIH. Lord Alfred Pontifex had made as easy Journey as possible from King's Cross to Cannock Junction under the able manip ulation of the worthy Gustave. At the. London terminus he had bad a final interview, as the porter had correct- ly informed Garonne wrottisiey, wun airs Butterfield, and the burden of his depart ing charge might be summed up in the one word "Vigilance." At Sheffield, Lord Alfred had come ac ross Captain Clivers of the 4th, bound for the same port. That worthy gentleman was stationed at York, and had tjeetl lunching with a rich aunt in the city of steel. He enlivened the first part of the jour ney from Sheffield by a highly-pictured description of the exhortation that worthy lady had addressed to him on the evils of fast ways and especially of gamb ling, which she had heard some officers in her Majstey's Army were addicted to; ending with a very liberal present .to her nephew and godchild, Montague Clivers. The latter part of the way, to emphasise the value of good advice, Lord Alfred and Captain Clivers played a few hands at single nap, a pastime at which the defend er of his country proved the better man to the tune of some five-and-twenty pounds. Altogether, Lord Alfred, in spite of Gustave's accomplishments, arrived at the Moat House tired and cross and with a general sense of being down on his luclt. No one is more abjectly superstit ious than your blase roan of the world. Lord Alfred was right, however. Luck never had turned against him so persis tently as it had during the last few mqplhs. He had dropped a great deal more than he cared to think, and the usual resources were drying up. Rents did not come in as they used to do. He had to make reductions just when he wanted more money, on his Cheveley Estate; or else fajrns would have been thrown on his hands. His brother had always been liberal, but did not appear" to be anxious to increase his already ample allowance to his younger brother. Lord Alfred felt that he was personally very much wrong ed in a world which was generally sadly out of gear. ( Marriage! A rich wife; That is what everyone told liim, down even to the trusty Gustave, who knew pretty well the difficulties his master experienced in rais ing that uncertain ether commonly called the wind. Strange that between Lord Alfred and the Marriage Market there should come the figure of that Wrottisiey girl. Why had he taken to her so i tre mendously? What a "fool hewas, after all these years, to be so confoundedly smitten. Of course, he had no thought of marrying the girl. Without a penny— an artist's model! Lord Alfred ground his" teeth" as he thought of all that it meant; little , dreaming that it meant nothing of the sort. What had infatuated him about the girl? Was it her beauty, her figure, her skin? No doubt she did "take the cake" in these matters, but he knew of hund reds of other women almost as beautiful whom he wold not cross the road to see. It must be her pride! the way she resist ed him! How he longed to have her humbled before him; to recognise him by word of mouth as her master, and she his slave. He had made other proud women do It before, and why not this girl, whose Very poverty and friendliness made her the easier prey? 'Lord Alfred Pontifex had been consign ed to the best, room in the Moat House, the one which had been occupied by the late Master. He was now lounging in an easy chair, with a dressing-gown round him after enjoying a bath, smok ing a cigarette preparatory to putting on quasi-evening dress, that is, evening dress all but the swallow-tails, which were discarded, as no ladies would be pre sent, in favor of a short velvet smoklng- coat. SSl, The room was almost exactly as it had been in the old Squire's time, ex cept for the addition of the sport ing tackle and other impedimenta Lord Alfred had just imported into it. A knock at the door, and the Hon. Thomas Upmore entered. The latter, who was a very small man, always scrupulously particular about the cut of his clothes and the shine of his shoes, had arrived at the Moat House earlier in the afternoon. He was the third son of Lord Gresham, the great distiller. He had just inherited a smart fortune from an uncle, also a dis tiller, but not a lord. "Hallo, Tommy, didn't know7 you had turned up yet." "Oh, I came this afternoon. You know I am keeping myself quiet just now; I'm in mourning," glancing at his correct suit of black, "so I have just been tak ing the waters at Harrogate." "And you have come here for consola tion after your recent heavy loss, eh, Tommy?" "That is exactly it;" and that worthy, breathed a sigh, In beautiful imitation of real grief. - "Well, you are sure to get it Our friend Stephen will take care you don't have too, much time to cuddle your sor rows; what with the best shooting this side the Firth of Forth by. day, and the devil's prayer-book at night." Tommy laughed, a low silent gurgle of mirth. Then, after a pause, he struck into a new subject. "Stephen always was like a cat, but I never knew him light on his feet so well as he has this time. How did he tumble into it all?" "Oh, I don't know," replied Lord Al fred, carelessly. "A great-uncle lived here who hated our friend like poison. Lo and behold, he dies suddenly, and Stephen Fleetwood, Esq., is left sole heir-at-law and executor. Ergo he murdered the old chap and forged the will, Stephen would think nothing of a lot of that sort of thing before break fast." The Hon. Thomas looked rather grave. "I hope to goodness he won't take it into his head to murder me." "Murder! Why, "held swallow you at a bite. But make your mind easy; he would far rather pluck you as you are." It was now the turn of Mr Upmor#, who had not relished Lord Alfred's sar casm, couched in the metaphor of the duck (or goose) pond. "Well, any way, if he killed him, it was in this room. So you will hear the blood drip, drip at night, as they do in ghost stories. I expect Stephen choked old Wrottisiey in that bed round the corner of the screen that you are going to sleep in!" That is the great advantage among true friends that we do know each other's weak points; and if there is j&n; unguarded heel your bosom ally is sure to probe it. Lord Alfred did not half relish the suggestion, as the Hon. Thomas well knew he would not. "How do you know, Tommy?" "Know what?" "Why, that the old chap was— I mean, died here." "Oh, the housekeeper told me. I rather fancied the room before, but when I heard all about it, and the old chap rapping his stick all along the wainscoting at night — why, I did 'not envy you the extra accommodation, you know." Lord Aldred would like to have thrown a boot-jack at Upmore. He was too cute, however, to let the other see that the remark had touched him, on the weak spot. "Oh, he'll have got that all over long before we turn in. Stephen means to keep it up pretty late, or early, I know, By-the-bye, how much did he tell me you had dropped into lately? I remem ber he seemed pat about the exact "figure, xuily one forgets. ( Stephen never, does, however. He always knows ex actly how much his' friends have to transfer." » . i't "What does he put your figure at,- then?" enquired Tommy, with careless discourtesy. All Lord Alfred's associates knew that he had been very hard" hit lately. "Oh, Stephen, don't look to me for mdney. He knows how to get that else- where." i« "Why does he ask you, then?" "Because I am someone In the county and he thinks it rea<ls well in the county; papers: 'Lord Alfred Pontifex, brother of the Marquis of etc., etc.'" Upmore lowered his voice a little; and: he was quite right, for Stephen was by; chance, the other side of a rather ill- fitting door, and bad happened to heaiy to his own satisfaction, most of the fore going conversation. iij ' "Do you think, then, he means to go; on cheating at cards now he is a country; ' gentleman with ail his fine property?"! . "Qh, he thinks he can win of you with out?" replied Lord Alfred "with cheer ful reassurance; " besides, I don't think he knows to play without cheating. It's second nature to him — if, indeed, it isn't! first." "By Jove, Pontifex, you know that story about the Yankee playing cards with a fellow, and pinning the hand and! the card the chap had just drawn from his sleeve to the table with a knife, remarking that if there wasn't an ace at the bottom of his toothpick he was prepared to apologise? What a lot of scars Fleetwood would have to show if he had been served the same way everjj time he dealt him-elf a 'nap.' " "Well, I mean to be on the look out pretty sharp this time, and if I catch him' up to any of his tricks, I'll give him aJ bit of my mind, that's all." Lord Alfred; was not in the best of humors, and he meant what he said. ' As soon as he was ready, Lord Alfred' and the Hon. Thomas went down to dine; with Captain Clivers— and their host. . ; / — — , CHAPTER XXIV. Every day Coutance filled more oS my thoughts gradually to the exclusion of everything else. That part of myj adorning which consisted of the painteij placing the diamond tiara upon my; head was elevated into An Event, to; which I looked forward half the nighty during which I trembled like a child at its first lesson, and upon which I looked! back with indescribable sensations for a day and a half until the idea, that it" was all to come again, took forcible' possession of me, and retrospect was absorbed once more in prospect. Did he feel me tremble beneath his touch? Did he recognise that his hand! had a magnetic influence on my being, soul and body? The grave courtesy of respect never left him, never deviated! a hair's breadth; but it seemed to me as the days grew to weeks, that the process of arrangement took a longer, time, that the necessary quiet toying with my hair had become a something to him — as it was everything to me — < that he did not like to relinquish too; quickly. I looked in the glass at night as I stood in my long dressing-gown, the nearest thing I had in my wardrobe to the Esther robe of the picture, and tried to see him standing before md With those two stalwart Hereward arms up to my sheen of golden- brown' hair. v The first picture, the painting of the! woman herself alone, was finished, and had departed somewhere. I did not care; to ask where; something held me back',; neither did he tell me. Apparently he was satisfied, however, for now I was being transferred as Esther to the pic ture, the great canvas of his life; and in the banqueting hall the very figure, pose, representation of Coutance, await ed the coming of Esther — the coming of his bride. 1 I should soon have to "look the part,' - I reminded myself daily. Should . I have any difficulty? It depended On! Coutance, and.perhajjs he knew it; I almost fancied he did, for he put oft the day of that final expression, doing everything else first, and retouching other parts of the picture to make the! coloring and lights more suited to the' central figure, with its white sheen, its royal purple, and its girdle of gold, t . . I did not know if he was painting any thing, anyone else. I longed to know. But there was no one to ask. I could not have asked for my life, if there had! been . I saw no traces of any other, picture in the studio; but there were many rooms in the vast house, I well knew, and perhaps, as at times I thought bitterly, the secret of some' woman's life, who had given herself un-i sought, as in my soul of souls I knew I had, wiio had left behind her that" which she could never take again, thi first-fruits of a devouring woman's love,; was there. ' Polly Hedger had not been near me of late. I knfcw she was very busy. There, was a fresh ballpt in rehearsal at the. Pamphyllion, and Polly had been pro-s, moted to take a more leading partj not quite a star, but- a lesser luminary.; Be'-i sides, her life as a model went on as aC-i tively as ever; but no longer with Corf-! tance — J had ascertained "that from myj landlady; he had finished with her- fori the present, Mrs Hedger said, hut might want her Again when the final touches to Vashti had to be put in, - v>5«i One Sunday evening Polly turnetf -|i$ unexpectedly to tea with; her aunts Jspf I went to chureii alone. .When I re turned sheIiM there; and, by Mrs Hedger'S Tritatlbn, We all three tod1 - supper together, v j/After that meal, during which X thought ourvvleltor strangely quiet for iher, Polly proposed to come to my room ior a chat before going home. I had been dreading this suggestion B.11 through church. I felt that Polly /would, in all probability, try to probe jtft®. ruthlessly) and my feelings were BO new and ill-defined, yet so strangely different from what they had ever been /before, that I dreaded the ordeal, not mowing how or what 1 should answer. remembered well every word of Polly's "description of her own sensations-antr fier only too accurate prophecyfhat Ik rtWas going to precisely the jfluence. 4; Now I felt that she woifld, Wnt jhnow the whole truth; and wnat jWwri ijto answer, so as not to Vedaa that hvhich. I dared not own eveifctttftayseSTT kf Polly had hardly got into land seen the door securely faste3?9f S>efore she began on the subject. <'. "Do you know it is just a month to day since I first spoke to you about be ing painted?" fcV'Yes, I did know it well." $?:"I suppose It is about that," I re plied. <-( . f'l expect you know it, MiSs Wrottis- ley, just as well as I do." V ?I felt nettled at Polly Hedger's tone, Jas well as the words; yet I did not want jto quarrel with her, especially on this Subject. I, therefore, answered quietly: j s/'Mr Coutance is getting on rapidly (With the picture. It will soon be fin ished." xf Polly went off, at a tangent, as women twill. "Have you noticed— of course, you have, though, how like — how exactly Slke, Coutance is to the portrait of the iking?" . "Yes; it struck me directly, and I re marked it to him!" I "Did you? I never dared do that. I Often wanted to, but something stopped ime. I .never can understand what it is, or why it is so; but Coutance frightens ime. I believe that is why he fascinates me so. It is like one of those rabbits at 'the Zoo when they are put into the boa 'constrictor's cage. Coutance is the boa and I am the rabbit." ( I smiled in spite of myself. Polly was such a very fine fleshy sort of rabbit. (Even- Coutance would have some diffi culty in swallowing her whole. '' "You don't look much like a rabbit," I said. i "Don't I feel it, though, with Coutance. flDo you know, I went to him yesterday. He had not sent for me, but I went." tPolly evidently regarded this as the very height of daring, by the side of which the storming of Quebec, or the capture of the Malakoff, was so much child's play. > It was a revelation- to me to find how differently Coutance inspired me to the tway in which he did this girl, who had seen so much more of the world than I. i "Yes?" I said. "I pretended I had come to ask him if he could fix a date when he wbuld want ime in order that he might finish 'Vashti.' But really I went because I felt I must see him again. Why, it was more than ithree weeks since I had been to Clapham. Besides, I wanted to find out what he ithought of you." L I felt myself blushing crimson all over. \ "Dor', Miss Wrottisley, how you do blu6h! No need to ask what you think. Your face tells pretty quickly, as plain as a pike-staff." "I blush at anything," I replied eva sively. . "Yes, but not like that. Coutance was not in when I got there, so Brook— he knows me well enough — showed me into the gallery to wait. I don't know what possessed me, but I determined to look about me a bit. Do you know where I iwanted to go?" "I haven't the slightest idea." ' "Oh, no, you wouldn't; you are one of the proper sort, who came from the wash ready starched and ircned to last the rest" of your natural life. That isn't me. I am curious— I confess that, and I wanted .to know more about Coutance; and I also wanted to know what he thought about you. I didn't expect to get at the latter by looking about, but I did the for- imer. The curious thing about it was that in the end it turned out the other way. I didn't find anything more about Cout ance. but I do know what he thinks of you." You couldn't possibly," I exclaimed. 'Besides, he. doesn't think anything. What is .there for him to think?" <'Wait until you know what I know, and have seen what I saw only last evening " replied Polly oracularly. Here Mrs Hedger came in. I blessed her for the interruption, dying as I was to have my curiosity satisfied. "Well, Polly, you are making a long stay to-night. What will James be think ing—fancying all sorts of things, it seems to me." . "Gracious, Aunt, what's the time?" '"Why, nearly half-past nine. It will be nearly twelve by the time you get home; and James knows you don't often stay here so late, after coming to tea." Mrs Hedger's one weak point was jeal ousy. She did not care about Polly and nne being too confidential. Probably she (was afraid this conversation might lead to new engagements of the sort she did Siot approve, as a former Sunday talk bad launched me into the arrangement to ( go to Cqutance. ' 'AM right, Aunt, I'll run and put my (things on. Come with me, Miss Wrottts- .iey,.-and help to fix me up quicker." I assented readily. We both, in fact, (wanted, to finish the conversation, which had arriyed at so critically interesting a point. . Mrs Hedger was going to have fol lowed us into the bedroom, but was f or- itunately eaUed off by Mary Ann, who had discovered no less a disaster than that the flies had got to. the cold sirloin. . ."Shall I tell you what I was looking for?" whispered Polly, as she tied her bonnet Btrings under her chin, "I was looking for Coutance's bedroom." "Oh, how could you?" I gasped out. . "How could I? .Why, easily enough. Bless your innocence, if a man's secret is to be found out anywhere, always look in his bedroom. I was right too. I found out his, and yours, too!" and Polly trip ped lightly to the door. I seized- her with JajI3ny,mIght by the arm. -.-uTwiy'now the rest," I said firmly. 'CSflJisteht, look out for yourself, and yogUl b£q,"jand shaking herself free Polly iMbdartpd. , CHAPTER XXV. . ' ' '."vF -never slept a wink all that night. If -JPeUijr had- intended to wake my curiosity up to the highest point of animation she had certainly succeeded. Sometimes I tried to persuade myself ' it was all a ruse to get nfe to betray my own feelings, just as long ago she had candidly confessed what hers were. But her sincerity was too clear for me really to question the truth of what she had said. Bluebeard's spouse never looked more hungrily at the keys of that- fatal apart ment than did I, mentally, for the handle of that unknown door in Clapham Park. Igot up early next morning, looking wan and haggard. It was my day for go ing to Coutance. felt strangely nervous and depressed. Perhaps the close Isling ton atmosphere was beginning to tell up on me, after having lived so long In the wild, free, intoxicating air of the Derby shire moorlands. Perhaps It was the double wear and tear of my life, the an xiety how I was to live, and the growing feeling towards the man who was yet no thing te mo — he the painter, I the paid model, as I bitterly reminded myself. All these causes were probably sapping my strength, and rendering me less mistress of myself. In a dream, with my breakfast untouch ed, I found myself on the way to the sta tion, and still mystified and bewildered I arrived at Ennismere. Bruin alone was in the studio when I entered it. He gave me a warm welcome, licking both my hands, and not at all disinclined to pay a. similar compliment to my face. I stooped over Bruin's grand head, and kissed it. He was very like his master. I fondled the St. Bernard's great ears, and placed my own eyes close to his tender brown ones. The big dog seemed_ to, un derstand that I was craving for some af fection, some friend, some one near and dear In all that wide cold world of Lon don, for he lifted up his massive paw, stroked my dress, and rubbed his muzzle against my chin. Suddenly, in the midst of the caress, I had that strange feeling of not being alone In the room; through what channel It -comes I know not, per haps it is electric. I looked up, as Bruin licked my face, taking advantage of my temporary ab straction. Coutance was in the room. Coutance looked at me and the great great dog. I caught his glonce before he could change it. It was a look I had never yet seen in man's face, wistful, tender— and something more. I was totally inex perienced, but my heart leaped to that look, n I recovered, and stood upright; no longer white and wan. I blushed until I felt my whole body tingling. Then without a word on either side I slipped past him, out of the door into the dressing room. I turned the key, fearful lest the maid should come and read in my face something of the tale it had to tell— against my will — against my will. I felt my black clothes heavy upon me, and lay upon the bed face downwards with my hands upon my breast, striving to still the passionate throbbing of my heart by main force. If Constance could have seen me then, what would he have thought! My secret would have been mine no longer. Oh, how passionately I loved him, as I lay in the abandonment of my overwhelming feeling on the bed. Then I rose up, dashed some water over my face and throat. It was cold, refresh ing to my heated temples and surging bo som. I rang the bell. The maid came, and quietly, as if nothing had happened, she dressed me as Esther — all except the co rona. Could I bear that he should put it on? Oh, what contradictory creatures we women are — our weakest as well as our strongest! These were the questions which ran into one another like some zig- zag pattern, as I crossed the gallery 19 the studio. Coutance was waiting, n his hand the diamond tiara. The sun shone through the Venetian blinds, and a ray of dazzling light rested upon the diamonds. The reflected light from them struck up on my eyes, and shot through my brain. The room all seemed flooded with it. The gold bosses of the paper danced round me. The stature of Coutance assumed gigan tic proportions. He was Hereward, and I Torfrida. No; he was Ahasuerus. and I Esther. Without thinking or knowing what I did, I kneeled down before him. I had al ways stood to be crowned with the dia mond corona before. But now, without thinking, I knelt. As I did so, my robe fell a little, but I heeded it not. The whole feeling was thaJ.of being his— his; and I could think of nothing else. (To be continued.) 