THE Rangers of Razorback: A Narrative of Botany Bay. (IN TWENTY PARTS.) PART XIX Indeed he soon began to see that so far as he was personally concerned the discovery he had made assisted to his safety. He was aware that the dead man could not have been many months in Sydney, and of course was not likely to have a large circle of acquaintances. He would also, if necessary, be able to deceive the friends of Joseph Davis or Emmanuel Gosford, by his know ledge of events connected with the deceased. As he reasoned on the subject, the enormity of the tragedy began to dwindle, until it shrunk to very small proportions in his power ful mind. It was broad daylight when he de cided to go through with the plans he had formed, and the sounds out side showed that people were begin ning to stir. There was no time to be lost, so going to the kitchen, he concealed the dead body of the dog, deciding to bury it during the com ing night in the back yard, if all went well. This done he returned to the room where the foul crime was committed, and divesting him self of the blood- stained clothes which he wore he proceeded to don the garments of the dead man. They fitted him fairly well, and when he looked in a small glass kept in the apartment, he was pleased to see the transformation effected. There was still, however, the seri ous difference in hirsute appearance to be overcome. The black beard worn by the outlaw was not more than three inches long, while that on the late owner of the shop was quite a foot in length. Though the idea was most repugnant to him, he recognised it was absolutely essen tial to safety that he should put on the beard taken from his brother's face. With that purposein view, he cut off short his own, and after a little trouble, fixed the false beard on his face. The change made was mar vellous, and even the most intimate acquaintance of the late Joseph Davis would have failed to penetrate the disguise. The chief danger of failure in his plans rose from the lack of knowledge the pretender had of the commercial transactions in which his brother had been involved. On that point he would have to exercise the utmost care, In searching the room he found a bottle of whisky and nearly £ioo in money. The spirits were acceptable, for the shock of the discovery when Davis found he had killed his brother, had greatly unnerved him, and he was glad to revive his droop ing courage. Before opening the shop the counterfeit proprietor made a large fire and burned some of the stained clothing, which he had dis carded. After consuming half the bottle of spirits, he decided to throw the shop open, it being about nine o'clock, but he took good care to se cure the doors leading into the other apartments first. When he opened the front, he found there was not more than half a dozen shops in the vicinity, but further to the north, beginning about a quarter of a mile from the shop, Sydney proper began, There were a few persons moving along the road, and two of those when passing nodded to him in a friendly way. Evidently they thought it was Enmmanuel Gosford they were sa luting. Less than a hundred yards distant, he noticed a store, and as there was no food in the house, he determined to trust himself as far as the place, and purchase what he re quired. It would also be a test as to the value of the disguise. Closing and locking the door after him, he proceeded along the street with his right hand in the pocket of the coat he wore. There was a loaded pistol there, and recognition would mean death to some one, Assuming the most nonchalent de meanor he could, the outlaw entered the store, where he was greeted as "Mr. Gosford." The salutation was returned in a general sort of way, and he then ordered what he wanted. The storekeeper appar. ently did not have the remotest suspicion he was serving anyone saving his neighbour, the jeweller, and as Davis returned to the shop he felt that his plans were working out splendidly. If those who were most intimately acquainted with the dead man, mistook the murderer for him, then surely outsiders would not discover the dreadful fraud. During the day only a couple of people camne into the shop, and they were easily dealt with. From his experience of the previous night the outlaw knew the usual time for clos ing, and when it arrived, he prom ptly put up the shutters with a feel ing of relief, that the first day was over. The tension had been con sidcrable, though not so much as might have been expected under the circumstances. He had been able to get abundance of food and drink, which were so much required, and that had a strengthening effect on hinm. 'When the shop was closed, he at once went to the back and made a hole to bury the dog. When this was done, the remainder of the tell tale clothing was destroyed by fire and while it was burning, Davis helped himself to more than one draught of hot spirits. During the day he had thought of removing the stretcher on which his brother had For somnethiungl, , lik : year.s the raih ayi of thie worll have lee, inorearmig .'at Ije mnteof s 14,00 miles per year. slept to the kitchen, for he did not halt fancy making a bedroom of the apartment underneath which the murdered man was interred. As it might look suspicious to re move the furniture, the idea was abandoned, but all the same he re solved not to sleep in the chamber of death. Shortly before midnight he entered the room, and taking a rug from it, he passed the night in the kitchen. It was in vain he tried to sleep on the rough couch which was in the apartment. Though he had no rest the preceding night, soothing slumber would not visit him woo it how he might. Two or three times he dropped into a fitful doze only to arouse with a start in a few minutes in a spasm of horrible fear. The place seemed to be haunted for his guilty consci ence remained wide awake though the bodily faculties tried to sleep. The ghosts of Day, Brake, Brook, Shea, Hlanlon and his brother, rose before him as he had last seen them and for the first time, Davis realised what a murderer's thoughts were. At last he started up with a fierce oath and piling more fuel on the fire resolved to keep awake and defy fear. Mixing a cupful of whisky and hot water, he drank it off and began pacing the room to keep awake, So the night passed, and when daylight came he laughed at the fears he endured. The second day passed uneventfully, and worn out with want of rest, he managed to snatch a couple of hours of troubled sleep during the night. It was only two hours of refined mental agony however, and on the fol!owing day lie resolved, if possible, to obtain a companion. There was a con siderable risk in bringing anyone into the shop, but anything was preferable to the haunting fears lie suffered alone. The excuse he made for obtaining an assistant was increase of business, and when the young man took up his abode with the late outlaw, the neighbours were glad to know that one at least amongst them was doing well. The very day that the assistant was secured, the little settlement was thrown into un wonted agitation by the news that two of the famous outliws known in the Colony as "The Rangers of Razorback," hadl been captured. In fact they had been secured a few days previously, but the information had not been conveyed to the out post on the Botany Bay road. Joseph Gosford's shop was the centre of the village gossips on the subject, and the late leaderof the gang had to listen to many comments on himself which were not of a very complimentary character. It was now known that three out of the four convict escapees from the Nepean settlement had been accounted for, but the arch offender was still at large. A reward of fiooo was offered for the apprehension of Alfred Davis, and the outlaw at times could scarcely refrain from laughing at the way his neighbours discussed plans for his capture, while he formed the centre of the group which arranged them. It was pleasing to think that he had most effectually hoodwinked and deceived them. In the midst of his security there was one point which troubled him, That was the false beard he wore. It was necessary to keep his own clipped close to the skin in order to wear the false one, and once or twice he actually thought of shaving. The danger of that course however quickly dawned upon him. In his convict days of course he was shaved weekly, and if he were to revert to that practice, recognition might follow. The long beard was the palladium of his safety, and he must keep it inviolate. It soon came to his ears that Lewis and Zieman had confessed to the authorities all they could regard ing the outlaw gang, and of course Davis himself camne in for his fuhill share of blame. The captured con victs only told the truth, and in fact the case against Davis was not painted so black as it might have been. The only thing that caused the late leader of the bushlranging band any concern, was the emphatic opinion expressed by the prisoners that Davis had nmade for Sydney, and in all probability was being concealed by somieone in the chief settlement. At first the authorities would not give credence to the statemtent, but at lenglth they were so impressed with it that a domi ciliary search was ordered. As a result, the premises occupied by Davis and his assistant were searched by a party of constablles, backed up by a miilitary escort. The result was barren, and in fact the episode partook miore of a pleasant meeting between the outlaw and the police authorities than a domiciliary search in quest of a notorious male factor. Davis expected the party to arrive, and laid in a plentiful stockl of food and strong drink, with which to regale them. The officer in charge of the party pronounced the jeweller to be one of the ibest fellows in the country and his health was repeatedly drunk in flowing bumpers. This was Davis's first oflicial meeting with the police of Sydney, and the constables, who were so royally entertained, did not have the remotest shadow of suspicion the much sought outlawt was their host. \When theyhad gone and werebusily occupied searching his neighbour's premises, the Jew felt a sense of security to which he had long been a stranger. The chief constable had informed him of the date fixed for the execution of Lewis and Zieman, and as all Sydney would be present to see the bushlrangers, it was only natural that Davis shouldl not form an excetion. In fact he had a lins lturnein, of \Vananuii, N.Z., intends to plireetl Il tonrtt with a eloekl; anl peal of bells, valued at £700. morbid longing to witness the end of the two wretched men he had lured to death without any apparent reason. In going to Parramatta, the out law did not dream that either of the condemned men would recognise him in the crowd, and to make as. surance doubly sure, he remained a considerable distance away from the scaffold. He had a double reason for this. In the first place, he wan ted to be far enough distant to es cape recognition, and he also wished to escape the crush of the mob through fear that h:s false beard might be disturbed. Lewis recognises Davis and makes some exclamation, drawing tile attention of the Sheriff by pointing Davis out, but orders were given by the head official for the hanging to proceed. His recognition by Lewis filled him with a feeling akin to terror, for it was uncanny, How the doomed man could pierce the disguise, was more than he could understand, and he attributed it to miraculous agency. The way the young convict acted on the scaffold very nearly led to the downfall of the Jew, and he did not feel safe until he returned to the shop. For several days after the execu tion, he remained in his room on the plea that he was unwell, but gradu ally the fright disappeared, and he took an active part in his business affairs. With the death of O'Shea, Lewis and Zieman, it seemed as if the fu ture safety of Davis was assured. His plans had resulted as satisfac torily as if a higher power than mortal man had conceived them. Indeed, the way the outlaw chief had outwitted the authorities was little short of marvellous. The means were simple in the extreme, but they had dove-tailed one to the other in a way which made the scheme perfect. It is said that the devil takes care of his own, and the truth of the saying was exempified in the career of Davis. Had he not been strangely directed to the house occupied by his brother, it is almost certain he must have been captured by the authorities within a day or two. The arrest of Zieman and Lewis would have precipitated that result. For a few months after the execu tion, Davis occupied himself exclu sively with the business, and for a time he was actually pleased with the idea of pursuing a commercial life. He had speedily put himself on an excellent footing with the public, for he was a fellow with a good address and an engaging man ner. The trade which his brother had entered upon was also a lucra tive one, and altogether the lot of the late outlaw was cast in pleasant places. Amongst the best customers were the civil and military officers, and he kept himself on a good footing with them. Though not fond of display ing jewellery himself, he was forced to follow the example set him by Joseph Davis in that respect. Con sequently Emmanuel Gosford, as he was called, was about the best dressed man in Sydney, and his ap pearance altogether was distin guished. He was invited to all the social gatherings of any note, and was in short recognised as a part of Sydney society. The fellow had a remarkable aptitude for reading character, both male and female, and that faculty stood him in good need. It enabled him to steer a safe course through a channel beset with dangers, and within twelve months of the burning of Brook farm, the perpetrator was one of the most popular men at Government house. The wheel of fortune turns very strangely at times, but surely never were the ups and downs of life more strangely axemplified than in the career of Alfred Davis. The jump from a hunted outlaw to a respect able guest at the vice-regn' msansion was a big one, but it har' Lb , sue. cessfully accomplished 1) th des perado, on whose head a p. ce was set. The liberality of the Jew had a good deal to do with his popularity. It is not often those of the Hebrew race are prodigal of their gifts, but Davis, or Gosford, certainly was. He did not spend money very freely, but made numerous presents of jewellery to those who might be able to do him a serviceif needed, There was a method in his liberality which was worked on a well organised plan. The governor himself was not above accepting a gold chronometer from Emmnsanuel Gosford, and the present was not barren of results. Shrewd people said the oblject of the Jew was to increase hIis business by giving presents which were a big adver tisement to hIim. It was his method of casting bread on the waters, which would return tenfold. It smight be thousght that the for tune which smiled on the ex-convict woull have been a solace for the troublles he had passed through, but in fact that was not so. The mnore prosperity shone on him the more gloomy the man became. His many friends did not fall to note this, and the Jew ascribed his increasing meel. ancholy to a disordered liver. Close attention to business was telling on him he asserted, and in truth the convict's appearance to some extent bore out that statement. Dr. Johnstone, who was the re cognised medical authority in the limited but exclusively fashionable circle at the head settlement, was consulted by Davis, or rather Gos. ford, and that gentleman agreed that a change would prove highly bene ficial to the Hebrew jeweller. This proposal was slyly suggested by the patient himself, but so cleverly, that it was scarcely apparent. The Jew said it meant ruin to his business. Every ton of Atlantic water iwhen evnpo ratedl yieldls 81 l of saltr, and a tOn of Paciti estr } Ib, 