Scenes at the War Board. No. 4. "WHAT Ho! 'ear comes Lord Iligh-Waug Doodle-Field-Murshal-Robertsou on 'is Wi cycle, and by the smile on 'is face 'c line 'caps of uoose." Ting-a-ling-u- ling. Flip, flap, splash with the paste and oif he goes. " 'Ear, Ginger, who the ell are you shoving-. The board doesn't belong to you, nnd yer father wasn't a plate glass maker ; if he was, he forgot tor put 4 few panes of gl<6s iu yer back, as we coves behind yer could see through.'' Ginger: " 'Old yer blanky jawer, or I'll put a few pains iu yer 'ead as yer won't care to feel through, 60 chuck it, aud let us 'arc a read of the war noose." Bill reads and comments at intervals. " Gorstruth; General Bullion has five thou sand vehicles at the Modder River. Now, wot does this mean ? I've been iu the British Ilarmy long afore Tommy Hatkins was born. I was hat the relief of the Sahara Desert iu 1041 with Horatio Nelson and Lewis Carrol. I've been hit with a cannon ball iu the breast, and only fcr 'nviug a pack o' cards iu me inside pocket, I'd 'uve 'ad a holo drove right through me. I've been out at the Crimeor in 1791 with Major Riceardo and General Metheuuson, when we was ncampin' on the heights of Alma Mater, with nothing ter eat fer fourteen days but beautiful corn-beef, cabbage and purtatcrs, when the bloke with the longest arm (.ot the most. I've been in a place where gunpowder, bullets, shells and cannon balls was all round me, wasn't I, 'Arry P" Harry: " My oath yer was. Hill, plantin' underneath the liamuuition waggon.'' Bill resumes : '. I've been covered in Lterlud from 'ead to foot after fourteen hours 'ard fighting', 'elpiug to carry the wounded oil' the field, so I 'uve. I've l)oen a habscnt mindeil beggar, aud left me wife aud kids behind long afovc Kipling knovvi-d anything about it. I could 'ave punched Nam* Sahib iu the blanky jawer at Omdurinan if I'd 'ave liked, but I didu't want ter. I could 'ave done all these 'oar things and 'av been iu all these places and as many mure, so I could, but dam' me if ever 1 hecrd of u regi ment. of vehicles afore, strike me pink if I 'ave." O'llulligau : " Wiope yer chin, ye thick- headed tripe hound, so ye are. Sure ye blatherin' numskull vehicle is l'ritich fer New South Wales Lancers '. Wissia, wissia, yer edccatiou was sadly neglected, so it was ; it's ineself that has the laruin', de yo sec. The otter day I picked up n grey blanket. It was branded 'Q.G.' in the middle nve it. Well, now. if it wasn't fer my laruin' sure I'd never have known me own iuatials, ' Q.' fur Patsy and . G.1 for O'Hooligan. Isn't that might, Friucliy, eh r" Frcnchy: " Sucre blue, my uamc is not zc Frenchy ; I am Mousuer Napoleong Duport. By pro fessi.mg I carve ze signature Iroin ze cork of ze buttle. Villi siy ze vehicle is French for ze Nori Snusli Wales Lausare ; par blue, you do nut comprehensioug, moil ehere ami." O'iiooligan : " What's that ye call me, eh i"" Dupmit : '. I calls you notten'; 1 only say . mon ehere utni.' " O'iiooligan : " Yer a loir, sn je are, ye old frog's f<ice, and if ever ye east a stiginv lniko that on any ave me family agin, I'll sue yo for loiterin' wid intiut to commit bigamy. Me blood's boilin', so it is, and after usiu' such language to me don't, ever raise yer hat to me iu the street agin', or I'll have ye foined for unlawfully atlemptin' to commit etiquette on the premises ' without prejudice.' I wasu't iu the pooliee fooree fourteen days for nothiu', so 1 wasn't, as Strousenberg there can tell ye." Strousenberg: " Mine Got iu hitniu'l: ] ne striue der doodle rine. I vill forgot never at all when you run ine. in. Skipper ucigh borem, I vas valk by der foodpath, and O'iiooligan gome to me and he say, 'Vot yer doing.' I say, ' I vos doiu nothing,' and ho say, ' So vos I;' then he say, ' Come vid me; ver got soraethin' to do by the Police Court.' The Magistrate, he say to me, ' Vot's der sharge ?' I say, ' I don't sharge you something uf ye led mo outl/ and uiiuc Got in liimtnel he say to me, ' You cau cut some wood by the barracks for fourteen days. Don bistcn sliarfs cup I vos wild, und O-Hooligun you vos a dem doodle-rine, so yer vos." O'iiooligan : " You're another, ye pork sausage, so yo urn, and if ye use such treasonable languago forninst Her Majestv's war news I'll have ye up before "the Coort for invisible manes and larceny, so I will, yo boot truuk tragedy, so ye are ; aud never agiu send yer childer over to me house to borry a saucepau or a dipper. If ye do 1 won't have yo up before the bake this time, but do ye know what I'll do wid yo? Looked hero *iow, I'll commit wilful destruction av property on yer person, do ye moind mo now P" Bill Adams at this stage of the proceedings points out in real bush vernacular that, 14 Its hup tor mo t.er 'ave a blanky chip in now. Yous blokes 'are 'ad the flute long enough. Yer wants ter make bout as yor can talk furrin languages, but take it frum mo yor don't know as much as the holo in me waistcoat pocket, so yer don't. Now I hain't never got much ter say, but I flatter meself I know somethin' about hancient 'istorv, so I does. I was u-roadin iu Amlet the other day, where Cleopatrick drank two thousand pouuds worth of pearl juice iu one drink. That wag iu 1492, three years afore the battle of Trafalgar, when Julian Oeaser stole CI eopfttrick's Needle, wot she used ter mend Mark Hantony's pants with, so she used ter. Yer oan't get no Pearl juice out 'ear, so yer oarnt, but my oath yer can get any Gor'fl quantity of snake juice at Muttaburra, so yer can; and did you notice larst week's Champion where they have to preserve their corn beef in rum afore they can digest it out there P I'm a-goin' to in vent a new hexplosive; something on the shell principle, to bo used in the Transvaal. I've christened it' Rumite,' and it's made oat of Muttaburra ram, Queensland tobaccy, and spirits of wine ; and just tor give yer an ides of wot it will do, I hexperimented by lettin' off one shell out at Westbourne. Result Killed all the grass on Saltern Creek runs, and stiffened four thousand goats wot wasn't registered at Biurcaldme. Now I'm again' tor send home four tons of this to Major Clery, although he doesn't want none cause 'e's "hable ter beat the blanky Boers hout »f the boots (they don't wear socks) on 'is ow* nut, so he is, make no horror." All Boo and One Lung walk up to th« War Board. The former asks William i "Wish way now you ten so him. British no looseui jusKy now; wha' fo*Bill: " Loose ! There's a charnce ycr got: why, this lust mont the blanky Boers 'aven't 'ad a ghost of a show. so they 'aven't'' Ah Boo: '. My di : good jab nissy wau : Bore, liim no good, ile taw ; »ilc same plutty Japauee ; him to fighrem damibingichow." Bill: "What Ho! chaps. 'erc's another bloomin' Britisher." All Boo : " My countrjiniin. One Lung, hint loo savee, him allegetter liiikini linkim along public lion'. Wha" fo', my cli. uissy wau lilitish him, allegetter iightem-iighteni; bime-bye no more Boer; old Kluger alia gone mucka-hi." And turning towards his mate, < ?ne Lung, he addresses liim something like this: " Cliunsau binghi Blitish killent yetgee slomsay allegetter. Boor lockget Barcou muekahilow hiughichuw." "Good day," and off he goes. " What Ho! 'Ere ho comes again." Ting-a-Iing-a-liug : miud the puste it's a bit thin. Flip, flap, splu.-h and flop into the billycan goes the bru*h, and away again. " 'Ere keep yer dirty finger off the board; we don't want yer to point; anyway, point ing is bad manners. Hi, blokey; you with the 'elmet. take it hoff and give us a show. Right. That's better. The firet Barcaldine contingent of buslimen leaves by the mail train on Thursday night. Dip says to me, he snyn, ' Look 'ere, Bill, old man, if I do not return just tell 'em that I'm gone and I'm lying in a British soldier's tent.' He gave me liis plmis of attack, but he asked me not ter let 'cm be kuowu for awhile, fer old Kruger might get a hold of 'cm and ambush 'im; but if you blokes »» come around this board can 'old yer jawcr abit, I'll read 'em hout to yer next week. I said to 'im, I said, ' Do yer think you'll be nervous, Dippy old boy, when you're in hactive seiviceV' He raises his elevcn-stone-five-feet-six figure up hin dignant like, 6Wells out his thirty-seven-inch biiKuui, at the same time showin' me his rosette, wot ho got at the banquet for his splendid attack, and he says to me, he says, ' Look 'ere, Bill, a cove's bound tor feel a bit scared until he gets Lit with a few bullets, but after that he's right fer seventeen hours hard fightin'. My colonial oath,' he says, ' I'm agoiu' to extinguish meself over there or bust. I'm agoiu' ter charge inter the first shower of lidditc as goes hoff and save some blokes' life ; they got no chance of killin' me cause I hinsurcd me life ter other day.' I told him to remember me ter Lord Ilobcrson, awl if ' Hobs' was tor ask 'im why I stayed behind, tell 'im as 'ow F 'ad some scrub nuttin' ter do, and anyhow me ole woman ivouldeuf let me go at any price. She flung her tirins aroui.d me neck, and called me her dear old Goosey-Goosey, with hempliasis on the froose. She planted me shirt, and I 'ad ter stop in bed so I couldont sign articles; but if things gets serious-like over there, just drop me a eollcet telegram and I'm yer Moses." Tang-a-langa-lang sounds the station bell; everything is bustle ; everyone pushing and moving to get a last good-bye ; the ex citement is intense : the train whistles : they are gone-our gallant small brigade-and perhaps for ever, who knows While on this subject the writer would like to draw atten tion to a certain class of individual who is nothing mure or less than a glaring parasite on the community, and who is 110 acquisition to any place in particular. On Thursday night a few geutlemen arranged a spread by way of wishing our first contingent Acti n»jar\t, and while the afl'ai>- whs taking plaee the writer heard an alleged mail giving vent to most, violent anti-British opinions on the footpath, and ten minutes after this same crcaiure was iu the mum holding his long lieer glass above his 1/ ad and muring "God Suve the Queen*' at the top of his voice. This sort, of pel-son's opinion can always bo bought for a long beer ; and a speedy exter mination of this kind ui tick would lie a prac tical benefit to our community. OOM PAT 