THE BBIGIDINE CONVENT OF THE SACRED HEART. COMPLETION or THE BUILDING. On Sunday last, notwithstanding the nupropitious weather, a veiy large congregation assembled at the Konian Catholic Cliui cb to take part in the service to cclebrate the com pletiou of the Brigidine Convent of the Sicred Heart at Ararat. This was one of a festival nature worthy of the great event il celebrated. The edifice is truly a noble one, fit to be cUssed as one of the finest struotures of the kind iu the colony, aud it speaks volumes for the zeal of the Romau Catholic denomination and their esteemed pastor and the devout ladies who constitute the establishment tbatso fine a structure has been raised in so shortasp&ceof; time. Only 12 years on Saturday have elapsed siuce the rev. mother anl tbe three nuns ffho accompanied her left their parent convent iu Ireland to settle in Victoria, and soon started teaching here in little cottage long since removed. A building has now been elected which r^nks 1 a most imposing edifice, an oraament'aoil credit, to tbe districL: aud when it is stated that the buildiog atone, irrespective of the furniture and fittings and the large sum spent on the grounds, has enLuiled a cost of over £10,000 and ouly some £400 remains as a debt upon it, there is rooin for wonder how so great a work has been so successfuliy accomplished in so short a time. It is true that under tbe will of the late Edward M&ccabe; a sum of £3000 was bequeathed towards the buildiug, but the chief factor in tbe sue. cess achieved has been tbe untiring zeal flacl the indomitable perseverance of the Rev, Father Meade—perseverance whicb rose superior to all obstacles and lead to the early realisation of wbat we venture to thiuk ' something more than his most sanguine e pectation when he entered upuu his great task. The convent, we inay say, covers a floor space of loO feet by 90 feet, and it stands on a commanding site next the Ro man Catholic Church. It has been built of Brunswick pressed bricks, the arches being worked in moulded white bricks with G pians fieestone keystones. I' is of stories and is erected in the ornamental Gothic style of architecture, the fa<-adz being pal ticularly chaste. Ornament is uol used 10 excess, but there is a gond deal of light graceful work to relieve the heiviness 01 Gothic stability, and the propoitions ol tbe building are fair and effective, fiee fron: that rigorous symmetry which is at all times cold and ineffective. The front portion of the conveut is finished by a wide verandah 4S feet in length laid w itli tesseUted tiles and supporting the bilcouy are panelled ani moulded pillars, whilst the balcony itself ii adorned with Corinthian columns with en riched capitols worked in Pcitland cement The main cornice is supported on enriched consols aud is furnishe-i with Gothic balus trading and cemeut vases. Tbe roof is en. lively of 3late. The principal rooms are a schoolroom, 56 x 28 feet: the bcarders' schoolroom, 34 x 20; the boarders' library a very bright room opening outontoth.i balcony, 34 x 20; a large dormitory uj stairs, 56 x 28; a smaller room where any dc licate childreu will receive specinl care, 22 v 20; 'a large music room, tho nuns'special oratory, a study room for the meinbc the community, a hall 10 feel wide, a spacicus corridor laid with tesselated tiles, Tbeie are three bathrooms plied with hot water, a lavatory, and the dining rooms anil kitchen and scullery accommodation. Gieat good taste has been displayed iu the intei adornment of the building, but this has b' most lavishly bestowed upou the recepl 100111, the walls of which have been painted in panels by the sisters with exquisite taste. The panels have been struck from ceiling floor, and in three of these pretty landscapes have been painted, tile scenes being —Milford Snund, New Zealand ; Calaiact (Jlen. Mt Wellington;Tasmania, Kerry Fiord,ifreland The other pauels ure embellished with vases and baskets of flowers. A basket of light colored roses set in maidsn hair and olhci fetnsand grasses, with a pair of doves is a work of great artistic merit. The coloring is pet feet and tho annngement of the flowei s exceedingly pretty. Opposite is a vase of passion flowers lhe I railing blauches of whicb hang gracefully down, and the other panels aie equllly artistic. The cornice and centii piece of this room and the main hall are veiy richly and chastely picked out in color: vhilst the ceilings of the larger rooms airi; V longued kanrie set diagonally aud ned and varnished, and the floors of both .ol rooms are supported by steel leis. The school furnishings arc a supeiior character, the boar bonders'room beirg titled with dual desk: vitn a teacher's table and chair to each paii f students. The walls of the rooms an adorned wiLh ecclesiastical pictures, lilt First Kaster Morning and the First Christ' mas Morning being highly meritorious works of ait, whilst Or Pbelan, Bishop of Pitls burg, U.S.A., who is a brother of one of tht nuus, has presented five very fine oil paint ings, including one of St. Joseph by an Italian artist, St. Cecilia, &c.;, and 011 the landing is a fine allegorical work of art presented by Lady De Vessi. The good eflect of Lhe halls is heightened by' handsome stained glass windows and various statues of the Holy Mother, the Divine Infant. lhe oratoiy, or tbe nun's private chapel, is adorned with pictures of the Viigin and St. Biigid, from Rome, Lhe Sacrsd Heait, and statues of St, L'liilomena and St Anthony, the internal arch of tbe buildiug are Ov appropriate molloes, including that of the ordei " Sta Brigida, Ora Pro Nobis,'' Omnia Pro Te Cor Jesu." The bnildiog reflects the good taste of the aichitect, Mr M. Ryan, and the whole work has been faithfully don*\ the last contract being let toMrJaino Irwin for £1200. Tbe painting has been carried out under him by Mr Nugent in n must creditable manner. The spacious grounds at the convent hav< been laid out as a gaiden, on which consider able care has been bestowed, and a plaBhing fountain adds to the eftect, whilst a nice tennis court is within the enclosure. The community consists of 22 nuns, who conduct three schools, St. Maiy's Primary School, a High School in two divisions. Si Stanislaus and St. Aloysius and the Board iog School, St. Josephs. There are 2: boarders in this school, about 70 attend t.bi day school and about 140 are on the roll of St. Mary's. The curriculum is from the most primary m the doors of th? University —the arts, music and science being included. It is worthy of remark that pupils trained in the convent have taken honors in English, hist-oiy, French and German, have passed in cuclld, arithmetic, algebra, philosophy, botany, geography and music, both practical and theoretical, and music pupils also passed in all the grades to the senior first-class the London College of music. St. Mary's school has just passed through a successful examination, as will be seen frcm tbe following report :— "St. Mary's school, Ararat, examined for results on 20tli and 21st Soptember 190(1 Percentage gained 97.2S per cent. The excellent examination which tbe school has gone through reflects the greatest credit on teachers and pupils. The children are thoroughly pioficienl in ail subjects icouired hy the programme, and Lhe teaching throughout the year has evidently been eoientifindand thorough. The children take an acti ve and intelligent intsrest in I he school crk, for a manifest desire to make a goo.l animation permeated Lhe whole school oin Ihj highest to the lowest classes, r. very child in Lheschool iaaiiexcellentieadei art it was a pleasure to liBtcu to the reading, it BBS so distinct, bold, fluent and ex prcssive. Spelling, writing, grammar and' geography are all strung subjects and have been well taught. Arithmetic is alto a strong subject with all the classes. There was scarcely 11 failure in it, and a feature of the WDrk was thot most of the problems act were accurately solved, shoiviug that the more mechanical part of aiithineti- is not in dulged in to the detriment of the practical part. Die sixth aud Ijftli classes arc crcep. "••nally good iu this subject, and the quick. 1 and accuracy with which the questions liental i.rithinetic were answered were most creditable In tlio children and to those who bad trained thorn «o well, Tho general lessons were all well auswered, and dTawinn and necdlnwork were good. Singing was »!„„ excellent, the sweet, clear voices of the chil. \--- blending together very haimonlously. whilst tho calislbenic ex?rci^es formed with ease aurt gracefulness. The' ligioiiH education of thecliildien is'moit carelly attended to. I'lie i|uesl-iiiiis out of tin- Icchism of ecclesiastical biatoiy wele an- •ered accurately oud unhesitatingly. Vliere is a high moral tono in the school, and th« J hubs Coxi.ux,Inspector " Misst OlNTjlT< On Sunday ninrniug, "notw'ithsUnainc tlir inclement leather, fhere w.. a Ur^eou gregutiou at St. Mary's Church, the building being wen filled. Mas, ieiSitaUd '^ Tuesda the Ilev. Father Meade, the Right Rev. Dr- Moore, Bishop of the diooeso assisting, Lhe sermon being preached by the Rev. i Father .O'Farrel), one of the Iledemptorist Futhete. r A lull choir rendered Farmer's M&S9; in F, the sola parts being given with excellent, efiect by Midi Sherlock and Mra Btady,- sopranos; Miss O'Callaghau, alto; Mr VYalker, tenor; and Messrs. Parsous aud Hill, baritone; "Come Tliou Fount of Every Blessing" was sung with great ai tistic skill by Miss Sherlock, and the " Ave Maria" was sympathetically and well rendered by Mrs Brady, Ou .tiie conclusion of Mass his Lordship the Bishop of Ballarat, tbe Right Rev. Dr. Moure, announced Lhat , the Rev. Father O'Farrell 'would^pieacb, but before the serhc (the bishop) wished Lo offer the cougregation fits very hen rly congratulations ou tbe ceremony performed that morning. They bad tbat morning cousecratcd the very beautiful convent just completed next the church to the houor aud glory of God and foi Roman Catholic education. They as a cougregaion might well feel proud of the convent nil ofl tbe religienses who had founded it. t fc a truly noble building, and tney bad had a body of religieuses which was a credit to the colony, and who provided not only for elemeutary instruction to the little ones, but for that better education which lilted young people for the higher walks of life. It was, iudeed, a day of joy, and he was eiy pleased to be preseut aud perform such .n important ceremony, and he was pleased lso lo congratulate the noble sisters who had done so much for tliu honor aud glory of God. This uoble edifice, wbich had bscn ected at a cost of £10,000,had been consecrated to tbe cause of Roman Catholic education, and it was a day of special joy and il-isEaction. He knew us they did, lhat an mount was still due on the buildiug, but he knew that the congregation would give to IhiB great instituliou as God in his goodhad prospered them, and they would aol allow a debt to remain ou the place. The Rev. Father O'Farrell took his text rotn Matthew xxviii, IS, "Go therefou nd teach ye all nations, in the name <f the Father and the Sou ami tlu Holy Ghost. Teach then to observe al things whatsoever I have commanded you And behold 1 am with you all days even U [nation of the world." Befoit addressiug himself to the text he wished to say how soiry be felt that the congregat could uot lo-day be honored by Lhe presence of His Grace Lhe Archbishop of Melbourne who he uudeistood they expected to b< preseut to assist the bishop of the diocese ii cclebiatiug lliecompletion of this gicat woil of charily, piety and educution in tllci idst. He could say, haviug purhaps seen s Grace the latest ot all, haviug IrAVelled with him from Sydoey, thai il was physically impossible foi his Grace tu be piesenl. They knew whaL his good will was luward: all ttueli wot ks, aud especially those which aised up iu the ecclesiastical province which he presides. He sympathised with the congregaliou that they had so poor ,1 substitute us himself for so great- an ecclesiastic, though he cculd say that it wa<, pleasiug to lliill 10 be again ainongsl a people that he had leuined to love so well aud appieciale aa highly, an* what Utile aiJ Ih- CQUI'I rentier to lhe cause of religion aod education io this palish he would feel it ooly uu honor aud u pleasure to be able to do it. The words wbich he had taken for his text, weie those which ourLoid spoke lo those who were the* first Iruits of his ledempti^n. 1'hc church was Ibeu in its very iui'aocy, and Chiist spoke to thoso who composed it and ords that should uuver bo forgotten by any of his folio wets throughout tlu- Id and for all time—Go teach ye all natious.'' By the^e words he places iu thicliurch the power to teach the wliofe human lie sets it up as his own lepiesen- Etli.e, aud as He Uim&clf; bad come to b« lhe truth aud the life of the whole world m ie was aboul lo ascend to His Father, H- £>pointa them out,of the whole world as thai body to whose bauds He coutides the gtcai duty of teachiug the knowledge of Himseil mid His laws to lhe whole world. He, too. gives theui the material fiom wLich they anto Lake their tcachiug. lie makes thein th< repositories of His truth, so lhat for ail lim:- i.ruih is lo be fouud and alone fouud iu the 1 of tlios»e to whom Jesus Christ couhded lhat sacred tiust—the teachii^ 0o»?y of His own chuicu. Moreover Inly lays upou ihern the obligation of teaching, but he coulidci to them Uie truth tlicy are to teach, and, further, He gives to ihem the power—a privilege unique in ititlf atid only belonging to by nutuie — the great privilege uf teaching that truth tc the end ol all time without the slightest fyji of error in theii teachings. So that it follow* fiom this,that on which the mind of man can live aud be nourished—dmue tiuth — is to be found iu tbe Church of Chiist. L'hosc wbo are to teach that truth to Uunations of the world cau be fouui ouly iu that &iine; church, aud they have the uuiqutpciviloge of preaching that truth throughout >11 time without any fesr of error. Noiv there is no oady-oo enrlh which claims this privilege but the holy Roman Catholic Ciiurch, ao<l ou the lace of it the fact ui claiming this prerogative of infallibility, an.J the power they had ta ptovc the possession of this prerogative shows to anyone who cares lo eiaraiue the question lhat tbe leaching of Lhe holy Catlnlic Church is the tt.icl,- ing wbich Jeaus Christ intended shun).] he the li-jUt and life of the woild. But the law of natuie lays upou the parents, the faihei aud mother, the duty of lenchiug their chil dien, while the duty is laid upuu the pjr-.toia oi the chuicb to teach the divine truth to the world. It is God who speaks in the law of uature, aui the duty is primarily laid upou Lbe Christian father and molhct, hi consequently it is iu the Christian Catholic Home that the first /oimation of the miud of the child is to take pli estimate at too much the importance of thut obligation, uor the fruits that should be expected from it when it is faithfully performed. He might- go over the whole jjistoi y of Unchurch, and preseut to their view the heroes and heroines of Chiislianity—ih«6e wbo occupied places of houor not ouly ou earth iu the iniuds of people, but places of hon<M amongst Cod's angels in heaven, to poiut ou that it was at the knee of their mother that they tirsi lcarut the tiutlis of faith whicli made such a lasting iinpi essiou thai they pei mealed their lives will: holy ihoughU «n-l made them benefactors of mankind and joyous servants of Almighty God. Hut ih<l&ter; aud the higher formation of charactei mi'ist be the woHi ol the church. Il is llie duty of the pastors of the church tc see that tbe parents faithfully fulfil that law of Gu<i rt hich pledges then) to instruct and teach tl-.eii children aud sow in their young minds (htsc^dsof virtue and give them tbe tirut gleam* of the light of faith, and then it is tbe duty of the pastors of the church lo do, as tbe.v were ever stiiviug to do, sometimes in the face of very stroog opposition, to give the later inslructiou, The great struggle is carried on ug&iust; the darkneas whiot surrounds il, to teach the great pi iiuiplch which the Lord gave to 1 he chuich when lie told it to preach all that He lirtd commanded— to give to the miu.l that which will lead to the knowledge of Gu<l. This wa* the education our blessed Lord had in view, when he give such power and minute directions to His apostles to bt the educatois of the whole world. e had or Id tho light of His holy t-vplc. lis had given His lite for the redeuipld, but tuc woi k of keeping lion uf the w alive the life of faitl: ia what he instructed His Bcrvauls to do when he saiJ, pi each to all nations, To establish this they had tiral reason and common sense and then etpetience, that most powerful teacher, aud then thoy have faith. Outside what is done hy the lloinun Catholic church to give Christian education very little is done. Now wlmt does common "jense teach ? Ueason tell us thai we may educate the faculties The vegetable kingdom shows that in its early life a plant may be trained io accrtaiu diicction Animal lifo shows that even the brute ^reulioo tnay be traiocd, like the horse aud do-.! 'fordiflereul kiodt of work, aud is not the mini of man capable of higher and more perfect education. Cotuoqaently tbe education of the mind inu*t result io drawing it out and developing it in view of the cud foi which man was creatcd and ptooed on the em lb. It ia not to develop tbe powers of tlie body, for that would bo to make men merely a superior animal, but to train Uie itnmoiUl soul, aud try to draw out and develop the faculties is tho real wot k jf education. Theio is not meiely tho intellect but I.he soul und the heart. Why did lhe) imliucl the intellect but to know what in good and true aud beautiful, ami what mil it avail a mau tr know what is good ami true and beautiful il it iloea mil i.,,(-,u.hH lliuic things ou his lieail. U 11 llie poasi n- sion of Hie heart nnd the will which ,na|-I •"."V b °i' ,g ' " ) hB J I J i m '"'"''' man ' ftr^r 1 " r; of n ""'" r , o 'f ,o "'" i ' \ S ^ ' t l S ' S Z ' ^ 1 ivhst M •»•••'»« ' V p U ' - t " . ' ^ ^ ' y, September 25. is true. It is for this principle the Romau Catholic Chuicb thioughout i.he woild contends—there is nothing to giTe that education but, leligica. If they aited what experience pointed so strongly to, they would that t.h»»: tbis t-.h;. education „,!1;. .. ihe . 1-- Roina» I. Catholic Church os coottDding for throughout the world, as well as beie ia Victoria, alone was sfteciive. Experience would tell them that there was oevt-r anything like true civilisation unless rclitjjoo was the base of the-education of thn jv-ople. There was, perhaps, rt fioement and puli&b; a knowledge of tbe aits and 'sciences, but look at the customs of (be people aud they found them brutal and revolting. They could not call that civilisation whicb cleaned tbe outside of the platter, and left ouly Qltb and aboiniuatiou within. So it was because of religion that lbe Jews bad that i'iviij8&- tiou superior to the barbarian hordes of the middle ages. It was only a matter of histo»y. l'hey found Napoleon declaring that uulcss teligion enters into the education of the nation that the people are merely fit to be shot. Wellington, his opponent, and victor, tells the people that if they allow religion to drop out of their education fhev would simply have to deal with futute generations of criminals. They had Lord Rnberts deelai ing that, ouly so fai as Kneland was religious hud she becume great and free. ^Experience confirms the prin-ipU which the Holy Roman Catholic Church had taken up. Then, if they came to Faiih— what did Fait h teach them ? The first ques lion io their catechism was, " Why did God create you' Was it tn be a superior kind of animal? No. Man'a work in tliewoild is to know Goi, to love audio Eeivefiim Then, he said, give any Lrainiug you like, and it is useless without leligiou. They t,ad heard a lul about secular education. I3ul people who were honest now admitted th«t the principles laid down by the bishops of she Romau Catholic Church were sound They heard on all sides that the secular system had failed. Thai under it vice had become lair.puul and ci iminuls had increased, aud, worse than all, the social virtues had been trampled on. The obedience of the child to its parcnLs, the lespect of the wife foi the husband ond the husbiod foi the wife, the gieat aud lustious mudesly which is the ornament of young gi,la and youns men bad suBeied mote iu 20 years than any one cau tell—God iloue sees it. M011 is coming to know il ; and they BOW FOUND a great efloi t being made to include religious nsti uction in the regular school curiiculara, flow I to be given? Is il 10 be given as tire mother gives baud of a Strang »' h'ld, or by the •As the Archbishop had said, those ivj ' of de. nominations are simply giving up UiebpoM liou. they aie the teachers if lb;y ure anything at all, othui wise tliey should uot call themselves ministers, ami il they have anv duty It is to teach the yuunt the truths of Christian morality and Christian doctriue Here they saw the difteinice between what is true anil false. They found the true molhei ie»dy to saciifice every thing to give lhe child sustenance, and ihey found the false molhei ready to let anyone else tlo it for them. EKpeifence strongly confirms Uie great Catholic ti uth thai the obligation of the chuich is to leach lhe children in the doctrines which lhe Lord commanded l.h«-ir, to teach when He said "Go aud teach nil things that I have conmiaudad you." This my dear biethreu, is what is being doue in your midst by the good nuus whose conveut n now completed, and he was here to day to speak a word 01 two for tliem. He was sui however it did not require much exertion ou his part tu bring home to the niindj of everyone the claims wliieh these good si>ters hive upon the geni'i osily and gratituJe and love of all. Only a litlle nioie than I I years ago It was his privilege to speak almost in the way of introducing the nuns on the occasion uf laying the foundation stone of their couveni, and God ia His .liercy had spared him to tea rise from that little stone the niagui(i;eut building of which they were so justly proud, and ou which he could so heal Lily coogi Jlulule them. The congr-gatiou knciv lhe lives and sacrifice of the good nuns. Ihey are a pal t and parcel of the family life of the parish. Their iitllc children had leai ned lo love ihem as much ifnot mute than their own motheis. They imparled to the children an education which would compare favi.r-ibly willi any iustitu liny. Ihey hud been tried and not fouml anting .1- cdncalois in secular •ee as well as in the' sublime tiuths of L-luirch. Lhe work they had done spoke loude than teu thousand men could speak ou llleir belialf. He appealed to them to sluiw tbe icipcct and eslecni Ihey had far 'iiesc spenses of .Icsus Chiist, who presented lolhen children Uie pel feci pattern of Chris- Hail life. He appealed to them to show ths giatitude "f their miods ami give geneions pi not of their esteem and love by pres. nting lo the gnod filers tlliit convent free of debt. Hn coiiaiatul iteit lbe people on the beauti ful building Ihey had, and on the advantages melr cliij.ireu enjoyed, and very heartily, n,lend. angraiulitcj their pastor, whose *t labors had so successfully resulted, knew llow l:c had worked, how great the iely had been to him. and he was glad' t be could now bring aronnd him his nds to rejoice at the completion of a great k. He cjngiatulaled bis Lordship the ihbMirp not only oil this splendid etlort stalilislnncnt id a college for the th of the riioet e, 011 tl.-e inaugurated oi I he i-.o.ne for the sick and home of the sisters •it Xaxareth, and the establishment of '.he order Lo which lie (the speaker) belonged— the Kedcinplorist Fathers, aui included a powerful sennon by a fervent- appeal to lhe puple to show their gratitude to the rev. father, their love auj icspect to the spouses of Jesus Christ who insttneted their children up anil made them a comfort 10 their homes, a credit to the countrv and au ornament to the Konian Catholic Church. I'l-.e collection laksn up amounted to £'2S0. The evening seivice was performed by lhe Re,. I'. J. Ryan. At tbe Benediction, "O, S.ilutai ills'' and "Tautum ICrgo" weiesnng wiih great ell'ect by Miss Sheilo:k. MUs May Byrue presided at the organ. t ast evening the old boarding school scholars and pi eseut pubjls met to celebrate the completion of the conveut by speudiog en evening together with their fiiends. The gal tiering was a. very merry one, and a num ber of the present and fornur scholars con- It ilmled Lo lhe programme. lu congialulatiug the lioman Catholic denomination on the completion of so fine ao a 1 ohilecLijraI strnctuie and so important ao a-ljuncL tn lhe church, as well as so comp'etc an educational establishment, we may say that it is a credit to the Catholic community, a fitting tribute to tbe devotion aud piety of I he ladies who ha ve given their lives as a i-acritiee to the training of the children jf lhe denomination, and a lasting memoiisi of the zeal and energy of llie Rev. Father Meade. 