SONG AND STORY. , ? Humor and wit is a special prerogative of ?the Jews. Witticisms and anecdotes, ridiculous ?situations, foolstowns and jokers, all these are ?abundantly represented in the written ana unwritten stories of Jewish folklore. Many of these are naturally the same that are found ' while others are of native growth. A generation ago it was not unusual for pro fessional story-tellers to amuse audiences at weddings and other gatherings with anecdotes ?of all descriptions, and even Polish magnates ?were wont to listen with pleasure to the quaint inventions of Jewish jesters. Nor do the Jews dilfer much from their sur roundings in their superstitions and customs. They have rather more of them than theii neighbours, for they have more sources from fvhich to choose. The Jewish folklore images the sad history of the Jews, but at the same y-'' ? thev are in i;o way different from other ?people, that they are possessed ot the same virtures and the same weaknesses. The follow ing sketches, which, while embodying the superstitious, convey. a good moral:— THE GHOSTS IN A SYNAGOGUE. It was in Kalisch. A fiddler once passed by the syn&gogueat; midnight. He noticed that the doors were open. He started to close them, when he heard himself called to read from the Torah. He was afraid to enter and wanted to go his way, but he was as if nailed to the spot, His name was called again, and he was seized with a greater terror. He called out that he did not have his talith with him, but as he was called a third time and could not move back, he rushed inside. The temple was lit, rm as for the iuflgment day and was full of people. The ehasan stood on the rostrum in the middle and called out the name of him who was to read from the scrolls. He ascended the platform and said his prayer. The cliazan read a passage from the scrolls, while the fiddler almost fainted away. He felt as if he were choked by someone, and he thought to himself, ' I shall never get out alive from this assembly of the walking dead.' Tears trickled down his cheeks, and he cried : 'I vow that if I get out alive from here, I shall beg every Thursday garments and arbah kanforth for poor children.' He was allowed to go home He went to a rabbi and asked him what he had better do. The rabbi said : ' Do you remem ber everything that has happened ?' ' Yes.' | ' well, then, said tne [raDoi, yuur vu« « sacred, and you must keep it,' and as long as the fiddler lived he could be seen on Thursday begging for the garments and arbah kanfotli for po.or children. Even on the last Thursday before his death he did not neglect his duty. 