k GREAT WRONG; OB, THB MYSTERY OF B CAVK HOLIjOW ORANGFL CHAPTER YUL — Continued. The door of the chamber opened end Clo» tilde entered. Her young lady started up with an exclamation of delight, " Ah, Clotilde, my messenger has returned ; have you brought me a letter I" 41 fc o, miss, not a letter, only a card, oir Harry Tresham is in the Blue Drawing-room, and bpps that yon "will honor him with lutervie.w," Miss Trevethon b 'A her pretty lip in bitter cisappointmc&t.; How many of them are there, Clotilde, that beg to be hon ed7,%8he cried, pHuIantty ' it was Sir Hart well yesterday, it is Sir Barry to-day, and no donbt there will be Sir Somebody else to-morrow 1 Why didn't you say I. was engaged ?" Clotilde looked up &t; her imperious and beautiful mistress with imploring eyes. ' 1 wish you conld fancy one of them. Miss Lcnore," she said, wistfully ; "it might be better for you !" u So it might, Clotilde, but I can't do it, and I wish they ttoaldn't bother me. I must go dewn, I suppose, or we'll have Sir Harry back again to-morrow. Watch for the messenger, and take charge of any letters that Come." And the young lady swept out and down the stairs to meet her titled lover. He met -her almost at the door of thedraw- ing-room, a handsome gentleman, and one of 1 now why I am here, no doubt, before! tell vim ? T Am nrflm-oil nflf +r» Rplmnm ntl mnat leave England in a few days,! have come for my final answer." " Sir Harry, I thought you bad already re ceived it.?" smiled Miss Trevethon. The smile encouraged the ardent suitor, and be made bold to clasp the band he coveted, but she drew it away. " Ah, Miss Trevethou," be sighed, " do not trifle with inc. You would not If yon could read my heart." " I have no wish to trifle with you, Sir Harry. I gave you my answer a week ago." " Bat I come again, hoping you may revoke your decision." " J cannot I" " ilisB Trovetbon, may I ask why t I have heard that the marriage enjoined by youj late father's will is repugnant to you." "You have heard rightly, Sir Harry. It will never be formally solemnised by a legal cere- mony." 1 Then, will you not suffer me to hope, Miss Trevethon?" She looked up into his eager, impassioned face. " Sir Harry, do you know that by refusing to marry my cousin, I lose all my father's heritage I" she asked. The young nobleman bowed. " And yet you ask me to be your wife T" " 1 do, indeed. It is your peexhae self I want. Miss Trevethon ; my own wealth Is ample." She smiled Eoftly, and her eyes filled With tears. "Despite the mystery which hangs ovarmy poor father's name, you would give hi daughter the honor of bearing your own >" she murmured. " Oh, Miss Trevethou, is it possible that I understand you? Is there indeed hope for mo. !" cried "the young man, flushing with eager delight. She waved her fair hand with a gesture not to be misunderstood. " Nay, Sir Harry ; 1 really wish I conld re ward your generous love, but it cannot be? You see this tiny circle," and she drew from her bosom the golden chain from which the little marriage ring hung ; " it is a symbol of the bondage which I dare not break, which I would not if I could." " Then yon intend to many yonr cousin, Miss Trevethou I" " No, I shall never become Richmond Trevethon'e wife ; hut at the same time, I must consider forever sacred the cere mony which my father witnessed and sanc tioned." . " — Why, RteHe-reUuili, yon cumot mu that you will never marry I" She bowed her queenly head. " Sir Harry I shall never many. Sines I cannot take the husband of my father's chocs- in 2, 1 will have no other." He began an impatient remonstrance, bnt she cut him short. \- "Spare yourself the pain and me the hearing, Sir Harry, since yonr words an wasted. 1 repeat, 1 wish 1 could reward your generous love, but friendship is all I have to give." And thuB they parted as Miss Trevethou and half a score of her suitors had parted be fore. "That is over," she sighed, assheresscendsd the stairB. " 1 wonder if my heart is ice, that none of them bus power to move me 1 mate my chains, and- yet I would not break them if I could." Her guardian confronted her as she was passing the library door. " Ah, Leaore, my dear, 1 was on the point of sending for you. Come in ; I hare tome- thing to show you." She followed him in silence through ths stately library, and into the cedar boudoir beyond. " You have had a visitor, my dear !" he re marked, as he led her to a seat and prooeeded to draw aside the curtains. "Yes— Sir Harry Tresham," replied Lenore, indifferently. " Yes, yes ; I forgot to tell yon to expect him. He called on me yesterday with a second offer for your hand in marriage, and, of coarse, I referred him to you, 1 hope you gave the poor fellow a 6"»1 answer; he's dreadfully in earnest, and it is cruel to keep him in suspense." " I gave him a final answer, Sir Geof frey." "Ah, that was right. You refused him, of couisc, my dear?" Miss Trevetbon's eyes began to flash, but she bit her lip, and answered, quietly : " I refused him." "I am glad of that, my dear. And now I have a little surprise for yon. X have been planning it for weeks, my dear, and I trust you will be pleased. Now, look here." He drew aside the silken hangings whieb operated the ceder boudoir from a smallante- rooro and Lenore barely suppressed a cry of surprise and admiration at the sight that greeted her eyes. The entire room was io a shimmer of silks and laces ; robes of the costliest fabrics and most exquisite designs, a bridal veil sb-t shone like boar frost, surmounted bya wnath of orange-bloom, on an inlaid table a massbf fallen stars. Sir Geoffrey watched her for an Instant with eager eyes, and then continued : "You can guess what all these Anerira mean, of course ? Your bridal trousseau, Mis Trevethou, and a more extravagant one never touched English shores. And there sre your jewels, all reset and rearranged, and the queen could not wish a finer selection. I hope you are pleased, my dear 7" Lenore stood silent a moment from sheer amazement, then she raised her cool, mli» eves to ber guardian's face. " I must give you credit for your taste in selection, Sir Geoffrey," she replied. "Ths trouss -au could not be more elegant ; but-jt would have been wiser to have consulted me before you ordered it. You bare wasted con siderable money to no purpose.'' " Really, now, my love' ths baronet pe- sponded, 'you are the first woman I ever met who fount fault with berweddingfineiy \- because it cost too much money. I fancied you would be pleased at that. However, set yonr mind at case, for you can well. afford thvoutiay. I have managed your fortune well, and the income has been sufficient for all the expense 1 have recurred, whilst the principal remains intact." The girl curled her lip in indignant seoxn. " Fray, dc not affect to misunderstand me, BurUebffrey," she saia. - 10 a xno w my mean ing welL I do not object to the outlay. There was no need to order the trousseau, for I shall never wear it." "Why, Lenore, my love, what ran yon mean?," " You<knoir.«ir; but you shall hear again If jsnYikpX mean this : that I'. have' no nenf wedaingrrphes, because 1 shall never Pshaw jmydeaf fthatffigmaraSfe I " am in earoSni|Ylifigh- ; lands 1 taUn%era%eiginir:inarry your som-Ttgrieves me foqisooeyniy father's will, and I am raprry to-.take the|TreeUion wealth bnt of your hahds. Sir Gepfoey, but there ii no help tor it.- You knbwtne, and when I tell you that T have fully decided, you will not seek to induce me to change my mind, for it would be a mere waste of word." She arose to leave the boudoir, but her gnardian faced her, a curious change coming over bis smiling face. " You mean that I shall understand, then, that you refuse to marry my son ? " "Idol" " What if I Command yon ? " She laughed in imperial scorn. " If I dare disobey my dead father's com mand, I shall not hesitate to disobey yours, siil" ' What it 1 force you ? " Her eyes flashed defiance. "Force, 8ir Geoffrey? Do you venture to ate such a word f You cannot force me 1 If yon presume to try, I shall resist and defy youl" "I mm your guardian, and my power is supreme I Girl, you will do well to submit to my wishes. I have granted you every in dulgence all your life; but you shall not thwart mc in this- Do ydu think will suffer whim of yours to make, my only, son a asoeobey yonr dead father's will and marry "And I tell yon I will not, sir," she an swered, fearlessly. He caught ber arm, and held it with a grip that bruised the delieate flesh ; his cruel eyes glared upon her like the eyesofawild beast; his breath scorched ber f eetb. '"You fool," he hissed in her ear, "if yon resist toy will / will murder yen!" The girl tore herself free of his band, all the dauntless blood of her race glowing io her fair cheeks. " You coward J"she cried, "to insult and threaten a woman, and one of your own name. But," she added, as she turned towards the door, "yon are notaTrevethon ; there is some mistake. You and yonr son are alike ; you do not come of my race, for they were all brave and chivalrouB gentle men." He sprang at her with a cry like a growl of a panther. " What? "he gasped, clntchingat her dress. "What do you say J Do you dare imply that I am not a Trevethon ? " She tore ber skirts free, leaving the silken fragments in his hands. " I say you are a coward, sir, and your son inherits your fine qualities, she repeated, her voice ringing like a trumpet ; " and I do not believe one drop of the Trevethon blood rnns in yonr veins." She strode like an empres from the library, and he stood where she left him, his face white, his eyes glaring. " What does she mean I " he panted. " If I thought she suspected the truth she Bhould not live an hoar." Lenore went straight to her spaxtmsate and rang for Clotilde. " I shall not dress," she said quietly. "Yon can have my dinner sent up. I shall be busy this evening and shall need your assistance, I want my best clothing packedup, for I shall leave Lyndith Hall to-morrow." " Miss Lenore 1 " "Yes, Clotilde, I am going. Sir Geoffrey and I have quarrelled, and I mnst leave Lyn dith Hall." The woman's eyes filled with tears. " My poor, dear child, where will yon go?" Lenore put forth her slim hand and patted her attendant's pale cheek. " Don't fret, Clotilde," she said ; " I shall find a home somewhere. The little brown birds live in the hedges, Bnd not a sparrow falls without God's notice. Are we not worth more than many sparrows 1 We shall not starve or perish from cold I Of coarse, Olo- ranUfsVonMn%<>wlMini>'rl fflw .woman (clasped, her band with n gea- tare of unutterable nain, her eyes full' of a dumb misery that was terrible to see. Lenore looked at her in utter astonishment. "Why, what is the matter with you, Clo tilde? " she cried. " For pity's sake ' don't wear such a face as that _ Yon need not go with me unless you are willing. I was sore you wonld be, or I would not have mentioned It" "I am willing. Oh, Miss Lenore, I would follow you to the ends of the earth," the poor creature sobbed, " but— hut— I dara not I " " You dare not Clotilde ? and why, pray 1 Do you fear Sir Geoffrey ? You need not look so terrified. Answer me. Why do you fear to go?" uou i asx me, suss lienors 1 a cannot answer." The ntter agony of the poor sonl's manner made Miss Trevethon pity heri impatient as be was of such mystery. " Well, X will not seek an explanation," sht replied, " and you can remain behind. But yon will assist me with the packing, I hope. I wish to leave to-morrow, and desire to get among people who have no disguises. The people in this house all wear masks, it seems to me." " Do not blame me, Hibs Lenore/' faltered Clotilde, as she set about her task. " Do not blame you for being so silly, Clo tilde f WeU.lsupposelshouldnot. Are there any letters for me this evening? " In silence Clotilde bent over the trunk ehe was beginning to arrange. - "Clotilde, did any letters come this even ing ? " repeated her young mistress," - The woman made no answer. Miss Trevethon turned upon her withflaah- ing eyas. " Clotilde, why is if that yon do not answer my question ? " she demanded. The woman turned round, kneeling as she was, and and Raised her streaming eyes. " Miss Lenore, forgive me, but 1 cannot answer." " You cannot answer ? " repeated the young lady, her temperrising. " Are you demented? 1 tell yoa you shall answer me. Did any letters come? " Clotilde' ashen lips uttered no sound. "I see, I see," cried Lenore bitterly " tbey did come, and yon have given tbem into Sir Geoffrey's hands. Ah, yon cannot deny iti You side with my enemy you, Clotilde, whom I have loved since my in fancy I I expected better things of you than to desert me in my hour of trial." \- " Ob, heaven 1 was not my oup already full to the brim ? " moaned the woman, letting hex AesdlaUflRWaia onher arinS, ".Ooufirabt this have been spared "me 7" - .. \- " Get .up," Miss "Trerethon commanded, "Yon need not trouble with the packing; I want no traitorous services. Leave me and go to your master. Go, .1 command yon! and never' Sue ttf conie into" toy presence again." ' " Without a word Clotilds'aroie and crept out of the room. Lenore sank into , the -chair and (. looked out of her window onthe wintayseahelow. " Xbe entire household is inieague jBgaiiist me," she murm»uBd,'aiid-Gie"«a6niMlgo the better. I wonld' leave at once Only thenight is so near. HI could haye got -thB letter I should have nothing to regret, lamalmost sure It came. Well, I'll go fo ficotla'nd to- morrowand.see if I canrio|.iuseertain. Sir Geofirey Trevethon shall becalled to account for Ids .high-handed measures if he ha dared to intercept my private correspond' en ne, 1 ,, . -- „. » - a it,- « /(_. a MeanWhilt poor Clotilde, fifteen frok the. presence of the mistress, she, idolised, made her noiseless way to a sinaU' smoMng-robm" that adjoined the library. 8he hesitated for some minutes when she reached the door, a curious expression in. her poor, Worn face, and then she tapped twice or thrice. " Come in," answered a gruff voice, . , , She tamed tH xnou a-o entered. Yhi room was a coxy little den, : lxurioosly fur nished, and hong with sporting pictures of a low character. On a velvet couch, wrapped in ah elegant Turkish gown, reposed the young heir of the house, Richmond Treve thon, a cigar between his lips, and a sms.ll table, an which were a decanter of brandy and a glass, drawn up beside him. He turned -as Clotilde stole in, and gave an impatient glance. "What the deuce do you want!" he do imanded. Her face was a study as she stood for an instant and looked at him, her faands'prcsscd hard Against her heart. Pain, unutterable love, and piteona despair filled ber faded yes. The young man arose, leaned oh his e? Vw. and glared across the room. " I Bay, what the deuce do you wnt? Why do you stand there and gape et me like a fool? Out with your business and take your ghost-face out of my sigh." Tbc poor creature winced and shrank avnp as if a keen blade had pierced her. " Think of the titr,e when he lay upon mi heart a blessed Infr.nt," she murmured, nudci her breath, her yearning eyes still fixed upor his face. The baronetfs son, losing all patience caught up he glass from the table with brutal oat',. " Oat with your business, I say," h- thundered, "and take yourself off. The «igbt o. you makes my blood run cold. I'd as so n see a corpse as your tallow face. Dc you hear me? Speak quickly or 111 let a raj of light into your thick skull." " I beg your pardon, sir, ehe faltered, creeping a step nearer. " I came to speak to you about Miss Trevethon." The young man put down the glass, and a look of interest filled his inflamed eyes. "Well, what of Miss Trevjethon?" faede- jmanded. JlHhe.iaxioming.jto ber senses- no .will, Clotilde went on, made bold by the «vpo vi Buviug luc miDiresa sue iqreu, ouo - will be miserable for life if you force her to become your wife ; and yet, if ehe refuses, she loses all ber father's wealth." . " Curse you 1 don't I know that? Is that all yon hare to say?" roared the hopeful heir. '' If you would only have patience and hear me," continued Clotilde, ber very heart in ber month, yet resolute to accomplish her object. " If you would only be generous, sir, and not hold ber to that marriage of her childhood. You might refuse to marry her, you see, sir, and release her from all obliga- - tions to you, and then she could still hold her fortnne, and I am sureBhe would reward you handsomely, and yon wonld be both so much happier." " Did she Bend you here with that non sense ?" interrupted her hearer. " Indeed, fair, no. It occurred to me that if you refused her, instead of tie refusing yon, the fortune need not puss ont of her hands ; and I thought — " " Take that for your impudence," cried Richmond, bis face purple with rage ; and seizing the glass again he sent it flying at the woman's head. . She dodged it with a suppressed shriek of terror, and it fell with a crash at Sir Geof frey's feet as he entered the smoking-room. Seeing Clotilde his eyes took on their wild glare, and Btalking np to the poor cowering creature, he clutched her arm with a force that extorted a cry of pain from her ashen lips. " What's this ? What are you doing here f" he demanded. " Why, she's here to persuade me to refuse to marry Miss Trevethon," pnt in the son, sinking back into his reonmbent position, " and I threw the glass at her. I wish yon would send her out of the house. I can't see why you want such a dough-face about you." " 1 can see," the baronet replied. " I have work for her to do, Clotilda, follow me to the library." She looked at him as he uttered the com mand, and she cowered and crept after him like a beaten cur. " Have you broken your oath ? Have you dared to tell my son ?" demanded Bir Geof frey, as he closed the library door. "No, I have not broken my oath, Ihava not told him." The words dropped from her ashen lips la husky whispers. " It is well for you," the baronet mads answer, clutching her braised arm again jo»i«ten.A yen dig » deat&iof; Rixi|g'eriiig'ttwrtwre;1H , " I have suffered that for years. Oh, Heaven, will the end never comet" she moaned. He threw her from him with brutal force. " Silence 1" he thnndered. " No whimper, ing. Sit down and hear me ; I have work foi you." Without a word she regained her feet, and eat down in the seat he indicated, her bandf folded, her ashen face like stone. CHAPTER IX. LENORE SWALLOWS TBS SAIT. The next morning Lenore sat in deep thought at her chamber window, half in clined to send for Sir Harry Tresham. and repudiate the marriage of her youth by ac cepting him. She felt herself alone in the world, and the sense of desolation brought tears to her eyes. She arose as the breakfast bell rang, hur riedly dried her eyes, and went down to meet her guardian. He received her at the door of the break fast parlor with a pleasant smile and a pro, found bow. " My dear Lenore," he began at once, " 1 have been waiting for yon this -hour, to beg your pardon. I am a passionate man, my dear, and my temper and my disappointment got the bettor of me yesterday. You will forgive me, my dear, and forget my hasty words?" The yoang lady bowed frigidly, "It matters little. Sir Geoffrey," she re plied, "whether I forgive or not. Your words of yesterday have changed our rela tions for all time. I leave Lyndith TT«n to day." A curious smila was visible in the baronet's gray eyes. " Lenore, my dear child — " "I leave Lyndith Hall to- day," interrupted his ward. No word of yours, Sir Geoffrey, can induce me to remain ; hence, I beg you will not trouble me with importunities. The Trevethon wealth - yon can manage as you see fit, (until it passes out of S or hands. Henceforth the small income I me by my dear mother will suffice for me; and now, if yon please, I will have my break fast." — She swept by him and into the breakfast room. "Ax the queen wills," smiled Sir Geoffrey, witha second bow. The baronet's eon was not present. He had left ihe Hall at an early hour to ride with thehounds from Deerhurst, a country seat \- " My dear Leaore," began that worthy gentleman, stirring his coffee, " if you must EeaveXyndith Hall this morning, may I V where you purpose going I" " I have not yet decided asto my destina tion," answered Lenore, coolly, "and if I had Sir Geoffrey, I am quite sure I should not gratify your curiosity. As I told you a minute ago; your words of yesterday have changed our relations forever. When a man (1 will not say gentleman. Sir Geoffrey, for gentlemen never insult women) insults ma onc I make ita point to give him no chance - to repeat the. indignity. You insulted and threatened.me yesterday, sind henceforthyou and I are strangers." The baronet's face whitened and.his eyre Cashed, but he bowed again, and repeated, -0" . CTebe Oontinuedl) A gentleman called open a friend in the country who is -an engineer and on adept t all kinds of mechanical contrivances. ' Your -front gate is very hard to open,' he said on entering, " yon onght'to get it altered.' 'Not I, indeed.' ' Why not?' 'Because everyone who comes through >t" lifts two baskets of - water into the home.' Or all tire reigmngBovemgns of the earth, the Czar of - Rossis possesses 'the greatest aumberoftitles, - " - 