IOTES ON CURRENT EVENTS.. I notice that the Government has 'finally completed its scheme for dealing in compre hensive fashion with the unemployed diffi culty. Under this plan it is hoped that work of some kind will be provided for all who want to work, and — what is equally to the purpose — for those who don't want to work. This is all right so far as it goes, and the result will no doubt be satisfactory so long as the colony is not overrun with unemployed from other colonies. But, as the old woman said when speaking in terms oF satisfaction at her daughter's maniage, 'There's aye a something — she hates her man/' I must admit surprise at finding, tacked on to the nev^ scheme, a proposal to legislate for do mestics. Surely this is unnecessary. If there be one wage- earner iu Australia who is independent of that monster the employer, if there be one person who rules the household with a rod. :of iron, at whose lightest threat of going away the housemother trembles, it is the mode rately-competent domestic. If she be really proficient in her calling, and nob a tyrant withal, thea is she a jewel whose price is be yond rubies, and her employer is her willing slave. This being so, what the deuce does she want with legislation on her behalf ? * * * * A writer in a Riverina journal writes : — ' What pig changed Doodle Cooma to Henty, and Green's Gunyah to Lockhart ? And now they're making Demondrille (a beautiful word) into Redbridge. Nimityballe will next be called Beid, Adamioaby will be O'Sullivan, Stywogah is to be Hayes, and I think Jerilderie could well afford to be called Dam, or Weir, or See.' I cannot recognise any speoial beauty in the title ' Green'B Gunyau,' which is after all little better than ' Jones's Humpy,' and lias no greater pretensions to euphony. So far as the native names are concerned, I am, however, quite in sympathy with the writer. At the same time there are some placea in the district which, to a person driving over them in winter time, might not inappro priately be denominated by one of the titloa sarcastically suggested for Jerilderie. In fact, when a buggy is stuck up to the axle in black mud, the word comes as it were in stinctively to the lips of the driver, and thus may be regarded as Nature's name for the locality. ? * * * A report from America records a painful example of misdirected energy. It appears that in a certain poorhouse paupers suffering from severe colds were supplied with a cough mixture, one of the constituents of which was alcohol. In its normal condition the mixture was not intoxicating. The main ingredients were rum and molasses, but the molaBses pre ponderated so largely that comparatively little joy was obtained from tha compound. One of the patients, however, applied him aelf to the task of separating the component parts of the mixture. Says a contemporary: — ' One man liked his mm neat, and got it when be placed the bottle of cough syrup on the window sill in the sun. He discovered that the molasses came to tho top, and the report, to make the matter clear, adds that the ram was left at tho bottom. Then the scientist got a straw, and ir-- sertiDg it below tho molasses, sucked up the rum from the bottom In a laboratory the discovery and the application of it might be applauded, but in the Oneida County Homo there was nought but discouragement for the investigator, nnd his area of iniquity is more limited than ever,' If this expert was lot Ioobo in some of the threepenny bars in Sydney with carte blanche to eliminate- tho true whisky from its vitriolic environment in a threepenny nob bier, ho would find it probably moro difficult to obtain tho wherewithal of a 'real good time ' than when operating on the Oaeida cough mixture. * -'* * »» * To cast any slur on the efforts of the tem poranco organisations would not only be an ungenerous act, but it would also bo o, work. of supererogation, seeing that the love of ou teetotal friends for aqua pura could hardly be lessened by throwing cold water upon fcheir endeavors. In view, however, of the very energetic denunciation of strong liquor to which we were receutly treated, I ain con Btrained to put forward another view of the question. A learned German professor has proved that the quarrelsome tendency of Btrange lots of swine may be overcome by plying the animals with cheap spirits when tirat turned into the pen together. The beasts are made mellow, and when the re suiting sleep has passed they wake fully acquainted and at peace with all and sundry. Now this is a very important discovery. It ia obviously against the interests of society that swine should be pugnacious, and' lovers of peace will be at one with me when I urge that no means of checking this unhappy ten dency should be neglected. I may add that in the case of some human subjects it ia not uncommon to find that liquor has a similar effecfc. I have myself known men who, when sober, would quarrel with a cat, . and; yet after, Bay one little half bottle of whisky, they would, in the most kindly fashion, cuddle a lamp-pcsfc. On the other hand, it is only fair to admit that some men get peevish and irritable in their cups. There ia, however, after the German profes sor's discovery, no getting away from the fact that strong liquor is really a most excellent thing for quarrelsome pigs. * # * * My total abstinence friends will be glad to \- know, that in the South African campaign Tomrr.y Atkins eschews liquor, He would'nt touch the horrid stuff even if his life depended 'on it. Of course, there are exceptions, but they are few and far between, and one of the most beautiful incidents in the annals of the war is the appended touching example of fidelity to Blue Ribbon principles. When Oronje was taken, there was a wild thrill of joy, and some departure from the accustomed abstinence v-ould have been excusable. Did our gallant soldiers drink 1 Not much. Not, indeed, any. One man, and one man only fell. He was an officer's servaut and was dis covered aioriously happy, delightfully drunk. His comrades kept hitting and punching him and asking him where he had found the liquor, it evidently being their firm intention to destroy it. fie refused, however, to an Bwer a word until his master found him, and seizing him by the shoulder, shook him and exclaimed with eager face ' ' Good Heavens, Jones, where the devil did you get it ? ' And Jones answered drunkenly to an eager crowd of expectant officra and men ?' Meth' lafced Shpirits, Shir. I'sh found in the \- waggon.' Whereupon ten eager voices asked. ' Isthere any left.' 'No ; finished whole blooming lotsh.' And then his com rades gently kicked him for a cur. LIPPON DAIRN. Wak Relics. — In the window of the office of this journal may be seen some fragments of a Boer Bhell sent from South Africa by . Mr. George Arthur to his relations in Albury. Joshua's Boomerang Brandy. — This liquor ia apparently growing in popularity. The director of army contracts in England has, we understand, obtained a supply for the. use of the Imperial trocps in South Africa. Corowa Deep Lead. —The varying quality of the. ground at the Deep Lead Mine is greatly retarding the progress of driving. Since last report the drive is now in 262 feet, ?and the country still continuoa hard with numerous quartz leaders, WoDONGA AND THE PLAGUE PRECAUTIONS. ?—The people of Worlonga are very much opposed to the idea of making that town a quarantine centre for plague cases. In another column will be found a report of a public meeting held on Wednesday night. A Corowa Wedding. — The marriage of Dr. William Bogg, son of Mr. James Begg, of Corowa, New South Wales, with Maud Mary, second daughter of Mr. J. F. Daniell, Dunse verick, Bast St. Kilda, will take place at All Saints' Church, St. Kilda, on Saturday, April 1 28, at 2 p.m. The Weather. —Rain Ret in again on Sunday night, 20 points being registered on Monday morning. The fall continued at intervals all day on Monday, and on Tuesday when the weather cleared another 39 points had been registered, making considerably over half an inch for tho two days. A Centenarian. — The neighborhood of Adelong has always been known as a healthy locality, and its people — some of them at all events — are living up to the, reputation of the place. From the local paper we learn that Mr. WilliamB, sen., now residing at Adelong Crossing, will attain the ripe age of 100 years on the 3rd May. Illness of the Premier. — We regret to learn that tho Premier waa not at all well on Wednesday, though he remained nt the office ns long as possible attending to public duties, Ho was not able, however, to undertake the trip to Bathurst, which had been arranged, and the Chief Secretary, Mr. See, left by the mail train on Wednesday night in his place. An Upper Murkay Wedding. — Tho mar riage of Mr. Mark Ell wood, of Talgarno Park, and Miss It. M. Smalo, lato hoad teacher of the Talgarno State School, is an nounced. The bridge and bridogroom are well known and highly-respected throughout the distriot The ceremony was performed at Holy Trinity Church, Kensington, by the Rev. A. J D e.vett, formerly Church of England clergyman ab Wodonga. ' ? Land for, Selection. — The Government Gazette contains a notification of a number of blocks of land available for homestead selec tion at Sandy Creek on the Wagga line, wifchin a short distance of Uranquinty. The blocks range in area from 240 to 571 acres, and will become available on and after 7bh June. A spooial meeting of the Land Board will be held at Wagga Wagga on 18th June to deal with all applications. Corowa Licensed Victuallers' Race Club. — The Licensed Victuallers' Race Club intend holding their annual race meeting on the 16th prox. The secretaryship is in the hands of Mr. Shelly Smith, whose experi ence in this sort of work will leave nothing to be desired. An attractive programme of six events will be runoff, particulars of which will be found in this issue of the Banner, and with fine weather the meeting should prove a success. Correction. — In another part of this issue appears an article descriptive of the Kinross Estate, by ' Bruni' in the Australasian. Since the article was in type, and too late for alteration, we discovered a slight inaccuracy. It is stated that ' 14Jd. was realised for a large portion of the fleece wool.' This is not quite correct. It should say 4f an aver age of 14£«I. for 638 bales, the first instal ment of the clip, which included fleece, bellies, pieces, and locks.' The whole clip last year was 1485 bales. Lawn Tennis. — A match took place on the Albury ground last Saturday between teams representing the Wangaratta and Albury Lawn Tennis Clubs. After a good game in the course of which Wangarrata established a strong lead for the first two hours, Albury proved victorious. The visi tors were subsequently entertained at dinner ab the Albury hotel in the evening, the chair being occupied by Mr. J. Wilkinson, president of the local club. Mr. Stacy cap tained the Albury players, Mr. Ahearn act ing in the same capacity for the visitors. The Flower Show. — The annual exhibi tion of the Albury Horticultural Society took place on Tuesday at the Mechanics' In stitute. The heavy rain of the previous day made the conductors a little anxious, but Tuesday proved a typical autumn day, and thus a most important essential Co success was assured. The display of flowers was better than has been seen at any autumn show for several years past, many of the exhibit* being of a character, that would entitle them to good places in a metropolitan exhibition. There was not, however, very much competi tion, many of the prizes being awarded for single entries from one individual exhibitor. Bazaar At Mulwala. — A bazaar in aid of the School of Arts was held last week at Mulwala. The local paper reports that ow ing to the state of the weather the attendance of the public was not so large, on the opening day, as it otherwise would have been ; but on the following Monday and Tuesday, the hall was densely packed. The stalls were presided over by Mesdames Ray, Green, and Dennis, Miss Sebastian, and Messrs. Green and Smart. Such goods as remained unsold on the closing day were disposed of by auction. The financial result of the enterprise is not yet ascertained definitely, but it is expected to be very satisfactory to the promoters. A Flood at Junee.— During a heavy thunderstorm at Junee on Monday there w.vs a fall of an inch and a half of rain in leas than an hour. The local water-tables were quite unequal to the task of carrying away the water, and the consequence was that a num ber of business places and private houses were flooded. In one of the streets there was a stream a foot deep running like a mill race. No great damage was done to property in the town, though many persons were put to a good deal of trouble and inconvenience. A wash away occurred, however, on the South western railway near Marrar, and traffic for the time was stopped. Another washaway occurred near Old Junee. Woolscouring. — Many old patrons of Mr. G. F. Sugden will ba interested in the fact that the exigencies of a growing business, and a determination to keep abraast of the times, have necessitated large additions and improvements to his woolscouring works at Narandera. Oue important feature of the alterations will be the introduction of a system of drying the wool in the building, which will make the operation independent of weather conditions, and so expedite tho work, besides affording a safeguard agaiuat damage from the duststorms sometimes ex perienced in the locality. The erection of fche necessary appliances will bt- completed in the course of a few months, and every thing will thus be ready before the new clip conies in. Manures and Manuring. — The secretary of the Barnawartha Vine and Fruitgrowers' Association has written to the Minister of Agriculture, requesting that gentleman to permit Dr. Howell, expert in the chemistry branch of the Agricultural Department, to deliver a lecture on ' Manure and manuring,' under the auspices of the association. ? Should the request ba accoded to, publicity will bo given as to tho date of tho lecture, and it will bo a benefit to every agriculturist in the district to be present, whether he is engaged in farming or vitioulturo. There is no dis guising the fact that in either case ib is necessary to place some stimulant ia the liuid, .??%-.'-.-.^.T.v- ? ? ? and Dr. Howell is no doubt in a position to give information aa to the sort of man urea to use oq different soils. . The Lottery Act.— Two of the audience at a traveling show up Newcastle way got into trouble rather easily the other day. On Tuesday, in the Summons Division of the Oity Court, Sub-inspector Hinds proceeded against Daniel Ooyle and George Carruthers for having committed a breach of the Lotteries Act. It appeared from the evi dence that the proprietor of a waxworks and minstrelsy show was recently fined for pro mising to dispose of a suite of furniture among patrons of performances by lottery, and that after his conviction he asked the audience to appoint a committee of 10, to whom he would hand the suite of furniture. The defendants were among those selected as commibteemen, and the prize was subse quently drawn for in au hotel. Coyle was fined £2 and Carruthers £1, with costs. An Australian Musician. — In a London paper to hand by the last mail tiiere appears the appended reference to a talented Austra lian musician, who, if we are not mistaken, has some relatives in Albury: — ' We had a call this week from Ernest Toy, L.R.A.M., the young Queensland violinisb. who has recently returned from Australia. During his absence he toured through New Zealand with his own concert company with great success, and gave upwards of 50 concerts in the North and South Islands. On his return to Australia he played at numerous towns in New South Wales and Queensland, and ho was instrumental in forming a school of music on Charters Towers^which he has- left in a flourishing conditiou. Mr. Toy has re turned with the express object of further pursuing his studies, and to this end he will shortly go to Berlin to study under Dr. Joachim.' Crown Grants. — It is notified in the Gazette that deeds of grant under the Real Property Acb are now ready for delivery to the undermentioned persons. Applications on printed forms may be obtained at the Crown Lands Office. The signature of grantee must be attested by a magistrate : — John F. Barnes and others, 21a 2r, parish Cootamundry: James Colquhoun, 3* lr 12p, Mungabarina ; Thomas Dalton, In 2r and 2r, Howlong ; Edward Gason, 3r 30p and 3r 30Jp. do ; Lawrence Gilson, la lr 25p, do ; Frledrich Gollasch and others, 5a, Lockhart ; Bernhard Hoffman, 2r, do ; Win. El. Lumby, 37a lr, Burraja ; Robert M'Micking, 40a, 49a, 160a, and 76a, Manus ; Alfred Orme, 2r, Lockhart ; Caroline E. A. Smith, la. 2r and la 2r 12p, Gerogery ; James Thomson, ir 22£p, Tumbarumba; Charles Walden, two lots of 2r each, Tocumwal. Stealing and Killing Dogs. — A curious charge of fraud was investigateda few days since at the Adelong Police Court, when two young men were charged with stealing and killing two dogs the property of Mr. S. Smith, of Bago. The evidence adduced went to show that the dogs were takeu from the Royal Hotel, where they had been chained up, on the night of the 4th iust. Next moruing the skins were brought to Mr. Purcell by the accused, who said they were skins of sheep- killing dogs for which the association gives £3 each. Mr. Purcell is the agent appointed for purchasing skins of stray dogs found on the run. He declined to pay as he knew the skins to be those of Mr. Smith's dogs. The Bench held fehe offence to be proved, and ordered the accused to pay each a fine of £5, £7 10s., half the value of the dogs, 3s. 8d. costs, and 15s. witnesses expenses ; in all £26 17a. 4'i., in default two months' in gaol. The fine was paid. ? The New Land Act — A lebber appears in a recent issue of the Wagga Wagga Express, criticising the new method of dealing with applications for land, as provided in the Laud Act of 1899. The author who writes under the signature of 'Selector' condemns the new system on several grounds. He contends that the examination of applicants involves so serious an expenditure of time, that iu cases where there happened to be a large number of conflicting applications, the method would be practically unworkable. The Board would be absolutely unable to cope with the work. He also takes exception to the inquisitorial nature of the examinutiou, as involving an irritating exposure of the applicant's private affairs. He further suggests thai the inquiry tends to induce perjury, and he states that as the decision of the Board is final and subject to no appeal, unsuccessful applicants a e in clined to suspect bhe influence of favoritism, which of course is impossible under the ballot system. The New Land Board Inquiries.— In reference to the recenc sitting of the land board at Wagga ? Wagga, a correspondent of the Herald says :— The local land board aat for the purpose of dealing with the conflict ing homestead applications for eight forfeited selections ab Ganmain. Under che new Act the board has to examine each individual ap plicanb with regard to qualifications, more especially with reference to the amount -of capital, stock, plant, fur mi tig, exporionco, and number of family processionally. Ib is considered most inquisitorial, tedious and un satisfactory, and is strongly objected to by all coucorned. The applicants originally numbered 30, but 12 failed to appenr. The botird dealt with 10 and then adjourned to consider tho claim*, Next morning the board announced that ballots would be neces sary in only two oasos, where tiie qualifica tions of the applioant8 appeared equal. In the other cases the blocks were allotted to those considered the most deserving appli cants. The disappointed selectors were strongly condemnatory of the new Bystetn. Spiritual Manifestations at Waran gesda. — Our correspondent writes : — Waran- gesda (' Home of Mercy ') has no ghost, and does nob wiah to conjure up one ; never theless, certain inexplicable nocturnal noises are heard in the old store-room which entitle that antique structure to the distinction of being haunted. Your correspondent can bear audible testimony to this fact, and his testi mony is all the more valuable in that, not having been previously apprised of the mat ter, he was not predisposed by nervous ap prehensions to objectify what might be only a subjective experience. Unquestionably, on Saturday night last there was a continuous ? tap, tap, tap heard in a certain direction not far away, which tap, tap, tap has been re peatedly heard by others on whose word the utmost reliance can be placed. Asa matter of course the seeming mystery has been rigorously enquired into, but every attempt at solution has hitherto failed. The darkies have no hand in the affair, for they are a timid,, superstitious race, frightened at the dark, and sum up the situation as ' bug geen,' i.e., handiwork of the'Debbil Debbil. A Valuable Fodder Plant. — Among r new grasses recently mtroduced into Aus tralia, one of the most valuable would appear to be the paspalum dilitatam, which is said to effectually resist the attacks of frost and drought. A Shepparton paper says : — *' One grower, after cutting ib down, ran a fire over ib, and even afber that severe treatment it was not affected, and grew as vigorously as ever. It is not hard and wiry like several other grasses, but soft and succulent, and cattle will eat every part of ib. It stands any amount of grazing, and trampling of stock does nof affect it. Ib should not be sown until spring, say September or October, according to the district, and when all .danger of frost is over, as when once estab lished it will stand almost anything. It; was originally introduced into this colony by the late Baron Von Mueller, and is commonly known as the Leiolmrdt grass. Ib is said to have yielded 13 tons 7cwt. to the acre in one Cise where it was successfully grown. In all seasons good pasture may be obtained from this grass, if not overstocked. It is a singular circumstance that the good proper ties of muny of our valuable native grasses are better understood and more highly appre ciated in California than they are here.' Shirley's Manure Exhibit — The Royal Agricultural Society has awarded the s'old medal to Mnssrs. Geo. Shirley and Co., of Sydney, for the excellence of their manures. This we believe is the only occasion on which any firm has been go highly honored. The award says, ' Ib is nob possible to award a prize on the outward appearance of a manure, the award therefore is based upon bhe many splendid prize exhibits of farm and other produce, grown with this firm's fertilisers, extending over a number of years, and may . ? be taken as a guarantee that the award is well merited. ' Agriculturists know to their coab how easily an inferior manure can be manipulated, and we congratulate the society upon the caution displayed iu the award. Mr. Shirley was kept busy explaining the use of fertilisers, but it was nob necessary to theorise, for the pavilion exhibits of grain, vegetables, and potatoes displayed many valuable prize trophies grown with his firm's manure. Amongst the many exhibitors were Mr. W. T. Nixon (who took silver medal), Messrs. Arthur Yates and Co., the well known seed merchants, Coolangabta Estate, and many others who are customers of Geo. Shirley and Co. Statistical. — We have received a copy of Auslralasum Statistics, 1S99, from Mr. Oogh lan, Government Statist. Ttiis deals with population and vital atatistics under the fol lowing headings :— Population on December 31, 1S99, with rate of increase during year ; births and deaths during 1899 ; arrivals in departures from each colony during 1899 ; sources of increase of population during 1899 ; increase of population from census of 1891 to end of 1899 ; population on December 31, 1S60 to 1899 ; proportion of population iu each colony, 1S60 to 1899. Referring to these subdivisioiislwa find that the population of New South Wales on December 31 last was 1,356,650. This shows an increase of 1.71 per cent., the increase in Victoria being only 0.22 per cenb. The increase in West Ausbralia and New Zealand is a little larger than in New South Wales, but, curiously enough, Tasmania heads the list with agrowth of 2.S8 per cent. This is probably attribu table to an influx of miners caused by receub mining developments in the island. In the birth rate New South Wales heads tlie list, tho number being 3G.508, against 31,008 in Victoria. In the de»Uu-rato, on the other hand, with tho singlo exception of New Zea land, New Soubh Wales shows the most satisfactory roturus. Tho rate here is 11.82 por cant., against 12.17 iu South Australia, 12.20 in bealthy Tasmania, 12.58 in Queens land, 13.76 in West Australia, and 14.28 in Victoria. New South Wales has gained iu population by the excess of arrivals over de partures 2200, and in this respect is beaten by Queonslaud and Tasmania. Victoria has lost 11,830. For the whole of Australia tho distribution of Australasia is as follows : — New South Wales 30.26 per cent, Victoria 2o.9o, Queensland 10.76, Smith Australia 8.27, Wesb Australia 3.S2, Tasmania 4,07, Now Zealand 16. S7* 