CHAPTER XXIX. A BAFFLED MAS. With those last words, Philip made a low obeisance, and was gone from the room almost before Lady Elaine could collect her scattered, astonished senses. But his white, agonised face, ins trembling, pallid lips, his suppressed tones, and the convulsive hearing of his chest, haunted her the whole night through. She could not sleep, but lay tossing restlessly upon her pillow hour after hour. She reproached herself over and over again for the harsh and scornful lan guago which she had used to him, and test condemned for having manifested so much aversion and so little Christian chanty. Yet, when she reviewed all Arley's sad story, she could not feel that any thing, however severe, was too bad to say to the author of her misery. Ho deserved to be deeply humilated, if it was possitlio for him to experience any such feeling. His treatment of Arley had been too shameful, too heartless and reprenen sib.o to be over forgiven; yet, thero had \- been one redeemabie thing, in his con iesslon of his love for her. And still what. sort of love could it 0o that could neg-ect and ignore a sick and almost dying wile--that could turn a cold shomuder and a deaf ear to her every need and appeal, leaving her to the questionable mercy of strangers in a iotoign country. ite, was besot and harassed with con fleting emotions-first with pity and ourrov for his oevidently awakened and smarting conscience, then with hot in. uignation and scorn for what he had done. 'Tho next morning she told Lady tamllton that she was going on a little tnp out of London; that she should take her maid, and be gone a couple of anys, perhaps longer. Lady Hamilton questioned her as to the object of her journey, and she evasively replied that it was something in connection with Jane Collins. She took the afternoon traini for Portsmouth, that famous seaport town, which is the home of so many captains and men who fodow the ocean. She feared that it might be but a "wild- gooso chase" that she was bent upon, and she -was somewhat oppressed with the weight of her mission; but she felt that it was one of vital importance, and she had resolved to leave no stono unturned until she had accomplished it, or the hope of its accomplislunent should be utterly blasted. She was in search of the captain of that vessel-the Black Swan, Jane Col .ins told her was the name of it-which had picked up that unhappy father and mother so many years ago, after being wrecked on their return from India, and who might prove-it was barely possible -to be Arloy's parents. She took a room in one of the hotels upon arriving at Portsmouth, and after a few hours' rest, set diligently about her inquiries. She was more successful than she dared to hope she should be, for she found that Captain Conway-the former commander of the Black Swan-was well known, since his home had been in that city for many years. Ho was old and infirm now, sho was told, and had given up a soafaring life and settled down in his cosy homo to spend the remainder of his days with his good wi . and children. Lady Elaine's object in coming to him was to learn, if possible, the name of the couple whom lie had resouned, and also the name of the vessel on which they had sailed from India; and having obtained his address she drove directly to his house. She was told upon her arrival that the old sailor was quite sick, but upon sending word to him what, the nature of her errand was, he said he would gladly see her and relate to her all that he know regarding the sad circum stances to which she referred. She became quite nervous and ex cited while the servant was conducting her to his chamber--sho had hoped .so much from this interview, and now she began wo fear lost it should amount to nothing. We may not go with her into that sick chamber, for we cannot know, just yet, the nature of the conference which followed; but when the fair Lady of Mordaunt came forth again, her lovely face was flushed and her eyes swollen with weeping, and yet there was a smile of ineffable tenderness and happiness wreathing her sweet lips. As she took her seat in the carriage to be driven away, another burst of tears overpowered her, but it soon passed, and she looked like some lonely flower refreshed after a shower. "Arley, Arley my darling, if every thing proves to be as I have reason to hope, and if I can only find you," she murmured in such a tender, yearning voice, "you need be nameless no longer; and, oh! how glad I am that I can be the one to bring these blessed tidings to you." After leaving Lady Elaine. Philip Paxton rushed madly from the hotel, and, hastening to his lodgings, buried himself in his own rooms. Throwing himself prone upon his bed, just as he was, he spent the night in an agony of remorse, such as a thor oughly awakened guilty conscience is alone capable of, and ais he afterward confessed, "in hating hIimself with all hIis might." Morning fourd him warn and haggard, hut with a better light in his eye than had shone there for-many :a long month. "Is my munhoodl or mly honour all gonoe?" hlie groaned, as he arose and looked at himself in the glass, and won dered if it. could be possible that he was the same being that he had been two years before, when. with a light heart and a clear conscienc, hle had worked from morning till night, his chief aim being to build up a plractice of which he should beo proud, and to be able to say in futuro years, as he looked back front a high position in the world i "See to what I have attsined by my own efforts and my integrity!" But how he had been tempted, and to what depths had he fallen! Pride and passion, evil thoughts and wrongdoing had left their full mupress upon himi, and the better iature wrhichi lhad been stirred within him, shrank fromn the face which looked forth upon him. "Hforw I haveo warped and denied my selfl" he pursued. "Cau I over be-. come a good man again? I can never hope for pardon-I can never hope for happiness again. But. oh, if I might but bridge over the slough in which I have wallowed, pass to the other side and begini anew-if there is any other side for me," he added, wearily. "What a fool I have been!" hlie con tinued, fiercly, as, with clenched hands and a stern, set face, he paced the room back and forth, like some enraged wild beast; "how she must despise me -how her very tones ran with con tempt and aversion! I wonder if the torments of the lost can be anr worse than what I suffered last -night, as I stood before that pure and beautiful woman, feeling myself to be like some hideously deformed wretch, soiled blackened and defiled through and through." "Arley! Arley!" he suddenly cried out, in an intense, remorseful tone; "how could I ever have been such a knave? I know now what I have lost. I have known it all along, but I have been mad, wild, demonised. Ah! I shall never forget how sweetly your voice sounded when you stood beside me in the court-room in Madrid, and urged me not to 'waste my life thus' to 'bu the true-hearted man you be lieved me to be when you first anew me.' and begged nme so earnestly to come back to England with you. Oh, why-why was I so blind and hardened that I would not heed you? But, it is too late now. I have lost you for ever, ahough your gentle entreaties will ring in my ears as long as I live. Oh, fool, ,diot, that I have been!" All day long the wretched man bat tiled with himself-with the evil spirit, cho stubborn will and pride that had ,o long ruled him with such arbitrary power. All day long he was alter nately besieged with anger at his folly and remorse and grief over his ruined Having onceto again roalibod and no knowiloged hns love for Arley, there had come into his heart such a pas sionato longing for her, such a wild, uespalring regret over the affection which he had scorned and trampled upon, as bowed the strong man like a reed laid prostrate by some fierce tem pest. Night coining on again found him ex hausted, and his worn-out naturo suc oumoied to a leep and dreamies slum Der, which steeped his senses in grate iui oblivion until far into the hours or another any. Aunost like a ghost of himself look ed hlunlp Paxton when he at last arose and aressed. For more than thirty six hours he had not tasted food or urank, and he was weak and trembling as an habitual drunkard who has bean ueprived of lus accustomed stimulants. But there -tas a new purpose in lus laco, which was grave to sternness, whio his lips and eyes were resolute. tno went to a coffee-house and break fasted, then to his old chambers--Gray's Inn- which had been so long deserted. He spent the day in putting them in order, and the next morning the Lon on '"Times" contined a notico calling attention to the fact that "Philip P'ax ton, attorney-at-law, had returned from abroad, and was prepared to resume nLs business." That he had been a good lawyer was proved by lus former patrons at ones patronising him, until within a week he and ample work, and the idle, disso lute nman of six months previous was bending every energy to the task which he had imposed upon himself. A month after this good beginning he might have been seen writing far into the night, while his pale face, com pressed lips and troubled brow told that no was engaged upon no pleasant work; and when at last it was finished, he threw down his pen and lay back in tus chair with a sigh that was almost a groan. What he had written will be told next week. (To be continued.) 