Sydney Week by Week. ,From Our Special Correspondent.), SYDNEY, March 6, Last Wednesday was a public :.hbli-. day, and almost every sliop wkas;.iut, so that employers and employees.-alike might turn out to bid farewell. to'the Bushmen. The day might have bieen finer, but the occasional slight show ers were not sufficient to do much da mage to the dresses of the ladies,. whho had all donned their holiday attire. The troops were tinted to leave the barracks at 1t3O p.m., but hours before all the best points of vantage were occupied. Owners of balconies and verandahs along the route either invited, their friends to 'seats there, or let them out at so much a head, in some cases givw iiig the proceeds to the Patriotic Fund. While they waited, some filled up the time by singing songs, "'The Soldiers of the Queen," being the favorite,' and a big trade was done in patriotic me dals, badges bannerettes, etc. Stretching right across Pitt-street, from Her Majesty's Theatre, was a banner, bearing two lines from the speech of Henry V. to his army on the eve of Agincourt, which occur . in the play now being performed at that thea tre : "Show us now the metal of your pasture, "Let us swear that your are worth your breeding." The American Life Office displayed Yankee flags, and the motto, "America salutes the brave bushmen of Austra lia," and outside the Mutual Stores were a lion and her cub (Britain and Australia), both, by some mechanical' arrangement, vigorously wagging their heads. Flags floated in the breeze everywhere, And all available positions were denselyi.packed with enthusiastic crowds, even 'the verandahs of the Syd ney hospit"l Iwere' thronged with the nurses and 0' . r .patients,some of whom had been liftss 'ut on stretchers to see the procession: pass, and all-, along 'the line -cheers and patriotic; songs 'and' waving of -::handkerchiefs and nats, greeted the bushmen and the troops who accompaiied them: At the wharf speeches were delivered by the Lieuten ant-Governor, the Premier, and others. It was 6 oclock before the last -horse was shipped, and then,' one after the other, the Atlantian and the . aple more cast theiri moorings off aiid igan to slip away from the wharf, f6llow'ed by a host of steamers and small c'raft. A pretty sight. wvas three of four of the training ship .Sobraoni boats full ',f he boys in their white sutits; and they had their band with them playing "Sons of the Sea" and' other sUngs, which the youngsters sing bravely. 'When we have a real Ausntralian Navy, these boys fiom the training. ship will make good Jack Tars. .At present iheir nautical training is wasted, as they nearly. all get apprenticed to settlers, and sent into the bush. • By an In - perial regulation transpoits must :. o go to sea until 24 hours after the troops have embarJked, s6' the Atlantian ldt.l Maplemore didn't ste st str:aight a: vy through the. heads, ?but dropped an chors in the; harbor, !where hundreds of boats of lj; varietie?s serenaded the bushies until they- rcall got right away to sea. Gofod 1luck° to themii' all.! There wei'e furci'aputins sent :.,ray with the Bushmen. one is" an Anglican. another is a Romani. 'a third is a Pi'res byterian, and thh-fourth is to .epre sent all 'the other non-conformist de nomiiiations, who liave combined to fit him out in style. He will ride a Wes leyan horse, sleep on a Primitive Meth odist hammock, flourish a Christian Endeavor riding-whip.: brush hi, i.air with a set of Baptist hair-bru-he.-. :nid use a Congregational writing portfolio for his "letters from the front." * * * * * Captain Robertson, of the Royal Marines, who has been drilling the bushmen for the past few weeks, a)p plied for and was franked leave to go with them. He will have charge .f a squadron. Captain Robert-on w;s o"n gaged to be married to a ldaughier 'of the late M-r Whitting'dalc . Jthntone. £.M, and the wedding was to, have !. cen in April next. hut his departure ift r South Africa hurried it on, so they gut married on the Saturday lcfoe the bushmen left. Married on Satuordav and off to the war the following Wed nesday is rather smart work, even for such a smart officer as Captain Robert sonl Should he never come bacik, Mirs. Robertson will, of course, as an officer's widow, be entitled to..a pension for:life:. But let us hope that he will retur.n laden. with medals, crosses, and glory, and resume his honeymoon, which was over almost before it was be gun. The dog' "Bushie" will not be the only pet on board. He will have, as mates, a tame dingo, a terrier, a greyhound, and a wallaby. These, however, are not a ached to the Regiment, as is "Buslhe," and only go by permission of the commanding, officer. "Bushic" didn't half like the procession, and w' uld have cleared out, had not the b .gleir, who had charge of him, stuck St his chain, Ihe last half of the ray he actually had to carry him. The bush horses behaved all iight, but the dog "Bushie" evidently wished hihlself back again on his native run. The Empire called-and by God, we came From out of the ends of the West! Through the Bush the summons swept like a flame, e "Would you loaf and waitin a slothful shame When the- Mother called ?" No, by God, we came, And the Bush gave up her best!. We came to camp, we were bushmen tried, And ready to do our best! We slaved and drilled with a stubborn pride. Me? Where was the 'orse I couldn't ride ? Fall off ? I couldn't if I tried ! Me? Failed in the ridin' test! Specimen verses from a Sydney poem by Arthur H. Adams. There is no doubt about the enthusiasm, or war fever, sweeping bush and town "like a flame," What is known ais the 3rd Contingent is being got ready. There are 700 men now in camp; half of them mounted, all being drilled, getting rea dy for embarkation "when the Mother calls," And who can say what fresh develolpments-foreshadowed in the sec ret message from Chamberlain-may arise in a week? Lieutenant Long, who is one of the victims of the war in South Africa. figures in a very strange p)hotogra.phic picture of his sister's grave. Last ,u tumn lie accidentally shot his favor-,itre sister, and, overwhelmed with grief. took the first opportunity to go to the front. He asked that a photograph of his sister's grave might be . sent out to him. His other sister, who uses a camera, took a photo of the grave. and when it was developed Lieutenant I .ng appeared on the picture standing a:,loag side the grave. All the family uwt re startled at this ghostly image-it isas rather fainter than the rest of the pic ture, and were uneasy until the ex planation was 4iscoerwd. w,t was .cv - counted for by the fact that the '.nle veloped plate had been used before, so that,. when thie second picture wuas taken, the figure of the lieutenant, whlise piortrait had been taken on thie ~ilate previously, was reproduced on the second picture. The photogra phic journal some time ago published a series of these ghost pictures. Tak ing the sad circumstances together, this photograph should have a p,:ctu liair interest for the members of the family of the brother and sister. The war hay given all sorts and con ditions of parson= grand oppottunities for sensational sermons, and coo' s have been singing "God S?Sve lihe Queen" and "On to the War" in the churches. Preachers have been (.ut vieing each other in making them-selves ridiculous. . Perhaps the cake ,"? ht to be given to the Rev. P. J. Stcphen. Wesleyan minister, Balmain, who ;n his last Sunday's sermon said thant be would like to see erected. in the mnidlle of London a. huge monument to K u ger, towering over St. Paul's Cathedral, with the remains of Kruger buried be neath, and over them this inscription: "Erected to the memory of the man v ho cemented the British Empire." The war, he said, was really a ble-..ing, as. it would lead to a lasting peace, be cause if any of the E]uropean Plowers desired in future to mole4t the Oiid Country they would be afraid to do -o, as they would have first to fight dhira way through the colonial ring .hich was encircling and protecting Ilritin,. There is a peculiar municipal dead lock at Newtown. It happened that none of the retiring aldermen were op posed, so that they were all formally dc .clared re-elected on 1 bruryv 6. t hey did not, however, meet to elect a Mtayor until the 15th-some days beyond the limit stated in the Act, and now the al dermen find themselves in this unique position that to elect one of themselves now as Mayor would be illegal, and any person so acting would be liable to a heavy penalty. Strange to say. the Municipal Act provides no means of re medying this state of things, and legal Opinions say that the only possible way out of the difficulty will be to pass a special Act of. Parliament. in" the meantime the Council has no ~lavor. and is not capable of doing anythi.ig. even to paying the salaries of the Coun cil clerk and municipal .ofij cr-. Another proof that the Municipali ties Act wants amending i. afforded at Lambton. The Lambton Council owed the bank something like i 2.oeo. which money has been spent on roads and pu.!lic buildings for the improvement of the borough, and the bank couldn't yet it back, or even the interest, so it sued the aldermen, and got a,verdict. were still as far ofi getting the money as ever, so three of the aldermen haver been attested, and fined £io each. at the instance of the bank, for "disobey' ing an order of the Court," and as they won't pay the fines even. are now is gaol. An application for thl'eit red lease is being made to the Full Court, but from the remarks made by the 'ud. ges during the hearing, it is doubtf(| whether the application will be success ful, as if these aldermen are liberated, other municipalities may copy Lamb ton's method of repudiating their lia bilities. A municipality can't file its schedule like an individual, as a cor poration has no body to be kicked, and no soul to be damned. So the rlro bability is the aldermen will have to pay 'their fines or remain in gaol. A Sydney Sunday paper has the 'of lowing advertisement : "Missing a Young Governor answers to the name of lirthstains." Was last heard of in N.Z. Present whereabouts unknown. Any information about him will be paid for at Mr Blank's Dash Hotel. where the choicest brands of whiskys, bran dies, etc, etc." But, seriously, people are saying what is the.use of paying an Earl to . play at being Governor and make his position simply one continual tour. Why wasn't he here in his place to,see our troops off ? He has made- a glorious mess of things, starting even before he arrived in the colony, with hic 'Blirthstains' message. Then he inr sulted the Naval officers by not inviting them to his first levee. He offended the church-going people by going and in specting mines on a Sunday, and the "ociety people by going and issuing blue and white tickets (now nick-named seidlitz powders) the blue for the itue bloods of Potts Point and the white tor the ordinary or garden order of Govern ment House guest. Then he got the backs up of the French residents by insulting their nation, and those of the Scotchmen by not being present at their Highland gathering. In fact he has been a dismal failure from start to finish, and while he has been jaunting it over Tasmania and New Zealan,? Lieut. Co'\ernor Sir Frederick Darley has had all the responsibility of the position and has filled it in such a n'av as t nit ake it pretty certain that ne will be asked to be Governor of New So i;lt Wales when a Governor-General for the Commonwealth is appointed. One act of omission of Beauchamp's is that. his name has not yet appeared on the sub scription li-t of our Patriotic. Fund. Lord Brasevr showed himnt the: pioper thing to do by putting his name down on the Victorian list for a thousand. If Beauchamlp wont give us his company, he might at least show us the color of his money, but he keeps away, Govern nment House is closed, while society dames and tradespeople swear. Some irreverent people suggest his name should be spelt "Big Chump." 