AN AUSTRALIAN MYSTERY. I shall offer no explantiaon of what' I relate. I have no theories by which to explain thle phenotoenon, if such it be. I lad fleories, but they, oune after another, failed to aecount for the facts IIn the case. So 1 shall siuply relate the bare facts as tile1 are, shall vouch for them, produce addtlional testimonty. If desired, ind leave their explanation to somonue more acute or at least bet ter versed in the solving of lmystery than myself. To begin with : 1 aini not a believer in ghosts, vtsltatinls, sorcery, or any relic of barbarisn of a ktlundred lature, and nll not a llmemllber of. the "Soclcly for Psychleal Ilesearelt." I rented a hotuse in which to splend nmy vacation.l It was siplly liin ordiln ary little colunltry cottage. There was nothllung talout it to attract a second notice ; Jtst sIlh n Iiosiie ais one woultd see In a few hours" ride alotg any roadl froa MIelbottlrue. -'lhe onl$y tilfug thilt Itiltacted lte to it wais that It was inm a rather secluded sllot, wherelI could .tlak my little family and splenud a qitlet sulntmer. It stood oni a small knoll in what is called the "second bottom," about a mtile frolll the river. T''he ground wtas dry and well drained, for only on the rarest occasions did the river floods reich tlit. FIlelntlon these particulars tlus Itulu lity tas possible suggestillg .soove of the theories along which I sought no explanatllon. Thie oliouse had been em11l for sotne itite rwhe I took It. Whllu I off'erel to paily for two mollths' occulpamey In advance, tile laldlord would accept only o0ti Iloultil, snying that I could pay the other if I concluded to remain. I laid thlis qleer blsliess ethlodl to Ills gone rosily alld gave it no further thought. While we ere alrranging our few bo llongings oulr Inearest neighbour's boy stopped to say " thood-morning," and nade the eu qilury-" Bought the house ?" WVe explained to- him that we were there only for i short tiule, and would be IdCleased to ha'e hitiI call.: " Vell," hie replied, "perhaps I idight comnie soine day, but I ain't mulllch of i handl to bhe calilg roltt here ant:ilglrt. flin?lk yili'll Sltay two Inolths'" - lWe assltred hlim that we would. " Well, perhaps you will," he e tulrned, ins Ie Itrudged off towards horaie. Several of tie other neighbours look ed lImyterious ittld knowing iVwhen they learned thllt nao had rented tile " Coplc house " for tlle 8sumnler. Pr'etty placIne, It's itrue ; buit, oh, well -" or llleghboui, boy'l father re Illnrked wlchi I mtet him after oe ulld breet safely ensconlced.for a.few days. I saw nothlug in this ali the time, but subsequielit events unmade all clear to mie. O(Ir sleetlitg alartmells wvroe above; the roonhs were aliry and all things poiti tedl to a plleislnut salt1umer outilg. Ottoe norullng ily wife rellnarled at break fasI lbouilt reoting badly drlting tile Ilghlt. I had to cunfess to thle same feeling. We ntrlbtedl It to our fiohinlg excorstlo of the daly before, and tholught no 1nero of It. Oe nighlit,' a week or stt later, we lnd retilred as usuannl, btut try1 as I wouldl, I could not go to sleep. I tried all of the . lteans with whicthl I was le lali?tited to brlig. ot drowsiness. t nmtriedl alphabeteally nil of my friendls ; I coUlited IDp to a ltlndred slowly, but still sleep forsuok lie. I n0ll ntulll rallyi a heavy sleeper, Iht to-nighlt this bless. iug was of tig value. T was reatless anll nervous. In fact every' Ilervoe seeted on end, and was strung to the hlighest tension. I felt no'pall ;-a pain would have been it relief; It would have coll tralised the agony. Whenl I laid lily ear to 1viti Illow, ise lush, lush of IIly pulse was torture, u1d whenl I kept ll'feltly still ili lly posI)oion, the velry 'oucli wouldl vibralle to mly heart, beats. I felt if I could serclnam It would be a relief, buti that wrluld startle tuue Ilouse tiol l. I icrn lily wife turning rest h 'ly f ether couch. f'es, tll l i l ttle clitld, a iboy of thliee,. I},.Illll l'droth ailt4 t t', - " 'lm, Dil 11 fit in lied wllf yon ? I lll'(' I do to ''pelp" I told bhln "ye?'" lad 11 i eia twled lusu laip l It Ie, 11 of a rieImble. I hliurl.d ' t wife itiltit n restlessly illl , 'Ilin I asked, " t-Ilr hate M tlL colll Sii'i lou tel for lpper l I i nlll' go .ai .,od her eye, ? ither, b.lt that our silli per' i:l I ltd ll 1hot 11 l s ine 019 I ItIot l. .111 was · 'o llll l ih , alid I agitih tried i'ol 'iiintbiir. I heaird the clock in Ih1' puoui shvll tt leven ;itai I lrour of iiagolny paissed lnlil I hlortd It iroll eult twelve'. Is iusa:IIly niellow sounds grated on my sensitlve ears, and the last strdkp sounded through the room like a shout in a cave. One o'clock passed, and only the child had found sleep, but ii senled lore tile fliful sleep of one in a fcver than tile healthy slumber of it child. 'lihe clock had just struck Iwo, when I beard voices in tie yard tielow. .teccognLisng my neighbour's voice, I went down and found him, and his two sons, and one of his labourcrs. \'We Just saw tlhat your house was an tlli, and canoe over to give you any help we could'." one of the boys remarlked. " House on fire I" I exclaimed; •yoiu've ilnde a mistanke." "Yes, 'twos," lie lpaslsied : "all allllze on the roof." " You must be mistaken," I replled : " I see no slgns of it now." "No," the old gentleman interposed c " ii flolet out juot u s oe got here ; It always does." . ' "I What do y.ou mean ' Do. you sup11 posl l'I daft, to believe such stuff I Don't you see it's aill dark li there Y" I replied, solmewhat warmly, for I thought they were slniply passing by usid wnited a little fail at lily expllense. Sin I wesnt Into the house and closed the idrg oin ithen. "All right," the boy returned, "you'll see." SIll mde sofime excuse to my wife for tllheir ell, tumlbled Into bed, nnd It was broadl daylight when I awoke. We sold I1tlks about tlhe restlessness of the night, but I lhlouglit mtlcll. We experienced no tore (dillculty in sleeping, mianii i hlad ablout forgotten the occlrnTcce.. .il' was called to the village one even lg Is week or so laier, and was demlned" iule Inlo lie lirght; I was anllcitle'g hIlomuewrd shortly afteCr lihlnlrght. Wh'len I asil some tw6o miles front homne, wilth a heiavy tract of tiinber between Lme i11 inly house, suddenly the sky aboi'e ini beyodl the wooda was il lunlined as froml i great fire. My hlorse slolpped wilth a suddeunness thait asl ut l sent ine over lis beiid. It was lith difllicully llhat I urged him forward. I looked ngsnin. The fire was iIn the directillon of my house. I whipped nIy horoe into a run, When I lulnged Ilito'tHe timber the sky be yonld was red. Iiin ny dread lest it was'm y house I laslhed Illy lhorse along regardless of bad road onud low-hang Ing limbs. Wh'llen I cnerged front the tihuber within a quarter of a mile of'bhome all was dnrk. I rode mlore leisurely, but yet nervously, the little distance'that re. malned. When I went up to my room I found my wife and little one suffering from the samne iervous sleeplessness that we had exllerlienced on the night mentiloed before. I did iot speak to her of what I had seen, and, being tired froln iily ride, we were soon asleep. I miil nothing to muy of 'y ielighbours for feur they lilght think I haild Imbibed n little while at the villng1. rThe second day following I met lily neighbour, and lie askedil " How did you sleep night before loot ?" I looked at lhim and said " Look here, I want to tllik Ioyou." I told him of mny feelings on tile night of his call and of my vwild night's ride, also of nSy wife ind child's restlessness onil tile same night. r'hen the story that lihe told me, if I lild blccn superstiious, would have made ne fear to approach the house in broad day. "T'le queer thing," lie contlnued, "is that tlhos in the house can't see It, lbut just feel as you have described. You fetch your traps over and stay with mile for a week, and you'll get to see IL" \- On somrie pretext to satisfy my' wife we went to board at our neighbour's. We halld been there aboat a week, and I was occupying a roon 'facing tihe liouse on'the knoll, which vas about a quarter of a lnile distant. . OOne night I was awakened ohy a knock on my door, "Come, lnrry nip, and you'll get to see It," someone snal. I opened liy eyes. 3ry room was all aglow ! The light streamied l n at the windows ! I spranllf to the window iud beheld Ih? roof of tie lhouse inll sheet of flamie. IIuorrying into illy. clothes, I ran out and fionnd tile falllly all up, and wavtch. htg It. " Colime on !" I said : " let's go !" "No Isle." tlls iil inan Said: hlt I hailnd siarted. lind the boys followdl. I ranl, nlever iaking lily eyes off the hlouse. II wlls a peculiar flame, re eullulingi tinleI' thle lburniig of Ilos-' 1lhor0ns thnll tlle fire front dry tioimber. \lWhen ialf-way there I saw the roof fall In. A shower of sparks shot up into the air, ulnd was carried awily lby itie ligll bireeze,. '.s I ,ieared the house the flamesii grew- hrdiiuhter, 'flley weoere 1now bulmrsting from the winldow of my sleeping roomn, that wvasi 'rThe fire was fierce, but strallge to re Ilto thei roar llde by a lir of such tIne was Iabsent ! It was doing Its dus. ihrldly wolrk i awful silence. As Ir slolplpe to get Iy. breathi and look about, all objects shone as bright alostn as day ! T looked galin ! Was I salne or haild ny reason folrsakln ime ! All was daik! I rubbed lily eye I There' stood tlme 1ouse a sllllouette againsht tlls sky l Its oiiIIine Ii llI licr feet. " Boys. let's go' back," I soiLd. "All right, sir I We're with l3yoU" and they showed their w-lllunguci, by lend hug the w?y. . S'Wihen we reached home I told whalt I l sn. All seen. Al of the faily, he old geuntlemal anmd wife, his two soils, tilhe form labourer, and tny wvife land wit nessed till saiL1me as I lild. It could lhave been no alllucination on my lart. 'Against lyi wishies muy wife had our things movedl lunmedlnately from thIl boouse. We toolpipD our abode with our nelghbour, mld I. spent the remainder. of the asuluer outing In a stludy of that huouse. "I slept ilt agai11 n nal and -llli. (and, llhoagl I .experlenced' the same un. csnny i'estlessness, yet wlten Irushed into tile yarl to cateh a glimpse of the flamnes I lnvsrlably saws nothing. My wild runs to the house, even though maude on a fleet horse, always ended In drlhlkuess. I followed every theory that offered even the slightest pomslble chance of it solutIon, biut nil.led to the sphinx.. I learned that It was only during (he summer months that the queer freak' of nature, for such I believe It to be, was to be seen. At the end of lny vactllon. I gave up1 the lprobledl st .mtuc it mystery as when I had first witnessed It. On our.letiJung the country to return to duty In Mlelbonrne I made arrnngem mcnts to be Informed of nany new del paturo In tohe freak, but the Informna t110on recelved hs addcdll notlilng to what I have already related. I have simply stated p1lLu, unvarnlsh. ed facts.at the possible eallense of hayv ing my Saultny queatloned. I offer no expllanatton, fro I -have none. I aum ready to 11ow Id iho man who can osfer a eatisfactory soe.--l,. WV., In "Short Storles." , "'i' iiiio 1 fuiiniY tllhig." "l?lIs P'assey aIis ai UlhIII llhI lie foret she lnnrrhu'. ellld nlow tluiitt her kuslilinl is deai lc hlle l eoloue n lOtn widow," i ion't o11 tIhink nily Iriend is very "I li.'lvenl't d r!clded yl," (llaiwered thle girl, "It is very hbal Irni ilcl lilys liI i lin klup O1iji1(1H' nI1h1d whicthIicr n toiil I k yhila o orW icrlly llilllve." Sle--" I hIlli Dut1 hlf R nid ill'll 1os loil sreo, bi I aI eqIabie 1"ollu uighNt to Ihe ]pobin, ilnd therefore 1 H;ity--OI0'" 