[?] Murder Will Out. By EDGAR PICKERING (Author of "A Stout English Bowman," &c.;). COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER IV. Squire Gifford's home, AVhytelcas ilanor, was a remarkably depressing building, erect ed in'tlie early part of the century, and de signed in the poorest taste of that age. It was a three-storied house, with a once drab face, which having never been repainted, naa .. adorned itself with various shades of color; rain and frost, lichen and animated nature, helping to a result thnt not even "Art" ^it self could have called anything else but din- gincsa. A verandah went along one side of the house on the ground floor, and into this verandah, which made a shabby, dis consolate shelter from the sun and foul wea ther indiscriminately, opened the Erencli window of the Squire's diningroom. In keep ing with the rest of the house, this apart ment had been evidently designed to sub due high spirits, or even the most ordinary cheerfulness, for it was low pitched, hide ously papered, and furnished in ithe style of the "horsehair" period. Moreover, the verandah produced a curious shadiness, which not only maintained a constant twi light in the room, but deadened sound also, so that in the brightest days the diningroom wore a reiiellant look, and in the cheeriest hours of spring the aspect of deadncss. The door was at the side opposite the window, from whence, if one cared to look, a con tinuance of trees and brambles alone could have been seen. The Manor lay a mile or further from the town of Marlhurst, and was approached through an avenue, at the entrance of which stood a lodge, that after the death of its keeper had been untenanted. For some rea son the Squire had not replaced his old ser vant, and the rusted gates had stood open so long that weeds and creepers held them fast now, whilst the lodge had become un inhabitable, the rain and snow having found their way through the roof: a drearier, more ghost ridden, place it would have been im possible to find than this deserted building, its door hanging ajar by one lunge, left open maybe by the dead and gone keeper. The avenue showed neglect also, for the grass had been allowed free growth, and, save in the narrow path in the centre, it was ankle deep. The Squire's menage consated of aOiouse- keeper, worn grey in his service, and two other female servants. Besides tihese there was a man servant, whose duties were so varied 'tlhat he could never exactly define his status in the world, for he was ready and willing to perform any and every office, not excepting waiting at table, or doctoring the Squire's (homes, of which there were two, kept apparently as mementoes of the time when the crazy landau, rotting quietly to dust iin 'the big couch house, had rolled up and down the grass grown avenue. But it was not from lack of money that Whyteleas presented these straits. Squire Gifford's rent roll was eight thousand a year, whilst his annual expenditure was barely one. Neither was it penuriousncss which kept the lodge empty, nor the skele ton steeds in their stable. There was a lt- geud-tliat long years ago Whyteleas had been mbde ready for its mistress, hut that some thing very like a tragedy had happened to prevent her or any other woman from ever occupying til cat position. Caleb Gifford had kept himself aloof from his neighbors after this event, that folks never did more than hint at, and by degrees he developed into a . hard, rough speaking fellow, indifferent as to anything people might say of him or lias surroundings. When his sister died, who had married into another county to a struggling professional man, Caleb Gifford offered the oiqihunod lad, Dick Mortimer, a home at Whyteleas, and in due time Hick had gone to HUrroxv and Oxford, finally adopting his dead father's profession, and losing the 'fortune of five hundred a year left him 'by his mothor. It was a natural tiling for gctafip to make liim 'his uncle's heir, for Ulie Squire bad no nearer relative, save Affery Donman's son, who had been horn in Australia, and lived there all his life. It was not many weeks after Mr. Selby's coming to Marilhunst before he and Squire Gilford were on friendly terms. Strangers wore not so numerous iu the .town 'but that a fresh face attracted notice, and in re sponse 'bo Mr. Selby's invitation the Squiro paid a visit to AVcstdown House. "I can't say that I dislike him," Mrs. Selby had replied to her husband's inquiry relative to their visitor. "I should be sorry to say that of any Christian person. Yet- well, really, I can't say what I think of him." "Perhaps lie will improve on acquaint ance," said Madge. "Dick always spoke well of hiB uncle, or at least I never heard him say anything that was unkind or unjust of him." "He's a very appreciative man," observed Mr. Selby. "He took a wonderful interest in the invention, my dears, and was very encouraging. He 1ms asked me to dine with him next Tuesday." Madge had an errand to the town that afternoon, and so lost the continuation of i the conversation, or she might have heard more of Squire Gifford. > Her business done, Madge made her way homeward, going thither through the Lea Meadows in preference to the dull street, and it was as she stood a moment wonder ing how she should un fasten the heavy gate which separated the meadows that a stran ger came sauntering towards her from the opposite direction, a man some 30 years of age, whose dress and appearance presented a marked difference from those of a native of Marlhurst, and at seeing her he quick ened lus stop. A glance was sufficient to show her that the stranger was a handsome man, and in an instant she was forming a mental comparison between him and Dick. In figure he was neither so well built nor tall as Mortimer, and there was something in his attitude which Madge instinctively resented. It would have been difficult to say" what caused her to turn away as he came forward or induced the coldness with which she accepted his aid in unfastening the gate. Common civility compelled her to say "Thanks" when this had been done, and then she found herself hurrying across the meadows conscious that she was being W..I tolled. "I'm certain he's looking at me," she told herself, "and there's no help for it, but I won't come this way home again." Meanwhile the stranger, after a leisurely pause, leaning over the gate, had his own thoughts, which would have angered Madge finely had she but guessed tfiein. "The handsomest woman I've seen for a loiig time," he muttered. "I wonder- who she may be? Well, I've to make a long stay in Marlhurst, so far as I can see, and one must amuse one's self somehow"; and as Madge .disappeared lie resumed his ramble across the meadows, walking aimlessly, as a man who has no immediate purpose docs walk. If lie had tried, which he did not attempt to do, to forget the sweet eyes and lovely face which iiad met him just now, lie would not have been successful, and his resolution to profit by the eliance encounter began taking a definite shape. Marlhurst was too small a place for anyone to remain long out of sight in it, and the next time she and he met lie would introduce himself. He would have spoken that afternoon, but Madge had given him no opportunity, and his vanity was of fended. "She's a proud beauty evidently," he muttered again. "It will he amusing to tame her." It was in response to the invitation that Mr. Selby found his way to the Manor the following Tuesday, arriving punctually at half-past one, for the Squire's habits were primitive, and lie dined at two. He was standing at the ball door to receive his guest. "Glad you've come," he cried, when Mr. Selby put in bis appearance. "But I warn 'ee ye won't find no fal-lals at table. It's mutton an' turmuts day wi' ine, an' you're welcome. I've as good a glass o' wine though as any 'twixt here an' Litnnon. There's no baron that's got better in his cellar than inc." If it had been a civic banquet, Mr. Selby would scarcely have known the difference, or cared for it. Food was secondary in the question of dinner, over which he and the Squire chatted continuously. There was a third person at the table, a good looking man, who was vastly entertained by the conversation, and lias been introduced by the Squire with startling curtness, upon Mr. Selby's arrival. "My nevvy," said Caleb Gifford. "New- come from Australia," and that wa3 quite sufficient explanation, in his opinion, to ac count for Mr. Dorman's presence at the Manor. For Mr. Dorman, after paying a visit to Messrs. Seripp and M order, liud come to AA'hyteless, bringing with him visible traces of the injur' he had received in losing his way back to his hotel. lie had delayed leaving London, and some days had elapsed since that evening before lie had found him self confronting the dismal face of his uncle's house. The Squire, after a careful survey of his nephew, mailing, as it were, a mental inventory of him, bid him wel come. "I won't say I'm glad to see ye — not yet," remarked the Squire. "Maybe that's to coine, and maybe it isn't, but you're my cousin's child and welcome here. She went her own way, an' I'm not going to blame you for it." "1 hope we shall be good friends, uncle," replied Dorman, smilingly. "Uncle." The Squire lather resented the title. "Maybe," he answered, and in this unpretending fashion Mr. Dermau entered on Ills visit to the Manor. When dinner had been cleared, the Squire produced witli liis own hands a bottle of wine, which not the collars of the noblest in the land could have excelled, and with it his one recreation, namely, an antiquated musical box, that played old fashioned airs in a spasmodic way, as though it stayed to cougli now and then. "I'm terrible fond o' th' music," ex claimed the Squire, dusting carefully the inlaid elieplierd on the lid of the box. "You hear her play Tom Bowline. I ain't never tired o' hearing that, an' when she's through wi it we'll ha' th' Dead March." Mr. Selby would have preferred to talk about the invention, but his native polite ness prompted him to say that he should only ho too delighted to listen. Whereupon after a cautious winding, the ancient ma chinery whirred and clicked an extempor aneous introduction, and finally forced its way through "Tom Bowline," stopping | with a gurgle to recover breath. "I call it fine," Baid the Squire, regarding 'the instrument With affection. "She's old, but she's beautiful fine. Now we'll ha' th Dead March." Fir. Dorman, at the further end of the table, sat with an amused look watching the proceedings. He' was studying the Squire's wrinkled, brown, old face carefully, and meditating many things. As for Mr. Selby, the strains appeared to be lulling him into a childlike slumber, from which lie was startled by the Squire's voice occasionally, and out on the floor of the verandeli the shadows of leaves moved gently in the soft breeze. AYhcn the entertainment concluded Mr. Selby rose to take his leave, and the Squire, whose napping time had been rather de layed, made no pretence of hindering his guest from going. "I'm very pleased to ha' seen ye," he said, "an' hope ye've enjoyed yourself." Fir. Selby assured liim that it bad been one of the pleasantest evening he bad ever spent in bis life, and invited both the Squire and Fir. Dorman to dine with him the fol lowing week. "Maybe," replied Caleb, "but I ain't what ye call a ladies' man. Women are different from what they used to be in my young days. We've given 'em their beads too much; there's no holdin' of 'em in now-a- days. There's only one woman about these parts as knows her duties as a woman. I'm spealcin' o' Judith Gutch. There ain't no fal-lals about her; no gaddin' to an' fro; no pinny playin'. She ain't young neither; forty-five Judith is if she's a year; what I call a sensible aged woman, an' there's a matter o' five thousand a year fortun be- longin' to her. I'm goin' to drive you over to Wensen Court, newy, an' you'll ha' a look at Judith." Dorman made a laughing reply and turned to Fir. Selby. "I shall be very pleased to walk your way," he said pleasantly. Per haps you will allow me to have a look at your invention? Fly curiosity is keen to have the machine explained to me." "I'm only too delighted to have the oppor tunity," answered Fir. Selby. "Firs. Selby and my daughter will be glad to make your acquaintance. You see they know very few people here, and Flarlhurst ds a quiet sort of place. AVe lived in the Camden Road before coming here." "Yes. Flarlhurst is certainly a very quiet sort of a place," said Derham. "Some people would call it deadly dull." "There's folk's as likes naught but shows an' noise all day long," retorted the Squire. "An' if 'th' town ain't lively enough for 'em, there's other places to go to." "Oil, it suits me, Squire," laughed Dor man. "I'm glad to be in a quiet place. One doesn't travel as I have without appre ciating rest and all that sort of llhing." "P'raps so," said the Squire. "But Flarlhurst's suited me all my life, an' t' Manor's suited me, an' it'll ha' to suit them as conie3 after ine." "And I've no doubt it will," laughed Dor man again. "Shall we be starting, Fir. Selby? " lie added, turning to the guest. During the walk to Wcstdown House, Fir. Selby came to the conclusion that his com panion was one of the nicest fellows he had ever met, and upon reaching home he in sisted upon Dorman's coming in to be intro duced to Firs. Selby, who shook hands with him cordially. The sight of a fresh face quite animated her. Then there was the invention to be visited, and Fir. Selby led the way to the workshop. Coming from this half an hour later, Dorman saw standing at the garden door the woman he had met yesterday. Fladge had just i-etumed home, and heard a glowing account from her mother relative to the visitor who was with her father in the workshop at that moment. "One of the nicest looking gentlemen I've seen for many a long day," observed Mrs. Selby, "and such extremely nice manners, lie is Squire Gifford's nephew, and if poor Dr. Mortimer isn't made heir, I expect this other nephew will come in for every thing." "And why do you tell me all that, dear?" laughed Madge. "Is it to make me very agreeable to this stranger?" "No," replied Mrs. Selby, "for such, in deed, was not in my thoughts." And Mndge bad gone to the garden door, blink ing of lier lover, and the happiness that was going so swiftly out of her life. Then her father and his visitor came from the work shop, and a little frown furrowed itself be tween her grey eyes. Her impulse was to retreat, and then the hopelessness of evad ing this man caused her to liold her ground. Mr. Selby introduced "his visitor in due form, and Fladge was compelled to speak. "\Ye liave had the pleasure of meeting be fore, Fliss Selby," said Dorman. "That gate shall be attended to. The meadows are my uncle's property, I find, and we'll have a new fastening put." This speech entailed an explanation (to Fir. Selby, and so a conversation was estab lished, from which Fladge could not with draw gracefully. By degrees she even found herself to blaino for judging Fir. Dorman so hastily, .and as if to make amends for so doing, she joined in the talk unreservedly. There was no real reason why she should show any objection to the Squire's nephew, who, before he took his leave, had gained a firm footing in Fir. and Firs. Selby's graces. The invitation to dine at AA'cstdown House was repeated, and a date fixed. It was two days after this that he and Fladge met again, and once more the duty of being at least civil to him confronted her. Encouraged by this proof that his society was not altogether unpleasing, he lessened bis step to hers, walking side by side down the winding main street of Murlburst( chat ting of bis recent voyage from Australia. "I'm staying at the Manor on approval, so to speak," he iaughed. "If I please my uncle, well and good, and if on the contrary I don't satisfy him, I shall go away. I was anxious to leave AVhyteleas at first— it was insufferable almost, but I've changed my opinion about that. About Flarlhurst, too, which I thought one of the dullest holes ever created; I rather like the place now, and the good people here. It's something to think of, that one has made a friend," and he glanced at Fladge, who did not reply. "I've had a lonely life, Fliss Selby," ho continued, "and known but little happiness in it. I never had a mother's love to brighten my boyish days; my mother died when I was a child, you understand, and I never had a woman to care for me. You'll think that strange, perhaps." "AA'hy?" He gave a little laugh. "I suppose its because I've never cared about women that none ever cared about me. Ycit I have seen one whom 1 could love, one whom I can never, never forget," and he sighed rather theatrically. Fladge made no reply. She was looking straight before her, for Dick Mortimer was striding down the street towards them, hav ing arrived from London a few minutes be fore. It would be almost his last visit to Flarlhurst, and as he glanced <,t Fladge and her companion, an angry frown darkened his face. CHAPTER Y. Jean Kedar, duly installed iu his situa tion with Messrs. Seripp and Florder, sat looking through the dusty window of the clerk's office into Southampton-street. It Was a very long way from the scene of his last employment, which had been in a small town some 50 males from Sydney, and for what purpose he bad journeyed all these thousand of leagues to Southampton- street, Jean alone could have told anyone, if lie Iilad chosen to do so. He was a mild, placid tempered little fellow, and his face was innocent of cither whiskers or mous tache, whilst liis age was an unknown quan tity. lie might have been 10 or 00 for any evidence lie gave of his years. Neither could anyone have declared Jean Kedar's nationality, whioli even he was in doubt abou't. liis father had been a Norwegian and liis mother a Greek, whilst he had been born hi Russia, where 'his parents had died of plague, leaving their child at the age of 10 to the mercies of Providence. From Russia Jean had wandered through Europe, contracting several languages, and half a dozen accents, besides gaining such worldly wisdom that he was enabled to save a trifle of money. Chance brought him 'the opportunity of emigrating, and chance found him work upon his arrival in Sydney. For there a Fir. Aaron Morley, whose business was money lending, 'land surveying and estate managing, being in need of a clerk,' offered Jean the berth, and from Sydney the wandering polyglot had gone up country to the township of Flin- dter, where Fir. Fforley's office was situated, and with praiseworthy industry had done everything which was required of him. There was not muoli business doing, truly, but Fir. Florley never complained of hard times, and apparently flourished on the lit tle custom that came 'his way. It was in Minster that Jean first met Fir. Jarvis Dor man, who had come from his sheep farm, 100 miles or so away, in response to a letter which Fir. Aaron Florley had sent up to liim. It was the letter written by the firm of Messrs. Seripp and Florder at the re quest of Squire Gifford, who was desirous that 'liis relative should be found and sent to England. Not knowing of Dorman's ex istence until then, he had to be sought for, and Aaron Florley, through the firm's Syd ney correspondent, had been asked to find liim. This was easily done, and one burn ing Christmas day Jarvis Dorman had rid den into Flinstcr to answer the letter in person. Jean Kedar, in the shanty-like office, had eyed the new comer attentively, for the reason of his coming puzzled him. A careful search among Fir. Florley's pri vate papers, however, soon gave him all the information he required, and after this Fir. Dorman began to assume a very impor tant position in Jean's estimation. There was the probability that this plain, sheep farming m'an Would inherit a very large estate, and be rich. Seripp and Florley's letter referred toc a certain wealthy uncle of Fir. Dorman's, and Jean began worship- ping the rising sun. "He will be very rich!" the little clerk had murmured, "this man. AVhy should not I be rich also? There are ways of be coming rich— mi'any ways. Am I to work for thirty sfliiilings a week until I can work no longer? I hare saved a hundred pounds in teu years— 'this man will be alble to spend as mutch in 'ten days, if he pleases. Bali! the thought maddens ime of my helplessness to make a fortune for myself. If the good gods but give the opportunity of doing tlhat — Alh!" and Jean's wc'ak eyes began water ing as they always did When his emotions were aroused. During Fir. Dorman's stay of a week in Flinrter, he and Aaron Florley became on friendly terms. AVhoitever amusement the township had. to offer, tlhey enjoyed to gether, and side by side they rode out of it, on tlheir Way to Sydney, and Jean had the lititlo wooden house bo 'himself for a week. Then there came a hitter from the Sydney lawyer which hakl to bo answered at once. Fir. Morloy had not returned, and so Jean decided to ready to the message himself. The 'business it referred to demanded bis going down to 'Ulie city also, and this Jean did. l'hling Uhitiher on a weedy marc borrow ed from a neighbor. There was business of his own moreover which the little clerk had to attend to in Sydney, where a shopkeeper owed him ten pounds, lent at five 'hundred per cent, interest, that was not being paid regularly. So Jean resolved to recover liis money somdh'ow, and to 'place it with the ninety pounds in a bank. Then there comes a blank in Jean Ivedar's history. Something must have happened iu Sydney tlnat altered all liis plans; some thing that prompted him to take a steerage passage in tllie Steamer in which Fir. Jarvis Dorman came to England, and on the voy age the little cleric and the ex-sheep farmer had aniauy a long conversation. Indeed so generous-hearted was Fir. Dorman, iu view of his inheritance prolUibly, tliait he gave JCan a crisp bank note for fifty pounds, with the -promise to aid him further after reaching London. They separated upon arriving at their destination, and Jean, leaving lost his 'way. several times, ifound -himself at Messrs. Seripp a-ntl Fielder's office at last, with the result already narrated. It was some days before (Mr. Dorman presented himself there, and it Was as if the new cleric waited for his coming hungrily- . . Mi\ Seripp was alone when Squire Git- ford's nephew made his appearance. AA'hat- v ever anxieties may have oppressed the law yer, the interview put him in the best oE spirits, and the following day 'that trouble- some overdraft at the bank had been re- — P "One tiling at a time, Florder," grinned Fir. Seripp. "AYc'U keep our credit up whatever happens." Jean looked up in bis confiding way, as Fir. Dorman passed through .the office in leaving, and a nod of recognition was given.. "I'm glad you've found work," said the latter. "Strange flint you should get a situ ation here, though." "Do not tlie strangest things happen.' replied Jean, mildly shrugging his.shouldera, like a Frenchman. "They are kind, tlieso lawyers; 'they perceive that I may be a use ful servant. I have had much experience. "Come out," responded Fir. Dorman, bluntly. "I'm going to luncli somewhere, and we'll have a talk." Jean slipped off his stool, and took his hat from its peg. "For an hour I am free," ho jerked, as he gave a little jump to disengage his hat, for the pegs were almost beyond liis reach. "And I come with pleasure. It seemed as though Mr. Dorman dragged the little clerk 'through itho busy 'throng, in the direction of Oxford-street, and (lui ing the walk they spoke not a. word. Jean s lute- rest appeared centred on the unusual sights and sounds that environed him, and his companion strode on, holding liim by the arm. Arriving at a fashionable restaurant, Fir. Dorman swung into it, and, as it were, deposited Jean in the corner of one of the dining compartments. Iu the next one, wbicli was divided from theirs by a low. partition, sat Sylvester Courtney, intent on the "Times," which he had propped against his wine bottle. "Now then," began Dorman, after order ing luncheon." "I shall be glad to hear what you have to say, Jean Kedar." "There is nothing to say," replied tha other. "AVliat did you expect to hear?" "Have you seen Squire Gifford, for tho first thing?" asked Fir. Dorman. "AVha'b sort of man am I to have dealings with?" "Fir. Caleb Gifford called at the office- half an hour before me," replied Jean, glib ly. "Ho left five minutes before my second interview with Mi'. Seripp." Sylvester, in the next compartment, took his eyes off the "Times" and listened. The names uttered close to him were familiar ones. "What more?" continued Dorman. -iy "Of Squire Gifford?" asked Jean. ' "Of anything," answered the other im patiently. "One must wait," said Jean, placidly. "Does it concern you that the lawyers are- pressed for money?" "Oh, you've found thnt out?" laughed Dorman. "You've a sharp eye, Kedar." "One judges," replied tlie clerk, and there was a short silence, during which Sylvester tried to resume his reading. "I've had a misfortune, Kedar," lie heard presently. "I was attacked and robbed a few nights ago. I had lost my way, and got into a more dangerous part of the world than the bush even." "How much money did you lose?" asked Jean, impulsively. "Tliei' took my watch," answered Dor man. "I also lost my pockctbook, and I'd give a hundred pounds to get it hack." Sylvester put down his paper, and stood up. leaning over the partition, and Dorman turned sharply, whilst Jean lay back look- ing up, with his thin fingers interlaced. "I'ardon me," eaiil Sylvester, "but haven't you and I met before? I chanced to over hear you mention the fact of your having been robbed tlie other night, and — yes, of course, you are the same man, AA'e drovo back to Florley's together." A shadow seemed to pass across Dorman's face as he returned Sylvester's salutation. "Yes," he replied, "I am that unfortunate victim. I've been lost in the scrub before now, and was not in so much danger as I was the other night, I fancy. You rendered me an excellent service, for I doubt whether I should have ever reached my hotel with out your aid. And our good friend the doc tor, how is he?" "As well ns anyone can be who's in tha midst of preparations for leaving his native land," laughed Courtney. "Is Dr. Mortimer leaving England, then?" "He goes to Bastia very shortly," was the reply, and 'tlhcn a sudden inrush of cus tomers interrupted the conversation. Giv ing Dorman a pleasant nod, and Jean an in quiring glance, Sylvester quitted the res taurant. tilt seems a strange thing 'to me," ihe muttered, "Uliat Fir. Gifford's nephew, for eo this man proves to be according 'to Mor timer, should be dining with Seripp and Flordcr's clerk. It isn't the usual sort of thing,, nor a thing one would expect to occur. That reference to the linn being pressed for money, too. I wonder if it's true? This is hmv people get talked about, j Seripp and Florder have a fairly good re cord. Hang it, they can't be going wrong." He strode along until be oamc 'to liis club, | entering it with a dissatisfied feeling. "Jarvis Dorman," he muttered. "I can't get that fellow's hobnobbing with an ordin ary clerk out of my mind. Is he to be 'heir to Whyteleas Alanor, or my old friend, Dr. Richard Alortimer?" The attempt to settle down to a book in Hie club' 'library was futile. The face of Jean. Kedar seemed liaunting him, and pre vented his mind from fixing itself on any- tilling else. "I'll give Dick a look up," lie exclaimed, throwing 'the hook aside. "The walk will do me good, and I can have an elaborate 'think' on the way." WiiUh this resolve Sylvester 'began liis long walk into Walworth, reaching Went- more-street as Dick was in the midst of some packing. Airs. Lipus had brought up the tea tray wiliieh was balancing itself rather cleverly on the top of a huge -trunk, and Diek was in his skirt sleeves, with a dhort pipe in hi3 mouth. "It looks unprofessional, I'm aware," lie said, "but tiie fact is,- the practice has- taken itself off before 'the practitioner. I've paid all my bills, thank heaven, and if ever I get "J this packing done, Wen tmore-street won't see me many days longer. Don't, ask me whether I'm sorry." _ „ v "You've settled everything, then?" ' ""Things have scLtled Hiemselves.'ihy dear fellow, " replied Diek. -"Do you know .I'm beginning -to think . tlia't .Providence knows best what's good for U3, and that her ar rangements are excellent. It's only when we poor blind mortals go interfering with her plans 'that we get into trouble." "How long have yon been fatalist?" "Ever since fate willed it that Aladgc and \- I are to be parted," answered Dick. At this moment a postman's knock was lieard at the house door, and Dick paused in tho act of pouring out a cup of tea. Then Airs. Lipus, giving a warning cough, brought in a letter which she handed to liiui, and he put' the teapot down. Tearing open the en velope hastily, he read the contents of the missive, his broiv wrinkling as lie did so. Without uttering a word of comment he handed the letter to Sylvester. ! . "Read that," lie said curtly, f . (To be continued.) < 