CHAPTER III. AT THE VELIKI PALACE. Dane -watched the old Russian until a. turn of the street hid him from his sight,' and then returned to the restaurant of the . hotel for his dejeuner. Ignorant of the elementary conditions governing domestic life in Russia: knowing little indeed of the country, and lacking as yet all enthusiasms, this story seemed as odd as anything he had read in the books of the romances. Ilad he been pressed, he would have hesitated to admit, even to himself, the potency with which he recalled the name and the face of Fekla Dolgorouki. A traveller since his Cambridge days, prone to a certain genial cynicism, as transparently honest as an English schoolboy, with clever brains as yet untiUed, life, hitnerto, had been for him a dull succession of half-formed impulses and unrealised, because immature, ambitions. All that tne East had to show he had seen. There were few capitals of Europe which had failed to amuse him for a season; few of the world's show-places which remained unfamiliar to him. Of men he thought little: of horses, much. The political world, echoing its fret and pettiness in his own family, moved him always to derision. He reflected, with pity, that his father might have done something in the world if be had not been a chancellor of the ex chequer, For women he had the tender cess of a boyish good nature; but devotion to the unit rather than to the sex he could not understand. His friends said that he was a failure, because he knew how to get a good deal out of life: but he heeded neither their applause nor their ceiiBure. drifting on the flood- tide of content, he sought nofharbour; nor desired a landing place. In contemplative moods, he tola liimself that lie lina come to Kussia to see the country. ]t may have been that he did not seek to deceive himself, and that another road him more truly. For the Count had said that he came to see the woman, and he was a judge of men. He would not admit the truth; but the mind, awakened now, did not permit hirn to pass it by. There was even an ill defined pleasure in finding himself in this city to which Fekla had come. Never for one day since lie had seen her in the house of the C'onite de Coux llad the strange story of her life been forgotten. The childish, winning face looked out at him from every picture of Kussia which his imagination had drawn. He remembered the unaccountable enactments which had .'miniated that scene in the Count's house, the flirt's joy in her gains, her distress in loss, the pettiness of gesture and of voice, the daring of her play. IVrchance, if the Count had told hint of her reformation, even of her success, his curiosity to see her would have waned, lint Fekla in opposi lion to authority, Fekla a prisoner! The story was incomprehensible! He had the mind, at first, to regard it as one of those pleasant fictions which are freely associated with the drama of Russian life by those who know nothing of Russia. Analysis; of his own conclusions pursued him throuph his solitary meal. That Varso had anv object in deceiving hiin he could not believe; nor could he follow the old Count's Ionic when he warned him against the Veliki Palace. There were many offences in Hussia he knew, offences as dear to the maker of melodrama as they were troublesome to the police; but that extra vaganza and a passion for play were among them, lie had yet to learn. It was THE MOST UNKINDEST CV : ]- ALL. Grandfather.-"What's the mntt. Villic?" Willie.-"Vou know that whip j .ave me fot birthday preflent?" Grandfather.-"Yes. * Willie.-"Well, mamma whipped with it." -(."Judge.") possible, lie thought, that iln iluenee of his English name had procure'. ms fr;0J ship for him-the desire to s! v Un £ hotter side of Russian society. Vct whv I stranger so should serve him. - why ?h« fount interested himself in tl,.- mattor «t all, he could not tell. After he knew nothing of this eccentric old n . ? who ha(i forced such a ready frieniltli;, nn hjm "Oncsinie Varso, a distinguish'.', officer of artillery," was the style in whi> i die CoUn. had been introduced to him in ! milon. ]n Hussia, some said that he v.-i* a stag ollirer of great distinction, hut tliov did not s; cak of any houses wherein li.- was to be met. The mystery of his posmnn seemed as great even as that of Fekhi's presence in Moscow. There was a sta^.- in Dane's argument when his logic told him that he would I e a sensible man to quii the place without delay, and to seek a city whereat least the question of a woman's destinr ?would not arise. But curio;-itY prevailed above reason. He must see Fekla, he knew already that he would remain in the city until he had seen her. There are some men to whom the oppor tunities of life are very kind; and he had always flattered himself that lip was one of these. It was hardly a matter of sur I rise to him that this determination of liis to seek out the woman should be fol lowed that very day by an invftation to her house. Although he could not imagine how she had learnt of Ws presence in the city, he read the letter in which she pressed him to call uj on her at the Veliki Palace as an act of courtesy to a stranger rather . than as a particular expression of friendship The mistress of her house, she might well desire to extend its hospitality to him dur hip his sojourn in Moscow. It was droll to read these words side by side uriii the warning which the old Russian had spoken; but the possibility of difficulty ai ded a zest to his pre-formed determination It may have been that an unadmitted sire to befriend the woman against the ma: was a factor of his resolution; hut this he would not discuss; and remembering only the Fekla he had seen in the house «: the Comte de Coux in London, he told ha i valet to call a droski. "Get a carriage-I must have my PVJ after this. See where you can buy.horse; and let me know about them. If there is a good thief about, who can drive, we engage him. They alwaj's make the best coachmen. I want the thing '^ne as tin ltussians do it-you understand " "I understand. Our own sloil :i- and three horses. For three days, ray lei l?" Dane bit his moustache. !!<j bad to.d his valet that the third day would tiM tliem cn route for Tver. "For three days-or mov.he said slowly. Seton hurried away to fiiK t he drosii. j "It will be three month-; * here if . \ woman," he said to himself. ' >1 mentally he began to calculate the prtr: .iinountff quisite to start a pubJiehoii-v - . nowhere b the neighliourhood of Dorkn . He twice followed his master ror . the world -but three months in one h<>; A wonm alone could account ior thai -1 Dane pet out for ihe \V. . Palace «s J three o'clock. The first p!o . m the win- | ter'i! night was upon the < then, aw g lights began to chine front eafes | traktirs. As they left tli. irniing: ?'fi | AS TO THE QUARREL. Miss Nosum.-"Vou think you are In the wrong?" " Miss Asking.-"Ym;-don't you think I Ought to tell George so? Hiss Nosum.-"Well-er-not until alter be haa apologised.' : uresque streets of the city for the more n boulevards of the suburbs a mellow tinged with the roBeate after-glow, ?liicd the whitened parks and the scat ,1 palaces beyond the ramparts. But whole atmosphere was that of the cring darkness, and the depression of ,..ic ted upon the Englishman as he drew his journey's end. What folly led him ihe woman's house; what ironic impulse him to entangle himself in this web of ?,iiIv intrigue ana difficulty? His name ried weight in Russia and there could little personal danger; but who could resee, when once his hanu had touched ic plough, where the furrow might end. . siid that it was a fool's errand; and ad ilting it, drove into the courtyard of the ?ilac-e. Other carriages, speaking of other .-nests, stood in the stable-yard; and there wore many gaudily attired coachmen at ! ending to sweating horses. But the ser vants of the house appeared to be few in number, and as Dane stood in the great marble hall, warmed to a suffocating heat after the fashion of Moscow, he could peer into vast unused rooms and deplore the ruin which had fallen upon this historic mansion. The dust Jay thick in some of these chambers of forgotten splendour. Car pets which the East had sent, the finest work of French cabinetmakers, pictures of which the guide-books spoke, Bhared the ne glect apportioned the once-famous home of the Dolgoroukis. Everyvvhere the echo of the past was whispered in the house in the sound of steps upon the stone, in the moan of the wind through the woods without, in the very voices of the servants. Dane said that a woman would lose her womanhood quickly in such a place. And Fekla was here - in name, the mistress of tlie house; in truth, the prisoner of the palace if the Count were to be believed. He looked to hear the contradiction of that fable from her own lips, in a voice more musical than any he had known. There were six people in the salon, and it was plain to be seen that, for the most part, they were Russians. Fekla herself sat in a low arm-chair by the long window, serving tea from a silver samovar. She wore a loose gown of a violet hue: and her wavy flaxen hair was banded about her head in the English fashion, showing the golden threads of it whenever the linger ing sunlight fell upon her pretty face. At her side there stood a white-haired old man. ERNEST DEFARGE (MR. CECIL WARD). who paid her a great deference and accom panied all his words with bows and apolo gies innumerable. An Englishwoman, re I ellantly ugly, and ready to boast of her fifty-five years as a laudable attainment, half reclined at the other side of the tea table; and heard from a young Russian an earnest exposition of his principles-to which she paid no attention whatsoever. Hut all ceap"d to talk when Dane entered; and Fekla herself could not conceal her pleasure. "1 was telling thein that you were in Mos i'ow, and would not have time to come and see me," she said, permitting her hand to linger a moment in his, "imagine how bad a ! ro|ihetess they find me." "Imagine nothing of the sort, Monsieur," exclaimed thtf old Russian in broken French, "we did not believe her and she did not be lieve herself." "You have forgiven me for asking you," continued Fekla, as she drew up a chair for him close to her own, "I have so few friends now-and I remembered your pro mise in London. You had forgotten it, of course " "I-not at all. If I had not remembered it, why should I be in Moscow?" "For many. reasons. The Englishman comes here because he read as a child that Napoleon burnt the city. He also comes to j;ive the police an opportunity of annoying him." "Arid to tell other Englishmen that he has been.* Present me to Jjord Dane, child. My uncle, Roger Alton, knew his grandfather well enough in Shropshire though that isn't London, as he found out when he got there." The Englishwoman spoke, a little bent old maid, with the nose of a hawk and the eye of an eagle. Dane bowed to her curtly, recognising in her a type that shames the English name in other cities. - "1 iam sorry that my grandfather had such la,short memory, he said genially, "but ias~he ie dead we will suppose that your uncle forgave him." Thq old) woman laughed hardly. "A; short memory-ha, they have all that, ;the Danes. I knew that you were one of them before I heard your name. You are_what ycjur father w^s at.your age. 1 in an old woman, and I may Bay it. It's Rood to have a 6hort memory-here in Russia, Viscount." She sipped her tea and turned to the young Russian at her side-a youth with dark piercing eyes and long unkempt hair brushing hia Bhoulders. "What does a man of that sort do in this ^ouse?" she asked in a low voice. The poet smiled. It would not be difficult to guess," he said. "A woman is at the bottom of every trouble. Read Juvenal again." She stopped him with a gesture of con tempt. "Talk sense," she exclaimed, "why has he come here. To amuse himself-in the Veliki Palace! If not that-who sent him?" The man answered her at hazard, but Dane was already in an animated conversa tion with Fekla, and had forgotten the presence of the others. "1 have come through from the Crimea," he said, "all this is new to me. What I lost in the south is paid back here. Mos cow seems to me the one city which de serves more than the guide-books say of it. It is Europe and Asia lying down together, the East and the West joining hands ana arts. I came here with the intention of staying for three days-but now-well-it may be three weeks, or even three months. You, yourself, are only passing through, I imagine? It is a crime, they tell me, to be seen out of Petersburg in November. I can see myself committing that crime often if my first impressions of Moscow are true." "Don't be too sure of them. The place MIMI (MISS ROSE MUSGROVE) AND SYDNEY CARTON (MR. T. KINGSTON). is always a new toy for Englishmen. They like our glitter and fcrget what it hides. In three days you will take a ticket for Novgorod-and three days later for Peters burg. Here you are buried alive. It makes no difference that the head-stone is gilt and tinsel." He laughed. "You are very hard on Moscow." "Not at all; Moscow is very hard on me." "Then, of course, you are only passing through?"' She sighed, and rested her cheek for a moment upon hpr hand. "Yes," she said slowly, "I am only pass ing through." He looked at her, and read the truth. She was not a woman to wear her heart u] on her sleeve. He read courage there, even the courage of the lie. Ana he ad mitted. as he had admitted already in Lon don, that she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. "The Veliki Palace," he said, "has it been long in the possession of your family?" "For three hundred years-since the days of Ivan, who killed his eldest son. Imagine what pleasant traditions we have. I dine every day with an army of ghosts. An energetic woman would write the his tory of the Dolgoroukis here, and under line all the murders. I have no energy, as you see, and I write nothing-except in vitations to my friends." "The pleasantest kind of literature. But, at least, you think Russia worth studying?" "Undoubtedly. It is the one country where a man may wish that he had been born a woman." He saw that she intended to be taken seriously. "You consider Russian women fortunate, then?" 'i XT rt 4- on T fKan tr» Atf liri fnvf 11 _ Pilot so, L consider men most uniortu nat«. But at least they remain women, and are not compelled to bewail their state every day. The greatest wisdom is to ac cept the inevitable. When the inevitable decrees that a country shall be ruled by its vices, it is easier for a woman to accept it than a man. We educate our children to believe that the first duty of life is to amuse themselves; the second to amuse others. They learn the lesson very well, as you will discover if you remain here -long enough to see anything except the gold on the outside of the cup. A Russian with ambition has two careers open to him. He may either become an officer in the army, and drink himself to death, or become a policeman, and help other people to drink themselves to death. Mine is a country "Mammy, mammy, come quick! Lil' 'Rasmus done swallered mos* all de animals in hii Noah's ark an' Shem, Ham, and Japheth."-("Judge.") without ideals. That is why I say that It is a country for women." The poet, catching the word "ideals," intervened. "All that could have been said of Russia twenty years ago," he exclaimed; "it is not just to say it to-day." The old Englishwoman tapped him with her fan. "Leave Fekla her philosophy," she cried snappishly; "they've left her little else now. She will learn some day that walls have ears." Fekla laughed defiantly. "They must blush for you sometimes!" she retorted. 'iheir talk threatened to drift woman ward, but Dane turned it with a remark at hazard. "1 have seen Varso," he said, "the old Count who introduced me to you in .Lon don. Henceforth 1 must number him among my friends." She looked at him with eyes wide open. "Yes," she said, "the 'little Moltke' would call upon you." "1 confess that he is a pessimist-a very gloomy one." SYDNEY CARTON. LUCIE MANETTE (MISS LINDA RAYMOND). "Possibly, a pessimist, and more." "You do not like him?" "I like him so much that I have asked him to dinner to-morrow. Will you join us?" "With every pleasure. Of course, I know no one here. The people you meet at the hotels are interesting-but the study should begin and end in the hall. And I have no taste for sights. Exclaim upon the infamy of being three days in Moscow and knowing nothing of the Kremlin. But I have looked twice at its gates, and yesterday I drove to the Sparrow Hills. The effort to ima gine Napoleon was a failure. I remembered all the time that I had shocking horses and was very hungry." "While Napoleon in the same place told himself that he would write fine despatches to Paris. Here is mv sister. She iH elo quent on that subject. She pointed to the folding doors dividing the salon from the boudoir behind it. In the archway stood a short flaxen-haired girl, with a white face and a little retrousse nose and a squat, ungainly figure, unbe friendcd even by the Paris gown, she wore. Her companion was Otto Demidoff, his fine figure towering above her; but in face and the colour of his hair ridiculously like the young girl who now strove earnestly for nis attention. Whatever the subject of her conversation was, he paid no heed to it. but watched Fekla with restless eyes, ana so markedly that Dane instantly read his story. "Here is the man," he said to himself. It was six o'clock when he found uim self once more in the Hotei Dusaux. An Englishman had called and would return, they told him. He judged that it could be no other than tne attache, Harry Pain ton, who had half-promised to come down from Petersburg and spend some days with him. He knew not why it was, but the thought of an English friend in that city was very welcome to him just then. The lights and the life of Moscow contrasted with the gloom of the dreary house he had left. And Fekla was alone there, lie felt sure of it. The story which Varso had told him was a true story-as true as it was incomprehensible to any but a Russian. An exceeding pity for the friendless girl followed him through tue night. There was no longer any thought of leaving Mos cow. Already his instinct warned him that her story might become his story. But he did not icnow that while he de bated it, the Englishwoman, Lucy Alton, wrote a letter to Count Varso and sent it by a messenger she trusted. "Lord Dane has been here and will re turn to-morrow night," she wrote. "Do not fail to come." "I'm afraid I made a mistake when I told Willie that I never played truant when I was a boy," said Willie's father. "Why?" "Well, 1 can see very plainly that I have fallen a good deal in his estimation." "Thinks you were a sort of milksop, does he?" "I'm not quite sure whether he thinks that or just puts me down as a plain liar."-"Chicago Port." 