The Sketcher. A Strange Seance. It was a peculiar affair from the very ctmmencement. It was weird-even from the circumstances that led me to plrtich .latte in It. It oc-.urred under the very noet of the ptbll, and the pubtle eye \n-ts blind Ito it. I w;ls ill a (clftorin suburban parkli ft. I shanllll till y~ttit whicl it ,was--puit on youir puzzl Jiling ui'i. I halii ctt asidte llmy witlries, lt1 had | eter i il ittll Cd to enl joy an hour of tl e tl'.llrn piastoral. ItI was oI evetning iln the ya.r t', sweet ibrid iUoirT, When ll 'ilng weds sun lo rll, hten the 31ity hlotol dlecks the glade, an jlust tlbollut the tile the stlln tlckes his eveitlug dip, giling the waters of his l i mt as he tditatillpears Into their mldit. I ha \wan'dered lnto a thickly wooded grove, and I itholght myself alonle; so I wasit ra Ier sItartled wvhen I mlarti a hatman voice close by tme my out " cuckoo." On looking lip I perceived an old genktleman, a very queer-looking old getttlman, perdtihetd on the situmtlt of a withered tree. He waIs stvingng his legs abotut as if he were' in a state of Ahorotgh enjoyment, and ie was nod ding hilt quaint old head-nodding it evi -dently at me. It w.as icnt a position In which one wvoitl uittally find an old getrtleman-not a respetut'ble old getrtle nan. it was not an occupatiton in which did gentlemoen are prone to indulge ; so I fear in my surprise I must have stared iat him very rudely. "lOh, I'min here right enough," cried he. He Iad evidently read miy thought. " I'm very much here, hai I ha I ha I" And ids legs went swinging at a fearftul rate. " I wouldnt look quite so bewildered if I were you," :contlinued ho in - his strange- croaklig voice. " People pass ing miglit notice it. Oth, you think I ihtold be most likely .to attract their atten:tion ? That's ohere you're wrong. lim here, most positively here ; bat for all tla t very, very: few people can see oeo. You can, becausse you're clair voyant. l?an a spirit. lIe. lit !" I qteitioned my-self its to the possli ltil'ty of mny belng asleep and dreaming; birt again divining my thoughts, he re ple(]d with a ch?ckle : ' "Oh, you're wilde awake-cuckoo." Ail nolluve -nr na nowtngrliin.lc S?&iddenly; lie assnumed an. alert expres lton ; and tlen, loendeing forward tnys tefllondly, he wlsispered : "There are sonme people coming. I don wid-ta to distress you. I know you'd like to introduce me ; but as you can't,. I'll disappear."' - I turned to seeahlio was nppr oching. lit was a pair of lovers ; iut lthey were too match engresmsod In their own affairs to pay any attentilton to me ;.so I faced about agalin. But the queer old man was gone. " 04, this Is too aobsurd," cried I, and I deliberaltly.weivtt up to the plot where he ?ad been and ntinletely examlned it. There was notiring but an old splintered antid jgged tree stump, with a gnarled Moot draped li lichen and moss. I ,'tiooped ino g?thter a prlmtrse, when I felt my Irmt kicked off my head. Then, raising mny eyes, I perceived an old boot dangling just on a level with my nose. So rttlarlled, wais I that I must have fallen backmiatdls, for I discovered I was seated in a bed of weeds. Oh; the way t.tat old man etijoyed my misadveittIre (liar there he was on his perch again); the twnay he wriggled wh?ti deIglht,; how -le hehld his sides wilth luighter rocked-- himself too anid fro ; -throw his arms up in the air; and kick ed oast hits aWhithered old. legs. Every .mattent I expected hit to overabalance ,llnsdilf and cone to serious gi'lef on -the tirt; bnut no, lie seemed as secure as yon would hove been on a nuseic stool. Inialny, he got up--on nottlilng floated round tiM tree, and then, wilthl a sudden twi-t,- resumed his seat. , This fltile feat 'seemed to restore his mental equillbrilm. Seeing him do this so retminded me of certain enttertinanearts I lhad nitneased that I couldn'o help .expresain g a oth'gheu t. -. , -" I'm sorry " I harven't .'a tambourine or a concertina to lend you," muttered I. ,Ie took off his cap and titrew it at tme. It vian?itled Into air, but I distinctly felt nos-f I'd been struck by a nwet towel. "None of your Inuendoes, nly- fiend," aiid e. .I)mno._chnurkduan,. -I'um- no eplrKit by machlpery. - I'm the real antticle. I atisall I had n concarlina ; I'd gi?'ve you music about your. eatr yont waothintt care, For. If you're" not civil I deh'al j.t leave you. and then:you'll lose something, I can tell you. 'Onpia." And sto my further nston1i?huent lie turned a complete someertault, agoal alighting In his old position and looking as serious as if " otlhing out of the coliaton had happened. lih1en he crossed ahis loge, mnursed his tight elbow, and stroked his chin. -• '!ilave you ever attended a seance a real seance 7" Inquired he ; and lls eyes looked like two red-hot coals tieit seemed .to btin right Into me. " No. I see you've not. Well. would you like to ?" Agoan hle read my ihouglhts before I conuld reply. !' So you shall.'. Thereupoln hlie slid down the tree and stood before nie. " Follow," lie eomnatndted. " Oh, have no fear : I was a aMosital once-like you, only a great deal hnodsoeer-and you'll -be like me one of these days. ha I ha 1 sal --orsly not so landnitne. Iaollow ane. Na one will seo.lne buait yo, unless we meeft a cloirvoynert, and hell unider sond. TWihy do you hos)itate ? Oh, I ilMan't take yo off thile eartlh's phine. Come aong." He tvotted oan'before me, just as If he'd been a ht.huan belig. Ie didnit aiteampt any further cenversotion, We were soon in a freqtaented part ef lthe park, b lt nobody notilced hn-evi dently nobody samw hbnt. Ve pn Insed through a bunsy #treet. Hle dlogel in and out amongst tim people Jnua as you or I aould. Never but.ontce d d he don any thilng oat of the common. alnd tlhat sais when hei, wvolked straight through a post. In my nsurprise, that dosti and I collided. -He, perceiving lay new mis advent-re, again extravnugnntly revel led; buit sedeing I lookeil annoyed. he onsavtil to me very politely In eontrition, and w-e conitiuted our Journey. -?At ilatwe halteid at snaot very tais toetrat- leoeoklng house down a back siesat; "Matiaghing dtone lteo" ti-nrtnin notInce bay a cnl promntlIently-iplaeir in a broken pane of the panrlotr window. My guide itlanntedl the doorsteps iand tried thei door ; bult it abs shut fast. 'lllton, willhiont te slightest liesitatilon, lie passed right titmrot It. opened It fuom the insidtle, naId willotd, glinning, in tie hall to receive nc. , "I don't like giving the landlntdr any extra trotble," said he, " paatctnilaorly as she's halsy at presolit wivli liei women sieanaing her neiglhtbours' linen and soil Iug their ttnractors. Oh, don't look so astonished ; she won't be afraid ; she's need to my litlhe poeuliaritles, bless her. mollow Ice up to the second floor. Mind the stairs ; they're rickety, and thel ban istern are delusivre, no don't trust them. HoerB we are-'oorl lorl al ltlo." couldn't help being struck by the fact that this old gentloman did not In any way ? ear himself with that gravity, that circumspection, one would nalu rally expect from a person in his sihlhi'., " Who's here ?" lie asked. louokin round a r,)u wve had entereId. "lilt. only a poor m1rntor to-ntirht. Friends. I salute you. Let lme introdul'e a soep tic. Supt',. y l have ," till. h i,,'H ti., behold, IInlt litsmbhodield spirit, hut nl l - other order of Iigii.s- for togi.Fi you 'will think u:, you I.or, I linll , Ih:ighhted iesh-a nd bhlo,-l , chieu-fet 'a red saul. YouII Ihahold h i·re pirits who elhg to they earth's hol! pit. wol toa:iterially affect itor 1ilily. Bhat who' in their m uuln e exist elllr were tierIyi Itii hildl re of ln'ol' lrihis, as Mineirva was the offsplring or .1 nv. Let lti- introduce you. The getn ti iunnn in tle ,.h:lir to-nightll is s.idmply. known al 'lihe Gthost. lie is a theatrical gentlenian -possibly outsllliders term him Sllangy; but by ,ltose inside the profes slion ie is very mucith venerated. lIIe Is it welcome guest hii every pltylollouse, and is to the net withh mostly on a Fri dtly venilng or latllurday llorning. No other ghost is the whole world is so popular. Ils h intltueie is sitipilyu n lilt; and when his wolted lile plasses taid he does not appear there is generally heartburnlug anid unpleasantry. In ordinary trade circles he takes the aille rill nanle of Wages. That gentleimanl to the right of hhnlm is likewise in the nil metic profession. lie is knownt as The Ghost of a Line. Not to be actutillted with him is not to be considered credit able in the theatrclal world. Authors are understood to detest actors who eschew his society. Yonder spirit cnut nated from the mlind of a muslcilin-a composer of the very highest soul order ; so much. so that none of his writings were ever guilty of melody, eoxepting one 'song, of which there is the ghost. That gentleman is the Ghoust of a Tunle. The person opposite, that melancholic ilil vidaul, Is the Ohost of a Joke. He Is welcomed when discovered in one of tile comic papers. Hie is generally attendled by the Imbecile you perceive at Iis elbow. Who is lie ? Why, the Ghost of It Laugh,of course. The mercurinlper nonage, so restless, and fidgety, Is the Ghost of an Idea.' Sometimes lie ls very dtfficultto eatch-even more so to retain. The party who has just entered Is held in contempt both on the earth's plane iand off it. -Nobody wants him. One can do without him better than with him, for he only brings unpleasant memories \--ho to?aml.h?.Iho n , o p. . _oi .? .....--......... "Will 'you allow somne one" to siFeik 'besides yourself ?" said a gentleman in the corner. "In other words, will you please give me myself ?" "-Certainly," replied my spirit guide, Who seemed to perfectly understand the enigma. "I, sir," sald the gentleman, rising, " am a spirit that umany sigh for, many work hard for, and many sit patiently awaiting." " Oh I ha ! ha I Capital for a conin. drum. What Is that which-" It was the Ghost of a Joke who spoke, but he was silenced by the gentleman so rudely Intertrupted, and the Ghost of n Laugh. who had lust opened his mouth, closed it again, and slunk behlind his intimate's chair. "Of course you would take me," said' the. controlling spirit, addressing the Ghost of a Joke ; "you would take me." There was a bitter sarcasm in Ills ac cents; but his'tone was not unkindly when, turning to me, be continued : " I am caught by some, and prove a bles-, Ing to them, for they use me as the thitl end of thd wedge for their advancemellnt. Others let me slip thro?gh their fitigers sinply olut of. foolslishness, others through sheer incapacity to utillie tile. But there are mnynlads I never visit, andi these, heaven help them, fade,'fade into poverty, and mostly thence into de spair. Those who seek nle are likely to find mne;buttllere Is no certailty of that. I am by nature hastynand capri clous. I, sir, am the Ghost of a Chance." The spirit sat down,. and there was. silence. Dir'ectly I heard'who betwas I felt inclined to embrace him ; In fact. I rose to do so, but lo I he had disappear ed. 'hllen, as a vision, events of my own life- rose tp before me-antlclpations, hopes, ' schemeLs, failures - failures through folly, faIlures through being pre maturely certaln, failures throughl an other's spite-faded chances, brilliant, effervescing bubbles which had died sparkling and ihad, left behind them nothing ,but regret. For a m'oment my. .eyes were ,bllndedowithu ltears,-arns ttiiroil"hitheir dewy mist I saw' the spirits who hlind formed the circle slowly. fade away one by one. Strange to say. the Ghost of a Coin and the Ghost of a Laugh disappeared together. The strains of a popular melody . floated through the air,. and the Ghost of a Tune was indtstinguishable. The last to leave was the Glost of a Joke; he' seemed very loath to go-in fact lihe seemed to be present long after I could see nothing of him. " There," said my familiar when wet were again alone. "youll've wvitnessed wlit no spiritualist ever beheld before.. You've gone beyond tlleir most marvel. lons experiences. I pity- yeo when you come to narrate it. You will get no credence-no, not even from the mildest visionary. Downstairs, please. lThe show's over. We tnmake a silver collec. tion at the door, so as to keep np the quality of the spirits. iWe are oiblged to do this from a moral tiolnt of view : for if the rent's not pal we fitnd the spirits become very low." It wanted to sell me soel papers to wvclh all the ghosts eontrittuted, hnt I didn't purchlase, becauise I fearet thley.'d dlisnppenr in. icy' pocket. 'We inost? politely saw me to the gate, and then vanished. rMy metad was in a uvitl'l. T scarcely renllsed tvhat I was doing until I found myself Iback In my own roomtn. Tlere I again became acqunlnferl withl n little sOlc?t--Scoleh this tnie. TI'iten T felt that vliat my. famtilar Ilad sald was trte--I was a medium, and for some llnites I allowed the spirit to control.- Ollarlee Daly, in the "Newcastle Weekly Chlonclle," Few things griatlify Mr. George Mere dlth more lhan ,he facet that. ie hlad somethlng to do with Mr. Thonlnas Hardy's fl'st success as a novelist. The 'M.S. of 1i. itlardy's hook " Under the Greenwood Tree" was sent in vaai to several publlshers., and at nlast reached lMesr's. Chapmnt and Hall. >Mr, Mere dlth, who was thlen, as lie is still, oett of the "readers" for the flirm, read thle story, and was so struck wlth its merits ithat he advised its publlcatlon, alnd wrote the 'author a letter of cordial priaise,. which was greatly appreciated by Mr. Hardy, fashionable Hyde ParlcLondon, that the First Commlsoner of Works is to be asked whethier he cannot exclude car riages from the bicycle track for twq houarl in the forenoon, as they are a aotlltme of inconvenience and danger to the bicclLcii. T'here is a well-attested instance In _nsaland In which a robin formed ech se atiiehment to two ladies that he was In lhe hablt of aooonimpaiying them In their cottntry warlks, When they went to reside In another diatrict ho todek his dep.ture with them, xinEg along by the aids of ue gAge.. 