[?] :1 " ; (Am, .Hiohts Resisted..; . v \ie..PW®»W :-. .: -, « ;; v6itfj-lirBil 'l,' - ; .r r ' i> Old'iiailcy, Vfli lii'urk my bfdtJur een- " ' JliielbJllialh..Tilb lijalbMd-ieivatP'l -?1 "" a Vii? ai'DMition. joj-Jja was a woll-kiioivn >> Bctor. and certain rrireumetances, tin, facta :<a>iiwrmn£ y;l>idx wreelicitolal tlii JJ''WWe,Wif',®iurtKV «t ft nli- asaritreadrngtbthe lovwa or liifilily- \- ama mBorts..,,,, -V.) ,''i " ' Vfic i-riuii; uhk'.li jyas praved to; thu iatlsla'r.ticn "of t'"»e ooutt acstCIiaries clear Vriouiili ; "t was" boOnd'ic admit tlmt. BltlroOKli'fitnily belii'vingih liis jjiuocence. "" " tLe htidfliecn tile tact0r5ritigiii;"'about rjiptjjrc„l>Klweeji,Ma5',andJJeceDil)et.- jMpy liad not possessed that ' iapdestyjnH'ltciia»wp',arebvont to 'libltforUn'tliK young. Stisliard, per-; haps, to tell ill tliinps of the dead; but f . am defending my own brother, and blood J!a4f-r"CO yrxK H! l>tmber4B an/))4x City .meipbant; , wedded teiit/boclkri. ""it Aliee r bipamy foriiro to haye marned iJlay— Jus business was hiswife Wife he .loved frWillLUibwibfiiri-and soul: ;3tfJiy liad lie warrieLMay?" <fotT. knows. SIm&v-ub; young and be&|i&uK;> ' BionnffSe'promptei' lilm in pp> ose,to,be 7. JHtfs.ireaKlL jnduced her to icwljt'li'iiii. And the'rnarriage eventua ted in the ray usual in such oniony. bad, ilwuglit to make a great change in Itis way of living, but when her ideas affected liis pocket she found hira V&imant.; Personally she had whalllbecty she liked, and she availed herself of it. The rooms which for htpiiy-hiilf Ja' century he liad occupied aine'bcr'Tiis' offices in Hat tori Garden, they occupied together now. Her sou) revolted at such sordid meanness. She knew he' was wealthy, and that there. . was no ijeedfor Itabdshe luted him. for it willi bitter hatred/tier marriage, was a failure. She was denied the tieeJi pots. .Small wonder, then, that she spent more time pway from her home than in it7| Kmall wonder, thai ftbe society she stmpht— by way Of coritraat — was of a frivolous aud cheerful kind. The entrance into the kingdom of Bohemia is not a difficult one. She did not find it so.arid there 'sl:e met my unfortunate brother. He was young and handsome,- to WSs siieT "llerljusband was entering upon his seventieth year. Aud— well, itf kvap sufother page ' from ; the 'old, old story- ; . v-"'- ' ' Mind you. Charlie never supposed .she . was married. tih o wascareful to keep; her little golden circlet in her purse wliyn away from home.-' He supposed she waeliving-with an old nude. The suspicion that £lie was. a - uiXenever entered lusliead. .He did . not suppose - any husband ' would allow a wife' such dally absKriOefrom home. . As to Decem ber, so long as she slept at home lie did . &okBPPt;'arko trouble much. There neyeyafl -.anything actually WrOng IjeEweii J iny "brother arid tliis woman-r-amqreof that. Charlie nevec-Jold— me-iW--fier-r,c"j.'vrerc twin brothers, aridever had a secret between us in our lives, fife was simply an ordi nary everyday qf,f£fre .world, not flying tjje Idi jtnonil standard perhaps, but yet" witli a rtispectfgr tlie scvpntk. commandmrnit. ' XJntiWre sUood' inChV .defek and lis tened in _a 'dazed sort-of -fashion to the evidence being given against him, he Pever kiivhe whs amarried woman. There came a liight wficn Charlie,, after leSViiig the tlieatrej told "me ht was goiflg 'Hatton . Garden. He said it with AtrsihlC' hearty laugh. 1 did not know that K was the last time I should" ever hear/|0pterri' huri , tlie last time 1 should oversee him smile, hut it was so. December hadv snt'tlmt on liie usual' quarterly journey, and wonld not. be backiu london-for a week. "For sorau days past Blay.ha4.;b< copntultpUu> house with a riold/and there bad been great co den ce belween the lovers, _ resulting In thaticeixmnt Uiat , he should o 4hefe after the theatre, was \- over. t -r - - V- " « ' In the Gattori Garden household only . -. one servant ftas kept- -an- old w:oir«an in May's pay, and she was in the secret. Ab the last stroke of midnight sounded from St. Paul's. Charlie was to lap three tinieg. oiihe frprit dooEi ® rattle a key w anything in the Jock, and the house- keeper fwbultf frriwtwas bim and ad mit him. ThatjwajsjJhe arrangement. , There was a trinity of. witness at lbc rial — Hecianbiir, a policeriiaii, and the void servanf.. . " December's evidence wae to the effect. Ihat after transscting business in London all the evening Jie had intended going fAjIWdiSirby the midnight \- train, mouiihgAti-riaKt Uiat lie liad only ton jnTilutpKijq wb4ch to reach St. ' i . Paqctss, hvjjgvfjup tlic jjlefiK arid! v .v.- walked homer Ls.hclneared his house : he baw a BTVri Bttahaer— at'the fcck kff?: ' Ilia Strwt do3r.»- had Tukt "Skid ' ybod night . to a policeman'iii andjopi- ..f / ing street, and Le ran back, belling the p: officer i)ft!Tff!imd-)d9 jbe did-f- thieves/ fliwnsteble rein rued witli him in time io see that "he man had \- ®ocpeeded in Opening the door, was en- an4i fHiwmi aBide. Jtsfhe did so tliev ir. their ; stpSchigd feet were at. a disad vantage. The:polJcwjn''daBlu»d after the priso- /iier. 'and after feeling his wife's lirart aud pulse. and finding filial they had -cearied to beat, wiriiess ran down to the l>oliorians assistance. ; He saw, the prisoner ninnivig up Hattorif iarden, tlie policeman following blowing his whistle; and he joined in the pursuit. iJtherofficers came up. but the pri«oiir diBprMred >T|ie polfbe sfirroiinded a blbojhouinVhtmiheasriuuposed .to renOrim/iandmockiug up ' the iiihnlgjtnte.aiillkelyotsweivsearched un?u»sfu(ly4ftt wrioarlyiwo hours.. i>efoi|riii« was' over, vand then llieyretuniedHo witness's. -own bouse. H'cjc another surprise awaited them. The nnirucnd woman's body had dis- ajipenrcd I Up to the newt landing they went, to find tlif trap door in the roof had beep burst open, and beneath it Jay the ,gU£gauiidrope-bopJid body of witnesses , <f@j|ef'v"|tS JprisontT? the a'ituesi 'rSncluded/Vas wIiolly tfnkhosvsrtb him ; he had never even' heard his name. CHAi'TJSR ii. ,_Constablu— B93 conOmiwi-'-tlic -Hist wituess's, evidence in. every particular. andi'nHliedi'ppsCdUo 'the linplinh ih'de- 'CtfaBedWhlotlunghf cerbainlettere from the prisoner, to her' (produced), liis arrest of the prisoner at liis lodgings, the hndhig there of certain letters to, the risoneiproiluceclfiSBiSndiogtherf of1 a large.'kiiife. '(yroducedX- kritJi-'E&iins; 'wslfejnjViHcU rittder chemical analysis proved to be human blood, When arres ted the/ prisoner had turned deadly pale and said , v . - - Uoa/ yoji have found me. out, HiiepV' - . 1 \ . 1 . / The.pldliou&ekeeperwas; -the third wit- «hS4. \ Shii -wbs terribly ripetptid ner- <Vousrviriff "liad to sit during. the whole time she iras giving liet ' evidence. She was, she said, disturbed about midnight by what she thOughrwas a scream. She did not- however,: leave her bed— think ing. perhaps, it was nightmare— but sat up listening.- i'resently, to her surprise, she heard her master's voice. She had thought hiiu miles away on hit journey. Thinking lie might want some supper, she', got. out of bed and began to diess, when sheheard her master s voice again, a running downstairs, aud the street door, bang. . She was 50 surprised that she sat on theedge of Iter bed, wondering .what it' could pivan. U was a bright, moonlight night, and as her room was au attic the interior was quite light from the skylight. After a few minutes' rejec tion she thought it might-be>tis well to go down,' and- see'what-the noise meant, unci resumed herdressing. PerJiaps five minutes had elapsed before she had -crossed to the mantelpiece, on which she kept. a candle and matches, and which part uf the raom was in shadow, when bUddenlvthe room was darkened, hhe looked u)3 to the window in the roof, and to her horror saw a man bending over iL. alid peering into the room. She was loo frightened to scream, and crouched be side the fender. Presently the man dis appeared- For fully two minutes she stopped there, too frightened to move. IHieirshe heard the rending of wood out side her door. .Site guessed by the sound thai tim trap door in the roof was beinu forced opeav-and, believing the man was breaking Into the house lo murder her, she rushed to the door and out on to < In lauding. Too late, the mnti had got the trap backhand as slie'ieached the middle or "the landing he dropped through the rhole in the roof on to her, knocking her 'down arid rendering her senseless. When she came to liur senses she found the towel from her bedroom hud been used to gag her with, and that she was bound in. '-clothes-line and tied to the 'banister rail, trhe saw the prisoner come upstairs presently, carrying a sack. This he rested against the wrll on the land ing, whilst he fixed the ladder leading to the trap door. To witness's horror she .saw the s nek slip away at the month, and there was revealed the hand and arm -of her mistress , all covered wjlh blood: she recognised it by two rings ou the middle finger, which her mistress al ways wore. She conld not scream, but a moan escaped ; hci gagged -Hd.- where upon the prisoner turned to her. and said, ' You old— . if yuu breaiha a "wd5G of this I'll murder you the same as 1 ha veyonr mistress." -H»1h»u strugghKi up the laddej. with the sack, « liich he held by tlie mmiih, and disappeared. She-lost- consciousness ngnin. recovering h to find ijerself surrounded by tlie "police, and her master by her side. \- The details of this witness's evidence, as „ well as they could he, were confirmed by the police, and things looked very black against luy brother. " Th» counsel retained for the defence had been' hoiieful till the housekeeper gave her evidence. 1 1 was evident that uptoUiat point hv believed my brother's , story. 'As I watched him during the woman's examination I coulu see Iris mind was dhauging. The housekeeper had-, "been ill in bed during tins pre liminary police-court examinations, and it was only at- the trial itself thai she appeared in the witness-box. Kven then, said counsel, at preaVrisk to herself .-he had gome from a sick bed thai euoiu- ' ipg, to give evidence, a sicJc bed brought about by the fright and injury caused her by the prisoner. December and the policemaje.scaped t with very little eross-exmainatiori: their evidence was all so true. But bearing in mind my brother's story about the cul- : lusiou of tile housekeepei in his visit, our counsel started to cross-examine her more tliorouglily. But it whs evident he believed her. and now 'disbelieved my brother's story. At the first sugges tion ;of treachery to the. master in whose service sbe. had. been so iong, tin; old woman bowed her, head into her shaking hands, arid sobbed bitterly, which caused ' 4hc Judge to make a sarcastic and dis- concerting remark to our counsel. This wept.on; jjlaiply thejudge believed the witness, pitied her weak condition, and .jpoked on the nfooners counsel's sug gestions _as. but adding lo tin1 enormity of 1ris.,client% criun. Gut defence ? IVc had none. It was hopeless. You could read a verdict of guiltyon the juryman's faces long before the .lodge summed up. And when he did it was dead against the prisoner. There, was no retirement.- A veidict of " Guilty " was at once retprped. and the ;ludgp made -that usual speech, which Necessitates the donning of a black cap, yan'd, "winds up wfth a desire tliat the Ixsrd might haveme.-cy on the prisoner's soul. Before my brother was removed to the 'condemned cell I had an inten'iew with ,him. .Strangely cuough lie Keemed more Icalm and collected titan he had done at any time tince his arrest— the anxiety WB€,over, , , - -c » r ??Flpr ttiefiftieih t ime lie teld jue-lhat Iieihad oeen tothe Ha lion Garden house once and onceouly, . lie.pereistpd Ibal the JibusekeepftrhocH«d>htiB )ii. ;indthit when, he went into the bedroom o.n the «g»c&)d floor luiriiad found'Hn-'p-tmiar liiurdered'. Thalriie%ri)te whichtiPTlrid" jnHted up in his horror be did for some i Jimaoounlablc reason rejajnriipld of. And i qljenSie dashed OuVof the house he still 4id It. and, as a matter of fact, took it Mmekdth, Jrim.rf, Tluit ha jiadLjigt qlwujr: <iiit6.a.!w"uBoaj ca'ii iii 'HolbDn':, nnd 'Hiv- i BfiSCyton, AsnSiisffiiV Jfiofwnilio brink HiJ|)Mnijy7Ciic «'liu)(ir; Anfl lielp'onld wanti.ai'B Wlp'Iino, (or WfaeenieiS to be of lilUcJivriil. . I'er- iwjwtE'iSp- SS 'Mb'FUieibiteryii'w 1: jiiyljrotlifT, M,K Joofr; J& j ii <' inn. up find flown. Jiere was nothing un- commonin IL It was one of many of a similar build, aud there was -a bill in the window of the next door one. announcing ibatitwas to let. WliilBt standing there tlripking, 1 was amazed to see tlie old housekeeper wit ness come down the street, and let her self into the- house VithA latch-key. I was amazed, becau'iteJricOurt slie vas so weak sntd ill that(kheadfto be assisted up intd the witness-box nd out of it; ' acniw. -urid nearly carried; but of court.': Yet herershe|wa6', bulk,up lioqrs after,/ Walking firmly Htelehgth of the street, ) Unattended, 'iindentcririgtb'e House with'; a step as firm as "my ojaT X stood there thiijklpiif this a long time, i believed injf Brother to be inno cent and he admitted that the evidence adduced was true, with one exception, the housekeeper's. He imagined thai in her fright she had mistaken another jnun for him. So 1 thought, till lwaw <&Fn;«t— for>, an oldfeh ' woman—elastic (tread down i lie street. And then, Well, I sorjcliow cot- convinced that all was not us jt8hpu!.d.Jcf.and tliat whatever was wrong the housekeeper %vas at the bottom of it. 1 went to the house agents whose Hamc appeared rin the " To Itet." bill. Their office was' near the Bank, and they ; were ' on Jl.te , point of dosing. Omuy handing them iuj card, however, they | gave we the keys, I promising to return thcui ia the morning. UHAPTtiK III. 1 did not see what good could result from iny examination of the house, but J felt somehow thatn the hcusekeeuers story was a tissue of lies from beginning 1 to end. I believed that she had let my brother in, and i wholly disbelieved the story nbj7.ut the.face at llie wilidow and thecarting away of the bddy in r sack. Naturally it followed that i suspected the ftvomnn herself of disposing of the body. arid.-Uuvt is why i wanted to examine th'e adjoining siluilat liouse. to see if there was a possible hiding-place the police had overlooked. . Don't tliink that i thought myself more clever than the police: They be lieved Die housekeeper's story about the body in tite sack, and consequently their pcarch was merely formal. 1 disbelieved it and wanted to make tile examination thorough. Jdid nolknow at lite time what good result would follow my dis covery :of the body, beyond throwing a shadow or doubt on the housekeeper's evidence. Btill 1 determined to do my best to find it. Even if 1 found in Liie empty house any curious hiding-place I did not know how 1 was to get at a simi lar place in the tenanted one next door. The housekcepet was in the house alone. Her master whs- bo upret that he had gone to Eastbourne. 1 did not quite see how this would help ine, but if J found anything 1 did not mean to hesi tate lo Jise brake force. My brother's life was hanging in the balance, and if my suspicions were correct, meiey would be thrown away on Buch a woman. I entered the empty house, and went through it from top to bottom froiu ground floor to altte. and found not hing. 1 sat on the stairs and thought, thought long and earnestly. The housekeeper was not a strong woiijnn ; she Mould be scarcely likely to lift the body upstairs, she wonld l>e more likely to drag it don n. and yet there were no places of conceal ment on the ground floor. It was an old- fashioned house, and the cupboards were small. 1 had imagined that she had concealed the l>ody in some close-lilting or air-tight box, with disinfectants, or by this time it would have betrayed its presence. 1 looked out into I he back yard. The possibility of burial struck ; rue, but the piece of ground was so over looked by neighbouring windows that < that theo:y was out of tin question There was no cellarage., nud this strwk me as being n bit curious. Then fol lowed the thought that beneath the floor-boards there might be very deep foundations, in which the body might be buried in quicklime. 1 determined lo sre for myself. J'aper- hangers and carpenters had been busy in the house and had left it. presumably to go to another job, for ihe place was unfinished, and there were some ofitk caruenlers" tools in a corner. 1 selected a chisel, jjud gciug into the back room, after some dirtieulty prized up mic ef the lh>w boards. T«» my intense aston ishment I looked down into a great dark hole, the bottom of which f could not even -see! But J determined to. Bi'Hrrit- ihgthc dust from mv clothing, 1 went cut of the house, and turning into Loath. -v-lane purchased at an oil shop some candles and matches aud a ball of string. With these I returned to tho empty hotire. My first net was to close the shutters ' back and front. Jl .was getting. dark, and J did not u ant juv candle-lit movement to attract, attention. Then slinging a candle and supsendfng it by my ball of string, J lowered it down between the floor boards. At a depth nf about nine, or' ten feet it touched bottom, and 1 peered down. Jt was evident that in some bygone time the plaee had been used as a cellar, for I could sw pterus of Ihickly-eoverHl-ivjth-dust broken furni ture, and odds and ends lying about-. I determined on descending, to see for myself whit the whole basement was like. My regret was bitter that i had been foolish enough to omit the pur chase of some lengths of clothes-line when nt the oil shop, although even if I had had it i could not have squeezed be tween the jnjgts. 1 should have had to saw a piece out of one. X craned my neck as far down the hole as I could, swinging the light sc as to cover as hrge.an area a possible. My. heart gaVv a leap. ' X could sec a flight of wooden steps leading up to the very floor on which J was lying. There must ' be a trap dam in the room somewhere, j J went on my stomach on the floor of that pai-l of the room to which the steps seemed to slope, aud carefully examined each crack. At last J ca:ue across wlmf hud once be'Mi used as a trap door. 11 'whs firmly nailed down, ami prohably had not been used for many years. Only a careful examination revealed its exis tence. J had great trouble in drawing the nails and prizing up the trap, but at . lust it came up, jte under side covered with cobwebs and diri. 1 descended the steps, and stood on a hard concrete floor, life foundation of liie house. On two sides were the main walls, and on the other two rested the limbers or joists upon which the floor hoards were laid. The house had evi dently beers built together, mid there was communicating air- space beneath the floor-boards of the ground fl'K>r of each. J was thinking that if .the body had been concealed in the biiKcirtcnt or ; foundation narto? the adjoining house, I. should be able to find it by pulling down a portism Df. JJiofUaportiug wall.m.der I the- aipl climbing over, when sud- denly I heard n weird hollow groan. X dropped tim candle :in; my 'fright, : ajyd rpHde jfcy Iclir -tlie : pfeajtaa by plung- ? ' irig myself intoXjilpckidafkneiie. Again the groan. -and fell iny skin tingling all- over till it got like gco:efiehh,a«d a kind i of rustling and hriuitmete iri'my liair, ns if it .was oh end. It- .punds rfdioalcuSt perhaps' for a ulanto jbonTess to such cowardice ag tbis.hut the J Jpt%bqita::eH& shpuld be borne'in mtiid ; "iny'Jftrangi.- qucKl, the unlawful p'ay 1 wgtshig to work, Uie pilly-uek tiark- iiwl above bIj " lnut ' i.'eile holHqj- jr.'eai) ; which feempd'th cih;le'rbu?id jnyi ' amlpjj ahovo tuid jouft'd Caused m& tbeauoJl«vo'ovovv: hand cr fooLrWAIcatlylyd: 7U " ? And then a strange tmhg .ight'eume from uiouti'mekivf Mm- qdJehting h'tuBe, oyj'V the wail ; nlflir.-t, fright!, rau'd jutt u h.; jiphtdescehded the stepnln Die adjoiu" iucwlW. w I.. stood pcrfeeliy st ill afraid lo breathe audibly. Was X on the eve of a dis covery ? 1 heard a veire, I recognised it in a moment ; it was the witness housekeeper's. £he was speaking to someone, and the other answered with the same soul -disturbing moan which had moved ihe so greatly, ' 4\. alive, cqise , you. Why don't you die?? , Ority hareri't X UnCqurage lokillyou ? ;0ow iniicli longersvil! iynit 3iye jii this black darkness ?; XtVtwenty- four hpura since I esnnc to yon. and if will 1 iWenty-four hours 1>efon» 4 1 .boine iagani.-.Die, bnree. jou,' di«» ! Lei me find yon dead to-morrow night, or X 'II eud your life for you." Only that awful heart-rending moan, as of a soul In its death agon v, buiue by way -of reply!! TJie light on the roof widened and spread out,. The light in theltext basement was being carried up the steps, then tln ougli tlm ti-an door. lor, Iherename the windy, deadened 'sound wliieh a close lilting trap- door tnakeS as it falls into its place, and mice again the blackness of night. Then overhead the trailing of something on 4.he floor boards i guessed what IL was. Kaiuptulicon -or floor-cloth drunn ovei' the trap to conceal it. How long did i stand there !J I know not. . 1 was too dazed to take account of (lime. I. was brought to ihysolf. by that, moanagahi. 'But I was not. frighlened this time. Tweritv-four h«>urs simv the housekeeper had been there, and she had said twenty-four hours would elapse before she came again. X had plenty of time before me. CHATTEll IV. I'struck a match ami relit my candle. A glance round elioWed me "there was nothing below of any use 1o me. I darted up the steps and lowered through the trap one of the papei hanger' trestles, 'which stood in the hall. Jl must aiisner the uurpose of n ladder. 1 reared lins against. the dividing-wall and mounted. 1 seized the top row of bricks which supported tlie joists. Thank heaven, 1.1m top part was only single brick width. X dared not strike a blow, for fear the noise, would be heard above, or i might have used the paperhangei V boards as battel ing rains, and soon made a breach through which J could have climbed. it was hard work. Brick by brick i hid to tear away with iu.v hands. True, the removal of each one made the re maining work easier, A Jast the hole was large enongh to get through. 1 lowered my candle tlm other side and i followed it. Holding my trundle aloft. J saw huddled in the opporite corner a ; figure, whether man or woman J could not at first distinguish. It seemed cov ered with fillli lrocn the floor, and to have only one garment on. the face being partly covered with' a dirty rag. 1 looked closer, and saw that the figure was un able lo move. Jt was tied round the waist to a ring in the wall, and the hirndtf wiv tied behind. To whip out my pocket-knife and re lease tlie hands was the; work of a mo ment, and as J did so 1 felt how weak and withered the limbs were. Closer inspection of the fact showed me that what. I had taken for a dirty rag was m reality a eag. ! was or. iny knees in a second, and untiecl the knot behind Lhe head, hi another moment these thin emaciated anus were clasped weakly round my "neck, ami in gasping, sob bing tones a woman's voice said: " Thank God. Charlie, you've rome to save meat last. aL last." And then, but for my support, the figure would have fallen to the ground agam ; sire Imrl foirited. By God ! In a moment the whole truth Hashed on me. This was the woman supposed to have been murdered arid mv likeness lo iny brother had caused her lo lake me for llreiuait who wjis then lying in the condemned cell at Newgate. I can never explain the feeling of colossal relief which came over mens Hie truth dawned on me. Such a weight was lifted from my heart as made me feel half tnv life younger. . And then J looked ai the poor fainting soul at my feel, and as J looked closer I' saw what | took In be t he marks of bl<Hnj round her rick, J looked closer si ill, and then a euri<«ti«s smell made me touch tin; wound, - Jt caw ofl in my hand. X had, b«yn in my brother's dressing-room Lai often not to know what, it was. Greasepaint; ; 11 was tire remains nf a carefully painted cutthroat, jt'einemberirig ti:e evidence given at tlie trial J examined the poor ereat ure's breast, dust over tlie heart another gaping wound. When I fouclied it it earned! on mv fingers as the other had done. .More gireas'psint. I looked at my wateli. A q'uarter to' one oVl.ick in the morning. Truly the time ha 1 passed quickly. U'hai should I do r Probably for days the woman on the floor had not tested food, was jxs- eifcly now dying of exhaustion. -.Site- needed instant nourishment. NY i ere at that hour in the. morning could J gel it r J cliinhi-l back into tlm empty House, and brushing us much of tire airt from my clothing as possible, ouce more emerged into the street. All was still. Jii tlie distance could be heard the tramp of a passing jiolieemnn. nothing more. J made iny way into Uolborn. and as J did so I remembered thai near my chambers in Oxford-street there was an open-all-night chemist's. J could get what i wanted there. A stray night cab j pHFFiug, J jumped into it and was driven j west. As J sat in that cab 1 did not quite see what was going to happen. Tluil my brothel's lifo would be saved 1 foresaw, but J did not ofoarly see hint gett ing Jris liberty. Tire plot had been i-o sirillniiy woven. >o accurately timed, be had had no right in tin- hooro. there would he no sympathy with him. that even now 1 vva not content with the life-saving discovery J Had made. And then nil idea suddenly flashed into mv mind, which may sound absurd to you, nud which, looking back on it I inufl adnrit was, but which achieved the. object 1 had in view. J alighted, at the ohemisl'H, and the two purchases 1 made there iu « little after one o'clock in tlienioruing rniber surprised the man behind the. counter. He triad? up for me from r jar of extract of beef and other things a bottle lull i»| stufl suitable for a person in the last stages of exhaustion from want of food and drink. J then purchased his entire stock of nhoHpureitcd oil. or oil of phos phorus, J forget which it' was now, and jumping into the cab Utrted back for Hiilioii Garden, calling in at my cham bers en route. In my own place I quickly found and rolled up a night shin, and from ray wardrobe took fe'big long black cloak. In the cab oucc more, and as h qua iter to two chimed fromt; "f?cpLl- chre's i discharged the cabniHii at the Holborn end aud walked (lown Gallon Garden. ' , JC ever I umyed eanirt%tly in my life Xi--id sol lien— Hint 1 niighlnof- -nicel' a iioiicrmjsn. A juoiuenrary glimjise of nysclf which J had cnughl in a miiror "jn . the chemists siiopipd revealed fiie diriv and dforhevolled. My t>6ckets bulg ing nut with tin- hoUhts and the rolled- up cfo;\k and night shirt rill combined to make jme ni( olvjerit w,orUi3', ,/T night ijiplicrmau'ft miL>)iti<ju. -f lmrk was%with did/Jiol inwt a "soul. I -qtiftly <'i)tercd Utu imu.se, lit Jity Avtntile, and madeiifiy'MMlirotigir Ifhlhe ngat lierise; X'qor Hsqu!, sjie \vai' ?i>Uil>iyiug uneouW.-ieUH iis Llioiileit her; tJVbflL'lhe cJieinhl' me ivas, <JiOH'cwi\ a powerful le.-ftdiHtive. l-he ytime roumic melcou!d?siHsdt; t eamwt Miy that she H-i-oveJed Ijei-euseB; in- j 'iehd; fearedjie lp/jdilj5>st3uri)i)oyl(.-v«i;i j I'eUnyjja.'fulie look oinn Juwiuiuenoii. | l-crij«j)e! it wus.os WPBHbvfl Afot ytfli' d i«- 1 h "Jv-i 'dit -V : ' " : n'4 ehe was in as her own bedroom, and she wanted u to turn over and go to sleep; aire was so tired." Poor soull Her am hud found her out, and she was indeed being fully punished, X had work to do before the first glimpse of dawn should show. X mounted tlie steps, and! piJHhed at the trap-door. As I had expect it was not fastened down. The housekeitDc) . had Irelieved , her ?yietim too'w»|akL;ori<l too sovmvly fastened to ai-twqit »iyheupj#in. Crisis carpet ovc&|he pnor, Lul.Uliril. Cfiooti riMiioved. Slid found myself iutlir piereiunit's laivateoftiee. y " What did UiwiMB'HHiflinl. i had done once as a bo>LJJuJ'jug" tire LMirisfmus holiday's. 1 nibbed lite phosnlMtreittxi mt all over the front of the night sbirl. and then put it on. I then smeared «»ver my face and hands with it. The re flection in the miiror u Inch hum; on the office wall giULislhul iiie.t \vas uu$ipuy to ri fUut J Lhi! 1" p,ei?i.f:i 11. I. pinned nlreihiek elntik liUllri'Ui/k of my shnuldevs. leaving enough alntve l«» e<iver niyJiead.uiddheit -liiviv tin clonk together as you may have seen Mcidiis- lophcles on the Mage do. with a result that jty«)inj»leli;ly covered liie. ' TheM 1 hlew out the eate.He. and stood once more in front nf the mirror. The nn»m was in a!>soHite darkness. Suddenly 1 opened in y arms, aud the efoak fell away ! honi me. Even though I kne« wlial. t«» ;:CXlKCt WAS MAi 11<HL '<h\t w( ;»Udute IdnikvresM 'there suddenly spiang u»|o view as an apnarilfon my illumined figure aud face,- every feature distinct, looking most uiieailidy, neisd. ami ghastly. J was ssri-isfiod. . I'liless. the. housekeeper possessed slrongrir nerves than X credited her with, 1 should sue- eeediti my design. Kememljer ihat the siK'eess of mv s;li«me depended mainly nn the fact t.jj;_nt vi-, ivere wi As — dial i was the living image of my brother. My bouts all, and 1 went updairs, up tothe top floor, 1 knew from herdc seriptmu id the trial iti which mnn rile slept, hut had I larked that iuformatiep my ears would have given it me. 1 con hi iicar tlie housekeeper snoring. OIUPTKli V. Gently J turned the handle of the door. It was not looked, and yielded to mv slight push. Creak, crack, ( rms. il Manured, j si»to«i nreatnu-ssiy. f-uiciy the .sleeper must have heard it ? No. the snoring eoiilimied. J rnfoir.t the room. Jl w in absolute darkness. >ave for one small iriteli which wn« just faintly illumined by tin starlit but moonless sky. 1 Spied away from that against tlie wall, and then 1 gnmned. imitating kg well us J was able, the dis mal, hollow moan which had so slut lied me in the cellar below . The. snoring ceased. There was a move ment on the bed. J groaned again. 1 heard the breathing coming quirk and short as of a woman in utnrt.il fear. My plan was progressing. Then suddenly f threw wide tjje cloak, and stood outlined in all uiy ghastly array. There was a stifled scream from tlie woman on the bed, and a quavering, horror-stricken voice said ; "Charles Mayfield \ " 1 had ?iioci»ed< d. rffie had taken ir.c for my brother. My plan wa« a Bncee.s. In as hollow and tragic a tone as i could adopt 1 said : " es. wretched woman, the spirit nf < 'liarlew Mavfield stands before you. His body lies cold and dead in the "Newgate cell. So Jang as von live will my ghostly presence haunt you." And in agonised tones there' came a piteous cry : " Merry J .Mercy 1 ' And iu the same "hollow tones as before i replied : " As much mercy as you have shown 1 he pqor starving wretch in lire cellar helow. As much mercy as v<»u shew me. A s much mercy as you had in your heart w hen your perjury sent- me lo a feinn's And soon. .J say soon, because these high-fa I till n" melodrama tie uUernijres of mine'! am afraid road a< being rather jdiiilie to an jntelligent leader m the broad light of day. Yon must remember the ciieumstauce.s attending their ulter- anei- to appreciati; their suc-'vss. A wmuan willi a guilty eousereneo and the training of a dourest ie servanl. suddenly awakened from lier sleep to find by.lrey bedside the spirit of Hie man . site has , wronged Xlocs not stop In he hvpererit ical oyer the language lire ghost used to her. But J do not propose to bore yon with hU 1 said nnd did. and all the eonfer-si«»n extvneted from licr lips. I obtained suliiceiit for the purpose i <)i«d . in view before she went oil iir.o a fainting lit. In that condition 1 lefl her, and went downstairs to the uflice. I wrote mil in her own words, as pearly as 1 rould remember Jlrem.ber confession, and before J had finished making a copy of it t could see the light of the eoming jiiorn gradually sleahng over tire shutter iojis. The confession ? >Ire had been in tlie merchant s service for years, She had ruled Ins house and him w itiiout direc tion; instruction. or question, \yiivn he inslroduced .a. flighty, discontented, gruiubK at-iverylliing'y»mng wrunan as a wife, irer hatred was ignited, and smouldered till the time eamc for it To leap into ;v (Univ. She foayed tire con- jjdaute witii the- wifo, and betrayed her to the hujdnuid. His nature was one wJimli, wlien satisfied that J| wns- beiyu dreejvod, stopped at . nothing. The dcviJi-h sciu-mi of puni.-hfog Aiio wifo i thiouch the cxeention of her lover the, mar. who had iviongcd hirri/atijiHaled io iiim, ami he:secqiided his houw»keepers if 0? ts with nil the earnestness whicJi iu him fo.y, I Why the honsekcrprt-'s fetrbng a'shiest my brother ' - .-.he ha.! s dnughter, a stdge-sfruck girl. >pe got an engage ment in the same e«iinpauy in which Ghatlie was pluyiug, and— well, J liave told you that he did mH' fly the high moral standard. m>« you mav . gne>- whal h;qn;'-»ie«i when J tell yon that the moiJrer swore lo i>e revenged. W-hen i?y lier Bpying about she saw tetters Pi her mist ress from Charlie, s!je tlreuglil I he cnnsunjuialtaii of her revcige was: Vihar al hand. Ajjd it was. JiereflurtXD- kill two birds willi -one striTn;!,;-pbaHy-T?t3P-. reeded. Oneofthn cnnftssionp 1 had- nmtien out I put in an envelope iwith n U-u.w selling out the wliyreabouis of the con- fossor. and the lyjiig-nt-the-poinL- of- deaih condition /6f 'tin; stipposed - to be ' murdered woman. To this 1 added tlie key of the Trout duor. ynd seyJipg ihe envelope, directed it to the sitperintett-' dent on duty at HenUand. Vkr<l, with an iiidorseiuent, ' Urgent. A matter of life and dentin" , . : Then, after lookiug, at the railway guide 1 went down lo tlie cellar again, taking willi nn nil the cushions 1 eould find. The poor girl wnpi in the same dazed condition. 1 fed lier yvfl.li aome ol , the ehemiat'e etufl.jbnd iD&kiiigin;# comfortable as ifiosailijij J wiflil . \|w» 1 cushions, left her, and .made for the Rtreet. ' f ' I ' The <aibflwej« jLrailing stable WHi.ds, and to the driver of one going west 1 gave lislf-a crown, and my lettei to .Scotland Yard, for iiutncttijtU " ffief livery. .lumping Into nhulhcr, X drove to Hie railway slulUiii.Xra to Eastbourne by Hie ili-sl trafij to see' the merehaut. J wanted u eoiifession fi-oni hini.loo, X did not intend to plav spy ghost pranks on hint. He was piqch,ioo. intelligent 3 niam Novell helfo'S IdtcV hot despair of getting what X ujinlvJ. a ihtiity i.titifeOicnce W, n splendid siring lo tiWHii when .vou wwd. -t-o cstruet con-" eisjoiial hn:si:c. . . Al the sla'« ior» J bad time for ft v.n<di and l iTisb up b» Jore the train rfovted. J w.i hi! nervou about my encouMci v Alii the mcruh«i|.l. ,X wofi areicd !cril.v with a ooi.y ol 'the eonfeftion.' But! Llfotight thing qbV m the train ran :dvnvxi« Arrived, £ eouht out the street in which my mau lived. At the corner of it I saw u policeman. I went to him and ! said—. a i have coins down to collect en account from a man -staying at No. 24. He's threatened to throw nre out if J. apoly for lite money again. Ho yon mind coming arid standing outside the 4ilape whilst I go in ' "'i 'can't do; that; witliout tliu ser- geaiiVs inilnietiows. iVou'll have to go \ io t jie no- — ' ; h 't don't want' yu to' do anything outside your duty. 1 only\vHnl you aldpii miteidc 1 he honse' so as te see there is no breach of the peiiee. Just stop then.1 so that from the window lie can see ynti, llud's all ; you need not slop live min utes.'' J doir'l think I can do even that." But a <oup!c«.»f hulf-jcrwvn nieces slip.-, ped into-the pahii' <jf4iikband nt.-iile Ipiii ' Milnk fjiilte 'fUfliavnily; So -wliili " 1 'entered lire open street door of No. 24, ami was quesl , foiling. Hie Jodging-h«use - sIuI jib to which roomy the merchant occupied, the ionstaljle stood on the op posite side of tire way watching, _ \- ! went straight "iip'to the iiierehanlV room. I epli red it. He was silting at a table writing. He evidently took me for apot.Jicr lodtw. for belaid.: r-\ ' Exeuw liie. i.tliiiik you have ninderi ' miKtaker" M Excuse nie.bul 1 don't think i have...! My name is .larvis. detective, Scotland Yard. There's a i|'4H«-ant.fMit for yon for- perjury, eouspiraey. falsi imprisonment." ami attempt to murder your wife." ? - lie. turned veiy white ami f4ll laek in his chair", but lor a moment J?e did not: speak. Then Ire, rid : \ liow did ypu find it . out ? " By way of answer 1 read hiiq .t)ic.-eftn- fession. He seioned speltfoiurid. Then sn«hh nly he spVan'g to his feet. and. itiude for the door. But J was too. quick for him,. .J. reached (he door first, and put ting my hark aguiirei fo. saj.J . j . " Pon t pe a r/rtol.' " j.obk cut. of 'Hie window, llo yrut see the qilieeirlandiiig 0|H>o-ite : Tireie's ope .at each end of the street and two in Hie backyard.. You've Jig niuglj phanye of eacmpe as that tide out there has of not coining, jiif. .again." ; lie .stood by the window aitclil fora < moinenl . and 1 hop. he said": You'll take me up lo London, 1 stip- 'pofic r " r . . \Ycll."! I replied, throwing as. much meaning as i could into the torn of my voice. "I iriippnsc you would prefer. a journey to aiioilrer place, wiiere. for in stance'. there's no extradition tri'aty. with England. " He eauglit my meaning. He. looked. Up and said, as he drew a book full of bank notes from lus hret pocket : Jt would be worth £1,000 for me to, get on'. oT tips."' 44 I ;itu only a poo: policeman," 1 said, with a'grin. " S en tempt me." ' Will you take il and let pie go '' lie queried eagerly. "Well, yes," 1 answered, "on one eoudit ion, that you sit there and write out and sign a confession/' 4 J'il sign anything you like, if yn« . let ti»c go," lie replied, juukiiig up a i»en and drawing a sheet «"f papei near him. " Then write this : The confession annexed is absolutely true in every par ticular. My wife was not murdered. Sire was heavily drugged on t Ip- night of the appointment, and smeared with red paint, which in lire caudlc-lit bedroom and tire position sire uas put iu looked like Mood. Tire whole of the evidence . given at the trial (with the exception of tlie constable's) was false. The supposed murdered woman was concealed by my housekeeper during the Unrewvweroin tile street limiting .for the supposed murderer. Tlie scheme worked its we hn.1 anticipated: if it had uot.rfouc.ea, . my housekeeper whs standing in the shadow boh foil t he door. with a bludgeon to strike the constable senseless, r.ud 1 should have done the same, with the actor. AM trace of the supposed murder would have been removed, and the actor charged with burglariously entering my premises, . and murderously assaulting the pojhre.' Now," J continued, " sign that. Write across thi < "opy confession referred fo in tire annexed' ifoouurenl,' and sign that also. That's all. Now tire notes, and pack »p and say go-vi-bye quickly as possible. 1 can promise you oply six horns' start.'' ' Jt wjJI be enough," he said, grimly. " J. know the map of J!urope pretty well." When 1 hdtlhehoii.se iny friend the equ6j able had gone back to his euincr. 1 wririt to the railway station, and so up to Loudon. Then' is not much left lo tell. Were this ii.irraliqn all fiction J suppose a railway accident would have happened lol tJic train the merchant had escaped in, .and he would have ended liis life to thg.satisfae.tfoH ol (tie reader. Bm it did not. On the contrary, he. .get efonu away to a foreign country, where I be lieve lie at tlie present moment holds a 1 big public position. The hand ol retri butive justice is pretty freelv shed suobnd in , novels and on. the stage, but it make?, a poor show in real life. My brother r Liberated, nf course, butin all the mi#?vra bin years hedragced out after J neveronce saw Kim walk with head .enit or a smile round liis lips. J nevcrdreld him up as a model of morality but.! do fearlessly s;iy» that lie nyifiji'o -worne than hundreds of ntlrev men who are. looked up to and respected. . But J lis Juck.waa out very far. . . - The wife > Well', a inuvelfot Wiiriid,3.: supjiose, have restored her to Jieallli and , Jiappiuess. thinking sire had Jieen pun- rehed.i lethal .cellar sufficiently, "prntii coiripids JUe to say that her punishment only commenced tlrerg. she Iwk from tliat damp floor enough rjreuniatmm to rack every nerve, muscle, and libre oT her body f«»r the few yeara slie was able to Jive tlirouyli it. Jyuoiribg tin iiier- ehaiiL, J had) cp-ractcij fluit? Ahou;riid?' jiouuds for his wife's benefit, otherwise fire iv en Id have starved. J look upon myteJJ thn post of truslee, und -aire irevi'V i wanLsi any earthly comfort which money could procur. But. as omHqf tlie doctors said Ift jut1, she was kOfi<ring, and wonldfso sttflnr, €iU'.dtitfC4U»»sed her, it& tortures of "" . .<top. I t»yU<l 'jvtei b"n ti e 'u-foe had Mo part in this, Jt did take a hand in the ganre after all. When the police, hadfetclied Hie wife from tlie <-elIar,nnd given Jn-r nredieal attention, tliev went upstairs lo thy Unusekvydfiri bcdrixmx. She had displayed an effective talent f6r tyiurtfiingHAwrice Is-fore— Uh' upfoiv tunate.Vduria)i- iii the cellar find lieiself to li'Tjafftsler. w TXer (InaTeflnrl was an" even grealer success. She Jiad evidently, Atriod on a chair to lieliereeff this t imc— by" the neck lo a nal-pcg, for when the police ppslu) fijreh Hid doUrfthey found it moved peavify. shy was hanging bc.r Jiiod it, with Maokdace and jwotrud- ijtjj longue : r Jhhe Jiad tied the eharacierH of Ibis -JUtle draina itilnq knot jiurfo.-lrec life-c lime, whfulillwna ableb uiilfo.d»ul1lie- knot which eompassed her death there Was no vUiqfoipe, i i n f '.v MoHjtd slrtiy, 15 If not r 'No weHdmg bells to wind up witli, no red fire, no limelight on the: final taMcaii. Abu hAd! heUer liave jiicki'd up an , Aip-hndaie ttoefoty novel. Tbh is ;uuch >#Lranger,l'is ; it not h But tlipii UYuth 'is, vou know. . ' '(the End.). " ! . 