THE UNKNOWN. A STUDY OF PSYCHIC PHENOMENA. SOME of the most in- teresting chapters in M. Flammarion's fascina- ting book, "The Un- known," are composed of incidents which have been assiduously col- ected by the author, and, which shows the in fluence exerted by dying persons on friends and relatives at a distance. On the scientific value of these incidents, M. Flammarion lays much stress. Remarkable tales they certainly are. Ac cording to him, it is only by a close study of such testimony that one can hope to arrive at the truth regarding occult manifestations, and it is because they have guided him in this direc tion that they form suoh a prominent part of his book. In the following extracts all the polite formulas, as well as the assurances of sincerity and moral certainty, are omitted. Every correspondent af firms on his word of honor that he is stating tho facts exactly as he knows them. 'I was going to bed about half-past 9 o'clock on May 8. 1896, when I felt something like ' an electric shock stir me from my heart to my feet. ? My mother, I must tell you, had been ill for some months, but we had no reason to suppose that her condition would suddenly become worse. The shock was so strange, so novel, that I at once, and without thinking, attributed it to my mother's j death. Owing to my emotion, I was unable to fall asleep until very late, and then it was with the conviction that I would receive next morning a dispatch announcing the bad news. My mother was then living at a place 60 kilometres from 'Moulins. 'A dispatch next morning bade me go to her at once. I went, and found her almost unconscious. She died the next day — about thirty hours after I had received the warning. 'The persons who attended her told me that the internal hemorrhage, which was the cause of her death, had prostrated her at half-past 9 o'clock on May 8, which was the very time at which the strange warning had reached me. 'Abbe L. Forestier, 'Vicar of Saint Pierre (Moulins).' 'In consequence of your request, I consider it my duty to tell you of an occurrence whicli took place here, and which caused considerable commotion among most of the inhabitants of the town. Here it is exactly as it occurred: — "A lad, 15 years old, who was in service with M. Y. M., was told by the latter one day to take the cattle to water. I should say here that the father of the boy had been seriously ill for two days, having contracted Inflammation of the chest at a fair near Chamberet, and that the fact of his illness had been concealed from the boy. 'Now, when he was about thirty yards away from the stable, and was near the watering-place, the boy saw, all of a sudden, two arms raised in the air, and then the form of a ghost, and the nest second he heard mournful cries, intermingled with groans. The shock was so great that he fainted, for he fancied that he had seen his fa ther. The time when this occurred was between half-past 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening. 'The fattier died next morning at half-past 4 o'clock. During the previous evening, and while his suffering was most intense, he had asked seve ral times for his son. 'Ample proof of this fact can be given by a hundred of the most reputable persons in Cham beret. . 'C. Dufaure, Druggist at Chamberet.' 'The following Incident may be worthy of your notice: — M. Destrube, bandmaster of the 114th Re giment, and a man of great integrity, was some years ago suddenly aroused from sleep by a voice calling 'Narcisse.' 'At the sound of his own name, Destrube, who was positive that it was his father's voice, sat up In bed and answered the call. This occurred between midnight and i o'clock in the morning. 'Some hours later Destrube received a telegram informing him of his father's death, which had taken place in the night, and about the very hour when he had felt so certain that his father had called him. 'Destrube, who was then stationed at Saint Maixent, went to the funeral at Vaubecourt, and there he learned that the last word which the dying father had uttered was 'Narcisse.' 'If this story is of any use to you in connection with the interesting work on which you are en gaged I shall be well repaid for bringing it to your .notice, ' and, If necessary, my friend Destrube is .prepared to furnish a further proof of its authen ticity. 'Sorlet, 'Captain of the 137th Regiment, at 'Fontenay-le-comte.' 'In June, 1879, one of my cousins was doing volunteer service at Bayonne, which is about 400 kilometres from his parents' home, in the north of Charente-Inferieure. 'His mother one day entered the room which was usually occupied by him, and she saw him very distinctly stretched motionless on his bed. The sight made a deep impression on her. Some hours later a friend of the family came to the house and entered into a private conversation with her husband, the father of the young sol dier. They talked earnestly in the middle of a very large park, and his mother, who was stand ing at her door, about 40 or 50 yards' distant, heard the friend, who was speaking in a very low voice, say to her husband, 'Do not tell your wife.' The moment she heard these words she cried out that her son was dead. 'Now, on that very morning her son, after re turning from a march, had gone to bathe at Biar ritz, and was drowned there at the very time when the apparition appeared. The family heard the sad news from a friend, who had received a telegram from one of the dead man's comrades, and who had been asked to break the news to the parents." 'Chemaux, Registrar's Office, Juvigny. 'My great- aunt, Mme. de Thiriet, felt on April 21, 1807, that her death was near at hand, and four Or five hours before she died she seemed to be wholly lost in thought. 'Do you feel worse?' asked the person who told me the story. 'No, my dear,' was the reply; 'but I have just sent word to Midon to attend to my funeral.' 'Midon had been in her service, and she lived at Eulmont, a village which is 10 kilometres from Nancy, wherey Mme. de Thiriet's home then was. The person who attended the «sufferer during her last moments believed that she was dreaming, but great was her surprise two hours afterwards to see Midon, with her black clothes in her arms. Being questioned, she said she had heard madame call her and express a wish tnat she should see her die and perform the last duties for her. 'A. D'Arbois de Jubainville, 'Water and Forest Commissioner (retired), Che valier of the Legion of Honor. Nancy.' 