TELL THE BOYS TO PUULTOOETHER. When the h«te .1. A. MclMieraon, the one-time lirluved leader of the South Australian Ld>or jmijht, lay on his living IhmI, this wus the mes sage sent liv lulu to his followers throughout the colony. I'roluihly we know of dead utul gone states men whose dying messages have lH*en more eloquent, more touching, more likely to appeal to the senti mental side oF human nature, hut to me the last words of _one, who was so loved and respected by his followers, art* the very essence of genuine democratic aspiration, and are worthy of being enshrined in the hearts of those who hope and work for the social regeneration of mankind. Never was so earnest uu exhortation so sadly needed as at the present time, never was there such a need for a militant united party, marshalling in its ranks all the scattered units so pitifully weak in their isolated existence : yet so strong, such a power for good when handed together in a disciplined force. The wonderful advance of civilisation in certain channels, to which the wonderful genius of our many inventors lias proved so es sential a factor, lias made a state of society possible—mark well, pos sible—in which the hitter protest of poverty would never Ik* heard, and in which contentment and happiness would lie the birthright of all. Unfortunately, this advance in civilisation sceins destined to lie dogged and shadowed hy the ghost of a terrible Imriiarism which mars and nullities the effects of that advancement which should carry in its train a more harmonious arrange ment of the social system. Yet it is only necessary to look around us to see what a miserable cessjHKil of life human society is. Look at the match factory girl disfigured with phossy-jaw, the blind jmttery worker, the miserable tax-ridden* Italian peasant, the degraded slum-dweller, or the shiftless, miserable trump or loafer, so painfully evident every where, and tell me, are these the product of a well-regulated Society. I-ook at the millionaire who owns a bathroom costing ten, twenty, or fifty thousand pounds, who gives recherche banquet- and entertain ments costing a king's ransom. " While hard by the stream of life Is like a foul and stagnant pond." And tell me are these the products of a well-regulated society. Note well how merrily the trusts and combines are gaining control of the means of production and distribu tion, especial 1 j- in America, and to a^ lesser extent in Great Britain. Kvery mail which arrives contains a record of the immense aggrega tions of Joint Stock companies, which are gaining control of nearly every industry, and it is now pos sible for a coterie of millionaire monopolists, with one stroke of the pen, to paralyse the business in a dozen States, and condemn hundreds of thousands of workmen and their families to the poverty and misery consequent on the loss of tlieir em ployment. I ask ugatu, are these the products of a well-regulated society ? Yet we continue along in the same old way, splitting up into numberless factions, swayed this way and that, while the lesson is la-iiig continually dinned into our cars "to pull together.*" The masses to-d:iy are engaged in a monster tug-of-war, a tug for sultsistence and life, against the mighty forces of mono}M»ly ; but instead of pulling t«»getlier as one man, tlicy exert their strength one against the other, and arc pulled over the mark every time. Yet, surely, the value of combination, of pulling together, is a lesson that has Im*oii so vividly impressed «»n the minds of the people, that the veriest child may tintlerstaiid. its glorious examples ; are so indelibly written in the political ami industrial history of the world tliat he who runs may wad. Take, for instance, the dockers in Kiigium!; at mie time an illiterate autl hopelessly brutulised In sly of men, ignorant of tfades IllllollUUX) IVlluRllit (if crwrrthina in tin* way of recreation, pleasure, intellectual enjoyments, and the many other necessities of a life worth living : fighting like brutes for the privilege of working "14 hours a day for a miserable exist ence. Thank God, theiv were some amongst their ranks who prayed and longed for something higher and nobler than to he human beasts of burden, and although the lesson was iwinfully slow, they ultimately pulled together to such purpose that tliey are now one of the strongest" and most progressive unions in the world. A similar evolution took place in the condi tion of the coal miners in the North of England, and the aliolitioii of child labor in factories, the securing of eight-hour day, and the many labor laws passed in various coun- j tries are the certain result of com bination. It is not necessary, how ever, to go beyond the confines of our own particular ^district to .note the beneficial result of pulling to gether. Nearly every trade is organised, and, as a result, ^ they have been able to defeat insidious influences which were creeping in, and which threatened to reduce the wages of the various trades to the non-unionistic level. The labor i organisation is the school in which the worker first gathers an impres sion of the higher plane of life, which is so easily attainable by a little self-sacrifice. In it his intelli gence is awakened, he learns the value of discipline, and is initiated into the hopeful possibilities of .co operation, Here for the first time he learns to snliordmate his own selfish desires to the good of his fellow-members : here he is taught that the lilierty of the individual is bounded by the welfare of his feilow-men. Membership in a Trades Union is one of the best working men's investments extant, and the small weekly subscription is paid back a hundred- fold in the assurance of fair wages for reason able hours. But the mere joining of a union is not sufficient for our purpose, although it seems to l>e the accepted opinion of many unionists. It is absolutely necessary that the members should take a lively in terest in the welfare of their society, attend the meetings, assist their officers, make hew converts, and to u pull together" in the truest and best sense of the term. There is i nothing which discourages our officers more than to see the lack of interest among the- members* and we cannot blame them if, as a con | sequence of this want of apprecia tion and assistance, they lose that | esprit de corps which is essential to the success of any organisation. It I is also the fashion for these stay ! ways to adversely criticise every thing which is done by those mem bers who do take sufficient interest to attend the meetings and transact the business, and as a result disputes and dissensions are laid bare to the world, where all should appear co operative harmony. The union meeting is the place where the pros and cons of all questions should be discussed, and tile arena where the opposing phalanxes should blow off the surplus warmth of debute, but a decision once arrived at, the workers should pull together heartily to , carry their decisions into effect. 1 have spoken of the union as a school in which the workers first attune their minds to the higher aspirations of life, yet although absolutely es sential in the evolution of economic freedom, it is but the stepping-stone to greater spheres of usefulness. When we picture the boundless possibilities which lie lief ore us. like the heavenly vistas of some Utopian Commonwealth, yet aw so near and easy of attainment through the medium of co-operation, it seems to me to Ik* the acme of bitter irony that the lesson is yet unlearned. We might gather the harvest of the . fields, the riches of the mines, the finished products of the workshops for the community whose labor produced that wealth, instead of allowing the exploiters of industry to step in and reap where they TOM1 *■ Allah! Allahcriod the Htnuigor. WonrlmiK* Might* the traveller neeH. But. the latent in the greateat Where the drone* control the been." Our argosies might Hiiil proudly oVr the seas, carrying the produce of well- recompensed ami contented labor, manned once more by the true British Jack Tar, who in the past hiiH done so much to uphold England's greatness and glory—and we would wipe out the national dis grace which permits of the people being taxed to subsidise the steam ships of wealthy corporations with out a soul to he damned—who man their vessels with cheap, nasty and uiireliable alien labor, while the British seaman, unemployed and hopeless, falls a victim to the de grading vices which flourish in the seaports of the world. What might he, and what is, a gulf as wide ami deep as Erebus divideH them, yet the bridge to span it is ready to hand if we hut have as our motto, the impetus of our daily actions, that grand message, "Tell the boys to.pull together." Side by side with the organisation of industry must go on the organisa tion of our political forces for the purpose of securing control of the legislative and administrative l>odies, and utilising the eneigy of the unions to ftame permanent laws to protect the workers (the great majority of the community) from the exploiters of industry. Labor in politics is the natural sequence of laI>or in economics, for if the workers find it necessary to com bine together to make temporary laws for their mutual benefit and protection, it should he doubly necessary for them to pull together when electing representatives, who will make almost permanent laws, slow and difficult of amendment, and the operations of which cover a much wider area. Finally, I would ask of non unionists how can yon justify your aloofness from the union of your fellow-men Y Some of you may err through ignorance, some through that lack of manliness and straight forwardness which relegates the unfortunate individual to the ranks of the smoogers ::f but you are not all ignorant, nor arc you all lacking in manly principle. If you hold aloof because you distrust the leaders or because the policy is not precisely what you think it should be, it shows that you skirk your responsi bility, your proper place is in the union to see that trustworthy men are elected, and to assist in making the union more effective: if you hold aloof because you are frightened that it will injure your position or deprive you of your job, it shows a lack of courage, and your very fear of consequences assists to enslave those who have the courage to help themselves by combination ; but if you hold aloof because you selfishly imagine that you c/t.i enjoy the fruits of other men's sacrifice and loyalty to principle you are short sighted, mean and contemptible, and hardly-worthy to cumber the highway of life. 