LOVE & JEflLOUSY. B Si JIDIJHL IN FOUE PAETS. PAST III. It is July, and the evening before the boys depart from St. Dunstable for hsnie and the midsummer holidays. It bag always been a custom with the boys at the Vicarage to get up amongst themselves at ' breaking-tip ' time Borne kind of entertainment to celebrate the* event. Last Christmas they got up a canp&rt; * than .Tiilv the.v hnrA Hptoi* mined on theatricals ; and, after the acting, in honour of fiosalind's engage ment, as Rosalind herself demurely suggests— an engagement which by this time is known and approved of through out St. T)unstable and its vicinity — there is to be a dance, a form of dis Bi pat ion hitherto undreamed of at the quiet Vicarage of St. Dunstable. ? So on this night, before the day of departure for the holiday*, the Vicarage rooms are brilliant with much illumina tion. The acting-in which Mr. Blount the usher, being no actor, wisely prefers to take no part, and during which he sits unobtrusively among the audience is over, and the dancing has begun. AH 'the ' best people ' in St. Duustable have been invited. The study has served for a theatre, the Bpacious old drawing-room has been transformed into a ball-room. 'Oh, the litter and bother and con fusion that to-morrow will bring!' groans ? Miss Melissa, gaunt and Quakerish in her best grey gown, as she. watches the dancers with unsmiling countenance, just as half an houf before she bad watched - that heathenish play acting.' . Tjie local musicians are working with a will. Miss Melissa jerkily gathers her shawl round her shoulders and stalks off to see that the maids in the dining- room ore not making too free with the refreshments. Rosalind, in clomdy tulle of the colour of forget eae-nots, and with a silver ?wreath on her golden head, is resting by an open window. She is looking radiant. She has been waltzing the r' Dreamland ' waltz with Norman Lingard, who has, just left her to get her an ice. As she sits there alone, a stooping angular figure in- shabby evening-dress comes slowly up to where she- sits, all UBConscious of his approach, and silently -stands before her. There is an evil light is. the man's moody eyes — murder and' revenge, in fact, is indelibly illuminating them; Bosalind, meeting their gaee, recoils involun tarily. * 'Mr. Blonnt,' she sayi, laughing uneasily, ' how ghostly you atel You startled me horribly. Heally yon are quite too dreadfully ? What shall I say?' 'She' leaves the sentence unfinished, buries -her. 'pretty nose in her huge white: bp.urjuekT-&B;.. ^choice gift of Norman Iiingard — and then looks out upon tlie dewy beds of mignpnnette. - 1 W*H,' says Blount doggedly, 'what am I.Jtfiss Cajlyon*' Rosalind shrugs her shoulders without turning her head.' 9 'Mysteriousihen.'ghesayacarelessly, 'if. you will have it.' 'Ahl' he says abruptly*- frowning,, and takes Norman's vacant place on the ' oouoh by [Rosalind's aide. 'You think; lam mysterious, do you?1 he gees on; ASfthegirl.iaftere.cold stare of surprise at 'his -presumption, fans ; herself Jan guidly wi^h av,eried face. 'Perhaps I * ' am. At any rate lam Jjotfaliej: better W.'my.BterXous than that. You have' now I been - engaged, to - Mr* , Jf orman. Ling^'for nearly three weeks; I have d«ring.th»t time seen you constantly in his society; and yet I have not once* ,'? spoken tojrou oa the subject :6t your ? ; engagement or t congratulated' you on ?your present state of feUcityi €»n you however- wonder. .that 1, thpuld avoid you?' ' And I am sure I do not want your congratulations now, Mr. Blount,1 says the girl pettishly, ignoring the question and annoyed at his manner, if not a little scared at it. Where on earth -was Noi-mnti t What a time he has gone to be sure ! ' Pardon me,' continues '8et1i Blount immovably, 'for my negligence, my apparent want of feeling. I will make atonement now for my lack of courtesy, and wish' you every ? ' 1 Thanks,' snys Rosalind coldly ; ' you are very good. And now do -you mind moving, please? — for you are in Mr. Iiingard's place., and I see him coming over to us.' Norman is with difficulty making his way through the crowd. He is con siderably taller than any one else preeent, and he smiles at Rosalind over the heads of the promenaders. The usher rises, but, bending over the Doctor's daughter, says distiuctly in her ear: ' Does your lover know — have you yet told him— of that little affair between you and me in the days before he came home V The girl looks up quickly ; her flower hke face blanches, and her blue eye's— in spite of her effort to appear dignified aud at ease — quail perceptibly before his. , I do not understand you, Mr. Blount — I really do not undfitgtand you What do you mean!' 'That is false t you understand quite well what I mean 1' he answers between his wolfish teeth. 'I shall speak to your lover myself. At this Rosalind Carlyon throws off the mask. Sh'e is terribly frightened ', Bhe has never dreamed that the usher 'would be so hard and cruel on her. She lifts her pale face piteously. ' No, no, no !' she says hurriedly. | 'I beg of yon, Mr. Blount, to say nothing to Norman. You are cruel to torment me in this fashion !' Norman, she is thinking wildly, is so noble and irue ; he is so strict now in all his notions, especially in regard to a women's conduct. What would he say if he were to hear of her heartless coquetry and of the pranks she has' played with other men 3 He would throw her ever if he were to hear ; be would have nothing more to do with her, she is certain. She is faint with appre hension. Norman Ijngard by degrees comes nearer aud nearer through, the crowd. , * You must not---indeed you must not, say anything to Norman. I again beseech of you, Mr. Blount, to keep your mouth closed !' she gasps out, her little hands meeting convulsively in her lap round the stalks of Norman's flowers. ' You will not be so pitiless, I am sure 1 I will speak to you to morrow I I will — I will- ? ' ' Call me by my Christian name then,' be says rouphly, looking hungrily down on the pale uplifted face with yearning and passion in iiis cruel eyes. ' It will, not be the first time.' He can humiliate her no further; Norman is close at hand. ' Seth, spare me !'— the words scarcely audible. ' I am sorry, .Rosalind,' says Norman, coming up, * to have been so long away ; but there was a regular block at the refreshment department. My darling'1 —suddenly observing the pallor of her face — 'how pale you lookl .Are you HvtAV \- ' xes — mo room is sureocauug, sne says. ' I do not want to dance again at present. Take me into the garden, Norman.' He puts down on the seat the good things he has brought her, and holds out his arm to her at once. Bosalind staggers to her feet. The usher's uncouth figure bars the way. ' Excuse me, Miss , Carlyon/ he says with intention ; ' you have not yet told me which dance you will give me to-night.' J. IIUVQ UUli UJIC ipib fcv ({'C jvu, wif Blount. My card is full.' \- ' You forget,' Blount says boldly, de liberately, 'you promised me /one. Which is it to be ?' She allows the lie to pass unchallenged, and glances dowa-her programme with eyes that can hardly see. *.I will give you the fourteenth,' she says faintly^' a quadrille ? ' ' ' Move aside man, can't you V Norman, interposes haughtily.. ' Don't you: per ceive that Miss Carlyon is unwell— why bother her now ¥ Beth Blount falls bapk with' an awk ward bow; and Sosuliiid and her stair, wart lover disappear from his jealous sight. ,?'..?? 'I bide my time,1 says the usher darkly, with an oath, bis «oul on fire. ' I will' have my revenge.' * * * » * , There is no formal '. s»trd»wn ' supper on these bwaking-up occasions aj Doctor Carlyon's house, but there is always a ?liberal collation to be found on the dining-room -fable, round which the .well-drilled i servants stand in wait tug, abd the guests/are expected, to go in and. feast .themselves when prompted by inclination -to do bo. It is. three-quarters of an hour after midnight, and, .Rosalind finds herself in the refreshment-room wtyh young Adair. .They have- been,, dauilng a polka together, and at* now come) hither to resruit themaelVeB :aft'$r,_ tfy- *xeHioiu Bosalind looks n little; fagged 1perhaps, and. there are purpl^.rirog under her eyes. Her bright .hair, -is .. slightly dishevelled, the silver wreatli-'juit « trifle on, cue side; Cb,e. cloudy blue -gown, which had. look«ai sonfrosh ani crisp at-the beginning.-bf the evening, is' ? v sadly crushed and spoilt now as she sits with young Adair. For all that, she is as gay and light-hearted as ever, and nobody suspects that the gaiety is forced. 1 Mr. Adair,' she says timidly, ' I have a favour to ask you.' 1 It is granted,' answers the lad gal lantly. ' And now let me hear it.' - ' I am engaged to you for the four teenth dance ' — hesitatingly. ' Yes.' ' . 1 Well, you must let me off, please,' says the girl earnestly. ' That is. the favour.' ' Oh, hang it all I' protests the lad in an injured tone. 'Is not that rather too hard on a fellow, Miss Carlyon ?' He is still very ' spoony,' as he calls it, on the Doctor's daughter ; but the knowledge of her engagement to the master of Cliff House is a wholesale check on any tendency to further foolishness in that direction. His virulent attack of calf-love is gradually abating as the days go by. ' Listen, to me, Mr. Adair,' Bosalind says, laying her hand on his coat-sleeve, in her pretty coaxing way — and who could resist the pleading of those lovely eyeB of her* ? ' I have danced with you once— that must satisfy you. It — it appears that I promised Mr. Blount a quadrille or something — at least, he declares I did— and I forgot all about it until my card was full; and— and then he came up and reminded me of my promise, and — and now he will not hear of a refusal, and is inclined to be nasty, don't you know 3 I am sure you will help me to pacify him, Mr. Adair — -fbu are so kind.1 'The blooming cadi' says young Adair fiercely. ' I'd like to pacify him by giving him a good hiding.' 'Will you release me?' — softly, her hand still resting on his arm. * I suppose I must ; I have given my word. But, hang it all,' Miss Carlyon, I wish I was giving up my dance to any other fellow but him— the little pup I I'd like to have him for a punching hag for just five minutes. I'd send him home with such a disfigured face that .his mother wouldn't know him.' 'Thank you exceedingly,' Bosalind hastens to say, with a smothered sigh of intense relief. ' And now let us forget that odious man and talk once more of your splendid acting.' 1 You really did not think me a duffer then, Miss Carlyon V says the young fellow eagerly, his vanity tickled by this delightful adulation. \ ' You were perfect,' answers the girl, with feverish emphasis. 'You were indeed V 'Ob, Miss Carlyon/ begins the lad impulsively, his flushed boyish face dangerously near to Rosalind's. Then the wild «weet strains of some favourite composer make themselves heard, and Bosalind jumps up. ' You must come and help me to find my partner,' she says quickly, 'or I shall lose this exquisite waltz. It is quite too lovely, is it not, Mr. Adair ? Come I' He sighs and obeys. ***** The cool dawn breaks through the sultry darkness, and the tired guests depart. Miss Melissa, as ' cross as two slicks,* is, wilh the assistance of a maid, ex tinguishing the flickering lights. In the dusky corner ef the wide old hall, a light coat over his evening-clothes, stands Norman Lingard with Hosalind Carlyon. He is the last to go. ' Make haste to bed, my dearest,' he says tenderly. ' You are as white as -a ghost. Have you enjoyed yourself as much, as you hoped ?' ' I have been with you, Norman,' she answers gently. ' How could I be otherwise than happy ?' He-holds her once more to his breast ; she clings to him as though she could never let him go. But he quits her at ibbi, a«u b ruga ?£ lreau sea, air owecpo in at the open door. Then Bosalind, in broad daylight, creeps upstairs to her room, and, in all her limp finery, the silver wreath still on her hair, throws herself upon the bed, and cries herself to sjeep. She is. bo faint and weary — bo glad to be alone at last. She danced with the usher, as ehe swore she should— danoed with him in silence, wilh a cold fear closing round her heart. His. stmnge silence was worse, than his speech ; ; the gloom, on his. rugged face .was horrible to see. At the last however, before taVing her to a seat, he did speak-;, and then Bosalind under stood thai; he was a .man who could, never forgive aor forget. 'I bide it j time/ he said sullenly. M wiljThaTe iuy*eveDge— never iearl' And theu.he left her. To Bs'€onoicdbd. 