A IAN AND A GENTLEMAN I \ BY RiCHARD MARSH, Author 0£ "The Beetle," "A Mystery," 'The Datehet Diamonds," "The Crime and the Criminals, etc., etc. CHAPTER XVI.— A GLIMPSE OF SUMMER. "Oh — li!" This was another great sigh. "But I shan't know what to get." "Nor I; zhat's a matter of no import ance." "They'll laugh at us." "Let them! We'll laugh back." "You're laughing at me now — you're not to." I "I won't, you may depend on it." "I don't know what things a lady ought ' to wear." "Well. I'll give you a hint; expense is a point to be considered. The things which cost most money — those are the things which a lady ought to wear. When you've arrived at that conclusion you've got some distance." "If I go into a slion and ask for tilings, ' they'll — make game of me." "Then you shan't go irito a shop and a?k for things; I tell you what we'll do. We'll draw up a list, put everything on It, every thing — down to the shoe-laces, and the rib- lions, and the thirteen trunks to hold the entire collection! And we'll brandish it in the shopman's face and say, 'Produce everything which is on that list — at once'.' And he'll produce it; and we shall look tin. and say nothing; only smile. "But — I shan't know what to put down 011 it." "Nor I; so, if we both know nothing an:' put our heads together, and, as it were, pool what we don't know, we may find out. At any rate, I propose we try." | They sat down at the table, or rather he sat. and she knelt on the floor at his side, and they tried. The compilation of that list was uncon scionably long in doing; and, by the time ' H was done, he was young again, and she —she was still a child. j It was the strangest day, that which fol- ; lowed. The weather had changed. The glass had risen, the skies were clear, the" sun was shining, there was no wind. Both ' were up betimes, especially considering- the hour at which they had retired— with the list to blame — but Pollie was first. When she woke up she wondered if she dreamed. Wast this hotel bedroom an apartment in the palace of which she had lead in penny numbeis — the palace in which the Duke of Morbihan resided, or the Prince of Putney, or the latest acton of the line of countless car's? How soft was the hed on which she was lying! When one is unused to beds, one appreciates the pliancy of a palliasse, and the luxury a mattress with decent springs! A "7 here was she? She remembered. And to morrow was her wedding-day! She sat up in bed with a start. To-morrow — her -wedding-day! She bad io say it over to herself before she could believe the thing was true. Her whole frame was in a flutter of excitement. And such a wedding-day it was to bed She sprang on to the floor. There wore her clothes, which he had bought lier. Seating herself "on the bed side, she examined them, inch by inch, stitch by stitch. What magnificent garments they were — a lady's! And they were hers! And she was to ' have more to-day. As she recalled soma of f lie items on that list, her pulses glowed. The thing was altogether too incredible. She dressed herself— a process which look some time. She was not quite sure how some of the garments ought to be worn; she tried them in different ways b?- fore deciding. ' The dress of dark blue serge, considering that it had been bought at a venture, lvady-made, was not by any means ill -fitting. She admired the silken linings. leaning strongly to the opinion that, for -their sake, it would be almost more in ac cordance with the perfect order of tilings to wear it inside out. As she surveyed her reflection in the mirror she decided, that, on the whole, it did not become her ill. If only her hair had been longer, and ihe ends more even! How much time . would it take for it to grow? In the next room she found there was a maid at work. She crept out again, abash- . ed. When she ventured in again, the maid . was gone. The fire burned brightly; the table was laid for breakfast. How splen did it all looked! - Did ladies. always live .amid surroundings of such splendor? She looked at the things upon - the table, anxious to learn their uses, so that her ignorance might pot shame her. While she was turning a butter-knife over and over, wondering- what it's place in creation might chance to be, the Gentleman, com- ing in, caught her with it in her hand. She dropped it with a clatter, her cheeks all flushed. Without a word, putting his bands upon her shoulders, he drew lier to him, and kissed her; whereupon she burst into tears. She had not thought that she was such a fool. 1 That shopping was a curiosity in proce dure. Her disposition was towards re- I malning in the room all day, and not show ing her face outside. She had. all at once, become afraid. But he would have none of i it. He ordered a brougham from the hotel, declaring that in it she would be safe. And it seemed that she was; though by no means at her ease. Her shyness was con tinually to the front. She was afraid of him; much more fearful of all the world beside. I ft every instance she needed persuasion before she could be Induced to cross .the . threshold of a shop ; all the time' site was In it she was on thorns. That she was the observed of all observers was plain. "While the fact occasioned him something like amusement, it caused her agony. She not only treated the assistants" who sold the goods with most unusual respect and deference, she even stood in awe of the goods which they were selling; being with difficulty induced to handle them at all, as if she feared that a touch would work their ruin. "Whatever shall I do with all those things?" she asked, when they were back again in the carriage. "Why, wear them, goose." "Wear them!" She looked at him with her big eyes open at their widest. "But I never shall be able to wear them ail- never!" You'll change your mind about all that." She drew a deep breath, as if she doubt ed it. Presently she %aid, in a whisper: "I'm afraid." "So it would seem; though it's a revela tion to me to learn that you're a coward." "I'm not— not in the ordinary way; but tliis, is different?" "How different?" ; "Ji's against nature." 1 "How is it against nature?" "That I should be sitting in a carriage with you, dressed like a lady, and buying all those lovely things." "Pollie, you're an idiot. Do you sup pose that what you call 'g-efitlemen' only- niairy what you call 'ladies'?" "I. don't know nothing about that. I . only know that I'm no fit wife for you." , j "Do you know liow andsome you are?" i "Go on! Don't talk such stuff!" | "If I were to dress you as you might be | dressed, and were then to show you on the j stage of any theatre Sn London, you'd ! have, at any rate, all the men in the iiouse , at your feet." ! "I don't want to show myself at the . theatre. Let them do it as likes that sort j of thing. I don't." | "I'm not saying or suggesting that you do. I am only stating a fact." "Look here— am I decent-looking? Tell me straight." She turned towards him. sitting so that j the light shining through both windows : lit up her eager face. "You are. We're not in Regent street. I'm willing to lay odds that, though you walk from end to. end of It, you'll not find a woman more decent-looking." "Honest?" "Hones:. A woman's looks depend a great deal upon the way in which she dresses; you may take my word for that. It's the same with a man.Am I not better- looking now than I was— the night before last?" m ""RfltViPr T cliniilri ihinlr trrm tv/ivq f Vaii don't look the same one bit." Her frankness seemed to amuse him. "If clothes make such a change in me what will they do in you? When you see yourself in the glass, decked out in some ,of the splendors which we've been buying, you'll fall in love with yourself, my dear." "Fall in love with jnyself ! Sure to do that, I am. But if I really am nice-looking it might make up for it a bit, -migtnn't it?„ He knew what she was thinking of, and laughed. "It might; I shouldn't be surprised if it did." He changed the. subject. "I don't feel like, going back to the hotel. Pollie, haves you ever been -to' Richmond?" She had not. She did not even seem to > know where Richmond was. So he took j her, there and then. They drove through I Piccadilly and the Hammersmith Road, over the bridge, through Barnes and Mortlake into the Park; she content, for the most part, to sit perfectly still, as if the mere delight of- being driven was en joyment enough for her. He sat back in his corner, watching her, as she sat back hi hers, wondering, as he noted the expression on her face, of what it was that she was thinking. But he did not ask; he was content to wonder. For, since the morning, a glow, as of satisfaction, had been mounting higher and higher in his veins.until now it posi tively seemed as if there shone on the world, this once again, the light which never was on sea or sky — yourh's golden liaze. Tt was odd. A: the bottom of the hill they got out and walked up to the Richmond Gate. It is true that under foot it was not parti cularly dry. But the snow had gone, and on the turf, that close-woven, springy turf, chrough which the water drains as . if by magic, it was not so bad. And they ! had neither of them been accustomed to pay much attention to damp feet. Most of the way they went up like two chil- ' dren, hand in hand. No one seeing them ; would have supposed that, only a few hours before they had been ragged, hun gry, flying- for their lives from the police, over the roofs, in the snow and wind at j night. The . metamorphosis, outwardly, was complete. He bore himself as became a | gentlemali. And if the student of phy siognomy, who saw his face, might have inclined strongly to the suspicion that he had "lived," he would hardly have sup posed that it was in any fashion unbe- coming to. a man of breeding-, birth and ; means, And she was such a handsome wench, and held herself so straight and looked at the world so boldly out of her big, black velvet eyes that though one felt that there was something bizarre : about the way in which she moved and wore her clothes, yet one forgave it her because of the atmosphere of life and health and vigor which she carried with her as she went. They stayed at the "Star and Garter" long enough to give the horse a bait, then, through the gathering darkness, drove back to the hotel. "It's been a pleasant day." She drew one of her big breaths before she answered, as if she wanted to get as much air as possible into her lungs. «'Y51 nanf i Tkot'e «r»t tins wnvH been my only day." "And to-morrow we're to be married. Won't that be another of your ouly days?" She did not answer. Within the vehicle it was dark, so that he could not see her face, but presently, by the sound, he knew that she was crying-. "Poliie, what's the matter? You're show ing a sudden fondness for tears." "I'm afraid!" she said. "Afraid? What of?" Again she did not answer; and in the silence over his own soul there crept a sense of fear. At their journey's end, as they alighted, a policeman chanced to be standing at the door of the hotel. When they reached their sitting-room, Mr Polhurston found that the color had gone from Pollie's cheeks; she was trembling. "He knew me!" She looked at him with eyes of frenzy. "Who knew you?" "That copper at the door." "Nonsense!" "He did— he looked at me— I saw him!" "Well, even- a policeman may look at a . person without conscious recognition. I| take it that you're not known to all the constables in town." | "But I've seen him before, and he's seen me. If he should come in here!" There came a tapping at the door. She| clutched Mr Polhurston by the arm. "Don't j let him come in, for God's sake, don't!" The door was opened without waiting for permission. A waiter entered to learn if they had any commands for dinner. If anything about the atti tude of' the pair — the woman clinging io uie man as ii tor me, cue man looking round with a startled mien- struck him as singular, nothing in his demeanor showed it. Mr Polhurston issued the necessary instructions; the waiter went. Then Mr Polhurston turned on Pollie. "My dear child, what is it,. that has come to you? I do not remember you as a nervous subject, or fanciful ; certainly not as a coward." Her alarm had not entirely abated, though shame had partly taken its place. "That was different; then I'd nothing to lose; now don't you see?" He. did sea— perceiving- her meaning as by a lightning flash. When they were ragged, cold, hungry, destitute, then all risks were none; the transition from bad j to worse could be, in any case, so slight, i Now, to pass from the warm light in ! which they were, to the outer, hideous, j eternal darkness which threatened be- yond, there was horror, terror, in the thought alone. It was this reflection which caused him to be oppressed by an indefinable sense of dread; which she did nothing to lessen. She still clung to his arm. "Let's go away from here!" He tried to laugh away her feat's. "What?- At once? Before dinner? No, thank you. Especially, as in any case, we shall he leaving in the morn ing." "Let's go to-night." "Where to?" "To where you said — America." "You're dreaming. Come, don't be silly. America's not just over the way, as you seem to suppose. In the morning it will be time enough to start." "It will be too late." "Nonsense! You're overstrung. The excitement has been too much fer you. You shall have some dinner and then go I straight to bed. A good night's sleep will ! drive all the cobwebs out of your brain, and in the morning you'll laugh at your own fancies." She rubbed her hand across her brow — as if her head was feverish. "I wish you'd come to-night— I wish you would." He led her to her bedroom laugh ingly. "Be so good, young lady, as to .go in there and prepare for eating. It's just possible that you may find that a sponge will freshen you— only don't be long. You heard me order dinner to be ready in half an hour, and here punctuality's ob served. ' The meal seemed to hayeSnuch appeBtfe.-Jljfawas i little conversation,, ,ghe . hard 1 y at j all. The5p-tetenqe ,oF;-lK|eanjjdiiess j with whieh\h&\- .endeavored to frighten j the occasion \aSsfib;-signaL-a-aillurp, that I very soon he gsug 'itfnp,. i;<Majj»Hfg into . silence, too . AlmoSpfl-sbfiias dinner was concluded, acting on his suggestion, she retired to her own room— if not to rest. There was singularity in the fashion of her good night. Kneeling by his chair, holding him close to her, she kissed him twice, thrice, and yet again. She had been, apparently, so cold and self-con tained, that the display of affection took him by surprise. a uui>e yuu won l anow marriage to put a period to this kind of thing." She did not reply to him directly, seem ing to be following a train of thought of her own. "You'll think of me?" she said. "Sleeping and waking, the whole night long." She eyed him earnestly her glance con veying- the impression that he had not said exactly what she would have wished him to. Her next words seemed to be pregnant with a meaning which was hardly on the surface. "I'll think of you, and of to-day." He exchanged with her look for look, with an air of seriousness in which there was more than a touch of whimsicality. "I don't think we shall either of us forget to - day —ever. ' ' — 'Never ! " She got up and went to her bedroom. And, as she went, he heard her sob. CHAPTER XXVI.— AT DEAD OF NIGHT. The church clock struck two. The re verberation of the second stroke died away as Pollie opened her bedroom door an inch or two. She listened. All was | still. She opened it a little wider, listen- | ing yet. There was not a sound. The j lights in the sitting room were out, but the fire still burned brightly in the grate. , The flickering flames illuminated the I apartment by fits and starts, now dying away and leaving all in shadow, now flashing into fitful glamor, so as to throw particular objects into prominent relief, t She drew her shawl about her closer. She had not realised that she was cold until she saw the fire. She hesitated ; should she get some of Its warmth into her veins before she wenf9 Tt nmi.u one more memory to carry away with her, her last "warm" at his fire. She went to it, leaning over and extending her hands. By the light of its flames one could see that she was no longer clad in the costume Which she had worn throughout the day, with such pride in its glory; she was once more in her rags. After a while, standing up, she turned her face towards the door of Blaise Pol- hurston's room. She passed the fingers of her right hand to and . fro between her lips ,as if in a paroxysm cf nervous ir resolution. "I wouldn't wake him! I wouldn't wake him!" She repeated this to herself, over ana over again, as if striving at self-convic tion. She moved quickly to the door. "Gentleman! Gentleman!" she whis pered. There was passion in her voice, as well as pathos, and a wild despair. "Good- bye! I'd never have been the kind of wife you ought to have, never! It's besl like this — best for both of us. God bless you! Are you dreaming of me?" There was a break in her speech; a sob in her throat. Bending forward, she pressed lier lips against the panel. And that same instant the door was opened from within. The handle was turned with a sudden click, the door drawn right back upon its hinges, and Blaise Polhurston came hastily striding into the room. The thing was done so suddenly that the girl still had her lips pressed against the panels when, as it seemed, they were snatched away from her; she had no tima to withdraw before Blaise Polhurston was pushing past. "Gentleman!" she cried. Cowering, she shrank back against the wall. She expec ted him to turn upon her with reproaches; at least to demand an explanation of her presence there. But he did neither. It was a minute or more before she realised that she was unperceived, that he ignored her utterly. When the consciousness that this was so began to dawn upon her slie was filled with sensations of mingled wonder and awe. ah: Hies oiny pa.ruy aiessea, naving thrown a dressing-gown over his trousers and night-shirt. The dressing-gown, be ing unfastened, flapped open as he moved, seeming to throw his tall, thin figure into ominous relief. His hair was dishevelled. He carried no light, but, as he entered, a coal fell down in the fire; the flames shot up, as if In greeting. He moved to the centre, and paused, the girl momen tarily expecting him to turn and dlscovei lier, wondering how he could have passed her undetected. Presently he began to speak — she per ceiving with increasing surprise thatitwas to himself he spoke, apparently oblivious of the possibility of liis being overheard. There was an odd quality in his voice- frenzy, agony, as if the words were being wrung from him in clots of blood. The first word lie uttered was her name. "Pollie! Pollie! Pollie!" "tree times over, in a crescendo scale. The girl, crouching in the corner, began to tremble. What was coming? What was about to happen? It was strange ta hear him call to her, as it seemed, from 4k « ii l-» r f R nnl!' In A itamniiitniv nil lii; ucj/iii ui. uio iicai t, tig a an the time unconscious of her close propin quity. . "She's ill! How ill! Fallen down in the street, and carried home. Home! What a home! Hunger, weakness, ex haustion — that's what it is. Cold, expo sure, scanty clothing, no food— that's who's laid lier here. A doctor'd say, give her plenty of nourishing food; good wine —that's the medicine he'd prescribe for a case like this. Ye gods!" He laughed — a laugh which set his hearer shivering. A flood of memory swept over her. She remembered how, during a spell of bitter weather, luck had gone dead against her; how, practically, fqr days together she had had to go without food— how, at last, she had fallen in the street, and been borne, senseless, to the garret which she called home — how he found her still un conscious. Was this time being brought back to his nightmare-haunted brain, so that, asleep, he was enacting his dream before her eyes? So soon as she suspec ted that this might be the case, her limbs seemed to become paralysed; as if spell bound she continued to watch him. She saw him, by the flickering twilight, drop upon one knee, and bend forward, as if stooping over some object which ha perceived to be in front of him. Extend ing his left arm, he moved his hand, gent ly, to and fro, imitating the gesture with which one soothes' a person's brow. "Pollie! Pollie!" With what tender ness he pronounced the name! How her hearl melted within her as she heard! "How cold you are! How cold— and how. still! Pollie!" Again the clinging tender ness. The tears started to the listener's eyes. "Wake up — open your eyes— look a- wo aViiI/?! Tt'c Y2<ant1oman ! "Hnn't lia so still— it's the first time I've askedyou to look at me in vain!" For a few seconds longer he continued the gentle movement of his hand. Then his arm dropped to his side, as with a gesture of despair. "What shall I do? What shall I do? Starving ! In this great storehouse of food!" , He stood up, remaining. motionless, witfi head a little bowed, as If looking down at the silent figure which was at his side. ' "Where shall I find the wherewithal with which to buy her food? I've begged —begged!" He laughed— again that un comfortable laugh which had set her shivering. "I've not found the profits which they say the trade brings in. Per haps that's because I am unpractised. There's no time to gain proficiency. -I', must get food for her to-night; and— for me. But how? How? With nothing o&us;! 'SSfMwsXmpXjBe It iayg us .thece!" BMBBMliail8«3 rfiere. hfe oecerfvea the mattressat his' feet -ban'apaove hurriedly, jfro.ns If he was «i<3eavor- HbBMBPMpwwm"' tbwesolye a problem Wordscame y-tjm apscpnnectea phrases. jY"'.' leoiild not do it if two, it may be' bfrfley≠'y-at . once, or not fcw';:&.pfpa""ip':kep' alive;' that's |r« how iUsiAnds.'' - ' ; jjlt-'-U. -ffipiil% his hervous movements, feiSM4fo'-jfife"-A%iame' came from his fe'i;JSj©,fi.jirt6Meclpqy7- r' ='' '" :9iajjihapoi>Hi" ' Then, as if 'f ' waking, all at once, to comprehension of ' the thing", which he had said, he extended g. - his arms in a burst of sudden passion. «?v - > "Gursehim! Curse him! May he be treb- i' ly damned!" :>-r Again he dropped beside the imaginary — , pallet, this time on both his knees. : -: "Pollie! Pollie!" There were tears in \- '-his voice, which increased the streams ' which were pouring down the listener's ; cheeks. "Don't lie there so still— don't, '%': don't! Open your eyes— look up at me — -; speak to me, Pollie, speak!" But, apparently, his appeal remained unheeded. On his face, as revealed by the flre-light, was anligony of supplication. "Pollie! Pollie! Pollie!" he murmured, ler and over again. Jhen he sprang back to his feet, with a vdden access of determination. " '.'She shall not die, that is certain ; not if any action of mine can keep her alive. There are ways and means of getting money — always ways and means. I have heard it said a hundred thousand times— I know it of my own knowledge. Why should I stop to consider what things are lawful when there's death to fight? Against that foe all things are lawful, God knows! Death comes quick; he does not wait, cap in hand, for you to stand considering. You must beat him with any weapon— yes, at once!— now.'— or you'll be beaten; and that defeat there's no retrieving, God knows! I'll go at once to Shapcott, and I'll beg of him for her life." He hesitated, as if he had still not suc ceeded in bringing himself quite to the slicking point. Then, once more, knelt down. "Pollie, it's for you. God help us both!" When again he rose to his feet, his words and manner suggested that the scene in his vision had changed, as, in our dreams, scenes do change, with kaleidoscopic suddeness. His attitude as sumed a rigidity of horror which it was unpleasant even to contemplate. He stood so that the fire shone on his fea tures; nothing in the expression of his face, or in the bearing, was hidden from tne gin scaring, an ueiuuuns, nun, corner. He looked like a man might look who sees a ghost; as if he were compelled to ' glare, willy-nilly, at some object of horror, the mere sight of which froze the blood in his veins. As Pollie watched, something of the horror which held him as in avyce passed from him to her, so that jhe became an involuntary sharer in his nightmare agony. He was staring downward at the floor, with, parted lips, wide-open eyes, as if there were something there to which his glance was riveted. He continued to stare so long, so fixedly, without moving, or, apparently, drawing breath, that his strained pose began almost to suggest paralysis— some dreadful form of tetanus which held him rigid. It was a relief when, at last, a« tremor passing over him, with a long, deep- drawn sigh, he seemed to return to life. For some seconds he swayed to and fro, as if he were about to fall. Then, all at once, drawing himself quite straight, he looked round the room, with unconscious, glassy eyes. Then back went his glance to the floor. Something of his former dreadful look returned. He muttered to himself a name, hoarsely: "Shapcott! Shapcott ! ! As if startled by the sound of his own voice, again he looked about him, with the same unseeing eyes. Once more they returned to the something which he seemed to see lying at his feet. He slightly Inclined his head. "Is it you? What — what are you do ing there?" He paused as if for a re ply. "Shapcott!" Another pause. "What are you doing there? Why don't you spfeak to me? Shapcott!" For, the third time his oblivious gaze passed round the room. "I thought I heard a noise. Yet it all seems still. How still! I wonder what's, made the world so still! Shapcott! Why the devil won't he speak to me? Why the devil? I suppose it is Shapcott. I can't see him .With his face turned flown. Shapcott!" HeTeached out his foot, as if touching something with .his toe. Then put his hand up to his throat, as if laboring for breath. His voice had become curiously hearse. 'This won't do. I mustn't' stand here, going nothing.' like a fool; I must do something; I must" find outrWhat's the juatter _wiih Shapcott." ' \ i/. ; -He'" lowered himself on to one Imee \- /gingerly extended his right hand, 'add \- ".-started back with a cry. ""He moved ! I thought he moved!" "'|He was trembling as with palsy; the eweat stood In beads upon his brow. ,."I wps jobs taken. It was a delusion > ;—one of.: Jhdse delusions which come to ..people whps6 . nerves sire over- strung. : wis 1 reading about tricks which the eyes? Besides, .? ;! -I be "move? : I'm a fool, SSSSliSSlSVT vv ,' Again he advanced his hand, and again withdrew. -- - ' v "X seem to be alraid to touch him. Why should I ne afraid? It's absurd. It's only Shapcott. J'n; all run down, that's what's the niisth.'ef, I wonder what's in that bottle?" He got up, ard, taking two or three steps, v.cnf through the action of taking up a bottle, and putting it to his nose. "It smells .like whisky. Shapcott, may I have some of your whisky? There must be something wrong, or he would cer tainly say no. I shall interpret your siience as implying consent. Here's to your health, Shapcct't, and your happi ness, where.ver you are." He made as if he raised a bottle to-his lips, and drank from it— a tig drink. ."Why, he's on the floor.'" lie laughed; seldom did laughter seem to he a thing so little to be desired. He returned to where lie had previously stood. '"Come. lf!'< n.ake an end of this.- To s? if anything ails Phapeott really— if so, what. Perhaps Jit's drunk." Once mere that undesirable laughter. Again he knelt; this time on both knees. ".Vow, Shapcott, reuse yourself; don't lie there Ilk a log. If It's a trick you're playing it's In worse ri-ste even than some of the other tricks you've played on me. W'...o: s liie ina'icr with you, man?" Again his hand "out out, not on this 4 1-..S ivil-hrlraTrtv to I- C." i.i- 'I ivu/uit i j »» — He seemed 1o bo tA'crirg something with unwilling fingers. "Shapcott! His snr is limp, there seems to be no pulse. How still he is! God in heaven! He's dead!" The words burst from his lips with .a cry in which anguish, horror, and sur prise west mingled. The discovery — it seemed to be a d.ccot ery which he had made— nrr-eared to overwhelm him. The stupefaction which was mirrored on his countenance was fie apparent outcome of a dozen different emotions. At that moment he looked l'ke a man who was unable to bei'tve toe evidence of his own senses, and feared to. "Dead!" He covered ids face with his hands, trembling; removing them, he looked about him as if frightened by the shock or some unlooked-for. some incredible event. He clambered to his feet, awk wardly, as if :.rt wholly master of his limbs. His fearful glances wandered hither and thither. "How can it have happened?" His own question went unanswered. Recollection seemed to come to him. "Perhaps Pollie's — dead — of hunger. God help us all!" Again he put his hands up to his face, shivering. Presently he seemed to make an effort to better play the man. "Weil, since what's done is done, there's no undoing it; that, I take it, is an axiom. How" it came to he done is hardly matter for my present consideration. Am I judge and Jury? Or is It my office to sit upon the corpse, or to place a prisoner at the bar? Go. to! these things belong to others. I came for money, and what behoves me is to go with it. Perhaps there's money in his pockets — or in a drawer. But, no doubt the drawer is locked; and for his pockets, I'll none of them, they're much too close. Even yet I'm not brought far enough to pilfer from a corpse — of whoever's making. If I can't have money, I'll have it's worth! There! there's gold in them, and, maybe, life for Pollie." imuiig a step or two 10 one tint uc made as if he picked up something — some small object with either hand; then, with a sudden start he looked round. His voice, was raised; eager words broke from his lips. Who's that? It's someone outside the window; I heard him move! I saw him go! Perhaps he did it— that's how it happened. Stop there, stop! "Who are you running away with the stain of blood-guiltiness upon your soul. Stop! stop! stop!" He rushed to where the curtains shrouded a window, and began tearing- at the hangings with impetuous haste, as if lie strove, with might and main, to get at something which was beyond. Pollie, standing up in the corner, ran to him, and put her arms about him. "Gentleman! Gentleman! Don't! don't! It's me— it's Pollie!" s>ne was crying as it ner neart wouia break. At the sound of her voice, at the touch of her arms, he relaxed his violent as sault upon the curtains. He was still. Then he began to shiver, till Pollie thought that he would never stop. She held him closely to her. as if she hoped to soothe and calm him by the strenu- osity of her embrace. "S'sh! s'sh! It's me! it's Pollie! Don't ! j'ou know me. Gentleman?" | By degrees his shivering grew less. Presently he turned and looked at her, with consciousness. "Pollie? Thank God, it's you. I think —that I've been dreaming; but I'm glad ! — I've woke — to find you here. You i mustn't leave me— ever." | "No, Gentleman, I won't— never— as ; long as I live!" The flame in the fireplace died down, the room was all in darkness, "Pollie! Pollie! Pollie!" He could be heard repeating the name, a little faintly, in the sudden blackness, as if the sound of it brought solace to his soul. She held bim in her arms, supporting him as if he had been some Weakling child, raining kisses on his face, while her scalding tears dropped on his hag gard cheeks, embracing him, striving to comfort him, crying out her heart, all in a breath. Then she ran back to her own room. (To be continued.) 