MOUNT GAMBIBR PRESBYTERIAN OHUBOH ANNIVERSARY. THE SUNDAY SERVICES. The services in oonnection witb the anni- j versary of the Mount Gambier Presbyterian chnroh were held on Sunday )aaf, and served i the double purpose of marking the anniversary ! and the re-opening of the ohnroh after its three ? weeks closure for interior renovation. The 1 calsomining, painting, and revamishing gave 1 the building a olean and fresh appearanoe, . and imparted a deoidedly warmer and ooaier ' BBpeot than it had beforp, The services were oonduoted by the Rev. R A. Caldwell. In the forenoon there was a large congrega tion. The basia of Mr. Caldwell's discourse was the text-" I determined not to know any thing among yon aive Jems Christ and Him QtQOified " (1st Cur. ii, 2). In the course of hia Bermon he referred at considerable length to his own conneotion with the churoh. The Oroaa of Christ and the truths that gat herad round that OroBS were what he bad always nudeavoured to present to their minds. That had been hia testi mony during the many years it had been his plea sure, privilege, and opportunity to minister to them; and he was able to say, and indeed with I gratitude, that he had so loved hiB work that he had given to them the beat that he oould, both in ohurah, in sohool, in Bible olasses, and in other places and .in other waya.. Gad had enabled hini to see that there was no work so great, elevating, interesting, or attraotive as that of preaohing the Gospel and helping souls on their way to Heaven. He might take that opportunity also to say what enounragement the congregation had given him and what pleasure he had felt in seeing the regular attendance of many of them at the ordinances ; of divine worship, and the disappointment he had felt at the non attendance of many otherB. He had also to testify to them of the uniform kindness that had ever been shown to him as far as his personal comfort was concerned. As a congregation they had done very much for him, for whioh he felt peculiarly grateful. There had been many failings on his part, of which he well knew, but there had been forbearance on the congregation's part. He had met with no hindrances in his work, he had not had any unpleasant experience, and so far as he knew there was a mutual kindly feeling existing between them. ' The years that had passed had been years of pleasure to him, and he would have no objection to go through them again. His life had, in the providenoe of God, been spared while many of his brethren -many of them younger than he was-had been taken away. He blessed God for having oontinued so long whatever usefulness or accep tance he might have had with them. The oharm of novelty, if that ever existed, had long ago passed away. But the one great objeot he had had before him was to serve God in the Gospel of His Son and the people by the praoe of God according to that Gospel, deeming it the highest privilege if he were made the humble instrument of saving one immortal BOUI. But he had other feelings on this ocoaaion. Manv who had been hearers and members of the ohuroh had passed away Binoe he came to minister among them. But, blessed be God, he had seen otherB rise up; instead of the , fathers the children, and God had spared him to Bee the ohildren'B ohildren of many. That told him that the greater part of his life had gone, and the best part of it had been cheerfully spent in their service. The evening bad now . oomn, and, thank God, gently and mildly, and ' he could not help being affected by a deep eenae of responsibility. How many services . during those m»ny years had he engaged | in? How many times had he pronounced the name of Father, San, and Holy Ghost in baptism? How many had he seen estab 1 lished in families? How many troubled hearts had poured their sorrows into his ? By i how many siok beds and death beds had he ; sat during those years ? How many, oh how many, had he to meet hereafter ? But this was his consolation-he served a Master who knew his (tame, who oould be toucked with a feeling 1 nf his infirmities, a Master who would not be severe on well intended bat unfulfilled duties. He asked them to pray fot him and hold up hia hands, and to co-operate with him in the work. They had an excellent* band of workers, bat how many were doing nothing, Godlineaa always flourished best in the oharoh where all the members worked, A few years more and their voioes would be still. A few years and the world would have forgotten all aboat them. A few ye»s and another messenger would be proclaiming the glad tidings of salvation to other hearers in those pews, and their worl? woqld be finished and all their eares and worries and troubles would be buried with them! But the work of religion would go into eterni'y, and they would then be reaping the reward of their accepted or rejected Christianity. Ha knew not how long the intercourse between them would con tinue, but he could say that however dear the oonneotion had bson between them ha woqld not wish it to continue bsyond the time that it would bfl useful and accep'able to them, and he said " Don't be afraid to tell me when that time haB oome." He had Iod much regard for their highest interests and for the church that had received the beat of bis services^ and far too muah reapect for himself to wuh that. But while thejr prasent ocnneotion lasted he strongly wished that they should be helpful to one another in a spiritual sense. During the oolleotion the ohoir Bang an anthem. In the evening a ohoral servioa was held, and the church was quite filled. Mr. Caldwell preaohed from 1st Ohrou. xvii. 1. The houses in whioh we live, the graves of onr friends, and the house of prayer were sacred places, but Mr. Caldwell confined his remarks to the last named. He glanced at the history of plaoes of worship from the earliest ages, referred to the gostly material or the tabernacle, and the splendor of the temple built by Solomon, and that afterwards erected by Zerubbabel; and coming down to Christian ages spoke of the splendid places of worship that were erected. T?h»ir Bqpitan forefathers went to the other extreme, but people were now going back to a more elaborate style. He approved of plaoes of worship being beautiful and attractive, arguing that if our private dwellings were made beautiful so should the houses of Qod be beautiful snd attractive. If we used cedar in our own houses'instead of curtains, so should God's house be of cedar. They were pleased to meet again in that ohurch after its renovation. It wa* nearly 30 years since it was built, and needed improvement in side, and the Committee resolved to have it renovated. He referred to the way in which that hatj been donp as picking and fitting," ana said the oou'raotor hal done his work well, had done even more than he waB required to do, in order that it should be a oredit to him. He trusted that they would worship there in the beauty of holiness, and that the Holy Spirit would oome and enlighten and save. Dnriog the service the ohoir sang the anthems "Be joyful, Oear'h," Mr. Maytum taking the solo; " Maize a joyful noisa," and '* Evening shadows slowly fall." Mr. Maytum, the organist and ohoir leader, played two voluntaries. The oelebrations will be oontinned to-day, when a publio tea will be held in the school room at S o'clook, and in the evening there will be an organ reoital in the church. Ad excellent programme has been prepared. 