"The Fun of the Thing." HEKE is an example of the "duplicity" of the Chinese. It is very characteristic. Hens in China, it appears, have but little spare time upon their hands-or rather claws. The ingenious Chinaman takes udv:,, , their sitting propensities in a novel way. Ko sooner have they completed the hatching of the,'!- ierritj. mate blood than he fills up some empty egg shdis with fish spawn and, sealing them with wax, place., them under the hen. The willing fowl, unaware of the cruel deception, solemnly hatches out a fine brood of fish whioh John puts in a pond and nourishes till tbev are fit for table. It is said that the Chinese, like the Sia mese, are very fond of foul fish. He seems to be equally fond of " fowl" fish. m . * We have good reason to look for curiosities from America, but one of the greatest curiosities has lately turned up in a St. Louis divorce courtl The ghost of a popular comedian, the late W. J. Florence of Mighty Dollar fame, figured as the co-respondent in a divorce case. It appears that a spiritualist and his wife had been attending stances, at which poor Florence was brought from his well-earned rest in the Elysian fields. So fascinating did the impersonal charms of the "spook" prove that he succeeded inAlienating the wife's affection.. It is not reported how the co-respondent was got into court. Did the judge and jury, the defendant, the plaintiff sit round a table and request the ghost to tap once for "guilty" ? It seems probable that the tables will be turned on the plaintiff. # * * A German named Hiltz, who is of course a pro-Boer, has been inveighing against our use of khaki uniforms in South,Africa. He thinks it is unfair and declares that our troops ought to go in to battle "in the same costume as they "wear in the ballroom." But British soldiers are not like his countrymen, they take their pleasures in mufti. War artists must in future depict cyjfe^ghiQrs in dress clothes, gloves, spacious shirt leather shoes. That would be a really e^SeftfI'"fi§a'Sfis^P8tume-for the Boers. A white patch over thfl. cnest -would be a lovely mark. But there is one iiaWfoKSjit Vwauid be unchanged. Hiltz would still bo Fio.Uio. 