THE DEATH OF A COWARD. The boy leant wearily against the bulwark rails, watching the lights as they came up one by one on the coast. The plunging of the ship still made his head reel, and he was weak from want of food. He seemed altogether apart from the stir and life that three hundred emigrants on board created. His whole soul was filled with a dumb and impotent protest against his fate, and the life before him. Old Captain Malcolm had shown little wisdom when he sent his only son to sea to have some pluck knocked into him. In the father's defence, it may be said that he was utterly unable to realise the timidity and sensitiveness of the boy. All his ancestors had been rough seamen who bad faced storm and danger on every sea, and courage and nerve were hereditary qualities. And now the last of the Mal colms seemed mere of a girl than any of hia- five sisters. All tbe exhortations to manliness, all the covert Teproaches that came from his fath er,' were so many darts that rankled and festered in bis soul, but failed to compel his cature to bs other than it was. The boy was made for peace, for tne quiet and uneventful life that an office in his native town could have offered, under his mother's watchful care. Instead, he wa3 here, an app:entice on the s.s. Pride of Asia, a big cargo-boat Jus. off the slips on the Tyno, and carrying emigrants to the Cape. The ship's doctor came out of the c-aloon In the poop to go his evening round below. With him was his wife, a Blight, girlish figure, wrapt in a heavy cloak. She turned at the ladder which led to the lower deck, and was ab.ut to go back, when her eyes fell on the boy. She had noticed him ence or twice before, and h:s white fane and lonely air iou ed the womanly sympathy in her. She touched him lightly on the shoul der and said, " You are leaving home, like me." The boy started. A slight colour sprang to his cheeks, and tears to his ?yes. He smiled faintly, showing a gap where two teeth had been knocked out by a smaller boy in the only fight he had ever had at school. " Yes, ma'am," he replied. " You must feel lonely," she said ; "but you will soon be back, and then every one will think so much of you." JHor voice had something caressing and invlt'ng about it; and so his cuiAJence, overcoming his shyness and reserve, broke bouxdi. He told her everything—how he would hate this life, how all filled him with fear en! disgust, the told and :larkn»«, the chaff and ho.-seplay of his fellow-ap prentices, the indifference of every one around him. He told hew imp)<»sible It wai to come up to his father's standard, how he felt ho was bom a coward, and that 113 w^uld always be one. shrinking inftino tively from tho danger and exe'tement that b.ilder natures tcok pleasure In. S c listened sympathetically. Her hand h.\l pnU:MI him once or twice, and encour aged him to go on. When he ended, she sad : " You must r.o: bo too hard on your self. 1: is r.:t alwa s I hose who fear the least that are bravest In th? end. When tlie time cemes, I am sure you will do your duty." The boy hear I h:r l -sffiily. He had litll'O heart to respond to c>i\y appeal to his manli.i'si3. There scom.J no time whp'.i he would uot shrink from hardship or danger. He almost felt as If hi 3 confidence had been misplaced, and that she had understood nothing after all. She saw the change, and her Interest in him somewhat waned. Courage to a wo man is the primary quality in tho othet sex, and nothing will compensate for the lack of it. She bade him good-night, and turned away back to the poop. In a few minutes the second mate passed along the deck, and told the boy to go be low. Then all was quiet. A few hours later the Pride of Asia was steaming at "slow," with her whistle go ing every few minutes. The Channel fog girt the ship like a shroud. The captain walked the bridge uneasily. No tempest or rock-bound shore gives the anxiety that .a fog on this waterway of the nations does. Danger Is imminent everywhere, and the moat careful seamanship is no guarantee of eafety. So it was now. A aoanse shout came from the man on tlie look-out. The C3ptain sprang to the telegraph, and as " Full speed astern" rang out, a barge sailing ship took form in the fog, and In a few seconds crashed into the steamer in front of tbe bridge. The Pride of Asia shook from stem to stern, heeled over to starboard, and then began to forge ahead, while the othor went pounding along her side, wrenching the port boats from their davits, and staving them in with her bowsprit. Then she passed away as a ghost in the fog. The Pride of Asia had met her death wound. At on«e, all was noise and con fusion. The emigrants came pouring up on deck, screaming and shouting with ter ror. Some of the gallons rushed to clear the boats, but a sharp order from tho cap tain stopped them. In a few seconds the captain had decided on his course. The remaining boats would not carry a hundred and fifty people. There were more than twice that number on brand. On the other hand, the lani was about three miles off, and a sandy and pro tected beach meant safety. But could it be done with that hole In her side ? He would try. He changed her course, rang " Full speed ahead," and shouted to the mate, "Go down and shut the for'ard bulkheads, Mr, Jones." The mate ran forward, and with the help of the carpenter, tore off part of the hatch covering and sprang to the ladder. As he climbed down, young Malcolm peer ed aimlessly over the hatch. " Bring down a lantern," cried the mate; and Malcolm, galvanised into activity by fear, seized a lantern from the alleways, and clambered down into the hold. The mate ran towards the iron door in the bulkhead, which had been left open, and pushed it to. " The light here ; quick !" And the toy brought it. " Blast them !—oh, blast them !" roared the mate. " They've put the bolts on the wrong side. In five minutes we'll all be in kingdom come." He stumbled for the ladder, and Malcolm followed, wild with terror. Yes, every one would be drowned, and he too. with the cruel, cold water sucking him down. He dropped the lantern, and began to pull him self up the ladder. Suddenly he stopped. An idea had been born In bis brain ; a hideous, unthinkable thought—the door could be closed from the the other side. He hung limply on the ladder, and in his mind raged a tornado of conflict. Oh, to be out of this awful ship, safe once again at home I But the mate had said that all were lost. That meant him too. And if only that door Were shut, all could be saved. Great beads of sweat broke out on hh forehead. He groaned and writhed about like one on the rack. Then he began to descend slowly. He stopped again 6n the last rung. He clung to the ladder as a drowning man to a rcpe. He could never let go. Why was he not going up the ladder ? There were boats 1 ft. He had seen that. He could fight for a place, and bo saved. He was so young ; not old, like the mate and captain. They must give him a place. All at once he loosened his hold, and ran blindly for the door. On the way he trlp p:d, and fell heavily on his hands and face, cutting and bruising thro. He lay lialf stunned for a minute, moaning i:n>ra the pain, then raised himself, and crawled the rest of the way. He passed through the door, and with feverish haste shot the great Iron bolts. The boy was alone in Ms tomb. He leant against the bulkhead, sick, sick to death. Why had he done this ? He did not know. They would bo saved now, but he—O God, no more light or life for him ! His poor dry lips moved convul sively, and his hands br>at aimlesww f>n the iron wall. He would go back. Hope re turned with a rush. He would die in the open—with others round him. It would be good to die thus, not in this hell of darkness and desolateness. He unshot one bolt, and fumble i for the other. Then, with a low moan, he cast himself from It, driving his t:e„h into his lip in his agony. It was not to be. He was too g eat a coward to live. He could only die. He would pray. But he could think of roth ing—nothing but the " This night when I lie down to sleep," he had learnt at his mother's knee. To sleep—oh, he would sleep long ! There was to be rt» waking this time. Hew the water was creeping up ! Long shuddering fits shook his frame, as he felt the icy fingers of death rising inch by inch. He screamed and raved, dashing his head against the iron, that death might come quickly. He plunged beneath the water, only to cqme up again, fighting mad ly for life. Then there was a long-drawn sob, and then silence. The captain stood on the bridge, a ugura of "stony despair. Tho land could never be leich-d with water pouring Ilk- a tn-rcnt nto tho forward hold. He cur3cd his n gligence in overlooking such a frightful blunder. It wps tong to cost two hundred lives, md he must not be among the sved. The P. Ide of Asia was getting low in the water, but h? could not undr.rstand why she was not Pinking more by the bow. She was vibrating from the engines push d to th ir highest pressure, for the fireni n stuck gallantly to their posts. Five minutes WcMi'. and ten. and tten. with a svdden shock, she tock the ground, and all were safe. Next morning, young Malcolm was miss ing, and the sorrowful news was sent to his father. It was thought he had fallen over- board when the ship grounded, and he could not swim. A week afterwards the divers entered the forward hold, and found, to their astonish ment, that the bulkhead door, which they had expected to find op an, was closed. They forced it open, and against It was floating the body of a boy. Old Captain Malcolm comeß often to the little graveyard by tbe sea. In it stapds a cross, on which are inscribed the words : " HERE LIES A HERO." t—R. Arthur, in the " Pall Mall Magazine." 