CHAPTER XXVII. ' A fortnight afterwards Trent rode into Attra, pale, gaunt ,and hollow-eyed. The whole history of those d^ys would never be known by any other man. Upon Trent they had left their mark for ever. Every hour of his time in this country lie reck oned of great value, yet he devoted four teen days to saving the life of John Fran cis. Such days, too, and such nights. They had carried him sometimes in a dead stupor, sometimes a raving madman, along a "wild 'bush, track across rivers and swamp? into tie town of 'Souba, where, years ago, a Congo trader, who had made a fortune, had built a little white-washed liospita'. He was safe now, 'but surely never a man before "had walked so near the Valley of the Shadow of Death. A single moment's vigilance relaxed, a blanket displaced, a dose of brandy forgotten, and Trent might have walked this life a multi-millionaire, a peer, a little god amongst men, freed for ever, from all anxiety. But Francis was tended as never a man was tended be fore. Trent himself had done his share of the nursing, ever keeping his eyes fixed upon the deathlike face of their burden, ever ready to fight off the progressof th» fever and ague as the twitchy lips or shivery limbs gave warning of a change. For fourteen days 'lie had not slept. Until they had reached Souba his clothes had never 'i&een; changed since they had started upon their perilous journey. As he rode into Attra he reeled a little in his saddle, and he walked into the office of the agent more like a ghost than a man. Two men, Gatheart and his assistant, who -was only a boy, were lounging in low chairs. As he entered they looked np, exchanging quick, startled glances. Then Cathcart gave vent to a little exclama tion. "Great heavens, Trent, what have you been doing? ?" Trent sank into a chair. "Get me some -wine," he said. "I am all ri<rht, but over-tired." Cathcart poured champagne into a tumbler. Trent emptied it at a gulp and asked for biscuits. The man's recuperative powers were -wonderful. Already the deathly whiteness was passing from his cheeks. "Where is Da Souza?" he asked. "Gone back to E'ngland," Cathcart answered, looking out of the open case ment, shaded from the sun by the sloping roof. "His steamer started yesterday." Trent looked puzzled. He scarcely understood this move. "Did he give any reason?" Oathcart smoked for a moment in si lence. After all, though a disclosure would be unpleasant, it was inevitable, and as well now as any time. "I 'think," Cathcart said, "that he has gone to try and sell his shares in the Bekwando concessions." "Gone-to-sell-his-shares," Trent re peated slowly. "You mean that he is go ing straight from 'here to put a hundred thousand Bekjvando shares upon the mar ket?" Cathcart nodded. "He said so." "And why? Did he tell you that?" "He has come to the conclusion," Cath cart said, "that the scheme is altogether impractical and the concession worthless. He is going to get what he can for his shares wMle he has the chance." Trent drained Iris tumbler and lit a cigar. "So much for Da Souza," he said. "And now I should like to know, Mr. Stanley Cathcart, what the devil you and your as sistant are doing shacking 'here in the cool of the day when you are the servants ol the Bekwando Company and there's work to be done of the utmost importance. The whole place seems to be asleep. Where's your labor?' There's not .a soul at work. We planned exactly when to start the road. What the mischief do you mean by wasting a fortnight?" Cathcart coughed and was obviously ilv at ease, but he answered with some show of dignity. "I have come to the conclusion, Mr. Trent, that the making of the road is im practicable and useless. There is insuffi cient labor and poor tools, no satisfactory method of draining the swamp country, and, further, I don t believe anyone would work with the constant fear of an alttack from those savages." "So that's your opinion, is it?" ;Trent Eaid quietly. "That is my opinion," Cathcart answer, ed. "I have embodied it in a report'which I dispatched to the secretary of the com pany by Mr. aD Souza'." Trent rose and opened the door which swung into the little room. "Out you go," he said fiercely. Cathcart looked at him in blank astonish ment. "What do you mean?" he exclaimed. "These are my quarters." "They're nothing of the sort," Trent an swered. "They are the headquarters in this country of the. Bekwando Company, with which you have nothing to do. Out you go." "Don't talk rubbish," Cathcart said angrily. "I'm the authorised and properly Appointed surveyor here." "You're a liar," Trent answered. : "You've no connection at all with the company. You're dismissed, sir, for incom petence and cowardice, and if you're not off these premises in three minutes it'll be the worse for you." "You-you haven't the power to do this," Cathcart stuttered. Trent laughed. "We'll see about that," he said. "I never had much faith in you, sir, and I guess you only got the job by a rig. But out you go now, sharp. If there's anything owing you can claim it in London." : "There are my clothes--" Cathcart be gan. Trent laid his hands-upon his shoulder and threw him softly outside. "I'll send your clothes to the hotel," he said. "Take my advice, young man, and keep out of my sight till you can .find a steamer to take you where they'll pay you for doing nothing. You're the sort of man who irritates me, and it's a nasty climate for getting angry in." Cathcart picked himself up. "Well, I should like to know -who's going to make your road," he said spite fully. , "I'll make it myself," Trent roared. "Don't you think a little thing like some bits and bobs of science will stand in my way, or the way of a man who knows his minil. I tell you I'll build that road from the tree there, which we marked as the starting point, to the very centre of Bek wando." He slammed the door and re-entered the ?.oom. The boy was there, sitting upon the office stool, hard at work with a pair of compasses. "What the devil are you doing there?" Trent asked. "Out you go with your mas ter." The boy looked up. He had a fair, smooth face, but lips like Trent's own._ "I'm just thinking about that first bend by Kurru corner, sir." he said. "I'm not sure about the level. Trent's face relaxed. He held out his hand._ "My boy," he said, "I'll make your for tune as sure as my name's Scarlett Trent." "We'll make that road, anyway," the boy answered, with a smile. After a rest Trent climbed the hill to the Basle Mission House. There was no sign of Monty or the potato patch, and the woman who opened the door started when she saw him. "How is he?" Trent asked quickly. The woman looked at him in despair. "Why he's gone, sir. Gone away -with out a word." "'Where to ?" Trent asked - quietly. "To England,' on the Ophis," the woman answered. "He never gave us the least idea, or we'd have watched him day and night." Then Trent began to feel that, after all, the struggle of his life was only be ginning. 