WHY KRUGER MADE WAR. " WHY Kroger Made "War, or Be- hind the Boer Scenes," by John A. Battery, stands entirely apart from the ordinary made-np books about South'Africa. Mr. Buttery was for two years chief sub-editor of thu Standard and Biggera' Keir*, a paper which caine during* the war to be supported by the Boer Government. But we gather that at this stage of its history Mr. Buttery had to leave the paper, and that he became a " suspect." In any case, he had, it seems, many opportunities of meet- ing and of studying the Boer leaders. He also heard the account given by the Boers of their victories and their defeats. Thus the work is both original and authori- tative. The writer is a severe critic of Kruger and of the. Pretoria oli- garchy. They, with their greed, their ambition, and their gross ignorance, are alone responsible for the catastrophe in South Africa. The charges both of plotting and corruption brought against the " gang at Pretoria" are declared to be true bills. But Mr. Buttery has the same respect for some of tho Boers in the field as has Mr." Win- ston Churchill. General Louis Botha is his special pet. Up to the war Botha was noted for his oppo- sition to the Kruger regime. But Mr. Buttery writes : - "Whatever his opinion of the propriety or expediency of the policy that led to the ultimatum, directly war did break out he flung himself heart and soul into the Republican cause, and before opera- tions had been in progress two months he was easily first of all Piet Joubort's vecht (or fighting) generals. " I never met a man with a sweeter temper or more modest mien. Ile reminded me of the old British yeoman fartner, chivalrous and simple-hearted, and it is quite cer- tain that none of the cruelties, none of the * white-flagging' incidents, none of the dishonoring dodges of which we hear so much would have happened had it been possible for Louis Botha to have kept an eye on every part of the field of operations, or to have exercised immediate per- sonal supervision, He it was who commanded the Boers at the battles of Spion Kop and Colenso ; he it was who desperately resisted Buller's final advance on Lady- smith, and who was nearly left in thf lurch by Joubert's precipitate retreat from in front of the be- leaguered town. " On Joubert's death Louis Botha's snccession to the commandand generalship was a foregone conclu- sion. He is the man with whom Lord Roberts will eventually settle the terms of peace and the sur- render of the enemy. The Boer chief has a great admiration for the British commander-in-chief, whom he regards as a soldier and a gentleman, and the meeting be- tween the two should be an interest- ing one to both-the vanquished and the victor - and a historic spectacle. ." Louis Botha, not yet 40, is the head bf the Republic, or what there is left of it, for in war time the commandant-general takes . ' pre- cedence of the President. And if he cries ' Enough' it may be taken for granted that the burghers will lay down their arms, almost to a rifle. Bat he is a man of bulldog tenacity, and will fight as long as he thinks he has the ghost of a chance. If he can get any considerable num- ber of Boers to stay, .with him he will probably elect to 'die in the last ditch.' Louis Botha is not afraid of death." Mr. Buttery has a happy belief that the races will come.together, and his chapter, " Which c£ the Two Courser) ?" is entitled to care- ful consideration. He writes: "It is not every 'Briton in the Transvaal or Orange River ^Colony who hates a Boer, nor every Boer . . who hates a Briton. Very often-mora often than not- you will find Boers and Britons fraternise where neither .will seek the - society of the French, Italian, and German, and certainly not of the Russian communities. There <is something in the breed and character of the Briton and better-class Boer which ensure mutual respect,- and, though the affinity may now be shrouded by the pall of death, it is certain to. come to the front again. "Fire-eating extremists should bear in mind that the Britisher and the Boer have to live together, in South Africa after this war is over. It is always thu unexpected that hap- pens south of the Zambesi, and with the removal of a-dozen cantanker- ous, ambitions spirits much would be accomplished towards the assimi- lation of the races." . Earl Howe died recently, at Wycombe, Backs, aged 78. Viscount Curzon, who has represented Wycombe in the ! Commons since 1885, succeeds to the title. The Cork, correspondent of the Daily j\Teics reports that it is in- tended to float the Irish Tinies as a limited company. The capital will be £150,000, and only the prefer- ence shares will be oifered to the public, tho entire ordinary, shares being retained in the hands of the present owners-the family of the late Sir John Arnott, Burt., of Cork. Little Wife : " I thought before I married you, Georgo, you promised to drop smoking for my -sake ?" George ; " Yes, darling ; lam now smoking entirely for my own sake." Pearce's Lavcndcn Water and Musk ts an xquisitc, fragrant, and. listing perfumee From all chemists.'* 