ST. GEORGE'S CATHEDRAX. Yesterday being Whit-Sunday, the Holy Communion was celebrated at 7 and 8 a.m. and after tie morning service, at which the preacher was the Biabop of Perth, who took his text from Acts ii- 4. He pointed out that the effect of the coming of the. Holy Ghost into the world at the feast of Pente cost had been to give the disciples courage and hope, so that, after the first sermon, 3,000 souls were added to the church. The illuminating power of the Holy Spirit was needed to guide men to the truth and to re vive their enthusiasm when it died. Mpn could not now receive the miraculous gift of tongues, as the. disciples had done, but in a sense they might learn- to speak with other tongues in a higher and nobler tone, and to make their conversation less frivolous and more edifying than it was wont to be. All could not go to the twyrti^n to preach in foreign famjiw;, but all could take an in terest in tiie work of spreading abroad the ?Gospel. The celebration which followed was choral, the mnsic being taken from A. H. Brown's 'JEssa Seraphica.' The celebrant was the- Bishop, assisted by the Rev. A. G. Cutts. At 3 p.m. tiie Bishop -of Tasmania addressed the children from the Sunday-schools of St. Georgei, St. Alban.'s, St. John's, St. Paul's, St. Mary's, St. Bartholomew's, Victoria Park, (Jlaremant, and the Girls' Orphanage. At 4*30 pjn- the Bishop of Tasmania de livered an. address on the subject of 'Mission Heroes.' Ho said that tiiey must not. re strict tiie term to the »nimai^naT-if^ of this century or the preceding centuries, but they must go back- to the beginning of the Old Testament, for every prophet of old was, in a sense, a missionary. Their saocessoiB of to day stood in line with such men as Ssznnel and Tsninh Surely these heroes were a mar vellous phalanx, and they would one day stand behind God's throne, and look reoroach f ally at as that we had done so little.' Chris tian philanthropists were tiie only men who bad gone to men of inferior races for the sake of the race alone. Among these heroes there was none greater than Bishop Selwyn the elder, and Bishop Patterson, though there were never two' men more imliVp Selwyn was a commander, bom to rule. He was never doved as Patterson was, but he was reverenced. All th© arrangements of tiie synod throughout Australia were dne in a great measure to him and to Bishop Perry, of Melbourne. Patterson was Selwyn's son in the faith. Two men, Patterson and Mac kenzie, heard Selwyn preach before the Uni versity at St. Mary's Churchy Cambridge, and tiiey were led to become missionaries. 'The one died in Eastern Africa, and tiie other in tiie South Seas. Patterson was a man of a singularly winning nature, and he showed the value of a holy life, burning -with a pure flame. He (the preacher) desired to- speak of another who died at his post— Bishop Steere, of Zanzibar. He recommended aL those who had no belief in missions or mis sionaries to read the story of Steere's life. His was a high and noble intellect, conse crated to tiie service of God. When his committee in T^ng^d urged him to return heme, he replied that Africa might be a poor place to live in, but it was an excellent place to die in. He was buried in tiie cathedral of Zanzibar, which was built on tiie site of the old slave market. Bishoo Bomnas was a man who worked among the Esquimaux in the Arctic circle. When bis diocese was di vided it was expected that he, being an old n-an, would choose for himself the southern portion, where tiie climate was much less severe, bat he chose tiie northern with all its privations. The preacher then read, from 'The Finished Course' some account of tiie early missionaries to the West Coast of Africa. He said that these heroes looked for no praise from men, but they did the duty that they were called upon to do, and they laid down their lives for tiie truth. At tiie evening service tiie Bishop of Tas mania preached from John iv. 14. He pointed oat that both, in the OM and in tiie New Testament the Holy Ghost was likened to living waters. Ezekiel had dreamed of water flowing from the Temple to sweeten the salt sea, and our Lord used tiie same figure. Nothing coold check the river of God's grace. His love had not changed — He still claimed tiie world to rule over it, and no command of His had been withdrawn. But in every diocese there was to be 'found tiie evil spirit of diocesan or parochial MfflAn«« among those who were for blessing themselves but not others. No superior race, unless* it were Christian, had ever helped inferior races on the ground of benevolence. The non Christian philanthropist -who would do this had yet to appear. Some said, 'What a pity it is that these missionaries cannot eliminate dogma from their teaching. ' But it was tiie 'dogma' that made them missionaries. There never had been an age when tiie 'springing well' of the Pentecostal spirit was checked in theTemple itself, bat there had been aged when it was allowed to flow without being utilised, and again in other ages, cities, continents, and races had been watered by it. The Church Missionary Society reported that, dur ing tiie last 20 years, more men and abler men had been sent to tiie mission field thaa in the rest of tiie century. In 1894 tho- so- ciety recommended that j-»Tr»p-rf: men and women should pay the stipend of missionaries to serve as substitutes for themselves. Forty eight responded to this appeal. In 1896 the number of missionaries supported by indivi dual effort had risen to 196, and in tiie next two years 161 were added/ mating a total of 357. Had this burning zeal any counter part in this hemisphere? In Sydney thew was to be a great gathering on August 19, when an extra offering of not less than £10,000 was to be presented, in order to meet the most obvious deficiencies of the missions iq Melanesia, New Guinea, and »»«ng the Chinese population, and the natives of Queensland. It was hoped that a bishop of Carpentaria would be concentrated, and then tiie only large district without sufficient epi scopal supervision would be tiie vast diocese of this continent. He knew that this colony had to face problems, and he had come here in order that he might be able to instruct his brethren of the eastern colonies as to these problems. The -*efcJ-TigTiTn«»iit. of an assistant bishopric was truly a missionary work, and he was anxious to see the first step taken, as soon as possible, for he was sore that they would never be satisfied till tiiey had filled the last gap. Surely tiie men who could device such undertakings as tite Frcmantle harbor works and the Coolgardie water scheme could display Imperial conceptions in th-3 spiritual sphere. It would be die doty of all Australians to help this colony to estab lish another -?io»-wp in the Nort^-West. fie hoped that Western Australia would be pro minent in. the list of nuadonary offerings. It was tiie only colony whose contribution was to be spent in the diocese in which it had been raised. Let the people of Western Aus tralia display zeal to give, sod «efc an example of Christian energy. It was a- node dream — to stand as the western gateway te- the fede rated nation of Australia, Dot it wa» nobler dream to engage in generous rivalry one witii another to see who could do most for tiie cause of Christ. Each man, woman, and child in tiiat Cathedral must recognise bis or her responsibility in that matter. He prayed that their dreams, might be noble, and jtitat- tiieir actions raigTifr be animated toy xk-* thing less than the breath, from tite Holy City. 