Why Children are Afraid. Pkofessou MacdOnald, of the Washington Bureau of Education, has been making a series of extremely icteresting invesligations as to'tl.e causeH which arouso fear in children. His study of fear in tho youthful subjects was made by distributing hundreds of lists containing all manuer of causes, Buch as might excite that emotion. Parents, teachers, and other persons — fivpn t.ho lifllp nnnc tllnmHnl\Tnn ? mnvirnA nfp 6uch items as tho latter really feared. After reducing all of the replies to a table, it was found the highest number feared thunder storms, the next highest reptiles. Then follow, in order, according to the numbor fearing them, strangers, darkness, fire, death, domestic ani mals, disease, wild animals, water, insects, ghosts, &o.; A comparison of an equal number of boys and girls showed that the rirls feared 17G5 things on tlie lint, and the boys 1106 things. The girls exceeded tho boys in tho fear of every thing except water, high places, and strangers. Tho ratio of girls to boys in tho fear of rats and mice was 75 to 13, as mjght be expected. It was also ascertained that fear in tho boys increases from the seventh to the fifteenth year, and thon declines, wliilo in girls it increases more steadily from the fourth to tho eighteenth year beforo diminishing. The fear of thunder and lightning, reptiles, robbers, and machinery was found to increnso with age. Another novel inquiry enlarged upon the fear of ghosts by children. By questioning the little ones and tabulating their answers, it waa dis covered that tho most frequont source of their knowledge of ghosts was in stories told by other childron. Stories told by them ranked second in frequency. Of all the other sources sorvanta had been the most active. Some had derived their first knowledgo from pictures, a smaller number from games or from their own imagina tions. Tho smallest numbor, less (ban 1 per cent., had first heard of ghosts from- their par ents. It was discovered that fear almost uni versally accompanied belief in such speotres. Almost a third of tho children esatninod hed that thoy wore like the human figure, a ninth that they w.ere shadowy, a-i eleventh that thoy wero dead persons, a fourteenth that they had long arm3 or hor.de, ar.d less than a nineteenth that they were like Bkclolons. Additional notions as to appearance in order of frequency wero that 'spooks' havo sepulchral voices, are without substance, luminous, black, like animals, like fairies, or spirits, and that they havo lurid, hol low eyes. The most popular conception as to tho power of ghosts was that they ehaso and catch children. Other notions in order of tho number of believers wero that they glide swiftly, appear and disappear, do all sorts of mysterious things, forotoll death, and injure people. Of thoso questioned as to tho time whon ghosts ap pear, a majority believed it to bo in the dark, when one is alone. Stating the pUceB where RhoBts may bo expootod, the highest numbor of opinions waa in favor of graveyards, 