~"THE BOLT'S ON THE WRONG SIDE." BY B. AnTHUm. The boy leant wearily against the bul wark rails, watching the lights as they came up one by one on the coast. The plunging of the ship still made his head reel, and he was weak from want of food. He seemed altogether apart from the stir andlife that three hundred emi grants on board created. His whole soul was filled with a dumb and impotent protest against his fate, and the life be fore him. Old Captain Malcolm had shown little wisdom when he sent his only son to sea to have some pluck knocked into him. In the father's defence, it may be said that he was utterly unable to rea lise the timidity and sensitiveness of the boy. All his ancestors had been rdugh seamen who had faced storm and danger on every sea, and courage and nerve were hereditary qualities. And now the last of the 3ahlcolms seemed more of a girl than ary of his five sisters. All the exhortations to manliness, all the covert reproaches that came from his father, were so many darts that rankled and festered in his soul, but failed to compel his nature to be other than it was.- The boy 'was made for peace, for the quiet and uneventful life that an office in his native town could 'have offered under his mother'siwatchfu 1 care. Instead, he was here, an ap prentice on the s.s. Pride of Asia, a big cargo boat just ofEf the slips on the Tyne, and carrying emigrants to the Cape. The ship's doctor came out of the saloon in the poop to go his evening round below. With him was his wife, a slight, girlish figure, wrapped in a heavy cloak. She turned at the ladder which led to the lower deck, and was about to go back, when her eyes fell on the boy. She had noticed him once or twide be fore, and his white face and lonely air roused the womanly sympathy in her. She touched him lightly on the shoulder, and said "Yon are leaving home, like me." The boy started. A slight colour sprang to his cheeks,' and tears to his eyes. He smiled faintly, showing a gap where two teeth had been knocked out by a smaller boy in the only fight he had ever had at school. " Yes ma'am," he replied. "You must feel lonely," she said; "but you will soon be back and then every one will think so much of you. Her voice had something caressing and inviting about it'; and so his confi dence, overcoming his shyness and re serve, broke bounds. He told her every thing-how he would hate this life, how all filled him with disgust, the cold and darkness, the chaff and horseplay of his fellow -apprentices," the indifference of everyone around him. He told how im possible it was to come up to his father's standard, how he felt he was born- a coward, and .that he would always he one, shrinking instinctively from the danger and excitement that bolder natures took pleasure in. She listened sympathetically. Her hand had patted him once or twice, and encouraged him to go on. When he ended. she said: "You must not be too hard on yourself. It is not always those who fear the least that they are bravest in the end. When the time comes, I am sure you will do your duty." The boy heard her listlessly. He had little heart to respond to any appeal to his manliness. There seemed no time when he would not shrink from hardship or danger. He almost felt as if his con fidence had Iben misplaced, and that she had understood nothing after all. She saw the change, and her interest in him somewhat waned. Courage to a woman is the primary quality in the other sex, and nothing will compensate for the lack of it. She bade him good night, and turned away to the poop. In a few minutes the second mate passed along the deck, and told the boy to go below. Then all was quiet. A few hours later the Pride of Asia was steaming at "slow," with her whistle going every few minutes. The Channel fog girt the ship like a shroud. The captain walked the bridge uneasily. No tempest or rock-bound shore gives the anxiety that a fog on this waterway of the nations. Danger is imminent everywhere, and the most careful sea manship is no guarantee of safety. So it was now. A hoarse shout came from the man on the look-out. The captain sprang to the telegraph, and as "Full speed astern" rang out, a large sailing ship took form in the fog, and in a few seconds crashed into the steamer in front of the bridge. The Pride of Asia shook from stem to stern, heeled over to starboard, and then began to forge ahead, while the other went pounding along her side, wrenching the port boats from their davits, and staving them in with her bowsprit. Then she passed away as a ghost in the fog. The Pride of Asia had met her death wound. At once, all was noise and confusion. The emigrants came pouring up on deck, screaming and shorting with terror. Some of the sailors rushed to clear the boats, but a sharp order from the captain stopped them. In a few seconds the captain had de cided on his course. The remaining boat would not carry a hundred and fifty people. There were more than twice that number on board. On the other hand, the land was about three miles off, and a sandy and protected beach meant safety. But could it be done with that hole in her side.? He would try. He changed her course, rang "Full speed ahead," and shouted to the mate, " Go down and shut the for'ard bulkheads, Mr.-Jones." The mate ran farward, and with the help of the carpenter, tore off part of the hatch covering and sprang to the ladder. As he climbed down, young Malcolm peered aimlessly over the hatch. "Bring down a lantern," cried the mate; and Malcolm, galvanised into activity by fear, seized a lantern from the alleyways, and clambered down into the hold. . The mate ran towards the iron door i. the bulkhead, whick had been left open, and pushed it to. "The light here; quick !" And the boy brought it " Blast them !--oh, blast them!" roared the mate. "They've put the bolts on the wrong side. In five minutes we'll all be in kingdom ceme." He stumbled for the latter, and Malcolm followed, wild with terror. Yes, everyone would be drowned, and he too, with the cruel, cold water sucking him down. He dropped the lantern, and began to pull himself up the ladder. Suddenly he stopped. An idea had been born it his brain; a hideous, un thinkable thought-the door could be closed from the other side. He hung limply on the ladder, and in his mind raged a tornado of conflict. Oh, to be out of this awful ship, safe once again at home !,- But the mate had said that all were lost. That meant him, too. And if only that door were shut, all could be saved. Great beads of sweat broke out on his forhead. He groaned and writhed about like one on the rack. Then he began to lescend slowly. He stopped again on the last rung. He clung to the ladder as a drownirg man to 'a rope. He could never let go. Why was ho not going up the ladder ? There were boats left. He had seen that. He, could fight for a place, and be saved. He was so young ; not old, like the mate and captain. They must give him a place. All at once he loosened his hold, and ran blindly for the door. On the way he tripped, and fell hea-ily on his hands and face, cutting and bruising them. He lay half-stunned for a minute, m?an ing from the pain, then raised himself, and crawled the rest of the way. He passed through the door, and with feverish haste shot the great iron bolts. The boy was ;done in his tomb. He leant against the bulkhead, sick, sick to death. Why had h'le done this ? He did not know. They would be saved now, but he-O God, no more light or life for him! His poor dry lips moved convulsively, and his hands beat aim lessly on the iron walL He would go back. Hope returned with a rush. He would die in the open-with others round him. It would be good to die thus, not in this hell of darkness and desolateness. He unshot one bolt, and fumbled for the other. Then, with a low moan, he cast himself from it, driving his teeth into his lip in his agony. It was not to be. He was too great a coward to live. He zould only die. He would pray, But he could think of nothing-nothing but the "This night when I lie down to sleep," he had learnt at his mother's knee. To sleep-oh, he would sleep long ! There was to be no waking this time. How the water was creeping up ! Long shuddering fits shook his frame, as he felt the icy fingers of death rising inch by inch. He screamed and raved, dashing his head against the iron, that death might come quickly. He plunged beneath the water, only to come up again fighting madly for life. Then there was a long drawn sob, and then silence. The captain stood on the bridge, a figure of stony despair. The land could never be reached with water pouring like a torrent into the forward hold. He cursed his negligence in overlooking such a frightful blunder. It was going to cost two hundred lives, and he must not be among the saved. The Pride of Asia was getting low in the water, but he could not understand why she was not sinking more by the bow. She was vibrating from the engines pushed to their highest -pressure for the firemen stuck gallantly to their posts. Five minutes went, and ten, and then with a sudden shock, she took the ground, and all were safe. Next morning, young Malcolm was missing, and the sorrowful news was sent to his father. It was thought that he had fallen overboard when the ship grounded, and he could not swim. A week afterwards the divers entered the forward hold, and 'found, to their astonishment, that the bulkhead door, which they had expected to find open, was closed. They forced it open, and against it was floating the body of a boy. Old Captain Malcolm comes often to the little graveyard by the sea. In it stands a cross, on which are inscribed the words;-" REnE LIre A HaERO." Pall Mall Gazette. 