FASHIONS IN A CENTURY'S FICTION. -. BY M. G. H. In the years sinoe the publication of " Waver- ley " in 1814 England has produced more novels than all tho other countries of Europe together. He who cares to follow tho fads and fashions of English fiction through the century that is dosing will reap rich »eward in interest, Hind gleam much historical information, for in g gie novela published in the last hundred years in k'fiuglund is recorded every change in social insti S lirions and ¡deas. It may be contended that the Masters of Fiction deal always with things com mon to all time and humanity, and concern them i-B1 ves little with matters transient and superficial. ï Certainly Thackoray, Miss Austen, George Eliot, even Scott, aro most unapproachable when deal- ing with ordinary personages and every day events. ijlVbat would Amelia Sedley, Emma or Hetty Sprrel, be in the hands of second-rate writers'? ifct oven such novelista have, of necessity, re- booted some of the thought and fashion of ££ieir day ; while there ia a far largor class of good tfcoond-rank writers who have been willing to |Souro a temporary but moro immediate suooess by ï Smiting themselves to tho present, utilising our Sjant ¡deas, playing on strings at the moment y'Sbrating. At the time of Mr. Stead's "Ghosts jj-Sid More Ghost» " thirty novóla were produced ,;|Oaling with ghostly phenomena. Twenty-nine jfjr'ero below the lovel we nie considering ¡ one Jl'ill continue to livo. The intrinsio merit of £» Ceoilia do Noel " is great, yet had not the ¡J'riter used the prevailing fad as a peg on whioh f ¡j hang her asking of tho eternal question Whence ? and Whether ? it would scarcely have become popular. " Looking Backward," " Chil dren of Gibeon," " Trilby," " Tho Lovers," " Marcella," " The Palten Experiment," " No. " John-street," are not all these instances of successful seizing of current ideas embodying of fashions of thought ? Of the same class, on a lower plane, is the whole array of physiological and new women stories. Of course, literature has never in any age been an isolated product, it has always mirrored something of the circumstances in which is found birth. Yet tho notion of our day is surely moro flexible, more complex, readier to catch shifting sidelights than that of any earlier time ? Mr. Grant Allen was indeed wrong in supposing " novels of purpose " to be a modern product, outcome of our day of wider education. For only with Scott and Jane Austen did fiction find short lived freedom from the obvious secocdary purpuse to which it had previously been subservi- ent. Shortlived, for prolific was the outpnt of High Church novels fifty years ago, and " Yeast " and "t Alton Locke " were both produced in 1849. Yet while we boar in mind the underlying pur pose from Xenophon to Fielding, and the politico philosophical novel of the end of the eighteenth century, we may yet claim for the nineteenth 'in output of good fiction, dealing with mattars social and political, such as no former time has known. Just because this literature is complex and manny-sided, and we cannot detach it from our selves, it is almost impossible as yet to classify its writers or fix on' its leading tendencies. What is possible and will amply repay time spent on it is the taking of special types of subjects, and tracing the development in the treatment of them during the century. Such personages as Hero and Heroine, such, subjects as disease, women's work, and education, suggest themselves to our mind. There are many sub- divisions of tho woman subject. The history of the Factory Laws affecting them may be traced almost in detail from "Alton Locke " through the works of Sir Walter Besant to " Sir George Tressady." If, as we probably shall, we pursue our study backwards, from the more modern to the earlier novel, we may find comfort for our souls. When Marcella proves too heartrending in tho exposure of tho iniquity of the Game Laws, it is good to realise -that ' Yeast " told of more dire and pressing injustice. Thus, also, we may see from the maudlin sentiment of Dean Farrar's " Eric " and the insufferable priggishness of the hero of " The Mighty Atom " to the real hard ship of " Nicholas Nickleby," and rejoice that schools such as Mr. Squeers' are now no more. In the space at our command it is impossible to trace tho suggested subjects in detail, but we may outline the development of one or two of them. What likeness is there between Dolly of the " Dialogues" and Mrs.Radcliffe's heroine, whoso nightly practice was-fainting, within reach of the moonlit waves, clid in white muslin and kid slippers ? or even between Marcella and Amy of " Tho Heir of Redclyffe?" At the beginning of tha nineteenth century we find, as our national heroine of romance, a lady who has no counterpart in tho fiction of to-day. Called " our heroine," she is a person of astonishing resource and adapta bility, but withal of remarkable saineness. Un like her descendants, she is always faultlessly beautiful, perfect in face- and form, and neither flood, fire, nor tears can mitigate this loveliness. Given to fainting and exceedingly delicate, this lady never sucouuibs to the frequent and sustained shooks which are her portion. Held by brigands, enveloped in flame, or immersed in flood, she pre- serves always a gracious and dignified appoarauce. Mrs. Oliphant has told us of the " delicate strength that distinguishes blood." Til is mys- terious quality is markedly possessed by the early nineteenth century heroine. Of her and her ad- ventures much may be gleaned from " Northauger Abbey." In that delightful book Jane Austen held her up to ridicule, as early as 1813, but she long survived that and all other criticism. Only 50 years ago we find her thus described in Lord Lytton's " My Novel :"-" Nora startled Eger- ton by a beauty of face and form belonging to the rarest order. He bowed low his proud front at the first sight of that delicate bloom, that exquisite gentleness, a woman's surest passport to the respect of man. One day he was shown into a room set apart as Nora's. While waiting for her entrance he turned over the leaves of an album, He saw a sketch of his own features ; he read words inscribed below it, words of such artless tenderness, such unhoping sorrow, mystic sighs never confided to any human ear. He saw that he was beloved, and all the barriers between him self and his love were consumed. At that moment Nora entered. She saw him bending over the book She uttered a cry, sprang forward, and then sank down, covering her face with her hands." Extreme types are, like strong state- ments, templatiously picturesque, and of course the women of that day were no more all Noras than we are all Dodos, Idealas, and Mrs. Hawks - bees. The year 1852 gave to fiction in Beatrix Esmond a heroine who is a woman for all time, and as early as 1815 Miss Austen produced Emma, who is strikingly modern in all but super- ficial respects. Yet, setting aside these notable exceptions., the typical heroine of fiction has changed and changed immensely, and excluding the novel in which all grace and proportion are lost in zeal for cause, tho heroine of to-day is a more.attractive and less mysterious being than her predecessor. She is a robust person, who has substituted walking, cycling, and tennis for " the stately grace of a minuet," and a healthy appetite for the practice of " merely touching a goblet with her lips." The transition has been gradual, but there are marked stages in it. Until " Jane Eyre " there had lasted the heroine of white muslin and moral perfection. Before her advent there had been few attempts to model the woman of fiction from 'the heart outwards, and it is difficult for us to realise the consternation created by this tale of a gover- ness with strong intellect and emotions in a read- ing public accustomed only to titled and decorous heroines. The " Times " blew a blast both loud and shrill at the appearance of " Shirley." Not without cause, for probably—all unawares— Charlotte Bronte founded the " problem " school of fiction which has run riot among us of late. George Meredith's Diana, too, is one of the first of her kind, essentially a woman, yet the product in character and action of intense life and com plex influences. Near the end of " Diana of the Crossways," we find the following conversation between Diana and her friend :-" And tell me," Emma said, " are not your views of life brighter to-day? You are beginning to think hopefully again. Who can really think and not think hopefully ? When we despair or discolour things it is our senses in revolt, and they have made tho sovereign brain their drudge. There is nothing the body suffers tho soul may not profit by. With that I sail into the dark ; it is my promise of the immortal, teaches me to see immortality for us." This to eyes accustomed to lighter and more impressionist sketches may look a little heavy and pedantic, but at least there is a wider gulf between Diana and her ancestress in fiction -who would no more have analysed the past in her wedding day than she could have formu- lated a general law from her personal suffering than between Diana and Bernardine of " Ships that Pass in the Night." The heroine of to-day has fewer outward disa- bilities than of old. Harsh relatives, inexorable parents, barriers of class,-these have gone, but in consequence she in thrown more completely on her own resources, and must be able to express herself at length and lucidly. Among the most convincing of modern heroines is Gillian in "At the Cross Roads." In a sentence describing her, Miss Montresor gives what is perhaps tho key- note of difference between the heroine of 1899 and her ancestress of the beginning of the century. Gillian, with " her surface frankness and her real reserve," a typical modern heroine of the wholesomest kind, is surely the very anti- thesis of the Noras who wrote their most sacred feelings in albums which lay on the boudoir tables, but fainted at the actual approach of their lovers. Of coarser make than Gillian, yet in the same mould, is Mrs. Steel's Alice Gissing, who knew nothing of sentiment, but faced death de- fiantly, unregretfully, for a child she did not love. Conning that phrase ' surface frankness and real reserve," a host of modern heroines flit before our eyes. Catriona, Maude of Benson's " Money Market," Babbie of ' The Little Minister." and a hundred others. Mrs. Humphry Ward's Marcella mirrrors the girl of to-day with her school adorations, her phase of socialism, free student life, her want of reverence for authority, in a manner difficult to surpass. From Marcella our descendants will learn more of the position of an intelligent girl in English life at the close of the Nineteenth Century, than from the most carefully drafted educational report. The author has shown herself in marvellous degree mistress of the art of catching and reproducing the shifting side-lights of our time. For the details of House of Commons, dinners and labour con- gresses the historian of the future will be grateful, and such photography has secured the book's im- mediate success. Its skill lies in tho fact that all its complicated trappings are the fashions of to-day, not yesterday ; its weakness in the certainty that these will be valueless to- morrow. Then tho work must stand or fall by the amount of substance common to all time beneath tho covering of con- temporary custom and events. Meanwhile, it is not easy to find a better example than Marcela of the fact that the heroine of English fiction moves with the times, stands as a record and monument of more than herself. The ubiquitous hero of sixty years ago " godlike " in face and form, and appearing always at the right moment to snatch tho heroine from the arms of the brigand—may seem at first sight to have passed away with the flowered waistcoats of tho period that paid him honour. Yet surely he is ancestor in direct line of the in- fallible Sapt and Steinmetz of to-day ? And between him and them is more obvious relationship than between their respective contemporary heroines ? This fact supports our statement that the notion of tho century mirrors the social changes of the time, for the boundaries in which the hero moves, though geographically widened, are conventionally much less altered than those of the heroine who, since 1840, has found new spheres of activity, new worlds to conquer and possess. Van Bibber, with all his modernity, is not separated from the nobler race of Vallancourts by any such gift as that which yawns between Lyndall of " The African Farm " and Miss Edgeworth's Evelina. The treatment of " Disease " by novelists of the century, is a subject that will repay long and careful study. Early in the century Harrison Ainsworth and his school described characters who were given to " rolling corpses on the plain," and knew no stage between this plight and radiant health. Such methods of despatch survive in our schoolboy literature, but more worthy writers are equipped with so much scientific lore that the growth of ' medical know- ledge may almost be traced in their pages. Charles Kingsley stands at the head of those who have vividly depicted well-known diseases. In " Two Years Ago " we have cholera and delirium tremens. Everywhere he preaches sani- tation and care of tho body. In " Water Babies," the health thought is ever present, and tho drainage of our cities there finds place in the beautiful lyric-" Clear and Cool, Clear and Cool," which the river sings to Water Baby Tom. Thackeray, the great master of the era we are considering, could not do poor work ; all his creations are finished and whole, however few the touches employed. He never attempted detailed description of the illness of his characters, but they all suffer or die convincingly. The illness of Arthur Pendennis in the Temple is an excel- lent example of this careful, though outline treatment. The same cannot be said of Dickens. The mild lunacy of Mr. Dick and Mr. F.'s aunt is delightful, but it is Dickens' own creation, drawn from tho No-Man's-Land of his imagina- tion. His host of child victims, such as little Nell, die for purely sentimental purposes, and they contrive to defy every known medical rue in doing so. For tho past thirty yeurs novelists have increasingly drawn on medical and scientific lore, to mingle with established fact much of their own prophecy and imagining. Oliver Wendell Holmes in ' Elsie Venner," Besant in " The Ivory Gate," Du Maurier in " Peter Ibbetson " and " Trilby," Conan Doyle in his Doctor and Detective Stories, have all on foundation of scientific fact built a superstructure of their own surmise. The bonds uniting Science and Fiction are strong, and every day they are knitted more closely together. With increased facilities for travel, the wilds of Spain, tho mysteries of Italy, and the supply of rich relatives dying in Aus- tralia, have failed tho novelist. He has had to seek a new region of wonders, and he has dis- covered one which cannot be exhausted, for it stretches away and away beyond tho bounds of mortal vision. To tho man of science tho novelist now turns for copy, turns—and finds it, and makes tho labour of the student known to tho man in tho street. For instance, how many persons previously ignorant of the disease aphasia made its acquaintance through Aurelian M'Goggin, of " Plain Tales from the Hills." In considering recent fiction many lines of thought might be fol- lowed, innumerable inquiries made. What de termines tho fashion, first of tales of inoident, then of analytical novels ? Why did the writers, arising aftor 1832, oust the historical novel from tho pinnacle on which it had been set by Scott ? oust it so completely that Mr. Saintsbury tells us " Lorna Doone " was greeted with contempt in 1870 as belonging to an old- fashioned and romantic school. With " Treasure Island," in 1883, Louis Stevenson led a successful crusade of novels of incident against the degenerate de- scendants of Charlotte Bronte and George Eliot. He has many disciples, though they have not all the sunny saneness of restraint of the master. Are " The Raiders," " Tho Prisoner of Zenda," " Captains Courageous," " Richard Carvell," and their like destined to silence Sarah Grand and George Moore ? or will the 20th century lean to that mingling of the romantic and analytical which George Meredith alone can give us in per- fection, but which we recognise in the Indian stories of Mrs. Steele? Another there is who unites these tendencies, can work in both mediums, make music in either strain. He whose illness but yesterday made Europe as one. Whither will he take us in the century that is coming ? The door in the hillside is shut, yet this pied piper has but to make music and we follow, assured that for him there lies a wondrous region of romance beyond the portal of the opening year. 