The Petitioner's Address. Petitioner then addressed tho jury. Ho said that Mr. "Want lind pointed out that tho only witness lie had was Mrs. Coning- ham. Ho would, howovor, point out that all his witnesses wore adhoronts of tho Roman Catholio Churoh, and it was with diffioulty that he got any, answers from thom. Ho had fought this case, alono, whilo on tho other side-thoro was tho ablöst counsel nt tho Bar. As soon as ho hocamo aware of his WÍÍO'B infidelity he wroto to the co-respondent, hut the letters -which, ho had written wore not produced iu court. From * Iiis childhood ho (petitioner) had hod nothing to do with courts of law ; this was the first ease with which ho had been connected. He would ask tho jury to disregard tho suggestions of collusion sot np by tho co- respondont, because tliero was no evidence whàtovorto prove it. Thore was not ono breath of suspioion against the character of respon dent since lier marriage, except this mis conduct , with tho co-respondent, and ' all tho astuteness "of the .oilier side bad not been able to establish it. All that Mr. ! Want could bring against him was a dis-- I honored cheque for £2 Os. There was no I crime, in that. He. asked the jury what; should bo the punishment of a man whose duty it was to direct the erring into the paths of virtue if they found these charges proved. Was it likely that the co-respon dent would admit the truth -of these charges against him ? He asked the jury in weighiug tho tcstimoiry to judge by the-" ¡ demeanour, of respondent uuder cross- j examination in tho box. What could be I a woman's object in telling this story ?' I The opposing counsel had never even ' suggested a motive. Ho directed the jury s attention to the diltorence m the evidence of the co-respondent, Langton, and tho boy O'Brien regarding a messagei alleged to bo sent to Mrs. Coningham about the bab3\ There was also a discrep ancy in co-respondent's account of the giviug of tho harp to Mrs. Coningham. Co-respondent had not accounted for his departure from his usual custom in putting his initials and date on the dark part of % tho photograph instead of his full name on tho mounting. ' lie asked tho .jury , to bolievo Mrs. Coningham's oooouiit of the ^ gift of the photograph, and." commented upon Dr. O llama's evidenoe regarding: the telephone message. As to tho night, of March IT, there was ono matter of which tho jury were entitled to take cog-. nisauco. It was sworn that that was the only night on which Dr. O'Haran was not punctual at his appointment. A con clusion could be drawn from that, ltespeeting the confession made in writiug by the respondent, it was in tho same state now as when it was received by him. He had made no alteration whatever iu it, but whether the respondent had struck out unythiug after she wrote it, and before she sout it to him, he could not say. It was sworn by him that that the confession was now in the same stato us when it carno into his hands, and he repeated that oath. The letters written to Miss Shiols which', had been put in evidence wont to prove that there had boon, and could bo, no col lusion between himself and his wifo. He (petitioner) had promised respondent that he would not proceed to extremes,, aud Mrs. Coningham wrote to Miss Shiels on that assumption. Had there been collusion Mrs. Coningham would not havo written theso letters. There was a matter connected with the mau Henry James or Grimshaw. This mau sorvod tho petition on tho rospoudeut, . and she said he advised her to tear up the potition nud uot appear. They also fouud. that this man was acting for the other' side. Ho asked the jury to discount the evidence of Mrs. Gorman os to the charao tor of his wife during tho time ho (poti * ion or) was in England. There was ovidenco in direct contradiotiou to it, and " the records of tho courts would' show on whioh'side the truth lay. He combated. Mr. Want's statement that witnesses had been manufactured. It was unnecessary for him to go into tho remarks made by : the opposing counsel as to his legal assist ants. As to his own chnraoter, if there- 1 was anything against it the other side . would havo brought evidence about it. \ Mr. Want had called him a blackmailer, \ but he had put his potition on tho reoords of the court, and claimed £5000 damage*. .That did not make him a blackmailer, und ho defied the opposing sido to bring an atom of proof that he had ovor attemptod:. to gota penny out of Dr.O'Haran. "He did not waut a ponuy of tho damages. Mr. Waut had^sought to show that there was collusion between respondent and. himself, but no answer of that kind had hoon flied, and if it wore ho asked the jurv to say that that did not aiïeot thu guilt or otherwise of Dr. O'Haran. There was nothing strange about the posting of his wife's confession to him in the city. \ Ho would never have sought justice in tho court , if his lottors to tho co-respondent had bèeu auswored. Ho drew tho atten tion of the jury to tho consistency botweou his oyidonce and that of his wifo, which wont to contradict tho theory of concoc tion. Various stories wero told.by the witnesses about the co-respondent's attend ance at the TOWH Hall on St. Patrick's night, 1899, but he could easily have been at the presbytery between 7 and 8 o'clock,, as well as at tho Town Hall. He asked tho jury if it wero likely that any woman would tell such a story as tho witness Laugtou said Mrs. Coningham told him. Mrs. Coningham came to thè oourt and told her story straightforwardly, and ho thought that iu all Mr. Want's career he had never.-.mot siich a witness. - Ho asked the jury to judge betwoon the demeanour of respondent and tho co-respondent in ., tho witness-box. Mr.. Want asked for_a. oleau-out . issue ; that was all he (petitioner) ? ? '."' wanted. Ho stood there for; nine days to . - fight tho case, pónuiloss and alone, fight- .'. iug against brains and money.;-Ho hoped their verdict would,mete out a punishment that would deter, others^from guilt. The- j.: jury had seen the witnesses' arid hèàrd'the evidenoe,'.and he left tho; matter in their- ' v hands. ' (Continued on pago li.) NEVEK DESPAIK of being nblo to overcome the ? troubles «if this world, fur 'they- will-disappear liko'dew before the tutti if we. only look them squarely: itt tho face. If'ynti »ra u (Tooted ivith uny bojiiy dtseaf«, give ; Unllovvay's Pills and . " -: Ointment « tri"! ; tlit-y will afford speedy tollof, and in time nifuot u mire." They'er« .the best known remedio» fur «Il oomplaint«. During ibo ' summer months many peoplo are afüictod "with bowel and liver disorders, iliarrhou», dyaetitcy, eolio, low favor» &a.; These 'comedies are un equalled in such caries, and should thorofcire be the Vade JIfcçitm nf all who value sound honlih. They m»y be procured from »ll obomiste und, medicine vendors. . - . . Woimi Kxowisa.-To prevent <i spring-mut tress from getting rusty Hud spoiling th« bed . 3 clothes ; Get H pint of. GOODWIN'S " HASTIUS " OoMMKATios VAKîrrsH,' and- give It^jT'coat; it"";» dries almost instantaneously-«nd ueyer sticks "..-.. . Itjnay .be had from all the principal deniers ta I'Ltimore.-aml froul-'A;,P..Qi>oi>wr*<r^roni043r.'v' Sydney Divorce Court. CONINGHAM V. CONINGHAM (O'HARAN CO-RESPONDENT. ) (Continued from wvje. -v The Judgb's Summing U;i in the Case. His HoNOit, in summing up, read the issues .which the jury hail to try. The first issues -which they hart to try was, lie said, whether trie parties were married on March ll, 1.Jilli. They lind the certificate of marriage, about which thero was no contest, so tho jury might find in favor of the petitioner on that issue. The second issue was whether de fendant hud committed adultery with tho co-rosponileut. As he had told them during tile progress of the case- it might appear (strange to them, but it was quito open to a Judge sitting by himself, or a jury, to believe in certain circumstances, and according to tho evidence in any particular ease, that tho respondent comraittrd adultery with tho co respondent, although they might find thnt the co-respondent did not commit adultery with tho respondent. Thero was no question about such a verdict, for the simple reason that thoro might bo evidence in a caso against the respondent, hut no ovidonco whatever against tho co-rospondeut. An admission that sho hnd committed adultery, if that 'wore proved against her to tho satisfaction of tho j ury, was evidence against lier, and judges and juries might find a verdict upon those admissions, lint tho admissions of n respondent outside tho court,.whilo they wero evidoneo against her, wore no ovidonco what ever ngainst tho co- respondent. That was both law and justice. A womnn might say nnything sho liked outside tho court ngaiust anyone sho ploasotl, and her statouiont was evidence against liorself, but it would ho very hard i£ this evidence was to bo takon against tho man. Tho jury noed not, ho thought, tronblo thomsolves very much in this particular caso by such consideration ns nroso whoro a woman simply mndo an admission out of court. If tho respondent had not boon called hero ns n witness thero would not have boon tho smallost tittle of evidoneo against Dr. O'ilarnn, because hor admissions outside tho court were no ovidonco wliatover nguinst tho co-respondent. IToro, however, tho woman lind givon ovidonco, and that ovidonco was distinct from an ad mission outside ns against Dr. O'ilarnn, and wns entitled to such woight as tho jury thought ought midor nil. tho circumstances bo attached to it. At tho outset ho might as well say that ho had never, sinco lie had been performing among other duties thoso of a .ludgoof a Divorce Court, mot with any caso in which tho respondent wns called asa witness, nttdhad admitted hor own adultery and that of tho co-rospondont. Ho was not aware of any caso whero such a tiling had nrison. His Honor thon dirootod tho atten tion of tho jury to tho caso of Crawford v. Crawford, Dilko eo-rosponclont its illustrating the caso whore a verdict might ' bo found against tho rospondout, and not against tho co-respondent. He also dirootod their atten tion to tho Into Chiof Justico Cockburn in delivering a judgment in tho Appeal Court on an nppoal from a decisian of tho -Tudgo Ordinary in enso of Robinson v. Robinson and Litiuo. Tho Lord Chief .Tustico in that decision spoke of tho weight which should bo givon to tho admissions, of a rospondont made outsido tho court. Ho spoko of ad missions mudo outsido tho court being ovi donco against tho party making them, but not ovidonco against tho co-rospondont Tjano, nnd also pointod out how cnrofully such admissions ought to bo weighed. Tho jury might return a vordict upon tho ovi donco in favor of tho potitionor on both tho issuos if thoy boliovod tho ovidonco of tho ros Sondont. They might think also that thoro ad boon indiroct corroboration of hor ovi donco. Thoro woro circumstances in tho «ase which had boon rolioil upon by "Mr. ' Moss, attornoy for tho potitionor, in In's oponing address, and bj' tho potitionor which under tho circumstances might amount to .corroboration. Tho. giving of tho photo might bo eonsidorod to bo ono of thom. . According to tho ovidonco of tho potitionor bo found it ono day in his wife's box-on May 22 or 23 of this yoar. Tho photo had ?upon it tho initials of Dr. O'Hnran. Poti tionor said that ho liad noticed his wife's coltlnoss towards him, and searched hor box ono day wlion she was out and found tho photograph and tho small harps prodttcod. Iîespondont said it was givon to hor ono night after misconduct had occurred, but Dr. O'Haran gavo an entirely difforont ver sion of it.. Ho stated that Airs. Coningham told him that she had got tho photo at tho fair, as ho had not givon hor ono, and that sho wont to him and askod him to put his initials upon it. Ho took it into the room whero other pooplo woro working at tho limo and wroto his initials on it, afterwards returning it to lier. Tho dato on tho photo was Octobor 2, and Dr. O'Haran said -that this was tho only thing which enabled him to fix tho dato. After ho wroto tho initials and tho dato ho roplacod tho photo ra tho papor in which it had been wrappod and returned it. His evidence on this point wns not corroborated. Tho value of tho gift did not consist in its poouniary value. Ho would not nil ado to those matters any moro than to' refer to Mr. "Want's suggestion thnt tho nama was written across tho photograph because otherwise it would be biddon when ihe picturo was placed in a frame. Dr. O'Haran had givon photographs to other ladies and thoro was no suggestion of im propriety in their cases. His Honor quoted from tho finding of the Judge Ordinary, (now called tho TProsidont of tho Divorco Court), in tho case of Ginger v. Ginger, -whore a judicial separation was sought ou the grounds of tho husband's misconduct. In that case tho only witness as to tho mis . conduct was tho paramour, and hor ovidonco was robuttod by witnesses, who said thoy never missed tho respondent from the room on occasions whon misconduct was alleged . to have takon place elsewhere. In Dr. . O'Haran's caoe a whole lioBt of witnesses swore that they novor missod Wm from the \- processions. In the case quoted from, the . Judge Ordinary said if ho woro forced to depend upon tho ovidonco of tho para mour he must dookie in the aflirma .tivo, but ber story must bo examined to -see if lie was free from all reasonable doubt. And that was what the jury had to bo satis fied about in this case. They bad to find the issuos "Yes or No." Thore waá*no such thing as " not proven.'.' They.must con -sider tho principle of tho law-that the case lor tho potitionor must be made put to the satisfaction of tho jury, without reasonable doubt. Tho petitioner's story was clear and distinct. Ther-9 was a somewhat parallel case, Ciocci v. Ciocci. In that case tho wife sought a iudical separation "from her hus band, and it had been stated in support of the chargo of ruisconduct mudo against him tlmt ho liad boon soon talking to woman of bad chnructcr. Tho husband sot up tho de fence that ho was a member of a prisoners' uid society, and did so in tho course of Iiis duty. In flint case tho Judge said flint tho presumption in favor of innoconco should bo actodupon if tlioro was any reasonable doubt. Without ocular proof it w us impossible to be absolutely eortuin in casos of those kind : but tho law required that they should bo satisfied in their own minds beyond reason able doubt. Let thom ask thotnsolvos in their own minds, doing justico to all parties, nfit considering ono party boforo tho other, whether they were satisfied. Thoy woro not to search about for doubts. This was not a caso in which they could lind a verdict of misconduct against Mrs. Coningham mid not against Ur. O'iluran. That would bo al most as serious a tiling for tho co-rospondent as a verdict against him. This was not a caso whore tho confession was made outside tho Court. It was mada insido tho Court, and was ovidonco against tho co- respondent. Roforring to tho question of damages, it was perfectly true that not ono ponny ol' tho money, if a verdict woro given for £5000, noed go to potitionor. Ho (his Houor) could scttlo ovory penny upon tho children, or as a provision for tho mnintonanco of tho wifo. Somebody had probably told tho potitionor that, possibly Mr. Abigail. Ho (his Honor) did not soo nny impropriety in that. Mr. Moss' action in tho caso was a vory serious stop to tako, nnd it might have a sorious offoot upon tho minds of tho jury. Ho found no fault with Mr. Moss, and only roforrod to it bocauso ono witness stated that ho saw Coningham going thero. What Mr. Want said was also perfectly truo, that no x'owor could compel Mrs. Coningham to givo ovi donco of her misconduct. Thoro was no at tempt on lior part to tako udvuntugo of hor ' privileges. Sho carno ns n voluntary and willing witnoss. Sho had a consultation with a barrister having a largo practico in tho Court, and sho had not soon lit to bo ro prosontod at tho trial. Thoro liad in this caso boon no dofenco of condonation. As tho potitionor said, thut had nothing to do with tho question of misconduct. In fact, thoro must bo nn olïoneo boforo it could bo condoned. Condonation did not oblitorato un offeuco, but in law it had a sorious bearing on tho caso. IC Mrs. Coningham had sot up and provod condona tion, ovon if tho issuo had boon provod against tho eo-rospondont, tho potitionor could not havo got a ponny damages, and ' ho (Iiis Honor) would havo lind to dismiss "tho petition, ns against Dr. O'Harnn. Con donation was not sot up-tho dofonco was a donial and a counter cbargo o£ conspiracy. Tho only way in which condonation carno in was as to how it ufToctod tho question whether thoso two people woro working to gethor. If,- under all tho circumstances, thoy boliovod Mrs. Coningham, they must find a vordiet in favour of tho potitionor, no mutter how it nffeotod Dr. O'Haran. Tho conseijuoiicoB wore almost as sorious ns if tho eo-rospondont woro on trial for his lifo. Charges of black-mailing had often boon mado, but that was no roason why in this caso tho woman's story was not truo. Tho jury hud nothing to do with thoso other casos. Ho was sorry that tho doctrino oí absolution had boon brought into tho oaso. It wus statod that a man might bo guilty of misconduct on Monday, go to confossion and got absolution, and then como to tho witnoss-box and say that lie had not boon guilty of misconduct. Dr. O'Haran said thoro was no such doctrino. Fathor Crogan -who brought his own Bihlo to bo sworn said it was not tho touching of tho Church that a man could got absolution anti bo con sidorod as not having committed any sin. Ho (his Honor) always thought it was tho doctrino of tho Church of Romo-und, in doed, of tho Christian roligion-that if a sin was forgivon thon it was wipod' out. Ono of tho priests did say that tho absolution was, " I absolve thoo from thy sins in tho nnrno of tho Father, Son, and Holy Ghost " Thoro was some dilïoronco as ho understood it botwoon tho explanations given by Fathor Crogau and Dr. O'Haran-at any rato, in tho first part of tho latter's ovidonco. He quoted from tho ovidonco to show tho doctrino of tho Church of Romo on this point, and ho nskod tho jury if it was not tho doctrino of tho Christian roligion and of tho Scipturos. Did it follow from thnt that ovory Roman Catholic was going to como into tho witnoss-box and toll Hos ? Ho had ! had Roman Catholic servants, and his ox porionco was that wlion they woro good Catholics thoy woro honest, reliable, anti j truthful. If tho jury boliovod tho ovidonco of Mrs. Atock, Miss Johnstono, Miss Holling dalo, and Father Byrne, thon tho story rolntod by Mrs. Coningham as to tho occur rence of Juno 29 could not bo truo. Poti tionor said thoso people put thoir hoads togothor to got thoir priost out of it. Tho ovidonco of Fnthor Byrne was' clear, and was very important. ' Potitionor .tried to put it to thom that tho whola Church was con cerned in this caso, and. that^'thojivitnossos ; hud sworn ? for tho" Ghiirch¡;'»; Had Fattier Church"? As to March 17, 1890, respondent gavo ovidonco of misconduct having talton placo at tho Cardinal's Hall, and that sho wont to thp theatre aftorwards. Sho was then in ovoning dress. Was that story told by tho rospondont ono in whioh tho jury thought they could placo relianco ? Sho had to moot hor own sister immediately after wards, and hor ovidonco was that sho walked across tho iiark, mot lier sister, wont to tho opera, and mot hor own husband after tho opora was over. A numbor of witnesses woro called on behalf of tho co-respondent Mr. Purcoll, Mr. Murphy (prosidont of tho St. Vincont do Paul Socioty), and othors all sworo that Dr. O'Harnn was nt tho Town Hall on that night. Rospondont had, how ovor, fixed no timo in tho ovoning at which this misconduct took placo. It was asked why Mrs. Bostock was not called, but what could sho have proved ? Ho referred to tho tolophone message sent to Mrs. Atock. It was common politeness for any person asked to dinner to apologise if he could not go. A message was sent, but it WOB after Dr. O'Haran arrived at tho priost's house. There was no accounting ; for - different ideas or actions of different people. Dr. , O'Haran moy '? have been too busy to go, and ho said he had dinner B' false ovidenco' to savo the in the middle of tho day. He allude« to tho prayor-books given by the co- respon dent to Slr. Pureoll and Miss Galvin, anc they wero placod before tho jury for wha tlioy wore worth. Potitionor had asked, fo: photographs givon to other ludios, but it wa manifestly impossible for a person to alway trace such gifts. These dates-June 29 ant March 17-were most important ns booritif on tho truth or otherwise of respondent' ovidonco. She did not ask to correct ho evidence on thoso points, and muintainoi that her story was true. Thoro wore tin letters written hy tho rospondont to Mis Shiels, and thoy woro put into tho hands o tho jury for all thoy were worth. Tho lotto containing tho allegotl confession roquirot very serious consideration. Was tho dat "3rd July" inserted, itt tho lotter after it wu writton ? Ho would not say any moro nbou that-tho lottor spoke for itself. Won tlioso tho gonn ¡no lottors of a wife udmittiti| her guilt and begging forgiveness? Thoi they hud to cousidor tho conduct of tin piiTtios after tho potition was sorvotl-who did that moan? Tho petitioner's enso wa not to bo prejudiced by Mr. Moss's with d rn wal. Petitioner's registration of th child's birth took placo wlion ho had n knowlodgo of his wifo's misconduct. Th ovidonco of tho boy O'Brion that Mri Coningham sent up n inessa go to Di O'lTnrun to soo tho child was not to bo los sight of. If Dr. O'Haran had to go dowi to soo ovory child baptizod at tho (juthodru or to fool tho woight of it, Ivis timo would b protty woll occupiod. Mrs. Coningham' dosiro that Dr. O'Haran should soe tho chili was quito consistent with co-rospoadont' innocence-it was a circumstance, that wa all. Ho placed boforo tho jury n digos proparod by tho associato, giving tho dato and piucos whoa and whoro misconduct wa allegod to liavo occurrod. Co-rospondoii said all this was untrue. Ho did not thin that tho fact that respondent had lind misfortuno in hor oarly lifo should of itsol impair hor credibility. Uoth potitionor nm respondent said that up to tho timo of th nets of misconduct thoy had led ahnppy life Thoro was nothing in all this caso ngains tho petitioner, oxcopt that ho was accused o hoing a blackmailer. It was admittotl tba potitionor liad writton to Dr. O'Haran, bu tho lottors wore not put in ovidonco. Hil Honor wont in dotail through tho evidence Tho issuo wns, ho said, did tho jury lioliovi tho rospondont or Dr. O'llaran ? If thoj boliovod hor, thon thoy would give a vordici for tho petitioner ; if thoy boliovod Dr O'Haran thoy would find a vordict in bis favor. If, howovor, they found for tin I>otitionor, they would have to consider tht quostion of damagos, and in determining tc what dninngos tho potitionor was ontitlot tho jury must romoinbor that they woro HOI thoro to in. any way punish tho co-rospon dont. If thoy awarded only a singlo shil ling to tho potitionor with a view to punish, ing Dr. O'Haran thoy woro doing that whtel thoy woro not authorised to do. Tht damages must bo by way of compensation to tho potitionor. Did Dr. O'Haran take ndvnntago of his position, as a Roman Catholic priest to act improperly with the rospondont was a question which could be takon into consideration in osti mating dam ages. Thoy could »Iso cousidor whothor the partios had livod a happy lifo, whothor the respondent was a woman of easy morals, whothor BIIO was dovotod to her husband, and gonorally to consider tho terms upon which tho parties lived. Referring to tho ovidonco givon by tho rospondont that sho was served with tho potition by a mau who said Iiis namo was Houry .Tamos, employed in Mr. Abigail's office, but whom sho afterwards followed and found to bo a man named Grimshaw,- oin ployod in Mr. Slattory's office ; thnt ovidonce was not contradicted ; but whothor it meant anything or not was n matter for tho jury, not for bim. As ho had said on tho pre vious day, it might bo possiblo that ho had sevored his connection with Mr. Abigail's oifico since ho sorved tho petition and had como in some way or other to bo connected with tho othor sido. He would Ieavo it to tho jury. Thero %vas another matter. - Tho potitionor had made ' some romnrks re specting tho doctrino o£ tho Church of Romo that a person might commit a sin, confess it, make what was callod a good confession, and recoivod absolution, and the sin was forgiven. Tho petitioner put it to tho jury that a Roman Catholic was per fectly justifiod according to tho doctrine of his Church in believing that tho sin was absolutely wiped out by receiving absolution. Tho poiitionorsuggested to them that aman might commit adultory on Monday, go to confession, make what was called a good confession, recoivo absolution, and that ho might then go into tho witness box and con scientiously swear that ho bad novor commit ted adultory at all. Was that tho doc trine of tho Church ? ' Dr. O'Haran and Fatbor Crogan said thoro was no such doc trino. Ho had hoard that a lot of people boliovod that such a suggestion as that pat forward by tho petitioner was truo ; and if it wore true it would bo a most horrible doc trino to bold, Howovor, the jury had to determine tho case on tho ovidonco, the responsibility was theirs, nnd if any of thom lind imbibod such an idea ho could toll them that thoro was no ovidenco of it, but that tho ovidonco was all tho other? way.1 "The potitionor had mado thoso charges against tho Roman Catholic body. If thoy believod tho evidoneo of tho rospondont thoy must boliovo that tho testimony called on behalf of Dr. O'Haran-that on certain nights ho was olsowhore than nt tho Cathedral-was false.1 With i^gard to tho suggestion bf potitionor that most of the witnossos wero Roman Catholics, the jury must romombor that tho respondent was also a Roman Catholic. If tho ease for the co-respondent was woakonod, as was suggested by potitionor by that fnot, his own caso was correspondingly woakonod. Ono mt noss-Taylor-baa boon flourishod before tho jury. Ho said ho had soon Mrs. Coningham nt St. Mary's Cathedral during tho luncheon adjournment on tho second day of the trial. His ovidonco was flatly contra dicted by Edwards, the court keeper, and Fitzpatrick, the Sheriff's officor. Tho jury had to consider whothor Taylor was telling tho truth or Edwards and Fitzpatrick. His Honor in conclusion said tho duty of the jury was to roturn a verdict according to tho evi dence, rogordloss of consoqueneos, and with out fear, favour, nffeotion or ill will. Tho jury retired at 11.8 a.m. to consider their, vordict, the summing up having occu pied a little, over five hours. Mr. "Want, after the jury had retired, said, with, reference to the remarks m ado respect ing tho mon Grimshaw, that he was recom- . mended to Mr. Slattery by tho police, and | that Mr. Slattery never knew his name was , James. Mr. Slattery was also unaware that | this ma« had been in Mr- Abigail's employ. ? 