. THE TELEPHONE MUDDLE. It Is now somewhat over a week since the report of. the Inquiry Board on the telephone system was published, but the condition of "Inefficiency and muddle In this Important branch of the public service still.- continues. No one, of course, formed any great expecta tions that matters could be set right by the ;mere publication of. a collection of wise saws '.and modern Instances wh'ich would occur to the mind of any decently-educated fifth-form boy. 'Some of the recommendations are suffi ciently obvious to be almost puerile. : Wo 'were told that a morning call should he' made dally on each subscriber's fine; that Im mediate steps be taken, to ensure satisfactory working of the Indicators; that a supply of cords and plugs he immediately .obtained; that steps be taken to 'minimise the dust troubles; (hat the technical supervision i of the exchange work be placed under one re sponsible officer; that a Eervice control check be. Instituted; that periodical examination be made of subscribers' instruments arid appara tus; and so on, and so forth. But, In short, it needs no ghost come from the grave to tell .us this. As a matter of 'fact, the report of \- the Inquiry Board practically condemns all telephone systems per. se. We. are saplently informed that the outdoor construction of the v telephone system, both as regards the aerial and underground work, leaves nothing to be desired. It Is, moreover, doubtful whether the single pole construction can be excelled in any part of the world, and in no other city In the world have such well-constructed and spacious tunnels been arranged; and then the inquiry Board goes on laboriously to ex plain that In several respects we are better off than Paris, and many of the principal Cities In Europe and America. Yet, again, the switchboard Is conceded to be of tho most up-to-date pattern of its kind, being similar in ' principle to switchboards working In Europe, and In many of the Australasian cities. Why, then, these tears; whence the muddle 7 Tho Board Is exhaustive In point ing. out the cquses of the defects- In our tele- pKorie system; but conservative to the degree of incompetency In suggesting effective reme- .dlesi Reports similar to our own of muddles in' this important department of the public seevlee do not reach us from Paris, and from ; the leading cities of Europe, America, and 'Australasia; because, presumably, they do not exist.- If these muddles are non-existent In these cities, let us obtain from one of them an expert capable of administering their sys tem, Our magnificent superiority in detail appears to be accompanied by a minimum of Efficiency In every practical essential. But let ub thank Heaven our Govern ment1: appointed a Board of Inquiry, which, In its turn, gave us an "exhaustive" rejjort. .When/ 'Abraham. Lincoln, wastipproaohed by o, <i6mmlttee of clergymen,' with a requeBt to rerrJOVO General Grant, be- . cause that great soldier yag wont to drink whisky, tho huufororis FMB&oiftJririrtfi; the brand of the liquor, so that ho might send a lilriillar ensk to every general lu the U.S. Army, with stage directions to drink nothing else, and win similar victories to thc3e of Ge neral Grant. Verily, In this telephone ques tion, we thdly want one of tlip practical men from. Paris, or from some other of the leading cities of Europe, America, or Australasia. Onp'polnt In the Board's report deserves no tice. . It rocoriimends tho Introduction of the toll system, with Its Initial annual rental. This would bo retrogressive, The use of the tele phone should be encouraged, not penalised. The merchant who Is also a bird of passage should bo lis free to send a message per tele phone, as he now IS to send ono per telegraph. A reasonable fee should be charged, so much for a minimum mumber of words, and the complaint about loquacity would Immediately disappear .into thin air. If a man chose to pay for the privilege, there Is no reason why ho should not talk- for twenty-four hours at a stretch; and, , complementary -to the private j telephone system, a number of public telephone offieos should bq opened, and every citizen per mitted to their use, according to the rates of a fixed tariff.. The telephone system exists for the benefit of 'the coriimunlty. and must be administered Tylth a view to affording the community as irire, am amount of benefit as 'Is "possible, consistent, f course, with a rea sonable departmental profit. But the tele phone system should not be monopolised by an oligarchy; it should be at the service of the public, just as much as Is the telegraph iiyotom. With all our muck -vaunted democ racy,, we are singularly adherent to the nar rowest conservatism,. It Is only at this mo ment that we have 'achieved, the democratisa- lion nE our metropolitan tram lines. The de- mocratlsatlon of -every' other branch of the j public servjee must follow. I The trouble Is. that our. authorities are so 'conscious of human Imperfectlb)i; so anxious ' are they' to leave room for: Improvement that lheyt always begin at: the wrong end. "They, always le'avs" something to" reform,- so as not to dlflippolnt' the' expectations of those by whom they live, and breathe, and have their, being1. If they stood. in the position of Por tia's three suitors, It Is safe to wager that they would choose the leaden casket. It would .offer such a splendid opportunity for experi ments In the transmutation of metals, no mat ter how far off the possibility of obtaining gold would be. We cannot endorse the un written, but implied; verdict of the Inquiry Boiard on the Telephone System, viz.; that the system Itself is Inherently impracticable and unscientific. We believe that the telephone muddle Is a matter, not of detail, but of ad ministration; If, as, according to the Board, our apparatus Is equal, arid In some eases su perior, to that possessed by the leladlng cities of the earth, then we have a right to demand equal results— arid generously Waive the ques tion of .superiority. The Immediate demand |n this connection is an electrical Roberts, ac customed to flank movements, and not wedded to the Invariable frontal. attack. 