| SHORT:, STORY. j Two Old Loiers. I Jane Archibald sat and looked at her- I eolf in the glass, as aho had been looking for an idle half-haur. It was not often that she liad 'time to study her own re- flection/but sinco old Michael, her father, had died last week the wheols of too. clock seemed to have stopped. After a little irhilo Jano and Mary would resume their old industrious ways. Just now it seemed as if the doad old man yet lay in his room up-stairs, and if there would be an in decency in doing any work beyond that involved in supplying the immediate wants of the living. Jane sighed aloud as Bhe contemplated the fair/faded face in the greenish- colourod glass, and hor sigh floated out on ' the ghostly air of the old house. It seemed to her for a moment as if someone else— the ghost' of her youth, perhaps— had' sighed j in answer in the room, and she shivered a I little and looked nervously over her shoul- | dor. But the woman in the glass'drow her J back, and she loant again to look into the 9 short-Bighted eyes. j ' Forty-five ' years of age, two months, I and five days,' slie said'to her. Why, you1 I are an old woman !' ' 3 The face in the glasB looked baok at her,' j shocked and almost startled, i She could see that face rosy and white las she remembered- it,- and hung , about lirith golden ringlets in. the modest shade j of a white, cottage bonnet. . That was how j she had looked on Kitty's wedding day, land as the had. gone, down-stairs ; she had 3 mot Willie Maturin coming up, and he had j kissed her, whispering ta her . that she 1 irould be the next, bride, and a fairer and a sweeter even . than that morning's sun 1 ihono upon. , ; i ; .... / , 1 Years and years ago, and Jane shud- 3 dered to think of the difference bBtween i | those two faces. She felt just as' young as I the girl Of those days,, though, she had I loarht an indefinite. 'patience. She was as j ready to tremble and drop her . eyelids Sand , blush 'when' Willie 'Mjitiirin enfajreji 1 t|ie room . as in the . firat rapturous days, I long ago, and . they were .now, an ,old;un- j | married Darby and Joan, too laugh of tilo less , epmpassiphate -conn try :side. JSho; covered her 'eyes wfth Jlior, hands, ,aiid her. heart ached in the darkneas'te.think'it had, kept so young while' ber pretty face had, grown old. , , ' . , , , , , It was . still' a street ' and comely, iface,:' though' its bwnor only saw 'n' it, the ray-:' ages of time. The rose arid white, hiid been oyorspfead by an 'autumnal yellow, the rosy lips, were pale, and 'the golden., ringlets ! were ' streaked ' with., silver, Still , she was good to look upon, and a comfort ing thought came to'h'er there bobiip$ those, hidden eyes that Willie found no lack in her. She was quite sure 'that her. face '< xfts still to him the beautiful girlish face of a quarter of century ago.. Alas! that, was 'the pity of it. They,' wore old lovers' like an' old husband and wife, and, yet they i wore unmarried. ' Perhaps' now, 'fcurely now, ran the, ; woman's agitated thoughts, they wore'go- j to ho .fully happy. , It was'she who j had said, twenty-live' years ago, that, so I long, i!d WMe'mm/true to. her, she did , not j need marriage to. make her happy. It was | »h8. h!o' to-day panted' ivlth a thirst long nnsliLckod ' to berir his name and wear his i ring. Thejoys that came to other men ! and wamon who married in right season : were n'At for them, biit tiiere yet remained j the supreme happiness 'of belongirigto each | other before all toe World, as' they had be longed to each other in heart since their | ejros had first met. i With her fathers 'death the obstacle to J their' marriage had been removed! ' When poor Kitty's marriage with George ; Maturin, Willie's|elder brother, had turned .. : out so miBerably, and the wife of a year ; lay dead/with; tho moral guilt of her death at her husband's door, old Michael h'ad sworn ah oath that so. long as he lived no other child of his should marry a' Maturin. Ho' "had lived,, perhaps, to repent it. Jane had often thought that she detected ia look in hbr ' father's sunken eyes ashe watched' her. and ' Willie playing , their j game of oifibbage of an evening — a look /ouriously made up 'of pity and shame 'grid ; remorse. During ihose latter years in ; which he was paralysed, and his great : hulk was tethered helplessly in the chim- ney corner, Willie had been more than a son to him, and it might be well that he I should feel remorse for the two liveB his ' pension had so1 greatly injured. Jang , could .remember- the; time when i "Vyijlie, had/no, t endured her father's : hand | upon jtheir, lives sp easily as of late years. |At ,hyst hid had stormed and raved, and !' 'pleade'd, and even wept. Poor Willie! she remembered how , after a long struggle , with her to make her break her -duty to ; her father and become his wife, he had at : last flung himself on the ground as though i exhausted, and had laid his, face in her \- lap.| ' Then 't' when, she caressed . his dark J head lie 'had begun to sob with great heavingB of his young shoulders. Poor Willie' 1 '.it 'would have. been better for him tf he h'd been less faithful to' Her! He might have, Had a' wife .and children of his ; own iri 'tHbse y'ears when they had been growing into, an old. bachelor and an old : maid. Willie was' tenderly fond of chil dren.; ;It came to her now with a great I pang that he must always be without , children' of his own. It was all well that old1 Michael's stern \- rule had given his daugeters scant leisure ; for thought., She , began to wonder with! j heavy heart-beats of trouble whether her I blind obediericehad not been wrong, after- i all. If she had a right to bear the burden \ jor father had laid upon her, ought she to ; have imposed it npon her lover also?,- l Perhaps, perhaps, she thought with a new; : Patg, porhaps'even her father -would have, ' m his secret Iieart;. been glad if she had, disobeyed him. ' : . . ' !, She uncovered her eyes with :an effort.! \- Hor thoughts were getting too heavy, for- ; uer to bear. And -it. was nearly Willie's ; time. , Year; in, I, year out, summer and! ; winter, he. had como. at the same hour, I srerJ .ovening. Every evening, they ! played their game' of cribbage. and- then! : Willie had sat with them to their supper,; i and left as the, clock. struck ten. 1 She had always gone into the porch .with him to ; say good-night, and had grown used to his' J sober, 'husband-like kiss; They had out-' > t'ved — at' least he had — the ardours of : youth. She usually made a little toilet for him; of ovbnings,' adding to hor dress a, gay bit f ribbon or a flOwer. This evening, piety would not be becoming.; she must, hunt up something . Bombre in. hue that would yet add to her dress the touch of uocoratioa she hated to be .without when Willie was bomiUg. As she turned over odds and ends in a drawer she suddenly became thoughtful, d' or quite five minutes she stood with her , hugor to, her , lip, yisibly agitated! Then- sho oponed a lower drawer of her wardrobe and took out a grey silk dress. .She shook out tho folds, and let it lie across her bed. f u the half-light it shimmered like silver, oho took up a fold and lingered if, with, admiration. If toe wore it, she thought, Willie would remember the days before he was so content with thrir engagement. ( ' Drey is half-mourning,' sho said aloud, and tlion no ono will see me but Mary and Willie. They won't think I mean any disrespect to father's memory.' Quaking a little at her temerity, she put on the dress. It showed prettily a nock still white and round and a pair of soft wrists. She had kept her young figure, and the old-fashioned dress gave it , a .becoming, sfcatoliness. As she looked at , herself in the glass again sho looked ten years younger than she did in tho black dross. A little colour came into her cheeks and a light of hope in her eyes. She was more like tho ' girl Willie had loved long ago. ' Surely he would remomber it. - She wont down- stairs quickly to get over any possible explanations with Mary be fore he. should arrive. The tea was set out on the table— a high tea with accompaniments of all kinds of cakes and preserves, for the Archibalds were model housekeepers. Mary sat by tho fire knitting grey woollen stookingB.: She was years older than Jane, and' hod an honest, weather-beaten face. She had never had a lover, and was incurious about the ways of lovers. . ; She looked up startled as- Jane's silk rustled into -the room. An exclamation' was on her lips, but Jane anticipated it. i 'Grey is, a mourning colour, you know, Molly,' she said, ' and black is ugly to mor I -lookod an old wonian as I eaw myself in- the gla8S,; and I- thought I might -put on tho grey just for once. It is years: 3ince I have, worniit.' it':-;' . . t Yes, yes,: child,'- said the other, 'answer ing hastily, the appeal in her sister's voice. ' Why shouldn't: you wear -it P it .- looks pretty,, too, and.- you are very pretty in it.' Vyhen you are as old as I am, you may talk of looking an old woman.' Jane stooped and kisBed'-her. gratefully. ' f it's none too old-fashioned, -Molly,- ie1 it P' i . . , .. '. bit. Those -gathers are' coming in. again. The : skirt is a little marrow at the back,, , but if you'll .'let me -fit you to-- morrow, I can set. that straight.' . ; A : moment later ; Willie's- "knock - waa heard. Jane had always been ' the one to' open the door for him, but now, 'in herriew! splendour, she was seized -with' a' Budderi; ehynees, She stooped and lifted a - kitten from the hearthrug and laid it in; her1 lap,1 ,Mary was -going; out to the kitchen 'to' make the tea. : .- .'Would you mind, opening : the door for Willie?' Bhe said, with an assumed air of; base. .11. ; -, ! .'To be sure; but - what's : come to you P Oh, I aeo. You're too -fine in-'-your -silk 'dross. ; . ; - ; ; , She noticed tho sudden- flush that.had1 ;come into her sister's-, cheeks ; but, - with 1 jinstinctive sympathy, forebore to make ; f urther. comment. i ' Tho ways'of lovers Are beyond'' me,' she i said to herself as she went to open the' ihall-door. r„..'-., - Willie Maturin came, in 'shaking him- Iself. Jt. : had , begun to ,;snow.j.- Ha was a big .dark. , man, . .with gentle : brown ey6B ;i .his Hair was streaked with groy, and .there wore a good many . crow's-feet about -his,' -eyes; lie looked kind and slow, and : ho spoke, iyith a spf.t drawl. . . . '.Tlfhere's Janie ?'.; he ; asked as he 'saw- Mary. . ' Janiq's not ill,?' ... i A momentary alarm had - somewhat quickopod his speech. ; ' Jariie's all. right, she's- in the parlour, 'i -said Mary, shutting the door;, behind; him.; !' But hadn't you better hang your -coat -in, the kitchen to dry ? . He followed her; into the, spotlessly neat ; kitchen, and hung up his. ooat -as Bhe directed him. ;"Theu with'! a . caress 'in, passing to the old collie on the hearth, 'ie, went' up to the parlour, ' ; ' When he opened the door, he' uttered an J exclamation. Jane Archibald had 'stood up nervously, and was waiting for ! Him, her hoad dropped .a little in tliia Minpligh't. The vision stirred some old oiiord: or memory in his heart. ' . : ' Why, Janie P' he said, puttiiig 'his arm round her. ' This is like long ago,' , ' ' 'Yes,', said Jane Archibald, . faintly. Her sister and' Her' lover were 'the ouly-tjy'o people who ever called her Janie now. " !l They stood , so, on , the, hearthrug for a few momeiitB. Now arid again Willie would draw her- closer to him and kiss her with a tender air of ownership. ' You are as. .pretty as - ever, Janie, as pretty as ever,' he said with satisfaction. : Jane trembled a little, - but did riot speak. fWhy, you are shivering!' :he- said anxiously. 'Are you sure, that this -is warm enough ?' He passed his hand acrosB the shoulders, and 'dowri the Bleeves of to® gown., 'It .is rtpo thin,' he , said, ' much too thin. -.You. werp, foolish to .put it on,, Janie,;'' it was mae for. summer weather. ' Y op must go up- siaix-s arid put ou yonr warm black dress at once.' . ' Oh, no ! let' me wear it this evening, Willie. It-is so. pretty,' said poor, -Jane. But Mary,- coining in at thatirioirient, agreed with Willie, that the dress was too thin for winter wear. , . u,. ' .'Besides/she said. 'ithasWrisb.Ipngin that cliest of drawers ; it mpst be damp. .Iiuu at once and take it off, t will keep the tea-cakes hot tiU yon ,oome down stairs.' ... .. , June went without a. word anil took off her pretty grey silk. She put oh instead the heavy block, bigh to the heck, and flannel-lined . for warmth. She was, an elderly woman 'once more, as slie looked in the glaBs. She folded,, her grey silk and put' it' back iri its silvery, paper with mus lin backs of lavender between the folds. '.Ah 1' .she said, as she laid it away,. ' it 'is too true. You were , made for. summer weather, and- for a young woinan.who is dead. ,1 shall riot wear you any more.' She came down-staira with the lightness ! gone from her footsteps, and her face -was : dull from, disappointment as she come intoi the parlour and took her place at the tea-i tfible. Her lover looked at her with eyes \ full of kind pleasure in her. The ardqur! which had been in them - when she wore! the grey, silk had quite disappeared.! Mary looked at her uncomfortably. You did look pretty in the grey,' she! said; ' and it made tho room, more cheerful' to. hqve you wear it; but it is too, cold fori too .winter. Willie is right., Perhaps, ;Anne.Magennis,. if she hasn't .inuoh work! on hand, might put a flannel lining iri it.'! , . I shan't wear it again,' said Jane ;dis-j . consolately. 'Don't bother about lining! it.',! ' 1 It'll do nicely for summer as it is,' said' ,Mary. | ' I'm sure you look as nice as -possible in! the black,' said Willie, with one of his' ' faithful and fond glances. - .,. ' | Jane Archibald did not meet his eyes.- She sipped her tea and crumbled a bit- of; tea-cake between her fingers. | After tea there was the usual game cribbage. "Jane played carelessly; without interest in the game. It was , easy to see! that something had gone - wrong 'with her. Willie watched her with1 affectionate solicitude, but forbore to'questiori Her till Mary was, out of the rooin. j ' You are not well, Janie P' he said then; with anxiety, J Quite well, tharik'you, Willie.' '' ' " I ' Yau're not yourself then! , I' hope you haven't taken cold' through that foolish! freak of putting on a thin siiinm'er' frock; You shouldn't have done it, Jariie,' ' - 'No, Willie.' ' ' ' / ' I'd have expected more sense from .you! Janie,' he said, following up his Voppor- tunity. ' It's all very fine for a Blip of a girl to do such things.' " - | Hot smarting tears, came into Janq Archibald's ' eye. Willie was not often gauche, but this time he had managed to cut her to the quick. She averted her head and said nothing. ' , ' You mustn't come to the door with me to-night,' he said; ' if s piercing cold. 1 will toll Mary to give you a, hot drink be fore you sleep. Come, give me a kiss.' Sho raised her lips obediently to him, and he kissed her as he had kissed -her every night for a score of years back, with calm affection and tenderness. Ho had1 forgotten the momentary thrill of joy and love which had darted through his veins as lie had kissed her that evoning. After he had gone she sat dispiritedly by the fire while Mary locked up and put things away for the night. When she had finished she came and sat down. ; You're tired out to-night, Janie,' she said.- You've boon through a lot. You must get a good rest to-night, and to morrow we' 11 sot about taking down the curtains and taking up the curtain in poor father's room. The house is all at sixes and sevens. We must begin to sot it right sometime, and we may as well begin at once.' 1 ! 'I wish -I could go away, Molly,' said Jane suddenly. 'Go away! Why, where would you go top You've never slept a -night out of this houBe since poor Kitty died.' i ' That is why1 1 want to go; I suppose. It's ungrateful of me, but I'm dead sick of the same nlace all these- voars. ' It is hard that we should have grown old; you arid I; : andriever have had a chance to' go out Into the world, and taste what freedom is like.: Other girls go nway on visits to friends, or to the soaside, or to towns,' where they see' all sorts of gaieties. Why - weren't we like them P ; ' Father would never have permitted it; He hated ' gad-abouts. But what's the blatter," Janie P - You- have alwttys. seemed bo contented. I believe that: grey silk -has 1 put all- sorts of fly-away thoughts into your 1 head.! Jo' \m! . ' I was' foolish to ;put it on.- ; - 1 1 : ' You have had a dull kind .of life, now I come to' think of it/ said Mary;' 'but so had I when I ' was - young; - And then I' always; thought you were satisfied because you had- Willie.' ! - '-Oh',- Willie, I always had 'Willie,' re peated' Jane- after; her, with an' impatient laugh vfh'ich made the elder' woman-stare. ; ' I don't know why you - laugh; Janie,' -she said in; a' hurt' voice; .' I'm-sure Willie haB never seemed to want anyone' but you all- 'these years; What- more cbuld you want?.' : ' "Nothing, - Molly, nothing. To-night I don't know what lias come over me. I am' -tired' of everything— even' of Willie, and- -tired - to death thinking of all the years that will bo just like too years :ono over.' ; .'.You and Willie. don't think of marrying :now that poor father is gone.' ; ' We are too old;' - - ; , ! ' 'You are not too old. But,' with an air iof relief,- men get terribly -set in- their ways.,. - Willie , seems- quite comfortable with old t Katty .-Neville to do for him. ; I !don't know but that it's .wisest for -thingB !to. stay so.' , I don't know but it is.' : i ' And what should. I- do, if.you:were to -marry; Janie ? I . couldn't sit- down by a !strange hearth— even if it wouldn't. break- imy heart - to .leave, the old. place. And it would'.! .b'e -terribly' lonely- for. nip here 'aloie;' " -r ' t . I. -. ! !"'.'It,woul& bo,', assented, Jane., .. . ' ' 'WiUie's more likea brother than any- thing else al these yeats. ' He'll come rind igo just'the" same, arid .'look, after toe. farm -for . us! 'i'ii riot saying but that if it; -were |fp'r'ybur happiness; Janie,' I coriid make Up my mind to live "ori 'here alone. ' You and iWillielseein contented with' things as they 'are'P' ' ! ' She looked with a wistful inquiry' at her 'sister. " ' ' : --1.- 'Oh, yes,1.' we are coritonted,' Jane Archibald' answered' without meeting her . eyes;' . .. Thp next day she seemed to have quite forgotten (the etrango words of the evening beforA.;. Mary put it. down to -her having been over-tired and over- wrought, y and said no more about.it, arid Jane went about her .household 'duties' as ' usual, and play ed cribbage with Willie in the evenings. 1 If some spark of hope which had eridmred'all those years had gbne out, arid left her duller! rind more ! lethargic, no one was sh'arp enough to detect.it. (To be concluded next week.) 