THE HERALD. ADELAIDE AUGUST 11, 1900. The public mind and conscience is being surely educated with respect to the evils of sweating with all its attendant THE SWEATING EVIL. horrors. Hundreds of people who have given no thought in the past as to the con ditions under which the garments they wear have been made are shocked to find that they have been unconscious agents in the extension of sweating. Many who can afford to pay a fair price for articles of wear have openly expressed their determination to use precaution in making future purchases. It cannot be too emphatically stated, however, that the evil is far from being confined to the clothing trade. No doubt the worst cases are to be found amongst the sempstresses, many of whom are women with families who, through death, have lost their bread winners. The wages paid by many employers, with an excellent business reputation, to men with families is totally inadequate to provide the common necessaries of life in suffi ciency. It is for that reason provision is made in the Factories Bill for the establishment of wages boards in con nection with all trades where less than a living wage is paid by em ployers. As the Rev. J. Cowperth waite said in his eloquent address -at the Pirie Street Church on Sunday last—"Bad as things were now the tendency was for them to become worse. Such a prospect was horrible in the extreme." Employers have made public protestations that they are opposed to sweating, but no sooner are steps" taken to provide legislation for its suppression than they and their political puppets are up in arms and strenuously resisting every effort at amelioration. We venture to predict that every effective clause in the Bill will be bitterly opposed when the measure is in committee. However, public interest has been thoroughly aroused on the question, and the doom of the sweater, it is to be hoped, will be speedily sealed. "How sad!" This is the passing thought of the newspaper reader when he learns from his scattered morning sheet that into eternity, some unfortunate man has been literally scattered into eternity through the bursting of a boiler. " An unfortunate accident" is the general comment. Is it ? Unfortunate certainly, but in nine cases out of ten the occurrence cannot rightly be termed an accident. It should be described in plain un mistakable English—a crime. Mr. Carpenter is doing good work in pressing upon the attention of Parlia ment the necessity of more stringent supervision over the use of steam boilers. A man that takes " what isn't 'is'n, when he^s,^i^ht.^ pris'n "; a parentwho refiises to have his child vaccinated Turns'-. the same risk ; but the careless proprietor of an ancient boiler is regarded as the victim of ill-luck if the said boiler gives up the ghost in a demonstratively sudden manner,, and even though, the frag ments of human flesh, have to be gathered up in baskets. Undoubtedly the law should have its strong grip upon the man who for the sake of a few hundred pence will cause un necessary risk to workmen. He ^should be taught the true value of human life. A little compulsory Christianity would do him a world of good. The Inspector of Factories has some thing to say on this question. Com plaints were made to picked up him, he declares, but cheap. he was powerless to act. He says—"These boilers, where they are in use in places not subject to official inspection, are frequently worked long after they have become positively dangerous by reason of old age. In most instances they are old boilers that have been dis carded by larger factories, and picked up cheap on account of being practi cally worn out." Just so. This mania for picking up "things cheap" meets one at every turn. What will such people do when they get to heaven 1— that is, if they ever get there. But it is because so many of this class of people are not in heaven yet that legislation is necessary to protect other individuals, who are in no hurry to go there before they are due, from becoming victims to this bargain hunting eighteen-pence-saving idolatry. There are manufacturers and boiler owners who have the fear of .God and the love of man in their hearts, and who would let no monetary considera tion stand in the way of providing safe machinery. Were all like these legislation would be unnecessary. It is the evildoers who compel the legis lative arm to extend itself and insist on fair play between man and man. If there is one thing more than another that needs impressing upon the popular imagination, it is the superiority of human life over a few sheets of iron or any other material whatever its shape. In so far as the Bill we are alluding to will enforce this lesson, it will serve a very useful purpose. One of those delightful, scratch-your poll, pretty-cockey sort of gatherings, which are part of "cock-a-doodle- the stock-in-trade of doo !" the Australasian Na tional League, came off at Aldgate on Friday evening last. Mr. Stirling, the leader of the Op position, was the hero of the hour, for the banquet was given in his honor, and also to celebrate " the great victory which their party had achieved over another party." Cock-a-doodle doo was indulged in without let or hindrance. We do not begrudge the Conservatives any satisfaction they can get out of their "victory." It will not be long before they will have to don sackcloth and squat in ashes in mourning over an irrecoverably lost cause. The position of the Conserva tive Party is one of unstable equili brium. Even Mr. Stirling admitted that their success was due to their having been able to frustrate the rule of the majority. Is that anything to be proud of ? The leader of the Opposition glorifies in the claim that he is an upholder of the constitution of the colony. If there is a principle which more than anything else is the embodiment of the constitution it is that the will of the majority shall be paramount. Any colonist, be he of high or low degree, judged by con ventional standards, who ignores this principle, or endeavors lio^ defeat it, is guilty of treason to the constitution and infidelity to his country. History gives us many instances of ambitious men having lost their heads for rebelling against the ruling power. Thanks to the low assessment of rebels' heads nowadays, Mr. Stirling and his merry men need have no fear of being called upon to make vicarious sacrifice of their brain departments. There is some uncertainty in the ranks of the political antiquarians as to whether they ought a label to label themselves puzzle. Conservatives or Liberals. Mr. Stirling says he is proud of the title of Con servative, but the "Register" is ap parently ashamed of it, and seeks to usurp the appelation Liberal as the exclusive property of the aforesaid antiquarians. The essence of Liberal ism is "Trust in the people." A Round head said to a Cavalier in the days of Cromwell—with a remarkable pre vision—"Believe me the future lies with those who trust the people." That was true in those days, and it is even more true to-day. Does the "Register" trust the people ? Does Mr. Stirling trust the people ? Not a bit of it. The people are useful in the production of wealth and to provide the taxes, but when it comes to enfranchising them with the power to influence legislation that is carrying things too far. The Conservatives have always been suspicious of the people. The special privileges which many of that august party enjoy would disappear if the people were to eat of the tree of knowledge ; and a constant fear that they will do so, gnaws at the vitals of the seemingly well-to-do. The attempt to capture the designation of the "Trust the People" party is a confession of weakness. But they can call themselves what they like. A thorn by any other name would prick as much. The political Paleozoics have characteristics which are unmistakable. But while the Aldgate mixture may be regarded as a sedative to the Leagueites, it should be a tonic. taken as a tonic by those outside that gilded circle. New life must be infused into the Liberals, and they must put forth redoubled efforts to secure triumph for the people's cause. The month is now upon us to make our electoral rolls as complete as possible. The time is ripe to prepare for a long pull and a strong pull at the Federal elections. The hour is at hand to examine our armor and strengthen its weak places. The cementing process should already be well in operation. There is not one man or woman whose heart is afire with love of freedom who cannot wield an immence influence. Some do nothing because they think they are useless. Such self-depreciating persons should consider the potency of a drop of water. What is a drop of water to the ocean ? Yet each drop of water has its purpose. " Creeping into the bosom of the drooping flower, or sink ing down to its roots, it revives it. It may paint a rainbow on the clouds. It may assist to quench the thirst of the dying soldier. It may help to float great ships or add its little tiny plash to the chorus of ocean's majestic music." Each drop uncounted in a storm of rain Hath its own mission. How much more hath each human soul its own mission ! Mount Morgan last year spent on materials, &c.;, £180,000. It also paid wages to the workers amounting to £18<\000, and divi dends to the amount of £350,000 to the exploiters. " Guid faith it's a true sayin' the fat sow gets a* the draff." 