BEHIND A VEiL BY MRS C. N. WILLIAMSON. Author of "His Grace," "The Secret of the Pearls',"'The House.by the Loch," "Queen Sweetheart,"," A an from the Dark," "Fortune's Sport,' "The News paper Girl," Etc.. CHAPTER XI-(Continued.) "I've -beent ten days and 'ights'on 'the ay--and it's a miracle I wasn't cauglht for an escaped: mad woman-but if they Ssearched:for: me they must have got oni the wrong track fromn the first.: Anytido, not. 'dreaming what I'd seen, and umiatdi I'd gtessed, I daresay the Count would think it ' as now too late for my story to make an-impression-or do him harm. . "It seemed as if he was right in think ing that, too; for I've had :bad luck to= day--till-I found you. I went to a doc tor, here in Vienna, who'd been kind. to me when I was ill for a few days last 'winter, and told him everaything, asking his advice.what to do. But, would you believe it, he-thought I was off my head, and advised me not to do anything at all. saying- even if my tale was true, I -couldn't prove it. People would only laugh at me, and perhaps Count Bonl Kor nis or the 'Falconbergs' could" hliave me :clapped into prison for a blackmailer. "It was from the doctor that I heard about my sweet lady; how they'd sent her right away, and he had heard she hadd died of- a broken heart. Every, -one in Vienna knew so much, said he ; but he hinted at a mystery, which people whispered about though no one spoke a word out loud. What it was, he wouldn't tell me. But I thought : 'Mr Tristram's sure to know,' and I determined I'd come Sonce again to ask you. ' Evening was the best time to find you disengaged, I was :sure--Just before dinner; so I didn't call at once. Instead, I went to the English chaplain, and had a talk with him, hop ing he'd be more encouraging, and might give me some advice. But he thought I was on a wildgoose chase, and evidently didn't want to be mixed up in such a .queer affair. Then at last, when I was- feeling pretty desperate, it was time to come and try for you.You canimagine what a shock it was to hean you'd gone from the Em bassy for good-and how I was sure Pro vidence a'as on my side when I saw you or your ghost. It's much like it was that first night, sir; I want you to help nie. Do say ysou can and will." "We'll help each other, Jenny," -Tris tram said, rather grimly, "for we've the same end in view. I,. too, would think Providence had brought us togetheir WVe both loved Lady Mary; Jenny, and 'I know from your own lips that you would have been ready to give your life for hers-just as I would a hundred times over. It's too late for that." "Too late!" Jenny repeated the words in a whisper shrill with horror. "Oh, -sir,. you don't mean that word, really. ? You can only say it figurativel'--because they sent her away to break her heart." "They have killed her," Tristram harsh If? answered. *And then he told her the story of the past few- months, sparing hiniself not'at all. "'One thing, and one thing onhly, has beenf worth living for since," he said at last. "To avenge her. My one hope of justice is now with the Empress. If I can tell her. the whole truth, 'I believe that her influence-will be used with the Archbishop, or even with the Pope, if that be necessary, to have strict inquiries made as to the exact nmanner of Lady Mary Desmond's death. There is another in the secret, and once she is -questioned, her conscience will force her to confess. "The Emperor and Empress are at their villa in Ischl; they went only to-day, and _I am following to-night. What I might not have been able to accomplish by my self, against such powerful enemies as I have, I can accomplish with your help." "Mine, sir?" faltered. Jenny. "Why, I am nobody, while you are a gentleman swith 'Honorable' before your name, and lots of influence and friends." "What I want is a witness," said Tris tram, "and that 'I have in you. Your story, together.with mine, will prove the terrible pressure that was brought -to bear on that unhappy child to marry lier to Count 'on Kornis; it will prove her determined refusal. .You are the only' person not in the pay of Kornis who saw the attack on me, outside the gates of Falconberg last whinter. Even I did not know as much asyoti know of that: And the strange history of your adventures since, though you-mlight not lhave been able, quite.alone,to substantiate-it against Count von Kornis's indignant denial,.will be believed, when I have added my quota. With such a preface to the story of what Lady Mary has sfiffered we shall have the generous-hearted, impulsive Empress on our side. And with her on our side,, the cause is won. Will you go to Ischl to night?" . "Will I go, sir? -I'd go if I had to walk." "You have 'done enough tramping the country, my girl. ' Even yet we can catch the train I'd meant to take; we'll be in lechl by early morning and I may hope, thlrough friends, to see the Empress. Here's a cab-in with you, Jenny." The maid obeyed, her face flushing, her eyes shining. "Oh, sir, if it was only as it was whlen we drove together to help her before!" she exclaimed with a sob. "If she was alive; if she was but alive." CHAPTER XII. - LADY MARY LEAVES THE CONVENT. Many.terrible pictures of the fate which had befallen Mary Desmond hbad Tris tram's tortured imagination called out of darkness. ) 'When the candle in her cell had gone out, and she had freed herself from his arms to find her veil that hung by the door, shle had vanished from his life be hind an impenetrable cloud of mystery. The girl had sprung from the bed on i.which she had been standing to reach the.window. She had groped in the dark towards the door, and then-what then? The cell was small, and no one object was at any considerable distance from another; yet Mary, feeling her way and reaching out her hand for the hook at the left of the door where her veil always hung at night, seemed to have gone much furthlerthan usual without touching the Swall. Shie began to experience the vague alarrs of one who has awakened sud denly, rising while still dazed with sleep, and has lost all sense of direction. It was Sister Anna Theresa who had been bidden softly to close the door, which, under cover of darkness, htad been noiselessly opened. Itawas Sister Anna Theresa who had -~been charged with the duty of whisper ing, if she heard sounds in thit cell, the words : "Go, I beg of you to go." Her English was far from perfect, and her voice in speaking did not resemble Sister Mlarie Magdalene's. But with a barrier of oak between her lips :itnd the ears 'hichl 'aould listen, and in a moment of su prenle excitement Tristram had mistaken the voice for that of Lady Mary Des mnond. This much aeco.rplished, eer task in 477 mte corridor.was done. -When she had !inished what., she had to do out side Sister -Marie Magdalene's door she was, to return without delay to the Sil perior's room. There" she would recelve further commands. Sister Anna Theresa knocked, opened the door, and stepped timidly across the threshold. The cell, larger but no more luxurious than that of any other nun, was dimly lighted.by- a single long candle, which flickered and smoked in the draught from the moving door. On the narrow cot lay Sister Marie Magdalene, while the Mother Supericr herself tended her with genitle andj.iityrig kindness. . .Howl completely the harsh and unjust jlulgment .of the Ambassador at Vienna -to.tod rfuted.: Vil. slander was silqnced gyr?iaciousness aid kindness. A. few days later,' in response to an urgent summons from . the AMother Superior. Prince' and .Princess Fal ;conberg,, who' were accompanied by ,the-- Count: Von -Kornis,- and:- * aq elderly, grim- featured. woman, ap parently a,; near. relative,- arrived at;. the Conkent; -and. to their charge was committed Lady : Mary Desmond, now ireleased from her novitiate vows. At- he command of the Princess Fal conLerig--lher mother--Lady Mary entered a.closer carriage, arid wa.s driven ..she kneiw not whithter. 