BITTER BLOOD ; OR, LOVE AJSTD aA.TXS. By JOHN W. MA.YALL Author of "Doctor Juvenal's Pailent," "A Girl of Resource," "Grasping the Shadow," etc., etc. CHAPTER XXII. (Continued). During the first few days of the voyage he made several attempts to establish matters on a friendly footing with Barker and his satellite, but the two men met all Ills ofpAPfc af AATtnlUo !<>» nftth hnn ! ilA surliness, and he was finally compelled to relinquish his well-meant intentions. It soon became manifest to him that this en forced voyage on the weary waste of waters was to be full of difficulties. Bar ker, even in his sober moments, was about as tractable as a mule, and during his periods of intoxication he resembled a madman. The rum bottle was his fa vorite companion, as it was the mate's, and they retired to the cabin at night, there to sit up carousing, often until dawn appeared. Many a time Di.ck could hear them singing snatches of songs, cursing and quarrelling, after the manner of men who are influenced by liquor. It was dangerous to come in contact with either of them at these times, and the rest of the crew gave the cabin a wide berth. Bar ker was secretly hated by his men, who, however, stood too much in awe of him to dispute his authority. He ruled them in a rough and ready fashion, cowing them to submission with his bull-dog ferocity and ox-like strength. Yet it was mainly by threats that he held them in subjection. He was an adept in the art of blasphemy, and his voice was equivalent to the roar of a bull. The occasions when he resorted to open violence were few and far between— that Is, in respect to the tars. There was a boy, however, who came in for a full share of kicks and. cuffs, and whom the captain, in fact, frequently utilised as a football. This lad, Joe, was a smart little chap of taking appearance, who did his work well, and who certainly deserved commendation oftener than punishment. Dick. soon be came convinced that Barker either hated the boy, or else that he was a tyrant, pure and simple; for It is certain that he chas tised him when he did not deserve it. The lad had attached himself to Dick almost Immediately, and ran to his bidding with the greatest readiness. It was to the young man that he poured forth his troubles. He admitted that he was un able to account for the captain's anger, for the treatment he now received at his hands was quite the reverse of that he had experienced in the past. If anything, he had been a favorite of Barker's. An other point that soon struck Dick was that the skipper invariably made a practice of Ill-treating the lad In his presence. It almost seemed as though he wished to provoke his passenger to interfere, for he would cast jeering and defiant glances in the young fellow's direction as he cuffed and buffeted the hapless urchin. Dick's blood ran hot on these occasions, and it was only bv the exercise of the strongest restraint that ' he kept his hands off the ruffian's unwieldy carcase. He saw that it was Barker's aim to pick a quarrel with him,, and he carefully avoided the traps that were set. He had no wish to come to blows with this rum- drlnking tar. Not that he feared the re sult. As a matter of fact, he rather prided himself upon his skill with his fists. As a thorough paced man of fashion he had, of course, taken an interest in the "fancy," and he had received lessons In the "noble art" from some of the fore most bruisers of the day; moreover he was longing to give Barker a forcible illustra tion of his knowledge. Prudence, how ever taught him to restrain his bellicose spirit as long as possible, in the hope that the tyrant would cease his inhuman con duct. But that hope was never verified. The day was at hand when he was to learn Barker's motive in thus seeking to quarrel with him. The quarrel came about one evening, a week or so after they had left port. Dick was walking the deck as usual with ms cigar, ininaing or tne gin ne naa left behind him," when he felt a tug al his sleeve, and looking down be encoun tered Joe's round face.. As a rule Joe was the embodiment of good spirits, and his chubby face (it was a wonder it was so chubby, by the bye, considering the poor fare he received) was generally brimful of boyish fun. On the present occasion, however, it was as white and terror stricken as though he had seen a ghost, or aa though Barker was at his heels with the rope end in his hand. "Why, what's to do now?" Dick asked, taking the boy's trembling hand, and fully expecting a request that he would protect him from his enemy. "O, sir, I've something hawful to tell you," Joe gasped. "I've been a-listenin' to the captain an Sam. I've heerd all they've said. I must tell you." "Take your breath," Dick answered. "They're not after you, are they?" "No, sir, they're a-drinkin rum in the cabin. I wos a-cleanin' It when they came down, an' I- heerd the captin' shoutin' for me. I knew I wos in for a lickin' an so I got under the bench an' lay still. I darn't move for the life of me. JE an' . Sam come In. 'Never mind the young varmiiit,' Sam ses, 'iet's 'ave a go at the rum, my throat's like a lime kiln.' " Here the lad paused a moment to take his breath. - "So the captin' 'e gets out the rum, an they start drinkin'. The captin' 'e wasn't so noisy as usual, an' Sam 'e noticed this. "Wot's to do, Bill?' 'e ses at length. 'You ain't got the Siue devils, 'ave yer?' 'Blue devils, be ,' the captin' ses. 'I've summut on my mind, Sam, that's wot's the matter. I've a job on 'and this voy age as means two 'undred pound if it's properly carried through.' At that Sam 'e stared 'ard. 'Two 'undred pound," 'e ses, thoughtful like, "Bill, you're a gettin' of me.' 'As sure as my name's William Barker, it's a fact,' the captin ses, solemnly. 'But wot's it for?' Sam asks; 'Wot's it for?' the captin' ses. 'Why, just for Unockln' a man on the 'ead.' " Here Joe's breath gave out again, and he was compelled to halt in his tale. "'Wot man?' Sam asks next. 'Why, I'll tell you,' the captin' 'e ses. 'I've meant to tell you all along, Sam, for I want you to 'elp me. I reckon you're willin'.' 'Why, certainly,' Sam ses, 'but I must 'ave a finger in the money bag, Bill.' "Fair an' square's my motter.' 'O don't you fear,' the captin' ses. 'You shall come out alright. If a fifty pun' note u'll satisfy you, you shall 'ave it.' 'Fifty pun',' Sam cries, 'why, I'd knock a dozen men over the 'ead for that. Give us your 'and. pardner.' Then they shook 'ands, an' be it their 'eads together over the tabl'e. The Captin' said 'e was to receive two 'undred pounds if 'e got rid of you." "Of me?" Dick murmured. "Yes, sir." "And who was going to pay him such a sum, pray? Did he say?" "Yes, sir. 'E said it wos your— your brother, sir." "My " Dick gave a start, and then laughed, "O lad, you must have been dreaming." "Indeed, sir, I wasn't 'E told Sam all about it, an' 'e said 'e wanted to work it accidental like, an' that that was why 'e wos beatin' me. 'E wants you to inter fere, an' then 'e ses 'e'U stick 'is knife in you, an' Sam 'e's to be a witness that 'e did it in self-defence." Dick stood there, biting his lips hard. He hardly knew whether to believe this extra ordinary story or not. At first he was inclined to discredit it. That Jasper could be the Instigator of such a foul <-heme as this passed all belief. He questioned the boy again and again, but he failed to shake his tale. Joe was convinced that he had heard aright, and he went on to Say how Barker meant to beat him to a degree he had never done before, in the hope that Dick would at last give him the opportu nity he desired. "You won't let 'im 'urt me, sir?" the boy pleaded fearfully. "No," the young man returned. "The next time he lays a finger on you I shall have something to say, Joe, so make your mind easy." Then, dismissing the lad, he continued his solitary patrol, cogitating deeply over the tale he had been told. It was a dark night, and a rising wind played a dismal tune amongst the cord age and topped the wave with a fringe of foam. The "Rose" walloysdjeliynrily in the trough of the ct|\nmd again a wave brokp'lier7-mai4|t timbers creak andf g£qan fearfully. buttoned his coat jjrf tenhis with his cap pulted \ve» HJffNTirs 47V bfe< brows and his hanarljUn his po.ckjte, continued his walk.V. His brain was in a which n '-T jig.ibJgfory stuck in his mind with unpleasant tenacity and filled him with grave concern. To believe in it meant that his brother had been playing a false and most abominable part, which might well make any man re coil from him in disgust and loathing. Na turally, he was reluctant to think that Jas per was untrue; moveover, he found it difficult to do so. This was not to he wondered at. Jasper had shown such an interest in his affairs, he had befriended him so earnestly. Was it possible that he had been wearing a mask? He remem bered now how Milly had distrusted him. Was it possible that she had good reason for this distrust. Again, the boy Joe could have nothing to gain by inventing the story he had re lated. There must be something, yet what he hardly knew. Nevertheless, the first little grain of doubt had been planted in his breast, and in spite of his efforts to choke it, it grew with steady rapidity— as such seed will grow. CHAPTER XXIII.— A LESSON FOR THE CAPTAIN. Sleep at the best of times was a matter of difficulty on board the "Rose," but on ni rrVit was nitf- rtf tll<» niipesMnn fnr "Dick. The story he had heard had laid hold of him like a fever, and it was im possible for him to put It from his mind. His heart was divided with doubt and In decision, one minute he believed in Jas per's duplicity; the next he refused to do so. Such thoughts as these naturally bewildered his brain, and with the break of dawn he was glad to leave his stuffy bunk and seek the deck. The morning was overcast and gloomy, heavy clouds drifted slowly across the sky and a fresh breeze gave a touch of roughness to the water. The air, too, was raw and chilly, so much so that he was soon glad to seek the cabin and get a bowl of hot coffee. Both Barker and his satellite Sam were there. Their respec tive faces testified to their overnight potations, but in spite of furry tongues and bad headaches, they made hearty breakfasts. Dick's entry drew ill-humor ed glances from them and they returned his good morning with surly grunts. The young fellow plainly perceived that matters were coming to a crisis, and this theory was strengthened throughout the day. Barker's attitude grew more and more offensive, and the time soon came when Dick reconciled himself to a row. It was to come sooner than he expected. One day the skipper partook more freely than ever of his favorite drink and gra dually worked himself into a state of ferocity which exceeded all his previous fits. He strode the deck, raving and shouting at his men at the top of his voice. Nothing was done to his satisfac tion and the crew cringed before him like slaves before a taskmaster. Towards night lis went below to resume his drinking bout, the mate accompany ing him. Dick heard them bawling and quarrelling in their usual fashion as ha took his customary stroll. Half an hour or so miglit have elapsed when he heard the captain calling for the boy. The lad was in the forecastle with the men, and as he heard the dread, summons his cheek paled and his eyes grew frightened. Afl he stood irresolute the captain bellowed forth his summons again, this time with the addition of one of his select oaths. The boy made a faltering step forward. Some of the men urged him to obey, giv ing it as their opinion that the skipper was in one of his worst fits of fury. Re luctant though Joe was, however, tq answer the call, he stood too much iff awe of his superior to disobey, and so, with unwilling steps he dragged hla trembling limbs along the deck and down the ladder, casting an appealing glance at Dick as he went by. The captain was waiting for him at the foot of the ladder, and he Immediately caught him by the ear. "Why don't you come when you're call ed, eh, you young devil?" he said, as the boy writhed and struggled in his grasp, "eh, why don't you? I'll teach you to disobey my orders, you young scamp. Come in with you, an' shut that row or I'll cut your flesh into ribbons." The lad's cries had reached Dick's ears and had drawn him to the top of the ladder. He stood there in a listening at titude, his hands tightly clenched, his lips parted, and his breath coming quick. He was like a warhorse with the scent of battle in its nostrils, and he thirsted for the fray as dearly as a savage thirsts for the blood of a foe. Barker had dragged his victim into the cabin. "So you wouldn't come when you were called, eh?" he said, toanterlngly, "Well we'll Just see If we can't teach you bettei manners. Sam, jest 'and over that bit o' rope end." At this the boy uttered a cry for mer cy, and Dick moved a step or two down the ladder, so that he could command a view of the interior. Barker, still gripping his victim by th« ear, flung him on the table. Grasping the knotted piece of rope he swung it over his shoulder, bringing it down with such force that ft cut the lad's jacket through. A piercing yell of pain left Joe's lips, and he struggled and twisted in his attempt to escape. The skipper's great hand, however, was like a vice, and held him fast Again the thick rope was raised; again it was brought down with full force, and well directed aim; again and yet again, while the mate Sam nod ded his approval of each stroke, and smiled drunkenly at the lad's writbings. \ The brutality of this scene, the boy's heartrending yells, and Barker's reddened fia.ee with its one gleaming eye, ' set Dick's blood coursing furiously. At the first stroke he made a step for ward; at the second he was half-way down the ladder, and at the third he was In the cabin. "Stop that!" he cried in a tone that rang forth clear and distinct. The skipper with the rope raised for the next blow, paused, and turned his one malignant eye upon the intruder, while the mate lay back on the bench in open- mouthed astonishment. This was the first time in all his experience that he had known anyone dispute his superior's au thority — and he trembled for Dick, As for Barker, although he had been do ing his best to drive his passenger to interfere, he was so unaccustomed to having his doings brooked in any way, that the temerity of this young fellow took his breath away. "Well, that is a good un," he said. "Wot do you think, Sam?" The mate merely shook his head, as much as to say that such a piece of au dacity was quite beyond words. "So I must stop, eh?" Barked went on slowly. "Well, we'll see about that. Bill Barker ain't the man to be told that '« must stop or yet that 'e must begin. An wot's more 'e don't stand any interfere QuCe I ruin eLHy mwuuu pcwscugci, ou clear out o' this before I clap the Irons on you for mutiny." With these words he once more turned his attention to his victim, who was still tight held In his clutches, and raised the rope. The lad appealed to Dick to. save him and the young fellow stepped for ward. Giving his feelings full rein, h( grasped Barker by the collar and wrenchi. ed the weapon from his grasp, at the same time throwing him back heavily. Possibly the captain had underated this Bllm. passenger's strength; possible Dick himself was unaware how powerful he had grown beneath the stimulus o fiery indignation. Barker fairly went with a crash against' the boards, and but «, 'for jkhclr friendly support he . would pro- r fcably have f&Ueri.; ' suoii as be recovered himrelf he turn- 1 6d upon his adversary. Tha chance he % had wanted had come now, and ha was net the one to let it pass unutilised. His solitary eye shone evilly, his big teeth, dark from tobacco juice, showed batwem bis coaree lips like a bulldog's, while the veins on his brow swelled to the size of y cords. t 'By heaven you shall suffer for this!" ie cried, hoarse with passion. "You're a I witness that 'e struck me first, Sam." "Ay, ay," the mate said. "I'm a wit- aess Bill. Let 'im 'ave it." Sam, however, was not the only wit ness, for the noise had reached the crew, and they crowded the doorway, craning : their necks, these in the rear standing on their toes and peering over their com panions' shoulders. Such an affair as this, was not to be mifesed for a month's Pay. Dick saw now that this quarrel had been deliberately thrust upon him, and that there was no chance but to go through with it Barker meant mischief; there was no doubt of that. His right hand had gone to his breast, and when he drew it forth the blade of an ugly looking knife flashed in the light of the oil lamp. The man's appearance at this moment was enough to strike terror to the stout est heart. His matted hair hung over his brow like a wild beast's, his face turned from dull red to purple, indistinct gurg lings issued from his throat, and finally, with a frightful imprecation on his lips he rushed upon the young fellow, the knife uplifted for the murderous blow. It would have been no matter for sur prise had Dick's nerve deserted him at this moment, but it so happened that he had been in a tight place on several occa sions, and liis experience stood him in good stead. His first act was to cast a quick glance round for a weapon. The anly one that presented itself was a stool, Mid gripping this by one leg lie dexter- ously parried the Captain's bull-like charge, and, as lie came to a checa against the barricade, lie reached forward and dealt him such a blow in the face that, heavy though lie was, he threw up his arms and staggered back, while his knife fell to the ficor. This reverse raised a murmur of appro val from tl:e men, who were filled with delight at the prospect of seeing the skipper vanquished. On Barker himself it acted like oil on an already fierce fire. His cheek's became distended wltli the most awful wrath, his one eye almost started from his head, and losing all pru dence, he rushed upon his enemy, his bul let head lowered, his great hairy hands clawing the air, and foaming at his mouth like a mad dog. Dick stood with the stool ready poised. The bellicose spirit, which dwells more or less in all athletic young Englishman was thoroughly roused now. He forgot every- . thing save the one fact that he hated this bully and that he was filled with a strong desire to knock his brains out. As Bar ker came on ha brought the stool down, felling him as a butcher fells an ox, and the dull thud of the blow was as sweet to his ear as any music he had ever heard. The skipper went down head first, his unwieldy body roiled slowly over on one Bide, his huge limbs moved convulsively, and then he lay still. A thrill of horror ran through the on lookers, and Sam, now thoroughly sober ed, sprang up. ' "My God! He's dead!" he cried, as he knelt by his superior's side, and he did his best to staunch the flow of blood that ran from a deep cut on the temple. But, ugly though the knock was, it had not put an end to the captain's career, and when his shirt was unfastened, and he had been well dosed with brandy he opened his one eye and stared stupidly upon the assembled crew. "Come, you ain't done for yet, Bill," the .mate said, in an encouraging tone; "you're only a bit faint. You'll soor be yourself again. Take my arm an' I'll anl you to your feet in a jiffey." Groaning and gasping, the Captain gripped his Good Samaritan by the shoul der, and, after several ineffectual at tempts, he got on his legs. As he caught sight of the curious faces of the onlookers he scowled evilly. "Wot d'ye want 'ere?" he said. "Clear out before I smash yer ugly faces," and he grasped a rum bottle threateningly. xne man, nowever, caugni ms arm. "You 'ave a drink an' don't excite your self," he said, soothingly, "else it'll end in a fever,' 'and be poured out some more rum. Barker tossed it off at a draught and then sank on, to the bench. He was weak from loss of blood, and' the spirit soon ren dered him incapable. Dick, having satisfied himself that the affair had not ended fatally, left the cabin with the rest. The events of the evening had served to dispel all further disbelief in Joe's story. He could not close his eyes to the captain's clumsy cun ning. Barker had sought this affair that he might have a pretext for running his knife in him. He had received orders to set rid of him. orders from Jasner. It was no longer possible to put this terrible fact aside. His own brother had laid a dastardly plot for his destruction. And the motive, what was it? Could it be one of revenge? Was'it possible that Jasper still nursed that enmity which had arisen at their father's bed-side? Was it possible that he considered himself wroggld, and that his friendly attitude ' had merely been a cloak"," beneath which Jie .-could the mo.re conveniently effect .his N" purpose?- This was the only conclusion '< \- Dick. could come to. It was probably a 2" Batumi conclusion, even if it was the "wrpnjgone, and it was, moreover, one that iJv depressed him deeply. He realised that it must have been through Jasper's agency that the manager of the Excelsior Loan Office had threatened him with the terrors of the law. Jasper had, indeed, been playing a part, and what is more, he had played it with consummate skill. He, Dick, had stepped into the trap that had been set for him without the sligh test suspicion, for he had placed every faith in his brother. It w.as this latter fact that made the present discovery so very bitter. His present surroundings also, did much, doubtless, towards lower ing his spirits. They were uncongenial in the extreme, and there was not one man on board with whom ho could share his confidence. One thing, however, was self evident. He must leave the vessel at the first op portunity and return to England. He foresaw that there was a good deal of risk connected with such a plan, but he was resolved to meet bis brother face to face and tax him with his perfidy. (To be continued.) 