A Snake Fight. My friend and I were walking th-ough t clearing when the unmisthkable rattle f a snake arrested oa, and in a few ninutet wesaw the oeginningof a fierce nenounter between two deadly enemler -a b.ack snake and a rattle. These nwo branches of the snake family are hereditary and implacable foes, though what was the crigin of the rend Darwin sayeth not. Between them there can be neither fellowship, smlty, compromle. noeren armed nert-ality. War to the deathistheirunalterable law from gene ration to generation. The black snake i murch smaller than the rattle bet he ia formidable fee, and, as acience is superior to mere size or strength, he generally comes out of the fray rieto rion. Be seems to "agent the battle (or rather the rattle) from afar," and gives himself no rest until he gains a point cf vantage from which he can make a sudden swoop upon his noisy foe. On this ccslon we did not see the black snake until he leaped on the rattle's throat, nor ecald we afterwards make out how he got so near without being oeen. That power of silent, stealthy. rapid movement gives the blackfellow an immense advantage over the rattling enemy. It is that. indeed, on which his hope of victory mainly depends. Let the blacky by a sudden leap grasp the throat of the unwary rattle, and the chane are be will never let go again "until death do them part;" but if that-first- chance be lost, and the two meet in fair fight, after fair warning, the fangs of the rattle are pretty sure to gain him the victory. In this instance no such minfortune was the biacky's. He made his spring and got his grip of the threat, and there he held on "like grim death.b With a fury that was sometimes awful, the rattle wriggled and shook, and rolled and writhed. He leaped into the air, twisted and tossed himself about, banged his assallant down on the ground, rolled on him and over him, but all in vain. Blacky simply stuck. Nothing could more him, nothing tempt him or compel him to relax his hold for a single moment. Tq hare done so would have been almost certain death to himself ; but, through all the rearing, leapinga, tossings, writh togs, and hianings of his victim, on he held, with a relentless tenacity that was equal only to his lore of his own life and his hate of his foe'r. Thua, for more than an hour and a half, the life and death game was kept up without a minute's intermission and without any sign of weakening on either side. Then we perceived that the rattle's strength seemed to be giving way, and all of a sudden he coiled himelf up and lay still, as if to die. Whether it was from sheer exhauntion or only a rose to decevlre his enemy, a faint or a feint, we were not sure. We thought it was the former, but blacky evidently thought otherwise. He understood his enemy better than we did, and did not mean to be tricked. Down he lay by the side of the prostrate victim, but with his teeth firmly set in the now torn and crumpled throat. Then, after a quiet interval, the one sided truce having come to an end, or the rase having failed, the rattle rose again and teeumed the unequal struggle with the energy of desperation-a supreme struggle for life. Again he reared and rolled and coiled, and darted up and down, forward and backward, carrying his enemy with him in all his contortions, trying by every conceivable twist to get his fangs Into the merciless foe; but all in vain. Then we began to see in the victim renewed signs of failing strength ; but, notwithetanding increasing weak. ness, he struggled for a time contin. ooely, then intermittently, until, more than two hours and a half after the fret attack, the poor rattle gave np the con test and lay down to die. This time It was no rase; he was done for, and within 10 or 12 minutes after the mate surrender he yielded up the ghost. But eren then blacky still stuck, and it was not until the corpse began to stiffen that he for the first time withdrew the nails which had been driven nearly three hours before into the sure place -the throat cl the unhappy rattle. Then, the tragedy being ended, the comedy began, and a comedy Indeed it was, at any rate to the two spectators. On the part of the victor there was no sign of triumph, no dancing around the prostrate enemy; but, with all possible staldiness and straightforwardneas, the hero prepared for the celebration of his victory. Be began by stretching and straightening out the lifeless body, smoothing oat every crease and wrinkle on its scaly snrface, with what intent we could not even guesa. He seemed to have assumed the role of undertaker, and to be preparing the corpse for decent burial, magnanimons towards a brave though de feated foe. Not a twist or wrinkle was left upon the carcase from tip to toe, from nose to outstretched tail. Then, to our greater bewilderment, we saw that he was licking the body from end to end, making straight parallel lines of saliva along ots entire length, which, with the rays of the setting sun failing on it, exhi bited all its varied hoes, and made us long for its possession, that we might carry it away with us. But the darky had something better to do than Indulge a benevolent sentiment for our gratification. For 10 minutes or more he continued his preparations, until he made four or five streaks of saliva, which shone like satin ribbons, laid horizontally on the dead body from end to end. Thenbhlacky rose and ,hook himself, and, having done so, took up his position at the head of his victim and calmly gazed upon him, with the first gleam of satls faction in his bright little eye. We were still foll of wonder and conjecture as to hie purpose, interment of some kind being the only thing we yet thought of. But then we saw him calmly open his mouth to Its utmost capacity and take into It the head of the defunct rattler; then he gulped and swallowed; then rested then another gulp and another ewailow ; and ,o on until he had tncked :nto him the whole body, a foot longer than himself ; and then, with the tip of the tall still danglingl from his vrooth, he dragged himself into the scrub, and thence probably into a gully, there to spend a mnth or more digesting his ponderous meal, and "fighting the battle o'er again" in blissful dreams. 