Comic Cuttings- The Earliest Comb- makers. — Boca. , No Risk Whatever.— A ssfo robbory. A Buy. Elcclloo-Where the seat is sold. The Ideal husband— somo other woman's nusDaou. Tbe Highest Approbation.— Applause from the gallory. Hardly Suitable for Breakfast.— The " roll" of the sea. Tho man at the bottom of tho ladder can not fall and hurt himself. Am Intoxicating Beauty.— A pretty girl at tired In e wlric-coloured silk. A Spiritual Inquiry. — "Is It likely that ghosts talk in tho dead language!) t9 If you don't know when you aro well off you aro pretty sure to find out aftorwurd. It would be a good deal easlerjp lovu our - irclghbours as ourselves If they would do Vblngs (he way wo do. Why Is Belling off bankrupt goods Uko preparing a basin of soup " Bncauso It' it liquidation of stock." ' " Papa, why do they call laagungo tbe Bother tongue ?" " Because the father so isldom gcts a chance to use it." It's Thruo, Avlc I — Says on Irish lover, "It is a great comfort to'bo'alone, especial ly whoa yer swatebcart is wfd ye !" Motbor's Image. — Visitor : " How much thp baby resombles its mother I" Father : " fee, it talked when It-was only six mouths old 1" Mother : " Johnny, why did you not toll xqe that you were naughty at school V Johnny : " Tlsn't best to toll women every thing." Prisoner.: "If your Honour-will allow me a llttlo timo I think X can 'prove my in- nooonce." Ma'glstrato : ''AU right; toko thirty days," Rob by : " How did the Sphinx get the credit of being so wire, papa ?" Mr. Know- Jn : " By keeping hor mouth shut for about 3000 years." , " Do you supposo tho telephone will ever replace the telegraph ?" " It may, but no matter what happens It's safe to say the telephono will havo tbo call." "You don't' oven dross me decently," sho cried. " I'm going homo to papa." " All right," replied Doollts ; "you might say to hlhi also that I need a now suit myself." First Artist (patronlslngly) : " Van Dike is a good fellow, but ho never wilt bo a finished painter." Second Artist : " No ; oil of bis figures are entirely too lifcllko." Goorgo : " I Just saw you coming from the conservatory with Miss Gotdie. ' Rathor bandsomo girl, hut too reserved for me." Thomas : " Yea, I just reserved her for life." " I am sorry I bought ono of those door mats with " Wolcomo' on It." " Why so 7" "Some stupid fellow mistook tho meaning of tho word and helped himself to it the first night." " Josophine Is- dreadfully vexed with hor husband.". " What has ho. done 7" " She gave him gold suspender buckles at Christ mas, and now he won't keep his coat on at dlnnor." He : " That Is just llko a woman — reading the end of a novel first. It seems to bo tho nature of a woman to Jump at a conclusion." She : " I didn't jump in this 'case. I skipped." . First Chicago Man : " WoII, I'm engaged to bo married to Mrs. Rasher-Bacon." Second C.M.: " You don't say so I Is poar Rasher-Bacon dead ?" First C.M.: " No ; but ho'B dying." . "What, then," the now woman asked defiantly, " what, then, Is woman's sphere to-day 7" The old man shook his head In sorrow. "The earth seems to be woman's sphere," he said ruefully. - Lonesome Larry : " I'm awfully uncertain about' what I ato at -dat' Boardin'-bousc." Weary William : "What did it look Uko ?" Lonesome Larry : "I. can't describe it, but its nom de plumo was bash." " I wonder," said tho young man, " whether there la much money to be mado by writing novels." " Some, perbpps," re plied the professional amanuensis, " but not as much as by typewriting them." "Jane," said . tho landlady severely, " where aro tho eggs for dinner 7 1 told you to cook that dozen I borrowed from tho neighbours." " Yos, muni, but you told mo later to bo sura and return 'cm." " 1 see that follow Dawson got out his new patent kites tho other day, and per sonally ho was taken up Into tho air sixty foet by .them. He must bo crazy." " Not crazy— but certainly a very light weight." Noll : "MIss.BJoncs uses French phrases In the most peculiar manner." Bell : "Docs sho 7" Nell : " Yes, Indeed ! Why, at breakfast yesterday, I asked her how sho Uked her eggs and sho said they wero very chick." "Didn't your brother forget bis lines cl Aho-'lfmatour theatricals last evening 7" " No— ho only got them mixed a little. In stead of saying, ' I hear the tramp of ap proaching footsteps/ he said, ' 1 hear tho footsteps of approaching tramps.' " Yolco at the telephone : " Major, will you pleaso bring your family and take supper with us next Sunday 7" Servant girl (rc- pllos back through telephono) : " Master and mistress aro not In at present ; but they can't come to supper, as It's iny Sunday out." " Every year," said the professor, " a sheet of water fourteen feet thick Is raised to the clouds from tho sea." " What titne of the year does that happen, professor ?" asked the freshman from the interior. " I , should think U would be a sight worth going to see." " Do you go to school, llttlo boy ?" " Oh, yes, sir — I love to go to school 1" " Whnt do you study — reading, writing, and arlthni- motlc 7" " All of those, sir !" " And are you familiar with punctuation 7" " oh, yes, Indeed, sir ! Teacher punctuated her tiro las' week, nn' I mended it for her In less 'n ten minutes, sir." "An old African cruiser" writes : — "Somo years since n captain, now dead, who wan in command of (he Island of Ascension, knd to dccldo a very difficult point of etiquette. Somo of tho ladies complained to him that tbo best seats In church— tho front ones— wcro taken by tbe wives of the Junior otfi- cors, Tho captain looked very thoughtful for a few minutes, and then he gave his de cision, which was, ' In future the elder Indira aro to havo tbo front scats.' lie was novcr again troubled on that subject." 