THE IOHWS GflEAT (BY R-SHMfflS GPPENHEHM:); (Author of 'Mysteriobs ' Mr. Sabln,' 'As a Man Lives,' 'A Daughter of the Marionls,' etc.) CHAPTER IV.— (Continued.) Perhaps she guessed by his face/ and his tone that he was relenting in his demeanor , towards her. Womanlike, she took advan- ' tage of the opportunity. She glided across ? tlie room, and fell upon her knees before him. 'Don't send me away, Bryan!' she begged. 'Don't! Don't!' She was sobbing hysterically at his feet, crouching there, her hair and dress disorder ed, with all the sinuous grace and elegance of some beautiful wild animal. Then he took i her hand, and hesitated for the last -time j Slowly he stooped down, and wound his i arms around her, raising her towards him; \ With a little soft cry she twined %er fingers ; around his neck, and buried her face upon I his shoulder. Then he drew her lips to his | and kissed her. . ' '. '? ' They were silent for a few moments, gaz- ! ing out into the rich, soft darkness, which ? spread itself like a mantle below 'fhem. j Down in the camp they could hear the ming- ; led sounds of revelry at Cooper's store, and i the steady hammering of some new arrivals i marking out their claim and setting up tents. It was early for the moon, .'and the fire flies like flashes of gold darted up and down the I sides of the steep .ravine, arid hung like1 tiny stars over the valley below. Suddenly from the other side' -£. the cleft a red flame leapt up hissing into the night. Myra started and looked breathlessly out into the darkness. 'It's only Jim Hamilton— the chap who has the shanty opposite,' the Englishman ex plained. 'He's on the borders of a wood, you see, and he's afraid of bears. He burns pine .boughs there, every night: he's alone!' Another tongue of flame leaped up', and now they could hear the crackling of the burning branches. Another and another fol lowed. Myra leaned forward, holding her j breath, and fascinated for a moment by the j curious sight Even the man whose arm j was round her supple waist was interested, j The whole air was full of that fitful yet brilliant light casting a vivid glow upon thfe 1 undergrowth and down into the precipice | Iiung with tiny fir-trees, and throwing back j strange lurid shadows upon the red-trunked trees and the dense blackness of the wood. Mr. James Hamilton himself, who was alter nately feeding and raking the fire he had kindled, bathed in the rich scarlet glow be came almost a picturesque object. Sud denly, as though conscious of being observ ed, he stood upright and turned towards them, leaning on his shovel, and slightly shading his eyes with his hand. A great tongue of red fire scattered a thousand sparks, and leaped up into the black night. For a moment every line and furrow in the man's evil face stood revealed. The disclosure was startling, almost sinis ter. Even the Englishman, who had sat opposite the man for months, shuddered and turned away. For a few seconds he forgot liis companion. Then a stifled cry from his side, and an added weight upon his arms, reminded him of her with alarm. He caught her up in his arms and bore her to the bed. Her face was white and her eyes were closed. She had fainted. And across the gorge, bathed in a stream of red fire, Mr. James Hamilton stood there like a carved figure, with a light more bril liant than the flaming pine boughs had ever cast blazing in his eyes, and a fire more fierce than that which had made white ashes ot tie-dry wood burning in his evil heart. . Then he dropped his hand and burst into a hoarse, ringing laugh, a. laugh which echoed up the gorge and down the valley, and even came to the ears of the men sitting in Dan Cooper's store. One cursed the jackals, and another spoke of wolves. But the laugh was the laugh of Mr. James Hamilton. CHAPTER V— A HATEFUL FIGURE FROM A HATEFUL PAST. It was morning. As yet the sun had gain ed no strength, and though the air above was clear and bright with the promise of a jrlorious day, a mantle of hazy white mists floated in the valley, and hung over the tree tops Mr. James Hamilton, after throwing a careful glance around, slipped out from his cabin, scrambled down the gorge and up the opposite side, and walked softly along the garden path which lea to the' shanty. ! The Englishman had gone to the river— he had watched him go. Only his visitor was ibere. As he approached within a few yards of the shanty, Myra, who had just risen, came to the door to watch the sun strike the tops of the distant Sierras. Instead, she looked into the dark, evil face of Mr. James Hamil ton. She started back with a little low cr'y. The color faded from her cheeks and the glad light from her eyes. A sudden faintness i came over her. Sun and sky, wooded gorge and rolling plain, commenced to dance be fore her eyes. She felt herself growing sick and numbed with horror. Last night she had persuaded herself that it was a delusion. The shadows and the dim light had made her fanciful But here in the clear morn ing's sunshine, where every object possessed even an added vividness, there could be no possibility of any mistake. The man whom it had been the one fervent prayer of her life that she might never see again, was face to face with her alone in these mountain soli tudes. And he had not changed— not a -whit. There was the same cold, ugly smile, the same fiendish appreciation of the loathing, which he aroused in her He took off his battered cap, and made her a mock obei sance. ? ' , 'You— here!' she gasped. She felt that she must say something. The silence was intolerable. It was beginning to stifle her. 'You've hit ft!' he remarked. 'Did you think I was a ghost? Feel! I'm flesh and blood! Come and feel, I say!' He held out his arms with a gesture of coarse invitation. She shrank away with a little cry which dropped into a moan— al- most of physical pain. 'Don't touch me! Don't dare to touch me! What do you want?' Mr. Hamilton appeared hurt. His manner and his tone implied that he had expected a different reception. 'What do I want? Come, I like that! You don't mean to tell me that you've come to this God-forsaken hole of a place after some ! one else, eh? When I saw you last night, ' I thought at first of coming right over and : claiming you. It's me you came for, I reckon. Ain't it, eh?' Her eyes. flashed fire upon him. 'Come after you!' she repeated, her bosom heaving with pent-up emotion. 'Oh, my God! I would sooner walk Into my grave. To look at you— and remember, is torture! ?TVhat do you come here for? How dare you ?come into my sight!' I He laughed; a low, sneering laugh that ?had little of merriment in it. ;1 I 'So it is the Englishman; is it? Uow lis Iten here, my sweetheart, and don't ruffle your ?pretty feathers. If we were. in San Fran Iciseo, or any other place where there was a ?choice of society, you could take up 'with Itvhom you liked and be d — -J to yout but.; lout here it's different! You're mine, and I mean to have you! Do you hear? This, blasted hole has given me the bines*: I'm lonely, d — -d . lonely, and Tpon my irord,j you're a devilish hantlsome woman, you iknowJ It won't be forSoiigV I shall soon be as tu-edfof^yoSi as I was TM6t$i and then, ivou can eome back to your ''Englishman! 3S©' jnons^nse, Miti' little feoli- rSou peloog to* me, body fjiid soul, and:''l*jik: going to ha^e .yOU!'' .. /*???'?:'' ?':?; *-^.V I jShe hatfk&oi; toeen able to -attempt any es cape, had aiiy been possible* The man's very presence seemed to have bereft her of pll strength. She stood there fascinated with. fhe deep unspeakable horror of it, trembling from head to foot,, and miserably conscious bf her1 own. impotence/ : Before she could recover herself his arms 'closed suddenly around her, arid his hot breath scorched her cheek-as he stooped down ..and ..lifted her bodily, into Ms arms.. She gave one despair-: ing shriek, wid then a cry of joy There was a. slow, ?deliberate footstep outside, and. a tall form steed upon the threshold. Mr. Hamilton dropped his burden, and turned1 rotrna with a fierce oath. ? sIt was Pete Morrison who was lounging there, lank and nonchalant, with a pipe hi his mouth and his hands' in his pockets. 'Hello! What's the shindy?' he inquired: good-naturedly. 'It's no affair of yours,' answered Mr. Hamilton, with savage emphasis. 'Stand, aside and let us pass, Pete Morrison. I'm not the man to be trifled with,.and Til stand to my word to-day. Out of my path, or I'll let daylight into you, sure as, hell!' Pete Morrison stood a little on one side, and blew a volume of tobacco, smoke from his month. . 'Where's the hurry?' he inquired. 'I -aiat standing in your way. 'You majvgo as fast as you like, but I kinder think you'd better leave the boy,' he added mildly. 'The boy's mine. Clear the way, I tell yon !' His hand stole down towards his belt Quick as lightning Pete Morrison's hand flashed out towards him. ^'Hands up, Jim.' Mr. Hamilton obeyed the order, and saved his life. He still looked into the dark bar rel of Pete's revolver, but the pressure on the trigger was relaxed. 'Now look here, Jim,' Pete Morrison re marked calmly. 'I'll allow, that this ain't none of my affair. I interfere only as far as this. While my pard's away, no one don t enter his shanty, nor meddle with his pro perty—not if I'm around, anyway. If this ;ere boy belongs to you, come and fetch him while Bryan's here. That's all. Now~I reckon you'd better quit You seem to have scared the life out of the young 'un.' Mr. Hamilton was white with rage. He Walked sullenly to the door, and then turned rouncL ''Very well, Pete. Your turn now, mine next. I'm off to the creek. What was it Dan Cooper proposed, and Pete Robinson seconded, eh?' he sneered. --'^No women in this 'ere camp. And you and your d ? d partner thought you'd make fools of us all by calling that a boy, eh? Ha! ha! ha! We'll, see. Mark my words, Pete, my fine chap. Before to-morrow's sun goes down, you'll be advertising for a partner. Ha! ha!' He turned away., Suddenly. a faint voice recalled him. He looked round. Myra was standing in the doorway, pale and trembling. She laid her hand on Pete Morrison's coat sleeve. 'Is that true?' she whispered hoarsely. 'Tell me quick.' 'Reckon so,' answered Pete gruffly. He had done, his duty, to his partner, but he had no friendly feelings towards this stranger. She turned towards Mr. Hamil ton, who was watching- her . with an evil smile. ''Will you wait a little time before you go down and tell them in the camp?' she said, in a dull, lifeless tone. 'Four- and-twenty hours,' he answered, briefly. 'If you are with me to-morrow morning before the sun touches yonder' ridge, I am silent If not— you know.' He sprang down the gorge side and dis-* appeared. Pete Morrison had also gone back to his shanty without ' another word to the stranger whose presence he found so unwel come. Myra was alone. She sat down upon the little . bench_and looked out with blind, unseeing eyes on the sun-smitten woods and the valley still over hung with faint wreaths of fairy-like mist Alas, all their sweetness was gone for her. A great black shadow lay across it all. Shuddering, she dared for a moment to glance back at those awful days which for years she had been striving to forget; days of horror, and degradation, and sin, days almost of madness. She had climbed a little way out of hell, only to be thrust back again by the same hand that had dragged her down. She knew no God. She had no friend. There was no way for her to turn, nothing but. death. She stretched out her hand, and thrust the small revolver whieh she had brought with her from San Francis co into the bosom of her gown. She had been very near it twice before: once when her first trust had been betrayed, and again in the desert when gaunt famine had stared her hi the face. This time it seemed to her that death would be an easier thing. The man who had shown her the blackest and most hideous depths of human depravity was breathing the same air. Better death by the slowest and most awful tortures than, that his hand and hers should ever meet again upon this earth. Better a hell of everlasting torment than such a hell as this. She stretched out her hand with a convul sive, dramatic gesture towards the little brown shanty on the other side of the gorge, and her lips moved in an unspoken oath. The sweet, sharp air into which she looked was rent by the single word which burst from her tightly- compressed lips: 'Never!' (To be continued.) 