THE CHINAMAN AS HE IS. ' Lloyd's Weekly." John Chinaman is neither quite the rogue represented in Bret Harta's poem, " The Heathen Chinee," nor altogether the simpleton pictured in Lamb's immortal " Dissertation on Boast Pig." He is the world's donkey. He can be led; he will not be driven. As in the case of Gordon, he will, after proving him, honor a great man, whatever his nationality. But to Western ideas John's lifeis devoted to fraud. He believes, and always has believed, that he sees with two eyes, and that the " foreign devil " sees with only one. We wear black for mourning or for our boots ; he uses white. We care for the liv ing, he cares for the dead. With him the place of honor is on the left hand. He do£E his hat as a sign of disrespect. His roses have no fragrance. His women folk wear no petticoats and do no shopping. If he is happy enough to escape from the poverty and drudgery which form the rule of ' life in the Plowery Land, his table is the measure of his riches. His legal code is formed- on the supposition that fraud is universal. Trial by this code is synonymous with torture. It is not novel to find a governor who has been exiled for his misdeeds recalled and promoted because his successor has eclipsed Mm in rascality. Prom those near the throne to those in the hovel the practice is to . give bribes to all above and to exact them from those below. Government goods are some times a year in transit, the officials in charge being more anxious to levy fees for alleged obstruction than to expedite the Imperial business. . And yet during the time the East India Company traded with China there was no record of money being lost through the fraud or failure of a native merchant, though large sums had to he handed to Chinamen for the purchase of tea in the interior of the country, where the foreigner was not permitted to go. John's simplicity is exemplified in the fact that during the China-Japan war he put up umbrellas to protect him from the enemy's shells. One writer, describing the capture or Amoy by the British in 1841, says the officials prepared a battery of 200 guns along the shore. Sailing vessels would have had to run the gauntlet of their fire. Admiral Parker, how ever, had his sailing vessels towed up to the town at a safe distance. The town was taken with the loss of one man, whilst the natives lost fifty. The Chinese general declared such practices were without precedent. When Sir H. Gough landed a moun tain battery, and from a neighboring j hill attacked the CMnese gunners j from the rear, the officials, who had never dreamt of guns being fired down a hill, S6nt off hurried des patches informing the Emperor of the treacherous impropriety of the " bar barians." | A Chinese woman, is expected when young to obey her father and her eldest brother; when married, her husband ; when a widow, her eldest son. She gives no orders. There is a Chinese proverb which says. " "Women and children are clothes " —to be had when wanted, to be cast off as desired. But in the language, the symbol for " rest " and " quiet " is that for "women under the domestic roof." Married sons are compelled to live under their parents' roof, whore ■their wives are subject to the rule of a mother-in-law or of an elder sister in-law. "With, his poverty may be compared John Chinaman's callous j view of the value of human life. This i callousness seems to be even more1 contemptuous than that met with in India. And yet the Chinese dread the name of death. "When one has died he has been " tilled." In Euh tien, which in some respects is the most promising part of China, to: mention death to a native is to render him an insult, especially at the open- j ing of the year. The dreaded word is evaded wherever possible. John is much of a devil worshipper. "What is called the " worship of ances tors" is a complicated system for laying the spirits of the departed. It is the common belief that if the ghosts are not worshipped and fed they wreak vengeance on the living. The worship being the province of the son facilitates divorce and polygamy, but is not without certain. redeeming fea tures. It has been computed that the publio " worship of ancestors " costs the empire £6,000,000 per annum," and the private worship £24,000,000. In Chinese society the scholar is regarded as next to the emperor; then comes the farmer, and after him the mechanic, and the trader. | The amusement or decorative' I caterer comes last in the scale, in accordance with the saying that " the man "who • pays highly for a song will not give much for virtue."' Scholarship, however, is scarcely such as we should designate by that name. But Chinese literature is not destitute of fancy. For instance there is an old Chinese romance of which Yoltaire made use, and which •has many renderings but one moral. A doctor of Beason, T meditating among the tombs, observed a young widow fanning one of them. Seeing her in tears the "philosopher asked the cause. She replied, "You see a widow at. the tomb i of her husband. He was most dear to me. He loved me with tenderness. Afflicted with tho I idea of parting, his last words; were, 'My dearest wife, should you ever think of marrying again, I eonjure you to wait at least until tho plaster of my tomb be entirely dry. How," said she, " as the, walls are still damp, I thought I would help them to get dry." The philosopher told his ad venture to his young and beautiful wife, who declared that should he die before her " she - would never marry again. The philosopher puts her to the test by shamming death, and finds her constancy no greater than that of the woman he had met amongst the tombs. She, being discovered, commits; suicide, and he resolves never to take another wife. \ j / Holders of the /Victoria" Cross m the ; British army, who have heeu a slowly i dwindling baud for some years, promise j to receive new companions as a result of i the Boer war. Seven years ago they ^umbered one hundred and uiuety»six, j and just before the outbreak of hostilities ! Ja the Transvaal there were only one //hundred and fifty-five. The Indian r Mutiny still accounts for the largest number of names on that roll of honor, no fewer than forty-two recalling that year of heroic straggle. The Crimean War, which started the roll, now ranks second with South Africa, each claiming twenty-five names. Afghanistan con ! tributes eleven names, "and Egypt and I Soudan together make up the same ! number. For the rest of the names one ! must follow the union-jack to all parts of the globe. 