TALES OF THE WAR. THE FIRST SHOT. fT is late in the month of July, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine, and I am writing you a story which bears on the unfor tunate racial hatred existing over here between the Boer and the firiton. I think I am right when I say that the first shot of the war, which I look upon as inevitable, has been fired. It was a matter of but yesterday, and as yet the scries of incidents keep paBBing before my mental vision like the continuous working of a cinemato graph. Sleep refused to come to mo last night. Days and weeks and months may pass ore the horror of the brief time will begin to lose its hold upon me. I have no love for bloodshed, and believe that whosoever shed the blood of man, by man shall his blood be righteously shed. From a boy, shooting, as a sport, has been a passion on me, and at the age of thirty it had developed almost into a mania. The beginning of this month found me at Ladysmith, and there I lay in a supply of cartridges, with a few other necessaries, and started north, travelling alone. My intentions was to get what shooting I could here and there, live rough, and on arriving at Laing's Nek, take the rail back to Natal. I had a month's leave, and that was my way of (pend ing it, X wandered here and there for some days, and what happened to me does uot matter to my Btory. One morn ing, after a night spent under the lee of a rock, a place of shelter I tumbled across after dark, I had a look round me and judged from the aspect of the country that I was on the border of the Transvaal, a few miles south of Majuba. It was a rugged bit of country, with big hills in the distance and uot a human being in sight. I lit a fire and toasted a bit of a deer I had shot on the previous evening. Having eaten my fill, I lit up my pipe and rumi nated on the Boer, his muscular man hood, his love of a pastorial life, his undoubted courage, and occasional brutality. Suddenly, as if sprung from the ground, a man stood before me. At a glance I saw that he was English and had been shooting around like myself. Then I noticed that his cartridge belt was empty and his cheeks a bit "clemmed." "Good-morning.'' I said. He murmured something in reply and dropped wearily to the ground. Without another word I handed him the remnauts of my morning meal and ho ate ravenously. A. few drops of liquor, mixed with water from an ad jacent spring, pulled him rouud a bit. " Lost your way ?" I said questiou ingly. " In a sense, yes," he replied; " for a day or so I've lost myself altogether." While lie was eating I had observed him closely, He was a good-looking fellow, a few years younger than my sejf-pUt him down as twenty-four and more serious about the eyes than one of his ago ought to have been. I did not ask him how he had bst himself, for I saw he was alluding to his mind more than body. He fumbled in his pocket, as a man feels for his pipe- there's a speciality in that movement, you know-and, aB if recollecting himself, withdrew his hand. I tossed my tobacco-pouch over to him. " Thank you," he said, and the pipe was found right away. He filled and I had to give him a match. The poor devil was clean out. I vcutured to ask him how on earth he got into that parlous state. " Bobbed of everything as I slept, save my rifle-I lay across that,' he answered. " Do you ? know the country?" . . , I shook my head and explained that I was bearing towards Laing's Nek in a hap- hazard way. " I want to find the farm of Petrus WesBel," he said, and his eves for a moment wore clouded. It looked as if be had a deep grudge against Petrus, and I aired my prejudices against the Boer generally. " I can't stomach the breed," I said. « Whenever I read of Potchefstroo'm, where they were besieging a few of our men in the fort, my blood boils. You remember what happened ?" " No," he said vacantly. " It was a small fort," " and there was one woman-a Mrs. Sketchley in it. She died, and it was necessary to bury her outside. The Boers agreed to an armistice of four hours. The grave was made, and as the body was being lowered into it, the psalm-sing ing brutes fired on the mourners." " I remember now," he said. " It is Gospel truth, but there are Boers and Boers.' As a lump I don't like 'em much." He seemed to me too weak to hate thoroughly, and I dropped the subject. After we had finished smoking I sug gested moving on. I had about two score cartridges left, and offered him a few. " I'll take one," he said, and put it into the barrel of his rille. There was no shoot in him. Ho walked slowly in a dreamy kind of way, who would not admit he was weak. "I'm all right," he said, " you keep on and I am with you. We are bear ing down on Petrus Weasel's farm." I tried to get at what he wanted with Petrus Wesael, but he wasn t to be drawn. Sport was out of the question with him, but about noon I dropped a gnu and he helped mo to skin it. We cut oft some decent steaks, and made for a spring outside a kopje, where he dined. He ate ravenously as before, but the move ment of his jaws was mechanical. He did not seem to relish his food anyway. Nor did it apparently do him any good. When we started afresh he crawled as badly as ever. If they was any change'in him, it was for the worse. I began to tire of his company, though out in lonely places we are not hypercritical in that respect. As J evening was closing down, the country opened out more, and I saw I was out of my bearing. We were fairly in the Transvaall. "That is part of Weasel's farm," 8aid my companion. " I know it by that bit of a Btream yonder. He forms thousands of acres, and his bouse lies on the far side. It iB too I ereat a distance for me to travel to nigh*." I said nothing. We camped and lit up a bit of (ire. It makes a man cheerful even if he doesn't want it for warmth. All day long we had travel led without his mentioning what his name was. I asked him if ne minded giving it to mo. "Not at all," he said, surprised. "Why should I? It's Robert Dew dney. I was in the employ of the Chartered Company, but I've chucked my berth." Then he fell into a thinking mood, and I let bim think. Darkness came down upon us,, and presently he got up and walked away. " Not going ?" I shouted. "No," he replied, and in a while he came back again. " I want you to do me a good turn if you will," he said. " If you go out a bit you can see the light of Petrus Weasel's house. AVill you walk over and tell him that I'm near done for, and I shall be glad if he will come to me ?" There waB a wildness in his eyes not good to look at, and now I put bim down as being sheer demented. My only course was to pretend to humor him. I took the precaution to gently hint that Petrus might not come. '? Perhaps not," said Dewdney," but I think ho will." I never iutend to go to that farm. If I do not love the Boer I would not treacherously lure him to be shot. Dewdney had kept the one cartridge in his rifle all day and never once showed a disposition to make use of it. It looked as if he wore saving it up for somebody. I walked away smartly, and when at a distance safe from observation, I halted and eat down on a bit of rock. There was no moon, and a kind of haze in the eky spoilt the starlight, but to a man accustomed to be out on nocturnal expeditions there was light enough to sec things within an easy radius. I was very quiet, for sounds travel far in lonely countries, and Dewdney, if he heard me shuffling about, might guess that I was hum bugging him. I sat with my elbows ou my knees, face lifted a little. A few minutes passed, and then out of the darkness there appeared the form of a big, burly man, walking swiftly and silently. He wore heavy boots, but they were muffled with his having something sott tied about them. Ho carried a rifle, and he was making for our camp-fire. It might be Petrus Wessel, or it might not. I could not tell. Anyway I thought it better to fol low him up. He stalked ou, making no more noise than a ghost, until he came to within a few feet of the fire beside which sat Dewdney, with his rifle resting on hie knees. The figure and face of the man who had stolen up were now fully revealed to me. Boer for a million, and about fifty years of age. His heavy eyes were fixed for a moment on Dewdney, and then a guttural sound, expressive of surprise and satisfaction, escaped him. Dewdney looked up without any surprise in his face. You see he had sent me for the Boer-it was Petrus Wessol-and he gave no thought to the speedy arrival of the man. There was no immediate fighting, as I ex pected thero would be, for tliey had something to say to each other, and divesting the Boer's speech of its in evitable distortions of the English tongue, I set down every word uttered. The scene is branded deep on my memory. Their voices ring in my ears still. " So! You, Kobert Dewdney, you come back to me, whether you would or no." " I am here of my own tree will Petrus Wessel. Did I not seud a friend to you for the purpose of bringing you here ?" " I know of no friend," said Wessel, waving his hand contemptuously. '' I see a fire burning on my land and I say to myself that if it is a dog of an Englishmen, making free of my place I will shoot him." " The two races are at peace, said Dewdney. The Boer laughed harshly. " War between us comes swiftly," he said. "It is in the air. We of the Transvaal breath hatred of you, and if you say you do less than that of us, you lie. From the hour you left my house with my daughter Gretchen, two long years ago, I have been thirsting to shoot some of your accursed race." "From behind a roek," returned Dewdney, and for a moment hie eyeB flashed with acorn. The Boer started as if stung, and bending forward with hie hand upon the lock of hiB rifle, be fiercely asked: " Am I behind a rock now P" "No," answered Dewdney, "but you have the whip-hand of me. Ii I make one movement to lift my rifle you would fire. I took your daughter away because you would not give her to me." " Shall I give a daughter of mine to an enemy ?" " I was no enemy of yours nor your people, ftud your daughter loved me. You Boers do not understand women. You think you have but to command and they have to obey. When you bade me leave your house, where for three weeks I had lived and paid for all I ate at your table, 1 went at once. When the night fell, Gret chen followed me-but before you use that weapon, hear me-" "You dog of au Englishman! hissed the Boer, and then I saw his rifle raised and the shot was fired. It was so suddenly done that Dewd ney had no time to defend himself., He fell back, but in a moment rallied and scrambled to his knees. Petrus Wessel was in the act ot thrusting another cartridge into his rifle when Dewdney pulled the trigger. The Boer fell heavily upon his face and by that I knew be had been shot through the heart. It was all over ere I could do aught to interfere. I ran up, and having heard all that passed between thcui, I believed Dewduey had been a robber of some thin" more than money from the home of the Boer. Therefore did I look to the latter first. He was as dead as lharoah. The half-closed eyes, the dropped jaw pro claimed it. It was a superfluous act seeing if his pulse had ceased to beat. Having laid him gently down, I turned to Dewdney, who was lying on his side gasping for breath. " here are you hit r" I asked. He lifted a hand and pointed to his breath, high up, near the shoulder. Petrus Wessel had fired from the hip and his aim had not been quite true. Dewdney lay back upon my sup porting arm, and muttered just loud enough for me to hear: " The fool! the blind old fool " Dewduey," I s&id; softly. It was no time for me to reproach him, for I saw that he was going. "You for get he had cause to be angry with you." " Cause a little," he said-his voice was very low. " I meant honorable with her. I was open, but-he treated me as if a Kaffir has asked for his daughter. So I took her against his will." .. T , , " Was that right r>" I asked. He looked at me with a brighter light in his eyes than I had hitherto seen there, *'? Where waB the wrong ?" he Baid. " We were married in Ladysmith, and went on-to-Bulawayo by-and-bye. We both wrote asking him to forgive, and got no answer." , " You told him you were married t " No I never thought it necessary. I was honorably, and Grfitcheu was always- good. She died of fever ft month ago-and all uiy life went out with hers. Her last words were a message ior home, and she made me promise to take it to him, and-it all ends-hero. I knew him, and did not expect forgiveness-but I promised Gretcben-I-" His head fell back, lis* eyes glazed, and all was over. . , , Misconception of motive, mistrust, blind race-hatred, aud passion at the root of it all. The Boer wanted no explanation-he was determined not to believe. So he fired the first shot. Dewdney, faithful to his promise to bis dead wife, was bearing her message to her father, but knowing his man, he huBb&nded; a cartridge iu his ritle, and when the Boer had done his worst .-he used it. 