FrankParketer'sStratagem ! B* WM. RAYNOR. , ? [oopiwojit.] IcoiiTzsTJi. m tezs issirs.-] ;OBAH Calmer ? sat in tho par . .. .j . . . _ lonr of her ?;? h ? Vk father'# bouso ?? ? |\ nt Smartatone I \ in Torfcuhlra. ' I \ I Befbro her waa ' 3Bri! ? I \ an open news ir/ ;1 I ' paper which ? 1 J 11 nd teen do : ? ^ livered by tho ? ?J postman a few vioudlj-. It w u * t h o W urry way-o (Australia) Mtrairy, and tthero wai- ono ?*. ... . ? paragraph whtoih had been marked in red ink, ? apparently to call Norah's attention to it. L - DEATHS. . I-HORNOASTLB.— On Saturday, the '&C;& Sep tember, at Wurrywoyo, John StuMt Hom csstlo, aged 22 years, of dyseutcry, after mi illness of ouly two days.- - ; Norah Btarod at tho papor .with dry oyea, her lips drawn tightly together with an ex pression of inward agony on her face. Then nature came to her .relief, and she sobbed piteously. . ! ' Dead 1' she cried. ' Oh; my poor, poor Jaokl The light of 'my life is blotted out;'' And it. seemed as if: Bho epoko truly. Instead of tho brink, happy Norah of old, she became as if by the touch of . a magician's 1 wand' a plodding, careworn : young woman, going about her work in -her' father's house without heart, and simply as a matter of duty ; and routine. In one short day she appeared to havo oged ton years. I' Norah's father was a grocer, but his trade was riot flourishing. Ho was a shopkeeper ' ;; of . the old school ; competition hud arisen ' which he could not cope with ; und that, and ' -an unfortunate tendoncy on his part to drown j ' , bis cares in the cup that inebriatre, had sent him on the downwnrd path. ? By far his largest creditor waa Frank Parketer, a young man of meant who had succeeded to a good I wholesale grocer's business ;' and Frank had. Ifallen hopelessly, in love with Norah Balmer I—hopelessly, because her heart 'was already -.'given to Jack Horncastle. Frank, however, i was a persistent suitor, and had more than' i once intimated to old Samuel Balmer that if ihe could induoo his dauabter to. accept him ihe would wipe off aH Ijis debts and practically pension the old man off. I To do Mr. Balmer justice, he had not, .hitherto; pressed Norah on the. subject. He ! respected her love for Jack, aud now that i Jack was- dead, after allowing time for the ifirst passionate grief to subadej he gently . put. ? it. to -her whether 6he could not bring ? herself to marry Frank Parketer and save ilier old father mid herself from r'uin. ! Norah' did not' care whiit happened to her, aud she allowed herself to be led liko a lamb . i.to the.slaughtor. ... j Frank' Parketdr's nnd Norab',8 tastes did inot prove to be in common. Fast, fond of a ? I town life, and a little givei)°,t6 betting, he ... .: vmou-got tired of his- handsome^ quiet wife, .and, seeking those pleasures tbat. were con . gonial tb him, he left lier at lidine to cure for . j their ouly child, a girl. Norah, . i. ..Mrs. -Parketer* passively submitted to his^ . Lnegloot; und when, after sir years of wpdded . | life,- Kor. husband died froiu ' the effects of ?- - (dissipation,' leaving his affairs ^involved that she -'. was i thrown ? on ther1 world almost yienii4ess^,jph% -applied , hwweli ;'^\ritfcv riuiot- . ..fortUude. to- the timk of &'riiiri|r,'lDfeid.fcir ; ?1iornelf and her daughter. ' A «' a mother she loved her little Norah devotedly, tliough her , life, .so to speak, was buried withJack'Horn castlo... ....... ^ . :? i. - j Little Norah was. 'little.' no longer. Although only fiixteon Bhe waa tall,' with a ' sedate and peusiref expression which gave her an Hppeurauce of beiug , older than she really was« i Mrs. Parketer hud coritHvod lo keep , her daughter and herself by means of her uoedle, but her sight had lately 'been failing, and the doctor told her that tsho imiHt give her cyta a complete reat or she would very likely go blind. Thin seemed Impossible, but youog Nornh had net hernelf te leans. ah-jrth«ad and ? typewriting, and was iiow trying hard to 'obtain a situation, so as by h«r eanungu to i lot her mother havo the rest Hh'e required. She a.i«wered udvertiueiuents and eagerly watched the postman oil his njunds, but i disappointment hud hitherto been her lot. i j At last, however^ one morning, there waa th«s unusual but welcome 'rat-tut.'* ?♦Mother, mother l^ shocried. '?I'vegQta letter. I arii to go and see the gentleman thfe murniug. It's at the. 'Australian Wool Agency * in Moorgate street.' 41 1 pray God you may be euccessful, xny darling.' 'On, I am sure I shall; get the place,' crifld i Norah hopefully.' I haVo a presentiment that | Ishull.' s *? All, child, preaentimentH, when tbeiy are of good fortune, are mostly thoughts born of wishes,' replted lior mother. MJBut let ine look at tho letter.' ! Norah bunded her a typewritten boto. 'Mr.' Homemade will be gkid^if Mihm Parketer will cati upon him to-morroW morning at. eleven o'diioki' ' HorncuHtle ! ' munnured Mrs.- Parketer;- How different it would-all have been if poor Jack hnd not died.' *' What did you say, -mother?' aaked Nonih. 41 Nothing* my darli^. . I waa only think* ing. The mime of Hnrncanfle reminded mo of Nonieoue whom i knew, yearn ago. It' the name g^es for anything ? in the wav of gaod liiok,' Hhe adde»i. with a ghost' o? a smile, ??yoii ought, to be'miccew«f*l. ? -? Norah. anxious not ' to bo late, arrived mj Moorgate street, full ten minuter too won. The youth who' was i^ ^he oflicc knew her errand, and the idea of t-iis IhH, ladylike ^irl being his foUowrcWk, wa-* curiotiH to him; He re-jeive-l her ?\vit)^..6trange mixture of ehy respect and fHniilifiriibyV 4*Mr. HomcaHtlo' hasn't como yev miss,' he saidv 44 It'« not a market day, you know, -and he's never hero before eleveu on 4 off days ' ' ' ; ' 44 Oh, thjink- yoni' eho auswered timidly. ^ V wilVwait.' ** Here's a chair; miss,' said the clerk, as he shifted one towards her. l4The guvnor'b sure to be here at 'cloven. He'h awfully ?punctual.' The ten minutes seemed an ago' to Norah, but precitwly as the clock in the Bank of Knglond' clanged out the hour the office door was thrown opon, and a tine, broad shouldered, athlntje- lookiiig inau of about1 forty years of age, or perhaps a little more, . walked in. He glanced at the girl who was sitting in the railed-in space that did duty for.: a waiting*room, and;c as he did eoj his face I paled visibly nnd he stared at her ho fixedly: that, she felt quite confused. ? ? I 44 Ah! You've Called in answer toJ my I note; haven't you P' he saidras hd noticed herrising colour^ 4-I will see you almost; immediately — m soon as 1 have opened my I letters.' I Tho letters were few and unimportant that I morning, and what there were were quickly I thrown aside. But Mr. Honicastle sat with | hie/chin on hi^ hand in deep thought. . l% Strange!' he muttered. 44 1 selected; her lettor out of hundreds because of the name j of Norah. and she's the very image of my ' poor sweetheart ' Then he reinomb^red that the 44 image' ! was waiting, and he called for her to be! shown in ?* Take a seat, Miss Marketer,' ho said, aa he artfully placed a chair where the light j would fall full upon her. 44 You can use; the ' typewriter ?' . She was nervous and trembling. I 14 1'have learnt it, sir/' shereplicd. 'But ^ J— I've not had & situation: vet. | '?t see/1 ta saf£, smilingly. 'And tho idea of applying for one flurries you a little. Well^. now, supppBO you. tako a note of a letter in- shorthand and then typo it at tho maehlno^ so that I can eoo how you- manage it. Tako your time now, nnd dou't be too anxious* l am quite willing, to make all allowanoea for you/' ho added kindly. This-big, stroDff gentleman, was very nice and, reassuring, Norah thouyhtv and it gave ,her courage.. She' took, tho note, from his dictation abd typed it absolutely without mistake. . ''TiiatVfdmously done/' hesaidj And ho offered her a, wage whioh . was considerably morq than she haa expected. ' *?ou can: start. to-morrow,' ho continued. ? 44 But boforo.you go might I ask you a few questioos as tb yourdclf P' Norah.otimnoned as she- opened her little satchel. 44I quite. forgot,' sir, ^ sho- answered. 44I have a letter hero as.to my character from our clergyman aiid also one from the firm that mother has worked for as to our respect ability.' 44 1-did not mean that j' he replied, with li wave of the hand.- 44 1 am^atisfiod with you without anything of 'that sort. But you remind me forcibly of someone clso. Where ; were yon borirP^' The abruptness of the question startled her. 44 I~I was bom at fcmnrtetono in York I shir^ sir.' 4?Ver y oxtraordinarv ! Very extras ordinary I' he eiclaimca; MHave you any one, of the Tiatno of Baltner in your family ?' 44 My mother's maiden name was Balmer; ' I she said. - . . i; 44 Jt'tf strange,' ho cried. *4 1 thought. I that 1 knew every family in SJimrtstone, and | yet I only know ono Balmer. Saiuuol Balu»er, j the grocer.' ? 44 He was my. grandfather, sir. I recollect him well. He died when 1 was six years old, just before my own. father died.' Mr. Horneastlo jumped from his chair and walked the room excitedly. 44 la your mother's name Norab, like yours V* he aaked. ?* Yos, her name's Norah, Bir.' 44 Then I'vo been wickedly imposed upon,' be cried. And, shbuiing to the youth in the office, ho told him to fetch a cab immediately. Then ho unloosed a safe and took a small' packet of. newspapers from a drawer. And in .Jess tnan half an hour a cub con taining Mr. Homcastle and the- wondering Norah drove np to the littlo house at High bury, whero she and her mother lodged. 14 Norah 1'' ,4^ack !' And Mr. Hornoastle's newly-engaged iRdy. clerk was astounded to see her employer seize her mother, who started sobbing hysterically, und clasp her to his breast. 14 1 cannot have you for a clerk, Norah,' said Jack Homcastle, .after be had heard her mother's story. 44 You must be my daughter instead.*' 41 But, Jack!' cried Mrs. Parketer. 44 1 don't understand it. Your death was adver tised in, the paper.' w So wa« yours, . my love,' he said. 44 1 have the old copy of the Smartatone Chronicle in my pocket. Look!' Atod Mrs. Parketer and - youm* Norah read the advertisement of the former s death. 44 Yes,* ft*®; that paper,' said Mrs Parketef. 44But I.can swear it wasn't the real Smartstone Chronicle* because father took it every week, and — and it's absurd !' 44 Someone must have falsified the papers both in Australia and in England,' said Jack. Some villain ? ' 44 Hush, Jack,' she said, gently. 44 It mu&thtive; been Frank. He's dead.' And so It proved. ?? Jack met a ^dia^ in London sotne time afterwards who had been ?t Wuttywayo, and who knew a printer in thes-newwpajvor office, a relative of rarketer's. On his deathbed thiu printer had confessed to Jack's Informant that be had altered the type, j:bjr' arrangemeut with Parket-er, after the j regular oopies of tho pauer had been printed, aiid had' inserted a false notice of Jack's death in it. 4fIt seemed to haunt bhn in his dying hour,' said the man. 44 Ho told mo all about k, and mitde mo pfoitiise. to ' try and undo auy mischief that might, have been done. But it was so lotig ago that 1 thought it better not to tako auy notice.'* 44 But how about the Smartstone paper P' queried Jack. H Oh , of course, Parketer must have played the Mime trick there, too ! He bribed some body iu the office to' strike off one false print. It would b« eaay enough if the paper WHsli't ? ereofcyped.'* 