In the Face of Proof. CHAl'TKK XVIII. Tho noxt twonty-four hours wor« ft torriblo ?traiu upon Fulico. Robort, who, in epito of tho pain . of ,hia injurioa, noomed to rovol in tho troublo and diBlrcBB ho was now capable of inflicting upou bvcrybody, inHistud tlmt both his wifo and Margnrot ehould remain iu attondauco upon mm. ' Watch hor, Maggio ! Boo that oho dooan't poiBou mo, or ouilocato mo with a pillow ?whan nobody is looking ! Look at hor angry oyes ! A precious tigor- oat I hayo made my wifo, truly ! Don't lot hor loavo tho room, Margaret ! Sho's out of misohiof horo undor your oyos and mino I Sho'll bo out of tho houso after hor Maurico if you lot hor givo you tho Blip ; lock tbo door, Maggio, and koop hor fast !' Boforo tho dark, unfriendly faco of Mnrgfirol, Folico'fl prido would not lot lior bpg hor husband to uparo Iuh unjiiBt taunts. A troachorouB spy must liavo boon in tho Iiouho over Btnco Robort's doparturo, intent on forwarding to him garbled and mischievous vorsions of all that pnasutl at Stonuroyd. So much Folico had patliorod from Roborl/u own words, nnd kIio Imd littlo dilliculty in idontifying his socrot informant with tho wrinkled, taciturn old woman who had adored and opoilod him Binoo hiu nurnory dayu. Lady Fonton had rotirod to reat in tho dressing-room, and tho friondly Louisa had boon banished from tho sick-room by Robert's dooree. ?'I won't havo that woman Louisa about,' ho had said. ' Tho clutter of hor tongue drives mo mad, Bosidos, sho's in league with my wifo.' ' Hoavon f orgivo you!' obsorvod Louisa, devoutly. ' If you wasn't ill, ah'd lot yor know what I thought about yor. You ain't fit to bo trusted' with a wifo at all, lot alone an angel like tho ono you'ro a blackening of. Oh, it ain't no good swearing at mo. Ah'm not an intormeddliug old spy like that there oroakin' old Margaret, and big looks won't frighton mo, nor bad words, noithor.' But, with hor voluble ally banishod, with Maurico driven from tho house, and ovon Lady Fonton away, Foliou, listening to hor husbuud's impatient ravings, nnd, guarded by tho sullen, accusing oyos of Margaret, felt something vory likn despair creop over hor heart. 13 yon Louisa boliovod Maurioo guilty, and tho faBlidioiiB Marcus, when ho showed him self for a fow momenta iu tho doorway and glancod with shrinking repugnance at tho bruised nnd blood-Htaincd figure on the bud, had half-oxpraHBod a similar opinion. ' Don't dmtroHfl yourself ho mnoh, poor, littlo Madam Foliou,' he had contrived to murmur in her oar ; ' ho will recover, for tho simple reason that ho doesn't deserve to. And wo must not judge Maurico too harshly, ill) in a pimnionulu boy, and not rouponmblo for his own actions wlusn unduly provoked,' ' Maurico had no hum] in this,' nho had said, looking up angrily into Marcus's fair, florid face. ' Jio Hhniggi'il ln'n iihoiildnrn. ' So fond of liim mi all that i'' he obuorvod, lioftly, and l-:fl tlm room. Tim words iitiiug ll'elico deeply. It wan not enough tlial. iihe knew hornulf to be utterly blaiiieleiiiiiii (he mutt or ; not enough that her lehitiowi with Maurieu had been ohai'aisl.Mi'iiiinl by ninlcrly frioudlineiiM on one nidi* miii ishivali'oiiu i!oui'l.i:iiy on tho other, her Innilmiiil, old Mui'gai'ot and now even Marcuii inali|;ui.-(l her, ruproaeliing her with n /leutimiint which, with all the force of her (ilrong, upright nature, itho had iitriven to conceal anil to dculroy, A burning iioiiho of nhaino and humiliation itwopt over )n:i' at tlm thought that Miuirico lliunielf had heard Itubcrt'n foul citlinjuiicn, Hhe hinged to encitpe altogel.hcir from Htoue j'oyd anil lit) nimocialionH. l''iom tlio nii.iiiDiit of her first meeting with itohnrt, Ji'enton it iienmed an though an unm'O|ii(ioiiM fate hud lifjiiu tracking her down, thwarting her efforts to do right, coiif lining hur notions of good and evil, and to/turing her with uniotionii thu very oxintonee (;f whicli wan a pain and grief to her, Miiuriee, tho brave and ijenerouu-niiniliMl, with liiii fearliiHH dii'icliirui) of iipmxsh /ind inn lovo of uiiiiiiliiiiu and laughter, wan it poiiMihle f hat. he eoiilil fiiiihlciily ilcvulop into a cow/ndly liKifiiiihin i' -And t hut iihe iihould |jr-llir cjiiiid of lio liiileoini a tiaiiittormatiofi i' JL wiiii itjipinii-ihle for her in 1/iu.iiJi his nanin fiom lit.'r IhoiigMu, while Jtobi.-rl'ii vn''' nnvj Iim'.'Jj nn'l higli -'? -lii'-'/iiiiiii!li-d-li'l|riiiiii) now wi-fli nnd li'ilfi'l in jut ulunt coniiciom.' lli'in', ilieri-l'lilitly ivnillrd * I. U- her, 11 | win.: n \'i)\ tn (fi'l. Ilild i i 1.1 out .i;l Ihn J/niil'i',' lie liiul|i:|.;d, ' M''ll -i.''lijir ; pi I Illipli liav (lie tnwn, nii'M hhun't l/u n bl-' Ut gi I, nl, lii/n ('I liiivn him nu'i'iili'iJ, Von mi. I not I ry I ij lo'li iiii'!|ni|'1'i'/i|1|l1 I'Vlir. ; J miv you i lint, /u/d luin intb\ Old you lhii.il; I \v;n. going I',, hi him nii '( Von i.linll he. i.'liyi.ily vv/iI'.'Ih'J, lh Ilinl you i .'in' I vri'i/i him lit ('. I ii\\\\\ tt\ lint v.ny, and / i, hull liiiii; him ini'i.li-d in) a »:hiirgr of nS U:ui\\-U d miirdi r. And yun yiiuiioll ivill utiiiir. in fo;yi;i/r prop.j1 uiiiiff u\ |/u!/li-: i7,c-;/iili'/;i, fnr il can i.iiitily ]u: ji/iivid (hat Vi'i: ijiiiir/eili-il about, you. l/ool: ul hie unw, Afriggie! iSIiu'm f»i{/ll(-i-/)i.d ! Him i.. fnghteicil/or him, »J-/ yon wo? ? -mxl for hccculf, un-\ Why, thi» \h really worth being nl-ol, for.' J'flifo Ainvug from her wont, pie and punt ing with anger. But Itobarfu discordant iuugh rcatoiod her solf-control, 6bo walked from (ho bed to the window, and, drawing ?»idu tho blind, watched a nickly dawn oitwping over I ho quiet town, A* thp morning woro on ltobcrt'it iiritabilily inorrnM-d, ni did hi* tlirtMta of vengeance upon Iiin oomin. ''Thoy won't «end for a conilablo, Dr. IJukhby !' ho cried, Klinott nu toon na thu littlo practitioner nindo Iuh apponranco. ' I gi- in fenr of my lifo through (Iii'h cotihin of mino. IJo quarrollvtl with mo on my mtnrn beenuHo 1 com plained of hi» making love to my wife, nnd wo had it bcufllo iu tlio dm wing- room. f-ouisn, thorp, wa« a wituciiN to it, and my mother, too. And Mnrgnret nnd my mother aro witncoHOH fiKnitiHt Mnuricu iih to Ii!k Kocoud attempt. What in tlmt you hoy — I am not to osciiu myself ? What ! when I am lying hero, hrniKod nnd woundod, nnd not n hod I in thin lioiiKuful of knaves and fools will Konil for a police ollicor, that I might have tho brute thai, abwiulted tno arrcBted, you talk to mo ithout not exciting mynelf. 1 toll you, if tlio follow isn't locked up before this time to morrow I'll got up out of bod and lodgo information against him myself, if I haro to crawl all tho way to tho town.' Littlo Dr. Hunhby, koopitig at a discreet distance from his irascible pationt, drew down upon hiniHolf tho titlo of ' pettifogging fool' by his wcll-moant ondeavours to nootho tho woundod man. ' It's roiilly — or — liko visiting an nsylum,' ho confided to his wifo during the course of tho day. ' An exceedingly mad old lady, most Btrangoly dressed and painted. Yob, there's roally no doubt about it, she is painted ; and a handsomer, foroign- looking porson, who novor speaks, but who Bits by tho window, looking like a ghost, in a manner that — or — makes ono fool really, most uncomfortablo ; then a fair haired gontloman in spectacles, who appears to tako no interest whatevor in tho whole matter, nnd who, whon I turnod to him to re port as to tho patient's progress, exclaimed : 1 In lloavon's namo, sir, don't discuss tho oubo with mo ! How can it possibly concern mo what becomes of him ?' Strange — vory Bwnnge, was is notr xuo mg, uuo, young follow, whom I usod to moot ont walking with his dog bo often, has loft the place since ho was acousod of tho nttomptod murdor; nnd as to tho domostios, thoy roally — or — I must say it — aro tho most po culiar lot of pooplo I ovor saw. A sort of deaf muto prosides at tho lodgo, and— or — a most wicked looking old woman nurses Mr. Fonton, while anothor most objectionable female, whom thoy call Louisa, opens, tho door, and distinctly in my hoarinc* yesterday, boforo my back was turned, called mo ? an old muddlor' — ' an old muddler,' my dear ; those woro hor exact words. Thoy want a straight waistcoat apieco at Stonoroyd, upon my word !' Late in tho afternoon Folico's first chanco of cBcapo occuiTcd. After numborloss throats and muttered in structions old Margaret at length yielded to hor master's authority and set oil in search of tho polico offioor who wao to hoar ' Robert's statymont, Baforo quitting tho house, howovor, by his orders she turnod tho Icoy of tho bod-room, imprisoning Folioo with her husband, who laughod maliciously from his sickbed at tho expression o£ voxation which flitted ovor his wife's faoo.' : ' You thought, whon Margaret had gono, you could givo us tho slip and bo off to warn Maurico,' ho said. ' Novor mind, you can bo poosont at tho trial whon' it comes off and admiro him in tho prisoner's dock I' . But as tho daylight faded out of the sky Robort, under tho sedative influence of his medioino, gradually left off talking and groan ing and sank into a deep sloop. , ' Half an hour had elapsed since Margaret's doparturo ; Folico know this by constant glances at her watch, which lay on the dress ing-table besido, As t.ho minute hand pointed to the quartor to woven, nho rose lightly and swiftly from hor seat, and, after [miming to tako ono long look at tho occupant of the bed to nssure hcriiolf that hm nlcop wuu gen uine and profound, kIio drew uniilo tho curtain which hung over the door communicating with tho dressing-room and noftly tried I he handle The door was locked, but she could hear footsteps moving about on the -other Hide, and iu a fow seconds her subdued ucratching ut tho panel brought someone to a tilaiidiitill iu tho dressing-room. ' Is it Folico ?' whispered Ijady Fenton's voice, ' Yes. Toll mo where to find tho koy, Quiok ! Quick !' 'On the shelf iu tho cupboard.' With lingers which trembled with oxoito ment Felice fitted the key iu tho lock, her forehead growing nioint and dummy with fear tho while, lent tho Hound riliould awaken ItollDI't. Once imiide tho dntHning-i'ooin, hIiii rimlied to where hei1 cloak nudjjhat wt-yi- hanging, and I'.ei/ing (hem, iihe wai- uudcing her way from the room, when l;inly J'Vnton laid a bony detaining hand upon her arm, 'Where are you going V' nho whispurcil, ' Are you going to run aw»y V' 'No.no! Oil, don't- stop me ! lie — Robert f mean —him ijdiiI. Margaret to felch a |)olice ollicnr, that iio may take down bin Hl-atenient and get Maurice an'oilcd, And it eaunot be ?it iniiiit not In) ! I ininil find Mauricii nnd warn him I' Lady Fonton peered curionwly into l''e)ice'/i face by llcj diui light. ' It in true, then, whnt he i.iiyii?' iihn mur muri'il, jerking her hmid iu the ilireetion of th'iiiii'l' I'uni), 'And you love Maurice)'' 1'iven iu theduitli nhr i:onld aw. thixirinuion lluiil) of nii|/i r on Felieu'ii fuce uu iihu nhook J M -j i nl ( IVri: of her niol,h|:i'-i'i'litw'ii hold, ' J/ow can you -how dine you how dnrn anyoun imy mieh lhiii//n to mr.Y' iihn piinlrd uul. 'Do you iviuil liiin In hi; tnliin nnd Iric-il fur ii i.'iiiim v.l.i.J. J, I'.. i i, uu, will i, nl hiliini: thiit lir I'oiiiiuilli'd, and nil (hi' i/iiiii ulili! iii'i'n.'ln ol Illiil (-..'I'lilili' hoilhe draggril In (In ligld, whilii Miiuiii'i.-'ii libiirly ia li. d away l.y Ihi' iijiid' ol liuch u iiiiiii nit iny hiihhiind 1 1 1 1 - I your i.on '(' liuiiy J'ioI.'iii fell bii'Jt iidfcp, J'V'lii'i-'if hii'l' i|. ii piii.i-iou, the Iliinio of a loiig'hinould',)iiiig fire t.oolf ))-?/? nllogilher by iiurprimf, ' Whnt mii-etvible iicret/v do you /neon '(' i-h.i ,i..i;id, sJ'/wJy. (''i-lii'D i-l i« /j* j-- -? J In.1)1 foot impudently, ' I cunnot. waists whiiIh mmv,' uUu wM. ' J'ivrry iiiuiw (it is inmihiuH, K lUAturt hhould v.iil'.', or if Mnrgarat «hould iu'jiiiin fi;r mi , j.ui llnni nit with humo Hlory — uuy- thing you like- \\*- giv« mo thnol' Hhe vtnu nt ihn top of (ha liluU'H by thin time, with hn\y lfunUm oloioly fallowing hor, ' i)n yun know wbcro M«urioo in ?' tho latk-r inqiiiiwl. ' No ; but X will Hud him I' Sho wan certain «bn could do tliii, Tho vory Htrongih of h«r determination »uenioil to iriKiiru thd fulfillnunt of her intontion. If aho imd to patrol the ittroeU of Cloflold, crying aloud hi* nmno, liko Hockot'H Bamoon nnc«* trciiK of old, «ho would Itud him and warn him to cscupo. 8n »nro wan nh« tlmt it necmed in nn way nurpri^ing to her, nflcr hho Imd Mpoil liko n low. (lying bird down thu long arivo and through the lodgo gaton, tlmt tho very man of whom hhe wiui in Koarch hliouhl bnr her way, ftMtiding immediately in front of her, iu though conjured thereby Imr will, 'Mm, Ponton! Is hobotlerP' 'HuhIi! Don't speak here. 'Wo .may be interrupted «t any moment. Como this way, farther, farther up tho road, out of sight of thu house.' No ono wftB in sight along (he lonely road. Sho vau on ahead of htm for Roma fow minutvH, nnd then, whon a turn of the road brought thorn bolwcon open fields 'on either dido, with tlio old mill not far abend, she slopped nnd waited for him to join her, ' 1 ciiino out to warn you,' who said, as ho enmo up beside hor. ' lie has fallou asloop. I wan looked in, but Lndy Fonton lot mo out. He has »out Margaret down to tbo town fora polico officer to take down his statement. Ho will have you arrested at onco, this vory night, on a cliargo of attempted murdor.' 'It isn't possible )' oxclaimcd Maurioo. ' Why, I know no more of it than you do !' ' Oh, what dooB that matter r1' she cried, wringing hoi* handB in hor excitement. ' Ho will have you arrested all the sarao. You know his malico, his rovongoful spirit. And ho hates you. Ho will swonr to anything against you or against mo,' ' Against you I' ' Yob. Oh, you cannot toll what I havo had to boar 1 I have folt I should' go mad listening. Ho Bays it was a plot botwoon ? ' Sho broko off suddonly. Sho was utterly unliko horsolf, quivering with emotion,* hot and cold by turns, hor words brokou by littlo, dry sobs. Ho took both hor hands botwoon his, hold ing thorn in a firm, warm grasp to roassuro her. ' What do you want mo to[do P' ho askod, gently. ' I want you to go away,' sho anaworod, looking straight up into his faoo with plead ing, tearful oyos. ' If' thoy cannot find you ho will got well, and I will givo him what money I havo to go away again quiotly, and tho whold thing will bo forgotten, Or — or I may havo to go with him,' ' Hoavon forbid !' His grasp of hor hands tightened to absolute pain as ho buddonly drew them up and .hold them against his breast, ' Folico,' ho said, iu a quiok, rough voice, ' I'd lay down my lifo for you. But I can't sneak away and lot you boar all tho brunt of his cowardly attacks,' of his vilo oalumnios ! Lot mo bo somowhoro near; lot thorn tako mo. My aunt and Louisa will givo ovidenco in my fuvour, and then tho roal culprit will be found when tho matter's inquired into. If I go, it's tantamount to confessing I did it, and people will boliovo mo guilty.' 'But I shnll not,' sho said, hor face illumined into wonderful beauty by tho faith and touderuess which sliono-in its every lino. ' Your word is quite onough for mo, aud you must givo mo your word to go. I am oo wardly. I cannot boar my namo to bo draggod into a polico court, or that othors should hear tho horrible things ho will say of mo. And you would bo aoudomnod. I havo askod, and thoy toll mo what ho says is tfuo, You might bo in prison a long time. And I could not boar it. Maurioo, you oannot rofuso mo whon I ask you to loavo tl|istown to-night. Go to London — go anywhoro. Tho ;ohargo shall bo with drawn later. And remember this may bor this must bo — tho last tirao I ovor ask you anything, perhaps tho last timo wo shall moot.' Her voico broke on tho words, and tears rolled uurostrainodly from her oyoa as she raisod them to his. ' I can't Joavo you I' ho whispered, hoarsely, ' I can't go on living horo or any whoro with tho knowledge that you may havo to go back to him ! Folioo, Folioo — say some thing to mo — anything ! Say — say that you pity mo !' ' Moi'o than that,' she said, smiling up at him snddonly, with eyes that swam in tears. ' I trust you, I boliovo in you, and you must pity mo,' . Ho understood and pressed bor hands con vulsively against his heart a moment boforo lotting thorn suddenly go, A mist was before his oyou too as ho turned abruptly from her and strode away past the quarries down to the town. It was a leavc'takiug without a farewell, a love ucono without a word of love. Yut each uuder ulood and knew that their friendship wiiu at an end, and that their paths heuceforl.Ii mimt lie umiuder, ('I'd lie iwUlnurd.) 