PHANTOM IN THE FOB, JeciUPZBVB IN .VEIS,: ISSU.S. ' ; , '' ' ' ' B ' " '' ' GERTRUDE WARDEN, Author of "The Wooing of a Faiiy," " An Angel of Evil;" "The Sentimental j . , ... Sex," &o.;, &o.; \- | copybiohx. CHAPTERL " BETTER nervous over me as a cat with her kittens." "It isn't a fit night to turn a dog into. However, if you must — How is Major- General . Sinclair, by the way?" . "Down with a twinge of gout, I'm sorry to say ; the result, I fancy, of too much fattca <alf on my return. Give me a light before I go." "I supposo we shan't' have many more bachelor evenings now," Sinclair's host and former college chum observed, as he offored a match. "Your father will be marrying you off as soon as possible to some nice- looking heiress, to Keep the property in your branch of the family." Sinclair lit his cigar, and paused a mo ment before answering. Then ho ' said, gravely : ' "You may take it from me, Travers, that'I shall never marry." "Nonsense, my boy I In the case of en tailed property it's a duty." _ "The property must go. My father knows my decision." "What's come over you?" protested his friend. "You used to be impressionable enough years ago. I shall begin to think you've left a wife and black family some where in Central Africa." " Think what you> like," Sinclair retortcd- wincing a little, however, at the suggestion. " But you won't move mo from my deci- ' sioil." " Bet you a fivor you'll be engaged to bo married before the end of the year !" "Done! But you'll lose. Good-night, old chap !" : "Good-night. If you're going to walk, \- fake care of the crossings.' There'll be any ' amount of accidents on a night like this, and you must have, forgotten your London by this time. Try to get a fellow with a torch or lantern to guide you." " Oh, I'm all right," laughed Sinclair, as he turned his coat' collar np and plunged into the thick yellow obscurity. " Shut tho door or you'll have your place full of fog." " Wonder what reason he has for that de termination not to marry?" Travers re flected as he chained and bolted the front door after the last of his guests. " I seem to remember some old story years ago about Sinclair and a girl eloping from a country house somewhere ; but the details escaped ..me, and he's not a fellow you cap pump. Ten to one, hy the tone hq uses, he's been hard hit at some time. It's a pity, for he's a real good sort." Meantime Eycrard Sinclair, as ho made .'his way slowly through shifting walls of ' yellow fog, let his thoughts drift back into ' bygone days. He had come back . from five years of exploration and travel .to find hims'cif . something of a hero and a colebrity. He was in his . thirty-second year, and in the pink of phy sical condition, handsome enough, with nis fine figure, soldierly bearing,. fair moustache, blue eyes, and bronzed face, to find favour in any woman's eyes, and sufficiently well off', as heir to a fine estate and considerable ' income, to be something of a "parti" in the marriage-market. Yet as he blundered on, wrapped in a- veil of darkness which seemed . to isolate him with his thoughts from the outer world, he found himself recalling with regret those days ten years ago when, fresh from col lege, with neither money nor position, he had fallen madly in love with a girl whose "qual he had never yet found. Through .his'head; the' old'Cfiy»itep(-iiong was 'ringing : ' '" "" ' ' j "I loved a girl;" T loved -her i Without.a reason why, . ! Foi she was a gay young giglot»' . And, a careless .hoy was I. ' ; I lost that girl, I lost her, ' And I haven't a notion how i' ; But .oh, I wpuld give my right hand ! For a,- glance of her gay eyes now!' Those gay eyes haunted him to-night. He seemed to see Leonid's faco beforo him1, to watch tho love-light ip those brilliant brown eyes of hers under' their long, black fringes, to note the dimples appearing and disappearing round her soft, red month, - and to kiss into ..confusion the silky dark curls which clustered round her smooth white brow. "Great heaven 1 What a fool I was to let her go !" he muttered half aloud. " T< think that she was mine, and that she may ho dead now and I shall never know 1" The fog grew thicker as he made his way along Upper .Oxford Street, , and struck off as he imagined in the direction of his father's house in Burton Square. It was close on midnight of Guy Fawkes Day, and as he drew near the doors of one of the great London hospitals he came upon a group of men and lads celebrating the day with fireworks and horse-play. So absorbed had he' been in his meditations that he had hardly iiotioed the reverberations, dulled by the fog, of squibs .and rockets which some scattered adventurous souls were letting off in the darkness.. But suddenly a group of shooting and half-tipsy reveUers started into weird dis tinctness before his smarting eyes, by rea son of the magnesium lights they carried ; like dancing, shouting demons, their figures showed black against the glow of rod fire which flashed and flickered upon the hid- eons masks and paper head-dresses in which they were diBguised. The effect was gro- teque and uncanny jn the extreme, and brought Sinclair with a start out of his re verie, banishing for the moment the bitter sweet memories which haunted him. Bat a moment later, as he was feeling his way with his walking-stick across the road, the past was brought back to him with startling suddenness and reality. For in a circle of blue fire which sprang np from tho ground at his feet he beheld the face of a woman, pale and sod < in its beauty, the laughter gone from the dark eyes, the dimples from the sweet red month, but unmistakably the face of the woman he had so fondly loved, his wife who yet was not his wife, Leonie ! CHAPTER H. Just for a few brief seconds the boantifol pale fac4 evolved itself from the murky at mosphere and then was gone. But in Everard Sinclair's mind no donbt was possible. He did not stop to reflect, to reason with himself, and recall his own pre-occnpation with Lconio's image, the length of time which had elapsed since he had last seen her, or the uncertainty of the light. A flash of bine fire in a London fog, and lo, out of the dead past he had conjured up the image of the woman for whom his soul had hungered so long 1 It was Leonie or her ghost he told himself wildly as, crying aloud her name, he groped with out stretched hand in the direction of the vision. But liis eager hands embraced nothing hut stifling fog; and the gibing voices, of the street boys, as they prepared other spectral fires on the kerbstones, struck in muffled discord upon his straining ears. She must have gone on across the road and up tho street, he told himself. He even imagined, as he dashed in that direction, that he' could distingnish before him, almost within arms' reach, a slight female figure in a long black cloak, her outline blurred by the all-pervading fog. "Leonie, Leonie, turn baok! It is I — Everard, Sinclair." Whither or how far he hurried in pur suit he could not tell; bnt always he re tained the fixed idea that the woman he sought was ahead of him, and that in a few strides he would overtake her. Once in deed his fingers grasped what seemed like a cloak ; but immediately it was v reached from his hand, and blundering in tho dark ness his foot slipped over the kerb at the moment when a hansom cab, driveni hy a muddled, and gimdazed ..driver, collided with a lamp-post, and dashed on to the pavement. A stunning blow, which felled him to the ground, a sensation of acute pain which was speedily merged in, insensibility, rwere his next impressions ; but before total . uncon sciousness supervened, he could hear con fused shouts, the cabman swearing and ex culpating himself to a policeman, and above all, the sweet dominant note of a woman's voice, which was as musio to his ears. ' " Here is his address I Now help to lift him into the cab,' and l will take him home!" \ . Major-General Sinclair, Everard's father, was a slightly-bullt,' giuy-moiistached -vete ran of sixty; a widower who had closed a 'brilliant, army,,, career, and whose entire hop« wore, centred In his son. i , 'At A little before twelve o'clock on thiB 'foggy night he was .stiff sitting up for him in a smoking-jacket And slippors before the library fire... At length a ring at the bell heralded Everard's return. , The, old officer heard ' the 'oponing of the front "door, then tho shuffling of feet in tho hall, and an ex clamation of dismgy from the butler. Limp ing a little as he leaned." on. his stick, Ev»- rard's father hurriedly threw open the study door and passed into- tho hall, to find him self face to faoe, not with his son, but with a hospital nurse, wrapped. in a long, dark cloak, her neat black . bonnet with white strings emphasising tho extreme pallor of her face. . "You are Mojor-General Sinclair,, are you not?" she asked, addressing him in tones of singular sweetness. " Your son has met with an accident. He was .knocked .down by a cab in the ,fog. Don't bo too much alarmed 1 The doctor will he here al most immediately, and I think ho will be able to reassure you. I myself do not bq- lieve there is any immediate.. danger, but your son is badly bruised and stunned, and I fear the right arm is broken. . I was close hy when ho was knocked down, and find ing his card in his pocket, I. brought, him home." . , "My boyl my poor boy 1" the old soldier murmured a little later, .hs he' bent over the inanimate form and white drawn face of his only son. "There is no danger,' doctor? You are sure of that?" "There is a good deal of fever, and he is badly knocked about,"- the doctor said. " Bat now that his arm is set, rest and quiet and good nursing are all he requires. You can't do better than engage Nurse Clare, who brought him home. She was a long time with us at St. Barnabas' Hospital, and she is one of the cleverest and most careful nurses we have ever had." _ " She seems an exceedingly nice' woman, and most gentle with my poor boy. Is it Miss or Mrs. Clare?" "Really, I can't tell you I. Mrs., I think; I have an idea that she is a widow. Bnt Nurse Clare is what wo always call her. I .will call again the first thing to-morrow morning. Meantime, General, : I should strongly advise you to go to bed. You can't do your son any good by sitting up, and Nurse Clare will look after him." But Everard's father was far too anxious on his son's account to take rest. In his dressing gown and slippers he crept' to the door .of his son's room more than once in the night, always to find installed near the invalid s bedside the slight figure of Nurse Clare in a dark stuff gown and snowy apron, and a cap which framed a face no longer young, but of a gentle, restful beauty. The nurse's plentiful hair, wavy and silky as that of a young child, was already , gray, and under her lustrous dark eyes were hollows that told of mental and phy sical pain. In' her voice and touch, ond .in the steady sweetness of her regard, there .existed a wonderful charm of magnetism and sympathy. " I am suffering with you, for , I have suf fered too," was the look in her face, and Everard's father was even more alarmed than touched when, as he crept to tho; open . door of his son's room, . ho found Nurse Clare gazing intently on Everard's ; uncon- . Bcious face, while big tears rolled sileiitly down her cheeks. . "Why do .you cry?" whispered the old , gentleman, almost fiercely, as he laid , his hand upon the woman's shoulder. " Is it because you think that he will die?" Clearly his abrupt- question startled her; hut she dried her eyes arid ariswere'd'him in level tones of extreme sadness : . " It is not that. I am sure he will get well. But your ' son is very like — someone whom I knew years ago — whom I lost, and who was very dear to me." _. "Ahl your husband?" She looked at him in surprise a moment. Then she bowed her head. "Yes, my husband!" " Poor girl, poor girl !" _ He patted her shoulder kindly,- and limped out, considerably comforted. . She .was probably a woman of between thirty and forty, he decided;, bat she must have been wonderfully pretty in her youth. She wonld certainly tako care of his son all the more, since he resembled her dead hus band. Poor little woman! . CHAPTER HI. !' It's all'thaliks to you, Nurse Clare, that I have got well so soon." " Thanks to a splendid constitution and & capital doctor, rather. And then I must .say yotf have been a very good patient." "Are not all your patients good? Why, there isn't anything you tell me to do. that I wouldn't do 1" V . ,A flush passed over, the 'nurse's pole face. "Now I shall tell you not.to talkl" she said. "You want, rest and sleep, to build you up. You. musn't excite yourself hy talking." ; Aff right,- Nurse ! Give your orders, arid I'll obey. Tell me to go to sleep, and sit over there with your work- or book, and -I ask nothing bettor than to look at you." "Oh! No more- talking please I" . She took the seat he had pointed out and bent her head over her. work, trying to ap pear unconscious of her patient's silent scru tiny. At length a deep-drawn sigh from Everard' made her put her work' down- and look across at him inquiringly. "Is there anything you wont?" she asked in anxious tones. " Yes ; I want you to listen to ine. ' Can't yon Bit nearer, and let mo' hold your hand, as I used to when' I had the fever? Your touch calms me,- and holps me to collect my thoughts. "There— that's better!' Now you musn't stop me, for I have something 'on my mind which must be spoken 1 It waa right after all, that yon should have brought me homo and nursed me back to strength; for do you know it was through you' that my accident happened?". "Through, mo?" . . "Yes. I was walking home froiri a friend's house, where I'd been dining. Sud denly, in a circle 'of blue light the street boys were playing with I saw a face— your face it was, as I know' now. . But I thought —I thought it was the' face of someone elsel" ... . " Someone you were very fond of?" She breathed the words rather than said 'them. . . , " Someone.! loved with nll my heart and soul 1 . My wile." , . . "Your wife! Ah, you .were married seven years ago, were you not? I saw it in the papers." "Sly marriage was nevir in the papers, and it took place not seven years ago, but ten. The Everard Sinclair, who was mar ried seven years ago to Lady Mary Clee- t-horpe was my first cousin. Why, nurse, how white you look! And your hand iB trembling 1 What is the matter?" " Nothing 1 I am a little tired. Let me go back to my old place; I get the air from the door there. Now go on with your story, pleased Is your wife— dead?" "I can't tell. There's the terrible part of it. Hardly anyone oven knows that I was married. Within a week my wife was taken from ine, and I havo looked for her vainly ever. since. You will laugh, Nurse Clare, but by that foggy light, seeing teur face suddenly, I thought I had found her at last, and that you were she?" ."Am I so' very like, her?" " Like and yet not like. . She, my Leonie, was a girl, riot 18 ; she would only be1 about Seven and twenty now. She hud' im enor mous mass of ourly dork hair, the longest and finest I ever saw, and a skin like a peaoh. Her figure was plump and wonder fully pretty, and she was the gayest, mer riest creature you con imagine, singing and laughing from morning till night. We were like a couple of children. But aff this was ten years ago." "Ybb. People change with time," she said. quietly.' "But what do you mean hy saying she was taken from you? How can anyone separate husband and wife?" : His brows knit. " Unluckily, she was French," .ho said. "We were staying at a country house. 6he was schoolfellow. to one. of .the girls. The moment I saw her I fell madly in love with her; and the loved me too, though at first she was too. much afraid of her parents to own it. I wrote to them to ask their com. sent, for nothing would contont-me bnt an immediate marriage.. But old Mons. Du- pont, her father; "Was" a self-made man— a. wealthy merchant, with no ideas but money- making and an. inveterate hatred against tho English. Leonie. waa his only daugh ter, and ho refused my offer in mast in sulting terms, and ordered his daughter horiie m a week. I knew nothing of French law, and I took no one's advice, but I got a special license, and we were married se- oretly -at Wythinge Church, not far from Folkestone. Then wo wrote to her people ; my mother was dead, and my father was fighting in Zulaland, so that I conld not consult mine. Monsieur Dupont gave me no reply, but a telegram, informing me that the marriage .was by French law illegal and void, as the consent of L4onie's parents had been refused, and demanding the instant return of his daughter. "Need I tell you that I didn't under stand, and couldn't and wouldn't believe it, or L£onie either? I left her at Wythinge, and hurried up to' town, having telegraphed to my lawyer to meet me for a consriltation. To my amazement and horror I found- it was perfectly true. Outrageous us it seems to our English ideas, French subjects can not he legally married at short notice with out the consent of thoir parents! Love or liking is set aside in the case of that unfor tunate nation. The young man or woman must wait until their parents and guardians have well studied ,the monetary aspects of the proposed /match, and when they have done haggling, and not before, Romeo is free to meet his Juliet, always in the pre sence' of their respective guardians I " To old Dupont the fact that his daugh ter was already the wife of the man she loved was nothing ; the fact that she was heiress to his scraped-up thousands of francs, and had thrown them away upon an Englishman without, fortune, was every thing/ "When I returned to my littlo.home at Wythinge, it was empty! My wife had been stolen from me by her father and mother, arid from that day. to this, Nurse Clare, I have never, seen her face. Do you wonder that I refuso to marry? How could I tako another woman as my wife while in my secret heart I feel convinced 'my Leonie is olive? "For. three years I songht her, bnt the Duponts kept her .close, and swore to me she had entered a convent. At last, in de spair, I went abroad, as you know, risk ing my life , for the sake of the movement and excitement of travel in a savage coun try. - But the thought of my little lost wife lias never left me, sna the reason why I delight to look at yon 'arid obey you, the reason why I am, as yon call me, such a good patient, is just that, by some accident, your, voice rind yofcr face remind me won derfully of her. As you ' bend your head now by this light it might be Leonie . " "A much. older and sadder woman than your Lfionie, Mr. Sinclair 1" Of course," he returned dreamily,- with his eyes still fixed upon her face. " And yet — why are you trembling? And why are your eyes filled with, tears? Answer me, and don't run .'away, Nurse- " " I — I have to soe about your beef-tea and — : " Stop !" he cried, springing suddenly up from his pillows, regardless of bis bandaged arm. "For mercy's sake, don't go! Ldonie Sinclair, Nurse Clare 1. And you thought I had forgotten and had married ' again ! What a blind fool I have been ! Leonie, my wifo, come to me !" For a moment sho stood by the door, hesi tating, with her hands tightly clasped over her heart, a slender, pathetic-looking figure in her nurse's' dress, with' her sad dark eyes and prematurely gray hair. Then she knelt hy the bedside of her patient, and drawing his uninjured hand between both hers,' held .it against her cheek, which was wet with tears." ' \ "Dearest!" she whispered. "I am not . worth loving now. . . Bnt, thank God, I have lived to meet you again, and to know you were true to mo all these long, weary years 1 I was kept in. a convent until my father's death. Then I'escaped to England, hoping to find you, only to read, as I thought, of your marriage. . I will not tell you how , bitterly- T . suffered ! I . resolved toj-'devote my life toothers; but' in nursing a smallpox case I fell ill, and when I recovered my colour was gone, my hair was gray. I was an old woman in appearance at five/and twenty!' For all that, I used/ to long for a sight of your face, hut I never dreamed that you would recognise me, changed as I am ; and when we came face to face in the fog that night,, arid you called my name, I ran away from' you. I thought you wore . married, again, you .see, and I conld not bear .that you should see my pale face and gray hair. And' then, my darling, came your .accident and the immense joy to me of / nursing you, my husband, a joy beyond my wildest hopes. I wonld never have told you, though, if you had not found out for yourself it was I. I would have gone back to my work and — — " " And now your work in life is to make mo happy, my dear one, as mine is to cherish you As soon as I can crawl about, we will be married all over again, in Eng land, in France, in every country in Europe, if you like 1 I don't mean to lose you a . second-time I Send for my father. He will be nearly as happy as I. But kiss me first, my L4onie, my wife!" . And so Everard's friend,- Travers, won his bet; for . Major-General Sinolair'B son and heir was not only , engaged but married be fore, tho : end of the year. 