BIOT, MUTINY, Affl ATTACKS BY SAVAGES. Mutiny, tvor, attempted murder, attacks by . savages, escapes from sliipwreck, three es caped convicts as stowaways, and numerous accidents - mark ' the trip of the steamer Dolphin, from; New York to San Francisco ; as one of-the most remarkable mnde in many ' years from the, east to ; the ; west coast of America. - ' . At one time half, the crew was in irons, and at another many of the firemen and coal- passers had to take refuse in the rlggliig, while the negro cooks and stewards stood below with fire axes ready to cut awny the standing rigging, and allow the masts to go by the board," and drown the' whites. The military authorities at Coronel quelled that . disturbance, and six of'the ringleaders are now Berving'tlme.in the Coronel calaboose, one \- of the vilest prisons on the face of the earth. After getting, rid of the ringleaders there was .very little trouble on the ship. , The Dolphin was formerly the steamer A1 Foster, and for years she has feen considered one of the fastest excursion boats in New York harbour. She was purchased by the owners of the Rosalie for the Senttle-Sknguay trade, and Captain John A. O'Brien and Pur ser L. F. Ilum'e were sont Fast to bring' the vessel to the coast. The Dolphin is not built for ocean travel,; so she had to he-strengthened throughout before the- inspectors of hulls and boilers would let her leave port. Then Cap- fain O'Brien had considerable difficulty In se curing a crew for the long voyage, nnd in or der to make up his complement had -to ship men 'he would never have' taken in nny other circumstances. Some of the men did not show .-. up on sailing day, and -their places were taken . by San Luclun negroes. Then the trouble be- ; gall. On May 1 the Dolphin sailed from New York for Shn Francisco. Off Cape Hatteras a vio- \- lent storm 'was passed through, which tested j tlie weatlierly qualifies of the ship lo -the ut- ( most nnd satisfied tlie crow that she could live an any kind of weather. The forecastle, how ever, proved .to be almost uninhabitable, owing <to tlie quantity of water that found its way below through the ventilators. So Captain O'Brien brought all the forward hands on the upper deck and gave them staterooms to live In- This act -of . humanity afterward almost proved -the undoing of all the white men on board. After a run of nine days Saint Lucia, In the West Indies, was reached, and the vessel was coaled. On May U a start for Montevideo was made and up to that time not a sign of trouble had developed among the crew. Soon, after getting under neigh three stowaways were found In the steward's department. It was then blowing a gale, and the captain could not put back- to land them. It would have been better for nil bands had lie done so. The next day one of the men who had been shipped at Saint Lucia recognised the men. One, lie said, was a notorious bandit. -. Another was an escaped murderer, and tlio third was a lunatic. Captain O'Brien's in formant had bec-n a policeman in (lie Bar- badoes, and lie said there wns a hue and cry all over the West Indies after these men. - cnief Steward Edward Palmer, reinforced by .these desperadoes, now began to show himself. The third day out lie got Into a squabble with a fireman named M'Alllster, and nearly killed him wltli a lienvy chair. Palmer is a burly negro, and had not the en- V glneers driven' him off with their pistols lie would have assuredly killed the fireman. As It was six slltciies had to be put in tlie fireman's scalp, and lie' was laid up for the remainder of the. voyage. From tlint time .on there was nothing but trouble abonrd, and several times the blacks arose and at- . tempted to overpower the whiles. \ \- , ' ' f - A DOZEN IN IRONS. When the Dolphin arrived at Montevideo there were a dozen Saint Liteians in irons, while the chief steward had been disrated and was under surveillance. Captain O'Brien appealed to the United States Consul at Mou lt evldeofot' assistance. lie wanted to leave bis mutinous inen ashore, but the C.onsul would not have It that way, and said he must take the men to the first American port, which meant, to all intents and purposes, the ship's destination. Soori after leaving Montevideo the Dolpliiu ran into a gale, and everything mov able on deck was washed away. On reach ing Punto Arenas, at the entrance to the Straits of Magellan, they found that the town had nearly been wiped out of existence by the Patagonians. The natives had made a de scent upon the place, killed fourteen of the Chllano soldiers, and set fire to the buildings. 'A delegation came out from the post, and af ter telling their woes to Captain O'Brien aslt- \- ed'for some firearms and powder. The cup- -taln- presdn-ted tlieni with a tlii-ee-inch gun- and a quantify of ammunition. In return the Chilanos sent two boatloads of fruit, vege- tablesi-and fresh meat. , . The passage through the Straits was at- t tended with many risks, and twice the ship was swept from stem to stern. The williwas. came down from tlie mountains and almost carried the ship to destruction on more than one occasion. During the last hurricane two steers and their pens, which had been pre sented to the ship by the Chilanos at Punta, Arenas, were washed overboard, and that end ed the supply of fresh meat. FUEGANS MAKE TROUBLE. "When the western, end of the Straits was reached, instead of- standing out to sea, Cap- /tain O'Brien turned into Smyth Channel. The Terra del Fuegans now began to make trouble. "There was trouble enough on board,. God knows," said Purser Hume, "but these natives kept our hearts iii our mouths all the time. The second night we were in Smyth Channel the alarm of lire was raised. There was a small blaze aft, which we soon put out, but after that there was no sleep at nights for anyone. The Terra del Fuegans keep a lire in their canoes all the year round, and when the father dies or Is incapacitated , tlie son takes up the Job of keeping he flame alight, 'At night they steal up alongside a ship, and, lighting a torch at the lire, they sOently throw It through a porthole. Should the vessel catch lire they make an attack while all hands are engaged In fighting the flames, and if the lire has gained any headway the end comes sooner or later. The sailors are either slaughtered while escaping In the boats or are murdered aboard the vessel. A year ago a Chilian gun boat was set afire by these miscreants, . and every one of the crew was butchered. "The next night we wove ready for the red devils from the 'Land of Fire.' The chief en gineer had all the r.ictol sl.-iv.chions and every piece of Iron- that the natives could touch If liicyr' attonijitcd to conic aboard connected with' the dynamo, anil the current was kept going all night long. One native touched u live 'wire, but all we know about the matter was the shriek of ageny that came:up out of the darkness. For four days and nights wo ..vera on the rack. During the day the natives would conie alongslde and want to trade, but we'- lccpt . them off. At night they -liovered around us like silent spectres, and on many an occaslori.thero was a cry of fire and a rush to put out a lighted brand that had' come aboard from the; darkness. 1 . ' '"An hour before wo left Smyth Channel the natives enme alongside, and one of the men bought a small pig for four empty tomato tins and a jack-knife. He got tlio porker aboard alright, but as he was leading it for ward to thd slaughter It got away. . A pig hunt fallowed, but after knocking every table in the dining saloon down nnd mixing up every man on the.Bliip, the porlcor made his escape through a side port, and was picked up by jtlie waiting Terra del Fuegans. The man who made the purchase swears the animal was trained. He never Baw his pig or his tomato cans again. . . . NEGROES RUN AMUCK. ' "We arrlvcd-at Coronel on June 14, and then the trouble aboard broke out Into an open rupture., "It rained all that dtiy. and no coal ing could be done. Tlio firemen and coal- passers seized tlio opportunity to got drunk, and the negro cooks and waiters followed suit. When tlio . two met on the main deck there was a clash,- arid the negroes got the worst of It. They soon turned the . tables, however. .They seized the fire axes, and dared thp whiten t o eomo on. . Led by the chief steward tno Saint Lucinns drove the firemen and coal- p'nssers Intp the rigging. The negroes then began cutting the ship's decks nnd standing rigging, so Cnptnin O'Brien sent ashore in a hurry -for! assistance.. .. ' , "United States Consul J. Henry Downs ap pealed to the authorities, and tliey sent a train 30 miles into the interior for a detachment of troops. The troops arrived n few hours Inter, and w ere sent aboard the Dolphin, where they had a hard time of It subduing the mutineers. Chief Steward Palmer and live more of tlio ringleaders wore taken ashore nnd locked lip in the calaboose. ' Among the ..ringleaders wore tlio bandit, the murderer, and the sup posed ciazy mail. They were tried nn June' 37, and each of them was given 'thiea months in the mines, which is equal to three years' penal servitude in the United States. , Had the ringleaders been sent back aboard by the authorities not an officer would have gone out on her, as the Saint Lucinns liad evidently made nil 'their plans lo capture the vessel and murder the .whites. "While. -in part some of U3 determined to take a run ashore. Such a place I have never seen in my life. . One half of the people are lepers, anfl the other half are murderers nnd ouf.-tl>roats. They kill for the sake of killing, anil .a man with a decent suit on has nor a ghost. of a show. for his life If he appears on tlie streets nfter dark. When we went ashore Consul Downs advised us to go armed and keep a close look out.. He said: that three days before he had been attacked, and had to 1:111 the would-be nssassln in self-defence, FELL AMONG CUT-THROATS. "To explain what follows I have to go back to New York. George G. Carroll, the second assistant engineer, is the owner of a fine re volver which he had loaned to a friend. It ( was returned to him on sailing day, loaded, and all ready for use, apparently. When we went ashore Carroll put this gun in his hip pocket, and I did the same with mine. On our ivuy back to tlio ship I was a little in ad vance ari.l hurrying. Suddenly something dropped beside Carroll, and when he looked over his- shoulder he saw a dozen leprous- looking natives coming toward hliri, .while In the wooden sidewalk at his feet quivered a long knife with a short yellow handle. Car roll at once drew his gfm and threatened the crowd wltli It. They foil back a few paces and he started on his way to the hunt again. The natives then started for him on the run, and Carroll attempted to fire Ills pistol into the mob. Five times he snapped the trigger and, five times the gun refused to go off. With a cry of 'muclio malo' the natives made for Carroll with their knives' drawn. . \ "Luckily, a few seconds before, I had made a remark to Carroll, and getting no answer had turned around to see what was tlie matter. Seeing tlie peril my comrade was in, I at once ran to Ills assistance, and fired two shots Into the crowd. - Two men fell, and .'.hat stopped their advance. While they were consulting we turned and ran nnd the natives followed. At the next corner I fired another shot into them, and Carroll snapped his use less gun five times more. To make a long story short, we got aboard In safety', and not a man ventured nshore again while the vessel wns in port. Ail Investigation of Carroll's pistol showed that Ills friend had, broken the. . pin oil' the hammer, and the'gun was us use- loss as a piece of scrap Iron. "From Coronel 'to San Francisco ihe ne groes, being without their leaders, be haved,, themselves, but there Is not a man among the whites aboard the Dolphin who would repeat that trip for a fortune." 