„ Rudyard Kipling. (By Alexander -Sutherland, M.A.) It is riot at all unlikely that scores of thousands of pounds will be collected as the proceeds of Rudyard Kipling's re cent verses; and this result, unexampled -in literature, recalls .vividly to our minds what a virile force that single intellect is in the^curr.ent story of our race. Pie is a power behind the Throne and the Cabinet and Parliament ; for behind all these is the heart of the people, and that heart is deep in^thrall to the magic of the' 'young Anglo-Indian. Far as the empire 'extends his influence is felt; his lines ring in men's 'ears : 'his thoughts go bounding in their pulses; and hi; emotional fervor help's in the making of their history. The strains of Tyr taeus, sung to the flute by the march ing Spartans, -inspired .a' iew thousand of a .primitive race to the, desperate valor which leads to conquest. Korner, with his 'Lyre and .Sn- pi'd,' filled the breasts of the Germans in their up rising against -Napoleon'1 with a, perfect frenzy of patriotism ; and his verses, though their literary skill is flight, have had their own significant share' in producing that German solidarity .which is destined to piny so large a part in the coming century. But by far the most potent of this tribe of patriotic singers is in. our 'miclbt at this very hour, ani mating the' Anglo-Saxon '-hosts to the 'dominance which 'seems within their grasp. Nor1 has he been a martial singer only.- ' He seems to have the knack of sympathy with every form of gallant en deavor, and he has put heart into1 the seaman, the pioneer, and even the peaceful artificer. And yet his suc cess is due quite as much to hi* limita tions as to his powers. If he had come among us With a cultured style, a noble cast of thought, or a new message to be delivered to the race, he never could have wielded' in his lifetime all this hugely potent influence. But he write? the language of the streets, lending it a new incisiveness, and his thoughts arc the thoughts of the man ,in the street. Even when a full, free breath of poetry flows, as it sometimes does, through his verses, the' sentiment he expresses are only the ordinary man's- opinions, felicitously put. This is not a., .pe riod of high-class literary taste in Eng land. As one of the leading publish ers told me when I was in London, what the public want is 'competent me diocrity.' To a most unusual degree Kipling satisfies this requirement, for his prevailing characteristic is his su premely competent mediocrity. He j has no ideals to preach to which the j homliest heart in the regiment might ! not respond. The daring imagiha- j tion which carried Shelley out of him- j self, into worlds the common man never cares to enter is not for Kipling : though he sometimes, as in ''Tomiifl' son's Ghost,' has suggestion of it. The deep devotion- of Wordsworth to the beauty and the tenderness of Nature is never' seen in this our vouafirest master-! singer. The joy of Keats in the weav ing of fair words ; the mission of Ten nyson to encourage the lofty mind and the cultured gentleman type : the pas sion of Browning for subtle analysis of character — all these, and everything else that is foreign to the life of the ordinary man are, fortunately for Kip-' ling, absent from his motive and his work. The Rev. Charles Clirk once told me that one of the great secrets of popular lecturing is , never to tell the people .much that they: didn't know before. The average audience can stand only a little- that is new. Express what everybody thinks, but express it better than he can for him self. Describe what everybody knows, but make him know' it more vividly than ever before', and your success is assured. Rudyard Kipling is the su preme master of this art ; and his re ward will be that a big place awaits him 'in British history. Whether he' will hive a first-class place in English literature is a' wholly different matter. He came at an opportune time in our national st'bry. Twenty' years before our. empire seemed to be growing flab by and loose-jointed. There was a chance that the fabric had reached its culminatiok, arid was likely to* break away into fragments of slender impor tance. Then trfe reaction set in. A tide of Imperialistic fervor began, to rise. Everybody struggled ? ? with inarticulate thoughts'. A few were giving them voice and slowly shaping them for action, when -in' came the youth from India with his incomparable directness and pi quancy of btyie. Just at that time two circumstances conspired to make his welcome very wide — so wide as to be practically universal. First of all, the Board Schools in England had poured into the field of readers a hugh army of people anxious for literature, but not cultured— capable of ' appreciating strength, but -caring little about refine ment -or elegance of style. Kipling's work had' with them the power to bite. His forceful use of the better sorts of slang: his reckless resoluteness to pick: the word that suited him, often at the expense of good taste, sometimes even in violation ofc decency ; and; in his verses, the familiar swing of the music hall rhythms, combined to suit ' this class. And then, on the other hand,'! the educated ,wcre ready for a spell of ! reaction from the culture school, that' had' lorded it over the reading world ? so long. Tennyson's elegance, Rus kinJs art fervour, Matthew Arnold's j dillellante graces, all the excellences of 'these and so many other very super ior persons had for a while been grow ing less acceptable. The average Bri ton, at heart a Philistine, felt inclined to exclaim 'Confound your culture ;j let's havG a little low life.''' He wa» like the man who has' for months, been1 in humanely condemned to ten-course dinners, 'and feels How happy he could be with a steak and a pint, of porter. The educated classes were in; that mood in which .the advent of a -Burns or a| Dickens is gladly welcomed '.to take literature for. a while but of its starched shiit and its frock-coat and put it in -a homely garden suit. In consequence of his own great gifts and the opportuneness of his coming, Kipling has achieved a popularity un p'arallelcd in' the history of literature. But in the interests of literary taste and sober-mindedness ' let us beware of over-estimating hi's^placc. 'The -more we overdo '.our. admiration', the j quicker, and the more, merciless will be | the. reaction. Kipling at present' en- i joys a, vogue far beyond, .those of! Tennyson and of Dickens ' combined. - This one recent poem of his* has brought in more money than Thackeray ever earned with all his work, or George Eliot, with all her fine array of masterpieces. Yet no serious per son would for a moment compare him with any one (of the four; and it is often seen that these qualities of per fect adaptability to the times, which give the greatest popularity, are not those that make the most abiding re- j piitation. Byron suited his age, and 1 was the worshipped star. ? Shelley wrote for succeeding ages, and was in visible to the naked eye ; but Byron has waned, and Shelley has waxed,' un til now. their relative positions are quite reversed. The fact is that, while Kip ling's work is the finest possible of its class, it by no means belongs to ' a high -class. It bears the same j;ela ticfri to true literature tfiat a good inelo drama beats to Shakspeai'e, or a light opera to 'the work of ,the great com posers. No matter how, popular may be the music of- 'Pinafore' and ''The Mikado'— no. matter how wide exten ded may be the pleasure -they give',' no matter' iow Harmless or even beneficial their effect^— they never place Sir- Ar- thur Sullivan among the ' immortals. Nor can any amount of success in ! writing 'Barrack-room Ballads' or ''Plain Tales 'from the Hills' lift a -Kip- ling into the level of a Tennyson or ai Thackeray., On- the Other hand, jut i's j only faii; to notice that there are 'in d i- j cations of many sorts to suggest -that ? Kipling may yet accomplish work on a . higher level of artistic merit. Every] year has seen a certain progress in the quality of his poetry. Tlie' 'Depart- mental Ditties' are,' wish one excep tion, of the poorest stuff, and I thought I it 'an excellent sign of his growing) taste when his agent i-n London told me that he had been commissioned by: the poet .to sec if the ?copyright' could | be bought back from - Sir George i Newnes, who holds it. Kipling wished ! Jto suppress this boyish production' of precocious jingles, and it is hardly ' to the credit of the wealthy publisher ; that he insists uoon keeping it alive. ' Kipling's second volume of verse, call ed -'Barrack Room Ballads.' while in general of the same class, has work that rer.ches a wholly better level: and his third, entitled 'Seven Seas.' contains no pieces of the commoner class, while it has many- that riseluHtioiitifedly frfto the regibii of t'rtle poetry.; In. such* a pallad as that descriptive of .England' as - the mother of pioneers there 'is a splendid breath of the old ballad style. - It be gins : f'There dwells an old wife by the wes tern gate, And a weary wife is she. She5 breeds a breed ,of roving men, Arrd casts them over-sea.' Indeed, it may b'e said of Kipling- that no one in our century has been so fully possessed by the spirit of the old bal- j lad writer^. ' Scdrt, Southey, Words- j worth and Longfellow wrote beautiful j poems i 15 'ballad' style, but they are all j only exquisite imitations. Kipling's'is the' real thing, and there is this great difference in his favor — they go? back to old themes in hopes of getting the ancient inspiration, yet their treatment is' e=?entiallv modern. Kipling seize? a modern subject, and handles it without mediaeval affectation ; yet the breath of the verses .seems to be that of a primi tive time. There is a wonderful in stance of this in that very fine ballad beginning — 'LghxI sang the souls of the jolly, jolly marinets.'' It argues well for a promtcing future which we would al] wish well to see that in his later piece? of the last four years, scattered through periodicals and not yet gathered into any volume, Kipling reaches a still higher standard. When we see them all collected, and each lends coii^rrtenance to. each, we may acquire add itiVuml re spect for his work. We shall all be glad perhaps, to add a. solid respect to the hearty liking we now confess. As' a writer of short stories Kipling has hit the nail oh the head.wftrh great success over and over again. Vfchether humorous or pathetic, or merely^ de TTneative, they possess a wonderful grip : and nb' one -who reads' ''Baa 33aa BI&& Sheep,' or 'The Drums of the Fore anc?, Aft,' or the sketches of those whimsi cal rascals, the 'Soldiers Three.'' car. ever forget how their raciness woke him up to a keen satisfaction..' It is true' that' some of the Indian stories leave 'an unpleasant flavor 111 the mouth ;that the humor crosses the border occasionally I into vulgarity; that the realism passes j into lamkinism and profanity; that the pathos, even as wi£h JJickens.'has a trick of turning into sentimentality arid' I often fails in that manliness 'which,, j with a few exceptional cases, keeps all' 1 the path'bs of Shakspearc in healthy I .tone. Nevertheless they are full of i emotional quality, and surfer little from that fatal dry rot of things artistic — ?the commonplace. We -often hear al | lusions to- the genius of Kipling, 'but . it sceins to me that- he is,' less charac j terized by genius than by extraordi i nary cleverness. . 'When lie addresses j himself ' to a subject he shows a won l derful tact in seizing the heart 'of it, I and' a finished skill in choosing the ! point of view that will interest the rea i cter most. His precision of attack and his rough felicity of diction complete I the success thus. prepared for. But j all these qualities belong rather ' to I smartness and competence than to ! that deeper and more permanent gift which we vaguely call jreriius. From his free use of tlie vernacular, Kipling is often compared with Burns; yet there is no' real analogy. Kipling may, in his own way, rival the l'T\va Briga' or' Holy Willie's/Prayer,' but/ he has produced 'notli-ing in any way to be. compared with the ''Cqttar's Saturday Night/'' or to such a lyric as ''To Mary in Heaven. '' ' The student of Burns is impressed by weight and strength. He feels his 'mind drinking in frum a lar ger arklvwider mind. The student of -KipHng feels ' impressed rather by smartness and point. His mind is kept amused and lively by a 'quicker and ' clfeverer mind, w'ide'' though ?? tho range may be 'over which Kipling 'has displayed his power, he nowhere shows the, 'depth of passion, the tender per ception of beauty, tiie perfect capaci ty for purest lyric melody,, that^ have given to the /Scottish peasant -do' 'last ing a cbmmanc! over the' human: heart. No, nor anything iii the least like these qualities. ' ? - And yet', when all is .said — whether tlie genius which here and*1 there shows in screaks through Kipling's work1 is destined' to be in fulness of time pre-; dominant in it, or whether he is, to be only the perfection of music-hall 'smartness, with, patches of better work — the fact Remains that. he is at pre sent a mighty influence in- our Empire^ And who, is there but -envies him the possession of that potent touch upon the moods of an Imperial race ? Pos terity may not endorse our golden opiri .ions, but history will have to relate how he gave articulate' voice to the. impe rialistic feeling when it , was yet na scent, and formless, and how he filled the souls of our kindred over all the' lands and every, sea with a- spirit ? that is' bound to lead to the happiest re sults for Anglo-Saxo'ndom, and thence, let us hope, for the world. Whether his name is to shine with those of the immortal bards we can hardly yet pre dict; but this so far is certain — that history will record how in the opening, of the twentieth century he stood forth as beyond mistake the true Tyrtaeus of the English race. 