CLEANED OUT A CIRCUS Major Henry A. Newman broke into another of his characteristic stories tho lust timo ho was iu town, says tho ' St. Louis Republic.' This is the way ho told it, and thore woro presout half a dozo'n to vouch for its truthfulness. ' Away back in 58 or 59 thoro lived an old fellow by tho namo of Sumptcr, who was a neighbour of mine. Ho had been in the Creek war under Gen. Jackson, and ono of his relatives had been killed in tho massacre at. Fort Minims. He had a great and undying hatred of Indians, and was very bitter in his denunciation of them at all times. Ho was tall, iron grey, and well preserved for his ago. Ho mado tubs, half-bushel measures, &c;, and made a mere living at thiB occupation. I gave tho old man the title of ' Goneral ' of which he was very proud. ' Frank Perrine, a neighbour of mine, who lius since died, and myself, opened our hearts and hands and agreed to ' take tho General ' to a circus at my town, Huntaville, Mo. Wo purchased tho tickets and eave him somo odd ehango to buy lemonade. Tho ' Goneral,' Frank and myself took a lower seat. Now, the circus had a detachment of about twenty Indians, who camo in with war paint and feathers and danced the green corn, tho ghost dance, and other Indian per formances, and then performed a scalping scone. ' It was very realistic. A white woman rodo into tho ring with an Indian holding a tomahawk and scalping knife in close pur suit. Round and round the ring thoy flow, tho Indian gaining on tho white maiden whoso black hair hung in glossy waves down her back. Sho acted her part woll, and was apparently much frightened. ' The Indian grabbed the woman and dragged her from the horse, threw her down, and scalped her. Ho held up tho wig, all dripping with blood— Venetian red. A thrill' of horror penetrated tho audience. General Sumpter's blood was up, and, before Frank ? and myself could restrain him, rushed into the ring and with his hickory stick felled tho ? Indian to .the ground. The remaining Indians closed around the 'General,' but his 'dander' was up. ' Tho Indians commenced falling asleep under his repeated blows as fast as they did at tho ' Horse Shoe.' Frank and myself rushed into tho ring to bring tho ' Goneral ' out. Tho crowd was yelling with delight, thinking it part of the show. Above the yells of the combatants could be heard tho loud laugh of Forked Eyed Adams, a well-known character from the Chariton divide, who could laugh bo loud that it was said it killed tho mosquitoes on the Chariton river a milo off. ' Ab Frank grabbed tho ' General ' a big burly showman knocked him down. The old clown made at me. I was an athlete in thoso days. I dodged him and gave him a right hander on the nose and sent him out of the ring. At that moment an Indian struck mo over tho head with a stuffed war club and Bent me to tho sawdust. The ' General ' sent him on top of mo with a club that was not stuffed. Several of our friends rushed in to help us, but the darned fool crowd yet belioved it part of thoshow.and were enjoying it hugely. Forked Eyed Adam's laugh wa3 heard above tho war cries of the Indians, and the old ' General ' was yelling at tho top of his voice, ' Hurrah for Gon. Jackson and Davy Crockett.' ' I finally got hold of tho clown, and Frank grabbed theGeneral.aud matters were adjusted without actual murder being com mitted. Frank carried away a black eye and I had a knot as big as a hanging bird's nest over my right ear. Tho next year wo declined to take the ' General ' to the circus.' 