The Adbertiser TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1900. THE CAMPAIGN IN VICTORIA. The Parliament of Victoria was dis-<*> solved by proclamation last Thursday, and the same evening the Premier opened the electoral campaign by an- flouncing the Ministerial iwliey at a meeting of his Baimsdale constituents. Mr. McLean's manifesto was lengthy and lucid. but distinctly commonplace. Omitting tlio somewhat elaborate jus tification of the administration of the past twelve months, with its accom panying eulogy of various Ministers, and the references to measures that are proposed for developing the sources of production as to which there is little difterenee of opinion, there were only three controversial topics intro duced. These were constitutional re form, economy in State administration, and an old-age pensions scheme, and the order hi which they were presented indicates the esmiate held of their re lative importance. The constitutional changes that are proposed include a re ductiou of the number of members of the Legislative Assembly from 95 to 80, and the Council from 4S to 40, re taining the present proportion of two to 1 for the respective Chambers. It is further intended to lower tlie quali fication of both electors and members of the Legislative Council to the basis of the ratepayers' rolL At present the 14 provinces which return members to the Council arc so large, and the quali fication is so high, that there are only elections in name, a contest being al most unheard-of, and Mr. McLean con tended that the proposed change would make that branch of the Legislature really representative and amenable" to public opinion. Keonomies are to be effected by lowering the salary of the Governor to £5,000 per annum, thereby saving £2,000 to begin with; decreas ing the number of Cabinet Ministers by three, which will not be difficult, seeing that the departments of Customs, Posts and Telegraphs, and De fence will be taken over by the Commonwealth; and reducing the number of members of Parliament by 23, the total saving being £8,500 per nnninn Under the old-age pensions scheme it is proposed to give a maxi mum of 7/ per week to approved appli cants, the amount being reduced by sixpence for every shilling a week that the pensioner has or earns, so that the total weekly income of any recipient of aid from this source shall not ex ceed 10/G. To obtain the required funds Mr. McLean proposes to utilise certain existing assets, including the greater part of a land assurance fund, and the proceeds of a "mallee lands" fund, which will form the nucleus of a pen sions fund, and to add the savings on Civil Service pensions as they occur, and the savings on certain loans, so that only a small charge will fall on the general revenue. Mr. McLean is ambitious to be known as a "vigorous" administrator. This was the characteristic which he pro mised his constituents would be in evi dence when he went to them for re election a year ago, and he claimed the other night that he had kept his word. His policy, however, scarcely merits such a description, especially when placed side by side with that of the Opposition. Sir George Turner, who opened the ball for his party on Friday evening, was the exponent of much bolder proposals. The rival schemes of constitutional reform are alike in one thing—that they aim to bring the political institutions of Victoria nearer to those of the Commonwealth. The Council, which was seen to be an anomaly long before the basis of the federal. Legislature was settled, lias been felt to be still more unendurable since that time, bnt the difficulty is in effecting any al teration of its character. Sir George Turner and his associates frankly ac cept the teachings of history, and find in the process by which the federal constitution was framed suggestions for dealing with that of the State. Hence the proposal for a Convention to deal with the whole question outside the arena of party politics, and the sub mission of the scheme so prepared to the rotes of the people by means of a referendum. This is the main plank in the platform of the Opposition, and nothing will divide the electors of Vic toria so sharply Into different camps as the question of how constitutional re form is to be brought about. Liberals of all shades are agreed as to the de-' sirableness and even the necessity -of the thing itself, and it is somewhat un fortunate that they should split on the ways and means. The division will, of course, give the Conservatives an op portunity of improving their position of which they will not be slow to take advantage, and the issue may affect the balance of power in relation to mat * ters of even greater importance. Pro tectionists and freetraders have their own battle to fight, and although "the settled policy of the country" is not on this occasion at stake, it will be the vital topic a few montiis hence, when the federal elections come on. That struggle is casting its shadow before, and its issue is not unlikely to be af fected by the result of the present campaign. Two reasons were assigned by Mr. McLean for objecting to the Conven tion proposal, and substituting for it a complete system of reform. One of these was that the Legislative Council would iii all probability refuse to pass a Convention Bill, and the other was the expense that would be incurred if that plan were adopted. He was san guine enough to believe that the Coun cil would agree to the reform he had sketched. Considering the attitude of the Council towards subjects of the same nature, this suggests a fair amount of optimism. The Council only yielded .the point of one man one vote after repeated refusals and extreme pressure; it has per sistently scouted adult suffrage, and has even rejected the pro posal for the reference of that ques tion to the electors. Neither of these proposals touched its own electorate in any way, and its action with regard to them significantly indicates how it might be disposed to treat any attempt to lay iconoclastic hands on itself and its privileges. To judge from ex perience, nothing but the clearest and most authoritative utterance of the popular will would have the ghost of a chance to move it from its determina tion to keep things as they are. Never theless, there are the strongest indica tions that even jthe Council stud its friends have at List made up their minds io ihe iuevitableness of reform. Compared with Sir George Turner's programme, that, submitted by the Pre mier appears quite moderate. The for mer aims at adult suffrage for both Houses, the solution of deadlocks l>y means of a impular referendum or joiut sittiu;:. and the extension of payment of members to tlie Council. Yet Mr. McLean, though lie goes no further than extension of tlie Council franchise to the ratepayers" roll—that is, to all occupiers of ratable property—is by this means seeking to give the vote to 210.000 out of 270.000 Assembly elec tors, and that is really a larger reform than household suffrage. It is thought that, even if with grimaces, the Coun cil would accept this scheme rather than risk the more radical alterations likely to be carried by a Popular Con vention. The significant point is that the moderate Liberals iu Victoria are demanding more than household suf frage, and the Conservative party are likely to yield. The outcome of the Victorian elections will be watched with deep interest in this colony, where similar questions arc |>endiug. The figut, however sharp, will be short, for the nominations are to take place on Wednesday, and the elections on November 1, and from various causes ijpnsiderable changes in the personnel of the Legis lature may be expected. 