SNAPSHOT SYDNEY. . [Br Sib. Macquauie.'] KECOONI6ING FEDKUAL BEIO. Tbe Bight Hon. Mr. Beid will to-uigbt (Monday) rceeive a splendid mounted address to recognise hia 'statesmanlike setvievs ia the okubq of Federation, at a time when intercolonial diplomnoy was of tbo most jealous and delicate condition. It is an fmtrageous thing to tbink that beoauso Sir Williitu Fijyne ia Premier and Mr. Barton per to bo the first Federal Premier — I hopu not — that Mr. Eeid did nothing in the great causp. Mr. Ili'id did tbe work of nowio£ in seaeon, and that penitent federal sinner, Sir W, Lyne, has, by a treacherous vote of tbe Libour Party, been reaping all the harvest and kudos, actually being K.C.M.G. d ovtr it. Bat tbe thinking public will not be ingratefpl at tbe Town Hall tc-night, where a [.largo assemblage will be sure to gieet Mr. Beid. A HIDDEN C0APTEB. . I do not forget tbe time when the Premiera met in Melbourne, virtually not t.) have Che capital in Sydney, even at the riek of New South Walea deserting the federation. Mr. ' Beid told the Premiers plainly that tbe capital must be in Sydney, and they docidedly objected. A deadlock ensued. They mpt again, and tbe Premiere proposed to meet Mr. B^id half way, by proposing that' the capitil should be in Nsw Sontb Wblep, bat one hundred miles outBide of it, on tho road fc.) Mel bourne. Mr. Beid knew the colonies would not agree to Sydney, and the very thing ho wanted, bb the next trump card to play, wob played right into hiB banu. Ho acted whilst a Barton would have gone on high falatin' and bluffing the public ivith honied words. Hia diplomacy Huccoeded, and cleared tbe way for tbe conclusion of tho Common wealth. We muot not forgot tbiB intricate chaptet in the history of tbe movement. Ifc io unfair to give all the kudop, honours, or decorations to Lyno, Bartou, or the ghost of Partes. Federation was worked more by the PreBS add pressmen than by statesmen. Mr. Batten only aimed at tho Federal Chief-Justiceship, which should go to Griffith, Madden, Diirley, or Way. , \ ME. COLONNA CLOSE. In the midfit of jealous Sydney, and a jealous legal prifecaion, there was one gentleman who was determined that justice should be done the public setvices of Mr. Buid on behalf of Federation, and that Mr. Colonna Close, tho barrister, and tbo ex editor of the Melbourne Federal' Awlralian. He took the matter and succeeded in bringing about n meeting of tbo leading citizens and political!) on both aides of the House. They felt that tho es Premier had been ignored by tho anti-federal Government of the' day, and n.u ingratetul party. Tho ibbuo of thoir thankB and gratitude hae been the preparation of a ccBtly and well-designed address, aa Mr. Bi-id would not accept any money gift. Mr. Close deserves tho thanks of all for not allowing the good work done by Mr. Roid to lapse. Some plain facta may bo onid ou tho platform to-night, which will tend to placo Mr. Reid on n higher federal platform than ho is just now. WHO WILL BE F. P. Inner political circleB in Macquarie-stroafaro deeply eroited ovor who will bo tho first Federal Premier ? That is tho rub. It ia a momentous question, and not to bo lightly played with. Keportj ot-ite that Mr. Barton had the thing all settled in London before bo left, leaving certain impressions upon Lords Jorsey, Carringtoti, and Hopetoun, then tho three favourites. ' Toby' can now snap bin fingers at hiB friondo, noruo of whom he gives tho go-by, like many political when thoy reach tho top of the poll. If Sir Wil liam Lyno io aont for I hopo ho will refuse, not in favour of Mosarn. Barton, Sleath, or Orick, but should recommend that Sir S. W. Griffith, Sir Giiorge Turner, or Mr. Ruid bo sent for. Tho idea of Sir William carrying on federal government aa a great converted sinner, with all tbo ropontant front of a Salvation Army reconcilable, ia too hypoaritionl. Sir S. W. Griffith io tho man to bo tho firfct Federal Premier. Ho waa oducoted in -Maitland, married a Maitland lady, andjis really a Now South Welshman, of tho Mother Colony. I trufct tbo Quconoland Parliament, in tho interests of all Aontratia, will give him hio C.I. ponnion, aud allow him to be Bent into tho Commonwoalth Par liament, and. run a first chanco to bo sent for. THE PARLIAMENTARY WEEK The Macqunrio-streot Stato debating society haa bean. busy ail the weeti passing eomo oocond nnd third reodingn ot heavy claused and highly-important bills, which neither hon. members nor tho largo bulk of the people clearly understand, but whioh tend to almost revolutionise British vrnyn of Parliamentary usefulness. Tho Labour Party* actually had tho cheek to mako penal or criminal tho act of nn ongine- drivor in a mine, bringing up out of tho (.drives, loveln, and winzoa miners who had worked 8 hours, but which mako tlio drivor work 8J houra ao his day's work. Could the- foroo of cohfounded sheer tyranny and pirating againat tho employed and employer go further. MobS of tho billa whioh tho Premier in rushing with, break-neok speed through tho House cau bo shelved until the House meets on February 1st. Tho Premier wants them to bo pass, but tbo country dooa not. Why? Because the Premier knows .that if he meeta tho Houao in Fobruary, ho will bo defeated on, at least, two of tha bills, and others which shoutd bo loft to tho pooplo before an urgent General Election. MB. LAMBTON IlUTinES. This is a good tiino for Mr. Lambton, tho Secretary for Post and Tolegraphe, to retire, after long and faithful sorviceo to tho colony. No ono knows tho ways of tho Post and Telegraph department boltar than ho, nnd when tho loaal Poatmabtor-Genorol is no moro, I trURt thnt Mr. Liimhtjn will bo appointed, in the firtt Federal QasMc, Stato Pontmastor of Now South Walea. IVlr. L'unbton baa a groat deal to answer in bin after dinner romark that ho hoped' tho first Ommonwoalth PoBtmaBter-Goneral would bo Mr. Ciiok! Afigohi and Minintors of Graoe dofond ub, and the wisdom of tho firot Govornor General. I am nuro that ' Toby,' ' Goorgio Porgy,' nor 'Snmawell' will agroo to suoh an ill thought proposition. Wo want a groator and moro loyal in a i than Oriok for a Fedoral Poatmaator. Wbon I road hid Bpuecli to tho Poutal Conforonce, he, tio, miuti boa converted . Dinner iu tho S.A. pftlitiodl army. Thoro is nothing bo sv/eot in tho Poatmaitor-Genoralohip an tho loaving of it. A Fodoral penny poBtago to all tho colonies and ovor all tho British dominions in' a statflBmanliko idea. Who t;avo him tho idea. Ho did hot introduco it whon In oppooiti?!). Why io thia thusP WINE IflNOItANOn, Tho iguoranco of MiniBtorB, Loadoro, M'o.L.A., nnd Ctlubration Committoos on tbo value and quality of colonial winofl, comparod with tho Fronohy or European aitlilo io atupondouo. Ministers and hon. uieinbara should bo bettor up in fnots beforo they spealt oa tho BUhjnct^ Exportora tbink mmo nf our Auatraliau winoB iu Condou than Macqnario-itreot SimoonH nnd Tokay tasters. The fact is thoy doiit drlulc reino aa they should do, hut tho real JBab Buy, or ' Mountain Dow.' Mr.^ Iiindoman''s lotter to tho oity pr»pr-rB in to tho point, and I hopo tli^t thoy will not drink 'ohnmpnitno on January 1st, unloss it in ti inorouso tho rovonuo to help to pay half tnu cost »t tbe oelobiationa and tho Old Ago PonBiuir. Y-u soo our Promior nnd Colonial Trenonrer ib do long-hoaded.nnd oute, for all the revenue nhoitld he paid iuto tho OuntiiiuH before January Ut, whon tho Federal revenue bogino. If Mr. Lindi-in'm han two hundred thousand gal'lona of wino on hand, to nay nothing of other wino merchants, then, by Jove, tho visitors ato to drink tlio good Hunter and BIHno wino by tho gallon or the vat. We aro ^not Auatraliano in thia part of tho programme. oirunon union. Tho Proabytoriana aro in advanoo of Auld Scotia by forming tho Fodrral Prealtyttirian Union of Aunti-alin, with its Bimo or Edinburgh in Bydnoy. It in a ntop in tho right direction and will mako its civil buoinoon moro oohooivo and important. Dr. Cullen has already applied to Parllamout thnt tho baais of Union should havo tho effeotof law. At tho oamo timo tho Molbourno Proabytery had mofc, and mado tho joyful nortathat Quonnnland.N, 8. Walon, Victorln, South Australia and Taamania hod Off rood to form ono Gonornl Aonombly. Woot AuBtralifi ia sure jto | join it, later. After thin wo will ooo all tho othor ' ohurehqn aniohgat thomoolvon In oaoh colony, .will move for thoir own .fedora! ofgnniua' (Itrtifl. wouldigo a ntn^'furthor by bpidj{''(tl#a to eob a Foderal' orgdniBtttldn ofiall'IV(jtuota'Qtlom ln ' Australia. It may net bo in one day, bnt it is coming when eomo geniaa, cloric or laymen, will bo able to educate tho pooplo up to tho fact tbat Unity ia blessed and strengthened in ther.u days of everything hostile end aggi-eesive. irANr.Y-Guri:u-UAt£E. Tbo weathor haB beon co full of extremes lately that ono does not know where to go to avoid it. One day we complain of icebergs being about, and tho next of being bo cloao to where tliero io no snow nor ice. Manly iB a fair placo for a day's change, were it only to feel tho ocean breezo and got a tois at t,he- Heade. Tho aea beach ia being greatly improved by a progressive Town Council, -with dreama of Margate, Brighton, and Rotheray'o Cockle Shore. Life lit Manly ia Very nico all tho year round, but nt night all in not gold that glittera in tho ohady, seaty places. TIsoeo who go down to Manly after 8 p.m., uueh aa we Beotheiaon tho steamers nt night, aro not a desirablo ulaBS. But thoy want fresh air a-i well as other folks, and porhapa more. On Sundays tho bandn play all , sorts of rowdy airs, ond tlio whole decks aro scattered with demi monde, and young boyB neglectod from youth. Manly vrould bo moro patroniaod if passengers at night, oapecially on Sun day nights, wore better behaved, und had uIbo an idea that 'it is Sunday.' celebration extbavaoahceb, I hoar that the Governmont aro giviug fabuloua pricoa to hofcel-koeperB to Bocuro accommodation for bedrooma for distinguished Tiaitora. Agrand hotel in tho Buburbs lot their rooms to an intorsolonial c'ub visiting Sydnoy alter ChriBtraau for .£2 2s pet week, nnd yesterday an agent of tho Government tried to Bocuro thom at X5 5s per week, without food or attendnnco. A break rnuat bo put upon botel-koepera and boarding hoUBeB, and tho Govern ment, juat an tho chief of tho Staff, fix tho price per wook nt hotels when Johannesburg was takon, nnd tho Boor hotel- beopero charged ' Banjo' Patproon doublo tho prico for boarding. If tho above is what tho Premier calls cconomy there must ho a protest of n practical nature. It may Uo that tho big city hotols will be charging from .£10, .£15. to JG25 per week, and paid for by the Govornmont. Such nonBenso ia ovor affecting tho 'c'bat of houso rents to working man nnd the deusl tenants of Sydney, whoro rones aroalronr.yattoohitjhnrental. Sydney traders and hotols muat uot over-charge, but preoorvo tho good ,namo of tho {City amongst atrangers. TUB PEOCKB8ION ItOOTE. Tho route map published showing tho streets , through whioh tho members of tho procenoion ond tho Imperial troops aro to murch from Farm Covo to tho Centennial Park on January lot shows groat cruelty to tho Imporial and Intercolonial troopa, and those who will do tho distanoo on foot. Tho route ia too long for thoao who ovon rido in carriagoa, or upon Sir Hercules stoedo. If it ia insisted upon tho hospitals will ? obbo off hotel, barracks, and Agricultural Grounds accommoda tion by tho number of ounatrbkoa and sundry JJta, Lord Hopotouu is kind and graoioua, but be is not too strong to undergo oighc tniloa .of stroot choorn and Bolutationa. Tho 700,000 porioilo oxpooted to orowd, yet not ovororowd, Sydney' in hot weather, ou January lst, will bo able to ae6 tho Govornor Gonoral, tho distinguished ond undisfcinguiahod viaitors, our boys — with' tho 'Krupp 'gun — from Africa, our intercolonial martial coueins, aud tho Imporial aoldioru of tho Qnoon, in all thoir pride, pomp, nnd martial circumstance can bo easily noon from a reduced stroot miloago. ' TOUNO MEN FROM THE COUHTBY.' Apart from pilot tips and railway oontraot tips, tho quoation of tho hour in Sydney iB— Common- wealth Celebrations. It is too much for tho Stato to oend monoy to municipalities. Tbo solioolo howovor should Ret aomothing for tho doar boys and girls to o'njoy thomaolvoa and romombar the first day of Commonwealth. Tho raoo clubs will r got no holp ; no, nor should othor sporting clubs. Tho publio Bbould'pay for all Bpoit. nnd it has ovor dono so. I would let tho Stato pay' half tho tickofc for thoao who frequent thoopori^or tbo theatres. The poor must also bo provided for, and tho rogues and robbors of Hydo and nnd othor parkB placed on Shark Island until tho colobrationa aro ovor. I warn country paoplo to loavo thoir watchos, brooobos, chains, oto., ot homo, for Sydnoy will attraot all tho rogues and vagabondo of Aus tralia during tho festivities. Thoy will rob you of ohoin ond watch boforo your face, and you will not feel tho art or oporation of thoft. I apeak foolingly, as I waa a victim myaolf going homo through Hydo Park tho othor night, about eight o'olock. I found my valuabloB gone when I got homo. Tims you boo io vory troaoheroUB. 