A ROMANCE OF THE DAY. FOUNDED ON FACT. By JOSEPH HATION, Author of "Under the-Great Seal," "Cap4: tured by Cannibals," "The Gay World," "In Jest and Earnest," "The Abbey/* Murder/' "John .Needham's Double,'*.. "By Order of the. Czar," "When Greek ' meets Greek," &c.;, &c.; .; [Published by special arrangement with authcJ. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XLIL-(Coatinued.1 And she was there punctually. and /with' considerably revised opinions of*both Lor rimar and London from those he and tha great city had at first inspired. During the day she had. found her way to Westminster and the Thames Embankment, to "Oliver Goldsmith's grave in the Temple, to St. Paul's, completing her experiences in an open barouche, provided by the hotel, along the Mall and Piccadilly to the Park. April was verging into May. It was jiear ing the height of the London season. The snn shone warm on the grey streets. Every other shop seemed to be a goldsmith's, or to flash with silver, when it was not bright with flowers or gay with costly fabrics and pictures. Here and there the Stars and Stripes flaunted high up against the Tahie sky, making her heart ? beat . the quicker. Oh, if Ned Glover could have been by- her side! Sometimes she thought he. was. Once she was sore she heard Iris voice. It was like a joyous whisper of content- that she should have at last have seen this Beautiful London, from which Fleet-street had ban ished him, but to which he- had- meant to return a conqueror, hand in hand -with tha loveliest woman in the world. . - " - In Pall Mall, Zella met a squadron of cavalry, ~ marching to the strains' of thiiir line mounted band. Some speaaTfunction' was being celebrated, she thought- . Other flags were flying from the club-houses. H^r . coachman had to pull up near St- James's Palace. More troops came swinging round into Pall Mall, from the Park. The sight< of the worn old historic pile, the inspiriting; stains of tie military b;uKl, followed pre sently by the "wild swirl of the bagpipes and the tramp of a company of Gordon High landers'overcame her; she had to mop' her face with her handkerchief. . - . Her carriage now threaded its way along St. James's-street; and it seemed to her that the entire region was peopled with1 ghosts of past days, ghosts of'buildings, ghosts of great events, ghosts of famous people, ghosts of , her mother's ancestors, the dead, patient little , woman she just re membered, with her sweet English, vcdcej; the ghosts of Glover's forbears, and the re alities, too, of the London he was to re veal to her. Then round into Piccadilly, with scores of equipages, "beautiful women in gorgeous attire, powdered footmen,' smart victorias, family chariots with armorially- decorated panels, and . on the pavement a well-dressed throng of pedestrians! OIL one 'handle Green Park, on 'the otfher a row of palaces. TUien Wel lington on.Iris 'horse, and the four, typical warriors at the base of the equestrian figure recalling memories of her father's oft-re peated saying, "Almost 'tihe only people we. never fought were your English m-oi&er;'g prnrr>trr^rm^ri' and in wttiom. Pmsaia never had braver or truer allies; a great people, tihe English!" . . . Oh, that .he, or, 'her mother, or !Nedj or some dear friend were . with 'her, even 'Mr. Storey or Gfcneoej" or Bridget, that she might haare some _one to speak 'to, someone with w'hom dhii paight re lieve, in words, the deep emotions o£ her: 'heart! She seamed bo lonely amidst the great and 'brilliant crowd. She fed never imagined anything so. imposing _ as Hyde Park, with its ptrocessiott-pf carriages, three or four abreast, and its- splendid array of horses, its superb 'tatkrfjfces, its. handsome women, its gallant men, and' ita-mulfclfcnde of gaily attired peopQe on the sale walks, fihe 'brilliant array of sunshades and para sols, 'backed by ornamental trees in the first freshness of spring leaves, and here and 'tlhere great paixftres of crocuses and tulips. A new world to Zella. . . . Pre sently, in obedience to an official-hand, the autocrat of the streets, there was a gradual' suspension of movement, a . passage way was made, a number of outriders cantered ?' by; then- every lhafc was' raised, and it seemed io ZdSk -as if every iady * rose to her feet. A. carriage, drajwn by four horses ridden "by postilions, came along. An elderly lady, with a young demoiselle by her side, and on tie opposite seat an officer in a. '"bright imifoim. Tihe ekteriy lady was bowing right, and. left,-a pleasant smile lighting xtp a benevolent face; it was her Majesty tihe Qneea of England, with the Princess Beatrice ^ind the Duke of Cormanght. Zella o± once guessed it was the Queen, and as Iher' Majesty left the park she heard tie great burst of cheering. that greeted 'her at Hyde Park Corner and followed 'her on 'her way to Buckingham Palace; where, the coaehman told lier; the Queen was to stay the nigjit. . "'A great event for London," 'he.said. "Her Majesty don't care -for Buckin'em Palace, but London loves her just, the same.? 