THIRTY YEARS IN "STAGE LAND." RECOLLECTIONS OF AN AMATEUB. [BY J. H. L.] No. vm. DRAMATIC AMATEUR BENEVOJJJN'T CLUB. This club, which received the nickname .of D.A.B'.. Chicks, W3« formedNcbout tlhe year 1866. Among thfe original members were Messrs. J. T. Newitt, A. G. Wells, J, Abbott, H. Shaw, E. llix, Hen Solomon, I. Solomon, jun., R. T. Moore, Charley Kelly, L. S. Spiller, and. Burney Litchfield. 11. J. Ray, of whom 1 have already spoken, was tihe Stage Manager, and the club's ladies were Mrs. H. J. Ray, Mrs. Harry ,lacli son, and Miss E. Woods (Mr*. Newitt). The initial performance wars, 1 believe, "Charles II.," with tilie farce "Killing tlhe Wind." The members were bound by tie rules to play only for charities, and one of tlh-e old members tells me with pardonable pride that they never once pli.uyed for their own benefit. Temjiora muUmtur el nos inu .tamiir ill illis! Hie club tad many loyal supporters, among whom may be-particu larly mentioned the late Dr. Nott, of Gaw ler, who made it a rule to visit Adelaide to witness each performance given by the club. Their preseratations of "Luke the L<i>boi!r er," "Kent Day/' and 'Ticket a& Leave," I have referred to in a previous chapter, Mr. A. G. Wells's-connection with the D.A.B. Chicks led-as lie lias stated in a letter to "The Register'1-to a six months'^ profes sional engagement at the old "Vic.," where die ted the honour of appearing with SUC-1l well-known artists uw William Hoskins, Daniels. William Andrews, and Jldlle. Marie St.' Denis, who was leading lady izj Hoskins's company. Mr. Wells .then took an-engagement in Melbourne, but the "ghost" forgot to walk; and, having lost his little all, an'd guinea sufficient experi ence to last him a lifetime, he "gyve it best." The names of other well-known amateurs who joined tlhe club later on were Montague Pepper, W. H. Ems, R. Ware, J. Jamieson, and A. Neale. Mr. J. Abbott was a long time.the "leading man" in the club; and, from opinions expressed about his -not ing,- there seems to be little doubt that jtf 4ie Iliad taken to the profession he must have succeeded. J have been privileged also to read some very flattering notices on diffe rent performances by Messrs. Sam and Ben Solomon during their connection with tlie club. The D.A.B.C. received its fair share of the "slings and arrows of outrageous for tune;'' and thouglli at one tim<? its successes warranted the assumption that, like the brook, it would "go on for ever," it gradu ally sank out of notice, and is now referred to only as a "memory of the past." PORT ADELAIDE AMATEUR DRAMATIC COMPANY. I -have not been able to ascertain the exact date of the foundation of this club, but it must have been about 1870. 1 lind among dts early members Mr. Tom Smith, jun. (President), Messrs. B. C. De Lissa, J. B. Blair, J.. A. PI int. W. F. Clarke, Anthony Hall, G. E. 0. Stevens, H. Brad dock, R. A. Braddoek, G. R. Keith, Allan Quin, A. E. Goodcn, T. A. Brock J. A. Rann, J. Newman, C. J. Reynolds, Hubble, and others. The Town Hall,' Port Adelaide, was 'the "home" of (the club: and, as trains .to and from the city ceased miming early in the even in?, the Port people were <r)aa to have a club of their own, and patronised it liberally. For years, in addition to helping charities, the company gave quar terly entertainments for 'the benefit of the local Institute, which thereby benefited considerably. On one occasion the club played^ "The Wife, a Tale of Mantua," in White's Rooms, being assisted bv Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Hay. That night things were made to hum on the coach which conveyed the club to the Part by t..e vocal efforts of two of the members, who sang "Hear me, Norma," and sundry other operaitic selec tions. "Still Waters Run Deep" was a success as staged by the club, as were also sundry favces, notably "Turn Him Out," always a good fallback witli amateurs. Tji this latter piece G. 12. C. Stevens played Rosele-af, and J. B. Blair Nicodemus Nobbs. (Scenes from "Hamlet"' were fre puenttly tackled by the club, and, accord ing to "ail accounts, with success. One very enthusiastic member writes:-"Poor old Flint (dead long since) made an excellent gravedigger. What a humorist he was! We have never since had an amateur like ibani!" Mr. T. Smith, jun., who was tie moving spirit in the club, being tealled away from Port Adelaide, the Pont Ade laide Amateur Dramatic Company gradu ally languished and died. The ehib was finally and formally disbanded at a meet' ing held in Hubble's Britannia Ho'telj when, among either propositions, was one "Tlhat the members shall meet this even ang twenty years hence," but it was not favourably Teceived. Strange to say, how ever, the call might have been almost una* nimously responded to on the date men tioned, as only one-Plint-had made Ibis exit from this world toi enter upon tlie stage of the great "undiscovered country; from whose bourne no traveller returns." THE OWLS. The Owls were formed in the early parti of 1881, and were really the forerunners of the Adelaide Amateur Comedy Company. They were not essentially a Dramatic Club, being rather a sing-song social gathering, toeetang at Klinkers Cafe in Rundle^s'treeW once a week, when members were expected' to individually add to the harmony of the evening by a song, a recitation, or even a snake story. The Owls gave their first so cial on Tuesday evening, Apiril 2G, 1881, in the Reehabite Hall. Some of the names on this programme are familiar amateurs to day, including F. Powell, .A. L. George Chalmers, F. C. Coombs, 11. A. K» D'urieu, R. J. Gully, A. 0. Beetson, G. . IT. Anderson, and C. M. McMilleu. One of j tlie original members the other day said:- ! "We visited several country townships, either 'un our own' or assisting; the £. s. d. aspect never entered mucJi into calculation. If. wc were lucky Ave had not much of a call to respond 'to; if we had poor bouses, we j paid up cheerfully and considered the fun j .worth it all." The Owls had same dramatic j talent among them, as may be gathered from the fact tint they produced, besides other things, "The End of the Tether," "Cross Purposes." and a scene from tine "Lady of the Lake." The cafe where the dub used to meet subsequently became a .wineshop, and this gradually altered things; and, moreover, some of the members who nspired to histrionic faine seceded, and with j others formc-d the Adelaide Amateur Co medy Company, oi which I shall speak next. THE AW5LA1DE AMATEUR COMEDY COMPANY. The Adelaide Amateur Oomedy Company made its first appearance in the Academy of Music, Rundle-stieet, on Friday- even ing, July 29, 1881. Tlie pieces selected were "13 is Last Less" and "Turn Hiin Out." . Tlie moving (spirits in this com pany were Charley Machray (Stage Man ager). Fred Powell (Secretary t.nd Trea surer), and J. D. Dunn (Business Man ager). "J. 1). Dunn" was the nom-de Miestre adopted by J. D. Furlonge, after wards associated with the Yoricks and G-arricks. A glance at the programme of this initial performance, profusely illus trated by our old friend Herbert Wood 'house, reminds; ine that many of the mem bers played under assumed names. For instance, I notiie F. ltussell (Fred Powell), J, D. Dunn ("Joe" Furlonge), Andre Thunnann (A. T. Bradshaw), A. James (J. O'Brien), and Miss Florence (Miss Ilele). Mr. J. liooney played ielix in "His Last Legs" on that occasion. In April, lad2. the company gave <a season of four nights at Garner's Theatre, playing; "Our BOYS ' (twice), "Biichelor of Arts," and "His Last Legs," concluding each evening with a' farce. For this season the company had been strengthened by the addition oi Miss t'lytie Wells, and Mr. Herbert Woodhouse was Stage Manager. Tlie critics agreed tin stamping the performances of "Our Bovs" as a decided success. These performances were in aid of tlie Rifle VoLunteer Band. The company also produced "Won at Last," "Borrowed Plumes," "Taming a Tiger" (Theatre Royal), "Loan of a Lover," and other farces. THE YOJUCKS. The Yurick Club was formed about 1882 or 1883, and among the early members were E. Reeves, H. J. Wood'hbuse, F. P. Eaves, A. T. Bradshaw, C. E. Warren, and Sid. Cornish (pianist),. Miss Clytie Wells, Miss Aileen Bancroft, Miss Elsie Hastwell, Miss Nellie Mayor', and Mi's. Stuart MeCilUum. Mr. li. Barrett, J. D. Furlonge, and the writer joined the club later on. Many capi tal performances were given, and among them a production of "Ready-money Morti boy." In this production Charley Warren met with' a serious accident, as a pistol which had to be tired by one of the charac ters nearly destroyed his eyesight. Among the successes of the club may be mention ed "Blow for Blow," at the Theatre Royal, "Sink or Swim," "Meg's Diversion," "Withered Leaves," "Loan of a Lover," "Woodcock's Little Game," Mid^ the bur lesque "Fra Diavolo." Herbert Woodhouse Was the moving spirit in the club, and made things hum. He was an artist by pro fession, and introduced the illustrated pro lamine which caught on wonderfully, and helped to till the house on many occasions. When ."Woody" left Adelaide the club soon disbanded. Till: <!ARRK'K CLUB. The Gairick Club was formed in Feb ruary, 1892, and was the outcome of a conversation held between Mr. Edward Heeves and the writer at the annual swim ming matches at the City Baths. In se letting members we chose i nose who had stiade some reputation as elocutionists, on the ground that the mo.-t important, quali fication ? for an actor was tlie ability to enunciate his lines so as 'o be he.ird. A glance at the gentlemen's names discloses Itlie fact that nearly all had figured -as prize-winners in the Liter, ry Societies' competitions. Here they are:-E. Reeves (1st elocution), C. Morgan (1st elocution), B. Ii. Gillnian (2nd elocution), K. 11. Shaw (2nd elocution), R. T. Sparrow (1st elocu tion), R. A. C. Herbert (Thornton's Com pany), A. Norton, C. (A Paltridge (1st dra matic scene), J. H. Lyons (1st dramatic scene). The original ladies were:-Miss Wadhain, Miss Bancroft, and ^\liss Pizey; l>ut this trio was afterwards augmented by the addition of Miss Aileeri Bancroft, Miss Moffatt. Miss Woodcock, Miss Daniels', and Miss Knight. Surclv an amateur club never before had such an array of femi nine talent! The opening production on May 21, 1892, was "London Assurance," in the North Adelaide Institute, before a large and fashionable audience, including Lord and Lady lvintore. Then followed "Caste," probably tlie most successful piece staged wy the club, "Long Odds," "Our Regi ment," "Sipiaiter's Pardon," "Blow for Blow," and innumerable one-act comedies, among which may be mentioned "Fennel" ?-in which Mr. Percy Alstvne, who had just joined the club, created such a good impression-"Bed 0f Roses;"' "Barbara," "Sunset," and "Written in Sand." In ad dition to the gentlemen already mentioned, we afterwards had the assistance of Messrs. J, D. Furlonge, 1). Murphy, and F. P. Kaves, who-# histrionic abilities are gene rally acknowledged. The club made a very successful Christmas holiday tour to the Peninsula towns, playing at Kadina and Moonta. The plays produced were "Lon don Assurance," "Long Odds," and "Caste." Clare was also more than once visited by the club, and a hearty welcome Jtvas always extended to the members when ever they decided to visit that town, espe cially by that most frenial of hosts, Dr. 'Bain. The Garrick Club was responsible for many acts of charity during its exis tence. One professional company, stranded in A3elaide, was helped on its way; and the fiassage-money of all its members, with a balance in hand on landing in Melbourne, Was provided by the Club. More than one hard-up actor solicited and received the as sistance of the club. Among local charities apart from Churches, which scarcely Come under this head-may be mentioned the case of a widowed mother and several children who were pensioners on the club for over twelve months. The Garriclc Club owed its success in a great measure to the indefatigable energy of its Secretary, Mr, 1$. H. Gillman, who was untiring in hia ef- ; forts to keep the members together. j THE THESPIANS. j The Thespians were contemporaneous fnrith the Garricks, though formed before <thein; and a deal of friendly rivalry existed between the two clubs. In writing of this Iplub I am compelled to trust entirely to staemory, as I have been unable to search the Society's archives. With ? Neebe aB (Stage Manager, the club played Tobin's ?'Honeymoon" in the Theatre Royal, Mr. Dansey Murphy talcing Aranza, ana Neebe the Mock Duke. The club sometimes flew pretty high, as I remember among the plavs I produced was "Two Hoses," which would tax the abilities of any amateurs. They also played "Not Guilty," at the'Albert'Hall. "Kiss in the Dark," . "Hook and Eye," "Written in Sand." and numerous other popular comedies. Many country trips w^re undertaken by the club with uniform suc cess, and Kapuuda. was a "happy hunting ground'' whenever it' was visited. Among tlie ladies of the club were Miss Vergie Vivienne and her mother and Mies Alice. Plunkett, who is now with- the Wilson-' Forbes Company in W.A. Tlie last time T saw this company was in the Bijou at.a per-' formance in aid of the stranded Greenwood Company, when tlie Garricks and Mr. T. W. Lyons's Opera Class also helped. The receipts were the reverse of satisfactory. THIS ROYALISTS. This little club was formed at-Hind marsh in June, 1891, and Mr. Tom J. Moody was one of the active spirits in its formation. A three-act drama, "For Her Sake," was its most ambitious effort. Seve ral pieces from the pen of Mr. John Fyvie -one of the hardest workers in thea trical business whom I have ever met-were also staged, notably "Kitty," "Tim," "Only a Letter," and '"Knight- errant." Among its earliest . members were Misses. Laura and Kitty Bruce, Addie Coombs, M. Dench, Edith Sack, and Era Sando, and Messrs. J. Pyvie, T. Bastard, G. N. Clarke, li. Ray (a. grandson of my old friend "H. J."), F. Deuifch, H. Shreeves, 'H. J. Cohen, and T. J. Moody. A little later they wore joined by .Mies Etta Wood (now Mrs. Fyvie Dench,. of the "Royal Comics"). A large number of charities were helped in Hindmarsh aiud elsewhere. On the opening of the Western Australian goldfiolds several of the old mem bers journeyed thither, and since then the club has been in abeyance. Space will not permit of mv more, than mentioning the names of certain other clubs which have existed at various periods in Adelaide-such, as the original Garricks; the Glenelg Histrionic Club, managed by Colonel Solomon; and others, but at a future date I hope to have tlie opportunity of dealing more fully with them. AMATEUR CLUBS. In dealing with amateur Dramatic Clubs, past and preserat, I find it necessary to limit my recollections to those most worthy of notice. To attempt to give an account of every club wfliidh. has been in existence in Adelaide would be too herculean a. task to undertake. In recalling these clubs, how ever, 1 am struck with the eiiiieinei'al exis tence which a number, of tihem enjoyed. One performance was as much as some of them-or the public-could endure. Many survived a year, and then died in debt ana indifference. _ Others plodded on for two years, often in difficulties, seldom possess ing more than a fleeting vitality, wlhile a very few managed to live for four or five years. Some certainly existed for a longer period; but this was owing to the fact.that tihe clubs, having run tlieir allotted span, !h;id died, but were galvanized into life again by a few enthusiasts. Let me here s;iy a word for those enthusiastic amateurs who kept the different dramatic clubs toge tilrer. Their time and tllieir money, or as much as they could afford, were given to wards the club funds, so bhl.it they could assist: charitable institutions. The only re turn they received was the fleeting pleasure attached to an occasional performance which was whollv inadequate for the money tfiiey were out of pocket. The general pub lic who h'.uve never boen "behind the scenes" can scarcely understand this. I could enlighten them with facts and figures from old documents; stowed away in secret recesses, which would con-vincs? any number of doubting Thomases on this point. But-Requieseat in pace. 