LITERATURE. PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. "Mirry Ann," by Norma Lorimer (Methuen and Co.: through Gordon and Gotch). In her latest novel Miss Lorimer has caught the Manx character as few besides, except Hall Came, have dove. In fact, It is hard to avoid contrast and comparison with the mere popular, though no more deserving, novelist while reading " Mlrry Ann." But the latter has a charm all Its own, evolved' from the tender womanly sympathy and tho true artistic merit of the romance. The creation of " Mirry Ann," n girl who boast ed on the one side high breeding, though but the child of a Manx fisher girl, Is full of grace and beauty, pernaps a little too godly, too ethereal for her surroundings, but still a woman at heart, warm nature, loving and generous, who finds her mission in uplifting her fellow-villagpcrs above the surdidness of their existence. Her life is oue long struggle of duty against inclina tion, and in every trial and tribulation the former always prevails. Her character stands out from the remainder of the drama tis personae not exactly to their detriment, but certainly to their overshadowing. And yet the rest of the men and women are clever sketches of types from the proud haughtiness of the dead squire's daughter to Lance Quine, the old maid of the vil lage, and from Dick Schofield, Mirry Ann's favoured lover, to Ned Gawne, the grandfather of the heroine. In short, whether for its dramatic completeness, its delicacy of conception, or its truthfulness of character, " Mlrry Ann" is a book that is one of the distinct successes of this year's fiction. " Marvels and Mysteries," iby Richard Marsh (Methuen and Co : through Gordon and Gotch).—Readers of light literature who dote on thrills will tflnd of material to excite them enough and to spare in Richard Marsh's. collection of short storieß. He la, as all who have read " The Beetle" can testify, a past master in the art of pro ducing creepy sensations down the spine, and uncoimforta.ble feelings in the scalp. And in his h^est he has used his faculties ?»r portraying the gruesome to the greatest advantage. A criminal lunatic with a pas sion for, blood and a short gasping bark, a cataleptic who saves himself from a " living death" by •bursting open a screwed down coffin, a murderer haunted by hl« cwn ghost, and a precocious child who acts her part so well that she hangs her lather for ■her .mother's sutoride—euoh is the bill of fare that Mr. (Marsh confidently sets down before his realers. But uhe vein of humoan in his composition which impelled "Frivo lities" is evident again in four or five of the stories, wherein hypnotism, that science" which has ibeen such a godsend to the sensational novelists of the last decade, plays a prominent part. He gives us an am'iising account of & down-trodden husband* who pretends to die and practises ventrilo qualism to bring his bullying wife to reason, he tells us of the absurd antic 6 a mesmerist made a respectable member of society play In a crowded table d'hote for the sake of advertisement, and he relates an absurd in cident 'Where a girl marries a man under hypnotic influence, and is ordered about incontinently by every one who possesses the mesmeric power. " Marvels and Mysteries" is pre-eminently c book for any one who is willing to laugh or to shiver by turns, and find enjoyment tSuereln. " The .Green Flag," by Conan Doyle (George Bell and Sons : through George Robertson and Co.). —Every one of the stories in Conan Doyle's.excellent collection has appeared In some magazine or other, but they are one and all well worth reading again. The author is a man who endeared himself to fiction lovers, once for his creation of Sherlock Holmes, and again for his " White Company," and books of a kindred nature. In " The Green Flag" be has only included stories of war and sport/ a limitation which at any rate has the merit of leaving the reader unperplexed by inconsistency of basis. And some of his best-loved themes appear again in different but just as pleasing guise. Of all the stories, " The Croxley Master," recalling " Rodney Stone," is tihe one best calculated to make the blood tingle, the pulses beat, and the muscles tighten with the mere ani mal gratification of a prize fight, where amateur meets professional, and, spurred by the desire to win money th»t will enable him to pursue hie medical cofiree, floors the heavier, more practised man, after a match described with all the wealth of colour wihich made " Rodney Stone" so exhilarat ing. Then, again, we have a sketch or two of the old roaring buccaneer days, with that consummate villain Captain Sharkey as the central figure, an exploit of Brigadier Gerard, some dates suggested by the author's sojourn in Egypt, all referring to war and " Gippies," and one or two reminiscences of the Franco-Prussian war. " The Green Flag" is one of the most enjoyable collec t-ions (in its class) of short stories that has been published for roatiy a long.day, and will serve as one of the best examples of its author in those many phases we have learnt to know. " Nemo," by Theo. Douglas (George Bell and Sous : through George Robertson and Co.). —Rather a ghastly plot of hypnotic in fluence forms the subject of Miss Douglaß's novel. Bannerman, who is a travelling con jurer, possesses complete " control" over his daughter Mary, an excellent." medium" in the cant phrase of the cult. He is not con tent to remain at the ordinary stopping place of thought-reading, and so on, and throws himself into the manufacture of an automaton, which he calls Nemo, in" whose frame of leather and steel he projects the vitality of his daughter whenever he shows his masterpiece. Great tame becomes bier, and he determines to try his fortune in Lon don. But Mary's health is being undermined by the constant drain on her nervous system, and when they arrive at the town which they call home, her lover plots successfully to destroy the image, and release Mary. He 1 chooses, however, the inopportune time when his fiancee's spirit is at work in the automa ton, and Mary is nearly killed in conse quence. An American, who is an authority on the psychic forces, conies to the rescue i and saves ber, and with the deatb of the j slightly eccentric father, the burial of , Nemo, and the marriage of the daughter the book comes to the conventional end. It is all so highly improbable that, well told an the story is, it does not impress at all with the sense of its reality, ami the thing which really redeems it frqm failure is the clever little skotch of provincial population and its concomitant narrow-mindedness nnd false pride, forming the background for*lhe Bet ting of the melodramatic scenes of which Miss Douglas has made a speciality. " A Loyal Lover," by Mrs. Lovttt Cameron (C. Arthur Pearson, Limited).—There is a curious mixture of titles in this last of Mrs. Cameron's. On the cover the title is as begins thi6 paragraph, while the heading to every separato page is " A Vain Sacri fice," a description which fits the plot far better than the flrat named. Of two sis ters, Venetia and Elsie, is the story told, the former a high-minded, noble woman, the latter a frivolous, empty- headed girl with no heart for anything but her own selfish ends. Elsie, after an escapade with a none too reputable military man, marries a clergyman, whom she " loves a little" for himself, and a great deal more for his prospects of a baronetcy. But the sisters have a cousin, who loves Vtnetia, and who suspects Elsie of a little more than flirta tion with the military man a-foreßald, and uses his knowledge to force Venetia into marriage with him that she may cave Elblo fromxscandal, though it cost her her life's happiness ho to do. This is the vain sacri fice alluded to, for the cousin acknowledges that all he said he knew, and all he said he had, was a mere subterfuge to win the girl with whom he was madly in love. But Fate, in the shape of Mrs. Cameron's pre dilection for happy endings, comes to the rescue, kills him off, makes Venetia a rich woman, and enables 'her to marry the man she loved. There is rather more movement in the incidents than is usually to be found in Mrs. Lovett Cameron's, later-day books, and this quality, combined with her skilful handling of plot and personages, adds some thing to the merit of her romance. For a railway journey or an indolent man who does not desire undue excitement " A Loyal Lover' or "A Vain Sacrifice" (whldh ever the true title may be) is certainly a bcok to be recommended. " The Accused Princess," by Allan Up ward (C. Arthur Pearson, Limited).—Mr. Upward has succeeded in producing a detec tive story, which is thrilling despite the fact that there is no tragedy until the last few chapters, when the secret is so-lved and the tangle unravelled. The plot is an in genious one to which its author gives a tinge of reality by a cleverly-worded pro logue, wherein he hints at some risk in pub lishing the story, and a suppression of the manuscript if certain fears of his could be proved to have a foundation. The story concerns the disappearance of a ruby from the jewel safe of the King of Zeeland, who has contracted to buy it from its Indian owner, but who declines to do so on the representations of the British Ambassador, whose vassal the first proprietor of the ruby is. The English Foreign Office send over their best man to Investigate the business, and a good many curious things happen be fore he solves the secret of Its vanishment. How the Princess comes to figure as an ac cused lady in connection with the crime, how the ruby is finally recovered half-way on its journey iback to India —to relate these things would be unfair to the author. Suffice it to say that tfie cleverness of the idea^ is quite on a level with the rest of the Jork and the writer's principal character, V^rri ter, of the Foreign office, who is an excellent type of a high - class detective. Though slight in form' and superficial in subject tihe interest of " The Accused Princess" is well sustain ed throughout, and at the -worst the novel possesses just as much merit as the ordin ary hundred and one books of its class. It exhibits neither utter weakness nor great strength—a mediocrity, but a readable one. " Leaves froni a Squatter's Note-book," by Thomas Major (Sands and Co.: through George Robertson and Co.).—To the younger generation, who can not yet count thirty summers to their age, tie old days of Aus tralian history are for the most pant dim and misty times with one or (wo events a little more clearly defined in the general haziness. We are fast beginning tft forget the past in the hurry of the present, And to men like Thcmias (Major, whose colonial experience dates back nearly (fifty years, we owe an immense debt of gratitude for trying to keep before us the trials and dangers the early pioneers of 'this continent had to sur mount. Mr. Major's style is not polished, he seeks no adventitious aid whereby he may drive home a piecte of descriptive work, but his record, set down though it be in bald narrative form, has the recommenda tion that it is true—not merely founded on fact with the basis overshadowed .by the fiction built up on it,'bu)t a chronicle of abso lutely real incidents of his career. We read of the struggles with early ibiaoks, tfoe expe dition^ in search of new country, the many experiences of a squatter's varied life in the sixties and seventies. There is much that amuses in the different chapters, more that Interests, and in all the ibook there is not a single page that should be missed. For the older men in the colonies it will serve to call back the days that were, and ser. them thinking of their fight when lortune was still unmade, while for the younger, it will be a lesson better than any of the hard times their parent* had, compared with the ease of their own condition. 