TALES AND SKETCHES. [All Rights Reserved.] FACING THE DEVIL : A North Country Talc, By WILLIAM WESTALL (Author of "Red Ryvington, " &c.;) Robert Wynshaw. generally known as 'Rob fro' Redburn,' and by the polite addressed as "Robbut," was in love with Mary Dinsley, otherwise "Mary o' Matta" and his love was returned. He had been courting her secretly for several months, and as folk were beginning to talk and discovery was imminent, be could no lon- ger put off asking her father's consent to their betrothal, though, as be remarked to his familiar friend, he would as lief face the devil. For albeit Wynshaw was a fine, strapping, steady young fellow, doing well as a master wheelwright in a small way, and farming profitably on a small scale, he was regarded as being socially beneath the Dineleys, both by the girl's neighbours and her father, a prosperous yeoman, who besides owning a coal pit, acted as agent to the lord of the manor. Sir Oliver Carr. Moreover. "Owd Matt," as people called him behind his back (though always careful to address him as "Mathy"), was a very choleric, absolute gentleman, with beetling brown, white bristling whiskers, a ruddy countenance, and a portly presence. He was, in addition, given to strong language on Blight provo- cation, and carried a thick stick, which he had been known to use for other purposes than as an aid to walking. Not a pleasant person to be asked for a possession he set so great store by as Mary, whom he probably loved as much as his land, and more than his coal pit. Folk said she could twist him round her finger, which, however, was true only as touching trifles ; for in great matters "Owl Matt" ruled bis house as despotically as a Turkish Pasha rules his harem. Even had an eligible, that is to say, a wealthy suitor presented himself, Matthew would not easily have been persuaded to part with his lass, and Wynshaw was pain- fully consciona of not being an eligible suitor, from the old man's point of view. Nevertheless, be hoped for the best, reckon- ing much on Mary's influence with him, and on his concern for her welfare. So one fine Saturday afternoon Rob donned his Sunday clothes, and went on his errand to Rhydding Farm, where he found Mr. Dinsley in the stackyard, to his satisfaction, an interview out o' doors seeming to the young man less formidable than a talk by the fireside or across a table. Wynshaw looked so serious and diffident that Matthew suspected he came to borrow money, and made up his mind on .the instant to lend him none, save on \- undeniable security. When Wynshaw said "Good day to yo', Mr. Dinsley," the sus- picion became certainty. Moorsiders not beingr in the habit of "Mistering" each other. It sounded "hollow," they thought. 'Good day to to'. Wynsbaw. What's your will f he answered, and asked. \- Well, th' truth is. Tve come, that is I TOeaa ? ' began Rob, ana then stuck £ast. 'Co on. mon. we're not childer to ham mer and stammer, and talk about nowt : out vi' it.' quoth the old man impatientlv. 'Well, to tell th' plain truth, I've come to ax yo' to do me a. bit of a kindness,'7 answered Wynshaw with effort. 'That means borrow a bit o' brass. I reckon ? ' ' Kay. nay, I want to borrow no brass, I haven't come down to (hat ' Interrupted Sob hastily. '? I want yo' to let me Ved yore Mary— that's aw.'' For a moment Dineley stared as (hough he did not understand.' Then his big rod face grew purple, hit; eyes flashed, and he . handled his knob stick 'as if he were going to fie-ht. fc * 'Thee. thee. a bit of a wheelwright. wif two journeymen and a 'prentice, and a twotliry acres o' land as wouldn't keep a peewit, and as brown as a hare's back ? thee, wed my lass as 11 have five thousand pounds to her fortun' — happen moor— when I dee ! That's air. is it ? Well III bedonnned !' exclaimed Dineley. cxeitedlr. ' U there nowt else ? While tliou'rc at j it thou may as well open thv mouth a bit , wider.' ' Nowt but Mary, and as for your brass ! you may keep it. I »ant none'of it.' re plied Hob, stuns by the old man's scorn j 'Thou shall have navther Tone nor t'other. Does thou hear ? Vaytlier t'one nor t'other, not while thy heart Wats. That's thy answer, my lad. Kaa. pike 'Don't be so liasty. Matthew.' pleaded Rob mastering his anger, '(am better off than yo' think ; th' business is doing middling wed. I have two hundred ponnds in th' bank. I can give Mary n pood home. I love her gradely wee!, and lioo's ean her consent.' E * Hoo's gan her consent, has hoo ? Well, hooil hare to ungirc it, and if there's any moor coorting, or sich like nonsense, 111 tak* a stick to her.' ' Not that stick, surely !' saia Bob, sar castically, glancing at old Matt's cudgel. : - 111 tak' it to ihee if thou doesn't pet thee gone,' returned Dineley, with a threa tening gesture. 'On, vo' can hit me if yo' like : Tin not flayed, fcut I don't, think that Ul on yo' as to believe as yoll strike a lass ; and (her vore on daughter. But do what yo' like, and say what yo' will, Tse not gie Mary up, and I'm much mista'en if yo' mak' her gie me up. Good day to yo', -lr. Dinc 'And with that Hob took himself off. ' Bide bis time ! That means till 1 dee ; domm his impudence. But ni show him different, Til, JT1,' muttered Matthew, and without finishing his sentence he strode wiathfully into the house, where, as he exnected. he found Mary, a bright win some lass, with rosy cheeks, blue eyes, and flaxen hair ; but just then looking far from happy, for she had caught sight of her sweetheart as be entered the farmyard and guessed his errand, and her father'6 face told her only too well how Bob had fared. 'So thou has gctten agate a eoortjng, and wi' a wastrel like Wynshaw ! I thought better on thee than that, Mary,' said Matthew reproachfully. ' Nay, father, Robert is no wastrel, and that you well know,' returned the girl, who had a good deal of her father's spirit. 'Well, he is not much good or he wouldn't ha' came sneaking after tee baat saying owt. Anyhow, he isn't good enough for thee.' ' What for V ' Because foe has nowt ; or next to nowt, nobbut a wheelwright's shop and a bit o' locsey hind as would be dear at ten pound an acre, and IVe yerd as that is mort gaged. Thou mun have a better chap than him. Marv.™ ' I want no better, father, and TV have no other.' 'What, thon sets me at defiance?' 'Telling you th' truth— and I should be deceiving .yo* if I told yo' o-wt else — isn't setting you at defiance, surely.' ' Well, promise me as thoull have nowt more to do wi* him.' Mary made no answer. 'Thoull not Very well, 111 alter my will, and not leave thee a penny : if thon tries to get wed baat my consent m for bid ih' tes ; and if Wynshaw shows his face on this ground, either bv davlight or dark. Ill set th' dogs at him.' Still Mary kept silent- To speak without vielding had only been to increase her father's irritation, and she was resolved net to yield, come what might. He. on his part, -was equally Tesolved not to hare Wynshaw for a son-in-law, and in his anger made things as unpleasant for Mary as be could, even going so far as to say that if he heard of her speaking to her lover he would turn her out of doors. Which naturally made the girl tuihappy, but as she had full charge of the house and the dairy, less so than she might have been. She had no time to brood : and was moreover sustained by the hope that, i sooner or later, her father wculd relent, for though so hot tempered and stern, he had always, untO then, been good and kind to her. especially since her mother's death. But her cares were reflected in her face; her roses began to fade, and in a s=parsely ixipnlated place like Moorside, where evcrvbodv njiaded his nf-i«rlihnur~s busi ness as much as he minded his ovi-n. the cause of Marv's uuhappincss was no secret. Most of the men and all the women took her part, and Matthew, thoash so stolid and thick-skinned, could not help seeing that he was becoming a verv unpopular person. Mrs. Candy, otherwise Jane o' Jeffs, tackled him in the lane, aud gave him 9 piece of her uiind. 'Tour Mary looks grzdely ill, Mathv.' she s-aid. staving right before him. '' Her cheeks, as used to be so red. is just like two dish-clout£. £ wonder at you !' ' What do you mean, you hussr !' de manded the old man furiously. 'Just von mind your oxrn business.' 'Just yo' mind as vo' don't commit murder, for if th' lass dees, her death 11 he at yore door, and Boh Wvushaw is as decent a lad as there is i' Ih' country side! Shame on yo'. for a hard-hearted father.'7 'If yo' don't hoird yore noise and get out o' th' gate. Ill, 111 knock you down,' exclaimed Matthew, raising his' stick. Ur». Candy raised liw lrasket as a smriA. and prepared to make plav with her um brella. ' I 'Come on, von owd tvrant. I'm nni damited.' Mil* cried. ' What belter are yo' j than onylKklr else. except fur yore bit' o' j stinking brass * Do yo' think o' taking : it wi' you' where voVe soing to ? Jf vo' do. itil melt.' Matthew would have answered, but rage choked his uf lemncc. and reflecting that it 1 ill became m n f 1 *- * ri 4 1 gacc in an altercation with a plasterer's ' wife, he slipimi past her and walked off. amid the laughter of soine half-dozen gos sips who luid \ntnes.^ed the encounter I The incident was naturally magnified. If rumour mipht be believed,' and we know, heir prone people are to accept rumour as I truth. Jane o* Jeffs, after reproacliinff ' Owd Matt ' with his cruelty, had put ' ,him to flight with her umbrella. i V-± these things merely hardened hit. heart, anil intensified his resolve not to' consent to his daughter's marriage with Wvnshavr, and though as determined as ! ever not to renounce him, Mary could not : uioke up her mind to many without her j father's consent. I Rut the stars in their courses fonght for tfce lovers, and the stern old yeoman was brought to his knees in a way that nobody t«uld have foreseen. !-H^«- nineiev's land, and at uo great depth was a scam of good coal, the chief source of his wealth. Be had one mine known as the - Xook Pit.' and was sink ing another, and never a day passed that hedid not spend several horns in the litUe shanty 'on th' bonk,' which served as an office. One morning, a week or two after the encounter with Jane o' Jeffs, Matthew went there as usual, and to his surprise, found all the colliers overground instead of underground, talking vociferously, and in a state of great excitement. 'A turn out !' he thought. 'Whats up nov, i~ he asked. -The deril,' answiered one of the col ' Nay, he isn't. 1 wish he wor, he'a uaan.' put in another. ' What dun yo' mean 1' demanded Mat thew, with a strong emphasis on the 'dun.' * Han. vo' aw gone mad f ' ' Tho' owd lad is i' th' pit. That is what we mean.' 'Bubhitch.' .. _ 'it is no rubbitch. I re seen turn. ' So han we aw,' shouted the others. Matthew began to be slightly bewildered. \- Where's th' bonksman !' he asked. ' Here !' responded the individual in oncslion who looked pale through his prime, aud was wiping the sweat from fais orehead with a dirty shirt sleeve. ' What's all this oonsense V ' it's no nonsense, mayster. Th' chaps had not been daan many minutes when there wor such a din and hullabaloo, and nooing at th' ropes, and as I thought th' jit wor afire, and thev coom np aw of a tremble aud looking like ghosteses. They said as they had seen th' owd lad, and they would iiut go daan again': so I went mysd.-' ' \nd did vo' see owt ^ -I «d that.' -^What-T 'A great black thing wi' horns, and cloven hoofs, and blazing 'een.' ' And then ?' ' I gcet aat as fast a» they could poo me «?-.' -' Rubbitcli,' repeated Matthew. ' I didn't think vo' wor such a noddv, Jim.' -A noddy, am 1 * Well, go daan your f?el and see how yo' like it.*' ' I am going, will you go wi' me ?' ' 111 feyt ony Christian o' my weight i* these parts, mayster, but face th' devil twice i' one day I will not, nayther for ' Will ony o' yo' chaps go wi' me V said Dineley, appealing to the company at large. Kobody responded. 'A pack of cowards.' he exclaimed scorn fully. ' Well, 111 go by mysd, owd mon as i am, and shame you aw. Gie me a candle. A lighted candle being stuck on Mat thew's hat with a piece of clay, he stepped into the bucket, and was lowered down the pit. which -vas uot more than ten or fifteen yards deep. Ten minutes afterwards tho rope was violentlv agitated, a hoarse- voice cried, \- l'oo, poo, for God's sake, poo V and pre sently up came (he old nian, without his hat, his hair standing on end, his face as white as a sheet. ' Tli' devil sure enough !' he gasped. ' What is to be done, naa T 'Dommed if I know,' answered Jim, -but as tlf chaps willn't go daan agean, they may as wed go whoani. There's as much coil on Ih' bonk as, will keep th' carts going this week aftt.** Matthew went home too. very crestfal len, and so subdued in spirit that be spoke kindly to his daughter for the first time since tlwar estrangement, so kindlr that she saw something Iiad gone wrong, and iiHuire-1 s; mpathe'.icaily what was trnub liug him. On which he told all that Iiad passed, rhen added : ' It's a gi.-.Jily lad job, and like to be a hea\y loss.. I've a contract on wi' th' Tleerclough printinj: shop, aud unless I keep up'«i' my deliveries I'se be let in for n« end o' damages. But how can I deliver if th' rliaps \rilln't work t And if III' Jtir gets th' character o' iieui.^ baunted. ntiV»ay will uo (loan for no bri--s, and li;e^ I sliall be .'can ruined.' All llii,. it mav be well to cxnl.iiru l» pencd towards. the end of the eighteenth ceniury. when ignorance and superstition preatiy abounded : and Moorside was not exactly in the van of civilisation. There were probably not a dozen men in the town ship who could road and write, few were so sceptical as to disbelieve in witchcraft and apparitions, or doubt that ' tli' owd lad ' neearionally revisit«l ' the glimpses cf the inoon.' and had Ven seen lately and repeatedly by people of credit. ^i^ry. though more enliirhtened and less ei**uuloiis than nwnv *ii tbeir neighbours, could not tell whut'to make of it all. ' You are sure you saw something ?'she asked. i - As sure as I'm alive.' was the emphatic jansver. WI never seed th' devil afore, though, mouy a one has. But there he wor, and no tTTtst?k**J wi* his horns and ' blaring 'een, and as black as my hat,' ' But why should he tak' possession o' th' Nook Pit more than another f , .= 'That is more than I can tell thee, : ilan,' said Matthew, aespondingty, for the thought crossed bis mind that it might be a judgment on him for not keeping a promise he made to his wife on her death- - tod. to be ahrave kind and indulgent to th' little lass. -It is more than I can tdl tiiec ; but summat mun be done. Could owd Jenny do owt, thinks tha ?' \- What'? You wouldn't have her to go into th* pit, surely ? The poor old body is bent with age, and crippled with rheu- : matism-' \- Xay, 1 did not mean that. I was only thinking as she mut do fiummat with her spells, or what not, to fot him aat.' Old Jenny had the reputation of being a ' wise woman.** She told fortunes, sold love philtres, and was believed by some to have dose relations -with supernatural powers. Among these was not Maty, and her father had often made merry over his neighbours' credulity and Jenny's preten- . ; sions ; but he «as under the influence of tho dreadful sight he had beheld, in the pit, and ready to grasp at any expedient, horr erer desperate, that seemed in the least likely to get him out of the worst hobble in which he had ever found Mmnrff 'Will thou go and see Jenny, ana « her to come :' he added. ' 111 eend th' . shandry for her, and give her & sovereign, and as much gin as hoo likes to ens.' Marv had no objection to a walk across the moor, and, pleased with her father's new bom urbanity, set off forthwith. . -_ Jenny lived in a lone cottage bj the roadside, and in appearance was the very image of one of the Luica&faifv.; witches that in olden times used to haunt -!ie forest of Pcndle. She had a black cat, too, the sole companion of her solitude. At first the old body was coy, protesting ; that she had no more power .over devils than anybody else, but on the mention ol . gin, a sovereign, and a ride (n the shandiy, promised to come to the pit next morn- --* ing and do whst she could. On her vray back Mary fell in Vrtth her sweetheart, whom she told what had fian pened, and where she had been, which seemed greatly to amuse him, and he laughed loud amd long, lor ttumgh not highly educated, Wynshaw had common ' There is no devil f th* pit, not thert Ifs aw stuff and nonsense,' he saio ? Bnt there's something; the colliers : saw it, and Jim, the bonkeman, and my feytlier. and they cannot all be mista'en/* returned Mary. , ' Summit, I daresay, bnt so devil, nor nowt wT ony malice,; or it would never ha' let 'em get out o' th' pit. When folk are gradely nayca, they see what isn't. Did not Betty o' Ben's see a spirit in Bed Lane and go into fits, and it turned out to be a woman's shift, as somebody had hinur in a tree to dry 1 At eight o'clock Jenny has to he at th' Nook, has hoo T ' WelL HI be there too, just to see what comes of it aw !~ ?'So shall 1.' And so they -wers, as aha many others nho had heard what was in the wind, though most of them kept at a respectful distance, and readv to ran if aneht m cannv befell. * Jenny made a very poor Mother Dem dike : all she lid being to mutter some thing that Rounded like an incantation, and drop into the pit a charm, wrapped in a leaf tern from the Bible. -1 ' If that does not fot him, nowt will,' she said as she hobbled up to Matthew to receive her reward. '1 think it will he aw rert now,' he remarked, with more confidence than he felt. - Who'll po daan and see. S' '* I will.' answered the bonksman, who, having recovered from his fright, was be ginning to be ashamed of his cowardico. i£o down he went, onlv, however, 10 re« turn looking, if possible,' more scaved than before. _ ' He's there yet,' was all he could sav. The bystanders looked grave, nobody more so than Dineley, who was now at the end of his resources, and uttetir nen plussed. '' If yon like 111 go daan and see what I can do.' said Wyusliaw, stepping up to him. -and 1 promise you one thing, III bring this devil into dayligUt, 01 find out what lie is made on.' '*'»?? ; *°u will face him a«r by your. -That'* whsf 1 mean.' \- Well, if yoll do that, and rou can «e* tli' chap- to go back -o iheir work, vo' and mcll be friends, and you may see onr 'Agreed,' returned Wynsliaw, and the nexi moment be was being lowered into the pit. where he remained so long that Mary, fearing that some harm had befallen jluin, began to lie uneasy. At last, when jSU.tncn^e was growins painful, the rfgnaj to Maul up was given. :..';ls«-'C ''I'*'1 aswn-1«i '» *as observed thai \\\ .vn^haw was not alone. He seemed 10 be stnoping a nd holding something down, whicli cci'-ld r.ot be seen. ' Ifcre he is. Here's th' owd devil.' he shouted, as he lifted out of the bucket ? gicat black billypoat. all skin and bone. lor ji minute or two there was mute suivnse. theu an outburst of uproarious laughter in which Matthew, small as he felt, could not help joining. ' Toll go to yonr work now, I reckon,'' he said to the colliers. 'Bat 1 cannot blame yo\ I've been as big a few' as onybody Then to Wvnshaw, in a whisper : ' I'll ' be as good u my word. Thou's litteno thy feet this time, like the bairgost when he fell into tb' pit. Come and have a bit o' supper wT ns to-neet- I daresay MsryTl be lain to see thee.' (The End-J 