^uEhc ipirtc |iccat^cc. Saturday^ August 4, 1900. ! i The United Quadrilles.—-O.i Thurs day evening the Uniteds. hold an enjoy able dance, when about thirty c »u(>Ies attended. Tlie (Jnitcds will hold their "long night" on Thursday, August 23rd. Congregational Church.—The laying of memorial stones in connection with the additions to the Congregational Church will take place 011 Wednesday afternoon next at 3 o'clock. During the proceedings a tablet will bo unveiled in memory of the late Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A. Beetal'io Waterworks. — In the Assembly 011 Wednesday the Commis of Public Works, in reply to Mr. Shannon, said he believed there were about 256 million gallons of water now in the Bactaloo reservoir. Nadijuck Copper Mine. -The Secre tary of the above informs us that the last ] parcel of ore sent to Wallaroo, weighing 12J tons, yielded a return of 25 15 per cei.t. of pure copper. Another parcel is being put together, 3nd will be forwarded at an early date. Welcome to Captain and Mrs. Buriiop.—Captain aud Mrs. Burhop, who succeed Adjutant and Mrs. McDonald in command ofHfhe local Salvation Army Corps, arrived here on Thursday, and were tendered a cordial welcome by the soldiers and friends in the Barracks the same evening. Adjutant and Mrs. Mc Donald'left for their new home at Mount Gimbier on Wednesday morning. . Deatu of an old Piriean. — On Monday last an old Port Piriean, Mr. George Graham, died at his residence, Si'lomontown. Djcensod was one of the pioneers of the p:»rt, and for many yeirs employed in th ) Waterworks Department here. His remains were interred in the Port Pine Cemetery on Tuesday after noon, a number of the members of tne Orange Lodge, to which deceased be longed. joining in the procession. Mr. Graham leaves a widow and one grown up son. A Ghost ! —Reports have been freely circulated of late to the effect that some individual, disguised by means of a dark mantle has been causing a scire among the more susceptible residents of Port Pirie West and the Island. Vague rumors have been afloat as to the identity of the mysterious individual, but it does not soenvth it anyone has up to now had a personal encounter with the "ghost." We have, heard of liinid. women and; children-' being frightened by the j strange apparition, If a practical j jolier is at work it may possibly' interest liim or her to know that there , is a cage -locally prepared for nocturnal "larks." . I I Esrolmbst of Mounted Infantry. - ' On Wednesday evening ibo Com nandant ' (Colonel Stuart) and Sergt.-Major Har rington arrived by train for the purpo3e of enrolling the men who had submitted themselves as members of the newly formed mounted infantry company. The proceedings took place in the Interna tional Hall. After the men - to the number of 26 —had been pissed by Drs. Stewart and Carr, they were sworu-tii by Colonel Stuart. The Cjmmartdant after wards addressed the men, advising them to be attentive to drill if they wished to become proficient, and teliing those who thought they wo.uld not be able to attend regularly not to join. Of all duties they must pay strict attention to drills, obey the commands of their officers, and not enter into the matter in a half-hearted fashion. Major tlc.vney, Lieut. Pearce, Lieut. Deer (Port Germein), and Sergt.. Major Miell (Crystal Brook) were also present during the proceedings.. Five members of E Company (foot) applied to be transferred to the mount eds, and a like number from the Port Germein Cumpauy made application to ho included in the new Company. In addition lo the officers named, a number of other military nien, members of E Company, and townspeople were spectators of the pro ceedings. The members of the newly formed compmy who presented them selves Sre a line body of men, and are dra-vn from the district surrounding Port Piiie. It is expected that the uniforms for the men will be available in about a fortnight's time. The Napferby-Tarcoola Syndicate. -Owing to the Phi ess nf their pr >speetor, Mr. It- Bull, who is laid up with typhoid fever at Wilgena station, the directors on Thursiay morning despatched Mr. N. Simon t t<» the Tarco >Ja lield, wi h in structions to take charge nf aud develop their property. Mr. S. Martin, the chairman of directors, informs us that the prospects of the company are most promising. Popular Concert.—On Wednesday evening another of the series of popular concerts being given in S. Paul's School room was held. There was a good atten dance, and the following programme was carried out:—Overture, . Mr. Barton's Orchestra ; song, " The Wreath," Choir boys ; piano solo, Miss Bessie Milbourh ; song, Mr. Burton Hardy ; violin solo, Mr. Bobbo Warren ; part soug, Mr. Barton's orchestra; trio for piano, violin, aud violoncello, Misses Scott and Mansom ; sung (with violin obligate), " Dream "Voices," Mrs. A. Ilamlin White ; recita tion, " The Building of St. Sophia," Mr. C. Morgan ; vocal quartette, "Farewell," Mrs. White, Miss K. Mansom, 'Messrs. Hardy and Wbite ; club swinging, High School Girls ; instrumental, Mr. Barton's orchestra ; Mrs. Jarley's Waxworks, ar ranged by Mr. Barton. Concert at S. Barnabas', Solomon town.—There was a good attendance at the concert held in S. Barnabas' School room, Solomontoivn, on Tuesday last. The following was the programme arranged for the evening : —Overture, Miss M. Blake ; sons, Mr. J. C. Good hart : recitation, Miss Jean Wood : song, Mrs. J. Hamlin White ; song, Brother Walter; recitation, Mr. H. N. Banvell ; song, Miss Abe'il ; violin solo, Miss Mardie Ewens ; song, Miss 0. Nicholas ; gramophone selection, Mr. Murdoch ; song, Mr. E. Illman ; recitation, M«ss Jean Wood ; song, Mr. J. Hamlin White ; duet, the Misses Brown ; reading. Brother-Walter ; song, Mr. A. P. Kum nick ; the humorous sketch, " Pair of Lunatics," in which the characters wore •'George Fielding," Mr. F. W. Walters; " Clara Manners," Miss Katie Wood. Tub Wilok.vv Goldfjelos. — The Napperby Syndicate (says the Advertiser) ' have secured three 40 acre blocks at the Earea Lake, joining the Enterprise and Excelsior claims, and in the direct line of the supposed tin lode, which is described as 3 ft, thick. Mr, Jones, assistant manager of the Enterprise at Earea Dam, reports costeening o:i the reward cliiin at some distance From the "Golden fluid," in order to pick up the reef, but Ins not yet done so. The North Western Syn dicate are still sinking to cut the Enter prise lode, which they expect to do at about 100 fir. The new find on leas >. 007 of the Tarco.i] i South property is re ported by all who have seen it to be immensely rich. The reef is a large on-;, and the hole is only down 5 fr. The stone is permeated with coarse gold, described as being as big as " the tops of one's fingers," "waistcoit bu tons," "studs," &c.; Captain Williams, mana ger of the mine, has been fortunate enough to strike a plentiful supply of salt water in a shaft on lease 90S, close to the southern boundary of the Tar C'lola Blocks Company, The supp'y is reported lo be equal to 400 gallons an hour. Tins is of immense imp >r'ance to tho Hold, proving the existencj <>f water at a reasonable depth for battery work. Americas Gems. — At the Aneriuan Gem Studio, Ellen-street (next Simps-n and Close's), the public can secure sixteen photos iu four different jvsiii >ns at the nominal charge of Is. The linn are al ready doing good business, and patrons are well satisfied with their work. A tiial j sittingis sufficient to .guarantee satis, j fiction. * ' Opening a Branch,of,thb.A.N-A. A branch of the ; Australian N..t. vo j Association was',,ppenod iii ;P<-Jv > Pine on Wednesday evening. Mnj«»r vr^nwers (president of the S,A. Board of Direc tors) instituted the branch and. handed this charter to the President (Mr. O. Schubert). Addresses were given by Mr. E.S. Hughes (vice-presiden', <>f tl»a Adelaide . branch) Mr, ■ G. '< ICaeualer /general secretary), Mr. r* Schubert, and Mr. W. J Sowden, who made an eloquent and highly interesting speech. It is a pity so many »f our townspeople missed the opponu lity of hearing it. • r, The Editok of the '• Registf.b _ . in . Pokt Piuie,—Mr. W. J. S iwdeu arrived in Port Pirie by Wednesdayiiioriiing 8 train from Broken Hilt. , Be visi'ed tho port to take part in tho ceremony attend ing the openiug of the local branch of the A.N,A., in the formation of which b 'dy _ and the shaping of its policy Mr. Sowden " has exercised a powerful influence. Accouipanyiug Mr. Sowden weYe Major Genders, Mr. E. S. Hughes, and Mr. G. E. Kreusler, members of the general executive. The visitors »ere met on arrival by the Mayor, Mr. Schubert, and . others, and during the morning wore driven round tho town. Tho afternoon was spent at the Smelters unci Relinery, over which the visitors were courteously shown by the manager (Mr. W Robort a in). Mr. Sowden had not visited P»>rt Pirie for a period of twelve yoirs, and he confessed to being agreeably sur prised atthegrow.h the town has made in the interval. Ho thinks thero is a big future in store for the port, as he regards the wealth of tho Birrier as practically inexhaustible^ Mr, Sowden left by Thursday morning's train f<»r the city. . In the Assembly ou Thursday afternoon Mr. Solomon asked the Premier, i i view of the expressed wish of a maj irity of the House that the rates <>f railway cu-riage should be lowered for slimes and low grade ores, would the Government, sug gest tho matter for the immediate^con sideration of the Railways Cont ois doner. The Premier replied that the vote taken on the previous night gave a ni >jority •if 5 against the rates being lowered. (Mr. Solomon-Only half the House voted. A number of members did n>t pair.) The Government would a nd to the Railways Commissioner tiu remarks . Mr. Solomon had nude on Mr. Grayson's statements at Broken Hill, ami if it was found that the present rates prevented slime3 from being sent down, and that a reasonable reduction would secure the trucking of large quantities, no doubt the Railways Commissioner wou'd make a reoommendatlon which the Government would be prepared to act upon. Tub Pilot Launch.—The PoitfPirie pilots having asked the Marino B>ard to assist them in obtaining f.om tho Go vernment from £L,500 to £2.000, for a term of 20 years, at nominil interest, to be paid back in monthly instalments, so that they could purchase a launch for tho better conduct of the pilot service in Spencers Gulf (says the AdocrtLw.) Toe boiird sought information irotn Victoria as to the course pursued there. In reply, the Victorian Department of Trade and Customs intimated that their Go vernment had advanced a loan in terms of an Act to enable the Victorian pilots to obtain a steam vessel. The Govern ment collected the pilotage rates, and handed the proceeds over, less certain deductona, to the pilo's, an 1 the Act "ave tho power to deduct the specified amount in repayment of the principal and interest of the loan. On tho motion of Warden Phillips, sec rnded by Berry, it was decided to forward the request of the Port Pirie pilots to the Tioasurer, together with all infurnv.itio'.» obtained from Victoria, animating that the 1) >ird favourably considered the prop ml for the Government to advance tho'.money, provided a satisfactory guyan'ee could be given to the Government an to the refund of the money, and as to the efficient maintenance of the launch, Bauuibb Ore Rates. -- Our City correspondent writes: . — Tlii-s subject occasioned a late sitting in tlu Assembly on Wednesday night.: and though the Government forced a division, having their numbers, the result is un doubtedly to weaken their : prestige. The victory was achieved by the ratting of three members and the abs oiition..from voting of four others. Even then the majori'y was but six. The,two grounds upon which tho Government ■ were challenged were tint, it had been incon testably proved that the increase h id al ready proved detrimental to the interests of tho colony, and that the Government in adoptiug the recommendation of the Railways Commissioner had accepted the responsibility of his policy and flouted the House. In regard to the first point the testimony of Mr. Grayson is convincing. On tho second, the House had warned the Government not to interforo with the. matter, and the alteration was a eiseof robbing Paul to pay Peter. Vet the House^tatnely submitted to be snubbed, and members cry out that they are not respected outside ! ; : . 