The Heiress of Lisle Court, Lady Carlyon was delighted. It was the proudest moment of Rita's life. Every eye was turned upon her. She stood erect in the pride of her magnificent beauty, and his royal highness bent before her, dazzled by the light of that wondrous face. He murmured .some few complimentary words and then solicited the favour of one waltz The keenestobservercould nothave de tected one passing gleam of triumph in the dark eyes; the snowy plumage of the gor geous fan did not flutter as she held it against her bosom. Accustomed to stately beauties and ladies of high degree, the duke, the cynosure of all eyes, said to himself that the debuntante surpassed them all. Rita saw the envious and admiring glances that followed her every movement; she knew that the homage of her royal partner would give .a stamp and seal to her popu larity-would set her far above all rivals. Even while'she was in the whirl of the dance she thought of all these things. One idea was paramount-Lord Lisle would see how others worshipped her, and it might make him more eager in his wooing. When the waltz ended, and the duke re turned-with his beautiful partner to the seat she had left, Lord Lisle was there with Lady Carlyon. Rita's triumph was com plete. His royal highness danced no more; during the few minutes that he remained he lingered by her side; when he bade her adieu, it was with a wish, most flatteringly expressed, that he might have the pleasure of seeing her again. It was a lesson in worldiness to see how she was surrounded then. Yet no one could discern the faintest consciousness of her success. Her smiles were brighter and more charming than usual; nothing else denoted any elation. Lord Lisle was struck with what he saw. Surely this girl, from whom he would so gladly have freed himself, must have fascina tions that he did not understand. All around him people were talking of her; the men in warmest, most extravagant terms ; the ladies, with affected candor and ill-concealed jea lousy. .How was t that he alone of all the world was untouched by her beauty, un. charmed by her stately grace ?' 'You look rather tired,' said Lady Carlyon to SMiss Lisle. 'You have danced every dance, I believe. Lord Lisle, where is your gallantry 1 Miss Lisle would perhaps like to walk through the rooms. A few minutes in the conservatory would be refreshing; it is cool and fragrant.' With a silent bow, Philip offered his arm to Rita, and they walked through the long suite of rooms. 'Opportunities are given to most men,' said-Philip. 'I had better mane the most of mine, as I have a question to ask to-night. I will ask it now and here.' There was no one in the conservatory. Philip placed a chair for Rita near the pretty lily-shaped fountain. 'There could not be a more pleasant place to repose,' he said. 'It is cool, fragrant and quiet; the sound of this falling water lulls one to rest.' She was gazing dreamily into the rippling water; the music of it took her back to Queen's Lynne. She saw a gorgeous evening sky a stretch of golden sand, and a sunlit, smiung'sea. She' saw a dark, handsome face looking in her own; her hands seemed to burn where those passionate kisses had fallen; words such as she would never hear again sounded once more in her ear. -'Bow he loved me,' she thought; 'and I never cared for him !' 'Rita,' said the low voice of Philip Lisle, ' can you spare me a few momeits ? I have something particular to say to you.' She raised her eyes from the rippling water and looked anxiously at him. S't' Lord Lisle was puzzled what to say. HadiDaisy been sitting there he would have simply said : 'Tell me, Daisy, when will you be my wife.' He was .too honest to feign a love he did not feel, yet he wished to be kind and affec tionate to the young girl -his dying kinsman had confided to him. :'Do you .remember the evening your. father died,' he asked, 'and what passed then ?' A crimson blush covered her face Could pit be that the one passionate hope of her heart'was to be gratified at last ? 'I could never forget it,' she said, gently; and then a deep silence fell upon them. .'Rita,' continued Lord Lisle, arousing himself .at last, ' I am but an awkward wooer -so awkward that I am astonished at my self.. Can you overlook that-will you pardon my abruptness, and tell me when you will consent to he my wife 1' For the first time that evening Rita lost her self-possession; the jeweled fingers trembled, the rich color faded from her cheek and lips. ' Th.t is an important question,' she said. '.Yes,' said Philip gravely. 'Do not let me hurry you, Rita. Take time to think it over. Give me.your answer when you like.' 'I do.not require time for thinking,' she said ; 'it' is not that.' All that was'womanly and tender in her seemned'to be aroused; the pride and hau teur.died from her face; a light, soft and beautiful, came into it; the dark, lustrous eyes weie dimmed with happy tears. 'Itris not that, Philip,' she said, aisingand placing her hand on his arm. 'I am ready to redeem my promise whenever you will! but do you love me-tell me do you love me I' Lord Lisle felt an uncomfortable sensation, as if being placed in the greatest difficulty any one had'ever been in. He could not look into that beautiful face, and say bluntly he did not love her; nor could he feign a lover's raptuire that he did not feel. He evaded all reply by raising her hand and pressing his. lips upon it. 'There are times,' she said, with rare and graceful humility, ' when I feel unworthy to be. your wife. My life -has 'not been all happiness' He interrupted her, touched to the heart by that rare softening, and murmured some thing to the effect that she was worthy to be a queen. ' Ah, no,' she said, 'I am not Wiorthy, but if you love me, if I am your wife,'I will try as I have never done before. And you will help me ?' Lord Lisle was only mortal. The beauti ful pleading face so near his own; the dark, lustrous eyes swimming in tears; she so proud to others, courted, flattered, admired. He clasped her in his arms'and kissed the tears away. wI will do my best,' he said, gently, 'to make you happy, Rita. Tell me--when will you be my wife I' They stood by the little fountain, whose pretty, rippling waters told nothing of the dread tragedy even then looming in the dis tance, and they talked of the marriage that was to take place when the summer flowers had ceased to bloom and the autumn leaves were falling. CIIOAItER XX. ON arriving home on that eventful night, Eits hurried to her own room. 'She required o attendance--she longed to be alone. During the whole evening she had exercised marvelous self-control. She had seen her self queen of the most brilliant throng in London. Men whose names were historical had vied with each other who should pay the most flattering homage to her-royal lips had complimented her; and then came the crowning triumph-Lord Lisle, whom she loved with all the stresigtb of her am bitious nature, had asked her to say when she would be his wife. All this had hap pened-the very depths of her heart had been stirred. Now she wanted to be alone to think it over. The wax tapers were lighted on the sumptuous toilet- table--a cosy easy-chair was drawn up to it. Rita fastened the door and seated herself before the large mirror. The future lay before her-one path of roses. There was not a thorn to be seen in it-not a cloud in the bright sky that smiled upon her. In a few short months the dearest wish of her heart would be gratified-she would be Lady Lisle. ' He loves me,' she said to herself; ' and in time to come he will worship me.' ' After all,' she said to herself,' it has prospered. What an old woman's tale all that nonsense about evil and good is ! I have made the most of circumstances-the most of my beauty. I have trampled under foot all that the world calls honour and truth. What am I the worse ? Why need 1 have feared what fools call retribution ? I have prospered. Evil has been my good. There is no more a shadow of danger to fear. Henceforward my life will be a series of triumphs one more brilliant than the other. All the world shall know and talk of the beautiful Lady Lisle!' Her eyes wandered from her own face to the shining diamonds Suddenly they fell upon a white, folded paper lying underneath the mirror. She thought nothing of it at first, and did not move to reach it. Not until her reverie ended did she carelessly take up the little note and open it. Ah, is there no retribution ? Can evil pros per? As she reads the bright color fades from her face-the white lips part with a low gasping cry-the jeweled hands tremble weird, wild horror comes into the dark eyes. Then pushing far from her the shining gems, she- lately so proud and radiant-lay white and crouching upon the ground. Pride, hope, ambition, love-all crushed for the moment by deadly fear. Yet they were not terrible words that she read. Some would have glanced over them, heedful of the passionate love they betrayed, thinking of the devoted heart that dictated them. ' Rita'-so the letter ran-' I must see you, my darling ! No matter what happens, I must see you ! I returned to England some weeks ago-I went straight to Rook's Nest, hoping, believing, you would be there to welcome me and redeem your promise. [leaven grant you may never feel the grief and anguish that fell upon me when I heard that you, my darling-my promised wife had left, never to return. In the neigh horhood I heard your story-people still tell of the day when strangers came and took you away. But I could learn no more; Mrs. Ferne would tell me nothing of your name or address. To my passionate pleading and prayers she gave,no heed. In despair that knows no words I sought for you. There is little need to tell you the clue by which I discovered mly lost darling -my wife that is to be. -The world may call you ' Miss Lisle '; you may be a bril liant belle, a wealthy heiress-no matter, you are mine, sworn to me.'by the most solemn vow a woman could take. Had such fortune come to me, were I to be inade a king to-morrow, it would not matter; I should value all because you were to share it with me. ' I have worked hard for you, Rita, these three years. I have come to claim you. I know you are true to me, and waiting for me. . No fear assails me. Perhaps those proud relations of yours may want some preparation before seeing one who is to take their pride and hope from them. I leave all that to you; only appoint a time and place where I may meet you. My heart hungers and thirsts for one glance of your beautiful face. My whole soul longs for one word of welcome from your lips. Send a line to this address, and hasten the time, Rita darling. I can live no longer without you. There. may be difficulties; you must overcome them. Who has a greater right to you than I ?' There was no name at the end of the letter, but she knew it was from Ralph Ash ton. After so many years, this ghost had arisen; in the hour of her triumph, at the very moment when she had mocked at fear and laughed at retribution, this blow. had fallen, paralyzing her at first with mortal dread. ' I hate him !' she said. ' I wish he were dead !' She tore the letter into shreds and stamped upon them, inwardly feeling she . could trample his life underfoot. Reflection suc ceeded fear- indignation came quickly after. 'How had he dared-poor and lowly born -how dare he imagine that their foolish ac quaintance was to continue ? His wife l' A smile of derision curled her beautiful lips. She was betrothed to Lord Lisle-Lord Lisle, who would thrash this low-born hind within an inch of his life, if she complained to him. She must see him-temporize with him show him the great and impassable difference between them. Then, if he was not satisfied, and did nottake his dismissal kindly, she would complain to Lord Lisle. She began'to smile at her own fears. The worst that could happen had befallen her; Ralph had found her out; but, after all, it did not, could not, matter. Difficulties had arisen before, and she had.conquered them. She should do the same again. Suddenly the thought struck her-who had placed the note upon her toilet table ? It was not there when she dressed for the ball. Through the rest of that summer niight Rita lay in deip, conscious thought. There was no rest and no sleep for her. She must answer the letter. There was no alternative. Butsee him she would not, unless she was obliged to do so. She dare not ring for her maid at an earlier hour than usual, lest some suspicion might be aroused. But when Therese did come she looked with surprise at her lady's pale face and shadowed eyes. When nearly dressed, Rita turned sudden ly, as though the thought had only just occurred to her. 'Did you place that note upon my toilet table last evening, Therese ?' she asked. The young girl's face flushed slightly. 'I hope it was not wrong, Miss Lisle,' she said. SWrong 1' said Rita, 'certainly not. WThy should it be I The only thing is, I do not understand that kind of thing, and should much prefer letters being sent to me through the post. How came you to do it ' she con tinued. ' The person who gave it to me said it was of the greatest importance. He asked mie to place it there, that you might see it.' ' How came he to do so I' asked Miss Lisle, with haughty indifference. 'I do inot know,' replied Therese. The truth is, Minss Lisle, I hare set him this week several times. He seemed to be watch ing about,the house. He spoke to me last night. He gave me the letter, and asked me to place it where you could see it.' 'It is strange,' said Rita, calmly, 'Is he a gentleman, Therese ? She could not resist the question ; she was so anxious to hear the maid's reply. 'No; I should not say he was a gentleman, miss,' was the candid reply; but he seemed to be a very respectable, nice-looking young man.' 'I do not blame you this time,' said Miss Lisle, ' but remember never to take the same liberty again, Therese. If thatperson should ever ask you to give me another letter, tell him the post-office is the proper channel for begging letters of all kinds.' Therese thought herself only too fortunate to escape any further anger from her im perious young mistress. She said nothing of the handsome, haggard face and imploring eyes, or the gold which found its way from Ralph's open hand to her pocket Rita did not go down to breakfast. She shrunk from the ordeal of hearing remarks and comments over her pale face. She or dered some tea to be brought to her, resol ving before anything else to answer Ralph's letter. But Daisy knocked at the door, and would not be denied. ' I know you are tired,' she said, bending. over the beautiful, false face. ' Therese tells me you are quite fatigued, but I could not help coming to you my sister. Mrs. Wyverne has been recounting your triumphs, and she has told me something else besides. Let me kiss you, Rita, and wish you all happiness. We were children together. Your pleasures and your sorrows will always be mine. So you danced with a royal high ness !' she continued, gayly. ' Ah, Rita, I smile, yet the tears lie close to my eyes. Who would have thought it years ago You will soon be Lady Lisle. Surely no life ever had stranger vicissitudes than yours.' ' No,' said Rita; ' it is like one of the fairy tales ycu used to admire so greatly. Daisy, my head aches, and I am very tired. Tell Mrs. Wyverne I am going to rest this morn ing, and do not let any one come near me till I ring my bell.' CHAPTER XXI RITA composed a cleverly-worded reply in ahswer to Ralph Ashton's letter. There was not one word- which could in any way com-: promise her. She said nothing of welcome, nothing of love. She never named constancy, but she appealed to his generosity. 'She was surrounded with difficulties,' she said. ' Would he be generous and wait-not press for an interview that would cause her,to run the serious risk of displeasing her newly found friends and relatives 7' She said nothing of the distance between them, but every word betrayed how great she felt it to be. The letter written, she would not intrust it to anyone. With her own hands she. carried it to the nearest post- office, wishing, as she did so, that it might be the last she was ever to write to him, Mrs. Wyverne came to her dressing-room almost immediately afterward. 'Daisy tells me that you are better, my dear, and that you have been out. I want to speak to you very seriously. Can you spare me a few minutes ?' 'My time is all at your service,' she replied ; and the elder lady sat down upon the luxurious little couch 'Your wedding is to take place in the autumn,' said Mrs Wyverne. 'I assure you, my dear, the time is short enough for all we have to do Lady Hammond has been here this morning, and she tells me that Messrs. Storr & Mortimer have some magnificent pearls and rubies. She says they are more superb than anything she ever saw. I have been thinking that, as I intend to give you jewelry, we cannot do better than drive there at once; and if they please, you can select what you will. You must choose your own design for the setting. Have you any en gagements which will pievent you from go ing with me 1' 'None,' she replied, gently. But Mrs. Wyverne wondered why the beautiful face looked so strangely white and sad. ' Daisy is going with us,' she continued. 'I asked her purposely; she has exquisit' taste in all such matters. The carriage will be round in ten minutes. Will you hasten to dress ?' The sun shone brightly, and the streets were' crowded with gaily- dressed people ; yet on Rita's.heart there seemed to linger a heavy weight of dread and presentiment. All pleasure was spoiled by the miserable memory of Ralph Ashton. Mrs. Wyverne and Daisy both thought their companion silent and dull. Ah, me! the gorgeous jewels spread out before her! Diamonds that were as living jdts of flame; rubies glowing like hearts of fire; emeralds green and bright; opals with weondrous changing tints, and, pearls that glimmered and glittered like dewdrops with the sun shining in them. At any other time those proud, dark eyes would have lighted up with gratified vanity. Now she glanced listlessly over them. While Mrs. Wyvernoadmired the rubies, and Daisy hung enchanted over the pearls, she was thinking how could she get rid of Ralph Ashton. 'Rita,' said Mrs. Wyverne, suddenly, 'you seem very absent. What are you thinking about ?' The question alarmed her; she must arouse herself or they would suspect. With a strong force of her iron will she drove back the haunting fear and applied herself to the task of choosing from among the magnificent gems before her. Little they thought who watched the slender, white fingers that touched the shin ing jewels what deadly thoughts of hatred were passing through her heart. Mirs. Wy verne gave her carte-blanchee, and Rita selected rubies and pearls that a princess might have envied. She chose the most gorgeous settings; and Daisy smiled as she thought how well these rare jewels would be come her sister's queenly beauty. 'You will have the finest jewels in Lon don, Rita,' said Mrs. Wyverne, as they drove away. ' And now, if 'you have still time to spare, I should like to call upon Mr. Ferns. I spoke to him last week about beginnigh your portrait, and he appointed td-day for an interview. Rita looked up in silent wonder, lrs, Wyverne smiled. 'I have said nothing to you about it,' she said, 'I want your picture as a surprise to Philip: Every Lady Lisle hangs in the great gallery; you have a double right to be there, as a daughter of one lord and wife of an other. I consider lMr. Fernse the finest artist in England. If you are willing, I should like him to commence your portrait at once.' 'I cat have no possible objection,' said Rita. 'Ott the contrary, I like Mr, Ferns's pictures, and shall be much pleased to sit for him.' They found several visitors of rank and niote at the studio. Lady Rolfe, with her pretty fashionable daughter, the young Countess of Evarsham; Sir Harry Hulms, and Captain Lionel Veras, the son of the bravest and finest olticer in the English army. TO BE CONTINUET.. 