JI THE CHRISTMAS MOONLIGHT, \C0iltLBTE STOXYT] BY IZA DUFFUS HARDY, A._ I .if -'T' i Romance of tbe Bear C.i ? J-1- rr i-y Roae,' &o.;, &o.; [COrTEIOHT J ^HWK7(« over think »*tk Christmas MfX:1 Evof'snid -.NMl'V.-J Holon Dal ii^Si rymple, tfiK'jS swaying gyp? w«h sui. §33w tanesquc Big languor \fWlJ and luxury Xf% inherroek- \k V ing chair Vi \ unthesouth U piazza, ^Vi fooking at irrt thn nrftnD*^ trees bend ing beneath their burthen of ruddy-ripe goldon fruit, the tall slim pines, the graceful 'yellow pinea' of the south, their feathery crowns of foliage traced in delicate pencilling against the burning azure of a sky almost too vivid in its light and colour. It was only the hour after early breakfast, yet the sun beams already poured in a broad level blaze on the piazzn, and danced in a dnzzlo of dia moniln on tho lake, thiit whs as pure a bluo a* the shining sky. It was us fair a scene as- the eye could desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of in voluntary sigh. 'Who would ever think it was Christmas Eve f' 'Isn't it lovely?' said her sister Mary. with smiling content. Sweet Mary Weston, happily married and Buttled in this fair Florida home, had ceased to sigh for her native land. ' Yes, it's lovely, if only one didn't seo so much of it! But what I should like to see now would be frost and snow or even a good thick yellow London fog. !' 'I'm afraid even John could not oblige you with that hero, though I think he is not very fur behind tho French king (which one was it ?) who had the ground covered with Bait when the lady of his heart conceived a perverse desire to go sleighing in summer.' ' John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not the only one that does,' rejoined Helen, srail ng and stretching out her hand to her sister. ?' I don't think we've spoilt you, Nell ! ' Baid Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. ' But I think John would, if he could.' 'He is very good,' the younger sister said, less lightly. ' He is ! ' Mrs. Weston agreed emphati cally. ' And you are very fond of him. aren't you ? ' with a touch of anxiety which she did not intend to betray, but which was plain as the sun in the heaven' to Helen's quick perception. ' Yes, I am,' she answered sincerely ; 'I should be very ungrateful if I wasn't ! But I do wish he would take me home for a honeymoon trip ! ' she added, with only Imlf- pluyful petulance, ' Everybody- goes to England on their bridal trip.' '?Not everybody, dear.' ' Well, everybody who can afford it, nml John can afford anything ho likes!' ' But, you see, it is John's business keeps him here.' 'Oh, yes, I know. I dare say it seems just a perverse fancy of mine, like longing for a sleigh ride in summer, for snow in this eunnv south?' ' I'm afraid, dear Nell, you get a little homesick sometimes.' 'Do I, Mary?' with a curious smile. ' Tou think so ?' 'I am afraid so, sometimes, dear. But you'll settle down all happily and comfortably when once you are married and in your own home.' ' Yours has been homo to me, Mary !' ' And you have helped to make it a real home to mo. I might have felt a little strange and fur-away even with Fred, if it had not , been for you. And now I must go and help Chloe make the cakes.' ?' And I'll come and do the mincepies,' said Helen cheerfully. 'No, no, Nell; I won't have you getting ? tired und flushed over the stove ; John will be coming soou.' ' Poor, dear Mary !' said Helen to her self, as her sister hastened away on household cares intent. ' She only thinks I am home sick. If she only knew how tired I am of oranges and piuetrees ! And she's so anxious, poor dear, to be assured that I am really fond of John ! Dear, good John ! the only thing I'm afraid of is that he 1b too good f°1' me! But I shall be able to make him happy, I think. Anyhow, I'll do my best. And I'm sure I shall be happy with him, as happy as any woman can expect to bo, after the first dreiim is over !' She sighed as her thoughts went back to that ' first dream.' 'Walter,' she murmured. ' Poor Walter ! If ho had lived !' Visions of another Christmas rose before her. Walter was helping her to put up the holly. They two were lingering over their gcjod- night in the hall. Ho was folding a wrap round her aa she went out into the chill of the white wintry night with him to look at the snow glittering in the moonlight. Oh, for that 'white Christinas' of four years ago! 'My poor boy! My poor bov !' Helen said softly to herself. ' To tliink that tho cold, cruel sea, the deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his head ! and that no one, no one, will ever, ever know the truth !' She shuddered and clasped her hands, and the bright colours of the sunny landscape grew dim to her eyes. But when John Armstrong, her stalwart lover, came, the smile was ready to greet him on her lips. She was very fond of John, and the past was past ; the present, though it did seem a little dull sometimes, a little pale and tamo beside that poor dead past, and yet full of hope ; thanks to John ! Sheltered by his'lovo, surely she would b^ safe from the sting of memory, even from tho insidious gnawing of homesickness. He was so strong, it gave her a satisfying sense of pro tection and safety to be with him. Ho had ti^e muscles of a gladiator, and yet, with all liis rough, uncultivated ways, the gentleness of a woman. Helen loved the mingling of half rough force and reverent tenderness about him, and often assured herself that she really loved him very much, though she was not very lavish of protestations or caresses — , ?which indeed wore not much in Helen Dal lymple's way. (John was English, too. Perhaps, if ho had not been her compatriot, he might have fotind his Helen harder to win. There were many English settled in this part of Florida, but ' few as fortunato as John Armstrong. Everything he touched seemed to prosper, and now in winning Helen's troth ho, had won his crowning fortune — his heart's desire. His sun-bronzed and somewhat rugged featured face wus beaming, as ho drew his chair as close as it could be drawn to hers, and took possession of her hand and felt the slender fingers rest in his big palm as if it were their homo. _ ' Do you know, darling, this is tho hap pioat Christmas I've ever had ? ' ho said. 'Sinoe you wero a boy!' sho rejoined, laughingly. 'But you don't know anything about me when I was a boy? ' ho dtannrred, smiling In happy respomo. 'On yes, I know that you were very much like other boys ! You wero happy when to stuff yourself with lniocepios and plum pudding, and pull crackers and play snap dragon, was your highest ideal of happiness ! And you wore- happy when you kissed the friris under tho mistletoe .' ' - 'But never.' half so happy as now that I ?w kiss my girl without the mistletoe ! My own girl ! No, diirline, thero's not a soul in sight! You ure my own girl, aren't you? Helen, darling, what' would you liko to do to keep our Christmas to-morrow? Shall we have a drive in the evening and a picnic supper in the woods by moonlight ?' 11 A moonlight picnic on Christinas night ! Oh, John, where is yoursonso of the fitting?' John looked puzzled. 'I want to do anything that would please you, dearest. What would pleaso you?' ' Oh, I don't know. Perhaps a good old fashioned English frost, or a London fog, or a sloigh-rido ! ' recalling her conversation with her sister. 'Nothing I can give you?' ho said, with a shade of disappointment. ' John, dear, you're too good!' sho said, with a sudden gush of tendernosa. 'I don't deseryo that you should get me anything ! Mary said to mo just now that sho thought I was a little home sick — and I siipposo thiit' .- just whut I am ! Oh, John, couldn't wo »c- home in spring on a Iittlo honoymoon trip?' 'I'm afraid not, dorling ;' perhaps somo time, but not now. Helen, can't you lie lmppy here? You kiuw I'll do all I can.' ' Indeed I do know it, you lire the best and dearest of old Johns!' she answered, more lightly, with her sweetest smile. 'Helen,' he suid, after a thoughtful pause, in which his genial fuco had grown grave, ' do you know that I feel sad some times, .fearing that thu lifo hero won't content you, that you'll bo thinking of England us 'homo!1 And I wonder Romotimes whether it isn't because it was in England that — that you remotuber you told me, darling, bios* your truthful transparent soul,1 that wouldn't keop any secret from mo, my sweotheart ! that there was — somo ono you — -liked there some one who is dead.' . 'Need wo talk of him?' said Holon more coldly. 'No, no, darling, not if it hurts you ! But it hurts me to think that thero's a 'pain in that memory still ! I'd liko to tako all pain, all trouble, from you, oven any pain of the past ! I'd draw tho sting from your memory'if I could ?' ' No memory can sting mo very sharply whilo I havo you, John,' 'she answered with an impulse of self -reproachful, half remorse ful tenderness. 'And I won't give way to homo sickness any more if it gives you the least bit of pain ! Don't trouble yourself. John, about the ghost of yesterday I To uorrow is yours !' ' And to- day? ' he urged. ' Is to-day — livided ? Or is it all mine ? ' ' I think it looks as if it wore all yours,' she said, softlv. as ho kissed her. ' Letvestor day rest, John, rest with tho last year's miiows in England ! And let us go and pick oranges to-day ? And there are some guaviu still. I should like some for lunch. We never see them at home except in jelly, do we ? After all, there are somo good things in the sunny south ! ' she added, with a lapse into her old, light, laughing tone. ' There aro guavas, and grape-fruit, and you ! ' John Armstrong went away happy. One thing only now troubled him, he could not make up his mind what to give Helen for a Christmas present. Blundering fellow that he was ! he reproached himself, not to havo thought over it boforo. He went to the best jeweller's in Giraldii, the nearest large town, where, having but little timo to spare, and being unable to make up his mind in hasto on the spot, he ordered a selection of choice trinkets to bo sent to his rooms, for his leisurely inspection. Wvory ono in Griruldu knew John Armstrong, and there was no difficulty mado about entrusting the jewoln to his care. He was looking in anxious cogitation from the contents of one velvet-lined case to another, as they were set out before him on the table, when there was a tap at the door, und the negro 'bell-boy' announced, '? Mr. Lawrence, sah, -wants to know ef he kin see you.' 'Why, certuinly. Show Mr. Lawrence up. Come in, Lawrence, glad to see you, and a merry Christmas to you, my dear fellow !' 'Tho same to you! I seo I needn't ask how you ure !' Baid the visitor, glanoing at John Armstrong's healthy brown face. ' Oh, I'm all right— right as a trivet ! And you? how have you been? All right too, Iliope ? Grove flourishing ?' 'Yes, all going on well. I've como up to Giralda on a little business, and you're tho first person I've looked up.' '?That's right, that's all right !' said Arm strong, heartily, ' I've been thinking of run ning down to Tampa, and then I'd have been the one to look you up, but I've had my hands full lately ; it's been a busy time, though it's not been all business ! You've juat como in tho nick of timo now, to ;ive me your help and advice. I was j nut nuddling my bruin over these things.' jerking his head towards the display on the table. ' Which do you think's the— tho »'sl of the lot ? The— tho most likely to— -uit a lady?' Armstrong was stammering ind the colour rose in his bronzed oheek. 'A lady? Ah!' said Lawrence, with a -mile. ' Pleasure as well as business been keeping you about here, I tee?' ' Yes, you see, well, the faot is, I'm going to bo married.' 'Heartiest cuugmlolations, old fellow! The young lady's lucky— that I know! and so are you, I hope ! ' ' I just am ! ' ' said Armstrongemphatically. 'Wait till you seo her ! ' ' When she will be wearing ono of these, I expect ! ' suggested Lawrence. He was a younger man than Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, with a tawny beard, honest, kindly blue oyes, a pleasant, though rather '?id, smile, and a generally rathor grave, i houghtful expression. Ho was sympatheti rally willing to help the perplexed lover in his choice of a gift, whioh was fortuuute, as poor John had not much taste, and was sorely bewildered in his contemplation of the 'cm- barras do richesses' that lay before him. 'Now this — this is somothing out of tho common, eh?' he suggested, but hesitat ingly, as deferring to Lawrenco's better judgment, pointing to a necklace of alligator's, teeth lavishly sot in gold. ' Or this now ? ' indicating a heart-shaped ornament almost big enough to wear as a shield, and adorned with a true lover's knot studded with jewels of all the colours of tho rainbow. ' Do you think alligators' toeth quite a pretty thing to clasp round a girl's throat? ' Luwrenco demurred. 'And isn't this u trille — juat a trifle showy ? ' John's countenance fell. 'She likes everything dainty and deli cate,' ho said. ' How about this?' said Lawrence, taking up a simple but costly necklet of a single string of exquisitely matched pearls. It wus Armstrong's turn to demur. ' Don't pearls moan tears?' he rejoined. 'Ah? You wouldn't risk giving her those ?' said tho younger man, with a smilo that ended in a short, quickly-stifled breath like a sigh. 'No, I wouldn't,' said Armstrong, notic ing his frier' 'ook with' an instinot of fellow-feoliiif You wouldn't oither, would you, 1. m, if you wore ohoosing — something foi .lomobody?' 'No, Isupposol should bo superstitious, too. But there's uobody — now 1 and I've had all the superstition und fancy and romance pretty woll knocked out of me.' 'Thero's nobody now,' Armstrong Te peated his words. 'There,' he added, delicately and hesitatingly, '- there was some body 'bnco, then ?' ' Onee I Lawrence echoed, looking down at tho pearl neoklaco. When tho choice was finally made of a slender gold bracelet with a four-lnaved shamrock in diamonds ('All women liko diamonds,' tho two men had agreed), tho comrades sat down with a pipe and glass, and then Armstrong referred, in his frankly sympathetic, if blundoring way to Lawrenoe's late udmisaion. 'I'm afraid my — my asking you about that,' nodding towards tho bracelet, 'recalls things to you ! ' 'They haven't got far to be recalled, they lio near tho surfaco,' tho younger man replied, gloomily. ' There was somebody, and it — it — didn't como to anything ? ' Armstrong voutu.vd, his heart softened by his own Imppiimsi, his sympathy too siucei-o to be iutru -ive, I Lawrence paused a moment, then mini, | abruptly : 'Sho thinks I'm dead, at least I hops she ! does. Sho's far away— I shal.l never seu her ; again. But somehow Christmas alwuy. m-ilcos mo think of old days.' Armstrong nodded in silent comprehension Lawrence paused a inmiient, thoii udded wiili almost harsh ubrupt'ners :? 'Look hero, Armstrong, I've often thought of tolling you. I was very near it moro thaii once, when you were Ninth a good chuin to ino at Ocula. Tho fa.'t is. I— I loft England under a cloud! My very name — well, it.'* my own, for I was cliristoued Lawrence u» my second name, but it's not my tiu.' sur nartio. Thero are others of us here who have come out of the way, as I did, but not many shadowed by a cloud as black as mino.' 'What was it, my boy?' asked John Armstrong, fraternally. 'Oh, I'vo not bolted from tho law.' Lawrence said quickly. ' I stand clo.ir of th.it, I think. But it's tho suspicion, of which I feel I shall never bo clear.' '?She suspected — believe 1 ill of you?' 'God bless her— no. She declared she had faith in me. Bur, no one else had. I couldn't ask her to marry me undor a cloud, to take my namo with the stain on it. I came abroad t' live it down, and the ship in whinh I'd tak.n my passage was wrecked— you remember the disaster of tho Columbia? I was tmppoi-ed to havo been on board ; my name was in th list of lost. But at tho last minute an aooident had prevented my sailing. No one knew at home that I had nofcuuil'e.1. Tlmy all bolievn that I went down with the Columba and the rest of her unluckv uas sengors and crow.' 'And sho believes it, too?' 'Sho must, what else can sho think? It is bettor bo. I decided not to writo and tell her I was safe.' ' She may be grioviug — mourning for vou,' suggested Armstrong. 'For a time — yes. But it is best as it is — for her. Sho is young ; tho thought of me and my trouble would bo a more lusting cloud on her bright girlhood than tho thought of my death. I would never have married her unless I could givo hor a stainless name. Shi will bo happier, not knowing. She believed mo innocent — that is my comfort,. Let hor believe me dcatl, for her own peace.' ' It's a sad state of things,' mused Ann strong. 'And what— what was tho- ' he hesitated for a time — 'tho trouble,' he finished. 'They called it nmr.ler — an uirly word, isn't it ? But whatever it was, I had no hand in it. If any man ki lo-.l Philip Strotton, it was not I!' 'Philip Strotton !' John Armstrong started. His back win to the light, so Lawronco could* not seo how hi.i healthy colour paled. 'Yes, you remember tin case, I see ? 1 own it did look black against me. He was my cousin, and I his heir — though it would havo been tho other way round, he would have been my heir, and I should have stood in his shoes, it my grandfather had not mudy an unfair will. I had been imprudent — 1 was in a Iittlo difficulty — and I was foolish enough to ask Philip for a loan, onlv an ad vance for three months. Hesuid things thutcut mo. Thorowusa soreness between us, I own, but I would never have injured a hair of his head. You remember, perhaps, how I was arrested, ''remanded — all tho miserable story ? There was not evidence enough against me to saBd the cuse for trial, but thero was enough to muko people believe mo guilty— to make ma feel a pariah and an outcast— to raaku mo cast, aside my fathor's namo as a tarnished und uncleuu thing- — to drivo me into exile here, a a dead man, dead to his owu land and Ins own people.' ' 'It's a sad business,' said Armstrong, his voice strangely husky. ' Iremeinber healing o£ it.' A pauso; then he added: 'But, Lawrence, I »uy, old chum, aren't you per haps a bit over-sensitive about peoplo — suspecting you ?' ' Over -sensitive! When I've seen wouiou turn aside to avoid recognising me— when the very children have started at iuo as if I were a wild beaot ! ? But there, talking of it can't mend matters.' He filled his glass hastily ; hishaud shook as ho raised it to his lips. John Armstrong's brimmjng glass stood untouched by his side. Another knock at tho door, and the entrance of u second visitor— this time a genial and somewhat boisterous one, to wish tho compli ments of the season, inten-upted the conver sation, rathor to the relief of both Armstrong und Luivrence, and it was much to the host's relief whon both his visitors departed. Left alone at last, he stood by [he window deep in troubled thought, staring out across the rouorh sundv road with eves that could not see. 'I never dreamt of this,' he said to him self, his lips framing the words without sound, as men who have lived much ulone often get the habit of communing with them selves. 'This comes of shirking, or trying to shirk. One can't shirk a thinir — it will follow ono. If it wero not fur Helen, now. It's plain onough— the thing to do. It stares me in the face. But Helen, who trusts me. I must think of her first. Yet that boy. He's been wronged enough. He wouldn't marry his girl with a stained name. Can I iuurry my girl with a stained eon .-Mjionce ? His girl in Englund stuck to him. Maybe mine would stick to me. Would she, though? It's au ugly story to tell her. ?Still, if she's got grit enough to stand it ? ?She doesn't look like one that, -would weaken ii nd wilt away from a man because of some Hung in his past— though it does look rather a black business. I'll'see. I'll sound her. God forgive me ! I'm a coward where sho's concerned. I see the right thing plain enough. But I can't — I cau't. No, 6ho's my all ! I can risk the losing her !' Helen wus sauntering in the oruugo-grove in the moonlight alone. Shu was glad to be alone, for somehow this Christinas Eve sho was huuuted by memories of that other Christinas with Walter four years ago ! That past was dead and buried, but its ghost walked sometimes. Two lines of a poem she hud once heard recited kept running in her head : — 1 ' Pray for the one beloved, wherever ho may \- be, ' In the hush of tho Christmas midnight ho will appear to theo!' How still tho night wus 1 Grove and wood and lake seemed to be sleeping in silence. The moonbeams bathed tho fair landscape in a silver sea of light, yet let\ im penetrated the dusky mysteries of shadow in the deeps of ' the dark browed trees.' She thought of that ' white winter ' in England, and the ghost of the buried past walked in the southern moonlight. Was anything olse stirring, too ? Wus that a step ? Did a shadow move ? Could it bo John ? But John uever oaine that way through the grovo. If it should b» u tramp, and she bo far from tho house ? Tho moving shadow gathered shape und substance, stepped out from the darkness of tho bordering trees, and tho niojiilijrht fell full upon his faco. Helen stopped with a sturt. Who — whut — wus it 'i Tho moonlight was well-niuh bright us day. Tho faoe, tho fi-ui-o that stood out clear in those pure umluzzliug beams, tho very g-siure wuu wnicu tne luuu paused ut sight of her, all had been fumiliur to hor once ! Was it a. ghost ? Were the lines that had boon ringing in her mind prophetic ? ' In the hush of tho Christmua midnight hu will appear to tlioo.' Ho, too, had paused ut sight of the girl's slim white-robed figure : ho started us one thunder stricken us he looked upon her faco, palo and puro iu the colourless blaze of rhe semi-tropical moonlight, for while she stared, dumb with doubt and amazement, on tho dead alive, he looked on tbo living, lost to him, whom he had deemed five thousand miles awayl Ho wus the firdt to fiud his voice. 'Holeu, Holon? -You— horoi' Ho strotohod out his hand ; it wai warm with life ns it touched hers, strung with living liuuiau strongth as it cluspod her cold i:nd trembling fingers. 'Walter, Walter! Are you alive P 1 thought — I heiiid— oh, we huvo all lmmnied you ui dcudt'..! ?? Junii o.iuiduuiiti, ucarluif the ohusuii braool, t that was to be 1i!k Christmas gift, was on his way to seo his beloved, but not with tho quick, assured step of the happy lover. He lagged and took tho longest way. lie might have said, if he bad been givon to quoting Shakespeare, ' Oh, full of scorpions s my mind.' They bit and stung, those snakes and tempted to silence, prompted him with subtle sophistries 'for Helen's sako.' Was not his first duty to sparo hor pain? Yot he knew that if ho yielded to tho tempta i-iim. ho shouM fo?l himself to tho lust day of his lifo a dospiuuble sinner. For till this day li'i had not realised what ho had done, but now, if lio kiipixMlence still, ho would bo Bin ning with bis oyfts open. Still could he iliuo trust Helen with tho trush, at the risk of Beoinjr her shrink from him. turn cold ~\xfi him, perhaps tako horsolf nut. of his life. '' On- tho other hand, it was possible that she might not fail him ! She might prove herself bravo and loyal in tho crucial hour. He felt ho did not know Helen thoroughly. She was a sweet roso, 'set with little wilful thorns.' Ho could not tell how far hor pretty little waywardness and girlish caprices wero more ripples on thn surface, what dopths of lovo and faith and .:oura','o might not lie in tho dopths boneath. While she sauntered on slowly, deop iu thought, his footfall soundless on tho loose, oiiidy soil, ho heard a voico on tho . other side of tho slander fringe of trees that bordered tho grove. Not Holon's voico, ho had never heard that tono in it. And yot it was liko hers— that voice with tho tender rhriil, tho throb and pulse of living passion, of which ho had never known it capable. , waiter — waiter alter an tneso years: ' 'My darling, my darling!' murmured the man's voico, shaken and husky, but Lawrence's voice. '? ' John Armstrong mado a noiseless step forward, looked out of tho shadow which concealed him from their view, and saw Helen, . his bride-elect, dinging to r.awrenoi, his ~: arm round her, her ?ace uplifted iu tho moonlight to his. L'\\-r the moment they had forirotf.en all r.lio world but each othor. Sho had forgotten John, and ho tho stain upon his name, tho r.uuse of his exilo. Sho was first to remember tho barrier. 'Oh, Waltor, no — no! Lot mo go! I must toll you — I am not free !' ' Is it you, then — you who woro ougaged to Armstrong?' ' Yes. He is tho best and truest of men,' with u sob in her voico. ' Waller, now that we have met, it can only bo to part.' John Armstrong heard no more. Had he not been standing there as if stricken to stono, paralysed, ho would not have heard so much. Ho turned with a groping, staggering ges ture, like u. man reoling, blinded, beneath a stunning blow, yot careful that no bound of his going should startle them us ho went, and left them there togother. The moonlight floodod landscape was black to him ; ho seemed to .bo groping his way through great dark ness, his face set from the house 'towards which his steps: had boon bent. How could he face Helen now ? It was Helou whom he had wronged ; it was Helen whom he had robbed of her lovo, albeit all unwittingly. He had thought of Lawrence's unnamed lovo as far off, in the old country. But thero was no fur-away girl in England— it was Helen, here ! For her dear sake he had thought of keep ing the cilSnco that would havo sealed the sentence of exilo from homo and love on Lawrence — and Lawrence wus tho man she loved. Yet she would keep hor faith with him. Sho had said it herself ! And Lawrence would not cluim her so long as the stain of suspected orimo cluug to his name. John Armstrong saw that he could hold her still ! It was Christmas Day ; tho sun shone on the evergreen pines and the glossy foliago of the orange trees and their golden fruit, and .»ky and lake wore one monotono of radiant azure. Johu and Helen woro walking in the grove, and both were taciturn and ilLat oase. 'Helen, my girl,' he suid breaking a long silence as they drew near the spot where she and Walter had met last, night, 'Iliad been thinking what I could get you for u Christmas present, wondering what would please you best. And I found out, lust night.' - ? ? 'Last night? But you didn't como lust night?' 'Yes, I came, Helen. I ouine. I carao this way,' poiutiug to tho border of trees, ' and I was here. I6a\v — I heard.' Helen started, aud the colour rushed to her face, then obbinjf, left it deadly pjle. But though sho was dismayed, she did not blench. She was too proud to quail us guilt might juail. Kurher, there wus even a toueh of reproach iu her tone us she auswercd, 'You were here, John? You heard?' ' By accident.' His brown choek flushed now. ' I heard only u few words. I hurried uwuy. You don't think that I'd play eavesdropper on purpose, Helen ?' '? No, no, John ! But if you heard any thing, I wish you had heard all ! You would havo un lurstood that I — I was startled, taken by surprise. I had uever dreamt that he, Walter, wus living, whon I — when you — ' Hue hesitatod painfully, yet not us ono abashed or ashamed — then added, 'never until last night!' 'lkuow, I know, my brave true-hearted girl !' ho said. ' You'ro not to bluuie— you've been straight and square.' \- 'And he,' nho interposed, hastily. 'Aud ho too,' John Armstrong rejoined, 'ho did not know. Nor I, Helen, do mo justice, loo ! I did not know that the muu I chummed with at Oculu, whom I know us Lawrence, was Walter Strettou.' ' Waltor Lawrenco Strotton,' sho ex p'ained. 'Yes, I know, bo has told mo, it is his second namo,' he said, wincing a little at her eagerness to oxplain on his behalf. ' But I did not know that Walter Strettou waa the name of tho man you cared for ! Wo none of us kuew. It's been a chapter of mistakes all round. But now — now I boo what I can give you, Helen ! I can givo you your free dom.' - -? 'Jobn,uo — vou ure too good!' she pro tested with remorseful tenderness — what is to a man tho terrible frank tenderness of the woman who does nut lovo him !' 'No, not that!' ho said, recoiling from tho word 'good' on her lips. 'Wait — wait. Helen! till you'vo heard all. I give you back your freedom and something mure ! I give into your hand tho meuiis of uleariuir Waller Strotton's name. Philip Stretton's death was no murder! I ought to know, because — because tbo accident — it was an u-:uidi.'H.t ! wjis brought abmt by mo!' 'You, John! Oh, John, are you mad ?' sho fell \r.v\i from him with doubt, fear, horror, in her eyes. 'No. I'm not mad, unless it's madness to tell you the truth. It was my hand caused Philip Strottoii'B death.' ' Yours? Then, who, whut— aro you ?' ' What I've always been, to you and ull tho world, plain John Armstrong !' 'You were there, at Holborough ut the time ? But— how was that ? and what hud you to do with Philip Stretton ? Wu never knew aiivthiti!' about vou.' ' No. You never kuew mo nor my sister, my poor liitle sister Lizxio. But Philip Strottou knew her ; I dam say he didn't talk of hor to you. Wo weren't of your But, you seo. You ahvuya kuew I never coucculed from you thut I hadn't moved iu the same class you'd beuu uccustomod to mix with. You knew that, and woro willing to accept it.' 'Yes ! You were yourself to me.' 'That's how it is wo nover met nt Hol borough. I wus only there now and tbou for a' timo, aud, we moved in different orbits. My sister was' as good a girl as over breathed, but delicate, a protty little palo thing, fond of books and poatry. Philip Strettnn didn't mean anything by his attention to her— perhaps no harm, perhaps no good. I didn't ciiooso that he should amuso himsolf making a plaything of her heart. We mot on that lonely road; I apoko to him — ho took tho high und mighty tone with me, and told me to mind my own' business. Woll, it's no otuij iur yuur cum, Helen, but yuu can truest uutv viurds run high between iu. ah I lire, , I'd no intent nor thought of serious injury .to ' life or limb when I struck him. But I was strong, and I suppose in my anger I hit harder than I meant. It was just by ovil chance that he fell with his temple on a sharp stone. If I'd lot him lie as ho foil, it would have boon plain onough how it happened. But iu my horror and dismay I lifted him up,' and moved him, trying to rooull him to lifo. It nover ocourrod to me, I was so stunned, that the Ntoue loft lying thoro would havo been supposed to havo beon used as a woapon, still loss that young Walter Stretton would bo suspected.' 'Why did you not como forward and tell the truth?' ' Because, I own it to you, Helen, I was a coward — for my sister's sake more than for my own ! It would havo lulled Lizzio to havo had my name coupled with his death, and her namo dragged in and compromised, as it must havo been. I thought to save my sistor's good namo and peaco of mind. It was not until I was far uwuy that I hoard how Walter Strotton had beon arrested and discharged for want of ; evidence. I thought the matter ended thero i — was no more conctjru of mine. But I seo ; now, a man's deed is a matter of his lifo for ever — ho can nover get away-from it ! ' ' And — your sister ?' breathod Holen. 'Sho died! I took' this silence on my conscience for her sake, in vain. I see now that it was u crime. But I didn't know believe me, Helen, I never knew how Walter Strotton had suffered from it. And I didn't know it wus your heart I was nearly break- ' ing ! But now it s not too lato to atono to you both. You wero his, first. I give you back to him ! I'll give you a written state ment tolling exactly how Philip Strotton's death came about. If that's not ouough, I'll go back to England and make my declaration thoro.' ' It is onough ! it Bhall be enough ! You ehall not go back to run the smallest risk ! Oh, John, I cannot accept this sacrifice from you !' But yet. in her heart, she knew, and ho know, that tho sacrifico was already accepted. Whon Walter Stretton camo, obeying a message from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, ho found Johu and Helen hand locked iu hand, and it was hard to say which was tho paler in this parting hour. John turned and put Helen's hand in Walter's. ' Sho has a great deal to tell you, Law rence,' ho said, and his strong voice shook a little. 'I'll leave you together.' Tears woro in Helen's eyes, but Johu Armstrong smiled, for the heart throb of sacrifice is a pain that stings liko joy. He turned away und left them; — together. 