IBEHIND A VEIL. By MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of 'HJs Grace," "Tho Secret of the Pearls," "The House hy the Loch," "Queea ' Sweetheart," "A Man from the Dark," " Fortune's Sport,'.' "The Newspaper Girl," etc. CHAPTER IX— A FOLDED PAPER. . Tristram stood dazed, unbelieving.star- ir.g into blankness. She had made no sound in going, this girl he had come to save ; yet she had gone, softly as a white nightmoth flits through dusky spaces from one flower to another. She had gone out and left him there waiting for what she knew would never come. The thought stabbed him, thornlike, but he plucked it out before it had drawn heart's blood. She could not have done it. Iiow had he wronged her sweetness by an instant's credence of a thing so false? She had gone, indeed, but not of her own free will. There were mystery and falseness lurking in the shadows, but the falseness was not Mary Desmond's, he would stake his life. With a stride he was at the door fumb- Iing'fll">-I'atch. There was no lock, neither key nor bolt, yet the door held fast, and for all his pulling would not open. Wild words sprang to Tristram's lips as he lighted match after match, quelling the darkness, but finding no clue to the mys tery, no hope of exit. On Mary's little bed lay a small heap of crumbled mortar; beside lh pile the three iron bars she had taken from his hands, were placed neatly together as by a nice instinct acted upon mechanically. The fourth rod. which he had thrown in later, was at a distance. He seized up one and strove to thrust it under the door like a lever. Bat the iron was blunt at the end, and there was not the eighth of an men space oetween ine oait ana stone, neither was there room for a child's fin- ner to slip in between the door and its frame. With the rod uplifted for a blow upon the panel, Tristram stayed his hand. So heavy was the door of ancient oak — old as the convent — that he saw the impossibi lity of breaking it with so mean a weap on. He could make a noise, and there was little more that he could do. For Heaven's sake, then, iet him control him- stif, and think what was best to be done, before he ruined everything with some mad piece of rashness. He knew that Mary had been afraid, that she had dreaded the ordeal, she had to face, that she had trembled at thought of the rope ladder, and the precipice she must overhang in the windy darkness. Was it possible that at the last her cour age had failed, and, scarcely realising what she did, she had run away rather than tell him that she dared not go? He recalled the moment when his hands I had clasped the slimness of her waist in I the loose garment of serge. He had felt I the wild plunging of her heart against her side; then .she had slipped from him beg ging time to find her veil. He had beard her sandalled feet on the stones, the soft rustle of her gown, that faint ejaculation which had hardly been a cry and— noth ing more, not another sound. It did not seem that she could so noiselessly have been stolen away, save by a ghost; and even in the Convent of the Sacred Island there were no ghosts without bodies. It began to seem possible to Tristram that, too frightened to be in full possession of her senses, Mary had run from the crisis of her fate, barring the door on the out- side against it and him. If this were true, and he should beat upon the door with the iron bar, calling her name, and demanding to be released, , the noise would do Mary's cause more harm than good. If he could break through the panels and so reach her in the end, it would he a different story. But strong man as he was, there was no chance of that; and if she had been spirit ed away all the shouting in the world would not make the conspirators unbar the door for him. Tistram was a man quick to decide, keenly ready to act when a decision was made; but for once he was at a loss, baffled, desperate. Whichever way nis mind turned he seemed only to face a blank wall. To go and leave Mary un friended, unprotected in this grim place was hardly to be contemplated. To stay, in her cell, into which he had broken wijir violence, was equally impossible. / Suddenly, as he tossed drowning hffjtet:- black sea-trough of his own doubts/there was a sound on the other side af-the door. "Go, I beg you to go," al fcoice whispered close to the thick panel e - So low, so muffled was the Tristram could not tell from the sound of" it whether it were Mary's voice or no. But reason said it must be hers, bidding him to what, in the light of events un known lo him, was best for her inter est. The command was enough. For a dozen reasons— each one for Mary's sake- he must not stop to question. Thankful at least to feel that so far she was safe, though his heart was cold with failure, he sprang to the window, crawled out as he had come, and slid down the rope, with no attempt to use it as a ladder. There was no means of unhooking it from the window above as he stood on the ledge of rock. The ladder must be left, and when Mary returned to her cell she could drag it through the window and hide it under her mattrass on the bed. The bars might even be put baek. tem porarily into their places, if. the girl thought of doing so in such a waythaL ' their disarrangement need not lie detect ed by a casual glance. Mary Jjesmond was a clever girl, with plenty of spirit and resource, he was sure, . when - her brain was in its normal conditio!), andfae credited her with the presence of mind to do all that was necessary when "her, mys terious absence from the cell was ..ended. Perhaps she had suddenly remembered some office at which she must be present in the chapel, at the very hour when he had been bent on her escape, and had. rushed away rather than be summoned, locking the cell door lest he should ruin all hy following. The solution seemed the least improb able of any that had occurred to him, and, building on it as much as he dared, he thought with renewed liope of the fut ure. Somehow, all would yet come right. Mary would disarm suspicion, and she would be expecting him again— at a more favorable time. There was still some thing to live for, and Tristram began cautiously to descend the steep, slippery rocks, which only an Englishman would have dreamt of attempting. He was three times as long in getting down as he had been in climbing up, but at last he was at the bottom, near the place where he had left his boat. Under the seat in the stem was the disguise he had brought for Mary, only a peasant's dress, common in the district. But she was to have worn it; therefore, in Tristram's eyes, it was already a thing to be treasured. He touched the bundle caressingly with his hand, and for the second time in many years tears smarted on his eyelids. . ,.e;did in»L go back to the village, but "'J'etrisimed ffpp, tjie night on the lake in . sight of Mary'd, window. She might be ' B hlo fn rctitrii At Iigp anri Avnpr»f- ing hjSn' to -be'-, £vithin call, make some sieflvSJ. ' He was determined not to miss :-fne smallest 'hance. lest through the years to. cojite he might be f orced to bear \- the.Kbara of having been absent when Mig. -jwaiTneeded. All night long he watched the convent; but the great bulk of the building, which cut a black, irre gular wedge out of the purple sky, was dark, without a single flitting firefly of light behind a grated window. The little waves lapped sleepily against the rocks; the church tolled out hour after hour; the air was sweet after the spring rain, and a fragrance of apple blossom in distant orchards blew across the water. The scene breathed peace and holiness. There was no hint of tragedy anywhere. By and bye the early dawn came, with a light that might have been reflected from all the w.ild pink . roses on earth, shining in the east. The bells rang out. It was time for matins. Tbie nuns were singing in the convent church; high soprano voices tossed like spray above jUng wav pf. music from the. .orgap IfTiisiram . had no"t .'seen Mary's, win-i, . dpw enjpty. of. "its bars, he would hardly/ (have been able to. believe that last night' _ was more than a dream. . But in thai darkness his rope-ladder had been 're-, moved— he could only hope, by Mary. He waited, till long past the; hour when' - he kad seen the white-robed novice ap pear, -at ,tlie window . before, after, matins; but she did not come again, and' When he was sure that the daily round of tasks -in the, convt made it too late for -him to hope more .until, aften . nightfall, he went away. He was restless, and miserable throughout - the day, : hoping only for, what might happen at night. But in the evening, just when dusk had spread grey doverwings over the world, he was told that Father Heinrich wishsd to sea. him. Tristram had the one private sitting-; room which the inn at Leux afforded. He did not know that Princess Falcon-, berg had sat there warming herbeau- tif ul hands at the fire, and waiting f pp Father Augustin to come back from the" Sacred Island after leaving Mary behind him. Now, wondering what had : brought the village priest -uninvited, he asked that Father Heinrich should bp shown into this room. The old man was of a fresh, ruddy, countenance, with bright eyes and - a! ' kindly smile; but to-day hp wore no smile and his eyes, were grave. Only two nights before, when -Tris tram had been assiduously cultivating his friendship for a purpose, the good priest had dined in this very room,- laughing much in his .guileless fashion,' telling amusing anecdotes, and listen-: ing with almost childlike interest to others in return. But now he spoke softly, with evident restraint, and be fore beginning he had looked Lo see ifl the door were fast shut. "I come on a mission, sir," he said,: and paused, "I am glad to see you, Father Hein rich," Tristram answered, truthfully. Still the old man's manner did not -unbend, and he shook his tonsured head! at the chair he was invited to take. "I have a message to you of a very, delicate and important nature," he went on. "It is from the Convent of the Sacred Island." Tristram flushed to the forehead. Wag it possible that Mary had induced the priest to be her messenger? He did not speak, but stood expectant, waiting what should come next. "From that gracious, good lady,- the' Mother Superior," Father Heinrich! continued. "For word to be sent from the convent to a stranger outside is un usual, unheard-of. But a sad and ter rible event has taken place on the island in which, sir, it appears that you are. concerned." "Go on," Tristram said, dry-lipped. "It was necessary that in some way; VA11 chmt1<4 1-t a li-kl d ..... ia wc tuiu, j'uu ftiiuuiu per- severe in the course which has brought affliction upon the convent, and must presently bring great scandal. The Mother Superior is ignorant of you® name. She does not wish to know it. All she knows is that for days a man, a foreigner, presumably stopping in the village, has constantly watched the convent windows from a boat. In al manner of which she is still ignorant, ha succeeded in communicating with one of the novices, and with unparalleled auda city attempted to violate the sanctity, of the convent last night by carrying away one of its daughters'. When I learnt this I was able to identify the man, and — I am here." "You have more to say, Father Hein rich. Say it quickly." "I have to tell you that the judgment? of Heaven has punished your sin and the sin of another, and to command you; to leave this place at once. If your, crime were known you might be mobbed — stoned — by an indignant peo ple, who do not. suffer their most sacred institutions to be insulted with impu nity. But rather than scandal should,1 fall upon the Convent of the Sacred! Island, on which through many centu ries no breath of evil has blown, the Mother Superior will keep the secret- known only in its entirety to herself, tp you, and me— and you will be allowed to go unpunished, save by your own con science, and the knowledge . of that which I have still to tell you." "For God's sake, tell me— don't keep" me in suspense!" The words weref wrung from Tristram's lips by sheer agony. The priest's eyes had already; told the end of the story. "The novice whom Vftl? fomn t-Art A-d break her vows of betrothal to a Hea venly Bridegroom, has gone to face lien Judge." Tristram sprang at the priest, and, forgetting his age and cloth, grasped roughly by the shoulder. "Dead!" he exclaimed, fierce with his horror of the word. "I don't believe you | It's a lie— the same lie they told her about me. She's not dead — unless there has been murder!" The ruddy face blanched with! righteous anger against the mail who dared utter such an accusation. '1 "Silence!" Father Heinrich , com manded, with a dignity born of the mo ment. "God spoke, and sentenced Ht$ erring handmaiden to 'death. If yoil show yourself not only unrepentant, but? blasphemous, - my lips are sealed! Top: shall learn no details of the way in' which Heaven's will was shown. If you maintain your self-coritroi, I'will tell you' the etory, as the gracious1 Superior "deign ed to tell it to' me."- ; Tristram set his' teeth into his lip, an® clenched- his hands, wafting.' J : 'f t "Soon after midnight' said'the priest- having satisfied himself : that his threhb had quelled the heretic; "soon after mid- might,the "Mother f - Superior beard—a Shbcking".'; piuifer,' b jfi To. opened the <dborf and beheld the young Sister Marie Magda lene, apparently to a iiaSf-f aiming condi- iidfi, ata her knees. . ; She lifted the no vice in her arms, and carrying her into the ceil laid her on the bed.: For some time Sister Marie Ttfagdalene was unable to articulate, only pressing her hands,1 With an expression of great suffering "Over her heart But when the Superior Biad bathed her face, she whispered the word 'Forgive, and later stammered some disconnected account of her inter rupted sin. Feeling herself overtaken suddenly by illness, which from its se verity she believed to be mortal, she left Bier cell, locking the door on the outside, Where all the doons of the cells have Bieiavy bolts and bars. In the passage she fainted, lying there for some time, but roused by a noise in the cell, she knew that her companion in crime must have forced his way in, and dragging her self back to the door, she implored him to be gone. She then began a painful descent" to the'cell of the Mother Superi or, where, before any of the holy rites could be administered, she very shortly sank into -a stupor ending in death. May the remembrance of this swiff judgment .upon you both open your mind and heart to repentance. And now, I command you once more to go." "Twill go when the truth of the Mother Superior's story is proved, hot before," .Tristram said, doggedly. "Its truth is proved beyond question by the fact that I have it from her lips," Father Heinrich answered, the indignant blood mottling his kindly oia face. "This holy woman, whose long life has been dedicated to good works, offers you mer cy which you have not deserved. If you brutally flout it, the best that can happen to you is being driven with shame "and Violence from the country — while I could not answer for your life." "Let thsm try driving me away," said Tristram, white and desperate. "I shan't die at least until I'm sure of the truth." "I tell you, man, you are as sure as you will ever be!" cried the priest, shak en beyond self-control. "The voice of the Mother Superior has spoken. No other echo will ever reach you from the con vent. This is the end. I have warned you; if you are not out of this village, polluted by your presence, before to morrow morning, look to your own life. The police will be Informed, but even they will hardly protect you from the mob." . He flung his ultimatum at the English man from the door. An instant later it had closed behind him. For a long time Tristram stood still. The spring of life seemed to have snapped. He fought against belief, yet in his heart he did believe the worst. The story was so horribly circumstantial. It followed out in ghastly detail the mys tery begun in darkness in Mary's cell. Wild ideas of reprisal stormed his brain. He thought vaguely of revenge, snatched through appeals to Rome, and to the Austrian throne. Ii he were idle, lie should go mad. He must set to work. But how— and upon what? "O, God! O, God!" he said aloud, and heard himself speaking, with, dim won der. "There are some things too cruel to be true, even in this cruel world. Let this be one of them." Afterwards, there was no recollection in his mind of how he left the room and the house, but he appeared to wake from a dream and come back to himself again, by the side of the lake in the dark. Rain was falling, and through a filmy, floating veil of it he could see a light in the con vent church far away. He turned from it with a- groan, and walked back towards the village. Mechanically, he took the direction of the inn; mechanically, he en tered the half-closed door. Half-way to bis own sitting-room, which he would gladly have reached without meeting anyone, a chair grated on the uncarpeted floor of a room which he had to pass, and the stout figure of the landlord appeared, black against a lighted background. He had heard the footsteps of the high, well-born one (was the courteous greet ing he gave to his guest), and ventured to inform the noble gentleman that in the kitchen was waiting a boy of the village, much desiring speech with the English noble. Tristram stared and frowned, too pas sionately absorbed in his own sorrow to understand half that the politely-bowing 'Austrian "had said. "Will the high, well-born Herr see the bby, who says that he has a private and important message, to be delivered only to himself." "Yes, send him in to me," answered Tristram. He did not know what had been said to him or what he had said in return, and so he was surprised when presently a youth of the tradesman class opened the door of his room, and sheep ishly entered. "Why do you come in without knock ing, and what do you want?" Tristram demanded in German, not meaning to speak harshly, but (standing taU and haggard in front of a hearth where no fire burnt) looking grim and formidable. "1/ it pleases you, noble lord, 1 did knock, and you told me to come in," re turned the boy./ "I want only to give you a. letter Which my, mother and I have decided must be for you." "Is my name on it?" inquired Tristram, who, at the moment, in forgetting most things save his great trouble, had forgot ten that he had adopted a name not his own, for use in Leux. "There is no name on the letter, gracious sir, but on the outside is written, "For the artist in the boat. Anyone who finds this and takes it to him will receive money. " (This last bit of information was Impart ed with a sly, sifielong look.) 1 HPor-the firsttime a -gleam -of— interest- 'and compreheixslbh Shone" In : Tristram's ieyeS, as if the lamplight had suddenly found and touched them. : "For 'the artist in the boat?" It was to the "artist in the boat" that the Mother Superior had sent her message? "Who gave you the letter?" he asked, quickly. "Nobody exactly gave it to me, noble sir. I found it." "Where?" "This afternoon it was my business to take over to the Sacred Island the weekly stores for my master, the grocer here in the village. I was ferried across, carried up the boxes to the gates; and was run ning down again to the landing place when I kicked against a ball of white paper. I was going to kick it on and on, into the water, for amusement, when I saw that it was tied with a torn shred of green silk round a stone. That surprised me, gracious sir, for no one lives on the island, as you know, but the lady nuns, and I did not see why one of them should make up balls of paper to throw over the wail. So I picked it up, and on the ball was written something, I could not make out what> until I untied the bit of silk, and had thrown away the stone. Then I smoothed the paper on my hand, and I read the words I have just told you, noble sir. On the other side, where the paper was folded over, the edges were fastened together with stitches made in yellow silk. I wondered more and more, but I would not open the letter, 6ince certainly it was not for me. Instead,' I put the paper away in my pocket, without let ting the boatman see it, and took it home to ihy mother. She it was who sent me here, for everyone in Leux knows there is a foreign artist at the inn, who spends all -his time in a boat, painting the Con vent of the Sacred Island. My mother cautioned me strictly, air, that I was not to say a word of my errand to anyone, as it might work great mischief If people knew that one of the ladies . at the con vent had taken this way of writing to a gentleman. But who knows if he is not her brother, says my mother, since she's well enough acquainted with him to be sure he will give money? So there can be no harm in seeing what comes of it. And if you were out, noble sir, I was to wait till you should come in — which I did." "Here is what you have been waiting for," said Tristram, pulling a gold piece with the Emperor's head upon it from bi3 pocket. "And here is another of the same sort, to remind you to hold your tongue. Your mother is a wise woman. This, business is between you and me, and no one else. Don't forget." "I won't forget, sir. And thank you." "With a self-conscious blush and a desper ate air of getting through a thing that must be done, the boy seized Tristram's reluctant hand, and, according to the in variable custom of the Austrian peasan try after favors received, pressed a moist kiss upon it. Then, laying a crumpled, folded paper on the table, he was gone. The blood mounted to Tristram's head like new wine as he snatched up the let ter. (To be Continued.) 