[From our Special Correspondent.! . ? LONDON, June 22.. BURIAL OF MRS. GLA.DSTOXE. ? AU that remained ot 3lrs. Gladstone was conveyed from Hawarden Castle to the village Church, on. Sunday, where, early in lhi» still, suinmur tivenin1'. tile meillljei'S of The family and frieuds of the departed, with tome of the villagers, a^r-enihled- to hear ?the mneral sermon i;reached by the Keiv lliirrj' Dreir. A' special train tore to Lon ilon the coffin containing 'the last of the Wynnes.' A forren^tidcnt of the 'Daily INmra' writes thus from tlie spot: — She 'has 'one away from the happy glades and glorious ?woodland' of her people to be reunited with him whom slit- loved so well. Occasional glranis-of sunsliinc have to-day alternated ?with light and fitfnl showers. The air ha.-; lwen full of the »weet niuMe of birds, to jnark the joining ajniin of these two great .-onls beyond the Valley of Death, while distant' fumbles of thunder have come like a muffled peal from heaven to sympathize wth 'ihe to attache and the void winch the ?whole village feels in the loss of its dear ;md noble neiihbour.'' On Tuesday W'estnuns^r Abbey was at tended by a few hundreds of reve rent worshippers, who joined with [tding in the solemn obsequies of the dead. Alter the burial service the Ninetieth Psalm was sung, followed by the lesson. The hymn 'Rock of Ages ' preceded : lie bearing of the body to ths grave in the north transept, where the coffin was d-- TKist&ed; besitle that of her deceased illus irious husbiind. and during this procession Mr. Gladstone's favourite 'I'raise to the Holiest' was sung. An anthsm. the hymn -«) God our help/* and the Dead March in ??-aul/' followed by the 'March? ^olennel le,' by Schubert, brought, tlu- sen-ice to an impressive clos*. Mrs. Gladstone is the third woman buried in the AV.bcy ilurmg the present century. Thes.- p;\thetic lines, published on the day of her burial, are by !Mr. James llhoados: — CVTUERIXE GLADSTONE. Juuc 19, 100U.' -'othinir is here for tears. «»r loud Ala?: M ed to a matchltss mind, a podlike will, ? His impel, beautiful in youth, she was ? And, beautiful in eld, his angel 'Still. Twas wtary waiting in the house of tears; And when to e}e^ with a?e anil vigil dim, -!-im. noon, and nieht. for two .long lonely years He fame not, she arose and went to him. P.-»«vn fair then, O thou more than nurriase-daj-, When now- tor ever— not, till death do part— Trnh-bound within their minitrr-bed ?»-? lay The noble heart beside the noble heart. Among the wreaths placed upon the cof iin was one from the Prince and Princfbs of Wales liearinp the following lines, which wvre signed 'Alexaridra'': — IN MEMORY' UK PKAR MRS. GLADSTONE. It is but crofting with a bated breath — A white srt face! a Hitle s-trip of sea— To find the loved ones waiting on the shore, . More beautiful, more precious, than before. WAITING TO DIE. Last Saturday, 'in the golden eventide,' T atrolled through the grounds of the I'rinee Alfred Home for Aged Seajncn at Belyi ?lere in Kent. In the midst of a beautiful jiark sr-udded with old. umbrageous- trees, aiid approached from the entrance gate bj ilie secret ingress of ;i siibterranfan way at ?well ae by the snivelled path, stood the old siinare buildinc. The rain, and snow, and -vind. the light ,and_ the darkness, have b-'en famii'iar with it these hundreds of year?, for it wai- formerly the residence oi .in ancient cotuity family. Its last use be fore demolition is a worthy one— the shel tering of derelict old salts who have finished their work. It is a strange square-shaped file, which might have done duty for a srain store, if its architect had been less l.ivish of window glass. It looked a- very 'breeding ground for ghost*. Within, tb; rnoms were fitted up likft the fo'caatle of a ship, and each man had his bunk to. re- mind him of the days that arc no more. T.'nder the trees. s«ittere(l over the park, uniformed in blue serge with shining bras* V'titton-% sat and chatted the stift-iimbtd «-!:! sons of the st.«. In the distance the bright waters of the Thames lay placid in th-- sunlight, and now and then a sail glid ed by as the 'stately ships' passed to and ire. What memories the sight of them may have bromrht bacic to those an cii-nt mariner? as they looked out from the bounds of Ijhrir limitation. Waiting to die! The praceful evening^ seemed to invrease the imprcs.siveness of the scene. A couple of eats — favourites of the old men, s:- their tamenoss shewed — were playing hide-aiid-s-cek in the miss, . profaning the i-oleinn pleasanrc with their giimbols. Wait Frm to die! The worn-out ;horses at the Zoo excite some pity, for their .fate after their lives of honast hanl work; but .the spectacle of these, old men rrinch'ed a chord ..-.-! infinite tenderness. Yet, as 1 passed one of tlirai, he saluted in'. true sailor fashion, and there was nought of sadness in his mien, but rather a determined' cheer- fulness in very spite of his waiting condi tion. And then came up a memory of T-iiose lines in the Rubniyat: — : Into thi.-- unirprW. and why not knwinc, .N't whenrp, like water willy-nilly flowing: \i«I nut of it. a- wind alons the W2*te. 1 !;now not whither, willy-nilly blovrinc. f.'p from the earth's centre, through the Seventh Oatc I rose, and on the throne if S,irurn sat-N \nr] many a -knot unravelled by the road, Cxrt not the monster-Knot -f human fate. THE KHEDIVE TN EXGLAXD. (Jreat preparations were made for the re ception of the Khedive of Egypt, who on Thursday arrived at Sheerness- on a. visit to this country, and -much diAippointment w;is expressed in London when it became known that he had been t'iken ill on. the voyu2c, and was unable to proceed beyond tlio |x-rt of landing. What were believed to be symptoms of diphtheria had appeared, and a throat specialist hurried to Slieeraess to examine the illustrious patient. lie will prob.iMv conic into London to-day. The Khedive is a man of many part-, of untiring industry, and of extraordinary me mory. He talks fluently in English.' Ger man. French. .Italian. Turkish. and Arabic, and besides his position as Khedive of his country he is a practical farmer, a horse breeder. ;ind a miL- ichin. Rising at half T'iist .i every morning, he dmdes the hours of this day. and every minute is occupied with official work, receptions, and social duties and exercise. The throne of tecypt became vacant in 1S02 by the death of Tew fik. his father. At first, on his assumption of the duties of government. Abbas IT. was not favourable to England, but the good results, accruing from our occupation of the country have had. an effect upon his keen and observant mind, and the young man's present visit to the Queen is considered an evidence of his conversion from Anslo ?phobia .to that pro|M-r appreciation of 'the tiiihile-cTed \\-irtu--s of this great country, ?nhirh all Englishmen arc so well aware of and most foreigners doubt. The .sugges tion .that 'the single eye is eternally .f oens jeil upon the mitin chance is so absurdly wicked that it is to be hoped that, after a judicious \--ourse of gastrononueal attention. Abbas II. will become disabused of any'sudi slande rous notions. niAOS AT At.DERSHOT. The Aldershot muddle last week, which resulted in the death and prostration of so litany men. L* the subject of a 'Punch' car toon, in. which Field- Marshal Punch says tp fleiieral Routine: — 'There's no excuse! Senseless dress! Damned senseless ma nagement!'' Ah-. Wyndham, speaking on the matter, expressed his regret at the dentlis which h;ul tH.-curred, and informed the Hou.--e that directions had been sent- to Aldershot and to_ ;dl centres where, there were a number of troops under canvas to -oe that die men were provided with pro iwr hoaddres-ses during manoeuvre-: in very hot weather. There Jiad been a good deal of criticism upon the Held cap. They were fiu-e to fai*e with difficultie- which were not entirely due to fadiion. How many regi ment* were prepaml to. give up their full he;iddre» 'i Would the Giwxds give up the bearskin, or the. Higltlamfcrs the feather bonnet': They 'could not Interfere with those ancient headdresses wif.hoiK damag ing the feeling- of sentiment which animat -vl the dittcrcat corps. Ti.at w;l~ part -of the capital on which a voluntaiy anny was tun. He admitied that i'.v.- 'War 'Office hiil not .i complete headdress for all the i loops iu this, ouintiy, nor could they have in ciioum.-iauce9 like the .present, unless they incrcasetl thtfir reserve to nu exten: which 'had never been contemplated be? fore. A« they mild not get the requisite Mipply .-.f hdmets, it w.u- ptTiposcd to issue ?V2.IWU light canva* slouch hats for the.Ust ot tjte troops at home. The War Office ?wits feeling its way towards two head flrciscs for the whole army — ;t dress for uigh days and holidays, and one workman iikc dress for all regiments to l-c worn at Aldcrshot. SpntU Africa, and in other parts irt :!ic Empire. The 'Daily News'* pub ii-sluil a short iUtii-le this nn wring, b which it iV all.ged tliat there is iu- heail of affairs ;it Aldershot. aud that the whole place is iu u -:^ite of ch;ux-. (Jenci-il JS-ttitgonterj- Afoorc. who took the place or General Kelly-Kenny as the panruotuu officer. i- not theic, and nolnxly seems to know vrh-.C, has bijconiL' of hiia. Meanwhile, there are 'St.WI men in .the district without order, discipline, or training i xercic- es. TWO UAHAV.VY DIS.VSl'KKA The quiet viDa-,:e of Slutudi. known to many Auc?trjJi:ais. a.» t-'^e stopping-place oa the railway for visitors to (.Jrw-'s 'Country rhtirchyard,' was on Satunlay l:u-t tiie sreuc o£ a terr.ble ra.il way accident. A rrain. laden with exriu^ionyi-s bound for f.hr r.iOP? at Wir-d5-'-r._ Kir ih^ Castle, anr' ror other rlnce-'m in* no-jgarK-urrood— t, c 4&J; beiflg iEXceptaonaitr tine— cad Du'-ed uv at tha Slough Stat:on. It vras late in starting-' fiom Piiddington, in consaquence of the large -number of passengers,, and ^the extra work entailed' in- collecting so'niany tickeis further increased the delay. The express from LoridnnT to'\ Plymouth ''was timed' to'arriveafSlcugli- seven 'inmutes af ter the ract'tiamhadleft.butitappearsthati through delays to tlie latter it was detain ed in the station beyond its time, and the express, unheeding the danger signals which were shown, crashed- into the carriages from i he rp.ir. 1cillin-r five and iniurinsr 127 [lersonV. The express was travelbng at the pue of fifty; miles an horu-. »- that some idea of the terrific impact can be imagined. The 'reefeal'of the scenes ; witnessed is shock ing, and no good purpose would be served by repeating the-harrowinjr details. Suffice it to say that some or' the. carriages were hoisted, over the- shoulder of the engine., and reaching to the etatton roof ripped away the woodwork. .The: escaping gas. liecame ignited, and added the honors of' conflagra- tion to the hissing ijf hot steam and. tlie shrieks of the mutilated passengers, many of whom managed to ??crawl out,:, covered with blood,' from the splintered wreckage. Among the dead was an Indian barrister. In company- with two: of his countrymen he wtus on the way to 5ee Windsor Castle be fore returning to Bombay. Both, his com panions were -severely knocked about.' . A larg? number of Jews were among the in jured. . The driver of the engine was so' upset by the ?hock thait lie attempted to throw him self under another train mat left the sta tion. : shortly, afterwards.^ , His name is Jamfs Woodniahrand lie-has been in the service of the Great Western Railway Com pany for thirty years, during which time he has gained the highest credential? for carefulness and efficiency. It appears that he had ample time to have slowed off his pace if the signals further back directing this course of action had been followed. The old man is in a state 'of mental col lapse, and his condition is described as piti able in the extreme.' The 'accident i? one of the worst that has occurred in England for many years, and' until the result of tlie Board of Trade. Enquiry, is known, the pub lic will continue in a state of uneasiness. To run an express train only ten- minute* be hind an ordinary seem? a risky proceeding to the uninitiated, but it is done all the year round without accident; and it is of course not to be supposed that the railway author ities depend merely, upon the narrow mar gin of difference in starting time for the safety of their passengers. The occurrence serves to remind the travelling public how much they are in the hands of a single Mac Andrew, to whose enormous responsibility Kipling has in recent years directed atten tion. While the ink of the proceeding echo is still damp there' comes the news of another railway sm;ish— this time a party of excur sionists- from Hastings to Hampton .Court. The report is simply that the engine instead of pulling up at the station platform con tinued its. rate of speed, and crashed into the stop-blocks, at the* end of the terminal line. About sixty passengers were bruis ed and cut and otherwise hurt, and one lady is seriously injured, but no deaths are reported. The cause it not yet discovered, but it is said that the brakes failed to hold on a line rendered slippery by rain. ENGLAND'S COAfT DEFENCE. If a war broke out between England and some European Bower the Channel Fleet would be sent to the Mediterranean. The Reserve Fleet would then be charged with the responsibility of England's, coast de fence. It is intended to strengthen the latter fleet by forming auother squadron to be called the Reserve Squadron, and the present one will be railed the Home Fleet. They will, as at. present, says the ''Daily Hail.' consist of the port guard and wast guard ships. In the dockyards will ?till reman the i'Ten-knot''Snuadrnn, i.e.. vessels of an . obsolete . type and. little real fighting value, hut which are now- held in reserve a- 'England's last hope'' — and called such: as well as the torpedo flotillas. The advantage of the proposed new scheme is that under it we shall really have a Channel Squadron always ready for a-uy emergenty, and behind this a' reserve. fleet that can be got together within a day or two, without drawing upon the reserves in the dockyards. The Channel Fleet will thus lie left free to co-operate with the Mediterranean Fleet, or act in any other waters where it may be required without leaving our shores inadequately protected. It is also .«tated that the Training Squad ron is to' be made into a Rear- Admiral's command; By this. step we should obtain a r-'ouadron of . six smart cruisers that would always- be ready for an emergency call in place of the four useless masted ships which . until.' recently ma4e up . tlie Training Squadron.1 Tlie contemplated change^ ia ' the 'fleets* will most likely be made after the. ma noeuyres or; early in the autumn. ' ? . ' A MUDDLE fX TIIE POST-OFFICE. The first result of the. change in Post office arrangements and the adoption of the new method for separating country, from city letters by» the establishment' of a second clearing-liou.-* .it Mount Pleasant is simply chars?. If the reports are true there is no other word for it. Tons ot letters and newspajurs are lying on .rlie floor* imported, even letters strunripd with a late lee being among them. liigs ot unsorted letters are thrown into the mail trains on- the eh* ice that the official on hoard Trill be able to sort them on the journey, and often the bugs come back un opened, havinz heai the journey for uo thing. This- week the Queen's private pouch, and also that used at the War Office, got lost in the general coufiision. IKl*H POLITICAL UNITY. It i? reported in the 'Daily Chronicle' that Mr. T. 1'. O'Connor — who was received by the delegates at the Convention of the United League of Ireland, said: — -'If he had the power he would girdle the land with a ivail of fire, so that no Irishman should loave his country until her wrongs had been redressed and her people planted in the soil.' The close of the sentence sug gests the necessity for a rather large necro polis, but everybody knows what the ge nial 'M. A. P.' editor means*. The Con vention proclaimed the United League to be the National organization. The paper mentioned above says that according to the League's Constitution there is to be a Inanch- in every parish, which will eltx-t six delegates to aai electoral division executive, the latter being the real working unit of tlie organization. Each divisional executive will elect one member to a provincial pi rectory, and the provincial Directories will, together with the Chairman and officers of the Parliamentary party, govern the organi zation until after the general election, ivlvin a permanent National Dir-otory is to be constituted. ft is proposed to place the Parliamentary fund in the hantf- of thnv trustees— Dr. O'Donne'l (Bishop of l-aphne), Mr. -Tohn Redmond, and Alderman Site phtn O'Mara. Candidates, for Parliament to be chosen by a' divisional Convention and take the party pledge. They are to be indemnities for their attendance in Par liament so far as the funds permit, and their allowance is to be curtailed on a re gular ?oa!e for non-attendanc-'. No cen tral organization is. unless specially reques ted, to' make any suggestion ;;- to the sUee tton of caiidiilatesr. this being left eutircly to the divisional executive or Convention. Mr. William O'Brien declared that Mib st.vntrai unity had now Vt-'en attained. The branches, of the League numbered about 1.000? and they could easily star: a National Fund with a first instalment of £10,000. The flower of -the race was with the League, and it would deliver Ireland from English landlordism and English rule in all its moods and tenser Tlie subordination of the Parliamentary Party to the League gave rise to some dis cussion. But ilr. William O'Brien said the people were masters, and would remain masters: and they meant to found an or ganization whith no man couM defy. Mr. John Dillon, too, did not like the propo sal t*- admit representatives of tlie Parlia mentary party in eo.u:d numbers with tluist; of the League. '*Wbat?' said he with cm pha.-i*. 'plant in the very mid.-: of the'r organization, and in the citadel of their .power, nwn who would ruin and wreck their whole nii-.veaitnt*: Not much!'' lor something to that effect). The resolution defining tlie Constitution was declared to have been carried unanimously. Theusaof that final word ai- applied to the delibera tions- of earnest and enthus-iasvtu* sons of Erin .is. surely open to question. DEATH OF COUNT MUR.W1EFK. .Yesterday morning Count Mtituvieff. the Russian Minister for Foreign Affairs, took his usual early cup of coffee, and was im mediately afterwards, seized by an attack of cerebral hemorrhage which caused his death in a few minutes. It is a singular co incidence that his predecessor. Prince Lohanoff, died in an equally sudden manner in 1801': he had alighted from a railway train in' company with the Czar, and stepped for ward on the platform, when without warn ing' lie fell back dead. Count MiiravtefE was only 35 years of age, but his remarkable ability and tenacity of purpose had already distinguished him as one of the most clever and successful Foreign Ministers of the day. Endowed Avith a strong, even obstinate, will, he found himself in-conflict with his august master even to the point of disobe dience ou occasion. His disposition towards England was not altogether friendly, though there has been a fairly good under standing between the; two countries in im mediately recent years. He lived and work ed for Hitssian interests, and at the moment othis dc;tt.h his hands were very full with the great responsibilities, of Chinese affairs-. It is »aid th-.it he had jui-t vomplet«l ntg.iti ;itions with ' Persia relating to a nav ;1 liar bour. DEATH -OF A FRENCH 'PIUSfE. The Prmee de Joinville died on .Saturday at the age of S2. Ho was the last surviving and third son of Louis Philippe, and graud unele of the Due d' Orleans whose name is just uow notorious in consequence of his etter of canimendation to the intamuus French caricaturist of the Queen. The de mise of the Prince is of some interest to English people from the fact that' members of his family have from time to time found an asylum in England. His father died at C-kireniont in his place of residence assigned by (Juteii Victoria at the- time of the Invo lution, and his uncle (the Due de Moutpcn sicr) ..hreathtd hi-- last at Twickenham. A work of his own on the feasi bility --f the .invasion, of- England attfacto1.! sonic notice at the time of its publication. and another work entitled 'L'Angleterre: Etude Sur le Self (tovemmeut,' was an intelligent apprecia tion oi tluv English system of rule. The Prhu-e was n remarkable man. At the ;me of 'JO he commandu'd a warship in the Fran co-Mexican, war. and took prisoner an op posing General by personal a west.. He was the oiiicer seWi-ied' to convey^ the remains of the great Napoleon, from £t. Helena to France.'' In .1S4S he. with his father, left. the land of revolution 'and came an oxile to England: but. when the Franco-German war broke out in 1870 he wished to return and fight for his country. Permission was refus-'c-il on account of the Orieanist Edict. La'ter in the same year he wait to Paris as an 'American colonel. .calling ,liiniself %iLu therotl.'' and entered the araiy; bur when he discovered his identity to (Jambetta he was sent back to England.' In the next year fe was elected a deputy, and shortly afterwards, the Edict ' of Expulsion being repealed, 'he '-took his-seat in the French Chamber, where he continued to represent his division for five years. _ For the last twenty-live years he had lived in retire ment.' In personal .characteristics he was shabby in attire: fond of ?hiiriting and fish ing: a clever caricaturist; extremely fond of life w-ife aud his home: a great French patriot: a deaf man who joked on his own infirmity: aud a moa genial ho=t and com panion. The last occasion on which he came into notice was brought about by his grand nephew's disgraceful conduct over tlie Wil lette caricature above referred to,, when he gave the ingrate a wigging. The deceased Prince had. the distinction . of being once satirised bv Thac-Beray- in the ito!uinn- of ''Punch.' The 'Daily News' Paris corre spondent says:— The remains will be taken to tb-; mausoleum built at Drcux by the Due dc Pmrhievfe. his gicat-gr.indfatheiv and enlargefi and emlxfll^lW hy Louis Philippp. One ilaushter of that' Kins li--s there. Fniucoisr. who died in t-hi'dii-vid. !HU ddiichtcrs. Loui-=-. Queen of the i5el gians. and Marie, Puchos-e of Wur.enihurjc. i ;ire buried at L.ieken and .^axe-Coliurg. All j his daughters-in-law, save the DiiL-lie.sse d'-{ Orleans aud the Duchesse de Montpensier, j .i Spanish Prince.^-, lie in the same. vault with. Louis Philippe, his wife, and sons. The Duehes.»e d'Oi-lean*.' who died in the Protestant Evangelical Church, is in a soli tary vaidt. but tliers is a hole in the wall through which the hand of her marble efli gy is thrust to clasp that of her husband. £lie is thus a heretic ouWide of the fainiiy I'ale. The m;tu-oleum is a family possession. Tlw family, 'therefore, including the late Comte de Paris and Due de Charxres, sanc tioned this posthumous ostracism of a most estimable and accomplis-hed Piincess THK 15KUF.F IX TKAXSUBSTAXTUTIOX. , The following w the dechiration of the English Church Union on tlie doctrine of the Eucharist: — 'We. members of. the E»;i lish Church Union, holding fast to the faith und teaching of the One Holy Catholic ? aud ApostolieChureh: that, in the Sacrament of the Lord's ?fupi-er. the Bread and Wine, through die operation of the Holy Ghost, become iii and by consecration according to our Lord's Institution verily and indeed the Body and Blood of Christ,' and that Christ our Lord, present in the same most Uoly ?Sacrament- of the Altar under the form of Bread and Wine,' is to be worshipped and adored— desire, in view of present circum stances, to reaffirm, in accordance with the teachins of the Church, our belief in this verity of the Christian faith, and to declare that we shall abide by all such teaching and practice as follow from this doctriae of the whole Catholic Church of Christy There is no ambiguity here: there is. no room for doubt as to the opinion of this section of the Established Church, on the doctrine of-'Pransubstantia-tion. As show ing the large1 number of adherents to this belief, it is reported that the Holy Eucha rist was offered 'for the Intention of the Union' in 132 London Churches, and 1,149 Churches in the country, and sermons were preached or. behalf of the Union in 32 Churches in London at Evensong. Lord Halifax, the President, asked those present on Thursday who agreed with t the declaration to stand up, and the whole audience arose. In the course of Ms ad dress Lord Halifax said 'they 'had no need to a-sk where Christ's Sacred Body had been laid. They had that Body given into tlheir keeping as often .as -bhey would. They podsassed Jiim in the Holy Eucharist. He further remarked that' they would not allow the pririleff0 °f t^e reservation of the Sac rament to be taken from them; ttot ito stop the -daily celebration because there was no communicant -would 'cost tlie Church many of her most' devoted children: /and that it outsiders were to be allowed to determine Church doctrine and practice the sooner dis establishment came the better. The pro posed conference between the contending divisions of the Church was, on a resolution, hailed with thankfulness .is a means to an understanding of each other's views. niKWTIANS AXI) VEXIAL S1XS. Some delegates at the annual Conference of the British Christian Young Glen's Asso ciations think novel-readhjg, theatre-gaing, and smoking should not be. indulged iu by the members. Smoking is a viola lioii of the sicredness of tiie .body, theatre-goin? is vitia'tiug to the inorals; and .novel-reading saps the vigour and manbucss of the mind. A lively debate followed these expressions of opinion, and one gentleman thanked God that he smoked, while another suggested that v. moderate and judicious course of novel-reading would !beU) the Y.M.C.A. members to acquire a little imagination. KUYAI. SOCIETY'.* COXVERSAZIOXK. There was a great gath'ering of the c'ars scientific on Wednesday night, when Bur lington House was givi'n over to a conversa zione of the Royal Society. The company was niore brilliant from an intellectual than from a sartorial or millinery point of view, but there were many spruce gentle man, and .elegantly dressed ladies present. The . objects of interest exhibited 'for the delectation of experts and amateurs were varied and, .in the highest degree, novel. For instance, .Professor Ray Lankeater showed Hiss Delta . Emettr's - beautiful en larged models of. gnats and mosquitoes, to gether with human blood corpuscles infect ed by the malaria parasite of these vora cious 'insect?. The Zoological. Society pre sented to view two living female crownsd lemurs, concerning whom it was explained that the infant of 'the lemur corona tuis, which is carried across the stomach of the mother, maintains its position by means of its own tail, which it passes over ? the parent's back and then round its own neck. 3Ir. Fred Eaoi-k, one aceoun't states, 'be- sides introducing the company to aquatic walking-stick insects, threw a flood of new light on the life history of 'the common tiger beetle (eicindela oampestrisO. one of the most beautiful of the ooleaptera. The erub makes deep vertical bin-rows on I£amp?t«ad Heath aind other windy regions, and, with his head unnbstrusivcly'filling the aperture, waits patiently for his'prey. ? Ilr. Enock watched one for an 'entire day and night before anything hap pened. Then a fly came along, and straightway the artful and elastic pupa turned a sort of backward ' -somersault and captured the.winjred stranger. Wlien the juicy miner is roet_'by the obstruction of, a pebble in his delving he ascends with it on his head. a!r.d_ with' a dexterous j«rk of his neck aends it flying. Mr. Eno;:k saw a grub aim a uebble so deverlv that ' . '.'' ' ? ?- ''? .. - ??' '. ' '??': ' it went into the burrow of another firub, who in turn brougnt it up on his head a. id indignantly dwt it .iway. After that IMi. EiiCR-k diopiHNl small stones into some of the holes/' Wkli m much that was rare and beautiful to engage their attention, with an abundance o: refreshments to re cruit their strength when they were liun gry r.r 'thirsty, is it surprising that the guests of the Society passed a proh'table aud .happy evening!; ? the cours or commi.ssiox.ures. Th« Duke of Cambridge in a si»eech to the I'.orp.-? of Commissionaires whom he was ?iuspecting,- told tlKm' that it was a great tiMi!:* to lii«v sonietliing to do, and that no thing in this world i* worse than idleness. Tisere were 1,370 of the old fellows on parade out of a total of 2,59U. They looked in tine tVather, &uh; ma:i in full ilross with j)!umcd cap, and wearing his medals. About twenty of their number were selected for special honour for a. sood record and long service, and those, were presented with me dals inscribed with tho words: '^'il?tute et Industrial' Captain Sir Edward Walter — who is to the corps wiiai ilr. W'ybert Jiceve is to the South Australian branch of it— rflso addressed the men, and resniuded them that their numbers had increased by 1,000 since the Duke of Cambridge first addressed them in 1SS0. The- principles of the corps were expressed in the Ten Commandments, and uo absent-minded beggars were included among them, for they were all up-Uninte. men. Tlie 'Times'1 gives a yeryfuil re port of the interesting proceeding, and Sir Ed waif I Walter comes in for a good deal oi well-merited praise. The annual report stated that all partially disabled soldiers' of good regimental character, who were willing to work could join, and no- difficulty was found in obtaining work for thcm.# - Three hundred of the niemfocrs were now* at the frait. Sir Edward Walter stated further that the average wages earned was 2Ss. a week, which is not bad pay for a wounded man. . ? TEMPERANCE XSli MEANNESS. 'The miserable meanness and insufferable stinginess of some teetotallers plumbed its deepest depth when temperance literature was concerned,' said a gentleman at a ?closing meeting of the Temperance Con gress i-ist week. The sentence is rather suggestive of the idea that some teetotallers are always mean, which will be flouted at ence as a shocking libel. This speaker. was referring to the difficulties confronting wri ters of temperance literature, and lie did not scruple to 'imply 'that the abstinence of uon-supportsrs' of such, pabulum frcmi in toxicanis was/ as much, a result of meanness ?as of principle . 'They. 'not- only- abstain from ' liquor, .but also from .spending a farthing on temperance literatures'. ? 'Au- tborr, Printers, and Publishers .Si-arved Here*' ought 'to he inscribed as the- motto of temperance organizations. Author? were not merely concerned in the issue of books in the way of their gratuitous bestowal upon recipients— they sometimes wanted to eat and drink and to wear clothes. He was ^nreastic upon Societies:' that spent money on tea and cake, and starved thV-mind, and proposed- as 'something new for- the 'conside- ration of such bodies that they should buy books and periodicals instead of borrowing or begging them. 15ur thi» charge is not confined to tectotiillcrs; coaiiwratively fe\y people will pay a shilling or two for a* book that wilj last a .lifetime, and renew the fla vour of its draught every time it is tapped, while tern- of thousands will spend money over delights that arc but momentary in their eitect. ? . T'ne last-paper of the Congress was read by Dr. Clifford... lie appealed for more in dividual effort in the cause of temperance, and referred to a proposal to obtain a mil lion nn\v pledges.- The -profit accruing to private persons from the drink traffic should in his opinion be stopped: by, legislation municipalizinj: the trade. This vfew nict with s-omc onxiosition iti the discussion which followed, and as Ur. Clifford's paper was to be a sort, of message from tlu? Con gress his . person.'!1! ojiinion was eliminated, and a resolution agreed ''to. that a message should be issued on the lines, of the Doctor's deliverahcc. . ''Temperance Saturday' was celebrated in the London i*i rks by many j-rocessions an'd much flag-flopping. A banner l)earing the ambigitous legend . 'Down' wi(h' strong Drink!' was greatly in evidence. ... AWKWARD FOR THE DOCTOR. A very'' remarkable- action for damages again?! a medical practitioner 'lias jtt-t been concluded. ' The plaintiff, was a nurse, who sued Dr. Dods for the libel contained in a certificate of her insanity, fur nished to the parish authorities.- '.In the Court the nurse, Miss Agnes Dowling, ad mitted her belief in hypnotism and the oc cult sciences. Tetters written by her were produced, in which she claimed .to, have the blood of kings (Irish) and of martyrs flowing in her veins, and in whichsheshiwed, animus against persons who 'had not' harmed her, because she fancied they, influenced her thoughts and actions by telepathy. In one of these letters she wrote: — '??Now. this is the message Uhave to send you 1. You are a vile, unjust, unholy woman. .One has only to look at you to tee that 'there is -no spirit of: mortifioa-tiou in you. . You tried to take my- soul from me with' your diaboli cal practices.' In cross-examination ahe stated that one woman 'threw her down in the street by projecting her ''thought-body' at her. If there is anvthins iir this theory it may account for ithe falling sickness of srentlemen going home— at, say, 1 a,m.— who v hitherto have lived under the cruel breath of slander. , The doctor's defence was that he acted bona fide, in the interests of iflDoee who might come under her care, and in ih& interests. of the nurse herself. The Jury, who did not fthink his action sprang from quite such high motives, awarded t!he plain tiff £100. 'ASCOT SUXDAY.' The Thames is the gTea't fashionable re sort in the summer time. Pretty wome'a in boating costume float lazily down the river reclining in the luxurious turroundings of soft cushions of bright colours: while men in flannels and straw hats take it. in turns to cam- on smoking flirtatious, and to row or punt. The Sunday after Ascot is the great day of the season. 'But last Sunday was a contrast to former years. As an old loekkeeper put it— 'The men were not here, and tlie wonien stop at home to think about' them/' The war has made a wonderful difference to the boatkeepors and those who make a living on the jivcr. 'Ascot Sunday'' in Hyde Park was a- great sight, all the fashion, wealth, and beauty, at present- in London being represented. The light summer costumes in all delicate shades and tint.«, and made in the most charming modes that cunning artists could dense, formed a remarkably striking show in the great- promenade. AUK'S EOfiS. ' Af a furniture sale in a Kentish ullage a youth noticed two large eggs, and being a lad with taste for conchoidal curiosities and fossils of all kinds he bid 8s. for them. A wretched rival ran him up to 36s., but lie secured the eggs, and tying them in a ker chief carried them home on his bicycle. They were opes of the extinct great auk; and' one of them, albeit a cracked shell. Has sold for 200 guineas. This was a great haul. As much n- 300 guineas had been paid tor one very line specimen as long ago as 1892, but this week one' of these eggt -old for .C330 las. at auction. Among tho damp . and musty sttrroundincs of second-' hand furniture to unexpectedly find theso shelly, treasures misht cause any such for tunate youth to burst into an impromptu apostrophe to an auk. thus — Hail to thoe. fowl spirit! Bird m dead as dirt! Thou whose ctrp 1 ferret From the fusty mart . That niak'st the mug all unprcmeditating part. Tim UVTE ARCHIBALD FORBES. Mrs. Forbes, widow of the late war cor respondent, is tlie sole executrix of his will. The estate was estimated at the gross value of £10,908. ART SALES. . On Saturday Messrs. Christie sold some ' valuable pictures at- hich price?. One by (iporge Ronwey— a full-length iwrfaait of a, younjr frirl who afterwards became Mrs. f Inigo Freeman Thomas— brought seven thou sand guineas. A 'View of a Watermill,' by Hobbema, brought 6,200 guineas. Tho other lots, comprising works by (Gains borough, Morland. Jo than Reynolds, Land seer, and other famous artists brought from 1.10 to 1,600 guineas. At Sotheby's on Monday an old Stradivarius violin brought £600. AXT10U1TIES OF SIIiCIIESTER. On the site of the old Roman city of FMlchester antiquities arc constantly being recovered, consisting of coins,, glafeswork, tirnaniPiits, seals, keysf'and pottery. The Society of Antiquaries has a number of those articles now on view at. Burlington House. A drinking vessel ? bearing the in ?rription 'Vitam Tibi'' is almost intact., and some vases date back to A.I). Sn. T^ast. year i skull was found— a rare discover)- inside the old city, as the Romans buried their dead without its walls. THE 'DAILY EXPRESS' -VESTTRE. It having been said that the 'Daily Ex press'' will 'shortly be floated into a. com p:iny. Mr. ('. Arthur Pearson, the proprie tor, informs the ''Sun' — the publisher' of the news— tint the ''Express' is costing him ,i less of i'2.rin a d.iy. It will, he pays, take ;i ipinrter of a million and two years o{ hard work to properly found it. The cost of thn preliminary work and plant was £100,000. .Mr. Pearson says the 'Express' is his own venture, and is not connected with tin1 linn of Pearson Linked. lMK'KEKS' STRIKE. The dockers' strike seems likely to col lapse, with the result to the men of perma nent loss of their work. It i* snid that 12,(100 are out, .but these numbers are open to doubt. A (!orresimndent of the 'Times'' places the total at two to throe thousand. Delegates from the Societies of the sieve dorw, carmen, watermen, lightermen, ah«l gaaworkers reported to the dockers yester day afternoon that they were not prepared to strike, but that they would pive the doc ker* every assistance short of that. Work i.s proceeding much in the usual way, 800 substitutes hnvinc been imported, ^nd more local labour 'haviiiR proved available limn was Pxp-H-tcd. Two hundred men have hren brought from Birmingham under a pro mise of out- year's work at 30s. a week. The imported workers were informed that they could keep their places permanently if they desired. FRESH-AIR (TRE. T!ip open-air treatment of consumption was commenced at the North London CheM. Ho--pit.il last year, and the report, juvt is niifl shows mosl cticoiimging results. Thn ward windows have been kept open in all wea fliers, patients hting kept, wnrni by blanket.-! ?nd artificial lir.it. Most of those iu the early stage* of the disoa«e 'luivp re covered, and 70 per cent, of the others have been permanently benefited. ACTORS AND SWEATIXO. The Actors' Association lias decided to raise the period for qualification for mem ber-hip 6i the Association from 40 to 80 weeks. Mr. Edward Terry, speaking in fa vour of the aincudnient, said the Associa tion was meant for t'he real worker*-1, not for mere dabblers, who, taking engagements at reduced wajref. kept the worthier mem ber* out of employment. He would like to have added that a prior claim for admis -ion to Hhp Associations should be given to the sons and daughters of actotV and iiet rcs-e--1. lie appeared to have a professio-' nal objection ( to the actor who. paid a pre mium for his histrionic education. Mr. Laurence Irving, von of tlie jrroat Sir Hen ry, and Mr. Ilayden Coflin opposed the al« teration in vain. HOYAh BCTnOTIIAIi. Tlie following is an official announcement of «the late.'t royal betrothal: — 'Her Ma jesty was ploaswl to declare her consent to a contract of matrrmony bct-wct-n Princess Marii! IjOui'so A'ictoria Carolina Amelia Alexandra Augusta Fredoric.i, 1rorn Prin cess of Great P.ritain and Ireland and Prin« cc.=s of Brunvwick, daiicht4-r of His Roy;d HiEhness rhp Duke of Cumberland, and His Grand Dtic.nl l-liglinof» Prince Maximilian Alexander Frederic William, nephew of Ilia Krt.val lifelines* the (irand Duke of Baden, wliich consent. Her Majesty has caused to he signified under the Great Seal and to bn entered in the books of the Privy Council.' TICK NATIONAL ART GAIXEHY. The National Art Gallery's recent narrow iwca|ip from fire has awakened the authori ties to the danger of its .pro-cut position with rrp.ird to the adjacent buildings. The surrounding property will be acquired, and the gallery so isolated as to be rendered comparatively safe. A Ml'lTH'LE DIVORCE. Captain Ilelson of Vienna got divorced from his wife, and both parties married again. Meeting five years afterwards each again succumbed to the other's revived chiirniF, and. divorcing their mates, married agnin, a second time. After one little month they found their former opinion of, each other to be correct, and now they arc ;tgv.iu divorced. KKi:CER SATIRISED. The street boys called a man Krugci1, notwithstanding that his proper patrony mic was William Mills. This horrid libel so troubled the pour fellow that he attempt ed to drown himself. If the President with the portable capital knew that his very name had liecorae an insupportable disgrace it ought to move' him to doubts of his self- righteousness. But oven then he would fly to the Psalms, his pharmacy of balm for every wound. BUND HSII. Mosst of us have read of tif-hes that become blind through the long absence of light from the waters in which they live. A few specimens known as Kentucky blind fisli were recently to be seen in 'the London Zoo, but they, like the specimens sent to the Dublin Zoo thirty years ajjo, were not able to stand the- change of circumstances and some died from too much light. They were abnormally sensitive to hearing and touch. A REMARKABLE DIVORCE. The Vicar's divorce suit, to which refer ence has been made, was concluded this week after a hearing lasting over fifteen days. The Jury found that the- Vicar's wife and the Churchwarden had Ween guilty of misconduct; aud that the Vicar and the Sunday-school teacher had not. Church warden to pay Vicar £4,000 damages and costs, though the hitter's counsel asked for £2,000 only; Mrs. Vicar to pay costs of Sunday-school teacher— who was dismissed from the case— as well as her own, she be ing possessed of a private estate. The case was one of the longest and most remark able on record. THEATRE QUKUES. The 'visitor to London is at an early pe riod of his sojourn here struck by the pa* tience and orderly behaviour of the per sons forming the queues outside the thea tres. The last comer takes his place at the rear gf the waiting threj-deep column, and never thinks ci attenuating to cet : JJC. through the door in advance of his proper turn. But tie first three or four rows are composed of youths who take up the places on the chance of selling them to late comers, who would spare sixpence apiece rather than lose the opportunity of a seat. The system has its uses, but it seems to be decidedly unfair to the impecunious that the pubbc highway should be used, thus to their disadvantage. ROBBING A PR1NXESS. The Russian Princess Kadziwill has been robbed of £10,000 to £15,000 worth of. pearls at the Carlton. Hotel, in the West Knd Hotel. !?he was rvar.y to start for Paris, and had locked the treasures in her ?wardrobe. While she was at a tete-a-tete lunch with ;ui eminent English polifcan her maid came rushing into thrj dining room to say tjiie jewe's.were missing. Scot land Yard was at once communicated with, and all the inmates of tiie hotel were prac tically made prisoners, but at 'the time of ?writing the precious stones had not been found. A ROYAIi KCCLPTOR. The Princess Louise, now the Duchess of Argyll, is a .sculptor of no mean attain ments. She is now engaged on a statue of the Queen for tlie .\iahchester Cathe dral. It is expected to be ready very soon. WELSBACH INCANDESCENT COMPANY. . At a genewl meeting of the Welsbach In candescent Ga- iight Company, Limited, held this week, several of the shareholders seemed inclined to call the Directors over the coals, one of tne speakers remarking that he did not think there was a concern in the whole of the country that had been more grossly mismanaged. 'An amendment on the motion for b'ie adpotion of. the re port, callinn for an Inves' igation Commit tee, was proposed, but eventually with ?frawn. ,The Chairman expressed his con viction t'lafc the Companv would yet at tain prosperity ' THE QlT-F-v. A correspondent of the 'Spectator' gives the pedip-ee of the Queen's family, by which he shows that she is partly descended from French ancestors. The Editor says the tact is as pleasant as it Is curious, and that it will doubtless be specially welcome to Her Majesty's French-Canadian sub jects. HOSPITAL SITXDAT. The_ Lord Mayor, in annfsiling for sub scriptions to the HosDital Sundav Fund, an noimces the gift by Mr. fieorge' Herring of £10,000 towards the London hospitals. It M suggested that a special effort should be made to bring the total to £100,000. If the other £00,000 is subscribed, Mr. Her rina promises to give a second donation of !£10,0G0. 