ABOUT SOLDIERS' WIVES The wife of an American Boldior — when ho happens to bo-married— Iws a comparatively ' happy time of it.- But it is different else whero and tho condition iB. at its worst in England. No ono need to bo told that tho scarlet jacket of -the British soldier is the greatest incentive to matrimony known to tho civi lised world of women. Indeed, there is con siderable grumbling, not to say indignation, on this scoro in some quarters. It is pretty generally' known that tho sol dier lias a susceptible heart beating behind hi3 tunic, but who stops to inquire how the admirablo Atkins, with his. shilling a day, is enabled to kcop a wifo and children ? Colonel Gildea, the Chairman of the Eng lish Soldiers' and Sailors' Familios Associa tion, in an interview said : — ' You are quite right in saying that .Eng lish soldiers are a marrying community, but don't ask me how they manage to keep. their wives. There arc thousands of meii- and women trying to live on tho soldier's allow ance of a shilling n day, and I don't suppose 1 am far wrong in Baying that at least n third of them aro half starved. Tho women en deavour to augment tho family income by doing a. little washing, and that sort of thing ; but, at' its bust, it is only very casual, employments ' Now, tho aim of our Society is to afford temporary relief to tho families of soldiers and sailors, and I can assure you they stand in need of a great deal of relief. Our chief considerations are not to pauperise and not. to encourage matrimony. It is madness for a private soldier who hai nothing but his pay coming in to marry. ' But first let mo explain what marriage in the English army means. Only nix por cent, of the men in each regiment are per mitted to marry, and then only if they pos sess tho requisite qualifications. For ex ample they must have served for a period of not leas than seven years, and they must have at least £5 in the savings bank. ??They have, in fact, to be trustworthy men who have earned two good conduct badges, The wives have their quarters in the barracks and go abroad and. return with their hus: bands at tho Government's o_xpenso. ' Contrary to an impression that exists outside the Service, however, if the remain ing 94 per cent, marry, as many of them do, without tho consent of tho authorities, thev commit no military crime. ' They caunot bo punished, but no accom modation is provided, in bqgi'ackB for their wives, who enjoy none of the' privileges that' aro allotted to tho wives of the others. To speak plainly, they have to struggle on upon the soldier's pittance and whatever else they can iiMiko. You can imagine what a sorry plight these women are in. when I tell you that it is quite common for a soldier's wife to'have from.fl.ve to eiglit children. ' 'But this isn't by any 'means all with which they have to contond.+ When a regi ment moves, say, from Portsmouth to Edin burgh, or to India, every one of these women is loft behind, while their. more fortunate sisters aecompany'their husbands. ' They .aro left with no provision what ever from th^ Government, and I need not remark that very few of them have the money to follow their husbands. What we do, therefore, in addition to assisting those in sickness and making temporary giants, is to send thorn after their husbands where we can. ' Does the gallant Tommy, then, desert his spouae? ' ...._. ',I am afraid that some soldiers when go ing on foreign Bervice desert their wives until' they return. That is' to say, they leave them to take their ohanco. A soldier who, is married but not by regimental allowance can, by the Army regulation, be subjected to a stoppage of threepence a day — a nice large sum isn't it — forthe support'of his wife and family while ho is away, but ho cau only bo put under this stoppage on the application of tho wife herself or by voluntarily sub mitting to it.' ' It seems as if Mr. Atkins ought to be better paid. How do you faro in trying to dis suade a soldier whose manly heart is burst ing with love from embarking on the treach erous sea of matrimony? ' ' We try to dissuade the girl — not the man,' Colonel Gildaa replied, smiling.' The majority of. girls haven't tho ghost of an idea what' a soldier's life is like. They are fascinated with the red coat and don't give a thought to the future. ' Affairs' are very different in ? the Eng lish Navy,' the colonel added. ' No man is supposed to marry in the Royal Navy. Strangely enough, the authorities don't recog nise' the wife of a sailor when the sailor is living, but if he dies on duty or is killed she is awarded a pension. ' Now with reBpect to a soldier the wife only gets a pension if he succumbs in war. Should he die in barracks through sickness or by accident she iB left to shift for herself. ?' Sailors' wives are in' a much better position when they are separated from their hushandB than the wives of soldierB, inasmuch ' as on a ship being commissioned for foreign | Bervise there is an unwritten law among! Bailors that every man shall make an allot- I ment of something like half his pay in favour of his wifo or any relatives dependent upqn him; and although the Admiralty don't recognise ' thegfl people, 'they undertake to make the stoppage and to hand over the I sums to the payees as toon as they become due. A sailor who neglected to conform to this'praisieworthy principle would have a bad time of it with his mates.' .' 