A MAN FROM THE DARK. , < BY MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON, Author of "Tlie • Barn Stormers," "The Woman in Grey,'" "Fortune's Sport," "Tlie House by the Lpck," &c.; ! SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS. The Hon. Derek Napier, a social wreck, who has been drammed out of society on the charge of cheating at cards—a false charge which he would not deny, because by his own sacrifice he hoped to save tlie father of his sweetheart, 1-ady Marjorie Tessett. from stain — is leaving Hyde Pari at night, when he is accosted by a liansom driver, wlio says he is commissioned to take him to a friend. Derek consents to visit his lnysierious lwnefaetor. and is taken to a lonely house, where lie finds a man unknown to him, who offers him £500 to take a short journey to Glasgow. Ayr, and Kdirburgh, carrying with him sOTne jewellery and a heavy box. which he is to leave for a time at his Glasgow hotel. The man cails himself "Mr. Smith." CHAPTER III.—(Concluded. I The whole affair. described to me in advance by Mr. Smith, seemed absurdly simple on t-iie surface, yet I racked niy brains in vain to decide what there might 1)3 underneath'. It occurred to me tinally tJhat the most feasible solution of the riddle might be found in the sanall jewel-case which Mr. Smith had handed me at the last moment, asking me to keep it in my pocket until I was ready to put it in charge of the manager of -tiie Elsinore Hotel. Although ulie man had assured me that no robbery was contemplated, I thought it not unlikely that, if there were really jewels in the Russia-leather case, they were being sent to Scot-land for a purpose; though -how it was to be accomplished while the valuables were locked in a safe, awaiting my return, I could not see. Perhaps there was to be a burglary, and tbe mam in tihe next compartment was the leader of the gang. It was comprised in my instructions that tfhe hotel manager should see the jewels before they were put away, and thus there could be no reason why 1 should not now ooen tlie box for a first peep. It was not impossible, I reflected, that Mr. Smith was ?Jhe chief of a foreign band of Anarchists, and that tiie apparently innocent leather case might contain something which had better be carefully manipulated before passing into the keeping of hapny ignorance. These last arguments ftaeSd my resolve, and __ another instant the dairk-blue box was out of my pocket and in my hands, my fingers pressing the spring which unlocked it. I opened the thing as carefully I could, half expecting an explosion, if I were reckless, which might cost more valuable lives than mine. But nothing of the sort happened. I looked into an ordinary jewel-box, made to hold miscellaneous artides which had no eases of their own. In a satin-lined tray were stuck a large variety of scarfpins, sucih as some men are fond of using in their ties, and each one was set with at least a single precious stone. Lifting ithe tray, I saw a gold cigarette-case, with diamond monogram eo intricate that it was well nigili impossible to decipher; a bangle, encrusted with rubies, and several rings, brilliant, sapphire, and emerald, which might lie worn either by a man or woman. It was a valuable collection, I judged though I knew little of the intrinsic worth of such things. But as two or three hundred pounds would doubtless cover the cost it (hardly seemed possible thalt so elaborate a plot had been concocted for the eole purpose of geting these bits of jewels out of England and into Scotland. They would certainly suffice to make the landlord feel more than safe in keeping an expensive room for me during my absence, which was the reason alleged for bringing them into the game by Mr. Smith.- But what was ultimately to become of them I found myself at the la-st as unable to guess s 1 had been at first. Mv iournev to Glasgow was uneventful. The "train was late, and it was well on in itlie afternoon before we reached our destination. 1 wrote and. sent a telegram to myself, as I had been directed to do, and then drove on to my hotel, the cabman Who took me complaining bitterly of the weight of my large box. Everything else happened exactly as arranged^ -even to the arrival of the telegram, whicih came while I was dressing.after a cold tub in the very desirable 'town that 1 had taken. I spread out such things as I chose to spare from the contents of the well stocked bag < Which was to travel 011 with me pre~ sjnily l.in picturesque confusion 011 thedressint£-titbie, and felt almost as healthy an appetite for mv luncheon as if I had not been a discarded "lover, a convicted cheat, a cashiered officer, and an unfortunate wretch engaged in an adventure of a .strangely dubious character. }ly nerves were keyed to a high tension; ond though, if 1 were to believe my host of the dark house among the trees, the most exciting part of my mission had ended, I persisted in cherishing ithc obstinate impres sion that in reality it had only just begun. I had seen nothing more of the man in knickerbockers after getting out of the train, though I had not neglected to glance about in quest of him at the station. But in the coffee-room where I lunched an indi vidual faced me at another table whose clothes were less familiar tfhan bis features. 1 could not have sworn that the men were one aad the same; the idea that this was so miaht have been a morbid trick of my ima- <rination. But though the disguise, if disguise it were, was clever and comprehensive, and the fellow's eyes were now hidden behind a pair of blue glasses, I had a strong impression that 1 was still under surveillance. . Despite this fact I ate in a leisurely manner, and sauntered afterwards to the desk with as nonchalant an air as if I had not been conscious mhat every one connected with the hotel, from the manager to the cashier, was curiously speculating ui>on the movements of Derek Napier, a ruined, dishonoured man, travelling, perhaps, on his spoils as a gambler. 1 delivered ovc-r the qewej-case, told my story about the telegram just received and the necessity for a night's absence, all apparently to "the satisfaction of the majiager, and then went up to my room to prepare far niv short journey. Just before I reacned the stairs I passed the man whom I suspected. He had now quite a scholarly air in his black clothes, and his blue glasses. Iii rr though he appeared too absent-minded to notice me, absorbing himself in placing a marker between the pages of a book he held, I fancied that the eyes behind the uglv snectacles were busy in another way. l' had had a tire -lighted in my room, as I could now afford luxury, and the day was biting cold for the time of year, even in Scotland.. Drawing up a beg easy-chair, I had begun to look out times of trains 111 a railway guide I had obtained below when something stirred, as I thought, behind me. I looked round,, expecting to find chat a chambermaid had opened the door and entered so softly that I had not heard her as I sit concealed from view by the back of the great "grandfather" chair; but, to my surprise, the room was still without an occupant save myself. "After all, it must have been the crackling of the fire," I thought. "A curious mistake. though, to make in direction. 1 could liave sworn it didn't come from there." I turned my attention once more to the boot and presently forgot the error of which my ears had been guii-ty. There was & train, it appeared, which would suit me very well for Ayr. and. having ascertained also that I should be able to proceed to Edinburgh that night, it; only remained to repack my bag before 1 should set off. It struck me more forcibly than ever, as I put the things together, how confidently "Mr. Smith" had counted on mv acceptuig bis terms. He had prepared clothing for me. and as I stood six foot two in my stocking it would not h'.ive been so easv to t-ransier it to a substitute at the last moment, had 1 failed. He had had this bag readv, with its fittings carefully selected; while there was actually a. silver "N on the backs of the black- handled brushes and the tops of tlie neat bottles. Certainly it was all verv curious; and 1 was wandering off into renewed speculations when once more cauie a sound, so distinct, so close to mv shoulder, that I actually started. This time I was sure that it had not been made by the crackling of the fire, tor though it. had been indescnbalMe when I hUd heard it before, it was now like a suppressed sigh Agam I searched tlie room with a glance. But had none of the odd corners ajid angles of one or two among those which J had seen at tlie strange old house without a name. . It was an ordinary bedroom, such as one. mav find repeated dozens of times over at most of tbe better-class hotels in Great Britain. Pcrfect.lv square and straightforward in its architecture, furnished only with a handsome "bedroom suite,"' it offeicd no hiding-places save the wardrobe. For a moment I scorned to examine it, since this was not last night; but when tiie soft semblancc of a sigh was repeated it occurred to me that by some odd chance a eat or dog might have been inadvertently imprisoned, to be slowly asphvxated. With tliis fancy in my mind, I opened tiie wardrobe door, but only neat pink calica lining rewarded mv eyes. Still not contented, I drew our each drawer, in chest as well as wardrobe, but all were empty save tor inviting layers of snowv paper. "What an ass I am!" I said aloud. "It's so axe thing in the next room—or I'm goitg off my bead." i These last words I added because I heard j the Bound again; and, "nlrss there was something seriously wrong with my brais. the-noise proceeded from the room in which I stood and nowhere else. I hesitated, at a loss what to think, and ashamed of the queer, superstitious thrill which crept up my spine. 1 had laughed it ghost stories in the old days when I was light-hearted enough to laugh at trifles, and had believed in little what was beyond my ken: yet here T was, on a bright al'teinoon, at a Glasgow hotel, thinking, iu spite m of such practical good sense as 1 might have left, of the possibility that the place was haunted. I had an uncomfortable conviction thai, had I what the Scotch call "second sight," I should see a presence near me. It even seemed that, without this gift, should I turn suddenly enough, my eyes would catch the quick flitting form, intangible, yet visible. My hearing was intensified, until tlie air was full of whisperings, soft breaths indrawn in agony of pain or sorrow. X knew that so far, at least, I deceived myself. Strange pounds there were, ines plicable sighmgs; but they came only at intervals, and. I wished to be persuaded that these were, the result of my imagination. Tlie mental strain of the past few weeks, and the fphyical deprivations of the last four or five "days, had told upon me mors disastrously than I had been aware perhaps, and now had come the reaction* "111 get out of chis into the air," I decided, '"and see if I am not all right then, or -if .the noises still ring in my ears. If they do, there'll be nothing for me to believe but that-my brain is unbalanced. I had thought I was stronger in mind and body; vet 1 suppose a. man. never knows himself. Burelv we all suffered far worse hardships that "time in India," I assured myself, w \vflien I for one never turned a hair, so it <san't have been this short spell of starvation and tlie two or three nights out <k doors in the rain that have brought me tp such a pass. If I am going mad. I've gat to look deeper than that for the cause. Turn a matt into a pariah, and you turn him into a maniac as well, it may be; but anyhow, I'll give myself another chance." 1 took up the bag, which I had packed and locked, and made for the door. I longed to feel the fresh, cold air on my face, and to touch shoulders with men, even though thev were strangers jostling me in the street, who did not know of the disgrace which stained me. I wondered whether had I really been guilty of the shame that should ha-ve been Lord Tessifet's, I should have felt-as I felt now; and if (he too-suffered, knowing -that he iwrirefcood by, watching me bear 3 for his daughters ®ke I could still think latkmaBy, I reflected, with a rising spark of hope. Surely this one last blow was not to feH-upoo. me—1 was not to lose my reason! ,, _ I had reached the. door, and m-another second I should have been out of the room, never to return. But as myfoot touched the threshold there came from within a moan louder, more human in its tone than the eerie, faltering whispers before. For tlw first time, the voice did not seem to floa.. indefinitely in the air, but tohaxea. local habitation. In spite of myself, I stopped, and, shutting the door, went back into the room. „ , , j There was no-question of ghosts now. ana I had got the assurance of my sanity again. The moan had actually been uttered, ana bv tbe lips of a human being. 'The sound came from tbe bos L -naa brought with me. (To be continued to-morrow.) # 