THE lINithb' VOlE. The vote of the Wallsend miners on Friday dnight in favour of the accept ance of the colliery proprietors' propo sals practically remnoves any danger that might have existed of an interrup tion in our principal industry. The miners of that lodge had certainly ia good right to pronounce the opinion that they definitely formulated by vote, inasmuch as they are directly interested in the subject to an extent greater thanl are the miners of any other colliery in the district. Of the large fleet of vessels in lharbour a( con siderable number have been charteried to carry fuel from the colliery of the Newcastle-Wallsend Company, and a strike would most assuredly have laiid the mine idle for weeks or even months after the formal conclusion of the'struggle.. Even if by any chance the voting by lodges had shown a majority in favour of a strike, the fur ther necessary ballot of all the mem bers under the working of what may be termed the statutory majority, would, we believe, have resulted in favour of a contixtuance of working. The result has been. received with satisfaction and relief, not only in the district, but in. every quarter having business rehitions with this port. We do not desire to i-lise the ghosts of the past, but it is undoubtedly true thait the two last general strikes inflicted enormous harms on this community. It is unnecessary here to aplportion blame with regard to these. To a large ex tent the damage inflicted by them has beein overcome, and .a chance is pre sented to the district of recovering a large portion of the trade which once was ours. Doubtless, a very large proportion of the local coal is being sent away at a price low as compared with that obtaining 'in British and Continental ports.. But it has to be sent to distant markets, and freights are rising rather than failling. More over, there is a reasonable prospect that contracts anil other engagements which were entered into when the pro spect of a sharp rise in. coal every where appeared remote will soon ex pire by effluxion of time. . If the lodges had decided on a. stoppage, the strike would probably have lasted: to the end of the year. And the New Year would have been begun without that considerable rise both in selling price and hewing rate which both. col liery proprietors and miners expect and calculate upon for 1901. It is hoped that the lessons of the great ad vance in the British coal market will not be lost upon, our local colliery proprietors, and that more care will be taken in the near future not to abso lutely bind themselves hand and foot by low-priced contracts for long periods. The miners will have a clear advance of 2d per ton at once. A condition has been attached to that, and it is not strange that the miners would prefer to have the offer an nnconditional one. But as an apparent majority of the miners themselves-who have most to win or lose in making a decision there on-have decided to hccept an intme diate advantage instead of striking for a prospective one, their decision should undoubtedly be treated with respect. We hope that the state of the coal trade will be such at the end of the year as to warrant the colliery pro prietors in waivingithe condition and paying the men a'hewing rate on the announced basis of. a selling price of 10s per ton, and that without reference to the working arrangements of 1900. Certainly the willingness of the miners to go on working on the offered ad vance-even thougl( it be at present conditional-will hlae a strong tend ency to consolidatrng our local trade, and showing that our source of sup ply can be depeided 'on in aany calcula tions that may be made regarding the world's coal trade. { Criticisms have bden expressed, at several of the miners' meetings, of the statement made that the last meeting of the colliery proprietors with Sir William Lyne: was not representative. If it were bonvenient' to enter upon an argument on that Sub;ecr the actual nature of that' meeting .might be de monstrated. But, in the face of the willingness of: the -najority of the miners to accept a'ptaceful solution of the difficulty;'it::sioild be unprofit able to further test ore link in the train of negotiations. If, the miners are desirous "of conserving their in terests and -working, anicably in con junction -'ith .their employers, it would-be in the highes 'degree repre hensible to do anythin; which would interfere 'with so desirable a consum mation. And especialy would it be so when that agrcemnet is directly or indirectly beneficial to every member of this community. Doubtless, Mr. W. Bower, the miners' district' chair man, and Mi-. JTames (brley, the gene ral secretary, will be eciticised in some quarters because'they:;ee it their duty to counsel thenacceptmce of'the' pro prietors' proposals. Iut, we may ask, how much greater ant harsher would be the criticism of thess oflicials f they counselled the lodges to hasty action, and to a repetition of -ie policy. which on former' occasions' reacted so dis astrously on the -geaeral body of miners and on this c.mmunity gene rally ? At such timei ans the present there are really only two, courses open -strike or no strike - a. "Yes-No " policy on the part of; prominent offi cials is practically to 'cquiesce in or be indifferent to the di claration of a general stoppage of vork. Officials who occupy responsibb positions are looked to for sound nivice at critical times. In the event ao a struggle, on them will fall the responsibility and stupendous work of fiiniecing it, and, 'in the event of its nm-success, of arranging the terms o: the cessation of the industrial war. Whatever may be the future 6f the coil trade, it is satisfactory to know thlit the demand made on the resources o' this port will be met till the end of.the year, and that the mi'ine-workers vill reap imme diate benefit by perforning their im portant part in the chief industry of the largest centre of daal supply in the 'southern hemispherm. 