AN AUSTRALIAN ACTOR THE LATE H.N. DOUGLAS, COMEDIAN. A SON OF T1IE SOIL. (By Lancelot B.) "Mercutlo's soul is but a little way above our heads." —"Romeo and Juliet," Shakspero. WENTY-EIGHT years k w ago, in the Princess's ||Jfl Theatre, Dunedln, NY/.., TlgBf "Romeo and Juliet" was — jfc8— ' staged with a strong cast by the late Wll- jfStai Ham Hoskins's com- ding pany. It was a rcmirk- niwJ ab, ca8l» ln 000 l)nrlt" cuiar, Inasmuch as tho even then old Sadler's Wells veteran contented himself with tho small part of the Apothecary. It was a whim on the part of Mr. Hosklna, who said to us, "I'll show you young actors how tho Apothecary should be played,"' The writer en acted Mcrcutlo; J. B. Steele, Tybalt; the late Mo- rcuce Colvllle, Juliet; and the Romeo was, alas, the lato Henry Nathaniel Douglas— "Nat," as he was always styled by his brother professionals. The announcement of his death in the "Evening News" a few days. ago camo as a painful sur prise to tho writer, who first met him m Dunedln, N.Z. (where, it appears, bis death took place), only a week prior to the performance above referred to. He had arrived from Sydney to join the company; Hoskins called mo to his dressing-room and intro duced us to each other. . How well 1 remember his words. "Two young gentlemen," ho said, "who only have to know to like each other." And U so fell out, for we were '.friends through all the ensuing years to thejast, when ( saw hlra away a few months back on the steamer bound for Tas mania and New Zealand. Ho bad mado several trips to and fro of lato years, and I remarked, "Well/ Nat, you can't keep away from the land of the Maori. I should like to revisit It myself." He was ln a melancholy mood, and he said: "Ah! But somehow I feci that this trip won't turn out. well. I have & presentiment that it will not be a good one for mo." He was In good health then, but his forebodings have been sadly verified, and he has made his last trip. "Nat" Douglas was essentially "An Australian Actor," for he was born ln Sydney in 1846, if 1 mlstako not, for- ho said he was my junior by about a twelvemonth. 1 cannot call to mind now tho occupation ho adopted (though he has told me), but whatever It was he did not follow it long, for in 1665 or there abouts . he took to the stngo as a- profession. From the first, be rapidly advanced to the front, and was undoubtedly, when at his best, tho premier juvenile actor in Australia. 1 have seen letters which he had In his possession from such great artists as Charles Kean, Charles Mathews, ..and others, paying high tribute to hie talent. Ho sur- passed, all others as - a lover. With a rich, melodious voice, he threw a world of feeling and passion into' his lines. Some Idea of hlB power in this respect may be formed by the fact that \vc played "The Lady of Lyons" for three weeks, so flng was his rendering of Claude Mclnotto. Flo-' rence Colvllle was the ' Pauline; Mr. Hoskins, Colonel Damns; J. P.. Hydes, Glavls; the wrlt.r, Bpaueeant; and Mies Flora Anqtesd, Mme. Descha- ?pelles. ' rw\ I contend that It was. a. record performance. We considered It marvellous tcr a piece that is never put up save for' one or two nights to run three weeks. The people had seen "stars" In the part, scores of , tiroes, and would not stand It foi more than a couple of nights; but "Nat" enthralled them. The feminine community were in rap- tures, and we- — well, we liked the respite from study, and applauded our comrade's success. And yet, "Nat," in appearance, was not the beau Ideal of the poet's creation; but he "made up" wonder fully well, and, as has been saldi his. fine voice, exqulslto pathos, and clear enunciation, carried all before him. I am Inclined to think lie was a little spoiled by his success in "The. Gardener's Son," for he tried to improve upon his Impersona tion with deleterious effcct;and old man Hoskins withdrew the play, remarking that '.'Nat" would get stale otherwise. The public arc curious T«n their tastes— almost ccceutric at times in their tikes and dislikes, and fickle, too. There was a parallel case here in Sydney when In 1876-7 Mr. Dampler crooted a furore as Hamlet, In tho ' "Old Vic." 1 People raved about It, and for seve ral months we played "Hamlet" every Fr day night. The late J. J. Bartlett enacted the Ghost on two or three occasions— Bartlett, the brllllnnt' light comedian, with whose name old playgoers MouvmiB iuu uunicsicti Election," nnn a long list of sparkling comedies. Nearly all the "lovers" fell to "Nat's" shore for a time, and though there was much similarity (as there always Is ln "spooney" parts) be rande dis tinct realisms of Armand Duval ("Carallle") Pygmalion, and Prlncq Phllatnlr ln "The Pa lace of Truth." Again he was a proper Joseph Surface, Imparting to the character quite natur ally the unctuous oillncss ot'tbe hypocrite. He was also a demonstrative, malignant Jacob M'Closky ("Octoroon"), a capital O'Calloghan In "His Lost Legs," and made the most out of any new unpromising part. Enough has been said lo demonstrate that he was a highly talented art'st, one who, wbllo excelling In some particular roles, could with much faithfulness of portraiture de pict humanity in all Its phases, and this I take It is tho true test of the worth of an actor. "Nat" Douglas, like-others, :fe!t the influence of the influx of English actors, with the constant re lays of complete companies and fresh faces. Tho public hanker for a time after their old favorites, mayhap' speak -kindly of. them, -and compaBS'onalo them If ill supplied witji this world's comforts, but tho new generation CQraes pushing on, and new forms of pleasurable entertainment must bo de vised. The public of to-daytmust bo catered for. They are greedy for novelty to an extent that the -public of thlrtyfcycars ago never dreamt of. But. this is now a rushing time, when, one wonder suc ceeds another with startling rapidity, from tele phones to cincmatpgraphes, from wireless, tele graphy to the next great iparvol. And so on in this , high pressure age' actors . coine and go-go and are forgotteni for who can remember the old faces in the delight. of.gazlng at the now, who In turnrsoon become like (heir predecessors fh the panorama of life. "Nat" Douglas of lato ycars had not the rosy time he knew of yore— salaries came down,- engage ments were not so easily obtained, when obtained were perhaps only for . the run of a piece; and so he came to find a place in'mlnor companies do ing the provinces and suburbs,' with occasionally a spell In tho city. But through it all he was ever consistent, he never slqmmed a part, he al ways did his best, and Mb talent was liberally ac knowledged by all who witnessed bis Impersona tions, Some -people never Bccm to bo growing older, and "Naf'-Bouglas was one of those perpe tual youth embodiments. 1 saw little difference In him, except perhaps less sprlghtllness of man ner with the graver mien that perforce accom panies age. Few men can . . . piny tho fool with mirth and laughter Let old wrinkles come— till they are in .the "lean and slippered" stage; the gravity of age Will check the most thoughtless buffoon. j . "Nat" Douglas, retained his power of study to the last, and had tho late unhappy Mr. Dacr© been In possesion of such a capacity for quickly becom ing master of a long part, who knows but be and his wife might have been alive to- day! it wHI be remembered thnt'Mr. Dacre was worried over a long pftrt in "Tho Slleaco of Dean MaUlaad," nnd It won thought that that had much to do with the awful tragedy of tho dual death. For somo years I havo uot seen the name of Pocey Malnworlog on a play bill. She was the wlfo of the lato H. N. Douglas, and I Infer that sho has long retired from the stage. "Nat" Douglas In private life was a remnrkably rrsorved nnd quiet man, enjoying a Joko at times, but quickly lapsing into his normal retiring man ner. Ho gave me tbe impression nt times that ho wns Always running over somo part in his mind to him self— ho was seldom without one or two In' his pocket, poor soul— for he had little rest from study. If hts clrcio of friends wns limited, I have never heard anyone outside of it speak an ill word of him, and all muni feel a passing sor row on learning that "Nnt" Douglas has passed away, adding one more of the old time fnvorltos of the Australian stage to tho list of travellers to the bohruo from which there Is no reluru The Late H. N. Douglas. 