/hnM WITHOUT A HOME. BY Mns. BAERn. -4*.H-- CHAPTER VI. A REACTION. " She keeps so still that I feel bad about her," said Landlord White to his wife the next morn ing after Amy had been imprisoned in the shed. "Just go and take a peep at her to seeethat she isn't al together dead." " Oh, you big baby I I belikve you're afraid that she is dead," an swered the woman. "But to please you I'll peep in on her." How busy Dave was just then, cramming down his food as if he never expected to see another break-. S.? .st, not daring to look up leesblli?? face should betray him. '" Why, the door is unlocked, and the girl gone i" said the woman, in surprise. "Gone?" cried Dave and the landlord in a breath, springing to their feet at the same time, and rushing to the shed. - "Yes, she's gone,'" repeated Mrs. White, a look of baffled rageo coming over her face," and sonie one helped her, too. Was it you 1" she asked, turning sharply on the boy. '! Me ? Mother White, who do you take me for 1 After your warning last night, it is hardly likely that I would interfere again. Besides, you looked the .door, and I hain't no keys of yours, have I 1" " Not that I know of," she re plied, in a softer tone, completely deceived by his msineer and look of innocence. "I guess that the spirits, which the people are talking so much about, helped her to get away," he said, after a few moments of anxi ous deliberation. "Get out of this, you young rase cal, with your stories of hobgoblins and spirits. Who says there are ghosts in this house ?l' asked the woman, every nerve in her body shaking with superstitious dread. A new idea flashed into Dave's brain. "I say so. I see a ghost every night walking in the lobg passage near your room, mooning and wringing her hands: I have stood and watched her, and I know it is Amy's mother, for she keeps talking about her child." The boy did not stop to consider that ghosts are not usually invested with colloquial powers, at least not since the days of Hamlet, and his listeners took no note of it, for they stood, with distended eyes, drink ing in every word, as the boy en larged on the appearance of the un earthly apparition, with the tradi tional white gown floating about her, "' And if the girl should be dead -drowned herself, for instance not a soul in this house '11 be able to sleep for the moeaning-- But Dave didn't finish thi son tence, for his mistress made a plunge at him, which he dextrously avoided, and fled from the kitchen, taking refuge in the stable, and gave ex pression to some of the boisterous mirth that was convulsing himi with laughter, Two hours after the lad re-entered the inn, bearing in his hand a soaked shoo, such as Amy had worn the evening before, and held it up to the mistress. "It is hers, and I found it swim min' on the meadow spring. 'Tho water looked so black and mad- like that I almost turned sick." The conviction seemed to come on her by degrees that she had driven the girl to commit suicide, but when it settled itself into truth, every vestige of colour left her faice, and she fled from the room. Upstairs her hulband found her, and at once suggested that the spring be dragged for the body. "No, no," she cried, in alarm. "Would you have me known as thle one who drove hler to it Just you say a word about it, and I'll make ' The Seven Stars' too warm to hold you." * "But Dave will tell it if I don't," persisted the man. "Leave that to me," she replied, "' If lhe breathes a whlisper to any one, he'll not got the- clhance to drown himself." So it was arranged that tile body should remiain where it was for the time. -Word was sent to Jones' that Amy hlad run away from the hotel, and totally indilforeont to hler fate, thley made no inquiries about lher. 'The days floated by, the days ran into weleks, a month had passed, and secure in the fearnful silence that shrouded the terrible tragedy, the inmcates of the tavorn settled down to the old lifo. To be sureu, thle womn often. started guiltily, and tuic·sod whlito at eovery eunwonted souned. Iow- over, this fear was growing less, and some of tihe old lsplerity was com ing baclk to lher face, wleen, stand ing in the door-way one enorlding, sheo saw a sighlt tlhat emade her heart cease bclttitg for a momentet, At one ghlanco she recogsised the visitors, and rushled up to her room as the couple drew their horses up at th?e door. Peeping threough the blinds to lind omit if.theoy had really stopped, aeho saw the contlemtan:lift the girl from the saddle, and she exclaimed: "It is herl It is Edith Mere dith 1" CHAPTER VII. UNPLEASANT QUESTIONS. "The lady is asking for me, did you say, Dave ? Just tell her that I'll be down in a moment. Why are you standing there, staring at me like a fool 1'' "'Cause you look mighty like a ghost," was the imprudent reply of the boy, as lie gazed at the white face of the woman he had come to summon. A look of rage flashed into her eyes, and coming closer to the lad, she caught him roughly by the neck. " Don'tyou say a word about. that girl if they ask you, or I'll choke you, just so l!" and her finiio,'S Ho inado an effort to disengage himself, as a ray ofintelligiice siot into his eyes. HIo knew now why the woman Idoked so pale and shook like a leaf, for he had seen the beautiful girl down stairs be fore, and like a flash, it came to himi that she was the one that Amy had told him about. "Let go my neck, and I'll pro mise you anything," lie said. "Andu keep it, too ?" ''Yes, indeed. Trust me to keep my word. Dave Rloberts never forgets a promise." The fingers relaxed their hold, and, breathing more freely, tile boy departed to report that tlhe mistress would be along as soon as possible. .W'hen lie was gone, Mrs. White took.down the dress that she had worn to Amy's aunt's, more than six weeks before, and hastily made hier toilet, smoothing her hair as she looked about for the glasses which she wore before strangers, because it looked more respectable, she thought. . eNot finding them, she nmechiaic ally thrust her hand into her pocket and pulled out-not the glasses but the money that Amy had been accused of stealing. This did not serve to calm. ler troubled minid, but putting on tli best face pos sible, sheo weut down, smiling and bowing to the lady and gentlemian with an obsequiousness that nearly upset Edith's gravity. Oscar at once broached the sub ject. " y sister tells me that sho, on a formor occasion, met a young .girl here. Can.wo see her?-- .. " To be sure you could, if the dear child was hero; but a terrible ncci dent has happened since your sister saw her. The creek was very high, and just as the poor girl was cross ing it she fell in, and that's tle last that has ever been heard of her." " It is very strange that we heard nothing of this, and li\ving not more than cight miles fiom here," replied the gentleman, suspiciously. " Was tho-body never found ?" asked Edith, with a face as pale as a pond lily. " Bless your heart, the water ,was too high for anything of that kind. Couldn't begin to drag the stream with that flood rushling -along." " What was her name 1" asked Oscar, abruptly. " Amy Jones. Now I come to think of it, your sister married a Jones, didn't sle o" " My sister's marriage has nothing to do with, the subject, madam. Please confine yourself to it in your remarks," was the haughty reply. Edith, I can see no use in our re maining here any longer." " Nor I. Oil, Oscar, who could have dreamed of our mission ending in this way ?" and the tear's sprang to her eyes. He bent his lhed, and whispered: "Be calm, Edith. Don't parade your sorrow before these people, or our secret will be theirs." Shel hastily dried up her tears, and passed out, leaning on her brother's arm, bravely keeping back the griefthat was swelling lir bosom. Thle horses were waiting, held by Cthe landlord; and lifting his sister into the saddle, Oscar tossed the man a crown for his trouble, and they galloped away. Miss Mere dith was a good rider, but it re quired all her skill to keep hier seat, aus, turning a siuddeln boUd in the road, her horse jgave a quick plunge, and shied to the other side of tihe turnpike. " What do you mean 1" asked the gentleman sharply of a boy, who had jumped over the feuco aiil scared the animal. " I meanc to be here just now," was the sullen reply. " That's a nice way to talk to a persoin when lie wants to be of use to you. Oh, golly I didn't that .old womam lie like the dickens 1" "Do you know anything of the girl, Amy Jones 1" asked UOcar, a dim perception dawning on his minid that lie should get at the truth from the boy. " Moro'n she'd like me to toll"-. pointing in the direction of the houso, and shaking his list in a vin dictive mannier-" for aho said sho'd choke mo to death it' I opoued my mnolth."'' "Go on; go onl," cried Oscar and Edith at onceo. " Well, I will, if you'll give mo a little time," replied Dave, pulling and blowing. "It took mighty fast runninl to got hero before you, and I'm almost out of breath. About two weeks after you folks drove away iu such high glee, Mother Whlito came into the kitchen and told Amy that she had robbed her. The girl turned like a ghost, and almost swore that she hadn't seen the money, but the woman shut her up in the wood-shed, saying that she should stay there till she con fessed." I tried to keep her out, but the old one pitched me to the other side of the kitchen, and throew the poor thing in more dead than alive. I was cunning enough for her, though, and after they were all asleep I stole down andntook Amy out to the pump, washed her face till she came to, and gave her all the money I had to take her to New York. Mother Whitpyreally believes that she is drowned, for I brought in a shoe next morning, letting on ?t!i J}:"ound '.it;ini tlie: watoer. 1 "Did Amy know any one in New York ?" asked the gentleman. "An old woman that used to keep house for her father. She thought that she could find her," " Great HIeaven " cried Oscar, growing pale in an instant. "Just think of that child, alone in the great city, without home, friends, or money, hunting for a person, who may have moved a dosen times since she knew her. Edith, she had thfr better bo lying beneath the cold waives, I fear." "You don't think silo has come to harnm, do you 1" asked the lad. " It is impossible to think other wise, But you ineant "well, and your secret shall be kept, for the timo at least." "You'll try to find her, may be 1" said Dave, doubtfully. " shall leave no means untried to do so. Cau I aid you in any way ?" asked Oscar. "If you can help me to a situa tion, where I could find time to pick up a little learning from books now and thon, I'd be mighty much obliged to you." " Do you want an education?" asked the gentleman, looking at him in some surprise. " More than anything on earth," answered Dave, with an eagerness that almost transfigured his homely, freckled fcee into a handsome one. "I promiied my mothor on her dy ing bed to learn all I could-to study hard if I got the chance." " I'll remember your kindness to Amy," was the gentleman's brief reply. - Good byo."' CHAPTER VIII. A LON E. rle feeling of loneliness that came over Amy, when she fully realized that slhe was lost ini the great city, ballies description; and sinking down on a step, weary and hungry, the girl began to cry. The beauti ful tfith in a divine power, which had boon instilled into her mind fiom early infancy, seemed to recede from her. Presently a man's foot steps sounded oil the pavement of the lonely street near her, and she jumped to her feet with a cry of alarm. The stranger came close enough to speak. " Don't be alarmed," he said, " I'll not hurtyou, What are you doing out so late 1" His tone and kindly manner re assured her, and going toward him, she exclaimed : "Oh, dear, kind sir, I am lost. Please, will you put me into Thirty-second street ? I have just arrived hero, and must look for my friends." The pale banams fromn a neighbor ing gas-lamp full on her face, and its exquisite beauty struck the man at onceu. Turning to the light ho took out his watch. " A beautiful girl lostin this great city at two o'clock in the imorning I Who'll be the wiser if she's never hcard from at homen ?" lie thought. "' llave you any friends 1" he asked, aloud. "None except the one I am look ing for," was the imprudent reply. " 1 am an orphlan,'" A gleam of triumph shot into the man's eyes. "Suppose you go home witll ml to-night, and find yo\lr friends in tile morning," he said, in ani inlsinuating tone. " You are very, very kind to mo. PIapl always told me .that God would answor prayer, and I was praying when you canmeo along. I iam sineo Ho seont you to help me," she added, eagerly, ashamed of the weak doubts that had arisen in her hour of peril. The gentleman-ho, was well dressed, and called himself one smothered an exclamation of dis gust before it loft his lils,and draw ing lier hanld through his arm, hurried lier along at a rapid pace. After liftooee minutes offast walk ing, lie paused before a Ihandsome house, took out ma latch-key, un locked tlle door, and ushered his strange gueslt into Ilis home. She entered without a doubt of honour of thei manu, felt no misgivings for the fuiture, and laid liher head on the soft pillow, when sihe was shown to her room, with a prayer of thanks i on her lips to thei Fathelr, who had been so mindfiil of her. (To be Continued.j 