SHORT STORY"- THE SURBEE AT MAHON'S. Fbw people, I think, oan over havo been impressed by tho liveliness of littlo Killy- rnoon, . sot in its nook among tho lonoeomo mountain and moorland, its one humble street joining tbo nuoloua of a sparse cabin sprinkling, whioh straws whito floohs on tho far-swooping groon folds, hardly plonlior than boitotouoa on a grass plot half a sunny hour after a J uly thunder-storm. Yet to Bridge Boron, tho girl who had lotoly taken sorvioo with tho Oaseys up at tlio Quarry Farm, it Doomed a contra of fashion and gnioty, being, indeed, tho most oonsiderablo plaoo Bho had soon in nil her sovontoon years. For thoy had boon spont up at Loughdrumeak, a hnmlot fully ton milos decpor among tho wildost town-lands, with only a rough oort traok, threading a blaok bog, and climbing ouatoss shaggy slopes, and dropping over a purplo moantain shouldor, to oonnoot it with Mlllymeon. Sho had loit bohind thoro, throo months ago, horfoeblo old grandfather and alort old grandmother, in a tiny, high-porohad oabin, whioh.felt a world too wide for its other in- dwollcrs, when this third of thoir lives had gono. And sinoe then there had boon muoh travelling of thoughts to and fro botwoon it and tho Cays', prim, whitewashed farm house at tho foot of Slieve Glasarna. At first Bridget had made tho jonrney as oon- suintiy us ner granamotnor ; but one was young and busy, and in a new plaoe, and as the .weeks wont on eho beoamo mora pre- ooenpiod with what lay immediately before her. The Surreo at Mahon's, flxod for a day in | Christmas week, was tho most oxolting of | the fresh prospeots that unfoldod themselves, and was looked forward to with muoh : pleased interest by Killymeon at largo. There had beon no sorroes in tho neigh bourhood during a long spelt of bad times ; but this year mattura wore looking brighter, and old Barney Mahon, who had a thrifty turn nud a commodious kitohon, was encouragod to mako a venture whioh pro misod fair profits at a email riak. For a snree — whioh has, with quaint effeot, bor rowed its name from poiito Fronoh— is a sort of subscription danoa, littlo more olaborate in its arrangements 'than aro tho haloys, or aonverseziones, that beguile so many wintry hours iu Donegal homos when all the dark out-of-doors hurtles and plashes with wind and rain, and the neighbours drift into thoir places round some appointed hearth as promisonously as a wreath of dry leavos swept, rustling, togother by an asrial oddy. At a ourreo oaoh couple pay a shil- ling, but no refreshment is expeotod save frugally-dispensed tea ; and the fiddlor is content to scrape for a modest foe and ilia ohancoa of small ooins from the danoors. Bark Hagh MoEvoy, being Barney's oonsin, was willing to supply the musio for tbis oooasion on spooially easy terms ; and, in Bhort, eironmstanoes oonspirod to mako it seem desirable that Barnoy should meet tho often expressed wishes of his younger frionds by announcing the first suroe of the season; It would bo Bridget's first taste of any formal dieaipation, and Boss Oasoy, her master's nieoe, and KateBuify, his plough man's daughter, who lived in the yard, set her expectation on tiptoe extremely by their aooounts of like entertainments. Kato and she wero to go together, as it is the custom to attend surroesin oouples. Those often aro formed of a oolleen with tho boy who is 'spaking' ' to hor, but often also a brother and siBtor make a pair, or any other two friends. Boss Oasoy was to marry Fetor O'Donoghao at Shrovotido, so she would, of ooorse, go with him— a faot of whiob she made a little pacado to Bridget, who felt, howovor, porfeotly oontont with Kate's esoort. A sweethoart of her own would have soemod, indeed, an alarming pcasoaeion: Her mistress had advanced her a shilling out of her quarter's wages— a whole pound— aud she had expended the eixpenoo left, after scouring her admission to tho sarree, upon a splendid red glass broooh, whioh mada her think her equipment very oomplete. But juBt when everything seemed gliding most smoothly towards the delightful goal, an obstacle oropped np and threatened to overthrow all her plans with one disastrous jolt. On a oertain froat-apangled morning the postman bronght to Bridget a lotter whoso contents agrood with her wishes as ill as a dash of vinegar wonld have done with the thick oroam whioh sho waa ohurn ing when the mail arrived. Her grand mother wrote to say that ' sho thought bad oi Biddy to be trampin' the long way her lone from Killymeon to thoir plaoo, and that old Blily Molloy was slippin over wid his pony and a gatherin' of eggs to tho Maga- moro on next Thursday morning, and ud give her a lift if sho'd start along wid him I when he wonld be goin' baok. So Biddy I hod a right to ax lavo of her mistress, and I oomo homo wid ould Bill, who'd turn a bit out of his way to piok her up ; and roal glad they'd bo to sot eyes on her again.' For Mrs Casey had promised Biddy her I ohoioe of three days in Christmas week to I spend at home, dairy work boing alaok. Bridget had looked forward to the holiday I with a glow of pleasure, and meant to take it on tho Friday, whioh would bo Christmas Eve, and the day after tho surroe. But hor grandmother's injurotion was not uompatiblo with this arrangement. ' Sure, I'd miss all the fuu aud ovorythin' if I took oil aud went wid ould Bill. I wish ho and his baste of an ugly skewbald 'ud keep themselves out of bother' when they aren't wanted,' she Baid, half-orying, to her friends Bose and Kate, as sho showed them the letter in tho kitohen. 1 Musha, good gracious 1' said Rose. 'You wouldn't over think ot going F Just bid the ould man step along wid himself, and say you'll oomo on Friday.' ' Bat me grandmother 'd be ralo VBxed if I done that, and he after going oat of hie road to oall for me,' said Bridget, doubt fully. 'Well, then,' said Kate, 'you might write and tell her not to send him; This is on'y Tuesday ; there's plenty of time; and I've a stamp in me box this long while you're weioome to. 'Ay, to be sore,' said Bose ; a ' and say I ma aunt oan't spare you oonvanieut afore I Friday.' I ' But,' Baid Bridget, looking disoonoerted, I ' I'm after sending her word be Judy Flynn | that I'd got lave to oomeany day at all this | ' Oh, botheration to it 1' said Rose. I ' Then say you're too bad wid a oould, and I couldn't be thravelling that far. Bedad, I I heard you ooughiug this morning fit to fall I in pieoes like a hoad of the withordy I geranium there. Morobetoken the rod ono I in the windy oornor's dhropping itself into I the pan of bnttermilk whoio you've sot it, | you'd better be movin' it out of that.' 1 ' I have a hoavy oould on mo, euro I enough,' said Bridget, oonghing to oonvinoj I herself ; but her disoonoortod expression I remained, and sho fidgoted about uneasily. I ' For the matter of writing' — sho said — I ' you see the tiino I was getting mosahoolin' I did be mostly minding the sheep— und I oan make some sort of an oifor at tho read ing, if it's wrote pretty big— but writing oneself is quaes nigglety work.' ' Meroy on us, girl aUvo, if that's all ails j you, I'll write a letter for you oioseif iu a rniuuit and a half,' said Hose, with aiaority. ' Bedad will I. Sure, I've wrote to Peter times and again, whon ho woe stopping away at Manchester. So don't bother your, hoad about it ; lavo tho regulation of it all to mo. I've plinty of paper misolf, and Kate 'ill give her stamp.' Bridget agrood to this plari, thongn not I without some qualms of oonsoieuoo, whioh I made her refrain guiltily from inquiring I about the dotails of its exooution, thereby I giving Bose a free hand, of whioh she availed herself without muoh soraplo. Sho had an imaginative turn of mind, and a tasto for fiotion, so hor story grow uudor hor soratohing poc, until in tho und ubo pro duced a letter purporting to oomo not from Bridget, bat from liorselfj and dosoribing Bridget's indisposition as not a sitnplo oold, but an attuok of plussory-nowmonoy. This formidable oompluiut would hinder hor from roturniug with Bill Molloy. ' Bat she'll oomo,' wrote Reso, ' as soon as ever she's able. And that won't be aforo Friday, anyway, if sho ovors it at all.' Tho last olanBO atrnok hor as giving au effaotive oomplotonoss to tho composition, and Bho rood it over with a oomplaoonoy whioh did not taka into aooount how it might ba spoiled out iu tho bleak little hllleido onblu oil away at Loughdrumeak. Tho ovening of tho surroe arrived in dno oourso, aud with- it a flutter of snow, swirling on rough and unruly blasts. Silvor- whito threads and stitohes had boguu to embroider the purplo folds of SHove Glasarna boforo tho mists desoondod muff ling and Marring ; and tho paths orunohed crisply nudor broguos, and made oold olntohos at baro feet by the time that tho neighbours wero approaohing Barnoy Mahon's door. They remarked to ono anothor that it was hardy weather, and added that thoy wore apt to havo it sovore, whioh is soma dogrcoB worse than hardy. Few people, however, had boon dauutod into staying at bomo, aud thoro was muoh shaking of powdor flakes out of shawl-folds aud oif rough aoat-sleeves at tho entranoo to Barnoy a dustily- fllokoring room. Whon Rose and Kot« and Bridget got tbore, wliioh they did as . jon us over thoy oould finish 1 reading up' after toa, most of tho oompany had assembled, anddanoing was about to begin. Boso's temper was somewhat ruffled beoauBO Potior O'Bonoghno had not kept his promiso of coming to ouoort i hor. Bat his sistors now hastenod to explain how he had boon delayed by the sadden illness of thoir oalf. ' Howaneer, the baste was ooming ronnd finely when they left,' thoy roported, and Peter would be after them in no time. Bo his fiances was appeasod, aud oontentod horself provision ally with Larry Bulltvan for a partner. 1 Faix, now, it's only an odd torn the rest of .us boys gets wid you these timos,' ho said to her gallantly, as the fiddler struek up. Ne'er a ohanoe we havo at all, unless when tho look keeps him that's luokior away.' Bo not suppose that tho surree danoed jigs. Later oa in the ovening a oouple might stand up and perform one while the others were reoovering thoir breath ; bat at tho ontsot it was a vigorous round danoe that began to gyrato with a step whioh, thongh perhaps not reoognised in any academy, kept time to Hugh's mueio with muoh aoouraoy, and made light of tho diffloolties opposed by an nnovon mud floor. Tho orookory on the drosser jingled morrily to, the rhythmioal beat of thair foot, and oaoh pair of bobbing boads that passed in front of it might be seen to make an abrupt dip down and up again. This was oansed by an unusually doop hollow whioh osonrred in that part of the floor, and Barney MahoD, looking on with the elders from tUoir oirole round tho hearth, observed it, and said, 1 Begob, I mast seo to having that houle filled ap before next time, or else somebody 'ill be tripping up in it, und gotting a quare toss.' The other speotators sat well oontent with thoir share of tho entertainment. Pon- gently-pnfflng onttie pipes solaoed the men, and the women kept thoir hnitting noodles twinkling ; in faot, they would almost as soon have loft off breathing by way o! vest and rolaxation. For farther amusoment thoy had the affairs of the oountry-sido to discuss, enlivened with an oooosional aneodote or riddle Ban Goligher had just propounded one of the latter, whioh suooese- fnlly pnzzled everybody who had not hoard it before— 1 A brown loagh i "Wid a white etand, | Sorra the ship oould sail ronnd it, I But I oould hold it in me hand ' ; and ho was triumphantly explaining, ' Bare, a oup of tay,' when two poople oame bolting in at tho door, whioh they forthwith begun to soonre behind thorn, as eagerly as if thoy were shutting out soma deadly peril. They I said nothing, bnt their speeobless hnrry was I more suggestive than words 1 ' Whothen now, Peter O'Bonoghuo and I Ned Kinsolla, what's took you at all to be flonnoing in on the people that a-way P' I said Barney Mahon, somewhat affronted at thoir unceremonious entranoo ond dealings with his fastenings and furniture. 1 That's I a great ould slamming of tho door yon have 1 —and what for wonld ye bo jamming the I benoh again it, unless you're intending the next body that comes through it to be I breaking his shins f' I 'Prnhh T nnW hnnA it mav—anil itd nonlr. too— between us and harm — if it's offering to oomo in on ns — I do so,' said Peter O'Bouoghue, panting. Ho loft hiaoomrade to finish barrioading tho door, and pushed himself furthor into the room, until sevoral groups interposed betwoon him and the dangerous point. ' After as it may be this minyit of tiino,' he said. 'Ooli, bnt that was the quaro fright I got— the saints look down upon us this night.' It's horself below at the ould gate to- night,' said Nad Kinsella, who wae oalmur tban Peter, though evidently inaah alarmsd. 1 Aud morobetoken it's not inside she is this night, bnt sitting orouohed np on the bank be the path And tho grab she made at Peier going by ; indeed, I thought he'd I never get his ooat tail wrenohed out of hor I ould hand.' 1 ' It might as well have been caught in a rat trap tho way she held on,' said Poter. I ' I give yon me word, me hair's standing on 1 end yot, fit to rise me hat off tho roof of me I head, what wid that und tho onneithnral I sorecohes eho let — X wonder yon didn't hoar I thorn hero. And it's my belief she set off I legging after us— goodness preserve usl I only I was afraid of mo life to look ronnd I and see.' I These tidings spraad general oonstornation I among the oompany, as, nnder the oiroum- I stanoes, they well might do. For only a I few hundred yards down the loaning lay an I anoient burying ground, with its ruined a plaoo whoso ghostly reputation had long beon established at Killyineen. In purti- onlur the wraith of a littlo old woman was often to bo Been of an ovening posting. out through the rusty gate bars, and sometimes stroloning forth a fearsome baud to pluok at tho unwary passer-by. But hor appoaranoo out on tho roadsido was a new development, und one whioh inado Peter and Ned's report onploasant hearing for people who wonld presently bo obligod to take that roato homo. Tho dauoo oamo to a standstill, and in its stoad a series of dismal ghost-storios began to oirolo round tbo room. Perhaps tho most gruosomo of them wub Niak Oarolan's. Ho related how ho had onoe lived In a nlnon where there waH in the middlo of tho yard a doop well, out of whioh on oertain moonlit nights a duck figure would omorgo, and go gliding rouud and round it, muking a wider und wider oirouit, | until eho reaohod tho house, at whose door sho rappud loudly ns sho passed by. And whenever that happonod thoro would bo a death in tho family boforo tho twelvemonth was out, as euro us fate. A goneral shudder followed this denouement, and old Mrs. I Linders made a purtioular application of it I by romurking gloomily that it was a poor I oase to have the likes of suoh orathurs about ; I but Mrs Coleman, a ooinely matron, who I ooutiuuod to sit by tho fire unperturbed, I said ptooidly, in a pause, ' Sorra a bit of I harm thoro is in it tbis night, I'ma.thinkin'. I If tho lads seen anythiu', it's apt to ha' I just beon somo poor body after missing hor I way in tho snow.' I ' Troth and bedad, thon it was the quare I body altogether,' Potor asseveratod, 'and I tb hair of the head, as I was ' telling you, bristling straight wid tho dhreai of hor tbo first minyit I oomo nigh tho plaoe.' 1 Ah, euro, somo pooplo's ns ready nt that us u dog at Uiiokinx his oars,' said -fooy Nolan. ' Maybe wo'd u tight to go look iu thoro o'or a one in it. Some orathnr might bo straying about porishiug, and it Bnowing again as thiol: as sheep's wool.' 'Bogor, you won't persuado mo to go fooling along wid you,' said Potor ; 1 1 couldn't bo gotting mo hools out of it fast' onough. May tho saints havo ma suwl, hut I thought I'd loso mo lifo aforo evor I lauded inside — nud horo I'll step. Nobody nood bo axin me, for divil a fat I'll stir.' ' Good peop'.o are sonroo,' J"oo obBorvod, sarouatioally ; but Peter wont on iu a h.-lf- oomplaoont tono . ' Ono white it '11 be aforo I'm tho batter of that frightening I got. Every mortal bit of mo in a thrimblo wid it yot.' ' Musha then, you gaby, oan't yon whisht about it, instead of to bo telling everybody tho sort of ould polthroou you are F' Boso 0»bo y whispered to him fiorooly, ready to ory with mortifioation as bUo saw signifioaut smiles passing rouud at the expense of hor happily anoonsoious betrothed. As she spoke the door resounded with a heavy thump, whioh mado those who wore standing next to it hop baok with a soarooly dignified haste. Somo of thorn tried to carry it off by protending that thoy wore moroly getting out of ono another's way, while some Bhrioked nnfoignedly, and above all ojaoulations roBe Peter O'Donoghue's voioo, shrill with undissomblod terror, saying . 1 Oh, to goodnosB, don't open it for yonr livos. Bun that other form again it, you that are widin raioh. Meroy bo among us, aho's apt to huva as all destroyed.' ' Arrah now, will yon be lotting us in out of that, you jaokasaos( you?' shouted a voioo reassuringly familiar Rnd irate. It was young Larry Sullivan, who had slipped out through tho baok door a few minutoB boforo, and whoBo impatieuoo at boing kept waiting had nothing supernatural about it. Despite Potor's romoustranoos, tho door was thrown open, and disoloeod Lurry standing tnll against a baok- ground of glimmering white, iu a gloom whioh, whon you looked into it anywhoro Bteadily. grow full of waudoring flakes like scattered broadorumba. Beside him appeared a smaller figure, whom ho pulled indoors along with him, before anybody well bad timo for torrifio surmises, and whom tho firelight showed to be a littlo old woman wrapped np in a powdorod.brown shawl. She wbb broathloss and bewildered and forlorn- looking, as Bho poorod ronnd from faoo to faoo, all strange, all oomfortloss — but no ; for tho moment Bridgot Boran set eyes on her she sprang at her and oanght hor in a great hug : ' Why, granny, darlint, andta it yourself ?' sho said. 1 And how at oll did you oomo this night in the Bnow ? It's kilt you aro entirely. You oan't ever ha' oomo wid oald Bill Molloy ?' ' Ah, honoy, I thrumpod it,' said old Mrs Doran. Sara I couldn't rest aisy thinking mo littlo Biddy was took that bod away all hor lone among tho Btrange people. But finely you're looking, glory be to goodnoss. 'Deod, now mo heart's been fit to break fretting ever sinoe I got the letter this morning, saying that belike you wouldn't over it. 1 And I to be dancing ronnd like a zany betwltohed, and you all the whito strooling through the snow,' said Bridget, with aonto remorse. 1 It's sorry I am I let anybody send you suoh owld lios. ' But'— looking indignantly at Boso — ' I only said to say that I had a ooald.' ' And I lost mo way in tho dark,' went on Mrs Doran, plaintively, ' and what at all I'd have done, I dunno, only for the daoint boy coming ; for nonght else tho other two 'ud do bnt let yells at mo, and ruu away like soared turkeys.' ' Creeping along under tho high bank she was, tho orathnr, when I met her,' Larry meanwhile was telling tho others, ' and soaroo able to oontind wid tho blasts of tho win'. And sez sho to me : ' For tho love of God just stop to tell me am I anywheres near the OaBey's house' And sea I to her : ' la tho Qnarry Farm you're wanting ?' and sez Bho to mo, Ay, it's whore mo poor Aatey s uttio aangnrer, unugut, xyuruu io >u sorvioo, and dying wid somo manner of out landish sickness ; it is to hsr i am going, sez she. So sez I to her, If it was Bridget Boran she was wonting, I'd seen the girl three minyits ago, ond no'er a sign of dying on her whatsomever,' and I just brought her along hero. It is perished and stupid the orathnr is wid tho oould; You'd a right to get her a onp of hot tay, and a warm at tho fire, oouoladed Larry, there upon bostirring himaolt to superintend the carrying out of this prescription. And a little later ho prompted his mother to offer Mrs Doran a night's lodgings at their house oloso by, thus entailing upon themselves more hospitality than they had foreseen. For of the Snrreo at Mahon's all's well that ends well oonld not qnite be said, as some oi one guesm weru w jromatnrely when tho assembly was break ing np. To begin with, old Mrs Doran had oaught a vory bad ohill during her snowy wanderings, and now had a sovero illuoss whioh endangered hor lifo, and obliged Bridgot to pay many an anxious and ooneoienoe-strioken hour as a fee for hor deooptive lotter, while a difforonoe whioh sho hod Kioxt morning with Boso Casey about tho unauthorised mondaoity of ita contents Jod to a permanent oooling down of their frioudahip. Moreover, Boso, on the vory same day, spoke in suoh scathing terms to Potor O'Donoghuo with reference in hln nanio on tho nisrht before, that even his impenetrable aolf-satisfootiou waB touohed, and a violont falling out onsued. Tho oonsequonou was that no wedding took plaoo at Shrovotide ; and the last time I sad news from Killymoen ' thoro was no talk of it at all,' so the broaoh may bo con sidered final. In faot, it is commonly sup posed that he has souio notion of transferring iis attentions to Bridget Doran. But I liappen to know that tho only ono among tho boys sho thinks of is Larry Sullivan, whom Bho always remembers gratefully as tho rosouor of her grandmother. Whoroas, If Larry fnnolos auyono, it is Kato Duffy, Wbenoe it appoars that some rather oom- plioated oross-ourronts in the stream of lifo flowing through Killymeon havo started from tnis Snrreo at Mahon's. 