Girly-Girlyisms. [BY ONE OF THE GIRLS.] Tongues are wagging over the Mayor's late complimentary ball. How is it the society crowd can never enjoy themselves in a decent way? If Mrs. Betty Brown appears in a more gorgeous frill than Mrs. Matilda Smith, the Smith household is in sackcloth and ashes for a week. Mrs. Dean Dicky aroused much jealousy by tripping it with his Washup. By the way, much speculation is aroused as to who is the society dame that so cleverly manages the catering at these functions. One high-flown firm seems to have a monopoly and the aforesaid dame a like monopolistic commission. The married women (especially one who figures in Paddington circles) had better haul off, for having letters addressed to the G.P.O. as Miss ——, is a dangerous practice and little pitchers have large ears. The amusement loving crowd have toed the scratch fairly well of late, which for Brisbane is something entirely new. Anything in the artistic line is almost an unknown quantity here and rightly so. Given a prize-fight or a legshow, and one might safely reckon on a big deal in bald-heads or dead-heads. At the Royal, Daisy Chard continues to elicit much applause with her little nigger whistl- ing turn, which is beginning to pall a trifle. What about a new whistle? But still St. John deserves credit for his show. The approaching marriage of a local and popular cricketer to a female (naturally) resident of Bowen Hills is forming food for afternoon tea surmisings. Although the bridegroom in his blushful moments denies the soft impeachment, the wedding is to take place early next month. Two of our best known society damsels figured very prominently and favorably with a spirited gee gee a day or two ago. The one is the Fides and Achates of the other, and a slashing pair, the Block acknowledges. I have often wondered how the perambula- tions of school girls in Brisbane's one street in the afternoons strike the maternal bosom. Where are the parent who permit this indiscriminate rambling, and how are the Gussies to be blamed if things—moral—get a bit mixed? The wives of at least two or three well- known civil servants are Mrs. Grundy's latest victims—and pretty darlings they are. Hubby knocks off at four o'clock and goes home satisfied with himself and all the world. Could the Arctic between the hours of three and four tell a tale, the ghost of Dean would rise and kick itself. The dame who is possibly a replica of Mary Queen of Scots, was at a recent auction sale. Her mane wanted trimming for a start, but when this girl observed her ears she (the latter) fell down and wept. If ears and underclothing (which sounds nicely illiterate or phonetic) were so studiously attended to as the peach-blossom chivvy, what a boom the Turkish baths would experience. Scene : Twelve o'clock, Saturday night, Lennon's hotel. A wild hilarious scrum between the too-ball crowd of visitors. Language, as money appeared to be, was no object, and skin and hair floated serenely on the circumambient atmosphere. And yet the Licensing Commission have elicited the inter- esting fact that women in bars exercise a beneficial influence. Great Scott ! And further, where does the influence on women come in? The lady palmist business in Brisbane is getting just about played out. Biddy Murphy hires an office at 5s a week and starts out as Madame De Jonks or M'mlle L'Estrange, and the credulous push that flock to get rid of their half dollars is beyond the ken of human comprehension. One old josser, who carries on the gay Lothario business out West End way, was looking for gore the other night with a metaphorical double-barrelled gun. A A juvenile bank clerk was the CAUSIS BELLI, and there are likely to be developments. It must be a lovely sensation to be a Governor. I observed his Ex. pedalling down Queen-street a day or two ago and the whole thoroughfare was agog and (??) gape. The show -reminded me of a tame monkey out for an airing, with Jimmy Jones and Willie Smith in dumb amazement. And the wife of a pressman of one of the dailies was one of the principal offenders. The new fashion of the CHATELAINE is going out of vogue, it having been adopted by the DEMI MONDE. "How shocking," re- marked one high society beauty yesterday, "and I thought those women were sensible enough to be exclusive." Some people are never satisfied. A New Farm beauty was breaking her neck after a hoary widower a few months ago and now she has got him she wants to "unload." The burden of married life, even with beer and skittles, but with Father Christmas doesn't fit in with love's young dream. People about town are watching keenly for developments in a most interesting little amour which is going on somewhat openly in Brisbane of late between a well-known society miss, whom the men declare to be charming, and a tall young son of a promi- nent civil servant, whom many of the ladies in turn think to be awfully nice. They are to be frequently seen about together during lunch hour, and there was evident jealousy in the eyes of some of the fair damsels who knew him when he walked past them without acknowledgement, so deeply was he and his fair companion engrossed in the story which he was telling whilst she looked with smiling eyes and enchanting blushes into his face. She probably got a pain in her neck looking up at him, but it will be nothing to the pain that will ensue if her aunty becomes aware of things. In her usual gracious style, "Girly" will be pleased to consider for publication any spicy bits of interest that her many friends (or enemies) may forward. The disclosures in some cases should be interesting. To finish my budget. With tears of sorrow, I have to announce that a writ has been issued against the Queen-street draper who keeps his shop open on holidays, at the instance of his late respected housekeeper, who, at one time, bore his honored name, as well as something else. A Brisbane daily has been drawing a lot of attention to the question of juvenile depravity. but they will get a lot more fun out of an enquiry into the depravity of some of our married Johnnies and Johnniesses. For in- stance, what sort of an article, with big headings, etc., could be got out of the doings of a certain hotel-keeper in town, who leaves his wife in charge whilst he runs around town at night with a housemaid from the other place. Wifey, of course, is simple, and when he tells her that the poor girl is so bashful and retiring that she docs not like going about with strangers, and that he must reward her attention to her work with his care during the time she is taking a little fresh air, of course wifey takes it all in. Some day, however, there will be an awaken- ing—the bashfulness (?) of the housemaid will be revealed and hubby, who is known for a bully, will get his desserts. 