CIIAFTER XXXVII. UNE 3rd.—I hare found tho clue. There is a spring—a tiny almost imperceptible knob, more like an uncvcnncss in tho wall than any thing else. After much pressure and trial it yielded. Tho panel opens into a recess, and there, leading down to depths unknown, is tho winding stairway. I have not the courage to go down. Tho air is damp and mouldy, and it Is hor ribly dark. I am Quito content to havo proved my dream correct. I shall sleep in peaco to-night, I hope, and to-morrow I shall ask my grand father if ho knowB aught of any secret chamber in the basement, or any exit into tbo grounds through a subterranean channel. These stairs may go down to tho fouudation9, and then lead to tho cliffs for aught I know. A fine method of escape when changing dynasties 'and tlie iron rale of the Common wealth made traitors of the good and loyal nobles of England. i Jane 14th.—I havo got hold of the story by scraps and bits. It is far too long and intri cate to pnt down here. It is sufficient for me to know that the old lady is not only an ancestress but a namesake; that she also was ono Ursula Penharva, that her life held a great sorrow and a great tragedy. What makes me pauso here, and 06kmyeelf shall I resemble her ju more thun name, and will my life also hold & great sorrow and cul minate in a great tragedy ? God knows 2 (A. great portion of ihe diary following these entries coaristod only of fragments—old disjointed scraps concerning tho illness of old Michael Penharva, and histories, moro or less incoherent, respecting the family. Dolores hurried over these, or omitted them. Sho wanted -o reach the modern por tion of the journal.) Midsummer Day, June, IB47.—Three years since my grandfather died. Threo years einoe Penharva became mine, and two since I refused John Penharva for the third time. I cannot marry Lira. I have no inclination ] towards marriage at all. I did ask him once jf his friend from Lon don was never again coming to vi:»it u-j as he had promised, but he answered curtly that he knew nothing of him, and that he bore by no means such a character as should interest a lady. Upon which my colour rose, and I told him haughtily' that a lady's interest con ; cerned no one but herself and the person whom it was bestowed, and so we parted no hotter terms than ever did part U3. For ho was always rebuking, and I always im patient. 'Tis full summer now, the sky of a glory beyond all words to paint, tho orchards and gardens fragrant with ripening fruits and full-blown roses, the hayfi&lds; ripe for the gleaners, the sea a blue and waveless mirror, stretching far and wido to tho dim horizon lmo. 'Tis a great day for Coroiak maids, this 24th of June. At neon thoy try charw3 to prove who shall have swain or sweetheart, and who go without, t hear much chattering and ado, but I leave my mother to chide their wasted hours. It has nought to do with me. t I fed strange lack of interest in this old house; I grow pale and languid, aud time hangs heavy on my bauds. I wish I could get away to some place, some new life. I am twenty years of age, and rich—so thoy say—and pet. . . Heigh-ho ! how weary I feci at times, and how old. Hutli Cbirgwyn came naming across ihe orchard path, as I wandered there seeking for tine cherries. She is a pretty girl, and helps in the kitchen and laundry. When she saw me she stopped and locked confused. I knew what she bad been doing, and laughed at her blushes. Poter Pasco, the gardancr, is after her, and I doubt not she had been trying charms to find out when they would bo wed— if at all.* "Try to-night again," I said, halt in jest, for indeed it is no light matter to bo out at miduighton midsummer day, since fairies and pixies are seen, not to mention his majesty frogeagle, who is a mighty trioky spirit, and blamed for many an evil deed through the length and breadth of Cornwall. " To-night 2" gasped the girl, and all her bl ashes faded into waxen whiteness. " Awk! My dear Miss Ursy, you do never mean the hempseed. iu " l do mean the Iiemp3red." She began to shake. "La! la! miss, I couldn't, were it ever so. I should be skeered of my life. I never did do more than bake a case on the kitchen hearth ; nor moro did any of the maids. We han't narra of us goet the snerrit. All tho saam, miss, Fd he dearly loviu to see if he would enm a follo'in* I. Do 'ee believe in thieky charm, Miss Ursy." "I've never tried it," I said, gravely. " But suppose I come with you." "Awk! my dear life!" she gasped. " Would Jee dare now ? And tell not a soul. They do say sure as fate the young mac, that's to wed wi* un will follow." "Yes," I said, "I'll come. - I'll go down to the kitchen at a quarter before midnight. Waitfor me there. But be sure you tell no one." She promised solemnly, and then ran off to her own regions, and her own work, while I ate fruit uuder the shade of tho great pear tree, aud asked myself if I had not been very foolish to encourage this silly maid in her superstition. I soon forgot all ubout it, hut it happened that in the evcning.I was in the library, look ing for a special book I desired to read. On one shelf, thrust into a corner, I came upon an old volume that bore tho title " Cornish Superstitions." I drew it out aud begau to read it. Heavens! What a record of legends and charms, witches and wizards, it contained. If ono half were true, well, Cornwall must be the most ghest- riuden, witch be-peopled county in all England. At some I laughed, at others wondered. But having saturated myself with this lively literature for sorno hours I was doubtless in a fitting frame of mind to test some of its best known and vouched-for superstitions. Not an hour ago I stagirered into this room moro dead than alive. Now I tell myself how foolish, and worse than foolish, I am, and, oh! how bitterly ashamed. Let me see if I can writo down here what really happened. . I found Buth waiting for me. We both wore clonks with hoods drawn over our heads. We both curried in our hands a small basket of bempseed. Noiselesi'y we crept out into the garden, ] and up the grinding--path, and so into tfcol lilgli road, stretching whito and dear, under the moonlight, to the town of Penzance. It was qnito empty of human figure, or living object. " Ruth," I said, " we will walk on say twenty paces, theu turn, and scatter the herapseet} behind us," llut sho objected that we must not be together. 801 left her at the twenty paces and went ou further myself for some twenty or thirty moro. Just where I paused, a group of beech trees, ancient and tag, threw a shadow over ibe wbilo road. I turned hastily. At the same moment the stillness was broken by tlto sound of footsteps approaching frotu behind, and a voice bailed me. Now what foolishness overcame ice at that moment I cannot tell, but down fell my basket, and I flew like one possessed over tho white road, reaching Rath in & moment and dragging her with me down the narrow cliff Eath that led to the back entrance of the ouse. We had left the gate .open, and tlirough it we flew, fast as feet cqufd carry us, damming the door behind and turning the key in the lock. There we stood a moment to regain breath, trembling and panting, and Ruth, for one, ready to faint with terror. " Who wa3 it r" she gasped. "I don't know," I said. " I never waited to see." "Hush!" she cried. "He doboa-foilo'irv ?. 0 Lord!0 Lord! Whatever shall us dor" I clapped my hand to her mouth and listened. Sure enough footsteps were coming down the glon. Quick, firm footsteps—those of a young man,' without doubt. Wc were too frightened to move. We held each other by the arm and listened. Tho footsteps stopped at the gate, and a loud knocking began. Ruth, little fool, dropped 0:1 her knees. I, regaining courage and Knowing the gate, was strong, demanded who was there. t'A belated traveller," paid a voice—and hat was in its tones that should thrill me, and set my heart beating so wildly? " My carriage brck? down midway between Penzanco and hero, or I should havo reached the placo hours ago. Are the family all gone to rest for the night r" ' "Say 'yes,'" Icried imperatively in Ruth's 1 car. *' I know who the gentleman is." 1 She staggered to her feet. "It bo no ghaiat, miss, then?" 1 " Ghost—no. It is a friend. He must he 1 admitted. 1*116lip upstairs. 3Tou let him in, J and I will waken my mother." " I can't e'en daur to open the gate," she cried below her breath. "Nonsense!" I *aidr andshcokhcrsharply. 1 "You must wait until I reach the kitchen 1 door, and then turn the key." Sho rosa to her'fect, and I sped silently over tho grass, reached the kitchen, and flew upstairs. I knocked at my mother's door, telling her I had heard someone at the gate—a traveller who had been on his way to see us and met with an accident. She bade me go down as soon as I was dressed, and she would follow. I returned to my room to await Ruth's sum- ; raons. It would never do to confess myself ■ one of the foolish maids he had pursued. lie ; must only think it was the esrvanty. What ' should the mistress of Penharva be doing at , midnight, working midsummer charms on tho high road ? , Palo and demure in my black gown, I went ] cown into tho small parlour my mother oiid'I ( used for meals, some quarter of an hour after , Ruth bad summoned me. • ] He was sitting by the open window, look- j iug out at the mystic whiteness of the moon lit garden. He—I had 110 need to name him. . My heart had done that at the first sound of , his voice. He rose. I saw then how changed he was « in these three years. His face was lined and | pale.* His eyes had lost their brightness and grown dull and lustreless. He wore a mons- j tache and short pointed beard, which gave 1 him the look of one of the royalists in oar | picture gallery, and was quite an unknown fashion in our part of the world. j "I—I can hardly flatter myself that you j remember pie, Miss Penharva," he said, j " And what must you think of my disturbing < your household at this untimely hour 1 But t my carriage broke down midway between f Penzauco and here, or I should have arrived j hours ago." # 1 " I remember you very well," I said. He looked at me earnestly. " You have ] cbauged since I saw you last, but the change { is only to your advantage," he said. | I drew my haud away from hie, and blneh- ( ing asked him to he seated. \ I tried to conquer my foolish confusion, to ] talk naturally, hut it was strangely difficult. I welcomed the appearance of Ruth with a j tray of refreshment and a jug of cider. She « was speedily followed by my mother, who did tho duties of hostess in her own kind simple ] fashion. Then he told us of London, and its gay doings, and 6poko toucbingly of our | bereavement, of which ho had heard from j Cousin John. I wondered what business bad 1 brought hira to our out-of- the-world uwcli- 1 ing, but bo did not explain, saving only that 1 ho would bnt trespass on our hospitality the matter of two or three days. 1 I spoke very little. It was pleasure 1 enough to listen. I noted, though, that 1 when my mother told liim tho houso and 1 everything at Penharva was mine, ho looked j at mo with a new attention, and after that was somewhat silent. 1 When he had fitrishod his supper, my < mother herself showed bim to his room. I < lingered to give some orders to Rutb, who i camo in to remove the tray. 1 "Remember," I said, pressing hard her 1 Not a word of who was with you on t this night's foolish business to anyone." She promised faithfully, and I wen! to promised own bAl-cbamber. It wa9 flooded wiih moonlight. j neodcfi I"? "rPlr0 .t0 "Ednas. Aa I stood and Ioolcd! at all tho lamiliar things around me, beautiful now byjhis silver flame that poured in from the open window, my eyes rested on the portnut. I started. It seemed for a moment' as if it looked at me with strange carncstnessJ | with something of warning—as if it fain 1 would speak. A great fear overcame mc. I seized tho matches and lit my candles quickly, then" drew down the blind. " Truly imagination plaja us strange tricks at times. , . . 