A Girl's Gossip. ©ear Quiz—'A merry Christmas and a happy New Year' was the greeting I received on visiting the famous grotto of Messrs John Martin and Co. Father Christmas was my well wisher, and he looked hale and hearty in his crimson robes, his flowing white beard and long white hair a iding to his venerable appearance. On his head was a holly wreath, and he held a larg£ basket full of Christmas stockings. A number of pretty little girls knelt at his feet, asking questions with the proverbial curiosity of their sex, and and gazing with admiring eyes at the Christmas stockings in his basket. I told Father Christmas about the strange theology of the little girl men tioned in my letter last week, and he said, 4 Well, I've been round the world, 1' v e fought in the Crimea, and I've seen service in India, and I hope to>get to heaven at last.' Someone suggested a glass of beer (I mean nectar), and Father Christmas left the Grotto for a few minutes. He told-me ^hat ast year he took ,£70 in pennies during three weeks, and that although the Grotto is well ventilated he feels the heat a good deal, more especially on Wednesday and Satur day afternoons, when a band plays, and thousands of children fill the Grotto from end to end, gazing at the fairyland of toys and listening to the music. This year the Grotto is fitted up as a Musical Garden, and a large grapho phone sings sentimenta' songs varied with dance music. And a special fea ture of the Grotto is a big *>ed, in which two dolls are supposed to be waking ap on Christmas morning, and admiring the contents of two large stockings. Four years ago the Grotto came into existence, and it has grown so rapidly that a hundred extra hands are now employed there during the Christmas season. The whole place is under the control of Mr S. Barr, who introduced the idea and worked it up to its present state of perfection. I begin to think better of shop walkers' since Father Christmas made his appearance. They are, during the greater part of year, so very magnifi cent, that I have from time to time found myself wishing that Thackeray had known a shop-walker. Indeed, £ rather begin to fear that these awe-inspiring, customer-discriminating gentlemen would develop into Scrooges at Christmas ; and when I was asked to make their acquaintance last week, I hypnotised myself on the way to the big shops by saying over and over again—' Old Marley was as dead as a door-nail.' However, when I saw a tall gentle man with a moustache smiling beam ingly on fond mamas and hundreds of little children, leading a little girl by one hand and dragging a little boy by the other, while half-a-dozen infants hung on to his coat tails, I began to understand why children refuse to be happy unless Christmas brings with it a visit to Messrs John Martin's Grotto. America is running Germany hard as regards toys, reducing freight, and cutting prices, and doing other 4 slim' things. The American toys are re markably strong, iron engines and trains, cannons, carts, and carriages Being sent here in large numbers, I saw ail American gun called ' The Daisy Century Air Gun,' that will kill birds. This gun is in great request for boys who have just ceased to be children. For girls, America sends kitchens and cottages that can be built and fitted np; also irons that can be heated, aud iron stoves that will hold a real fire and cook real foop. Dolls range from 3d. upwards. Books, which are bought by the hundred, cost from 4|d. to several shillings. T saw 4 The Vicar of Wake field 5 well bound for 4 Jd, also volumes of the poets, and the principal English novelists. Lollies galore, cheap toys, filled stockings, fancy baskets, ornaments for Christmas trees, toy pianos, and games in great variety are provided for Christmas presents. Altogether the Grotto is a grand place, and I advise people, great and small, big and little, old and young, happy and miserable, to look in there while the band plays on a Wednesday or Satur day afternoon, and see if Scrooge's ghost does not hover over the head of venerable Father Christmas. Mr Fred. Bricknell displays all sorts of good things in the way of Christmas cakes and lollies, I admire very much his soldiers' cake, and t expect) every mother who has a son return »d from th^ war will order a 1 Welcome Home' cake from Mr Bricknell. This cake is covered with khaki-colored icing, and has a sugar Union Jack worked in the proper colors on the top, and a fringe of red, white, and blue sugar all round it. Mr B.. A. Yates exhibits some of the loveliest flowers of the season in the Arcade and also in Rundle Street. His flower stall in the Australia Hotel is now quite a feature of that up-to date establishment. A visit to Mr F. Basse's beautiful shop is a great treat, and I was not surprised to see there many Society ladies admiring the lovely things he has brought back from Paris. 4 What effect will Federation have on you f I asked Mr Basse. 4 !None whatever,' he answered, 4 it will make no sort of difference to my business' It would take a day, or longer, to see all the lovely things on view upstairs and dowstairs at Mr Basse's. So I con fined myself to the things exhibited in the Paris Exhibition. Amongst them I noticed as more especially suitable for Christmas presents medalion brooches and lockets, set with small diamonds, and suitable inscriptions, such as, 4 This be your lucky star.' Toilette arti les made of gun metal, silver-mounted combs and brushes, cigarette boxe* and tea strainers of oxidised silver, ostrich fans of all colors, the fashionable gold hair slides in many designs, French transparent enamel brooches in the newest art co ors, smelling salts bottles, enamel clocks, alabaster inkstands and pen trays, and an endless variety of charms. Hat pins, silver mounted and adorned with colored stones, took my fancy as novel and useful presents. Velvet bands with clasps of pearls or brilliant buckles are now much worn r jund the neck, and of these Mr Basse has a large assortment, imita tion pearls that would have deceived the farmous jeweller in Lothair who said, 4 Pearls are like girls, my my lord, they requ're a great deal of attention,' and who spent some weeks of the year airing the pearls of great ladies in the gardens of castles, are to be had at a very modest sum from Mr Basse, who seems to think that novelty and show attract most of the good folk of Australia. People who can afford to make costly presents at Christmas should see Mr Basse's Copenhagen ware, Bohemian glass, Austrian china, majol ca, colored bronzes, copper ware, and French new art china (I liked this last the best.) Late y Mr Bass£ has being doing a large business in wedding presents, for people seem to think that it is the right and proper thing to celebrate the coming Commonwealth by getting married, and couples ate federating so fast that all the clergy of Adelaide will have plenty of ■ turkey-and - plum pudding this Christmas. Messrs James Marshall & Co. have a vast display of Christmas novelties ; and [ was struck with the martial nature of t1 e toys they have prepared for children. Armor suits represent ing many regiments are on view ; also soldiers in rank and soldiers in boxes; iron cannon; air, pop, cap, paper, shot and dart guns ; dolls dressed as soldiers and red cross nurses ; khaki boy and girl doll soldiers * and military hats of all shapes, sizes ani colors. Indoor and outdoor swings are to be had, made of wood and rope, or of canvas, and these must be a boon to women with heavy babies. The wire exp inding skipping rope is a gre it im provement on the old-fashioned article. The new flying kites with four sides are cheap, and fly much higher than the old kites. The mechanical toys ' made in Ger many include the kangaroo, the crocodile, and the stubborn donkey. Animals not only walk and jump, but also make the noises that nature has tau jht them, ducks swimming an I quacking at the same time, bulls bel owing, cows lowing sheep baaing, and so on until one fancies oneself in a mecha nical zoological garden. The most remarkable mechanical toys consist of trains running on lines and through tunnels with a station, a signal-box, and every other part of a successful railway journey The train now on view in Messrs James Marshall and Oo.'s window attracts crow Is, and and two boys are kept busy shunting, signalling, &c.; The toys for little gir's are remark ably useful, iron stove * with enamel cooking utensils being sold at very moderate prices. Kitchens that take to pieced and make up again, dplls' houses tall as a six-year-old lassie, pianos on which tunes can be played, bagpipes that Scotchmen say will uive their native melodies, and musical boxes delight and fascinate children, and make mothers declare that they can't think what the world is coming to, because 1 in my time it was very very different' Money-boxes shaped like a man-of war or a safe, are offered to saving children, boats and ships to sailors of the coming Commonwealth, archery sets, spring dumb-bells, and clubs make useful presents. Grraphopliones and gramaphones supply an inexhaustible stock of songs and music, and one hears the mothers murmur 4 Wonderful,5 while the little boys ask, 4 HLow is it done V 4 Where does the voice come from V Up and down stairs, to and from this palace of delight, trudge anxious mothers with tribes of happy children, and I am glad to say that Messrs Marshall & Co. do not supply the noisy music so dear to the juvenile heart, and whistles are not numerous. The Fancy Department contains beautiful presents for grown-ups, and as so many people will go to Sydney after Christmas I advise both ladies and gentlemen to inspect the travelling bags exhibited. Then there is a wonderful bicycle bag containing a knife and fork, a flask, and a sand wich case all in a very small compass. Hand-bags, chain-bags, and chatelaine bags are being sold, and I was told that the very newest thing in hand bags is called 'Dorothy.' A ten tie man's dress suit bag is a useful present for a son or husband. In smaller presents I recommend the leather cigar and card cases, also collar and cuff boxes made of the same useful material. The new pulley belt is a nice thing for a lady. The Hasu no-Hana perfumed soap, made from the Japanese water lily, is \ ery delicious, an t I know of nothing more refreshing in the water than the Eau de Vie de Lavande. 1 have sometimes heard it said that 4 There is no money in Adelaide.' Well, the silver and china department of Messrs Marshall & Co. proves that there are many rich people here and a good few with very long purses I was shown some elegant silver com bination vegetable dishes, beautiful silver spooners (silver trays for spoons), tobacco boxes, cigar lighters, hairpin trays, and shaving-mugs with lamps Coffee and hot milk jugs of en graved satin, orange and passion fruit spoons, tiny cake forks for afternoon tea (such a saving of kid gloves!) frosted silver knives and forks for jellies and salads, tomatoes and fish, cruets combined with pickle jars, oxidised silver dessert knives and forks, and frosted silver teapots made one almost envy the wealthy ladies of Adelaide who walk into Messrs James Marshall & Co.'s shop and order 'a box of silver Christmas presents ' I must not forget the clock-lamps, which are a novelty; the sliver mounted button-hooks and tooth brushes, and the manicure sets. And I would like to draw attention to the beautiful hand-painted china, more especially the little fruit plates for afternoon tea-. The spoons for fruit are very dainty, and the cake forks I mentioned before fill a long felt want. Shaded china makes a cup of tea taste doubly delicious. Talking to a French lady who was travelling by the great ocean liner Afric. that anchored last Sunday at Largs Bay, I asked how she liked the one-class accommodation. 4 The cook ing is t ood.' she said, 4 and it is all very clean, but I can't enjoy my tea, because the china is so thick.' Messrs Marshall &> Co supply the daintiest of china plates and teacups. People are asking what to read now the holidays have commenced. The following are some of the newest books; and they can be ha 1 at the Book Lovers' Libiary, in Gawler Place:— 4 The Great Boer Mar,' by Conan j Doyle; 4The Bight Hon. Joseph Chamberlain,' by N. Murrell Morris; 4 Oliver Cromwell,' by the Right Hon. John Morley; 4 China in Decay,' by Krausse; 4 How We Kept the Flag Flying,' by I onald Macdonald. Also the following new novels :—4 Peccavi,' by E. W. Hornung; cGateless Barrier,' bv Lucas Malet; and 4 The Cardinal's Snuff-box,' by H. Harland. -Yours, Dodo. 