The fiartyrdom of Marioii. C3APTER YI T I—Continued The lawyer did ijiOt apsak, but, takiag the chair sh« pointed out to -Mm, leaned his elbow upor the table ami, supporting fcis bead ori his hand, gastdd yiteuily. at her. Apparently lady Menteith understood that his silenco arose from no lack of sympathy for she went on at once. • I can't tellyou, Huinphrj, what a coutfort it is to me to be able to talk the matter over with you; with any one but an old friend it would be so twnWy difficult!' , . • What is it V he said again. Come Alto—b*eak the ice; it's something had, or ^ think it's-bad, at any rate to iudga from your face.' • Ye- ' she said with, a shudder— . it-s very bad, Herbert tferrol has bi ©n here!' . . __ , With an exclamation Humphry Marchmont raised his head sbai ply. Herbert Fermi has been here ! What &>r, in the name of wonder^ • He says he has come to claim the custody of his daughter,' sh* answered, with a Robbing catch m her breath. • Goad heavens!' the lawyer cried in . consideration,, horror; and then:, he .continued after an instant's eagerl } i 4 Toa say he says he has come for that } purposei do yon doubt it then? * « I don't know what to think ; I cannot believe he ^sincere I feel convinced that his Object i* to extort money ; but I fear I: made a' nna^ake in " accusing hitu of it.* • With an ejaculauon ol annoyance Humphry Marchmont brought his h a n d smartly down upon the oak XTpoa^' raj; women axe enough to drive a man mad with your absur4 impulsiveness* W ; hy in the name of goodae 88 couldutyou treat the.fellow as if y*u thought hm. a decent member of society, whatever your reaV opinion wa«, and- leave me to Ingest a way out of the difficulty ? you.'ve.-ci*the ground fromunder my feet, you know, 4nd furnished this -toreeious scamp with a grievance. Wel_ yo it'll have to pay.for itr-that's all. I remember Herbert Ferrol of old. How much ready money can you lay youi hand upon ?' , , " , Lady Mcnteith^hooh her head. ••I really don't kiow. Humphry— twi much, I'm afraid. L ought to cut down my expenses; and I really meau to doso next year.' 4 Ah, it fc a been * next year with you lot a long- time, Alice 1 Well, I «on't tep^oacliyou,-for now you. see the effect of Lady your extravagance.' VFbikteitft. clasped her hands anxiously. • Do you, think he will be very »>x orbitant t£en. ?' she cried anxiously. • "Well, no—perhaps not,' Humphry Marchmont replied kindly} 'and if yovk haven't enough, I have done some lucky stroke lately, und you must apply to me.^ i should think we should be safe with five hundred youuds.' he 8i i 3 ' • Oh, I have as much as that! ' relied Lady^ Monteii h, • much relieved. 11 Bluet *have near on a thousand pounds get-at-able, I should think.' 4 Ah, wi ll, then we shall be able to »anage the, fellow, I have no doubt I Bat now let me know all there is to know.' Lady Monteith told her story and at ihe conclusion, after considering a moment, the lawyer said— • liy-the- w.ay, what does Ferrol look Eke stow ?' 4 A thoroughly lough, coarse middle aged man,' Lady Monteith responded. * I could scarcely imagiue that it could fee the Herbtrt Ferr<>l uiy pocr sister found, 4 He so usiateo fascinating.' be.<l«ueedly handsome,' Remarked Marchmont rffltfciixe'y. <y es —was a;t one tinio but he aeems to-taye lost all .traces o^ refinement. tie, looks now like a. dirty, dissipated, ^isfSputable coiamon man. I daro say.- his features may be still handsome, *but he is so untidy and iil- Biannored that he seems to me positively repulsive;-* He didn't look as if he had washed his face or brushed his h'bir or beard for a. week.' ' 4 I'ui glqgl tohear that 1! exclaimed 'Macvhviw>Dt emphatically ' Glad!' echoed Lady Monteith, in astonishment. ' Why, I was really ashamed that the servants *>,ven should §ee such a disreputable man in my house! Poor Marior, it must have been a h rriblo shock /or her, tor she in almost too fastidious in her tastes; and to be suddenly fathered by such -a man as that must have been awful!' 'I admit that,' the. lawyer said; • nevertheless I am glad t.1 a Ferrol is so unprepossessing in appearance and maimer.' 'But why?' . - 4 Well,' he answered lowering his voice, 4 although t have no doubt, in my own mind that Herbert Ferrol is after your money, still it is just possible, for some reason of his own utterly apart from any feeling of tenderness for har, that he may really desire to get his daughter into his pjwer.' 4 Good heayens!' cried Lady Mon teith,.. 4 And could he force her to li?e with him against her will ?' • Well," sa d the lawyer, wrinkling his brows thoughtfully, 4 that is a difficult q.uet>tion to answer. As. a rule, a fatner certainly would have the power; but, since Ferrol has become such a creatme as you describe, I should advise you to fight the matter te the death with him.' 4 But what difference does his appearance make ?' L<tdy. Monteith asked in perplexity. ' v. • Ab, you have not mnch experience of life, Alice!' Marchmont replied smiling indulgently at the beautiful anxious face. 'After aU,- judges are human beings, and it strikes me very forcibly that Feiral's disreputable appearance and manner is the strongest trUmp card in our hands. I should, imagine f-on what you say that he "does noc look the sort of raan to have the custody of a delicately-brought-up young lady.' •No, indeed,' was tha eager response. . ' ,, . •Very well, then; if-he should decide to take th<=> matter into court, all that will be in our favour. Don t worry yourself more than you can help he said kindly; I'll pull you.thmugh somehow; never fear. Now gxifj i^e a pen and note paper. Where did you, say the fellow puts up 4 Are you going to writ© _to him r Ladv Monteith inquired anxiously. : Certainly I am ; I BltaU wii e a Very polite note, and suggest that he o'clock- meets me here ' tomorrow at fpur. Not another word was spoken ror five minutes ; but at the end of that time Humphry Marohmondt- having folded and directed his letter, rose and held out his hand to his companion. • Good bye !' be said. ' 1 promised Edna to get back as soon as possible ; she is simply tortured with ^anxiety und curiosity. Oood bye ! Keep up .your heart, and go to bed early^ and get a gflod night's rest. Don t let, this fellow see we are afraid of him,, • whatever you do!' With thistind another hearty shake of' the hand. Humphry MTarohmont wen' away quicxly murmuring between histeeth-^ .. . 4 1, wonder what the fellow'® game is, after all ? I shouldn't be eurprjsed if he hati an ey* to the grandmother s little legacy. Well, if it must go, it must ; but I hope to save it. « # * 4 upon my soul, Ferrol, you are a lively looking- customer' Do you always go to sleep in your clothes s' •Not always,' the other replied coolly. . 4 And I suppose vod sotnptimofi indu!gi> in a ctean collar, eh V 4 Oh, yes -on high day« and boll* (lays!' ' , 4 When you call upon a lady*, lor. instance ?' Hodges continued, regard- 1 ing with some curiosity the ma^who fifteen years before bad beeiK one of the handsomest; best-set-up dandies about town., . . , 4 Well, that depends «»n who she is, JWol replied, with a coarse laugh. 4 and what BO* of an impredsion I wish to create. wedL j»st as you see me now to call ©a a vfity high-born ? dame yesterday.' ' N<mwnee !' ejaculated -Hodges. •I did on'mi soul. And I don't think she admired m« much.', 4 What oh earth did you do it for ?' • Because I dislike her,' Ferrol ; replied, 4 or rather I dii dislike her-^I hftte hei now—aud I. win ted to bring her confounded prjde down a peg.' . . 1 A»tfl h ivo you doie it?' Hodges inquiiod. ' , • • Not, as^jnnch as I mean to,' was t, if ans\ver. ; You owe her a grudge, I suppose?' alio HoIges curiously., 4 A>, do; but I.^hall bo out of debt before long. Well, give me a brundy-and-soda; my hoai aches readv to split.' 4 And so, noMoubt, do half a dozen o'lier. heads that we -know of !' said Hodges, with , a laugh.... 4 You were lucky last night, ]?errol K . eh ?' Yes-»I won fifteen pounds.' 4 And eight the night before. 1 4 Yes—if it was not so risky, it would be worth staying almost; but the police will be do>vn oa you before an ; other month's out, there is little doufc t.' With a shrug of the shoulders Hodges turned away.. As he did so, his eyes fell upon an pnvelope which was stuck up among the clean wineglares and tumblers, •Oh, by George, I forgot!' he ex-, elaimod. 4 Here's a letter for vou.'. 4 For me ?' cried Ferrol. ' ies; it came by the first post.' Ferrol tore it open iaipatiently. As he. read it, Hodges saw that' the peevish frown upon his face changed into an expression of dog'ged resolution. When he had finished the note, he thrust it inro his,breast- pocket, knd stood a minute quite motionless, thinking deeply : and, when he looked.up again, there waR a dangerous. Bparkle in hi§ eyes. With auother shrug of. the shoulder<3.j Hodges muttered to himself— 4 Who is he going to play the deuce with now, I wonder ? Well, if Herbert Ferrol isn't a good lover; he is a good hater, at all events!' - 4 What's the, time, Hodges'? demanded Ferrol aloud. •Ten pa6t eleven. Didn't you wind up your watch last night ?' 4 1 haven't one. Where's the nearest Turkish bath ?' 'In Lincoln Street,' the other replied in surprise.. Without another word Ferrol gu'ped down his braudy-and-soda, and then, buttoning up his coat, went hastily itifco thestreet. leaving Hodges staring with astonishment. Outside the hotel F rrol paused for an instant. •It's a quarter-past, eleven,', he muttered, ' and, the appointment is for half^past four. Can I spare a couple of hours i z the Turkish/bath. I wond jr ?' He considered a moment,, and then, hailing a hansom, jumped into it. ' To the Turkish,Baths in Lincoln Street—quick !' he said ; then, throwing himself back, he indtterel between his teeth, 4 I'll risk it; it will pull me together better than anything I know of, and, if I keep them .half an. hour, it won't hurt,. Humphrey Marchmont will wait for mo, there s no fear!' Putting his hand into his pocket, he pulled out a number Af gold coins which he caiefiilly counte l, 4 Seventeen,' he rauctered. 4 Ah, that will be plenty^ without changing the note* ! It's a nuisance about, the watch; but a ticker certainly adds to a man's respectability, and an old-fashioned second-hand one oughtn't to run to much.' CEAPTEB IX. IT was an anxious little group that were gathered together in Lady Monteith'^ library at balffpastfour.on the twenty^third of April. Lady Monteir.h a«d Marion were there,-and . also Mr. Humphrey Marchmont ; but it was arranged that Marion should, leave them after she had fulfilled what might be considered her duty and greeted her father. As the time for Herbert Ferrol's dreaded arrival approached,, a heavy silence descended . upon tha three, which was broken, at length., by the lawyers drawing his watch, from his 4 He is,late,' he 6aid ^ it is a quarter to five.' The colntir flashed into Afarion's pale cheeks aud the light of hope appeared in her eyes. 4 Perhaps be will not come 1' she cried. 4 Auritie, I told you he was only trying to punish us.'. " 1 ' ;As she spoke, a loud double-knock at the door caused the blush to fade from her face, leaving it even paler than it had been befere. Eunning to her aunt, who had risen at the ominous sound, she caught her hand in both of hers. • 4 _Xou will let me know at once,'( she said, in a whimper—you will not keep mo waiting* d6ar? I must write a ,1in^ to Naples before half-past' five !' Lidy Monteith nodded, l»ut Humphrey March munt„ . noticed / thac tier very lips g;re\^ white with the. effort to control herself. , The few moments that, elapsed between the knock'and the announcement of the visitor spumed an eternir.y to Lady Montt rhand lie* nicce ; but, when Herbert F.»rr«»l, usli^red fry the servant, entered the room at last, an involuntary exclamation of aatonishmeut broke from them. At the first moment Marion could not believo h^-r eyes ^surely it could not be her father, this elegant noble-look' ing man . with the closely cropped fine looking hfead, th« autocratic features and the pointed Vandyke beard and longisilky-mojustachei The very col<»uf of his face seemed to have alt«red, fof instead of a swarthy, w«ather-worrt, dirty looking complexion, : this man's skin was clear and only becoming broiizpd. F»>r a minute she stared in., blank bewilder/iientj doubting the evidence of her.own senses ' 3 but. when the cold grey eyee met hers and she, saw theoynica! smile under the heavy - mouatache, she shrank away_again. For a minute Herbert Ferrol stood egarding them all with an amused smile on his face, and theu, with a courteous bow to Lady Monteith, he took his daughter's hand and, bending his head, pressed his lips upon -her forehead. To a stranger the action would have appeared,.fuH>of-c^iiet dignity and propriety, and Marion's manner of receiving her haildsoine father's caress might-well have seemed lingraeious; but in reality' the iroa grip of the gloved fingers and the icyc_>ld lips would have excused ieven a greater appearance of shi inking dread* Releasing. Clarion, Herbert Ferrol' advanced to bis sister-in-law and held out his hand, saving cordially— 4 1 am afraid I have taken you alt. rather at a disadvantage. Alice, you look as if a ghost* had suddenly appeared; surely you were expecting me ? I did nbt answer your note Marchmoi t, he continued, giving his nand to :h lawyer, 4 because I felt s you wo Ud count upon my preeeic j; b 11 would have sent a telegram if I had any idea tliat tay eoK).ing_ would have had such an effect.' 4 We ar« n'ttura ly surprised,' Lady, Monteith a ammered, yery.ilf at ease, 4 At the nrnt moment we did not know you' " 4 Ab,'Ferrol replied, with a light laugh, which ... jarred upon his daughter's excited brain like a false note in music, * chat shows how far the tailor makes the man.L I am afraid, Alice, neither you, nor my Marion here,is a follower of staunch Robert Burns— 4 A man's a man f»»r a' that'—eh ? • To tell you the truth, Marchmout, I was so anxious to see my little daughter yesterday that I did not wait to unpack my trimk before, calling uppn her. Owe gets a little careless of one's appearance out in the West, you know, ahd, upon -ray soul, I was so excited at the idea of seeing tJie chHtii and so full- of wonder as to what she would look like >that I never thought of myself! Aha, I can, see you smile, Humphrey Marchmont t You feudw me when I thought a good eoat and a good hat were very essential *n a man's .happiness j but, thank H 'aven, I am wiser in . that respect and in others, I .hope, since I left England seventeen years ago !' Hie voice sank almost to a whisper, the brilliant long-lasUed^yes were lowered and the whole aspect of thin inan.bek ned .a sincere but nnavajling regret., , Lady /MoTiteith's blood.b'Pgan to tuu cold in* her veins. Humphrey Marchmont hadi eai<) that Herbert Feirol's disreputable forbhlding appparauce and-inianner. would be t^ae strungess argument in th^ir favour supposing the case should come, foi trial, and, looking at him now as he stood with bent head and sorrowful face, shecould easily imagine, that no on& except those familiar with his subtle crafty, nature wouid .question tfto gpnuineneRS of his regret for the past. - With a sinking heart she laid .her hand on Marion's arm. , • . 4 You Avill excuse your daughter 1 fiom being present at our intei view y Mr. Ferrdl T she said. To continued.) - 