LIVING WAR PICTURES. An opportunity will be afforded at the Academy of Music to-night of wit- nessing living pictures of some or the stirring incidents that are now daily being enacted at the seat of war in South Africa. The Tivoli Musical Com- pany, which opens a short season, has secured a series of theatrographic scenes taken by the photographic artists who were allowed by the War office to accompany the advancing British columns, and some of these are to be shown for the first time to an Australasian audience. Each of the films is up to 300ft. in length, and while on the screen every movement of those who are playing their part in the great struggle is realistically and vividly given. The pictures include the artillery duel and the ineffective rush of the Boers at the battle of Elands- laagte, the charge of the Gordon High- landers, bombardment of an armoured train, battle of Glencoe, a cavalry charge, and the Boer treachery in rais- ing the white flag and then firing on the British. Limelight pictures of the heroes of the war and the departure of the Tasmanian contingent, with the portraits of the officers, will also be given. Mr. W. Forster, the lecturer at the cycloramas, "Battle of Waterloo," "Siege of Paris," and "Battle of Gettys- burg," at Melbourne and Sydney, will explain the views. During the evening patriotic, rational, and illustrated songs, in addition to serio-comic items, will be given by Madame Carroll, Misses Millie Raymond, Myra and Ruby Clare, and Mr. Will Wynand. Miss Raymond will sing "The absent-minded beggar," and during it six members of the Launceston defence force will take up a collection in aid of the Tasmanian contingent fund. The entertainment is under the patronage of the Mayor (Al- derman Panton), the officers command- ing the Launceston Artillery and Headquarters Companies of the Second Battalion, and leading citizens. Ar- rangements have been made for the as- sociated bands to parade the principal streets prior to the entertainment. The box plan is open at Messrs. A. W. Bir- chall and Sons', the day tickets are on sale at Fitzgerald's. CAMPBELL TOWN, Friday. The Tivoli Company presented an ex- cellent entertainient here last evening to a good house. The movable scenes of the South African war were very fine. After Miss Millie Raymond had sung "The absent-minded beggar" a collection was taken up in aid of the patriotic fund, and £2 4s 4½d was handed over to Mr. Rich- ardson to be forwarded to the Mayor of Launceston. News was received by wire at half-past seven that Lord Roberts had entered Bloemfon- tein. The telegram was read from the stage and received with cheers. If we may believe one of the audience at the Navy League meeting at Rottingdean, whereat Mr. Kipling made a speech, the author is not built for an orator. "When," writes his hearer, "he showed face in the schoolroom—it was crowded—his Rotting- dean neighbours cheered him mightily, and he blushed like a great kid. When he got up on the platform to speak he was as white as a ghost. He had evidently learned his little speech off by heart, and spun it out at a terrific rate. Of course that was nervousness. It struck me that he felt that if he were to hesitate he would be lost. The Big Englanders will never got Kipling as a platform spouter. He'd col- lapse at the end of his third meeting. After he had done speaking he jumped off the platform, and for five minutes or so sat fidgeting in his chair; then suddenly he picked up his overcoat, slung it on his arm, and bolted from the schoolroom as if some- body had yelled 'the roof's giving way!' So he never heard the professional Navy League lecturer—and he didn't miss much. I should mention that, while making his speech, Kipling gazed fixedly over the heads of the audience at a lantern stuck on the wall, and neveri moved either his head or hands. He spent the afternoon decorating the schoolroom with flags, bunt- ing, etc., but I can't say much for his de- corative taste; the stuff was strung across and across in the crudest way. The Rot- tingdean folk seem to be very fond of him." 