Sessional Work. „ Nineteenth Week— Sixty-Fifth Day. The Legislative Council read the Callide Railway Bill a third time. Something may yet come of that hill'; its'phssing through the Assembly will he embalmed in the annals of our- Parliament. . Politically, . it will be, "a sort of Kiaina ghost. The Sugar Works Guarantee Aots Amendment Bill earns in for some oaustio oritioisin. If one hon. member is to be trusted,- under tbiq bill tramways may be made aoross land other than that owned and pledged by parties coming under the bill. Perhaps this matter will be attended to before the bill becomes a statute. The seoond reading of the Paaifio Cable Enabling Bill oxoited very pleasurable feelings. It ie inexplicable that it should ; for we all remember, because we can never forget, that in the first instance, the bait dangled under the nose of Queensland was that -the catylo was to have its Aus tralian terminus somewhere on the coast of Queensland. Our southern neighbours never wore likely to grant that concession ; they rested not until a proposal was carried that this oahle should bifork at Fanning Island or somewhere there abouts, ono end of it, being landed in New Zealand. That proposal took the best of the plums out of tho pudding for Queensland; and mado it wholly not worth her while to run any risks or to inour any . expenditure about it. How' it is that this oir- outtistance' has beon forgotten >e - can not" tell ; but either it is forgotten or it ,'is not generally known ; for if it wore, how conld this , jubilation', arise ? Also that morbidly suspioious and correspondingly stupid person, the hater of the fat man " in politics, must have been caught napping, or ho -would not jubilate over tho faot of crashing a monopoly when that same circumstance is for tho speoial benefit of his so-called and specially detested " fat man." Also, originally, we were assured by those two excellent individuals, Sandford and Bowel), that tho cost of our cablet would be only half a orown per word. In all pro bability the other company will 'do business at a lower figure than that. The one regret about the business is that the late Sir Thomas ! M'llwraith . did. not live to see the cable laid. He . was one of its stanch supporters, and used to say, iu-his humorous manner, ".That little beggar Pouder .has always beaten mo ; but I think I've got the better of him now !" Both of them' now are on the other side. The- results will deelare the wisdom or the unwisdom of carrying out the . sohemo as it now stands. After some small work concerning the law of evidence, and the Gladstone to Rookhampton railway, which so for as tho Council is concorned is a small affair, the Federal Elections Bill considerably exercised hon. members. That fearfnl and wonderful thing, the Federal Convention Aot, pardon the paradox, contains some wondorful omissions. It may he -impossible to pass a local electoral bill without incorporating some of the provisions of the federal constitution, and without amending others of them. ' . Formal business in the Legislative Assembly .was confined to a few questions. The figures' in connection with a cheap exoursion to Pialba were asked ' for and supplied, and the Seoretary for Railways refused to try to ascertain tho circulation of the various newspapers in Brisbane. It would be a task of no small magnitude to ascer tain - the circulation of soma newspapers inoluded ic the list supplied by the querist. In the matter 'of application No. 542, con cerning which certain, ugly rumours are afloat, the Secretary for Publio Lands fenced and finessed a very pertinent question by unswering that tho Land Court was. not under his control. When Hamlet told Horatio that "There's not a villain living in all Denmark But he's an urrant knave," Horatio very pertinently replied that it needed.no ghost to tell him that. It needs no oraole to tell us that the Land Court is not nnder the Minister's control, but ; that was not the question. . The question was speoifio- ally stated, it was asked, was it the Minister's intention to interfere in the matter ? To give suoh a reply as that quoted is to engender a suspicion of hugger-mugger, and to whet'the appetite for exact information. Tho member for Clermont gave notice for production of all , papers in connection with the matter, and it may then be worth the while, of the House to look into it for more reasons than .one. The House went iuto committee to consider the' Kilkivan to Coolabunia .railway,- The motion was carried on the voices. ; Tho samo thing bapponed to ' tho Hughenden to Richmond Railway. Somo' amendments in . the . Collide Railway Bill. . mado in the Council aro to ho considered .in the Assembly to-day, with'what result has to he -seen. The Factories and. Shops' Act came on -for committeo consideration. We refer at length to. this, in another leader. - ' Business' done : lu tho Council, an attempt to alter the Federal Elections BiU. Iu the Assembly, as above. 