Hiram Winter's Guilt. If you have seen her, you know there never was a living thing on earth more beautiful. It was the talk of half the place, and men used to ride out on the road pur posely to look at her. Her manners were lively afd she talked to them freely, but she was as modest a girl in reality as ever lived. I went to the toll-gate often, and pretty soon I resolved to marry Adeline, and make her as happy as I could, always provided, d'ye see, that she would have me. I found she loved me, and at first there was happiness enough. But there were ob stacles of-which I had not thought before One was my mother, the other her brother. Mother could never be brought to look on Adeline as I did, and the drunken fool of a brother had taken it into his head to hate me. I was afraid of mother-she of Hiram, so'we'iisde a couple of ninnies of ourselves, and were married privately. I wont after her in a carriage, when she was alone, as she often was, took her to New York, and had the ceremony performed, and we were back before midnight. Hiram was away, and I passed my wedding night in the garret of the old.toll-gate house. Poor Adeline ! she made me keep her wedding ring and the marriage certificate, lest her brother should find them. She had a trick of hiding odd pennies for girlish finery, and he always ferreted them out, - so she made me hide them for-het, and take them with me on board theoAlbatross. Poor girl! neither of us guessed how it would end. We were to make the marriage public when I came back, no matter at what cost. But I never did get back, and never will; and Adeline, poor girl, has come to shame, no doubt, because of me. Strange, the only thing I saved was that certificate. and the ring, and a handker chief she had given me to remember her by. Boy, you can't tell what it is to think of that poor wife of mine and stay imprisoned here. I would give all the world to know her fate.' '.I can tell you what it is,' cried Oliver. ' You need not grieve for her-she is not worth .it. My father died at the old toll gate, and oh his deathbed this girl was mar ried to him. I knew it was a.fraud then, I am sure of it now. They swore, her ' brpther and herself, that there was a previous secret marriage; and there, at the old toll gate, my father put his signature to a will which left my sister and myself penniless. She.dwells at Meadows Hall, and her child is .?ith.her.' The sailor seized him by the arm. ' Say that again,' he cried. ' Did I hear you ? Is she-is Adelino already married to. another, to-' The words died on his lips-he cast his arms upward, he uttered a fearful cry, and fell forward in strong convulsions. CHAPTER. XXII. THERE stood upon the Meadows property a small ddwelling containing but four rooms, beside i little kitchen, which, erected long after the main body of the building, never would assimilate with it, but always re tained a look of being fastened to its com panion edifice against its will,' and being de termined to prove itself no kin to it. A pretty, rustic-looking place it was, apart frodm this excrescence, and the apart ments, thous' so few in number, were large and commodions, every room being wains coted lialf way up, and adorned about the chjmney with 'tiles' of pale pink china, representing scenes from Scripture, in which Joseph and his brethren and that highly disreputable personage, Mrs. Potiphar, figured largely. About the porch clambered rich, flower ing- vines, and the useful and ornamental were combined in a garden where pinlts and, nasturtiums, roses and cabbages and dahlias strfe to rival each other. The ocectunt .'o?'this house had been a little old Frenchman, who attended to what he 'termed' his 'menage' without assistance from any feminine auxiliary-cooked his own soup, made his own bed, and, in fact, did everything but get up his own linen. ,'..Some month or so after Adeline became tniistress of Meadows Hall, Monsieur Bijoux had received tidings of an unexpected legacy left himnby a distant relative, and had, in consequence, returned to his native land, bidding good-bye forever to the cottage, the ftiles and the gossiping neighbours who had never quite made up their minds what to think of him. Since that day the dwelling had been un inhabited, and was growing dingy and dilapidated in consequence, The gate turned rustily on its hiinges; the garden was a eeody wilderness, and the principal door way a loitering place for all the boys in the neighbourhood, who played peg top and siarblei under the shadow of its porch, or peeping through the keyhole or the crescent shaped apertures in the shutters, pretended to see the, ghost, and howled and hooted with impunity. Of late, however, some one likd taken a great interest in the cottage. A plump, comfortable little personage, as broad as he was long, with a pair of spark ling black eyes and a wonderful display of massive gold watch- chain, had walked about it, peeped ini pt the cellar door, investigated the garden, and even gone so far as to go \- down upon his knees and peer into the empty dog kennel. \- The place appeared to please him; and early one morning, as Adeline sat leisurely over her coffee, the servant entered with a card, and:the information that the gentle man who sene it :desired to speak to Mirs. Meadows. ''Sole now:neighbour, I presume,' said Adeline, with a yawn ' What an odd name I Hiram, did you over hear it ? D-i-v-i-n-o D)ivino, is it not I Dr Divino-' 'Hiram sprang from his seat with a smothered cry, snatched the card from his sister;', and read the name upon it over and over again. :'Divine-- yes, it is, it must be, Dr. Divine. There 'cannot be two of the same name and title. Dr. Divino. Adeline, this is no one you would wrish to see-a low fellow-a-a \--send word you aire not at home. John, -rhs. Meadows is not at home, you hear that 1?' FJdhn, show him in. I believe I am your mistress,' interposed Adeline, the hot blood monitinig.to hler cheeks. 'And pray, sir,' eshe added, as the man left the room, 'pray sir, how do you presume to dictate thus to me 1 Why do you fear that I should see this .atranger ? Have you been tampering with the property ? Have you laid plots ana plans to rob my boy of his inheritance 1 There is nothing eolse which you have any need to conceal from me. And mark inme, Hiam, Sthat'I w3ill not brook, come what may. ' You are mad, woman i' replied Hiram. Syour estates are too well locked up to be tampered with, if I wished. But I do not; I have'ready money enough, and have no imbitious views toward the inheritance of the property. I don't expectto outlive that waonderful brat of yours.' 'Why do you fear this sman, then I' asked Adeline. , Fear him 1' responded Hiram with a hoarse laugh. 'Who said I feared him, woman' 1' 'I!' replied Adelina. ' yo turnedl as pale as death when I read the name upon the card.' Pshaw !' replied Hiram 'I am not sure I know the man, after all, and I only dis liked him, if it is the same. I believe your brain is touched, Ad, I do, indeed.' 'It would not be strange if it were,' muttered Adeline. ' It throbs and burns sometimes as though I were indeed going mad. Hark, here comes the stranger.' She flung herself into a velvet chair be side the window as she spoke, and Hiram shrank moodily into a seat at the far corner of the room, endeavouring to prepare him self for the worst, and awaiting with a beat ing heart the arrival of the unwelcome guest. His first glimpse of Dr. Divine convinced him that he was the person whom he had encountered on the night of the child's death. His second rendered him.just as positive that he came with no evil intention. Very rubicund and smiling was the little doctor as he tiptoed into the room. His eyes glistened behind his green- glasses. His wig had been newly brushed and oiled, and his watch-chain and seals glistened as though they had been burnished for the occasion 'Sarvant, ma'am. Good morning, sir,' was the first salutation. ' Sorry to disturb you at breakfast. Never like to be dis turbed at breakfast myself--it interferes with digestion.' You do not disturb us, sir,' replied Ade line. ' Pray be seated.' ' Thank you,' replied the doctor, dropping into a seat. ' Thank you. I address Mrs. Meadows, I believe I' Adeline bowed her head in answer, and waited further communications. 'You own a little house not far from here I' continued the doctor. ' Serigna Cottage, I think they call it. The place has taken my fancy, and, in two words, are you willing to sell or to lease it ?' It would be hard to tell which of the two, Adeline or Hiram Winter was the most relieved by the doctor's prompt reve lation of his business. The latter involun tarily heaved a sigh, and Adeline smiled for the first time since the doctor's entrance. ' I cannot sell the cottage;' she replied, 'for I have resolved never to part with one rood of the estate. But if you should wish to hire it I should not dislike a tenant.' 'I'd rather buy it,' said the doctor. 'Couldn't you be persuaded 1 Cash down, you know.' Adeline shook her head. 'I consider the property my son's,' she answered; ' until he is of age Ishal act merely for him in all things, and shall pre serve the property entire.' ' Well, well,', said the little doctor, ' a good long lease will suit me well enough. I will give you the best of reference ; every body knows Dr. Divino-M.D., ma'am, not D.D.-a medical man, who has found his labours too arduous and has resolved to re tire into private life in consequence. The fact was, ma'am,' continued the doctor, lowering his voice to a confidential tone, ' I was too much disturbed at meal times-my constitution wouldn't bear it. You'll find me a punctual tenant, ma'am, and not a croublesome one. Ahem ! the terms, I sup pose, are-' ' My brother is my agent in all such mat ters of business,' interposed Adeline, waving her hand languidly toward Hiram. 'This is my brother-M-r. Winter, Dr. Divino Now, if you will excuse me, I will leave you to talk the matter over together,' and with these words Adeline left the apartment. Hiram, although by no means pleased at being thus directly brought under the doc tor's notice, could do no less than advance and act the part assigned. He took the seat which Adeline had vacated, and entered at once into a description of the cottage and the terms on which it was to be rented. In a few minutes Dr. Divine proposed a visit to the spot, and Hiram, convinced by this time that the doctor had no suspicion of the truth, made no objection. Putting on his hat, a glossy beaver of the curly brimmed, bell-crowned shape, then in vogue, he led the way across the orchard, by a short cut, toward the little dwelling. No busy housewife ever peered into pan tries and inspected cellars more rigorously than did the little doctor. He was charmed with everything. ' A small place, sir,' he said, ' but a very pretty one--and, bless me i what-do I want of a larger? My old houselceeper, old enough to be my grandmother, sir, and the cat and myself, are not a large family. The place suits me, and I am content to live here as long as the Lord allows me to live. Bless my heart i there couldn't be a quieter place to die in, either, when my time comes, though I meane to live as long as I can, for all that, ha ! ha ! ha !' As the doctor uttered these words he turned toward Hiram, to make sure that he appreciaited the force of the witticism, but stopped suddenly, with the broad grin dying out of his face and a puzzled expres sion slowly taking its place. Unconsciously Hiram Winter had assumed an old slouching position of his-one ac quired during his days of poverty and degradation, never to be got rid of while he dwelt on earth. It was not the position a gentleman usually adopts, but had much in it which we generally associate 'with the word 'loafer.' I can scarcely describe it, but in any corner grocery, or at the door of a tavern, you may see a dozen men in this position whenever you choose to look backs bowed, hands in their pockets, head protruded, turtle fashion, the feet and legs doing but half their duty, 'and "the back propped'against the blank wall or. post inan idle, hatless fashion, alhost incomprehen sible to an energetic man. Thus had Hiram stood on. the night of the child's death, as he waited for the doctor to don his hat and overcoat; and as he fell into the same position now a vague remem brance stole into the doctor's minid. 'Where have I ever seen you before I' he asked. 'I know you i I'm sure I know youn ! Where was it ?' Hiram shrugged his shoulders.. ' I cannot imagine,' le replied. 'I do not remember over having seen you before.' 'No, it can't be, said the doctor; ' I must be mistaken. The man I mean was as like yosu as two peas are like each other, but he was shabbily dressed and-ah h! I have it now ! It was a rainy night-a dark night anyhow---:ud he interrupted me at dinner to see his child. How like him you are as you stand there with your lhands in your pockets !' Hiram altered his position instantly. The baby was dead when I got there,' con tinued the doctor; 'aand the man gave me a terrible fright as I was coming home. Ahem, that is to say Ihe would have given me one if I had been easily alarmed. I fancy his brain was touched, poor fellow.' Hirami elevated hiseyebrowesuperciliously. 'So I resemble this low fellow 1' he said. Flattering, truly.' 'These accidental likenesses are odd things,' said the doctor, with a laugh 'Under other circumstances I should have taken you for the same person.' Hiram made no answer, but drawing forth his watch, consulted it. ' If you wish this business settled to-day,' he said, ' we shall have just time enough, I have an appointment at eleven o'clock itis now a quarter past ten.' He turned on his beel as he spoke, and the doctor followed, thinking : 'Ha! this rich man is offended by the hare supposition that he looks like some one else. He needn't be; he is no such beauty; and you wouldn't take him for a prince, either, much as he thinks of himself.' Half an hour passed in the library settled all the business necessary to the leasing of the cottage; and as the gate clanged to, Adeline Meadows, looking after him, as she played with her child in the sunlit nursery window, little guessed that fate had woven another mesh in the toll-gate mystery when she gave her Dr. Divine for a tenant. CIHAPTER XXIII. After the terrible excitement into which the tidings revealed by Oliver Meadows had thrown the young sailor had subsided, a change came upon the life of the" two in habitants of the desert island. Hitherto they had maintained bilence for hours; now they had long talks together, always on the same subject-the mysterious marriage at the toll-gate. All the love which Harry Harlowe had felt for his wife seemed to have changed into hate. He uttered his dark suspicions plainly and the mournful softness of his dark blue eyes had changed. for an angry, brooding glance, which boded no good to those he thought of. ' The false creature,' he said, one day, as he lay with Oliver upon the shore watching the sea and casting an eye now and then toward the fluttering signal- flag. ' She thought Jack Tar a fine subject--to practise on, no doubt, and let him out at the door as a rival came in at the window. And I was gulled, lad. I thought her the truest, prettiest creature on Long Island. Had the Albatross not been wrecked, I should have proclaimed our marriage upon my return. But now, if ever I get back to America, she shall rue the day she trifled with Harry Harlowe. I'll leave no stone unturned to fling her from her perch. 'Mistress of Meadows Hall,' indeed. Squire Meadows never married her of his own free will; he knew too much for that. There is a fraud somewhere, and Hiram Winter is at the bottom of it all.' 'Fraud or not,' said Oliver, ' unless the dead-can speak to us, we can never discover the truth. The marriage was performed, and the will signed by his own hand, 'unless the old minister, Jem Morragh and Hiram Winter are in league together, and are all forsworn.' ' What kind of a chap is the servant 1' ' A faithful fellow,' replied Oliver, ' there are no doubts of him.' 'Nor of the minister 1' ' None whatever. He is highly respected throughout the place.' 'Then the treachery lies with Hiram Winter and his sister,' said the sailor. ' It is an old well-digested plot, doubtless. He is capable of anything, and she is a mere tool in his hands. But then I trusted her. It makes me angry to think of it now; and the child-my child, Olive.--just as its false-hearted mother is my wife. My heart is sorer on that subjeecc than on any other.' It was late upon an autumn evening that they talked thus, and the moon arose and flung her white light over them as they lay upon the sand. The night was beautiful, and Oliver Meadows arose, and, standing close beside the water's edge, looked out upon the swelling waves. ' What a glorious picture the ocean is,' he said. ' But.for the knowledge that we are so far from human kind, it would be a very paradise. Harry-Harry Harlowe, don't lie there moping.. Jump up and tell me whether that dark spot on the water is a sail or not,' The sailor sprang up in an instant, and was soon watching with eager eyes the spot upon the horizon toward which Oliver pointed. ' It must be a sail,' he cried. ' I cannot.be mistaken. But it may pass out of sight in the night, and never come near enough to see our signal. I feel as though I should go mad, lad, prisoned here like a rat in a cage, with the means of escape so near, yet so un attainable Yonder is the first sail that I have seen since the Albatross went down the very first. If it pass by, I think it will kill me.' And so they watched together all that night, straining their eyes to see that speck upon the ocean-now fancying it nearer, now fearing that it had faded from their sight forever. Dawn broke at last, and still the sail was there, and as the day passed on it grow, seeming to rise from the ocean's breast, as they looked upon it.. Never did condemned men wait for a reprieve from death more anxiously than Oliver Meadows and Harry Harlowe waited the approach of this vessel. They neither slept nor ate; they scarcely left the shore, and more than once the tears rolled down the sailor's bronzed cheeks unbidden and unchecked. The boy, young as he was, was far calmer than the older man; but his heart beat, high with hope, and when, at length, the form of a noble vessel came in view, his ecstacy knew no bounds. ' They see our signal, Harry Harlowe,' he cried; ' they are coming to take us off. I told you so, and there you sit mute and miserable as though they had passed'us b' They haven't seen the signa- yit,' re plied the sailor ;'' God=-grant1. hey may; I shall be tempted to put an end to it all by plucging into yonder green waters if they pass us by.' ' But they'll never do that,' cried Oliver. 'See how our signal flutters to tle breeze, and now -yes, I'm sure they see it.' ' I wish we had a glass,' cried the sailor, ' we could be sure then; but I think you are right, lad. They see the signal, but do they understand it?' A few hours more of terrible anxiety and his doubts were solved. They could see the faces of the oarsmen now, cheery sailor faces, with good will to the ship-wrecked men written on them, and in a few moments the boat touched the shore, and one of the men sprang out with a jovial 'Hallo, my hearties. Cast away here in the middle of the sea, hey I Cheer up; we'll have you aboard the Mary Jane in a twinkling.' And the two who had watched the sea so long from their lonely island felt that they were amongst friends. TO tE CONTINrJED. Paris is interested idl the appearance of a now musical prodigy, a Spanish child only 84 years old, who has marvellous natural gifts. His name is Pepito Rodrigues Ariola. A year ago his mother stopped paying some classical music, shut the piano, and had gone into the next room, when she was startled to hear the piano apparently reproducing the pieces she had just been nlaying. Her astonishment may be conceived when she found her little Pepito in his frock and long curls seated at the piano and playing from memory, with very few mis takes, the "iece he had just heard. In the twelve montlm that have elapsed since the wonderful outbreak of his genius he has made incredible progress, though absolutely declin imtg to receive lessons, 