AN ECCLESIATICAL STORM. An ecclesiastical storm or the first vio Ience ds raging in Australiao.over the ser mon of Dr. Redwood, R.C. Archbishop of Wellington, N.Z., at St. Mary's, Sydney, on the Ilth instant The servlce was at tended by many leading Church of England people, including three Governors and' other exalted Protestants, and next day tile papers reported the preacher's address, as containing this choice item:-' "The leaders and founders of Protestant ismn, Luther, Calvin, Zwinglius, &e.;, were notorious for their vices. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live In a stite of pitiful abjection and con tempt; the-'receive little or no considera tion or respect from the people, and they neither spread nor fulfil the Gospel teach ing. Among Protestants the most effectual seans of satisfaction have disappeared abstinence, fasting, mortification, confes sion, communion, &e.;, &c.; Both the Greek schism and Protestantism have rather ob structed than promoted true civillsatlon. The first has brought despotism upon the East, the second covered Europe with blood and ruins in the sixteenth century, and DR. REDWOOD, R.C. Archbishop of Wellington, N.Z. has ever since been the helper and instru ment of the worst foes of Christianity. It desecrated the htome, it polluted the nup tial bed, it lowered the dignity of woman hooeed, it devastated the school, and stopped the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek schtsmatics have shown that the action 'of the Holy Ghost is with them." Immediately on this being made public, the Evangelical Council in Sydney met, and carried resolutions condemnatory of the passage, and censuring Lord Beau champ for having, as Ithe representative of the Queen, attended Mass, and listened to such an attack on his Faith. Then the preacher was interviewed, and in his ex planation he stated that the words com plained of were never used, that (1) he wrote the sermon in N.Z.; (2) "cut" this and other objectianable passages when he learned of who were to be present; and (3) I gave the original sermon to the reporters, so that they would publish it in full. To this the general reply is as follows: (1) The press if it heard the sermon published what it knew to be. a false re port. If t didn't hear it, then it had no right to take a written document which contained matter attacking other denomin alons. Under all such circumstances a document becomes an ex parte state ment. (2) The press having published the do cument as a true and faithful report, the public could hardly be blamed for accept ing it as genuine, and teat the author de sired this is shown by his explanation he didn't think it necessary to eliminate any of the offensive passages in the procfs. (3) The Archbishop, if he didn't believe the attacks to be justified, had no excuse for writing them in N.Z. If he wrote them believing them to be true, he had no right, as a fearless and truthful preacher, to "cut" them in his sermon. If having some late scruple he did "cut" them, he had no right to let them go'to the public news papers, whein the verdict could only be one thing-either that thielpreacher made an attack on Protesntlasti in the presence of the Protestant Governor, which the latter should not have listened to, or that, being desirous of making such at attack, he had recourse .to a trick, giving as a true re port In the papers what he. shrank from giving from the pulpit, and leadi?g the public to suppose that he, the preacher, showed an openness that was not appar ent, and the Governor a corresponding lack of dignity In submitting to an insult, which expediency forbade. That is how "the ecelesiastical storm" strikes the majority iof people in that part of it coming under the heading of "fact." The prese?nes of the Governor at Mass, and the truth or falslty of the charges made against Protestantism may be left undis cussed by the present writer as a mere ooatter of "opinion." 