UNDERGROUND TOWN OP CHAMPAGNE. It is highly probable that had chain* pagne been Jsnawa in the time of Shake spear&,tho iuiiuorttvl bivrd would not liavo permitted Cussio to stigmatise the in« visible spirit oi! /Wiae u^ a devil, though in tho days cm good' Queen Bcsb there were, no doubt, wines which produced even .worao niornings tluui the l!u!L bodied ports and liery aliumes so belov ed by our foi'efatliere. Tlie worthy folk ol! the last contury .who soorued claret because it was a wiiw which did not enable the consumer, in the words of the old farmer, 'to get uuy forrader,' would in all probability have despised tlie pale, yellow fluid which Talleyrand called the vin civilifrateiu' pm excellence. If tho vineyards of the Cyprus commandery produce tho strongest wine, those which tiourtoh in tho law hills of that depart ment of JPrance thraugh which the iiarne tranquilly IIowh iurnisli the most popular. Mankind no sooner discovered that the luscious invention at' Don Perig uon, who, of a-certainty, must have been a better cellarniau than a monk, pos seBsed the truly divine power of trans forming th& anxious, oare--laden citizen into a lig-ht-heai-ted, brilliant creature, merry of speech, sunny in aspect, and sparkling of eye, than they straight way accorded it such favor that to-day the power of champagne rivals that of stateomon and kinga. If the press ia the fourth estate, then of a- surety cham pagne ia the fifth. No social function is complete without it, it oils the wheels of diplomacy, and knots which reason fail to loosen champagne se.vers '.with ease. Indeed, so great w the demand, that 'W ,000 acres in the vicinity of the river Murne are given up to the cultivation of the vine. As tlie average production is twenty-one million gallons (the saleB to thiB country alone exceeding twenty million bottles a year), the wine trade is gradually altering the aspect of the country. Tlie quaint ai'clnteoturo and wumbl ing houBes of Epemay, the ltoman antiquities and grand old cathe dral of HheiniB, enable those towns to retain their old- world air. But their belated survivals exist only on suffer ance. They are not in the way, more over, for the real towns of Champagne are underground, bustling, busy places, where the ohief business of the industry is carried on. These subterranean cities are of vast extent, because cham pagne, although a product of nature, in dependent on man for the development of those qualities which have ,won it the favor it enjoys. It is also coy, for after leaving tlie sun-kissed vines, the raw wine so shuns the light of day that col lars, at once dark and cool, ave necessary for its transformation into Champagne with foaming whirls As white «a Cleopatra's pearls. These underground townB have widen ed and spread aa tlie popularity of the wine hae grown. The growers have even taken to tunnelling at Ay, a little village nestling between the vine- clad slopes and the Mar,ne canal .... Underground Champagne shudders at the mere mention of champagne being mixed with ice or ice-water, and declares that its flavor is injured- if it is cooled beloAV a temperature of OOdog. Under ground .Champagne has, needless to say, its grievances. It is apt to revile nature for not providing really bountiful vin tages oftener than once in four or live years. En the opinion of the cellars, the vintage of 1899 was of fine quality, but not over-abundant. When the ladies and gentlemen of the lower regions (Champagne) dine sumptuously, they prefer champagne early in the repast, not because they like it, but because champagne, they say, is the parent of it good appetite. *- Tlie British working man, with hie short hours of work, would probably not earo for a job in underground Cham pngne, Day after day the work-people leave for elavon or twelve hours the outer world to discharge duties which, if not heavy, must be joxtranoly monotonous. One intelligent old Frenchman assured me, when) I vifiited Rhoimn, that ho had worked below jiigh upon forty-live years. His duties consisted in shaking the bottles to dislodge the sediment. Hav ing stated tliat ho had shaken fifty bottles a minute during a working day 0? twelve hours for these forty-five years, ho asked me to calculate for hiia how many bottles he had shaken. I con sidered for a moment, and then incon tinently .took to my lieelft. Under ground Champagne may produce good wine, but it aeems to amir the disposi tions of those who tend it. I found most of the inhabitants taciturn, not to say misanthropical. In one cellar at Epernay I came across an old man who assured me that the place was filled with ghosts and goblins. If the cellar folk drank the wine they might be more light-hearted. I believe the favorite beverage of underground Champagne is spirit; strength preferred to quality, The popularity of Ay champagne has made but little dif¥orence«to the village itself. The little place is as primitive as ever, but a regular subterranean city is growing up right underneath tho vine yards. Ayala and Co., Mlingera, Dummy and Co.. Le Duo de Montebello And Dents and Geldevmunn have their cellaro at Ay. Tlie latter firm have ex cavutod to suoh purpose that thoir under ground town in able to store eight mil lion bottle*. The moment adv tfiliift begins to de velop any undue proportion of efferves cence, its pombattvouess is reduced by transference to a temperature only slightly above freezing. 