SIDNEY SIDELIGHTS. ? ^ ? 'Look here upon 4his picture and on -tMs.' (By 'Vandorian.') The Hunt Club Steeplechase took place over the Randwick course on Saturday last. This recalls a story of mistaken identity. During the last eight-hour procession past Hyde Park, an old resident — of the park — exclaimed, ' 'Ullo, 'ere's the Sydney 'Unt Club!' But-it wasn't Tt was Fitzgerald's Circus, who were taking part in the celebrations. 'The Sydney 'Unt .Club don't 'unt a elephant, do they, stoopid?' replies his neighbor, for the elephant preceded the circus riders, who wore pink. 'Wot! ain't a elephant a drag—' drags 'is feet along, don't 'e?' 'Ho! you don't know any think,' says the old resident. 'A drag ain't got no feet! It's a kerridge on wheels, an' they takes it to the country full o' toffs an' 'unts 'em. That's ? why they calls it a 'TJnt Club!' ? Now, on Saturday, instead of taking the circus for the Hunt Club, the ambulance Horse at Rand wick mistook the Hunt Club for a cirpis, and rac ed about the flat (followed by the ambulance), in the hopes of a 'pick up.' For, in his horsey taind, he expected that something would be broken ?*-if it were only a stone wail! i The Hunt Club Steeplechase was one of the events of the day for the ladies present. The ei rocco (for it was a very high class wind) was another. Paces were worn in mufti and gossa mer veils; muslin skirts were worn round the waist or over the back of the head — please ex cuse further details. A personal reminiscence is always a bore, and mine is no exception. It was a muslin skirt and I wore it round ,my neck. Left early! 'Daisy Bell' (with the perfidy of her sex) seem ed inclined to throw Mr. Erie Terry over. She wanted things all' her own way — her own way was round the fence instead of over. Got her own way. And the end of it all was that Mr. MackellaTs Taipo won the Cup — the Hunt Club Cup. And the middle of it (the race) was this. Toung Highlander (Mr. J. J. 'Garvan's hunter) jumped so cleverly, and put his best foot (with a white stocking on it) to the ground with such style and spirit that he looked like a winner. So did Mr. P. J. Meagher, his rader. He came in third, with the flush of victory and a well ridden .race, and received many congratulations, while Young High lander yawned, and showed his teeth to admiring friends. Mr. H. Cooper, on his hunter Reeves, wore the pink coat of a blameless career across country, and amongst the friends of members or owners of horses in the Hunt Club Steeplechase present were Mr. Edward Terry, Mr. George Terry (mas ter), Mr. J. J. Garvan (heavy weight), Mr. D. Garvan, Mrs. Garvan, Mrs. Kenna, Mrs. Leonard Dodds, Miss Rouse, Mr. and Mrs. Merrivale, Miss Merrivale, and Mr. Stuart Mason. Miss Elsie Hall made her last appearance for some time in a 'Rhapsody;' and the audience in the Centenary Hall on Saturday night, at her fare well concert, shared the rhapsody as she played it, and the regret as she finished. For them it was not 'No. 6,' but 'adieu.' 'A Waltz in D' was anything but flat. Two clever musicians (Miss Hall and Dr. Ennis), one waltz, two pianos; one soul with but a single beat (trois temps?), two brilliant performances, and one question. This was the question: 'Ma!' said little mis^, at the last chord (and let no printer's error call it lost chord!), 'What is he doctor of?' 'Of music, my dear.' 'Oh, is he the kind rnan who makes sick music better?' j The Vice-regal seats formed -a horseshoe, with liM? Excellency the Governor in the centre for luck, though a front seat in the first balcony was better luck — itjwas much cooler. 'Is it hot enough?' Now. Mr. George Taylor put this question to the audience by the mouth of a familiar spirit (it might be his* familiar spirit, ours, yours, or theirs) whom he sketched with 'an ease that spoke of long acquaintanceship — Mephistopheles! By his (not Mr. Taylor's) horns we knew him; by the lurid glow of Irs flesh tints, and bv the liberal manner in which he showed the whites of his eyes, and a vicious propensity to squint at a harmless old gentleman near the front. 'Is it hot enough?' 'By Jingo, ! it's old Nick!' and some one, who seems to re^ cognise the sketch as the likeness of an intimate friend, leads the gallery in its reply — carried by acclamation! It was quite hot enough on Sat urday. 'Oh, for some new found name by which to call her,' sings Mr. Wolinski, who is still open to a suggestion. 'A rose in bloom'(ers) might have done, but Mr. Taylor wanted this as a pet name for his sketch of a 'no-nonsense-about-nie' female on a bicycle. The balcony scene at the Centenary Hall was really good. Ladies with spinal columns, like strings of nutmegs, and gentlemen who had nothing but heads, and in consequence walked about on their necks, appeared below. The lat ter was not so remarkable a phenomenon as it appeared at first sight— it was only a screen scene. These performers really had bodies, and were — from a balcony point of view — only cut off without a limb) by a tall screen. Mr. Laurence Campbell made his first appear ance (screen scene) with nothing but a head. And it walked about with the other heads, and seemed quite pleased to be present. Then he disappeared (probably to find his body), suddenly re- appeared on the platform, in company with a chair, and told us what good- music ought to be. 'Rubenstein's playing' seems to have been quite up to the mark (high water demi-semi-quaver mark), and so was Mr. Campbell's recitation. In order to depreciate any boom in balcony seats at the Centenary Hall, you must know that they have disadvantages. You must stand to see* in the back row, and you may be sub-divided from your dearest friend by a wooden barrier. Where' is the Centenary Hall always a church? In its pews. These are in the balcony, and the interval for conversation on Saturday evening was more than filled. The back rows discussed the best 'way out' in the event of sudden fire. They decided to jump over the front row (at which we, the F.R., became indignant), and form a living chain till they reached the reserved heads below. (N.B. — Escapees decided not to ask per mission of the reserved heads for this way out.) ' Can speaking at a dog show come under the head of a social amusement? Mr. Edward Terry addressed the Federal Dogs at 3 p.m. last Friday. They seemed to enjoy it, and responded with loud applause. One or two (only) were observed in a deep sleep. A knowing dog (just opposite the opening pen, which was a wooden railing:) winked i incessantly, and the rest lifted up their voices and rejoiced. * Mr. Court Rice's Federal Dog Show, in the old Exhibition Building, contained many handsome dogs on the chain. But it was rather unkind (to the public legs) of Mr. .Court Rice to mark the occupant of the box office 'dangerous — and not put him on the chain! The public took its con fiding legs to the ticket window, saw the placard 'dangerous,' thought of hydrophobia, puts its shilling down, ^.nd went hurriedly to the Federal Doss — not yet let- loose! \- Colonel and Mrs. Roberts gave a garden party at Greenoakes, Darling Point, on Thursday last, at which the ? fair in muslins and the brave in morning costume (top hats and other garments) assembled, to the strains of the R.A.A. Band. His Excellency the Governor intends leaving Sydney on November 3. Mr. Perceval Landon (lately war correspondent for the 'Times' during the African war) goes' with Lord Beauchamp. The tour includes many ports of call. Mr. Landon mentions New Guinea, Thursday Island, Port Darwin, Manila, Hongkong, Singapore, Java^ j and India. In Madras Lord Beauchamp will be | the guest of his sister, Lady Ampthill, whose husband, Lord Ampthill, -his justbeen appointed Governor of Madras. Lord Ampthill (recently secretary to Mr. Chamberlain) has . now gone where all feood men wish to go — if they \7ant to serve their country — to India. It leads some times to a Viceroyship — sometimes to ship home and a liver! Mr. Longstaff's portrait of Sir Frederick Barley. In painting this picture the artist had a subject worthy of his brush. If there be one thing (be sides our harbor) which Sydney will refuse to share with any other colony, it is this— its Chief j Justice. He might, naturally, object to being : distributed (in equal parts) among the peoples of ; Federated Australia. But we cannot afford even j to lend him — he is our own chief representative j of Justice in Equity. And he looks it. May his ; Honor's shadow — a thing of portly presence — never grow less! And may every tangled cord which ties with pink tape the intricacies of Clip per versus Snipper, long continue to be cut by the firm hand of this Justice in Equity! At a private view, Sir Frederick's portrait stood on the floor of Mr. Longstaff s studio. The can vas is about eight feet in length, and the figure life size. It is a noble portrait of a handsome man. The vivid crimson robes bordered with er mine, the white wig, the table with its two heavy books (ponderous symbols of the weighty law), and the shadowy background with its dark crim son curtain — all this suggests the mighty majesty of Equity. Behind the curtain (of the law) lurk the costs — ghostly figures of L.S.D., on spindle legs that wear away to nothing as they pay for Equity! The face is lifelike in expression. And the car pet on which Sir Frederick stands — in his canvas ! — looks dusty, as if the weary feet of many wit nesses (who were tying their heads in technical . knots) had passed over it. . No housemaid — un- : acquainted with the natural condition of courts in which musty and fusty unceasingly rhyme . with dusty — could resist flicking at that carpet. . Such is the painter's cunning craft! ,- Over the studio mantelpiece another face— in ' shadowy profile — is apparently looking into the : corner. This is a portrait of Longstaff, by Long staff. It is a very good but not flattering like- I ness of the artist by himself. | Sydney Diocesan Festival. The Town Hall was the scene of this gathering last night. His Ex cellency the Governor took the chair, and made two distinct attempts to take his seat. It happened something like this: Time, 8 p.m. Mr. Massey, at the organ, was in D minor (Ba tiste's 'Grand Offertoire'), and continued in D minor until the Governor was more than three parts of the way up the centre passage. This gave the choir boys on the platform no fair start with '-God 'Save the Queen.' They had three verses to sing, and each time the Governor or anyone else tried to sit down, they started another stanza — 'Confound their politics, frustrate their knavish tricks.' After the Governor came the Archbishop, after ?the Archbishop came the clergy, in a long pro cession. It was like watching the old hundredth in single file march to the'music of 'God Save the Queen,' which sang them to their seats on the platform. The Town Hall has broken out in new carpets, trestles, ladders, and scaffolds. Summary execu tion of the Bubonic rat may be expected to take place in the clock gallery (where one scaffold ia erected),- if he should show the 'ghost of a whis ker' near any ne-w bylaw enacted against him. How to encourage keener interest. in Church work? This was ably answered by his Excel lency in two words — 'More curates.' The curates were disguised in many well rounded periods in the Governor's speech, but there they were, like ecclesiastical shadows, haunting the diocesan festival. And nothing could exceed the delicacy with which .this sug gestion was made. Even two curates to each parish was hinted at as an additional luxury. And young ladies may look forward to an increased supply in the curate business, the demand being very heavy in the colonial market. Sir William Lyne, Lady Harris, Mrs. Thomp son, Miss Harris (Littlebridge), Mr. and Mrs. Wilfred Docker, Ministers of the Crown, and ministers who asked — in effect — for half-crowns for the Church Society, made a goodly gathering in the Town Hall last night. 