MOeiME'S .-BEVENGL CHAPTEH VIII. "Whilo Mr Thorndyko, with his hat pulled low over his brows, walked home to tho obscure hotel at which he chose to stop, Noriuo was up in her room alone with her tumultuous heart. She had complained of a head acbo and gone .it once. The plea was not Altogether false. Her brain was whirling, her heart throbbing in a wild tumult—half terror, half delirious delight. JJo had come back to hur—he loved her—" hhc wats going to be his—his wife ! 3?or over an Lour she sat, hiding even in tho dusk her happy, flushed face in her bandp, with only this ono thought pulsing through all her being—she was to be hfy wife ' Hy and by she grew calm and ablo to think. Xo thought of going to bed or doing :i:;yiii;ng to common place as -vice!) occurred io her. Sho wrapped herself i:i a shawl, scaled herself by tho window, and so for hcurs and hours s.~.t motionless. And bo when dawii camp, gray .iud over . cast, it still found her. I>£oon and stars had waned—the night had sHppcJ by like a swift dream—and facing tl:o clear light of the new day, she couid a*k herself at last what was it sho was about to do? ~\\\ r as love worth all ehe was about to give up for it—home, friends, a good man's trust, her own soul's truth and honor ? Was Liurence Thorndyko worth more to all the world beside—more t!<an the peace of her own conscience? Richard Gilbert loved her, honored her, trusted her; she had taken his gifts—she had promised to be bis wife. This very day dawning yonder over tho bills of uVEaino would see him here to claim her as bis own forever. And ?was one sight of Laurence Thorn dyke's face, ono touch of bis hand, one seductive tone of his voice, suffi cient to make her fliug honor and truth to the winds, desert her best— her only friends, break her plighted. husband's heart, and make her memory a shame ?.u<l a pain to them ail for ever ? Oh, what a wretch she w-as—what a cruel, selfish passion this love she felt must be ! Tbo snn rose np between tho fleecy clouds, filling the world with jubilant brightness ; the sweet scents of son rise perfumed the warm air.' 2forine threw up her window and leaned out, worn and fevered with her night's vigil. . That meeting under the trees seemed along way oft now —it was as if she had lived years in a few brief hours. Presently there.?wae!;j a rap at tho door, and Aunt Hetty'a voice outside spoke. . ' Are you np, ".'?Jforry ? Is your \- headache better, dear ?* . ? ' Much better, auntie ; I'll bo down directly. , : ' Breakfast will be ready in ten minutes,' eaid auntie. ' ?? ?. And.Jforine got wearily up, and bathed her face, brushed out her tangled curls, shrinking guiltily from her own pallid face'in the glass. \- 'How wretchedly haggard I loofe,' bhe' thought, drearily. 'If he sa* mc now !* She went downstairs. Aunt Hetty nearly dropped the swreet-smelling plate of hot mufiln3 at sight of her. 'You're whiter than a ghost, child!* she cried. ' Xou told . mc you were better.' 'I am tetter, auntie. Oh, .pray don't mind lay looks, last night's headache lias made, mc pale. - I shall be weil as ever after breakfast.' . But breakfast was only a pretence as far as she was concerned, and the d=7 5."., sad the Fair yonng face kept its pallid, startled look. She could do' no nothing—could neither read nor sevr. She wandered about the honso like a restless spirit,* only shrinking from that Bluebeard's chamber where all the wedding finery ?was spread. How was she to meet Mr Gilbert ? And the fleeting hours ?were hurrying one after the other as hours never bad hurried before, The afternoon snn dropped low—tho noises in the fields grew more and more subdued —the cool evening wind swept up from the distent sea. Sorine sat in the wicker chair ia the garden, | under the old sppJe tree, and waited— j waited as a tlcoinecl prisoner might the coming of the esecut:ouer. A book lay idia on her lap; sho could not , read. Sho £a; there waiting—wailing, j and schcclizig herself for Xhs crueal.* i Prescnt'iv, i:,i~ cf?~ in the whits road ! rose up a cloud of dvzst ; there cuice j the rolling cf v.h&cii;—i-Lo ciraga; c. \ giinspse of a carriage. Sho clasped j her hands over her heart, n:id strove j to steady herself. At last it was ho ' j Out of the dusr.y cloud canie a car- j riage whirling nipilir an to the gatt— ? out, of the carriage cumo Ihchard I Gilbert, L:s eager :ur;. c-u. towards i her. His ouic'.c eyo hza caught her. i She rose up to mes: him, vsibi hi the j very depth of ckspc-i-aiicj!. I>lv Gilbert ; sprang out, a.ii'l colli a-jr huLiJs , in his, f ' luy eta:-, clcur girl.' n:y ov/ii j ! ho-.v glad 1 ai-i to be with you j once more : JJut hoy/ vvAq you look. ; Have you been ill ?' . j * Oh, no—that is, only my old friend ; headache. ll'jio come Aunt Hetty j and. Uncle to v.-cicoaio you.' j She drey thuuhful for nr.y j diversion, fceiir-g hot ::vnl cold by s turns, and not during to meet his eye. j Their iaaghisi-, ihtii* gay gi-.-etings. j were only a. ccr.fu?£d hum in r.c-r oars. She ?.vas"lcs:ii::g at liio ciuinp of hem locks, and fecuog—on, -?uc;h c laise, j treacherous, cr/.:aure '. \ ' How d-.'-zid you luo ; :, IjcUe girl,' ! her happy lovi-v said, la.::gh:;iij._ i '-* ll i a 1 such an ogre, -.hen, Jn your sighfr . He drew her h;u;<i bciituth his arm with the air of oi:e who assumes ?<>.. right, and led her to the house. They ?were alono tegc-ther in the parlour, and she was trying to call her v.-jiudsr ing mind to order, and listen to him and answer bis questions. She could see with terror that he was watching her already with grave, troubled eyes. What was it—this pule, still change in her ? Dread of her approaching marriage—maiden timidity—or, worst, of all, was the thought of ' the youth who smiled aiid who rodo :i\vi:y' haunting her still'? Tea time came, and was a relief; and aftor tea Mr Gilbert proposed a walk. Norine took her hat passively, and went with him into the hashed and placid twilight. The pale prim rose light was fading out of the western sky, and a rising wind was tossing {ho arms of the hemlocks where sho had stood with another lover last night. Changes in earth and sky told of coming .storm ; but no change in the pensive, drooping face beside him had tongue to teli liichard Gilbert, wise man and lawyer, that this night was to shinwreel; all the sweetest hopes of his life. It was a very silent walk. They strolled along the lonesome road, with tho primrose light growing grayer and grayer—through the velvety meadows where the quiet cows grazed. Some tiling vi tho dark shadows deepening around them sei-oscd to steal into the man's heart, and dull it with nameless dread; but there waa no voice in Ihe rising wind, in the whispering tree."-, in tho creeping gloo:u, to tell h:in of what was so near. A very sJer-.t walk —the last they would ever take. T.':'_? littlo talking done Mr Gilbert did himself. He told her all his preparations for his bride —all his arrangements for her comfort wero made. Their home in Jfcw York's stateliest avenue was ready and waiting- Their wedding tour would be to Montreal and Nia gara, unless Norino bad souio othsr choice. Uut she would bo glad to see once more tho quaint, gray, dear old Canadian town, would she not? ' Yes, Bhe would ever be glad to see Montreal. Iso, sho had no other choice. . She shiverrd as she said it, looking far oS with blank ryes that dared not meet his. ' Niagara would do very well —all places were aliko to her. It was growing cold and dark , t —abruptly this—' euppose they went home.' 'Something ia her lone nnd manner, "In her wantof interest and enthusiasm, hart him. More silently than they had come they reerossed tho darkening fields. The moon was rising ps they dr'e* near the house, rending its way j op through dark aud jagged clouds. Sh'b paused suddenly for a moment, '?with her paleface turned toward it. :iSx-l Gilbert too, looking at the lowering.clouds, - * listen to the ftind,' he said. 'We will have a change to-morrow.' 'A change!* she said, in a hushed sort of voice. * Yes, the storm is Verynear.* ... 'And you are shivering in this raw night wind. Ton are white and cold as a spirit, my darling. Come, let us ' go in!.* -:???? Hia baggage had arrived —a trnnk anil Tahse stood in the hall aa] they entered. The sister and brothers sat in holiday attire in the keeping rcom, but very grave and quiet. The sha dow that bad fallen on Kicliard. Gil bert in the twilight fi-Jda seemed to have fallen here, tco. iNoriuo sat at tb.3 piano, her iace turned away from the light, a::d j played the "iaelcdies he asked for. | From these she drifted gradually into j mu3:c more in accordance with her mood, playing- in a mournful minor key, until Mr Gilbert could endure tho saddening sweetness no longer. * Your music is rery melancholy, j n?y dear,* he said, quietly. " J you not sing us something instead : j '.3fot to-night, 1 think. I Scd my j headache has not altogether departed, j 1£ you will kindly escus-3 :r.?, I w:ll j -retire.' I She rose as she spoke, lit a .am?, j and with"a brief gccd-n:g:.i was gone, j : It was act yot 10 o'clock, but there . was little jadu=e=jer.t to :inger sow. I Mr Gilbert owned to being rather fatigued, took his light, asd departed. Eeforo half-past 10 ail rrers in the:r j rooms, tlio coor3 and windows se cured for tho night. By 11 all wers i as ! eeo —i;Il saxg cue. j Xorir.e. sat by her window, her j ]. : "-ht sh-.t'ie'.i, her watch (one of j ItTcuard Gilburi'a presents to h:s brMe-elcct) open, before her, gazing out into the gusty darkness s , and I wailing. Her hands were tightly ' clasped together, silent, tearless sob 3 I sbook her at times as remorse swept '? through, and yet not for or.c minute I did she th::ik! oc withurawk:<? from ; her tryst. 13ut she v.-ouid not liy v.-;th ! Laurence Thorr.dyke—no, no] Every I best irapuisc within her cried out sho '? would not, she could not- She was a ! wretch for even thinking of it-—a wretch for go:ag to this meeting ; but .she- would only go to 3ay farewell for ever- "ha loved him, but sho be longed to another rr:an ; it would be belter to tlio than betray him. She would bid Lauie:ice 'Thcrnuyke go a::d i;?vsr see ::er more. __ j Tho tiireateiiiiig s;orm sesmea dravnr:g very near. The moon was j half obscured in dense clouds; the j wir.d tore round the gables ; the tree;; . tosred tr.c-ir Ions: green arms wildly j r.'oit. 'Within the house profoundest : silenced, reigned. j Halt-past eleven !' the hour of tryst; ? she seemed to count the rnorrents by l"ie dull beating of her heart. She rose TO , extinguished her lamp, put on a j waterproof, drawing the head over her l--'-ad,"took her slippers in her hand, j and cancel the uocr. She paused and I'stencd, half clicked hy the loud throb ) 7? of her heart, by guilty, nameless diead. All was still —no sound hut tho surging of the tcees without; no "limrner of light from any room. She stole on tiptoe along the passage, down the stairs, and into the lower hall, Noiselessly sbe unlocked the door. opened it, and "was out in tho windy dark, umlor the glcoin of the trees. Ono second's panso, her breath coniinc; in frightened gasps, then she was flit tiny away in the. chili night, wind to meet her lover. She readied i!:e gr.lc, leaned over it eagerly, t:trai:iint; her eye:; through the gloom. ' Laurence !' she said, iv ;i trc.in-alnr.s whisper. 'Laurence, JLaurtncs, I have come !' ' My own brave little girl !'? A tall figure stepped forward from beneath n. tree, two warm hniuis clapped hers, a beloved voico ppolxe, a moustache swept her check. ' you're n trump, by Jove : Couie out at once. All is re.".dj*. You aiuet fly with rao to-night.' Hut she shrank back—shocked, terrified, yet longing withall her scu! to obey. ' jSo, no ?' sho cried. ' I c.-.a never 'go—never! never! nover! Oh, Laur ence ! 1 have come here to bid you good b3 - o for ever!' His answer was to laugh aloud. His faco was flushed, his blue syes gleaming—Mr Laurence Thorndyko, hold enough at all times, had primed himself with brandy for to-night's dastardly work, until ha was ready, to face and defy geds r".nd men. ?' (xood-bvo for ever.' , he repeated. 'Tec, that's no 3i::c:y, my darling. Cntno out here, JXurr", coino out. I've no notion of talking v.ith r. five barred gate between i:s. So oh\ Gilbert ci-.nie' i!o*vrs io his wedding this afternoon, diun't he? 3y Jove! there'll be iio end of a row io-inorrow, when tho c.-.go is opsned and the bird found Howii.' For a iti !oro un;J a clnstnril in vrar "Was to v.-fd t ho fnir lillt-a of yo:iE sj Loch invar ilo laughsd rec!;lc;slv aloud, sing ing as he opened tha gAts nuu Jrav. her out. * Xot if I kaorr it. I'Tcrry. I!\o drj as-dust, grita, solcm:i owl of a law~er for my little Canadian rosebud, as old and priggish as he i?. 2io, no, we'll change all that. Before morning dawns you and I will bo safely in Boston, and beforo night falls you'll be aiy blessed ]itt!o r.ngel of n w:fo— the lorelicefc br:;lo frara Zsl.iiiie to Plorida, X :ho ir.ost bli.-;f-j;i cf bridegrosras '. All u-. readr—here aro my horsD and trap—tho np train Jea*?es in an nour one txis?, n?v one last look at the dull old circle that has shut my pearl of price from the world so ioag, and then let thrm catcii us who can !* Either the excitement or hi? triumph, tho French brandy, love, or something, bad set Jlr Laurence Thorndyke half wild. lie drew her with him, lhis am: er.circh.-ig nor waist, heedless of her struggle?, her passionate protest. 'Can't go? Oh, tbai'n all bo?h,uiv darling ; you've got to come. I 3ore you, and you lore me—sounds like a child's valentine, don't it?—and you don't care for thst old Dick Gilbert. No clothes? Oh, hang tha clothes; there's lota in Boston. Xou don't want to break my heart, JNorine, do yon? If yon don't come I'll shoot myself before morning. I swear I will. Xou don't vrant mc to eboot myself, do you? I can't lire without you, Norry, and I don't mean to try. After we'ro married, and iho honey moon's over, I'll bring -yoa back to the old folhs—'pen my sacred honour I wil*. 2Cot a word now, my little angel—l won't listsn. Or course you've scruples and all that—l think the more of you for them—but you'll thacs mo for not listening one day. Here's the carriage ; get iv—get in— get in!' Ha fairly !i£ted her in :is he spoke. Stunned, terr:fiod, beivildered, the poor ch::d struggle! in va?a. lie only i-.ughsd a'oud, !::s3Dd her vs hsiaFntJT, caught up tho rein?, r.ed hori-3, a spirited ono, darted forward frigiiier.ed screr.ra. ' Oh, Lr.urS"C2, let rao go ?' A wild drowr.ed it — taev flow over tbo ground li'sz the '.Tind. ZN"or:r-2 '? was gorie, his estiltanl singing mingled with :he crash of thu wheels as they disappeared. * She £s vron— they nra goae over bu.sh, ana fenr; Ther'il h:ivo i-oet steads Hint fullo'v/ ; q::ota youujr X.ooii:avar. 