IetecYive sketches, ; HY SANDY SHARP THE FAMOUS GLASGOW EX-D ETECT1V E. THE MINISTERS DISAPPEARANCE. V Weill Maggie, is there anything new in tbe village siuco I was here last year ? Many mar ?tiag-;s? 1 suppose old Elspolh Murcbison ia still'living !' ' ' ' Ha, hi, Sandy 1 I have hoard yon say that only .women oak so many questions at onco. ?j.Letme see; is there anything now in the vill , 'age P Yea, we have got a now minister, anil most of the unmarried women folic of Colmonoll tro more or less in lovo with bim.' ' I- rr1inn#»rl alvlv ttfc mv cousin nn nhn «»td thu. but there was Dot the ghost of a blush on her pretty face. Tho minister's charms had fuiled ( ? fb influence hor.;. . . . . You are one of the exceptions, I suppose ?' ' ; ' There has bean only ono wedding here sinoe last summer, and old Hlspeth is expecting her 1 usual present ; have you remembered her 1 . ynuff ; -.' Yes, Maggie ; but about the minister— you ' _ .don'l ltkq him, I fanoy ?' , . 1 ?? No, Saudy, I don't ; but why, I .really can ? not tell you. Ho is a good-looking man, preaches r a paRsable sermon, and is a great favourite at x .the Rail.'1 ' ? ' Yes— there are. four- marriageable girls there,'! temarked; ' But whence your anti pathy P' . '' * : v 'Seriously, Sandy, I don't know how to ex plain it. I have heard it said that some sptcies V of snakes. exercise a sort of fascination mingled f/ith dread,. upon those who came within reach _ _of their terrible powers. And every time I am . is the company of the minister I am full of a Btrango feeling' that there is something wroBg about him, and that his life is a lie — a sheer \- : 'aypocrlsy. Have you ever experienced a similtr ' .; fciud of feeling towards anyone yon have met ?' u i ? . 'Well, no, Maggie; I;c»nnot saythat'l t'.sve. ?? But we detectives are so often brought' into contact with shady characters of all des criptions that I scarcely think I should be 'so strongly impressed as you seem to be by the ' minister. You must introduce me.' ' There will be no used ; as Boon as be knows there is a stranger here he will probably come and introduce himself in his own origiuaLand 'mmitable fashion.'' For aevernl years in succession Mrs. Sharp and 2 had agreed to take our summer holiday separ ' Gtely the fact being that I oould not stand my ' ? wife's' brother, with whim she liked tostay.. 34y cousin Maggie had always been a special favourite of mine ; we should ? probably^ have entered into a nearer and dearer relationship but for her foolish prejudice of first cousins. . . She was the mistress of the parish school, aid, so far as I could ]uage, quite.contented with ... her lot aB a prospective old maid. . I must confess that my curiosity had been whetted by the description of tho new minister, and 1 awaited with soiuetbiug like impatience his axpeoted visit. But to the astonishment of my cousin, he did net come near the- school-, hi.use. ' ' ' The minister is going to figUt shy of you, Sandy ; be does net like men of your profes sion, 'said Maggie en the third day of my visit. ' But 1 am going to call on his sister, and if he is in I will tell him of your arrival ; then' he. will be obliged to call.' 'His sister? You did not mention a cister. Wbat is she lik- ?' ' Tall, well-proportioned, good-looking, of light complexion; a perfect Juno, the laird's ton styles her.' That afternoon I was out with Maggie, and near, the bridge over the' Stinchar noticed- ant old man leaning again-t ' the parapet : a more ill favoured countenance I think I never saw. His skin was tbe colour of parchment, 'and ? wrinkled so much a- to iudicate that he had ' iOug since passed the alloted span Of life, ' although he was really riot yet seventy. : 'His busby white eyebrows shaded a pair of keen, cold grey eyes ; while, having lost all his teeth, ?is nose seemed more booked, and bis ohin , more prominent than was .the case. He was inown to bo a miser, and.lived on what cost him. little. Skim milk aDd oatmeal, made into, ''.rose, formed the principal portion of hlB foodj for in the coldest day of winter be never bad a fire. That he had plenty of money somewhere was currently believed in tbe village. ' Ab ! There is one who is never tired of praising the minister's sister,' said my cousin. 'Whatsbe can' find in such a mah to induce her to- spend hours with him in his dismal room ia a problem I oannot solve.' I must here confess that I began to fanoy. ? „ . jealousy had something to do with Maggie'* evident prejudice ngain'st Misi Meldrum. ?« ? ???'? . ? ' She was introduced to me ou the third day of my »isit, and whatever the ministbi's iufiucsco on my cousin, his sister seemed to hie one of thu \- - most charming women I had ever met. ? 1 l-ail been a week in Colmopell whea at an unu-ually early hour one morning ou my way to a well-known shady spot on the Stincbar to ? bps if I could get a few trout for breakfast, I just caught a glimpse of Miss Meldrum enter ing the tumble-dowu oot iu which the old miser lived -l naturally wondered what she could possibly want there at such an heur, but for got. tbe incident uatil next day, whea the village was startled by tbe discovery that Old Donald, us ho waa familiarly styled, had been found dead in his wretched ? abode. The doctor said be musl have heea dead at least thirty- six, and v ' probably forty, hours, aud if this opinion were correct, he was dead when Miss Meldrum was in the house the previous morning. I thought this very strange, bat. kept my own counsel . ' until I saw tho minister, when I casually men tioned having seen his sister at 5 a.m. enter, ' +-he miser's cottage. Mr. Meldrum was not startled ; ho must have . ooaaessed awonderlul command of aerve. Pardon' mo, Mr. Sharp ; but you are quito ?- * mistaken ; my sister wa* ill yesterday morning, ? cad took breakfast in bed. Shu was not down Mstil past noon.' . He said this in such a quiet self-possessed ' tOB» that 1 found myself wondering if I could (sossibly havo boeu mistaken. But no ; there. -vaa not another woman in the ueighbouthood like the minister's sister. -The moro I pondered ,'t, so ranch the mere was I certain that I bad . . - tuada oo mistake. Old Donald's cottage was in au aaglo located by a lane turning from the -rdinary road, and the ministft'u house was ' i :*me quarter of a milo down tho laue, where it sguiu joined a wider road. Aud Laving decided ttiat the minister und bis sister were both wit tily deceiving mo, I begau to think of tho pos sible motive, but here 1 was completely puzzlod. The old miser had evidently fancied be might . - die suddenly, for the villago caipenter had pre viously bad instructions about the funeral, and iu the minister's hands had been placed a sum of money sufficient to defray the expenses of a dimplu funeral. I stood near the churchyard gate, aud noticed a stranger iu deep black, who cseiued to bo the chief mourner. Next day, assisted by tho village couitable, a learob was made of the cottage by the stranger. Old Donald's nephew, who had never had two J^suoe flora the old miaer during the tatter's lite tiaif, but wko would uow itiherir, according to tbe will, proputy and shares in the Glasgow Hind South-Western Railway worth iu the- aggre gate about £10,000. Tho dced6 ol the housu property were mission, hence the searoh.' Tbty ? ? ? r ? . ' ? were nofc foun3, and hearin j^of my preaonoe in tho village, the miser's heic^. called upon me, naid requested my assistance 'in tracing tbe lost documents. I agreed to do what I csuld, and at o'noe suspected that either Misi Meldrum or her brother, or both, cculd produce tbe papers, if they oared to. do so. But I said nothing of my _ suspicion to Mr. Stuirrock, the miner's nephew'.. Knowing I oould trust my cousis, however, I told . ber that I had seen Miss Meldrum entering Old Donald's cottage at 5 a.m. tile day before he was found dead. ' Sandy, shall I toll you a seoret t It might bo difficult to prove, bub in my own mind'it is true enough. Promise ' me you will not make use of the information unless you deem it im peratively necessary for the furtherance of striot justice;' ' 1 do not care to make rash promises, M»g gi9, but for onco I will trust you, and give the required pledge.' . ' Theu prepare for a startler. Miss jonnie Meldrum is neither more nor less than Mrs. 3eorjgc Ferguson Meldrum, the mlniater'a wife.' ' Wbew 1 Are you sure of it ?' I askod. 1 Have you any proof of the astounding asser .ion you make.' , . . ; ' Not dire:t; but plenty of evidenoe by infer ence. 1b the first plaoe; they have never had i servant, exccpt for ' a -few' hours during the day, and Mr*.- Birse, my sohool oaretkker, whea on a vidit' to ' her sister at Rothesay last summer, saw the Meldrums there, and the lady was weiinng a wedding ring then.' . I did not tblrik it politio to tell Maggie that I should try to discover whether her strange tale *as true or net. If. it proved t« be well founded it.would, to my thinking, go a long way to coBfirm my suspicions that the minister could toll where the missing deeds might be found. They ralated to four houses in Girvaa, and I went there t* ascertain if anyone had been re eently to inspect tbe houses, or if aught was known' of any ' attempt . to secure a martgfge' upon them. .But bay journey was fruitless. Keaotaing'Piowherry Station by the last train, I bad nearly three mites to:;walk to Colmonell. There was a path through the fields that cut off a considerable. corner, passiug a couple. of limekilns that ovurhnng a short by- road. I was getting over tbe style near the kilns whea the sound of 'an aagry voice at the kiln top arrested me. It was quite dark, aad I knew I could not be seen. ' I tell you I w^inna dae't, Mr. Meidruni— Bay, for double the moaey. Ye said 1 should only -havo to go — sh 1 There's somebody by the stile ; I oan see the shadow o' a maa.'- I proceeded at a rapid., pace towards the yiH-. age, but saw nothing or the minister.', ? That tM bad been trying to persuade tbe bid limebiiraer to do something illegal ! ? felt certain, and that it had to 3e with the last deeds 1 strongly sus pected. Ia the moramg l strolled out to the liinekilas, but thB low-sized maa bow in charge 'was not the one I wishqd to see. I leant that Big T»m would net be there-till six in tbe evening, but I might possibly find him at bis-home, a cottage out a mile or so on the Ballantraa-road. I went there, but was told that Tom Rattray bad not come home aince. leaving the kilns, whioh he would do that morning at six o'olock. On my return' to Cousin Maggie's another piece of startlin'g informatian awaited me'. The minister had not bten ait home all night, and his Mster had sent t« ask my oousia if ha had been at the'ichoolheusa the .evening before. Another day passed, and Miss Meldrum, as I nil! call her, came to me iu deep, distress, and asked me to help her iu Aiding heir brother. I was tempted ta tell her what I had beard the , man at tbe limekiln say. ' . But -the natural re pugnance of a detective to show his hand to aa opponent was too string at the time, and I told the lady I was completely at a loss to conjecture any reaiiin fer her brother's uriacciuntablo dis appearance. ? '' ? Tbe ?'minisler'a absence created great excite ment in. tne village; and tac elders-were la a Hx, for bow was the service to be oarried on ? . Tom Rattray also did not return. At first his absence caused no alarm, for . he bad often gone to Giivan,.on the spree, for a week at a time, cpmiiffr back when, tbe money he had taken with bim was all spent. ' Mr. Sharp, staying here P' said a stranger, with a' remarkable liknisu to the truant minister' that I iustantiy set him dowB as a brotbef. ' ' My name is Sharp,' I Mid. *' I have been to yotir home iu Glasgow, aad was ' directed : here. It seems almost provi dential that you should aotually be staying in this village. I have come to you for aid in as certaining what has becomo'of my brother, of whoso mysterious and; uiia'coountable disap pearance you are aware.- Oao-you help mo P' 'Well, you see, my holiday expires next Saturday, but possibly I may be able to get it lengthened, supposing tho liddle is not solved by Saturday. But I must ask for yonr i ntire confidence. Is tbe, lady who lives or did live with Mr. Meldrum, your sister P' . ' No, ceitaiuly not ; she is bis wife. It would have been well for my brother had he never met that woman.' ' I. will be tqually open with you, Mr. Mel drum. I am regained by a Mr. Sturreck, of Glasgow, to discover soinH - lost deeds, missing from the honsu' of an old miser who died last week here. Aad, you will pardon me for saying so, I have strong suspicions that Mrs. Meldrum could tell as where tbe deeds are now,' aad 1 related having seea tho lady coming out of old Donnld'a cottage at 5 a.m., when, according to tbe doctor, - the miser muat have been dead. i cannot beliete my brother, has been so far led by that horrible woman as to be guilty of kcowingly having in pOBseasiun any Btolen docu ments,' said : toy visitor coldly, and I did not further hurt bis feelings by telling him that the minister Lad declared that bis wife bad uot been out that morning at all. ; i - , Fearing that after my departure, the lime buruerouc] the. minister bad had a quarrel, and that the lutler.migbt Have been pushed, or fal len. iuto the burniag limekiln, I went again.and saw Big Tom's as«i8tant, asking hiiq in careless mauner. if he ever knew of a life btiog lu«l at the kilns. , ; .. 1 \- ' No, never,' ha replied, but there was a. shifty, uneasy look in hia.eyes that seemed sus picious. . ; ' Then you did. not Bod anything strangti among thu - lime,' or the aBhes last Thursday moruiug, wben you raked eat the lime P' I went on. ' ' ' No, i didn't.' ' . I fait uonviuced the fellow was-lyiug ; but. without a scrap of evidenoe to proive my con viction. what oould I do ? , Not tbe remotest traoe either of the miuister or tbe lime-buraer could I obtain, although the aid of tho police Hue and Cry was requisitioned, aud advertisements inserted in tbe various Scotnh and English papers. Three years passed, and the Colmonell ro mance bad almost been forgotten by me, save and except tbat I sometimes woudered what bad become of tbe minister and hit handsome wife. An old friend of mauy yeirs standing, Sergeant I'lemiog. of tl.e 78tb, name with his legimenttoMarybillBarraoks, aad I soan ufler wurds went to spend an afternoon and evening with the sergeant's mess, ' That's a handsome fellow !w I remarked to my friend, as we entered, the bairaolcs, a very tall sergeant going eut bt tku suao time. ' Yes, aad bis bright sod good looks have bpeu of service to him sine* ke joined us in London. He bus only seen three y oats' servwe aud he U a lergeaut. Bat nobody envier, or ia ! jealous of him, fur a butter natursd chup does i not weur- tbe Queen's uuitorm. He is a lucky fellow, is Sergeant Forbes, in more ways than one, for he is to bo married on Thursday to . the oolonel's. governess,' a splendid woman. Look! There she is U she is .off. to- meet tho sergeant, IU bo bound,' ,. ; I did look, and in a moment recogaised Mrs. Meldrum. . What was I to do ? How had! ihe procured the position in the colonel's family ? Would it be right to allow the sergeant to marry this woman, considering whit 1- knew about he? ?' These and kindred ? questions: surged like light ning, through;. my brain, and my old friend, nutSoin'g my sudden quietness, asked mo what was tho matter. ' I could almost faucy you knew the hand some governess,' ho remarked. She' is just a bit f^dfcd, on' the wrobg'sideof thirty, 'you know, .-.but she will make a good wife for the sergeaut, for; she . is tall, like him, and. the colonel already talks of getting him a com muioD., iHe saved the life - of the oolonel's youngest ohild, and old Forsyth is not one to forgot auQb * service. If Forbes does get a commissiob, tho oolouel will help bim . to keep up his plaoe ia the : brigade, ' you see if he doesn't.' V It wss'not far from nine o'olock When the tall sergeaut came into the messroom and I feund myself- wondering where. I had,^eeu bim before, bow that I oould seo him at close quarters .and ?aious bis bat. Bat when be spoke, in spite of . the diffetenoa^in his tone and accent, tbe result of his tbree years' intercourse with bis fellow soldiers, I recognised tho man. 'It was the same voioe l- bad heard that night by the limekiln; saying— ' I tell. you I wlnna dae't, . Mr. Mel dlim !'.' : . . . . ' What is the. -Dame otj-tbe lady he is to marry ??' I a-ked my friend/. , MMBjeannie jQreig,'' was .the. reply .- So_' the . minister s wife had assumed another name, possibly her maiden qacne, I said to my self. Does she know that the man she is about te marry, disappeared from Colmonell on the same night as her husband, the minister, Went amissing'P' And it net,' is it Mt my duty to make-it known ? I was poor, compaoy. for thie sergeant's' meSs that evinin'g, aad my .old friend must have imagined I had.- grown misanthropical. Ire turned home without having been able to come to a decision on the subject that was tormenting me, and thought I might do so by ' sleeping on it.' As tbe result, I wrote a note addressed to Ser geant Forbes, asking him to see me at a well known publio- huuse near tbe barracks at 'seven that ewBipg, on a matter, that affected bis dearest interests. ~ ;W1U he keep the . appointment ? I wendired, M I walked out to the inn. I waited outeide, having a nish to see bim nloni. YeB ; he was cemiog. ? : ?? 1 see' you got my note, sergeant : wjli-yira walk with me. a lhtle way ? Wbat l havo to say' will not take five minutes. In the' fliat place will yiu tell me why you (eft Colmonell P' ' Colmonell !' Who are you ?' .He asked haarsely. ^ ' I daresay you havo heard my name ; it's Sandy Sharp, detective.' ' What do yau want with me P'. 'To tell yon that Miss Jeaaaie Greig, tho woman . yeu are about to marry, is really Mrs. Meldrum,: wife ol Rev. George Ferguson Mel .drum, formerly minister of Colmonell.' -.'Theu you know me tod.'' \- *' Yes ; you are Tom Rattray, the limeburuer. You left Colmonell on the same night the minis ter disappeared 1' . 'Disappeared P Yes— into the burning kiln I But it wa&na; me did it, as God is my judge;! We heard footsteps going along tbe path under the kilns, and the minister was so frightened o' being seeu iu siooan a place, he stumbled ower a lump o' limestone, an' tummelled head fore most into the kilu. I conldna help him, Car my long rakes were down below, and afore I . could get ane o' them, he was done for. . That is the hale truth, sir. Sharp p' ? ' And I believed him. '* Ob, my God ! I see him every night, in my dream, eiuking into the whlto-l-ot lime, aud me powerless to aueeour bim 1': groaned tbe sergeant, with his bead beut oo his hreait. ' It h strange you did not know bis wife,' I remarked. ' Nay ; not so atraoge, seeing I lived away frae Colmom-11, oot on the road to Ballantrae, au' never went to ehurch. Ofa,.dear ! What wiH I do ? We're to be married to- morrow.' ' Don't ask me wbat jouVb to do, Rattray, 1 nill not interfere with yon, Harry her by all means, if you think you can be happy with her.. But what was the cause of the quarrel between you and tie minister P^ ' Quarrel P We had nae quarrel I' ' But I beard you tell you wouldn't do some thing he wished you to, not for double the money. And your voice shewed that you were ?ngry.' 'He wanted me to go to tbe old miser1* house in the dead o' night, and search for some lost papers.' - ' I see. Well, sergeant, 'you ' fiave nothing ^ to. fear from ale.. 'But you mast not forget the* danger of yuur bride discovering your c'ecrefc.' ' 111 hae to ohanee that, Mr. Sharp. Itfa gaen too far to draw back.' ' Tbe marriage took place, and my old friend assured me lhat. Fprbes and bis wifo seemed rery happy. A few moniths afterward* the eergeaaU gave a.ball, and my wife and I wero invited.. -Aftar the ball, we were to have the room of an absent servant who bad just lii9t hi* wife, and was away on leave. Mary was asleep, and I was dosing off when a terrible *ortam —that of a woman in dire distress— thoroughly aroused me. Throw ing up the lower .saeb of tho window, I saw the flying figure of -a woman' in her nigfct attire running across the bstrack square. I could dis tinet)y-hfyt her oriea of ' Help ! Help !' as the door of 'the colonel's house opened, aud she I disappeared inside, just sb Sergeant Fotbei rushed oat of his quarters. Not seeing the ob jnot of his pursuit in the open square, be ran buck to hi* rooms. / 'in Ihejptoraing I was startled to learn that ?Syj gn^nt -Jforbea had got ' the blues,' and was in the guard-room with a strait jacket op. '' Listen to bim 1' said my friead. 'That ia what he haa been shouting all the time sinoe be was brought here from the square in his shirt.' '? ' ^ 'Who says I. threw Urn into the kiln ? He fell iu himself ! ! I didn't murder him ! She saya 1 did, but H isn t true ; no, it is not true I' This hj»£ been the burden of his ravings for four B«hi.' By 10 a.m. Sergeant Forbes — ho had ainamed bis oaotherS maiden name whea he enHiKed— was quilt, and seemed to be quite ignorant of what had-faappiBed. His wite had declared her unalterable determination never to livo with him r-guin, and, in faot, before be was taken to tU« ovinia I'tr-ffioet rem the guard-room to ausner ti.e charge ot diuukenuese and brawl ing in the square at 3 a.m. bis wife was on her way to Edinburgh furnisUi!? with suflicieut rnoni-y for her immediate wints by tbe colonel's wife. Sergeant Forbes was let off with a strong reprimand, but before letuioing to his quarters the colouul tultlhiw of bis wife's flight, aud hin ted that it was tbe result of some secret he had-: divulged during tbe night wheu under the iu fluetxe of drink. The sergeant . was greatly ; startled, aud seemed terribly downcast by bis wifi-'* departure. ' Forhas will disnrt, lake my word for it,' said my friend Flaming. It is another inatauce of a man's life being wrecked by a. woman.' The big sergeaut went baok to bis duty, but within a month wo* induced to the m.rkg foe drunkenness, tad within a week after that he deserted. ? . ? ; / It was thought that bo would bs easily.cap tured beoause of - his height, but this provod a fallacy. .. Tbp following summer I. went again for a fortnight 'to Colmoriell, and, walbiDg out oiie evening wich Cousin Maggie in th6 gl6araiagi was startled to see a verytjU'itaan dart ' Across tbe road and in^ tjho eottage of old Mrs. Rattray,'. the limeburnar'«'prqt^e»,' Haa^Jj ,m-. plaining matters; to my oouffp, I went to the cottage, lifted tho. latch, apct w»|l«d in. . » Dou't be afraic^ of mei Torn .Rattray ; . t will not harm . tou,' t b'aTd. ?' Then God lilesB you, Bfr/'Sharp. I 'only' came to* see' my 'mother. If I can get baok to tbef-ligbthouM^'rfitbout being 'captured I must not vaatare here again.' . ' Then you ase a lighthouse-keeper bow, Rattray ; where ? ' . ' CorsewaU Point, sir ; do you.know aught of my wife ? ' ? , ' No, Rattray.' ' I'd give ten years of my life to make her isliove 1 did not murder the minister.'' ' You may meet some day who knows P ' [ said, as I left tbe mother and son together. My words were prophetic, for : only a mouth ifteiwards I happened, to tako Mary to see a frieud of ours in Edinburgh Infirmary.' Almost, the first nurse 1 . saw an .we entered tbe ward where young Rankin w»s lying was Mrs. Forbes. I .got as li'ear to ber M^possible, and quietly said — * *? How are you, Mro. Forbes P ' Her still beaotiful faoe Was pale .enough ere I spoke, but it beoame sp ghastly white th^t I feared a scene, , do not remcmbetyoai^it, but 'you appear to-haow me, If , you bavo a sperkof pity for an u happy woman, leave me, and fornet that you ever saw. me. For pity's s^Jte do what 1 ask,'.' ' Not till I. h^ve. delivered ..the ? message entrusted jbu ine. X have 'lately seed your hus band, and T am firmly convinced that the death 'of your first husband cannot be laid to the charge of Tom Rattray or Forbes.' .'Ally first husbaud she gasped. ' Yes ; the minister of' Colmonell. I was staying at the sohoolbouse when he disappeared. Your busbaud.is yearning for your assurance that you do uot believe, bim guilty. ' Surely you will not continue to hold. bim responsible for a death bo one deplores mere than he does ?' ?' Where is ho bow f ' ' ' ' A keeper at the' ' lighthouse on Corsowall Point, beyond Straaraer.' . The sOftmed expression that had come over he* face Mee I spoke to hir. ' augured well for the yucoesB of my-appeut, and I bade. ..her: ''giod afternoon in the belief that Tim Forbes would not be long a lightbouio kjepeK ' ' ' A few weeks afterwards J had a. call from. Sergeant.lleaiing, wbyjf}^.!^ thatFotbes and tiis wife, accempanie'd by his mother, had^. 'sailed fof.yy.U9tralia, OnloneL Forsyth having? generously given Forbes £50,, besides defraying the cost of the three passages. . ' And when I went up to1 Maryhill Barracks -again, I learnt that Mrs. Forsyth had made the disoovery that her governess was a sleep-walker. She had been stopped at the barrack gate when going out at two a.m., fully dressed. - It set me wondering whether she was in the state of somnambulism when I saw- her entering tbe miser's cottage ; and I thought she tnigbt hot have been tbe guilty wumatir.I deemed b'er at tbi time. ? 