Notes from Various Sources A sensation has been caused at St. Petersburg by a tragic affair in the family of a Buesian baron, wbo w«« formnrly at tached to tbe Russian emb»f-sy at Madrid, and there married B Spanish lady. With tbe family lived a younger sister of tbe wife. Both ladies mw the baron off by tbe train to St. Petersburg from bis summer suburban residence as usual, and a few hoars later the baroness appeared at the police station, and in broken Russian explained that something terrible had happened at home. Tbe police found her sister dead in the but room of the suite, one tuat opened out of the other in tbe BuBsisn style, and on every door poet and all about the floors were bloodstains and pools of blood. The unhappy girl was only 18. The crime is believed to have been caused by jealousy. After her husband left the house the servants and the three little children were sent out, and the baroness then fired on her Bister with a five-chambered revolver. iThe girl fled tbrougb taeroomi, pursued by the jealous wife, who emptied all the obambers of her revolver into her victim, one of tbe fatal shots striking tbe bead, ansther below the ear. A story is told in the ' Liverpool Post ' of a certain old Dominican father, who, after 40 years of boneBt service in the Philipines, having arrived at sucb an ad vanced age tbat be knew his time tor this world was Bbort, hiB brother padres asked him to write a book detailing his experi ences. He consented, but added: 'No one shall see it while I live, bnt when I em gone you will open my private chest, and there yon wili find (he manuscript.' Recently too old man died, and, after he was buried, the Dominican futuerp opened the chest and fonnd therein a vast bundle of manuscript s»wei together in the form of a boot- Ou tbe cover ware these words: 'The Characteristics, Habits, and Customs of the Filipino People, by Father ? , D.O.M. Prepared as a result of forty years' careful study and observation of tbe race.' They opened the book to the second pige, and found It blank. Tbey opened it to tbe third pace, and it was blank. There were 300 blank pages. On the very taut sheet was written these words:-' This is all I know, after 40 years' study ot tbe Filipino people,' While the will ot « ripb Swiss gentleman named Gehrig was beltur rsjd before his sorrowing relatives in Geneva recently, tbe 'deceased' walked into the mm. The assembly, taking him for a ghost, fled in all direatWDS, and it w»s with tbe greatest difficulty that be waB enabled to explain- that he bad not been drowned, as had been reported, but was wiled away upon important btuiness, which had kept him some time. Tfac depth notices and various accounts of bis life afforded M Gehrig great amusement. An important discovery bag been made by ProftBior Koch, wbo has been on an expedition to German New Oaiaet. He annouboM that tbe extirpation of malaria is possible by the me of a preparation be bos compounded, tbe chief ingredient of which is quinine. Many ?ucoessfol experi ments have already abown tbat it will now be poaiibla to reader every malarial duv trict free bom disease. The JfeWfo correspondent of tbe 'Stan- dard ' bujb that, aeaording to Dr. Oneken. iirof eseor of history in tbe University of Gieszen, tbe last words of Bismarck were m follows :—' Dear Lord, I believe. Help Thou my unbelief , and reotiv* s» Into ThyhnvrtlyktaWltt.' 