TEE GUEST ON THE THRESHOLD. Everybody understands the feelings of expectation, suspense, doubt, and anxiety with which we await the coining of a gnest whom we liave never seen. A Htrangtr, be may be, to us and ours — recommended, perhaps, by some half-forgotten friend — a man of whose tastes or character we have not the slightest knowledge. We specu* late among ourselves what manner of individual he will prove,, and whether he will be a desirable addition to our ' list of friends.' ... While the lust sands of December are rapidly running through' the in verted gloss, let us indulge ourselves with the fancy of corutemplating the New Year as a Guest on the Threshold, as yet unseen and unknown. There is this difference : no human guest crosses our threshold uninvited ; Vint this latest-born of Time, like Bakquo'b ghost, waits for no welcome, and will not be denied. How many of us, in the solemn husb of the passing hours are reflecting what manner of com panion this self-constituted visitor ratty prove T We know what his pre decessors have been and what tlity. have done ; how much or how little of -help and comfort, of suffering and sorrow, they have conferred upon us ; their tricks and turns, their changes of countenance, their surprises, their mis adventures — with all these w« are only too familiar. But, unfortunately, this knowledge will avail us nothing with the stranger. In some respects, it is true, we may assume Unit he will wear ?he same favour. We may be certain that he will pour some bitter into bur cup, and will mock our ears with promises unfulfilled ; that while be is with-us the thorns will often crackle under our pots, and our pitchers go down to wells that are waterless.. This is the way with all the Tears! Ws may be sure beforehand that be will bring u« little which we wish (or, and despoil us of much which we price. Thera may be no chairs empty around .the domestic hearth when the New 'Year crossta tlie threshold; and yet, before its trailing skirt vanishes into the darkness,- «Mr aorrowing eye* may have learned to1 gana wistfully at the ' vacant place ' — the place that shall never again be tilled. Heaven ; grant that the coining year may not deal thus with as. May the Gaest on the Threshold . carry in his hand no wreath of cyprns, nor lead-in his train the mourning-woman I Yet, after all, this uninvited, though not unexpected, Guest may turn ont very much what? if we are not over-sanguine, we wish him to be. At the wont, her* he ,£s — ' the man in possession ;' and 'It will only be wise to make the best we can of him. There are more blessings around us than the greediest soul can exhauit — more joys than griefs, more hopes than fears, more stars' than clouds. Let us, then hail the stranger with a hopeful and a steadfast heart. The Fbdebal Ministbt. — Sir William Lyne waited upon bis Excellency -the Governor -General at half-past 9 o'clock on Monday night and informed him that ha found it difficult to constitute a represen tative Australian Cabinet. Hie Excell ency at once lent for Mr. Barton, who immediately, consented to form a Ministry. v . ' Poblig Oquiuts.— Mondsy next will be a publio holiday throughout the colony, except in the county Qumbefland. Tues day, 1st January, is a. statutory holiday. On both daya the Post-office will be open for one hour, from 9.30 a.m. to iv. ov. jseinrsrjr uy leiwr-carrier as usual. Telegraph office open from 9 a.m. till 10 a.m., and 6 p.m. till 8p.m. The BoMDAvl^ne matter of tbe holidays for Commonwealth week was arranged at a special meeting of tbe Executive, held -on Saturday. It was de cided that December : 31 should be pro claimed a public holiday throughout the colony, excluding the county of Cumber land ; and January 3 a public holiday within the county of Cumberland. Hilf holidays will be observed, in accordance with tbe Aot passed last session, on January 2, 4, and 7 within the county of Cumberland only. The Weatbbh.— It has been season ably hot during the past week, and on Thursday evemtig thore was a light shower, oooline the air. There «.rn indi. cations of a change. BiLBCTioicB.— There were no selections taken up at4be Local Land Offioe on Thursday. Dredging Leases Retobbd.— It is in tended to refuse the undermentioned applications for dredging lewea, and notice of such refusal will be published in the Government Gazttte of 16th January. 1901 :— A. O. Keot-Johnstnn, 36 acris. pBrislies Oudgegong and Oocomingla. junction of Lachlau.and Burrowa Rivers : 100 aures, part ot Lachlan River ; 60 acres, part of Burrowa River. Condition At Leabb Granted.— John O'Connor, 893} acres, parish Kember ; annual rent, 2d. per acre. MimTBBLBNTERTAiNMENT. —A Minstrel entertainmeut was given in tho Assembly Hall, Rye Park, ou the 19th inst., by the Burrowa Federal Minstrels, (under the supervision of Mr. W. H. Hanoock), and was highly satisfactory. Though being their first appearance before a public audienee, this did not make the entertain - msnt any the lest appreciative. A ball was held after the entertainment,.' and thbalsureceivedliberalpatronage.dancing 'being kept up till the small houra.of the morning.' Mr. J- Butts officiated aa M.O., and made an efficient officer. . Prompt Srctlembat of Fire Claims. — Mr, C. Wright, agent for .the Oommereial Union Fire Insurance Compsny. is ' in receipt of a telegram from Mr. St. Vincent Welch, resident manager, as follows:— ' Have wired F. H. Tout, as follows : ' I confirm my assess -r's settlement of your clsim, and waive breach of contract Cheque in ' full settlement to-niicht. Advise Mr. Patkman.' TitosrsBs Appointed.— Messrs. James Henry Horton, Alexander William Hortori, and Joseph Newman, to be trus tees of tbe portion of the general cemetery at Rye Park, dedioated 28th July, 1900, set apart for Church of England burial ground ; Messrs. John Wesley, Maney Pesraall, Daniel Russell, John Kates, William Wilson, Jabee Southwell Stephen Pollard, to be trustees of die portion of the general cemetery at Rye Park, dedi Bated 28rtr Jnty,~ rtbOp **r *parV-r UoteclariaD boruvl ground. .- ??--? Spxuranstb Wool— The New Zealand Loan' and Mercantile Agency Company report holding the closing aale of the century in Melbourne on the 20th inst;, when 7400 bales were submitted. P»rt ?nf the Springs eld (Burrowa) clip was auld, 232 bales great; fleece ami pieces realism) an average of 8d. per lb , and SO bale bellies and lambs and clothing ^i. Cabs-less Use or Firi— After the terrible destruction that has taken place through the spread of iira it is to hoped that every resident of the district will be careful over the lighting of fires and sportsmen of .all classes and travellers should be very careful, Under the Careless Use -lT Fires' Act there is a very' beavy penalty. Th« Oraw Season.— The New Z* aland Loan and Mercantile Agency Company have issued their circular for the grain season of 1901, giving foil particulars of the terms on which they are ready to treat with fanners for whist sent to them. for sale ur export. The WnDgemenU are drawn up on a mbe&iteral; wale. Youmo Ibua. — Flour (fine), £6 6s. per ton ; wheat, beat sample, 2a, 4d. ' per bushel ; bran and pollard, id. per bushel by th. tea, Sd. by the bag. (Bread 21d. per 31b. loaf.)- ^* v : ' AocnoK Salbs — Attention it directed to Mr. Johu Argaet's ? announcements elsewhere - - - At Tumut, on Saturday, «r. B. Donaldson, M.P., .was presented with a pui'aa of 165 soreruigns and an ilium i- nsted address. The beat variety and latest cov«ltt«s in Stationery at the Bnrrewa News' i OSes. I Coonut's ^tarattuys DueV. — We have received from Mr. J. Argset, (Mesws. William O»ij)er and Sous' agent or the Burrows diitrirt), a Cpy of tbe ' Sbeepaaan's Diary 't for 1901, compiled and publish*! by fteisV* WiUiam Cooper and Sona, Berithafistcftd, England. The fnbJicatino« iBUod*d lor oirculaUon in tbv Australian ctilonies, and «« it conUios, matter of ^nueh iutenst«nd «ss to sheep-' fanner* aoa^countrr reddtots generally, Dfprpiaiiono^tbe^ljo^nifwbieeij^ Pojta) bid t^sfrapli ra)«*;«Bearing raaaj re«kc«er. bUh* guarsaOua, water-tanks' aud drain wessompwits, foot-rot cor*, trocw isatum trWU, sheip sad srotd statjrtics. #ud ? v*% of othw matter. This subject et dipfnng sheep is not neglected, instructions being, given as to the proper Wfltfe^-fll mixing Cooper'a dip, at well as :pjaoa- to saie for the ?notion of dipping bstfca. sni looom* 1w -AcU-w-a BegaUtioba, returns -form BotO) should ittr^ ordinary course rf svorits be iuroufcodat the end of ib'uSmPT wery laoflowner, a«Uing forth aflTh|ii»iias«wBed by bimf as at noon of DeMmber 81, 1900. Tb- Commissioners ofTaxation have ?*ecidJpd not to call for , ihe .land tax feturns generally this ye». but ibey will retain thi power to demabd sueh relurns iaaay cm* »r tssai'_.jjiir)r- to them seem ptcewiry. Ctnco&forratimis; for 190] and murlgagu mtWis must be foraished 'byTebfOftrf ,2, 1901, and should not be oonf uuded with land tax returns as xoenlioned above. Pouci PaoHOTioir. — Sergeant Matthews of Ooulburn baa been promoted to the rank of senior-sergeant, to take effect from January 1. The sergeant has for years shown himself to he a capable officer, and h- promotion's well merited. At the coneltttnn of the business of the police court on Monday morning the P.M. took occasion to congratulate Sergeant Matthews on his well-earned promotion; He believed he voiced the sentiments of tbe whole community when he expressed appreciation of th«eeti»n of the autbori tie* in promoting the Sergeant tn a higher position in tbe service. That the magis trates would bs pjeaaed he need hardly say. He hoped that Sergeant Matthews' future advauofemenf would be even more rapid. Sergeant Matthews briefly ac knowledged the compliment — Goulburn RtrdU. . ., V A Touno yto»(a»BPBiiKi-,To Dsatb.— A yodng woman, Theresa Lane, em ployed as a domestic servant by Mrs. Geo. Crossing, at Mudgee, was burnt to death on Monday. She had thrown down a lighted match in the kitchen, and this ignited her clothisg. Her screams soon brought assistance, bat she was terribly burnt about the lower part of the body and on the hack before the flames were extinguished. She succumbed to the injuries some hours later. Mrs. Crossing had her hands and arms badly -burnt while tbrowjog the girl dawn and rolling her in blankets. Deceased was to have been married, in a few days. Two Cbildmek DaowMBD. — An inquest was held at Port Macquarie on Monday, concerning the death of Edith and Robert Manhing, aged 12 and 10 yean respectively, the only children of Mrs. E. Manning, of Blackman's Point. The accident took- place on the Bastings River, near Blackmail's Point, on Satur day, when tbe ohttdrep were opining home from a trip up Wilson River in compsny with tneir granqmoiner ana unoie. When nearj&3-'rie qn4 of the children loosened ?wJartf-ii tbe bottom of the punt, with tbe result that the punt sank in deep water 4rithiu 30 yards' of the shore. Mr. Sttters, uncle of the children, saved -bis mother-in-law, Mrs; Lockton, but could not reach tbs4shildren, who had gone down before he was able to return. : Release or Strike Prisoners.— The four man sentenced to penal servitude during the great shearers' strike in Queensland in -1894 were released on December It Three of them, Edward Cowling, David Bowes, and John Loyla, received 10 years, and the other, James Martin, 15 years, for arson. On their arrival in Brisbane they were .mat by M, T. Glastey, ex-leader of tbe labour parry, and entertained, , Twenty tons of ore from Kenny, Frewin, and party's mine, at Long Flat, have, been' treated at tbe Reefer battery at Adulung, and'save yielded over 180ofc. of gold. This mine is lpoking exception ally well just now; A Clnncorry.t message states that the Granada head sjaltjon Jbss been burned to tba ground.' Ettjythijig ,hiis been com pletely d»slroy«a. Mr. Hopkius, the owner, with, tn family, was visiting Ouolullsh, so that' the house was un occupied. Andrew Anderson was killed on Satur day night by bejng knocked down by an electric tram^ .(near the Hayntarket, Sydiipy. ?. Ou the eve of the Municipal elections, Mayor Harris* observed1: 'I would sootier be Mayor of Sydney than Premier of the Colony.' Next day, when tbe adverse numbers went op, he said, ' I am glad of. a rest.' A dwelling bouse occupied by an old resident at Coljarendabri, named Mrs. James Carter, was totally destroyed by fire on Saturday,' ' Mrs Carter left four young children ip bed while she went to town to do some shopping. By some ineans a curtain caoght fire, and the house was soon a matajal fiunet. The children were rescued after much difficulty by the eldest child,. a girl twfelre years of age. When resouing tt« -bitfey the flames had already caught' Hhe covering over the' cradle. The death fs announced of Lady Dariing. Lady Darling was the only daughter of the ?lata Mr. Christopher Salter, vf Weft Bad House, Stake Bnguv Buokinghamsnira apd.the third wife of ithe late Sir gharlesL peary Darling, KJC.B., for souie years Governor of Victoria. On the' death of Sir Charles Darling in 1670 Lvly Darling was granted a .pemiori «f £1000 per annum and a sum of £6090 for ber four sonsi A |«infully aurtden death occurred at the Sydney tiehool of Arts on Wednesday night.' The monthly, entertainment of the Scotch Borderers' Association was being held, and whilst one of the members, Mrs. Janet Craig (a widowagad fifty -eight), was reciting The Gathering, of. the Claus she became suddenly ill. She was assisted from the room, and every en deavour was raaSe to restore her, but be fore muoh «-ul4'be?dpne Ufa expired. Deceased was a resident of Kawtown. . , \- ;Mr. Alexande»'J. . Mayger, 44, editor and manager .-of tj»o. Damiqum Qinm&cU;, died on Friday. Deoeaaed was a native of Deniliquiu. On Wednesday he had a stroke of paralysis. He leaves a widow aud fuur children. A hnuse at Burrtn, occupied by a miner named George Morton, caught fire on SatarSay night. Morton, who waa asleep in the' house, waa so severely burned that he died on .the following day. The Bssr Msinoixs; .Known is Cole mane and Snn'a Eucalypte Extract. It eanoot be beat for Coughs, Colds, Isflatnn, etc Beware of ImitatioM. To --e obtained at the -Burrows K«ws Book and Stationery Shop. 