eur Melbourne Letter. The suburbs which contain race courses such as Caulfield, Moonce Ponds, Ascot Vale, Richmond and so on are beginning to find the contiguity ot these places anything but an un. mixed blessing. Tihe local publicans certainly reap a harvest on race days, but the ordinary shopkeepers rather suffer than profit as the crowds of "tugs" and "spielers," who generally swarm to the town en routle to the course, elbow pedestrians right and left -especially women and children-so that on afternoons when there are races people da not care to came out to shop in the business streets, and 'thus the shopkeepers suffer. Another nuis ance, referred to this week in'the Caul field council, "was, the small fry of bookmakers who collect on the foot paths near the racecourse, clinsbing fences, injuring trees, using bad language and making themselves 'a nuisance generally." It 'is a 'pity thut some niost pleasant and salubrious suburbs around Melbourne have every now and then to be' invaded' by the morally and physically "unwashed" of the metropolis consequent on theirhav ing a racecourse in their vicinity. 'The 'Australian bull has been'earn. ing a bad name for himself lately. It is the general idea 'that the bull in these colonies is not so savage as he is in England, but is somewhat sleepy and' stupid. ' However, several cases have been reported in the press of late of people who have been attacked. Yet even in the suburbs of Melbourne hulls are s',metintes driven at all hours throughout the streets. IBullocks are supposed to he apparently the only dangerous stock, and it is forbidden to drive them through the suburbs after 6 a.m. or before to p.m. In the light of recent events, bulls should be in cluded inr the same category. The two houses now stand "pro. rogued" till 24th April. Thiu is not an unduly long recess, and the members of the legislature should' meet again recuperated rather than rusty. There has not been very much of an interest ing nature lately in thedebates in either Chamber-in fact, the doings of Parlia ment are todious and thankless to record, and not too enterraining to read. The Parliamentary Patriotic concert held the other night in tele Melbourne Town Hall was a great success. Asta musical and elecutionary enter'ainment it was well worth listen ing to. The lady performers were not so marked by peculiarities of delivery and style asthelegislators wito app eared. MIr Hume Cook would apparently be more at home in the rendering of "I'm sitting on tte stile, Masy," than in martial ballads, and while hir Watt, tsIte Postmaster General, is without doubt a powerful reciter, he makes frightful faces, and his starting eyeballs find it difficult to believe he has nor swallowed some powerful acid. 'the Postmaster General .vould tnake a grand "ghost story" teller round the fire on Christmas Eve in the old country, when the wind was howling in the chimney, and the windows were rattling in their framnes. There is no doubt that ctourtesy and reverence are not becoming more common in this colony as the ages roll onward. If you direct a person to a street or building, few will say " thank you"-mostly it is "right you arc" and instead of approaching you with the remark, "would you kindly tell me where the Law Courts are," or, "might I trouble you to direct me to the Town Hall," the belated pedestrian opens his request with that execrable Yankeeism, "say, Iloss, where's so ar.d so." The way a number of people comport themselves in churches too is wonderful to one with old world ideas. Apart from asy religious convictions, it is the acme of bad form to misbe have in a church because the clergy man can do very little to protect himself. If he rebukes the offenders from the pulpit he makes a species of scene and unsettles the congrega tion, and his helplessness should be his protection. Last Sunday, a large new Catholic Church was opened in North Melbourne, and I strolled in on the Monday to view the interior. It is a beautiful building, but the Interior arrangements were not quite complete, and it was in connec ison with the task of hurrying them to a termination that I witnessed an incident one would rarely see in any European country. A man was de voutly repeating his prayers, and near him a contractor was walking about with hts hat on and giving his orders. He had to finish up the painting, but surely the proximity of apoorly dressed man, evidently sincere in the petitions he was offering, and the fact that the building was achurch might have in duced the contractor to sake off his hat. To me the doctrines the wor shippers held dear were as legendary as Grtmeis fairy tales, but I would certainly not have walked about near him with my hat on. These sort of flaws are seen every day in this colony in public places and private circles, and it is a pity this community does not recognise how !ittle acts of thought fulness and courtesy oil the machinery of our daily life of drudgery. MIr. J. If. Ableot, Aburseen, says: "Isst ssssmor. while away from town on busineas, 1 was sauddenarsly tahmn with a suemor ease of dysenrtry andi fir three days suffered coonisranbe paaint, as wall as annoyance. Noailing tock did any ool. 1 happened to rouwember that Chambernla's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea hemody was re. oesseondotd for subh ctlslaista, and eom amescad tahing It. After the third doss thoer was no farther usriuntlos of the haelosunit twasall right. I regard this remedy as a sure cure fotar all cases of syaen tory and diseehoon, and most earnestly ad vise aeery one to hkeSe a hattle of it in bis lloals l thuo time,' For sale by John hal, Aucat. Chitastc Illisrrlrltcet Clredl, lYaEtEcs, O..S.. etugust 23, a1807. AIohUU two years nala ea btothtle of Cliatuberlain's Coin, Cholera rnd Diarrhoena itsallndy satL ant to me. t goon it teLanus teafr, wile had bhan sfarig fee yveasrs wlth Clrselna tiarehoea, stie was so pleased wih thre reulrtS that e had ma order same. tnot wehoisit sirrivel he antistoord tahing regularly, and l fter usifga fIw hoatles ile. arsvle was entirelty ree from that terribh sleeisse. toe isatoinly has liaised this rom esdy, ustsl mIassy li thtis ds.triet barn tried It All alsehk well of the results. I hore myself u ifs bhoel eomistsinssanld an recom. neessl ittIn the lshlil. eo. ii. t5.'Aes, at P'ayn Si B:Iltler, For sale by John Itsll, .eSgnt. It utred 11cr Life, '" Is asia iinianae." says Mme,. A Cilly Itoysil I istel, .icoessiale, a'my daughter satl ass entresmaly hswsiattaes of croup,ansd I feel 55oitu is aitatls t 'tt ClUnma,esrlalna Cough iloealy seadeu her life. I have more faith in it resist its asny ether inate sedielite, Bany eatennalitlhis resmedy at m: sauggotioe, and ware awellse.lsasesai." Oihawlserlnin' Coughs itiesesiv in far sslo by Jehs Ilall, Afent. It fle no other psrisase, ".ihamberlasi,'a Pais Osem iw alsstd he heist In enery lsnso to useur eatsesad bruises. It wiii heal the pars in lesse tissa than any nt her treatment, nnltlslaw ashem without maourntion. tin. Icess hu inejiry Is very seaors it does nor Isanen scar Far sale by John Ilall, Agent. tiso esttay iaip nf hig ret tiesn must he ieulcaiiinews to in adisrit, as heels ise direel anal isnlieseet hindus n aoesing fronis ssicrstnei issisifslsl. Very soot, a portion of 'ihe KilsIsnIy Pithk riale will be sub sliridlest sata let for farmtting puIrnpoes. A sesmeryf tise proporty, wih that end is ais ess is noweisRi solde. 