'The Deserter.^% Mr Harold Begbie contributes some admirable verses ti the ' Morning Post' entitled * ihe Deserter,' who ran from tbe barrack square because 4 be wasn't tha man who should understand the grind of the Army mill.' After narrating how he got a job on a Yorkshire farm and married tbe ugliest maid in the plaoe, Mr Bsgbie continues ' But the bugles rang, an<J the viMfge talked, and he borrowed the farmer's' foat,'. He spelled it through with a mattering lip and a face that was white as a ghost; He spelled it throngh, and he slunk away, and his missus called at the inn, And jut at the edpe of her apron peeped the ena of a rolling pin I But he wasn't there—he waa far away, and he'e farther away by now, Biding a horse that would eplit in two if you hitched him on to a plough, Biding a horse at the back of French, riding him straight and well, With a lance ^hat drives like a flame of fire throngh the gattering lines of Hell.' There wil, Mr H. Byron Moore, the secretary, anticipates, be a loss of between £3,000 and £*,0G0 over ithe V.B.C. Autumn meeting. Last year the loss was £2,300, but the stakes w?re increased by £900 this year, and tbe^Iub had to pay t^e full amount of the Champion prize, whereas £500 was saved in 1899, owing to the race not being run within the time limit. " Olive Sohreiner " (Mrs Oonwright Schreiner), whose championship of tlTa Boer cause has brought her again nnder notice, leads an ideally simple life on her farm on the veldt. ( Her writing is an incident only in a day of crowded d >mestic work ; she seeks her inspiration in long, solitary rambles ou the Karoo, and her reorestion is a daily gallop with her husband. Her study is masculine in its simplicity, and has no trace of the literary, woman in it, from the large square table at which she writes to the solid uncomfortable chairs aid the mezz i-tints of Dore'e and Watts's paintings which. cover the wails. Olive Schreiner" is on3 who has ever courted popularity, and she. looks pon -her. sudden leap into fame, which ollowed the publication of " The Story an Afrioan Farm," as quite a tartling incident. 