A MAN'S VOICE. CJHAPTE \l XXXIX.— Continue. To avert scandaHvorii'VLorenz Es mond's name ! '; '; '-?'' '; '?. '?* That wns.H-r-'cvivse-^liiin ,! Thut was it, there conlft.bo'-no doubt. . .Yet again — whatmiide^heL' suspact? '.How much did 'shb'Wiiow',? J ''?' Tlie wretched ^prisoner , racked his brains in vain ;'-' and' 'then,* the uwfnl terror, the ineffable- dread, paralyzed all other feeling,, all capacity of thought.; \ . . The shame, tooj'tuepuwic sname ; the horror of the whole thing ! ?'Murder! Cruel, pitiless murder, for which the lowest and meanest beggar that dragged himself half -naked through the gutter might point the finger of scorn and condemnation at the gentleman. The mob would stare and1, make a rarcshow of him — no one would plead for mercy on his behalf ; L there could be none for such a deed as he had done. Tho prisoner wiped, the cold drops from his brow ; then he laughed. Bah ! They could prove nothing. Suppose -they had' tho ? dagger. What then ? 'Who could swear to it ? Only an ignorant servant girl, if even she recognised it, or thought she did. There is more -than one antique Italian dagger in the world, and the servant'would not know that the dag ger was the one she had seen in Cecil Geldavt's coffin. But for all that, the drops started out on his brow again. A little before eight o'clock he heard some bustle outside, and the unlocking and locking of the cell door next his own. Then a voice, apparently that of a constable, said, with a laugh : ' She won't be a talkative prisoner, any how !'?' - Linwood caught his breath. ? Was it of Hester the man spoke 9 'Why should it be ? Yet ? The door opened; and a warder came in with some breakfast. Lhiwood ,felt that he must know who the next-door prisoner was. ' A drunk and incapable, eh ? ' ho said to the warder carelessly, indicat ing the newly- occupied cell. ' No,' said the warder with a side long look at his questioner : ' a dumb womair, Hester Craddock ! ' and he went out. Hester Craddock ! ' ' ' ' Why was she arrested 'unless it was' she who gave the information ?? ' ?, And, yet- was it at all likely that she had done so? - .? ' ; ? Nothing was more' certain than that Hester would only consult : what .was, or seemed to be, her own interest, and if she should turn Queen's evi dence-^ — ! ' ' ' Then his thoughts flashed back to the incidents of the'past night'. . ' Idiot ! Madman ! To welcome the man who came; to destroy him ! Valerie, in her hiding-place, had of course laughed at her dupe, who ? thought she wns in his power,, while she held him in the hollow of her liarid. At half-past eleven the warder came again — with a policeman this time — to conduct I the prisoner to the police-court. The arrest of Linwood Erie' had been too late to find a place in the usual edition of the morning papers ; but the news reached the various offices later in the morning, and being of so sensational a character, the leading papers hurried out second editions, in which the main facts were stated, and the newsboys speed ily filled the streets with their yells. ? It was' by this means that Sir Koberi Erie and Basil first heard of the arrest of Linwood. The.old man was quite prostrated . by the terrible news, ? - It was not possible that Linwood had committed murder, he told ' him self. Basil' ( rushed np1 to town with all speed to be in the police-court, but the worthy gentleman did- not go to see his brother. . * The news in the papers was neces sarily of a very meagre kind. Mr. Linwood Erie had been 'ar rested -early that ?' morning on the charge of having murdered Mr. Bar ton Grey ratherinore.thah two years ago. /!-. ' ' V f ' '.' '.Astounding disclosures ' were confidently promised, and the ,main facts of 'the inquiry hito Barton Grey's murder were of course recapitulated. ' It was not known in time for these second editions that Hester Craddock had also been arrested. ( I There was enough of 'sensation,' however, .in what was published to ? bring crowds to the police- court, and before the ' murder case ' came on, while tho magistrate was still dis posing oC ordinary', offences, the small ' space available was crammed to its ' utmost holding capacity. ' Basil Erie manag'od .to get in among those congregated ' iit the ond of the court, -where Ruby, who had somehow \ contrived to secure , a seat on'.' tho . bench, snw him. ,' , „ ; , ., Bert Lesmore was, also in court ; and presently tho expectant ? throng saw the witnesses come in and take their pluces— Lorenz Esmond, and with him Valerie Derval, who was dressed almost entirely in black. A little later appeared a gentleman' wiio shook hands with both, and who . was recognised by some present, as Dr. Leigh, and while people wondered what he could have to do with the case, the door leading to the cells opened, aod the prisoners appeared. Linwood Eric looked lividly pale ; but he walked firmly to his place. Tho woman's stolid face gave little indication of what she folt, but she looked furtively m-ound her, as she took her place in the dock beside her accomplice. In 'tho charge-sheet she wns, des:, cribed-as ' accessory before the fact.'. ?'CHATTEE XL:' -'' ? ;'' ? Tlio first witness called , 'was; Ser geant ' Moo'ro,, ' wlio .arrested ' both: prisoners. , ' ' , ' v ' ' '. . He went on— ' The witness; Mr. Lorcnz Esmond, handed me the dagger, which I now produce. He staled that it was found in a cabinet in the prisoner's sitting room. He also gave . me the prison er's keys.' And Sergeant Moore handed up tho' old Italian dagger, at which ' tho magistrate looked with great interest and curiosity, everyone in court trying to catch a glimpse, and very few succeeding. ,' Liuwood's gaze went stealthily to Hester's face, but there was no change in that stolid countenance; 'Is it the charge,' said the magi strate, 'that this was the weapon used in tho murder of Barton Grey ? '. ' '.'.Yes; your worship,' Moore re plied, 'it .belongs, I understand, to the prosecutiuxinthis case.' Again the eyes of the two prisoners' met, but this time, the . flash' 'of 'terror in the man's was answered , by that in the woman's. \- The same wild thought had leaped into both minds. 'Miss Valerie Derval!' cried the usher. There was a stir' and murmer in court. Valerie rose, very palo, but looking more beautiful than ever. , As she sat among fche witnesses, Hester Craddock had not been able to see her face ; ? but now, as she ap proached the witness-box, Hester naturally turned and looked, and saw the witness's features full. A harsh, half-stifled cry broke from the dumb woman; , She lifted her hands in an irre pressible agony of fear and horror, the more, appalling because of her afflic tion, which debarred her from articu late expression. Her lips were drawn over her teeth, her skin had turned a sort of copper colour. ,. ;'. , . So great and manifest was her agi tation, that for a minute every eye was turned upon her, and there was ft pause before the clerk of the court ad dressed the witness. Linwood comprehended, for it was as clear to' him 'as to' others that Hes- ? ter Craddock recognized Valerie Der val. ' ' '' ??'?.- ' Yet it might be a mistake ! Yes, yes, it nilght be ! He tried to cling to that desperate hope. ' Struggliug.for self-command, Hes ter clutched the edge of the dock. Was it a ghost, a vision — or reality? And now Valerie was facing ' the crow'ded court— erect, calm, selfpos sessed. ? '- ' ? 'The' clerk put the usual question — ' Your name ? ' Softly' spoken,, but perfectly clear, heard by all, came the answer — i' Cecil Valerie Geldart ! ' There was a pause. The people looked at each other. Linwood Erie held his breath. Tho magistrate said — . ' Derval, - then, is not your real name?' ' , . 'No, it is a name I assumed. be- cause 1 did not wish it to be known that I was living. I am the niece of Mr. Barton Grey, who was supposed to be dead, and was buried ; but I was saved,' bv. God's mercy.' .The witness paused, for amurmer, which almost rose to a cry of wonder, swept through the court. ' ? ? The dead alive ! Could it be ? AVas this, woman, standing there in her, youth, and- beauty,- literally one who had liseh from the grave ? What marvellous thing was this. they all heard ? , ? ' Even the -magistrate, who heard many :i strange thing, was so startled — so, in a manner, appalled — that he could not', for a moment, recover him self. '? ?/ ' -r1 ? i ? 1 And Valerie stood -.waiting till' the wave of .troubled. sound had rolled by and sunk into the tense silenco of ex pectancy.' r Then the girl spoke again. ' ' I have ample proof of my iden tity','' she said; ? ' Ono witness — Doc- tor Leigh — is in the court ? now. -It ?was he who lifted me oiit'of the coflin' —she felt and heard the shudder that ran through the crowd — ' and carried me to his own house. Is it necessary to prove myidentity before I givo my evidimco? Itcnn easily, bo done.' ' ' The case is, so far as I know, without a precedent,' said the magis trate. ' But I; think 'wo' will hear the evidenceof Doctor Leigh' before you are sworn, Miss Geldart. There will be no doubt about tho matter then.'' ; Valerie-bowed, and drew back; 'and Dr. Leigh came 'forward and' was sworn.' '' -' ' '' '' ' ? , ' ' Ho described clearly tho events of 'that strange night. ' . ; lie had kept the' silenco at . the special request of Miss Goldart. '? \- His 'servant, - Susan ''''Blanc/- was still alive, and would swear to Miss^ Geldart's identity.' The gravo .-was filled in upon an' omptj', grave. '!' Then Valerie 'was ? recalled, ? and sworn. ?? ?'''' |J - ' 'i.My rouson,for not claiming my rights,' she said, ' was that !? vowed I would trace the murderer of my uncle. I did not know who he was, but only that I should be personally unknown to him. I had one clue— r the man's voice ! ' ' . At this declaration there was a move-:' merit, from Linwood'1 Erie,, and 'a.' strange souniU^-n! sort of 'choking, gasp. ., ,' ' '. ,..w .' ..'»', ? J' ; Vnjerie, glanced '.alhiiyi,- but tho agony' on his'fiico'gayoher :io pang of pity.' ? ;J.';''' .'''' ':'-V ;' ?-'.' '..The people iii' court hardly seemed to breathe. ? ''*, ',.' .'r J7- ' i' ' ' .' ! Vale'rie'wcnt'on^— ''?';'' ' , .'On the night b'oforq' the 'murder of my uncle, Mr. Barton Grby, I was lying in my. coffin in tho room in which I bad,, as.,wns' thought,' dio'd two days before. , 1 'was in a species of trance. I believe it was what doc tors call catalepsy, which 'is very rare. I knew all that happened, but had no power to move so t much as an eyo lid. My eyes .woro closed — I could not see anything, but the coftin'was as yet 'uncovered ; there were candles burning round it. ,' In my hair was the dagger handed up by Sergeant Moore. It is an old Italian dagger, or spillo, for the hair. My mother, who was partly Italian, gave me the weapon. I have more than one witness who can swear to it. I wished to have it buried with me. One -witness is Jane Evans,- then ser: vant at Tho'Glbn ; anothor is Mr. Lo'r enz Esmond, who came up and saw .me. Hours after Mr. Esmond had gone— 7it must have been between one and two in the morning — the door -of, my room opened, and a person came in, whom I knew by the step- to1 be Hester Craddock. ' She wont towards the window, and, after a few minutes, there wns a' tap from without. Hester opened the shutters and the window, and someone came in. It was a man. He spoke directly. I had never heard the voice before ; but tho moment I heard- it again, I knew it. It was fche , voice of the prisoner, Linwood Erie ! ' Linwood was clutching the dock with convulsive fingers ; his face looked drawn and old : the drops stood in beads upon his brow. The sweet, clear tones wont ou — ? 'The prisoner Erie said, 'Great Heaven ! was there no other room . in the house but this ? ' Then there wns silence. Hester, being dumb, used to speak on her fingers, and he evidently understood. He said nexfc, , ' Yes, you're right : no ono would think of looking here. No, I can't look at her ; toll me quickly why you '-sent for mo ?','.. If he only had looked, Linwood cried, in' his terror-stricken soul, he might not be standing here now. ? ' Valeric continued — ? ' There was a much longer silence ! then Linwood Erie said : ' I know the safe ; there are not many locks that could'defy me, The old man often stops - at ? the office until past ten. You're sure of the amount ? Fifteen thousand pounds ? ' ? ? Hester evidently replied to that. ? ' Erie said next : ' Aye, it's worth the risk.' 1 ncarrl him walking up and down in an agitated way. ' Curse it ! ' ho said. ' What do people want with candles and crosses about the dead1?' ' Then he stopped and was silent a minute : then said : ' Yes, I must do it-— I know that ! I'm desperate, and after all'it could never be traced. No one knows. Sh ! Was that a step.? ' ''Ho went to the door, and then re turned to the window. He said ; You shall have your share, of course.' Then Hester 'spoke again, and he said ; '.' Not a pistol — no ! ' That's the great est risk -the weapon.' She spoke 'again, and I 'heard- her step coming nearer to me. ; ' . ? ' . ''Ho said: 'Sh' l':what do' you mean—: — ' and he ' stopped. Hester came' quite up to''m'e,'and bent over me. I heard her- 'breathing. She took the spillo — the dagger — out of my hair, 'lifting my head' a little to get' it. Her hand trembled — she shuddered.' ' The tenso emotion of the 'listeners here found'relief and expression in a shuddering groan which could notbe controlled. ' . ' The prisoners seemed to bo para lyzed by the revelation of their guilt. Word after word Linwood Erie's own speech was flung back at him — truly a witness from the dead ! ' Valerie paused. ' !' She was white,, even to tho lips. The usher offered her a glass of water, and she thanked him with a grateful look, and drank a little. v Then she went on — ' ' (To be Continued.) 