\- SSc Cuttings* \ S' Ttw&iit;&iSrjJbaibly; as good fWh lo Of -j : sea'ai.iiMfpel* uedlsSwt^ ^ =r 1 'Tow wlttfii always *° 'to, out«pt)keu, bpt never out-talked. ; Morning wraps were the Invention ot tho man who wakes O hotel gnesta HI tbe early train ??Ton told me you aad Harry loved at sight' 'Yes, taft we quarrelled on acquaintance*' At a tPWfc*ft meeting -in Ireland It was recently voted. ' tbat all persona In ths Unrx owning dogs shall be musiled. ' Does position affect deep T' asked a medical writer. It does when the man holds the position of night watchman. ' Do yon know much about that borse you bought from tbe Deacon T' ' I know more about the Deacon than I did.' Some one has written a poem on 'Tbe Tongue of Liberty.' Ibe tongue of liberty generally belongs to a married woman, 'Tou say that hone isn't afraid of any thing. Can my -wife drive blrnf' I don't know, sir. X havs never seen your wife.' . Visitor t 'But this portrait of Mr. Bulger Is a - apod deal more than life slse.' Artist : I know It Tbat Is the vise he tbluks he is.' ? 'Didn't I lend you tt a month or so ago T 'Tea, I feelierve you did. I'm ever so mtteh oUJged tor your kindness. I feel I oaa ?svtr jscay you.' Lady Friend (to 'young widow) s ' Tou 're gardening, I see, Lucy.' Young Widow (with a weary smile) : 'Yes. I wish 1 could, so to say, transplant my weeds 1' Watts : 'There seems to be some truth In tbe saying that heaven helps those who help themselves.' Potts: 'Of course there is. They are the only kind worth belping.' - First Beggar: 'Hello! Plckln' up anything on your rounds theee days?' Seoond Beggar: 'Ain't nothln' doin' at alL I bad to draw five pounds out of the bank to-day t*C pull me f rough.' Patient t 'Tbat sign of yours is not very encouraging.' Dentist: 'Why so T I. guarantee to extract teeth with out pain.' Patient : 'Yes ; but I want -tbe pain extracted, rd rather keep the tooth.' ' Whyfor ees It sat a woman's (aee ees ? used on see silver dollar in sis country r* Inquired a visiting foreigner. ' Be cause,' growled the impecunious native; 'It Is the Idiom U 'bur language that money talks.' 'Aunt (to Tommy, who has been to the menagerie) ; ' Weil,' Tofmnyi did you ??? the tiger T' Tommy- fwMnipeilnrtJ 'Tes, b-b-iu — -'- Aunt i 'But wbaU wbat are you crying about f' Tommy i 'They wouldn't let «ne stroke his ears.' Miss Northside (to ber brother) : 'Do you know, Fred, that no fewer than four m£n want to marry me T' Fred : 'Afl right, sis, may the best man win r Miss Northside ; ' Tou don't know much about i0ucb things. A bride does not snaky the best man.' Canrobert was inspecting the new gaiters worn- by the light infantry. Sea Ing one that was badly fastened, be took the wearer to task, 'Look here, I'll send yon my nurse -to button it on for you.' 'Quite unnecessary, General ; I see her every day.' And Canrobert burst out laugblng, ' Mabel, why don't your mamma weat diamond earrings like my mamma's?' 'She left 'em borne, .and papa's. hid 'em where the rubbers can't .get 'em.' 'Where has be bid 'emf ' Why, 1 tneitf would stay there. v- , Winks: ''1^aV~5iraS£el youv look so glum?' Jinks: 'I bave six daughters, i none of them married, or likely to be.' : Winks: 'And ytm\glum over It? You are the most ungrateful mortal tbat ever .breathed. I have 40 x daughters, all mar ried, all have children, and I've got to support the wbcAe -crowd.' A.: ' Did It lever 'recur to you wbat a charming conversationalist P ? is r* B.: '-Well, I don't know ; not parti cularly. Why T» ' A.: 'Oh, be is, decidedly. He hasn't tbe ghost of a memory, you knpw, and you can tell your stories to bim over and over again, and he enjoys them every time as much as at tbe first telling.' ^ A youngster one day eluded punish ment by creeping under a table, where his mother could not reach him. Short ly after, his father tame In, and, when told ot the state of affairs, crawled on bis hands and knees in search of his son and heir, when, to his astonishment, be was greetea^wlth this Inquiry:— 'Hullo. -fatbefl^SL sbe after you. too?' ?-:tv- ? jsr-ss ; th. intjuwiu' 