THEIR FAVOURITE BOOKS. It is not, perhaps, generally known that tho Queen takes no small interest in the fiction of the day. A writer herself, sho is a capable critie of all she Iiub read to her, and is said to prefer in this branch of literature tho novels of Edna Lyall. Tho Prince of Wales 1b a great admiror of George Meredith's works. Another great writer, Mr. Gladstone's political has somewhat outshone his literary fame. Tho eminent Bt'itcsmau, however, found time, until quito lately, to get' through a largo quantity of varied reading. HiB library at Hawardon Custlo ? is rather curiously arranged. . Tlio wuIIb are covered with shelves of books, and between each ? partition there, iB room to walk. By thiB means Mr. Gladstone is able, with littlo difficulty, to lay his hand upon any ono of the 15,000 or 20,000 volumes thut he mny require. Once seated with his book, Mr. .Gladstone .takes a pencil and makes copious notes in the margin on subjects he wishes to remem ber, of which he is in doubt, or which he disputes. These ho afterwards classifies at tho end of tho volume, I bus being able to refer at once to those things ho wishes to ro raember in the book. Th» Grand Old Man's favourite authors are Aristotle, Dante, and Bishop Butler. The only fiction ho affects is that dealing with history or philosophy. Ho is an admirer of JVlrs. Humphrey Ward's ' Robert Elsmere.' Another^ noted statesman, Mr. Goschen, delights in a novel with plenty of plot iu it* He uIbo gets through a quantity of reading. and prefers the Rov.o.Bnring-Gould'B' novels to any others. Sir William Harcourt 13 also a. great novel reader, but Lord Salisbury finds littlo timo for light literature. Stanley, tho great African traveller, ia oxlromely fond of his ShakcBpcare. It whb with extreme reluctance that ho burned his copy of tho Stratford bard's works by com mand of tlieZingapoople. Barbarous nationu almost invariably associate books with sorcory and witchcraft. Tho Gorman Emperor is fond of novel reading, nnd is a great admirer of George Eliot. \- .Mr. H. Ridor Haggard, though never a great reader, haB two favourites— Charles ? Dickcns'B ' Talo of Two Cities ' und Lord Lytton's ' Corning Rnco.' Other books of which ho nover tires are ' Ecclesiustes ' and the pqems of Edgar Allen Poo. 'My grandfather,' Baid the shoo clerlr boardor, 'onco knew an old man who in. Bisted that the ghosts camo and milked Imf sows ovory nignl.' ' Sort of milkin' spoctros,eb?' commented tho Cheerful Idiot. ? 