THE DEDICATION OF ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL DR. REDWOOD'S SERMON. TO THE EDITOR. Sir, — Tho Vory Rov. Father Le Rennetel, In. his paper read at tho R.C. Congress last week, stated that tho teaching of tho Catholic Church is that "error has a right to tolerance," and that in a Catholic com tl) unity Then; is no room for persecution or oppression; citizens con have tile same civil rights and claim to have their views respected and tolerated; all can live at peace with their neighbors, without allowing the blast of bigotry to destroy t.hat happy union which ought to exist be tween the children of the common Father. If bo, tho Archbishop ot Wellington, Dr. Red wood, was an unhappy selection as the preacher of tho official sermon at the dedication of St. Mary's; for there had been no provocation to call forth the "blast of bigotry" which F ";er Lc Rennatel very properly condemns; Indeed, tho words which have set at nought tho rights and claims of others "to havo their views respected and tolerated" were written calmly and deliber ately by Dr. Redwood beforo he left Wellington. It Is difficult, however, to beliovo that an emi nent prelate "ould, from mere wantonness, have set himself malto such an Indictment as his printed sermon contained, or that lie could have boen ignorant of the teaching of his Church on tho subject of toleration. Indeed, in the press notices of the leading prelates present at tho Con gress, Dr. Redwood Is described as The theologian', tho controversialist, the nice adjuster of fine points of doctrine. lli.s manner is more that of a cool ami restrained Englishman than of tlio warm, im pulsive Irishman. It. must, therefore, bo concluded that in using the words reported, and' intended to be read. Dr. Redwood, acting under a strong sense of duty,, wished to clearly set forth tho teaching of his Church -and the principles he wished his co-reli- glonlsts in this colony to lmbtbo in reference to Protestantism and Protestants, and Catholics are more likely to take-.thelr theology 'from, Arch bishop Redwood, the "theologian and nice ad juster; of fine ..points of doctrine," than >. from Father Lo Rennetel, the courteous Frenchman and ltindhearted parish priest. Aforeover, the late Pope, Plus IX., laid it down as a basal principle lu. tho allocution of Septem ber, 1851—' .. Thnt the Catholic religion, with all its votes, ought to be exclusively dominant in such sort, that every other worship shall be banished and Interdicted. . The Archbishop Is also backed up by Cardinal Moron, who, with characteristic, It not elegant, levity, chuckles over the way his brother prelate has made tho critics "roar," and- expresses no regret that his Protestant fellow-cltlzcns, par ticularly his distinguished guests, whom' he in vited to add eclat to the festivities of his Cathe dral opening, havo been told that their Church Is of purely human origin; that their ministers are not divinely called to preach tho Gospel of Jesus Christ, and are without the ministry of 'the Holy Ghost; that tho loaders of the Reformation were men notorious for their vices; that Protestantism has ever been "the helper and instrument of the worst foea of Christianity;" that "It has dese crated the home and polluted the nuptial bed." It Is not difficult to guess the meaning of Dr. Redwood In the last-mentioned phrase, when it Is remembered that according to Roman Catholic theology matrimony Is a sacrament and, of course, only tho priests of Rome are authorised to ad minister the sacraments of the Churoh of Jesus Christ. Color is given to this interpretation In the denominational organ which claims to bo the leading Catholic paper In Australia: IS It any wonder, then, that there is a widespread feeling of indignation at the publication of such sentiments as Archbishop Red wood has given forth to the world? Then, having Instituted a comparison between Protestantism, which ho branded as horn of vici ous .parentage, .productive of domestic Immorality, and opposed to civilisation, and Christianity, and Roman Catholicism, which, ho claimed, possessed exclusively the marks and prerogatives of the true church, the preacher- rose delightfully to a grandiloquent olimax- thus: Row different is the true Bride of Christ; how beauti ful, how stately and majestic in her seamless garment ur unity, her snowy, Jewelled vesture of sanctity, her im-; perial mantle of Catholicity, and her long, flowing robs of Apostoiicity." But what- aro tho facts? ; The Encyclopaedia Britain lea (Art.: "The Reformation"), referring to tho three ends sought to be obtained by the Reformation; says: — - ' ; Of these three distinct conceptions tho first, taking its rise In the generally udmittcd corrupt practice of the Church of Rome, aimed at-UUlc more than a restora tion. of discipline— a reform of morals, tlmt' Is to say, amongst the clergy and tile monastic orders, und the aholition of tliosc various abuses which - hail grown up under thu.lox administration and baneful. examples of suc cessive Popes and of the Curia. . , . ' . Ot the wide spread necessity for such reform; us shown by the condi tion of the clergy and the monasteries, the remarkable treatise of Nicholas de Clemenges, "De Corrupto Ecclesian Statu,' affords alone sufficient evidence And it is a striking proof of the deep- rooted corruption of the whole church that such llagrant abuses should have con tinued to exist, for another century, witli little or no abatement. Clcmcngcs deplores the prido and rapacity of tlic cardinals, their Immorality, and addiction lo simony; the prevalence of tlio same vices amongst the episcopal -order; the lower clergy, . in general, so sunk in vice nnd sloth that scarcely one in a thousand was to be found living a godly and sober life; tile nunneries which lie declare., were brothels, rather than sanctuaries. A few years later wo find, the evils to which Olcmongcs called attention, emphasised by one of the most' eminent ecclesiastics of the age — flic Cardinal Julian Ccsarlnl. Such was ' the condition of ' tho "stately and majestic" Romish Church "in her seamless gar ment of unity, another snowy jewelled vesture ot sanctity" In the lGth century. ' Of course matters have improved considerably since then, but even In tills, tho last year of the 19th century, there is still much to be desired. leather Fitzgerald, 'O.F. At., In his paper on "Tho Catholic Press: How to' Promote It," referred to the "Contemporary Review" as one of the leading magazines of the present day deserving ot attcn- "tlon and respect. Now, such a reference Is de cidedly opportune, for In the issues. ot Alarcb and April last there appear two articles on "Alonastlo Orders Up-to-date," in which thoro aro startling revelations, forming the most serious indictment the Romish Church of modern days has been called upon to answer. "Tho fetishism of' con temporary Catholicism," almost more than "the Paganism of ancient Greece and Rome, or tho galvanised heathenism of Julian;" the more than questionable methods for increasing the revenues of tho Church'; tho sweating and torture of orphan children in the workhousos connected with the eon'vonts of France — these and many more things quite as bad, aud even worse, aro not only plainly and circumstantially stated, but the proofs ot thorn aro offered. As Dr. Redwood has felt it his duty to extol the Church i>t Romo at the es pouse of much llowery rhetoric, but with an un wonted economy of fact. It Is well that both medieval and modern history should bo allowed to throw a little light on tho subject, In order that a correct judgment may bo formed as to whether or not thero is a striking resemblance between the teaching and practice ot tho Church i of Jesus Christ in tlio days of His Apostles and those of tho Roman Oliurcli of later days. But objectionable as it may ho to Protestants to have their forefathers, their faith, and their family Institution ussallcd and libelled, it is ul- most .past endurance that this kind of thing should he done under vlcc-regal patronage. The managers of tho Congress celebrations cannot bo blamed for seeking In auy and every quarter tho presence of poisons gf high degree to add to tho pageantry In which Roman Catholicism Is wont to Indulge, but when . the Governor, attired in Windsor uniform, attends at the "Sacrifice of the Alass" lu his official capacity as the representative of her Alajesty, thou It is qulto time to uttor a respectful but emphatic protest agalust such a procedure. That his Exeollency did so attend Is beyond question. Thero has been no contradic tion- of tho statement; on the contrary, Cardinal Aloran Is reported to have said at the luncheon at the conclusion of the Sunday morning sewlco: They were also deeply indebted to tlio representa tive of her Alajesty for bis presence amongst theiu. (Loud applause.) When lie hud the honor to invite bis Ex cellency to mute wiUi tliein in tills solemn celebra tion, his Exeeiieiicv uot only expressed bis readiness to come, but notified thai he would come in uniform, thus allowing tliut lie came as the representative of her Alajcsty iLuud applause.) It may seem somewhat ungracious to reflect upon one whose position precludes him from pub lic controversy, but, on tho othor hand, It is con- ccivatdo that cases xuay arise wheu such a pre clusion is a distinct advantage. Anyhow, vice- royalty can claim no immunity from fair and courteous criticism whoro It acts in such a wuy us lo deceive It. It is much to bo regretted that on tho eve ot his departure from our midst ltta Excellency should havo so deeply wounded so largo a num.ier of tho most devoted subjects ot his royal Allstress nnd our Protewtant Sovorelgn. — Youre, etc., W. WOOLLS RUTLEDGE. Waverley, Septemhor 20th, 1900. 