THE LORDS OF THE SOIL. By Thb Flanbur. Bbfork the white man. came along to Bpread the so called blessings of eivilization, life in the Southern Sew was as near to that of the Lotus- eater's Para dise as anyone could desire. There was nothing to do— and plenty of time to do it in Time, in fact, counted for nothing. If a man didn't feel inclined to do some pisce of work one day, he let it stand over till that day next year— and if it was ghowery, then the year after would do just as well. How happy we would be if that rule of life held good to-day. 'There was laehin-B an' latin's' of every thing good to eat and drink on hand free of charge, dancing was the hardest toil performed, and in ?hort there was nothing left to with for — except a head that would withstand the clout of a shot from an 80-ton gun of the present day. A man never knew when his happy life would be closed by his b«ing killed— but that was the oaly drawback to human existence ' down 8outh' in the brave days of yere. y ... ? o o 6.' -.'??? 'v Continuing his entertaining story of early life in the i 8outhern Seas, our racy contemporary truly ?ays that while the political complications in Fiji might form the basis for a historical romance in the style of Anthony HopeK with a copper- coloured princess, a heavy father, armed with a club,; and a . tall youag islander, dressed in cocoanut oil, as the leading characters, the adventures on board the recruiting schooner would giv« some new ideas to a Clark Russell, A thrilling episode is described in the scheme of a band of Malay ta warriors to seize a schooner. The warriors went on board and signed on as recruits for the Queensland planta tions in the ordinary way, in spite of the misgivings of the captain and- the Government agent. In the middle of the night a friendly Fiji lad gave the agent the word. The Malay ta warriors intended to capture the vessel and cook and eat the captain, the fat mate, and the crew of Oba boys at once. Two cotked pigs would be sent off from the island next evening, and if the agent opened them he would sea that the warning was true. Sure enough, the next evening an immense pig, baked whole and decked with flowers and greenery, was passed up, and the Malay ta men jostled aside all the others and gathered round to receive it. o . o o But the Government agent was on the alert, A boat boy ripped up the string sewing of the pig's stomach, disclosing a layer of yams cooked to a turn . ' Move them aside,' was the order, and there, row on row, lay 40 war axes, shining in grease, the handles gleaming with pearl. The first mate's zuddy face paled and fell, the second's jaw; dropped, the forecastle men's hands slipped to their knife-handles, and for a minute one could have heard a pin drop. The Malayta men fell back, dismay on every face — and the second pig brought forth 20 more axes. Then the captain in fierce earnest swung around the four -pounder oh tho schooner's deck, and the cannibals sullenly descended the kold. Their plot had failed, oo The destiny of women is not pleasant, as a rult, among the islands. On Malicolo, for instance, Mr. Gaggin saw a couple of fine fat pigs brought to a chief's residence by a stalwart native, whose daugh ter, a little girl of 12, wa3 running about in happy ignorance of the fact that the pigs had been brought to 'purchase ber from her father. Suddenly the old chief reached out and caught the girl between his knees. He held her, head back, broka off her two front teeth short off at the gums with a stone, and handed the screaming victim to her husband, who threw her over his shoulder and walked off on his bridal tour ; the last seen ' of the bride being her kicking legs as the pair I disappeared in the bush. All married women have their upper front teeth broken off as a eign of their matrimonial condition. Infidelity in a wife is punished by death, the victim being afterwards baked and eaten, along with the guilty companion. The same gruesome fate is reserved for a wife who bears two female children in succession. Evidently there is room for improvement in the condition of women on Malicolo. ? .'; Q.'.-MvcT ;;P;.;;.': But in other islands the women are better off, and after the kava drinking there was often even a ballet. ' The lasses sprang up,' says Mr. Gaggin, ' and danced the dance of the inflowing tide, and very pretty and poetical it was — tiny mites, with white tapa garlands to represent the little wavelets rippling on the beach, in the foreground, while the older and taller girls at the back were supposed to form the crest of the wave, and all imitated in a droning monotone the noise of the waves rolling in on the shore, . advancing, retreating, yet ever pp proaohing, as the incoming tide.' If the Fijian ballet of the flowing tide could only be introduced into a Christmas pantomime what a success it would be. ' ' ..'. .'? -? .' ?' ' ' . ' ; . : ' ? ''. o o o ' ::' Respecting the risks run by thpBe who trade with some of the South Sea Islands— those in the Solomon group especially— Mr. Gaggin decribes a night attack by half a-dozen big war canoes, fully manned, up/m the. schooner lying at anchor in the breathless calm of the tropic night. .When the crew are prepared the two six-pounders on deck are loaded to the muzz e with shrapnel, sackfuls of broken glass are kept ready to be spread on th« deck in case the natires get on board, and every man keeps his Winchester and revolver loaded ia his buak. As the canoes loom .-up ghost-like out of the darkness one of the six pounders fires a warning nhot, and instantly the canoes shoot back as fast as fifty paddles apiece can drive th-?m. The danger is over for the night. o o o If a strict watch is not kept the issue is lament ably different, and imagination dare not attempt to pry into the fate of a handful of hapless whites surprised and overborne by the savages in their thousands. The Borealis, it seems, was thus tiken at Sulohow, off the Island of Mala, a few years ago in broad daylight. The Marion Rennie, trading there, was never heard of again; the Dancing Wave was taken at Gela, and many and many another. The list would fill a page— a black page. 0 . O O Mr. Gaggin goes on to charge the British Go yernment with supineness in dealing with natives who have been guilty of bloodthirsty crimes, and declares that while other nations interested in the islands protect their subjects the British do not ' In the Solomons,' he writss, ' our prestige is pretty well gone. The natives imagine they eft* kill the British with impunity, and, upon my word, they ate very nearly right ' — so far as punishing the actual murderers is concerned. 