CHAPTER III. THE POLICE INVESTI0ATION. I The Superintendent of Police at Hawkaworth was a middle aged man, \ with a grizzled beard and hair, keen grey eyeB, and a equare, determined jaw. Those who were alight'y acquainted with him thought him hard, but those wbo knew him well declared that his gruff manner was assumed, and he had a kind, even a tender heart. “See him with sick people, or little children,” .they said—“he’s quite gentle enough then.” Dr. Frazer know this side of hla cha racter, as he had attended his wife, and had seen him at her sick-bed, whilst he had never outraged the law, and moved him to righteous severity, so that they wero on pleasant terms. He made him sit down, and explained the situation to him bristly, but clearly. “ Well, sir ; this beats everything that haB come within my experience,” Har rison said. “ I was golug off to the churchyard, when 1 heard there wasn’t to bo a funoral, and could mako nothing of It.” “I don’t wonder—It Is moat extraor dinary. How a man of Sic Walter’s position can disappear off the face of the earth In this way, leaving no trace, seems Inoredlblo." “ And yet It has happened before— with noble lords as well as poorer folks, sir. Was he mad, do you think ?’’ “ I have known him for years, and never saw a sign of It.’1 “ And, yet, It seems to me wherever he lias gone—If he has gone—must have been of his own accord, otherwise they would know something about It In the house. By-the-bye, has It been searched, Blr ?” “ No one thought of that.’1 “ It seems to me the first step to take. ; Ho might have been in a trance, as you , suggested, and como to find himself j nlone.jsnd meant to seek assistance.- bnfc ioac nra way, Doing weak and confusea. i The lako will have to bo dragged, as It Is ] as likely, being In that state, lie would \ have gone outdoors as anywhere else.” j “ Then you think he Is dead, Har rison?'1 ] “ Yos, sir, I do.’1 “ But what about the dummy figure ?” “ That’s queor, I must own, because It looks like premeditation,” “Exactly. There couldn’t have been time to got it after Sir Walter disap peared, so It muBt have been ready beforehand, and, iE so, what was the motive ? I can’t understand it at all.” “ Nor I, at prosent, unless ho Is at the bottom of the lako yonder, and those whose business it was to watch having betrayed their trust were anxious to con ceal the fact from their mistress. That’s my theory, sir, and though I may be quite wrong, I shall start on that theory, with her ladyship’s permission.” “ Lady Nell leaves everything to you, except the paying, and she wishes me 10 say that no expense is to be spared. She Is thoroughly prostrated, or she would see yon herself. As It la, she wishes yon to come to me If you find any cine, and I will break it to her gradually." “ J can quite understand ner teoungs, poor lady l" said the Superintendent sympathetically. “ And we will save her all the pain wo can, I fancy myself that the suspense will soon be over, and she will stand where she stood before—only the distress will have been prolonged.’1 “Then you will have the ornamental water dragged at once ?" “ Yes, !®lr. Which way does her lady ship’s room look out, because If It was on the water it might be desirable to get her round to the other side of the house.” Dr. Frazer reflected for a moment. “ The windows look on to the terrace,'1 he said, at last. “I remember now. You won’t begin to drag, I suppose,, until the people have left ?" “ I sha’n’t be ready just yet, sir. You will be here, I suppose V' “ Yes; I shall be here,” Dr. Frazer re plied, and his feeling was so far altered by hlo lutervlew with Lady Nell he went Into the dining-room and took some food, and took a glass of wine, standing sorely In need of both by this time. Lord Pendower lifted his eyebrows snr priaedly when he saw him enter, and seat himself at the. table, but he could not get away to Bpeak to him for awhile. As soon as he was free he made hla way down to that end of the table, and bending over the other’s chair questioned him In a low voice. Dr. Frazer told him all there waB to tell In aB few words bb possible, the other b face brlghtenng as he listened. “ Now you can see she is not guilty,” he said, when Dr. Frazer had finished. ‘ She would have tried to hush the matter up If she had been/1 “She was bound to take steps-cant you soe that?' “ Then you still suspeot her V returned \- Lord Pendower disappointedly. \- “ I did not say that. The fact Is 1 do not wish to express any opinion.” “Rather say you do not wish to be convinced,” said Lord Pendower testily. “ If I said that I should tell a lie. I ahould bo truly thankful to find that my first suspicions were lucorrect, and I can say this much truly—I am staggered If not actually convinced. Are you satisfied ; now?” , , “ No, of course ; still half a loaf is ; better than no bread. You will bolleve ) In Lady Nell one day—even as I do.’ “ I aBk nothing better,” responded Dr. ) Frazer heartily. “It goes against ones grain to think 111 of a woman, and after 1 all for a man like our friend Nell to have j loved her bo dearly ; there must have t been some good in her.’’ 1 “Yon might say that muoh of a con f vlctod murderer,” observed Lord Pen dower, annoyed at such a grudging con- ] cession, “ And you have no proofs oven I of her guilt.” i “ None whalevor." “Then you havo no right to judge her." “ That is why I asked you not to force me Into expressing an opinion, I have no baslness to havo one yet—much moro to give it voice. And then the matter may soon be cleared up. Only I should like us to get rid of all these people first of all—It would be horrible to have them i hanging round the water whilst It was j being dragged.” 1 “Hadn't I better tell Saunders to order round the carriages? I can load the way.” “ 1 would rather you stayed, if you don’t mind. 1 don’t want people to say I took too much on myself.” “ But you are aotlng under Lady NIel’B orders.” “Absolutely and eutlrely at the pre sent moment. Any plans I may form will remain In abeyance until I have carried out hers. If the last fall then I Bhall be free to go my own way. I don't fancy our police will do much good-in a case of this kind—they are not cunning and subtle enough. A Frenoh detectlve might-” “ Then why don't you persuade Lady Nell to engage a French detective V’ “Because the difference of language, habits, et cetera, would hamper him sadly over here. A French detective with French surroundings Is inimitable, but you mustn’t transplant him. And then I don’t know that she intends to employ a detective at all. She has placed the mat ter In Superintendent Harrison's hands, and he must do things in his own way.” “ Well, we shall see. I will just go and say good-bye to Lord Zoxford—I see he la just going—and I’ll tell him, shall I? the police are going to investigate the matter. People are Daturally curious, and It Is better they should have some reliable Information than be thrown en tirely on their own Invention.” “ I suppose It Is—but It Is all the talk Lady Nell la bo specially dreading.” “It must be terrible to a sensitive nature like hors, I know,” said tho young Earl, softly, “and yet how can it be helped 1 And they had better havo a grain of truth to start with—however many Ilea it gathers as It goes along. We haven’t had such a sensation as this In the county since old Sir James Farquhar murdered his young wife from jealousy, and I was quite a boy then. Ofj course they'll talk, but she need not know what they say, surely. I don’t fancy she has any great friends In the neighborhood— and she la not obliged to see anyone who calls. Can her maid be trusted ?’’ “I fancy so. I will speak to Balnea, She gives me the Idea of worshipping her mistress, and if so aho will be only too anxious to save her as much as she can.’1 Lord Zoxford came up to them at this moment, but being a gentleman he asked no questions. Hofrever, Dr. Frazer volunteered all the information it was necessary for him to havo. “ A bad business,” said the old peer, shaking his whlto head. “ I don’t under stand It at all. I should like Lady Noll to know how thoroughly I sympathise with her, and, I say, Frazer, devil take it, couldn't you have held your tongue! A ecandal like this is not pleasant In an honorable family.” “Less unpleasant than putting a dummy In the family vault, my lord, surely,” was the dry response. “ Well, I don’t know. I suppose on high moral grounds yon were right, but I have a lower standard, which Is expo dlencv, and It was such an unpleasant thing to happen fn a family.” __ 41 But, supposing Lady 'Holl had mar ried again one day, and her husband had turned up again afterwards, Lord Zox ford ?” I “ Than that would have been the un pleasantest thiDg of all,’1 he answered. Lord Zoxford belonged to the old eohcol, and swore like a trooper, just from habit, having no 111 meaning. He rather amueed the younger generation, who did not dare do likewise—the men, we mean. He would not have used an oath before a lady to save his life. Ho was a very old man, having been at Waterloo, but he had so much vitality aud spirit still, people forgot his ago, just as he forgot it himself at times. '* Of course she would have married again,1’ he said presently. “ She la a lino woman, let me tell you. She re minds me of Lady Margaret Lasoelles, who was the belle of the Besson In 1820 —before you young fellows were thought of—a divine creature, upon my soul 1" and the old poor kissed his finger-tips ecstatically. “ She was uncommonly par tial to your humble servant, everyone said, but ”—breaking off suddenly with a sigh and a smile—*‘I must toll you all about It another time, my horses won’t stand. Ta-ta,’/ and he wa3 gone. In another half-hour the house was clear of guests* both high and low, and the Superintendent began his gruesome task. But though they dragged the ornamental water carefully twice over, they found no corpse—except the kitten which had been torn from the stable oat’s loving breast a week before. After this they searched the house—an old rambling place which had been built In the early days of Queen Elizabeth’s reign—with no better result. Baines, who knew every inch of It, guided them, and pointed out two or three mysterious passages which Bhe said might lead any where. On being explored they were found to lead nowhere, as It happened, but there might be others, as Baines said, which they knew nothing about. She was a Hawksworth woman, and- remembered there had been a great talk when she was a girl of subterranean passages leading to the seashore, where Charles the Second, and some of his followers, had once been hidden.” •• They say that or moat out uuuaeo, Dr, Frazer observed, “I know: they do,./air," answered Baines, In her quiet manner, “ and no thing was ever proven, as rar as i Know, bat 1 thought I would just mention It.” “ Quito right," Superintendent Har rison said, “ only even if It had been there once, It would be choked np with rubbish now for a certainty.” “I should doubt Its having boon there myself," remarked Dr. Frazer sceptically. »* It would have been known to the family If so, and I never heard Sir Walter refer to It, even as a boy, although such subjects have great fascina tion tor lads. I often heard him regret there was no family ghost. I always spent the midsummer holidays here, and I know we explored every hole and cor ner, or that if there had been any trace of subterranean passages or caves we should have unearthed them between us.” I " So you would, air, no doubt,” said the superintendent, cheerfully, “ there’s nothing boys don’t poke their noses Into, judging by my own. And we were par i tlcularly enterprising, Sir Walter and I. i Lady Nell was not a nervous mother either, anci let us go our own way. It’s a , miracle we ever grew up we had bo many i hairbreadth Escapes both on water and i “Let us hope Sir Walter’s old luck has ) followed him Btlll, sir, and he Is alive and well at this minute.” • “If he were alive and well ho would . bo here,” replied Dr. Frazer with dool slon, “ What poB3lblo motlvo conld ho havo for hiding away ?” “And he wasn’t that sort of gentleman, either," put In Balnea. “ If I may make ao bold aa to express an opinion about my betters, there wasn’t an ounce of deception In him. And that makes mo ao sure—as I ventured to tell my lady—that he la dead and gone.” ‘1 Then where la the body 1" Inquired the Superintendent aharply. “ Really, Mr Harrison 1” exclaimed Baines, who thought him coarse, and then Bhe added significantly, “ If I knew where the remains wore there would be an end of tho mystery, for everyone else would Know too. I am not one to keep things to myself, especially when her ladyship la In such trouble.” Dr. Frazor noticed that her face softened always when Bhe mentioned Lady Nell's namo, and conld quite under stand the passionate, unreasoning devo tion a beautiful yourg mistress might Inspire. He could even picture her flying like a tigress at anyone’s throat whom she considered her enemy. Dr, Frazer was fond of studying cha racter, and he began to feel Interested In this woman, who seemed, to Kayo tho power of dominating others, and waa always consistent and calm. She soon had the Superintendent un der her thumb, and though Bhe was only a servant, and had no feminine charms, he deferred to her at last as If she wore a duchess. When they came to the door of Lady Nell’s room Baines came to a pause. " You don’t want to go In thero, of course ?” The Superintendent ought not to have hesitated, but he did, visibly. “ I shouldn’t like to cause her ladyship any Inconvenience," he replied, “ but you can’t say you have searched the whole house when you havo left one room out, can you F” Baines conceded that point. Indeed, It appeared to Dr. Frazer, who was watching her closely, that she had no reason for objecting unless It were to enhance tho value of tho concession when made. She had herself made every preparation for the Superintendent’s visit evidently, for the room was In perfect order, and Lady Nell was sitting bolt upright on a couch, fully dressed. Her face waa like marble, In Its rigid pallor, and Dr. Frazer, who was a keen observer, noticed that the corners of her mouth twitched a little from time to time, showing that her nerves were unsteady. But she bore her self finely, he was fain to confess, and she was as dignified as gracious to the Super intendent when ho appeared. “ You havo not found any trace of my husband ?” she said, In an eagerly Inter rogative tone. Then she added, with a little oatch In the breath that would have been a sob If she had not held herself with all her might, “ You—you saw nothing In tho lake ?" “ Nothing, whatever, my lady." She made no comment on this, but sat, twisting her wedding-ring round and round on her white finger—a favorite habit of hers from the earliest day of her marriago. She did notJook up when he searched In the wardrobes and Sir Walter’s dressing-room, although under different circumstances she would cer inly have been amused at Baines’ zeal, r she Insisted on showing him places lore Basil could not have hidden,mach ore his fathor. There waa a certain Im humor about the performance, as If e were laughing In her sleeve at the iperlntendent all the while. This was very rude, but It was also Iglnal, and Dr. Frazer was ready to rdon a good deal of one for the sake of 1%(?fs<t&fcff.;“T3aiefl, ’«S.V.fc. rson he had ever Been of her class who is not Impressed by the majesty of tho The search ended without any result, fines led the Superintendent and his tendant satellites Into the butler s ,ntry, and left Mr Saunders to do tho st. Then she stole softly back to her [stress's room. (To be Continued). 