A SOLDIER'S GHOST STORY. This Is a True Story told by a5 Old Pensioner to a former Chaplain of Chelsea Hospital. In the year 1799 there was a large garri. son at Dover as there was at that tame a constant expectation of an attack from France. There were six battalions at Dover, four of which were quartered in the Castle. On January 14th there happened an event which made a great impression on the garri son, and which was never explained. Among the men whose duty was sentry-go on that night was Giles Markham, a native of 'l'ewkesbusy, who was what is called "a character." A bold, boisterous, rollicking fellow, lie always loudly expressed a dis belief in things which were not vouched for by his own senses. On the night of January 14th, 1799, Giles Markham went on to take his turn of sentry duty at eleven o'clock, and he was to be at his post until one in the morning. The air was cold and bracing. Within the guardhouse a large fire blazed merrily, and the men were merry too. Markham, who was always the leading spirit among his comrades, was full of fun, and had entertained his comrades with many a story and jest. At length his turn for duty came, and lie reluctantly turned out. Dul. ness fell upon the guardhouse when he left, and most of the men dropped into a doze. The fire was beginning to burn low when suddenly the voice of the sentry at the guardhouse-door was heard calling out, and sonic one rushed into the room. Every one was awake in a minute, and the intruder was seen to be Giles Markham. His cheeks were white, his limbs trembled, his firelock, which he had brought with him, fell with a crash to the ground. The whole of the guard were by this time alarmed, and all crowded round the man and asked in one voice. ' What's the matter, Markham? What has haqpened ?' ' I have seen my mother,' gasped the un happy man. * Seen the devil I' said the sergeant. 'And suppose you have, why did you quit your post?' ' Was I to go into the sentry-box while my mother was here?' demanded Markham, shaking from head to foot as if in an ague fit. ' I tell you, I couldn't do it-no, not if it were to save my life.' ' It won't do, Markham,' said the sergeant. Recollect that there are such things as the Articles of Var. It won't do to crack your jokes at the expense of them.' But Markham's manner so impressed the men that some of then almost unconsciously noted the time by the guardroom clock. ft was five-and-twenty minutes to one, and a memorandum was made of the time. ' I am sorry for you, Markham,' said the sergeant, ' but this must be reported to the officer, and you must take the consequences.' ' I don't care what the consequences may be, or to whom you report me,' he replied. When the officer arrived he, of course, de manded an explanation. Markham, who hail by this time recovered his self- composure, then gave the following account of his ad venture - ' You know where my post was,' he said, ' on the platform of Number Five battery, which overlooks the sea. The sentry whom I relieved reported ' All well.' Over the surface of the Channel, as far as my eves could reach, not a thing was moving. the noises from the town grew every moment less and less, and at last they died away, so that when the clocks struck twelve there was not a sound except the roar of the sea. I have often done duty on that post before, but never have I felt the silence as I did to-night. I was thoroughly depressed by the stillness and loneliness around me. And then I fell a-thinking. I thought of my past life, and I knew that it had not been all it ought to have been. I thought of my mother, and I remembered how she used to weep over my father's loose life-and it was a very loose life-and how she used to pray that I might turn out a better man than he was. Poor mother ! I stood beside the gun, and wept like a baby as I thought of her, and of what she would think of me now. After a time the feeling wore off, and I laughed at myself for giving way to silly sentiment alisn. I faced about and walked to the end of my beat, and then, feeling tired, made for the sentry-box. Sir, you may not believe me, but as there is a heaven above us, there at the box stood my mother. She was pale, and looked at me with an expression of sorrow that cut inc to the heart. I was glued to the spot. I could not move. I heard her voice. She said, 'This day twelve months we shall meet again.' The words smote me, and I who was never frightened before, quaked with fear-fear of what I know not. I tried to speak, but couldn't. At length I found feeling return to my legs, and I bolted. Believe nme as you like, every word I have said. sir, is true.' ' You have told a strange story, Mark. ham,' said the officer, ' to account for your commission of a serious military offence. But I will do this much for you. A prisoner you must be, and a report must be sent in to morrow to the colonel; but he shall be told your tale, and as you have been a good soldier I will beg his leniency for you. You are a native of Lewketbury, you say. Does your mother live there?' 'I have every reason to suppose so, answered Markham. ' It is years since I have seen her or written to her.' ' Very well,' said the officer, ' your mother shall be written to; and your fate will depend on the answer.' Markham was kept a prisoner that night, and was reported next morning. Two letters were despatchied by the colonl, one to Markham's mother, and another to the clergyman of the parish in which she was supposed to reside. In due course there came back answers to both letters. One was in the handwriting of Markham's father, and the other from the parson. The latter stated that he had received an intimation the ver' nmorning when the colonel's letter reached him that the womafi concerning whom the inquiries had been made was to be builed next day. Markham, senior, in his letter stated that his wife bad died at half-past twelve on the night of January 14th. The news made so much impression on the colonel that Markham was released. Time rolleti on until a year had gone, and Markham's regiment was at Ashford. When January 14th came round again Markham seemed as healthy as ever. He had gone through a hanl fatigue dut3 in the day, and when lbcitimie caime he gldy tumbled in, sayimg a elheery' " Good-ngh" to his com railes. That was at ten o'clock. Some two hours anil a half altem-wards one of the men of Markham's compuoiy, who had had leave to hb' late, eamie in, and wvas a bit noisy. Some of the men woke up, and Markham's voice was hearil saying, * I anm coniing, niothier.' It runs 12.30 on the 14th January. Markham wvas found deadh in his bed the next nmirninig, svithu a peaceful, happy look iii his face. 