HIS OWN ACCUSER CHAPTER IV. (Continued.) BY HOUGHTON TOWNLEY, AUTHOR OF "DAZZLED." Should he tell her? Should he tell the truth, the whole truth, there end then, while her kisses were still warn upon his lips? Should lio tell her? He could not' decide. He gazed earnestly and sadly into her face as he held her, She repented her ques tion, but as he gazed into those trussing eyes his conscience told him that ho must- not make her a partner in his guilty secret. Ho said in his heart, “I am a murderer; aho must never, never know it!” Pauline’s dog, tired of being ignored, en deavored to make his presence felt by leap ing up ta Phil and barking vigorously. •‘Down, Bess, down!” cried Phi), glad of anything to divert the conversation, "See, Pauline, Bess objects to my taking so much notice of you. Let us walk on a little.'* He slipped his arm through hors, and they passed mto the wood, dim with twilight shadows. Neither spoke for a time, and even Bess trotted along silent and subdued. Pauline had never known Phil like tills— so gloomy, so reserved. His manner chilled ana depressed her, and, by degrees, she divined with womanly instinct' that some cloud had descended between them, end tilings were no longer trn (bey us *d to be. The change was incomprehensible. As they penetrated deeper into the wood, Bess growled ominously and plunged into tlfo bracken. Presently they heard her a little way off, barking vigorously, (hen n scuttcring, and crackling of branches, a somebody in the thicket made off, “What is it cried Pauline, in alarm ; “call her back, Phil," “Poachers, I expect," said Phil, dashing into the bushes; “the place swarms with them.” Ho was too latCj the intruder had disappeared. "Como back, Phil!” cried Paulino, in ter ror ; “if they are poachers they may shoot you," Phil reluctantly returned, followed by Bess. “Come away from the place, Phil," plea ded timid Pauline, with scared face. "I ao hate the thought of poachers Mid game keepers, and all people who shoot_and kill dumb animals, and sometimes they shoot human beings and commit murder!” He allowed her to lead him out of the wood, but her words rang in his ears. How she would loathe him if she know! He felt stilled. H-j wanted to get away— tight away from all the world where he could forget the horrible secret throbbing in his train. Conscience, merciless con science, was racking his soul. He tried to still the voice, but it whispered, “Muidcrert murderer! murderer!” beating time with his heart. Pauline talked to him cheerily, though she herself felt sad ; she tried to raise his spirits but lie scarcely heard the words she uttered ; the voice of conscience drowned even them with tho ghastly taunt, “Murderer! What right have you to i‘he love of a good and beautiful woman?" They walked in silence side by side, as lovers do, Phil’s thoughts on the j ast, hers on (lie future. The recent death of Eddie Wilde and tho scare in the wood had soti her thoughts going in a nervous strain. Presently she drew her arm through Phil's, and 'ooked up into his troubled face . “Phil,” she said, softly, “I want you to do roe a great favor?” “What is it. darling?" “I am afraid you will laugh at me, but— but you know what a honor I have of shoot ing and killing?" “Yes,” he answered, with a start, “Well, I want you to promise me to give up shooting and never touch a gun again!" “W—why?" he stammered. “It is only my fancy, and a very foolish one no doubt, but—but it seems so cniol and so dangerous, and—and it Is the only thing I have ever asked you to give up for my sake. Will you do it, Phil ?" Ho was trembling and pale as ho looked into her soft blue eyes. ’ In his own there was a wild earnestness she could rot under stand. He raised his hat from his head, and looking heavenward, there and then look an oath. “Yes, before my Maker," ho cried, “ I swear it—I will never touch a gun more — never! an long ns I live, so help me, God!” Then, overcome by the tempest raging within him, lie clasped her to his heart, sob bing like a woman. “Pauline, Pauline, you must bear with mo!” he cried ,r Tou—you cannotundcralnd and—and I cannot explain.” “Phil, Phil, tell me what it is !’’ she cried, clinging to him in alarm. “Tell me. What have I said—what have I done ?" “I cannot tell you.” “Tell me, Phil—tell me what 1 can do to comfort you.” “You can do nothing, Pauline. Leave me. to my wretchedness," “I. cannot leave you so, Phil.” “Yes, yes," lie said, mastering himself with an effort, “better go. It is getting dark. There is the high road again. Good bye.” Once more ho kissed her, then turned and hurried away, leaving her astonished and hurt, gazing after him with tear-bedimmed oyes until no disappeared in tho darkness of tho wood. She almost expected he would return, but she was disappointed. Ho had fled from her in so strange a mood. What could it mean? CHAPTER Y. THE 6UK IK THE WOOD—WHOSE IS IT ?—AKOTHER SHOOTING AFFAIR —A VOICE IK THE STORM. Let us go again into the wood to the point whore tho watchful collie had scented mis chief. It is getting dark. The sun has set and twilight mists are settling over the fields. In the wood it is darker still, but there is just enough to distinguish the footpaths. The hazel bushes here and there stand out like giant goblins, while the little patches of light in between take upon themselves the likeness of grey ghosts. Deep in tho wood, Whore no footpaths, mark tho way and the bracken covers all the ground, two men arc cautiously moving ono behind the other, making their way with difficulty through the entangled bushes. Tho foremost is acting as guide to the second, in whose heavy, slouching figure it is easy to recogiu.se Joe Cassidy. “It's down ’ere or ’crcabouts, Job,” said tho first man. “I was just a-laying 'old of it by the barrel when a bloomin’ great sheen dorg comes a snapping round my 'eels and I cut it slippy," Tho man spoke with an accent __ that stamped him at once as bailing from White chapel It was Cassidy’s friend Kobson, the poacher, a light, spare man, slippery as an eel and alert as » squirrel, with merry twinkle in his eye and a joke ever ready at the tip of his tongue. “Are to sure it’s about ’ere?” said Job, in a whisper, turning to the left. “It was under a big bush with a little bush aside of >U Hist! what was that?" Both men stopped and listened. “Bnin’t nothing,” said the stolid Job, after a moment “Thu wind’s a-getling up. that’s all Wo shall have ram afore long." “It seems a bit lonesmo here, don’t it?" aaid Kicky, peering <nto the gloom of the ' wood. “X feel nervous like, as if keepers was about.” “No fear of keepers," grunted Job. “Ah! ’ere we are,” said Kicky, suddenly stopping before a bush and kicking away the bracken from tho bottom; “it’s m ’ere,” “Where?" “Here,”- said Kicky, dropping on his knees. “Strike a light,.' Job struck a light, which fluttered in the breeze and wont out. “All right, I see it,” said Kicky, divmg hia hand into the underwood ; “here it is," and he drew out from its hiding-place a double-barrelled gun. “Jyght another, and let’s have a look at ’hu.” Job lit another light, and kneeling beside his companion ran the light along the gun, examining it from muzzle to stock, “One trigger’s cocked, Job. It’s loaded ; bo keerful It’s a good '«n. ain’t it?” “Beauty, replied Job, laconically. “Whose is it ? That’s wliat I want to know,” said Nicky; “that's a gun, one os cost a twenty-pun note at least.” “Wot’* it mean, Job ?” whispered Kicky, n dunno ” “X know, Job—it mean* shoutin’.” “Of course it docs ; any fool know# that. It’s a gun, ain’t it?” said Job. testily. “But wot does the gcn’leman want to hoe it for, ch? I oamo upon it looking for a place to set a snare, and I was sur «nsed so mdden by the dorg that I ’ad to bolt like winking. Let's T av« another look at it Strike another light Again a light flickered unsteadily in the wind, which was rising rapidly and moaning ! mournfully through the lonely expanse of the wood. “Hush!" cried Kicky, suddenly dashing tho light out of his companion's hand. “Listen I X knew I 'card bummat" There was a lull »n the wind, and for a while tho rustling leaves were still. “There s someone in the wood, 1 swear, wliispered Nicky, Both men listened again. “There, don’t you hear it t” “Better pul it back agam,” whispered Job. “Liston! there, again!’ “Put it back," said the timid Job } “it gives me the creeps to see you a-listenin’ when I can hear nothing. Put it back- It wouldn't do for you or me to bo found with a cun the likes o’ that about us. Nicky slipped the gun back under the hedge softly, and listened again. “Como away, Nickcy. we ” “Down, Job, down, ‘ wliispered Nicky, ly ing down almost flat on h<s face, and pu fl ing Job down with him. “Keep still Can’t you hear now?—on the other side of the bush.” Both men lay as still as death. Some one was creeping through the bracken stealthily, stopping every new and then and feeling w»th his feet for something on the opjrfisitc side of the bushes. “The gun! the gun! . was tho thought -n-Kioh fiaahcJ the mind* of the two men at tho same time ; “he’s looking for the hidden gun.' After a while the ■ stealthy figure came right opposite them—they could see a mov ing shadow through the bushes. It stopped again, and for a moment there was silence. Nicky’s hand was resting lightly on the muzzle of tho gun, and before he quite real ised tho fact, it wos drawn quickly through from the other side of tho hedge. So disappointed was Nicky ol the pro spect of losing his newly-found prize that ho altogether forgot himself. Uttering a lialf-smthcred exclamation, he jumped up. An inarticulate cry of terror broke from the lips of tho seeker of the gun, and tho i crashing of the branches showed that the I newcomer had turned, and was decamping I hurriedly. Nicky, now that ho was certain it was not a keeper ho had to deal with, slipped round the bush in a moment, followed slowly by ! Job. “Come back, Nicky, ’ cried the cowardly I Job, hoarsely. I But Nicky was dashing expertly through the cracking branches pursuing tho retreat ing shadow, and in a shorter space of time than it takes to describe was near enough to grab at the man. “Drop that gun!” he cried with an oath.„ For answer the black shadow threw him off and levelled the gun. There was a flash, a loud renort, and a cry from the terrified Job behind, who wont with a crash through the bracken ns he fell to the earth. Tile figure disappeared, and Nicky, thoroughly frightened, though unhurt, turned back to Job, who was moaning loudly. “Are you hurt, Job?" lie asked. “I dumio," groaned Job. “Dunno? If you diumo, you ain’t. If you was, you’d know fast enough. And Wliat’s this I’ve got?’’ said Nicky. “S’clp mo if it ain’t 'is bloomin' necktie! I must 'a pulled it off when I grabbed ’im. And there’s a pin m it too! Give us one ol your lights, Job ; I’vo got a bit of candle in my pocket WeTl see what’s tho damage. It can’t bo much.” Tho candle was lighted with difficulty. “It’s in mv left foot, i think,” blubbered Job. “Lot’s look. Yus, yev boot’s tore. Take it off!” The boot was unlaced and taken off, “Your stocking ain’t tore nor marked, and, s’elp me, Job, listen what’s inside your boot!” said Nicky, rattling it. He dived his hand into the boot “Blest if it am’t a shot! My! what a brute ! Keep that, Job, for luck.” The moaning wind blew the candle out, leaving them again in darkness profound, and Nicky muttered a curse. “Slip on ycr boot again, Job,’’ and .come along out of this," wliispered Nicky, lower ing his voice again as if awed by tho solemn stillness of the wood. “This ’ere business is best thought out quiet. Let’s get across to the ‘Bakers Arms,’ and ’avo a look at the necktie.” Job scrambled clumsily to his feet, and shook himself a? if still uncertain whether he had not sustained more serious damage, but finding himself unharmed, followed his nr live comrade, who was groping hisJ way in the darkness through the rustling brac ken. The wind rises and falls in little gusts, then all is still again save tho leaves, that keep up a whispering among themselves after the wind lias lulled. Silence, the profound silence of the country, broods over the lonely wood. There arc no stars in the sky to relieve tho blackness ; tho heavens seem to have descended upon “ho earth ; the air is inky black, and the land sable velvet. Now tbo rain begins to fall; softly at first; you cannot see it, but you can hear it pattering on the leaves. Soon it pours. There is no wind now, only the hiss of the rain as it imlts on to the dry earth. The. a low nimble of thunder ; tho founda tions of the black darkness Asom to shake ; and tho rain hisses and hisses, louder and louder, as though tho earth were swarming with legions of lighting imps. The two poachers make their way out of the wood in the direction of the town. By this time tho rain is falling in sheets. “Quick, Job, cut across tho fields. Come on. Look slippy, or we shall bo drenched. My blow it is cornin’ down! There's a re senoyer busted up above, I should sny, by the way it's pelting.” “Como under a tree,” suggested Job, “Not me! Listen to that,” said Nicky, as a crash of thunder shook the heavens. There was nothing to guide then but the distant twinkling lights, blurred by the sheets of falling rain. “Keep close. Job, and run for it,” said Nicky. The two men started off at a heavy trot, stumbling blindly in the darkness. How it rained They could hear it buz zing ail around tHem, arid it drenched them through and through. Job Cassidy kept close by his friend, for he was afraid of the night and the storm—os coward)}' as a schoolboy. Next a flash, and a crash ns though the world had split in twain. For a moment the landscape was illumined far and wide with a sulphurous bhlo liglit, weird and awful ; tho earth flashed out exaggerated mvl distorted like a glimpse of hell in a horrible dream. A cry of terror broke from the lips of Job Cassidy, and lie grasped the arm of his com rade. “Did you see that?” he cried. “Yes,” said tho other, hoarsely. In the open field, and passing before them, they had seen the ghostly form of a man. Job clutched his friend in terror, and Nicky’s tooth began to chatter.. *. ■ “Shut up, ycr fool!’ cried Nicky* It was only one crossing the field.” Another blinding flash lighted up the field, and again they saw the apparition— this time farther away. Job gave a wild shriek of terror, and fell “on his knees praying to God for mercy. “Job! Job! you bloomin’ funk, stow that!” said Nicky, shaking him roughly. “Arc yor going mad, yer fool, becos’ yer see a bloke caught in a storm like yourself?” “It was Will!” moaned tho wretched man, “it was brother Will! Hanged! and 1 did it!” ho wailed in his terror, and his voice rang out through Another from tho terror-strickraxlbut. no sign of Ihc J^,4utclied his friend, and tod. Ills his comjlhdion, and Nicky, ncversA fejt his legs shaking benealh^l^^^XSA^" “Job, don’t go n-frightcnSYfßeTike that!” he whispered, hoarsely, “Hold tighten to me, and come on. The ‘Arms’ ain’t more ’an five hundred yards off. Como on.” Arm in arm they shuffled onward in the darkness, firs* walking cautiously, then ruii- I ning, until they reached the high road, when Nicky’s courage returned sufficiently ‘ to allow him to give Job a sound rating for i his strange behavior. | “I really should ha’ thought as you’d ha’ j knowed hotter. Tor carried on jest liko j as though you’d 'got ’em/ strike me lucky ll yotj ditJ&’t!?. said -Kicky, with offended. dignity. , ' * , ' Job tpok no npltoo, but tramped on Olo*e betide bis- Mend, blabbering softly.- - Poor wretch 1 Ids grief was very real “Look ’ere, Job," said Kicky, “since your unfortunate brother got 'ting for shooting ,i keeper in that little affair in which we ■ill ’oil an ’and you’ve bin a different man ; an’ if vou take my tip you’ll shut your mouth, ‘and keep that flapper of yours from wobbling too much about who the real person ■ was as knocked over the keeper. If you asks me who it was I should say os oil three of us brin’ there we all three d.d ;t, and if vou go about blubbering after •Brother WtiU,’ ” said Nicky, mimicking Job’s manner of speech, “jtTl bo a bad thing for your mother as she ever ’aid twins. D'ye understand?” . “Yes," said Job, somewhat sobered, . “Well, then, ’ere we arc. Come along in and get some wet inside as well as bout,” Tho “Baker's Arms" was a cosy wayside inn. The "doors opened on to a anug little bar lighted with a hanging lamp. To the left there was a sanded tap-room, and to the right a bare, old-fashioned apartment digni fied by the name of bar parlor. Tho bar was empty now except for a stolid country lass who acted in the dual capacity of housemaid and barmaid when required. Tho sight of the shining pewters and glit tering glasses all In rows behind the counter roused Nicky to something like his ordinary good humor. “Good evening, miss. Wet, ain’t it?” “Yes, it is,” replied the stolid maid; with an expression which added, “Orders, please.'^ “X presume- you ain’t drying no clothes to day, miss?” No reply from the stodgy barmaid. “Becos if you was n-drying anythink bn the line, I was a-goin’ to suggest as *ow you might ‘ang my friend.out too.-.Eilooks a bit moist, don't 'e ? Or if you 'os a couple of umbrella- stands you can spare you might lend ’em to us, and we’ll stand in Vem to percent ourselves drippin’ on to the floor and flooding tho establishment” Again no reply from the stolid barmaid, who, having no sense of humor, looked upon a facetious remark os an impertinence. “Well, then, two pots of four ale for me and my friend the Dook of Westminster.” Then with a jerk of his thumb towards his melancholy comrade, “This is the Dook.” Job looked very solemn, and the jouc fell flat. Soon, however, both wore drinking with great relish, stopping at intervals to listen to tile bursts of thunder and the pelt ing ram. .After a while tho two men were loft alone, the stolid barmaid being summoned away by a voice from a distant kitchen. Job pulled Nobson by the coat, beckoning him to tho empty taproom, “Come in 'ere and let’s 'ave a look at that there necktie.” “Anybody there?” “No.” “Right you are, bring in tho gargle." Seated in tho sanded tap-room, Nicky produced the necktie and pin, glancing ner vously round like a thief. “Diamonds I” was Job's first exclamation «:i catching sight of the pin. “Diamonds ? Glass, Job ! ’Ere, you take the necktie, and I’ll stick to tho pin,” “Halves, matq,” sail Job, sullenly; “Diem’s diamonds. I ain’t sich a fool as you take me for.” “Ko, you're mighty cute, Job, you are. Berhajw you can tall mo who it is about this neighborhood as wears a pin like that.” “Ko, I can’t.” “Becos I'm most anxious to give it back, I am ; but after tho gent's rude behavior I don’t think I shall trouble. It wam’t a keeper ns I collared, Job, was’it? and that warn’t a keeper’s gun wo found ? The ques tion is, who was it as wanted to hide his gun, and what for? That’s what I want to know, Job." “It’s shoot in’," said Job, in a lialf whis per, and with a lialf frightened look. “1 could ha’ tola you that,” said Kicky, testily. “iS'wolp mo. Job, I do believe you’re going dotty.” "It’s sliootin’ men, I mean. Kicky. Mur der and ho dropped his voice lower still and glanced timidly around. “Look 'ere, Job/ ? said Kicky, grasping bis pewter in a threatening manner, “drop i*! dye beer? Your mind is a-running on that tack a bit too much to-night. “Ay, and it’ll run on it a good bit more.” Both men started to their feet in alarm, and Kicky thrust tho necktie and pin into his jKickct, for the outer door was suddenly burst open with a hang ns some one jinr riedly entered the bar for shelter. They could hear him breathing hard, as though lie had been miming, and stamping his feet and shaking the dripping rain from his hat Job slid along the bench to look through tho crack of the door for the newcomer, b-ifc the man’s back was turned. He could only sco that he was dressed in broadcloth, wiDi a light summer overcoat buttoned up to his chin, but the figure was familiar. The barmaid returned to her post to serve the newcomer. “Give mo some brandy,” he gasped, 'Tin wot through.” “Yes, sir.” I he stolid barmaid became very energetic and bust ed out into tho back room ( . n d whispered to somebody, Li a moment the fat landlady herself ap peared, wiping her bands on lior apron, in tent upon serving the customer herself. He was evidently on© of some importance, but her greeting was more civil than cordial. “Good evening, sir, good evening. The rain is “Kcver mind tho rain, give me some brandy.” “Yea sir, certainly. What brandy would you like?" "Brandy, woman, brandy; any kind of brandy. I shall catch my death of cold.” “Yea, sir.’ “Who is it, Job ; do yer know ’im?” whis pered Nicky to his friend, peering through the crack of the door. “Yes, I know ’im," replied Job, between his clenched teeth. “Let’s 'ave a look.” He pulled Job aside and took possession of ihc point of observation. The gentleman in tho bar was now facing in tho direction of tho tap-room door, with Dio leaden counter, while with the other he thought he was aiono, the bar being empty. He supported himself with one hand upc« the leaden counter, while wilr the other he unbuttoned bis coat. Hia face was ashen, and his eyes dilated as with tho recollection of some recent terror. "Looks for all the world as if the coppi.'S was on 'is track, and not far behind, neitlier,\” whispered Kicky. *T've) eeec that look afore now in the looking glass." Tho object of his scrutiny l.ad by this time unbuttoned his coat from top to bot tom. * Job felt himself suddenly clutched by his comrade. ... “Look ! look! look, Job!” whispered Kicky in suppressed excitement, making room tor his friend to poop. “Well, what?" asked th e dull-witted Job, after a disappointed scrutiny. “Can’t yer see ? Look again. Look at ’is neck.” “Can’t see nothin’.” “Can’t yer see, Job, ’is necktie’s gonv?” Job began to comprehend. “It was 'is’n,” he whispered. “It was ’is gun—the ono what he shot ” '“Eh?” “ITI tell you when he’s gone, mate.” (To bo Continued). Mother: I am surprised, ray dear, that you suffer a man to kiss you! Daughter: But, mamma, I don’t call it suffering. 