THE OLD THIEF'S FATAL DREAM. HAUNTED BT AH OILSKIN SUIT Tbe clever writir of tbe series of character sketches in the'-Westmineter Gar- ette,' who baa ?? created ' Archie Sloss, the ootorous Glasgow burglar, tells in his most recent article how tLe old roan was befooled by a dream. He says : — There is snuffling piety about Archie. His efforts are leavened with tenible knowledge, with bitter experience. I ventured to aik him about Danny Burns. *? Ob, yes, seid Arubie, ' Daony knows my career Danny and me got that seven years I was a tfllin' feu of together. We was both in tbe same job.'' ' Ob, th»t's how it was ! What was tbe job Archie ?' 'Well, we was both down on the knuckle— stony brcke — tbe drink bad fair got bold at us— tocls gone, clothei gone— we was right on the knuckle. ' It's a bad lookout, Danny,' says I— we was takiu' a ramble down Oxford-street one dark night— long ago now — about twelre o'clock, bstb as dry as a lain. 'Archie,' says Danny, see— there's a swell bloke ! ' He'd just come in the light ef a lamp. ' Let's cop him, Danny,' sa)8 1. ' You get in front of him — quick. And I'll put the bug on.' ' Witb siealtbly gestures wliich made my flesh creep, Archie played tbe drama for me— aud put the hug on my humble person. Two handbi ful ot beny fingers round my threat, head fixed in a fleshy rice, a gasp, a horrid gurgle. In the middle ot Ihe Ponlevillt-road I was rifled of all my possesieDS, and left for dead— so to r-peak. ' Archie ! gently ! ! So that's puttii g the bug od, is it ? Well, I'm glad you've teen, til* erriirr of your ways ill' ' Sixty pound was in the pocket-book,' Archie went on, not heeding my exclamations, ' Sixty pound— but wo never see the colour of it; we bo?h had to fly, Danny dart! one nay, I another, and they copped as both. We met in tbe dock, and weat to PorlUud together — seven years for highway robbery with violence. And that were the last job I done with Danny Burns. But we was eeon separated.' ' Sep arated ! ' ' Aye— and a very loug distance.' ' Oh ! bow was that ? ' ' By a dream.' And making our way slowly towards King's Cross, ArcLie related the following incidents to me. heedless of the bum of men, tbe toll of trBffi:. ' Wben I done my solitary confinement tbey takes me r ff—cbetns and all— to tbe quarries ngin, and puts me in a quiet corner smootbiu' stones— big stones tbey was, too, weighed more nor a ton tach. Tbey shewed me bow to do it, and Uen left me tomgr derices. 'Well,' says I, ? Archie ! this is a (lice easy jub as they're given ye. Easier nor long banded shovels, easier nor picks, end sat- ruor whetlioc a barrow along a foot plank by it lor g ways. Give me tarry Hi my. No fear of bretku' your neck at tLii job.' So I grinds away at the stone until I feils tired, which nss very soon, aud thtu 1 hita me dowa to get my wind agio. ' Hallo ! Archie, what evt-r'a that ? ' 1 cried. I was fair taken aback, for I thought I see the warder hangin' up by a boi k in tLe tool hut, close to mo. I looks xgia— bard. Is it a dead man p ' s»ys 1. Then I bunt out laughing. It was only a suit of oihkioii dtriu', but it give me a bad turn, bein' raj ther weak alter so much bread and water. But that uight I set 'em agin — they comes a wallfin' in un nothin', makin' no noise, an' gleamin1 all yellow in the daik— tbe whole fcuit o' oilikios, sou'-wetter an' all. I'm not a mm that's easy tkcered, but if ever I was it was then, ' Arctic, Archie.' ' Good Lord ! he's a -talking' to me ! ' 1 cries. I sits op in my bed, the sweat pourin' i ff me. ' Archie, it said agin, 'Why don't you put me on and ikedaddler' And thtn it flew out o' the wilder— bars notwithstanding. Wben tbe warder leaves me to my business in tbe mornin'. I lifts my lamps (my tyes, of coone),and there he was haDgin' up from the 'ook as much like a dead man aa erer. ' You villian I' cries I , abakin' my Gut; at him, all my irons ringing l'ke a blacksmith's st op. ' Wbat d'ye mean by diMutbin' of a 'ard workin'mau at his rest ? Wbat d'ye mean by it ?' And then I Biopped as if I were frese. *1 will put ye on and skedaddle '.' cries I. I should nerer hare thought of it if he hadn't put it into mr head. I bears some o' the men titteriu'. 'Why are they langbiag ?' says I. But I uever turns my head, though every second I expecks to bear the alarm. But no — and soon I reaches the bridge. ? Arobie !' says I. ? Archie— another minute and ye'U bs safe acrost, and hi for sweet liberty !' I steps baldly on to tbe bridge, and tramps along towards the sentry, who stood about midway. ' Whs got s there P Halt !' he cries. 1 Hullo I' I says, aad my heart fair lept to my moutb. His gun wai up and piotin' at me. * Don't fire, ye fool,' I shouts ; ' I'm a free man goin' home to my wife and ubilder.' There were lets o' free men worlds' about tbe place you know. ' WhD are ye ?' he cries, standin' close to me in tbe middle of the road, still aimiu'. * Don't, I tell ye. I'm a free man— Archibald Sloss — goia* homo to my wife and cbilder.' I was quite angry with him. \- ' Goin' home to your wife and children !' he ones, claps bis band on me, pulls open my yellow coat— and tteerwaimy nice iron bangles and my sheens exposed to view. It was an awful expoaure. ???— * Will ye surrender quietly ?' says be, diggin' me with tbe end of tbe bayonet, and tben be whistles, and in a minute 1 was surrounded. Well, it eouldti' t be helped ; ' but,' says 1 to tbe sentry, ' why didn't you take my word ?' With tbat tbey all begins t/i laugh. V- ' Take your word ! — word of a man what wean a oilskin suit when the sun's a-sbiuia' 1' And so it was, and 1 fair gnashed my teeth to think bow I'd been deceived. ?' They march, me to my cell, and nil tbe way I kep' basgin' the oilskin suit about and abosin' it—' Why don't ye put me on and ske daddle ? ' Oh ! damn yez, I made up my mind I'd never put trust in a ghost no more sever. I've nerer believed in 'em since. Tbe liars. Well, I knew I was in for it now. The next day I'm brought before the Governor, aid I'm charged firstly— with stealin' the oitskino ; secondly, with trjin' to make my escape. ? Archie,' says I, ' It's like a sermon, wilb its firstly and its secondly — and what'll thirdly bo P ' I knew. * It's nil quite right, sir,' says I. ' I've tried and t»ilc3. I'll try agin, tbougb.' In a week's time comes tbe rititing magis trate. ' Is it true ? ' »»ys he. ? What's tbe good o' aakin' me,' says I. ' You won't believe me, whatever I nay.' Yen— 1 will if you speak tbe truth.' ? Well, sir, it's tuis way— when toe Governor geto a lot c' couvicts and hands them orer to the warder, it's bis business to keep 'em, ain't it f And on tbe other hand, it's the business of the eonriots— to get away if they can. What do you say, sir P Now, ain't I telling tbe truth.' 'Ob!' says the visiting Magis trate) angry like, ' There— didn't I eay you wouldn't believe me I knowed it.' ' Did you steal tbe warder's oilskins P' ? Sieal 'em, no. I took the loan of 'em— that's all.' ? Well, for borrowin' 'em you saall hare a month's bread and water, and twenty-eight more poundB weight of irons— forsix months. Oh I thank ye, old fellow. Pile it op.' ' And for attempting to escape you saall have a warm breakfast to morrow SDOroinj' — and fifty lashes. And you'U wear the canary jacket.' * Thaak ye. sir, then I will be a toff. Fancy me in a canary jacket 1 Kind I den't Sap my wines asd By an;.' All that night I saw yellow agin — only this time it waa a bird, tbe like o' which I'd nerer seen afore, sitting astride a cat wi' nine tails, whizzing o'er me. I tossed and turned, and were tryin' to oslcb the thing all night through. I waa fair tired out in the moroisg. At half- j past five tbe brll rings, aud up I gets, wasbis' mysrl', clpans my cell, nod iite me down. 'Arcbip,' says I, ? I wonder if it hurts '—fur I'd never bad aey befure. ' Well, eld man, ye cau't grumble, enyweys. You've wrought for it, and it's only your deserts.' I was a fair minded man. I'd have made a good judge, I believe, if I'd bren properly i-ddic.ted. But as Hit time went en my back brgius to creep badly. ' Cbe«r up, Arohi'V says I. Aye. I was always a talkin' to mysel'. I'd no other friend as cared for me so much as Archie. ' Cheer up— neve mind— bear it like a man, and ye'll have a nice warm brukkfas' instead o' that coir! water acd dry bread.' And. sure enough, tbey bnr gs me a bowl o' hot cocoa and some bread and butter. At ten they leads me out to exicutiou. They strips me to tbe waist, lasbis me to the triangle, aud in a minute down comes number one.1 Vny warminV says I. ' Knives ! ' says I to auinbtr two. Hut they couldn't eet a yell out o' me. With number three cornea hlnod. Buttnty i.ever got more nor a groau out o' my poor body. No. WLen it wisfivtr aod I'd had my filty, tbey takes me tD my cell, trashes my back aud dri-tseft it with hog's lard. 'Oh, Paradise !' criis I. ' But I »aj worse nor I tbougLt. ' Take him to tht liispital.' so)8 the doctir. in the afternoi u. ' Oh ! you foolish an,' he s«ys ' Why don't yi-u bihnve juureelf.' ' Behave myself ! Para dise ! ' I murmurs. I oould scarcely renlrtin :ny joy ' Paradise ! ' I bad chou», beef tea, nrrowroot, rioe puddeo, potatjs. I lies soft and warm. I gets lots o' baccy. Lots o' talk. Aud nothing to do. Behave mvs( If ! I lived like a proper Dook for five wieks— and on Ihe sixth MondaT my name was read out to go to Australy as a despurate oharacter. He ! a dfBperale character. I was like a lamb. And that's bow me and Danny Burns got separated— all along of a dream.' 