ANfGLtCAN SYNOD. THIRD DAY. HOBART, Wednesday. The Bishop took the chair at 2.30 p.m. Questions. In reply to the Rev. C. Vaughan, the Bishop said that the resolutions on' page 114 in the digest were operative, and he believed they were enforced. Rector v. Churchwarden. In reply to the Rev. B. K. Collisson, the Bishop stated that Captain De Hoghton had admitted having made use of the words he was charged with using in St. Mark's Church, Brighton, on April 22, but it was not expedient to comment on the matter until a com plete investigation had been made. Captain De Hoghton was about to move the following motion:-"That the synod learns with regret that the practice of seeking to induce auricular confession exists in this diocese, and expresses its decided opinion that such is opposed to the true teaching of the Church of Englrald in this diocese, and declares that such practice is most re prehensible," Whereupon Archdeacon Whitington said he held the motion was out of order, it being in contravention of the church constitution. Referring to auri cular confession, he contended that it was the duty of a clergyman to induce persons to make auricular confessions, and quoted the Prayer Book in support of his statement. The resolution in its present form could not be passed, because it was at variance with the Prayer Book. He presumed what Cap tain De H-oghton was about to attack was the habitual use of auricular con fession. In that case the motion was admissible. He would suggest an amendment in this direction, as he had no desire to burke discussion. The Bishop suggested that the mover of the resolution substitute the word "enforce" instead of "induce." Captain De Hoghton amended the resolution as indicated, and, speaking to it, said the Dean of Hobart was in the practice of taking candidates for confirmation aside and telling them that it was their duty to confess their sins to the clergyman.. The Dean" of Hobart said, in explana tion, that he taught confession, and he held it was- his duty to do so; but he also told candidates it was not compul-. sory. It was always understood that the candidates were free to confess. if they chose. Mr. Bernard Shaw confirmed , the statement made by Captain De Hogh ton, and said the Dean had told him it was his practice exactly as Captain Do Hoghton had stated. Captain De Hoghton, continuing, quoted from the Prayer Book in sup port of his arguments, and showed that the man should take the initiative in desiring confession. He also quoted at length from the Archbishops of Canter bury and York and other eminent au thorities bearing on the subject at issue. He read a lettbr from Archdeacon H-alcs, the trend of which was distinctly opposed to the practice of auricular confession, which wvac degrading ahd altbgether reprehensible. Captain De I-loghton stated the Rev. Lumsden in a lecture at Bellerive last year said a priest had power to give ab solution and remit sin. He con tended it was a monstrous and horrible thing for a sinful man to claim to have power to forgive sin. Referring to the Dean of Hobart, he said in doing what he had done the Dean firmly believed he was doing his dfuty; but he held that a most grievous wrong l,'.!d been done in the commu nity, and he denmanded -that right be done. Mr. B. Shaw seronded the motion. The Dean of Hobart said before a man drew a conclusion he should prove that his premises were correct. Cap tain De Hoghton had failed to do this. He had not adduced a. tittle of evidence that the practice of private confession had been indulged in. He admitted he had taught about confession. There was a wide difference between the Roman lbsition and ours. Theirs was you must, and ours was you may. Captain De Hoghton said he did not wish to mention names. Voices-Name them; name them. Captain Do Hoghton-No, I shall not. Mr. B. Shaw said a serious confusion had existed in consequence of Captain De Hoghton altering the resolution. The Dean had not denied that he in duced confession, but the resolution was made to read "enforced." Cap tain De Hoghton did not infer that the Dean "enforced" confession, but that he taught it. Rev. J. B. Woollnough held the church regulated the use of confession and gave the clergy the liberty of in ducing confession. He said that fre quently he had had men of the world come to him and made a voluntary con fession. Mr. W. J. M'Williams said he gathered that the Dean of Hobart was in the habit of inducing candidates for confirmation to make a confession to the clergyman. The question was whether Protestantism acknowledged auricular confession. He held that inducing and enforc:ag were similar. He contended that the general Protes tant community would not accept auri cular confession, and many were being\ driven from the church because of such practices. He suggested that a com mittee should be appointed to investi gate.the matters instead of discussing the question in public. Rev. J. H. Corvan justified confes sion, but said that the priest had only the power to convey the forgiveness of Christ. Canon Finnis considered that the usel of technical terms led to a great deal' of misunderstanding and confusion of thought, but when they got from these he found there was not much difference -between dissenting ministers, Roman ists, and Anglicans. Mr. R. J. Lucas said that the prin ciple of confession was taught broad cast throughout the Prayer Book. He denied the accuracy of the contention of Mr. M'Williams that the practice of auricular confession was depleting the treasury of the church and emptying the churches. Rev. S. Bucknell said the motion could not be passed, as it stated "that the synod learns with regret that the practice of seeking auricular confession exists." They had learnt nothing of the kind. It had been proved to the contrary. If they did not receive the motion it might be said that they were so tainted with Romanism that they would not consider it, therefore he would move the following amendment: -"That, this synod, when it hears on unquestionable authority that the prac tice of enforcing private auricular con fession exists in this diocese, will be ready to express its decided opinion that such enforcement is entirely op posed to the teaching of the Church of England, and was driving its mem bers away." He deprecated the mat toer being discussed in open synod, and the motion was not in form to remedy alleged defects. A charge had no right to be brought against the Dean. Mr. Shaw rose to a point of order. No charge had been made against the Dean. The Dean had admitted the practice of inducing confession. Mr. Lucas said if he were in the Dean's place he would at once resign if such a charge were tacked on to him as the motion sought to do. He hoped the synod would do its duty and kick the motion out. He contended the Dean was put on his trial by this motion, and it was an abuse of the prerogative of the synod. This as sembly was not the place to discuss it, and he hoped it would be defeated by a large majority. Rev. J. K. Wilmer seconded the am'endment. The Bishop then quoted the Bishop of Winchester on auricular confession inter alia. He would inevitably con clude that at the Reformation the whole idea of private or auricular con fession had been repudiated, and the thing extirpated for ever from the Church of England. It might happen at times that in some special difficulty or crisis in a life or at the approach of death one needed helps, and among them the help that could be given by a minister of Christ, accredited to assure one of the Lord's pardon of the re pented sin. The Bishop said private confession and absolution remained a power and force in the church as one of the strongest remedies of the spiritual physician. Like all strong remedies, it must not be abused, and, like all strong remedies, it need not come at all into the lives of a great many, and in no case could its use with them be made compulsory. No one must be debarred from Holy Communion or from confirmation for not using it. It remained a strong medicine, not a food. This was the position taken up with regard to to it by all the clergy in the diocese. No general rule could be laid down. They had to trust men who were in tremendous earnest, and who saw much of thd hidden life which was revealed to them by those who trusted their spiritual physician. The church had always possessed this medicine for the soul, and she warned them that on no account was it to be compulsory or treated except in very special cases as food. She restricted its use to those who have the gift of the Holy Ghost imparted to them for the work of the ministry. For his part he was confident that the use of this medi cine was not abused in this diocese. The diocese might trust him to take action at once if cases of abuse came to his knowledge. The Dean said it had been painful to him to retain silence during the de hate. The motion should not have been brought without first ascertaining whether the practice obtained. The amendment of the Rev. Bucknell was then c-rried. Tie house went into committee on the estimates, which the treasurer (1\r. C. A. J. Piesse) ful:,ly explained, show inhg 'the estimated expenditure to be £4750, and receipts £4701, leaving a deficiency to be raised of £49. The nmounts were agreed to. The committee then procecded to deal with the schedule of clergynien's sticlnds and allowances, which was agrc-cd to and relported to synod and cead the first time. 'The debate was resumed on the Clergy Widow and Orphanis' Fund Act SSe'ral alterations were introduce:l, the chief of which was mhade in clause 11. exempting unmarried clergymen from the operations of the fund at pleasure. The Rev. Bucknell caused some amuse meint by expressing the hope that no clergynman would leave more than one widow. Progress was reported on 'clause 1i. and synod at 10 p.m. adjourned u;'ti. 2.30 p.m. to?morrow 