Local Topics. An Accident.— Mr. H E Jones, at one time assistant in our Local Post Office, and late representing the New Zealand Loan and Discount Coy, 3iad a narrow 'escape last Sunday. Tile horse he Was riding fell and rolled over with liim, causing a severely sprained -wrist aid various kicks and abrasions about the body afcd face. Mr. Jones, who has just been reinstated in the Postal De partment has been appointed to Bourke j for which place he should have left last ; Monday. We are pleas'ed to state his injuries were such as to allow him to leave for his new sphere during the week. May good l\ick go with Mm. Departure of Mr. Hardwick-. — Mr. Hard wick who has held the position of assistant at our loftal post office tOok his departure for Sydney yesterday, having been transferred to head office. We, in conjunction with many others, wish this pushing young officer every success. Though sorry to lose him from our midst, we are at the same time pleased to congratulate him on his promotion. Mr. T L Whelan from the head office has arrived as his successor, to 'whom we beg to tender our welcome. Narrow Escape from the Flood.— Among the maiiy narrow escapes from drowning during the recent floods-, that of Mr and Mrs Oswald Nash, of Willow Bank, near Eugowra, may be looked upon as one of the most miraculous. Living on a very large flat stretch of country their house for miles was sur rounded by water-, and had it not been for the Jpluck displayed by some of the residents of Eugowra constructing a tem porary boat and going to their rescue during the night, serious results would have undoubtedly followed. Canowiildra-Woodstock Road.; — This road, over which is conveyed the Sydney mails, is in a most dangeroUs and dela pidated state. Repeated requests have been sent to the department by our Pro gress Committee asking that a sum of money may be granted, necessary to put it in good and thorough repair, but Withoutavili. No possible blame can be at tributed to the maintenance man who has worked Sundays and week days try ing to do that which is impossible. The Weather.— The rainfall for the week was as follows. — on the 13th 2 points, 1 6th 20, Total 22 points. Bitterty cold weather with cloud has been ex perienced during the week, heavy frosts occurring on Monday and Tuesday. Westerly winds ha^e prevailed-. Collecting for Cowri Hospital. — Mi's* Orniiston and Miss Walsh, collectors for Canowindra appointed by the Hospital Committee, visited this town last week. The results - f their charitable efforts are not Vet to hand. Dentistry at Sydney Prices.— Mr. C. lucnard, Surgeon Dentist, who was for six yeai\s manager of the Melbourne lJental Company, will visit the following places, viz.— Canowindra, at Mrs. Dennis' liners' Arms Hotel, Saturday 1 1th Aug. Cowra on Tuesday 14th Aug. .Pa'ilessly extracted *and stopped. Artificial teeth 5s per tooth, the very best 7s Od per tooth. Jfull sets at £2 2s, the very best with metal suction palates £3 3s. Satisfaction guaranteed or no charge made. Patients treated at their own homes when preferred. Hie-hest testimonials from Press and public; as wed as samples of work for inspection. Consultation free. — 0 Travelling Stock Movements;— ; -1 000 mixed ^ sheep passed Wednesday, travelling from Blayney to Forbes. Nicholas and Raymond, owners; 4690 ewes and 3 07 rams going to Gron«' Grong near Narandra, Australian Laiid and Finance Coy owners, M H Ellis in charge. P., A., and H. Association-- — Ballott- ing for the committee for the forthcom ing year takes place at the School of Arts Canowindra on Friday the 27th inst. Buggy Accident. —A harrow escape from a serious buggy accident happened to Mr Ihomas Galvin on Wednesday. Whilst driving through the town a shaft bolt broke, causing the horse to plunge and rear to an alarming extent. Had it not been^ for the willing help ready to hand serious results might have occur red. Great Caesar's Ghost ! poor wasted frame, That once full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in else but name, tt:„ ? ? i. i ? i t. .. ?. . , ' . xxia wuyu uas Drougnt mm sucli distress* The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh ! ne'er say die, but take a drink Of W E Woods' Great Peppermint : Cure. Forbes P., A-,5 and H. Association. — We have received a copy of Schedule of Prizes of the Forbes Show to be held on the 1st and 2nd of August. The sched ule, printed at the ' Gazette ' office Forbes, is a well arranged pamphlet, clearly printed on good paper; Yisit of Mr W E Myring. — This gentlemen visited Canowindra during the week to examine Laut and party's new find. We hear he refused to do business on their terms. His visit bein--- a flying one we were unable to inter view him regarding the Blue Jacket-, but trust he will favour us with a short re port of progress. Our Railway League. — The secretary informs us that a largo meeting of the League is anticipated for tomorrow. He has received letters from many resi dents of both Barragan and Cudal de claring their intention of attending and stating their views. It is expected to be the largest representative gathering that has yet taken , -place regarding railway mattefs in Canowindra. 