y ♦««««♦ »«t».».»»t«w...4....»..« ? ♦ «♦?.♦»♦♦♦«♦♦♦♦♦«««««♦♦«», tfUBLISHED BY SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT. 28^- ^o Iff* Ww/Jeon, ^.nUior «f ' Tho Great Porter Square Mystery,' ' Grif,' 'The Sacred Nuggot,' ♦?HimnV'Bozelln,' 'A Fuir Jewess,' 'The Golden' Land,' ?:'The Betrayal of John Fordham,' fee, &o.; COPYRIGHT. CHAPTER Xr.— {Continued.) ?* It is comparatively harmless,' i ho said, ' whon taken as I direct, though its habitual uso would certainly lead to injurious results.' 'A remark which applies to all narcotics,' ?aid Maubray; 'That is so, but in this drug there is special danger. 1760 It only when there ia imperative need for it, and keep it locked away, so that it shall not fall into the hands of any other person than yourself. Its nature is absolutely deadly, and only tho smallest dose can bo taken with safety.' ' I will keep it in a secret drawer in this studio,' said Maubray, 'whioh no ono onn open but mysolf. Then there is another safe guard in the label. ' Deadly Poison ' which you have properly affixed to the wrapper.' This conversation was taking placo in tho Ruined Tower, and Haubray showed Dr. Weber tho secret drawer in which he doposited the powder. ' What would be tho effect of a double dose?' Dr. Weber looked at him apprehensively. 'Do not bo alarmed, I have no intention of mis-using it. Tho crisis is paBt and my mind is recovering its balance. In proof of which 1 have resolved to paint a new Marguerite, and am already eager to commence. I have evon selected my model, and have my canvas ready.' 'That will be bettor than any medicine I can administer,' said Dr. Weber, hailing with delight this healthy symptom. ' Who ib your model?' ' Her name is Frida ; tho daughter of a workman in tho quarries, I was sitting at my window here, and sho passed along tho road. Beholding her, I was irresistibly re minded of Marguerite, and, as usual with nil crazy enthusiasts,, was eager to set to work immediately. She comes to-morrow morn ing.' He spoko with animation, and Dr. Weber saw before him tho old Maubray ho had wished to see. Maubray returned to the theme of the drug. 11 What would he the effect if a double dose were taken?' 'A man in perfect health would sleep for three or four days. One in feeblo health might never awake.' ? ? 'And a treble dose t ' Would bo fatal.' 'Instantly fatal?' '- ? ? 'Tin. Within the hour, I should think, In a doso bo large luuru »uuu »,„ o rmrioue variatiou. Instead of sending the man to eleep, it would keep him awaka, till death Bupervened.' ' A death of suffering P' 'A perfectly painless death.' ' Would he lose tho nse of his faculties ?' 'Ho would retain them to the last.' i 'Then fhe death trance,' said Maubray, thoughtfully. ' It is fortunate that tho secret of this drug is known to few.' ' I bolieve it to bo known only to myself,' said Dr. Weber. ' ' My discovery of its effect was accidental. In its natural state it is comparatively harmless ; I prepare it in a certain way, and that is' my secret. Only to you would I intrust so largo a quantity. You will bo careful of it, Maubray.' ' Trust me. I will not mis-use it.' Hero the conversation ended, and next day Maubray began work on his famous picture of Marguerite. The image of Gahrielle was still in his mind, and he thought of her con stantly, but tho sharp pang inflicted by her death had passed away, and in its place reigned a sad and tender memory. In their, conversations Dr. Weber referred frequently to Valerie, and Maubray wrote to her now moro regularly and at greater length. Gradually and surely he re gained his usual serenity, and con- ' templated recalling his daughter home at no distant date. Events hastened the fulfil ment of thiB intention. MadumoHartmann's husband died and sho was left a childless widow. Maubrny seized the opportunity. Ho sent for Valerio, and invited his sister to take »r ?-?-?- «'-»?'? *»!?», -»'m Sho jnyf..lly consented, and presently domestic happiness oncp moro reigned in tho artist's home. No shadow fell upon tho peace of Crow's Nest until Maubray intercepted the letter which Professor Fleury had sent to his daughter. Two montli9 had passed since then, nnd all tho efforts mado by Maubray to discover tho writer had failed. The picture of Gabrielle which ho had painted hung upon tho wnl' of his studio in the Ruined Tower. 0HAPTER XII. A bracelet and come old lace from Madame Hartmann, ' With loving felicitations to my dear nieco Valerie ' ; a dainty watoh, oxquisitely enamelled, from Dr. Weber, ' With affectionate wishes from .. an old friend'; a set of flower vases from the servants in Crow's Nest, ' With dutiful respects to our young mistress '; a fan, upon each leaf of which was an allegory, a poetical fancy, or a scone from nuluro, painted by Bernard Maubray, 'To Valerie, with her father's love ' ; a bouquet of white and red roaes tied with a ribbon on which was inscribed, 'From Maurice to Valerie'; these, with flowers and remembrances from humbler friends by whom she was loved, lay about tho room, and on tho table by which Valerio was Bitting on her twenty-third birthday. It was noon of a beautiful day in June, and all things contributed to tho young girl's happi ness ; tho soft breeze, tho dreamy clouds, tho matting of the leaves, were in harmony with Valerie's mood. Uneventful as her life appt-arcd to havo been, sho had passed through a storm harder to benr because, like n mother protecting her young, she had taken its full force upon her shoulders ; but (his heart-trial was over, and HPIIliO }»nlrl nuf. }iIq nrnm fn hnr. Rhn i«i7n^ «t the gifts, and, moving about the room, linmllcd them gratefully and tenderly ; in tlio dumb momorials thero was a spiritual life which spoke to her in loving accents, glorify ing her nutnl day with affection worthily won anil richly deserved. Gentle and sweet to all who uiino in contact with her, recognising no differences in pocial rank as a claim upon tho nicusuro of her regard, no less merciful to the poor than to Iho rich, it would havo been ?trango indeed had pho failed to win 'Section, for though there is muoh 'hat is mean and timo-scrving in the World, thero are beneath this sordid crust ?tcrling qualities which ring true when brought within the influence of hwsIi unselfish kindness, '» Vtilerio showed to high and low alike. Tho B'fts by which she wus surrounded wore proofs of this. They wore the unsought ro wurd of tho efforts of an unselfish naturo ; Iliey spoke of tho past and tho present, and 'ho bouquet of rosoa, cmblom of tho future, Mug its silent song of lovo. Sinking into a ™iir, sho raised tho flon'ord to her lips and kissed them, ami with her closed eyes resting I'ti'htly on tho leaves siw visions which stirrod -er»onl with a snored joy. This was tho Juingtimo of her life ; the promise of summer !'a» smiling upon her. There had be?n_durk ij's in tho past, duys of Borrow and anguish ? which she had watched tho fading of a life ?ear to her asid most dour to her father, days ?'lightened by a word of sympathy, and for J^» lime thereafter oho had not known W*w ; but on this happy day theso griefn «B* fcrgottm in tho roverio into which she had fallen, wherein was depicted in glowing colours tho realisation of a maidon'a sweetest hopes. Bernard Maubray entered the room wbilo sho was thus engaged, and so absorbed was sho that sho was not aware of his presence Ho stood regarding her with a tender smilo, divining her thoughts, and sympathetically recalling tho limo when ho himself indulged in dreams such as this dear child of his heart was dreaming. His love for Valerie's mother and for Gahriello had not faded from Mr memory, hut hud merged itself into lovo for the ono being o£ his blood who was left to him — a love as absorbing as that which tho young girl entertained for Maurice. 'Thus did I once dream,' ho thought. 'Muyshebo spared tho shadows which fell upon my lifo '.' Presently ho laid his hand upon her shoulder, and sho opened her oyes and blushed ; but sho did not lay the flowers aside. Ho had come from his studio in tho Ruined Tower, where, with Frida for model, ho had been engaged sinoo breakfast on his new picture of Undine. His first words were of Frida. 'I havo given her an hour's rest,' he said. 'If we overtire our models something is lost which it is hard to regain. Frida is a trea sure ; her capacity for expression is extra ordinary. Theso outwardly placid persona havo strong hidden currents in them which opportunity brings to the surface.' 'Then you havo done well this morning?' said Valerie, slipping her hand into his as he took his seat at her side. 'Does the artist ever do well?' ho re joined. ' ' Is he ever satisfied ? Ho dreams of an ideal and paints it in fairy colours ; ho muses, ho exults, ho stands boforo his canvas and commences with fervour. To the world ho says, under his breath, ' I will show you a great work,' and to-day, when ho examines tho labours of yesterday, he doubts, he trembles, he sits in scornful judgment upon his masterpiece, which ho finds after all but a bunding piece of work. Well for him that his vain boast was not hoard.' ' But it is always so with tho artist,' said Valerie, kissing his hand. ' Yes, it is always so with him. Tho per formance never, realises the dream. Then is he haunted by mocking ghosts, then is he tortured by fears of failure. Down from tho heights ha topples la his own esteem, and finds himself but common cln7 It is tho just late of tho pigmy who in a n« frenzy believed himself a giant.' 'Maurice Bays that is the true artistic feeling. Wo are not competent to judge ourselves.' 'Are we not indeed?' ho said affec tionatoly. ' So Maurice has been luring you into conversations upon art for the purpose of airing his views. It is always what Maurice says — Maurice the invincible, tho infallible, who issues his ultimatum and darea us to question it. Pray, who constituted him the judge? What credentials has he? In what school has he learned to correctly gauge' the artistic senso, tho artistio performance? How easy it is to be a critio ! Boys fresh from school presume to mar or mako reputa tions, presume to say, ' Well done, ' or stroking their beardless chins Buggest improvements in shadow and outline This is tho world as it is to-day. I was not aware that Maurice was a painter, Valerie.' 'No father,' said Valorio, 'Maurice is not a painter but ? ' ' I will have no ' buts.' Do you not see that I am terribly in earnest P Is this great critio a painter?' 'No, father.' ' I thought as muoh. What is ho, then !?' 'Hois ? he is Maurice, ' sho said, with a smilo. 'Now, where shall I find an argument to meet that lucid description of Maurice ? It is unanswerable — eh ?' He took the bouquet from her hand. ' He sent you these llowcrs — I see the snake in the grass— bin card — and on it. 'From Mavrioo.' Is thero magic in theso simple words? ' From Maurice !' Ah, well, I must confess, I suppose. I had a let ter from Maurico this morning, and I won dered at his reason for writing to mo.' Sho looked up shyly, lovingly, smilingly. ' Traitor ! You knew he had written P' 'Yes.' 'Ho wishes to speak to mo upon a matter whioh he declares is vital. Valerie, assist mo ; we will onter into a conspiracy to defeat him. What is this vital matter he wishes to discuss ?' ' Father !' - 'Yes, child.' ? ? '' 'What will you sap to jffaurlce ?' ' What would you wish mo to say to him ? I am open to reason, Valorio.' Sho put her arms round his neck, and hid her face on his breast. ' Whioh means that I must receive him courtpously. I promise that. It is his duo — I acknowledge it. Ha is a man of honour, of good family, an honest, earnest gentleman. What moro can a father desire when tfce happiness of a dear child is at stake t Is that, indeed, so, Valerio ?' ' Yes, father.' ' You lovo him ?' ' Devotedly, I would dio for him, and ho for mo.' ' Yet I am hound to consider that he comes to rob mo of a treasure moro preeious to mo thnn lifo itself. What can I do to protect myself ? Forbid him tho houso ? S»t spies upon the publio road to warn mo of his approach P' She smiled, having no fear ;jt was sweotto listen to this pretence of disapproval., knowing, as sho did, that thero was no sacrifice) he was not ready to mako to ensuro her happiness. 'Theso imporious lovers,' ho continued, ' after insiidiously undermining tho strong hold, present themselves as conqiiem?*. Alexander himsolf could not be moro coa. manding. So oonfident are they that they do not oven draw their swords, but rushing upon you, cry 'Victory,' and order you to sur render. Andwodoit. What other course is open to us when tho dear traitor in our house has stolen our arms, and opened the gates to tho invader ?' His assumption of light humour, under which ho sought to con ceal his emotion, failed him here, and ho folded Valerie in his arms. 'You will not loso mo, father. You will gain another child. Maurioo has no parents; and ho loves nnd honours you. I should not bo your daughter if I proved ungrateful for all your goodness to me. We havo hidden nothing from you; I think you must have seen ? ' 'Yes, I havo seen, and I am afraid encouraged. What does your auut say of Maurico?' ' Sho holds him in tho highest esteem.' ' ' And so do I. I havo studied him, and I believe him to bo a good man. If I did not I wcu'd not givo you tp him. Dear child, be happy.' Ho embraced her tenderly, and left her to meet Maurico Godcfroy, whom ho !,,*«? ?^?ss- ing tho lawn. CHAPTER XIII, GssaMngs exchanged, Bornard Mauhray led tho young lawyer to his Btudio in tho Ruined Tower ; a proceeding of good augury, for Valcrb'* leror knew that uoiu but Uio irtist's most intimate frionds were admitted hero. Manrioo was not a nativo of Bern; lh was born and brought up in Paris, nnd upon tho advico of friends had 'elected the Swiss city as a promising field for ho exercise of his profession. Ho bad had in uphill fight, and it was only af tor somo fears of struggle that ho had succeeded in planting his foot firmly on the ladder. .Through the friendly offices of Dr. Weber, whoso good favour he had won, a complioatod Base bristling with difficulties had been placed in his hands. Failuro was predicted by all the legal luminaries of Born, and Maurico felt that failuro meant more to him than tho mere losing of tho case. Ho had seen Valerio and loved her ; but Dr. Weber alono was in tho secret of his attachment to Bernard Maubray's daughter. ' You will not bo in a position to present yourself as her lover,' said the kind doctor to the ambitious young man, ' until you havo mudo a name for yourself. Now prove tho mettlo you are mado of. Hero U a case which ninety-nine lawyers out of a hundred would lose. Win it, and win Miidcmoisfillo Valerie.' No greater incentive could bo givon. Day and night wero devoted by 'ho young advocato to the study of the casn, '»nd in the teeth ol immense odds and with a formidable array oi illustrious counsel against him, ho had con ducted it to a triumphant issue. Talented, ambitious, and full of enthusiasm, he fell himsolf now justified in proffering his suU for Valerie's hand, and it was for this pur poso ho had written to Bernard Maubray foi an interview on her birthday. Introduced to the family by Dr. Weber lit eoon became a favourite in Crow's Nest, nnd ihe progress of tho love affair wai watched by Bernard Maubray with silent approval. But prepared ashewas forits natural development it was not without a pang tha! he contemplated surrendering his daughter to another man's cure. The last few months ol closo association with her had proved to him that sho was worthy of tho best he had to bestow. Ho was ono of those men to whom tho bestowal of lovo brings the sweetest pleasures, and in common with all noblt natures he found it a groator blessing to give than to receive. The sorrows of his past life wero chastened ; ho did not, he could not, forget, but tho violence of his grief had passed away. To this happier frame of mind Valeria had largely contributed. Considerate and thoughtful to an unusual degree iu a young girl, she had so ministered to him as to revive all that was best in his nature, and at tho same time to implant in his heart a boundlesa lovo for her. Thero was in this a possible danger — a danger that, under certain not impossible conditions, it might lead to violent extremes. Had this beon pointed out to him ho would havo listened with incredulous ears, but it was none the less true that ho had become morbidly nervous for her safety. The growth of this feeling commenced upon tho receipt of the letter which had been addressed .to her by an anonymous correspondent. Ho would wake up in the middlo of tho night with tbo thought in his mind, ' Is Valerie safe ?' and ha would steal from his room to listen at her door, and to walk softly through the house and often into the grounds in search of some hidden enemy. Tendor and strong-minded as ho was, there came into play a quality of intensity which caused him to insensibly magnify every incident or circumstance in relation to her. Given a knowledge or suspicion that her happiness was in peril, and that an enemy was really watching his oppor- tunity to do her an ill turn, he would have so brooded upon it that it was likely the even balanco of his brain would bo disturbed and his usually clear judgment clouded. Thie partiality and disposition to morbid inclining sprang tmtjrely from his personal affections ; in all other matters ho was impartial and unbiassed. On two occasions a singular occurrence hafi puzzled him. On the first occasion ho was sitting up late, when all in the house had retired to rest. Fancying he heard a sound without, ho wont into tho grounds to ascertain the cause. He saw nothing, nnd heard nothing moro to warrant tho fancy, but he brooded upon it, and he did not go to bed till pa6t midnight. Tho next day, as ho was passing into the publio road through tho front gate, he saw upon tho ground a small gold ponc.il, of which he recol* looted having made free uso boforo ho went ta his bedroom. Of this he was oonvinced, an4 ho could not understand how it could hav« found its way to tho spot upon which ho found it. On tho second occasion tho introductory circumstances were of a similar naturo. Again he was sitting up lato when tho members of hia household wero in their beds. Again ha fancied ho heard a sound outside tho houso. Ho ctoln to Valerio's door and heard her foft breathing'. She slept with has door unlocked, and with a night-light burn ing. Softly opening the door, ho saw th«S sho was slumbering peacefully. Again b» went out, and could- discover no cnuso for tlw fancy. It was raining, and thero was muA on tho piitl-s. Ho recollected, or thought ha recollected, that upon his return to tho houss he had exchanged his muddy shoes for a pair of slippers. Ayrnin ho retired to rest after mid night. Tho next morning he noticed th«S tho slipprrs he had worn, and which now lay on the bedroom iloor, were covered with mud. He asked himself how the mud could havo got upon them, and he searched his memory whether ho had worn them boforo ho wont into the grounds. After a period of reflection ho decided that his memory must he at fault, and that they must havo been on his feet when ho walked through tho grounds. Ho made no mention of theso incidents, and, na further alarm occurring, he ceased to trouhlo hiiupolf about them. Closetod now with Maurice, the young nian explained tho purport of his visit, aud in modest and woll-chosen words Bolioited Mauhray's consent to hia suit witk Valerie. ' Certain worldly questions must be asked oi»d BSKjored before I can give you a reply,' said Msnbray. 'Thero is a material side ts this matter. What can you offer bit daughter?' , 'An honoured name, sir, and tho proapoci 'of a prosperous future, whioh it is my deaies* hope sho will share.' ' Nothing more p' ' A love as devoted as it is in t&e; natasc fit man to feel.' ' It should count for much,' said Berooafi Maubray. ' It is a sacred chargo you a*& eS mo.' ' I will boM it e». To make her h&psy; shall be the object of my life.' There wns a pause beforo Bornard Maubna spoko again. It was u promiso ho hiinoea had made in yearn gorw by, and whWs with all his earnestnees' he had endeavoured to fulfil. ' As U- your present means?' '♦They are not large. lean maintain 0 fccaie in fair comfort. Our state will not to laxurious, but thero is tho future.' 'Yes, there is always the future. 4. naturo such as Valerio's can bo happy with' out luxury.' 'Thon you consent, sir?' said Maurico. 'Notyot,' replied Maubray, smiling afi tho young man's ragernoRS. ' Youthis *an. guiiie and impetuous. Beforo money, before lovo even, stand honour and integrity. I (is not say it of you, nor do I suspect it, or \n should not now he disousmnga matter dear (9. me as to you, but there are men who offer a nuiideu the stale lees of a life ot' disrepute, who hold whftt I deem sacred in small esteem, .Such unions breed misery. They may bring a gross pleasuro to iho husband, but the* bring a moral denth to tho wife. In suua case marriage is not a blessing, but a ourse.' ' I entirely ajrree with you, sir.' 'Tell mo something of your part, Maurice.' [TO I)K CONTINUKD.l IViC-Q Jfr». Dix: 'Isn't your mother very'g!e4 you h»vo recovered from (ho whooping coughP' Dick: ' I don't believe so, in:t'iw( you can't Iliink how it aiEt-jml tho baby.' Ouloaul John Morgau, ^:-; ilayor of Brewst, recently signified his io&tsi;&a; of laying dowi! et his own cost plant fcr *4.a deutrio lightiiiij o* tfco towo. It u satSgipieil that ttfci tj? prastfealfy mean a gjjl «g ^???v*K\ ? .„.„' 