Smoke Drift. [BY THE MAN IN THE CHIMNEY CORNBR.] I onco heard an old Scotchman, who, on being questioned as to the number of the orthodox in his neighborhood, replied There's only twa folk riclit in the toon, me an* itetsy—an I'm no so sure o' Betsy." This about represents the unanimity here of the British on tlie Boer question. " Of course wc are right," and if anybody ask " Why ? " Wei!, because we are. If you are not satisfied with this reply, I must point you to our contingents, our projected Bushmen's Corps, the sum of money being diverted from commerce and being spent in South Africa. What matter whether this war slays the noblest, the bravest, the loving and the lovable, whether the mother, the sister, the widow, or the tetrothed sit in sadness in the home, weeping for " the touch of a vanished hand and the sound of a voice that is still.' Are wo not displaying bravery ? Have we not said toe will win ? Have we not used as a spur to prick the sides of our intent this resolve that we will enfranchise the disfranchised ? Bless you, don't you see that Africa needs it for good government and that it may look well on our banners. Are we not fighting also to free those noble savages the Boer has enslaved." Such ace the arguments one hears every where, and, unless you are inclined to be cynical and rako up ancient history and modern practice, you must believe. For my own part, if ycu care to know it, I am concerned whether, when the cruel war is over, the man who has been so enthusiastic in redressing wrongs abroad will bfgin to redress some of the wrong at home that can be achieved without the aid of Lydrjitj shells oi Maxim guns/- and that tho ready response for service abroad may be equally as ready for service at home. What could bo complishcd if the millions spent and to be spent over this little war had been spent in the relief, the uplifting of the down-trodden spent in brotherly service for a brother in wise way, not as a dole, but to bless, to cheer, to help, to guide tho less favored and the unfortunate. Over one thing I feel inclined to doff my cap aud shout hurray! " as an old friend of mine would say, and that is the wide-spread sympathy for the suffering and sorrowing victims of this war, those who lia^e been maimed or bereaved by its horrid cruelty. I refer to the general sympathy shown in the contributions to the. Patriotic Fund. . ;' Oue touch of nature makes the world kin." The bugle call in this instanco has sounded into the depths of our human sympathy and has called up feelings of pity. Many resourceful methods have been devised to 'entice us to give. Mark you, these men and women are perfect strangers to us, but we can't refrain from giving. This is a hopeful sign; it is an appeal to the solidarity of -our race. Such is a sample of my thoughts as the fire burns low and the smoke wreaths curl upward torn the ancient pipe The.District Council of Mudla Wirra (unhappy-sounding name) is having gay proceedings. The chairman is a German, Mr. A. Gr. Both, and, like many other Germans, has been charged with dis loyalty. The evidence of disloyalty appears to be as indefinite as a ghost in a fog, for what his assailants assert Mr Both denies and has, in some cases, proved she statements made to be lies A majority'of the other councillors, however, refuse to sit with Both for fear of contamination, hut have chosen to dead lock district affairs until the chairman resigns. The chairman says that he has received a petition, signed by ttro-thirds of the ratepayers of his ward, asking him not to resign, and says further that, if a meeting of ratepayers will, after hearing his defence, call on liim to resign as chairman, he will do it. The position at present rests at that. Russia lias lately, so it is stated defin" itcly. collected a foice of 20,000 troops near the Afghan border at Khusk. The Seqislcrs Shilling Fnnd now amounts to" o-cr 1(30,000 shillings, and is still going strong. The recent Australian Eleven v. Hest of Austria cricket match in Sydney, realised £643 for the Patriotic and Bushmen's Funds, but it now transpires that £190 of that sum is claimed by professional " patriots " for services rendered The London Spectator is whooping for the establishment of an Imperial Army of 10,000 soldiers in Australia and tlie enrolment of 20,000 soldiers in Canada, while patriotism is still boiling. The British War Office has sent an order for 270,00 ) pounds of preserved and corned meat to N.S. Wales for army use in South Africa. Likewise, in view of the rise in the price of Welsh coal caused by large purchases by foreign powers, heavy shipments of coal from N.S. "Wales are comternplated. The S.A. Main-roads Boyal Commis" sion sat at Adelaide for the first time on February 20th with the Hon. T. Playford as chairman and Mr. Oscar Bailey as secretary. Tlie proposed 'our of English cricketers through Australia next season has been abandoned. The start of a Scottish military company in Adelaide has raised the enthusiasm of Irishmen, and at a large meeting of Irishmen held in Adelaide on February. 20th it was decided that an Ir'sh Bifle Corps should be formed. About 160 names were enrolled or the spot. The Broken Hill Proprietary Company is at present holding a sort of threat over the hsad of the S.A. Government that if rail freights on ore are increased the company will move its smelting business from Port Pirie in South Australia to Newcastle in N.S. Wales. Tlie General Manager of the company alleges that it would pay better to carry the ore to the coal than to carry the coal to the ore, and states that the N.S. Wales Government is prepared to meet his company in the matter of a railway to Broken Hill. 