THE DISTRESSES OF DAPHNE. BY W. E.. NORRIS, Author vof '"My Friend Jim," "Major and iDhos.'," &c.; SYmSSE-OFXKSTALMENTS I. TO IU. At a gre.xt .Jjal]. is'Dresden, Daphne namiltoa displeases iter mother by Ha^fing. three times with Otto \V>n Haiileniierg, Hie handsomest man in tile room.. • fie -iras been int^jduced by Oap. tain Ciough, the recipient of llrs. Hamilton's complaints, 1 nmself a dose friend of Daphne's, and, to tell tbe truth, her wowd-be lover, lbs. Hamilton ""gUfc*es-*CionEii's-wishes, and is therefore most pe-tpiexed. .at the apparent help he gives to-mm ^uUenbra^ in the latter's obvious pursuit- of her ifughter- Mrs. Prfdps and her dnu^"l>u>'rs gave ;fedTue annoyance to Mrs." Hamilton by their persistL®l offers of friendship, but their vagaries provide itltc 'Others with a "good deal of entertainment. At Bayreutii Ton Kahlenburg TEjuiis the party, and he and Daphne are inseparable. At dinner, oa the'livening of the close of the fes- Lival, some information given by-von Kahlenburg, relating to an accident in tlie Tyrol which caused the d^jalh of liis farina 1 (known by the family name of" Pardowitz), causes Mrs. Hamilton to start and then faint. The two' gentlemen, being requested not. to await Mrs. Hamilton's recovery, go on to Marienbad, where 3ad: Ciough receives a letter sayins that the llanii^laQs are going to avail themselves of the accidcas to "beat a silent retreat! Ciough, having with much difficult}' restrained his friend from attempting -a. pursuit, 'starts for London. CHAPTER. VH.—FRIENDSHIP. On a chiMy, murky November afternoon, iirs. Hamilton was toasting her toes before the Ore in .the Palace " Gate, where ehe lived, when Captain Ciough teas announced. She started up with ja Jittie which her visitor ought to have found flattering. "At last!. I was.beginning to despair of you. What have you. buen aibout these hundredyears?" •'Wetlj" he replied, "for these hundred days past—-it is just sfoout that length of time since :xe parted ai Bayreuth, isn't it? 1 have been mostly shooting. My record' is Hiuch too monotonous no interest anybody; but I should like to hear youre. What have you been doing meacwhUe^" • • • "You might," retumtd Mrs. Hamilton, resuming, her seat, "bane had the curiosity ' to ask thSt question by .'.post. Perhaps you den't rea&e; what a dangerous thing it is to break oft' a coarse of_ Afarienbad treatment before it is half finished." may not have realised all the dangers of the situation - but 1 owe you no apology, considering thasb you refufied me all the information as" to your movements. Howem, let me repeat, w qmp&m;, now .that you are here and I amhiere. What have you been doingi?". "Oh, very lit-lle worthyiof mention. Hecovering, I sapijoee." "Both of voul" Mrs. Hamiltoit sighed, laughed, and nodded. "Yes, both of ns, I am thankful to say.' At lekst, I But—we were terribly near a catastrophe, weren't we?" . "I don't knoraji. .We certainly seemed to he. within measmcabJe distance of an event— catastrophic or ^otherwise, aiccording to the point of view. I can't say thai, from my point of view, there is anything to take excsception. to in Otto von Kahlenburg." "Oh, Jack, daart'be so exasperating J It stands to reason that you must have taken \- exception to him;- though X daresay yon may not have disliked Mm as much as I did. Anyhow, we have dione with the man for, goad and all now. I trust." "H'm' ' And Mi^ .Daphne?"- "•She has dismissed 1 him from her mind. You know—or piotoaWy you don't know— how (easily girls take fancies and get rid of theml"' . " - , / "Some girls, no doubt; but is she of that sort?" "There is only "one sort,"' Mrs. Hamilton boldly declared. •'"Infinitely varied, ol" course, like a packet of mixed seed, but the same in essentials. Daphne's distinctive peculiarity, for instance, is her mania for musie-r-slie has gone out to take-a., violin lesson now; by-the=way.~ Weil, I suppose he understood that, and took measures accordingly. But from the moment that she had left flim and Bayrench behind her-—!" \- "She proved her .resemblance to tie rest of 'the species by forgetting all about bim? You are not too complimentary to your only child." ' • •" ' "All I said was that, like other girls, she is liable to take fancies which come to nothing. Would you really have preferred to hsa'r that, this one had come to something?" ""Ko since you ask me, I shouldn't. Only [-don't feel as convinced about the matter .is you profess to be." . , , Mrs. Hamilton did her best to convince 'aim—not wholly in'vain.- To be sure, he had seen Daphne's eyes. '. He had noted a subtle - change in her»TW)ice, reserve^ for 'Ton' Kahleflburg,. and be - knew what lie lbiew;' yet the fij^ remained that she bad obeyed orders and had turned her back riipon lier Austrian admirer without a protest. WGuld ehe have.proved so docile :fl ehe had beHi anything 1 like seriously en- \- ainoured . character* warranted a negative reply. "Thea. too, it was consoling and encouraging to' Jiear. ljiat she "had frequently >vondered whether -tie wae going to be in London at oil' fhat' Winter: ^Equally consoling and encouraging to Mrs. Hamilton was the information wliich ' "she elicited that* Captain. Ciough intended . to.be in Xrondori off and on for some time \- to' come. This satisfied ier that he must • have other intentions of a 1 nature to command her warmest sympathy, and although they were neither of SLem 60 indiscreet as -to become inbre' ecplitit;- they'nn'derstood one another pretty well before- their chat came to an fend. Skch,'at all events, understood very well what the other -wanted, and ' would, if possible, bring to pass. Bui there are things which, cannot, with the best will in the -world, be brought to rase. Had Jpck Ckmgb not been, aware' of that "alread/ be would have been made aivare of •' it; a few minutes after he. bad emerged into the raw outer air by his encounter with ia young lady carrying a violin- ' case, who joyfully recognised and accosted • him.- For if her. "joy at beholding him was unfeigned and avowed she lost no time in letting him know how little excuse was themjy afibrded him for personal vanity or selfIcongrattdation. . He. bad not been talking ,to bo - for two minutes before she i uthlesely cut diort bis hesitating commonplaces by enquiring— ""What became of you and—and your friend after that Parsifal evening ?". The short pause which preceded the reference to bis friend was significant'as was also tile smile—percepti'blk even-in that uncertain light—with which she received his apswer of-^. . • w • •"Oh, ve tore our hair and w=ent our respective ways- What.else.could we do? My way, ..as you see, has ended by landing me in Pilace^ate. Tt is upojr the cards, I suppose, that Von Kalilenburgfs may have tiie same goal, for he is no stranger ia London." . tgld jne,". observed Daphne; adding, after a moment" of sBence— It is such a pity that mother can't bear him." "Does that matter?" ' "Yes; because if. by "any chance, he should come to London and -should find out our address—" "As he undoubtedly will." '"Do you. think so? Well, then he will just- as undoubtedly be .fcold that we are pot at home. And I shall be sorry for that, because I myself like him extremely, you also. Hke hiqi very much, don't you"!" "As much or as little as you please. The extent of my liking fpr bun".depends, I bdieve, entirely upon the extent of yours." : Daphne laughed. "Well," she said, presently, "it would be good-na'fcured of you." "To tdl him bow extremely you like him?". . 'Thait would be-isuieeessary, I hope; we got on so well together,,be and I. But you might, if the occasion should arise, tell him* that I am really scary to seem so rude" "You are going to aeem rude, then?" "'1 am afraid TO mu4t- Mother has taken bim en grippe—for some reason which I can'n, guess. CBI> you?" . • Jack shook his head—disappointing her a little, he fancied, by his inability to throw oi.- any light . upon so strange v. "a - phenomenon , . rru She put a. few more questions to him. Ihey were questions which anybody' who bad been unaccountably deprived of a pleasant acquaintance might have been expected to ask, and they did not in the least prove that she was breaking her heart for tbe vanished Otto; broken, she would yet scarcely if die had have beenbeartproclaimed tbe circumstance, nor did it follow from her light manner that she was not a good deal more interested than she chose,'to appear. She took, at any rate, no sort o£ interest in'an old friend, save such as attached to bim.in:his capacity of a connecting link with • - a new , . one. , . Jack soon --- satisfied himself Of that hastening tact, formed his own eon elusions, and ceased ito eriai^e. upon personal topics which had secured til; sympathetic attentaon of her mother. Much Daphme cared whether he was succeeding or failing in his new part of a country- gentlemanl-^much she cared whether he stood or not for the vacant Pariramentary sion which be had been invited to con-test! With regard to her own life and oecupa- J' tions^ -- a£e manifested -r—<.-j a - similar off-hand "ff-i*—'i unconcern. "Oh, there's nothing to tell, she said; "we jog „ 0 placidly .. ; along. „. JMy one^ daily event just now is a fiddle lesson from a master _„• who lives on the north side of the park, and who gives himself such airs-that his pupils have to go to bim, •aifcee he won t be at toe pains of coniing to them." Then she politelv hoped that she might soon see Captain Ciough again, and so re surned her march, leaving him with the h impression that lie had scarcely fulfilled e the exiiectaticns which had evoked her cordial greeting. Of course there was not pw w the ghost of a. shadow of..i ho]>e!—there never hadbeen, nor ever would be any. It s onlv otilv remained to call a hansnin hansom and anil ririve drive ! r back to St. James's - place, where Otto f von Kahlemburg must by this time be impatiently a waiting the return of a friendlv B y emissary. For Otto von Kahlenburg was in London. s It was, indeed, in some measure because be j bbh was in London that Jack Ciough was now occupying Che St. James's pied-a-terre, which was the 6ymbol of sufficient means c and occasional obligatory touch with the y metropolis. young mend had invoked sy bis aid, rather as a matter of right than as a favour, and be had, responded to the appeal—not very unwillingly, it is true. On s reaching bis rooms, he found, as he had anticipated, that .Otto was already in possession, and the latter, throwing the end of a e cigar into the fire, started up, with peremptory demands." ' e "Well? You have been there?—you have s seen theSa? What did they say?" taMtm)to "I have been there and I have seen them," the older man composedly replied. "They didn't say much." • , "You told them that I was in England?" "Xo; I thought it better not to tell them that. If I had done so, they would have said more, no doubt; but they, said enough —Mrs. Hamilton did, at least—to convince me that discretion was advisable. To speak a plainly, my dear fellow, Mrs. Hamilton t does' not love you." n *Do I ask Sirs. Hamilton to love me?" 'Probably not; yet I presume that you D ask her, or will soon ask her, to receive h you. And the fact is that, as at present tf advised, she will see you hanged first!" "She said.that!" ""Well, she gave me ' to understand as much." "And Daphne?" "DE, >Kss'- Hamilton was apologetic in advance. "'Whether "she guessed that you were.already.in-this country.or not I can't say;-, but-she-evidently , expected that you would put in an appearance "before long, arid'she was anxious tliat you should know how much -she regretted her mother's determination to slam the door of their-bouse in your face." Von Kahlenburg laughed good humouredly. "My dear dough, you .will never allow her to treat reft'in tnat -way." "How the 'deuce am I to prevent her? And if it comes to that, why the deuce should.I?" . "Why?—because you are my friend, of course. As for bow—well, I think that if you .and Daphne are on my. side, means will be found. By-tbe-wav, you must have contrived to. see Daphne alone, or she could " not hare spoken' to you' as Vou said she • did."- •'• . _ j "Yes, I had a private interview with her, but not as .the result of any contrivance on my part. • I happened, after leaving Palace'Gate, to meet her on her way home from her music lesson. She has a violin master on the other side of the Park, whom she honours with a visit every afternoon just now, it seems." "TlitTyoung mau rubbed his hands gleefully.- "Aha! every afternoon? That is capita]!...Then.I know whom she will meet to -iptorrow ^afternoon." "Oh, naturally. But look here, Otto—I have a ^conscience, and although you are kind enough, to call ,me your friend, I an also Mrs.. Hamilton's friend, you must remember. I ought not to lend myself to schemes which may end disastrously for her .and her daughter. In a word, your T uncle's authorisation becomes important. Have you asked him for it?" ""His -authorisation? Jvo; I have noifc asked him for dia.t—how could I?- It would not be customary. In our country* we are a greatj deal more formal about such matters than you are, and to request my uncle's consent "to niy marriage would be as much as requesting him to place himself in com- ! a munication with Mrs. Hamilton at once. v W-hich would make her excusably angry, I am afraid." - . ; "There; seems to be some ground for fearing that dt might," observed Ciough drily. "At the fiame time, your subterfuge doesn't D deceive me. If you have said nothing formal to your uncle, you -have certainly said something informal, and your guilty look shows, that he was not pleased." "I do not believe," answered Cbunt von Kahlenburg s heir-presumptive, evasively, "'that it would be possible to please him with anything short of a princely alliance; but'he is a slave to beauty, and Daphne will win his heart easily enough when the time comes. ' Meanwhile, nobody wanks you to lend yourself -to disastrous schemes. All you have to do, my good friend, until you receive further instructions from me, is to do Ttottbing st all." "Oh, that's all. is it? I like your 'further instructions!' Well, perhaps you had better see Miss Hamilton: you will evideni.lv manage to see her, whether it is better for you "to do so or not.' But take notice, please, that I reserve to mys4f complete future liberty of action." ' CHAPTER VIII.—DETERMINATION. It is a great blessing to be young, and an even greater blessing to know your own mind. Few people, to be sure, when in possesion of tbe former, realise the full impor-. tance of die latter; yet there belongs to early life an instinctive, unconscious contempt for obstacles which goes a long way towards tide achievement of results. "He who will be J?ope," suys the proverb, let him take 'it strongly into his head, and he shall .be Pope." So Otto von Kahlenburg, having taken it strongly into his bead that Daphne Hamilton and .no other should be his wife, strode across the misty -stretches of Hyde Park with a light-hearted determination which was in no wise dashed by tbe ascertained disapproval of persons who undoubtedly had it in their power to forbid the banns. His untie? 'Oh, •well, his uncle might, and probably would, make a fuss, but : what then? A childless widower, who has but one near • relative in the world, has given hostages to fortune, and cannot, unless he be abiiormallv unfeeling, show much fight when respectfully defied by that one relative. As for Mrs. Hamilton, her mysterious prejudic-e must be overcome—would assuredly be overcome from tUw moment that she should be called upon to ensure or destroy (her daughter's happiness. Whait signified— what .alone signified—-was the question of •whether 3jct djaugfater's happiness was at stake or not. If Count Otto was confident upon tlh&t; point, it may be pleaded for him that Daphne had, in those Bayreuth woods, given ham fair excise for' confidence; if 'he was.nlsD intermittently diffident (as in truth lie was) , let bim be credited with some measure of becoming modest}-. He ted no need to ask the way to Palace Gate; for, foreigner though lie was, he knew his London very we'll indeed, and had hiosts of friends (and many -friendly hosts) in a country which, he frequently visited in pursuit "of sport. Oidy ot course he could not tell for" certain at what precise hour Miss. Hamilton might be expected to illuminate that somewhat dreary quarter of the town b>»'her advent, and be ted, in. prudence, allowed himself a' wide margin of time, thus exciting 43ie visible curiosity of a loitering policeman, whom he passed and repassed while patrolling an exit from Kensington Gardens upon which it was necessary' for Mm to keep an eye. The London Police, unlike some of their foreign colleagues, are a simple, unsuspicious folk; so thaft Count Otto ran little risk of being mistaken for a dynamiter, with designs upon the neighbouring Albert Memorial. The expectations of the gentleman in blue were doubtless verified when a lady, bearing a violin-case, became visible through the log and falling darkness, and when the we!3-dressed saunterar sprang forward, bat in band, to intercept her passage. Such encounters, it ir.ay be presumed, are not unfrequently witnessed by the guardians of law and order on that particular beat. Moreover, although this did net happen to be am assignation, it had all. the appearance of one, for 'tihe young lady exhibited no sign of surprise or perturbation. "How do you do?" she said composedly. "I was wondering whether you were in England or riot. You have seen Captain Ciough perhaps?" '"Of course I am in England, and of course I have seen him," Hie young man answered. "Did he tell yon that I was here, then?" *"2vo, he didn't tell me fl'nat. 1'f he had. I shouldn't haive been •wondering, should I? a d s p i o w But he seeme to'have told you that he met ime j^. li!is yest>erdav. What else did ^ you jf it js allowable to ask?" j He told me," replied Otto, after a mo-| 1 \- - - - mentary hesitation, "that there would be' very Jit-tie use in my calling at your mo-1 ther's house." _ _ [ Exactly!' And tihlat is why you have' waylaid me?" ! "It is a good reason, surely! You cannot have supposed that 1 should submit tamely to be refused sight of you!" Daphne laughed. "Tame or fierce," she remarked, "you will have to submit, I am afraid, to the consequences of an antipathy which „mi.u I j. regret quite as much as you can. But there it is, you see, and it can't be helped. I begged Captain dough to take ^ opportunity of explaining and aipologisi^r Vou." : j No apoloav • she was assured was requi- :site; but something in the nature of an expiunation would be very gratefully received, If it was not asking too much, might he im J , plore her So turn back'into Kensington Gardens, and grant him five or ten minutes of conversation? He bad travelled rather aj long distance in quest of that boon, he pa-iib theticaliy added. "I thought,'" returned Daphne demurely, j ("tbat you had travelled to this country in | w quest of something a little more exciting, t ] Your name, at all events, has been mention- | ed aruone other distinguished guests who ! are expected to -shoot Lord Dovedale's co- verts towards tlie end of the month." (D j So she had taken the trouble to inform j erself as to his engagement;! That was uu . ncouraging circumstance, despite the some hat discouraging tone which she was j leased to assume. Her silent compliance: ith his request that .she should retrace her teps might likewise lie taken as an encouasre'ment agement to the avowal which broke forth j rom him before they had stepped many | ards, side by side, along the dfsewed ; road Walk. j "I did not come to England to shoot phea-1 ants—if Lord Dovedale and others have een -so kind as to invite me, that is only I ecause I gave them a hint, and because 11 ad to make some excuse to my uncle—1 ame simply and solelv to see you, to teil ou what you know already, that 1 worhip you, and that I cannot live without en!" ' Hiss Hamilton walked on, looking traight before her and answering nothing. "I did not know that before," was her ventual remark. "Oil, I think you must have known! But ven if you did not, you know now. Weil?" "Well—I am sorry. What more can I ay? I won't- pretend not to have known— hough we have never spoken about it, she nd I—why my mother hurried away from arienbad. I'll ere seemed to be a chance hat this might hap]«?n. If you will proise me that it shall never happen again, >ei-h:ips we may continue to be friends and there wil!_ be no objection to our meeting ccasionally." "Promise you that it shall never happen But—for what do you tiake me, . i The speaker's accents of amazed consternation may have been a trifle exaggerated; he could not, and did not, imagine that aphne seriously contemplated dismissing im in that curt, unfeeling fashion. Neverheless, be was chilled, and it scarcely comforted him to hear her reply with much tranquillity:— "leu see, it is less a question of what you are or of what 1 take you to be than of what is possible aud what is impassible. And my mother " "Oh, iliss Hamilton! Dajiiine! Can your mother make it impossible for you to love me?" "She can make-it impossible for me to marry you. Oil, 1 know what you are going to say. She is so good to me, and she has always spoilt me' so much that I might, if I chose, induce her to consent to anything. It doesn't fallow that 1 shall induce her to consent to a thing which she would, hate." "That is as. much as to say that you do not love me!" "Have I ever given you any excuse for supposing that I did?"' f>he really had; and he might, at a trifling cost of self-respect, have quoted words of hers which had appeared to convey that impression. But perhaps, under the circumstances, it would b; "heibner dignified worth while to upbraid her. So he drew himself up to his full height, brought his heels together with a click, bowed stiffly from the waist, and said— "Miss Hamilton, I see that I have made an unfortunate and" ridiculous mistake. Pray pardon >ue for having forced myself upon you, and let me assure you that tie intrusion will not be repeated. I shall leave England to-morrow." "t>ood-by, then," returned Daphne, pleasantly. Won't it be ratlin- rude to -disappoint Lord Dovedale and your other friends, though?" "So rude that I shall never dare to show my face in this country again, which is exactly tbe result that I wish for." The girl raised her eyes to the face which was about' to be withdrawn permanently from iheir range. In the depths of those blue eyes some merriment was discernible together with some compunction, while perhaps upon their surface—but it was impossible to swear to that in -such an uncertain light—there was just a faint foreshadowing of tears to come. u "I don't think," she said deliberately, 'that I oiight to let you behave so badly/ "Nothing," returned Otto, still haughty nd resentful, "is more easy than to preent-me, Miss Hamilton." Nothing is more easy than to act in accordance with one's inmost desires, and few things are more difficult than to conceal those desires at a critical juncture.. Hamilton, who was devoted to her mother, and who, after all, did not know s much about her wooer as she would have liked to know, by no means desired to be riven into a corner; but cornered she was, and nobody will be surprised to hear that only extricated herself by what, for all purposes, amounted to unconditional surrender. Certain conditions, she it is true; but the force and value these may be measured by the fact that she and her companion quitted Kensington Gardens (by which time it was quite dark), she had promised that if it should not nrove in her power to become bis wife, she would at least never be anybody-else's wife. "Then there !is no fear!" cried the exultant Otto, at parting. "Your mother does not really dislike me; how could she?" "I'm sure I don't know," answered Daphne, with a tremulous laugh. "No, it is not me whom she dislikes, only Clough whom she would prefer. You did not guess that? Yet it was evident enough. Well, you absolutely decline Ciough—who, for the rest,.is not a candidate, bless him! —and all is said. If there are any little difficulties they will vanish. They shall and they must, now that I have won all that I wanted to win!" So fine a thing is it to be young and to know your own mind. 