11EETTIXG OF IAXDOWVERS. A meeting of property owners and agent' of Port Adelaide, Adelaide, nn- suburb*, convened by Mr. H. J. Pudney, was held at the office of Mr. S. MaHn. St. Vincent street, Port Adelaide, on Friday afternoon. Mr. Pudney presided. On the motion of Mr. Stephen, seconded by Mr. Deacon, it was decided to form a property protection league, to be called 'The Real Property Protection League of South Australia.' Its objects are to protect landlords from unde sirabJe tenants and from fraud, to maintain a uniform and fair rate of rents, and to improve uie confidence between landlord and tenant. The meeting adjourn ed, and will elect officers and frame rule; at the next gathering. To-day's issue of The Begister' com prises twelve pages. The following notice was posted at the General Post Office on Friday, October 19: —'The additional mails by the Ger man mail steamers notified in the Postal Guide, page. 15, to leave Ber lin September 21 (due in Adelaide October 30) and October 22 (due in Adelaide No vember '$) have been cancelled. The steamers will not run the above-mentioned ? tripi. The RJLS. Ophir, of the Orient Line, out ward bound from London, u expected to arrive' at Largs Bay at 5 o'clock oa Mon day evening. The number of births and deaths regis tered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday. October 13. has been:— Births, 87 males, 81 females; death., 39 males, U females; total, 168 births, 83 deaths; 85 excess of births. District of Ade laide.-Birtha, 19 males, 17 female*; death*, 9 males, 11 females; total, 36 births, 20 deaJu; 16 excess of birth*. The Royal Commission on the wstern lands ofNew South Wales is about to rUh Adelaide, and will take evidence on Novem ber 13 and 13. The 'Paper Trade JonnuL' of Septem ber «. published in New York, contains au appreciative article under the headings 'Copying Paper— An Australian Takes On* an Engikh Patent' coverinR a process for treating paper with an Olco-rcsinous babstance and Glycerine.' Reference m made to an English patent issued to 'Charles C. Paltridge, of MaWera, South Australia,' and the article proceed* to de scribe Air. Paltridge'* proce»» of treating paper, 'whereby it ia rendered fit for receiv injr press copy Impressions without nece*-i- tatiim the subsequent application of mois ture thereto.' A company has been formed for dealing with Mr. Paltridges patent re ferred to by the American trade paper. A uerman firm of publishers a little while ago (says the 'Daily Chronicle') bit upon a novel and ingenious method of ad vertising, which has been attended by the happiest results. They caused to be insert ed in most of the newspapers a notice to the effect that a certain nobleman of wealth and nigh position, desiring a wife, wanted one who resembled the heroine to the novel named. Thereupon every marriageable wo man who aw the notice bought the book to see what the heroine was like, ami tin work had an immense sole. But it is said that the publisher* had to encase the ser vices of veveral additional clerks to deil with the deluge of feminine correspondence from the numberless ladies who claimed to be the 'image'' o: the heroine. The Rev. Dr. Carman, General Superin :enSent of the Canadian Methodist Church, n the course of a long and eloquent address recently delivered to the British Wesleyan Conference, thus spoke of the magnitude rod resources of Canada:— 'Think of j L-ountry of 3,600,000 square m le?, thirty times as large as the United Kingdom of lircat Britain and Ireland; 600,000 square miles larger than the United States of America, leaving Alaska out, and 18,000 larger with Alaska included; and only 145.OUO square miles less than Continental Eurv})t-. We have fresh w&ier; soil* on i'te upland*, wearing the growing towns and citicit ox the shores as necklaces ot' pearl-, i If England and Scotland were 800 miles ' long, with a uniform breadth of 200 mi'es, they would have an area of 100,000 wjuare miles. But our older provinces, from Nova Scotia to Ontario inclusive, comprise about 300,000 square miles; the District of Kei watin is 400,000 square miles; British Co lumbia, 340,000 square miles; and the almost untrodden Mackenzie lfcuin, vast in re- , sources, is 14200,000 square miles. £tart at I Halifax and ride 700 miles west, and you reich Montreal on the majestic 2-t. Law rence River. Three hundred miles further you reach Toronto, one of the finest cities on the earth, on Lake Ontario. Push west ward 1,200 further, and you come to Wini peg, tbc capital of Manitoba, the gntcwjy of the vast prairie region at the confluence of the Asaeniboine and Red Rivers. And now you have only reached the mi. -e point of our dominion. Then on another 2,000 miles over prairie stretcher, and through the Rockies and Selkirk.-, and you sweep down the Pacific done through the groat forests and marvellous scenery of the Fra ser Valley to Vancouver and Victoria. Last year a population of about 300.COO rniscJ 40,000,000 bushels of wheat besides other grains. To move this wheat by rail to the elevator* ct Fort Willam, on Like Superior, if ynti put 500 bu.«bels in a car, '20 cur- to the train, and 10 trains per day, would require 400 days, and thu U but the be ginning; otAy the fringes of the great lone land are touched. Where i generation ago millions of buffalo ranged, hundreds of thousands of cattle, horses, and sheep now feed. Broad forest expanses are awaiting the woodman and the mill; the mineral, coal, and petroleum deposits call aloud for the capitalist and the labourer; and the teeming waters summon the iWherman to the river and sea. . . . Upon the ancient huddling Babel came the confusion of tongues to scatter them abroad to fill the earth. Upon the modern huddling Babel mav the Holy Ghost come down to giro them all cne language of liberty, life, and law, and lead them forth from the con gested centres of population on tbc rivers to the ends of the waiting earth. Some day a part of the millions of money that go for war may be directed to such a beneficence.' A well-known rifle shot, who coached the Australian team competing for the Kola pore Cup. being himself an Australian (writes 'M.A.P.') considered that he ought to show his men a vcrtoin amount of hospitality. So he wrote a letter to Sir Henry Irving, asking him if he could ar range for him to bring the whole tram round one ni^ht to the Lyceum Theatre. Sir Henry generously sen: his own box, and the bold riflemen all appeared in it the following evening in uniform. The spokesman of the party ~.vas a naval volun teer officer, who looked so very gorgeous in his brilliant new uniform that be caused luite a sensation in the nou»e. tven wniic the play was going 'on all eyes were more or less directed to the box. The Austra lians were intensely interested in the play, and, before the tirst act was over, every man of them was in love with MUs Terry, and all said that they longed to be pre sented to her so as to be able to tell their friends m Australia that they had shaken hands with the greatest* actress in all the empire. Their host told them that he would try and arrange h with Miss Terry. So he went round to the back of the stage and saw her, but when he proposed that the riflemen should all come round ;n a body to see her, she, naturally enough, siid, 'Oh, dear, no! that is impossible. .Sir Henry would have a fit to see soldiers in uniform at the back of the scenes. But,' she added, ''I will tell you what I'll do. You bring your volunteers to the door of this ante-room'— and she pointed out a little door leading from the stalls— 'and I will come and shake bands, and say a few words to them there.' The marksman rushed back to the box, enthusiastic and overjoyed with the success of his mission. But, when he explained his plan to the party, half of them were distressed and afraid to go. Their courage had oozed out during his absence, and, line, big fellows at they were, they were as nervous and as shy as schoolboys at the though; of the interview. However, three of them, in cluding the naval man, put on a bold front, and said, 'Yes, we will go''— the naval man being particularly daring. At the close of the second act the host led down the three riflemen who had the courage to face the ordeal, and placed them at the door ot the ante-room, while he went to fetch Miss Terr}'- l'ut, to his dismay, just as he was leading the great actress to the door, he spotted the bai-k.* of the three riJlemen in full and precipkatc retreat. All Mis.* Terry could say was, ''What ha» happened to these bold warriors! Wh- have they fled 7' The hose tuid he would let her know, and hastened back to the box. where he found a terrible hubbub co in; on. Then the spokesman, thv naval man, said, 'It was like this; the moment you left us we began to think it oat, and we asked one another what on earth we could ray to Miss Terry when she came. There didn't seem to be anything we could wy, and the position got more acd moic difficult. We could not say 'Will you have a drink,' and there seemed nothing clae to say, so — we fled.' The new coaling station which it has been proposed to construct at Portsmouth will be located at Barrow Island, a small ic&ind; on the western side of the harbour adjacent to l'riddy'* Hard. It will be con nected to the mainland by a railway. k- that cool can be supplied to it by land ;?» well as by water; piers, and wharfs mil also be constructed, 'and all necessary op ,-lianc«£- for unloading colliers, ic, will be supidied, and the harbour will be dredged, so that vessels of any draught and dimen sions may proceed alongside and cual at any state of the tide. The question of how to reconcile religion and personal malice does not, apiAirently, trouble the mind of Mr. van Alpueo, ex Postmaster-Geucral of the Transvaal. The other day be announced hid intention of bringing up his children and grandchildren to hate the English, and when it was point ed out to him that he was commanded to forgive his enemies be answered that the maxim did not apply, to the English. After all, Mr. van Alphcn is quite right. There is no injunction that forbids one to hate one's friend*. There is little doubt (observes 'Sell's Commercial Intelligence') that tie coal de posits in China are the largest in the world, and Herr von Richthofcn, the famous Ger man geologist, estimated the anthracite eoal deposits in the southern portion of the province of Shansi at 630 milliards of tons. But these ore only a small part of China's wealth of coal, more especially in the pro vinces of Shansi, Hunan, Shantung, Szechuen, and Yunon. The deposits in the two latter provinces seem more e*pe- j cully to tempt the French. The Manchuri- ! an coal deposits are already, to a great ex tent, under direct Russian control. The naval supremacy of England, in which we have long been confident as an asse; ou which we may rely, though all others f-iii, appears now to be threatened with a serious danger, says a 'corrcspon- der,f in the 'Globe.' He refers to the recent perfection of the French submarine craft. Such attention as was vouchsafed by the English Press to the trials mode of tlteir efficiency some montas ago seems to have token the form of good-natured chaff rattier than of any deeper consideration. The terrible power of a submarine torpedo boat, if successful, needs no insistence. The hindrance to their success has always been the necessity of rising to the surface periodically to take their bearings; but 31. Lockroy claimed, after hu experiments with the one now adopted by the French marine, that it ro*e and rank again to speedily tbut it was impossible to train the guns upon it, and that a torpedo without charge was fired against the side of the vessel he was in, which would, in the ordi nary way, have destroyed it. How thorough ly the french believe jn them and how complete i.s their satisfaction is shown by the determination to build a large number, of which several are already in process of construction. My correspondent goes on to sny that !tc has looked in vain for any evidence that these facts are being noted by our naval authorities or critic*, or any steps being taken to meet the danger, but 1 think he may trust the Admiralty. A squire's son in the Midlands was an nounced as engaged to be married. The village was in a great state of excitement to know what the young lady was like. In order to satisfy the curiosity the inn keeper's wife, who hod enjoyed a liberal education, asked insinuatingly, 'Wait the young lady who was staying last year at the hall the fiasco in question?' A Arm of baby-carriage builders received a remarkable letter from a proud mother a few days ago. 'Dear sir,' it went, 'I have one of the loveliest babies imaginable, and the envy of tho neighbourhood, a photo of which I beg to enclose. If you will present me with one of your baby car riages I shall have much pleasure in re commending it to all my friends.' The firm decided that the baby was a little too dear. Potato spirit, or alcohol, adulterated with pyridine, is coining into favour as an illu niinant in Germany, and promises to rival acetylene. It is most economical in lamps of at least 70 candlepower. In the gardens of the imperial palace of San*-9ouci, Pots dam, there are 320 incandescent lamps burn ing this alcohol. Owners of billiard tables will learn frnm our advertising columns that Alcock & Co., the celebrated manufacturers, have opened a branch with workshops at 7, King Wil liani streot. Adelaide. Repairs of every de scription can be executed there. Attention is called to the fact that Pro fe*s-r Douglas will lecture at the University on TlrurMlay. October 25, at 8 p.m., on 'Chaucer: The Man and his Art. Admis sion free. Tickets may be obtained on appli cation to the registrar at the University. The secretary of the Horticultural and Floricultural Society ha* asked us to draw the attention of intending competitors for the specul prizes for decorated dinner tables at the flower show to be held on Thursday that the entries will close at 5 o'clock on Monday. we nave been requested, with reference 0 the new premises for the Stock Ex ?hanjrc. to jay that 'Mewn. Dunn and Fit. er are working in conjunction in the super ision as in the preparation of the plans, -ut as it would be difficult for the two to onfer ujxm every little matter that might .rise, it has been arranged that Mr. Dunn, -ejnc the senior in practice, should act as hief supervisor, but in all important mat er? Messrs. Dunn and Fuller will act in ton junction.'. We have received the 'South Australian Institutes' Journal*' for October— a wel! ditcd and interesting number. Received, in aid of a necdv cose at Croy ion.— A., 5/; L. E. 0., 10/; Sdborne Cham. )en«. £1. Christmas is fast approaching, end the irst shipment* of seasonable goods have al ready arrived. Amongst the novelties iuat unpacked by A. L. Bruakhont, jeweuer, 110\. Uundle-rtreet, are 'Robcrte' and 'Ba- Ion-Powell' Souvenir Spoons, ' oons of the Empire'' Bookmarks, Patriotic Charms, and 1 choice selection ot E.P. ware, most suit ible for presents. n293th«c 'The Management of the Broken Hil1 Proprietary Company complains that, al though the company pays able- bodied men U. .M. per shift at Port Pine, there is i dearth of hands there, and that fifty men it least could get employment right away.' n289.91,3 In all classes of Shirts for summer wear it is important to have a good fit. Gus. Dirks & Co. have all their Shirts made to special patterns, and the enormous sale tuev liave for these goods is no doubt large ly due to their excellence of shape. n281c The two best and cheapest Sewingma chines are the New Home (treadle) and New National (hand). Perfectly simple, and with fair usage cannot get ont of order Sold on easiest terms of payment. A. W. Dobbie & Co., Sole Agents, Gawler-place. ntnscv Cycles are now considered a necessity by most people. The 'Sterling' (built like i watch), the Humber— Beeston or Coven try—and other first-class Cycles and all Sundries at A. W. Dobbie & Co., Gawler-pi. n272smc Mr. A. E. Lawton, of 33 and 33, Royal Exchange, the !-outh Australian apent for the Royal Bar-lock Typewriter, informs us chit the sales of this well-known machine now exceed fifty thousand. One English firm has over two hundred in use. 153sac A special range of Choice Worsted Trou wrings, at one guinea per pair, is being shewn by Messrs. Chas. Birks & Co., Vice regal Ta-lors, 46, Rumlle-street. n28lc GARDEN AND FIKLD.-October Somber full ot up-to-date information. Further valuable notes on I'itrw Culture— Morlng Treef. FIowct, Fruit, and YeKeuble (iarden Note*. Standards (cr Indian Run ner Durks and lirotrn Leghorns Cure tor Eggeat ing. Sixpence; 5*. 6d. /ear. Grcniellstreet, City. n275ihsc 