[?] A loolisli leroixip. CHAPTER VIII. The attending physician one day told me that I, had narrowly escaped insanity. H^piT^e tie1 victim of some great trdublfl''[B4a'i '$$ for, in delir ium, ypu.miittere'a and swore; callea someone a liar and unhraided an ^ac- quaintance becasa he 'had not the moral Btrenght to tell the truth. You must asnearly a3 possible dismiss such thoughts, for if a relapse should take plaee, you would be in danger of losing your ntind,'' ' ??Iclttii'ot help bnt. thijik pi. my, wrongslf 3^ feebly rapiwd.! ;?' ' .^-- 'Y^youian., Diueose andtrpubie, to a great extent, can be thrown off. Faith makes a.jaan: rejjgipas; will makes him stirong. Whenever trouble some thotiMte occaritb!y|u, turn from fchem aJf ywtrould^ turn from a vile stench.' ' , „ 'You have been reading Macaulajr, I replied. ^ A ? V. ?' ^v 'HowHdo you know?' he asked with a smile; ' ' . 'Well, you haye.hjus sly . repetition, his peculiar clearness 6f manner.' 'I am a student of Macaulay,' he replied. !{L ,am elad ^that you , noticed it, for it fs Sri Vaiellent iign.'1 ' 'What is your name?' I asked. 'Hill,' he replied. 'You.haven'fc been a physician very long?'-^''- ™o-'w-- -:?? ? ' No, aa you see, I am a yonng man ? that is, you inay not sepit, b^iPl am a very hard' student; ''-Ttere ' now don't say anything more ; you have fcalke&eifQUgh;'' '.'?? , (I 'NT« *T tinn't. fliinlr if. will hnrfc me. I have been so long in darkness that I enjoy th» light. Do you'make enough monoy iajyourjpractice ,to keep you in goodjtyle?'. .. He ! laughingly., replied : I-JWv make ,.no.,:money. ^411 the, money I have ever secured has been spent in investigation. - I,spen,tabo1iit $10,000 last year in this Way.'' ' ' Your parents must be wealthy. 'My ^parents'; are^dead.. My^ Sis- ter furnishes me with the money. She is waalthy,'ana wpuld give me .more bufc I am ashamed to accept it.' ',' What is her name 1' ' Mrs. Annie ^reen. Her. husband is dead, and^-thereVl said you were talking too much. Y;ou are as pale as a ghost. Don't try to' get up, you—' ' This was all I heard. Again I caught glimpses of persons passing me. Weeks must have dragged, along. ' When J again became conscious, I was so weak that Ircould. spircely lif t.,my head'.' '* 'I an'kiouslyv watched for Dr. Hill. One of the nurses told me that he was deeply interested in iny case.' The next time he visited me, he looked at me closely, and said : ,' You must not talk, remember. Since I mentioned my sister's name, yon have spoken a dozen times of her. ? What in ypur;name? ?: Oh, yes, ?Barkw the writer.' 'She is' a widow, and of* course is .rather romanjio. When I see her,? l%te$ her fcbotit your mut tering8.^'Iam so'buay ''thafcl do not see h|r%fi^. 'H Tier^now cUm't; say a TTord.' Someone approached and hapded a teleeraphic?diB|atch't6Dr Hill: After hurriedjyj reading it, he said : 'I must . go dowhirito tfie -f countryj to begone, I don'tHcnow how long. Be quiet, and take care of:: yourself. Ypu'U be well ? I suppose,^ thj?4iP}?j*:re!'ur.?V-' ' The days ''seemed'to exhaust them ?elves, so laboriously did thjjy.'Srag; along. I sent for Cartwrightsf but he paid no attention to my ^ reqUest; ' At lasfc'iN&s; 'pifcti to, go home- During my trouble' 'fhacf found enough fcirjje; to work on: my book. I had completed it and had left it on my desk^ but when T rnr.nm«d. I could nbt find it. I Was «nlightened_, I, saw '.'a review d^it'in one.tdtthe Reading papers. While, I was wandering in a statejof perplexity, Cartwright called; I was' tob'weak, or I wouldhave. ttifown him through a ?window. A, 'Barker,' said he, 'I thought you .were going to die, and I took the liberty of having your book brought oufc,' 'I wiBh. you would take tho liberty of telling the truth.' 'My dear boy, liberties are expen sive. Now don't apeakfdfc that affaiiv »t Mrs. Green's house. 1 fcried^my. best to do the square thing; but could not. That fellow Brown's got me in a way you know nothing about.', 'C^rtwriglvb, /you will oblige me by quitting this room Y and, permit uie°to add, I hope you will never, darken my door again.' 'Now look—' 'Never mind. Explanations are out. of order. Go!' That evening, When I took up a newspaper,, I read the. following : ? ' Colonol Honry^ Brown, the. well known journalist,' ifitTsaTd upon' good authority, is soon to bo united in mar riage to Mrs. Annie Green, a, beauti and wealthy widow, formerly ofChi^ cago, now. of. this city.' OErJlPTER IX. I threw, down the paper and, if I re member'1 ' correctly, raved like a' wild beaat. I cursed myself, and I cursed Brown and Carjjwjrigfit.';' Then I sat down/ 'af/d. as quietly ' as possible; mused over tKe'damiiable treachery that had brought about my ruin. What could I do? Nothing. Every thing had, been tried.; everything had failed. Oh, how 1 did want to shoot Brown. How I dig long to take a shot-gun, loaded with scraps of iron and shoot his hellish smile. Cart wright ! What an infamouB, cow ardly wretch L A man who has not the strength to tell the truth ought to bo branded. ' 1 'don't know what to do,' I mused. 'They have made OUb a plausible case against mo, and 1 tun left without defence.' I could not remain in the city. I hated its activity and the glare of its false finery. My book was a success^ I reqoiyed.many complimentary lettero from eminent writers.' 'The reviewers were kind, but one writer who had seen me, said, in print, that I was a viciiim 'of overwork, and that if I did not seek immediate rest 1 would be come 'insane:' Oh, yes'-l was a victim, but. not a victim of overwork. I slipped away from town, intending never to return. I did not tell a single acquaintance whither I was go ing. In fact, I did not know myself, but a week after starting I was not 'surprised to find that I was in the neighbourhood of Bluo Riiok, the place where I first! met Mrs. Annie i '-.Green. The hotel was'no longer Sept by the same, man. It wao.-now- h'afdly^ a hotel, but was moro^fof a farm house. The summer house's were .jtorn away, EHd,'the,park ; was^rned'into a pasture: : ~'Ik caileif'at -the house andintroduced myself to a fat man whom L found on the porch. 'My name is Gladwell,' he said, arising with ..difficulty and extending : a hand almost as large; as1 a small ham; .' Sifc down, sir.' I sat down and made an effort to be cheerful. \- ' You. ai'e not running a hotel, ara you, Mr'. Gladwell ?' ' ^L°jl thank S'd j' Se said this with such fervor that I looked^at him more closely. Under his ''? chin, reaching1'' around' to -his ear, he' ,wore,.a.narrow growth of beard. His ?fat cheJBlis shook when he cleared his tliroafc ? (To be continued.) 