/ UNDER FATE'S WHEEL. O J By LAWRENCE L. LYNCH. 'Author of " Against Odds," " No Proof," &c;, &c.; CHAPTER XXVI.-Terry Misapprehends-. Terence Glynne is a strong young fel- low, sound In heart and in body. Life has never turned to him her cold and soamy side ; he has friends, and fortuue, and r.obust health ; nud nature and circum- stances have combined to make of him a cheerful optimist. At first he has seemed undaunted by the tragic events of that day at tho Heights, . while ho has deeply deplored them. Even his strong and campst love for Lorna Hil- ton has not made bim heavy- hearted ; ho knows ol' no barrier between thom, and ho knows how to wait. This at first. Then Lorna-who here- tofore has always met him with a smile ol welcome, if not of actual encouragement seems to change. At first ho has thought it the natural result of her shocked and depressed condition ; had even sympathised j in what he thought her shrinking, for a time, from a meeting with one so closely concerned in the. affair which has placed 1 her in so delicate, so cruel a position-be- cause of the reserve which must be kept for the sake of others, in pare, and for her own sake as well. His own fine and chlvalious instincts have led him to refrain from seeming to seek her presence for a time, but when at last they are by chanco thrown together, the pained look in her eves, her affrighted and nearly silent greeting, and her almost instant withdrawal, was a shock that hurt, and which he could not understand. But it was nevertheless a fuct. Terry was too clear sighted, too honest, tco much in earnest, to attempt self-deception. Lorna, his one time friend, the cordial, candid, sympathetic Lorna, who never wil- lingly hurt the feelings of any ; Lorna \- shun» him, or meets him with too evident unwillingness and dread, and ho never imagines why. Thou comes Loyd's wild outburst, and the shock of hearing that the girl he loves is learning-too late-how much she has cared for the man who is dead. It is a crushing blow ; and it is well for Terry that the rumours concerning Loyd Hilton's guilt, with nil the flying gossip which follows its first appearance, comes to take him-outside himself in his loyalty to his friend^ for he has never once thought of abandoning Loyd, or of being the less ready to serve Lorna because she loved or so he now believes-a man unworthy in life as in death. Anxious to serve Loyd, for that is to serve Lorna, he still knows that he must not claim tho least knowledge of the affair, less for his own sake than for theirs ; but what he can he does, chafing at the thought that it is so little. Whenever the mlserablo story is so much as hinted at in his pre- sence, he declares it a scandal and a folly, and defends Loyd, by argument where argu- ment is comprehended, and by flat denials everywhere, and he is lawyer-like in dodg- ing knotty and delicate points. But one day he is approached by Sheriff Cook. "I want a word with you, Mr. Glynne," tho sheriff says mildly ; and then, without any preliminary: " I wish you would take my word that it will be best for all con- cerned that you do not champion young Hil- ton too freely. We want no more complica- tions, and too much talk may bring them about us. I am speaking in all friendliness, mind. And, remember, the same hand which set this hall rolling may turn the light on other things." And he meets Glynne's eye, a look of meaning in his own. " Believe me, you can serve Hilton better now by silence. Later it may be well to speak." There is no explanation-only that look ; and it sets impulsive, generous Terence Glynne to thinking. The sheriff speaks as one who knows, and Glynne is not one to underrate the ability or the wisdom oí the man. He has seen Hilton seldom of late, but they have agreed since the very first not to see each other too often, iest an appearance of intimacy and mutual understanding should provoke criticism, and it is an actual relief to Terry when he is called to the city for a time upon business connected with the management of a rather large estate, which for years has boen the care of a guardian, and which has only Avithln the past tAVO come Wholly into his own hands. He is not aware when leaving Lee that Sheriff Cook is out of tewn, and he has no time for leave-takings. He returns at last, after a longer absence than ho could have foreseen, and his first thought is for Loyd and Lorna. Ho has no familiars in Lee to whom he would care to apply, for, by an untoward bit of ill luck, as he vipws it, his friend Harley is off with a fishin? party. With his usual directness he seeks for the sheriff, and learus that he has just arrived, and has driven out to the only homo he now claims-his sisters home upon the outskirts of Lee. This is in the morning. Immediately after luncheon Terry again seeks Sheriff Cook, and it is only when he finds him still absent that he mounts, his trusty wheel and goes to the villa straight- way. But Terence Glynne, the near friend and confidante of Loyd Hilton, is not the man Avhora Hope can face with equanimity, not knowing his mission, and in the absence of her aunt, and so Terry finds himself denied. ' Miss Cassandra is absent," the maid as- sures him, " and Miss Hope is indisposed and begs that he will excuse her, and come -at another time." And then it is that with set teeth and the look in his eyes of a man who has resolved to know, and not to be thrust aside, he turns his face -towards Redlands. From the first moment of their meeting, Mrs. Hilton has been glad to welcome Terry Glynne to iier home, for his own sake ; and it is tor his own sake that she greets him witlt, a shade of embarrassment now, for, believing, as she still does, that Lorna 13 mourning for Felix Chet.wynde, and knowing also the hope and the love which such men as Terence Glynne can no more conceal than they can their own honest manliness, she is ill-prepared to give bim tho comfort she would, or the news lie seeks. She is somewhat anMous, too, for Ljvd has gone out upon the lake alone. He does this often of late, she tells Glynne, and Lorna-this is the source of her chief uneasiness Lorna, according to Higgins, the gardener's j aid, has gone into the woods to the south- | ward upon her wheel, and in company with Miss Cassandra Ohetwyude ; and, while the lady is glad to have Lorna in such good and safe company, she fears that the girl may overdo, in her desire to be wáth the kindly spinster, and venture too fast and far. When Terry turns away from Airs. Hilton's door he rides slowly southward, along; the lake shore, and presently he comes upon the trail of two bicycles, their swinging curves distinct in the soft sand. Why shall he not follow them-? He longs to see Lorna, if »uly for a moment, and Miss Cassandra is his friend, even as he is hers. She is so safe, so sensible, and -if Lorna is not too cold towards him-if she does not really Shun him again, he is sure that Aunt Cass will give him the chance for just a word alone with her. . The thought warms his heart. The trail is fresh, and he follows on, wondering much when it leads him directly to the Hojghts. There are moments 'in the lives of most when formality, ceremony, the wordy,, mean» ingless preface to the real thonght waiting for utterance, all fall away, and human beings are as humanly direct as Nature's . children were meant to he when Nature reigned. It docs not startle Lorna when, arousing from her l>rief swoon, she sees Terence Glynne "bending over her, and, having seen nim, she heaves a long sigh of content, and rests for a moment with 'her eyes half closed,, then, putting out her hand, she lets, tim .lift her to a sitting posture, and glances about her. she does not ask how or why He is there ; she does not thinlc of it ; she thinks first of the face, and then of her finad. , *. "Where-is she ?" < , £»|jC3üetwyoä« ? She tpatoff- fe-*p£ L haste in pursuit of some person of whom 11 could only catch a glimpse through the trees. She called, as she ran, for me to assist you." I " Then-there was some one !" The girl's! face begins to glow. " There was some one, then ! and now-now !-Oh, if Sheriff Cook were only hore !" Her eyes are brighten- ing, her breath comes almost pantlngly, she is powerfully excited, and Terry begins to I fear that some sudden fright has for the I moment unsettled her already sorely-tried ner(ves. | " I was sure of it !" the girl goes on eagerly. " Almost certain that if I could only muster the courage-It would come back to me ! And now-it has come, it has come ! Oh--I don't see how I can wait- ' for that sheriff to come back. If only I could get to him now !" I , Her colour is rising ; already she is struggling to her feet, is moving toward the bridge. Ho must soothe her at all hazards, thinks this deluded lover ; he must take her homo at once. " Miss Hilton," be says very quietly, " Mr. Cook is at home. He- came this morning." "Oh ! are you sure-sure .' I am so glad ! Now, at last, I can go to him and tell him that there was another in the wood that day. Oh, I have so longed to be able to show them where to search for that other one, and now-." Is she growing hysteri- cal ? Her voice trembles, and breaks ; she stops and, leaning her face against a tree,. begins to sol). Terry is almost beside himself. Has not Mrs. Hilton confided to him her fears for the result of so much brooding over her brother's unhappy position, of her talk-" wild talk," as the good lady has described it-of some one else-of a face she has forgotten and longa to recall, a face seen in the woods that day ? And who should kuaw better tnan himself that Lal na could have seen lo face ? He recalls Loyd'? discovery, made from the tree- top; of the carriage going swlitly down the hilly wood road, recklessly, and without a driver. Can she have heard their talk in her half-conscious state, am* imagined it some Ueeiug assassin whose face she has seen ? Oh, it is folly to think. He must act ; must take her home, before she grows really dolirious, as she was at first ; as the doctor bos said she might so easily become again. Suddenly the sobbing ceases, and she looks up. " Do-do you think l ought to wait here for - Miss Cassandra?" she asks, anxiously. " Not at all ! We ought to go at once, Miss Hilton. Miss Chetwynde put you in my care. She-there Avas some one she was most anxious to see." And now, for the first time, he gives a moment's thought to the spinster, and to wonder If she, too, had suddenly gone mad. But, no, there is method in Miss Cassandra's madness-of that he is very certain She has pursued in hot haste, and doubtless lu wrath, some spy-, there is, doubtless, reason in her flight. And may it not even have been, in part, at least, for him-to give him the opportu- nity he craves ? She has gone, whatever the reason, and he is hoie with this lovely, distraught girl. He must think-he desires to think-of her, and her only. Very gently he speaks, urging her to calm- ness, and humouring her strange fancy ; and piesently they are mounted, he riding close beside her, watchful and tender, and marvelling at her strength and sudden quiet If she will only remain thus ; at least until she is sato within her own walls ! Suddenly she turns toward him. " Mr. Glynne, I ought to explain my mean- ing to you, I know. Perhaps my brother has told you_^metbirg-about the face which I saw, and Avas not quite sure-" "Yes!" he breaks in, eagerly. " ifes, Miss Lorna ; Loyd and I are quite in each other's confidence, you know. You need not speak of it now. I quite understand quite." Lorna thanks him, and relapses into silence. Something, it is evident, Is troub- ling her mind. Little more is said by either, and the girl's old manner of reserve comes gradually back as they go on. ' She grows weary, too, and when they arrive at Redlands gees at once to her room, leaving Glynne to explain to Mrs. Hilton. " I'm so tired, mamma !" she says. "IPlease let me go to my room, and-Mr. Glynne-will you mind Helling her ? 'I can- not talk of it-now." Mrs. Hilton hears his story with a troubled face. " I am not surprised," she says. " I have felt that if something does not occur to lift this stigma from Loyd's shoulders-'-" " But she 'believes him innocent," Terry interposes. " She does, firmly. But she has also grown to "believe, or to fear, tbat the world and his judges will pronounce him guilty. It is this belief and this fear together that are preying so upon her mind, until now she is trying to believe in some other agency, some chimera. Oh, I wonder how it will all end !" " It must not end ill for her if human power can prevent it," he says, and leaves her with a strange new look of resolve upon her face. Miss Cassandra arrives at the villa late, and " much fatigued"-or so she declares going at once to her rcom. She gives no ac- count of her afternoon, but she sends the' " boy factotum," as she is fond of calling her lad-of-all-work, with a not of inquiry to Mrs. Hilton, and goes to her rest only when she hears that Lorna is at home fatigued, but unharmed. Next morning early a messenger comes from Redlands with a note ror Miss Cas- sandra, which read thus : " Dear Miss C,-The ' ghost' walks again. If you can do so, come and stay Avlth us to- night.-V. E. Hilton." The spinster reads this note, and sets her teeth. " It has gone far enough !" she declares, with fire in her eyes. "A fig for foolish promises ! The sheriff knows how to hold his tongue it need." ' And while the morning was yet early she was off-this time in the pony- carriage-to Leo and the sheriff's office. (To be continued.) 