THE-BEAUTI Fill M RS. LEACH V PUBLISHED BY SPEGIAL' AHRkNGEitENT.l ' < ' :- - — 1 ' -!trfho":/,'if "A Btrange Solution," "The Star Child," : ."Mercsla," "When the BlrdB Begin to Sing," "The Great House of Castleton,'';&c.;, &e.; ',tc o p y B'i g h'w CHAPTER XIII.— (Continued.) CrlsUna's smiling lips revealed the beau ties of .her faultless teeth, her breast swelled With stifled energy, she, gasped as If suffocat ed by- want of that movement. Mr. Lambert-Browne . realised a strange r .sensatlon./Thls woman in whose presence he \- found himself only for the second time could compel him to her will. True, she expressed ; , merely a small and caBual "\vlsh, but ,lf she : had-'' asked hlrn 'to 'gailop'to his'doom he was .'dimly aware HO' would have complied. . What witchcraft, had Nature given to Crls- tlna Leacli that she. should force the wills i of others to her mood without an effort? Mr. ' Lalmbert-Browne was by temperament lazy; India had slackened his energies, but now he .was ready for anything. "Rather!" he replied. "Come along." 1 Crlstlna turned, caught. Sir William's eye, nnd called to him In clear ringing accents, '.'Stay ' where you are. I'm just going for a gallop round the park!" Before he could reply she had given Whirlwind his head, and was scampering- away at full speed. "Good God!" cried Sir William to John Morrow, " she's going round, the park. Did you hear?— Round the park, Morrow; or, that devil of a horse! She doesn't know the ground; there are rabbit holes all over the place, and you can't see them for the long ' gralss; the boughs of the trees are low, too, and Whirlwind bolts." He gasped out the words in a frenzy of fear, as his eyes followed the reckless figure. The sight of her riding at full.Bpeed, her horse's head neck to neck with Lambert-' Browne's, filled him with Jealous . resent ment. "Crlstina can look after herself," replied 'John Morrow, calmly. ''Look after herself!" slioutod Sir WlllliSm,; Irritated to fury by the father's callous man- " lier. "With death-traps at every other yard.' iYou old fool! I can go with the best- of' them, ' though I'm not as young as Lambert- Browne, hut by George, I'll fetch her back, before she breaks her neck." .' , " . . "SHe brought down his crop wllh all the force: he could muster .upon, Blackleg's withers. iTjie animal leapt forward with -surprise,, and: broke into a gallop, It. seemed: to knoiv that' fipmething was the matter, for in answer: to: Blr William's urging, it gained on the rae-j lng couple .with long, steady1 . strides. The; baronet bent low' over Blackleg's heck, like' a Jockey riding Ills hardest.at. the last, anil all tlje time he shouted— shouted 'at the very: : top 'of.- his voice, as if to crack his lungs. "Dajnger!" he yelled.' "Danger! Stop— I. say: -come back— come bock! Crlsttnit— Cris— tl— faa-r-L" ; ' But the breeze carried his voice back In the direction of John- Morrow, and Mrs. Leach, all unconscious of what was happeh- Jng, .continued her ra'ee with glee. Now and cigain she would laugh aloud, of whisper .under her breath to the free-going chestnut, .tvhode perfect action put her In an admirable temper. She really felt Inclined (If Oliver had Siht'eared at that moment) to smile, even up- tn him, with superb graciousness. Nearer, nearer , drew , Sir William, caring liot'for his fatigue, and without a thought lor hlB own personal safety. His eyes were set upon Crlstlna alone. How passionately be adored the slim figure flying from him— )what a miserable, worthless wilderness the world would be without her now! He rods " > .. v as' a man possessed, every nerve . strained aiid his heart-. thumping like a steam-engine. . .As to the risk-poor Blackleg rain of placing bis hoof In a> ti-eacherous ' hole Sir William 'ignored this . Ahtlrely, till suddenly he was eonsclbds ot 'd dizzy flight through the air, and the whirling of stars upon his horlzdn. Then came, res); darkness, oblivion!" \--John 'MofroiWrom the far dlstanpe espied the fall: < he. could see aw ebony, horse; i stretched , iup, on , the : ground,; and. somethlpg 'like a' small speck a few- yards further on, , " — - the ivoman! She's killed him, or done hef besti''''he' cried, running with all his might- towards. Sir. William. Now that it was too late Crlstlna looked bnfck.' PeriittpS ' the cry he had given In fall ing reached her ear, pr some vague lntultloti of evil came 'suddenly to . his thoughtless love. The senseless body In a' moment wnB surrounded,, for Billings followed John Mor row, and Mr. .'Lambert- Browne drew up at a sign from Crlstlna Leach. Sir William lay fuco dpwn, wards, with Ills liend against the stump'of a tieb.' I-le was bleeding profusely from the forehead. "He is not dead," said Crlstlna, quickly;, "he is not deadfi'-By her tone she seemed to, be,'. excusing her -folly; she dared not meet John Morrow's'-oyea. Stooping over Sir Wil liam she raised him with great tenderness In her. arms. Mr. Lambert-Browne marvelled a't her strength; for though tall and well formed, Crlstina. did not give the idea of a muscular womail. .If the - others had not In tervened Bhe made. as If to carry him unaided across the park. _ 'Retch' a shutter and some cushions. Run aS fast-ag.you can;. a hurdle would do," said John Morrow to Billings. "I'll gSt;, them -from Mr. Oliver's bungalow; It's not A; stone's throw from here!" replied Billings, >(and wtiB gone before. John Morrow -could reply. . . Crl6t|i|a .put out her hand with a sharp "N$'.!i$,<!i£bik£4he others hushed her down. CHARTER XIV.— "DEAD DELIGHTS— .'OLD LbVES .AND PASSIONS PAST." il- Still: unconscious Sir William was carried to Oliver's bungalow, and placed lu Oliver's bed. On hearing from Blllliigs of his father's accl- deilt; the son hurried, .unceremoniously Into the midst of, his enemies, and despite Crls- tlna's protests Insisted : on the Injured man being bl'Ought to -the nearest haven of rest, 'bllver hardly appeared to see either John Morrow or Mrs. Leach, ds he gave his orders collectedly. ' Not until ' Crlstlna hissed In his ear: "It Is1 my wish Sir. William should be taken to th'q. Hall," did lip show by word or look he. had observed hey presence. Replying that owltig to his' father's condition It was Impossible to fall In with her wisiiea ne dis missed the subject. "YOu want to take him from me," she con tinued in si breathless'undertone; "to sapar- ate a dying man. from IiIb promised wife." But - Oliver, dls'tibused her of this fact, and suffered her to follow Sir William to the bun galow. She had never been allowed to enter the mysterious1 precincts of Oliver's abode before. '.She had asked him to show her the bungalow the day after her arrival; but he made ex cuses, declaring it was only a workshop, and sacred to labour. More than once curiosity had led her to his threshold before the quar rel, but the windows wore chiefly of stained glass to baffle .eager eyes, while slcy-llghts admitted Ihe .sun. The bedroom, which ho gladly surrendered to' the invalid. Was luxuriously turnlshcd, and there was also an 'air of comfort about the slt- king-room in which Ethel Thursby had first met Oliver. The rest of the building was shut away, the laboratory being kept strictly un der lock and key. ' - .. . "It's beastly awkward getting ourselves mixed up., with this cove aga|n!" said John Morroiv, fiercely; "and you've only yourself to thank for It, Crlstlna. Should the old boy die you will have lost your title through your fool's play." "Yhu might have stopped him following me,'! retorted Crlstlna. "How could I guess he could do anything so ridiculous? Of course I v.aa looking out for rabblt-lioles all the- way. Are there no rabbits lu Australia? The worst of It Is if we lofie - him after all Oliver will crow." "Trust,me to make hlip crow tq a different tundTltoiddotorfi shy it is still possible for Sir- William to recover, though his Injuries are uncommon bid." , "Oh!- If there's a loophole they will always glyo hopP.'Donlt you ltno\t that much of the ' profession?' But I read their faces and saw .what they, fenj/ed. Oliver 'thinks with them, f«hd X lialf .believe he Is glad." . -v JlOn, th(f theory that' death. 16 better than llfo— ivlth Crlstlna. I wonder how It was he twigged you?" "Oliver . Ashford is no' ordinary man," she answered. "I felt that the first moment I set eye'i; on hlrn'.'Por tliis f-eason' If he Had' cared I might. But what Is tlie good of thinking or talkl/ig?.Hero we are under his roof, 'cooped up In the same house with our deadliest foe, waiting to hear1' from minute to minute If the change has 'come— for better— for .worse," "Why are you not In .Sir William's room?" "His son is there. If the whole of Compton Hall were not big enough to hold us two, how should ons room?" "But Sir William may wake and want. you. I - bet my last dollar young Ollvor would not be the one lo call you If he did. Assert your position; keep on the top rail; don't be put down now whatever happens." John Morrow's words stirred Crlstina. She hud been sealed languidly in a chair, crushed by the memory of her past rashness, consum ed by self-blame. Now she rose, taking fresh courage to face out an awkward situation. ; "All right," she said, moving to the door. . :On tlptoo she crept to Sir William's dark ened room and peered' in. Oliver was seated by the bed, watching the still figure under the coverlet. Ho did riot sc-e Crlstina' till, site suddenly ap peared opposite film, like a ghost hi the gloom. They stared at. each other In dead silence, then Oliver pointed to a vacant chair.', Crls tina took It, arid so they sat, with only , tlie ticking of the clock and Sir William's uneven 'breathing to break the painful silence. . s. Ollvor never .looked once on the . beauty of Crlstina's profile, he kept his eyes- fixed upon his father, noting each change, and experienc ing acute anxiety. Though well atyure of. Sir William's follies, he was fond of the old man .who had driven lilrn from Ills home. .He re membered none of .the harsh words and bitter reproofs, and a great tenderness... lH'ed 'his heart. Presently Sir William .stirred and put up his liaiid to the bandages across his fore head. Then-he opened his eyes with a little groan. . : - i Crlstlna bent forward, eager to catch his look and bring herself to his mind before lie saw lilsison,..The old man smiled, and an ex pression of supreme1 Joy passed over Ills fa'c-s us liq gazed upon Crlstlna., . . . "Emily," lie gasped, "Emily, I knew you would come bacl5. lt was not for eVer, Emily." ' His fingers closed over Crlstina's cool hand, he drew a deep sigh. "Why does I10 call me Emily?" she asked in a whisper, looking at Oliver for lnforriia- tion. "His mind is wandering,'.' replied his son, with a set face. "He thinks you are my Wother"— Crlstina winced. She was annoyed at being forgotten; Jealous of the thoughts which waridered back and put her In the shade. The deslro of Crlstina's lite wns to be first, and lo! a phantom had edged, her out, obliterated her from Sir William's mind. "Dearest," the slclc man whispered, "they told me you were dead. Ah! I knew it wasn't true. I Wnnted you— I never cared for those others— you ivere first always— always— be lieve me! And now you uriderstand— you for give, Emily. Call me Willie once again. No 011 e> over called mo Willie but you. I laughed a-t the name, didn't I? It "sounded -so young! Now I want to hear it from your own dear llp3." He waited expectantly. Oliver hoped desperately she would . not- comply with the request; he could not bear, that she should Impersonate .his dead mother. It seomed sacrilege 1 Crlstlna guessed iis much, rind laying her soft clieek against Sir Wil- . Ham's murmured, "Willie," In her low, musical voice. , , The poor maimed hody. quivered with tre mulous Joy. He stretched out IiIb other hand to Ollvor, recognising him suddenly. "And here Is. our boy, Emily. You are both beside me now, Emily and. Oliver. Somehow I' fancied -Oliver .had. gone away too; , though I cannot think why that , should be. three t'ogelher — you and I, dear, with the boy— can be happy — so happy 1" . . - The words maddened Crlstlna. She could no longer eontroi herself. Flinging her arms round Sir William with a cry, she raised him tills his lips, touched hers— glad that Oliver should witness the embrace. "It is Crlstlna," she urged, forcing her in dividuality upon him, "Crlstina— your, future wife. Don't you remember me, William?" I was riding on Whirlwind; don't you remember Crlstlna?" She stared into his eyes, willing him with all the power at her command. "Crlstlna! " she was saying In her mind. "Come back vto the present; of course you know Crlstlna." And the woman's influence prevailed. She forced back the wandering Intellect, till gradu ally Sir William recollected her face,. The re cent facts returned, ho s'eemed-to awake sud denly as from a dream,.. "My own Crlstlna!" lie cried, using nil his falling strength to bring out the name. "You are safe, dear, riot hurt at iall?" She was wearing, her riding habit still, which brought the . scene vividly back to his mind. . ... - ' ."Yes, I am safe, hut you are hurl, and In- ijatri." ' ..... "It Is happiness: to suffer for you, adored one. Nothing matters if all Is well with my beautiful Crlstlna!' As he purred out the words his eye fell upon Oliver. "What are you doing here,- you young blackguard?" he staminered, breathing hard. "How d'aro you coriie Into my house? Get out of it this Instant! Crlstlna, my love, he Is not here with rtiy sanbtloh, I assure you. Oh, be lieve me, I would not have you annoyed for ten thtmsand worlds." 1 Before Oliver hail time to move , away Sir "Wi'Ilnm turned with fist upraised as if to strike.. He hit out wildly, into the air, 'with a curse .for .Oliver on his livid lips, then (ell bndk scnselosB upon the pillows. A strange arid horrible soutld came in his throat, and in a flash thg man and woman beside him knew he would never speak again. CHAPTER XV.-lN THE ENEMY'S CAMP. John Morrow anil Crlstlna Leach had left the bungalow and returned to the Hall direct- ly Sir William's eyes were closed for the last time.. .. . "It's been a bad piece of luck!" John Mor row said; "but It can't be helped, and, after all, ive've not come here for nothing. It would have given ub a wonderful lift in our business to have had you Lady Ashford; still, your en gagement wns public property, and we've got I11 with all the swells round these parts on the slreuglh of It. Sir 'William's money wasn't what we wanted, but his position and this plpce. I see a way of turning Compton Hull Into a perfect little gold mine." They were seated In the Onk Room, former ly Inhabited by Lady Ashford. Crlstlna' had taken a great fancy the room when first she discovered Oliver there on the night of her arrival. After the quarrel she had decided to favour this apartment in tlie hope It irilght reach ills oars, with the same kind Intention that made her choose to ride his horse. Sh- was seated In a low chair. reBting her eyeB on the harmony of the surroundings. No glaring' colours offended her vlBlon, yet the sombre impression produced by old oak was relieved with masses of ferns and flowers; disposed artistically In every available spot, giving an nlr of coolness. On one hand stood the grand piano, over which Lady Ashford's fingers had frequently strayed; a. piano the outer case of which was a marvel of Inlaid mothcr-of-pearl and ebony. Wherever the eye rested It fell on some gem. Standing out from among the ferns a bronze Hercules victori ously crushed his struggling bull, while here -and there a valuable piece of Sevres showed that Lady Ashford was a Judge of china. -As John Morrow and CrlBtina lapsed into silence the door was pushed noiselessly open. Someone surveyed them from the far end of the room. Mrs. Leach, with all her muscles re laxed, lying back In an attitude of abandon, looked almost appalling in her beauty, for It ssemcd to Iho nmh who had Just entered an the beauty of an unholy simulacrum, rather than a being of God's creation. Oliver advanced. By what right had these Intruders established themselves In hjs mother's room ? Did he not recollect clearly telling Mrs. Lc-ach It was an apartment sacred to memory?' Crlstlna did not rise upon. seeing liirri; she only shrugged her shoulders arid moved liei supple limbs under the Intricate draperies of a Parisian toilette. Her gown seomed to con sist of somo silken fabric of deepest, black, white clusters of black laco, here arid there displayed gleaming Jot ornaments. With her fair akin nnd golden hnlr the made a picture ' to Bond an artist crazy. "You here!" said John Morrow, drawing up his jjortl figure, and growing even redder In, "Yo/>," retorted Oliver, with chilling polite ness, "I am here. 1 have leturried to take up- my residence, at the Hall. I hope, therefore.: you will -oblige, me by leaving u.t an early date. Pray excuse my seeming lnhospltallty,' but you must know well that after what has happened It Is Impossible " "To stow the lot ot us tinder the one rbof," concluded John Morrow, breaking In upon, Oliver's sentence. "Quite so, young man, you're right there. But" (with an Insolent toss ot his chin) "don't It strike you we look pretty much like being at home here? Nice cosy room this, furnished with taste. I've regularly cot toned 011 to this room. Crlstlna and I don't feel Inclined to sit anywhere else." "I really cannot follow tlie gist of your, re marks. I did not come here to. ask your opin ion of my i-'oom, 'but to find out liow soon -you can conveniently leave." :-, n..- "Ohj you'd turn us'oiit, would you? Nice and free-handed for a new baronet. You'll bq a benefit to the neighbourhood. -you will! So much so that It seems quite hard oh the gen try round to rob them of such a-fine specimen- Liberal country gentlemen can be Ill-spared these times. Still there Is one, let me tell, you —John Morrow— who's got a full purse, and plenty to spare. He. don't like to see his girl disappointed; arid she' took a faiidy to this place from the first. So suppose, young ninn, you should find the hoot is. on the other foot, and It's- for mo to say 'get out!' " " "Mr. Morrow, this Is carrylng' thltigs a, little too far! I don't know what .vou mean, arid I can only conclude you have been drinking." -lie looked towards Crlstlna for some expla- uutlon, but she made no sign, only the comers 0; her mouth curved In a slight sneer. . Oh! It's drinking I've been!" continued Morrow, keeping up his bantering torib. You d like to have it all your own way I've no doubt. Wouldn't It Just suit your bo'ok-to seb me bundle straight off, .bag and..-, baggage; SiW-80 triieh as looking up my trains? well, it Is this , way,. y.ou have given. ine.notlce. to quit,'- and I've snapped my fingers 'lri -yoiir .faocr'flne . gentleman. The game's up ;for you, and It s just beginning for mo. Yofl'vq , hated . .us,, though before our eyes you, tried to keep civil ,1'or the sake of appearances, till one day you took out to slander my daughter, behind her-back, and spoil her chances with- Sir W11-' nam. .But I10 knew better— bless ..-him;, ' and since ho wished to make. her. his wife, though, now she can never be. Lady Ashford, at '.least we'll stick to the Hall. What's that you.say?.1 Compton Hall belongs to you? Bah!. 'It's no more yours thari-these clothes- 1 am;wearlng. Do ynu moan to tell me your father never talked to you pf. his affairs? 'Welly I always' voted him a curiosity. I suppose he couldn't . bring himself to open a painful subject; he feared -you'd be so Jolly riled to find the state he. was In: Oliver Ashford; I've, heard;, always Pys his debts; hrit what about the old 'un? Well, If sir -William couldn't bring, himself to give you the truth he has left an .uncommon pleasant task to John Morrow. It is without one scrap pf commiseration for you, who have never considered us, that I break the bomb shell. Sir,. .William's affairs' being yery ririich involved (for we had to talk of Tjrasri when he got engaged to my girl), I came'-to a-'ilttle ar rangement with hiin. It now merely remains for me to tell you that I hold a mortgage on. the property for more, than the whole of the place ' Is worth. So you can put tliqt In your v'/jo unu. BinoKe it. jars. Beach and myself, finding Compton Hall, arid especially 'this room, comfortable enough, decide tp take up our abode here. You have no optlori'but to ac cept the situation, and I give you .orie month from to-day to turn out,. Ab a matter of fact, It suits. us to go to town to- morrow. My, daughter needs a change of scene; for the- shock of .Sir "William's death has affected her nerves. Not but what she'll soon Be better; it isn't like losing a husband,, and she can gfet plenty more lovers." Ollvor stood as if stunned. He could hardly believe his cars! His face went white .as , death,, not from the mere loss of .money, -but for a desperate love of the old home; In which he had pictured Ethel reigning as queen!" Crlstlna watched every change .In his e/x-: presslon. What self-command the man had at his control, and with what -spirit he was using it now! Not once through John Morrow's per oration did he give that gentleman the satis faction of seeing him lose his temper. She guessed all that he. w?as. suffering; she knew with a, woman's instinct that his thoughts had flown Involuntarily to Ethel Thursby. He had probably stood over his dying father with such different ideas about the future, -doubtless saying It was as well Sir William should pass away before he fell into Crlstina's clutches, and that , now these objectionable -people would be out of the light he arid Ethel miglit. enter their, aricestral hall unhampered by a care! Instead— true to lieb name— Crls-" tinn Leach was sticking on, enjoying his' mother's oak-pannelled sanctum — even the possessor of his mother's portrait, which seemed to look down with sorrowful eyes from Its mnssive frame. Truly this was a moment of triumph. The furies must laugh with glee to see virtue foil ed and vice- victorious. ; "You hardly believe what my father has told you;", murmured Crlstina, "but, indeed It Is true, for Mr. Morrow Is not given 'to roman-' olng, I really took a great fancy ;t'o Coiripton Hall from the first; and it Is a little habit of mine to always get what I want."' She, fancied as she spoke that rings of purple' sadness be came visible under his eyes. They ha'd been there before from hard work and worry, bat she failed to remark them until -hoW. -Barely his cheeks were more sunken th'an when he had first entered the room to question them on the subject of departure. It was a crlBls In his life, and . he felt singu larly alohe. If it had not been for Ethel he could, have turned away to eat out h'ls heart In seclusion, an exile from friends and society, a devotee to . his beloved worl?, But with her life In his keeping he must brave trip worst, and, do all lri his power to win back the home which for generations past had sheltered only the Ashford name. ' ; "I must see lriy lawyers," he said, in a voice which sounded strangely unlike his own. "Ah! You want black and white to eonvfnee you," laughed John Morrow. "Quite right. These nobodle3 from Australia are probably liars, as well as adventurers and' adventu resses. But It would be a pretty poor jdlie for mo if I had to eat humble pie directly you looked Into maters. You'll have to 'give up the whole show, bungalow and all. 'We'll turn that Into a bijou zoological garden for riion- Ue.vs and bears. Crlstlna has always had n fancy for a menagerie." .. Mrs. Loach expected to see Oliver flush with passion at , the insult thus implied. She had heard Sir William say, "The boy thinks more of his . den than the whole of Compton H-all put together!" Her eyes followed him as the eyes or the monster followed Frankenstein. The arrows were coming thick and fast to wound him, it was a moment of supreme Joy for Cristinn, Oliver smiled a cold, hard smile, which somewhat marred his handsome face, then he answered, still retaining the reserved, poliie voice he had- used from the first. ito be continued.) 