REMINISCENCES OF AI OLD SOUTH AUSTRALIAN SQUATTER. BY ROBERT BRUCE, COONDAHBO. CHAPTER XVII CONTINUED. Life on the pine flat (the surface of which resembled, in an exaggerated degree, a tea table covered with inverted caps and basins), WBB arcadian in its simplicity, end if we did not pipe on reede, we blew up the niggers for losing the Binall mobs of ewes and Iambs with which they were entrusted. Certainly, no amarous nymphs pelted DR with apples to court pursuit, while, even if they had, we shoold have been too busily encaged ID munching the fruit they threw—while running after the ewes and lambs—to pay further attention to Jliem. Yes I every moment of the short day wae fully occnied, especially when the flock was about " half through," for then we rose before the dawn, snatched mouthfulls of food whenever we had the chance, and " kept on the go" as old John bad it—" till it was time to turn in." The following is the programme of a day's work at the pine hut:—Rising before dawn, we made up the fire, and then while the kettle WBB boiling, 6aw, or rather felt, that all the marked lambs were well suckled (the said lambs being those which no ewes would own) and which, consequently, were each penned with a ewe that had declined the duties of maternity, every pair being marked with corresponding paint brands, eo that they might be shepherded during the dsy and then returned to durance with their particular foster children in the evening, that is if they still continued to repudiate them ; while, on the contrary, if they bad be*n deluded ioto the idea that the Iambs were thi-ir own and, consequently, attended to them mothers should ; they were passed into the nixt mob where a sharp eye was kept on them in case they w« ot back on the bargain, in which case they would be returned to the marked mob. A night or two in a pen with a Iamb was generally sufficient to make a ewe " take to it," while others wonld remain obdnrate for « week or to. When ewt-s had plenty of milk little trouble was experienced, while those nearly deficient of it might just as well have been turned out in the first instance. Many were the cunning devices adopted by shepherds to make ewes take to lambs they bad a great aversion for. One being to strip the skin from a dead lamb and put it on to a motherless one in order to deceive the bereaved parent, while a canny Scotch shepherd I knew, and who was a skilful motberer, simply hit a contumacious ewe on the nose with a stick and then robbed the foster Iamb in the blood which flowed from it. Well, that old gentleman has long since departed to another fold, in which I hope the place where his spiritual nose ought to be is not laboring under the delusion that it is the recipient of perpetual whacks. The marked laml B having been attended to we breakfasted in baste, and by the time we had finished and fed the blacks there would be sufficient light to get the big mob of eweB, with the older lambs, away to feed and leave them in charge of a native and his lubra. Next, in a similar manner, we wonld dispose of the second lot, and then came the drafting of the dropping flock, which was a job requiring no little skill and patience. To make matters plain I had better say that in order to reach the yard they occupied during the night, the ewes—yet to lamb—had to pass through a smaller one furnished with pens on either side, and which WBB called the mothering yard. This yard was a great convenience as it not only saved much time, but also obviated the necessity for rounding up (on the outside) of drafted ewes in order to get mothers which had eluded the shepherd's vigilance, as was too often the case before the mothering yard was thought of. Oar mode of proceedure was as follows —A black being stationed near to keep the bead of the flock back till all the sheep were run through, the gates would be opened, I being stationed at the outer one, while old John stood back a little from the inner so as to allow the sheep to draw past him, at the same time keeping a sharp eye on those going through his gate to see that no mother slipped out with or without a Iamb, and also keeping such back if possible. Of courBe mothers did get as far as the outside yard when, at a signal from John, I used to close my gate and then, while he kept his, I caught the wonld-be escapees and relegated them to thepenB when, the gates being again opened, 1 the sheep drew out as before till nothing save lambless mothers and motherless lambs. would be left in the yard. I need scarcely say that the man drafting bad to be very quiet and steady . in his movements, for a bit of windmill j business on bis part would have hopelessly ! mixed op the sheep, separated good ! mothers from th<ir lambs, and generally, as old John would have tersely expressed himoelf, " played U—U." The drafting of the dropping flock having bej-n completed, John wonld take the remaining portion of it to feed, perhaps, n couple of miles away from the yaH, leaving me to finish the morning's business, by first getting rid of the weak lamb mob and then the marked one. After that I bad to mother tbe last night's drop, tbat is work out five or six good mothers,.with llieir lamfcp, at a time into tbe mothering yard, and seep them in it til] the ewes assured themselves that they bad the right ones, when they would be permitted to take them out to feed, for, unless this was done, directly a ewe lost sight of her lamb for_a moment, back she woald tusb into the big yard to where Bbe had bad it during the night, and give no end of trouble, while, most likely, the cause of her solicitude would be fast asleep under a bush. If there happened to be fifty or sixty ewes with green lambs in the dropping yaid, I often had a lot to do before I could get the bulk of tbem suited with lambs and induce them to take them outside, while those that had made up their minds not to be further bothered with their stupid little offspring, I just bundled them into the mothering yard where, pairing them as I could with spare Jambs, I branded tbtm in couples, and consigned them to the mothering penB. The taBks described above took longer to do than tbe uninitiated would suppose, and by the tiuie tbey were completed, the sun would be sailing high in the heavens. After drinking a pannikio of cold tea, I used to make a round of inspection amongst tbe various mobs of ewes and lambs, to see that they were at safe distances from each other, while I also looked out for any ewe with milt, not provided with a Iamb, BO as to make a search for her wbeo the mob to which she belonged should be yarded. On my return to the but, I would put on some more salt junk to boil, or make a cartwheel damper, in order to meet the requirements of our mixed population. It is almost needless to say tbat a damper was almost a fullbrother to a pot- walloper, in fact only differing from the latter in that it attained perfection through the medium of a hot ash heap, while tbe latter owed its 1 usoiousness to boiling water. A damper— baked to perfection-might afford the acme of gastronomical delight to a Lucnllu8, if tbe latter chanced to have been witboot food for four or five days, for the Bigg«r« liked it and it also agreed witb q*. As my reader is doubtless aware, charcoal whin finely powdered, is an excellent remtdy for dyspepsia. Therefore our digestion should have been of the sharpest for I and John often consumed it in lumps, especially when we eat our unleavened bread by a bad light. After hastily partaking of a cold eolation, froui which tbe betf was usually omitted, I would take another turn auioDgBt my shepherds for about that time they were very likely to be wrapped in the arms of Morpheus; or, ardent votaries as they were of the chaste Diena away rat hunting. Then 1 would return the " marked brigade," to the yard and tie up, in thoir peas, those ewes tbat etill remained obstinate ami leave the balance in the body of the small enclosure probation. Then came the turn of the weak mob, which had to be well looked through, in order to ascertain if ail the lambs were wail mothered. By that time John would turn up with his flock and yard it, having left the day's increase out on the run, to be returned for after he had disposed of a quart of tea. Then, by the time I had got the big and second mobs of ewes and lambs in for the nixht and fed their shepherds and shepherdtsses it would be far back in the gloaming, and John, with a dusky assistant, would have arrived with the green Iambs and their mothers ; that is, if Foituno had 6iuiled on John's efforts. But if not—well, I had to just start out, and by dint of cooesing, discover the laggards and give a hand at Iamb-brushing and mild profanity—for if a wee little d n could be wrung from a much exasperated mortal, that was the time for its extrusion. Fancy yourself, my dear reader, out amongst a fine regular crop of spinifex in the dark, when " Each particular spine does to pricking incline." Like a porcupine's quills when tlxanimal is fretful, and when, we will suppose, a score of ewes are fully determined to lose tbe same number of, a few hours old lambs, while the latter en equally resolved to escape notice, so as tc go to sleep comfortably behind a | orcn pine plant. Then to still further improv; matters, picture to yourself the major portion of those ovine matrons making a determined break back and hurrying to where their lambs bad been born say about a mile away, while you, gui<!ed by their distracted bleating, manage to find suddenly, tbe only dead bush in th neighborhood, or better still, hook one of your shins on a sharp stump, by whioh yon are induced to insanely endeavor to smash up all nature's furniture within three yards, in a straight line. Old John, who was lame in one leg—owing, I suppose, to the friendly offices of a man trap or a ppring-gtm, in bis old poaching days—could not run ; but then he wae a past master in curiously expressive phraBe ology, and did bis best. Consequently, as all earthly amusement must come to an end sometime, we generally arrived home and went to bed. A couple of months at the Pine Hut put me into an excellent state of training, for by tbe end of that time I should have had a good show with London barriers, ot could have given a Zulu all his work to catch me, and just before I left I did about the fastest two miles I ever ran. One morning I saw a big mob lamb, about seven weeks old, which had by soou means been separated fiom it's com paniocs. Fearing it would be lost, I took after it and a pretty dance it led me. That lamb was a Goo little chap, strong, bnt not too fat and it went for all it was worth. But I, being determine 1 to catch it, crowded all sail in cheso, and with such a flyer to make the pace, I did travel, and ran the little rascal down within about a couple of miles of a mob of ewes and lambs which was shepherded by Nanto Jarky'e Mary Ann, for the fugitive had run in circles. I am sure I did the two miles, over rough ground, in under ten minutes, but when I finally fell on that lamb 1 was under the impression tbat I had contracted a chronic pain the side, which was acut<into the bargain. How Mary Ann did laugh and then, without a pause, howled, when I so sadly forgot myself as to give her a box in tbe ear. I don't think the fair creature, who on ordinary occasions would come up smiling after receiving a thump on the nob from the yam stick of a friend that might have laid out a chopping block, was hurt, but then she was a woman and saw her opportunity, so would have continued her music till the crack of doom bad I not presented her with a blue shirt and half a pound of tobacco, then she smiled like a summer's sunbeam through a passing shower and all wan peace. Since tbe above little incident occurred no provocation has been powerful enough to persuade me into applying corporeal admonition to a nigger, except when on one occasion, years afterwsrds, I caught a black boy just as he dismounted from one of my cart borers, with which he bad roused the echoes of the stilly night in distant places and, in too burned a manner, I warmed him ! Old John D—, who has long since departed to the lauds of spiritB, was, as I have said before, a very decent fellow, and, certainly, the lessons I learnt from him at the Pine Hut were of great service to me in after years. It wae well known that John was an old convict, although he himself was very reticent on the subject, but I feel certain, however, that h had been " sent out" for some offence, which in tbe present day might have brought him a month or two's imprisonment at the outside. To JOHN D—. John D— my Vandemonian, A decent chap were you, For though not quite Johnsonian, Your words were rarely blue, And if across tbe sad sea foam They sent you free of charge, Wby, lots of greater rogues at home Were left to run at large. Fes John, although a Ieary bloke, . And doubtless up to snuff, "iou were a chip of Briish oak, A tough o'd 'bit of stuff, For emus gizzard you had got, Though gamev legged were spry, I think, in dumplings from your pot, And sighing say good-bye. Friend John you've gone without a swag, To seek the mystic bourne, And as on earth you were a lag, Where, where, do you 6ojoum 1 cannot have you up on high Nor, somehow, down below, So rather fancy you must tiy Between the two you know. Now, " so long " -iohn and may you be A comfortable ghost, And not for all eternity Have someone for a host. (To be continued.J When a woman gets a letter 6he carrie 8 it in ber band, but a couple of pounds sausage she manages to squeeBe into he r pocket. Awkward for Little Tommy.—"Little Tommy didn't disobey mamma, and go in swimming, did he?"—"No, mamma. Jimmy Brown and the rest of the boys went in ; but I remembered, and would not disobey you."—"And Tommy never tells lies, does be?"—"No, mamma : or I couldn't go to heaven."—" Then how does Tommy happen to have on Jimmy Brown's Bhirt ?" 