SIR ARTHUR SULLIVAN REBUKED. Tho following good Btory is told of Sir Arthur Sullivan. Somo timo ago, when a change in the cast of ono of his operas had been made, Sir Arthur, who happened to ho dining at. tho Savoy Hotel, slipped away for a fow minutes from tho table, and went into tho theatro to the upper circle, there to hoar and judge for himself as to the capabilities of the new artiste. As the play proceeded, and a favourite seoro in the opera was taken tho talented composer unconsciously com menced to hum the refrain aa he desired it to be rendored. ThiB considerably i nnoyed his next door neighbour, who abruptly re marked, ' Excuso mo, sir, if I mention tho fact that I have paid my money to hear Sir Arthur Sullivun's charming opera aa givon liy tho company, and not your confounded humming.' — Sir Arthur returned to his din ner and related the incidont with great -' I ? ' Nastasie, how many times must I tell you not to look at men ?.' ' But, mamma, thoy alwayB look first.' V Sho (coming up suddenly) : Where did that wave go ? Ho (coughing and strangling) : I swallowed it. v. As Boon aa a man is oomf ortably settled at reading on Sunday, his wife finds out thut ho is occupying the corner that she has not swopt. *** Fond Mamma : Bobby, Bobby, whatever makes you so restless ? Bobby : Having to keep still bo much, I suppose. ' What is your profession ?' ' I write — poems, novols, romances, plays etc.' ' And what do you live on ?' v - She : Our minister docB not jump at con clusions. Ho : I Bhould say not. . I nevor know him to reach a conclusion in less than an hour. *** Mrs. Slendnrbuild (ilattored) : Why, my littlo man, do you think I could tell you a good ghost story ? Boy : Because you look so much like a skeleton. Sawdust is turned into tn ns.jortable fuel in Germany by a very simple process. It is heated under high steam pressuro until tho resinous ingredients become sticky, when it is pressed into bricks. Ono man, with a two horse power machine, can turn out9,0C0 bricks a day. 