CURING A KLEPTOMANIAC. Tiiiiek years ago it was, and yet I can . sco mysolf standing at the lodge- gate of tho big honso, that lovoly evening in . July, and that cab como rattling up tho quiet road. It stoppod ; out jumped a real gentleman, looking white and worried. he Bays, quick liko. ' Oh, I didn't want ' to see Mr. Waring. I've called about an : advertisomont for a nursochild or an invalid, Box So-and-so, 'Tho Surrey Herald ' ; and tho newspaper pcoplo re ferred mo to a John Babbiuk, at tho lodge hero. Oh, it's you, is it 1' Just who it was, and perhaps I half gasped. So Mollio, my missis, had gone ' and stuck that advertisement in after nil, though I'd said 'No' all along. D'ye see? Our own adopted kiddio lind taken and diod just as wo'd got to lovn it so. ' and Mollio, she doted on work, and wnntcd to inako a little oxtra money be sides. Well,' I says, cautious, I dunno, sir 1 . You see, things hero are all topsy juBt \- now, and likely to be. The fovcr's run wild all over tho plnco, and Mr. IVnring's carted tho family down to Jorsey in a fright and scurry. Only two o' tho servants would stay behind, and it's como to this — lie's sanding his orders to my missis, and sho's scoing to tho houso till something can bo arranged. Still, I dunno — I wouldn't say — is it a baby, or nnything o' tliatl' 1 Bless me, no t Babbiek, look here,' he says, husky, but tlint nico. 'We'ro in sad trouble over a young lady, I can't givo you names yet. Tho moment wo saw your advertisomont, it seemed liko a godsond. . Ho quiet and pleasant here, tho ideal place for n cure. Tho truth is, Babbiek ' — ho whispors it, staring round, sho's a confirmed kleptomaniac 1' Lor' you don't say it I' I gasps, my blood all prickly — I couldn't properly toll why, I'd novcr heard tho word that I know ; but that ' mnninc ' bit — well, in my mind's oyo I could sen her comin' at liio with gngglo eyes, hands a-claw, and that nasty ' Ha, ha 1' as tlioy mostly tnko to. 1 No, I don't think we could manage anything o' that sort here,' I says. 'Easily! Why not 1' ho says, nigh nlon rli n r» i Tro Imr nlivtvnv V.ftfu to nothing, mm could help with the light work. No uno nocd know nnything; ihoro, right away from tho shops and ' temptations, slio would soon master tho wretched impulses. You soo our posi tion, Bnbbick I There's only this, I ought to tell you ; she is npt to wander a little in her sleep, with tho same lament able motive ; but you could bo on your guard, nnd tell her of it next day. There, try her for a month ; and we're perfectly willing to pay yon £2 a week.' 'Ah J' Two shining quids a week I I'd havo bossed a madhouso full of 'em for that, 'Hero, you tnko n seat and lltiisa n Isi SIM I t an tfn ntl 1 / 1 nnrl rt h' T nittk Ik UIU, Oil, A OlkJ'O, Uil (It/If j ClltU Ull A scurried to tlio Imiiso to find tho missis. Five minutes later rao and Mollio was tearing hack like mad. Well, there, insido half an hour wo'd settled it all. Wo'd inanago her. Wo could let out that she was a young rela tion party from town ; and it seemed something uinrvollous that the Houso family might keep away till autumn, and no visitors coming near the place. Fover I Sho'd had that twice, ho said — and another touch, como to thnt, might put put her brain right. Ho was fair besido hissnlf with hopos ; and, what was bettor, planked down for a solid week in ad vance. Miss Carrie, tho young lady, was perfectly willing so long as no one preached at her, and he'd bring her down next overling. 1 You've dono it now,' I says to Mollio. ' If anything gies wrong, don't lay it on hie. Now,' I says, curefuli y fetching down our old Webster, wo'iljust niako sure of tho moaning of that there word an onr;c. Jsr — wuy, wouc was jt i Mnniao — maniac — d'ye mean to say ynu'vo been and forgot it V Blowcd if shn hadn't. Thore wo stood liko fools, till all of a suddon Mollio smacks her bands together. ' Er — or — cryptomaniiw.' I ' Of course 1 now, then, before it slips 1 you again. Crypto— crypto — all, licrol we arc. Now that's rummy I . . Ob, lor"! Why, of course, can't you sccT I gasps, next minute. 'It's about tombs nnu vaults ana inings, plain as your nose — slio goes tooting about among tombs nnd such, in her sleep as well 1 You've done it.' 1 llubbidgo," she says, with a mouth liko a coul-skuttle, nil the same. ' Sho'll soon get sick of tlmt.' ' You don't know,' I says. ' Tlicin cryptomaniacH aro a queer lot. You heard what ho said. Well, you'll hnvo I to put her in our bedroom, and we'll Nlocp down hero ; and nil you'vo got to do if nvcr you hear anything, is to got up mid go nftcr liar, nnd soo don't take any harm.' That was all. Somohow, I kept droam- ing about them tombs and things all the blessed night ; nnd next day, you might say, we wont aliout in a sort of shivory- slmko— right up to the minuto when, just after dark, tho cab eamo along again, and ho was handing down tho young party herself. Tt was a fair relief, as nice and natty a young lady as you could wish, only n bit pule. I fairly liked her on the spot. Hucli a sweet, pretty placo ; sho said she was suro tho ehango would do lior a world of good. Sho clung to tho gentleman a bit, her nnclo, or somothing, wo reckoned, nnd begged him to como and seo her soon. ' Ay, and welcomo,' I says. Ho slipped a shilling into my hand — and there it was, all over as simplo as clockwork. ' Well, if that's a piptyinaniac,' Mollio was whispering to me, 'I'd liko Imlf-a- dozen of 'cm all tho year round.' She'd linen and forgotten tho word again, just lilcn a woman. Well, wo both went to lied that night in our clothes, for a lead off; and wo didn't get ovor muoh sleep for listening, it's truo. But nothing happened at all, and tho bit of tape wo tied along the stairs hadn't been touched como morning Down comes tho young party to breakfast, as nice as could bo, only bIio woulu't say too much about hnrsolf. Then up wulkod tho post mail with a lottcr from Mr. Waring. I io was at his wits' end, so it said. Ho shouldn't como nenr yot, for fear of tho children, hut ho was sending a house keeper and tiro new servants down, nnd they'd iimvojUP>oon as tho houso could bo fumigated, or something of that. In tho hienntirao wo wero to shut up tho lodge and go nnd stay in tho house with tho other two sorvants, in case of a firo or anything. Here was n go. Thero was nothing for it but to show her tho lottor and ask if sho'd mind. Mind Not a bit ; rIio could holp with tho dusting and what not — it would bo a novolty for her all round. Sho was nice 1 So up to tho houso wo carted her two boxes, and arranged for her to sleep in tho housekeeper's room with Mollio, while I had the noxt. Tho other sorvants took her for a niece, and everything was as right as ninopencc. Lor', it was tho calm bofore a pretty Htorm, it was. Wo hadn't got our two a wcok for nothing ; everything seemed nice and smooth, but there was a bit sticking out somowhero — and soon wo know it I It was on the third night— yos, about two in the morning. Fast asleep and dreaming away, I was, when I folt soineono bustling mo to rights. Up I sprang, nnd thero was Mollie's foco that white, and her candle bobbing liko any thing. ' Got up, John, quick I' sho whispered. ' Gov up, I toll you ; she's gone after the tombstones, or something ; I couldn't go after her for worlds. Oh, dear 1 I happened to rouse, and sho wasn't thero. Hcr: clothos are gone, too. Whatever yon do, don't frighten the girl 1 Quick 1' I'd slipped on my clothes in a dream like, nnd was out. I crept along tho passage and listened hard. Nover a sound anywhero. Halfway down the stairs thero I got — and then my knees started knocking, as I heard a faint clinking noiso somewhoro bolow thero. Supposing she'd gono groping down in tho cellnrs, taking them for mora vaults, and I was to pounce on lior of a suddon, mightn't sho tiling I wan a body como to life 1 Then at last I skipped back smart, ns I sco a candle-light away down tho drawing room corridor. It was her, quite dressed, but ghostly for alt that, coming nlnng with a pit, patter, pit 1 Now she'd turned into a side passage. I heard a key clinking — ami then I remember I'd stowed her boxes just there, ready in caso Mr. Waring dropped in, and I hail to shift 'cm quick. Another tomhl Woll, biiurci i>i uru wuou u u uuiuu iiuivu in mo, when presently I sees her step into tho hull, with somothing tucked under hor arm, and slip back the blessed bolts of tho big door. Yes, slio blow out the candle, left the door ajar, and out she went. ' Miss Carrie, there's no tombs out there,' was in my throat ; only, to tell the truth, I didn't care for her face to turn round at me with that fit on her. I slipped out too — why, wasn't it all dumped in with the £2 a week 1 Yes, there she was, scurrying down towards the lodge. But, that was to tha feoling that run down my spine when, as she tV KIJU gObCUtf A JJIMIIIJ IIU OkUlk in n queer voice. All my linir seemed to crinkle up ; tomb-hunting wasn't sufficient, sho must go whispering to spirits, -at that timo of night 1 And now, now sho'd satisfied hor poor, rummy hrnin and was hurrying back — without her bundle, though I never thought of thnt till afterwards. I was crouched back botween tlio trees till sho'd gone past. After hor I went ; is no tiino she'd got to tho Houso door again, nnd I just getiing my norvo to call and toil her sho really must not do it, when, well, thoro, a feather could have toppled mo over. For tho door clicked ; sho'd gono in — and left ino outside there, and, as Mollio novor had tho sense to guess nnd let mo in, thero I'd got to stick till dawn. Toll you, when morning did como, I'd begun to think that anxious gent knew just what ho was about when iio run tho figures up no high, and was that snvngo — especially when I found tluit Mollio had looked hsrsolf-in m y lUUUI Ullfl ll'U vllu gill Blip IHIUK Wl UUU without no much ns a word of warning. When, she came down to breakfast she looketl that palo and honvy- oyed, J couldn't got it out anyhow. Woll, two more days wont by. I'd got nnrtlv desnsrato. but somohow or other I'll, lost tho gift of sleeping properly ; and that's why it was, on tlio third night, it cnnio to my turn to wuko Mullio — who wouldn't sleep in the other room after tlm scare. iHore,' I whispci-s, ' aim's at it again, I T do believe 1' Look and soo ; I've bod I about enough of this tomb business. ... I YVVjisb, she's fast asleop, when I hoavd a | door creak down there, plnin as possible I' In a jiffy I was dressed and tip-tooing down them stairs. AH serene in the hall ; all nico nnd quiet in the drawing- roopi corridor. Still, I knew my own I down tlmt left-hand passage ; nnd blowed if thero won't a flicker of light coining from a doorway at tho cml thoro. That room — why, that would bo Mr. Waring'H private affair — his study — that ho'd loft locked I All ill n quiver, with tho queerest noises buzzing in my head, I edged along tho thick carpet, a shout ready in my throat, and peered in. Ain I over going to forgot it? It wasn't tlio girl, or a ghost ; it was a man. ... Mian iu ma kiiccs, wiui a lunieru anil a pilo of papers beside him, and his head struck into a big bureau nffair that ho'd forced open. We'd got a burglar I Got him? It was so. I'll novcr know what nrndo me do it, but I was tlmt niad and frightened together, I took one jump right across, jnrked him up, and sont him bashing against tho wall liko a ninopin. Once norved to it—' Now como on, mo beauty !' I whispers ; but ho novcr moved. His head was tlio softest, and ho lay clean stunned. A cap was pullod down over his oyos. I shoved it back with my foot— just ono look, I took nnd it sont mo staggoring bock in a pour of sweat. Next intnuto I was out at the hall- door — never Btopping to ask why I found it ajar —and flying down tho aronuo at something liko a speed. A police man 1 — and ono of the town inspectors lived at a cottage just down tho road. Ono big thud I gave at his door— ono Hliout as ho chucked up his window. Quito enough ; in no timo ho was out, and wo wcro panting back up tlio drive, 'i'hero, I'll Bwcar it wasn't nino minutes from whon I dented tho wall with that man's head to whon wo sprang it to gether, mo and tho inspector man ; and, our bird was gone. Gono ! ' You'vo boggled it now !' says tho inspector. 'Quick, What was ho like?' ' Liko 1' ' Why, it was him— the very man as brought that girl to us, and was paying us two a week foy Jior keep ? Just look I' A. ' , ; 'Oh, what's tho matter Miss Carrio, where is she' Then stood Mollis wringing her hands in tho doorway. 'John. I heard her run out, but ' I dared'n't stir a limp. Yon don't say ' ' Run out 1' I gasps. ' There, sho's gone too — the girl, the cryptoraaniac 1' Yes, it was all coming on mo vith a sweet rush now. ' Seo is t She's let him in tho house. It's a plot— she's no crypto- maniac ! Why, that bundle— didn't I see hor smugglo it out of tho houso nnd — her boxes !' Oat we rushed. Tho boxes wero there ; in a trice I'd got ono open, and — wall, I'll tako my onth there was a hnndrcd solid pounds' worth of trinkets and knick- knacks from different rooms packed into it. ' Lojk — look at that 1 You'vo done it. You've dono a fina thing, taking that girl off his hands, you have. Yo'll tako another cryptomnmaa in to cure, you will. You'll put more advertisements in without my knowing.' 'Er— what?' says the inspector man, flabbergasted. ' You — you don't mean kleptomaniac ?' Wo started. 'That's it I' wo both hubbled out. And, one against tho othor, in fivo minutes wo'd told him about all of it ; and tho way that man could stand and lnugh, at n minute liko that. ' You've cured her 1' ho says. 1 But that ain't it ; he's got away with some valuables ncre, I'll lay my life. A man and a girl — I'll havo 'em rooido twenty- four hours I' And ho did. And nico and warm wo folt when wo stood iu the police-court bosido Mr. Warning, and it all camo out : how a gang of swell thieves, they'd got to hoar just how things stood at tha Houso, and takon advantage of Mollie's advertisement to run through it and pack up all the valuables at their ease. Itcally clover, tho beak said. They got two years apiece, and Mr. Waring — but never mind tho rest. I reckon wo cured that disease of hers— and, it was worth the money. 