Comic CflttliigB. 'A' sensible gi'rl has no more use for a fresh young man. than for one that is stole. " I feel for you dooply," said tho hungry man, probing about in tbo soup-bowl for a stray oyster. " I like to hear a baby cry," said a crusty old bachelor. " Why 7" " Because then tbo ll'ttlo nuisance Is takon out of the' room." Sapsmlth (sontimentally) : " What Is sad der tban to have loved and lost 7" Heuuy- peofc (promptly) : " To" have loved and got her." Sho : " Is It true, darling, that you. gave toho minister £3 for marrying us 7" 'He : " Yes, but keep it to yourself. I was nevur so swindled in my life." "That dog certainly eoems almost human at itlmes," said old Mr. Fussy. "Yes," said Mrs. Fussy, " he growls over his food quito as much as you do." " When I vlsilt 'Blackpool in the slimmer I always pay a Visit to my old landlady." "Well, I suppose' It's only right that you should pay her something, old man." He : " What ? Is 'Mrs. Wedalot going to be led to the altar for itbe third time 7" She: " No. II should fancy not. Bhe ought to be atole to find tho way herseir toy this time." Mrs. Cumso : " Your husband dresses very quietly." LVIrs, 'Cawker : " Does he 7" "You ought .to hear htm when toe can't find his collar, or his sleeve-links became mislaid." Mr. Brown : " Good morning, Mr. Jones ; how's your wife 7" Mr. Jones (who was deaf aud didn't quite understand) : " Very blustering uud disagreeable again this morn ing." " Ai splendid stroke ! Did you follow the ball, caddie 7" "No, sir ; but 1 think that gentleman wlt'h the red coat can tell where it struck. I see htm a-rubbln' 'isself pretty much." Ikey : " Please, farder, give me a half penny for ice cream. I am so hot!" Father : "Ikey, meln shen, dot is a valst of money. I will tell you a fine ghost story dot will make your tolood run coid." Young Lady : " I can only be n sister to you — no more." Ho : " Thanks. That Is very good of you. Have you spoken to your mother of it yet ?" Young Lady : " Of llUUfc 111) HI j UUDJ/tiUU i "Do you realise, young man,"(isald the parson, " when you retire to rest a( night that you may toe culled before dawn?" " Why, of course I do," was the response. " I'm the father of a thrce-weeks-old baby." Mrs. Motherly : " Why is it, George, that you have never thought seriously of getting married?" Georgp : " rY<m misunderstand mo, Mrs. Motherly. I havo always thought of It so soriously that I am still a bachelor." Jackson : " How's your family ?" John son : "'Pretty well, ttonnk you !" " Any of your daughters married yet 7" " No ; and I can't understand why they don'.t go off. They use powder enough, goodness knows !" 'De Jones : " I henr your firm discharged you." Smyth; : " Ves ; but I wouldn't m.ni 1 tha't so much I'f 'they hadn't added Intuit to j injury." De Jones : '"H'ow so ?'" Sai'ythe : " They advertised for a boy to fill my piacc." 'Perfectly Serene : " Ever quarrel with your wife ?" " No." " Have any trouble with your servants 7" " No." Cnildren worry you 7" "No." " Grtat Caesar, mail! how's that 7" " Aiu't married ; live by my self." Enamoured Youth: " Your fatbor seems worried about somothing to-night." Sweet Girl : " Yes, poor pa has so many business PtiMB " T.ltiHn THi«nf ' 'Diol1 ien'f If He's mad because the big dog he bought didn't come." A young man who knows all about it states that his experience has taught' htm that a llirt Is a fool who delights in fooling girls, and the fool who is fooled by such a fool is the foolishest kind of a fool. He's been fooled badly. Pedestrian : " So you want work, do you 7 Woll, you can get it by going to that famory over thero. There is a placard on .the door saying thoro Is work for both sexes." Tramp: " Sorry, sir ; but tha't doiii help me. I be long only to one sex." " Goodness ! Wc shall miss tho first act," she said Impatiently. " We've been waiting a good many minutes for that mother of mine." " Hours, I should say," he replied somewhat acrimoniously. "Ours 7" cried she, rapturously. " Oh, George, this is so sudden !" Then she fell upon his neck. Mrs. Smith (thoughtfully): " I'm afraid I shall have to stop glvlug Bobby that tonic the doctor left him." Mr. Smith (anxious ly) : " Why, Isn't he any better 7" -Mrs. Smith : " Oh, yes I But he has slid down tbe banisters six times 'this morning, broken tbe ball- lamp, two vases, a jug, and a looking glass, and I don't feel as If I could stand much more." Captain Mahan, tbo first American Peace Commissioner to arrive In New York on his return from Tho Hague, was mot by the UOUU t.WWJ- U1 11HUI HORDID, DUt lUlBt Mahan stepped forward, and said to the re porters, "I think you might lot me -talk to the captain a little while now. I have not seen him for five or six months, and " Wonderful to relate, the American Pressmen at once withdrew. 