Music, and Drama. : Mr. Watkin Mills, the well known English basso, intends visiting Australia next yoar, and singing in the priuoipal cities' therein, and in New Zealand. It is reported in, a London paper that a resolution haB been adopted to spend £lo,000 in bringing the stage of Covent . Garden Theatre tip to the level of modem operatic requirements. A late London piroer says: "Miss Jennie Maynard, the well known Australian come dienne, who was ' starring ' in Clo Graves's merry comedy 'Nurse' at the .Coronet Theatre, played tbo' title role with much piquancy and ohatm." A violin by Antoulus Straduarius, dated 1694, with original label .and scroll, and silver-mounted bow, by Dodd, tho property of tho lute W. C. Sello. Mils. Doc., and pur chased by him 40 years ago from a private collection, realised £495 on July 16, at Sotheby's auction rooms, London. Tho Misses Beatrice, Muriel, and Bessie Griffiths guve their annual concert in tho Salle Erard on July 11 (says the "British Austral asian "), in tho presence of a largo and fashionable attendance. Tho youug execu tants were tho recipients of loud applause. They had the assistuueo, among others, of Miss Alice Estey. Mr. George Grossmith, the well known English entertainer, has recorded in his memoirs that on one occasion when he was asked to sing tho Lord Chancellor's patter song at Sir Arthur Sullivan's, he found him self uuahle to recall it, but Lord Hopetoun, who was one of the guests, quickly came to the rescue, and sang it ono bar ahead of tho carefully pursuiug comediau. It is questionable (says tho St. Jatnee's Budget) whether public opinion will waste very much sympathy with either Mr. Gilbert or Miss Janetto Steer in tboir dispute over the stage . management of "Pygmalion and Galatea." Mr. Gilbert was refused tbe injunction to atop the performance, and Miss Steer is permitted to get between Galatea and Pygmalion und repeat, ad infinitum, " Cyniaca, pity me." The " Theatre Gossip " soribe of the Sketch alludes to the fact that plays with tho word " silver " in their title are nlwuys lucky. Commenting upon (his tho Pelican 8Byn: "But is this so? I can think of two ' silver ' plays at least that were none too golden— The Silver Shield,' played at the Comedy, with poor Arthur Dacro and Amy Roselle in it, and 'The Silver Falls, ' at tho Adelphi, in which tho late Mr. Terris figured. Not only were these plays none too fortunate, but there were principal players lif each of them who came to strangely violent end." "Florodora," which the Williamson Opera Company is rehearsing for early production either in Sydney or iu Melbourne, is prov ing u highly successful musical comedy in England. Its 250th production at the Lyric Theatre, London, whs recently celebrated, and an English pupor announces, as tho authors, Mr. Owen Hull und Mr. Leslie Stuart, have done little more thau think of its successor, it will probably con tinue to ruu into the new year. The success of the piece in, however, not confined to London, because there aro now four com panies touriug England with it, and the first production in the United States was fixed to take placo in New York some time next month. Tho national anthem of tho Boers was writtou by an old lady who is at present living a peaceful obscure 'life iu Holland. This lady, Miss Catherine Felicia Van Roes, was born in Holland, at Zutphen, in 1831. She is uu excellent musician, and in her youth sho composed several operettas which were performed by tho Choral Society of Utrecht, fo 1875 Mr. Burgers, who had become Pre sident of the South Afrieau Republic, hogged her to write u national anthem for tho Trans vaal, and in a few hours the lady did so by writing both words and music. The burghers were so pleased with tho composition that tho Volksraad of Pretoria officially accepted the work, and sent Miss Van Reea a letter of thanks and congratulations. An amusing story comes from Chelten ham (England), well known as the homo of girls' schools. Accordiug to the Era , Mr. F. B. Benson was playing "Hamlet" thoro some little time since, and the theatre was filled to its utmost capacity with a number of the young ladies, who- were being elevated and amused ut one and the same time. Tho actor was just in tho middle of the ghost scene, the lights were lowered, and the oxoitement was intense. Suddenly a voice arose from tho siago box : " Mr. Ben son !" No answer. " Mr. Benson !" Still no answer. "Mr. Benson, would you mind having the lights raised ? The young ladies can't see to follow tboir copies !" J. L. Toole was once acting in the pro vinces, when ono of his company failed to como in answer to his cue. Amazed at his non- appearance, Toolo commenced to gag, und then repeated tho last line of tbe original script with great emphasis. Still no actor , so turning to the house, ho remarked, coolly : " As my friond T— does not seem in tho slightest wuy anxious to turn up, I will, with your kind permission, sit down and rest awhile. " . Then, amidst the roar of langliior which followed the spccob, Toolo calmly took a chair and seated himself. A second later the tardy aotor dashed on to the stage, taking up tho cue, now long gone by, with the words: "I was detained " "Thou sayest not so," re marked Toole,, gravely, rising. "I should never have thought it. Well, since you are here, we'll continue." Australians in London aro eagerly looking forward to the appearance, at Steiuway Hall, (says " M.A.P."), of another compatriot, who bids fair to follow triumphantly in the wake of Melba, Miss Ada Crossley, aud tho .rest of the largo detachment of sweet singers from the antipodes who bulk so large in the English musical world just now. The newcomer in Miss Louie Morrell, a oharming mezzo, who hails from Melbourne, the city that gave Melba both her name and her first sweet delights of fame. Miss Morrell and Mi'ss Ada Crossley wore fellow-students in Melbourne, and wore both pupils of the late Mme. Fanny Simoneen. Miss Morrell made her first appearance at Melbourne in May, 1895, and the following year was en gaged by Mile. Antoinette Trebelli to tour tho Australian colonics with her concert com pany. Sinco thou sho hus successfully como to the fore in Melbourne, where . she is a great popular favourite. Miss Morrell is a real colonial girl, with dark handsome features and a fascinat ingly attruotivo mauner. . Sho bids fair to go far. Sho will bo assisted at her concert by Miss Maud McCarthy (the marvellous youug violinist), and many other weU known artists. Mr, J. W. Sweeney, one of the , most popular of our comedians, has formed, in conjunction with Mr. George J. Staples, an English theatrical manager who recently arrived hero, the Royal Dramatic Company for a tonr of tho provincial' country towns. Mr. Sweeney has an excellent repertoire, which, as it includes " The Irishman " (in which ho made a groat hit at the Lyceum), "Vengeance is Mine," "Shannon's Shore" (a new drama, and ono that is highly spoken of), " East Lynne," and " The Colleen Bttwn," will enablo country playgoers to see tho actor in some of his most successful metropolitan roles. The company is a compsot and' rather numerous one, and Includes, in addition to the star, Messrs. Franois Eaton, Lewis Lawrence, George Crass, Bayfield, Oh'irlio Sonth, J. J. Reid, E. S. Youug, James Smith, and F. P. Croft on (stage manager), Misses Millie. Brown, Koehefort Roobelle, Wilt-Phillips, and Stella Thobuud. Mr. Vanghan has painted now scenory for the tour, and the management. is with the .indefatigable Lieu- tenaut Byrne. It is proposed to first play westward as far an Oobur and Bourko, and the company will return to Sydney prior to visiting norfhorn QuoeuRland. 