OUR SHORT STORY. THE MAJOR'S LUCK. As Set Forth by the Captain. It was a dull autumn afternoon, and I was drowsing over the Army and Navy the deserted ante-room, when Major Talbot Champneys Bing (commonly known as Tommy Bing) entered hurriedly, wearing the battered expression of a man who has been to Blackpool. He strode — I should say tittupped, for he was a little man with short, fat legs — to the bell and rang it violently. ' A large brandy and a small soda, please,' he commanded, and then began to fuss up and down the room, kicking unoffending chairs and stools out of the way. 4 Hullo, Tommy,' I cried, waking up, 4 what'.s the matter — just met your tailor ?' Tommy gulped down his peg, ordered another, and plumped into a chair before replying. 4 Jaok, old man,' he said, mopping his round, chubby face, 4 1 am in a deuce of a mess.' ' Oh, Tommy,' I said reproachfully, 4 at your age too. I am ashamed of you.' 4 Oh, don't be a silly ass !' he snapped testily, 4 1 don't know what you mean. Look here, you know Miss Mangles?' 4 Yes,' I assented, growing very interested, for Miss Mangles had made a considerable impression on my none too susceptible heart. 4 Well,' continued Tommy, ' as I only have a year to go for pension, have been thinking of settling down and getting married, and I — er — thought that Miss Mangles ' 4 The dickens you did!' I ejaculated, annoyed at the idea of an old fogey like Tommy (he was quite five years my senior) pretending to a young pretty girl like Violet — er— Miss MangleB. Tommy was far too much engrossed with his tale to heed my interruption, and he went on rapidly ; 4 1 went down to Lucknow Lodge this afternoon, and ' 4 Popped and were refused. Well, well, old chap, cheer up ; you never were cut out for domestic bliss, you know,' I said, secretly relieved. 4 Not a bit,' said Tommy. 4 1 wish you wouldn't interrupt. I apologised, and he resumed. 4 1 am,rather old-fashioned in these matters and I considered it would be more in keeping with propriety if I first obtained the mother's consent before approaching the daughter. As I was saying, I went down this afternoon, saw Mrs. Mangles by appointment, and ' Tommy paused, shifted about in his chair, took a drink, and finally said uneasily ; ' I — I — er— look here, Jack, you won't laugh, will you ?' 4 Not a ghost of a cachinnation,' I asser- vated solemnly. 4 What did the Sergeant- Major say bit snorty, eh ?' 4 The Sergeant-Major, ' I may explain, was the irreverent title by which Mrs. Mangles, the widow of a distinguished Indian officer, was known to all and sundry in our small garrison society. 4 Er — I — she — Mrs. Mangles, that is — oh, dash it !' splutttered Tommy, 4 she thought I was proposing to her — and, oh Lord, she accepted me.' Here Tommy gave vent to a most dolorous howl, and I, despite my promise, went off into roars of laughter as a vision of the Sergeant Mamr, tail, Iron-Duke featured, and domineering, embracing our dear, good, fat, little Major flashed across my mind. 4 Oh, it's funny, devilish funny, isn't it?' growled Tommy, regarding me with great disfavour. 4 Well, what happened ?' I queried after a pause. 4 Happened ?' he repeated very savagely, 4 nothing happened. I bolted out of the house as fast as I decently could. Probably she took it for excess of joy,' he added bitterly. 4 Weil, what are you going to do then? I said, shaking with laughter at the sight of his wrathful face. 4 Do ?' he snorted. 4 Do ? What's the use of asking silly questions ? What the devil can I do ?' 4 You might write a polite explanatory note,' I was suggesting, when he bounced up and regarded me fixedly through his eye glass. 4 Jack,' he said intensely, 4 1 may be an ass, even an abyssmal ass, but if you imagine for one tenth part of a Beoond that I am going to tell her she was mistaken -well, yi u oan jolly well tell her yourself, that's all,' and he plumped down again, and sat fuming and glowering. I wasn't undertaking any ambassadorial functions, and said so frankly. 4 But what are you going to do ?' I per sisted ; 4 marry her?' 4 1 suppose so,' he replied shortly, 4 and by the way, Jack,' he added with a touch of that good feeling which always distinguished him, 4 as that's the oase I don't know that I ought to have told you anything. However, you won't give it away, will you ?' 4 Not a whisper,' I said seriously, 4 and let me offer you my heartiest congratulations, old chap.' Tommy winced, but answered firmly, 4 Thanks, old friend, let us take a drink.' That evening at mess the 4 bubbly ' wine came round with 4 Major Bing's compliments, sir,' and in due course Tommy struggled to his feet, very red in the face. 4 Gentlemen,' he said in a strangled voice, 4 1 have tbe honour to announce my engage ment to Mrs. Mangles. Except to me, it was lyddite ; but after the first moment of stupefied astonishment, we rose and cheered, and drank their healths, and sang 4 For they are jolly good fellows,' which was appropriate, in view of the lady's masculinity, and generally made a rumpus. But we were not destined to see much of Tommy's courtship. Three days later Mr. Kruger issued his notice to quit, and in another week we were on the way to Cape town. I pass over the parting scenes, but may mention that Violet and I came to a satisfactory settlement, and that the Ser geant-Major's farewell gift to Tommy was a bullet-proof vest, which the infuriated recipient wished to hurl into the sea, so we took it from him and put it on Fido, the regimental bear— an allusion to his girth which annoyed him, and apparently Fido also, as he clawed it off and ate it, becoming very thoughtful for three days afterwards, They marobed us up and they marched us down. They put us in armoured trains, and bucketed us about in luggage trucks. They sent us to take impossible positions, and we took them. We surprised and were sur prised, more frequently the latter. We were alternately scorched and frozen, parched and soaked. We had only hard tack to eat, and not much of that. We fought and we bled, we blistered and swore, we endured all the anoient and several modern plagues of Egypt, and at the end of two months we were incredibly ragged and disreputable, but in rampant health, aud without an ounce of superfluous flesh on our bodies. Poor Tommy, indeed, looked quite lost without his corpora tion, but he was immensely cheery, and even the post-bag could not damp his spirits. So far, he and I had got through without a scratch, but A slight oversight on the part of the Intel ligence Department brought us temporarily to a standstill on the banks of Allan Water — I mean Modder River — where we lay and waited for reinforcements. Now, it is no exouse for what happened, but I may state that we were, one and all, possessed with the fixed idea that the Boers would not attack under any circumstances, and consequently we looked upon the outpost duty which the general made us do as rather farcical. One night Tommy and I were on adjoining picquets. It was a clear, starlit night, and, therefore, according to the rules of the game as prepared by our Intelligencers, utterly impracticable for a night attack. My subaltern was a depressing kind of idiot, and though it was very risky, I got so bored with him and my surroundings that I sauntered over to Tommy's lair. He had some whisky, 4 commandeered ' from goodness knew where, and we were chatting away merrily when bang, bang went all along the line, and a babel of cries rose in the air: 4 Allemachtig huistoe, ver- dome rooineks. Courage, mes enfants. En avant. L'univers nous regarde. Potztau- send, Donnerwetter, Voncarts. Wurst und Lager.' Such were the yells that smote upon our amazed ears. I wasn't hit, and didn't stop to see who was, but sprinted to my picquet. There was a very pretty fight in progress when I arrived, and, by the Lord Harry, the Boers had bayonets. However, there was no time — — P to be astonished, so I grabbed my rifle from a stricken corporal (we had given up wear ing swords) and waded in. I bad just given an animated Gaul point three in the waist coat, when— biff— the sky fell on my head, and, like Abner Dean of Angels, the subse quent proceedings interested me no more. When someone had kindly put the firmanent back in its place I awoke to the fact that I was in the field hospital, and that someone was telling me not to speak or move. I didn't want to do either. Then they explained to me that the great night attack had failed after a desperate struggle, that the general did not know whether to be pleased or furious, that I was full of holes, and that Tommy was also grieviously wounded. After a time they sent us down to Wynberg, and there we lay in hospital whilst the weary, leaden days dragged on and our wounds obstinately refused to heal. Tommy and I were lucky in having a small ward to ourselves, but I don't know that it was altogether an advantage — it encou'Rged visitors ('inquisitors' we used to call them). 1 have no doubt these people meant well', but we objected strongly to being made a raree show of for a pack of strange females, with, to put it mildly, primeval notions of good breeding. However, there was nothing to do but grin and bear it, for they were pachydermatous, but there were two who were particularly offensive. One was a lady (by courtesy) novelist and the other a well-known divorcee, who posed for a Misunderstood, though the jury had found little difficulty in understanding her. There was no getting away from these two. One morning, about three weeks after the plyglot attack, we were lying in bed idly chatting. 'Oh, dear,' sighed Tommy, 'I suppose these awful women will be here again this morning. Gad, it would be a relief to see someoni else." Even Mrs. Mangles,' 1 suggested mali ciously. 'Certainly,' said Tommy stoutly; 4 she's a lady, anyway, and doesn't write indecent books, like that ginger-haired creature. She brought me her last book yesterday, 4The Maunderings of a Passionate Soul.' I've only read two pages of it, but I should say , Sappho' was the young girl's 'Sunday Reader' to it. It positively hummed !' There wa-i a sound of nearing footsteps. 4Here they come,' said Topamy, with a despairing groan. The door opened, and the nurse ushered in— the sergeant-major and Violet ! When I had satisfied myself by oscular demonstra tion that it really was my darling, I raised my head, and lo and behold ! The sergeant- major had her arm round Tommy's neck, his head reclining on her capacious bosom, an i he was sniffing audibly, whilst the re doubtable good lady was crying unrestrain edly. Fortunately for the sergeant-majors self- respect the Passionate Soul and the Mis understood came undulating in. The con flict was short and decisive. Of course, Mrs. Mangles could never have been guilty of such a thing, but there was something about the Passionate Soul's gait as she scurried down the drive which suggested she had made the acquaintance of — another sole. 'Now, Talbot,' said Mrs. Mangles, 4I can quite understand what you have been suffer ing at the hands of these ghouls. I am going to take you and Arthur away.' And she did, to a villa at Minzenberg, where, with the tenderness or a mother and the skill of a physician, she nursed us back to health and comparative soundness. There is only one happier couple in Eng land than Major and Mrs. Bing, and that couple well, that's my business. — The Captain, in M.A.P. 