THE SEN0R1TAS ROSES.! i ULUWING toutb- ! ? etQuoD bytbed t be. ' dronsv eld garden in * flood of molt en gold. The orange aud fig Ueci tung tteii luscious Fruit within tempting distance, while up to the Si-norita's bedroom window climbed in a riot ?f yellow splendour the superb gold of Ophir rose tro, famous alone toe entire coast. Nem was there such another lose tree ! The SenoriU was straight and tall an 3 (lender. Though the grey was beginui«c to creep in her dusky hair.aml the tell-tale wri-kles were seaming her : f oretiea 1, yet nhe was a handsome wemau,.. with^tbe same AudalnRian failures, the Bnfl, speafcinjr eyes, the clear oliie ^tio, her beautiful mother had brought fiotn Spain yeare ago. ,. .- . Brery atternooD when the Stuorit* bad fiaiiUed I rr household dritiw, before she sat down to the daioVj drawn work which was a part of her daily oonupni ion, md from which she derired a modust income, it was her oustotn to enter the drawinE^roon, tod a-! (or adjusting the blinds «o ^ij ilij/BUiilipV. vt6nld toiich her \- protrait sentjV,:iQ J»tsiid,|«Tpre it intently re garding her swn iMt ^ou^a. . . . 41 M&dre; di Diw.l' was the murmured ex clamation, ' but ft* was loop- time ago — long — tioae— ago.' -^i. There TO also* ikse of golden roses on a, little *tapd fcefort Tfl)e ^portrait.. j.Whrn the SenariU'ii ixm ieft the pioture it fell upon ' the fiontrs. With a gentle aigb she would pen siTb^r toucW the petals with csteisiog fingers, tta««nently.a»fi like a ghost slowly glide from tberoom. ?.„ ^ ; ' ,VV*ui before, wheu the^enorits was young, a beaoty nod a belle of -the little settlement, up at the Presidio there was'a e»llaht . young lieu tenant who fell desperately in love with the eharming Spaniard. Their oourtsbip amid the mjrtle and orange grorrs, under ±be warns moonlight of the SouthVro irgiun, in the shel tered uooka along the white beaoh-was ideal. Oooe, whea the lieatenant returael from Santa Barbara, whither be had been Bent on important military business, he brought to his swettbeirt a tiny ruse boat), which he planted before ber daur. ' ¥gnaoia,'be whispered, as he ceugbt Lti slim bands in bis slid bent his bold, blue eyr? upon her blushing ?«i», *' my leve for you will be perennial, like this bush, nud sweet, as iis blossoms '' .^* But alu for the pledges of passion ' The lieutenant rcas one to love and ride away. Eie the roees bad bloomed the third year, he hsd deported, departed witi Fervent vows and promises of a speedy return. But the long burDiDg summers, ihe s:.ow dreary' winters, drifted by »nd be ae»r une. The tiny bush grew to be a lordly tree. She beard of binJ oowBad then— the fameui' Indian fighter, thtn the major, the colonel, at last the (treat General, whose Dime w»a honoured throughout the land. Then came the news of hit marriage to i celebrated bell* and beiress. Tbe rose tree was growing and blooming, but hope wii dead in thf heirt of tbe Senoiita Year after year she lived her simple little life in the old adobe cottage of her ancestors. One by one her fiiends passed awiy. To the Seiioriln were lt-ft only her rose fardea and memory. It was * greatday^or tbe sleepy little Spanish town wbeu the rtilway tame ; greater, whun the rioh syndicate btjlt tbe . magnificent hotel Then came the electric cars, rushing and danc ing before the tsenorita's j»k garden. Ome evening the Stnorita' sat under tbe .GoM of Ophir rose tres. In ber .hands (he held a cluster of her farawtm. As she inhaled thtir fragrance her tbongits were aserer, bnsy with the past. The garden gale clicked tad swung open. Two pnqple advaDcsd1 slowly and uncertainly through the gatherng dusk ; a man acd u woman, young, fasbiohably-urested, with &k; uamistakable air ot good breeding. Tbe maa, stepping forward and courteously lifting bis hat, said, ' Hate I tbe honour of addressing tseaorita Tcnicia Bucaventura Y' He stopped abrupt y as a sharp cry fell from the Seaoiits's lipj. ' Suits Maria !' ihe breathed, rather than spoke, ' who it era t' ' I am sorry to hire stalled you so,' repli»-! the visitor gently : ' we weie tol 1 at the hotel that you were quite villing strip gi is should see tl.is beautiful tree or we would uot have in truded, 1 beg your pardon,' and he turned a; if to go. ' Stay, Seuor,'' sne cried, ' do not go. 1 will shew you the: roses with happiuctB — n But your face it ees which gare me bo moncLu start. Jesu Chrislo ! but you are like some one ? ' ' I think yoa ktew my father,' said the srrangrr ; ' he nn stationed here st the I'retipio, yean sjo, aid 1 have often heard him skeak of this charming old torn.' ' Sour f athaire here ?' ' Yes, my father, Qenernl Sannders ; Lien lenaiit Sauuders when he was bete.' There was a profound silence. The straight, Mm figure seemed turnrd to stone. Tom Saun ders felt is if be ncrrcouf routed by some vague uukaown tragedy, His young wife, too, was experiencing a sensation as if she were looking en at a mysterious phase of human emotion. She tuned her -sweet fact, foil of tender tytnpataVi towards the gtuoriU. ? The Senonta tpoke -first ; '-Si aeoor,' she said in a low, grave voice, ' 1 did know your falhaire long— time— ago. He look like you - ah, I 'opeieeeswell— |i?-' ' 'Did you not know p Bat of course you would not aaVe-ifearai.' — saii Saunders sadly, j ' my father is.-dead. ,-Jle died a month ago.' ' He m deajlT '' ) (touted the : tenor iU mechanically. ' Yea,*'*aid inlanders, ' and before he died, be 'charged me with a'sacreu coinim»sicn. lie kuor that. I was coming here on my wedding juuraey. He cVlled'Ae to hiss oue day and said : ' Wheat you get there 1 want you to seek Senorita Ygnuis BosaVentura. Tell her f cr me that now 1 sm.'bbaring death, 1 see with clear vision, and that I 'egret the past. Tell Lee Ikat aa I lie here ricked with pain, I )oug, oh ! I loDg for this cpolnefs and quiet of her rose- garden, and ttavtin the long watches of nice restless aigkt I smell again the perlume from the goloeu rases I planted before ber door.' There was a sound of sobbing, as Siunders Gaisbed bis psthetis message. It came from his wife, who waa profoundly affected by tbe situa tion. But the Senorita did not weep. Her white face *ras tease in its agony, but aot a tear glistened in her sombre eyes. She held out her hand to the son rf her old leve. Be took it in both his aad- pressed it grally. 'She bas suffered for my father's sake,' was the thought that flashed through bis mind. As Panniers and bis wife were leaving, their arms 6Hed with branches and diuters of tbe of the Gold of Oiibir roses, tbe Senorita held ' epea the gate for them. When Saundcrs passed her, she laid in bis band tbe king of all that fear's blossoms, a great royal golden rose. 'For tbe lieutenant's grave,' she simply said. ~ Bauoders bowed, too much -Bored to speak. And six weeks later tbe aabes of that perfect flower were mnrendj strewn over a grave in OraajDwood. , Benra after tlinir departure, tho Senoiita uiferpii the little dtawing-room. Her tacc was wan ami haggard and old. She lifted ber fliokftinc candle high before the portrait and gazed steadfastly dpoa the beautiful young faos that smiled down at ber. . ' Madre di Dios ! ' sbe breatsed, ' but it »i a l«ng— time— ago.' Tbe utxt mortiag they tried invaia to w»k»a the Senoiita. She lay still anil cold on ber bed, drawa close to the open cansment.TlirouRb r.e window, tbe great gay golden roses climbed sod looked into the poor little chamber. And oue, bolder tha« the rest, had laid its yellow bead clote ts the dead heart of the Senorita. 