i The Ghost in the Cab. , T was past midnight; the city streehs were deserted and | it wos time to go home. So thought cabby No. 11, ebir I eriog in his rusty overcoat. 1 He had watched the electric light oo the corner ontil its ring of rainbow needles | seemed to stab his eyes and the big shadows on the i street below it to shake with t tbejcold. !' "Not a fare this whole L blasted night !*' .he mut tered, reaching down and I palling the blanket from his ' horse. As he did so, he felt the carriage give a great jar on its springs. He turned quickly ; some one bad flung himself into the seat behind biro. " What do yon want ?" said the cabby, roughly. There wag a pause—thenV voice came through the darkness, thick and nasty as a gurgle of black oil : " Drive me to Judas Withers'?, and in the name of heaven, drive fast!" '•Judas Withers has been dead and his soul with the devil this many a year," answered the cabman, staring behind him, " The house still stand*, but I have lost ray way. Go on, you fool!" The figure reached over, and catching the whip from its place, gave the horse a lash. The old beast piunged forward, banging and rattling down the street, while the curbing cabman tried to clatch at the reins ; but a hand, chilly and clinging as the belly of a snake, fastened on bis wrist, and the thick voice came close to bis ear : " Now—will you show me my way ?" The driver sank into his place agiin, while the old cab rockcd like a ship. On they riwlied, past closed stores and lampless blocks of houses, now rip ping and wrenching across the car tracks, anft now swinging along the deserted road, on and on, until the pave ments had been left behind and the frost looked back from the rats like a million little green eyes. At last came the command, " Stop ! I see it now," and the next instant the cab was empty. " My fare !" yelled the cabman, leap ing down. There was no answer. He looked about him. It was very dark where he stood, but the waning moon, with its gnawned and crumbled edges, hung on a line with the fir tops. Before he rose a vague blackness, the house of Judas Withers, tenantless but for the old wife, who still clnng like some pale lichen to/ its moldering stones. Perhaps she, too, was dead. The cabby did not know. Hs did know, though, that Judas Withers had been a miserly carcass, grudging the very skin that hung his bones together. The bouse stood back from the road ■ and was surrounded by a garden, now lying gray and lonesome under the moon, j As the cabby peered toward it, he saw j the fignre of a man come into the moon shine. It sprang across the open space in soft leaps, like a great black bubble, its every movement full of a dreadful vitality—then it was gone. As the driver himself turned to go, be saw a tiny red spark flash out from the bouse before bim, and one after the other the windows on the lower floor glowed red, as a crawling blotch of sparkles will eat across soot. The man was there—the man wbo owed him the money I—and all fear fled but the fear of loss. The cabby tied his horse and went creeping up the path nnder cover of the hedges. Wben be reached the house, he raised .himself gently and looked in at one of the win dows. Before him lay an empty room. On the floor, thrown from a window op posite, was « great checkered flag j noontigUt—nothing more, nothing bat ,hcse bine squares in the darkness. Suddenly the cabman ducked his lead, for he saw that a man bad glided nto llie room. He carried a candle liigh above hia head, and bis great pale face wag bloated and loose as a curd. The cabman crouched low. A gust jf wind set the fir-trees whispering, and i shatter slammed far away in the house. " Guess I'll get out of this," he mut Lered, rising. But ho did not go. for the figure that stood in the candle-light had turned its back to the window and was digging among the bricks, ripping and scratching like a leopard, while his long shadow clawed on the ceiling above him. " Thef ?" said the cabman, between his teeth, pressing his ear to the broken panes. " There is treasare hidden there, perhaps gold, perhaps——" Just then the man inside gave a joyful grunt. He lifted an iron box from the hole lie had been digging. There wag no key in the lock, but at his touch the cover flew open and out poured the contents —bine, green, and gold, like a glittering rush of water broken beneath the son. The cabby's heart stopped beating. " Diamonds I" he cried softly; then he grasped at the window-ledge, for the creators gave a howl of anguish. " Good 0o(t I they give no light I" And the echoes chattered back " No light! no light I'' There was a long silence- The hnddle on the floor rocked to and fro, his face bnried in his tbin hands. The moon had sunk and the sky was clear as dark glass. A cock crowed somewhere in the east. At that sound the wretched figure raised its head. Opposite him was a door with a fan shaped transom over it, and as he looked, it grew gray and then rosy. Some one was coming; now, even the cabtcan could bear the light crack of steps. Nearer tbey came, nearer; the door opened and a little fiirare "'peeped into the room—the light fig-ore of a woman, shriveled and very old. The qian by the fire-place sprang op. As the woman's eyes met that ghastly face, she gave a cry. " Jodas!" she screamed, " Judas!" Then she tottered and slid in a heap at his feet. Be kicked at her, but she only lay there, gUbbering •' What do yon want J What do yon want?" At last Vie answered her. * " It was black ; it choked me—it was so dark! oh, so dark! I have come back for the light they promised me. They said' I shonld find it here—that without it my soul will be blind—blind I Do you bear me? Help me find iti As yon were my wife, help me find it!" The woman crawled to her knees, ber eyes raised to bis, and tjie terrified cab man, watching through the window, saw that the kerchief folded across ber bosom was bright, as if a lamp glowed behind it. The other man saw it, too, and his white claws shot out, burying themselves in her breast. When he had finished, he held in *his stained and' dripping hands the woman's heart: It qnivered, (ike the bruised hnman thing it was, but the light sbiniDg from it sever - wavered, lighting the hollow of the ' man's hand and the hollow of the great room ; his face and his loose, white lips smiling widely; and the pit of his throat, that was black as (he gale of bell; lighting, too, the tumbled, tramp led body and the star-dust of spilled diamonds. He paused an instant—he whose name was that of the dead—then he turned and hounded toward the window. There was a smash of glass, and the cabniBB felt those smeared fingers at his own neck. " Now take me back where I came from. Be quick, or else—-He did not finish his threat. _ The cabby gave a sick gulpb, as it his throat was full of paste, then be was dragged over the ground and flong into the seat of his cab. The creature sprang after him, grinding him against the dash board with its bony knees, where the poor cabby clung, frantic with terror as they fled, 'pounded, flew, down the road. When this cabman opened hia eyes ' again, there was) a great burst of sun shine. Above his head shone the heavens, deep as the core of a sapphire, and far away be could see the blue heee of the city streaked with gray plumes of smoke. In the grass lay his shattered cab, and high over his head, its pearly summit seeuiing plunged in the eternal azure, rose a marble shaft. On it were _ carved these words : • To Judas WiTHBnB. j • ERECTED nv 1113 I.OVINO WIFB. j Tho letters were of gold, but the moraiog «io had touched them into "oris o! fire.—J w.re Ctossos Ketov. Mbs. McCabmcu : Thot piano lamp y„ it teck? n° 8 'aa'01 W!mt *eE to take Dealeh : Jib! Why I AST*™* •'Wwr* chaDe <** wo 