Religious Life. If Thou wouldst Walk with Me. If thou wouldst walk with me, Take up thy cross : 1 carried mine — Is thine, then, heavier ? Step for step, I walk with thee : Lay thy tired hand in mine ; The prints that press thy palm Love bare for this alone — That I and thou together mightest walk Thy Calvary I Fearest thou ? My little child The light is shining past the dark : Take up thy cross — And thee and this thy load I lift upon my heart. I love thee — Ease thy heart in mine— j And while thou waitest for life's morn, ... God guards the night I — Exchange. To send back an offered Rejected. present is to scorch and whither the soul. If God has a form of reprobation which he would inflict upon me as a mark of his peculiar wrath, let him shut up my heart from giving to his cause and king dom. ' I will take no bullock out of thy house, nor he-goats out of thy fold. No stone shalt thou lay in that temple whose topstone is to be the signal of universal joy and praise ; thy offerings shall not beautify heaven, or make its music louder and- sweeter by bringing souls into it !' — Nehemiah Adams. In the best men there is e. P, r', a tendency to do certain against the they ought not. Flesh. the more they are filled with the Holy Spirit, the more it is true of them that they are kept from doing what otherwise they would. 'When I was a boy I used to go to the Polytechnic in London, where my favourite diversion was a diving bell, which had seats around the rim, and which at a given time was filled with people and lowered into a tank. We used to go down deeper and deeper into the water, but not a drop ever came into that diving bell, though it bad no bot tom and the water was quite within reach, because the bell was so full of air that, though the water lusted against the air, the air lusted against the water, because air was being pumped in all the wbile from the top, and the water could not do what it otherwise would. If you are full of the Holy Ghost, the flesh life is underneath you, and though it would, surge up, it is kept out.— F.£: Meyer. Anyone who tries as Teach Thou Me. hard as he can to please God is sure of Divine guidance. He will get many deep experiences of human helplessness and a Redeemer's strength, but when God teaches we need not dread the lesson. He may make mistakes, but God's love holds on to him and is ready to help him just as far as he is willing to be helped. It may turn him off from the particular track upon which he was going, but it will only be to place him on a higher and straighter one ; for the life of duty is always included in, though uplifted by, the life of love. . 0, the life of an archangel is only a life of loving service ; and our little bit of mortality has it for its privilege to copy it here in miniature, till we come to the freer, grander sphere above. To do God's will from morn till night, to bring our hearts in unison with His own, to grasp the opportunities as they fly, to plant our earthly seeds for His heavenly harvest — this is the vocation to which we are called. May He who sees our deep unworthiness and frailty and sin so fill us with Himself that our calling maybe our joy ! — Between the Lights. In a recent sermon, The way to make Dr. Joseph Parker a Collection. said : The Apostle Paul knew the exact way to make a collection. We do not know that way. A few people here and there know it, and they lovingly and obediently practise 'Jt. But we have degraded the collection into a nuisance, we have turned it into a vexation of the spirit. It ought to be a great gospel service, a sweet and tender sacrament, a suggestion of the greatest possibilities of life, that we may do something for God, something for Christ, something for the cross. The Apostle Paul was a Methodist before the time. He said : As to the collection ; this matter is to be done week by week ; it is to be a weekly offering, little by little ; on the first day of the week let every one of yon lay by him in store. That is the way to get a collection ; not to pick out the accidental penny that happens to be in the pocket at the moment, but to give a stored treasure into the Lord's out stretched hand. There must be steady calculation, wise appropriation of bene fits, a careful thinking out of the whole subject ; and then, when the days have fulfilled themselves, let the store be poured into the treasury of God. I have been sometimes asked if the weekly offerings always succeeds, and I have been constrained to answer that the not offering weekly cannot succeed. Yet there are some persons who are under the most marvellous hallucination, which may be expressed in this effect : ' Our hands are always in our pockets.' They are not, or, if they are, they are too literally there ; it would be better for the hands if they were sometimes taken out of the pockets. We forget the great eternal truth that God's hand is always in our pocket, leaving something there for our use and service. The Apostle said : With regard to this collection, let it be as God hath prospered you. That is the standard, that is the rule ; only give him a percentage ; if he has given you nothing, give him nothing in return. Yes, that I preach, standing, as it were, in Whitefield's footprints. If God has done nothing for you, do nothing for God. And beginning at~the eldest they went out even unto the youngest ; for no man amongst them could say that God had forgotten them. ' Now concerning the collection.' — Toronto Christian Guardian. 