TOPICS OF THE DAY. A sum of L1COO was placed on the last estimates for the purpose of erecting new station buildings on the "up" side nt Albert Park. To-day Mr J. S. White, M.L.A., waited on the Deputy (.'ommls- Hloner or Hallways and urged that the work should be proceeded with forth with. Mr Fitzpatrlek promised Hint he would use every effort to place It In hand al the earliest possible moment consistently with departmental exigen cies. The enterprising city of Uallarat Is fa mous all over Australia for Its many beauty spots and Its well laid out gar dens, but porhops It is best known for Us statues, which are suld to be amongst the llnc-st of their kind. To die mugiiiU- cenl statue of the Queen, Rob ert Huron, Hcotland's hard: -Thomas .Moore, Ireland's poet; and others which adorn Sturt street, the citi zens of UaHurat arc desirous uf uddlng another statue. TtiLs Is to he erected tit the end of the square near the Junction of the tram lines at bridge street, and It is to be to ihe memory of the Victuri.ni soldiers who fought and died for their Queen nnd country on the .South African veldt. Some time ago, when the project was Jlrst Initiated, a strong committee was appointed, nnd through their exer tions. nnd with the nsslstanco of the Hal- Ural "Courier" and "Star," close upon L1000 ho» been got togelher. To further augment the fund the committee request ed ihe limn of "The Herald" Federal ilag designs, nnd on Friday the exhibition was opened by the Mayor (Cr John Whykw), as already reported In these columns. The exhibition was well Atten ded on Friday nnd Saturday afternoons ami evenings, and the Soldiers' Statue Fund Is likely to be considerably Increas ed. The committee liuvo not yet decid ed whether the statue shall lie an eques trian one. a three-figure one. or a single llgure one, Ills Royal IIIghneM ihe Duko nf York hns Iwen asked to lay the foun- ! dntlou stone. Uopctoun Doulevnrd Is nearly comple ted tip to St. Kllda road, but the dally | train riders wonder why the Telegraph Department has not replaced tho live old tipsy posts by something new and handsome (writes Mr YV. H. Hilton), lie continues:— "I suggest wrought Iron columns resembling ISiffcd towers; the live would not cost much. They could be erected on' piles driven through the loose embankment. No time should be lost, or damage will be <hi« to the tree planting and rock work, now nearly finished. It will soon be too late to re plant nny trees if damaged by the work. There are a number of citizens who have, or shorild bnve, votes - who spend leisure hours on the green banks of thu Yarrn, down tho alone steps from I'rbicu's Hrldge. Some sit on window- sills of a stone wall in the shade there. Now, sir, 100 ft of scaling could be placed along that wall for L"», which would be n boon to many. I hope It will not need n steam hammer lo convince the respon sible heads of this pressing need for the people whoso votes arc now eagerly sought." Mr MucRobertson, of Fitzroy, has lilt upon the novel Idea of displaying upon his labels nnd post cards "The Herald" prize design for tho Federal flag, by per mission of the proprietors of "The Herald" and "Weekly Times." The military and naval Bags arc shown in their proper colors, and the artistic work Is excellent. Melbourne Dodge No. 1 I.O.G.T. enter tained Its Juvenile branch. Our Future Hope Temple, on Friday evening at Its lodge room, Temperance Hull, Rus sell, Bro. MofTatt, Onind Superintend ent of Juvenile Temples, presiding. A first class programme1 of songs, recita tions, etc., was provided by tho Juven iles. Just before tho Interval for re freshments, advantage was taken to present the prizes to the sqccessful com petitors In the Temple for letter writing, the subject being, "Our Brave Men In Bouth Africa."— 1st prize. Bister M. licathcotc, handsome album; 2nd, Dro. Levens, silver medal. Sisters C, Heath- cote and Hro. A. Thomas received suit able books for Introducing the greatest number of now members during, tbo past quarter, A dialogue, . "Britain's Curse," by Sisters Somervllle, M. Heath- cote, Attwood, and Blckerstoff, members of Ute Temple, was well rendered nnd greutly appreciated, bringing the enter tainment to a successful Issue. At a recent conference between mem bers of the Victorian Silk and Rural In dustries' Association, and representative of suburban municipal councils, for the purpose of discussing the -question ot closer settlement and the best means of fostering rural industries among city po pulations, a resolution was passed that the Government should be urged to obtain block of land In the vicinity of Melbourne and other centres of papula tion suitable for these purposes. It Is sug gested that these resumed areas should be divided Into small blocks of from 2 to & acre each. As regards the residents of.Melbdurno and suburb who' may be disposed to take up till land. It Is consid ered that technical education should bo provided for them In the\ Ant instance. With this object In view' It I proposed < that small experimental fitooks be estab lished in connection with ;k the proposed settlements, and that Instructions be giv en by experts In -cultivation of special products." A deputation will shortly waft upon the Government to urge that these recommendations be adopted. Tho regular monthly meeting ot the Board of Management of the Typograph ical Society was held on Saturday after noon, i'Oth October, In the society's rooms, Trade Hall, Carlton. The President (Mr T. Sanderson) occupied the chair, a full board being present. The minutes of pre-, vlous meeting — ordinary and special- having been read and confirmed, a targe amount of business wo transacted. Much natlsfaction was expressed byl the mem bers present at the continued prosperity of the society, lx>tjj financially and num erically, close on CO new members having Joined during the past five weeks. "With the object of fully organising the trade, U wa decided to hold a mass meeting of compositors nnd machinists (union and no-unlon) In the Trades Hall, Carlton, on Saturday night next, particulars of which will be 'advertised In the dally press dur ing the coming week. John l\ Prior, 70 years of age, u stone mason, residing at Cardigan street, Hal- lurnt, while on his way to work in that city this morning, fell ,dea«l In Ascot street. The death Is supposed to be due to heart disease. The matter has been reported to the Coroner. James M'Donald, six years of age, who resides at No. 13 Cameron street, Rich mond, met with an accident last evening. While playing In the yard the gate be came loosened from the hinges, and fell on the little boy, fracturing his left leg. He was taken to (lie Melbourne Hospital, and admitted by Dr. Stephens. The usual weekly cotccrt at the Rea mer Institute, Port Melbourne, will be given this evening by Miss L.«la Nor man. Mujor YV. T. Keay is to preside. The "Sportsman" will on Its front i«ge to-morrow present portraits of Inglis- ton, winner of the Cuulfleld Cup; Mr John Deck, owner and trainer; and C. Cooper, the rider. In addition, the fin ish of the race lias been specially snap shotted. "Reginald" and "The Racial Commissioner" deal fully with the Iosl twu days of the Y'.A.T.C. meeting, and make deductions therefrom for the prin cipal event at the forthcoming Y\K.C. spring campaign. YY'ork on the training tracks, for which special touts have lieen engaged, is made a specialty. The tables of entries, weights, acceptances, and scratch logs have been carefully revised with a view to affording the latest nnd most reliable Information. The fluctua tions of the betting market have also been specially noted. Rhyme and Rea son. At a Glance, Between Drinks. Gar nered CJossfp, Whispers nt the YY'lngs, and other popular departments of the paper furnish a mas of interesting and noteworthy Information. As usual, all the sports of the week are expertly dealt with. Great interest Is being taken by play goers In the forthcoming production of the opera bouffe The Hose of Persia, which will be staged for the first time in Melbourne at Her Majesty's Theatre on Kutunlay evening next. In Sydney and Brisbane the work has been a great suc cess, and the collaboration of Sir Arthur Sullivan and Captain Rasll Hood hag re sulted In bright music, and a libretto crammed full of good things. The return uf the Royul Comic Opera Company In Itself would be nn event, but the combi nation of old favorites and new face now presented Is Indeed a boon. The box- plan is at Allan's. Mr A. E. Gunn. F.R.G.S., will deliver a lecture entitled "On the Shore of the Never Never" before the.mombers of the Praliran Presbyterian Literary Society tills evening. Illustrated with lantern ; view. Visitor are Invited. Those that hnve to "go down to the cu In ships" and suffer considerable In ternal inconvenience In so doing will lop Interested to hear that Dr Dubois, a dis tinguished French physician, hn dis covered that an inhalation of 40 pints of pure oxygen gas will cure sickness. Ills theory is that his treatment relieves strain upon the healthy mechanism, a highly oxygorated atmosphere permit ting breathing function to tw per formed by u less complete action of the lungs. As against this, some optician are now contending that sea-sickness is really an Imnglnary complaint of purely physical origin. In other words, they try to demonstrate thnt lho disorder "is the outcome of unusual sights which meet the eye when one's living apart ment i Instnlliffl in a pitching, rolling .vessel, the Inference being that lying down with bandaged eyes would lie a prevention or, jierttaps, cure. Among the many suggested cure for sen-sick ness Is an underdone rump steak nnd a pint of stout, but with many constitu tions It doc not work, but there are number of people who would Inhale any quantity of gas If they could only con quer the fiend thnt will lay the bravest and strongest helpless on their backs. The "Gaulols" vouches for the accuracy of the following ghost story. Three gen tlemen were walking und chatting along the Hots do Boulogne, when suddenly one of them, overcome hy a mysterious Influ ence, stopped short nnd censed talking, Over his senses a cloud descended. The scene of the Hols went from before his eyes, the sounds of hlB friends' volccu from his ears. Only was he conscious of being In the midst of a vast nnd barren place, upon whUh there slowly appeared a coiiln. In which lay his sister, dead. Tlie vision faded from his mind, und he recovered consciousness to find his friends storing nt him in alarm, while he was shaking ns though with cold. Alarmed, he hastened to the telegraph ofllce und wired to inquire the stale of his sister's health. She was some 3000 miles from Paris, and when the reply came to his telegram it stated that she had died the very moment he was— as the miwoge oddly puts It— "seized with tlie vision," Tho "North China Herald" records a curious Incident which occurred nt a house on the Tlubbllng YVell road. Shang hai. Mr Craig, the occupant, had fallen nsleep on a long chnlr while reading on his verandah. The book, which was Lord Charles BercfforU's "Break-up of China," fell on his chest when he went to sleep, nnd he was awakened hy a bul let penetrating it. It 1 fortunately a thick and heavy book. A Mr Craig rolled off his choir another shot wa fired, aml.de haw three Chinese In his garden. lis ran Inside to get his revol ver. nnd at the same time the Blkh police men on the beat, hearing the firing, ran up, hut they were too Inte to nrrest tho culprits. Mr Craig, thanks (to Lord Charles' bulky work, was uninjured. Messrs Sydney C. Arnold and Co. will- offer for sale to-murrdw, at 118 Cardigan street, Carlton, furniture. , Tho P. and O. R.M.S. Victoria, which Halted from Melbourne on lUb September, arrived nt Plymouth on Friday. Mr Genrgo O. Henderson will offer for naln at 11 o'clock lo-morrow, at "Taroona," Lyndhurat crescent, Auburn, household furniture. 