Epitonie bf flews. - Show over. Forbes Show commences next Wed- . nesday. r .For Children's .Hacking Cough at nighty Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is6d. Saturday's special edition of this . paper will contain a full report of to day's racing. . „ — t— T Iiithe Eaglehawk Poad Race Davies- Franklin cycles secured first, third, and fastest time prizes. : The Premier intends to take prompt action with regard to the reduction of " the salary of the State Governor to about £5000., - A ,t.. r . Reserve No. 24,566, pending 3urvey, . parish Moonbia, area. 1,862 .acres, has \- been revoked, and vthe land reserved .. for conditional purchase, or leb-se. 'A The undermentioned - areas 'have been reserved from annual lease : — No. 31,231, : within the leasehold ' ai'ea of Warroo Holding, area about'' 20,065 acres j No. 31,232; within the leasehold area, of Blowclear West Holding, area about 15,729 acres. I Races to-day. Entries for the Parkes Show, close to-morrow. The Premier has under consideration a comprehensive Greater Sydney scheme. Mr. L. C. Ford has b'eeri officially declared elected an auditor of the Con dobolin Council vice Mr. T. Tasker, : resigned. Our contemporary goes' one further and now tries to prove one of its wild assertions re hospital matters by idle chatter.— The last straw. .. , We will be pleased to furnish any of our readers with the size, in 1 en hie __ ; w yards, of tanks or other excavations oh dimensions being furnished us. Davies-Franldin single-tube racing tyres are very light, andfor the Con venience of racing men this season they aire preparing tyres, from a special fabric which cannot part. The flood waters are gradually drain ing off the local company's tailings, which unfortunately were in parts several feet submerged; ; It is the general hope that none have been washed away. ; Messrs Hunt & Co., have sold , their bakery business to' Mr T. Bonser, an experienced master baker, of Parra- matta. Mr Bonser has already assumed control of the businessso centrally situated next to Messrs , G. Bollinger ife Co., Bathurst street. . . Great "Caesar's Ghost ! poor Wasted frame, That once full vigour did possess, Can't be a man in else but name, His cough has brought, him such, dis tress. " „ The undertaker smiles to think Next winter's cold he'll not endure, Oh ! ne'er say die, but take, a drink Of W.VE. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. .-v.-..- A correspondent sends us the follow ing During the recent flood a party of young folk travelling to school: in the district had a very thrilling ex perience. After driving for some time they .came; in sight of the school, but to their dismay could get no further owilig to their pony and sulky becom ing completely bogged. The mud was feet thick, and try as best as they coum tne norse couia not move, ine little bandf— fiye.;.in number— were compelled -to, sit t and wait ; until.' help arrived. ; At last one, Hapyey Atkins, happened .to notice the fix they Were in and ait once, hastened < wi- li his horse and renderedv valuable ,a?si -stance in, dragging them; out, the party being,' except' for theuncom for table situation, very little the worse , for , their experi ence; It was very amusing to- see t.iie deliverer,' after he had got his( horse to start,- d riving across 'tlie boggy piai n to , the school witi 'the teacher and four or. five nippers running at his heels, and oneJgirl'bh -the .Tpo'hy that got' bogged.' School eventually ' ripened /at. .1 ;'l/o'ciock after '2' hours.' " ' ' i ' Show, sport, sovereigns, and sharks in evidence this week. Woods' Great Peppermint Cure for Coughs and Colds never fails. Is 6d. Mr George Morrow is about again, after a short, though severe, indisposi tion- - ' » \ . ' ' . : Messrs. -Ed. Weaver & Co., in cori- i junction with Messrs. R. Officer «& Co., hold an important ram sale at Forbes on Friday, 3rd August. An area of 228 acres, comprising . surrendered portions part of 34, 1 5, 16, "hi, parishes of Bogahdillpn and Moon bia, has been set apart for conditional purchase or lease. At the local Land Office on Thurs day-last the following land was applied for A. Maitl&nd;, c.p. 1207 acres, portion 24, parish Moonbia, county Gipps ; T. Waite, c.l. 87£ acres, por tion 21, parish Kookabufragong, coun ty Gipps. ' At a mpeting of members of the W y along Civilian Rifle, Club held last week, it was decided to take steps for the formation of a company of Volun teer. Infantry. The club has been in communication, with the authorities for some time pastin, connection with the matter. . 'A- A.. ; TO THE DE.X.EV— A rich lady, cured , of ! her Deafness and Noises in the. Head by Dr. Nicholson's Artificial Ear Drums, gave '.£5000 to his Insti tute, so that deaf , people unable to procure the Ear Drums may, have them free. Address No. 269D, The Nicholson Institute, Longcott, Gun- nersbury, London, W. i It is contemplated by .the N.S.W. Government to. submit a proposal to Parliament this week for the dispatch of 200 men to China. The Salamis has been chartered by the Imperial Government for the conveyance of troops from New 'South Wales and Victoria. If the vote should be passed, our men will go, therefore, by that steamer. .. . A - ; An interesting . case was heard at the Wellington police court last Friday morning, when a Chinaman named Fan appeared ; on a charge of inflicting grievous bodily harm on Chris; Shake speare, on July 5th last. It appears that on the day mentioned; when the recent snowstorm; occurred, snowball ing was being indulged in, when the Chin aman picked up j and th re w half a brick at Shakespeare, breaking his arm . Accused was committed for trial at. Dub'bO. , ,i A wire from Dubbo, dated Saturday,, reads ;— An outrage by blacks is re ported from Breelong. Four aborigin als attacked the- Mawb'ey's homestead : last night, killing a school teacher and two "children of -.the family ; Mrs Mawbey and. two others were danger ously wounded. >; The local, police, un- .deij .Sub Inspector 'Cameron,' have started /ouin.pursuit of the murderers, tnd all 'the district police have been called on to assist. W. McC, : The measurement of the tank you send to be made up repre sents 647- cubic yards. Messrs. Garnsey & Co; have several- auction sales pending -for to-morrow. Oiie is of draught and blood stock and should be well attended. . It is said that the camel can work seven or eight days without drinking; There are evidently lots of men who can drink seven or eight days without : working. J At the Wyalong police court . last week an elderly man, a selector from near Ungarie, was charged with as saulting his- daughter. He was com mitted for trial. Our Budgerabong correspondent writes : — Lambmarking is being pro ceeded with and promises to be the" best for many years past. Up to date the average is about 80 per cent. Candidates are already making their appearance in c&nnection; ' with the forthcoming Federal elections. Mr: G. F.Hutchinson announces that he will - contest the western seat, which will comprise this and surrounding towns. We regret to learn; that the man who was rescued by Mr F. ITeinke dui'ing the recent flood at Forbes has been in the hospital ever since. He is suffering from the effects of his sub mersion. and his condition is said- to he T_ very critical.— yimes. From visitors (to the show we learn that wheat crops in the district are promising well, although put in late.; Good lambing percentages are reported, and the wool clip will be of good quality; The prospects of the settlers are described as being the best for seven years. The Hillston Quarter Sessions were held last week before Judge Heydon. Mr. Harris was /Crown Prosecutor. There was only one criminal case., John Johnston, alias Moolbong, plead ed guilty to a charge of inflicting greivous bodily harm on his wife, and was sentenced to three months' im prisonment. Several unim pot taut Dis trict Court cases were dealt with. Gur Budgerabong correspondent, : under date of 18th .instant, writes : — - The weather, though fine, is very cold, attributablo no doubt; to 'the presence A of sundry icebergs ; in the vicinity, the relics of the snow storm. Some records in the way of snow- balls have been put up, ' weighing considerably over a ' hundredweight, and bodily defying all Old Sol's efforts to melt them. The Sydney Wool Brokers' Associa tion reports.: — There has been a little private inquiry during, the ! week and some few parcels have . changed hands at satisfactory prices. The chief inter est in tlie trade is centred in the current London saes, latest cablegrams denot- ing that the market , 'has a hardening tendency and tjmt good wools have ad-:.. vanced about 5 per cent on the; opening . sales. The date of the next local aucr tions has not yet been fixed. 