ME LEAVENWORTH ?''.??.. CASE. ?? ??. ? . . ? ? »— -?? ? ?» ?'?'?'??? - XXXII— (Continued.) ' ' ^Wrbh'out a bridal,' I murmured, tak 'ing her passionately into any embrace. ,'. '» She was not insensible to my emcr tion. Neatling close to me, she gave herself up foi*. one wild moment to a genuine burst of tears, saying between ?'?;aer sobs all manner of tender things,, telling me how .she loved : me, and how I was the only one in the world to /'whom she dare come on this her wed kding night for comfort and congratula tion, and of how frightened she felt nqw .'it was. -all over, as if with her name ? she .had parted with something of ines timable value. 'And does not the itjhauglvfc that' you have made someone the proudest .of men solace you?' I, asked, more .than dismayed at this failure of mine to' make these lovers happy. . . . 'I don't know,' she sobbed. .'What satisfaction can it be for him to feel him self tied for life to a girl who sooner than' lose a prospective -fortune subjeot :e'd h^ to such a parting. ' ?-???. 'Tell me about it,' said I. . ; , (But she .was not in the mood at that .'?' m'oment. Tihe excitement of the day Wad been too much for her, A'thou^ fl and feaits seemed to beset her mind. \- Crouching down on the stool at my feet, she sat with her hands folded and a -glare on her face that lent an aspect ?of strange unreality to her brilliant at tire. 'How. shall. I keep it ??secret?. The thought haunts me .every moment.; .how can I keep it secret!' \ . 'Why, is there any danger of iss feting known?' I inquired. -'Were you seen or followed1?' ' 'No,' she murmured. : 'It all went off well, but ? -' / 'Where is. the. danger/ then?' !.... . ' 'I cannot say; but some deeds are ?like ghosts. They will not be laid; they reappear; they gibber; they make themselves known, whether we will or mot. . I did not think of this before. I .was mad, reckless, what you will. But ever since the night has come, I have ?felt it .crushing upon me like a ,pall that smothers life .and youtih-and love out of my heart. WMle the sunlight remain ed I could endure it, but now— Oh, Auntie. I have done something that will keep me in constaut fear., I have allied myself to a' living apprehension. I have destroyed my happiness.' ' I was too aghast to speak. ?; 'I have tried to play gaiety for two ?hours. I have stood up in the parlors below, dressed in my bridal white and crowned with my wreath of roses, mak ing believe to myself thalt I was receiv ing wedding-guests, and that every com pliment bestowed upon, me— and they ?were only too numerous— were just so . many congratulations upon my ?'-? mar riage. But it wais no use; Eleanore iknew it was no use. She has gone to her room to 'pray, while I— I have come -we for the first time, perhaps for the last, to fall at someone's feet and cry, 'God have mercy upon me!'' V I looked, at her in . uncontrollable emotion. 'Oh, Mary,' said I, 'have I only succeeded, then, in making you miserable?' / She did not answer, she was engaged in picking up the crown of roses which had fallen from her hair to the floor. 'If I had not been taugtt- to love money so!'~.sihe said at length. ''If, like Eleanore, I could look upon the splendor which has been ours from child hood as » mere accessory of life, easy to be .dropped .at the 'call of duty or affec tion!' If prestige, adulation, and ele gant belongings were not so much to me, or love, friendship, and domestic happiness more! If only I could walk a step without dragging tihe chain of a thousand luxurious belongings after me! Eleanore can. L'ordly as she is in her beautiful womanhood, haughty as she can be when -&\Q delicate quick of her personality is touched too rudely, I have known her to sit by the hour in a low, ohilly, ill-lighted and ill-!smelling garret, cradling a dirty child on her knee, and feeding with her own hand an impatient old woman, whom no one .else would consent to touch. ' Oh, oh, they can talk about repentance anda ?change of heart! If someone or some thing would only .change mine! But there is no hope of that! no hope of my ever being anything else than what I am, a selfish, wiljful, mercernary girl.' Nor was this mood a mere transitory one. That same nigh't she made a dis covery which increased her .apprehen sion almost to terror. This was nothing less than the fact that . Eleanore hlad been keeping a di'aiy of the last few weeks. 'Oh,' ,she cried in .relating this t6,me the nest'day, 'what security shall I ever feel ,as long as this diary .of hers Temtains to confront me every time I go into her room. And she will not consent to destroy it, though -I have done my be3t«to sJhow her that sfc is a betrayal of the trust ;I reposed in her. She says that it ds all there is to show her .reasons for doing .'as she has, and ?that witlhout. it she would lack means of defence, if uncle should ever accuse her of treadheiy to him 'and his happi ness. She promises to keep i't locked up, .but .wfliat good will titiait do! A thousand .accidents anight happen, any of them sufficient to throw it into uncle's hands. I shall never feel safe for a moment while ito exists.' ?I endeavored to calm her .by saying that if Eleanore was without m)alio«, *suoh fears were groundless. But she would .not ibe comforted, and seeing her so wrougiht.up, I suggested tih'at she should ,ask Eleanore .to daliver it into my keeping till such -thne as she should feel the necessity of using it. The idea atruck (Mary favorably. '0h3 yes/'crled ahe,- 'and J will put my certificate with it, and so get rid o'f all my care at once.'-' And before the afternoon was over ishe had- iseen Eleanore iand made her request. (To be continued.) 