TO THE EDITOR OF "THE AUSTRALASIAN INSURANCE AND BANKING RECORD." Sir,—Will you be good enough to accept my sincere thanks for— (1) Your liberality in deroting so much space—nearly three pages—,0 a criticism (so-called) of our flourishing order. (2) Your kindness in widely publishing the fact that "The Independent Order of Foresters offers to furnish benefits of a wider and more Taried nature than is attempted by the Australian, American, or British" life ■Msurance 6ocitties" doing business in Australia. (3) Your goodness in giving a list of those benefits, and in spechlly pointing; out how greatly they txcced those of ordinary life societies. (■i) Your fairness in calling particular attention to the very important and fapoinnt ing fact that in the case of the I.O.F, only : o per cent, of premiums is taken for I expenses. (5) Your magnanimity in admitting that statistics provo that tho membership of the I.O.F. is already of vast dimensions j and (fi) Announcing that the I 0.F. is duly registered, and therefore legally qualified to do business in Australasia. For all there things I am truly grateful unto you. But there is yet something more for which I have to thank you,—your undisguised dislike of, and determined opposition to the Independent Order of Foresters. This may seem somewhat stranpe, but experience teaches that the I.O.F. is greatly helped by the injudicious attacks of journals represent ing the old-line companies. They hare ever been the best advsrtisers of the remarkable cheapness of life assurance as provided by the I.O.F. With, on the one hand, journals lite yours crying out- that the I.O.F. is giving too much for too little, and, on the other, the fact that the I.O.F. is continuing gaily in that course, yet without meeting any of the troubles foreshadowed by you, is it any wonder that the people flock to secure their shares in the benefits which the I.O.F. is so cheaply dispensing; lively ume a good thing comes up for discussion its virtn-s become better known. I shall, therefore, be greatly obliged to you if you will heartily continue your fault-finding on the score of our cheapness. Our balance sheets show how well we can keep it up. All we need is that the opposition thall help as to provide cheap insurance by their cheap advertising. The public, not being fetteral by old-school idea9 of assurance, can very readily believe in a sosiety which, after twenty years of paying claims, can show that it is meeting all payments with the greatest ease, and, in spite of its objections to reserves, cannot help ita funds accumulat ing. My object in replying to your "article is twofold : First, that I may provoke your continued opposition, and, second, that the few who may yet be tinged with the old notions may he helped to escape the thraldom. You may, perhaps, wanVsome evidence of the value of your opposilon. If s«, one instance will, doubtless, satisfy you. That instance you will find in the Citizens' Life Company. You will remember how you treated that company in its initial stages, when you thought it most needed your assist ance, and, of course, you know how you treat it now that it success is so pronounced. How do you feel now when you hold out your hand for the Uiiisens' cash in payment for your page advertisements 1 What change has the Citizens' made in ;its principles or methods that you can now approve what you once ignored 2 And, may 1 ask, of what has the I.O.F. been guilty that younowiu>. TJnxiousTo^liave'wefr 'represeafed'-Jn^nlr' adveritsing pages ? Were you really willing to advertise that which you believed to b •. unsound 1 Or, do you consider ray refusal to advertise in the Rccord a sufficient proof of the unsoundness of the I.O.F.? Perhaps you bad no ideaa at all on the question, but merely allowed someone to fix you up with a few: how say you ? These are awkward question3, but I think you should try to answer them. The discipline will do you goad by "showing you the commercial im morality of opening your advertising columns to an institution wliicb, under certain cir cumstances. you might feel called upon to condemn. I have heard of insurance journals that deliberate'y run down institutions which decline to purchase their support with cash ostensibly paid for advertisements, and, though I believe the Rccoitl to be above that kind of thing, 1 am wondering what differ ence it would have made in your article had I allowed myself to be persuaded to advertise liberally with you. It is truly awful to to think that for a consideration you might have been able'so far to forget your duty to Australasia as to allow the people to go un warned of the great danger with which yon now pretend to believe they are threatened. But what is this danger? Come, let us reason together, and cnde;.v .ur to get at the bottom of it. But first, let me digress a little to give you much needed instruction on the arrangement of articles, and to point out to you a few glaring literary bungle?. You have been attempting to teach me ipy business; I may surely without offence attempt to teach you a litttle of yours. You will notice that you may b^gin ypur article with a few statements of fact about the I G.F. These yon have divided into two paragraphs, yet, inBtead of beginning a third paragraph with your ojra remark?, you very ignorantly tack them on the aforesaid state ments. Even a printer's apprentice should know better than that, though there may be some excuse for this "tacking on"in the fact that the beginning of your criticism is too weak to stand alone. You say, "faking as the basis .... we find," etc. Can you tell me why you need take anything at all as b basis to "find" all that you go on to dis cover f The time to take yo.yr "basis'' after you had discover all that. Your next bungle is in declaring .condition No. 8 (that the I.G.F. allows Iw surrender value) to le'a benefit" -"that Hip ordinary whole-life policies of the life assurance companies already carrying on busipest here provide," which is a declaration that these companies "do not pay surrender Values under any circumstances." Such a state ment may suit the purposes of your crgu raent, bat It lacks the essential element of truth. The ordinary companies that support you so handsomely have a strong claim on you for better treatment than that. In the caBe of the I.O.F. the benefit consists in the premium of assured not being loaded to pro vide for the payment of a surrender value, which is in striking contrast to the system of the old-line companies, whose premiums " largely exceed those tabulated by (he Independent Order of Foresters." because heavily loaded to provide bonuses and a re I fund on surrender of policy. Having made so lucid a start, you set your self the task of determining whether the premiums of the I.O.F. are sufficient for the provision of benefit No. 1; but, after an interpolated "chat" about that "thorn in your side," our little 5 per cent, for expenses, you re-state your qaestioa, and this time you parenthetically introduce benefit No. 5, to which you give much prominence as you proceed The next supremely clever thing you do is one of which I do not doubt yon will be ashamed whep yojj comprehend the error you perpefrato. 4boat the tpifidlg of the lixth column you say, " We have stjll further asiumed that no man withdraws from the society for any reason other than death, and, consequently, we have conceded the point that no surrender values are paid," Is It not absolutely necessary, in order to concede that point, that you must allow for an average number of lapses f How can you possibly concede that point while you deny us the profit on a single lapse ? Are you not very rash in attempting to criticfie a •on cern so intricate us a Life Assurance Society, seting that yoa are capable of such a hope less muddling of the issues f How dare you pose as a leader of financal thought, attempt ing to warn bankers and other financiers of approaching danger ? Were the institutions whose interests yon pretend to conserve, managed by men capable of such ignorance as yon display, bankruptcy would be their legitimate inheritance. At the top of the seventh column you oiake a tangle for yourself and ingloriouBly fall into'it by declaring, first, that "the result arrived at by traoinz ont the, probable history o£ a group of lives joining at nn individual age is merely a sample of whit will take place to a greater or less degree for any other age at entry and then that " from a section thus analysed, we can form a perfectly reliable conclusion as to the general result of the operations of (he society as a whole." f should indeed be very astonished to hear of your having arrived at " a perfectly reliable conclusion " .based upon data only seen by manufacturing a " prob able history," and which is claimed to be correct only " to a greater or less degree." It is painful for me to call attention to your lamentable ignorance of the Bubjactg on which you persume to dilate, but you have brought it upon yourself by your rashness in attempting to criticise nn institution whose special features as a fraternal body giving life assurance at a cnat. price, and therefore free from the impelling motive of profit-making common to all ordinary life insurance societies you have failed to comprehend—an institution which is rapidly ' spreading its protective wingB all over the world—an institution which in the last quarter of last year wrote more new business than was written by the A.M.I', in the whole year—an institution whose business for the first half of this year beats that of the corresponding period of last year by over »0 per cent..—nn institution which has a quarter of a cenluiy's experience to set against your absurd theorising—.in in stitution which is making friends all over the world by its easy and prompt payment of claimB to the extent of a thousand pounds sterling for every working day in the year —an institution oflicered by nn executive whose knowledge of life assurance clearly surpasses that of their critics—nil in stitution which—but you will rightly object that this is not Argument, for, ns I am well aware, proving your ignorance does not necessarily prove tho soundness of thel.O.F., any more than my refusal to ndvertiss with you proves its unsoundness. To prove your inoompetcnce as a judge was the simplest way of proving the worthlessness of your criticism ; but, having done that, I must now take advantage of your space to show that the I.O.F. really is what von would fain believe it were not—a thoroughly safe and sound life insurance society. As is very evident from the whole Conor of your remarks, you rely for support on those " 89,8(55 men aged thirty." Let me show you on what a broken reed you lean. Those ninety thousand men, or thereabouts, havo been slain in many a battle royal—like theatrical troops, who, though slain and carried off from one side of tiic stage, reap* pear by the other side—a grand make-be lieve. When I last saw them buried I inno cently thought that even tbiir ghosts had been destroyed, but you amusingly trot them out again just as if they had never been pulverised and scattered lo the four windB —just- as if you had never heard of such a thing ns "favourable mortality experience,'' or " special care in the selection of lives," or profit from lapses." Let me quote for your instruction the summarised experience of the A.M.P. for fifty years, that you may see how admirably it proves the absurdity of that silly theory about every living one of the " 89,805 men aged thirty " continuing their assurance till aged 70 and over. Instead of 89,805 policies bein<r issued, the A.M.P. in fifty years .issued 250,074. Of these 107,510 were, c;from all causes" ter minated. These 107,540 politics represented a total assurance (face v.ilue of policies) of £80,379,873. According.to your silly theory this sum of £30,379,S73, plus bonuses, ought to appear as having teen paid ns deatn and maturity claims. In place o£ this, what do we find? That the actual payments for death and maturity claim?, with bon'is additions, amounted to only £9,803 911,—not much more than one fourth of the face value. In view of the heavy bonuses paid the A.M.P. you will not dare to offend that society by asserting that this represents a persistence greater than, say, one in six. Thus you will see that the difference of £26,575,961 of assurance, vanished otherwise th*n by claims from death and manurity, was therefore not persistent. In point of fact all the A.M.P. sets down against this £26,575,961 is the sum of £3,591,317 paid out for surrenders. These facta should be suffici ent to convince you of the absurdity of the' persistent theory ; but I will now show you what is another greut source of gain to our ! lwcelT"tire''~cxpectc,d!'"rteatllr-acc6"trfrti'g'afo'' recognised actuarial tables aud the actual mortality experien"e. As the figures of the A.M.P. on this point might be met by you with the objection that favourable mortality experience is mainly confined to Australasia, I anticipate that ob jeetion by, giving you a few figures concern ing an office in another part of the world. From the 1896 Report of the " Clergy Mutual Assurance Society" (lingland), I ex tract the following:— " Mortality Experience.—The mortality experienced among the members during the five years has followed a very favourable course, the actual claims by death being only 70 per cent of the amount expected according to the Institute of Actuaries Ilm. Table, although a very large proportion of the lives at risk were of advanced age. A clrarer view of the character of the experi ence will bs gained by examination of the following comparison of the actual claims with the expected claims by the Hm. Table, in groups of ages:— JSi? Under 25 25 to 31 ?5 to 44 tr, to r,j 55 to 1)4 (Jij to 74 j~f to Sjf 85 and opwapjs Under 5$ 55 and over •so D >, : £500 £2,69S 11,472 34,281 52,103 100,267 95,582 168,046 174,GOO 231,5,Q3 2(f5,28Q 395,(j07 &2U.658 12,1,!)21 115,83^ £15^57 £305,292 893,53^ 1,180,104 All Ages £1,053,192 £}~49l,~39G £700 " It is thus seen that whereas the amount expected to be paid on death was £1.491,390, the actual claims only amounted to £1.053,192, thus sh.pwing a difference of £438j20f in favour of the society/' As you may he aware, thc expectation of dentfj of selected lives at an age of 3ij yeara is, according tft the Actuaries' Tables, 3.77 per thousand. The following tablp will serve to show you how handsomely within ttyat cfpcctatipn is the experience of the I.O.p. iptyose ipembefs average that age ; - IjlORJAJATX EXPERIENCE OS THE LAST :' NfNETEEN' YEARS OF T^E ORDER'S HISTORY. Tbe de Uirrate w]|ich the Qrder hns cx perienncd is unusually favourable, as the following rocord of the last. poat.-lQ-yoiirs. amply demonstrates i— Death Tear. Death Death Year. rate per rate per Year. rote per 1000. 1000. 1000. 1881 4.50 188} 6.43 1895 5.67 1882 11.00 1889 5.85 1896 5.50 1883 4.73 1890 5.18 1897 5.56 1884 4.23 1891 6.40 1898 5 67 1885 7.76 1892 625 1899 6.30 1886 4.85 1893 5.47 1887 5.78 1894 .5,7 Now, Mr Editor, it you will make your calculations again, and this time in the liylit. of the above facts, you will not be able to find the deficit of six or seven millions of which you now talk ro glibly. It is our boast, not that we shall not be called upon to fulfil our contract?, as you say, but that we shall not be called upon to fulfil them according to the expectation indicated by the tables on which your calculations are based. Can you not see that our mortality experience: "pjrojres that one-fhijd of those who are expected to die live, and cpntinue to pay premiums ? This/view of the matter hai either nop struck yoa or you have ignored it, and ypt this difference alone is sufficient to entirely obliterate your assumed deficit. Now let us sound this wonderful discovery of yonrs, that should the assessment prinoiple be needed by the I.O.P., it will not be available. This also you base on the pretty theory of a society composed of men all one age, and age 70 at that. Is it worth while answering anything so idiotic ? Of course, the same question might be well asked of the whole article, but as you considered it worthy of your space, I suppose I must consider its answer worthy of my time, To begin with,' having regard to the known facts circling round all well- managed insu rance companies' experience, and our own experience, we. are justified in believing that no assessment will ever be needed ; but with a view of giving ill'! bat guinint: that every claim <wijl- be mot, the members of the Order hive placed power in the hands o£ thoir Executive Officers, and when doing 90 havo defined under what circumstances the Executive could exercise their power to order an assessment. Our Constitution reads as follows :—" Whenever and so often, as tho available benefit funds in the Mortuary Benefit Department , . . shall become, reduced to less than the total amount of benefit claims duly passed by the Executive Council . . . within the then preceding GO days, tho Executive Council shrill order an extra premium, etc." The Mortuary Benefit Fund on lait day of June stood at £838,581, and this accumula tion of funds remains after all claims ,bavo been met. Hitherto 65 per cent of our low premiums have been sufficient to pay all claims, and before any assessment can be needed, you have to find the I O.K. with an enormously increased death-rate. There i» no justification for the assumption that thiB will follow. Further, before an assessment can be made every penny of this £838,581 must have been used to supplement our premium income in the payment of claimB. In the face of nil this, where is the danger of our young lives running away from the fear of an npsessnient? Whitlur would they run? Can yon imagine them running away from a soeicty like the l.O.F. to others whose expenses arc from five to ten times al ereat I Can you not see that even if it should be brought home to members of the t.O.F. tl.at their payments are a trifle too light to provide without assessment for the benefits promised, they would have the sense to see how much wiser it would be to increase those rates up to the cost price of the assur ance (which is all our members can be asked to pay), than to run away to another society where a large portion of tho incronsod p«y "mcnt which tiicy would be callcl upon to make by these societies would be wasted on expenses ? As you are bo very anxious about the safety of the I.O.F., and the well-being of the thousands of Australasians who arc about to join it, will you be good enough to inform a thirsting world by how much the rates should be iucreaacd m order to make the society thoroughly sound in your opinion? It would be interesting to know what in crc'ise would, in jour opinion, be sufBcie.it to rid us and you of all drrad of the neces sity for any assessment. 13b careful not to put it on too stiff, or you will be bordering on the rates out o£ which the A.M.P. has paid such astonishing bonuses and five times as much in expenses as the I.O.P., and you must be quite sure not to suggest any close approach lo the tariff of tfit Australian Widows, for that flourishing society hope* to pay big bonuses, and its expanse ratio is just | about ten times as great as that, of th« I.O.F. This is a nice little task that I am setting you, Mr. Editor, and 1 hope you will prove yourself a man by not shirking it. You will have all your pet supporters down on you, of course, for if you make a fair allowance for the vast difference in our expenses, you will be obliged to suggest rates S3 much be low those of your pet supporters that you will have to confess your total and hopeless failure to prove that the ordinary life offices can offer anything like such splendid returns for the premiums collected as are being daily made by the I.O.I"". Mark my words, Mr Editor, you will bitterly regiet that " fools rush where angels fear to tread" if you attempt to say what you think would in your opinion bo an adequate increase in the rates now charged by the I.O.F. And yet you must make that attempt or admit what is already much too plain, that you have been influenced by no genuine desire to be of service to the asstrrin'' public of Austra laaiii. -Yours respectfully. JAilES MARSHALL S.D.S.C.E. 