UUU NOTES, Br TIIKODOMAS. TUB spirit of compromise is dead—tlmt is so far as some of tlie promiii«ni. freelradera in this colony are cmicernri. The uufurling of the freetradc iianner ai the Sydney Town Hall on Monday evening was rather an imposing piece of business, and : gave Mr. Reid aD opportunity of gathering once more under his wing many politicians who have fur some time past been renegades to the fold. Sume such gentlemen occupied their rightful positions, : but it was somewhat curious to nute that among ; them were men who sailed into the present Parliament with the assistance of Mr. Barton, while j I some are still anient supporters of the Lyne 1 Administration in state politics. The policy put ' forth by Mr. Reid to be followed in connection { with the federal elections was that of war to the ! knife. He aud hie colleagues intend to fight the ! bitter feud of fiscalism for all it is wcrtb, until i either bis party or that of his opponents sinks, to ] its knees and practically gives up the ghost. Reading the speeches delivered on the occasion referred to must confirm the opinion in the miodB of all moderate men, that tbe policy foreshadowed by the Barton-Wise combination is undoubtedly the right course to adopt at the advent of our national life. Their desire is that tbe friends of union from each of the several federating colonies shall meet together and formulate a fiscal tariff which will be acceptable to the whole of the people of Australia. On the other hand, Mr. Reid's desire is to meet the representatives of tbe other colonies in a deadly struggle trom the outset, and so endeavour to bring about disruption rather than union. Had the tactics which are now being displayed been made manifest at the time when Australians were seeking to be drawn closer together by the means of federation, there is not the slightest doubt that the present condition of things would never have been accomplished. With so much bitter feeling rampant, Victoria would never have taken New South Wales by the hand as sbe did, nor would the smaller states have been willing to join in a uniou of hostilities rather than of brotherhood. The latter may have been coerced into such a union, but there would have been no chance for coercion, because the two more important states would have liven at deadly enemity. No. The present is no time for strife. We are launching our bnrqne on tbe sea of nationhood, and we want none but skilled hands to conduct the operation. We don't want mutiny and strife among the crew elscted to guide the federal ship in its trial "run," And that is simply what the result will be if too much heed is paid to the policy now being enunciated by Mr. Reid. Under the uther banner freetraders and protectionists ar» meeting on common ground and working together to secure the election of men whose sole desire is to see the federal organization safely launched, rather than see it wrecked ieforp it reaches the deep waters of national life. It is a pity for New South Wales that Mr. Reid should have elected to pursue the tactics which he is now following, for, while it will in nowise affect the result of this colony's representation in the Federal Legislature, it will tend to make compromise infinitely more difficult for those wbo are chosen by us to become our representatives. What the people of New So nth"-Wales require at this, the most important juncture in the history of Australia, is not that they should be represented by either protectionists or freetraders, but by the most capahle men the colony can produce irrespective of fiscal creed and party politics. The occasion is of such supreme importance that fiscal strife should be put altogether on one side, and a man's sole qualification should be his proved ability to take part in such an event as tbe founding of our national history. Mr. Bar'on and Mr. Reid should be the first among tbe number, and the other memhers should be the brightest politicians which the colony can produce irrespective altogether of fiscal or party feeling. PERSONALLY I am a protectionist—one of those who joined in tile compromise of seeking alike intercolonial fneetradc and protection against the outside world. Now, at the meeting on Monday evening it was left for Mr. Bruce Smith to remind Mr. Reid of that spirit of compromise which should be engendered in the first meeting of the representatives of the different states. -There wuno compromise about tbe leader of the Opposition in the New South Wale6 Assemhly, however; he wanted "fight," "all fight," and "nothing but fight," a fact which clearly demonstrated that Mr. Smith was altogether out «f hia element. He is a freetrader, so is Mr. Wise—and his place should have been alongside tbe Attorney-General urging the people to elect men who would enter into the contract with the other colonies in a friendly rather than an antagonistic spirit. Talking of the revenue to be derived from tbe Customs—the soorce from whence tbe bulk ot our federal revenue must come—it is rat.her amusing to hear tbe arguments put forth in favour of a revenue tariff as againet a protective duty. By tbe Reid party the former is not styled as a tax, though tbe latter is. The people have to pay in each case, so that tbe tax on their pockets is there no matter under what name it exists. But there is a difference between a revenue tariff and a protectionist policy, and it is this—the former encourages foreign' industry at the expense of local manufacture, while the Utter encourages home industry at tbe expense of foreign manufacture. That is the differenoe in the result so far as the country is concerned— simply the building up of foreign factories which are paid for by the people who are fools enough to import their goods and-keep their own people in comparative idleness. So far ac tbe consumers are concerned the difference is nil. If a million of money is required it does not matter much to the people whether they pay it as a revenue tariff or a protectionist duty. The million jg collected from their pockets all the same—excepting that under the former we pay duty indiscriminately on all imports, while under the latter duty is only levied ou articles which can be manufactuted in the country. But for tho present fiscalism iB dead. It should not enter into the strife with regard to the coming elections. If Mr. Reid or any other litician stood lor,tbe^electorate in which I was domiciled, I should certainly feel in duty hound to record my vote in his tavuu» rather than for a second-rate politician, on the grounds of his fiscal faith. It is men and not party politics which Australia is in need of to-day. Our fiscal law will come all right in due course, but they are as nothing compared to the all important work.of launching tbe federal ebip—a work which will be entrusted to tbe first Parliament of theCommon wealth. Aud the people of New Sooth Wales for the most part , see the supreme importance of the vote which they will so soon be asked to cast. May they follow tbe dictates' of freedom and that consciousness bf right yMph Will cause them to turn a deaf earib pirty^^af^ luid return only those who are fitted to take lit p)alie ^n the front ranke of the politicians wboyi^tb Jaj the very foundation stone 1 of; i'ow^^^opu' structure, . , ,, THERE IS no Jonger roopj ior any 'fitness bf "Mr,' Chamberlain 'to preside ww.'tw British Colonial OtBoe, and bis latest speech id Use House af Commons_fproclairii8 him as M^he infln for the situation." - The clear-cnt poJioy-wbich b enunciated, with reference to tlie affairs of the Empire in South Africa has drawn frpm tbe press of tJrcat Britain the verdiot that it was "a national speech of a national statesman," while the overwhelming vote in favour of the adoption of the Address-in-Reply showed that the idirect representatives of tbe .people were thoroughly in aooord with the proposals of the Government in connection witb its dealings with South Africa. It was only tb-be expeeted "that aome individuals would artot^b 0 would plead, for the Boers that tbey flhoulnlbe given their entire political freedom, but while thbiOovermnent does not think of taking auy'eucb foolhardy step, its policy will "be one of rpconcilittion and humanity. Sir Alfred Milner, as a reward for his excellent services during the early jiAft of the-campaign, and even (throughout tbe entire atruggle, is tobe made .Governor of the two new colonies, while additional assistance will be gained by th« appointment of a-Lieutenant Governor. But instead of giving ,political -freedom to the defeated Trunsvaalera and Free S&tera;, the British Government proposes to grant them oiyio freedom in the shape of munioipal government, which it is hoped will be inaugurated by February next year. Added to this, it u even intended that the Boer officials will , he .given, appointment*, so long as they are loyal and where suoharsondition of things is at til.r practicable. Bveb the machinery of the defunct Qrang« Free State Government .will he used ior bringing about the new era in the Orange River Colony. The appointment of Boer officials i» a move which should to a certain extent ' guarantee the loyalty of the balk of the people, t for sucb offirials will only l« retained in office so 1 long as those over whom they have any power re- 1 main true to the trust which is being reposed in them. IT would lie nothing short of arrant folly to dream of treating th« Boer people jnst as (hough no war or conquest, had ever taken place, for Great j Britain has had sufficient experience of the slippery J nature of the people of both the defunct republics. But while they will not be trusted too far, the I policy to be carried out is purely one of concilia- ! tion, a very Watchful eye being kept on the general trend of affairs. Tiiusi the freedom or otherwise of the Boers will be completely in their own hands, Everything depends on their own conduot. But by far tbe greatest trouble seems to come frotn the Dutch population in Cape Colony. The immoderate and treasonable speeches delivered by some members of the recent Afrikander Bund Congress is sufficient to show that a feeling of hatred towards Great Britain is rampant even among some who have sworn the oath of allegiance as members of the Cape Parliament. These are the people who did not take part in the war. Many of them would dearly ha vie loved to have done ao, but, dare not. The people who have been defeated are naturally tired of the whole affair, and would be glad to live at peace under British rule. These other people were itching for war, and their itch has not been removed by the administration of a druhbing, as is the case with the Boers, The dangAr to a very large extent lies with them. For that simple reason the new appointment of Sir Alfred Milner will give^satistaction to tbe English people all the world over. He it was who kept tbe Cape Dutch in check; he it was who compelled Schreiner to appear as a loyal citizen with the interests of Great Britain at heart; atid he it is the people of the Empire bave to thank that no rising of the Cape Dutch took place during the early stages of tbe war. As Chamberlain is fitted for the control of thi Colonial Office, BO Milner is equally fitt«d for the high administrative duties which are necessary in controlling the people of the recently acquired colonies. The people will trust him ; whether the Boers are fit to bv trusted remains yet to be seen, but it is certain that Great Britain will not give them their political freedom until tbey are fit to be trusted. 