THE SPIRITS III PRISON. A TKMriCUAXCH S <n>* Uasll Wllberforee, D.D., canon ot Wustinlnstor.) I I'lvm-liod In WrstmiiiFler Abln’.v, Sini 1 day. I'Hb >1 inn*, in i,nnn'H,.lnn with tlm World’s Teniporaiii’i! <*onsross. [Aliiltlgi'd.] ••!!.» <rmt ami iimn-lnsl to tlm ..spirits In prl Ami “as l?c Is sn are we In this world, ’ nays St. John, Much Ingenuity hns been expended by the representalives of cer tain phases of Iheifiogioal thought in the vain endeavor to explain this glorimi:* Incident away. When they miccerrt In arguing the sun nut »>f the heavens they will succeed in eliminating fnnn the hearts and hopes of men the glorious lesson of this Incident. It :» direct, intelligible, historical, con clusive. It appeals to the best and deep est im-tmets of man's hotter nature, and, moreover, it Is (Uni- Inspired; and as such it is a revelation of the justice and mercy and tenderness of the I’nlversa! Parent. There Is not him: in fact or fiction that compares In wonder and in interest with the glorious unveil Ini; of the unseen world, the picture of Al mighty Tjovo Incarnate entering the prison-house of disembodied spirits, and there, surrounded by the ghosts of men and women drowned In the dood, pro <:la!mhijf the charter of man’s salvation and restitution — **r am lie that Uveth and was dead, and behuld. 1 am alive for evermore, a ml I have the keys of death and of Hades.” Now, the heml and life of this great solemn fart, this tfoul-ootnfovtltnv revelation of the des cent of the <*hdst Into Hades is. to a .vrlulti extent, dependent upon the clear •recognition of the Incarnation In Its lmltde aspect, ns n revelation of Oort to tnan, anrt the interpretation of man to Mmsdf. In the first, aspect Jesus was the inter preter of find, ami, therefore. His aet'ous are revelations of permanent attitudes of the mind of Oort. He war, the Mani fest or of the moral character of the In finite Originator. and this not partially or imperfectly, hut in completeness. So that when the Apostle declared, “In Him rtwclleth all the fulness of the Clod heart bodily,” It is as though he had said that all the nature of the Universal Soul that can bo expressed to and received by men, all the sweet reasonableness that there is In God has uttered itself, em bodied itself in the Divine* Man. And .now you know, if yon are believers, that the universal diffusion of the Divine Person in whom you live and move and have your being is not a formless force like electricity, or a boundless abstrac tion like your idea of space, or n far distant awful throne in the skies, but an all'inclusive Being, loving with an ever Jostlnr love, closer to Him than breath Ini?, whose character is the character of Jesus — that the* God whom tradition has taught you to praise and tremble before is such a one as Jesus. When He says to us absolutely, without limitation or reserve. ‘‘lie that hath seen Me hath seen the Father,” there is no metaphy sical confusion, no denial of the absolute purity of the Godhead, nor is there when on Trinity Sunday I pour forth my an them of adoration to Jesus as the Al mighty, and say. “Thou only art holy. Thou only art the Lord, Thou only, O Christ, with the Holy Ghost, art most high in the glory of God the Father. SLANDERS AGAINST GOD. v Now, It seems to me that one and the first Inevitable consequences of the reve lation of the moral character of the Uni versal Soul is the complete obliteration nf the degrading phantom of the Al mighty torturer. The modlicvnl doc trines of corrupt Latinism, the brilliant but lurid imagination of a Dante, arc recognised In the light of the Jphuh revelalion of God as man-made slanders against the Infinite Love and Reason, in whom we live and move and have our being. The terrible ordeal of the second death, to which in justice and mercy self-degraded and impenitent natures must be doomed, as were thpse who sin ned at the time of the Flood, i» seen to be the beneficent Divine procedure whereby illimitable Love changes death into life, where God unmakes that He may'remake the soul, and Hades Js seen to he the eternal process moving on— Krozn Htatc to state the spirit walks, And these are hut the flattered stalks Or ruined chrysaha of man. To accept the Jesus-revelation of God is to believe in the infinite resources and endless chun gel ess ness of responsible love; it is to be convinced that there are no depths*into which I-IIs love will jfot go in searching for His lost; It is to be convinced that— The sun v/tll pierce The thickest cloud ever stretched, That after last returns tho first. Though a wide compass round be fetched; What began beat cannot end worst, ' Nor what God once blessed prove accurst. And I ask you to acknowledge this transcendent incident of the missionary descent of Christ into Hades recorded by St. Peter, endorsed with all the au thority of inspiration, the soul-living optimism of Browning, for it describes verily and literally, with an accuracy no to detail from which there Is no escape, the Sun of Righteousness, the mis sionary activity of the Universal Soul piercing one of the thickest cloudB earth ever stretched, that cloud of doubt, of mystery, of terror, which hangs like , a I funeral pull over the future and the in finite in the world beyond the grave. To those who apprehend, eo far as tho human intelligence can apprehend, the absolute identity of Jesus.with the Uni versal Soul,it represents the Infinite Ori ginator, the Creator embodied in Jesus, releasing the souls of rpen undergoing the remedial discipline of the unseen world from the agonising sense of dereliction, from the age-long misery, by -revealing to them the truth which alone can saves the soul in the midst of the tangled prob lems by which It Is surrounded here, namely, the essential and unalterable anrt Irrevocable inseverablllty of God and THE IMMANENCE OF GOD’. But I have a lesson that I desire to draw from it. In this descent into Hades we sec one of the greatest secrets . and responsibilities of our several mo* * ral natures. Jesus, as, tha,; speci men of the, race, was the'inter preter of man to hjmself, Man ia aa t great a mystery qs God—he is so com plex, such an amalgam of apparently con tradictory elements, that the hardest com i mand that may be given to man is “Know , thyeeif.” Imagination and perception : and memory and conscience and will and i inspiration perplex, and bafile us; we , want to know what we are and whence t we come, God has told us out of heaven * Itself, what wa are In the majestic din ■ closures of the Incarnation. Jesus in this l aspect in God’s picture lesson of His l ideal of our common human nature; j Jesus Js the objective manifestation of i that subjective divine snnlty which is ths r attribute and possession of humanity as i a whole, Jesus wan the climax of that r utterance of the Creating Spirit which is . imminent in the universe and incarnate in man. Jesus was tho embodiment'of > the supreme dominant foice of the un| ■ verse, of the power that animates tho * atom and controls the planet. “By Him/* saysSt.Paul to theColossians/’nl!things subsist"—tilut Is,' bold toBOther. _ Wbut uleetHi'ltv Is to tnntlor that the Im manence «.r the Word is to the universe. The soul ot the universe expres sed In nil visible thiiiBS nml» ith highest expression on this planet In limn, nml or thnt expression the pun* am! {UiTcrf mnnlu'wl of Josus L« tut* one perfect maniCcplution, But, now. murk tin* len-on I desire to draw—the In ference. The nll-lm’Iusdve power immi nent In the universe, embodied in Per fection in .Toi-us, for tin* purposes of ob servation. transcends imwmallty: H Is the possfCHsIou of the nice, and ««d*s full Christ Is net vne innn, but the multi tudinous race of man In Him. THIS HIDDEN HIFfi. Now, 1 a*U you if that Ik not the mean In;? of the sayln|?’lbnt your Hfe Is bid with Christ In Oud. Ami here lies the nuchangeableiwr-s of obeying that voice within you. To recognise that your higher life, us Marcus Aurelius piiUL is a god in exile, m\ more truly, a spark of God’s life embodied. is to ilUmnwr an ani mating- force, cupnblt* or moving your lift* Into a nobler attitude, "if any man nut the spirit of Christ he Is none of us.” and the spirit of Christ is the spirit- of manly uprightness, conscientious citizen ship, “f Mamv»t trade, of pmvonal purity, and aliove alt it is the splHi of brothcrl! ness, and the spirit or rescue. We hav< seen the activity of the spirit of riven r orercised on behalf of lost fouls in Hades, giving the He to the blasphemy of Tannin* Aquinas, who taught us that the blessed were to be rejoiced with a full sight of the punishtm nt of the dead. Hut If we have the spirit of Christ we must- remem ber that there arc damned in this world ns well op in the next; we must not wait to riveue until- we get to the o:her sole. IN THIS \VOUU>. There are spirits In prison on this side of the grave waiting r.-r a Christ t wlwnd into their Hades. And v.vint Christ? The Christ In you, the hope of glory, the spirit of the Christ who was the enthusiast of humanity, the lover of the people, the friend of the panr, tin? enufovtsr of the weary ami the heavy laden—'*’Ye mo the body of Christ and members In particu lar.” I have no Sympathy with those h.i If‘hysterical fancies which would per petuate the stupid anachronism of trans porting In Imagination the God-In habited Galilean of twenty centuries ago into a Dondon drawing-room to-day. and then twk liter. Wim would Jesus do? The ques tion for a congregation like* this Is. not, What would Jesus do? It Is. What does j the in-dwelling Spirit of tilt* Divine Son- I shl* which wa- manifested In Jesus bid \ me to du to-day while l have time? It ; bids me to realise that the Spirit of . Christ overflown the txiundnrles of Imli- : viduallnm. It convinces* me thnt the race ' is an organic whole, in which each must do for all what he alone does best. It assures me that the dignity and power of one whose life te hid with the Christ of God consists in his identification in heart and method with Christ; that when He willingly entered into the awful prawn of disobedient spirits that He might plumb the depths of their misery, He suggested that there are levels in human degradation at which rescue become* Im possible unless the rescuer will descend to the very depth*; of Hades to seek and save the lost. My subject is not r.f my own choosing. 1 am rpoaklng on bolmlf of the Nat loan! Temperance League and in connection with the World’s Temperance Congro?s now being laid In Lon don. I am perfectly well aware of the unpopu larity of the subject, and I am also absolutely indifferent to that Unpopularity. I know it is • a marked characteristic of an age of luxury to resent pin In-speaking about a notorious sin ; but men in earnest have no time to waste in wwlng fig-leaves over the naked truth. St. Paul wao n man in earn eat; he Hewed no flg Iravrs for tho naked truth; he never glossed I over with tho pencil of euphemism vices which were eating out the hearts of his converts; his I plain, unvarnished assault on deadly sins, l which lie enumerates) under the heading of tho j works of the flesh, breathes the atmosphere of refreshing candor and encourages nil Christian ministers to clear themselr'.s from the imputa tion of lukc-warrant's!). When fo-eallcd Chris tian society is ashamed of sin it will he time enough for Christian ministers to be ashamed to apeak of sin from their pulpits, and to-day I ant commission rd to speak of rln—af foul, t reach emu h, fascinating sin; a sin which is tho parent of Impurity, Infidelity, suffering, Huiclde, murder; of sin that knows no distinc tion betwepn rich and poor, men nml women, learned and ignorant; of sin that stamps its cursed label, like the brand of Cain, upon the besotted fouturcH of moil and women made in the Imago of God, advertising them before their fellow-men, saying,’"Sec, hero uro being* In whom is tho kingdom of heaven—who are predestined to be conformed to tho image of Christ—and jit Is written all over their faces that their god Is their belly ff* OUR NATIONAL SHAMR. * T do not propose to worry you with statistic? of our national shame; they have been collec ted In ghastly and overwhelming array again and again. Tho most recent, and In some respects, per hapH, tho most notable contribution, is In Messrs Rnwntrea and Sherwood’s work, which is called "The Temperance Problem and Social Reform,” which has come out In a new' and enlarged edition. They prove beyond n shadow i of doubt that misery, brutality, and crime are j prevailing to an alarming extent. The columns of tho doily papers, tho constant utterance of Judges, ministers, coroners, superintendents of ] lunatic asylums, and workhouses, accumulate | evidence that tho most direct stimulus to j crime, lunacy, and pauperism, is strong drink. Drink, says tho "Timm” in a leading article, I haflloH us, confounds us. shames us, mocks ub I at every point. It outwits alike the doctor, the man of business, the patriot, and tho legisla tor. When every other Institution flounders | in hopeless difficulties tho pubUc-housa holds its triumphant course. There Is not a vice or a disease or ft disorder or n calamity of any kind that has,not Its frequent rise In tho pub Iic-houBO. It degrades, ruins, and brutalises a largo fraction of tho British people, and the most terrlblo proofof tho extent to which this flondlsh epidemic is infecting tho main-springs of our- national life Is to be found in the ap palling fact that according to the Registrar General's report, tho deaths directly ottrlbut ;b)e to alcohol have In tho last forty years Jn nreaecd amongst women 100 per cent. TII13 RESPONSIBILITY OF CHRISTIANS, But, meanwhile—yes, meanwhile, that Ip •what I hnvn to do to-night—upon whom do you imagine rests tho deepest responsibility for tho protont state of things?;! havo not the slightest hesitation in replying Mint It rests upon those who profess and call themselves t Christians, if they understand tho meaning of . the word Christian, whoso lack of energy, zeal, and wisdom, and courage, has permitted, with out remonstrance, conditions of which tho pub lie-house trade la tho natural and the logical outcome. I do not for a moment eay that the man of tho highest religious thought has a monopoly of tho responsibility for tho bouIb of tboBo who aro perishing from strong drink. | Drunkenness Is everyone's responsibility, of I course; it impoverishes tho peoplo, increases . taxation, limits tho producing power of tho nation. It la, therefore, a question for the statesman, even if*lio bo nn Athlest. It do | terlnratcs tho race, renders Ufo leas worth liv ing by increasing its sorrows, multiplying its perils, aggravating its evils; It Ifl, therefore, a question for the philanthropist, whether be ho S Mussulman, or a Buddhist, or a Jew. nut drunkenness bars tho channels of graca be tween tho soul of tho man and tho life-giving Spirit of God; it denies the temple of tho Holy Ghost. "I tell you,” says St. Paul, “that thoy who do such things fhall not Inherit tho King, flora of God.” It is, therefore, pre- eminently a question for tlioso whose standpoint of faith Is the higher Christianity, who bellovo that God and nfeu aro elementarily Inseparable, that salvation is not tho mockery of escaping hell by a subterfuge, but tho evolution of character from tho germ., of tho Kingdom of Heaven within, unci who nro convinced that It is the whole creation, and not a. tyw favored and se lected Bpccimemv that Bhall bo delivered from the bondage of corruption. 1 WHAT INDIVIDUALS DAN DO. Now, that 1 may bo practical and definite, •what can wo do? Well, J would say first, let us In God's nnrao clear our minds from cant. Let us stop bur) cars to Urn plausible sophla tries of those v/lio would aootho us into Inac tion by Haying that this evil Is oxaggoratod— Micro Je no language known to man that, can express It, much Ipso exaggerate it, and who esanre us we can leave the |buuo to the gradual influence of education, of Increasing knowlodgu np(V refinement.', Education, knowledge, re finement! They were not wont Inf? lo Cb silts Lamb, tho poet find essayist, the filcnd of Wordsworth and Coleridge; they only added to (h-2 bitterness of bis pathetic wall. “From w!»at have I fallen If the child that I remember indeed myself.7 They cre not wanting t:» nnny vietims of the prevailing c-urw* ^nior.cst tho higher ranks of English society wh'.tc d*grada tion ami misery arc concealed frer.i public know led go hy their position in life. tiie peril of sorts. Secondly, believing that the peril of ro»ii;» ip of more importance than the Iniercrts of any particular trade, we can become, nnd v.o ought to become more aggressive. We can canxnnt ly keep the question before the rtlieo of magis trates, landowner?, nud the public. At tlinm of elect ions, whether municipal or rarlhtinonmy, we can show by our votes that v.t arc in earn <*t, and that our party feeling la t ubnrdiimt > (» national morality. Wo can mere. If we are in a position to do ro, or use otlr IRt'o :nGu?n»? to persuade others to refuse, to le;.r*» n single acre of ground for building pu;jo«pa without a stringent covenant to exclude oublit-housts. When il certain company of grocers dchlvd suddenly lost year to apply for gvocets* licenses for alt their multitude of houses, and so tn in rreuse ‘measurably the curse of secret drinking nmongst a certain class, the Eeekjla^tieal ! Cornmirsinners absolutely refused to iiIIjw a I single Hcense to be taken for ary house oti tho whole of their vast properly. Dm:titles tin ro will hr i pecuniary low, Imt idu moral gil.t will bit indescribable. Of rotirrci If you become nggrtsslve you will he freely accused of want oi d*wliy; you will he told you am crusading acral rut : ho.se v;ln mo often flod-fc;sting and phllanthropi-. ngxiist those who build cathedrals an I dwellings for ;bo wnrklng-elAEEfs and support the Churn In 'til her works. It may to some -fund fanatical ! hut I tay thn! the cathedrals had he ter cru.uMo j to the ground than he rebuilt v;ith money recking with the hlcod of tho widow r.r.rt Urn orphan, nnd that hut.for the vn«*t iiecumulaton af wealth gained by supply1r:g t-mipt alien at I vi |:inrd!nM»’profit.. the workim; classes would* I he able to build their own hciu.ws without any grandmotherly assistance. DANISH IT FROM OUH OWN USE. Hut let it be understood th*i we lmvt? no quarrel with Individuals. Tho \\\\\ rthinrra of the individual Is wholly outside the question t»t the destructivenW'fl (f the trade. General Jon bert was, I believe, an exceed‘ugly worthy In dividual, but hi* occupation was hostile to Itrl tiflh tnlt.rost, and wo did our very best to kill him. Finally, we can choose- 1 Jay R on no body ns a duty—wo eon if we chi oae, in the toco of the present distress, banish I mm our own uso that which, though perhaps II has never been nnd could never be a danger to ourselves, 1k butt* lifting, ruining, pfiu pot king, maddening,, thousands of nbr brethren In humanity. The simple, quiet nlf- denlal of pirscnal total nb str.lnrrft fs within the power of till, and I could overwhelm you with examples which have come* under my experience In the lest thirty years of tho strengthening, reforming power In every kind of society of the silent w'lucss of total ab stainers on the part of those whu never made a platform speech In their live*, and who could not sustain for flvn minutes an argument ns to the pathology of Intamperanc:*. 1 am convinced* that the marked change of dp*:ilon amongst clergymen, doctors, lawyers, and statesmen In the last 30 ycirr, is to bo attributed more to tho Influence! of the thousands of abstainers than to the arguments and statistics of reformers. Obviously you have got both the right and tho power to uso intoxicating drink if you please. David had both the right nnd the power to drink that water won for him from tho well of Hcthlebcra; hut it had been secured at the cost of blood, and he poured It on the sand. .Jp.iub had both the right end tho power to turn stones into bread In tho wilderness. Had Ho done fc*o Ho would have forfeited His Identifi cation with His brethren In huti anlty by avail ing Himself of r method of sustenance beyond their reach. He had both the right and tho power to deaden the pains of the crucifixion by the use of the anodyne of alcohol and man dr agora offered to Him. He used His liberty In refusing, that He might hove fellowship with, humanity In their sufferings. LOVE DEAIfS THE CROSS. I have the right and tho power to extend to myself the indulgence of using intoxicating drink; no man dare to say me any, but if I do bo, I cannot place myself by identification by tho side of my fallen brother whoso only chance of cure lies In uncompromising absiin cure. If I would take him by the hand, bid hint exalt himself and crucify tho tiesh, it Is well that I should unfetter my heart nnd cleanse my hands by first bearing myself the cross that I um asking him to take up. I do not care one feather-weight whether or not shore ta logic ir» this, J. know there is love. Love is abovo logic, nnd love eaves tho world. There was little login nnd much love In .the self-renunci ation of Calvary. And there is a voice still asking down tho ages, thrilling the very air around us—“Whom shall I Bend and who will go for me?’* It Is tho voice of God immanent in humanity; It !r, the voice of Him who des cended Into Hades on his work of rescue. Ton remember Whittier's words:— Still Thy love, O Christ arisen, Longs to reach those souls In prison. Through all tho depths of sin and loss Sinks the plummet of Thy cjoss. Never yet abyss was found Deeper than the. cross would pound. SEND ME! Hut in this dispensation, when wo arc sent into tho world for a little while to make U a: Hitle hotter;, to wipe away some tears, at least, from some facta, the blessed attended Lord car* only reach these souls’in prison* through thtv agency of men nnd women wm poRseaa Hit* spirit; who aro themselves prepared to descend into hell If He wishes it, to seek and save tho lost. And I ask whether some heart h^re will enter into th<5 lists of lovo and will give 111m back the answer, “Lord, hero am I, send mo." 