;A MAN'S VOICE. .':?..? ,?'? , ? ♦ ? : ? - CAAPTETt XXX.— Continued. ' The woman foil- back, after the manner of her kind, upon sneers. ' You put a hold face on it,' she : said, ' but you don't feel bold. You dare me to tell what I know. You' think people won't believe a woman like me ; but if you throw enough dirt, ' some is sure to stick ; and plenty of people like to catch a saint trip 'ping.'' . All of which was quite truo. .: But Sir Robert doubted if she could really produce any proof of her state ments. She had been careful not to say what proof she had ; and, certainly, 1 nothing she could say, unsupported by proof, would injure him in the eyes of those who believed in him. What he really feared wns, asser tions of Hester's stirring up someone to make inquiries which would lead lo unpleasant discoveries ; but it would be better to brave anything than — by submitting to blackmail— to put him self in her power, by thus tacitly con fessing that she had spoken the truth. ' Ho answered her last speech' sternly: ' I have heard enough of such in sults. Leave my house this instant ! ' He rang the bell sharply as he spoke. In such a position a mute is at a complete disadvantage. You may shout out words which your enemy is compelled to hear, and which his servants may hear also ; but you can't fire off the dumb alphabet at a. man who won't look at you, and it is wasted on the servant if he can't understand it. ' So Hester had to content herself with a look of menacing fury as she walked out into the hall. The servant, at thct moment ap pearing, opened the hall-door, and she passed cut into the street, baffled and enraged. . ? 'CftiT,' said the master, 'if. that woman comes again, tell her tp,,be gone^or she will bo given in charge. She is an impudent impostor.' 'Yes, Sir Robert,' said Carr, re ferring to the first part of his master's speech, and he disappeared. Sir Robert wiped his forehead, and drew a long, deep breath, standing still a moment' beforo he re-entered his study. He had thought that ghost laid many years ago, and lo ! it had sud denly risen up before him : and though he had got rid of it .for the time, who could tell but it might return, and the shameful past, which he thought no man knew, destroy him in his old age, bringing down the carefully- built fabric of his piety and philanthropy about liis ears ? Basil looked up as his father entered the study. 'Well,' he said, 'what did1 the woman want ? ' ' Money, ' of course,' .Vsaid Sir Eobert ; ' an impostor.' ' Not really dumb, I suppose ? ' ' Oh ! yes ; she was dumb, bnfc* quite undeserving.' And there the matter dropped. But Sir Eobert Erie's peace of mind was gone. It those people whom he would ad dress with such 'unction in Exeter Hall on Monday knew the story of Ellen Worseley ! The mere thought made him grow as cold as the whited sepulchre his worthy daughter had called him. CHAPTEE XXXI. . When Linwood Erie called; on Fri day, he was shown — by her precious order — into Valerie's own sitting room, where he awaited -her in no email perturbation of spirit, partly on her account, in a pleasurablo sense, and partly the reverse ; for Mr. Lin wood Erie was just now pecuniarily in what is vulgarly called 'a tight corner.' His landlady had told him pretty roundly this very morning that, unless he could pay something on account, he must quit, and that very soon ; she couldn't allow the rent to run any longer ! And tho same morning's _ post brought him a letter from his worthy half-sister, in which, 'in terms care fully worded, so us to convey no mean ing to anyone but himself, the writer conveyed the information that she had tried Sir Robert and failed :, nnd that ho, Linwood, must keep his promise, and give her some money. What was he to do ? Bills renewed again and again could bo renewed no more, and, as a bor rower of strangers, ho had absolutely no security and no references that he dared oiler. The landlady shook her head over ?the ' approaching marriage ' with a wealthy lady ; she had hoard that story several times already; and the marriage seemed as far oil' as ever, i .' '_ ' Besides, as she was shrewd to re mark, being less ignorant than many of her kind — - s ' S'poso you do marry a rich ludy,1 sir, her money ain't yours. - It donli follow she'll 'want to bo paying your debts.' Tho Hebrew gentleman, likewise, who hold Mr. Erie's bills, smiled when again informed of (.the ' ap proaching marriage,' and intimated . that it ' wasn't good enough.' Linwood, desperalo, gave the lady's' nn\no ;,.but Mr. Salomon was still ob iliu'il'o. ' ' '. ' /', No,1 sir,' ho, replied. '?.' Ifcouldn't do it — I really couldn't. Ladies 'ch'ang'e their minds sometimes, you ace, and it don't make no security', that marriage business. Besides, I can't look to her.' ' Sho promises tb.soUlo' ii'thonsami a year on mo,' said Linwood ; and Mr. Salomon looked' out of tho corner, of his Oriental eye with an expression' which, translated into popular and vul gar.English, might have boon rendered by a; mon syllable'— 'J Rats ! ' , -» ' M— yes, sir,' lie said'dryly '. 'but promises isn't deeds.' No, sir, 1 can't do no more business on.prospects ! ' i And he took up some grimy papers, and looked towards the door. So Linwood Erie paced Valerie's beautiful sitting- room with feelings as near akin to despair! as was possiblo for a man who was always in diffi culties, but never quite at his last gasp, scrambling out of tho. Slough of Respond ? by 'all manner- of -'means, rarely quite .honest, and mostly very dishonest. , . - ' i - ' ; Could he vonture to borrow of Val erie? ' '~ ?. ?:?? /» Would not that be risking all on one ca&t; ? , ' . ? ' A secondary thought, and one moro congenial' to his nature, was to feel his way, nnd so comfort 'himself that she might, p'erhttps,' offer to lo'nd him money. It would bo better for him, too, if tho offer came from her. ? It would give him a certain hold up on her. A woman does not, as a rule, vol untarily, or even when asked, lend money to a man whom she has known only a very short time, unless he is an admitted lover ; and the argument that to let such a transaction bo known would reflect disgrace upon the man himself, had little or no weight with Linwood Erie. Ho was not thin-skinned in regard to reputation ; ho knew, us it was, that his honour did not stand high among men, and in any traffic that might bring him money, or the gratification of any other evil passion, he was quite content to 'leave honourj out of ? the question,' both as to act and re nute. He had some little time to wait. Valerie know perfectly well that to keep a lovpr of Linwood's typo jvait ing 'was to enhance her own value: ' So sorry to keep you so long,' she said, as she entered, smiling, and holding out hor hand. ' What's the matter ? You look worried.',', 'Never mind; lam not worried now that the sun shines again.' 'Nonsense !' said she. 'Don't be Romeo in a frock-coat ; the sun has been shining all. the time. Sit down — here's a comfortable chair — and tell me what is worrying you.' She seated herself as she spoke, and Erie obeyed, taking the chair she in dicated, though he would have liked to be nearer ; but ' Valerie had no in bnHnn Vif nnvmiH.innf f.lii« She knew precisely what manner of man she had to deal with, just as she knew what was worrying him, and di vined his tactics ; but as his game was, from a different point of view, hers also, she, in theatrical phrase, ' played up to him,' ami 'did nob let him see that he was playing up to hor. ' It's very good of you,' said Liii wood, turning aside a little. (' He doesn't act badly,' thought Valerie), ' to trouble yourself about. my affairs. But please don't ask me ; you couldn't help me.' 'Perhaps I could,' she said softly. Then she laughed a little. ' You men of fashion ! Haven't I lived iin the world ? It is money^-always money ! Now, am I not right this time ? ' '? I am ashamed to confess that you are,' said Linwood, with down drooping eyes. He even coloured, but' it was the flush of hope, not of shame. ' It's only temporary ; but still, there it is ! Now, please let it pass.' 'But why ? If a hundred pounds would be any use, it is at your ser vice, and you can repay at your con venience.' 'Miss Dorval — Valerie! Ah, for give me ! No, No ! ' Linwood ex claimed, rising quickly, ' I can't ac cept your generosity ! What must you think of me ? ' 'I shall 'think none the worse of you for accepting tho loan,' she said, looking up and smiling ; and she spoke the'truth. ' It will make me very happy to help you ! '? Here her head drooped a littlo. Sho added hurriedly, checking on impulsive movement on his part ; ' I wish I could do moro, but you_ really must not regard this as an obligation.' '\Linwood had no such intention, but he said hastily — , , 'You make mo 'your, eternal debtor.'- ?(' True -' enough,' she thought), i' How can I thank you? ' '? By saying notliing about it, please. Will Monday bo time enough ? ' '?Ample time.- .Ton^r thousand thnnlcs- ? ' ' Sh — sh ! ' , lifting hor finger. ?.''And, if'you like, you. may take mo to dinner on Monday.', , ?,. , 'If I like!' Linwood exclaimed, ardently. ' Valerie, 'how1 can you1 ask'me ?' _.'.,.' '?' ' 'y . ',l didn't givd you le'avo 'to call mo ' Valerie ',' said sho. ',' Forgive ' -mfr Wlio'n may ? I call for you ? ' ' ; ' 01) ! why 'should you coino out all this way ? I will call for you — some- where between six and seven.' r 'You ljoiioui1 .mo too much,' said Linwood, 'with fast'throbbing heart Tho hour Valerio nanied showed that sho had no scruplos about .'com- ing,' up to his rooms ;\ much later .would have done it ho was merely to -join her at the door, she waiting hi her carriage, That her conduct in this respect was somewhat ' rapid '' took nothing from her in his oyos, but \\\\\m rather a recommendation than the reverse. ' The only sort of lo\o luiv t-- capable of entertaining for any woman — it is a euplio- nism to call the base passion love at all — owed not a jot to respect or revcrenco ; and if Valeric had shown herself a great deal more than rapid, so much lha better for him, would bo Liuwootl's opinion. Surely, be thought, ho would easily persuade her by-finrl-by to dine, or oven sup, with -him at his- rooms.' That would' indeed put' her in his power, and iridko it impossible for her to ' throw him over.' ' ' But Valerie would : allow no love making to- day,- laughing at some of Linwood's best speeches, and goner ally ''keeping him' at arm's length. Ho was confident, however, of final triumph, and could afford to wait—so .he told himself ; and when he left he 'was in a high state of elation. * As' for the money, one hundred pounds1 was not much, but he would do wonders with it, keeping Hester quiet for a lime, bestowing a solatium upon his landlady, and keeping some in hand for ready-money necessities. It ' was a drop in the ocean of his debts ; but debts did not trouble him, so long as tho creditors could be cajoled,: bullied, or cheated into going without their due. ' He flies into tho trap like a blind bat ! ' said Valerie, to herself, left alone. 'Fools that men are ! A woman with far less brains than I have could twist a cleverer man than Linwood Erie round her fingers, if she only had good looks ! Great Heaven ! that I must endure him — seem to care for him ! ' She shuddered convulsively, and covered her face with her hands. ' Lorenz,' she said, ' you will for-' give, when you know all — you will forgive— Cecil I ' ' ,',;'?' CHAPTER 'XXXII. 'Look here, Valerie,' - said Euby Staploton, speaking lightly, but vexod all the same, as the other could see, ' you make all the running. You have robbed mo of Lin, and I. can do nothing with Esmond — I pipe in vain : he won't dance ; so I am left high and dry 1' Valerie was standing in tho draw ing-room, slowing pulling on her gloves while she waited for the carriage. She was dressed for the theatre; in a picturesque gown of pale pink satin and cashmere, with a row of pearls round her throat as her only orna mont. ' i ' She half-laughed at Ruby's speech, and shrugged her shoulders. ' You need not sigh for a gallant,' she said. ' If Esmond chooses , to 'be blind, others have eyes. As for Lin wood Erie, you told me you were tired of him ;' ' So I was, but I really do care for Esmond,' said Mrs. Stapleton. 'I own I am not blind to the fact that he is rich, but I'd marry him if even he woro pool- — I would, renlly, though I daresay you don't believe it.', ' I am not suro that I do,' replied Valerie, coolly.' -. \- At that moment the carriage was announced ; the maid took up the rich mantle that lay over a chair, and put it round her mistress's shoulders ; then Valerie went out to the waiting vehicle. ' 22c Grafton.street,' was the order given the coachman, and the servants put their' heads together over the matter, for they knew that Linwood Erie's chambers wore in Grafton street. -Thoy couldn't make it out. ' Who'd, think,' said; one, ' that Miss Derval, or anyone else, would look at Mr. Erie, with that handsome Mr. Esmond about — and him so rich tool' ' ' Maybe she's only playing him off against Mr. Esmond,' suggested an other. A procedure which, in the code of the servant's hall, would be not only excusable, but worthy of commend ation. And while she was 'being discussed in her own house, Valerie was. nerv ing herself for all she must go through that ovening. , , Would Lorenz Esmond hear of tho escapade ? Most likely ; perhaps ' from Lin wood Brio's own lips. That honorable gentleman would boast of the conquest he had made. It was only a quarter past six when the carriage' stopped ' at Linwood's chambers, and a minute later the page opened tho door of the sitting-room, and announced — ' Miss Dorval ! ' Linwood advanced oagorly to meet his beautiful gnest, who seemed per fectly dazzling to him in hor shimmer ing robes, with the mantlo, lined with old-gold satin and adorned with jewelled clasps, half drooping from her shoulders. ? 'lam rather earlier than I meant to be,' she said, smiling as she gave him her hand. ' 'You know you .couldn't be too early,' he answered. ' ' Let mo take ?this,' removing her mantle as ho spoke, and sho sat down in a low chair, and glanced round tho room! (To be Continued.) If about to purchase) any kind of saddlo or harness, you should, first of all, seo 0. A. 1'jiiM.ii'h' manufactuio. You're sure to got suited. His leathern articles nro . unsur passed in tho market, and, for superior work uinnfihip, quality ot muteiial, and liitesl unproved pattern, tiro tho .ibest: litulho southern cll»trist».* 