I behind a veil. i by MRS. C. N. WILLIAMSON. CHAPTER X.— (Continued.) But lato that evening Lord Barllcld returned to tho Embaaay with dtacouragtug news Xor Tris- : st what i thought would happen has hap- 1 ncned, my dear hoy," Uo aatu. "Tno Prince and Princess expressed themselves aa horrified beyond measure at what had taken place, but as to Lady Mary's death, they wore satisfied with the Mother Silpcrlor'a account ol it, which reached them to day through tho Inevitable Fathor Auguetin. Tbo Princes assured me that her daughter had i never been a robust girl, and had suffered from heart .attacks since her earliest childhood. After such Intenso excitement as she must havo expo- rlenccd in planning to leave the convent and her juty (those were her mother's words, not mlno!) it waa far from surprising that a suddou, aggra vated attack should causo death. The Princess added that she was thankful further scandal had been avoided for her family and for tho convent, by tho Mother Superior's considerate discretion; and siucc she herself was convinced that no ' vrong had been done her daughter, she would i much prefer to have no inquiry made. In the face of this, it seems to mo that nothing moro can be deno by any of us." "So it docs not aee-m to mo, Lord Barfleld," raid Tristram. "My leave of abaenco from you has not expired yet, though a hundred years might I have paraed since I was last in Vlonua. To-mor- I row I shall start for Rome. Let them do what they like to me for breaking the law of Invlola- « blllty of conventu. Tbut doesn't matter — after I've had my chauco of appeal to tho lpe." "How do you propose to reach him?" asked ' Lord Barfleld, drily. For, after all, the girl was ' dead, and never having loved and lost her, ho could not wholly enter into the younger man '6 almost savage dceiro for roprisal. "That sort of thlug takes influence, you know, and so far as I've ever heard you have no powerful Roman Catholic relatives or friends. I can't help you in tho natter. And, further, fond as I am of you por- tonally, valuable a« you have proved yourself in tho position of my secretary, I shall havo to ask for your resignation If this thing that you havo dono gots abroad. In this Catholic country you have made yourself liablo to arrest and im prisonment, and, of course, you see " "I do see," Tristram broko into the significant 4 pause, "aud for your sake and tho sake of tho Embassy, 1 assuro you I won't wait, when tho : right timo comes, for you to bo put to tho pain of asking for my resignation. After I've done what I'm setting out to do (for sooner or later, in ono wy or another, I shall do It) everything will be different with me. Tho ono woman I could over havo loved is doad, and through my rashuoss. Do you think my llfo could ever bo tlic same will) that knowledge in my heart? If I were a Roman : Catholic I should probably enter a monastery and livo as ulm lived till she was robbed of life. Hut , even .is it is, tho world is practically at an end for ! mo when her murderers havo suffered. You must, In auy case, have a better man than I am to work foruu— a man with a heart to put Into his work, which 1 shall not have any more." Lord Uarlleld looked at him, noting the lines that sorrow hud already traced on tho handsomo dark face, so boyish only a few months ago; ami be raised no furthor objection against tho visit to I' Rome, Nothing would como of It; but Trlatrani, with thoso haggard hollows under tbe eyes, un naturally bright, and thoso silver vciuings in his dark hair, looked. lilco a man whose reason might go if ho could not busy himself in constant ac- , Don. Next day Tristram began Ills journey. His fel- low travellers glanced at him often in a wondcr- ; ing, sometimes sympathetic, sometimes half- frightened way, but he know nothing of it, and was even unconscious of their existence. If tho granting of his dearest wish had afterwards been dependent on a description of their faces, ho must hive abandoned it, for to him Uiey had no l'accm at all. Ou tho second day ho was in Romo, yet ap parently 110 nearer to tho head of tho Roman Church than he had boon in Vienna. Days passed, 'weeks passed, and still — though ho had had hopes hold out from timo to timo and received pro mises—he had not aeon tho Pope. His Holiness was indisposed, his Ilollneaa had & deputation to receive, Ills Holiness was engaged In many ways, and wils always too busy or too HI toseo the Importunate young Englishman, whoso handsome, haggard faco became well known in tlio neighborhood of the Vatican. Ho was sorno faddist, peopio thought, eccen tric, perhaps even a madman, and therefore dan gerous. At last he was called tho "mad English man," and all hope of accomplishing his mission in ftomo was over for him. He stayed for a month, and then went back to Austria. ?Meanwliilo ho had sent a written resig nation of hie post to Lord Barfieid, which, with ; mingled regret and acquiescence, had been ac cepted. His late "understudy" filled his plnco, and henceforth Tristram was frco to come and . go as ho chose — free a he could not havo been without tho legacy which it still Beemed to hlin had corao too lato. There was one hope left, and lie returned to Austria in pursuit of it. In Vienna bo arrived just in timo to learn that tbo persona for whom he searched hud left tho city that day. . Of course ho would follow; thoro was no question in his mind as to that, nor any question of delay. He ; was weary from his long journey, but he set him self to look out in tho railway guide the first train which ho could catch. There was one in an hour. He dined at au hotel Jn the haphazard fashion of eating that ho bad taken to lately, never knowing or caring what he ate, except that Lhero should be food to stoke tho furnace and keep the machinery oMifo In motion white it was needed. Suddenly at tbo table, glancing at a clock on the mantel near, to aco haw many mlmitcg were left him, ho recalled that this was tho hotel whore ho should havo dined with friends on the night when the message from Lady Mary Desmond arrived. How it all come back with that waft of remembrance! Ho felt as he had felt then, full of hope, full of energy and youth, lie saw himself at the green gate In tho vail at tlio bottom of Prlnco Falconberg'e garden. Though it was now late iu June, lie felt the nip ping wind of a Deccmbor night blow past his eager face as ho looked from tho window of the carriage that took him and Jenny Wood, Lady Mary's maid, to tho vlllago near Schloso Falcon- berg. His throat seenul to closo as if ho woro choking, and ho could eat no more, though his dinner was scarcely begun. lie paid ids bill for the unlu£tc<l food and wine ho had ordered and hurried out luto the street, though it was not yet nearly time for the train. It was eight o'clock, but It was midsummer, and «venlng had as yet declared Itself only by a ten der dusk, a violet tint Instead of sapphire in the sky, and a trail of primroso lire burning into "hee in the west. Scarcely choosing "his own direction, but let- ling Fate lead him as she would, bo turned to- wanls the Embassy, walking fast. It bad boon writer, though so much darker, that winter night. Ho had come out from tho Embassy from that door there, and ho had passed, as he \va« passing jjjw, and then footsteps had come tapping after film— a woman's hand had touched his arm ' As If his thought had materialised he hoard tho fame sound again, quick stops, a voice, and a rand on his arm. "Mr. Tristram! Oh, thank Heaven it's you!" Ho turned. A woman In a dark plain flrcsa was nl his side, and, panting with the haste sho Jau made, was fumbling tremulously to untie a Heavy veil that masked her face. With a wrench «oo toro it off, and looked him In tho eyes. A strange, fateful thrill crept through his veins. Ho seemed to have been sent here by an Influcnco Wore potent than his own mood — for this. History Had repeated Itself, for here, whore sho hud run «tor him before, where be bud come In memory c' that night, Jenny Wood had followed him once more. Her plump figure was not as plump as It had wen, and her fane, sharpened In outline, gleamed pate as a silver coin in tho twilight. I went to the Embassy to ask for you," tho toman said, stammering. "They told mo you oro gone away— to Italy, that you weren't com ing back again. I felt an If someone had struck mo in tho faco, for I'd hoped no much. And all fItrK,h soonid gone, so that I could hardly crawl along. Then I saw you, walking fast, ahead w me, just where I'd seen you beforo, going just « you had before, so I run and caught you, while h felt as if it must be part of a dream. Aud you, rolKht bo your ghost!" ,, "Hnlt It Is my ghost, Jenny," Tristram said, 'iu a sad pretence at a mullc. "And you — you came after ine In a ghostly way, ns if your spirit ul! , ,n RPnt Hi answer to my thoughts. You ,,|J wJdte onougii lo be one, too." „ ;,c'ro Loth changed sir." Jenny answered, .Jm?' "'haps—partly— for tho some cause." iui!i w monns nt. you loved her. You know f ' yistrum said, not. thinking of Jenny n« a mI « aK n woiran who had boon loyal to i 7' Hhit why had you como to find me? I .. 'l n , ,n wn"(lcre<l what, became of you— after S!pi . K0(uiiod to havo disappeared." H I Ml disappear," returned Jenny, mysteriously, CHAPTER XI.— A WOltMirOLH IN THE OAK. Irrm n.y s 101,0 "ml e.vcs both Invited Trls- "\\!»i 41 a secret and ask a question, n nut do you menu?" he said, quietly, ns they talked side, hy side Into a quiet street. Well, If I'd hoon loft to myself after what S ,,mt "Ight. don't you think I'd havo ihai i Protty lively for some people? They so .« H0, 'hat's why I disappeared. You tflii 1 m,nt kornlrt had a story ho wanted to l,.bm'1 that night, and it wouldn't have suited m to nnvo mo on tho scene till the storm had Mni?1 Vf'r Jl I didn't know then what tho t, 7 Wo|Hd he, of course, though I was sure trlft1 1,0 KO,,Hdhliig, and something plausible, » Indeed, I never heard tho rights of It until for, if you'll believe mo. sir, never slnco at n ghl. lust December Imvo I set foot in Vienna "ii this morning. Whore wore you then?" questioned Tristram, in tho Tyrol, at. Count Kornla' castle there." Do you mean that he kidnapped you?" VrUlt' t?'1, or K;ive orders that It should bo back'" 1 re,nomor hcast of a hunch- tn a ,;"'10r Baw on® that night or dreamt of him eiirium whon I lay III afterwards; I was nover , Wo sure which." Why, it woa ho .who stabhod you, air, in tho. back. Afterwards ho rolled you over on your faco, and ran you through with a long sharp thing again. I was gagged and my feot Mod together with my own long veil by that time, but I saw (for it would have been inconvonJent to kill mo and got rid of my body there, whllo they could ac count for yours easily enough!); and though I was so sick at tho sight that I nearly fainted then, I roasoncd It all out afterwards. The Count wanted to pretend you'd been killed In fair fight, ao you had to havo a wound In your breast, not your back. That littlo hunchback brute could nover havo toucbod you If ho hadn't sprung on you unawares from behind, as he did; so the other wound had to bo given afterwards. When there was time to attaiul to mo, I was drugged with somo vile, pungent stuff they had, and the next thing I knew 1 woke up In a house. There was a doctor, who said I was mad. lie- and Count Kor- nls wero talking in tho room, and I heard tho wretch telling tho doctor that I was one of his ser vants, who had had a fit, and behaved in strango ways, which he described. The doctor looked In my eyes, pulling up my lhls, and pronounced some long words which I couldn't understand. I began talking about what had happened that uight — but it only made matters worse, for I woo so excited it must have sounded Ulce gibberish. The upshot of it was that I was put into a great jacket, with long sleeves that huolUcd round my waist at the back. That did nearly drive nio out of my senses, and I must have been like a wild thing when I was taken off in the railway train, screeching out to everybody in English to holp me, that I wasn't mad, and thoy were going to murder mo. I can understand some German, you know, though I can't talk it much; and if anyone asked questions, I was always a poor servant of Count von Kornts, who was so good, that ho was going to pay all my expenses at tho famous pri vate asylum near Wlndisch Mattrei, In the Tyrol. "But they didn't take mo there at alt. Instead, wo branched off on a small local railway line; woro met at last hy a big,1 old-fashioned carriage, and driven for miles and miles, till wo came to a wild place among the mountains — great red mountains that stood up lilco needles and spikes and spires. As soon as 1 saw tho eastlc, I re cognised it from a photograph In tlio Princess Faicouborg's boudoir In Vienna — Count Kornis's castle iu tho Dolomite Mountains, as my blessed Lady Mary had told me the day I eaw the picture. "It was tbo hunchbacked dwarf aud a eorvant who brought mo there. The bousokccpor and all the others wero made to believe tlio same story I'd heard them tell curious folk at tlio railway stations and in the train. I was a housemaid from tho Count's place in Vienna; my head had gone queer, and the doctor said I must have quiet and country air If I was to get well. So tho master had genorously sent me to Schlooe Kaps- bcrg — that's tbo namo of the castlo — to recruit. I was to be watched, that I neither escaped nor did myself or anyone else a mischief; hut, so far, I was apparently harmless. I think tho Count's idea was that he'd keep mo out of tho way until he'd had time to tell his own side of the story, and get peopio to bollevo It so firmly that tbe Ideas ho'd planted in their heads couldn't he uprooted by an insignificant person like me. If I'd como forwnrd at first wk.h my tale, when all Vienna wis in a ferment about the queer doings amoug their aristocracy that night at Falconberg, I might have got a hearing. But afterwards ho didn't need to be bo much afraid of anything I could do or say, especially as what I should tell about his sending me to the Tyrol, and detaining mo there would sound too far-fetched to be true. Hut, then, there's the proverb about some tilings being too strange not to be true, aud tbis is one of them. Tho Count thought you were stiro to die, and, of course, ho bribed all the people who saw anything that night, so that it did seem as if thcro'd bo no one to contradict him except me — a servant against a rich and powerful nobleman. "Anyhow, I was watched closely hy tho peopio at Kaptfberg for months. I could go almost any where In tlio house I liked, but I was nover al lowed outside, unless when I was told that I might walk hi the kitchen garden, with tho head gardener's wife— a stupid, fat thing, without a word of English. Nor could any of them under stand a great deal, and I used to pretend I didn't know as much German ao I really did, 1n tho hope that they'd bo careless and say something which it might be important to overbear." "Thero was nothing of that sort, though, for a long time, until one day, about a fortnight ago, I heard the housekeeper talking to the butler about tho 'blue room." It was time for a yearly clean ing, and she was dreading It, because, I managed to make out, all the maids were afraid of tho place, thinking it was haunted; and even she, old woman as sho was, wasn't fond of going in there after twilight. Afterwards, when they got as far in their house-cleaning as the blue room, which had been left till tho lost, tho servants wero whispering; and putting tliis and that togother, I found out that in the blue room every, ono of tho Count's three wives had died. "I wao wanting badly to find some solid proo! against him for his villainies, and though I didn't just see, even then, that I was any nearer to it, I determined that by hook or by crook I'd get into that blue room and bo there alone. All tho ghosts In tho Tyrof-conldn't Bcare ine out of tho notion! "I mado tho women-servants understand I w;as willing to help thom with the cleaning, 'and as thoy hated tho job In tho blue room they woro glad enough of the offer. I worked so well that it seemed the place might be finished in 000 day instead of two; only nobody would wait after tho sun stopped shining through the little narrow, deep-set windows. I'd stay and finish by myself, said I, in tny broken Gorman, if it took ine till "Thoro wasn't any (Hffloulty about letting mo ilo that, for tbo proposal couldn't be a trick to escape, slnco tho windows woro high and over looked a mountain torrent, tearing over tho rocks, and stones like a mad thing, from tho spring rains and the snow melting In tho gorges. "I don't know what I expected' to And, If I really expected anything; but when I was left alone tlieru wasn't a crack or a cranny ot that oalc-panolled room I didn't examine. It was just tlio sort of placo to look for a secret door, If nothing worse; and thiulss I to myself, raaybo, when the Count has spent a wife's money, and wanted to bo looking round for anoLhor lady with another fortune, he sneaked luto the blue room from sorno hidden ontranco that nobody knew about, whllo tho poor creature was asleep, and murdered hor, "Tho only thing against .that (for anything might happen In such a house as Kupsberg) was what I'd heard tho servants at Prince Fal- conberg"s say, when they gossiped about Count ICornls and' his uicenilons to ray lady. Ail his wives had apparently died natural deaths; so that, though peopio talked, nothing really could bo said agnlust him. "IJutvI wasn't stopped exploring, whllo I had the chance, by that, sir, you may well believe; though Boon I got feeling a bit creepy as tho shadows carao crawling Into tho big, low room, and thero wero queor littlo cracking sounds In the walls and all about, as If, In case you turned quick enough, you'd see something standing right belilud you. Dut by the timo you did turn, it always sccmod to havo just scuttled away! "I was polishing tho oak walls with an ollod rug, for tho housekeeper was as particular about tho hlueroom, though no ono evor slept thero any more, us ubout any other roam in tho castlo. Tho oak panels wont all tho way up to tho colling, which, luckily for mo, was very low; and I could roach It with my rag, standing on tho step-laddor I had to use. Tho wood was so old — hundreds and hundreds ot years, no doubt — that It had got worm-eaten, and there woro a good many littlo liclos, sorno of thom choked up with dust. At last I cRino to ono, exactly lllto a lot of othors, only a hit deeper, maybo; nnd nt tho bottom, whon I poked tho tip of my little linger In (as X bad with tlio rest, hoping against hope for some thing out of tho common) tlioro was a small lump that folt ltko metal. I couldn't pick It out with my null, and I pressed, it wont down, I funded, and I pressed again. That did the trick sir! A crack opened in tho wall just as if it had boon a fairy story, or ono of those crocpy old novols by a woman called Radcllffe I once found at my grandfather's farmhouse. I pushed my hand Inlo tho crack, nnd It widened, without any noiso at all— Just a slipping of tho panel behind another ono, along a groove where the wall joined tho floor. I do believe, sir, not a soul would havo como across that tiny mctal-noli but. 1110; for who would havo thought of It, unless thoy wero working for someono thoy loved? I didn't know then what had happened to my poor darling, so I'd havo given my life, Mr. Tristram, to stumble 011 some wlekod secret of tho Count's which should save hor from marrying him; and you can see I wasn't leaving a stono unturned. "Tho door in tho panel was so narrow I could just slip through. I was ratlior scared of what I might find on tho other side, for It was dark ns a pocket tlioro; hut I wouldn't ho a coward. Whon I'd squeezed Into Hie cupboard or wliatovor It was I lighted a match from tlio box I'd stolon from tho housekeeper, and peered nil round. I was in a quoer littlo nook, not as big as a fair-sized ward robe, narrow and long; only the length was tho way of tho wall, In tho room outside. Dut thero wero shelves, nnd thero was a table. And 011 both woro a lot of bottles and strange-looking glass things, exactly lllto thoso Prlnco Falconberg keeps In what ho calls his 'laboratory.' (Tho Prlnco Is a sort of amateur doctor, you know, nnd Ih always dosing tho servants If thoy havo an aoho or ptiln, for thoy don't dare rotuso, for fear ot of fending him, whon ho offers.) On the sbolvos woro books, most or thom In quite modern, now- looking bindings, lilg, uninteresting volumes, nbout dlseaoos atul medicines. There was a dark wig on a shelf, too, and somo brownish grease paint, lllto actors use, und a priest's soutane. I kopt lighting match after match to see all these things, hut I wasn't silly enough to drop t.liem nbout. I kept thom In my hands when they'd burnt too low, antl at last, put them into my pocket. "I opened somo of Iho hooks, nnd whoso name do you think was written Inside most of them?" "Count Kornls'. I suppose," answered Tris tram. who had followed every word Jenny hud spoken with the keenest attention. For ho lind begun to think, moro than over, that Destiny lind had a hand In this meeting to-night. Ho had mmlo up his ml ml, If necessary, even lo lot tho train t?o without him. Only his Impalleneo had urged tho journey he wished to take, at. so early an hour; for at all events lie could not possibly sou llio pprsoiiH whom Hp wlslnvJ lo soo uul II ufter- uoou of tho next day. (To bo continued. ) 