STAGELAND. ^~m- HE second change 6t . the ^Rks| Dampier repertoire will fit ^jy£s5^^^ in exactly with, the spirit TT 'iSrrff y of *lie *imes- as the play \--?^rilfWrPi _ _ deals witk incidents in the twl!////ISK\3SW6i ' Transvaal. It is stylea . .fli'l; j|ffgtSBsS5sy 'Briton and Boer;' has . * '\if i|l,ara3ffl^S^^ proved quite a strong card i^isriil&wJ; ' durinS the popular man i/j2BB&®w§Bw!illk ager's recent tour, and. w5« 'Wmlf/i ? wil1' in a11 likelihood, be '?MralBSililffityi i/l equally as much of a fa ffi^^^T^f, ' vorite with the Sydney WraSBfcFgijggjjfo public. ' Woman and J&ffi;£a§si$Dilg iWine' proved an excellent '?' &B;&t; «P introduction to Mr. Holt's season, and it Is Soubtful if that astute manager ?ever experienced a more cordial welcome. He strings several new and startlingly realistic idramas with him, principal of which are: 'With. ?Flying Colors,' 'The Great Ruby,' and 'Hearts /are Trumps.' Mr. John Brunton, the artist, will lhave his hands pretty full for same time to come, for spectacle takes a foremost part in all, jespecially in the lastnamed. i\ f&liss; Ada Winston- Weir, the new prima donna -iof the Williamson Opera Company, will make her idebut in 'The Pirates of Penzance,' which' will be etaged at the close of the run of 'H.M.S. Pina fore.' Sullivan and Hood's opera, 'The Rose iof Persia,' will be the first of a new repertoire, and 'Floradora' is also in preparation. i — — ^_ : Mr. Chas. Holloway, who did such good work at ithe Lyceum Theatre, intends to make a flying Tvifiit to England. He will look up new attractions, and we may expect to have him with us again, re newed in health and a factor to be reckoned with Ml the world of dramatic production. . The Melbourne critics are in accord that Miss iNanee O' Neil's Sydney success was well-merited, 'and they hail her Magda as the work of a great artist. Mr. M'Kee Rankin, who is really the star in that play, comes in for great praise, and his Colonel Schwartze is considered there, ae here, as one of the finest pieces of character work ever Witnessed, Opinions are divided as to Mr. Kings ton, who has only been seen once before in Mel Ibourne; but that aotor has potential reasons for ibelng suppressed in the character. It is the ex treme shade of the part which makes the light stand out. At the Princess's Theatre Mr. Chas. [Arnold successfully produced 'The Professor's Love Song,*' while Mr. William Anderson, who i8 snaking a big reputation as a producer of dramas, promises another sensation in Herbert Leonard's ''.On Active Service.' ! Mr. Harry Rickards has extended the sphere of his operations to Adelaide, where Mr. Joseph Lar kin will look after his interests. Among the ar tists to appear at Mr. Rickards's theatres are the following: Emmonds, Emerson and Emmonds, the Patterson Brothers, Billie Barlow, Lottie Col lins, Peggy Fryde, George D'Albert, Johnson Riano and Bentley, Leonard Brothers and Sisters IPine, Leon and Kirk, Cora Caselli, Marie Lloyd, Alec Hurley, Frank Latona, Austin Rudd, -Celina Babe, Lucretia, Edgar Granville, Athas and Col lins, Cragg family, Pastor and Randal, Rosie Ren dell, the Allisons, and Colby and Way. The San Francisco 'Call', recently published an interview with Mme. Melba, in which the canta trice is reported to have announced her intention of marrying Haddon Chambers, the Australian dramatist. The statement is emphatically denied by Mme. Melba in the New Tork 'Dramatic Mir ror.' Mr. Haddon Chambers has done likewise, and, in addition, the utter absurdity of the 'Call's' statement is shown in the fact that Mr. Chambers is already married. The interest taken in 'Sapho' in America still continues. In a leading Michigan city, a book seller is reported to have burned all the copies of the book he had in stock. At the Germania Theatre, New Tork, a German version of 'Sapho' proved very -disappointing to the first-night audi ence. When the curtain rose the spectators be held, not the gay and giddy ballroom scene with which the English version opens, but, instead, half a dpzen persons, described in the programme as 'Diennerinnen,' clad in the Greek costumes of several thousand years ago. There was ?no Fanny Legrand, and the hero ine spelt her her name with the two 'pe.' which made her classic and proper, instead of with one 'p,' which is Parisian, and distresses the police. When Sappho entered, in the person of Frau Anna Fuehring, it was seen at once that ! her generous proportions would make the psdestal j scone perilous, and the famous ascent of the stair case an utter impossibility. Several policemen ? who were on hand ready to stop the play looked I completely nonplussed, and made a speedy exit j amid the jeers of the audience. 'Sapho,' in an expurgated form, was received with derision by Philadelphian playgoers. That is the treatment : commonly given to the play when the notorious scenes are omitted. Mere dull propriety fails to satisfy, and the spectators, feeling tricked, keep up such a pandemonium that the actors cannot be heard. None of the regular newspaper correspondents Jsays 'News of the World') have noticed the good work done by Major Cecil F., N. Macready, of the 2nd Gordon Highlanders, during the Boer attack on Waggon Hill, Ladysmith, on January 6. A pri vate letter, published in a country paper, declares that Macready 'made a grand leader, and all his fellows were loud in his praises.' The major is a son of the great actor, and was born in 1862. He went through the Egyptian campaign of 1882, and has latterly been attached to a volunteer corps in Aberdeen. Although his father (the late W. C. Macready) was dead against his family going on the stage, Major Macready has inherited the acting instinct, and is an enthusiast over private theatricals. The London Lyric Theatre has just lost one of 3the most charming inhabitants of the island of Florodora (the scene of the opera soon to be pro duced by Mr. J. C. Williamson), for Miss Nina Sevening has left the stage on her engagement to Mr. H. S. H. Cavendish, who is known -as a most successful African explorer, and a mighty hunter of big game. Miss Sevening is a very pretty young girl, who has acted, danced, and Bung, always accompanied by her sister Dora, Bince she was eight years old. She lives with her mother in Albany Courtyard. Mr. Caven dish, who is a connection of the Duke of Devon shire, has just gone to the front as a scout, with Dundonald's Colt Battery, and as he knows the country most thoroughly he is just the kind of man who is wanted. When the mail left M. Edmond Rostand, author of 'LAiglon,' the play in which Mme. Bernhardt achieved- a triumph, was very ill, and fears were entertained that he might not recover. MM. ? Casimir-Perier and Georges Leygues were amongst the frequent inquiriers at the invalid's home, and Sarah Bernhardt paid Mme. Rostand a daily visit. In Mr. Wilson Barrett's dramatisation of 'Quo /Vadis,' to be produced in London, toe principal characters are allotted as follow: Petronius, Mr. Wilson Barrett; Nero, Mr. Ambrose Manning; Chilo Chilonides, Mr. T. Wigney Percyval; Tigel linus, Mr. Caleb Porter; Vinicius, Mr. Basil Gill; iLygia; Miss Maud Jeffries; and Poppoea, Miss IDaisy.Belmore. From this it would appear that MissiJeftries has abandoned her Intention of going to America. Mr. Ambrose Manning's Nero should Jbe ai'fine character sketch. In Stanislaus Stage's (version, which .will be seen simultaneously with Mr.'. Barrett's, Marcus Vinicius is evideni'.y the leading character. He is played by Mr. Robert JTaberj i Petronius, Mr. J. H. Barnes; Nero, Mr. G. !W. tAnson; Tigellinus, Mr. Edward Sass; Chilo Chftonides,.Mr. Robt. Pateman; Vitellius, Mr. A. ?C- Boulton; and Lygia, Miss Lena Ashwell. Many pld friends are in both casts. '? :V.. 'I/:/-, - ? . ? Storfar thousand golden sovereigns Is the amount .-*f feplfl winch has recently been put out of circu slatipn. -b|?4-eing cast into a statue of 'The Ameri ?n^-GirCgiwhich is to .be the gold exhibit of the State^E'eolorado at the Paris Exhibition. Inci dentally ijiis statue -will be a tribute to the popu larity/jofi&ts;' model, Miss Maude Adams, at the moment ithe most conspicuous young actress on the American 'stage. The Istatue is life-size, and stands 5ft 5in in height, containing about 7121b of pure gold. The cost of making the statue and casting it is about , £12,-000, and it is the work of a woman,5 Miss Bessy Potter. The nearest ap proach in value and beauty to this golden statue was one of Miss Ada Rehan in silver, which was exhibited at the World's Fair at Chicago by the State of Montana, to show the prdduct of its sil ver mines, and contained about £6000 worth of metal. The Posonyi collection is particularly rioi in Wagner autographs. There is a copy of the first'engraved edition ol the vocal score of 'The Flying Dutchman,' enriched with numberless autograph corrections, beside jingle-band parts of his two unpublished overtures, 'Polrini*' *-nd 'Columbus,' both works of. -Ms early: yoiiitL. and dating from a_time.when Wagner was too impe- : cunious to command the services of a copyist. More interesting still are some of his letters: One of these, written during his exile at Lu cerne, is a proof of the invincible determination, which .brought him at last to success. 'Ah, what would I not give,' he writes, ' to stand once more at the head of my orchestra! What strength of purpose, what energy of mind do I not need to go on working, without the ghost of a prospect of ever seeing my works produced. No one can realise this who has not been in my position. And yet how surprised you all will bf over my last score. I have never writ ten anything that can be compared to 'Tristan.'' The other side of the Wagner question is given in a short letter of Rubinstein's. 'Have you Been 'Tristan?' Have ' you eeen 'Das Rhein gcld?' The first seems to me completely mad, ths second at the very least a piece of wild ex travagance!' The following particulars regarding Ada Reeve's divorce case are to hand by mail: — Mrs. Adelaide Mary Hazlewood, known to the public as Miss Ada Reeve, sued for a divorce from her husband, Gilbert Joseph Hazlewood. otherwise known as Bert Gilbert, before Sir Francis Jeune. Mr. Deane, Q.C., in stating the case for the peti tioner, said that the petitioner and respondent were married on May 5, 1894, at the registrar's office, Nottingham. There were two children born of the marriage. They went in 1897 to Australia, where they played together. The respondent treated his wife abominably, with the result that in July, 1898, she brought a suit in Australia for divorce. He, however, begged her to forgive him. This sQe did, but in order that she might prctect herself against his moth er, she made him write a confession and sign it. On the way back from Australia he treated her with such cruelty that she had to appeal to the captain of the ship. The matter now. com plained of was subsequent to August 1, 1899. The cruelty to her was that he seized her by the arms, pinched her arms, and on one ^'^asion her brother-in-law saw^him ill-using h'~, and threatened to thrash him. Subsequently she forgave him, but later he again offended. Peti tioner and her sister and brother-in-law having given evidence, his lordship granted a decree nisi with costs. There was no defence. Mies Kate Vaughan has sailed for a trip round the world via Capetown and New Zealand, in order to restore her health. Mies Vaughan has been suffering from an affection of the lungs. Mrs. Bernard Beere, the well-known actress, was married on Tuesday, April 17, at St. Mary's, Kilburn, to Mr. A. C. S. Olivier, son of the Rev. Canon Olivier, of Salisbury, and at one time pri vate secretary to the Earl of Lonsdale. The wedding was celebrated quietly, only the nearest relatives and a few of the most intimate friends of the bride and bridegroom being present. Mr. Oli vier was himself for some years on the stage, act ing under the name of Seymour, and was mana ger of a successful travelling company in India. Mrs. Bernard Beure was born in the late fifties in Norfolk, her father being Mr. Wilby Whitehead, the artist. Her godfather was Thackeray. Her first alliance was with Captain E. C. Dering, the eldest (son of Sir E. Dering, and it was after his death that she studied for the stage, becoming a pupil of Mr. Herman Vezin. Later ehe became the wife of Mr. Bernard Beere, who was under stood to be an importer of Ostend rabbits. It is stated that M. Jean de Reske, the eminent operatic artist, has 'acquired the French rights of an opera called 'Der Buddha,' by Max Vog rich, which it is his intention to himself present nest year in the German language. Signor Ernesto Baldanza, a tenor, who at one time had a great vogue, died in' San Francisco on April 4. During a portion of his career he supported Mme. Patti. Mr. W. S. Gilbert has for some years been a justice of the peace for the county of Middlesex. He has now received the further nonor of being made^a Deputy-Lieutenant of that county. It might be guessed, if not from his genial badin age . of the law, at any rate from the frequency with which his plays find their solution in a semi judicial interpretation of doubtful phrases, that Mr. Gilbert has had some legal experience. He was a clerk in the Privy Council Office for five years, and was called to the Bar in 1864. When the mail left, Miss Cissy Lof tus was dan gerously ill in America, It seems thatshe re cently fell from a pier into the sea. Fortunately, a marine saw her fall, and rescued her from her perilous position. Subsequently, she was playing at Boston, but her physician induced her to take a rest, as she was suffering from nervous prostra tion. She has latterly suffered the worst tortures that American newspaper notoriety can bring upon a sensitive person. She was periodically an nounced to be engaged to new fiances, and her comic opera and Shaksperian roles were constant ly caricatured. 