IN THE GALLERY. o When the discussion on the( Works Com- mission's report takes place~ilt is certain to fall very flat. We have been led to ex- pect too' much. Horrid disclosures and spicy revelations have been hinted at ; but they will never como. The reiioi t ¿s a dreary waste of largely unimportant evi- dence, and when we get the details the House will probably become entangled m the evidence, and soon give up the con- sideration of this monumental record of small beer and backstairs gossip. Mr. Murray said it would be convenient to him to have the discussion ¿t any time, where- at the Opposition laughed sardonically. It pretends to think that Mr. Murray starts like a guilty thing whenever the report ot the Commission is mentioned. It was stated that there is pressing need to legis- late against marsupials , tu«y are attack- ing the land not as single spies, but in Whole battalions. Only drastic legislation will «tay their ravages. The Government was chlded because it bad not proposed something " comprehensive" for mar- supials, something calculated to make them feel that they am being legislated for at every turn. It seems that It is not Illegal to advertise " consultations" In cer- tain circumstances, which explodes another popular belief. The Crown Solicitor says so, and he should know. The invitation to the Imperial troops to come here has been sent ; but Mr. Dickson has not vet had a reply. If It be accepted the Chief Secre- tary promises them a cordial recaption. The second reading of the Agricultural Lands Purchase Acts Amendment Bill was gone on with. There was nothing very, im- portant or Interesting In the debato, as wo have had Its leading principles often ex- plained, and the operation of the measure as it affects the small agriculturist is ,well known. But the debate led to a characteristic revelation of Labour infirmi- ties. The mind of your true democrat is Sicklied o'er with the pale cast of-suspi- cion ; only the cast is not pale ; it is lurid and angry. Possibly this attitude may be the wise one, because, as Sir Peter Teazle says, " It's a d-d wicked world," and we are all tolerably tainted with original sin. " You must not expect too much from human nature," said r^iche foucauld ; but that Is an aphorism, aud a political party should not pin its faith to an aphorism. It is all very well ; It /nay be possibly the last result of intellectual liberation to have your mind sensitively suspicious of everyone and everything ; but in politics chapter and verse are occa- sionally useful. One would like these Labour flagellators to supply an occasional fact for their charges-to givo some par ttcularlsatlon. Mr. Armstrong invited tho Leader of the Opposition to come into the open. He had said on the previous even- ing there was reason to suppose that the Lake Clarendon Estate had been sold to the Government for a figure much In excess of its real value. He had also hinted at undue Influence. Mr. Armstrong did not beat about the bush. He considered himself referred to, and he desired Mr. Browne to be good enough to give some proof for his state- ments-slanderous statements, he con- siders. Mr. Browne made a personal ex- planation, which sounded just like the typical servant girl's when she is asked for proof of a statement-some one had told her ; and, slmllnrly, Mr. Browne had " read it In the Press." As a rule Mr. Browne affects a lofty disdain of the Press ; but, then, this is only when It expresses opinions. Mr. Browne can find opinions for himself ; but when It comes to un- authorised libels against a political op- ponent, then, .hppaiently, Mr. Browne ac- cepts the Press blindfold. It really seems as If 'Mr. Browne had no authority at all for speaking as he did. Mr. Arm- strong objected to these estates being sub- mitted to Parliament before they are pur- chased ; he considers that the Land Court Bhould assess the values, and its decisions should be supreme. All sorts of partisan influences would be exerted if the proposed purchases were to be sanctioned by Par- liament. It was generally admitted that the Act had worked well and been instrumental in promoting a good class of settlement ; although Mr. Hardacre attempted some mild disparagement. - He quoted from an illustrious author named Epps,- not he of cocoa fame, but like bim grateful and in- vigorating. As Mr. Epr¡2.. was for years secretary of a body known as the National Association, a body peculiarly hateful in the eyes of all good Labour patriots, the quotation seemed to suggest that Mr. Hard acre had come across Mr. Epps hastily and had not fully grasped the import of this luminous " authority." Mr. Hardacro seems to think that the settlors on these repurchased estates are a peculiarly dis- honourable class, and he appears to enter- tain gloomy views as to whether tbey will ever pay their rents. At any rate, lie would like to see cash ; also to know that the Government hail a batter security ! Mr. J. Hamilton veiy concisely gave facts and figures to show the benefit of these purchased estates. Mr. Stewart was in favour of the bill, but to have said so and sat down would never have done. Mr. Stewart is a poli- tician ; he Is also Scotch, and dldatic, and he seems to think that the House is entitled to the benefit of his generalisations on every conceivable occasion. Like Mr. Fbdsnap, he has an offensive moral fore- finger, and with this dreadful weapon he Is for ever lecturing the House on the danger of neglecting Leading Principles and the necessity for acquiring Sound Views, and the Menace to the State if certain things are permitted to eat longer into the Vitals of the State. The House, walch, as a whole, feels its moral tone to be rather low, and exults In Its depravity, generally accepts Mr. Stewart's ethics with resignation, tem- pered by a desire to leave. He drew a very realistic picture of his own virtues after he bad approved of the bill. AU the dead scandals of land purchases, and the ghosts of scandals, and the baby bodies of scandalettes 'that had been Slaughtered before they had time to grow old in vice, were brought out during the debate as If the charnel-house of corrup- tion had been raked for this peaceful sub- ject of land purchases for small settlers. The annoying part about these exposures of loathsome fraud and treachery is that one never gets to the spicy parts. The feeling of the listener reminds one of the sweet Ingenue who stoutly defended. In a crowded drawing-room, the morality of " Roderick Random," because, Rhe de- clared, she had read every line of It with the purpose of discovering ' the tabooed passages and judging for herself, but haff not found them. Similarly, the House listens for the details of these assaults on the public purse, and is quite prepared to be harrowed, but the accusers always shle at the big fences ; tbey have no idea of a narrative. If It could only be shown that Mr. Dalrymple, wearing a false nose and red whiskers, had been seen leaving the Treasury, his pockets bulging with gold, It would be something. But wo never get anything so definite as this. Tho debate occupied the whole evening, nnd finally; the second reading was carried on the voices. The House adjourned at 11.28 p.m._ 