hotes m oefiiiY e»ts. The ways of iho pushful salesman are mysterious and past finding out. Now he appeals to his possible customers by pointing out that unless they purchase his medica ment they will probably die — which by theway is strictly true. Anon he plays upon their hopes and ambitions. An example of the latter method cropped up the other day at a meeting of the Municipal Council, when a letter was read asking the council to buy a certain brana or night sou destructor. The artful vendor, by way of extra induce ment, cunningly remarked that if it only became known that the Council meant to adopt this instrument, Albury's chance of becoming tha federal city would be consi derably enhanced. This ia going one better than the present federal capital commis sioner. Mr. Oliver is reported to have told the people of one place that the discovery of coal in the neighborhood would be an impor tant factor in giving weight to their claim, but he never said a word about; the destruc tor business. It seems to me unfair to give one town a start in this \ny. I espect Al bury to be the federal city, and I want it to be the capital, but let Albury win on its merits — not by any side wind from the Alexandra Park. I would, therefore, warn all claimants to provide themselves with destructors im mediately. Fair play is bonnie play ! «? * * * So much depends on the point of view, I was anxious to obtain a trustworthy defini tion of the term 'lady-help,' and I asked a housekeeper of my acquaintance to explain the term. This was her reply. ' You know Punch's advice to persons about to marry. If you have an idea of obtaining the services of a lady-help in your family, I would repeat that counsel and say 'Don't!' A lady- help is a person who will for a Bmall salary do the work which your wife or daughter could do without much trouble, but who will leave your wife and daughter to do everything that is uncomfortable and disagreeable, and will in face increase the total of that kind of work in your household.' This was discouraging, and seemed to be conclusive. On the principle of audi alteram vwtem. however, I captured a real live specimen of the genus and asked-for a definition, and this is what she told me — '? A lady help is a kind of general servant who, in return for her self-sacrifice in working for half the regular wages, is called 'miss. ' Shedoesall that a regular general servant does, and when called upon to perform services, the mere suggestion of which would evoke ' langwidge ' from a regular domestic, she has to remember that she is a lady, and do the work smiling.' Now, whioh of theae two authorities is right ? # * # * There are some items of intelligence that are above and beyond comment. In this category may, I think, be included the fol lowing powerful lines how being rendered by Parisian vocalists as a ' celebrated English song' :— Tinlret fcra.Tnw&7 o.lerfrvmen Bifteck rumateck rosbif van, Sandwich whitebaits lady lunch, Oheri-gobler, wiekey.ponche ; Aoh-yes all right shocking stop Pel-el why-not moton-chop Plunukek miousic steamer bpse, Boule-dogue high-life flve-o'clocks. Thr-ra-ra- boum-der-e, &c.; * # ;£ - # ?» Journalism in California is of a particularly ' live' character, more especially when a difference of opinion between rival journals drifts into active hostility. A San Francisco paper in a recent issue, after describing the correspondents of a contemporary aa ' lying clouts,' went on to remark that 'it ill becomes a political lattice tapper and painted Jezebel, a debauched debaucher of others like the to pin the garments of virtue on its reputation that is so diseased that all the medicinal waters of the Hob Springs cannot sweeten it again, and by echoing its own lies weave poison slander around the fair fame of an honestly-elected and high minded senator. We challenge it again to present the proof of its charges, or stand with one more brand added to the marka of sin that already deface it.' * * * * They make a great fuss in England aboub small things. For example, a Devonshire paper to hand by the last mail announces as a very extraordinary thing the fact that — ' A literary man, living in the weBt of Eng land, has for the last threa yenrs subsisted on one meal a day, that meal being composed chiefly of applea. The juice of the apple has also supplied him with all he requires for drink,' Now there is really nothing in this. I know lota of literary men who go for weeks without eating anything ar all, and who in the matter ? of drink are quite satisfied with the juice of the (alleged) grape, supplemented with a liquid prepared I believe from barley, and they make no noise about this frugality, though ifc is sometimes inducive to shouting at the handa of appreciative friends and admirers. * # * -x- An English papor to hand by the lust mail states that a veterinary surgeon baa received us a patient a fine alligator sent aa a presenb to a collector. The juv/ of tho alligator had unfortunately been broken in tho attouipt of the reptile to got at a railway porlor. Now on the face of it this statement is untruo. The unhappy saurian had, of course, been treated aB baggage, and sufiered accordingly. Bub anyhow, supposing the allegation to be cor rect, it only affords aa instance of railway mismanagement. Why should the poor alli gator have had to break ita jaw to get at the railway porter ? There iB no scarcity of rail way porters. The attention of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals may be directed to this painful and discredit able incident. LIPPON DAIRN. The River. — The Murray yeaterday was 10ft. 6in. over oummer level. The Commonwealth Bill. — The third reading of the Commonwealth Bill has been passed in the House of Commons amid cheera. New Magistrate.— Mr. S. G. Hoffcc&nui; of Walla Walla, waa sworn in as a magistrate at the court of quarter sessions by Mr. District Court Judge Heydon on Wednesday. Albury Hospital. — At a meeting or the committee held on Monday it was decided to allocate a sum of £100 annually, to be divided among the local medical men who chose to act as honorary surgeons to the institution. An Ejectment Case.— At the police court on Monday, Jamea Brougham waa sum moned by Dr. Andrews to give up possession of a cottage occupied by defendant. An order waa made for possession to be given in eight days. . The Plague.— The Mayor has reoeived from the Premier an intimation to the effect that as the plague is declining, the proposed purchase of a house for local quarantine purposes is considered unnecessary, and that the provision of tents will meet all probable requirements. A Juvenile Assault Case. — Two little girls named B. Robinson and Nellie Evano were summoned on Monday for assaulting another child named Ruby Cummings. Acoording to plaintiffs evidence the two defendants had slapped her face. The case was dismissed. Small Debts Court. — At this court on Monday the following cases were dealt with : — W. Calder v. Masters and Edwards ; claim for £6 Is. Verdict for plaintiff for £5 9s. with 4s. coats. W. N. Edmondson v. H. Bourke ; claim for £4 6s lOd. Verdict tor plaintiff. The Wodonga Railway Stationmaster. —Mr. T. E. 0. RosBon, stationmaster at Wodonga, who is about to leave for Warra gul, was entertained on Thursday by the local MaBonic Lodge. His successor is Mr. T. Broadbent, assistant stationmaster at Bendigo. The Wheat Market. — A slight rise in the wheat market noted in our last issue has been followed by a further advance. The riae is mainly attributable to the unpromis ing condition of crops in America, Germany, and France. In America much damage has been done by the Hessian fly, and in some parts by drought). Presbyterian.— Owing to a change in the arrangements for his visit to Wagga, the Rev. John Walker, the Assembly's Commis sioner for the Centenary Fund, is able to devote another Sunday to Albury, and will preaoh at Bungowannah on Sunday afternoon next, and at Albury in the evening. Mr. Walker will leave on Tuesday for Sydney. The Newtown Orphanage.— The Sisters of Mercy desire to acknowledge the receipt of £20 18s. from Miss E. Mongan and Messrs. Pusterla and Mangan, as proceeds of concert given by^ them in aid of the Newtown Orphanage. The siater desire to return their most grateful thanks for the kindness of MisB Mongan, and Messrs. Pusterla and Mangan to the institution. The Telegraph service. — The following persons are entitled to present themselves as candidates at the competitive examination of applicants for admission to the public service as poBtal and telegraph assistants, to be held on the 2nd July, H. J. Drosten, F. J. Jacobs, E. J. Kehoe, W. F. Leahy, J. O'Keeffe, P. Rockliff, N. N. B. Smith, A. H. H. Wilson. The WaggaShow. — The annual exhibition of the Murrumbidgee PaBtoral and Agri cultural Association will be held on 5th and 6th September. A very liberal and compre hensive prize list has been published, copies ot which may be obtained from the seoretary. Entries close on Tuesday, 21st August. Holiday oxcursiou tickets will be available on the railways. The show sales will be held on Friday, 7th Sepcember. Presentation to Superintendent Lent hall. — The offioers and men of the police foroe intend making a presentation to Super intendent W. E. Lenthall, who is retiring from the force after 40 years' service, and contemplates leaving for England early in July. . The men have arranged to give Mr. Lenthall a gold albert and locket and a valu able travelling bag, and a gold watch will be given him on behalf of the sub-inspectors and offioers of higher rank. The presenta tion will take place at the Central Police Court this evening. Local Grants. -Mr. T. H. Griffith, M.L.A., has received the following letter : — 'Department of Lands, Sydney, June 16. Sir, — I have the honor to inform you that the sum of £100 has been set apart by the Secretary for Land 3, out of this year's vote, for the improvement of the public parks and recreation reserves in your electorate ; the amount for each separate area being as follows, viz. : — Albury Botanic Gardens, £70 ; Bowna Park, £10 ; Jindera Recreation Ground, £10; Howlong Lowe Square £10. I have, &c;, H. Curry, Under-Seoretary.' The Cobram Bridge. — The construction of this bridge, which has for many years been the subject of agitation, is at length in a fair way of being commenced. Plans of the pro posed structure have been approved by tho Public Works Departments of New South Wales and Victoria, and tenders will be called for tho work on 10uh prox. The cost of building the bridge, which ia estimated at about £14,000, will be borne by Victoria, while the approaches on the New South Wales aide of the river will be constructed by the Government of that colony. Bank Changes. — Our Corowa correspon dent ..writes : — ' Mr. C. C. Ryrie, manager of the locaT branch of the Commercial Banking Company o£ Sydney, has received notice of his appointment to the relieving managers' staff of the head office. Since coming to C!r-rcw« gome two years ago, Mr. Ryrie has made niaS-Vy friends, who greatly regret bis departure. ' While in Corowa Mr. Ryrie took a great interest in cricket, and waa one of tho principals in bringing the Corowa club up to the position it at present holds. Mr. A. B. Brown, of the Germanton branch, will succeed Mr. Eyrie as manager of the local branch.' Licensing Court.— At the Albury Licen sing Court on Monday, H. O. Cannon was granted a booth license for tbo races on 4th July. The Bench announced that in future all applications for transfer of licenses must be lodged sevan clear days before the sitting of the oourt. A renewal of wine license was granted to William Godde, Eight-mile. On Wednesday, E. Murphy applied for a transfer to himself of the license for the Star Hotel. Mr. Nagle appeared in support of the appli cation- Applicant deposed that he had bought the business and secured a 3h years lease of the premises. Senior-sergeant Brown gave the applicant an excellent character, and the license was granted. Quarter Sessions. — The Albury court of quarter sessions was opened on Wednesday by Mr. District Court Judge Heydon. Mr. Harris held the briefs for the Crown. The only case on the list was that of Percy Wil liams, charged with forgery and uttering a cheque for £2 at Corowa. The prisoner pleaded guilty. Four previous oonvictions in Victoria were proved against him. His Honor, having read the depositions and a statement by the prisoner to the effect that the offence to which he now pleaded guilty was roally part of one for which he had already served a sentence, said he felt justified in passing a light sentence. Prisoner waa ordered to be imprisoned for one month with hard labor. Horticultural Society. — At the annual meeting of this society on Tuesday a satis factory balance-sheet was submitted, show ing a small credit balance. It should be stated, however, that this result was brought aboufy not by the amount of public support rendered, but by the very liberal donations of the different raem: bers of the committee. The election of officers resulted ao follows : — President, Mr. Lowe ; vice-presidents, Messrs. L. H. Drury and J. E. R. Fellowes; treasurer, Mr. Lowe; seoretary, Mr. G. B. Stelling ; committee, Messrs. J. Bell, H, Brunner, J. Brann, T. Molloy, P. L. Gray, W. Newton, H. Potts. and T. Greenfield, with power to add to their number. A vote of thanks was earned to the Mayor for his kindness in various ways. Federal Capital Association. — A meet ing of this body was held on Friday last, Mr. W. N. Sdmondson iu the chair, to deal with the following letter from Mr. Oliver : — 'I have the honor to forward herewith a lithograph showing the proposed site of the federal territory at Alburyv and request that you will be good enough to indicate thereon, by blue edging, the proposed site for the Federal Capital, and return same to me at your earliest convenience. Tho area to be set apart for the Federal Capital should not exceed 3000 to 4000 acres. — Yours, &o.;, J. Keating, Seoretary.' On the motion of Dr. Andrews, seconded by Dr. Kennedy, the following resolution was carried: — 'That the Bite pointed out by Mr. Barlow, and indicated on the plan, be suggested as a suitable site for the federal city, and that it be mentioned that there aro alternative sites that might be chosen of equal value.' Footballers' Entertainment. — A variety entertainment under the auspices of the Federal City Football Club took place on Monday night at the Mechanics' Institute. Tho principal novelty on the programme was an exhibition of waxworks, under tb.9 manage ment of Mrs. Jarley, that veteran show woman personally conducting the exhibition with as much vigour as when in her prime 50 yearo ago. The wax figures were wonder fully well made, and aa portraic models, exceptionally meritorious. In fact we have not seen anything like them before. After the audience had thoroughly enjoyed this striking and instructive exhibition, they were treated to a varied concert in which many well-known looal amateurs took park, The performers included Madame Herz, Miss Brown, Messrs. C. Schniiedt, S. Kelton, and Mangan. Before the close of the entertain ment the Mayor, Mr. W. Billson, formally presented the club with two footballs, trophies of their victory on Saturday in the match with the Imperials. Eailway Extension on the Victorian Border. — The residents of tho Victorian border districts are still agitating for further railway extension. At a recent meeting of tho agricultural society at Shepparton rofer once was made by the president to the desirability of connecting the Goulburn Valley railway line with the North-Eastern syBtem, by a oross-country line from Dooliie to either Devenish or Goorambat. - The shiro council was assisting in the movement, and he advised the society to do the same. Mr. W. Daley proposed that tho society give strong support to the move ment, and ask Messrs. Brown, Kennedy, and Graham, M's.L.A., and the member for Eodney, to support the same. The freight age on produce to Albury was at present ex cessive, and the Riverlna was supplied in times of drought by various parts of this colony, including Shepparton and the Goul burn Valley district. The railway committee should be invited to come and see for them selves the advantages of such a line to the district, especially if Albury is made the Federal capital, the motion was carried. The Equitable Life Assurance Society. —In last week's issue we drew the attention of our readers to what is undoubtedly the strongest life assurance society in the world, viz., 'The Equitable of the United States.' We understand that it is the intention of the management to shortly establish a branch of the sooiety in Albury, and in the meantime we are gratified to learn from Mr. C. B. Morrison (the society's representative for southern lines) that arrangements have been made with MesRrs. C. L. Griffith and Co. to act as local agents for the society. We do not hesitpte to say that the ' Equitable ' are to be congratulated in having secured the support and influence of so widely-known and highly-esteemed a firm as Messrs. C. L. Griffith and Co., and also the services of Mr. H. F. Jackson, so popularly known throughout the district, who will act in the capacity of travelling agent for the society. There are many features in connection with the Equitable which cannot fail to recom mend every intending assurer to take out a policy with the society. The chief of which, perhaps, is the fact that it can boast of having the largest surplus over allliabilities, on every standard of valuation, of any other life office in the world, totalling over 12£ millions of pounds, which belongs to the policyholders. Any information desired by those who may be contemplating taking out a polioy on their lines will be gladly supplied by the Equit able Society's representative, Mr. C. B. Morrison, who is staying at the Globe Hotel, or by the local agents. Peace Celebration at Wodonga. — At a meeting of the Wodonga committee for the celebration of the declaration of peace held at the Shire Hall on Thursday evening, the shire president (Mr. H. Smith) presided, and the whole of the members were present), with the exception of Mr. H. H. U. Scott and the hon. treasurer. The resignation of the hon. treasurer (Mr. J. Ryan) was received, the writer explaining the reason which had in duced him to take that stept. Mr. Ryan's resignation was accepted, and Mr. John Whan was elected in his place. It was moved by Mr. Whan, seconded by Rev. G. T. Well ing, and carried, that the hon. secretary write to Mr. J. G. Wigg, the hon. treasurer of the Queen's diamond jubilee celebration at Wo donga, asking whether he would be willing to hand ovor the unexpended moneys in his possession, amounting to about £3 8s. On the motion of Eev. G. T. Welling, seconded by Mr. Welshman, the hon. secretary was directed to write to the head teachers of the various State sohools in the shire of Wodonga also the head teacher of the Baranduda State Sohool, informing them that it is proposed to entertain the school children on the day set appart to celebrate the declara tion of peace, and asking for their coopera tion and assistance. On the motion of Mr. S. Mason, jun., seconded by Mr. J. C. Hamilton, it was decided to write to the members of the Legislative Council for the province and the member for the district in the Legislative Assembly, soliciting their co-operation. After arranging that the nexb meeting should be held on Wednesday, 11th prox., the meeting adjourned. Albury Debating Society. — The Albury Debating Society held a public night on Thursday evening, when a number of friends of the members took advantage of an invita tion to be present and take part in the pro ceedings. Mr. G. A. Thompson occupied the chair. For this occasion the ordinary routine was abandoned. Premier and members, leader of the Opposition and his following, were content to suspend hostilities aud take part in a series of discussions upon all kinds of subjects. The modus operandi was aa fol lows : — The names of all present were put in a hat. In another hat were placed the sug gested subjects of discussion, and one paper from each hat being drawn by an officer bound under frightful oaths to observe strict impartiality, each members in turn found himself called upon to deliver an im promptu address upon a topic with which he might or might not have any acquaintance. Two speakers, it should bo stated, were drawn for one subject, bo that both sides of every question Bhould be impartially presented. The result was in all cases interesting, in some amusing. A clever exhibition of de plomucy was made by the member entrusted with *' Ghosts.' He gave an able historical sketch, tending to show that in all ages oome of the greatest minds had given evi dence of their belief in these interesting psychological phenomena. To show that tho same belief still to a large extent existed, he referred to the aversion evinced by most people to passing the midnight hour alone in a churohyard. He incidentally threw some light on tho absur dity of such superstition ; but finally in the moat artful, not to say unkindly manner, left his audience utterly in the dark as to his own convictions in the matter. The first speaker called on to deal with ' Anarohy ' denounced in good Bet terms the crimes committed by the disciples of that cult. The second, whilsb averse to bloodshed, clung to the view that anarchy did not necessarily involve crime, but was in fact only another name for social ism and kindred agencies for the furtherance of much-needed social reforms. ' Bresa ' formed the subject of lively discussion. One member, whilst deprecating extravagance, contended that care in dress was conducive to self- respect and to material success in life. The next speaker strongly de nounced over-dressing in men, but was especially forcible in condemning the present system of overdressing infants. The general tendency of his remarks, indeed, seemed to favour the plan of dispensing with attire altogether in the case of small people, and as he had evidently a large acquaintance with the subject in all its details it may be expected that in the near future Albury babies will dispense with much, if not all, of their present garments. The ticklish ques- : tion 'Is the World Getting Better' was determined very unequivocally in the nega tive by a gentleman of decidedly pessimistic tendencies. The problem 'What is Most Required in Australia' was handled first by a member who thought that good legislation was the firat thing wanted. He was followed by another who held that capital and population for the development of natural advant ages were of primary importance. One of the visitors acquitted himself very creditably when called upon to deal with Australian literature. Another delivered an able little speech on the propriety of Civil service retiring allowances, though it is probable that the snbject announced 'old age pensions ' had been intended to bear a somewhat wider application. At intervals some vocal music was given by one of the members, and Mr. Blake contributed several gramophone selections. In this way a very pleasant evening was passed, and the visitors are indebted to the society for a couple of hours of amusement and instruction. Death of a Police Officer. — Metro- politan papers record the death a few weeks since, in his 65th year, of Mr. David Cowan, formerly well known in several parts of the colony as an active and intelligent member of the policfi force, in which he held the rank of senior-sergeant. For a period of five years he was stationed at Muawellbrook, and on his removal from that district in Feb ruary, 1896, he was the subject of a highly complimentary address from the Bench.' The Police Magistrate referred in eulogistic terms to the conscientious and zealous manner in which, he had carried out his duties, and ex pressed the heartiest good wishes of the Bench for his future prosperity. A local solicitor, on behalf of the legal profession, warmly eudorsed the remarks of the police magistrate, and testified to the ability and integrity of Senior-sergeant Cowan in the performance of his onerous duties. Two years later Sergeant Cowan retired from the force after 35 years good service. He was then stationed at East Maitland, and fcho Mercury of 24th June, 1898, contains a report of a presen tation to him by the police of various places where he had been stationed. The testi monial took the form of a purse of sovereigns and an address. There were also some supplementary presents from the single men at the barracks. The address ran as follows : — 'To Mr. David Cowan, ex-Senior-aergeant. Dear Sir,— We desire, on your retirement from the police force of New South Wales, to convey our appreciation of you as an officer of the forco during the past 34 years you have been associated with us, discharging the im portant duties appertaining to the offices you have filled to the satisfaction of your superior officers for such a lengthened period, and also for your acts of courtesy manifested towards many of us in the execution of our duties. We beg your acceptance of the address and accompanying purse of sovereigns as a small token of our esteem for you, andwetruatib will be the means of reminding you of the many years you have served in the force, and of us who have been so closely connected with you in the discharge of the responsible duties of your office, and we sincerely trust that you will be spared to see many returns of this day, enjoying the well-earned reward for your many years of faithful service.' The Mercury adds : — ' Senior - sergeant Cowan has seen some rough service. In the sixties and seventies a constable's life was a good deal rougher than it is now. When first appointed to the charge of the Stroud district the work was heavy, and many a time the senior-sergeant had to ride 70 miles in a day. When the gold rush took place he had further work thrown upon his shoulders, yet it was all efficiently done, and he was rewarded by the thanks of his superior officers. Indeed, wherever he went hi3 conduct met with the approval both of those with whom he worked, and the resi dents of the district. To-day there is not a man in the force or out of it but has a good word for the genial senior- sergeant.' Ser geant Cowan, who was a brother to Mrs. G. Blakely, of Bungowannah, leaves a widnw, one daughter, and four sons. One of the latter is engaged in the accountant's depart ment of this journal. Sale of Hotel and Farm.— Mr, Charles Hiugcock, in conjunction with Messrs. George Butterworth and Co , will Bell at Hay on 20th July Mr. O'Conneli'a farm at Cartathool, and Hetriott's Hotel, with o large block of land, in the township of Carrathool. The farm is highly improved, and the hotel is a commodious build ing of 30 rooms, let to a good tenant at a satis* factory icntal, '?: 