P o l i t i c s I n A m e r i c a * T H E GOLD STANDARD, BRYANITEB IN A PITIA BLE CONDITION. Both Houses of tbe new Congres#, is session for the pest three weeks, are in harmeny with tb* President with respect to his polioy eoneirniDg Cubs and our new inaoiar possessions, aad also with regard to other important questions. The first part of (bis harmonious agreement is seen is the prompt passage in the House of a Bill clearly deolsring gold (the dollar of tha present weight and finsneei) to be the standard of our earreaoy. I t has bean the standard sines 1878 a t least, but an emphatic attraction of this fact was much to be desired, owing to ths attempts in rtoeot y s s n to undermine the standard by dangsrous silver legislation, and because some Americsns were in doubt about it. Besides, it was deiirabU that ther* should be new laws to enable ih# Govern meat to maintain the standard in times of stress. This Hour* Bill contains provisions Tor tbat purpos*. Tb* redemption reserve is to be guarded; the Treasury is empowered to replenish it and it esouot he drained oat anc exhausted by what has been called " th s endless chain ” of repeated redemptions ot United State* notes. Beyond some provisio n which will tend to iucieavs slightly tbe vslus of national bank notes iu circalatinn, tbe Bill does out attempt to reform oor pet eh work eurt*uey,orgiv« it elatticily to meet the varying demands of bofiineei and tbe seasons. For this ther# is required a thoroagh re-orgtoira upon tbs basis of legislation pe mitticg bank* (0 issue cote# 00 tbe security of ootomvreisl assets Kurb legislation could not be passed n^w. Tne House Gold Standard Bill, with 1 some modifications not tffsoiingite obief purpose will be passed in (be Senate before M troh 1. In tbat body there is no longer a silv«r majoriiy. la tbe Bouse ell tbe Republicans and 11 Democrats voted for the Bill, and it w«s a curious eoiosidrnce that immediately after the decision formal announcement Waa made of (h* dpith of Rtpreieotc'ir# Richard P. filaud, who began the fight for the free ooioag* of silver23 ytars %*o, and was the tu >st oouspicnou* figure on therilvsr rids unril Bryan rap’ vstrd a national convention in 1896 by hie eloquent*, Bland is dead, aad th# silver e'aodcrd is buried with bias A good and salutary change in the attitud* of tfi* Republican party towards this qneition is to be noted. Five years •go tbe party Under* ware afraid to utter tbe word " g o ld " They were "frieods ef silver," etriving for bimetallism and international coinage agrevments, aod ready to conciliate tbe silver men by all ■o**a M compromises. Mr McKinley fcUMctf only a few yean ago denounced fp p jq s n t CJerslaad because h it attitude towards the question of the standard was what his own is at th* praisfit time, flat th* Rspabliosn party is on firm ground now. I hs e l m ghost will walk no more. Tbe optn revolt of 11 Democrat* in ths Reuse would have involved a larger number if the bare question of (he trto coinage of silver at tbe ration of 16 to 1 (•till the ebief tenet of ib* Bryanit* Democratic party) could have been submixtei to a votf. '\ h*t party is u.-w in a pitiable condition. A m#joriiy would like to gel rid of th* old silver doctrine, but ee* go way easily to do so. Besides, they have nothing to put in ils piece, ,Mtempts to substitute opposition to " tr a it" combinations, and thO' Republican, colonial, or expansion rolioy, have thus far com* to nothing. Both parties oppose Croats, aod neither suggests any reasonable remedy for them. A liTg* majority of the people approve thU'acquisition of Porto Rico, and tbe Philippines, and Congress will jprobibly in the near future provide for taking one of the Gallepegof Islands (off the coast of Bcnador), and, possibly for tbs purchase of tbe Danish West Indies, as well as for tbe acceptance of the Bemoan island of Tutoil*. The Prrsidrm,'# xdcfmbs, in (he parts relating to the colonial policy, contained notbiDg novel or striking, beyond certain recommendations about tariff. He turns tbe subject over to Congress, but he will be permitted to proceed open tie present (ioes, T hst is to say, he will suppress the Filipino insurrection, and establish municipal governments wherever this is praotieabls. Tbe islands are ours, he says, and we ought to keep them. Congress agrees with him abont tbi*. We must keep our pledge to rive the Cabin* independence if (bey waut ii, he goes on to sey, bat we ought to help 'hem, and develop thrir capacity for government before we let go of them. H edidii.tend to substitute io Cuba a civil governor for th* present ilitary governor, but the Cubens protested from one end of ths island to tbs other- That looked to them too much like psrmansnt role. Therefore, be gives them a new military governor in the person of General Leonard Wood, tbe finest colonial administrator disclosed in America by tb* war with Spain; Wood was a surgeon, who went to Cuba in command of Governor Boosevslt’a " Rough riders." Lie wa* apidly promoted, and at (be ciese of tu* ar was nude Governor of Santiago, bsre, by hit tact and sanitary knowedge hs has acQompliebed wonders, armonising (he fastions, cutting down he death, rate, paviog tbe streets, uilding roads, and generally promotng (he welfare of the people. The resident now gives him tbe wboJe sland, 1 3 makes tbe sorgson a Major- ’ I eneral. j 