THE LOST SHEPHERD. By. .W. W. i .reat proportion of my readers will, „„ doubt, be so familiar with every "wo of Australian life that any at tempt upon my part to make them ac- n -minted With tne uunes auu maimer nf existence of a Victorian shepherd is miite needless ; but there may be a who bave never seen the . broad, rolling plains of our Australia, or the woollv backs of a large flock moving in search of feed under the scattered trees of a park-like forest. !t is an interesting sight, when the feed is geod, and the countless sheep do not look starved, as they do, poor things, in those terrible dry years, wlieu every blade of grass is burnt up Ijv a fiery sun, and there is not a drop of water for wide miles. Then the shepherd's lot is a hard one ; to walk as (jaickly as the poor animals do who ire eagerly pushing on to snatch a stray dry blade here, and another there, and in vain hope, no doubt, of seeing some clear water-pool, for which the weary animals are longing, is no easy task. Even the poor, faithful dog is worn out. rounding in the flock with a hoarse bark, for bis tongue is dry and hot ; he is glad, when a moment's rest jj, permitted him, to fall down under the shade of a bush and pant in peace for a second or two, out of the fearful sun-rays that pour down with killing iutensity. But there are many pleasant sum mers when the shepherd's life must be au easy one. Rich grass growing thickly under the shady trees prevents (he flock from wishing to wander far ther than the near creek, where deep wnterholes reflect the branches that droop over them ; and then the shep herd can stretch himself under a bush nud sleep, or read, or smoke, as his tastes may incline him, until the sun warns him that he has barely time to drive the flock home to the yard, near his hut, before dark. To the married shepherd, whose "hut- keeper" is his own wife, and 'who can look forward to seeing the little band of children running out to meet him, and the favorite dog, as they return, the hour of evening must fully repay him for all the tedious loneliness of the day. The bark "but" in the midst of the still bush, perhaps miles from any other home, is very often a pleasant sight ; you come upon a foot-track, it may be worn by the children's pattering feet trudging to and fro from the nearest Common School, and if you follow it for miles through wattle bushes, tall anil drooping peppermint trees, or stout and gaunt, eucalypti j you will come upon a rude home, so suited in appearance to its surrounding loueliness and bush tbat you cannot help admir ing its locality : although one might tiud a. long residence there like ban ishment. from the outer world. The Rock Hut on the station of Wairan was situated at the foot of a bill covered with granite boulders, from whence its name. A creek, with the usual deviousuess of Australian creeks, twisted and turned almost round upon itself over the near " flat " ; and green ness, such as only an Australian has ever seen, enveloped the hut upon every side. It was apparent that the Rock Hnl was under the influence of woman, for barn door fowl were pecking about the door, and goats, with young, frisking kids, were resting in its shadow ; while now and then a pretty young woman might be seen bustling in and out as she attended to her household duties. It was still early in the forenoon of a lovely summer day, when along the faint track, worn through the grass by ilie cart, which brought " rations " from the home staliou to the Rock Hut, a man on horseback made his appear ance ; and as he slowly rides toward die hut, I will try and describe him to you. Harper Castles was a stockrider on the station of Wairan, and he was a good-looking young man, of not more ilmn twenty-five years at. most. His fair Iniir was curly and glossy, his brown whiskers and moustache care fully tended, and there was- almost a womanly prettinpss in his small, delic ate features, and in the softness of his blue eyes. He had a gentlemanly air, too, and paid nil the attention to his dress that youth nud a sense of his own good looks were sure to generate. His rid ing-boots were carefully polished, and of the best material and lit ; his gay, Crimean shirt, shown to advantage, as ho wore neither coat nor vest, was the finest (Jiat money could purchase ; and the Panama liat that partially covered his glossy hair was" the very finest made. The horse he rode was his own, and a great favorite. It was a half- blood, bright bay, and Harper was proud of its boasted speed and of the slender, shining limbs that were so well adapt ed to sudden roundinga after Hie. cattle in the wild bush. As the jaunty stockrider pulled up at ilie Itock Hut, a very pretty and youth ful woman came to the doon She was only about eighteen yearss- old, and many were the wonders of the people on the station however so gentle and superior a woman had come to be the wife of au elderly, crabbed man like surly Jerry Round, The shepherd was a widower, with a sou of some fifteen years, who lived with hint at the Rock Hut.; and, how ever it happened, true enough it was that pretty" Ellen was the wife of Terry, and bad only been married to him a short time when they came to V'airan. " Good- morning, Mrs. Round ; I am really glad to see you once more going shout. How is the baby ?" " Oh, he's all right, Mr. Castles, thank you. He's asleep just now, and thriv ing finely," replied the shepherd's wife, with a hlush. " Where are you going to-day?' "I'm going to the township, Mrs. Bound, and as it was only about a mile out of my way, 1 came to see if I could bring you anything from the store. I heard Jerry saying the other day that you wanted some little thing in the drapery line." N "It is very kind of you, Mr. Castles. I do often wish we were a little nearer the township ; but nine miles and back is quite too much for me to walk, more especially now that baby's here. It was something to make a pair of trousers for Tom that we wanted, and you would be a better judge than me as to a good stout wearing piece." " What sort of trousering, "Mrs. Round —is it woollen ? or what ?' " Upon my word I scarcely know. I wish you could see Jerry himself, and ask him." " Where is he to-day ?' " He took the flock down to Green Flat this morning ; he hasn't been round tbat way for a good while now, and tlie creek is bandy." "Ah, you see that's entirely out of ruy way ; -but couldn't you give me some idea yourself ? Are the trousers to be for every day, or Sundays ?' " Oh ! a sort of better pair, Mr. Castles." " Well, then, I'll make a guess, Mrs. Round, and if it don't suit, why I'll get you to make a jumper out of it for. my self : and now good-bye to you." " Good-bye, Mr. Castles." Harper rode off like an arrow from a bow, but he sighed heavily as he rode; and as Mrs. Round looked after him until he disappeared in the distant bush, she sighed, most strauge to say, too. But she soon turned to look fondly on the sleeping infant in the cradle, and in watching the soft, peaehy checks and rounded limbs with all a mother's admiration, she soon forgot the cause of her sigh, if she had ever time to analyse it. It was not very late in the afternoon when Harper came scouring, with the speed of a steeplechase, over the grass, and Tom, who had returned from the school .lie had been attending for some mouths, hastened out to the door to see the material in which he was so much interested. " Mother, here's Mr. Castles. Did you. bring the stuff, Mr. Castles ?" " I did, my boy," replied Harper, who looked boated and hurried ; and as Mrs Rouud came to his side he handed her the parcel. "I can't wait till you. examine it, Airs. Round, for I'm rather late, and I have to ride in some horses to the home station ; but if it does not please Jerry, just make it into a jumper for me, will you, like a kind creature ?" " All right, sir. But I don't think Nelly ought to do much more to-day ; she's terribly warm." "Yes," xeplied Harper, patting his mare's ueck, " she is warm ; it has beeu a very hot day, and I feel it my self. Will you give me a drink of cold tea. if you have it ?" Mrs. Rouud brought him the tea ; and then the stockrider bade her good- afternoon, and rode away. About two miles from tlie Rock Hut, at the crossing of a creek, was a road side iun, and tlie pretty barmaid of the said inn was considered to be what is colonially termed " shook " after the good-looking young" stockrider. Whether or not Harper returned her ad miration, whieli was pretty evident, Sarah herself had not yet found out ; but asmile from Harper, and an' in sinuating compliment, spoken in a low voice, made the poor girl happy for a week after. On the afternoon in question, Harper took tlie " Creek Hotel " on bis way, and as lie did not. dismount, Satali was soon out to pay attention to his wants. " How warm you look, Harper, and liow tired ! Are you going to have anything ?" "Yes; bring me same brandy and water, like a dear girl. It has beeu an awful liot day, and I've beeu at the Back township." " Won't you get down V" " No, Sarah, I'm in a hurry ; so, do be quick, like a dear." Sarah soon returned with the re quired refreshment, and as Harper drank it she remarked that bis hand, as he lifted it, trembled like a leaf. " You "look as pale as a ghost," she said, as she received tbe glass from his hand, and slipped it into the month of the water-jug she carried in her hand. " The sun has been dreadful to-day," said the youug rider, bending over bis saddle as if to examine his right spur. " Such weather is enough to kill the strongest man in the world." What was it he saw that sent the blood mounting up to his temples, and caused liim to bury his spurs so deeply into Nelly's sides that she almost reared, aud turned round until she had placed her opposite side to Sarah ? " What's the matter with Nelly, Har per ? I never saw her play up like that." "She's in a hurry to go, Sarah, thaFs all. I say, have you got a handker chief in your pocket ? I've lost mine, and my bead is like to split ; I'm afraid I've got a touch of a sunstroke." Sarah drew from her pocket her white handkerchief, and with a commiserat ing look handed it to Harper. He took it, and spread it out on his knee with trembling fingers. Sarah's name was marked in one corner, and be read it aloud. " ' Sarah Elves,' a pretty, sweet name —far prettier than Sarah Castles. Sarah, do you love me 1" he asked, sud denly lifting his head, and looking down into the affectionate eyes of the pretty girl. " It is not a fair time to ask such a question, Harper," she replied, blush ing with happiness. " Well, I shall ask it at a more favor able one, dear girl. Meanwhile, you do not say no ?' " I do not say no; Harper." . "Thank you, darling. And now, may I keep this handkerchief to remind you of this ?" " You may." Harper crumpled up the handkerchief in his hand, and pressed it to his lips ; then be took the jug from Sarah, and, dipping the cambric in the water, he took off his hat, and began wiping his face and forehead. " I am sorry you don't feel well, dear Harper. But hear, there's Mrs. Sims calling me." " I will wait for you, Sarah ; and bring ine another glass when yon come back." At Harper's saddle-bow, in a pocket prepared for the purpose, rested the head of a bright tomahawk, an article which every busbman is sure to find useful. It formed a balance, as it were, to the coiled stock whip, with Its daintily- carved myall handle, that hung on the right "side of the saddle. No sooner did Sarah turn her back than Harper drew this tomahawk from its pocket, and commenced carefully rub bing it with tbe barmaid's moistened handkerchief. He seemed very particu lar, but tbe little axe was returned to its place, and the cambric in his pocket when Sarah came hack. " Here is your drink, Harper ; are you better now ?" "Yes, Sarah, thank you ; and now I must beoff." " When will you be going to the Rock Hut?' " Tbe Rock Hut ! Let me see, not to-morrow, for I'm . going to Swinton's, but the day after I'll be in that direc tion, I think. What "can I do for yon?' Mrs. Sims says, will yon be good enough to ask Mrs. Round to keep every egg she can spare for us ; every one of our fowls has knocked of laying !" " Pll not forget ; and now, good-bye; darling; don't forget me, Sarab, will you?' " Ob, no !" " I'll be round in a day or two." " For the evening ?' " Yes, for the evening, if I can man age it !" and away rode the young man, leaving Sarah Elves with a happier heart than she had ever known in her life before. It was rather a strange destination or fate to which Harper Castles consigned the pocket handkerchief, with the " pretty sweet name " on it, and which Sarah Elves fancied he considered such a treasure. When he had reached a lonely spot in the bush, on his way borne, he alighted from Nelly's back, and, gathering together a small heap of dry bushes, he lighted a match and set fire to them. Then he carefully spread thcsquare of soiled cambric on the top, and watched until every scrap of it was consumed, when, after scattering the very ashes, with a portiou of an un- burnt branch, he remounted and rode home. Tlie following early morning saw Harper once more on horseback. He bad to attend a pound sale, at a dis tance of twenty miles, his employer wishing to secure some horses that were expected to go very cheap ; and it was late at night before he returned. Mr. Campbell, tbe proprietor of Wairan, himself met him in the stable yard; "I bave been longing for you all day, Castles," he said ; " the shep herd, Round, is missing ; and there is not a mau on the station knows the run as well.as you do." " The shepherd, Round, sir, missing !" " Ye6 ; his dog and flock returned without him last night, it seems : and early this morning his boy, Tom, was over to tell us about it. Tbe men bave been scouring about all day, but they have beeu unsuccessful." " That's a bad job, Mr. Campbell ; I suppose I can do nothing to-night ?" " No, nothing ! Why, it's as dark as pitch, and there is no mooD. No, we. can only begin again in the morning." " What can it be, sir ? Don't yon think he may have bolted, like Jack did ?' " Not likely, I think ; Jerry has a young wife, and infant, too. No ; it may be a fit or something, but God only knows." The next day was spent in riding through the bush in every direction near the place where Jerry was sup posed to have taken liis flock/ Far- ties of men on. foot,, too, looked through the undergrowth; and in vain upon tlie dry grass, tried to find tracks of tlie missing man. Thus passed several days, and al though the services of the distant po lice were sought and obtained, nothing could be discovered of Jerry, the shep herd of Wairan. It was a week before Harper ventured to visit the despairing Mrs. Round. If she had not either loved or esteemed the ill-tempered man, whose name she had accepted as a resource from poverty aud .temptation, he was at least the father of the baby who lay in Its cradle; and the unknown manner "of what slie was sure was his death lay heavily at her heart, and shrouded her in gloom. At length Harper disuiouuted at the door of tlie now sad-looking Rock Hut. and fastening Nelly to the post, he did what he had never done before— he en tered the hut, and advanced to the young woman, who sat leaning against the side of tlie rude chimney, looking at the baby that lay asleep in the cradle at her foot. She rose at Harper's entrance, and si lently took the hand he held out to her, while the expression of sympathy that the very action conveyed was qnite sufficient to canse the tears to run down over her pale cheeks. " It is very bad, dear Mrs. Round ; but do not give way if you can help it. I should have come before, only I did not like to face you until it was useless for man to search more." " God reward you, Mr. Castles ! Wherever it is, now it is all over ! It is hot," she cried, bursting into a fit of sobs, "it is not tbe loss, though it is bad euougb for the fatherless child; but to think of Jerry lying dying, per haps for days, in the bush, and no help hear him, or no one to hear his last sigh !" How Harper's heart bounded," even though bis face paled at her words ! How he rejoiced to hear her acknow ledge that it was "not for herself she missed him ! " Dear Ellen," he said, calling her for the first time by her Christian name, "poor Jerry cannot have died as you think, or we should have found the body." - " What way, then ?— what way, Mr. Castles, or how ?" " God knows. - Perhaps he slipped into the ' Deep Waterhole' when get ting a drink ; that seems to be the general opinion." " But it has been dragged." "The Deep Waterhole couldn't be dragged to the bottom, Mrs. Round. During the most terrible drought Aus tralia has ever known, the bottom of that hole has never been seen ; it is supposed it goes down in a cleft of the reef that runs through it, for the water is always a little brackish." Mrs. Round sighed as she tried to com pose herself, and rocked with her foot the cradle of the moving Infant. "What do you intend to do, Ellen ?" inquired the stockrider, drawing his stool nearer her, and looking tenderly into her pale face. " I came over on purpose to ask you, and to tell you that while Harper Castles has a strong pair of arms, neither you nor yonr dear in fant shall want home or subsistence." Ellen Round could not reply ; she could only look her gratitude, through tears, into the white face of her trembling visitor. " Tom Is all right," continued he ; "Mr. Campbell says he can well take care of the flock— Jerry's flock," he added. " But I do not think yon can live here now, Ellen, so lone, and in the bush." " Oh, yes ! If Tom stays with the flock I shall be all right," said the poor woman, trying to smile—" I can still be ' hutkeeper,' you know." And so it was. Weeks passed into months, and Tom Round carefully tended his father's flock, and his young stepmother shared his rations. Harper Castles was a constant friend, and many , little presents he brought to the Rock Hut that comforted and assisted its inmates. At length people began to whisper that Harper Castles was anxious to make Ellen Round his wife, aud that the uncertainty of her husband's death alone prevented her from giving a glad consent. And the report was true, for Harper had confided his wish to Mr. Campbell, and sought his advice. Things were in this state, when one night, the Rock Hut being steeped in the still darkness of the Australian bush, Ellen Round roused up her step- sou, who slept on a stretcher at a right- angle with her own bed. " Tom ! Tom ! for God's sake, waken up !" " What is it, mother ?" cried the lad, starting up. " Oh, look, Tom ! your father' is in the hut. Oh-, my God in heaven above ! Look at his face !" " Mother, you are dreaming !" cried the frightened boy, starting forward, and shaking the horrified woman. "See, there is nothing ; you are only dream ing." " Are you blind, Tom ?' she whis pered, with a shudder. " Look just in front of the door, near the stool— oli-! oh !" And the frightened crea ture fell back upon her bed in a faint Tom Round was only a lad, but he was no coward. One glance had con vinced him tbat it was only fancy upon his mother's part ; for the logs, which are so plenty in Australian bush homes; aud which the wet night had rendered acceptable in the chimney, were burn ing brightly enough to illume the small hut, in which there was neither corner nor cupboard to form a hiding-place. So Tom rose, and lighted a candle, and his stepmother soon recovered, to feel glad when the first gleam of day peeped be tween the slabs of tbe hut. This dream, or vision, or whatever it was, made a deep impression on Ellen Round. As it happened, Harper did not make his appearance at the Rock Hut upon that day, and the pretty ner vous woman was sorry for it ; for she was doubly anxious to see and impart to bim her convictions of the night. AU day she went about like tine un der tbe influence of a terror, even in the sunny light of a Victorian day ; and as the night came on, and Tom had yarded his flock, she was almost too terrified to -try and rest, so sure was she that Jerry had been foully mur dered, and that he would visit her nightly until his body had been dis covered. And, sure enough, in the dead of the night, she once more aroused the terri fied boy. He had taken care to have a good, blazing fire, but in the same spot near the door she still declared while the perspiration stood like dew upon her forehead, that her dead hus- baud stood and waited. Ellen Round had remembered, among some of the old legends of ber child hood, that a visitant from the world o spirits was not permitted to speak un til a mortal had first addressed it ; so, with a courage inspired by terror and desperation, she spoke. v- " Jerry, in God's name, speak !" But there was no answer, only the pleading voice of Tom, assuring her that the vision existed only in her own imagination. " Can I not see, mother ? The hut's as light as day, and there is not even a shadow between us and the door." But Ellen only shook her head, and sat up watching until she could no longer see the dreadful form of the dead shep herd. It was a glad sight to poor Ellen, as she stood, pale and weary from her fears and night watches, at the hut door, when the handsome figure of Har per Castles alighted from his horse, and came to greet her. There was no re straint between them now, and q per fect understanding, pretty Ellen thought— for she loved him as she had never known how to love before. "Did you miss me yesterday, Ellen 'love ?' be asked, as be folded ner in his arms. " I could not come, for we ware branding, and the day seemed terribly long to me." "Ob, Harper, I did indeed miss yon. 1 had such a terrible thing to tell you. Oh, Harper, I've seen Jerry !" The stockrider staggered back as if be bad received a blow from some un- seen hand, and he became whiter than Nelly'is saddle-cloth, . which, with Its crimson binding, he- was so careful to keep clean. ! " Seen Jerry !" "Yes, as sure as I see you, Harper! He came the night before last, and stood jnst where yon stand now, and looked at me with a look that I can -never forget." Harper hastily moved from the place where lie stood, looking with terror be hind him as he did so ; but then, with a strong effort, he recovered himself, and tried to smile at Ellen's supersti tion. " Dear Ellen, you are so nervous and imaginative. If Jerry is really dead— as we have no doubt be is— it is not possible that he should return in the body, wlrioh is surely rotten by this time." As Harper tried to speak so con fidently, ' however, he shuddered from head to foot " I know all that you would say, dear Harper ; but truth is truth, and Jerry lias come to call for vengeance ! It might have been a dream or imagina tion, if you will, the first night, but I saw him again last night, and spoke to him, and, as sure as there is a heaven above us, Jerry has been murdered." " Murdered !" . Harper, gasped out that one word, and leaned against the wall for sup port.. " Murdered, Ellen ?" " Yes ; he had no eyes, for a horrible cut iu the middle of his face seemed to have crushed all the bones in and, oh, Harper, although he had no eyes, I felt him looking at me, and he seemed to look with blood !" Harper staggered back and fell into a seat, his white face and quivering fea tures frightening the poor, loving Ellen so that she blamed herself for telling Harper at all. " Oh, don't be so horrified, dear Har per ! Perhaps it was only fancy, after all, and I will try and get over it. Rouse up, like a dear fellow, and never miud my foolishness. " Are you sure, Ellen," whispered he, making a terrible effort to get a rea sonable excuse for bis emotion,- "are you quite sure, it was not he himself alive ?" " Poor, dear fellow !" thought Mrs. Rouud; " he is afraid he will lose me ;' and then she replied aloud, " I am quite sure, dear Harper— as sure as I am— that he is really dead." The young stockman left soon after, and Ellen Round watched him anxiously as he rode, more like a mad man than a sane being, through the dim distance of the bush ; and the sigh with which she returned to the cradle of her infant had as_ much in it of fear for his reckless riding as sorrow for tlie loss of his society. About two hours after, upon that very day, Nelly, the favorite mare of Harper Castles, galloped into the stable- yard of Wairan homestead riderless. Such an unusual circumstance, of course, created the greatest alarm, es pecially in the mind of Mr. Campbell, with whom Harper had always been a great favorite. Upon examination, one of tbe stirrup leathers was found to be broken, and no further doubts were entertained that the young man had met with some ac cident. Parties were sent in seareh, and one who proceeded by the direct road to the Rock Hut found him extended, insen sible, beside a fallen tree, and Sarah Elves, tbe pretty barmaid, weeping bit terly and helplessly beside him. Sarah had seen tbe well- known mare galloping wildly, and without master, past the hotel ; and, rushing out to fol low the track of the horse, she had been the first to discover the prostrate form of Harper. He was gently carried to the home stead, aud the best medical advice the district afforded was procured for him. It was found that he was suffering un der severe concussion of the brain, and the doctor held out no hopes of his re covery. He died upon the evening of the following day ; but, during a short period of consciousness before tbe last struggle, be imparted to his horrified employer that he was the murderer of the lost shepherd. It is needless to give the. unfortunate young man's confession in his own broken and agonised words. It will be better that I give yon the substance of it simply, and state its consequences. Upon that— to Harper Castles— fear ful morning when he parted from Ellen Round with a commission to procure her some' drapery from the township store, he rode away with the passion he had long felt for the gentle Ellen, in creased almost to desperation by the sweet face and pure eyes that met his so trustingly ; and a hundred wild plans of taking her by violence, and flyiug with her to some spot where no oue would recognise them, boiled iu his brain. " I know she Svould love me," he mut tered to himself, as Nelly flew over the grass of the bush. " I am certain that1 she would love me. She cannot love that old wretch ; it is Impossible, and it is sacrilege that she should belong to him !" Harper hated Jerry Round. He hated him for his surly, unmannerly ways, which did not admit of his giving even a civil answer to a question or a re mark, even though it were the most simple and the most courteously ex pressed ; and he hated him a hundred times more because he was the husband; of fair Ellen. With desperate thoughts working up iu his brain like the foaming of a wild sea, Harper rode madly on in the direc tion of the Back township, and, as if the hand of fate was in it, he came in view of Jerry's flock of sheep resting in the distance. The shepherd must have changed his miud respecting his intended route for the day, as, liad he gone to the place indicated by Mrs. Round, Harper's road would have been far from his noon-day camping place, and probably no blood would have been shed under the clear blue of tbat day's Australian sky. The feed was good, and the sheep lay resting in scattered groups under the close wattles, or in the wide shade of the tall box trees ; not far away glim mered the clear water of Wairan Greek; and the whole scene looked as peaceful as if a sinful human thought had never desecrated, its primeval purity. Harper Gastles drew rein and paused, and then advanced slowly in the>diree- tion of the flock. He conld not per ceive Jerry anywhere, but, from bis knowledge of the crusty shepherd's habits, he felt assured that, his dinner- wallet emptied, he bad lain down in the shade of some bush, and was indulg-| ing himself in a sleep until the sheep should once more show some disposition to move. Even as he thought about it; softly advancing meanwhile on the vel vety grass where the -fall of Nelly's hoofs made not a sound, he came sud denly upon the extended form of the sleeping shepherd. Jerry lay in the shade of a cluster of gum hushes, and his sleep was heavy, for he snored loudly. He rested on hits back, with his clasped hands under the back of his head. The heart of Harper beat as If he would smother as he stopped before the sleeper and stared at him. One. blow and Ellen was free ! One moment of 'determination, and he was released ! From whence proceeds all the wicked ness of humanity 3- In what Udden, horrible places are generated the hellish thoughts that creep into tbe heart of a mortal ere he becomes a murderer ? : Harper "alighted from bis horse with a face 'as pale as the sky. that peeps be tween the dark clohds on a" cold) winter day, when the wind niters moanlngs to the listener, and he drew that bright tomahawk from- his saddle-bow with a hand that trembled- as the down on he rush does, ju$ «re the wjnd detaches It to float aimlessly out on the coldly blow ing breath of night. One thought of Ellen, however, and he was strong ! The hand that clutched the weapon grew into it with a grasp as strong as desperation, and in another second he had buried it up to the very handle in the forehead of the sleeping shepherd ! One groan, and all was silent ; a quiver of the limbs, and all was still ; aud then Harper looked wildly around him like one who awakes from a hor rible nightmare ! He could not touch it.! Oh, he could not touch it, even althongh the avenger of blood were behind bim ! but he hast ened to wash the little axe in the creek, and then he cut down every one of the growing bushes under which the dead man lay, and caused them to fall in a heap oyer him, until not a glimpse could be seen of the terrible sight that followed him by day and nigbt, until he lay crushed and senseless by the fal len tree where poor loving Sarah Elves found him ! And Harper was buried, aud poor Sarah, who had been always looked upon as his sweetheart, kissed Ms lips as he -lay in the coffin, with as much faith and trust in his worth as she had on the day when he wiped the blood stains from his murderous tomahawk with the cambric handkerchief he begged from her ; and, althongh the law made it necessary that Harper's confession should be divulged and his memory dishonored, she never believed that he was criminal, persisting in say ing that his own confession was but tbe ravings of delirium, induced by bis Laving come suddenly upon tbe body of tbe missing shepherd. The body of Jerry was found in the place indicated by Harper. It present ed a fearful spectacle ; for, decomposed as time had rendered it, the terrible blow which had deprived him of exist ence might still be judged of, as the face still presented the appearance of the fearful cut which had smashed the bones and positively penetrated to the very brain. Ellen Rouud, in spite of her friends' entreaties, fled from Wairan as from destruction ; she could not breathe in the same air that reminded her of Har per. Every object around her, ani mate or inanimate, recalled to her mem ory that she had been pressed to the bosom', and kissed the lips, of the wretched being who had consigned him self 'to perdition for her sake. With a shudder she remembered that the soft, blue eyes, into which she bad looked for the love-light that had grown so precious to her, had looked, without flinching, upon the death agony of her murdered husband ; -and the thought had well-nigh' driven her mad. If any persoi! should feel inclined to try aud account for the appearance of the dead shepherd to his wife, let them do so, for I shall not attempt it, know ing well that the attempt would be fu tile ; only I can remark tbat many stranger things have already happened, which even the grasping intellect of mau has tried to comprehend in vain. 