CARGO AR'S TESTIMONIAL TO THE RIGHT REV. OR. BYitSE, BISHOP OF (From Our Special Reporter,) The testimonial to his Lordship Dr. Byrne, the Bishop of Bathurst, taken up bo zealously by the clergy and laity throughout the various centres in the diocese1, was started aC Carcoar on Sunday week last, and bids, before it closes here, to be a ? big contribution to the general fund. Carcoar ia a little place, comparatively speaking, I need hardly say, I ait it would be difficult to find a peo ple as genpmus and as large-hearted as the residents of thin pretty little -western country town. There a noble presbytery haB been erected, in keeping with the beautiful stone church, and a magnificent convent, all forming a magnificent group, worthy in every way of the little town nestliny among the verdure-clad hills. It might be news, too, to your readers to learn that no financial burthens remain on these buildings, a . fact which is due to the self-3acrifice and abnega tion of the cl ergy present and past and a faithful and devoted people. A stranger might think, too, that considering the denands made on the resources of the people in the past to supply the needful church buildings, that they were well nigh exhausted. But it is wonderful what faith and belief will do. Faith in their beloved Bishop tbo good Catholics of Carcoar have, and it needed only the i-imple words of their worthy pastor, Father Kelly, and a reminder of the Bishop's work to supply a generous response. The meet ing on the. Sunday, held in the Convent school, wa« well attended, when the maenificent suni of .£120 was contributed—Father. Kelly leading off by giving .£50. The Eev. Father Kelly presided. Present: Messrs. J. E. Watson (Mayor), Georare Connody (We rrigell), Alderman C. J. Derwin, Alderman P. Byrnes, J.P.. Alderman J. Links, aenr., J. H. Fagan (Sunnyridge), A. M'Dermott (M-oia^r City Bank), James Links, J. J. Smith (Stok^ Hotel I, Jamea Mackie, E. Walsh, J. Links, iunr.. P. A. Links, J. Donnellan, T. Brady, P. J. K-lly, W. Hooley, J. Smith. A. Callen, E. Collins. Father Kelly said : We are assembled for the purpose of initiating a movement to present a testimonial to the Bishop of Bathurst. During the last 34 years he energetically stuck to his post, without any interuption, never neglected or absented himself from his duty, whether it was giving Confirmation, opening or blessing churches and schools, or perf nning the ordinary duties of a missionary priest, as he did in the early part of his car- er. This is a record which any man, preacher or layman, would have reason to be proud of and an example worthy of imitation. He never yet disappointed the priests as regards the time of visitation; whenever he appointed a day for Confirmation, or the laying of the foun dation of a church, he punctually kept that appointment. Whilst in the parish he devoted himself heart and soul to the work of the mis-, sion. Lately we had had his Lordship in the parish for five weeks, during which time he gave confirmation ia six different places, opened and blessed four churches in different parts of the parish, and gave a short Mission of three days in the village of Neville. At the end of the Mission he gave Confirmation and blessed the foundations of a church for the Catholics of Neville, which he had had the happiness of opening 12 months afterwards, and dedicating to the service of God, under the patronage and title of the Apostle of St. Thomas. Whenever he came to Carcoar, you. yourselves have been witnesses of what he has done ; he Btayed until a late hour in the con fessional, preached morning and evening to cro wded congregations composed of all denomi nations, who were attracted by the natural grace, simplicity, and eloquence of his sermons. What he has done here he has done everywhere else, as from a long residence in thi3 diocese 1 can bear testimony from personal knowledge. No doubt he could not have accomplished so much for the honour and glory of God had nob God blesBed him with gojd health. But ' if we have received good things at the ha ads of God, why Bhould not we receive evil.' As God holds in His hands the destiny of man, the day of sickness and trouble will com ? upon us all, and in that day we need human sympathy and human consolation to Bustnin us wh^n we are physically depressed by the severe strain on the vital powers of the soul. For the past six months our beloved Bishop haB been suffdring from a severe illness, and his medical advisers have recommended him com plete and absolute rest for at least twelve months. It is right and fitting that we should, on an occasion like the present, show our love and veneration for our Bishop and Chief Pastor, ap pointed by the Holy Ghost to govern the Church of God. This love of the priesthood — and a Bishop has received the plenitude of the priest hood in his consecration —is characteristic of those who possess the true faith. It kept the lamp of faith burning brightly in the days of persecution, and it ought to be fostered and cherished in the minds and hearts of the faithful. The Catholics of Carcoar, in proportion to their numbers and their means, are as generous towards their priests and the Chu -ch as any in the colony, as evidenced by their subscriptions at ChristmaB and Easter, and a substantial stone church and this magnificent convent in which we are as sembled, and th« large and commodious brick presbytery, which ia considered the best in the diocese. Such being the case, I have good reason to believe the present occasion will be no excep tion, when their Bishop intends to take a trip to his native land. We all hope and pray that complete and absolute rest, and change of scene and climate, will speedily restore him to his usual health and strength, and that he will be once more amongst us to continue the good work he has so successfully carried on for the paBt thirty four yearB. (Loud applause). The Mayor, Alderman Watson, after expressing his keen regret and sympathy with his Lordship in his illness, spoke in eulogistic terms of the zeal of Dr. Byrne in the cause of religion, charity, and education, and he (the Mayor) was glad that the people of Bathurst and of other centres throughout the diocese were showing in a prac tical manner their appreciation of hiB services in organizing a testimonial. He appealed to tha generosity of the Carcoar people, and moved, ' That this meeting deeply regrets to hear of the serious illness of the Bishop of the diocese, and pledges itself to use its best efforts to co-operate with the Catholics of Bathurst in presenting his Lordship with a testimonial.' (Applause). Alderman C, J. Derwin seconded, and said he knew of no more deserving object for the Catholic people to assist than in this laudable work, so ag to enable their beloved Bishop to visit the home of Catholicity free from financial embarrassment. He trusted the Carcoar people would show hy their subscriptions that his Lordship Dr. Byrne was dear to the hearts of the people of Carcoar (Applause). Alderman P. Byrnes, J.P., proposed that the gentlemen predent form themselves into a com mittee, Eev. Father Kelly and Alderman Links to act as joint treasurers, and Alderman C. J. Derwin as hon, secretary. Seconded by Alderman Links and carried. Fathfr Kelly headed the list with .£50 ; Mr. John Fagan, J.P., Sunnyside, .£10; Sisters of Mercy, Carcoar, JJ6 ; Alderman J. Links, pen., £5 ; Children of Mercy and boarders (Mount St. Joseph Mercy Convent), £o ; Derwin Bros., £2 2s ; MessrB. P. Links, J. J. Smith, J. Links, jun., Mrs. 0. F. Connolly. Gporgp Connolly, M. A. Mac Dermott, V. B. MacDerinott (sulr ), and J. P. Brosnan, £1 Is each ; J. Watson, P. Byrnes, JameB Flo )d, P. Byrnes, J P., Mrs. Kelly, Mrs. Callen, James Links, .£1 each; J. Mackie, S. Donnellan, T. Brady, James Smith, J. Smith, 10s each. Smaller contributions, both at Carcoar and Blayney, brought the sum total up to ,£120. Following are the Biaytey subscribers to the Fund :— F. Mal'on, £2 2s ; W. Patterson, .£1 Is; P. Kerin, £1 Is; Mrs. Baker, .£1 is; W. Baker, £1 Is ; J. O'Malley, £1 Is ; E. Quigley, £1 Is; J. O'Leary, £1 ls; Mrs. M. Davies, .£1 Is; Mrs. Brapsil, .£1; S. Patterson, 10s; T. Burke, 10s; Mrs Porter, 10d ; Mrs. Flood, 10s ; Mr. M. Slattery, 10s ; J. Brassil, 10s ; Mrs. Tuohy, 10s ; J. H. Davies, 10-. 