HABTE8T FESTIVAL OATUErUKU IN ST. JOHK'3 HALI. Tuuut waa a very fan- gatberinf to St. John's Cbercb Hall on Tuesday evaol-a- tbe occasion bafaig a tea anil coooert In connec tion with the annual harvest celebrations. Tna proceeds wera devoted to tbe Century ?Fund. The Town 'Bas^fflacoirseu1 'sweet motlc buutils the ball. The lea commeliced at 7 p.m. Three ( large tables were enresd along the hall. - Ihey wera loaded with all tbo daintiest t utldet of coniumptlou-sandwicbaa, the . manyvarietieso(eakeeandthemoatlateious I Df fniiu. Obliging atlendante centribated i tsttneoaifart of tbe crowds who sought t cmtara comforts at the bouatlful board. I The result' was that all left tba table with beaming faces of satUaction. Tbe main resvaniibiUty ot ths arrangements fell upon lha abonldera of Mb* Benlon and lain McCook, the bof. etcratariaa, who war. ajdateJ by Mr. V. Weaton and a large bevy of ladle*, smongK wbim we uoliced :— Sin. C. Gray, tliaiea Cornell, UcCook (J), Jones (2), Lindley, f. W.»d bliJge, Beaton. Staventon and Fuller. Tbe hall was cleared of the ua tables by 8 p.m., when tbe musical portion of the programme waa doe for production. The first item waa a pianofolte anlo by J,ii« O. Stevenson. '' Mi. Uuer.whoownsaharilono voice of con'ideriiMe rmwer, tan|f, ' The ^tskJ!^ \Si»Fv'r- «iU*W A1! celved an eucurr. : Alias Hannah Jones — a young lady .wbo, tbmogb motleaty or aotno other myaterioos raaaon, has always kepi in ibe back.grouud uf vocalists, never prerioualy . being heard of -beyonil chome— made her dtbut in a singu larly bappy . manner, her singing of ?' The light' of Agea' Mug diitlnctly gO'Ml, tvery pasaage beiug gracefully negotiated, awl each note waa. «a; sweet- as could be. ' She bat a good soprano voice plratjr. of sowar,'- geeil oompus, and aympalhetir. With . an abafnea of osrtosaBVas,' her Under handling 'of M Tbe r'UgbloI Ages' prerokedan unmhtaksable, well-deMrved enenn. Ur. W. K. l.ocat was iri moie than ordiaarily good.. voice in his aingiag of the tuneful 'patriotic aoog, ?? Sou »f New Brltaanla,' ibe mtiilo of which U by- Nicholas J. Gehds ami tha wotda by W. T. Goodge. The sentiment struck an appreciative antlienos, and Ur. Ucaauug ' Tha Veomau'sWeAMingSoag ' in lefponae to a demand fur an encore. tin. Goldsmith, whoee;ftce is' fresh to Gundagai audiences, sang a pretty aong, ' This ia aly Dream.' Tha effect waa tufficieally good to show tbat Un. CoU smiib's voica will bo an acquisition to the musical citclea o! Uuadtgai. Mr. Percy IVeiton sang the fine nog, 'Under the Old Flag' wilb hie usual fine handling. The programme apparently bring of a patriotic vein, Miss Jenkins sustained tba current ia the new and popular a-ins;, ' When tbe Bn plre Calle.' Tba Rer. E. J. Spencer, Ade* long,' gave dn amusing recttatioo j entitle-], 'The Owl Ci We.' .: The Rer. A. C. Mosur said it might appear somewhat iaharmonioaa (or them to be gatbered together Ul enjoyment when so many o( their (ellow sul.jecu wera saftVrbiK on llis battle fi.lda of South Afiics. They were parlicularly ? depraated at General Bullei'a last rcv«ree, tho wont feature of ? hichwatthamotalcBcct it would have. Oiherwite they would chink very little of ths aeemtng raverse.' ' II was likety that, other leaa experienced generals would hare gnne strki](ht : forward, but Sir Redven Buller hail bftn brought up iu a railltatr adnol where it hail been taught that anything ahoulil be autTered rather than the ?aciifico or the lives of the aoldieie. Tbe homo authorities bad OMfidsnce in blm .for many reasons not ths. Mt °l wbioh waa tbat he had associated with him lieutenant Oineral Sir F. Clery— one of the greatest of Briliab ttrategiats, and one of the greatest authorltita ou military strategy, whose books on strategy ware in use in tb} military schools ot Germany. The British lion was notyatgohig to put bis tail lietateen his legs, but would Ro on with ndoabled energy. (Hear, bear.) Raskin, in 'Sesame and Lilllea,' said that people had tbm duties. (I) It was the daty ef members of the Commonwealth to assist in maintaining tha Commonwealth; (3) to advance -the bureau of tba. Conunoawealtb ; (») in dtfeodlngtheComnwnweallh. WbatRnakia aaldof the Comawaasallh anacrtabiad to churchmen is mabitalntag the. church. CbarsasMa |^-%4rssfel4d«yfa)aaslsiiogj adraatlagaad defeadiaj the chores, II dill not aisttav to what churca ibey be lec^HwasAa^ duty to defend It. Ae .ntiaUrs c«J .tke Ondstia chare* h ww tbalr anty to as far'se a^ssihis adraooe and dafadd it. He wusMtoatotVRav. 1.3. Jennings on hhplatfttai: Both Jejsed' to Ibe bigbest reactions of jkg fttajsli, fht ealvaiioa of soal*; ; '? \ ''' ' ;; ' '?'!?.?'? - ! ': Ihe Rev. i. J. Jtsklfos mii W' was a loyal fnabyleilui, bul-aM aetgoud one— his teaching! did not warp Ma feeling towards people o( other denominations. Hs had spent an erasing wllb Dr. Jloraton at BMaplherpr, Bailarat, an.1 bad baen ons to nlonme tbe Bbhop of Bath'u ret to Blayney. Ha had also seen Dr. Anderson, Bishop of Biveriaa; fartho hoaas of -a, himd of bis with a ran otfreabytarlan tea In Ua baad. He had also met the Bishop near ths bridge at Hay, aad tba latter, upo. astjng tba apaaker, eipreased regret ibey were , not putR the saua way, In order that to tnljht aseial him ^ibe.-Rety J»nnln«.) witb;hla ?sfs^r-' 'a^CbrUilu'srmy/mnst'moVt arm to arm. Ilka the army of tbe Tranevaal.' Bnglsad could claim BoUer. French, Gat acre and White, Ireauti had productd diary, Kally-Kenny, RobsrUaad Kltekaner, and UcotlaaJ bad frtren' them Hasdltoa, Cnanlniham and Hunter, Tha array .waa Ighttng for equal rights ani) religions liberty forall.iad they would get it. He wu always willing to Join ibe llbuatm of the ctbtr CbihtUn churahe* to putting hia arm aronnd the' cross of Goil, in; cxelalmhg, ' Ulory be to the Fatbir, and to Ibo Son, and to ths Holy Ghost.'. ?' : ' ? Tbt Rev. R 3. Srsscsa said be Ibogght it «aa to be a Ifarvcst Festival, but it waa a patriotio meetnig.' Ho couM cbmpllmint IkeRev. Art.. Uosley.npon Ihe btauliful hill. It was- the ntcnt' in the dioease. Thebr rector had nmlestly asked for £1000 for the' Century Fond, and be hopsd' be would get U, Itwaaaraaaooablerwisatf, w the Bishop said. -. Hjs onl/.wi»».wss that St. John's ball was nqt^wttkjo a-ttom'a throw of AdaJoog. Hs -boeed tbt Rer. Moaley weaj..' JaiaU ti- it, aloru lo balU a cbiirch ar flet»,' to anct tlta (nice artMaa'St. Joaa'e iToaad, as-l to kelp along the.nusa|m As atU., Jars of liocharch c^ Ood wbit they dtalrtd matt waa is bring people to tae Cross of Jeaoi. ; .?.'''.':..''..1!..:.-'T .-'.'''''d Befort the eompaay dhptned, the Rtr. A. O.j llotanr aaW that aiinl s\if tnlil i iiil.a (or tbe aafety ef the trooee to 8o«th Africa woald be kaM fa 81. Jaka't Churd.oa.8ia. day oveabg.' '| i lilil iif lsjlsaas»irssl; ' 'I jllsiiliiWi ii'r h .tkaa M ri^^-«*^-sVri#^i. woold have as much pleaaare Is giving as ht hadfarteelviivjlt. Mr. James Robinson, ef Kbno, bail iwaled tbt Ua with £75, as aBrrtbeulsatW Ur. R U. Oaborne hail given £41 .. Tib aaade hl« contribution to the varkna chimh londa during tills year OS. Ht bad son* hesitation In asking Ur. O.bon» -x a cheque, teeing that only recently ht had received from him chen.net for £25 anil £'20. Hehvl (lien CWblmsslf, II.. T- R rtjvl.tann .T.ltftnnir. £13 £.Ur. I. Glttoes, Nango., £10,; Mr. O. Man raring, ten., £3i Ur. J^uwrtfS, Ur. C. !mwt £5, lln. Makefiaiu £3, ,Mr...Tv JakeWam £5, Mr. J. Olassoock £5, Ur. W. i. Clemson £'i/10/-, Ur. J. Kent, Sjdn-y, Cl/I/- ; Mr, P. Coggan £1. Tbh, with^ Aonoy tn hand froni flowsr ' show for con templated worke, brought Ihe total up to £230-«ne--iaarteroftbtsam needed-ani they wera only to tht sixth wesk of tbo year. He had to thank ; tin secraurles-Mi«i Beaton and Ul» UcCook— for that ni(hi'a tacontful gathering, alio all thosa who had assisted in the musical programme. Of Miss Beaton he must aay tint ahe g-ve np ihe whole of her -para time to the service o( the rkurab. . ? - ' ?'-..'? 