* IN THE SURGERY. SMILES AXD TEARS. QUAIXT PICTURES. . [By RUDYARD KIPLIXG.J ICOPYBIGHT.] Xo. IV. CKICH'S PATTKNT. Crich, the orderly, sat on a camp fctool cheering Parker, who lay 'suspi- ciously quiet. Parker had come froiu Queensland, via Xe\v .Ter.spy, among otner cites, and the registered voters of Colesberg had shot' iiini across the spine below the shoulders. 'My stomach's a trifle out of order,' fcaid Parker, cheerily. 'They can't set it to work. Except for that, I don't feel there's anything wrong with me.' Crich looked ' at ' iiie, to signify it torould be better for Parker if he had a little more feeling. ?'We're comin' on beautifully, ain't IwpV' said Crich. and Parker nodded.. 'I'm the last o' four— all spinal cases —all in this tent tool' said Parker. 'I've seen 'em all go. and here am I hangin' on by my finger-nails. They all Svent, didn't they?' 'Yes,' said Crich. his braces round his hips; -an' they all called forme 'fore they went. 'Member Tommy?'' Parker smiled. Sir Philip Sydney smiled very much in that fashion. 'Oh, yes. i was on special allowance of brandy, but Tommy, he always looked for a little of mine in his lemonide. Couldn't speak much, but he used to roll his eyes to my bed. Tommy liked his tot o' brandy-and- lemonade. When did he go, Crich?'' . . .. .. 'Tes'day afternoon; - You was asleep. Parker.- He said. 'Crich. old man, where are joii?' he *aid. 'Right here, in front- o* yon,'- 1 Fays, and I went up to 'iin, 'cause I knew what was coming. 'I can't see you,' Crick' he says. Then 1 laid 'old of his arms in my two 'ands. That's better.* he says. 'If I can't see you. 1 can feel you.' he says. Don't let go, C'ricii.* he says, and in a minute or two he was oft', as quiet as anything. You was asleep. Parker. Oh. yes, they all asked for old Crich to take 'old of ^when they went off. Parker's goin' to best the lot of *em.' This to me. ''Last o' four spinal cases he is. and he's goin* to Xetley. an' he'll Le all right in a few weeks. ?Ave some more tomatas, Par ker?' The giant turned his head and raised an arm. He could not quite reach the tomatoes. Crich stepped across ihe tent, lavishly douched the cut fruit with oil and vinegar, and exhibited Parker in the act of eating. Then Parker talked of real estate specula tions in Orange, Xew Jersey, and stock riding in Queensland: Crich supplying an ever-appreciative chorus. I watch ed the superbly built body, so all alive to the chest line, so' all dead below, and it seemed to me unfair that ner vous anxiety to nr.ike Cape Colony a 'little haven of peace' had led a 'neu- tral Government' to postpone the or dinary preparations for war till the Colesberg rebels tall registered voters, remember; could conveniently mangle Parker's spinal-chord. 1 laid it upon Crich. the hairy-chested and adequate, .that Parker must not die, and Crich hopefully hopeless said, out of Parker's hearing, that he would do his damn dest. That was some weeks ago. I have seen Parker twice or thrice since, but to-day his bed is empty. He has bested . the registered voter of Colesberg. all the young doctors who prophesied death, and Crich, who couldn't see any other way out of it. He has gone homo in a steamer to Xetley with a »-hance of living, half-dead, for a year or two, and the ghost of a chance that he may partially recover. This is a load off my mind, i'or some absurd reason Parker was my war-fetish. He held on through the black days ere Ladysmith was re lieved; he heard of Cronje's surrender; and now. at Madeira, he will learn that Bloemfontein is his and onrs. TUE LlliHT-ITEABTED. The war goes bettor; with Parker and Bobbsfonfwn disposed of we can attend to the hospitals. Dinniss. the light-moustached sergeant-major of a horse battery, has gone away; but not before he saved the lives of three or four depressed and morbid, by his cheerfulness and his yarns. Dinniss has six-and-tweuty years' service. He refused his majority eleven rears ago. because it was not in his beloved bat tery, and he is an encyclopaedia of military knowledge— the unofficial brand. I heard him tell his tent confi gdentially that if he had known what ^?ort of a silly sort of war this war was going to turn out he would have re tired on .his laurels early in October. He caught something at llagersfon tein, which has kept him in bed for a few weeks, but now lie is at the front again. He was more or less in charge of the horse battery which, out of pure politeness, stood still to 'take the Boer fire when our naval gun on the left of the line did not see the flag of trucf, weut on Oring. and brought down a fresh Boer fusilade. Said Dinniss— 'Of course, we sat titcht. to show it was a mistake, but thr- sholls were making cur horses skit tish, so I said:— 'Send a driver to their heads. They're a little shy.' I looked round., ah' there weren't any drivers! D'you know what they were doin'? Chasin' rats round a bush! Yiss! Rat huntiu' under tiro. On my wurrud. I don't believe drivers have sowls. Xo, not one! 'Were they cockneys, by any change, DinnissT I asked. 'Ye may say so. We come from St. John's Wood. London. X.' The tent and the orderlies grieved when Dinniss left, for he had great authority and most persuasive tact JtSTLN'G DEHBY. Derby, of the luniskillings. had no anthority. He lived on his tongue and his skill in out-flanking orderlies. Derby got it bad in the leg. and hopped like a cockrobin in 4-carlet flannel be tween the tents. He was marked for England, and the day before he sailed allRondebosch was too small for his transports. A visitor came by with pipes and tolmci-o for the men. and Derby steered him towards a convales cent. ? 'D'you want to buy a pipe?' said Derby, with a serious face. 'They're only threepence, and the baccy 's one an' rtareeTK'nce a stick. It's dirt cheap.' The convalescent fingered the stock, and demanded cigarettes. -?I'm sorry.' sai(1 Derby, 'but we're sold out of' cigarette*. If you'll give yonr order, maybe this man will — ' Then the convalescent tumbled to the jest, and Derby had to run for it all between tlie tent-pegs. There should be lively times on Derby's boat home, but he is the kindest of souls to an invalid. The twins are not on their feet yet- They are both Australians, both have brokon legs, they lie side by side, their legs in slings, and one loyally caps the other's tallest yarn. A few days back talk turned on what iilackfellows could do with a boome rang. B0A3TOG BOOMERANGS. A Fusilier cut lo pieces witli barbed wire, a Oth f-incer, and a West York shireman told the twins' to: draw it mild. Sticks could not twist and turn Jin that way. It was as absurd as the I rord Woolloomooloo. Entered * then rrom another tent convalescent^ Rae, of Manitoba, hit down at Slinger's or Arnndel. Rae said he did, not under stand boomerangs, but things could be made to curve in the air, for all the 9th Lancer said. For instance, there i was a game called baseball. Rae illus trated with his sound arm how a pitcher sends in a curved ball, and the twins, applauding, welcomed him as an ally. They had a file of Australian papers with pictures of boomerangs; would the Oth Lancer please get them out from the' shelf, ami they would ex plain* So, under the pines planted in South Africa by men from the north, Welshmen, tyke, Cockney, and Cana dian bent their heads over an Austra lian weekly, while a Queenslander read the letterpress. 