Letter from the Front. The following is a letter from Charlie Afckiuson, who used to live in Cootamun dra, and who went to South Africa with the Queensland Bushmeu, 'aud was, we Delicve, among those who made there cord march to assist at the relief of Mafe kh)£. Portion of the letter was pub lished in ? last issue. Continuing, he: writes-:— . Half way up one of the pipes of the engines broke aud they had to slop and .drift for two hours. The current is that, strong up the coast that during the two hours' stoppage we drifted 'about 12 miles, back.- It kejjt getting hotter and hotter day by day, till now is so hot that the men are doing stables with a bag ' or cloth around them only. The water was pale green at the Cape, and then as we came ?? along it changed to bright blue, blue, pale green, very pale yellow, very yellow, muddy, and here it is next door to being thick — it is horrible to bath in, dirtier after than before. Now I'll tell you a little about Beira, pronounced Beer-ah — a suitable name for :x hot place, aint it mother ? -Well it is a Portugese town iu Portugese territory, it is below high water mark ; so they had to build a sea wall to protect themselves. The tide here goes out and conies in twice in 24 hours, running at the rate of seven miles an hour, the water is shallow, we are anchored about half a mile from Mips wharf, and at hi sir water are in seven fathoms (42ft. ), and at low water five fathoms, all the loading and unloading is done by lighters, it took us two days to unload our horses. We have the horses in a paddock (prepared for the Queens ?-.landers by th e Portugese) .about two ?'? miles fr«»m town, the grass in the pad ? dock is four feet high, the fence around it is eight feet high, six barbs and a wire rope. The Portugese won't let us take ? amis on shore or make a camp, so we are off up to Salisbury port on Thursday next, 200 miles up country. . I was on. picquet the night before last, six men watch for four hours at a time you know, while tho rest sleep, or rather swear at : the mosquitoes. Sleep you can't for the Beira mosquito is a cunning brute, and larger, and can sting, oh ! lor ! They are more cunning than the Brisbane mosquito, for they climb up your coat sleeves and trouser legs and down your back. Ugh ! 'tis horrible. The town is only a small place, with a few nice buildings; but the : . majority of the places are tumble down .affairs built of zinc. .As in Capetown, \- niggers form a big percentage of the population, working for of- a -.veek. The ?; streets' are wide and sandy, and are laid with two sets of tram lines. I have not : ' saw a cart so far, all 'the shifting stuffis done by niggers shoving trucks, the passenger locomotion being done by niggers racing alonsgide a little trolly affiair with one seat, you sit on this and the niggers push you wherever j'ou want to go.. I have had two rides on their, they go nearly as fast as a horse can trot. Oh, the trains here are amusing— the rails are two- feet apart, and the rails on top arc only an inch wide, while the engines are mere toys. I saw the New South Wales men going away, or rather, : —no carriages, ? with three engines to puIJ, they go six miles an hour, the. trucks . the men sit in is an ordinary double truck with a temporary top on — no walls, and board seats put on the sides we will be ten hours in this train, and then get into a larger one I believe. The horse -':..' trucks are covered in with perforated zinc to keep out a fly (tsetse) that will kill horses, but won't touch men; there is .only one beit of scrub it is in on our track, ic stings under the jaw. I am the Regimental Sergeant-Major's orderly, and he and I went to the horses yester day morning. I had my side arms on, '???;?. and when we got to the horses he sent me back to the custom house for some stuff of his taken the night before. When I got to the gate of the town I had to ??'?';'. show my passport, and got through after a bother, and then I went to the custom house, - while on my way I met a Portugese soldier armed,, and as I passed \- ' they came to the shoulder as a salute. Oh ! lor ! didn't I cock my chest out then. \- When I got to the door of the custom house there was a Portugese and some soldiers standing there, and I saw the chap give a sign to the soldiers, and like a shot were on each side and one behind me with drawn swords,, and. was informed that if I didn't give up my \- bayonet I was a prisoner, so I gave it up and then got my parcel and was escorted to the gate like this and given my bayonet and watched out of -sight. By ghost I was wild at being made a prisoner by these black or yellow brutes. When the men (2 and 4 divisions o£D Company, and 1 division of E Company), were coming back that night, when they got to the wharf it appears the niggers had been trying to load a b'ack bull on a lighter, and just as we got there (I was at the side of the column with the R.S.M.) \- in -groups, the bull broke loose and \- charged the men from the head to the rear, going right through the centre of them scattering them right and left, . knocking them about like ninepins; it was fun. The R.S.M. and I jumped into .' a truck like a shot; two got a bit hurt.: One of the officers from the top of a cattle truck sarcastically remarked that he would have all tne men m the guard, room for breaking ranks without orders; , The bull, got away. Wages here are t high, you can get £25 a month for driving niggers ; tradesmen can get from £30 to £50 a month easily, board is £10 a month, and living is dear, but the climate is bad. As R.MS.'s orderly I have a grand job looking after him and his clothes, and horse, and meals, and wait on him, but as each S.M. has an orderly there are three of us to wait on four at table. The officers call us* Saturday, Sunday, and Monday (that's me, Monday). We get the same tucker as the officers, so we (that, is us three) live well. Not much I do, and generally have a. good time and are sure of a good horse, &c.; By jove Mater I saw some awfully pretty Coolie and French girls shore the other day, one in particular was perfection — a brunette, by jove she was all right. 'I remain your ever loving son, ? Chas. E.. Atkinson. 