THE NOVELIST. A WOMAN WITH A HISTORY. CHAPTER XIII. 'Now don't worry nbout tlie post ; you did what I wished and saved mo great distress of mind. I will bo your friend for tlin future,' and sho took his hot hand in her to assure him of the fnet. uo your best to got woll quickly, and Dr. Sheldon and I wilt find you something to do whon j on are fit for it; in tho mean time you must lot mo see to your com forts.' You have forgiven me,' Ferriers re plied, looking up in her fnco. 1 Ah ! I know all tho tiina you were innocont, and vet, beast tlint I was, I took your money, but you are an angel, I could die for you.' Esmo smiled, angel was not a designa- often applied to her. But sho thought it better not to be too serious for fear of agitating the pationt further, so only said : 'I must run away now, or nurse will scold next time I come. I will hring a book and read you something bright and cheering. Good-bye, don't be downcast.' As Esmo was leaving tho ward, sho looked back and thought what a sad picture it was, although brightened as much as possible by oxquisito eleanlinoss, and sweet fresh flowers, rows of man lying in their narrow whito beds, from which many of them woro neror again to rise. The shadows of the place seemed significant, and the gleams of sunshine rested on such pale wan faces. However, Earns felt relieved at having left many brighter fur her presence, and certainly one poor heart full of joy, in spite of tho knife-like pains that shot through his ehost, for had not Esmu promised to go and see him again 7 Plane was one of those people, who wiien tiiey once forgive, do so utterly, with no reservation j she was large- minded and gonoroux. Niggardliness and Esmo were as fur apart as tho north and south poles. Sho did all she could for Ferriers, never neglecting to call and see him on visiting days, and loading him witli bonefits. Fred began to mend from tho first day lie saw her ; her power over him was wonder ful, his infatuation for her entirely beyond his own control. Thoughts of her filled his whole soul. His brain was so weakened by illnoss and the quantities of stimulants ho had been in tho habit of taking, that altogether, ho was in a very imprexxionnbio state, and he thought of Ernie day and night, not as a possible possession, but as a bright beautiful star far above him. As for Esme, sho was scarcely conscious of tho strange attachment she hod in- nirnrl fhtnlrinr iilwftVR nf Wjipppii Harcourt, it was not likely she should recognise tho same intensity of feeling in poor Fret! Ferriers. Ferriers gradually recovered ; with so mucii in his favour, lie could scarcely help it, although he was in no hurry to got well, knowing thnt onco out of the hos pital, those delightful hours spent with Esme would cease. As Mrs. Harding and Hulduh wore ruturning from tho hospital one day, a ourious incident ocuutrcd that neither of them forgot. What a strango world it is, a perfect well of uncortaintios, yot how few of us would caro to lift tho veil thnt covors futurity 7 Esmo, like most restless spirits, was fond of walking, so they had sent the carriage home and were proceed ing briskly along Piccadilly when a ing, restive horse belonging to a rather smart turn-out, caused both women to glunco at its occupant, as it drew up uncomfortably near thom. Ho sprnng out, and was about to enter Lincoln & Bonnet's, when lie caught sight of Hulduh. Thon, looking front her to Esme, lie started violently, and giving them both a searching glance, raised his hand mechunicaliy to his hat, changed his course, hurried on, and mingled' with the crowd. Hut tho ofibct was electrical. Hnldah drew herself up to her full height, and bristling over with indignation, said excitedly, between little gasps, 1 Esmo, Esmo 1 That was tho man, the wretch, who pretended to lie Ilfrcd's friond.' Esmo turned round and was gnr.ing after tho departing figure, with rigid lips, and whito face, quite unmindful that sho was standing in tho midst nf one of London's most crowded thoroughfares. Blio clutched at Hulduh as if to 9uvo herself from falling, whilo sho replied : ' That man ! Oh ! surely not that man, Hulduh ' Yes, the very name. I should know him anywhere, but you are ill V No,' alio answered with a strango sot smile, still staring after the stranger., ' Then what is the matter 7 you look ns if you hnd seen a ghost.' At this a groat sigh shook her. 1 1 think I iiavo, a ghost of tho past.' The words broke painfully through hor trembling lips. ' Havo you scon that man beforo 7' Hiildith asked. 'Yes, dear,' and largo tears dropped pown luir cheeks. 1 1'linnk God you escaped him. All ! I feel too upsot to walk home, lot us tuka this liunxom.' And they got into oiio thnt was passing. iluhluh's perception was very quick, sho was tenderly sympathetic, so did not ply Esme witli questions, hut taking hor hand, greatly patted it botweon hor own, knowing that in somo cases, silent sym pathy is host. JbStllO lOatlbU DUCK Wlwll CIQovU racked by hitter momories. Again sho Raw the bright girl— rich, at least in hope and faith, walking in Rcont's Park, accompanied by a handsome .nan, with tho light of love shining in his blue oyes. Yot that man had ruined her life, and would linvo ruined Huldnli's also, had lie Imd tho chance. Although Hulduh had mentioned tho namo of the man wiio had frightened liar, it nevor struck Esmo thnt tlioy woro ono and the saino person. Oh 1 tho wretchedness of tho whola tiling, and tho galling part of it was that sho had never really loved him ; had it boon so, she could more easily Iiavo forgiven herself. Then hor thoughts flew to Harcourt. Alas I with two skeletons in her cupboard would he bo noble enough to marry her? Woll, sho could only hope, perhaps in spite of everything tlioir great mutual love would pro vail. Nevertheless, it could never bo fluifco.flic sumo, for hIio wuld lnjvo likccJ to havo given Iiiin liorsulf, at her vory Jmst (fair china without a flaw), but— hod she not proved herself to be very common clay! .Still she had fuith in Hnrcourt; thorc are prizes as well as blanks in love's lottery. ' Merciful Gad 1' she innttored. 'Grant that my draw my prove a prize.' CHAFER XIV. a ta8tb op happiness. A skiuoub illness often proves most henoilcial ; it takes off the roughnoss of our dispositions, and brings out tho good. Many an untamed, hopcloss charautor, for example, a drunkard given to wife- bcating, who through some accident, such ns falling off a scaffold, or being run over, is conveyed to a. hospital, becomes quite a change! creature for a time, whilst under treatment, and tenderly nursed by thoso who devote their lives to tho sick. Bo it was with Ferriers. All tho bad side of iiis nature was fast disappearing, and qualities that few would have given havo given him tho credit of possessing were developing daily. Although Esme had promised they would find liini some light employment when he loft tho hos pital, his weakened health made him dread tho ordeal of again taking his place in the toiling world. The idea of onco more joining tho motley throng, who, with throbbing brains, and weary hearts, pass from poverty to riches, and vice versa, or what is so trying to tho ambitious, plod through life in dreary mediocrity, was most repugnant to him, particularly as ho thought lie would bo ponnilcHs. Whilo lie was brooding thus, his mind was rolieved by a little stratagom on Esme's part. Sho gave the nurse £00 to hand to him when ho left the hospital, wish striot injunctions that ho was not to know where it came from, as ha still steadily refused to accept money from hor. Now ho was getting better, and tho doctor said ho must have purer air for a time, tho nurso thought it advisable to tell him that an elderly lady who was passing through tho word ono morning, was so shocked witli his appearance that hearing ho had no frionds, she had left him a little bequest. Poor Ferriers was so ovcrcomo by tilts act of kindness froin his unknown friend, friond, that ho turned in his bed and sobbed liko a child, saying, 'I don't deserve it — I don't deserve it.' Ho hod received sucli kindness from the pro bationers, and, indeed, from everyone, that he thought of leaving the hospital niado him mixorable, and tho uurso, seeing this, did all in her power to cheer him. She told him that she doctor had been calking it over and had come to the con- tlusian that he had batter cngago a cheap room cither in Canonfaury or Hnmpstead, adding that she know a lady who livod in who was desirous of lutting a room or two. This idea pleased him, so every thing was arranged, nnd in a fow days Forriors was taken to a protty old- fashioned house in Canonbtiry Lane. Tho back windows looked out on to a garden containing largo trees anrl quantities of flowers, and the back wall of tho house resembled an old country oottago, so that when in tho garden you could scarcely realise tho fact that you were only two miles from the Bank of Englaud. Everything was scrupulously clean. Forricrs had nover slept in such a comfortable bed before, and his littlo room wus at the top of tho house, where ho gat plonty of fresh air (it boing on a level with the dome of St. Paul's) while his window looked down on to tho garden, nnd through it was wafted the ordnur of flowers. No noise of trallic disturbed this peaceful littlo corner, therefore Ferriers was ublo to a good night's rest, which ho sadly, for wiicn lie arrived, lie looked as if ha had couic there to die, and occasioned small amount of alarm to the good landlady and Iter daughter, who hnd taken him in. Tlioy soon took a great interest in thoir now inmate, and tho daughter, who possessorl ono of those beautiful, sod and sympathetic faces that havo such attractions for tho worn in spirit or in health, soomcd nover tired of wniting on liini. on Iiiin. Ferriers had not boon located there mora than tlircu weeks before ho was daily expressing his gratitude, and ut tiio Hama timo censuring thom for killing Iiiin with kindness. Ho had nover been so well cared for, or ho happy in his life, in fact, ho had never known what innocont happincxx meant. The dark sido of his nature seemed quite eradicated. What a time to dio ! It must be confessed, however, that this happiness was not wholly duo to the bracing atmosphere and tho gravel soil of the ' altitudes ' of Canonbury, but chiefly by the bright companionship of tho daughter, who was coutinuully with him. Blio it was who took Iiiin out for his first walk in tho neighbourhood, and after that he was always accompanied by Miss Hondon, as her mother was somewhat of an invalid Itimsolf. Thoir evenings were passed, more or less, in their cozy little sitting-room, Fred joining in somo simplo round game, which at otlior times ho would Iiavo despised and laughed at. Now and thon a friond would cull, and they would play Nap with counters, for so long ns Edith Hondon was thoro every thing interested him, Thus thrown to gether it was not at all unnatural that Ferriors should fall dcxporotciy in love with Iter, nor was it to bo wondered at. Sho was as lovoty us she was good, intelli- gont ana woii-euucaccu, in incr, a may in every sense of tho word. She -was not what is termed ' smart,' and had little or no knowlodgo of Socioty womon. Per haps this somewhat accounted for sim plicity and freedom from aficctation. Sho was only n suburban girl, but a girl that any man might be proud to posses One beautiful bracing afternoon in October, Editli Hondon accompanied Ferriers for a littlo walk round the neigh bourhood. It was cold enough to put on warm clothing, for tho breeze was blowing tho autumn leaves ovsr tho pavainont, and wafting them across the rood ; not a cloud was to bo seen, and thoro was a crispness in tho air which was vory invigorating. They strollod by tho side of tho Now River, over tho Willow Bridgo Road, all vory quaint, till tlicy came to the picturosquo old Canonbury Tower, whoro thoy stopped while tho girl gavo Fred brief account of its history, involving tiio nainos of tho Queen Elizabeth, the Earl of Essex and tho rich 'Sir Richard Spouco.' On a day liko this how charming everything looked, I especially the old houses, with thoir red roofs, that formed a portion of tho onco eolobrated Canonbury House. Conversation Imd censed, ns thoy stood on tho littlo bridge, looking into the narrow green rivor, whon Forriors broko tiio silcnco by saying : ' Miss Hendon, I feel I can never thank you sufficiently for all you havo dono for mo.' To which sho replied : 'Now, don't talk like that, Fred. Somehow sho had got into the way of calling Iiiin Fred when lie was so ill, she thought it scorned more homc-liko for the lonely man. 'You must thank my mother more than me ; wo are both so glad to seo how much better you look already. Now, please don't think you aro quito well yet, and so anything im prudent—you aro still looking delicate, but aro woll on the road to recovery.' ' When I spoke of my happinnss,' continued Ferriors, ' I was not referring to my restoration to hoaltii, but tho happiness,' continued Forriors, 1 was not roforring to my restoration to health, hut tho happiness which you, nnd you alono, iiavo lieon tho cnuso of. Ah, I know you Iiavo guessed — I lovo you, I would die for you at this moment ; I worship tho ground you walk on.' ' Oh, hush ! hush ! Fred, plcaso don't inltr likn tlmfc. nleaxo don't von make mo feel so unhappy,' and tho tears rushed into tho tondor-liearted girl's eyes. 'I am so dreadfully sorry you should havo mistaken anything I havo over said or dono ; please say no mora about it. Lot us bo friends,' at tho same time extending her hand. ' Good God !' oxclaimod Ferriers, turning whito to tho Hps. Don't say I haven't a chance, Miss Hondon ; if you say that you'll kill me.' Editli Hondon, seeing Fred suddenly look so ill, became not a littlo alarmed, and therefore quieted him quickly by saying : ' Then don't lot us say any mora about it at prosout ; it is so sudden, and wo liavn known cacii other for such a littlo whilo— and There, don't let us speak about it any mora to- day, at any rate,' ' Vory woll, I won't then, Miss Hendon, for I wouldn't vox you for tho world ; I see I havo a glimmer of hope. Had you told mo it was impossible, I would pray for death, for thoro would be no more happiness loft for me in this world.' Neither of thom spoke again on thoir way homo, and when thoy entered the houso Ferriers fait happier even than ho had folt beforo, for lie had every confidence, and thought it would all come right. But Edith went sadly to hor room, shut the door, nnd burying her face in her hands, creed as is hor hoart would break, CHAPTER XV, a surprise, Although Harcourt's _ ongagamont to Maud was now an established fact, ho had not informed Esmo of it, nor did she suspect that such wax tho case. Sho know how dovoted ho was to sport, and that during tho sporting season, she had never been in tho habit of soeiug or hearing much of him. So though sho thought it rathoi unkind under .the circumstances, till - lie so rnroly wrote, yet in her bright moods, she comforted herself by tho idea that spore was her only rival. As for Harcourt, in spito of his being ongagod ho nevor sooniod to realise that mnrriago would Iiavo to follow. In fact, so terrible was tho thought that he soldom slept ; his nights woro restless and disturbod, nnd the only time ho brightoned up whilo at Waysloy's was at dinner, whon tho ladies had loft, and the shooters were discussing their morning's sport. A cloxo obscrv-or would quickly have perceived that neither Maud nor Warren iookod as happy as thoy ougilt to bo. Truth to toll, warren was slowly dis covering that the safeguard was a failure, nnd sometimes had serious thoughts of making a clean breast of everything, and confessing to Wnyslcy tliot ho did not Uvo his sister sufficiently, and then lie would dispel such thoughts as dishonour able, vowing that such ideas must be eradicated, and never nllowcd to enter his mind ugaiu. But tlioy ilid though, nud that oveniug, ho cumo to tho final conclu sion that there was only ono woman ho could ever lovo, and that was Esmo. Ho reasoned that ovon if ho did not marry her, they could still bo friends, and after all, would it not bo bettor to speak tho trutn now, than deceive tins little girl, by marrying her when Hhe did not hold u corner in his heart Yes 1 ho would havo tho pluck to speak tho truth, come wlint may. Shortly aftor this, tilings took an unexpected turn. Ono evoning after dinner, while smoking, alouo with Waysley, in n small summer- house in the grounds, Harcourt noticed that his host was vory quiot and Iookod put out and perplexed, so much that ho began to wonder whether Waysley had discovered his change of mind. Both men sat quietly blowing rings of smoke up into the still air, whon Waysley broko tho silonce by saying : ' Warren, I hope you won't bo offended at what I am going to say, hut considering the position you hold towards my sister, I must tell you that I don't think it fair to hor, nor good taste on your part, that you should bo so constantly seen in tiio society or lauios wnosu ciiaracterx uo nut bear investigation.' Harcourt heard this extraordinary statcmont in silonce, and with a broad staro of astonishment, so Waysloy con tinued : ' It's not fair, my dear friond ; we havo all had our fling, but surely, when a man becomes engaged, ho ought to loave the sowing of wild oats to younger man. I am not a saint myself — nover was, but were I in your position, ongagod to u pure woman, I should givo tiio ' good-bye ' to thoso belonging to nnottier sot.' Harcourt's staro of astonishment was fast changing into ono of indignation, as he remarked : ' What on eartli aro you talking about 7 If you woro not speaking in so serious a tono, I should think you were joking.' ' I was nover mora serious in my lifo,' Waysloy ropliod. 1 In that caso, I must ask you to oxplain yourself at once,' retorted Harcourt angrily, for recently ha had takou an un- accountable dislike to Waysloy, who had lot out one or two bints of this sor' before. ' Don't play tho hypocrito, Warron ; a donial always makos mnttors worse.' ' Dick, I will not stand that,' the other observed. ' Your statemont is most un warrantable, nnd I defy you to niontion anyono you havo scon 1110 with thnt I would hoxitato to introduce to your sister.' 'Good heavens I don't talk liko tlmt, man. You and I would soon fall out if you introduced your Bohemian ladies to my sistor.' Harcourt was simply getting furious. 1 Havo you boon drinking I' bo asked. ' I hope so, for thon thoro would bo some oxcuso for your eccentric conduct. Don't be so mysterious ; speak plainly, who is tho lady you're driving at 1' 'Oh I several,' answered Waysley, in differently. ' It is a lie, sir.' Waysloy was taken aback. IIo began to calm down, being ovidently afraid of Harcourt, and soinowliat soothingly said : ' I am not led only by tho idle gossip I havo hoard for some months past ill tho clubs, but am going by tho ovidence of my own eyes.' ' Who havo you seon mo with 7' de manded Harcourt. ' ' You know." That woman with a history, Esmo Harding.' 'And what do you know against hor J' unifl Witri'ftiiffc noudSnitali'. ''I'hfirft nn woman I havo a greater respect for, and I dure you to say it word to har discredit.' ' My dear fellow,' coolly replied Ways- icy, ' you aro talking in horoicx, nnd evidently ore quito ignorant of your subject, though I confoss its rathoi re freshing to hear a man of tho world speak so innocently. I rather liko you for it,' and ho gave an unpleasant laugh, ' but please don't couplo women of that class with my sister.' ' That class I what do you mean V 'What I say. If you don't know it you ought to. Sho's not straight.' 1 You lie,' replied Harcourt, but there was a look of pain on his faco not easy to hide. ' All right ! thon I do, if it will please you, but again I say that you shall not introduce a woman of that kind to my sister.' Hnrcourt roso from his scat, and flung away his cigar, than standing faco to face with Waysley, said slowly and deliberately, You havo taken away this woman's character, and what you have said is false. I now call you a mean and contcmptibio hound, as well as a liar. Prove your words which, by Houvan 1 you shall this night.' I can prove it,' quickly replied Ways- ley, white with rage. ' Do so at onco, then I will withdraw every word I havo uttered in anger, and humbly ask your pardon. If you can't, i ii uruiiu yuu u uuwim u, "UUIOTGI j\ju go.' ' I can prove it, if you daro roe to. ' Then do it.' 1 If I toll you of ono man, will that bo sufficient 1' ' Yes, quick, his name V Waysley dropping his head, said : ' He stands before you.' ' By God I' shouted Warron, starting back, ' Mortimer I' What might hijve happened after this terrible diucovory, no que can telj, but fortiinatoly for Waysley, or p&ilmpS; both, for Waysloy was not a coward, thoy were interrupted by the sudden appearance of tho footman, who said : Ibeg your pardon, sir, hut will you want tho lamps lighted in tho billiard- room this evening 7' Noithor spoke for Hovoral Roconds ; at last Harcourt took tho initiative, and saying, ' I am not fool ing vory woll to night, so I am going to bod,' quickly walked up tiio garden patli, entered the houso, went straight up to his room, and having shut the door, ex claimed ' Mortimer ! By heuvons, I havo found him.' CHAPTER XVI. waysley unmasked. Wariien passed another dismal night. The hours soomcd interminable, and tho reflection thnt lio was Wnyley'x guest was most repulsivo to him. To think that lie, of nil men, should bo staying under the roof, and accepting hospitulity, from tho man who had caused Esme's unhappy lifo— the diabolical vidian, who was now coward onougli to betray hor secret. Of one thing lie felt assured, and that wus, that ho could never stand being related to him by marriage. This settled tho matter entirely, Harcourt rolled about from side to side and wooed Morpheus in vain. His brain seemed on flro ; ho got up, walked up and down tho room, thou sat down and tyicd to read, but nil to no purpoxo. His thoughts woro fixed on ono subject, and after a time lie pullod up the blind ami looked out of tho window. It was now daylight — if ho could only read ; but no, that was impossible, and three mora weary hours must pass beforo ho would bo callod. Tlioro woh nothing for it but to turn in again, so back ha went to bed ; and after again twisting anil turning, dropped off to sleep, eventually, from sheer exhaustion. Unfortunately, his lest was soon disturliod by a sharp rap at tho door, which was thrown open, and Wilson, tho servant, entered briskly, in his usual methodical manner, took tho rcgulutiou number of steps up to tho dressing-table, where ho put down his tray — pulled tho blinds up to tho top witli rcntless hand, then took the small ruuiiU (diuic, Milieu uvci jrv/»#uy niii/tvn. This lie placed by Warrou's bedside and put tho tray on it, which held a cup of tea anil soino lottors. Thon two or threo mora stops woro taken to secure somo boots, and also somo clothes to brush ; and that accomplished, he repeated tho samo words ho said ovory day, 'Half- past eight, sir, breakfast ut half-past nine — will you tako a bath to-day 7— Yes, sir.' Throe more mechanical slops, and Har court was loft in peaco again. The lattor nover moved, ho was so utterly fagged out. Auother quarter of an hour was allowed to olapse, when Wilson knocked nt the door, throw it open, and prepared tho bath — then flow out again liko a whirlwind. When Harcourt roso, ho went to tho window. It was a wretched day, ruining hard, a steady downpour. Bettor, so ho thought, it would bo inora in keeping witli tho interview ho intended having with Maud. When somothing misorabio has to bo said or dono, it is more ia nation with I our feelings to havo a misorabio day for it. Warren took a longer timo to dress than usual, ho was listless, and ill at case. Whon lie went down to breakfast, ho found Maud ready to pour out tho coffee as usual. 8ho told him her brother had gono down to the village ; evidently sho know nothing of the quarrel, but nevertheless, sho was in a contemplative mood. Unliko engaged people, thoy seouied to havo vory little to say to each otlior, and very soon Maud left tho tablo and wont into the inorning-rooin to write her letters, while Harcourt wended his way to the library, and having smoked, pulled his moustache, shaken his head, and behaved generally as if ho was going to take a nausaus dose, made his way to tho room in which Maud had installed herself. He glanced at her us ho entered, nnd could not help thinking that her littlo face did not wear such a happy expression as when he first know her, and this idea helped Iiiin to start the attack at once. So he drew a elmir close to hers and said, ' Maud, dear, aro you as fond of mo as you fancied you were a little time ago 7' To which sho ropliod, colouring doeply, ' Wlint a funny question to ask I why, of courso I am.' ' Do you lovo mo very much 7' ' I liko you awfully, awfully,' sho answered, ' or I should not havo consented to becomo your wifo.' There was a long pause. Warron was afraid to procoed, and all tho resolutions he hnd made during the night were fast leaving Iiiin. Ho folt his position acutely. If this girl really loved him, how could ho tell hor that ho loved ono olse7 At last lie said oarnestly, taking her linnd in his, Maud, are you quite sure we love oach other sufficiently to be companions for life 1' ' For life !' she repeated, then hor oyos filled with tears. ' Warron, why do you speak liko this 7 I am sure, I liko you vory much — I think I lovo you.' Tiio latter part of iter answer ndmitted tho possibility of a doubt, and gave Warren confidence Tightening Iiis hold upon iter hand, he said, ' Maud, if I told you that I did not love you with all tiio sincerity and earnestness that a man should feel towards the woman lie is going to make his wife — would it break your heart 1' This poworful hint hod tho desired effect. Sho drew herself farther away from him, remarking — ' Warren you don't lovo ine, nnd if you desire it, I will releaxo you at onco from your engage ment.' Wnrrcn followed this speech rapidly, by saying, ' My dear, I don't think wo either of us are very much in lose, but idle compliments nre unnecessary ; we thought wo possessed oath other's affec- tions, but wo havo discovered our mistake ia timo. Is it not better to admit this now, than to endure tho pain and bitter ness that Ruch a discovery would entail, when to late to retrace our stops 1 I should not Iiavo vontured however, I fear, to speak so oponly to you, had I not read a hesitation in your faco, as to tho wisdom of the step we were about to take.' Maud slightly assented, by nodding her head, which was bent. Hor eyes were fixed oil lief lap, whore, hor liamds were nervously twisting abosfs tiio ftqdi of- her dress. Getting no further encourage ment, Warron continued, ' Wo aro not looking forward to our future, as real lovers do, aro we 7 You do ino more than justico, I know, in tho estimation you hold rae. But, do you lovo mo— No I' Maud made no answer. So Harcout wont on to say, ' To be candid, dour, the fault is mine, for such is your loving nature, that if I hod loved you with all. my soul and strength, I am sure my affection would havo been reciprocated, always supposing that your heart was free to win ; but I confess thnt I was not in earnest. Think of mo as you will, I feel that nothing is too bad for mo, nevertheloss, I am speaking tho truth," and lie fixed his oyes steadily on Maud. He had not moved his position, nor sho hers ; and tlioy had been loss intont, tlioy would have seen something that they least oxpocted. Loukiiig-glaxs apposite where they sat reflected tho faco of Richard Waysloy, who panthcr-liko, had crept into tho room, and stood liko a spirit-form ghastly pale, biting Iiis lips, ns if ready to pounce on his prey. Yes,1 continued Wurron, ' I must toll you, although I feel how I am towering myself in your esteem, iny affection is only half hearted, yot it is bottor that I should open my heart to you now —as I said tiotoro — Mian marry you, anu lot you uw- covcr tho truth nftowardx. All I can ask ask now is — will you forgive mo for tho despicable part I have played 7' Thoro was a dead silence for a few seconds, when Maud, after wiping away a fow tears, replied : 'Affection cannot be forced. I liko you for wiiat you have said, and indeed you Iiavo not sunk in my ostiiiiution.' ' But you havo in mine, you cur,' in terrupted Waysley, who came forward, ' I domain! an explanation of your dis honourable conduct. Maud started up terribly frightened, and was making fur tho door, whon hor brother stood in tho way. Ho saw tho gnmo was up, aud determined un having a parting shut at Harcourt before he loft. ' Stay whoro you aro, Maud, for you shall hear the explanation this man must mako.' 'I'll mako nono to you,' answered aauuhjui d. - x iiavo gpukuu wiu bruui wj your sister, and asked hor forgiveness.' ' Are you quito sure you havo spoken tho whole truth 1' asked Waysloy, whoso faco was full of revengeful malica. ' Quito sure,' returned Harcourt, ' pain ful though it was,' ' Have you told hor the cnuso of your dishonourablo action 7' asked Waysloy. ' I liuvo told hor that I am not worthy of her affection, ' Harcourt rejoined. ' Iiavo you told hor tlmt you lovo someone else V ' No,' interrupted Maud, ' for it is not true. Captain Harcourt lias not behaved dishonourably to rao, and I ndmiro him for having tho moral courage to bo so candid ' ' Stop !' intorposed Waysley, ' this man is not speaking tho truth. Ho has flung you over for soincono else.' ' I will hot boliovo it,' Maud answered impulsively. ' IIo has not told you, persisted Waysloy, ' that ho prefers tho socioty of a disroputablo woman to yours.' | ' Warron, this is not true, dony it !' : said Maud, ' dmiy it ' Ho can't. You, my poor child, have been flung no ono si'lo for a fast woman, c 'Oh, shnmo! You, of nil mon, havo i no right to speak like this — least of all in that pure girl's pressure.' 'Sho shall hear ovorytbing !' shouted Waysloy, whoso rugo was getting beyond control. ' Everything !' , , ' Oil ! say that it is not truo 1 implored Maud. ,, ., 'I can't altogether,' was reply. 'It is truo that I lovo nnothor woman.' ' Oil, Wnrrcn !' ejaculated Maud, who sank into the chair half-fainting. 'Maud,' said Harcourt, seeing her ugitution, ' I can never forgive myself, but wheu you hear all I am about to say you will not think me so black as ho has chosen to paint mo. Your brother is forcing mo to speak upon a subject I should never have pained you _ by men tioning, so I must, most unwillingly, ask your attention. Tho lady ho rotors to is notdisreputnble, sho has been unfortunate, nnd has a sad history, I loved her, but tried to forget hor, ns I left — knowing what I did— I could nover mako her my wife. I met you, and, thinking I was a free agont, I encouraged an affection for you, which has failed, and I havo lost tho chance of winning a puro heart--, for I know fow who possess snch sweet ways, and such a gentle disposition. But I cannot forget my first lovo.' Waysley, half afraid last Warron should say something to his discredit, ordered Mau-rl to lonvo the room, say ing : ' I am not dusirous that my sister should hear a woman discussed who holds sucli a equivocal position. Witli regard to yourself, you havo behaved like a blackguard I' ' Not such a blackguard as yourself,' retorted Harcourt. 'I was anxious to spare your sister tho pain of showing up her brother hi Ills truo colours, but now I shall refrain no longer. Let her judgo for herself who is tho most dis honourable— Tho man who alters his mind and breaks Ids ongngemont, or tho limn who ruins a school-girl under a premise of marriage !' Maud started up, too shocked and horrified to speak abovo a whisper. 1 Is this horriblo thing true 7' 'It is,' answered Harcourt sternly. 'Under the assumed namo of Captain Mortimer lie deceived the poor child, and sho is tho womun I lovo. He had embittorcd her life and niino— ho deserted her, but I will not. On my return to town I will nsk hor to be my wifo. Miss Waysley, forgivo mo for tho pain I havo caused you, but your brother forcod my hand when ho was coward enough to insult tho poor womun he had uo cruelly betrayed. I was hound to tako har nn fh nntl Imrl T lffinwn fhaf. lllnltiirfl Waysloy was Captain Mortimer, I would never havo entorcd this house.' ' Oh, Dick I Dick I' sobbed Maud brokon-licurtedly, and staggering to her foct slio fainted in tho arinx of her brotlior, who, livid with anger, said : ' Harcourt, you shall answer for this !' chapter" XVII. A FATAL qUAIlHKI,. Pooh Edith Hendon littlo thought that in endeavouring to do good, sho was in reality doing harm. Tiio sad appearance of tho apparently dying youth so touched her that sho bestowed all the kindness she possessed in attending to his wants. Unfortunately, this kindness, which was only tho outcomo of pity, he, poor follow, mistook for lovo. Ho had told her that ho iiad no relations, and hardly any friends, which increased her sympathy fur liini. But alio know nothing of his previous history, how lately he had boon living by black mailing a woman, swamping most of tho money in drink and loose acquaintances, how ho had also lost good, kind friends by borrowing money from hard-working people, who had striken by mueli self- denial to save a few pounds, which Ferriers squandered on reckless com panions in a fow days, nover returning a farthing of tho moiioy. Edith Hendon only knew his as a lonely invalid who looked in tho last xtagoofof ronsuniptson. Doubtless there wore redeeming points in Forricrs' churactcr, but ho had never hud a chance. Now, fur the first timo iio had met a good woman, who treated him with all the dovution of a loving sistor, ami when of somo occasions lie had burst out witli n display of nffect- tionato gratitude, she never dreamt for a moment that tliev were intnndnil fm- expression of lovo. She hadn't tho liciirt now to tell him ho was deceiving him self, as ovidently ho Imd not sufiiciont strength to bear tho truth. 8o a week or two| passed by, when Edith took hor mother into hor confidence, nnd thoy agreed it would ho bast to break tho truth to him, for they loft that it was wrong to let him imagine it was over possible for hor to lovo him. Miss Hondon therefore accepted an in vitation she had received to stay with somo friends in tho country, and when she was gone, Sirs. Hondon called Forriors into tiio room, and at onco told him tho truth. Tears filled tho kind woman's oyes, as "ho told him hew sorry slio was for him, but ho muse forgot hor daughter entirely ; and as ho said it was inipossibio for Iiiin for him to bo merely a friend, perhups he had better leave them. ' My poor boy,' continued Mrs. Hondon, 'don't givo way,' for Fred looked the picture ot despair; 'you know it was not her fault, sho never intentionally encouraged you i Bo bravo, you are young, and havo inany years before you.' ' I ' hopo not,' said Forriors, ' this is tho lbst straw. I wax born under an unlucky Btar, no good coinos my way. If tho sun shines on uio, it is only for a second, tlion the clouds pass in front, and ait in dark ugaiu. I novur did any good to unyiiody, and nover shall now, I wisli I had died in tho hoxpitul, with all thoso good womon round mo.' It was painful to witness Forriors' absoluto dospair. Mrs. Hondon did all slio could to comfort him, but it was unavailing. Ho quioted down, and tho noxtday wont for a walk, and orer the same ground ho iiad so ofton gono with Edith Hondon but now, how different. All beauty seemed to havo faded from tho picturesque old houses, nnd quaint doorways. Ho wandered back liomo-and on entering the Iioubo, tho little servaqt told hiqithat Mrs. Hendon had gono out, and would bo back again in half an hour. Now, lie felt was tho opportunity for carrying out an idea tlmt ho had hastily formed. Ho wont up to his rooms, and put tho fow things ho possessod together, found his bill in a drawer, which was for tlui absurd sum of eight pounds for two months. This lie enclosed in an envelope, with a bank note for twenty, and also a scribbled lino to Mrs. Hon don, which ran as follows : ' I can't stay here any longer my dear Mrs. Hondon, it's killing mo. Goyd-byo, and thanks for all your kindness. I tasted happincx for tho first timo in my lifo under your roof, and I wish now, I hnd never known its flavour. 1 Going back to my old life.' 'Yours wretchedly, ' Fred Feriuhiis.' 'That will do, said I'orrriors, as ho soaled up the envelope, and laid it on tho tabic. Evon in that iliurt spaco of timo his expression was strangely changed for the worso, his faco Iiad bcconio white and haggard, and his oyos looked liko two shining bends, surrounded by dull blue. He snapped his fingers several times, uud then hurst out laughing, his excitement was almost delirous. ' Back to life again — down to the West — I'vo got thirty pounds, and by God I I'll blow it. I tried to bo good, but it's a failure. Curse honour, and nil its surroundings— it never did mo any good, and nover will ; 'ns you make your bed, so you lie on it.1 I made mine up on clmmpagno bottles, und stuffed it with T.O.U.'s. Here, where the li All I I am getting myself again, I haven't done a swear for months, hut I'll make up for lost timo directly.' When lie got downstairs, lie peeped into the littlo parlour, wlicro lie imd passed so many Imppy evenings ; it sobered him for a second, hut the sub duing influence quickly passed away, and an almost, murderous expression disfigured his countenance as lie cumo faco to faco with tho littlo servant girl, who being alarmed at Iiis excited nppoarance, said : ' Oil I sir, what, is tho matter— how ill you look — can I got you ' 'Nothing at all, you beauty,' inter rupted Ferriers savagely ; ' here's a sov. for you. I hare settled the bill, it's upstairs. I'm off, now hold your jaw' (for tho servant began to scream), 'or I'll cut your blooming throat. You don't know mo, and it's lucky fur you all you don't.' Then giving Iter a punch, ' Get out of the wjiy,' and throwing open the hall door, shouted, ' Hi ! cab.' One ; happening to pass by, he jumped in, and on the cabman asking liitn where to, ho shouted, 'Anywhere out of this God- forsakon neighbourhood, Critorion'il do.' Ferriors was indeed rapidly going to pieces, Ho took a room at the Savoy Hotel. Why shouldn't ho i— he thought, lie had tho money, nnd when tlmt was ' blewod,' us lie expressed it, tie would got moio somehow. That night ho arrived homo drunk, aud for some days Iiis misory and despair knew no hounds. Now and thon lie would cry nnd scream liko a child, and tlion ho would snap his fingers and laugh like a lunatic. His health Imd gone, and Iiis brnin was following. Ho had purchased a dress suit ready madu at Blackford's in Convent Garden, nnd looked up Iiis old friend Kate, ut tho ' Red Posts,' but his very odd ways frightened her, and slio soon regarded jiiin as a nuisance in tho bar, and at hor instigation ho has frequently removed. On one occasion ho Iiad begged so hard that slio would dine witli Iiiin and go to a tiieatro aftor, that to got rid of him, she promised to go, but when the day came, slio made an oxcuso, saying slio was not well, and afraid to go out. As a mutter of foot, she Imd mi engagement that evening, and whilo the burman was giving Ferriers tho massage, she slipped nut at tho side door, to keep iter appointment. Ferriers wandered from bar to liar, and picked tip .some of his old companions. This resulted in more dissipation, und at a lato hour, u proposal on tho part of ono of thom to pay a visit to the Hvuciiith club, was jumped at by Ferriers, so Harry Trenton, who was a member, took thom in. (to nr. oontim.-hii). 