The usual monthly V.D.L. trip is ad vertised for to-morrow. Also special trains and faros in connection wth the Cambridge Fair, to-day. Mb BbadshawMajob's Musical Society will give a ohoral and oroheBtral con cert at the Town Hall on Sept 26. The programme will shortly be printed and its excellence may be anticipated from the fact (hat tbe combination includes 100 performers under the oouduotorshlp of the competentaforesaid Bradsbaw Major. Tot Febb Lakob, published at Auck land (N.Z.), is the latest addition to popular journalism. The new weekly is illustrated, and its literary matter is bright and breezy, while as an additional fighter for Democracy it promises to be vigorously fearless — the hitter, of course, by grace of the iniquitous libollaws. The Corporation has removed the hateful man-trap at the corner of Liver Cand Campbell streets. The thing been a disgraceful menace to life and limb for years, and it should have been removed years ago. Still, ' Better late than never! '—only (let the Civic fathers rememberit), better never late I Hope is one of the unreported orators of Parliament. On every possible oppor tunity, Hope gets up and delivers a very intricate and weighty lecture on agricul ture. Then the members get thirsty, and the reporters slumber as innocently as spring lambs in best grass. Good old Hope is a singularly restful orator. Mb. Tbos. C. Simpson has been ad mitted to the Tasmauian bar. Theyoung lawyer oomes from the firm of Butler, Mclntyre, and Butler, and in private life enjoys the respect and esteem ot his friends, whioh this paper, as he intends to practice in Hobart, is certain he will be enabled to extend in his business relations to the general public The newly-formed Hobart Choral So ciety will, in conjunction with the Orpheus Club, hold a grand concert at tbe Town HalL on Monday night. The programme will include items by popular soloists, and in the second part Lord Scott's ' Lay of the Last Minstrel.' As re hearsals of the chorus and solos have been consistently satisfactory, the concert-going public may confidently an ticipate an enjoyable evening. The Hobart Operatic Society, under the managership of Mrs Benson, is billed to stage 'The Soroerer' at the Royal, on Tuesday and Wednesday Sept 11th and 12th. All playgoers will re member the laurels won by Mrs. Benson and her talented pupils, some months back, when they produced ' The Mikado' and succeeded in crowding the Theatre from pit to the heaven of the gods with delighted audiences. Under the skilful tuition of the lady manager the ama tuer loses his proverbial mode and 'struts the stage to the manner born and interprets Sullivan's brought music with tuneful grace, and Gilbert's lib retto does not lose its sprightly art and wickedness. Mr. Sidney Kalfe (of Mel bourne), who is known in Hobart, has been specially engaged to play Captain Alexis, and Mrs. Benson will sing ' Lock ing Back,' which song ranks among the compjsers' best compositions. Included in the spectacular effects of the opera will be a military march, resplendent in Britain's banners, and martial music ; also those weird creations of the fantastic mind, demons and ghosts, will for the first time he embodied in human guise by amateurs. 'Buttonhole' Smith is a very happy man just now, and the cogno scenti unanimously declare that the gallant pensioner will wear a white bell topper to the end of his days. Smith presented the silver bugle of his old volunteer) corps to tho First Con tingent, and sent a photo, of the bngle and himself to the Queen. The other day, Smith received this letter : — Sir Arthn r Bipge begs to acknowledge the reoeipt of Mr. H. E. Smith's letter of the 4th ultimo, with tbe enclosed photogianb, which be but ^ircn to the Queen. Her Majesty baa desired ber thanks to lie re turned to Mr. Smith for his kind and loyal expressions. Privy Purse Office, Baokinftham Palace, S.W. 10th July, 1900. Smith goes six inches more round the chest now than he did a fortnight ago, and by Christmas — when he should be a baronet or something — he will be of a very imposing size. Deae Clipper — A local contemporary informs the public that Reactionary Piesse will condescend to take a scat in the Federal Parliament and bequeath his seat in the Legislative Council to Mr. T. Grant (the electors are not taken into ac count in this arrangement). He trill also bequeath Piesse's fad, the 'Local Gov ernment Bill' to the ratepayers, if they are foolB enough to accept it. The Bill proposes to more than double the rates on industry, and let the fatman go com paratively free, curtail the voting power of the working man and small settlers, and increase the voting power of the fat man to six votes, amalgamate three Par liament electoral districts into one, and make the electors vote as one constitu ency and allow no plumping. Piesee's fad provides for 264 shire councillors and local committees, and other local bodies. What will become of Tasmania with a Federal Parliament, a House of Asssembly, a Legislative Council and 204 shire councillors P Great Scott! they will devour everything in the colony and Play at their merry game, And laws and constitutions frame To suit the cunning few. — Dodo. Mb. Beeves, the brainy A?ent General of Maoriland, has-been offered an edito rial chair on the staff of the London Daily Chronicle, but so far has not ac cepted. It will be remembered that in the early days of the Transvaal War Beeves was one of the only Colonials in London who kept bis head, with the re sult that he was able to keep his Govern. ment well posted with reliable war news ; and as a result was dubbed a pro-Boer, 