THE REV. JOHN A. D0WIE. The Hev. John Alexander . Do wie, founder and general overseer of the Christian Catholic Church, •which lias its headquarters at Chicago, has been creating no utue j stir in England by his advocacy of a ' scheme for transporting to Zion City, on lake Michigan, Wisconsin, U.S., a colony of workmen skilled in tiie manufacture of lace. It is admitted that the said city has no 'tangible existence at present, but in the eyes of "The Divine Hei ers'' this is quite an unimportant fletail. It is his will Urat a great centre of the latv-inakjiijr industry shall exist in the neighbourhood of Chicago, and, as in the case of the Saiianic Council Chamber in "Paradise Lost,'' it is straightway to rise "like an exhalation." And, indeed, as is pointed out bv the .London halfpenny morning papers—the more digniiied penny journals have.not deigned to take notice of John Alexander and his projects—he has some reason to plume himself upon his creative powers. In five years, it is said, although he oSers healing without money and without price, he has passed from penury to plenty, having amassed on enormous fortune, which he professedly holds in trust for his Church. Of the nature of his methods something may be learned from the following apjxail issued in December last:—'"To officers and members of the Christian Catholic Church in all parts of the world, and to all friends o£ Zion—Beloved brothers and sisters in Jesus Christ our Lord, I call for a New Year's gift of one millipn dollars. You can answer that call each according to his ability. ] Bring the whole t:she into the storehouse; I bring your largest poss;bi ~~the storehouse. God has given me the right j to ask this from you in Jesa's name. The Holy Ghost calls upon you not only for a large gift from your plenty, but for sacrifices from your sufficiency. I fear no criticism from apostate Churches or from envious, unreasonable people, j who will persistently misiepresent my words, actions, and methods. '.Therefore see to it ye do this thing lovingly, generously, J and quickly." To do the rev. gientlemaii 1 justice, he makes no hypocritical attempt to.j mislead those whom he addresses into ima- i gining that he does not personally nandle I the money sent him, for in the subscription- j form issued witih the appeal he clearly I states that contributions are to be applied ! according to his decision. Moreo.\\.r, lie i makes no secret of the fact tha'i be is acting as a Company-promoter; that I he desires to collect a million or two million dollars—it does not seem to be ve y ' clear which—to -set Zion on its legs; and that this sum is to be raised on the security of scrip giving the holder an interest in the settlement and in the proceeds of the laeemaking. With much worldly wisdom he does not importune any one to subscribe; on the contrary, he warns his faithful followers—the men of Zion—that although they stand first they must hurv up or be left out in the cold. Such tactics have etood him in good steid in the past, and are not unlikelv to do so in the futuv?. Unfortunately for him he has nejt been able to wield such a-.commanding influence over the silk workers of Nottingham as he expected. He and his Deacon and right-hand man, a Mr. Stevenson, have prevailed upon a few Beeston men to emigrate by undertaking to raise tbeir wages from the £3 per week they are now receiving to £7, and in one instance to £10,.but c,there to whom they have made advances are of a more sceptical turn of mind. They are anxious, to have a better guarantee than has yet been offered them, and that for the very simple reason that their attention has been called to the United .States Jaws, which make it a highly penal offence for any oae, except in circumstances which are wanting in this case, to enter into a contract for the employment of any alien prior to the arrival of that alien in America. Further developments of the mission of the Chris tian Catholic apostle are being awaited with muca interest. 