ARCHBISHOP REDWOOD'S SERMON. . VIEW OF THE REFORMATION. ITS EFFECTS ON CIVILISATION. In view of the public interest taken in Archbishop Redwood's sermon on the occa- sion of the dedication of St. Mary's Cathe- dral, Sydney, the remarks he made touching Protestantism are doubly important. Recog- nising this, we give poition of the sermon belciw. As reported in foe Sydney Vxesb, the Archlblahop'ö seimon contained the following passages :-My text is " Ho shall reign in the house of Jacob for ever, and of His kingdom there shall bfc no end"-St. Luke 1. 32-3. We aro here assembled In thousands to hold a grand cele- bration, and to luauguiate a gi eat event of ecclesiastical history-gi cat in the memories of tho past, groat in the blight hopes of tho future-the First Australasian Catholic Con- gi ess. For many years, and under three successive Archbishops, conspicuous for their zeal, ability, and success, you Catholics of Sydney, emulating the piety of your fore- fathers in those ages of faith which cre- ated the noblest leligious edifices, gray with .venerable age, in the Old Woild, set your- selves the noble task of perpetuating in this fair Austral land the glorious tradi- tions of the past. This beautiful cathe- dral, now sufficiently completed to make us envy the eye3 that will seo it in its finished magniflcance-this structure so grand in design, so solid, so majestic, and so rich In every architectural grace and detail-Is your gift to the Almighty, worthy of your traditional faith and devotion. It is tho triumph of your faith and genoroslty. It will stand on its commanding site a principal ornament of your queenly capital, a splendid landmark, to be hailed with joy by the pilgrim from distant shores as he sails up your incomparable hnrbour. I re- member that eighteen years ago, at the first opening of this noble pile, my theme was the divinity of Christ, and I seo no rc.ison to change, that theme to-day. Christ did not found a school by science, nor an empire by might, nor a sect by the passions of men-Ho founded a religious society, or church, by His own divine power ; He set up a spiritual kingdom to last for ever. This glorious kingdom, THIS SPIRITUAL .WORLD, l Immeasurably superior to the material world around us, ia the «work of His Divine creative power, employing for that ¿nighty purpose human instruments, humanly speaking entirely inadequate. The Church, being the work of Christ, was made to His image and likeness. The Church is one with Christ. She is His spouse, His mystic bod,y. Through her, therefore, Ho is always visible, always speaking, always acting in the world. She is, so to speak, His prolongation through time and space. His threefold functions of prophet, priest, and king He discharges by means of His mystic body, the Church. Christ gave in- fallibility,To His Church. But-still groater gife-He'gave her indefectlbility. Not only will she never ,err In the domain of faith and morals, hut sho will continue alwayä j to the end of the world ; and as long as she exists she cannot err. She is inde- fectible, and she claims this property in the solemn and reiterated promises of Christ, her head. He promised that the gates of hell should not prevail against her; that He would be with her all days even to the consummation of the world (Matt, xviii.). Hence her falling would make void His promises. Infallibility is a mighty and awful gift, but necessary to meet and overcome a gigantic evil, the lapse of mankind Into error, tho total loss of re- vealed truth, the extinction of the super- natural In the minds and souls of men. Consider for a moment tho number and nature of the Christian dogmas ; consider the catholicity of the Church ; consider the infirmity and malice of men ; consider the universal solvent of truth, man's proud, restless, and perverted intellect ; consider men's proclivities to sects and divisions; consider all this, and you will read ly ad- mit the wisdom and necessity of this spe- cial providence and assistance of God called infallibility. CHRIST IS A PRIEST, ana Ho imparted His priesthood to His Church. Declaring Himself a high priest, according to the order ot Melchlsdech, Christ as a priest forgave sin. He is the "Lamb that taketh away the sins of the world." That power of forgiving sin He also left to His Church in the person of HW priests, who in the Sacrament of Order re- ceive from Him the power which, after His resurrection, He gave to His apostles, say- ing : " Receive ye the Holy Ghost ; whose sins you shall forgive they are forgivon thom, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained." Finally, Christ, as a priest, . gave to His Church His sanctity, with the power to create, increase, and propagate it in His memhers by the seven channels ot His sacraments, by His perfect law or standard of life, and by His Divine ex- ample. Christ also wished His Church to bo catholic or universal. Finally, Christ made the Church apostolic, because she has her origin and ber doctrine from Him through His Apostle, and because she has the succession of her pastors uninterrupted from them to our day. Contrast the true Church, the body and bride of Christ, with the multitudinous pretenders around her. Look at those hundreds of contradictory de- nominations which swarm In the British Empire and in some other parts of the globe. Have they any of the marks of the true Church, unity, sanctity, catholicity, and apostolicity ? Surely not. They have no unity. Look not for sanctity in those separate sects I speak not of individuals, but of systems. The authors of the Greek schism, Photius In the ninth century and Michael Cerulariu3 in the eleventh, had no motive for their separation but blind am- bition and lust of power. The leaders and founders of Protestantism, Luther, Calvin, Zwinglius, &e.;, were NOTORIOUS FOR THEI'R VICES. Among the Greek schismatics the clergy are badly trained for their sacred functions, and live in a state of pitiful abjection and con- tempt ; they receive little or no considera- tion or respect from the people, and they neither spread nor fulfil tho Gospel teach- ing. Among Protestants the most effectual means of sanctification have disappeared abstinence, fasting, mortification, confession, communion, &c.; Both the Greek schism and Protestantism have rather obstructed than promoted true civilisation. The first has brought despot- ism upon the East, the second covered Europe with blood and ruins In the six- teenth century, and has ever since been the helper and instrument of the worst foes of Christianity. IT DESECRATED THE HOME, It polluted the nuptial bed, it lowered the dignity of womanhood, it devastated the school, and stopped the progress of science. In fine, neither Protestants nor Greek schis- matics have shown that the action of the Holy Ghost is with them,. No examples of heroic virtues, no saints in their ranks at all comparable to tho martyrs and mis- sionaries of the Catholic Church ; and they have never been able to obtain the sanction of a miracle for their work and their doc- trine. That they have no catholicity is glaringly evident. The Greek Church is confined to a part of tho East-chiefly Greece, Russia, and Turkey ; and Protes- tants are circumscribed within determinate limits—Lutherans in Germany, Calvinists in Geneva and France, Anglicans in English possessions. All are national and none catholic. Neither have they apostolicity. They are separated from the Pope, who is the heir of St. Peter, the chief of the Apostles ; they have a purely human and in no sense an apostolic origin. Their minis- ters HAVE NO LAWFUL MISSION, and they cannot say they have been sent by Jesus Christ to teach and baptise all na- tions. Privileged children of this Catholic Church, and standing on the threshhold of the twentieth century, we may appropriate- ly take a retrospect of the outgoing nine- teenth century. From the jaws of a revo- lution, the most fearful in history, Christ drow . His Church unscathed, robust, and purified by the fire of persecution. Many have been her struggles during the century all over the globe ; 'but many, too, her vic- tories, many of the events which have con- soled her children in their dire conflict with the world, the flesh, and the devil. We may instance the emancipation of the Catholics throughout the British Empire, brought about by the genius and eloquence of the immortal Liberator, Daniel O'connell ; the glorious reign of Pius IX.; the re-establishment of tho Hierarchy in England ; the Oxford movement and its harvest of illustrious converts, the Man- nings, the Newmans, the Fabers ; tho de- finition of the Immaculate Conception, and tho great spread of devotion towards the Blessed Virgin Mother of God, which have merited for this century the nnme of the " Age of Mary ;" the Vatican Council and its proclamation of Papal infallibility ; tho triumph of the Catholic Church in Germany over the State despotism, called by sad irony a fight for civilisation, Kulturkampf ; tho wonderful and yet present Pontificate of Leo. XIII., a truly providential man. He stands out like a lighthouse over our storm beaten age,' the ambassador of a higher power, the representative of a greater moral force,. the chief teacher pointing out to a world enshrouded In darkness the luminous path of true progress and civilisation. Will the world LISTEN TO GREAT LEO'S VOICE ? Will it accept his unerring guidance and paternal counsel, or will It spurn the guide and rush.headlong,into the abyss ? Time will tell. Meanwhile, what are the Church's hopes and fears for the century before us ? Besides the widespread perversion of minds caused by the numerous theories of rational- ism, besides the systematic war waged in several countries against the Church God's representative on earth, she has to contend with the materialistic tendency of the day. Then calculate the opposition raised against the Church from heresy and schism and all the means at their disposal. Great as are her perils, the Church has adequate power from her Divine Founder to meet and over- come them. In this country, at all events, her prospects are bright, while her progress 'has been wonderful. All honour to the founders of this flourishing Australian Church ! Hail, Commonwealth of Australia, youngest in the family of nations I God speed thee in thy great career ! Be virtu- ous ; be free ; be prosperous ; be eternal ! Procede prospere et régna, esto felix, esto beata, esto perpetua ! 