THE CARDINAL AT WOOLLAHRA. APPEAL ON BEHALF ON ST. MARY'S v; ; CATHEDRAL. THE CATHOLIC TRIUMPHS OF THE CENTURY. Thb Cardinal- Archbishop, carrying out his ' plan of campaign' on behalf of St. Mary's Cathedral iBuilding Fund, was at Woollahra on Sunday morning last. St. Joseph's came third on the list ?drawn up by his Eminence. Arriving at the church a few minutes before 11 o'clock (accom panied by the Very Rev. Dr. O'Haran), his Eminence was received by the Very Rev. P. A; Slattery, O.F.M. ; Rev. T. A. Fitzgerald, O F.M. ; mvov. iu. jjt un^uui, \j,x .!«.., una me lonowing members of the church committee : Messrs .Tames Maloney, Jamea Ryan, Philip Andrews, . Andrew Cummins, and J. Maguire. There was also a '.Guard of Honour composed of members of the A.H.C. Guild. The officers in charge of the Guild 'were Mr. T. J. M'Cabe (Warden- General), Mr. H. ;Williams (Bursar-General), Mr. J. J. Cummins (Warden, Woollahra), Mr. J. Gurr (Secretary), Mr. M. Ryan (Bursar), Mr. J. J. Curren (Warden, Paddington), and Mr. M. Kain (Bursar, Padding ton). ... AT MASS. - Father Gaynor was the celebrant of the Mass. The choir was under M. P. d'Orgeval (manager of the French Bank, Sydney), and the Mass sung was by the famous French composer, DeliheB, whose secular compositions have been made popular in Sydney by the Amateur Orchestral Society. M. d'Orgeval also sang a 'Pater Noster.' At the Offertory MisB M'Killop sang an ' O Salutaris ' by Colar. Miss Kearney was at the organ. After Mass Mr. J. Franca played a Triumphant March. THE CARDINAL'S DISCOURSE. His Eminence, addressing the congregation, said : He was there, as they were aware, to make an appeal on' behalf of St, Mary's Cathedral— the Mother Church of Australia. Many present had already shown their generosity in connection with the build ing of the new St, Mary'B. Indeed, he might say that they, and their fathers before them, had given proof of devotedness to religion by the earnestness with which they had helped in the raising up of the new St. Mary's as a grand monument of Catholic faith, Catholic zeal, and Catholic self- sacrifice. In a few months St. Mary's would be solemnly conse crated to the service of the Most High. Would it not be an abiding monument of their piety and devoted ness —an abiding monument marking the triumph of Holy Church in Australia? The century now draw ing to a close was remarkable in its many achieve ments. In a special way it was remarkable for the triumphs of social progress and religious activity— indeed, he did not know of any single century which was so rich in triumphs in every path of pro gress and Christian enlightenment as this nine teenth century of theirs. The close of the laBt cen tury witnessed the violence of a great conspiracy to overthrow the Catholic Church. The French Revolution marked not only opposition to Holy Church, but a desperate endeavour to Bubvert social order, and to abolish not only religion but the Christian name. The enemies of religion would seem to have concentrated their forces in France. Yet after a century we found that that country re tains the full fervour of Christian piety and Chris tian heroism. Never were the sons of France more fervent in the Catholic faith than at the present day. At the close of the last century the French mis sionaries in foreign fields numbered only 300. To-day, thanks be to God, there were no fewer than 50,000 French Catholic missionaries, including the devoted men whose work had been blessed with singularly happy results in Australia and in the various islands of the Pacific. There were to-day 30,000 French nunB and Brothers assisting in the work of educa tion and charity. As in France, bo in the same way SHoly Church had triumphed over her enemies in ?the other countries of Europe. In Austria, at the ?close of _ the last century, the Church was, so to -sptak, in fetters ; everything possible was ?done to hamper her energies ' and to impede her progress. One of the results of the present century was the sweeping away of the Josephine laws which had pressed so heavily on Holy Church. In the same way in Germany, at the beginning of the century there were little more than a million Catholics. At that time there was no more ' terrible hatred against the Catholic Church than . that which existed in the small German States. Well/ the progress of the century had witnessed the sweeping away of all those minor German States, and with them their persecutions. True, within the past 30 years an attempt had been made by the German statesman, Bismarck, to strike a blow at the independence and freedom of the Church in Germany. BiBmarek sought to deprive the Church of all its dignity and all its authority, spiritual as well 88 temporal — to make the Church a mere vassal of the new Empire. But Bfter a war of nearly 20 years the German statesman retired from the contest and struck the flag of injustice and persecution in acknowledgment of the triumph of Holy Church- The honour of this victory belongs to the Holy Father, Leo XIII., atid to the devoted and heroic members of the Catholic party in the German Parliament. To show how signally the attempt to crush the Church in Germany had failed, it was only necessary to allude to an incident of a few weeks 'past in the German Parliament when, in connec tion with some measure of justice, it was stated /that the Catholics of Germany now number no ? leB8 than 20,000,000. If we look from the material triumphs of Holy Church to her spiritual Bucces ?868 we will find that the present century has seen ?-among other things the complete overthrow 'and extirpation of the spirit of Jansenism. St was this spirit of Jansenism which had prepared *ne way for the so-called Reformation. Its object *as to undermine the Catholic Church in all the European countries. Well, to- day not a trace of Janseniam was to be found. We owe much of the wiumph of Holy Church over these false theories and teachings to St. Alphonsus Liguori. During jne present century, more than in any other period of toBtory, devotion to the Blessed Sacrament had entered largely into Catholic piety throughout the Tvorld. The processions in honour of the Blessed oaorament and the observance of the Forty Hours' -Adoration had been everywhere popularized, Catholic faith and Catholic sentiment had recog nized with fervour and thankfulness that the Blessed Sacrament is the fountain whence flows all true peace and joy and blessedness. Yet this was only one feature of the triumph of Catholic piety. During the century devotion to the Blessed Virgin had spread to every Catholic country and to every Catholic home. When we speak of devotion to the Blessed Virgin we speak of honour and homage to Our Blessed Saviour, for when we invoke the aid of the Mother of the Redeemer we do so with the consciousness of the power of her in tercession on our behalf with her Divine Son. To love the Mother of the Redeemer is to honour Our Blessed Saviour. Devotion to the Blessed Virgin was a characteristic act of piety in the nineteenth century. We had the month of May and the month of October dedicated to the honour of Our Blessed juady, and to crown all there was the solemn pro mulgation by the late Pope Pius IX. of the doc trine of the Immaculate Conception. This solemn setting of the seal of Holy Church in our time on a doctrine which had been universally accepted gave joy to the faithful throughout the world. In. the same way devotion to the Sacred Heart and a thousand other devotions had given fresh energy and increased spiritual fervour, to the faith ful in the nineteenth century. Review ing the triumphs of Holy Church during the past 100 years, it was a consolation, to see how, with so many enemies bent on encompassing her destruction, she had seen them all humbled and defeated. To-day Holy Church was perhaps more flourishing in her missions than she had been in any preceding century. And what would he say of the triumph of Holy Church in the person of the pre sent illustrious Sovereign Pontiff ? Despoiled of his temporal sovereignty, the moral and spiritual triumph of his Holiness has been complete. To-day the prisoner of the Vatican is hailed as a guide and counsellor not only by the children of Holy Church but by thousands . of those Christians who do not accept the teachings of Holy Church. To-day it is acknowledged even by the bitterest enemies of the Church that never has Pontiff exercised a more powerful moral influence, never has Pontiff wielded a wider sway in wisdom and humanity than does Leo XIII. to-day. During the present century the name of Australia for the first time has been inscribed on the annals of Holy Church. It is to the honour of Australia that it has added to the triumphs and to the glory of the Church. One hundred years ago there were only a few Catholic freemen .in this vast continent. Those men and the poor Catholic prisoners petitioned for some measure of religious freedom. Their petitions were scorn fully rejected and ignored by the Protestant authorities. It was not exaggerating to say that for the first 30 years of our colonial history the Church was under a scourge. During the past week they had celebrated the landing of the first Catholic priest in Australia. This poor priest came in the garb of a convict, and it would seem to have been the design of Providence that he should so come — a man innocent of crime, yet treated as a criminal — to sow the first seeds of the faith here, and to secretly minister to the spiritual wants of his com panions in exile.. About the same time two other Irish priests also came here, gentle, blameless men, with the brand of the convict upon them, victims of political conspiracy. The same thing happened in Russia and Poland. When the Russian Govern ment was carrying out its policy of persecution, hundreds of thousands of prisoners, moBtly Catholic Poles, were sent to the mines of Siberia. The Government would not allow a single Catholic priest to go with the dignity of the priesthood to Siberia. Yet hundreds of prieBts who were sent there as Blaves and prisoners, martyrs for conscience' Bake, became ministering angels to their poor fellow-Catholics. In the early ages of the Church we have an instance of the same providence of God. Many Christians who refused to offer sacrifice to the heathen gods as a punishment for their faith were sent to work in the marble mines in the region we now know as the Crimea. Pope St. Clement was himself seized and sentenced to work in the marble mines of Crimea. In one of the old paint ings still preserved in Rome we see this Pontiff working as a slave, and still giving consolation to those faithful souls around him. In the early days of Australia, many of the convicts were true exiles for the faith, men wholly innocent of crime. The priests to whom he had referred were men of supreme gentleness and devotedness. For thirty years an open persecution went on iu this land. The first stone of old St. Mary's might be said to be the monumental-stone marking the dawn ©f the freedom of religion in Australia, That stone was laid by the very Governor (Macquarie) who but a few years before had been among those who were ever ready to assail the Catholic Church. From that day to the present time the memorials of every triumph of religion, every victory of Catholicity, might be said to be clustered around St. Mary's. Like the oak tree in the forest, the fiercer the storm the stronger and more stately was the growth of the Catholic Church. To all who contributed to St. Mary's it should be a consolation greater, and a gratification more intense, than any ordinary human happiness to know that the temple, complete as it stands, will be solemnly consecrated to God during the present year. It should be their joy and their pride that they had contributed to a monument commemorating the triumphs of religion in Austra lia in this our first century. Those among whom the Franciscan Fathers ministered had a special right to have their names associated with the build ing of St. Mary's Cathedral.. They were Franciscan Fathers those men who came here as chaplains of the Spanish navy with De Quiros 300 years ago. It was De Quiros who gave Australia its first title, . Tierra Austral del Espirito Santo (Australia of the Holy Ghost). A Franciscan priest it was who first offered Holy Mass on the shores cf Australia in North Queensland in 1606. So, too, it was a Franciscan priest, Pere Rece veur, who accompanied La Perouse to Australia, and whose remains were interred on the shores of Botany Bay in February, 1788. Those Franciscan Fathers of our earliest history made Australia the heritage of the blessings of St. Francis. For these reasons the Franciscan Fathers of to-day and their flock merited in a special way to have their names inscribed in St. Mary's Cathedral. A record of all who gave in response to the present appeal would be kept in the Cathedral. In conclusion, the Car dinal said that the names of those who gave that day would be published with those of others who were anxious to see St. Mary's Cathedral com pleted. St. Mary's was an edifice of which they were all justly proud, it was worthy of the Catholic name, worthy of the Catholic worship of the Most High, and worthy also of Australia and of Austra lian generosity. He knew that it was a bad time to make this parochial collection, bo soon after Christmas, but he was sure that the response would be worthy of their well-known generosity and of their Catholic piety. THE COLLECTION. The Very Rev. Father Slattery, assisted by Fathers Fitzgerald and Gaynor, then went among the congregation. About £130 was received, in cluding a large number of five shilling and half crown contributions from the poorer parishioners. The sums read out by Father Slattery included : — The Franciscan Fathers {Woollahra) £15, Sisters of the Sacred Heart, Rose Bay £10, Sisters of Charity, Monte Oliveto Convent (Woollahra) £5, pupils of the Convent High school (Woollahra) £5, 81 Anonymous' £5, Mrs. M. Foy £3 3s, Mrs. Alfred Cape £2 2s, Alderman Thomas Hughes £2 2s, Miss Dwyer £2, Miss Barbara Murray £2, M. d'Orgeval £2 2e, Mr. J. J, Mealia £2 2s ; Mrs. Gerber, Mr.' James Maloney, Mr. A. Cummins, Mr. Arthur Cape, Mr. C. Cape, Mrs. E. M. Cape, Miss Bergan, Miss Duncan, Miss M'Guinn, Miss Kain, Mrs. d'Alpuget, Mr. Mr. W. F. Brennan, Mr. Laidley Mort, Mr. Daniel O'Connor, Mr. J. Young (sent.), Mr. J. W. Street, Mr. John Purcell, £1 Is each ; Mr, L. Harnett, £2 2s ; Mr. T. D. Fitzpatrick £1. father Slattery said he would be glad to receive during the coming week the subscriptions of those who had forgotten that the collection was to take place that day. His Eminence, in thanking the congregation, re ferred with special pleasure to contributions from the poorer parishioners. Those who had little had given with generous hearts. Their example was worthy of imitation by those who were more fortu nate in life. He thanked all who had given, and he hoped that Providence would recompense them a hundredfold. On Sunday next his Eminence will make his appeal at St. Charles' Church, Waverley, 