The Secret Drawer. Sf^HAT he wbb an old soldier was pig; evident at a glance-one of tbe sort formerly dubbed knights, to day styled culottes de peau. Such WBB the opinion one formed of the old Baron de Mareuille at first eight, and without very close observation either, the fact being perfectly apparent. A giant in stature, with square shoulders, a chest projecting as if supporting a cuirass, a stern, almost forbidding expression, owing to the bushy eyebrows, a long moustache, waved out in sharp points, an imperial like a brush-such was the old Baron, who was, in fact, an old soldier, an ex-cavalryman, as martial in appearance and manner in his fati gue uniform at the age of seventy as when, in earlier days, he had shouted his orders at the head of bis column. Despite ins warlike appearance the baron was not in the least formidable. Forty years of passive obedience as a subaltern, followed by years of au thority over others, had made him what he was, or rather what he appeared to be, for the moulding had been only exterior. His heart had remained like his voice, soft and almost childish; and his eyes, apparently fiery, owitag to bis bushy brows, were in reality a tender, soft blue, almost like those of a woman. In a word, the old baron, whose first name was Bene, had a nature quite in harmony with the name. But he alone knew it. He would not have told it for the world, for fear of ridicule, first of all, but chiefly because he WBB sure of not being believed. For, if bis exterior belied him, hit) experience in life had done so still more. W hen young, be bad unjustly been considered a breaker of hearts. Humors of bis triumphs had been com monly accepted, in spite of biB vigor ous denials. Finally he had loved, in an unfortunate, tragic fashion, entirely in conformity with the false idea held of him, and entirely contrary to his own knowledge of himself. Instead of finding the gentle soul suited to his own, he chanced upon an uuworthy woman, who made him suffer frightful tortures, aud the un fortunate marriage ended by a double drama; a man killed in a duel, and the suicide of Mme, de Mareuille. With such a history, how could the old baron have expected anyone to believe that he bad a nature aB sweet as his voice, as tender aB his eyes, and quite in harmony with his name ? One day, while searching about the shops for relics and antiquities, the baron discovered an old rosewood writing-desk, whose panels were deco rated with two doves, seemingly cares sing each other. The piece was not in very good condition, but the emblem of the doves decided the old baron to nnrchase it. After getting it home, while ar ranging his papers in the compart ments, he happened to touch a spring that opened a secret drawer, in which lay a little volume resembling a prayer book, on a cushion of faded silk ; a blue ribbon was wound around it and carefully tied in a bow-knot. "With some misgivings aa to the propriety of his act, the baron untied the knot; then, not being able to resist Id's curiosity, he glanced at the first page, where lie read the following lines, faded with time: This is a record of my ideas at seven teen, and I promise myself not to open it vntil I am fifty. December 31,1841. ADELAIDE DE BREGISSE. " Fpou my wordthought the baron, " the date is reassuring. If Mile, de Bregisse was seventeen in 1S41, she must have been born 1824. She would be seventy-two now. But probably she is dead, and she did not open her diary on her fiftieth birth pay. Or perhaps she found it un interesting and put it back in its hiding-place. At any rate, I can read it without committing sacrilege." Thereupon he read it from one end to the other. Ah! the exquisite, delightful reveries Mile, de Brogisae had at seventeen: What a sweet, tender BOUI they revealed ! It was created on purpose, one might say, for that of Bent' de Mareuille. There, in person, was the perfect, adorable woman he should have married. And the old baron, the ex-colonel with the martial bearing, the eyebrows of an ogre, the pointed moustache and brush-like imperial, felt like shedding tears at the thought of all the happi ness he might have had with that com panion, whose nature was ao like his own. J'Two years older than ! am, to be sure," he said. " But what are two I years ?" Diepair filled the old man's heart as he thought of the irrepnrable past. " What is the use of dreaming of a happiness that is henceforth impos sible? There is no reason for sup posing that the girl who wrote these lines bad become the women I could love now, even if uhe is still alive, which I doubt. How foolish of me to fall in love with a phantom!" For he was in love with Adelaide, desperately, passionately in love, and with his whole heart-that heart which his unfortunate life bad crushed, but not enbittered. The proof that he was truly in love, in spite of his age and of the unreason ableness of his hopes, was the fact that he set about doing a most absurd thing-namely, trying to find out who Adelaide de Brcgisse was, that he might at least adore her memory. This soon became the object of all his thoughts. It aid not even occur to him that perhapB the woman had not lived in conformity with her girlish ideas, that he might discover things to dis illusionise him, and that it was better to cherish the uncertain memory evoked by the confidence of the diary. He would have dismissed such thoughts as unworthy. He felt absolutely certain that she had lived and died deserving of the love he had bestowed on her. His researches were long and diffi cult. The dealer in bric-a-brac had bought the desk from another dealer, who had bad it from a lady who kept a pension at Neuilly ; this last person had inherited it from one of her boarders, an English governess, who had been in the service of several families, all of whom knew the desk, as she had carried it with her every where. The baron followed up all the traces of Miss Bunslane, the old governess. Finally, after six months' assiduous endeavors, he came upon a clue. He learned that the English woman had brought the desk from Brighton, and, from her family, he found out that an aunt had formerly been in the service of a French family named Brugisse, in Brittany. Then followed letters to all the Breton lawyers. A reply came from one who had formerly been the attor ney for the Brogisse family. It con tained the following information The family, having become bankrupt, had sold all their belongings and had left the country. Only one remained in Paris. Ah ! well. Life, which contains so much cruelty and heartlessness, some times hold extraordinary compensa tions. After the bankruptcy of the Bri gisse family, the rosewood desk bad been purchased by Miss BunBlane's sentimental aunt, because of the two doves on the panel. It was on account of these same doves that Miss Bunslane had carried it about with her. Adelaide had for gotten the diary in the secret drawer ; but, doubtless, the doves knew that it would come to light some day, since they kept up their caresses over its temporary tomb. The baron, with his culotte de peau air and the eyes of a child, had, in his turn, been attracted by the two doveB, and, thanks to them, had found the diary, and so broke the spell of the Sleeping Beauty, whose soul was captive in the secret drawer. And this is how it chanced, a few weeks ago, iu a small chapel, a wed ding took place between the retired Colonel Kent' de Mareuille and Mile. Adelaide de Br«gisse; aud this is why the two septuagenarians, after having been, without knowing it, betrothed for more than half a century, were finally married. A BOBBERY was committed at Glenrowan' railway station. 'When the officials came on duty they found that the safe had been removed from the office. The police found that the safe had been removed on a wheel barrow to a spot a couple of hundred yards distant and placed on a springcart. As the ground -was soft from the rain the police had no difficulty in following the wheel marks for a distance of six miles to a farm where the safe was found intact and hidden in the thick hedge bushes. A farmer's son, aged 19, was interrogated by the police and made a full confession that he committed the robbery. He also com mitted a robbery at the Winton railway station a few days ago. "JACK the Ripper" is dead, says Figaro. He died in a private lunatic asylum in Eng land unknown to the majority of the publio, but his identity was fully established Home time before bis death. He was a medical student of tcood family and considerable means, and there is no reason to suppose that when his family first put him under forcible restraint, they had any idea he was the author of the Whitechapel horrors. Two prominent journalists, G. R. Sims and T. F. O'Connor, M.P., are among the few who knew the facts of the case. The . whole matter has been kept very dark kb it was felt that no good end would be served by reopening the case. The police authorities, however, were aware of the circumstances, and undoubtedly felt relieved when this human fiend gave up the ghost. Ts> OftMtfiwMt jmi in 21*,, port few, Tax annual report of the Commissioner for ~ Bail ways to Jane 30th last shows the total length of lilies opened for traffio to that date to be 2801 miles, or an increase of 55| miles on the length for the previous year. The net revenue from all liny after deducting1' working expenses returned £2 13s. fid. per cent. on capital expenditure on the open lines, which is a decrease of 9s. 8d. on the previous ? year's percentage. The earnings for the year show an increase of £90,924; but as - against this the expenditure advanoed in muoh greater ratio. This was due largely to the carriage of starving stock. The result of the year's working shows that in the Southern> Division the amount contributed towards interest on the capital invested has fallen short of the previous year's percentage by 6B. 2d., the figures beinjr £2 6s. per cent, for last year as against £2 10s. 2d. for 1699-99-. The Central Division returned £4 3s. 9&. per oent. being a reduction of 8s. Id. on last year; Towneville to Hughenden £7 19s, 8d. as against £11 0s. 2d. for the previous - year; and Hughenden to Winton £1 8s. 7d. as against £5 lis. Id., but the large quantity of contractors' material carried during the previous year swelled that year's return. 