THE WHITE LADY. The Berlin correspondent of the '"Daily Telegraph" writes:-We have not heard of the famous "White Lady" of the Castle of Berlin for a long time: and a very good thing, too, every loyal Prussian will say, for her appearance, according to a legend of the Prussian Royal Family, always forebodes the death of some member of the House of Hohenzollern. A few weeks ago, how ever, a lacquey attached to the Imperial Court was summarily dismissed for aver ring that he had seen her. Funnily enough, a young sub- lieutenant, who happened to be on duty, declared that he too had seen the dreaded spectre walking along one of the corridors of the castle, and he informed his colonel, who put him through his facings and cross examined him in the most serious and polite manner possible, himself think ing the incident extremely uncanny. The upshot of the cross-examination was that the gallant colonel could get no satisfactory information or explanation out of his subaltern, so he ended by be lieving the story. Everybody at Court began talking about the reappearance of the "White Lady," and so the Kaiser got to hear of it. His Majesty is not a man to let himself be befooled, so he sent for the lieutenant. The terrified subaltern en tered the Imperial presence chamber more trembling than when he saw the ghost; his Majesty, however, took no notice of his quivering lips, and treated the matter jocularly at once. The fol lowing interrogatory ensued: Kaiser: What was the lady like. Was she tall or short? Lieutenant: She was tall, your Ma jesty. Kaiser: How was she dressed? Lieutenant: She wore a white petti coat, your Majesty, with a white bodice, and she had a white cap on her hiead a long white veil flowing over all. This seemed circumstantial enough, se that the Kaiser began to think there must be something interesting at the backof the story. His Majesty continued after the briefest possible pause: Was she carry ing anything? , Lieutenant: Oh, yes, your Majesty. Kaiser: What did she have in her right hand? Lieutenant: A candlestick. Kaiser : And what was in her left hand? Lieutenant: A box of matches. This quite did for Kaiser Wilhelm, whose sense of humour was immediately tickled. He burst out into roars of laughter, to the dire astonishment of the young warrior before him. "Well, that will do," said the Kaiser at last, kindly but firmly "Don't let me hear anything more about the 'White Lady!"' Then, with a knowing look, his Majesty dismissed him as follows:- "And take my advice. Don't peer about in corridors, for you might often see ladies there at night attired in white petticoats and bodices." 