The Sketcher. A Strange Seance. in was a peculiar affair from the 'very ?cammencenient ft was weird— even from the circumstances that led me to parjieiiKite in it. It occurred under the very nose of the public, and the public «ye was bliiid to it. I was in a certain suburban park. I Shan't Ml you which.- it was— put on your puzzling eai-. 1 had cast aside my worries, and had determined to enjoy all UvUt \ft- Diic 11iHju.tr j. u jL#m*^«-'^*'-»- — ?? ?- ? one evening in the year's sweet bridal inonSi, when spring weds summer. itfhen the May bloom decks the glade,, JxoA just about the time the suu takes ftis evening dip, gilding the waters of tofe baMi as he dC^ypears into their midst. I had wandered iuto a thickly wooded *rove, and I tJhougbt myself atone ; so I was rather startled when I heard a Iranian voice close by me cry out — cuckoo.' On looking up I perceived «n old geritleinan, a very queer-looktag ?old gewtleanan, perdied on the stump of a withered tree. He was swinging his ? legs about as if he were in a state of ?fchoroug'h enjoyment and he was nod ding his quaint old head— nodding it evi dently at me. It was not a position in ?which one would usually find an old gentleman— not a respectable old gentle stian. lit wa6 not an occupation hi whScJi -ftd gentlemen are prone to indulge ; so X fear in. my surprise I must have stared at. him very rudely. ' Oh, I'm here right enough,' cried he. He had evidently read my thought ?' Fin very much here, ha ! ha ! ha !'? .And Ms legs weat swinging at a fearful ?mte. ' I wouldn't look quite so bewildered * -MI were you,' continued he hi his strange croaking voice. 'People pass ing might notice it O!u, yoa think I Should be most likely to attract their attention ? That's wtoere you're wrong. Pui here, most positively here ; but for «11 that very, very few people can see *ne- Ttou can, because you're claSr ?voyanL Tm a spirit. Ha ! ha !' I questioned myself as to the possi %arry of my being asleep and dreaming; tnit again divining my thoughts, he re plied -with a chuckle : 'Oih. you're wide awake— cuckoo.' .And he gave me a knowing wink. Suddenly he assumed an alert expres sion ; and fflien, bending forward mys teriously, he wMspered : 'There are some i-eople coining. I sdwat wissli to distress you. I know you'd like to introduce me ; but as you can*-t, Xll disappear.' I turned to see who was approaching. It was a pair of lovers ; but they were -*oo muda engrossed hi their own affairs -to pay any attention to me ; so I faced about* again. But the queer old man -mas gone. ** Ob, this is too absurd,' eried I. and 1 deliberattely went up to the spot where 'be had been and mtnutely examined it. There was nothing but an old splintered and jagged tree stunip, with a gnarled root draped hi lichen and moss. I -Stooped *o gather a primrose, when I ?felt my hat kicked off my head. Then, ?raising my eyes, I perceived an old boot Wangling jmst on a level with my nose. ?So starred was I tfta-t I must have ?fallen backwards, for I discovered I ?was sealed in a bed of weeds. Oh. the way tha-t old man enjoyed my ?misadventure {flor there he was? on h5s Tjerch again); tihe way he wriggled witti -ddigbt; haw he held his sides with -laughter, rocked himself too and fro ; \--threw hit? anus up in the air ; and kick ?«d -ra-t. his WMiered old legs. Every intnueu? I expected him to over- Jialance teuiself aW come to serious grief on ?She turf ; but no. he seemed as secure ^s you would have been on a music «to-'-l. l^dsiHy. he got up— on nothing— -floated round the tree, and then, with a «niUlea twigt resumed his seat This TrMf feat seemed to restore his mental UMIiiilibriuin. Swing hiui do this so reminded me of wpfcim cnterfcrinanents I had witnessed -th;S'T I couldn't help expressing ? a ?qttanisdft. ** I'm isorry I hnveu:t a tambourine '* -or a eoncertfl.no to lend you.' muttered I. 'He took off his cap and threw it.at me. 1* vanished inno air. but- 1 distinctly felt ?as if I'd beea struck iiy a ,\vci towel. ' Xi»n«' «*f your Inuendoe.s. my friend.' 4sa'id he. 'V-w no charlatan. Fin 'uo ^spirit by -machuiery. I'm the real ai'fflele. I Wish 1 had a concertina : I'd sgive you nmslc- about your ears you ^wouldn't «a«e tot. H you're not civil I ?4&UL11; just leave you. and then you'll lose -eeoieHiing. I can tell yon. 'Oopla.' And 4taMny further astonishment he turned a complete somersault, again alighting ju iKs old position and .looking as serious *as jf nothing out of the common had liapjpexted. THiem he crossed hi*; legs. *mnsed Ms rigtft elbow, and stroked his -&in.; ... . . .. ' Have you ever attended a samcc- . «. real seance ?' inquired he ; and his -eyes looked like two red-hot coais Mia-r ?ceemed to burn right into me. 'Sto, I see you've not. Well, would $sou like to 7' Again he road - my ?-Ghougihits before I could reply. ** So you sfrall.' Thereupon he slid down the *ree and stood before me. ' Follow.' he commanded. ' Oh. have no fear ; I was a mortal once— like you. only a great deal handsomer— and you'll lie like me one of these days, lia ! lia ! iBa ! — only not so handsome. Follow ?sae. -f« one will see me but you. unless ?we meet a clairvoyant, and he'll uutler -aimid. Why do you hesitate ? O-li. I aSiau't take you off ibo earars plane. Ooane a^oug.' He trotted on before me. just as if he'd been a human being. He ?*KdnM artiteinpt any farther convcr^iion nether did I. We were- soon in a frequented pare of 4IBie pant, but nobody noticed him— evi- dently nofoody saw him. W« passed ?bhrougfa a busy street. He dodged :u «nd oat amongst Hie people jiisr as? yrt«i or I would. Never but once did he do anyrtMng owt of the common, and rtot was wihen he walked straight fiiiiough a past. In niy surprise, that post and I collided. He, perceiving my new mis adventure, ajrain extravagantly revel led ; but seeing I looked annoyed, he ifftwed to me very politely in contrition, and we continued our journey. Ait last we halted at a not very aris* toeratic-lookiug house down a back cifcreeit. ' Maagling done here' was an uonnx-eil by a card prominently pi1 cod In a broken pane of the parlour window. My guide mounted the doorsteps and ?tried the door ; but it was shut fast. Tllieu. without tfo(- slightest hesifci'tion, ?he ptissed right ?flirougli it. opened it from the inside, and waited, grinning, in the hall to receive me. 'I don't like giving the landlady any extra trouble,' said he. ?' particularly as she's busy at present with her women cleansing her neighbours' linen and soil ing raeir cnaracrers. On. .uon't io«»:i s-* astonished ; she won't be afraid ; she's used to my little peculiarities, bless her. Follow me up to rhe second floor. 31in-J the stairs ; they're rickety, and the ban isters are delusive, so don't trust them. Here we are — Toorail looral li«lo.' I couldn't help being struck by the fact that, this old gentleman did not in any way hear 'himself with that gravity, that circumspection, one would natu rally expect from .a person iu his sphere. ' Who's here 7' 'he asked, looking round a room we had entered. ** Oh, only a poor muster to-night. Friends, I salute you. Let me introduce a scep tic Sceptic you have the honour to behold, not disembodied spirits, but an other order of bogies— for bogies you -wiU think us, you poor, blind, benighted flesh-and-blood machiue-fetterod soul. You behold here spirits who cling to the earth's plane, and materially affect mor tality, but w3io in their mundane exist ence were merely the children of men's fcrains, as Minerva was the offspring of Jove. Let me introduce you. The sou tienian in the chair to-nisht is simply known as The Ghost He is a theatrical gentleman— possibly outsiders term him Slangy ; but by those inside the profes sion he is very much venerated. H-* is .a welcome guest in every plaj'house, and is to be met with mostly on a Fri day evening or Saturday morning. Xo other ghost in the whole world is 50 popular. His influence is simply unique: and when his wonted time passes and he does not appear there Is generally heartburning and unpleasantly. In ordinary trade circles, he takes the 111a le- rial name of Wages. That gentleman to the right of him is likewise in the mi metic profession. He is known as The Ghost of a Line. ^Cot to be acquainted with him is not to be considered cmdir able in the theatrical world. Authors are understood to detest actors who eschew his society. Yonder spirit ema nated from the miud of a musician— a composer of the very highest soul order ; so much so that none of his writings were ever guilty of melody, excepting one song, of which there is the ghost. That gentleman is the Ghost of a Tune. The person opposite, that melancholic indi vidaul. is the Obost of a Joke. Hi- is welcomed when discovered in one of the. comic papers. He is generally attended by the imbecile you 'perceive at his elbow. Who is he ? Why, the Gliost of a Laugh, of course. The mercurial per sonage, so restless, and fidgety, is the Ghost of au Idea. Sometimes lie Ts very difficult to catch — even more so to retain. The party who has just entered is held In contempt both on the earth's plan*' pnd off it Nobody wants him. Oue «-an do without him better than with him. for he only brings unpleasant memories —he is The GSiost of a Coin.' ' Will you allow some one to siieak ?besides yourself ?' sa4d a goutleuian 3n the coruer. 'In other words, will you ?please give Jue myself 7' -Certainly,' replied my spirit guide, who seemed to perfectly understand the enigma. ' I. sir,' said the gentleman, rising. ' am a spirit that many sigh for. many work hard for, and many sit paffcntlv awaiting.' ?''' Oh ! ha ! ha ! Capital for a conun drum. What is that which ? ' It was the Ghost of a' Joke who spoko. bn+ ho was silenced by the gentleman so radely iutemipted. and the Ghost of a I/nuili. who hail just opened his mouth, closed .it .-isafn, and slunk behind his intimate's chair. 'Of course you would take me,' said the controlling spirit, addressing the fcrbost of a Joke ; ' you would take me.' There was a bitter sarcasm in his ac cents; but his tone was not uukiudlv wlieu, turning to me, he continued : 'I am caught by some, and prove a bless ing to them, for they use me as the thin end of Hie wedge for their advancement Others let me sHp through their flu»t».« simply out of foolishness, others through sheer incapacity to iltilise mo. But there are myriads I never visit, and these, heaven help them, fade, fade into poverty, and .mostly thence Into de spair Those who seek me are likelv to find me; but there is no certainty -rf that I am by nature hasty and capri cious. I. sir, am the Ghost of a Chance.' The spirit sat down, and there was «fence. Directly r heard *fco he was I felt inclined to embrace hi*n ; in fact I rose to do so, but lo ! he had dteanpear ed. Tlien, as a vision events of my own life rose ur» before me— anticipations hopes, schemes, failures — failures through folly, failures through being pre maturely certain, failures through an other's spite— faded chances, brilliant effervescing bubbles which had died sparkling and had left behind them nothing ,but regret For a moment my eyes were Minded with tears, anil through their dewy mist I saw the spirits Mho had formed the circle slowly ? fade away one by one. Strange to say. nie Ghost of a Coin and the Ghost of a Laugh disappeared together- The strains of a popular melody floated rhroujrh the air, and Hie Ghost of a Time was -hidiistmirHisliaWe. The last to leave was the Gliost of a Joke; he seemed very loath to go— in fact he seraied to be present long after I could sw nothing of him. ' There,' said my familiar when we were again alone, 'you've witnessed what no spiritualist ever beheld before. You've gone beyond their most marvel lous experiences. I pity you when you come to narrate it. You will get no credence— 110. uot even from the wnldest visionary. Downstairs, please. The show's over. We make a silver collec tion at the door, so as to keep nj» the quality of the spirits. We are oblisred to do tli is from a moral point of view - for if the rent's not paid we find the spirits become very low.' He wanted to sell me some papers to which all the ghosts contributed, but I didn t purchase, because I feared thevd disappear iu my pocket He most politely saw jiie to the gate, and then vanished. My head was in a whirl. I scarcely realised what I was doing unt'I I found myself back in my own rooms mere I again became acqnainfed with a little spirit— Scotch this time. Then I felt that what my familiar bad said was tine— I was a medium, and for some minutes I allowed the spirit to control — Charles Daly, in the 'Newcastle WV-iilr Chroncile.' Few things gratify Mr. George Mere dith more than the fact that he had something to do with Mr. Thomas Hardy's first success as a novelist The M.S. of Mr. Hardy's book 'Under the Greenwood Tree' was sent in vaiu to several publishers, and at last reached Messrs. Chapman and Hall. Mr. Mere dith, who was theu. as he is still, one of the ' readers' for the firm, read the etory, and was so struck with its merits that he advised its publication, and wrote the author a letter of cordial praise, which was greatly appreciated !-y Mrl Hardy. 