PROMINENT TOPICS. An Anarchist Assassination, The times are indeed wofully and fearfully out of joint. The powers of hell have obtained alarming control in the affairs of men. Society is everywhere honeycombed with secret societies, and in proportion as their influence has been growing, the restraints of Christianity on the evil passions of men have been failins For a civilisation based on Christianity another—material, selfish and tyrannical —is being substituted. This change has been going on for years. It has been gradually workiDg for three centuries, but only within the last hundred years or so has it become conspicuously active. And only within a much shorter period has its existence been manifested in forms so revolting and formidable as to threaten the framework of society, and menace those existing institutions the stability of which is essential to the orderly government of the world. The mad,' revengeful theories of the anarchist are the antithesis of the principles on which Christian civilisation was built up. He stands at the opposite pole as its enemy. He opposes the doctrine of love with that of hate. The labour of the philanthropist is to build up and regenerate in the light a good God has shed upon the world; to pull down and reduce to ruin and chaos is the aim of the anarchist as a disciple of Satan. He is wading through blood to the purpose he has in view, but this is as unattainable as the vision of a nightmare is unsubstantial. Society will crush him in its justice and in its wrath. Though gorged with blood he hungers for more, and another victim has fallen by his impious hand. But whilst we execrate all his crimes, and his latest not less than any other he has perpetrated, we cannot hide from ourselves that "Italian unity" was built up on a foundation with which assassination and the vindication of it had some connection. We caunot forget the ais.issinationof Count Kossi in September of HIS at the hands of " Italian patriots." or that assasiination was countenanced by Garibaldi, Mazzini and other rebels to legitimate authority, as a means lawful to the removal of obstacles to Italian unity. Nor can we, in deploring the fate of King Humbert, be unmindful that his inheritance came to him from a usurper, and that he himself played an active part in the struggle by which the usurpation was accomplished. But at his age he could hardly be held accountable for his acts, and he could scarcely help ascending the throne to which his father was cast up by surging waters. The alternative to accepting the succession was the renunciation of royal rights to which he had a legitimate claim. That these were tainted was no fault of his. In any case the slain monarch was a brave man, and in his domestic relations there was no scandal attaching to his name. He was not foully murdered in resentment for any wrong he had committed in his private capacity, nor for any act as sovereign that made enemies for him. He was struck down as the representative of authority and order, for the same reason that Lincoln and Carnot fell under the assassin's pistol or knife. The blow was at the existing order of things, on which civilisation and civil government rest, and this, we may presume to think, was partly the reason why His Holiness the Pope sent a letter of condolence to Queen Marguerita and the other members of the royal family. But notwithstanding the oliicial relations between the Vatican and Quirinal, it may be believed that there was 110 unfriendly feeling between Pontiff and King, and that the Holy Father made allow- ance for the overmastering circumstances in which King Humbert was placed, and saw in His Majestymany estimable qualities. Atleast it is certain that the goodness and piety of Queen Marguerita would appeal to the kindly and generous heart of the great Leo, and it may well be believed that His Holiness was as deeply distressed at the sorrow into which Her Majesty was so suddenly plunged as he was horrified at the terrible crime committed. "Anxious Inquirer' An Alixious puts the following Inquiry. question to us:—"Hae the Government power to Buud members of the rifle clubs to China?" Our answer is that according to the terms ol the ou tli the members have taken can be sent to China, that is, forced they to go there if unwilling to do so. We do not, however, think that our correspondent will lie called upon to cross the sea and light the Chinkcc. Uliless matters become very much more (serious than they now are there is 110 serious danger of a resort to compulsory system of enlistment for foreign, service. Even if the crisis in China should* for England bocome acute, the first step taken here •would be to call for volunteers, and the liberal pay our Government allows would induce as many men to offer as our Treasury could atford to put on its books The crisis should for England be alarml -ingiy severe before our Government would be likely to call out members of the rifle jelubs under the terms of their engagement, but in the present disturbed etate of "international relations in west and east alike, euch -« contingency can- not be regarded as impossible Of occurrence- What a month may bring forth on one can say, and it is only natural that that uncertainty should occasion the disquietude of willed our correspondent's letter is an indication. And it is decidedly wrong that a body of citizens who are not soldiers should have any occasion for such uneasiness. .It is really surprising that Victorians have submitted to such an unreasonable condition-as J.1..L Ilr Horn U t«™ )( , bje themselves to serve outside the limits of the United Kingdom, and in deference to their wisb«s they haw been relieved from the obligation to do so. Their status is now that of a purely citizen auxiliary force, and a body of Auntraliana ; who are not imhtai? m any sense should not be bound by terms which it wns not considered either fair or esrpedient to impose on the volunteers of the United Kingdom, though they are of military rank. The excuse for retaining the objectionable proviso in the Victorian oath was argument against its retention. If it is of no consequence that it is preserved there should be no objection to its elimination. But to people who are quite willing to defend their own shores and not at all prepared to leave tlisir families and engage in foreign service it might any day become of grave importance that they had signed away the liberty of which volunteers under no circumstances should be deprived. tv. ffi * i , .. The official organ of the Undenomina- Church of England diocese tionalism. of Ballarat, "The Ballarat . , „ T Church Chronicle," has thrown cold water on the work of a Royal — - « - an undenominational character for schools. Our Protestant contemporary says: State The cult of " Undenominationalism " seems to be growing more distasteful, not only to thoughtful Churchmen, but also to the more religiously minded and better' instructed of 'Protestant Nonconformists. We venture to predict that with the spread of education the hollowness and unreasonableness of undenominationalisni will be more and more exposed; for, to quote some forcible words of Bishop Barry's, " No one who knows anything of Christian history needs to be told that an undenominational Christianity—that is, a Christianity unconnected with a religious communion having a definite creed and a T ^ J Z T ^ t T the d ChriSti f^ rhvkLnitv IhIT kL l 18 ^ Chnstiamty which has conquered the WOrl d ' If the Church of England body in this colony has anything like proportional representation in Parliament—and we believe it has—the undenominational ' lessons over which there is so much contention at the meetings of the Commission will not meet with a welcome reception in the Legislative Assembly. It is still more probable that", if the country is asked to pronounce on the compromise arrived at, the verdict of the majority will be that sacrifice has been carried so_ far that everything worth anything had been sacrificed, and that nothing more valuable than husks, or shells without fcer- . opinion of their religiousorgans maybe-taken hP« ru' wU seem to the memo ffcl ^i Jr • f . Eigland throughout f W . 0 --? W ,", 1 fti Mfo ™ /, ?^' D -: Chronicle < it.will be seen that this journal has aeipoor an opinion as the "Mitre "of the Christianity that would remain after undergo ng a sifting process at the hands of iflen holding divers doctrines. Here, in Victoria, many among as 'are coming to think that in the Religious Education question the Roman Catholics alone have taken up the soundly fogical position. The Roman Catholics have all along maintained that religion can be properly taught only by religious people, and that religions knowledge, if it is to be effectively imparted, must be presented to the mind of the pupil unmutilated and complete in itself They will havenothing to ,,, do , with „ such ;— pitiful compromiseEas_the btate Commission now sitting—including in its number Jews, Baptists, and Salya- £t£bltTSry to fttght^ly 1 " history, „is uuowullt. rather worae ^ese then memseiveBTO useless. The facts the heart of Christianity and conscience address and themselves if thev aie to to influence the character, must be taught hy persons who are profoundly convinced of their truth, and who are intHemselvesa living testimony to the jpowci'of the ^oiai-. Unbelief, or what will Be more wanmonly \- - - . <M„1 I .r — e .«««««., • w . M t t B . - most carefully-drawn V-n^AaBr' wiU inevitably, and in riiaay cases perirmnuifU 1,1 il.- 1: !l?«i_ „ such as this will the undenominatjonalute if iihe; consulted on their work- > The Kiama Ghost. The death of the DaM Saxe Coburg Gotba, better known as the Duke of Edinburgh, will recall to ids of the elder portion of our readers that His Royal Highness was a visitor to these colonies coIol. towards the end of 1887; .-, and b an Msooiation of ideas their memorywill ^ afreghened warding events connected m ... ° „ ...... the minds , in Sydney, and if ever there" was a judiolal mu).^r thig wa6 one> for O'Farrell Was as much beyond a doubt a lunatic as any man who ig to. day confinea in a lunatic asylum, i n Ballarat he had been twice in confinement" ; d eventB succeeding the outbreftk for ; hich his i ife was forfeited proved irre{utably that there was insanity in his {ftmil and o{ & charftcter which was homi£ dai. It will be remembered that here in Melbourne his brother, to revenge an imagin£U. y grievance, attempted the life of the firet Archbishop of this diocese. Butthelifeof the madman was not in this instance taken, nor was there a wish in Bny quarter that'it ghould be There was no desire that the puni shiuent should be more severe than circumstances rendered absolutely necessary, ftnd the court in dealing with the case took tbese representations and the mental ccfodition of the accused into favourable congideration. But his unfortunate brother did not so fare, though the evidence of insanity i n his case was made clear and convincing.- The New South Wales Premier of the time made capital out of the case. He played the part of a raghig loyalist.whose outraged feel- ^ nothin| bStthe death of the Madman would satisfy. He invented plots against the Hoyal Fannlyand stigmatised the unfortunate O'Farrell as one 6i a band of con- spi ratois who had doomed the Prince to death. Cool-headed men, who had nothing Jltf^SM^TLSEfC stating that the Hon. Henry Parkes had raised a ghost; and this apparition was called the Kiama Ghost. But the actor played his part with success. He raised a ferment of loyalty, and by working on the DUrDose credulity t^™;,,,. - consequent on it gained his purpose. O'Farrell was executed, and the Premier got blood money in the form of a title. He-became Sir Henry Parkes, and for many years afterwards he was a power in the State. But in his last days he drank the cup of humiliation to the dregs. He died poor and unlamented, and 11LU1CU left Ulll/HObCl behind him WiiUUl the I1U character uuc UUUIU of a BUiLCiy confirmed trust, and trickster who had whom betrayed no one every could interest safely he had pledged himself at any time to support. The Duke of Edinburgh asked that W^meThouU be s Sed, bui^th the Kiama Ghost walking and Parkes' i oyalty at fever heat, the victim could not be spared. It served the old trickster's pui-- pose to decline a simple request; but if it had been made earnestly and in the nature of a royal command, as it might have been, the life of O'Farrell would not have been taken for an act for which he was morallv irresponsible. - The Trouble in China. Nothing that has occurred within the last week tends to lessen the gravity of the ° . situation There is news up to the 2l8t July which — ; k*. ^ -me few of the fore.gn Ministers were still alive at Pekin, but there is none that can be regarded as absolutely reliable. The danger still exists that the Chinese authorities are acting with characteristic dupUcity, their object being to secure time for strengthening their defences and gaining advantageous terms from the alUes These are stm concentrated at Tientsin, b u t ^ ' menee thaTimueh on the capital in the early part of this month. If nothing should ? ecul ' to render that course unnecessary, it 40 feared that it will be a Signal for the butchery of all Europeans, a threat to that e ® eo * i having been made. As in every other m atter the reports from the missionary stations do not set out facts with desirable clearness. The following message, however, seems reliable:— - London Julv 31 His HoUness Pope Leo XIII. has received a ulessase message irom from Pekin reinn renorunc reporting licivcu that - the - Roman - Catholic - Bishop of r Pekin, o Monsignor Fairer, whose cathedral was 1 4 \ s to ** ho P ed hV ' ' that e " the report , is also irne that an Italian priest had arflVed safely - H ?, n § Kon 6 fromflunan. He escap^, it 18 sai d -^rough bei8g|placed in a coffin by ® om ? / r /? nd i y Chinese, who in . that way famed him to the coast, ^m.tiianvocjto *? » w ° uld . seem- that Protestant^-mis-, sionanes and mission RtaHonH have ® ! 1 U \ . i to^lffiiw®^ h f ' SS^f Sfffi"^ »Wa? in [M iniffllor. ftOBl which are « ^ European or foreig iis hwd to pay. * dire explicit enough to be ; 5?"!rhe Inland Mission's max 4he ^ai^ion at 4 , Jwo lad, 4eioUeTE* S ^ f f ' f f i j f f^M^W^^ ggJr^jgPggotf England, support^ otfnfeolof nfce*SaybeyonfTtot^' ^ Admiral Seymout, i , -> oa behalf 0f ui his u Govl that decision on the ffBrihin T ' ^ « mortgaged • WWIk This 18 nnnth.. incident The mailed hand, and*ili:. it the spiked helmet, was in evidence in the following order issued by the German p™ "" abody o{ his * Emperor lo - y 01 bls tro 1 o P B when embarking fa- China:— Your mission is to avenge the death; 0f peans who have been murdered in Pek When you close with the enemy remt ! ber that no quarter is to be given lhst n ° Prisoners are to be taken. 1' your weapons so that a thousand years hence no Chinaman dare look at a German askance, and so as to prepare the way lot cmhsatio Ses n - Good-bye, com- „„. .. . ® \- ve - ,? -, or „ take quarter is .„ not an an- °™ er wnieh exactly fits in with the character ? a pK)u ® mon arch who usually interlaid-.- fi 8 .^P 68 ® 1tes ^th claims to the divine right "v. ^pec TP. rotection of Providence, with- TJ bls Rations seem to be singularlv in their late war the Japanese mineseigave no quarter, but they me ^eity with „ c f, inducted warfare ls not, one ® hould sample Christians would Jf capable of foLlowing. Even at the preseut ^JSS^WKaS! tha,n is acknowledged, but it is impos. S i®, k , eep ^"r P nmitlve passions com- P^'y ujider subjection when it is a struggi, ?„. e ,. £or ufe - , That throws back man , T e ve , r lowe ? s , t condition from and Z u v- P laces in that L ! , h 'j nei g] lbo^ is a deadly enemy io , r . a » d a wui^ciui brother to oU.U be v loved an^ slay neiped. vengefully ^But and the remorsefully Emperor's advice was not to given when a thirst for blood such as is aroused on the battle field fired his veins, If His Majesty was not calm and collected, or at least in his senses, there was no reasor; why - he ,, should , . not have --- been. There wa no n . e "i™ 18 a PP aT ? nt , wh y a sovereign, who ? anes L bls occupation by acting as chaplain Geneva gown, should have so far for ^himself!. He could not witboui lo, rescind his order, but it may k h °P ed that Lit will be a«ted upon with reserw fji ch a T res P e^ for His Majesty oula 3 as JJ £ y- " would not, we think, bi UDmented compliment to assume that Blter ff moment s reflection Emperor William t hat i s J ? ued such a blo ° (1 ^r< 7 f^rsty order, and that he would be sorry tnat it were carried out in defiance ot Christian law and the restraints of civilisation. His Majesty is still impetuous, thuuj-l< not still very young; but he is not, \v believe, cruel and vindictive. m. " , T ,, ^ ~ The nuns of the Loretto Convent, Port land, notify through our advertising column ; that the Art Union in aid of their Convent ^ " S i ^ l L • as^aResult ol which £50 will be paid annually to the Railway department to cover the cost of the travelling on the railways of the Nazarenu nuns when collecting subscriptions throughout the diocese, Tho ^ ^ M . , « The cpnsolidated revenue of New Souti, f a > £ 7 7 ®f 5 '^ h I S S W ^ 5 8 ™ 3 responding mofith last year, The New ^Zealand Government has produced a bill in regard to Ministers' salaries -These are: Premier, £1,600 a year; Minister of Railways, £1,300; and seven other Ministers, £1,000 each. In addition each will teceive £200 for house allowance. "The Executive Committee of the United Irish League appeal through our advertising columns, for support and assistance. Any donation sent to the " Advocate " office will be thankfully received and acknowledged in "our columns. ^n^j^ There has been no fresh case of bubonic l this colony for some weeks, anil Sydney for a fortnight. It is still JingeringinQueensland nonevin Sydney for a fortnight. andSouth Australia, It is but there iB reason to hope for its early ausappearance from these colonies, The atonual Catholic ball took place at .Maryborough on the 25th ult., and The mu- ^ catering arrangements were all 1L.I L.i.j _ J J ^ ^ Mrs. Clarey auu — completeness of the arrange -comfort^ tte aesemj " ; . . - . ' SmLm -Mill foiind the advertiec- •of Mjeaers A Perugia and Son, the _ " high-clas 