THE ST. BERNARD. THE HOLY BREED. BY ECLIPSE. Visitors to the great canine shows all over the world seem to liavc the most profound respect for the St. Bernnrd, which has been referred to as the "holy" breed. At our Melbourne shows the public seem to linger around tht St. Bernard benches, fondly admiring these faithful creatures which have descended "from the race of trusty canines used by the monks in rescuing lost travel lers in the Alpine regions of Switzerland. 'Wonderful stories have been told of the deeds of these Alpine dogs in their rescue work at the Ilospice, aud many valuable lives have been saved by their efforts. Their fond devotion, as tlie most faithful friend of man, makes them very popular. As a general rule tliey are exceptionally docile in disposi tion, and can be fondled even by small chil dren, whom the.v will protect and guard. Seldom will you find a truly bred St. Ber nard attacking small dogs, tliey seem to pass over tlie "cheek" of the small canine with a nobility of disposition which one cannot help admiring, and is remindful of the old adage that "his bark is worse than his bite." Coming from a snow clad climate such as the Alps, it must lie understood that the St. Bernard is not at home in the summertime in the colony, when the mercury is at 10-4, and fanciers have always experienced con siderable difficulty iu keeping St. Bernards. In the colder climates ot Tasmania, Now Zcalaud, and even in some parts of Victoria, the St. Bernard will thrive. Colonial fan ciers have minimised tlie difficulties asso ciated witii tlie hot weather seasons by pro viding cool sheltered premises for their St. Bernards, and I know many breeders who are successful in breeding and keeping these grand dogs. In the ranks of Victorian canine fanciers we have quite a number of St. Bernard breeders, who have shown great enterprise in importing high class specimens, and the lnemherR of tlio Victorian St. Bernard Club have also done yeoman service in fostering this breed. Some notable sales of the "holy" breed are recorded in England; take, for instance. Sir Beilivere. sold for £1500, und l'iinlimmon .U1U00, whilst it is quite common to find leading show specimens be ing sold up to £500. Fanciers who have seen l'iinlimmon tell me that xvhen l'iin limmon was taken out in tlie streets of Lon don for exercise, his mammoth proportions would excite great curiosity, and swarms of curious spectators would follow him about, ladies and gentlemen would alight from their carriages to have a peep at this mam moth dog. No fanciers have done so much for the breed in Australia as Captain J. I(. Clark and Mr. C. Bidley. These gentlemen have spared no cxpenso ill frequent importa tions, and the majority of tlie leading St. Bernards now on tho show benches can be traced to tlie stock imported by them. 'The defunct champion, Capstan, will be long re membered amongst the present generation of fanciers; he was imported by Captain Clark, and was never defeated in colonial shows. The same may be said of the beau- tiful Maplccroft Belle, imported by. Mr. C, .- Ridley. We have never seen another- of her sex to come within comparison of her for.- quality, size and character. Next to these we iiave tho colonial bred dog Kanya Lord Surrey, owned for a long period by Mr. U. JO. Lock. Lord Surrey wis by St. : Leonards, the dog imported by Mr. Edgecumbe.-of Adelaide, but afterwards pur chased by Mr. ltidley. Mr. J. C. Anderson was atone time a notable Victorian fancier; lie imported Rhoderick Dim, a dog which at one time was a prominent figure on the show bench. - Captain Clark s Baron of Greystoke died shortly after his release from quarantine, but lie previously transmitted ins good qualities to several colonial speci- mens, and Lord Uawke was another "of the English giants imported by Mr. Ridley. Sir Jv. I. fennth is a great admirer of the St. Bernard; ho claimed Fairfax at the Kennel Clul) show in England for £150, when this dog was a puppy. Geraint was one of the best hcadedJSt. Bernards we have yet seen; he wis purchased for Mr. Lance, of New castle, and was selected by the "feather" expert, Mr. A J-Jart, when on a trip to Eng- land. Mr. Jsmgsley imported WirrawilPa, - Jjord, the best ot the smooth St. Bernards . we have yet seen, and there are many others who have assisted to bring the St. Bernard blood 8ta'e perfection with imported Messrs. Angliss, Underwood, Dr. Martin, tt \ -"y't Hughes, Airs. Abcrcroinbie, Mr- \- / ) ,00D0uSUy liave all done good ser vice of late years. Captain Clarke has hoty retired from exhibiting, but he frequently adjudicates. Air. C. ltidley is still going strongly, and quite recently added an im ported brace of St. Bernards to his North- xi c-f01!? Mr. F. I'endred, hon. sec-of the St. Bernard Club, is deserving of Bpecial . mention for the work he 1ms done on behalf' or the club, which not only embraces tho fmmdland ? Mastiff and New-. ., -I ikd'owing is the standnrd adopted by the English St. Bernnrd Club:— - , barge and massive, eircumfereneo ot skull being more than double the length of the head Rom nose l» occiput; from stop to tip of S moderately short; full below eye, and souare at inuszle; great depth from eye to lower jaw Lins deep throughout, hut not too pendulous; from nose skiil!0IVr? ? stop, abrupt and well deflnedT Sii 'J;,, .', r.oundc<l at the '<>P. hut not domed, wita some»\hut prominent brow. rt'7.«fi.!i,?diuni si?e' lj i"8 cIosc to check, but ,, Ji kase, and not heavily feathered. ';)7'r, fr SInal1 and dot:p-set, dark in color, and not too close -together, the lower eyelid drodn- in„ so as to show a fair amount of haw ' trn.SC' e and black' witU wc!1 developed nos- Teeth. — Level. betokan benevolence, dig- - wiufde/la/d/dopcr"1" and SUBhUy arch6d' -; withere.dera'-Broad and slopin=. well up at the Ghost. — Wj'de and deep Body.— Back, level as far as the haunches, slMit- /„ ra,7j'L'?„n V|Cr the lorns; rihSj well rounded and Tin VkV onC£,Vi i -w, c, and vew muscular. . „«;7- ,n rather lugh, long, and in the long, coated variety, bushy; carried low when in renosS Hue 0(C;i,e'biS! 0r 1,1 ,notioa sli&btlF; above ; Legs and reel.— Fore' legs perfectly straight, strong in bone ami of good length. Ifind. legs, heavy in bono, well bent at the hocks, and thighs very foes " C laiKe, . compact and well, arched Dew Claws.—1 This supernumerary appendage has : no importance whatever, cither functional or as a - character of breed. " i :v''d5, should'be at least" 30' 'inches in height at the shoulder, and a bitch 27 inches (the taller the better, provided the symmetry is main tained); thoroughly well proportioned; and of great substance. The general outline should suggest great power end capability of eudurance. Ooat.— In the long coated variety, should be dense und flat, rather fuller rouud the neck; thighs . feathered, but not too heavily. In the short coaled variety, should be dense, hard, fiat and short, slightly feathered on thighs and tall. . - ; Color and Markings. — Red, orange, various shades J of brindlc (the rioter the color the better), or : white with patches on body of cither of the above- ' ! named colors. The markings should l>c as fol lows : — 'White muzzle, white blaze on face, white 1 collar round neck, white chest, fere legs, feet and . ' ' end of tail; black shadings on face und ears. It ; the blaze be wideband run through to the collar ? j a spot of the body color on the top of the head Is .. desirable. " j )Veight.— The weight of a clog may be from 170_ j lb. to 200 lb. or more; of a bitch, from 150 lb. to, j 180 lb. or more. ' ' ' OBJECTIONABLE POINTS. j Ill-temper Wall eyes . l Split nose Curly coat " J Unlevcl mouth and can- Curled tail ' ; kered teeth Light or staring eyes , Flat skull Check bumps Domed skull Wedge head i Badly set or heavily fea- Flat sides : I thered ears Hollow back - -I Snipy muzzle Roach back l Too much peak Ring tail Short neck Open 'feet' or hare feet ,..'J Self-colored (i.e., a self- Cow hocks ' v colored dog is one that Straight hocks j has no black shadings j. or white markings) . . 5 DISQUALIFYING POINTS. S Dudley, liver, llesh co Black, black and tan,.--, b lorcu nose black and white, black <'. b Fawn, if whole colored, tan and white, and all- c or with black shadings white. I nl> SCALE OF POINTS. ' f Head, ears and eyes 25 Legs and feet .. .. 10 | Neck and shoulders S Coat .. 10. \ Chest and loin .. 5 Color and markings 10- 7 Body 15 Character and sym- - I Tail .. .« .. .. 6 nictry .. .. .. .. 15 8 Total, 20Q. x | 