CIGARETTE PAPERS. BY JOSEPH HAT.TOJ.'. THE S1IX.Y SEASON L*st week, in a more or less controver sial moqd, we were wandering about Fleet - sire* and the Temple. It was the ghost of Oliver Goldsmith that drew us to that classic comer north of Temple Church, the Mecca of many a lover of - The Deserted Village ' in every part of the world. Once roil have vour foot, or your pen, in any quarter of* London that is peopled with historic ghosts it is hard to withdraw the one or the other. I am constrained to linger' within -the precincts of ihe Temple. Moreover, this time of year is what they call 'the silly season,' because more in teresting and entertaining articles appear in ihe press between August and Christ mas than at any other time. In the old newspaper days, before cable despatches, and printing by electricity, and war cor respondents, Parliament having adjourned, 'the newspaper reporter, mostfj' spoken of as 'a penny-a-liner,' had to invent things, or quote ancient literature, or discover the sea serpent or showers of frogs : but the difficulty of the editor to-day is to nnd room for the really important matter that flows in upon the editorial rooms, by telegraph, by post, by messenger, and by the electric tape at his elbow, the mono tonous talk of which— tick, tick, geroo — .goes on from morning till night. Still, we are such a conservative people that we continue to call the autumn vacation ' the ally season,' which it is not by any means. Not that I am going to fay and justify the contrary, ily idea is only to make the notion an excuse for being more dis cursive and ' outside of news ' than usual, and to go on chatting about the Temple and thereabouts. What a change will come ' over the Temple Gardens, that run down to the'Embankment, some day ! The finest site in Europe for cafes, restaurants, pro menades, and semi-open-air concerts, tbe Embankment in tbe nest century will be the envy of even Paris. There will be plea sure paVilions on the river, and bathing houses, the other side of the Thames em banked like the Strand. But why lift the veil on the future J It is forbidden; and it wm not tickle onr vanity if we predict aright, seeing that we shall be like John Brown, whose body is laid in the grave though his soul goes marching on. 