PULPIT REFERENCES. The Church parade of the Joca^ troop of the Australian Horse, las1 Sunday, previously arranged, afforded the Rev. A. C. Hirst, at St. Luke'n, an opportunity of making a few feel ing remarks in the course of his sermon, on the sorrowlul event, ibere was a large congregation. The rev. gentleman took for his text : ' Then, therefore, endure hardness ns a good Foldier of Jesus Christ.' Those, he said, were the words of a veteran soldier to a young recruit. The aged, tried, experienced, weatber-beaten wnirior, beariug ou bis body the scars of a hundred battles, was St. Paul. Thb untried, inexperienced, raw recrait was Timothy. Yes, Sr. Paul was a soldier. True, his weapons were 'not carnal.' He was not armed with shield and sword and spoar ; ncr did be know anything (for who ever then even dreamt of such things? of powder and shot, of rifle and gun, of Mauser bullet aud lyddite shell. But he fought with brain and tongue, with the mighty eloquence of a deep con viction, with the weapons of truth end righteousness. As he himself says, it was 'by pureuess, by knowledge, by long-snfferiDg, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned, by the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armonr of righteousness on the right hand and on the left' And these ' weapons of his waifare' had proved to be 'mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds.' And as a soldier he had suffered. His had been no mere garrison duty. He had spent years in active service. There was hardly a feature of a long cam paign with which he was not peifectly familiar. He had been short of food, and clothing, for he speaks of having been 'in hnnger and thirst, iu fastings ofteu, iu cold and nakedness.' He had experienced weary sentry duty, for he says ho was 'in watcbings 1 often.' Had known long marches and risis from swollen torrents auc' concealed foes, u in journeyin^s often, in perils of waters, in -perils ot robbers.' tie had been wounded and imprisoned, aud left for dead upon tke battlefield, ''-in strifes above measnre, in prisons more frequent, iu deaths oft.' And like many another soldier he was proud of his scars, and delighted in telling of his experiences, and fighting his battles over again. Aud we can imagine tbe young Timothy sittiug at the veteran's feet, aud with eyes kiudling with excite ment as he devoured every word, and bis heart stirred with youthful enthus iasm, longing to emulate ihe old chief's example. Both the Episiles of Timothy are marked by teuder and affectionate counsel to the youDg disciple, and breathes in many passages the cry of war and of the battle field, as for instance in the following sentence : 'This charge I commit unto thee, son Timothy, th.t thou mightcst war a good warfare.' ' Fight the good fight of faith,' aud in the text ' Then therefore, endure hardness as a eood soldiet of Jesus Christ.' The text strikes the key note of a roldier's life iu active service by hardness And certainly, in all the circumstances and evi-rv place of active service, hardness is tbe chief feature. It is not a picnic. It is not a pleasure excursion. If any of us ever thought so, our eyes have been opened since tbe war broke out in Sonth Africa ; for we read of forced marches, worn-out boots and blisiered feet, soldiers standing ail night through in pouring rain, drenched to the skin, holdiue iheir horses, living and fighting on a biscuit a day, and sometimes not even that much food, sleeping in wet clothes and insufficient covering, scorched till the skin peals off under the blaz-'ng sun, thousauds around them dead and dyini; of enteric fever. We say nothing of the horrors of lbe battle field, for these are not the hardness. All hardships are for gotten in the excitement, enthusiasm, dash, and daring of action. Who thinks of hunger aud thirst and pain and sickness while bullets are singing nnd bombs are bursting, and trumpets are blaring, and officers are shooting, and men are cheering ? Ah! bnt it is when the days of iuaction come, and tbs pangs of hunger and misery assert themselves ; this is the hardness that tells aud proves the metal of the true soldier. The side of tbe soldier's life which is moEt before the woild and which finds its way to public notice, and gains praise and admira tion is the gallantry and pluck and daring of the battle field. But he ventured to say that tbe noblest side of a soldier's life is tbe soldier's brave and patient endurance of hardness ; his calm, uncomplaining endurance of the. thousand and one privations inci dental to every campaign. All the more noble in him because there was not the excitement and enthusiasm of Ihe battle to help and fortify him in his sufferings. This was ihe hardness that proves and tries the man. Look at Lord Roberts. It was uot his spleudid courage only, his marvellous skill and unrivalled generalship that marks him as the greatest soldier of the age ; but it was the lines and scars and furrows of that weatber-beateu face that tells of hardness well endured, of privations and sufferings from wind and storm and rain, and even hunger and thirst bravely and nobly born ? A note of deep sadness ran through all their special scrvice that morning. It might De out a small tuing m the history of war. Only another brave soldier gone to his death, only another life laid down, only another grave on the battle field, only another soul self sacrificed for God and oni Queen, only another home made desolate, only a few more broken hearts I Without selfishness it might be said tbat hither to when we have mourned the lost in battle we have mourned fjr strangers only — we wepc with those that weep — but uow we weep for ourselves, for the horrors of war have comc home to us iu all their stern reality. For now a comrade, one of our own troop, one whom wo have known and loved, one who has been with us at parade, aud in our social gatherings, and ot our sports ; one whose face was familiar to us, aud whose voice yet lingers in our cars, has gone forth from us never to returu. Where is there a heart amongst us that has not a tender spot ir. it for the memqry of Lieuten ant Ebsworth ? 'Good old Ebby,' aF. we loved to ca'l him — so genial, so friendly, so kind, so bravo and true, every iuch a man, and one of tho very flower of our troop. We have hitherto called ourselves lucky, for our men have always escaped so well, and now the first to go is one of our best. Well, God so willed it, and Ho kuowg best. We tow our heads in snbmis sion though our hearts are sad, and we pray that the G^d of battles who also is the God of all consolations, may make as light as possible the heavy, burden of sorrow to those to whom he was nearest aud dearest, and to those .' whoso name be has given au added , lustre aud an imperishable honor, in- ! asmucb as be fell, like a true, good ! soldier, covered with gl-.'ry, upou the i battle field. j 