NOTES AND COMMENTS. The Mission that Failed—. Surely this title can be applied to the little jaunt to the Eastern Colonies taken by Sir John Forrest and his political guide, Mr J. W. Hackett, M.L.G. These gentlemen, having wrecked the cause of Federation in this colony, went Eastward on a mission that was certainly characterised by the most glaring effrontery. They practically said to the Federal Premiers, "We cannot join the Commonwealth on the terms we formerly agreed to, but are here to ask for others that will meet the needs of our own special body guard of Swan River gropors. We did not carry out our pledges to submit the Commonwealth Bill to the people of the colony, as a few of our old friends were afraid, if we did, that the measure would be adopted. Now we want terms to suit a small coastal section in place of those demanded of us by the great mass of Western Australian electors." Is it to be wondered that the Eastern politicians and the Eastern Press have given the Knight of Bunbury and his bottle-holder the cold shoulder ? This has been done with a vigor and unani- mity that does our eastern friends credit. But Sir John's plight was even worse than that. Not only did his extraordinary demands bring a severe snubbing, but on top of that the Western Kruger found the Eastern colonies actually aiding and abetting these goldfields in their movement to secure separation from the Swan River settlement us a first step towards federation One can imagine how Sir John will bluster round after his return and abuse people who are fully as intelligent and honest as himself, but he appears to have maintained a subdued if not an apologetic tone in the presence of the Eastern Premiers, from whom he sought concessions in regard to the mail steamers calling at Albany. Evidently the position taken up by Sir John was that he must ask for something, although he did not expect to get it—and he didn't. As the matter now stands, the mail steamers are not to stop at Fremantle unless the companies themselves make arrangements to save the time elsewhere that would be lost at the western port. Practically the other Premiers told Sir John that they could not inconvenience their constituents in the interests of the Federal renegades, Surely some people's sins have found them out, and certain chickens are already coming home to roost. Mr Robson Unburdens Himself— Ever since his election to the Legislative Assembly, Mr Robson has been regarded as a sort of political "Ornithoryucus Paradoxus," a Parliamentary hybrid of indefinite origin, and doubtful future. The doubt and uncertainty concerning Robson have not been restricted to the minds of the electors, as it now appears that Robson himself participated therein. Until a few days ago it might have been raid of Robson as of John Jones. " 'E dunno where 'e are ;" but now all that is changed. He has ceased to be "both bird and saurian," but which he now is requires further evidence for actual demonstration. The manner in which he "chawed up" the Government at Geraldton on Wednesday would lead one to suppose that he now is a political saurian. Mr Robson was speaking at a banquet at which politics were to have been eschewed, but his tongue ran away with him and he somewhat disturbed the harmony of the little gathering. He admitted that when he went into Parliament he did so in great doubt as to which party he should support, but ad- ded he, "I have now seen and learnt something, and as the result of my observations I am in a position to declare that bribery and corruption in their worst form are rampant in the Legislature, and that the Government is a rotten and corrupt one." This bold statement caused 110 less a distinguished gentleman than Mr Maitland Brown, of "My God, I am proud of you " fame, to rear up and protest against this political tirade at a non political meeting. In deference to this servant of the people, who evidently held a brief for the Premier, Mr Robson withdrew his caustic observations, but the sting remained. The hard part of it is that Mr Robson went so near the truth. The member for GeraIdton might have made a few pertinent remarks in regard to the railway administration, the employment of departmental experts at a civil servant's garden, and the storage of a Minister's wheat in the railway sheds at the public expense. These are matters quite apart from the subjects of bribery and corruption to which Mr Robson referred. At the last meeting of the executive of the Separation League, held in Kalgoorlie, it was reported that it had been arranged that the Hon A. P. Matheson, M.L.C., should interview, on behalf of the League, Mr Deakin at Albany whilst the latter was on his way to England to act on behalf of Victoria in connection with the Commonwealth Bill. Mr Matheson promised to supply Mr Deakin with literature, etc, concerning Separation, and also to get him to make inquiries in London, and communicate with the league as to the best way of presenting their case to the Imperial authorities, etc. A war correspondent writes :—"Coming to the defensive side of the campaign, nothing but admiration can be expressed for the persistent resistance of Ladysmith, Kimberley, and Mafeking. Ladysmith is practical y being battered to pieces, but now and again the troops make splendid sorties, and have silenced more than one big Boer gun. Kim- berley is, in touch with Lord Methuen's column by searchlight signal, but has lost its second in command, Captain Scott Turner. Colonel Baden-Powell, in Mafeking, has held on like a bull terrier. Mafeking has been shelled persistently for two months, except on Sundays, when an armistice is mutually observed. Among the many "sends-off" to officers going to South Africa must he counted a dinner to Bro Vet. Captain H. Sugden Rudduck by a few of his Masonic Club friends (says a Melbourne contemporary). The menu, specially designed, contained a series of nice appetising dishes, which materially helped the hosts to kill Kruger with their mouths: Among the good things were: —Oysters on the shrapnel shell," " soups British Empire and Elands Laagte," "boiled schnapper and Hollandaise sauce," "lamb cutlets a la Tommy Atkins," "salmis of duck and Mauser ballets," "Australian turkey and Cronje sauce," "Victorian teal and Delagoa sauce." "vegetables. General French beans and Royal Irish Murphies," "Joubert pudding and Ladysmith sauce," "cheese a la Welsh Fusilier," "Cape gooseberries," and "oranges a la Free State." A writer in the "Journal of the N.S. Wales Chamber of Mines" says :—Reeeut experiments tend to prove that the ceposition of gold from cyanide solution plectrolytically is gradual becoming more and more successful, and there is no reason to doubt that the near future will see marked improvement in this direction. The refining of copper, the manufacture of caustic alkali, the manufacture of aluminium, etc., are mentioned incidentally as fair grounds upon which to base our anticipations and hopes that we may yet in the near future see a distinct improvement in the percentage of metal recovered through the adoption of electrical means. Captain Bruche, of Victoria, who is here for duty, passed through by train to- day, and it is understood that he will (says a Belmont correspondent) be attached to Lord Methuen's staff. Colonel Umphelby (Victoria) is not so fortunate. He is detained' at Cape Town, there to discharge the never-sought after duty of Press censor. Captain Howland, in command of S.A.'s first contingent, writes from Orange River, 70 miles north of De Aar : ''All of us who left Australia, with the exception of the Victorian Mounted Rifles, have been formed into an Australian Regiment ; my company is the second one in it. The Victorian Rifles are No 1, the West Australian Infantry No 3, and the Tasmanian Infantry No 4. The New South Wales Infantry are expected to join us later on. We are under the command of Colonel Hoad, with major Eddy, of Victoria, second in command, Captain Lascelles adjutant, Lieutenant Powell transport officer, and Sergeant Johnston, of my company, has been appointed sergeant-major. This is a very im- portant camp. We have to guard the pass and a large railway bridge, as General Cronje is expected shortly to try to take this place, and our people are sending up more troops as fast as they can." Writes the " Adelaide Critic's'' London correspondent under date December 15 :— The war correspondents have already given the colonials most favorable mention. The Australian war correspondent, Mr H. Donohoe, who scored for the "Daily Chronicle" all along the line with Methuen's column, has, by his energy, made himself somewhat unpopular with the other correspondents. It seems that no single writer should send off more than 200 words daily by wire, but Donohoe managed to get through long thrilling accounts of the Belmont, Grasspan, and Modder River fights. The others, sick over being beaten by the young colonial, complained, and the result was, according to the "Daily Mail's" correspondent Ralph (an American), that Donohoe was hauled over the coals and told not to do it again. Another " Daily Mail" man, clever G. W. Steevens, who has been penned up in Ladysmith for weeks, gave Lynch, the " London Echo " cor- respondent, away rather badly this week. Lynch, who is a humorist, thought it would be a good joke to ride across to the Boer lines and exchange several copies of a local sheet, the "Ladysmith Lyre," for some of the enemy's papers. He therefore started off in a white flannel suit, holding a white umbrella and bearing in his hand a bottle of whisky as a letter of introduction. His horse had been painted khaki color on one side only. The Boers did not see the joke, and Lynch is now camped on the racecourse at Pretoria. Sergeant Peter McDonald, one of the N.S.W. Lancers, from the Modder River: "We were acting as escort to the artillery, so were under shell fire all day. However, every mail of us is here to-day still safe and unharmed, but hundreds of dead horses, 800 dead and wounded Boers, and hundreds of dead and wounded British soldiers are the results of the Modder River battle. We are now to stay here for a week till the bridge which was blown up is repaired and again made fit for traffic by the Army Service Corps. Then we are to march on a few miles to Spitzfontein, where it is certain the Boers will make another stand. From there it in an easy distance to Kimberley. Travelling with a flying column as we are we have no tents or cover at night—only an oil sheet to lie on and a blanket. None of us have had any of our clothes or boots off for a fortnight. Of course, you don't know what minute you will be attacked by the enemy. I never felt better than I do now, but I am very sleepy to-day, sitting in the hot sun writing this letter, and it is three days since I washed my face, for water is a scarce commodity. Any of us would have given 5s for a good drink of water on the day of the last battle. All the same I am glad that I am going through the experience. I had a lot of hard luck yesterday when I got my horse drowned while out in charge of a patrol. He was a good animal and so quiet and strong. I slept on the veldt (that is the open plain) the other night with my arm through the bride, and the poor old horse lay down beside me. It is all a strange life this campaigning in South Africa." Early this morning I (Adelaide "Register" correspondent at Belmont) drove my mule-cart—a gay turnout, which I commandeered for hard cash at Orange River, and which will cause a sensation when I drive it down Rundle-street—to Thomas's farm, about two miles from our camp. Milk, eggs, butter—these were the provisions I sought and obtained for comrades and myself. Incidentally I invited myself to stay to breakfast. Hot Dutch cakes, hot bread, tea, milk, butter, that was the bill of fare, and I returned thanks that an unpromising day had started so well. With With Mr Thomas I chatted over the events of the campaign and the battle of Belmont. My host is one of the English farmers who decided to stand by their homesteads and see the trouble through. He has an extensive property, and is married to a lady of Dutch descent from the Free State. "The English and Free State people are so intermarrying, are becoming so well educated, and live on such good terms with each other, that the war, so far as the Free State is concerned, will soon be over, and there will be a better feeling afterwards." Thus Mr Thomas, whose family had an anxious time during the Belmont fight. Half-a-dozen shells fell around about the house. A part of one fell on the roof and knocked a hole in it, and a third went to pieces on a large stone within a few feet of a back verandah, upon which the family sat during the action. Thomas knows every inch of the surrounding country and tells me he strongly advised Lord Methuen to go on to Jacobsdal, and thus menace the Free State capital, as the best way of relieving Kimberley. " I don't know anything about soldiering," said Mr Thomas, " but I know the country." It is certain that Lord Methuen had fully considered the advantage of the several courses open to him before deciding upon his line of advance. Says Melbourne " Punch " :—" A further proof of the similarity between Kruger and Sir John Forrest induces us to return to the latter gentleman. Sir John has entered his defence, and it is more grotesquely cheeky than anything previously issued by the same large, loud parochialist. Sir John declares that he is a true Federalist, that he cannot understand for the life of him why anybody should ever have thought anything else of him. He has worked his hardest for Federation, he says, and he never, or hardly ever, threw any obstacles in its way. He threw such effective obstacles in its way in his own province—the only place where he has influence enough to throw anything more than a shadow—that the State is completely cut off from the rest of Australia, and when he stands up and gabbles of his Federalism after this, he pays his audience the compliment of believing them to be numbskulls, who cannot see a hole through a ladder. The London "Daily Chronicle" says : — We print a letter from Mr Stead, who easily outshines all other alarmists. He sees ' A Superior Jameson Raid ' by 60,000 Frenchmen on London in the absence of the Channel Fleet. To achieve this remarkable venture our neighbors would have to turn out their present Ministry, and substitute a crew who would not go through the formality of declaring war. Perhaps M. Deroulede will emerge from gaol for this congenial business ; but how are the raiders to cross the channel? By flying machines? Has Mr Stead calculated the number of transports that would be needed, and the time it would take to collect men? Not at all. Such prosaic details have not even occurred to him. He seriously believes that the whole expedition might be planned and executed before the Channel Fleet could be brought from the Mediterranean. This kind of nonsense may compete with ghost stories at Christmas, but it has nothing to do with the serious affairs on which the nation is now occupied." 