"Slumps. - "Stumps," as he was called In Dos- serland, was a favourite witb criminals and— the police. He had a bright Joke and a kindly word for all alike ; no one had ever seen him cross, or known bim do a mPATl tllln<r Children hung round him, listening to his yarns ; the lasses always stopped to banter with blni ; while many a night round the doss-house fire he was the life of the wretched-looking group, as In fluent, picturesque language lie told ghost tales and fairy legends of his native County Clare, making the moucliers forget their hunger, their suf ferings, their despair ; and when he had money he was royally generous- he treated everyone he came across. " Bedad, that fact alone bethrays mo1 kingly lineage" (Mike was descended from an ancient Irish sovereign), he once said to me, lialf-rucfully. " Shu re, I'm never so luppy as whin dispiusing bounties." Indeed, I have known 15s. last him but two days, though he always slept in a doss-liousc. anil the only solid food that passed his lips during that space was onions and tripe for supper, and a couple of carrots, as a midday meaL " My digestion, you see, is peculiar," he confided oh one occasion to a magis trate; after receiving a sentence of fourteen days ; " it seems to cotton to nothing but drink." "Could you not Lake the pledge, and would not some one help you lo keep it ?" asked the functionary of Justice, who, 1 am sure, in his heart, saw the futility of those repeated consignments to gaol. Mike ruflled his rough red hair, and a gleam of amusement darted liir.o his eyes. " May It plalse your ludshtp," he said, " It's meself was a shining ioight ill tile Salvation Army— fur-fur Iwc mouths, an' begorra ! in that tolnie if t)i dnl not merit a silver medal fur timper- ance." " And where Is the nielil V asked the magistrate. Again Mike's eyes twinkled and the corners of his mouth worked. "An' you'll belaivc me. your wurship, whin 01 came out last tolme, from the r'si- dence you wos so kind as to send me to fur moi health, I pawned i; fur a dhrop of the cratur', an' hegorrt ! if Oi didn't folnd the medal wasn't silver at all, but jlst a common bit of On Mike's, real dlscomfltnre was too much for those present, and they laughed as he meant them to laugh and nobody enjoyed his joke more than he did himself. But laughing at or with a culprit does not help 'o mend his ways, and Mike's case had a sad side to it.— From the "Quiver." for April. 