The People's Christ. Sermon bv inn Late Bet.. C. H. Sl'orceon. "I have exalted One chosen out of the people." — Psalm lxxxix. 19. WE will, commence with our Saviour's , y extraction. Christ, by His very liirth, was one of the jieople. . True, He was born of a royal ancestry. Mary and Jo- soph were both of them de scendants of a kingly race, but the glory had depart ed; a stranger sat on the throne of Judah, while the lawful heir grasped the biT.imer and the adze. Mark ye well the place of His nativity. Born 111 a stable — cradled in a manger where the horned oxen fed — His only bed their fodder, His slumbers often broken by their lowiugs, He might be a prince by birth; but certainly Ho had" not a princely retinue to wait upon Him. H« was not clad in purple garments, nei ther wrapped in embroidered clothing ; the halls of lungs were not trodden by His feet, the marble palaces of monarchs were not honoured by His infant smiles. Take notic. of the visitors who came around His cradle. The shepherds came first of all. We never find that they lost their way. No, God guides the shepherds, and He did direct the wise meu, too, but they lost their way. It often happens that, while ' shepherds find Christ, wise men miss Him. But, however, both of them eame, the magi and the shepherds; both knelt round that manger, to show us that Christ was : the Christ of all men ; that He was not merely the Christ of tho ntagi, bnt that He was the Christ of the shepherds — that He was not merely the Saviour of the pea sant, but also tbo Saviour of tbe learned. His education, too, demands our attention. He was not taken, as Moses i as, from bis mothe'r's breast, to be educated in the hails of a monarch ; He was not brought up with all those affected airs which are given to persons who have golden spoons in their months at their births. He was not brought up as the loidling, to look with disdain on everyone ; but, His father being a carpenter, doubtless lie toiled in His father's workshop. "Pit place," a quaint author says, " for Jesus ; for Ho had to make a ladder that should reach from earth to heaven. And why should He not he the son of a carpenter?" Fffil well He knew the curse of Adam: "In the sweat of thy face shalt thou oat bread." Had you seen the holy Child Jesus, you would havo beheld nothing to distinguish Him from other children, save that unsullied purity which rested in His very countenance. When our Lord entered into public life, still He was the. same. What was His rank? Bid He array Himself in scarlet and purple? Oh! no; He wore the simple garb of a peasant — that robe "without seam from the top to tbe bottom," one simple piece of stuff, without ornament or embroidery. Bid He dwell in state, and make a magnificent show in His journey through Judea? No; He toiled His weary ; way, and sat down on the curb-stone of the well of Syohav. Ho was like others, a poor Man ; He had not courtiers around . Him ; He had fishermen for His com panions ; and when He spoke, did He speak V with smooth and oily words? Did He i walk with dainty footsteps, like the king . of Amalek? No, He often spoke like the rough Elijah; He spoke what He meant, and He meant what He said. He spoke to ; the people as the people's Man. | His motives nro apparent ; and without , pretending to enter the cabinet council cf i Jehovah, we may discover them. For one j thing, wo see that justico is thereby fully satisfied by the choice of one out of the people. The law declares, " The soul that Binneth, it shall die." Now, man sins, and therefore man must die. Justice re quired that, as by man came death, by 1 man also should come tho resurrection and : the life. The law required that, as man was the sinner, man should be the victim . — that as in Adam all died, even so in ; another Adam should all bo made alive. \- Consequently it was necessary that Jesus . Christ should be clioseu out of the people : for had yon blazing angel near tbe throne, \- — — that lofty Gabriel, laid aside his splen dours, descended to our earth, endured ' pain, suffered agonies, entered the vault of death, and groaned out a miserable ex istence in an extremity of woe, after all that he would not have satisfied inflexible justice, because it is said, a man must die, nnd otherwise tho sentence is not executed. But there is another reason why Jesus Christ was chosen out of the people. It is because thereby the whole race receives honour. Do you know, I would not be an angel, if Gabriel would ask me. If he would beseech mo to exchange places with him, I would not; I should lose so much by the exchange, and he would gain so much. Poor, weak, and worthless though I am, yet I am a man, and, being a man, there is a dignity about manhood — a dig nity lost one day in the garden of the fall, but regained in the garden of resurrec tion. It is a fact, that a man is greater lliau an ange! — that in heaven humanity stands nearer the throne than angelie ex istence. You will read in the Book of the ltcvclation, of the four-and- tivcnt.v ciders who stood around the throne, anil in the outer cirelo stood the angels. The elders, who aro the representatives of the whole Church, were honoured with a greater nearness to God than the ministering spirits. Why, man — elect man — is the greatest thing in the universe, except God. Man sits up there — look! at God's light hand, radiant with glory, there sits a Man I Ask mo who governs Providence, and di rects its awfully mysterious machinery ; I . tell you it is a Man — the Man Christ Jesus. Ask me who shall come to judge the earth in righteousness, and I say, a Man. A real, veritable Man is to bold the scales of judgment, and to call all nations around Him. And who is the channel of grace? Who is the emporium of all the Father's mercy? Who is the great gathering up of all the love of the covenant? I reply, a Stan — the Man Christ Jesns. And Christ, being a man, has exalted you, and exalted me, and put us into the highest ranks. Ho mado us, originally, a little lower than tho angels, and now, despite our fall in Adam, He hath crowned us, His elect, with glory and honour, nnd hath sit us at His right, hand in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, that in the ages to come He might show the exceeding riches of His grace in His kindness towards us through Christ .TesuR. But, my brethren, let us take a sweeter view than that. Why was. He chosen out of the people? Was it not this — that He might be able to be thy brother in the blest tie of kinlred blood? Oh! what relationship there is between Christ and the believer I "One there is above all 'others Well deserves the name of Friend ; His is love beyond a brother's, Faithful, free, and knows no end." I have a great Brother in heaven. 'I have heard boys say sometimes in the street that they would tell their brother; and I hare often said so when the enemy has attacked me — "I will tell my Brother in heaven." I may bo poor, but I have a Brother who is rich ; I have a Brother who is a King; I am brother to tho Prince of the kings of tho earth ;. and will Ho suffer mo to starve, or want, or lack, while Ho is on His throne? Oh, no; He loves me; He has fraternal feelings towards me ; He is my Brother. But, more than that : think, O believer 1 Christ is not merely thy Brother, but He is thy Husband. Thy Maker is thy Husband ; the Lord of Hosts is His name." Ohl to know by the in fluence of the Holy Ghost that the sweet alliance is made between my soul and tho ever-precious Jesus; sure, 'tiB enough to quicken all my soul to music, .and make each atom of my. frame a grateful songster to the praise of Christ. Come, let me re member when I lay like an infant in my blood, cast out in the open field; let me recollect the notnble moment when He said, "Live I" and let me never forget that He has educated me, trained me up, and one day will espouse me to Himself in right eousness, crowning me with a nuptial orown in the palace of His father. Oh! it is bliss unspeakable 1 I wonder not that the thought doth stagger my words to utter it 1 — that Christ is ono of the peopi i, that He might be nearly related to you and to me, that He might be the next of kin. " In tics of blood with sinners one, Our Jesus is to glory gone; -- Hath all His foes to ruin hurled — Sin, Satan, earth, death, hell, the world." 1 Saint, wear this blessed thought, like a necklace of diamonds, around the neck of thy memory ; put it, as a golden ring, on the linger of recollection'; and use it as the King's own seal, stamping the peti tions of thy faith with confidence of "suc cess. But now another idea suggests it self. Christ was chosen out of the people that He might know our wants and svm. pathise with us. My brother Christian, there is no place where thou canst go whore Christ has not been before th;:, sin ful places alone excepted. In the dark val ley of the shadow of death thou miivcst see His bloody footsteps — footprints marked with gore; ay, and even at the deep waters of the swelling Jordan thou slialt, when thou coinest hard by the side, say,' " There are the footprints of a Man : whose aro they?" Stooping down, tlirtu shalt discern a nail-mark, and shalt say, "Those are the footsteps of the Blessed Jesus." He hath been before tliee; He hath smoothed the way ; He hath entered the grave, that He might make the tomb the royal bedchamber of tbe ransomed race, the closet where they lay aside the gar ments of labour to put on the vestments of eternal rest. In all places whitherso ever we go, the Angel of the covenant lias beon our forerunner ; each burden we carry has once been laid on the shoulders of Immannel. ' "His way was much rougher and darker than mine ; Did Christ my Lord suffer, and shall I repine?" ' When our Lord shall come "again, it will not bo in humiliation, for He shall sit upon the throne of his father David, and shall judge all nations. " The Lord shall come, hut not the same As once in lowliness He came : A humble Man before His foes ; A weary Man, and full of woes." Ah . no. Bainbows shall he about His head; He shall hold the sun ill His right hand as the token of His government ; He shall put the moon and stars beneath His feet, as the dust of the pedestal of His throne, which shall be of solid clouds of light. Tho hooks shall be opened — those massive books which contain the deeds of bote quick unci dead. Ah ! how shall the despised Nazarene sit triumphant over all His foes. No more the taunt, the jeer, the scoff; but one hideous cry of misery, "Hide us from the face of Him that sit-, teth on the throne !" Oh, ye who now look with contempt on. Jesus and His cross, I tremble for you. Oh, fiercer than a lion 011 his prey is love when once incensed. Oh, despisers ! I warn yo ' of that day when the placid brow of the Man of Sor rows shall be knit with frowns ; when- the eye, which once was moistened by dew- drops of pity shall flash lightning on its enemies; and the hand which once was nailed to the cross far our redemption, shall grasp the thunderbolt for your damna tion; while the month which once said. "Come unto Me,, ye weary." shall pro nounce in words louder and more terrible than the voice of the thunder, "Depart ,ye, erused !" Sinners ! ye may think it a . triflo to sin against the Man of Nazareth, but ye shall find that in so doing ye have offended the Man who shall judge the earth in righteousness ; and for your rebellion ye shall endure waves of torment in the eter nal ocean of wrath. From that doom may God deliver you! 