rHE 'TWOPENNY TUBE.' In these days of oppoation to the estab-| ligament of the electric system of tramways in Adelaide the following descrip- : tion of up-to-date London methods: by an BngliKh girl will be read witn I interest:— 'This morning we went upj to the British Museum by the 'Twopenny Tube'' — otherwise the electric railway,! which runs from Shepherd's Bush to the! Bank, in the City, in 20 minutes, and forj twopence all the way. There arc dozens of i stations all tbe way up, all through* the parts of London that are as a rule difficult to get at. For instance, by any other route it| would take over an hour to get to the Bank. This Twopenny Tube is quite new, and is simply enchanting. Of course it runs un derground entirely, but oh! wbut a diffe rence from the dreadful underground rail way! Well, first of a.1 you plank down your twopence, and are given in exchange a ticket, which you drop into a box as you pass the ?turner. You then walk into a per fect 'room*' of a. lift, and immediately you arc settly lowered into the very bowels of the earth— all brilliantly lighted like a ball room with electric light Then you go down a few steps on to a deliriously dean, un Lbndonlike platform with a single line and a tunnel of deep blackness and tiny size at each' end. The w«ils of these stations are curved inwards, and are of beautiful pure white, shiny brick, with the name hugely and clearly written up— and oh! mar vellous! No advertisements that lead poor foreigners and shortsighted people to sup pose that- every station is called 'Stephen's Blue Black,' or 'Ogdea's Guinea Gold,' or 'Epps's Cocoa.' Here and there are casual looking garden seats which nobody ever has time to use, because before you have, been in ths model station a minute a train, comes along with an alarming looking torpedo-shaped engine and long corridor cars— all one das*— be- cause why? Because it is all one price twopence— quite sociable and' socialistic, and all that, kind of thins. I'm SUR a socialist would love it, because if he were to travel at about 5 o'clock he would! pro-, bablgr have a -workman's oilcan affection utely rubbed against his frock coat and a hobnailed boot placed protectingiy on his patent leathers! But perhaps socialists don't wear-patent leathers end frock coats. I should think it would be wiser not! Well, the scats in the can are very com fortable, and the whole 'get up' of the train is deaa and attractive,. and there fore most unlike the usual London convey ances. I should think you could travel all day on the Twopenny Tube without getting a ghost of a smut on your nose, and the same could be said of no other place in London.. The trains travel at a splendid pace, with only a few inches on either side between the train and the tunnel— a veritable tube. The stops at the sta tions are only of a few second*, and you are off almost before you realize the name of the station. Conductors stand at each end of the corridors, and as you leave a station shout out the name of the next It u all made delightfully easy for yon, and when you reach, your own particular sta tion you bundle out, get into the waiting lift, and in no time find yourself above ground in the busy, noisy, rushing streets, quite bewildering after the peace of down below! The return line, of course, runs parallel, and the platforms are. divided ty a wall— a lovely white wall— with gates from one to the other. So after paying your twopence.it is quite optional whether you go citywards or westwards. It is wonder fully, airy, and they say in hot' weather it is beautifully cool and draughty. I suppose all the air is pumped down, because sever a glimpse of daylight do you bavefrom start to finish— «ll bright electric light. Of course, it is a tremendous success, bat I suppose it will be years before it really pays. It has been yean building, and must have been a hugely expensive job.' 