The Lily of Mordaunt. Byr Man G. SHuLDOIr, Irleores of "The Masked Bridal," ",The Magic Cameo,' &s.;) CHAPTER XXXVIII. IN A DILEMMA, Ism glad, sat all events, to get my jewels back," she added, as she eyed em fondly, lifting each piece with ten der, carealsng fingers, and recalling the fiends who had given them to her. B t this money, what shall I do with ait The hundred pounds rightly belongs o ne, and I shall keep it; but the other-the ' Interest,' as he calls it-I lbeieve-I do not want ; and as for that which he has deposited In the Bank of England In my name, 1 could never touch ,pen ny of it." Her eyes blazed at the thought of it, her head was thrown proudly back, and her lips curled with derision. The hundred-pound note she put away in her purse, the other she returned to the envelope containing Philip's letter, And then she fell to musirg sorrowfully, and was only aroused when Miss McAllis ter returned after a long absence, during which she had been in a continual for ment of anxiety and curiosity regarding the contents of Philip Paxton's package. Arley arose as she entered, and, put gin her letter Into her hands, begged her to read It, Scarcely a sound, save the rattling of the paper as McAlliater turned the pges of Philip's letter, was heard in the room during the next half hour. Missa McAllister sat bolt upright by a window, with lowerlng brow, stern, re lentless eyes, and firmly compressed lips. Arley lay wearily back in her low rocker by the fire, her hands clasped patiently In her lap, but looking very pale ad sorrowful. "Well, enntle, what do you think of hi' she questioned, when that lady at lot refolded Philip's confession, and haded it back to her. •'That he la even a greater rascal than Ibelieved him to be-and that was bad nongh, goodness knows I" was the grim reply. A?ley flashed. She could think all manner of hard thiogs of him herself, but it seemed very harhwhen put into such severe language byanother. "Bat be seems sorry." she said, heal tltingly. "So does every criminal when he is frond out," Miss McAllister retorted, tersely. "Do you suppose," she went on, " If Ildy Elaine had listened to him-if she hta given him the slightest encourage. ueut. that he would ever have written onu that letter I" "Perhaps not," Arley assented. "0O course he would not. lHe would hre continued to pursue his wicked, shameless career, married her, and then urmthlessly broken her heart as he has yours, If she had opposed him in any way. It must have been that adventure utah Jane Collins which resulted in nrealing'ihls craftinessa to her, and led hr to bring him up short, with a good rund turn. I think I should have enjoyed being behlid the scenes about that time," Misa hIcAllister concluded, wIth s little chuckle of trlumph. "As for your money and jewels," she ailed, after a moment, "I told you that hsetole them ; I felt it in my bones, as the neai'gi, and I can believe him capable di-cat anything now." "iut he moaust have experienced eomo t6 of remorse or he never would have a:ten all that he has," Arley returned : "ti returning my money and jewels gooes, too-" "I should suppose he would be glad to store them; they must have haunted hlm like a ghost every time he thought if or looked at them," interrupted the old lady, relentlessly. "But he need not have confessed every thing; If he had not boon really humbled he probably would have kept those last worst things to himself." "Hamphl doubtless ho-knew well enough that you would learn all from Lady Elaine, and so made a virtue of tecesicty." "But she know nothing about this siolen money and jewels, nor about his mbhling--he might have given himself the benefit of a doubt regarding those sins, if he had chosen," persisted Arley. Mins McAllister eyed the pretty figure Opposite to her uneasily. "I hope," she said, coldly, " that you are not meditating anything so foolish as to forgive him and take him back to your rra I I ahould suppose that once hav ing released yourself from the lion's power, you would not be very eager to put your head between his jaws again." "\o; I'm afraid that I can't forgive him, artieo-.. " "Afraid " was the startled intorrup. "Yes. You know we are commanded 'forgive, as we hope to be forgiven,'" ley murmured, in a low tone. Uf course-of course ; no Christian honld cherish malice, or wish evil to any 00; but this la a pecullar case. You are not obliged to wish for any special jodg ant to overtake Philip-youen can simply lop him altogether out of your life." Yes; those wretched months are still t fresh In my mind to admit of my iahing him to have any part in my Btnr," and Arley shivered slightly. tiif he really feels as remorseful as les etter seems to Indicate, I would at tat hae to render him all the credit "Preclonas little is duo him, In my opl e was the severe retort, and there E atter dropped. Eents crowded thick and fast upon ereturned wanderer, for daring the at forenoon MIr Holloy, Arley'a former ryer, as announced. ,reill, well, Mrs Arley," he said, 'it , as he warmly grasped her hand, ho does my old eyes good to see you Wre once more. Mr Paxton sent me up Slast night that you had returned. n, ass I promined to transact a little ztete for him when you came, I gt I'd settle It at once; and you tbe asure I was very glad of the oppor Sto come and welcome you home." cisy was amazed at his words; of O, eheo did not understand them, but ti not like to betray too much; so, tho erg eyes were unusually brilliant, scarlet color In her cheeks was like a seaflame, she managed to reply: that ank youa, Mr Holley; you know co am glad to asee you under any clEr you Pances, for I hale always considered Sa ohn of my best friends." SPre have not forgotten how to say rity things, If you are a married Oan and have travelled half the world " the lawyer returned, amilingly. mn 'llt attend to business first and do sddch ttlng afterward I Imagine," he co lth Ltwinkllng eyes, "that my rrlcatlon will not be very much of py Oe to yo, but I am none the less Wdae could be coming now I Arley that red, clanplng her hands so tightly the nails left deep, purple marks SMer long afterward. SPuton waited upon me some time ago," the lawyer resumed, "and told me that he had settled a som upon you-twenty thousand pounds-deposit. Ing the money in the Bank of England, and he desired that I would take charge of it, as I had done of your money in the past, and pay you the Interest quarterly, as before. He said that he had made this arrangement so that you might have the same feeling of Independence that you used to have, while he wished you to be provided for in coao of any accident hap. pening to him. I reed not tell you that I am very proud to be restored to my old position as your man of business, or that it is with great pleasure that I pay over this first quarterly instalmont to yon Mr Paxton notified me of your return last night-and you may be eure that I shall make prompt payments every quarter. day." Mr Holley reached forward and slipped a roll of notes into Arley's hands as he ceased speaking. She felt as if she should sink through the floor, as he crowded that money upon her. Her first impulse was to dash it back angrily into the man's face and bid him to carry it back to Its donor. But, she reasoned, he was in total ignorance of the truth of her relations to Philip-everything that he had said went to prove it- and if she rijected the money she would be obliged to explain why, and reveal the whole of her dreadful story. It was evident that Mr Holley believed, as Sir Anthony had appeared to do, that she and her husband were upon the most amicable terms with each other ; and it was also evident that Philip was rigidly concealing everything which would tend to create any scandal, thus leaving her, as he had told her in his letter that he should do, to take whatever steps against him she might see fit. What should she do 1 That money seemed like a live coal in her hands ; and she knew, with her preo. sent feelings, that she could never use so much as a farthing of it; and yet, if she gave it back to AMr Liolley, she must give a reason, and she recoiled from rehearsing her troubles to any one outfide the family. Miss McAlliter's face had grown black with wrath over this strange proceeding; but she was obliged to hold her tongue, knowing that any interference on her part would be unseemly, at least, in the presence of a third person. But the lawyer was waiting for Arley to say something, his face all smiles and aglow with heartiest sympathy for her good fortune, as he regarded it, and she knew that she must make him some reply. " Really, Mr Holley," she began, with a crimson face, "this is a surprise to me-" " What I Has not your husband told you anything about it Has he left me to enlighten you upon the subject ?'' in terrupted the lawyer, astonished. Arley's heart leaped into her throat. It was very hard to know just what it was best to say. " He did mention that he had deposited some money in the Bank of England for me ; but I had no idea that I was to re ceive such a sum as you mention, and, really," she added, with a nervous, almost hyeterical laugh, " I have roe garled myself as portionless for so long that I fear I shall not know how to be have, with all this wealth at my com. mand.' " I do not believe you will have any diffliculty regarding the disposal of it," lMiss McAllister interpoecd, In a dry tone. "I am sure you deserve It all, my dear," Mr Holley replied, never once suspecting the point of the venerable spinster's remark. " There has been a sore spot in my heart ever since your marriage, that you were obliged to relin. quish that snug little income to which you had always been accustomed, though I admire Miss Wentworth exceedingly, and am very happy to serve her. But I was always fond of you, Mrs Arley, and I am heartily glad that you are to be indepen dent once more, while I admire your hus. band for having done this thing." Arley did not reply, but sat there ner. vously fingering that hateful roll of money, and wondering if she would have strength to remain quietly in her room until Mr Holley should get ready to go. It seemed as if she must scream, rave, wring her bands, tear her hair-anything rather than sit there and listen while he extolled Philip, without being able to utter one word of denunciation. It was torture to be obliged tacitly to assume that she was a happy wife, beloved and indulged to her heart's content, when all the while she felt almost too miserable to live. " Do you know that Arley has become quite an artist since she went away 1" Miss McAllister asked, surmising some thing of her wretchedness, and hoping thus to change the subject. "No. Is that so l" Mr Holley In quired. " Yes," Arley answered, eagerly seizing upon this now topic. "I took painting lessons in both Rome and Florenee, and have been quite successful. I. have two pictures which Sir Charles Herbert thinks worthy of being displayed at the exhibition this year." " Indeed 1 1 never knew that you had any taste for such work," replied her friend. "I always liked to draw and paint, but never discovered that I had any real talent that way until 1 went abroad," Arley said, with a slight flush. She wondered what he would say if he knew how she had discovered her talent. " Well, I shall surely go to see your pictures as soon as they are hung," he answered, gazing admiringly, and think ing what a lovely picture she herself made, sitting there In her pretty white cashmere morning robe, with that rich glow upon her cheeks, the knot of bright ribbons at her throat, and that tiny brone slipper just visible beneath her skirts. "How proud that young chap must be of her 1" he thought, repressing a sorrowful sigh, for he had laid his own fair young wife to rest many years be. fore, and his home had been desolate ever since. The conversation after that drifted npon indifferent topics, and nothing more was said about Philip until Mr Holley rose to go, when he remarked, smilingly: " Tell that hnusband of yours that I have fulfilled my, trust, and that I was never happier in the performance of a duty before." " You are very good, Mr Holley, I am s?ure, to feel such an Interest In me," Arley retirned,.dro6ping her lids to hide the strange glitter which sprang into her eyes; and Mr IHolley, after shaking hands with her and Miss McAllister went away, thinking how bright the world was for some, how cheerless for others. Arley returned to the parlor, after at tending him to the hall, but she was deathly white now. She went and stood by the mantel, and looked thooghtfully Into the fire. Miss McAllister, sitting opposite and knitting away for dear life upon a charity stocking, her mouth puckered into the hardest kind of a knot, watched her out of the corners of her eyes. "Well, Arley,' she said at length, becoming impatient at her lsilence. * " Well, auntie," Arley repeated, with the same intonation. " What are you going to do about it 11 -the money, I mean," with a glance at the roll still in Arley's hand, -q~ " If I could drop it Into the fire and that would end it, I would do it this in stant," she answered, with some spirit. " What can I do about it Z" she asked, wearily. "I don't know. I did think at first that his letter was all a sham-that he must have heard something about the 1mystery of your birth being solved, and was trying to wheedle himself into your good graces again," Miss McAllister said, without stopping to consider, If such had been his object, he had taken a very strange way to accomplish it, by confess. Ing so much more than was needed. " But," she added, "this income business looks a little as if he really meant to make you all the reparation in his power, though where on earth he ever got the money to settle on you is a puzzle to me." "You know Sir Anthony told us yes terday that he was overrun with bual. ness," Arley replied. "Yes; but it would take a man a long time to earn twenty thousand pounds, and he has never done that in the short time that he has been home. No, no, child, I believe that he's been gambling again-depend upon it, he never came honestly by it, and don't you touch it, don't you touch it," and Miss McAllister bristled aid over with righteous indigna. tlon at the thought. " I am sure I have no idea of using it," Arley answered, proudly, " but what shall I do with it P It is evident that no one mistrusts but that we are on the best of terms; but I cannot refuse to take these quarterly payments from Mr Holley without giving him some reason, and, auntie, I do not feel like doing anything to start a scandal involving myself." " You have no intention of ever return ing to Philip again ?" inquired her aunt, with a keen glance at that pale, pained face opposite her. " No, auntie, I could not with my pro. sent feelings. I have been wretched ever since the day of my marriage; a barrier seemed to rise between us immediately upon discovering that Ina was the real Arley Wentworth, and we have been almost like strangers from that hour." " Poor child I what a sad time you have had," Miss McAllister said, sym. pathlslngly. "LOf course, then, if you have such a dread of scandal, you would not feel like applying for a divorce I" Arley shivered. " Of what use would that be to me 1" she asked; "death alone would release me from my vows." " Well, well," you must live here quietly with as and let matters take their course," was the gentle rejoinder; " we will do all we can to help you for get, and you shall never want for anything while I have a pound left." " About this money," she added, a moment later, " If you don't like to refacuse it from Mr Holley, you can enclose it in an envelope and return it to Philip every quarter." "Yes, I could do that-at least for the present," Arley said, with a look of relief. "Of course, after awhile, when people come to see that we are never together, the truth will leak out, and then I can stop the payments." She went at once to act upon Miss McAllister's suggestion, and, with a hand that w s far from steady, she enclosed the sum Mr Holley had paid her, together with the twenty-pound note Philip had already sent her as interest on her hun dred pounds, in an envelope, directed it to him at his chambers, and sent It off at once. That evening Sir Charles and his mother called, and were most cordially received by Miss McAlliater. After introducing her aunt, Arley led Ina to Lady Herbert, saying, smilingly :. "This is the real Arley Wentworth, of whom I have told you, and whose golden slippers I wore so long." Her ladyship studied the fair face a moment, then said, as she took the gentle girl by the hand: " Well, dear, since you had to give them up, I am sure you moust have been glad to resign them to one so worthy." "Indeed I was," Arley replied, heartily, and then she presented Ins to Sir Charles. As she did so she noted the eager, admiring glance, which the young baronet bestowed upon her, and also the faint flush which stole Into the beautiful girl's cheek, and the shy drooping of her white lids after her first glance into his noble face. "They will love each other," she said to herself, with sudden conviction; "and, oh, how well fitted they are for each other-ho so grand and true, she so gentle and lovable." It did indeed seem as If her prophecy was likely to come true, for Sir Charles had neither eyes nor ears for anyone else throughout his call. He hardly noticed Arley after their first greeting, until his mother arose to go ; then he seamed to suddenly re member his errand there. "Mrs Paxton," he said, "I have suc ceeded in securing a place for your pictures at the exhibition." "So soon " cried Arley, astonished; but her face lighted with genuine plea sure. "It must be 'soon ' or not at all, you know," he returned, "for it opens to. morrow." "True. I had forgotten. How do they look1 Have they a good light I" "The best that they could possilbly have. I was very tortunate, and they present a fine appearance, I assure you. An artist," he explained, "was expected to bring two very fine pictures from Paris, but a telegram was received last night stating that they had been destroyed by fire, so the places reserved for them could be given to others. I was the first applicant this morning, and so secured the vacant space." " How sorry I am for that poor artist 1 It must be a terrible disappointment," Arley said, regretfully, then adding: "DBut yon are very good to me, Sir Charles; you have literally heaped favors upon me from first to last,"' "No, no; not so had as that, I hope," he said, laughing. Then, In a lower tone, and with a glance at Ina ; "You have conferred a favor upon me to-day. What an exceptionally lovely person Miss Wentworth is 1" "She is indeed-lovely in every sense of the word," and Arley bent an affec tlonato glance upon the young girl, for whom she was hourly acquiring a strong attachment. - - - - "I suppose thaI I-we may come to soe you again I" Sir Charles begged, with a somewhat consclous air. Arloy laughed a low, musical laugh; she could not help it, for very little had she had of his society during this visit. "Certainly you may-come as often as you likoe ; and," she added, with a msrchlevous twinkle in her eye which made him change color, "I have no doubt that you will receive a cordial wel. come from every member of the family." "Thanks. When willyou go to look at your pictures 1" he asked, to turn the subject. "Just as soon as I am a little rested," Arley said, with a sigh. The excitement of the morning had made her feel very Ilangluid and weary. " You are looking very tired, and we will not trespass longer on your strength Ito-night," Sir )harles said, and, with a baud-clasp all around, he took his leav3, followed by Lady Herbert. "You must come and stay a month with me, dear, just as soon as your friends can spare you," her ladyahip whispered in Arley's ear, as she kissed her at parting. "You have been with me so long, and I have learned to love you so well, I miss you sadly." " Thank you," Arley returned, with trembling lips. "I do not know what would ever have become of me but for you." "Some other fortunate individual would have secured your companionship, and I shonld have missed a great deal out of my life, 'responded Lady Herbert, cheerfully; and then, with another kiss, followed her son to their carriage. To be Continued. 