THE CRITIC. Who can undaunted brave the Critic's rage? Or note unmoved his mention in the Critic's page? Parade his errors in the public eye? And Mother Grundy's rage defy ? Parliament. — Parley-mint. * * * Latest gag : "Good morning ! Have you been inoculated ?" * * * Nearly 30 per cent. of those stricken by the plague have died — a terrible death rate. The Critic thinks that there is a good deal of sham around the recent sham- rock boom. Donny brook Fair: The latest Queensland leper, an aboriginal woman found at Donnybrook. An injustice to Scotland. Quong Tart held an official position at the St. Patrick's Day celebration. * * * The Civil servants now call Mr. Perry, Minister for Education, Mr. "Pry" for short — and other reasons. The "E. News" has a standing headline "Doings in Divorce." There is more "undoing" than anything else in divorce. Is it fear of the S.P.C.A. or be- cause the sport is the most disreputable of all, that makes the pigeon shooters so frequently assume "noms de shoot." Governor Beauchamp now declines to have anything to do with reporters. He says, "I cannot open my mouth without one of these pressmen putting his foot in it." * * * Balmain colliery disaster verdict: "Accidental death." And 'twill ever be so where the purses of the plutocrat come into collision with the lives of the proletariat. * * * The Critic does not in the least blame the Dublin folk for stoning the Lord Mayor's carriage. He has always been something of a time-server, and deserved all he got. The Orangeman's paper in Sydney is edited, printed, and published by a family named O'Neil. Shades of Rod Hugh and Owen Roe ! Has the red hand of Ulster come to this * * * In consequence of Prophet Russell's prophecy that New South Wales would be visited by a severe drought this season, the back country has become flooded owing to the heavy rains. Bucolic logic ! A Briton v. Boer argument out Budgee way, one day last week, resulted in the pro-Boer being dipped in a dam, since when he has shown a decided British tendency. Some people call Kipling tho 'Imperial Banjo Bard.' Seeing his Absent Mindcd B. and other similar compositions, would not a better title be 'The Scallawag Swaddles' Apologist ' ? A weekly eon t'mporary remai-ks: — ' That aldermon and mayors ought 10 ba compelled to pass examinations iu caaimon senso.' Many people would extend suth a regulation to certain silly editors. England was offered £500,000,000 for the recent war loan. And yet wo have fussy self- advertising humbugs cadging chil dren's pennies to help such a nation. Query : Have the humbugs an axe to grind ? ' An Absont-SIinded Beggar '? at Narrabri, who wanted a. new coat in a hurry, wired to Sydney for it, and pinned a sample of tho material to tbe back of the telegram form. — 'Bligh Watchman.' *s?Some of tho sale yards in the city where horses, sheep, cattle and pigs are sold should bo looked, after very carefully now. The Critio knows one or two, tho stench from which would kill at 1000 yards. * # ? The glorious British Euipiro is .now afflicted with the three most terrible scourges, famine, pestilence, and war. War in South Africa, famine in India, and pesti lence in Australia Vail over the shop.' Tho ' Merchant Prinoes of Sussex street ' conlplain that the quarantiuing of that locality will disorganise trade. To them, trade is greater than health and life. They think more of their purses than their pell. If it were not for his namby-pamby atylo and intensely' cu! chawed delivery, Willie Beauchamij's speeches would carry a vast deal more weight than they do ; for the matter is by no means lacking in evidences at mind. * ? ? The inhabitants of the public offices and courts at the top of King-street nro scared to death at the mortality among tho rats therein. They do well to bs afraid, for if they havo not plague, at least most of them have ' rats I'. DtmOKIC. One timo the man who ' smelt a rat ' Suspected friend or stranger, But now the man who smells a rat Will dread a greater danger. ? ? ? The sincerity oE tho Mayor's extra ordinary efforts to cloanso tho city is shown by the -way heap3 of refuse, garnished with (load rats, are allowed to lie in the lanes and courts, to fester and pollute tho air, for days at a time. A Charlers Towers pugilist named .Murphy, at that place lately, completely flattened out a 'coppsr' nimsd Beirne, who ha:l lo havu his head stitched up. It is considered by the few quiet citizens up that way to bo a Beirning shame. Some entrepreneur wanted to get hold of tho Exhibition Dull ling for promen ade concert and d.inco purposes. But it has been snared by the City Health Depart ment for inoculation purposes. And now lancing by day goes on instead of dancing by night. Tha quarantining o£ the wharves east side of Darling Harbor, is a terribly drastic, though proper step. It shows, however, tbat the authorities are waking up to tho seriousness of thing6, anrl droppiug the half meagurc3 with which they have so long dallied. ? ? * The insanitary condition of some back-yards and by-lanes of Surry Hilla points to a very grave neglect on tho part of tho authorities. Precautionary measures should be stringently enforced. Tha nan seating odors from tho3c places would make a polecat puke ! * * + It took the 'stiff consultations' o£ the 'Herald' two nights and a day before that paper decided that the appointment of Copoland as Agent--joneral \va3 a most suitable and desirable oie. 'Granuy' probably wanted to seo .how the diffarc',)? cats were jumping. Tho following is from tha ' S. If. Herald ' : — ' Wanted, a!i experienced l'attooer, for lady. Apply by IcLter, ? , G.P.O.' Tho fashionable lady now has her 'boy' tattooed on a pr-jminent part of the body ; and a coarse old sailorman is called in to do the job. Will Australia cv r proiucea Wash ington? Not while tho embryo 'father of tho country' gets five bob a day — with bully beef for his belly and kharki for his back — to aid in putting down another pooplo ' rightly struggling to be free,' as Gladstone said of the Soudanese. George Washington bsujan as leader of a Yankee contingent which helped England against the French. Query : Will our present contingentets help to form tho first Australian Republican Army? So far they havo shown nothing lite the grit necessary for. such a job. There is no doubt that the Early Closing Act is killing off the small suburban shopkeepers for the benefit of tho big uni versal providers. Consequently the recently advertised relationship bstveon tho boss provider anil a prominent member of the Ministry has set pcoplo talking. Tho Quirindi Boioueh Couucil has passed a host of resolutions praising Lyne for sending the troops away, praising the troops for fighting when they got there, and Lord Koberts for being a great general. Praised by Quirindi. Shades of Jacob and Joseph ! Here ba fame indeed ! Cecil Rhodes is the son of an Eng lish clergyman, and was sent to Cape Colony to die, it was thought, as he soenied to be hopelessly 'gone in consumption. South Africa gave him a constitution, and he is anxious to givo South Africa a constitution tion — the British Constitution — based upon boodlo ! An English statesman once said that Ireland, so long as it was kept poor, pro vided an excellent recruiting ground for the British Army. The same recommendation tells in favor of New South Wales froetrade. Not patriotism, but a job better than local labor market scale accounts for contingent enthusiasm. There is a striking — very striking contrast between tho amount of money con tributed to the Indian Famine Fund and that subscribed for the purpose of promoting the 'Boer war. The average British capi talist will shell out more coin to b: used for killing men than he will to keep bis fellow creatures from starvation. Ex-Australian Governors ara enor mously gratified by the patriotic action ol Ihsse provinces in coining forward to take a han;l iu England's struggles. One ox-Ncv South Wales Governor metaphorically pats his vnehbone aud says ' My doing 1' when tho Subject is mentioned. He thinks he won Australia over to true loyalty. I # ? * It is said that a racing offijial witli ' ' S ssiiety ' aspirations feels very much cm ? bcrrassed on hearing that passage of tht 'A. M Beggar' which roquosts the listener to tLiow a trifle iu the little tambourine) Tho racing official docs not care to ba re minded of tho days when ho earned an ' uuacst bron-n ' at tho tambourine, boaea, and burnt cork biz. * ? ? Cronje's ezile recalls Campbell's liaes. St. Uolona's dungeon keep (Scowls defiance o'ac tbe deep. There Napoleon's relic3 sloop. But sittfa those lines were printed Napoleon's remains wore transferred to Paris under tho most solemn and impressive 'The Bulletin' speaks of Irelanl as an excellent rocruiting ground for the British Army. Wrong. The many Irish men in the British Army havo principally joined in the English, Scotch, and Welsh manufacturing districts, whither they cross for employment. When strikes, etc., throw them out of employment in a strange land, they are glad to take 'the Queen's shil ling.' Cardinal Moran at- St. Patrick's celebration. Foolish was the contention that because Lord Roberts was a nativo of India he could not bo an Irishman. A man who was born in a stable was not a horse. (Laughter.) This argumont first used by Swift was unfortunate for the Cardinal's own case, because he had previously claimed Kitchener, who is Irish only by the accident Of birth. , ? ? ? This occurred ia an up-country police court a shart time ago : — P.M. (to witness) : 'You are committed to gaol for 24 hours for contempt of court.' ' Make it 21 years, your Worship,' was the next response. 'What do you mean, sir ?' de manded tho irate P.M. 'Oh, it will take mo that time to get over the amount of contempt I hold for this court aud your Worship '.' ? ? m Mr. W. Redmond, 3LP., recently asked the Firat Lord of the Treasury whe ther, in vie* of the almost complete with drawal of troops from Ireland, the Govern ment, would consider the expediency of ordering tho formation of volunteer corps throughout the country, following tho pre cedent of 17S2? In England and Scotland volunteering is encouraged ; in Ireland it is forbidden. Tho registry office swindle grows blacker with the hard times and the robluries of Castlereagh-strcct aro :i-. audacious and frequent as were those o Blaokhsath in the eighteenth century. Com plaints to T.VUTH are an every day occur rence, and it is about time that legislation was adopted to protect that useful class who are driven to patronise these thieving scoundrels. HoV Sydney has changed! Cou trast the loyal slush of to-day with the sturdy radicalism ot twelve years ago, when the 'naicosl people' made several attempts and used all kinds of stratagems bofore they could carry an address of congratulation tu the Queen. The failure of /he Labar Party, from which so much was vainly expected, has broken up the old spirit of Australiau Independence. At the Water Police Court on Tu s day last a man was fined £5 br one month's imprisonment for assaulting a constable At the same court a short timo ago*a man wss fined £1 or one month's imprisonment for walking into a hotel and throwiug a bottle at the barman because he refused to supply him with drink free of charge. Thus as on ? constable is to one barman, bo is fio to £1. Easy proportion. The outpourings of love and ad miration upon Paddy and his land, which we have witnessed lately, suggest a varia tion of a couple of Hues from Julius C.-usar : But yesterday and Ireland stood against tht world. Now noiio too high to do hor reverence. Buthow long will it lost? Probably only so long as necessity exists for Irish soldiers to offer their lives for England. Dick Seddon, the Imperialistic liberal Conservative Democrat of Maori land, has made more of the Boer war in the way of advertising himself and pushing his colony into Imperialistic prominence than any other patriotic colonial jingo Premier under the British flag. Dick may not want a title, but if he is offered the 'tairdn tinsel of a gilded coronet,' Uo might accept it, just to please the Missus. ^ Iho Fublic'Ssrvico Board was ap pointed to see that the applicant for a £1 a week clerkship could spell. But they should begin by sending their secretary Holliman to a night school. The following advertise ment was published over his name in the ' S. M. Herald' :— ' Applications are invited for tho position of . Watclunan in tho Public Whin's Department.' This is fol lowed by othor allusions to Vwharfs.' It is abont time that a Stats guaran teed and Staffed Servants' Home was estab lished in Sydney. At prosen^ women tem porarily out of a situation or who come f.-om the country to seek on?, liavi! nodecent placo to go to, and are compelled to ?? pig it ' at a cheap lodging house, oftan with room mates iwho havo a very limited comprchen . \ sion of the -laws of tneuirt and tuum, and whoso general moral tone leaves much to bo desired. * * * Ben Bridge, the Inverell horse- stealer, who escaped from Burke Town (Q) lock-up eight years ago, having pre- viously broken gaol at Murrurundi, is being escorted back from Westralian goldfields, where he was recently apprehended. Rather hard luck on a man who made such desperate attempts to regain his liberty. W.A. might well have been allowed to keep him. It's a very cold welcome he will re- ceive here. Rumor has it that if our local fleet the auxiliary squadron, were required to fight to-morrow they would bo ineffective by reason of their not having full ships' com panies. When any of the bigger boats no v go out for sho: practice they must draw on tho ships remaining behind to complete thoii' complement. Also one boat was to have been sent to Samoa when tha trouble tt-as oj), but for the fears that she would never get there. In Auckland the other day tho R.M. flatly refused to convict two women charged by a. constable and his confederates with sly grog selliDg. His Worship said that on their own evidence they had practised lies and conspiracy to secure a case, and he was satisfied they bad lied in the box. Here in Sydney our latest catch was made by a gang of police made up as Jack Tars ; but our magistrate convicted without a comment. * * ? Jester G:orjo Raid made tho most amusing speech at St. Patrick's banquet, and one gentleman remarked that it would pay ltickards to givo £10 a night just to come on and talk vaguely for ten minutes. Reid made something elso besides— viz., the most shameless bid for the Irish vots. It was too broad and glaring to take in the most artless omadhaun ; and intelligent iliek and Pat, and Terence aud Danis only laughed at him and winked at one another. Cows' milk has lougbsen ruco'nisad as a fruitful source of tuberculosis, and, certainly, after Alderman Norton's revela tions about tho Moore Park 'Tip' few Sydneyites would cara to drink it. Yet, when residents of Loichhardt and other ?suburbs keep a goat for the sake of a safe milk supply, the local 'stinkman,' yclept ths Inspector of Nuisances, comes like a thief iu the night, and slaughters the in. ofibasjro 'nannies.' Suuh a raid took place last week. The Opposition press is becoming tjuito reconciled to theLyno Administration, and tho '* Evening News ' speaks of ' our energetic Postmaster-Uoneral' and 'our h.ird- working Minister ' for Works,' and 'our patriotic Premier and Colonial Secre tary,' just as though tho Ministry were its chosen pets, placed in power by the public opinion which it had specially jducatod for tho purpose. As a matter of fact, public opinion has bsen educating the penny press, lately. Why aro the 'O;no authorities so aoxious for Australian Federation? Be cause it is a Btopping-stono to Imperialism. Ijaeensland's action over tile-Naval Do'.cncc Act convinced them that while tho colonials , wero separated it would be impossible to catch them all in the Imperial net. But, with Federation, Queensland would have boon voted down and forced to go with tho others. Hcucc tho 'travelling soldier,' General Edwards' famous scare mission and Pdrkcs' sudden conversion. ft » ' ? On tho London Stock Exchange, the Transvaal war loin stock is known as 'kharkis.' Hero are eomo specimens of finance slang : — 'Ales,' Allsop and Sons ordinary stock. ' Bags,' Jjuonos Ayres G. S. Railway ordinary. 'Caloys,' Caledonian Railway ordinary. 'Clarers,' Caledonian P.ailway ordinary. ' Dinahs,' Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway. 'Mails,' Mexican Railway ordinary. 'Megs,' Mexican Rail way preferred. 'Saras,' Manchester and Sheffield Railway ordinary, etc., etc There is much controversy over the proposal to remove the Abattoirs from Glebe Island to Flemington. The owners aud occupiers of the swell residences around Strathfield and Homobush are greatly upset at the probability of their pretty palaces being polluted by the proximity of a beastly slaughterhouse, though they don't object to mutilating Hyde Park by running a dirty puffing locomotive through it for their spe cial convenience, and for the purpose of increasing the value of their suburban pro perties. ' ?? » ? » Tlie 8;cretary of tlio Newcastle Miners' Association can't understand why s ) many minors in Now South Wales work for tho uiissrablo minimum wage, and why the rates should continue to rule in spite of the upper tendency in coal prices all over Europe. He should ask the Mine-owners' Association. Employers as a rule form a unifin lo protect themselves from tha 'exorbitant' demands, of the employees, and tlion p.'-oceeJ to cut Sao another's com mercial tbVoats by a system of savage competition born of much greed and little humanity, The Minister for Labor (Mr. Peny), ! in reply to a deputation asking that the Govoromeut would introduce- a Conciliation and Arbitration Bill, pledged tho Govern ment to pass a measure which would pre vent strikes and give the relief that the deputation asked for. Such a bill is in force in New Zealand, and has given satisfaction to employer and employee alike, and Eonie thing should certainly be dono in Now South Wales to prevent strikes and the misery attending them that wo have seen so much of. Mr. J. Curley, representing the Northern Miners' Association on a deputa tion to the Premier last Wednesday, asked Mr. Lyna about the establishment of a State coal mine ; but tbo Premier sa:il it meant a new order of things and could not then give a reply to tho question. Why not complete no -ialioni straight aw.iy ? A sort of Lane- made New Australia in New South Wales » Wo havo State railways and State farms and State trams, Why not State collieries anil State sausage factories ? Our old acquaintance, Stuart Cum berland, writing in a London magazine, compares Lord Roberts with Moltke. While allowing the superiority of Moltke he points out ono aspect in which Roberts has tho advantage. This is from his magnetic in fluence over soldiers, a quality possessed by Napoleon, but denied to Moltke and Wel lington. General Grant, in the American Civil War, expressed his regret that ho could not exercise this influence, in which General Sheridan was preeminent. Generals French and Dundonald, the cavalry men, must have a lot. Sydney tin atre-goors willremouibev that Louise Hepner, tho buxom loadinj lady of 'Tho Belle of New York Company,' came on as a demure Salvation lass, and then blossomed into a high-flyer. Some, thins --! l!ie kintJ I''8 li- ipp=iieJ off the stage. Hor husband, a rich wigmaker, accuses her of having gono wrong ijurinr ttie Australian tour with a member of tin; company named Leslie. J^ouiso H003 not deny the impeachmoiit, and asks hubby lo procui-o a platonic divorce in cm:i r.i. Ho refuses in a very bitter lottcr, so the divorce may co;ne on in public. Ti.e complete ratilication by tlio Imperial Parliament of tho Australian Com mouweallh Bill, and tan consequent con summation of Federation, appears to be almost as far off as ever. W. P. Reevos, tho shrcwJ aud shrivelle.l Agent-General for New Zealand, has probably received in structions from the Maoriland Government to obstruct tho passing of the luoasuro uulcss amendments are introduced which will enable outstanding States to come in or stay out according to their own sweet will, and the delegates now iu London have un doubtedly got a big job on hand. Two small items containing 17 tons of food for reflection. Paragraph in ' S.M. Herald' : ' The Queensland Agent-General has cabled tbal the steamer Jumna is leaving London at the end of this month with over 400 immigrants of various vocations.' Ail vertisement in Sydney 'K. News' : ' Wife's Handbook, illustrated. Latest on Limiting Population, Is. ? , ? .' While Queent-- land is importing people to populate its province, tlio dirty penny press of ' Sydney is doing its damnedest to eilucato tho peoiilo of New South Wales in the arl of limiting its population by procuring abortion and practising prevention ! Premier Lyno has grouted per mission to Kang Yew Wei, the cmin»nt Chineso statesman, to travel through Xoiv South Wales and study the workings of our institutions, witiiout any poll tax restric tions. In view of this decision, it would be well for the authorities to remember that the Chinese crow of a stHamer deserted their vessel at New Zealand recently, wberou]-on. the skipper or the agents wore compelled la part up the customary pall tax : — King Yen Wei Will bo hero eomaday With i.ia Chinese retinue'bihind him, And Hoibcr/o f uree Should follow his courso £0 that thoj'ii tuoK whereto fiud him, ? ? * The Cooljardio ' Pioneer ' o£ March 3 solemnly remarks : ? Ou SuBuay lnorninz a church parade of the Coolgvrdio police took plooa. Fifteen oou stablcs, undor thj direction of Coroorul Sullivan, who is in charge of the local police station during the temporary sbaonoa of Snb-iosp:otor Sollenger. in P-rth, tnardied down Biyloy -street and thouco to tho churahas of tho various denominations to which the men belonged. Tho ooouion for the parade wai to offer up prijors for tui British soldiers in South Africa. The spectacle of a whole fifteen coppers going to church must have been in itself a vastly impressive one. But going to JWy I Grojl Fosbory ! . One of Sydney's public hospitals pos3cB30s a telephone attendant whoso com fortable, easy- going ways1 would secure him champion honors in a ' don't worry'1 society. A friend of a patient, ringing up to enquire how tho sufferer was progressing, received & reply, 'Ob, just as usual,' so promptly that suspicion was arouBed that the attendant had not thought it worth while to find out '| Then he was tested. ' ? How's so-and-so,' J naming someone else, was the next question. | Back came tho answer, ' First rate, doing % well-will be out in a few days.' 'I am % glad to hear that,' replied the enquirer, '-4 ' but your reply is more cheerful lhanaccu- I rate, for ho left the institution a week or | two ago.' Attendant rang off hurriedly. | There are occasions when politics .' and patriotism won't dovetail nohow. Dr. ?:? Zillman, who is going to America to assist .^ liryau the Democrat in his candidature for i tlio Presidential seat, was tended a send-off .^ by tlio New South Wales Silver League and -* a lot of Sydney Patriotic wav-whoopers ; recently. It can easily be imagined that sundry patriotic speeches were made on tho occasion. But perhaps our patriots were '^j not aware that Bryan is making a stepping. . 5 Et'jne of tho unti- Britisli feeling at present ;?'-,' existing amongst a large number of A-Uicric;\us, and is prostituting his Demo- j cratic principles aud his silver craze by J blending tho two with a strong mixture of - pro-Boer blither. And this is tho man our y patriots have sent Zillmu.11 to assist. Hats ! It is questioned whether the elephant, dog, horse, goose, ot rat is i. tho most intelligent creature next to man. 'V Rats have been seen walking in procession '$j along a ship's hawser from tho wharf to M attack a cargo of wheat. Everyone knows % they desert Kinking ships. A rat will lie on hi6 bick, clutching an egg, while another rat drags him away by the tail. A Swede exhibited a great number of performing rats in Paris. In the midst of their show a little girl threw a piece of bun amongst them. ^ Tho proprietor said : ' Thoy will act no tnoro to-dav y it is only hunirer makes them '* do it.' A Russian, M. Uouroa', more re cently delighted tlio Parisian? with an v': astounding troupe of 250 performing rats. Ho used to lie in bed all day with his \ beloved rats swarming over him. He kept o. number of cats among them, and the cats j and rats worii tiuitc iii'cc.liou^lc. 5 Tho ' EipeiiOr,' now edited by J% George Black, i-x-M.L.A., on;*: 'The city '% M.I', who drives a trap saves time :.;.?* j money. It is the only nay to kee;j ti:o J cadgers nt bay. Tiiey stick raea up f r i boose in the mi.ldle of the night.' ? This ^ reminds us that ISlack, wheu dumber for 1 Gipps, used drive a pony aud trap; aud j 'Brolly Hughes i!oc3 the sar.i=. Their- ex- 4 member gives the Cijips electors a nico & character — a constituency of beet-chewing fi cadgers. |j Wlicn the free airl ri.K-psn.fontvjtera * \- trivo thrir M.L.A. for prieo t.f booze io tap, J 'i'lien aliouM puro ejector iry tu b.il)y him a.ai S b-idpcr, 3 While they boast f.iomsclves too good to -J tnfcoa'irib:-, jj Eyes upon the virkrai bcca-:p:a--theca.i!gar, 39 Without coin— j-ct e-.er willing to imbibe. 'a THE MILLIONAIRE aud THK '-1 MKXDICaHT. Ji A Parable of the P-rsii axq i'ue Pooe. -11 It was up aiar in tho M ill: y W.1T, *| Where the spirit;, rclcawci from mortal clay, e|| Wing hopefully on their ttsrward ilight -? Unto that gate of diiiziir.g light ; M Where stern, but just., the janitor, II .St. Peter, keeps Id oa veil's crystal door, jgj That a Mendicant's Spirit with, timid air aH Encountered the soul v.i a MiU.onairc 'M Tiic Wraith of Dives looke I smug and sleek, '3 As though, to find, he had but to seek. j| Asi-le the modest sp.-ctre shrank M Before the ghost who had owned a bank; Si And as ho passed, said th: millionaire : 39 ' {hie Hiailefat'.ea Tana dan* errls gn&ert; ? M On earth you never wore worth a pin, 'sK ; Aud a pauper can scarce cb aught hut sin ) '« H takes a man with £ e. fl. Jg To win Heaven's gate by charity.' -JB The Mendicant sighed a ghostly eig!i, jffl Like a bree/c's echo passing by, JB As he bowed his head with a humbled air, JK And answer made to the Millionaire . &M; '?'i'is true on earth I could not save, 'Jg Hut when I could I freely gave ']? A little sou unto tho poor — Wm Tn-as all I had— I could no more' 3pJ Tho Millionaire, with raucous crow, *JS Laughed loud, ' Is that all you could go V '3M Ten guineas I to the Empire gave ^H To help the widows of the brave, Jaj Five thousand times as much ! Farewell, Safl Hcav'n opes to mo ! You go to Hell, ' sB The Mendicant shrank him aside — |19 The Millionaire passed on in pride gU And .confidence to Heaven's gate, _SH Convinced that he'd not have to wait |H The Beggar stood with lowered bead !8H When to him thus St. Peter said :— 'fl| 'Thy gift woB small, a paltry eou, J9J But what it cost yon Heaven knew, ^B And trifles when they're freely given jsS| Find favor in the sight of Heaven. -3H The act was free and nobly done — 9M Take thy desorv'd reward — pass oa't* i9 ? » JM St. PcUr then with frowning air ' -t|9 Thus epake unto the Millionaire ;— ^IJ 'Five ihoutiind times h.r. paltry gift ' JH Ton gave from out your hoarjed thrift ; - j^M Yot his outweighed five thousand fold ~ ^§J Thy more than piitry dolo of gold. i^^l Had'st tliou five thousand pounds bestowe6V'J«H It scarce ha 1 less'd thy gol Jon load. jilH ' Hit gi it in charity was made, liSH Whilst yiiius, when in Iho balance weighed, 'j^^H Is five— ten thousind tiaioi nioro light -'^^H Than his poor Ron in Hta.v,on's sight. 'HijSflfl His talent small he used right nvoll d^HH Be merits Heavcu— J -w go to Hell 1 ? ^S^H — 'Melbourne Punch.* 3^M 