A MEMENTO OF THE CRIMEA. A gentleman has left with us a copy of d 'Bonn of Prayer and Thanksgiving to Al mighty God' lor tbe successes obtained by the British troops and their allies' in the uimea, and especially lor the capture or Sebrtstopol. This form was issued in 185.' to all Churches and Chapels ? in England and Wales, and reads as follows :-'OXord God Almighty, the Disposer of all human events, in whose hand is nower and migh; which none is able to withstand: We, Thine unworthy servants, desire to- ap proach Thy throne- with the ? tribute- of praise and thanksgiving. We ? bless' ani magnify Thy name for the suocesaee gran ted to our countrymen, and- the armjea al lied with them, now engaged in a mighty warfare, and defending the rights and indc pendence of nations: and especially for tha signal victory by which the- ttronghold of tbe enemy has been overthrown. -. We ack nowledge, O Lord, that the wisest coun sels, and the strongest arms, without Thee, cannot but fail: for Thine, O Lord, is the greatness,' and the power, and the victory, and the majesty; and, therefore, not unto ix, .0 Lord, not unto us, but unto Thy name, be all praise and glory ascribed. Con. tinue, we beseech Thee, Thy favour to the allied forces, both by sea and land: L-t not tbe glory of their progress be stained by ambition, or sullied' by revenge; but let Thy Holy Spirit support them in danger, , control them in victory, and raise them above all temptation to evil And grant that this, and all onW successes, whicn have crowned the bravery and rewarded the endurance of our armies, may. issue in the return of peace,' and the restoration of Christian brotherhood among nations. Fi nally, O Lord, we entreat Thee «o to dis pose and turn our hearts that Thy mercy, now manifested towards us, may engage u-* to true thankfulness, and mcKne us, as a Nation, to walk more humbly and devout ly before Thee, by obeyin' Thy holy word, by reverencing Thy holy day, and by pro moting throughout tbe land the knowledge of TSiee, the only true God, and of Jewn Christ whom Thou hast sent. To whom, with Thee and the Holy Ghost, be all hon our and glory, world without end. Amen. Messrs. Duncan & Fraser, the well-known manufacturer* of this city, are en quiring if there is a tlbaiicc of obtaining an' order from' the .Wur Office authorities in England for tbe supply of transport wagons for tbe South African campaign. A day or two ago a cable mes sage was received stating that England had declined to purchase American wagons for the troops became the authorities feared that such a course would lead to other na tions objecting to the subjects of a neutral Power being employed in aaawting in the war, and affirmed that only British-made wagons would be used. Immediately this was made public, a leading firm waited upou Mr. Duncan and asked for his permission to communicate to the home authoritien his willinirness to supply the wagons. Mr. Dun can, however, having no pattern to work upon, refused the oner, but put himself in communication with manufacturers in the other colonies with a view of aacertainina whether they intended to do anything in the matter. He learned in answer to hii enquiries that the Sydney Chamber ol Manufactures had made an offer to tbe miti tary authorities of the old country, but m. for they had received no reply. Mr. Dun can is of the opinion that the manufacturers of Canada will obtain all the orders, as they would be able to turn out the wagons more quickly than the Australians. HOBART, January 4. Pontifical requiem mass was celebrated at St. Mary'* this morning for those killed in the. war. Archbishop Murphy presided. Dr. Delaney, Coadjutor Bishop of Hobart, was celebrant His Excellency the Gover nor, Viscount Gormanston. Admiral Pear son, the Chief Justice, Sir John St. D. Kell Dodds, the Premier. Mr. Lewis, and the Minister of Lands, Mr. Mukahy, were amongst those present. 