THE WIZARD OF WHITE rcopyright.] a WEIRD. STOKY ©F T H E DISCOVERY ©F THE H U S f R H U H N ©PftL FIELDS. AN AUSTRALIAN NOVEL. ^ PART XIII. * BY CAPTAIN LACIE. There was something diabolic in the att'ack-of'missiies and rocks, which almost unnerved the men. The huge projectiles were' being hurled by unseen hands, and that aroused the superstitious fears of the.party. Had: it not been for.the.exampleof Allan Fitzgerald-)! is certain Ais followers would have retreated. The . huge Irishman, though strangely superstitious in many respects, was cool and self-possessed in.- the :face of. physicaldangervand>he :iquickly realised that in,the present instance it was human- foes he had to deal with. His keen -eyes also detected, that the stones were being rolled from one point through the intervening scrub. There was a sorb .of eyre about one hundred and fifty: feet above them, and the wizard concluded that this was thgrStroDghold-of the strange foe; To this^siat "he directed attention, and dividing- his followers, called upon Captain: Barrass and his men.to approach the spot. vv - . The six men thus formed a semicircle, and despite the Shower of stones, managed to close in on the almost inaccessible spot which Fitzgerald concluded wasthe base of operations.: Within twenty minutes from the start the buslimen stood on a small ledge of rock facing a curiojis formation against the back wall.. There was no need to speculate on how it was formed, for a wild, gaunt, uncouth beitigr scarcely human in appearaace,: stood at the low entrance of a rudely- formed stone hut, gesticulating fiercely and brandishing an old battered musket menacingly. - ' Great heavens! that cannot be Sutcliffe ?' exclaimed the captain. 'Sutcliffe ? 'Tis nothing like.him.' Shure this misfortunit divil is three inches taller.; 'Tis some: pooh- madman, glory be to God, an" ,-we can't lave him here,' replied Fitzgerald. ; This -opinion was quickly -formed by the whole party, and arrangements were made to secure the maniac; Each of the men tried in turn to, sooth the wild outcast, but -their efforts were'in. vain. A length a simultaneous rush was made, and the unfortunate wretch overpowered. In the rough stone. structure were found skins of wild animals- and a : quantity of uncooked wallaby meat-. There was not the .slightest sign, that • a fire had €ver been kin'dled in the place, and, in fact* there never- had been. i. When the- strangely-found outcast : —who so far had not spoken—found that he was being kindly treated, he. ceased struggling. 1 One of the party gave him a piece of tobacco, which was greedily seized, and" soon the hermit of the peak became tractable: enough. . It might .b&here; mentioned that the: person thus .strangely: discovered: was an escapee• from - St. Helena penal establishment, and had been at largemore than four -.years;-His name was Edward Parsons,- and when «Barrass-s party gave him up to the- Government the influence of .the captain was sufficient to get ttim a free .pardon." His solitary life rand-sufferings^ , however, had impaired'his mind so arniebthat thereafter he' became an inmate of a benevolent instituiipn in- Brisbane. Ashortdiscussion.-wasnowheldas to the course to be taken. It seemed clear enough that the white man they had found was the one-spoUen of by the blacks, but at length it - was decided to spend another day search-; 'tig the. -district where the supposed smoke could be seen. That was the \- spot where Qaeloo said the object of the quest was. This being decided on, Fitzgerald . and young Barrass-took the prisons between them,, with the captain in front and the others behind, and the descent was easily enough made. When the foot oi the peak was reached, the.iileadet.-having -Carefully laken his bearings,..lieaded- towards the spot where the .smoke had been noted... It was a : task almost beyond their powers to press through, for in places the jungle ..was* actually impassable, and detours had to be Wade to get round. 1 , At last a stream larger than any yet fflet at the peak was reached, and being-fordable in places, advantage was taken of it to go southwards wBither it led;- They had not proceeded far when a dull sound smote their ears, and- they stopped to listen. Hitherto the rustling of4rhe scrub.and: the breaking away vof the jungle had prevented them hearing :much beyond the immediate vicinity,- .but in -the water it was different. * .' That is the sound of falling water, lads. It is the place told us "By Queloo where the white man is, and over there the fire must be of which we saw the smoke,,'..whispered Captain Barrass; as he listened with - beaming face. At last thep were on the verge of second discovery, they, thought. .: That the captain was right there could be little-doubt^T-that is, so -far -as the cause of the. sound was concerned. .-•:-.,-.-...-• .. - As they slowly forded downwards it became- certain that a cataract was not farahead, and probably it was in the stream they were following. Two hundred yards:more and that fact-was also proved; for a turn in the rivulet brought them within-view of the .falls themselves, and very pretty they-were. s A sheet of water quite thirty feet broad, and about-five feet in- depth tumbled over a ledge of rock into a basin more than twenty .feet -below. The mists rising from it formed ever varying hues of rainbow colours^ but the beauty of the scene hatjtno charm* for the' men. All they saw was the spot mentioned by 'Queloo as the locale of the mysterious -white man, j supposed to-be Abel Sutcliffe,: killed two years previously. -.:• It was Christmas Eve when this • was sighted, but none of the bushmen •gave a thought to anything save their immediate surroundings. From -the point they were at no sign of a native camp could be seen, but that was of little consequenee, as -a thousand men might be.coricealed within-half a mile of ; them without attracting attention. - Wading out of the stream they labourously cut through the jungle, and at last, within, half an hour, they came, abreast • of the beautiful falls. The sun sinking in the western heavens was piercing the mist with a thousand slanting beams; and -the sight was so truly, magnificent that-for a few .minutes it entranced the searchers,: -and Captain Barrass exclaimed that he had never seen finer spectacle during his world-wide travels. .The fascination was quickly dispelled, however, and all set about tbe^ real object of the expedition. :.-. There was nothing in the vicinity to dej^ite that a native camp was near, but after a hasty survey it was surmised that further down in the valley would be found the muchdesired spot. In fact,' the jungle around the falls was too dense to permit a comfortable camp, to be formed by either blacks or whites, and that was so plain that no sense of disappointment was experienced by any of the party at :the failure. Some" of the men had probably expected to see the white stranger -standing beside the cataract waiting for them, but a glance round showed -the foolishness 1 ofthe expectation. . - ' We must be" cautious now, boys, an' maybe that queer - fellow will: ate his tay wid us this night.::••• Come along",'.said Fitzgeraldas he i|ed ihe -way below_ the falls- towards a point in the valley-which appeared to be comparatively free from jungle.: ' We've lost sight of the smoke,' :iemarfced young Barrass to his father and the Irishman as they went ^lowly -down. ' We'll come across it again. Don't be too anxious, my boy,' returned the captain, who was really the most anxious of the party. - . 'I believe it was the mist from the falls, and not smoke at all, we saw," ;persisted:yoUng Barrass. !'• \- ' Eh ? Yes, perhaps you-are right, Charley, but that doesn't make much difference. On .a blazing hot day like*, this we . needn't expect",-to" find many fires. IPs the man we want to find and not the fire—the reality:, and not' the rshadow,' philosophically answeredthefather.:;- \- VMother,> will- have a -big fire, at ©olai-;. to-day. "This ^s Christmas Eve, father, and they'll.be cooking all. sorts of good things,' grumbled Charley, as - the - pang of hunger afflicted him. - . 'Lordbless me, so it is! Well well! .1 say, Allan, this is Christmas Eve, and only once before did I ever spend it on such short rations. That was during the siege of ' -•• J Ye'll be frightening tbim away; captin, if ye talk so loud,' roughly interrupted Allan, cutting short the military, man's reflections.. In this way they proceeded for more -than-half a- mile tintilthe clearer portion of the valley was reached, but not a vestige of human habitation could they see. To make matters worse night -was falling,/ and they were all worn out' In fact, they could not hope to tio-anything further that day, and having reached a -suitable spot, the-best course to pursue would be to camp. -••-. ..--•• .:••:• This was at once agreed to, the hope being-expressed that something might be .seen during the night: which would indicate the position of the blacks which Queloo said would be found in the neighbourhood. -.. Tbey must put a curb on tbeir.anxiely until morning. The worst of it was they were so near the end of the quest, or, rather^ the- object of their search was so near them that Fitzgerald would nothear of a firt being lighted. ' Do ye want to ruin us entoirely, lads? Shure-ye might as-well fire off the guns at once an' tell the crathurs we are here waitin' for thim.-- Don't ye see a fire would be the signal fojr. thim—the. red light av danger—an' they'd see it in foive minutes,' he expostulated. ' We can drink cold water, boys; Many a time . I have bad water to drink after a hard day's match. We have a little to eat, and as it' is Christmas : Eve we : can- fill^. our stomachs in 'imagination by telling! each other yarns of the years of plenty,' -cheerfully replied the old campaigner, Baixass. .Theicaptain's good spirits were contagious, - and considering the'! disabilities, a much more pleasant night was spent , than might be expected. : The rations were small and the cheering.; pannican of tea muchmissed;. There was one hopeful outlook, and that was the fact that next day . would surely see the end of the quest. At day break all hands were astir, and from tlien until sunset a vigorous but fruitless search maintained. So far as the men could find, there did not appear to have been a human being in the vicinity since the creation. One thing was now certaih, and that was the necessity for giving up the search. ,--. The food taken by the from the cottage was exhausted, and the men must depend on the guns for the wherewithal to keep body •' and : soul together. Under .the circumstances it was decided to make for home at daybreak nextJay. , They were not less tha-nvfipty miles from; Mount Pluto, and the journey in such coun try would occupy at least two "ays. \- In fact, it was the morning of the 28th December, 1873, when.the ragged and worn-out expedition, with their strange prisoner, entered the clearing which surrounded, "the little cottage, and never was a sight more welcome.:.;. Captain Barrass gave a loud hurrah as the partpstepped from the scrub- into the open. The next moment every man stopped short in speechless astonishment,; and little wonder they did. Standing at the door of the cottage was the form of Abel Sutcliffe himself, the weird strangec to seek whom tliey bad endured a- week of privation and hard labour. In a few moments the man reported as long 'since dead was joined-by -Nora and Mrs.Fitzgerald, while the two station-hands emerged ' from . the tent to join their greetings with the inmates of. the cottage. , . Mute .with surprise, - the six seekers stumbled rather than walked to the house to seek a solution of the mystery. There was a grave look on the faces of. both motherland daughter - which Allan did not'iail to notice: as -he came up and stood in' front of Sutciiffey who claimed his first attention. Back from the grave, Abel, it seems. ; You're welcome, anyliow,' he said. Yes,' was the monosyllable reply which-the Tecovered man gave in a curiously : ; constrained i.;manner; though the ghost of a smile parted his lips, and he seemed grateful for the warm hand-grasp which Allan gave him. ..' Don't waste time in talk now. Come in and have. something to ate and dhrink, for ye all look famished,' commanded Mrs..-Fitzgerald imperiously, looking rather curiously at the stranger; and ihey were all' glad enough to - obey the; order, burning with curiosity though they were to hear the -story of Sutcliffe. Hunger, and:•• thirst: were soonsatisfied, and then Mrs. Fitzgerald said: : 'Nora has somelhin' to say to ye, friends, afore Abel spates, and; that will give^^ ye- a better- idea- ofwhat follows* •-.: ' Nora!' repeated the captain. ' What-has happened to' her since we left ? Oh,- I- suppose she discovered -Sutcliffe while we were hunting in all sorts of imaginary places; for: him/ : replied Captain Barrass, •«She'll tell ye all. gintlemen," was: the mother's response. . = - : - To BE CONTINUED. 