TOLD FROM THE PULPIT. - (THE CnURCH-00osR.) SPIRITUAL LIFE AND. DEATH. LAsT Sabbath evening, at the Wesleyan Church, the Rev. W. Y. Blackwell preached from II Corinthians 5-19: " God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto Himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them: and hath com mittel unto us the word of reconcili ation?' The preacher designated the text as " the message of the gospel preacher." Paul said that all men were in need of salvation. If Christ died for all, then it logically follows that all the world stood in need of the ransom. People are alive spiritually only when they are doing the will of God on earth as the angels do in Heaven-cheerfully and obediently. The spiritual death is opposite to this-separation from God; a life out of harmony sad not per forming the lofty object for which it was sent into the world. Many people live and walk about, but all the while they are dead to the grand purposes for which God created them. The preacher illustrated his meaning by showing that an engine may be work ing, its wheels whirling and all its parts in constant motion, but if it be out of harmony with the machinery it is supposed to drive, not connected with it, then it is practically dead, for it is not fulfilling the object for which it was intended. Spiritual death is rebellion against God. So long as a man is not doing the will of God, so he cannot receive blessings from God. The implication from the text is that we need reconciliation. There can be no two opinions about God's exclusive right to us. If we rebel against God we invade the territory of God. Every man that is disobedient to God is a rebel, and such is a re bellion not only the most wicked, but also the most foolish that the world can conceive of. We say by our actions, if not by our words, that we will not have God to reign over us, yet God could by one syllable from His lips consume the whole world and its inhabitants; But He is a God of mercy, infinite pity, long suffering. God was in Christ Jesus, reconciling the world to Him self. He sent out to the world the white flag and offered us an armistice. He sends out His ambassadors to-day, committing unto His ministers the work of reconciliation. God is love, but God is justice, and it is not because He is vindictive that He must be pro pitiated. but because His justice must be upheld. Jesus Christ came into world not to appease God's wrath, but to represent God's love. God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost- the whole God-head- joined in the sacrifice on the cross. Sin is all sin- murder, lying, stealing are merely branches of sin; but the sin of all others is rebellion against God. God is in the Holy Spirit, God was in Jesus Christ, and God. is in His ministers to-day - reconciling His people to Himself. The preacher showed that it was necessary to bring a sword into the world to bring ultimate peace. Our own empire, after repeated attempts to establish peace, was at last forced to make war to retain her prestige, so God most make war with the world to maintain His kingdom in the world war to bring peace. There are some who will never com'e to peace untirwar is made upon them. It was a grand day for us when God made war upon us--and conquered. -Some might have trusted to their wealth, and entrenched themselves around with supposedly strong fortifications, but when left helpless and naked, and deserted by friends, they began to call upon God. But God conquers to save; wounds to makealive; touches us because He wants us. If we are determined to fight against God He gives us more than we want, and we are at last glad to sue for peace. He touches us upon the spot we most pride, and it only needs His touch to bring us unto our knees. There are some stubborn rebels will never surrender-for them there is only destruction left. God's mode of reconciliation is-that he does not impute our trespasses to us. He will forget our rebellion, and lay all our sins upon Jesus Christ, who sacri ficed Himself for those sins. He who knew no sin bore upon the cross the sins of others. Like mountains our sins reach to heaven; but mercy is above the sky, and all will be forgiven. He (the preacher)was an ambassador of God. He stood in the pulpit not to speak his own words-ambassadors hove no right to do that-but to speak God's message of reconciliation to His people. If any man be in Christ Jesus he is a new creature, and it is not necessary to carry on the spiritual war any longer, but to sur render at once, lay down our arms, and be reconciled to God. 