MdiPQOO fey Biobop ©taQBdaorOo We quote from the ' Goulburn Evening Peony Post r' that portion of Bishop Chalmern' address at tbo opcmn£ ; of tho Church of England Synod on Tuesday that reUtea to tho very troublesome question of niiurch of England. SpcaL* ing on recent agitations in the thuich the Bishop o»id .—'These e-it^.tion:. I am thankful to cay, teem to have abated in Enplacd, indeed for the timo to have almos, c---'d. Tho uar in South Africa nan turned men'e rnindo to deeper and graver .ssuea than disputed poioto of eeien-.onial. i-at nby ohould disputes on cnch oil? Becauco, ca 170 all Unotr, \\.ithm_tho palo of tbo Church oi England, ever onco the Reformation of tho lGth esatnry. there havo been two divergent schools of t-iough ? \--those whoso sympathies I ??Catholic' and those whose syiapsthiea I will call 41 Puritan.' By # C-sthohc I do not mean Roman, but that ivhtch is pnrnuive that which the ancient undivjdtd^ church believed and practised. Tne . terms Catho lie ana -twrnau ? ? contradictories. By ' Puritan I mean that system of religion idtaa «hvch came xn to prominence at the Reformation pud hi C ita p'aoe ever fiir.ee in Christian though . Attached more or lesa closely to each ot these two broad and inclusive oeetions ot Knclon tjnurcnmiuinuip ?= ?». tremiata, whose loyalty to the Church ao eonatituted under the Ueformjtioa settle- | ment io somewhat open to question. One of these baods of extremists — that which is moat in touch with the Catholic aide— has during the list few yearo introduced into public worship certain observances which are said to bo distinctively Ronan. They have been opposed with much bitterness and como violence by the extremists 00 the other side ; not only eo, but tbo great central body of churchmen 011 either oitie haa awotc to a cenco that unauthorised practises and Romerrard tendencies should bo firmly checked. It h*3 been well pointed out by vrritera on the Catholic side that that which i3 modiceval is not piimitivo and that which is Roman in probably not Citholic. Tno English Episcopate has tiUcn th« matter in hand i.nd with good effect. A few irreconcil able3 otill cot up their private judgment n^aintrt lawful authority, but the nwjor part of tho cntremioto on the Catholic sido have submitted to the godly admonition of their Bishop?. I have had coroo forty years' ex [ patience of variuim types of churchmen, and I rc^ird it an oimply ludieroua that any r/cli-lnformed man wbo io not Winded by nrciudice ohould really bauevo tna& cue Catholic cide in the Church of Eogland have c.uy 11 cscrot' desire to malic the Church Eomsn. They may emphasise, on occiaioco oomewhat otrongly, thoso Catholic elements v/hich aro inherent in the Church'o con otitution i but tlicro they stop. When tho Church wao packing through one of ita darkest hoars of peril ainco tho Reformation, ia tho roign of James II., who, I would aslx, v/oro oontont to go to prison ond risk the loss of nil things rather than concent to o Royal mocsuro which was designed to favour Romanbm ? Let tho history oi England ; maho anawor. Men of this typo, for mora than a doaon generations, havo lived faith fully end died joyfully in the Communion of tho Church ; and by the graea of God, for eu rusay generations moro cs cliall live oa tho earth till tho Lord como, the oame typo of Chnrchmoa will bo no leca content so io livo and co to dio. Tho ' Oxford move ment ' (an it io callo3 may have mado ito mistakes and had its failures— it may otill have it3 c'.:crc::c:;t'.c::! ; but a movement which the over- rnling Providence of God hao mado uco of to ehango tho faco of the Church of England, that haa turned _ apathy into earne3tcc:a and deadnecs into life, that has put an end wherever its inQuenco his reached to uncared-for churchcs and ccanty and olovenly services, and haa taught men to worship God daily in the boaaty of holiness, o movomcnt that has brought homo to multitudes 01 vnu ' --r . . ?r ' duties and responsibilities and inspired them to fulfil them, that has restored tho Sacra mcnts of Christ to their ancient and nghUal place in the household of faith, and year by year proclaims, in duo order and cequenco, tho life-giving trutha of Hio holy gospel, ouch a movement, I cay, i3 at least worthy of mcn'o respcct and should be cecuro from their suspicions and rovilingo. Whatever our individual opinions may bo ao to tho methods adopted by como few of_ its ouDEOrtsro, I ohould regard myself an faith ess to tho Church'o Divmo Head if I tailed :o recogulso tho quickening poorer of _ tho tloly Ghost worhinc iu it and through it as truly as in any of the spiritual revivals that havo pr seeded it. For raysolf, go long as I havo reason to bolievo that a man is loyal to Holy Scrinturo end tho prayor booli, I hove no desiro, not io it my duty, to pry too clnsoly into hio psroonal convictions on ques tions which aro moro or leso open questions. I have too clear a perception of the breadth ond tolciQuco of tho Church of br, gland and of its earnest desire to embrcce within its foia all who hold tho faith of the three Catholic creeds, which ' may he proved by most ecrtiin warrants of Holy Scripture,' and who Iovo and servo tho Lord .Tcoua Christ in sincerity oi heart. Wo want no cast iron uniformity of thought and devotion, such as the UnurCIl OI ivomu avcuo «» uuutr the guioe of unity. Nor do I thinlt diversity of opinion on secondary matters to be in all cases an evil. Sometimes such diversities aro a distinct advantago and furnish tho needed impulse to wholesome improvements. If tho evangelical 'innovations of a hun. dred ycara ago had not been repressed, by tho strong arm of authority the followers of John Wosley would probably havo never csparated from us. Let us learn to be tolerant. Lot U3 eschew a spirit of ous picion and alienation, and cultivate a apirit of brotherly Itindness and charity towards all who cro loyal to tho Church and show by (?hnli- v7fir]rn t.hnt thev have a r'rp.l fnr itn welfaro. Lst us remember tho important points on which wo all agree and tho identity of tho aim for which wo all profcEs to bo labouring. Eeliovo mo tho timo io coming to us all when, by God's mercy, 170 ehall lcavo bshiud us tho mints 0! our ignor. anca ond our imporfcct epprohonsiono of divlco truth, and in tho light of tho Eternal Throno shall loot: back with wonder, perhaps with something liko ohamo, on tho earthly narrowness and pstualcacs which here kept csucdor thoss who aro fellow-hoira of tno Grace of Life. Tho annuel meeting of tho society, which has comotimc3 boon hold during tho cession of Synod, ho had deferred till. Ictar on in tbo year. Thoy \7outd ba pleased to hear that Hio Escslleney the Governor hod Ijindly promised to honour thorn with hio prcssnco cu that cceasion. Woodo' Great Poppsrmint Cure for Congha cndColus novor fails, lo Cd. ' ' For tho month of April tho Rohortcon crcamory received 57,59llb3, of oroam, pto duoing 35,877lbj, of butter, Feed is now plentiful cad dairy ctjttlo are ip nood oon Jitloa Oi $9b8St3(t3. 