SYDNEY SIDELIGHTS. 'Look here upon this picture, and on this.' (By 'Vandorian.') Farewell to Colonel Bell, late Consul for tlie U.S.A. in Sydney. . 'The very name has a good old English ring about it,' said Mr. M'Millan. The Town Hall was filled with a brilliant as semblage on Friday evening last. His Excel lency the Governor took -the chair. Mr. J. D. i Hennessy read the illuminated address, vhich shared with a gold watch and a gold embossed album in the presentation ceremony. 'The apostle of federation,' Colonel Bell. 'The discoverer *of America,' Colonel Bell, 'to the people of New South Wales.' This saves Columbus's character as an explorer. But by the time each orator has finished in his generous j eulogy of the popular guest of the evening, there I is nothing left to say. Yes; a few words from Sir George Dibbs on freetrade. The invitation to the lecture! Colonel Bell smiles in a deprecating, star-spangled, patriotic fashion, but refuses Sir George Dibbs'e invitation to go and lecture in America on the advantages of j freetrade! 'I've often been in the same boat with the Premier,' says Mr. See, apologising for his chief's unavoidable absence. For the Premier has gone off in company with Captain Cook. 'Yes; I've been in the same boat before now,' says he, al luding to the uneasy boat of office. 'Bang! hang!' go the doors. It is blowing hard, and Mr. See smiles at the album. For when the breezes blow, I gen-e- rally go below. On Friday evening no one had a wild desire to be in the same boat with the Premier! Burglars are politely requested not to tflirow brooms at military officers of high rank who are also solicitors. Armed with a sword, and in full regimentals, j the officer seeks to return for a moment to the peaceful pursuit of law. The office-door is open. Is it safe' to mount the stairs, alone, on a Saturday afternoon? 'Thrice is he armed, etc.' But that i is poetry — a burglar is prose. It is not safe. He will die {if it be absolutely necessary) for liis country; he naturally objects to die for any other reason' Time passes— so does a lady. She offers to send a policeman. Meets a literary friend — sends him. He advances with a jaunty step. What a splendid joke it is! Together they storm the staircase. Together they are repulsed, and beaten by a broom which descends in rapid flight from a;bove. 'L/et me like a soldier fall!' This is the clos ing scene. In the kindness of his heart the offi cer will not draw his sword — he cannot slay! His companion also (so the story goes) gets his literary head punched, and ceases to thank it such a splendid joke to storm a fortress in company 'With an armed man. Rumor (ever unreliable) boldly asserts that at a late hour the besieged was heard singing 'Hold the fort,' on a top landing, and couQd be seen (from a safe ?distance) gorging himself on writs and actions for assault. He begs to inform friends in the burgling business that he has sufficient nourishment to last for some time; that he is full of law, and quite happy! 'The last dancing lesson.' At Her Majesty's Theatre on Saturday afternoon Mrs. Warskitt Allan's pupils gave a charming representation of this little drama in steps, before an audience that filled the seating accommodation and overflowed into the standing want-of-accommodation pas sages. The minuet. Little girls patter on to the stage like white mice, pick up the edges of their soft white skirts, curve their insteps (which are also white), and raise their fans, which are white and gold. Half the little misses act as gentlemen, make a sweeping bow, bring their fans forward with the air of gallants waving cocked hats, while their partners respond with a stately curtsey, and the dance begins with grace and spirit. 'Life,' says a French writer, 'is like a minuet —a few turns made in order to curtsey in the same spot from which we started.' But the minuet hi the time of Louis XIV. resembled life — it took so long to learn the exact spot in which to curtsey, and to finish with success was not given to all ' who learned its lessons! The minuet, which is said to have come from Poitou to Paris in 1650, survived the fall of the i Empire, and the banishment of royalty, with ; which it has been so closely associated in its na- j tive land — France. For at least a hundred and . fifty years every State ball in Europe was opened ; ?with this graceful ?dance, and the close of the pre- j sent century shows a distinct attempt to revive ; it. That the minuet, however, only lingers like : the faded ghost of powder and patches, and is as dead as the beauties who once walked its stately measures, let the 'society lancers' speak in reply! From the graceful Marguerite de Bourgogne dancing'the minuet before Don .John of Austria (a sly rogue who watched it incognito) to these pret ty children at Her Majesty's Theatre giving a clever caricature of society lancers before you and me, the orchestra, and ordinary people, is a downfall in grace. And so it was — a regular downfall. They wob bled their heads in salutation (the opening cere ' mony); they rushed to seize partners — anyone's partners'. They twirled each, other round like dancing Dervishes, and finally collapsed in limp beaps on the stage. 'If that's society lancens, I won't have it again,' says miniature Mrs. Allan. In a voice to match. For you must understand that while Mrs. Allan conducted tier class from the orchestra, 'her double — a little miss of eight or xdne — played a dancing mistress and a cane chair (on the stage) with great spirit and vivacity! WantGd. — A respectable classic shade iar wanted to-fill a Greek chair at the Sydney University. Applications are invited from those who are ac customed to converse in dead languages, and pre ference will be given to one lately returned from Hades. No ^hady spirit need apply. Whether the applicant cuts bis vowels long or «hort is of less consequence than bis lectures, wihich be is particularly requested to cut short, out of defer ence to the students. The Baden-Powell chargers paraded -round the green in Barracks on Wednesday afternoon. Number one ie a big upstanding bright bay, with, what is known amongst the 'fancy' as a 'kind head.' The class of head, which argues by its shape, and its toll, sparkling eyes, that, hav ing had the spirit to put an indifferent rider in his proper place -(the ground), he, number one. will show no malice, and will neither bite nor kick a fallen obstacle. Number one looted as handsome a horse as any Lieatenant-General could wish tojrtde, oran3LpayaJix,r*spit.lo fall off! ' -*-?'?? ' J~'' * ?Number two. This charger was a black 'cobby' looking horse, much smaller than the bay, who wore, with many proud tossings of his head, the beautiful gear included in the presentation Experts admired him with some reservation, v and contended that he was inclined to run away in his hindquarters. But this is much safer than running away anywhere else! The Little Georgia Magnet. This pleasant looking- little lady (Miss Annie May Abbott) is giving exceedingly clever performances at the Tivoli Theatre. It looks so easy that specta tors are secretly incited to emulation— they want to do it better — and go home to practise onrdo- . mestic chairs with more or less (but chiefly less) success. . ? It looks so easy! That's just what the able bodied committee thought at the matinee on Wed nesday. They sat in a semi- circle round the stage. Miss Abbott, a slender, girlish looking magnet, stands in the centre. 'Brace yourselves well,' says she, in clear, ringing tones. And they, brace! Each man looks to his muscle; Miss Ab ibott to her audience. 'Now, one at a time, please.' One at a time over they go! They seize a chair, and try to hold it. Presently they are kneeling to it, in profound devotion; they gei up, resume their seats, wipe their perspiring foreheads, and pant in the background. 'Hold my hand,' says Miss Abbott. One of the committee jumps at the- offer, holds' her hand with .alacrity, looks as if he would like to go on holding it, and is placid in his deportment. Soon, in company with other committee gentlemen, his j deportment becomes excited. Science only grants j us two magnetic poles. The committee discovers a third, which is like a billiard-cue. And while one of them — a solid body — sits on top of the poie, with little comfort to himself, his friends (pro pelled by Miss Abbott) revolve in wild career. They have two movements — one on their own axis (the pole), the other round the stage. And ? as the needle of the compass is acted on by the ' magnetic pole, so these terrestrial toodies incline to dip as they move towards their pole. They . nearly dip through a stage window, but are saved from a meteoric flight through. sp,ace by Miss Ab batt, and return to perspire in a fixed course round committee chairs! 'Keep your line,' says. she. Heated ; gentlemen (still bracing themselves) roll up — four, ' five, six, to push the performer against a certain corner of the wing, so as to bend her straighten ed fingers. Here 'again, as a line, they follow the teachings of science, and do what ^a properly con- , structed magnetic equator ought to do — incline to j that of the terrestrial, and very much incline to wobble over. Now one scientist — though rather out of date — named - Grover, gives the earth two magnetic axes. This is very kind of Mr. Grover, and ex- i plains the Little Georgia Magnet's clever feats. I For he obligingly places one of these axis in Ame- j rica! But whether (if he were still living) he could be induced! to consent to his American axis wandering about the earth, and upsetting respect able terrestrial bodies at the Antipodes is quite another question. Miss Abbott — in her magnetic career — has been twice round the world. During these travels she has come in contact with many eminent people, . and has made some of the Crowned heads of Eu roper totter by simply lifting them dn their regal chairs. Lord Kelvin (then Sir William Thomp son) interviewed Miss Abbott, and in New York she was also interviewed by another American in the same line of business — Edison. , From the late Czar of Russia— before -whom ! Miss Abbott performed in St. Petersburg— she re ceived a magnificent emerald ring, shaped like a lozenge, and encircled with diamonds. Her Majesty the Queen, after seeing the Little Georgia Magnet perform in the private theatre at Windsor Castle, 'gave me,' says she, 'this marquise ring, wMeh I value more than anything else I have.' From the Prince and Princess of Wales, from the Duchess of Sutherland, from the late General Joubert (after a performance in Pre toria), and from many other notable people, Miss Abbott has received handsome presents. For be- j ing 'the Little Georgia Magnet,' she naturally has attractive manners. How is it done? Trace the Little Magnet in iier rapid gyrations round the stage, or, better still, volunteer as a. committee man. For every effect there must be a cause. Find out the mag netic puzzle! Miss Maud Fitz-Stubbs introduced her latest composition — 'The Governor-General's Waltz' — to a number of guests, among whom were Lady Darley and many leading musicians, yesterday afternoon. This introduction took place in the Professional Musicians' rooms, and in that inner ; ?sanctum known as the Musicians' Club room. j Yesterday afternoon this secluded room might have been called the Hall of Harmony. And at 4 p.m. we waited for the 'Governor- General,' who arrived with the orchestra under Mr. Gehde's baton. Mr. W. Stevenson was first violin and Miss Fitz-Stubbs pianist. The waltz itself is so gay, and swings with such a merry, lilting strain, that it may incite the new Governor-General (if it be played on his arrival) to mirthful steps on the landing stage. 