The Lily of Mordaunt. Br MBS G. Bhxldom i athoroas of "The Masked Bridal, " The Magic Cameo," «&c.;) . CHAPTER XXVln. adding insult to 1NJUUX. Philip was amazed 1 Lady Elaine had almost given him the cut direct-. . She had been so gracious to lum of laic, so kind and even, sympathetic in lier 'manner, that he had begun to hope that time aud patience would yet award hi in the prize he so coveted. He lmd consulted an eminent and not over-scrupulous brother lawyer — laid his case before him, aud learned that it would not be a very difficult matter to obtain a divorce from. Arley, and with out any unpleasant publicity, too; meanwhile ho intended to make the most of his opportunities, and cultivate the favour of the beautiful and wealthy Countess of Mordaunt-. 15ut now, just as he had every rea- soii, as ho thought-, to believe that his wooing was progressing favourably, she had suddenly become like an iceberg to him. Ho stood looking after herj as she swept up the grand stairoase, blank dis may pictured upon his face, and a feel ing almost of suffocation, in his throat. He resolved, however, to sift the mat ter forthwith, and as soon after their dinner hour as lie thought it wo'uld do, he presented himself at the Hamiltons' puriour door. Lady Hamilton Was there alone, Sir Anthony having lingered in the smok- uig-rooitt bolow, after dinner, and she received him with her usual graoious hospitality. Ere long he succeeded in engaging her in her favourite game — chess — and prepared to mako a long siege of it, lor ho was determined to have an, in terview with Lady Elaine before he " lelt, if possible. Sho had retired to her owq. chamber immediately after dinner to writ© some letters, and to record in her diary the important tacts which she had that afternoon gleaned from Jane Collins. So she knew nothing of Philip'svisit, and was entirely unconscious of the un comfortable state of unrest and nervous expectation in which he sat watching ,the door leading to her room, hoping . every moment to see it open, and its fair occupant come forth. Ho played with Lady Hamilton until she grew so sleepy that she nodded over the game, frequently making mistakes in her moves, but he prolonged it by every device he could think of, stub bornly resolved not to relinquish his purpose. Lady Elaine at last made her ap pearance, and his face cleared instantly. Sue stopped upon the threshold, and seemed half tempted to retreat when she saw him, then, appearing to change her mind, she came- forward and seated -herself beforo the glowing grate, "but merely recognising him by a grave bend of her fair head. Now, with a few quick,, decisive moves, Philip brought a knight, -bishop and pawn to bear upon Lady Hamil ton's king, and an immediate "check mate" was the result. "I am very stupid to-night-, I fear,. Mr. Paxton," his opponent smilingly affirmed, as she began to arrange the men in their beaut-uul, inlaid" box. "I think we shall have to postpone the 'rubber' until another evening. I won der," she added, "where Sir Anthony is at this hour — he seldom goes out after dinner." She arose, and, going to a window, looked out upon the street, but a moment after her maid- came iuto the room to ask her some question, and then, excusing herself, she retired ' to her own apartment with her. Philip heaved a sigh of relief as mis tress and maid disappeared ; he had seen nothing, scarcely, been conscious, of anything, save that quiet figure with its grave, sweet face sitting in the fire light-, ever since Lady Elaine entered; and now, as the door closed after Lady Hamilton, he arose abruptly, crossed the space between them, and stood , be fore her on the rue. Lady Elaine's lovely face flushed crimson, and then grew strangely pale at his approach; yet she did not raise her eyes from the fantastic .flashes of light which were playing over the con suming logs upon the hearth, though a close observer might, have seen that httie resolute lines were settling about her mouth, and an ominous flash, flicker ing m the blue orbs that were only half- concealed by their white, golden-fringed Lady Elaine," Philip began, with that air of proud humility which he knew so well how to assume, while he dark, magnetic eyes upon her, the very atmosphere is heavy witn ceri- t?rt' ?PPres8'n6 with the conviction .that I have done something either to annoy or offend you; tell me of what f VQ been guilty that I may atone ei ex':eni' f my power." She turned her grave glance , upon mm— a clear, searching, acousing glance, that, though he did not onoe mistrust her knowledge of his perfidy, made -his heart throb with a strange, depressing question is whether you would , willing to atone if I should tell you," toe said, slowly, and with a seriousness that sent a chill of foreboding. creeping along his nerves. \--hoo you hare something me! 110 said, with a quick, g-drawn breath. It was strange how Pleasure c'rea< incurring her dis- ies, I have something against you," he repeated as slowiyVbef oref and his face"11 grave, sweet eyes upon What a look it wasl it filled him with jsterious pain. He felt something senofifM evil must feel in the pre- Wi, . k auel of kfihh in , tv i i J d0ne?" he demanded, not t-oice, "toll me! I can- be ni n, suspense; no one could though Vlry n 1 3111 offohd yn, thero am /Shotant of any sin, and inato. . uo atnemeiit that I will not tlmf t me,. and see — there is nothing » not do for you, Lady whnhc a beautiful flush crimsoned her self ci; mi' gb® straightened her- sometbm ber chaift; there was Phasic ?-\n b and in the em- offendedhS empIoyed that poSasi1f rom bat. slight change of words ha i 110 sien that his Aft J m0V0d her in the least. Plied: monumt of thought, she re- a-tonLf.; J bought that you really would chanaa oould beiieve .it, it would "ffa my Plmbu of you greatly." dark £ 3?U not believe it?" he cried, at lack nf mounting to his brow at the to imr.i1CSpc;c£ which her wdtds seemed cited «t b® became greatly ex- will i,- Z you to try me — no test eerity I ?,evere to prove my sin- a moment-, then with a tion 0 a?c £ be was driven to despera- aoH Ji„as 1 f bo must leap every barrier ward an\ bis fate, he took a step for- j and went on, passionately: must eeP sil®nt any longer— I Elaine e?£ 0 yu not seen, Lady ®> what a captive I have become? \- r '-.;' how I cannot keep away from you? Can you not see how all the old passion, which I once betrayed to you, has re vived? No, that word I should not use, for it has never waned, though, when I found that you loved another, I strove to crush it out of my heart; but it was of no use, and now I love — I idolise you a hundred fold — you have become the one hope of my life, and though I may be premature in this de claration, yet- the thought of your dis pleasure, the fear that I have offended you, lias driven mo to it, and forced it from my lips. Oh, my beloved, will you doubt now that I will stand any test? Try me and see; but pray give me a crumb cf comfort to feed upon, and I will try to be content- with wnat- evor probation you may see fit toput- to me on. Tell me that I may hope for your love, and you will give me an in centive that will make me courageous to scale the loftiest heights, or dig to the lowest depths for treasures to lay at your feet." What an actor he would have made! what power he had over himself to be able to thus throw into his every word, look, aud gesture, such eloquence and pathos, such passion and seeming sin cerity. Had not Lady Elaine known bej\,re a, doubt how basely treacherous and un principled he had been; if the facts to which she had listened had come to her only as floating rumours, instead of being related by an eye-witness, he might have deceived her, he might have won something of sympathy for his un fortunate passion — something of com- misseration for its hopelessness. As it was, she knew that every word he had uttered was as false as the vows which he had spoken to Arley when he had won her trusting heart. She read him. like a printed page, and she knew that instead of- experiencing any real affection for her, he was now, as before, simply seeking to obtain a fortune to gratify his ambition for posi tion and his love of ease, while she was to be but the steppiug-stone by whion he hoped to secure it. She arose and stood before him, pale as snow, and looking, in her long mourumg robes, like some piece of beau tiful statuary draped in black. She raised her head with, a haughty air, and looked straight into the eyes of the man before her, her own fairly giittering with the scorn and indigna tion winch quivered through every flbre of her being. "Heaven! how beautiful she is," thought Philip Paxton, as lie . gazed upoii her"; but he looked and trem bled. i" "I am afraid, sir, that I cannot find words with which ' to answer you properly," she began, in a oiear, cold tone which actually made him . shiver. "I do not believe there is a language spoken which oontaine. words sufficiently fluent to express what I wo.irid like to say to you. One would suppose that a sense of delicacy wouid have prevented you from intruding such protestations upon one who is sorrowing as you must know I sorrow. I have not- forgotten flow you spoke iii the same way to me once before, nor the spirit which you manifested upon my. retusal of your pro posals. I boro with you then, but how I have no patience with you. If your- heart, with all its purposes and schemes, could be photographed, what do you suppose it would bo like, Philip Paxton? Where is your honour, your truth, your inahhood? Do you dver ask yourself what you were made for ? - What Heaven gave you au immortal soul for? Was it that you might abuse it, mar" and disfigure it- until no trace of the divine nature should remain upon it, and when it went back to its Maker it would be unrecognisable, and only fit to cast into "outer darkness?' ' How could you dare," she went- on, seeming almost to tower above him in her righteous wrath, "to come to' me t-liis evening and say what you have said to me? I wonder that the /words did not' paralyse yotu tongue iasf you ' ut tered them . To a ask wi th such aii . in jured, iuuocent air what you have done to offend me. What have you not done? All your treachery' of the past year has been revealed to me, and you seem so little, and mean, and ignoble to me that I could almost trample upon you. That is not right, I know, for you are one of God's creatures, and if He sees fit to let "you live among re spectable people I have no "right to question His wisdom ; but my patience and charity have been sadly tried by what ' I have learned to-day of your treatment of my dearest' friend. You won her, a noble, trusting girl— a gin so truo aud upright, so sensitively con scious by. nature, that she preferred to endure any amount of personal humilia tion arid self-denial rather than be guilty of a wrong toward anyone, or commit a mean or unworthy act. She became your wife, believing that you loved her, and would fulfil to the letter the vows which you spoke so solemnly when you 6tood by her side before the altar. But how have you kept those promises? You took her away from friends,., from her home and coimt-ry; you dragged her to a foreign city, where among those almost barbarous people, she must have been more deso late than language can describe; while your treatment of her drove her to desperation — drove her to tho necessity, of working to pay for the bread which she ate, and for the roof which sheL tered her! And then, when she had worn herself out, when heart and nature both failed her, and she lay sick, week after week — some of the time almost unto death — you never went to her as sistance; you never exerted yourself to see that she had proper care or at tendance or the comforts which, in her helplessness, she needed." "Great heavens! -how do you know — who has told you this ?" burst ' from Philip Paxton's white lips,., while he stood staring almost wildly at tho girl before him, great drops of cold pers piration beading his forehead. "It does not signify how I know _ it," Lady Elaine returned, with curling lips ; "you perceive that I do know it." "Has Arley writ-ten to you? Have you heard from her?" he interrupted, feeling sure that she could never, have learned so much from any other source. "No, Arley has not writ-ten one word —she has been heroically silent through out all her trouble. I think not .even Miss McAllister mistrusts the terrible ordeal to which you have subjected the dear child whom she loved so fondly, and to whom she would have flown on the wings of love' had she even dreamed of what she was suffering. I would have 'gone to her — nothing should have kept me from her had I known. Philip Pas- ton, if Arley had died when she was so sick there in Madrid, you would have been— her murderer!" "Don't," ho cried, putting out his hand with an appealing gesture, while a shudder of repulsion' ran over him at the sound of that startling word. Standing there in Lady Elaine's pure presence, while her scathing words -rained like sharp hail-stones fast and thick upon him, he began to see him self something as she saw him', while the scorn and contempt which pervaded her every word and gesture actually made him feel faint and sick. "Don't," she repeated, with, such stinging sarcasm- that he cringed as if she had struck him a sharp blow. "Is it possible that after having used your wife so heartlessly — after realising her wretchedness day after day, and looking jmmoved upon her sufferings, you can shrink like this from the mere mention of them? , i — — — I "How will j'ou answer, Philip Pax- ' ton," she continued, in stern, accusing I accents, "for the life that you have ruined — for the love that you . have scorned aud trampled upon as a thing of no value? If you should go into eternity to-night- and the questions were put to you — 'Where is your wife — where is the true-hearted woman who trusted herself to your keeping? — how have you fulfilled your solemn vows to love, cherish, and protect her?' what could you say for yourself? "Nay," she cried, as ho appeared about to defend himself, "I will listen to no more falsehoods from you; you can have nothing to offer in extenua tion of your conduct. I know enough to brand you as a- traitor to your plighted rows — as a coward, too weak and mean to face disappointment and adversity for tho woman who loved hjm; and as a viilian, too heartless to bo tolerated by anyone who has an atom of solf-respect. Those ore sharp sentences, I know" — as she saw his eyelids quiver aud his lips twitch — "but you deserve them— you need tho lash — the goad to arouse -you to a sense of your wickedness. "Hi© pitiful lies you have told me regarding Arley leaving you — of her appointments with another, and the money she received from him, aro all explained, and I doubt not that the Englishman whom you with such pretended righteous wrath, named as her 'champion,' was some' noble man who, pitying her helplessness', offered her his protection, and will show her every respect which a pure- woman should command. If you have woven this- tangled, miserable web around her for the purpose of obtaining the divorce of which you have boasted to me, you have truly achieved a deed Worthy of a hero, and much comfort may you derive from it-. Were I in Arleys place, I should consider it a happy release; but," and for the first time during all her denunciations' an angry flash swept over Lady Elaine's face and gleamed in her eyes, while she drew her perfect form haughtily erect-, "that you should sup plement such an act with words of love and proposals of marriage to mo, is a measure too outeinptibie for words to express. Do you suppose that . I have the slightest faith in your- protests- I t-ious? No; your heart is too calloused, your nature too narrow to admit of your loving anyone but yourself, your owu pleasure and ease. Money and position are the height of your ambition. You failed in securing them with Arley, as you expected, and so you sacrificed her without' a compunction of conscience, employing tho meanest of strategy' and villainy to free yourself from her, and now you may come to mo, hoping, no doubt, to secure another glittering prize. What an exhaustless amount ot solf-conceit you .must possess. If you oould be made to regard your actions as any purc-mhided person would re gard them, how you would shrink with horror and disgust from yourself. Why could you not have been a man, Philip Paxton, and worthy of % sweet-, true woman like Arley cut-worth?" \- Ho stood before her, abashed at last, his head bowed Upon bis chest, his arms folded so tightly across it that his every breath was laboured, while his face, even to his lips, was as colourless as his sliirt-bosom. How Lady Elaine could have become possessed of the facts which she hurled at liim with such frightful rapidit-y and truthfulness -he could not imagine ; but it was very evident that lier informant, whoever he or she might have been, was well posted upon all the circumstances of Artey's trouble, and he saw that all his baiseness was revealed. The "lash" of her sorrowful tongue, the "goad" of her contempt had shocked his conscience into something like life at last— had torn away the mask from his soul, making him see himself as she saw him. Her sarcasms, her contempt and for cible denunciation, together with that- final appeal to. his manhood, had stripped him "of all his arrogance, re vealing the rags aud filthiness of his nature in all their repulsiveness, until, carried out and beyond himself for the moment, he seemed to be looking down upon a wretch too vile and mean to be allowed a place among men. "I have been mad!" he muttered, un-. der his breath, b'ut Lady Elaine heard him. "You have been tricked, ?' she re turned, relentlessly. "I did believe, when I first met you at Hazelmero, that there was a noble manhood within you, for the stamp of it seemed to rost upon your face: but how deceitful appear ances are has been proved by your con duct sinoe. Ah!" with a regretful sigh, "is it not a pity that a soul should bo- come so warped and defiled? Why will mankind go so wrong, when the right way — even though difficulties seem to hedge us about — is always the better way?" Philip lifted his head eagerly, aud seemed about to reply as she ceased; then a deep . flush suffused his whole face, and he dropped again iuto his former position. Something in his look made, Lady Elaine think that, his bettor nature had been aroused at last, and a. feeling ' of pity began to crowd some of the bit terness out of her heart. "Why cannot you do right, Mr. Pax ton? why will you not try to atone?" she pleaded, in a softened tone; but; he interrupted her with an almost despairr ing gesture. . "It is too late for that," he said, bit terly. — — - "I fear it is," she answered, sadly. "I believe if I were in Arley's place, I should fed that there : could bo no atonement, and of course, if you do not love her " "Who says I do uot love her?" he interrupted. agaiuj and almost fiercely; and Lady. Elaine was dumb from won der at his words. "I do not- wonder that you look as tonished," he went on, half defiant, half ashamed; "but if an evil spirit lfad not possessed me, I never should bare lived the life which I have during the past twelve months. But my game is up, and- 1 might as well make a cleau breast of it; all I have won for my folly and sin is your contempt and aversion and the loss of my wife's love and respect. It cannot add to my humiliation to tell you that I have been aroused by being told that I must not aspire to your hand, while I had sworn to myself that I would be a rich and prosperous man at any cost, and that I would marry the richest woman I could find to achieve my object-. "You may curl your lips, Lady Elaine," he weut ou, flushing again at her involuntary act. "I deserve it, but I tell you I have beou mad. I failed iu my effortB to wig you, and then I turned to Arley as the next most tempting prize. I was honest enough in tolling her that I loved her, for she was bright and beautiful, and attracted me as no other woman had ever done, and,. when I found that your fortune was beyond my reach, my whole heart was set upon winning her. Had she con tested Ina Wentworth's claim and kept her fortune, we might have been hapoy in each other to this day. But she would not keep it, and my cursed avarice and wilfulness, my intolerance of being thwarted has been my ruin." He paused a moment, and Lady Elaine saw that his free wag as fixed and stouy as that of a statue. Presently he resumed: "I did not, however, expect to be brought up in my career with such a : round turn as you have given me to- I night. There was, I believe, and as you have said, something of manhood within mo ouee; but whether the germ remains, and will ever thrive, I suppose only jtime will show. Certainly,, in my present mood I can neither form reso lutions nor make promises. Reggirding my presumption aud folly to-niglit in re newing my offensive proposals, I fear it would only be adding iusult- to injury, and you would feel even more con tempt for me than you have already manifested, if I should express regret and ask yoqr pardon. Tho question would naturally arise whether I was I most sorry for my sin, or for having been detected in. ifw But you have road me a bitter lesson ; you have told me wholesomo, though uauscous, truths, and have aroused my almost torpid con- scieuce at last. Perhaps some time — for I know you btavo a tender heart — "if I am able to pfove to you that I am truly repentant , you will not- then saorn to say that- you forgive me. Till then, Lady Elaine, adieu." CHAPTER XXIX. A BAFFLED MAN. With those last words, Philip rnado a low obeisance, aud was gone from the room almost before Lady Elaine could collect her scattered, astonished senses. But his white, agonised face, ms trembling, pallid lips, his suppressed tones, aud the convulsive heaving of his chest-, haunted her the whole night through. She oould uot sleep, but lay tossing restlessly upon her pillow hour after hour. She reproached herself over and over again for tho harsh and scornful lan guage which she had used to him, ;aad- lelb condemned for having manifested so much aversion and so little Christian charity. Yet-, when sho reviewed all Arley's sad story, she could not feel that any thing, however severe, was too bad to say to the author of her misery. Hp deserved to be deeply humiliated, if it was possible for him to experience i any such feeling. \ His treatment of Arloy had been; too shameful, too heartless and reprehen sible to be ever forgiven j yet, there had been one 'redeemable thing, iu his con fession of his love for her. And still what sort of love could it bo that could neglect aud ignore a sick and almost dying wife— that could turn a cold shoulder aud a deaf car to her every need and appeal, leaving her to. the questionable mercy of strangers in a foreign country. She was beset and harassed with con flicting emotions— first with pity iund sorrow for his evidently awakened and smarting conscience, then with hot in dignation and scorn for what ho had done. Tho next morniflg sfio to'd Lady Hamilton that she was going ou a little trip out of. London; that she should take her maid, and bo gone a couple of days, perhaps longer. Lady Hamilton questioned her as to the object of her journey, aud she evasively replied that it was something iu connection with Jane Collins. She took the afternoon train : for Portsmouth, that- famous seaport town, which is the home., of-, so- many captains and men who foildw'tEo ocean. She feared that it might be but a "wild-goose chase" that sho was bout upon, and she was somewhat oppressod with the weight of her mission; buk'she felt- that it was one of vital importance, and sho bad resolved to -leave no stone unturned uutil she had accomplished it-, or the hope of its accomplishment should bo utterly blasted. j Sho was in search of the cu-ptaiu of that vessel — the Black Swan, Jano Col lins told her was the uame of it— which had picked up that- unhappy father and mother so many years ago, after being wrecked 'oil their return from India, and who might- prove — it was barely possible —to bo Arley's parents. . She took a room in one of the hotels upon arriving at Portsmouth, aud after a few hours' rest, set diligently about her inquiries. Sho was liiore successful than she dared fo hope she should be, for she found that Captain Conway— tho former conunauder of the Black .Swan — was well known, since his home had been in that city for many years: ; . Ho was old and infirm- now, sho was told, aiid liad given up a seafaring life and settled .down iu his cosy homoj to spend the remainder of his days with his good wife and children. ! Lady Elaine's object in coming i to him was to learn, if possible, the name of the couple whom he had rescued, and also the name of tho vessel on: which they had sailed from India; and having ; obtained his address sho drpve directly to his house. She was -told upon her arrival that the old sailor .w an quite sick, but upon sending word to him what tho nature of her. errand' was, ho said ho would gladly see her aud relate to. her all that he knew regarding the sad ciretun- stanocs to whioh she referred. j She became quite . nervous aud 'ex cited while the servant was conducting -her to his chamber— she had hoped' so much from this interview, and now she began to fear lest it should amount to nothing. Wo may not go with her. iuto that sick chamber, for wo cannot kuow, just yet, the -nature of the conference which followed; but when the fair Lady| of Mordauut came forth again, lier lovely face was flushed and her eyes swollen with Weeping, nnd yet there was a smilg. of ineffable teuderuess and -happiness wreathing her sweet Hps. r if As she took her scat in the carriage, to be driven away, another burst j of tears overpowered her, but it soon' passed, and she looked like some lonely flower refreshed after a shower. j . , . "Arley, Arley. my darling, if every thing proves to be as I have reason - to hope, and if I can only find you," she murmured in such. % tender, yearning, voice, "you need bo nameless no longer ;, and, oh! how glad I am that I can !be. the ono to bring these blessed tidings' to J'OU."- j a i -» I After leaving Lady Elaiue, Philip Puxtou rushed madly from the hotel, and, hastening to bis lodgiugs, buried himself in his own rooms. Throwing himself prone upon his bed/, just as he was, he spent tho nightiiu. an agony of remorse, such as a thor oughly awakened guilty conscience is alone capable of, and as he afterward confessed, "in hating himself with all his might." Morning found him wan and haggard, but with a better light in his eye than bad shone there for many a long month. "Is my manhood or my honour all gone?" ho groaued, as he arose and looked at himself in the glass, and won dered if it oould be possible that he was the same being that he had been, two years before, when, with a light, heart and a clear conscience, ho had" worked from morning till night, his chief aim being to build up a practice of which he should be proud, and to be able to say in future years, as lie looked back from a high position in the world : "See to what I have, attained by my own efforts and my integrity!" Bat how he had been tempted, and to what depths had he fallent Pride and passion, evil thoughts and wrongdoing had left their full impress upon him, nnd the" better nature whioh had been stirred within him - shrank from the face which looked forth upon Iliiin. ". "How I have warped and denied my self!" ho pursued, "Can I ever be- come a good mail again ? I can never hope for pardon — I can never hope for happiness again. But. oh, if I might but bridge over the slough in which I have wallowed; pass to the other side and begin anew— if there is any other sideifor me," he added, wearily. "What a fool I have been!" he con- tiuued, fiercely, as, with clenched hands aud a stern, set face, he paced the room back aud forth, like some enraged wild beast; "how she must despise me — how her very tones ran with con tempt and aversion! I wonder if the torments of tho lost can be any worse than what I suffered last night, as I stood before that pure and beautiful woihau, feeling thyself to be like tome hideously deformed wretch, soiled, blackened and defiled through and through." "Arley! "Arley!" he suddenly t;ricd out-, in an intense, remorseful tone; "how could I ever have been such a knave ? I know now what I have lest. I have known it all along, but I have been mad, wild, demonized. Ah! I- shall neirer forget how sweetly your voico sounded/, wfleu you stood beside ma iu the court-room in Madrid, and urged mo not to 'waste my life thus'— to 'bo tho true-hearted man you be lieved me to bw when you first lrnew me,' and begged me so earnestly to come back to England with you. Oh, whj — why_was I. so blind aud. hardened that I would not 'heed you? But it is too late now. I have lost you for ever, though your gentlo entreaties will ring in my ears as long as I live. Oh, fool, idiot, that I havo been!" All . day long tho wretched man bat tled with himself — with tho evil spirit, the stubborn will and pride that had so long ruled him with such arbitrary power. All flay long he was alter nately besieged with- anger at- hiB folly, and .remorse and grief over his ruined life. Having once again realised and ac knowledged his love for Ariey, there had como into hi9 -heart such a pas sionate longing for her, . such a wild, despairing regret over the affection which he had scorned . and trampled upon, as bowed the strong man like a reed laid prostrate by some fierce tem- .P®stv . Night coming on again found, biiu ex hausted, and his worii-out nature suo- oumbed to a deep and . dreamless slum ber, which steeped his senses in grate ful oblivion until far into tho hours of another day. Almost like a ghost of himself look ed Philip Paxton when he at last arose and dressed. For more than thirty- six hours he had not tasted food or drink, and he was weak and trembling as an habitual drunkard who has beau deprived of his accustomed stimulants. But there eras a ucw purpose in his fece, which was grave to sternness, while his lips and eyes were resolute. Ho went- to a coffee-house and break fasted, then, to his old chambers — Gray's Inn — which had been so long deserted. Ho spent the day in putting them in order, and the next morning the Lon-. don "Times" contained a notice calling attention to the fact that "Philip Pax ton, attorney-at-iaw, had returned from abroad, and was prepared to resume his business." That ho had been a good lawyer was proved by his former patrons at oflce patronising him, until within a week he had ample, work, and the idle; disso lute man of six months previous was bending every energy to the task which ho had imposed upon himself. j A month after this good beginning ho might huve been seen writing far iuto the uight-, while his pale face, com pressed lips and troubled brow told that ho was engaged upou no pleasant work ;/ aud when at last it was finished, ho threw down liis pen and lay vback in his chair with a sigh that was' almost a groan. What lie had written will be told next- week. . y (To bo continued.) 