THE BLESSING OF ESAU. A ROMANCE OF THE MARCHAND. BY FRANK SAVILE, Author of " John Ship, Mariner," 2' Beyond the Great South Wall," &o.; [An, RIGHTS RESERVED,] CHAPTER Xrx_Continued. LIBERTY LIFTS UP HER VOICE. So fiercely and simply was decided the manner of the overthrow of Islam from about these Christian states, and on the morrow plan gave early place to action. Polite assurances were delivered to Sinai), High Bailiff of the Sultan, that his presence in any official capacity was no longer desired in Karsovn. The Ban, with all courtesy, explained to him that it would be with exceeding sorrow that he would lose the delight of his counsel and companionship, yet felt it but right to warn him that the realm no longer needed the aid of his advice. A. circumstance, as Duke Othe went on to demonstrate, which might induce his Imperial master to find him employment elsewhere. When Sinnn, aged and easy man, had been finally induced to believe that these mutinous sentiments were no ill-timed joke but the grim most earnest, and had thereupon taken his departure with half the Mohammedan officials which his nominal satrapy had collected in Karsova, then indeed the torrent (of patriotism was loosed and roared in spite. Every able-bodied man swelled into the great square before the palace gate, and with hats wave and voices boisterous with battle lust and vehement yearnings for liberty, called for the Grand Duke, the Syndic, and last but not least, and certainly loudest, Ludwig, beloved of every Highland heart. And when the Ban, the Syndic, and the Prince appeared upon the great balcony above the main entrance, such a shout went up from those thousands of enfranchised throats as had not been heard in Karsiva since the Turks poured over her battlements two hundred stormy years before. And swords were swung athwart the sunshine, and hats flung into the air, and the furious battle-cry of Freedom rang abroad till every spire and hated minaret rooked again. While facing this glad riot Duke Otho's face softened to such a smile as none had seen there in his thirty years of secret toil and sorrow. Though it needed a throat of iron and lungs of leather to pieces this glad day, the Syndic found them, his stentorian cheer, " Illaroo ! God with us 1" making fit crest for that stupendous wave of sound that lapped and eddied from the central square till every alley and by-way of the city echoed it I again. Though the hubbub drooped presently from uproar to busy hum, it ceased not during the day nor through the livelong night, while the clang of showing forge and armourer contended endlessly and the long lines of fighting men gird themselves for war, and burnished lovingly their chargers' coats, or Nharpened point of pike or his je of sword, till in the dawning the results were manifest, and the rings of the great square shook beneath the tramp of the armed battalions. A glad sight for any rulor'R eyes they wore these dark masses of infantry, handling fearlessly and with accustomed grasp the weapons dealt to them thus openly for the first time. Not a man but showed by his bearing that the covert drills among the mountains had not been wasted. And gladly, too, did Othe watch the long procession of horses that poured into the city during the night, and proudly did he see caparison brought forth for each, and the riders swing to their saddles and sit therein with accustomed grace and security. And brighter yet was the light in his eyes when, from many a barn and hovel or other hiding-place, the winking field-pieces were hauled forth, and the glossy mules and ponies harnessed thereto, and the batteries grow as if by magic beneath his gaze. And with a voice that was young and strong did he fling the order for a general salute to this new army that he saw thus coll cared for the first time in its thousands, though steadfastly had he toiled at its making by the score. Then as the muskets flow to the present, and the officers' swords flashed against the rising sun, and ones of acclamation rang out from the bystanders, drunk with excitement and the passion of new-found liberty, the great bell of the cathedral tolled out its deep blaze, followed by the joyous pealing of the lesser bells. The great doors swung book, and followed by priest and acolytes the Metropolitan of Hanora strode out, his robes flashing about him, the Host held high. And though it shook within his hands, it was no fear of man that unstudied them, but the passion of joy and gratitude that brimmed his heart is this the day of jubilee. As all drew breath and bowed silent heads before the sacred symbol, the words of the bless- ing dropped from his lips, distinct and ringing across that fervid assembly, and not a man but rose from his knees with less of righteous anger, perchance, but more of steadfast purpose, feeling that this was no more border forays that he was set upon, but a very crusade, in that he had heard it blessed in the names of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. And then with ring of scabbard and bridle the troops for Koltcnom strode out between the envious Rees of their follows At the head of the array rode the Syndic and his daughter, and behind them, with Margetson at the head of the dragoons, Ludwig, the centre of a brilliant staff. Eight hundred horsemen held eager steeds in the squadrons that followed them, and in columns of companies the infantry came next, three regiments of stalwart mountaineers, for who could best lead the High- land men save their own Prince, who knew the half of them by name P At the tail of the infantry rolled the guns, clanging over the ill-paved cobbled streets, and back of them two more squadrons of horse closed up the rear. About the flanks of the array a little mob of followers and suffers hung, while greetings and good-byes showered from every balcony and house- top.. Bo amid the dust and uproar rolled out Illuria's first free levy to win their country's liberty, and with them Geoffery Margetson all unknowingly was treading the path to his own inheritance. The Duke rode with the cavalry till they had cleared the town and were beginning to gain the slopes of the low hills which roBO by easy ter- races to the peaks that bounded the eastern horizon. Then as the solid formation was changed to column, and the cavalry thrown out to flank the main guard and camp equipment, he reined back his charger, and with Karenyi and Ivara at hJB side, drew up to see the army pass, Ludwig and Mnrgotaon at the head. He sat upon his stallion like a statue till the dust closed over the tail of non-combatants that hummed about the rearmost files, merely raising his sword automatically to the salute as each battalion swung by with a cheer. He said no word to his companions, staring before him, drinking in each detail of the array with hungry eyes. At last with a deep sigh he turned to Karenyi and clasped his hand. " So they go, my brother God send them back with victory. When you and I meet again it will be with the land of our fathers free beneath our feet. Sustain that son of mine with your advice. You will find in Margetson a cunning and valiant man of war. His counsel is not to be despised. Good-bye, my brother ; God be with you till we meet again." " Till we meet again," answered Karenyi, quietly, but with a vigorous clasp of the band, and the two swung apart. The staff saluted punctiliously towards the Syndic., but each of them with more than half an eye to the charming picture made by his daughter, as with her father she cantered on to take again her place at the head of the array. And even the Duke, who for more than a score of years had scarce noticed if a lady was sixty or eUleeen, acknowledged to himself, as he noted the direction of their glances, that Margetson had some excuse for his too courteous treatment of her father, for how could he gainsay a man before such a daughter's face ? Musing which matter he rode slowly back to the town and palace, and there quickly forgot it in further preparations for his own start south, first among which were his despatches to the Prince of Savoy. These were quickly dictated, signed and delivered to Joscelyn, who had been warned to expect them, and before the day was old he was riding wearily up the mountain trail which he had descended but two days before the despatches in his breast and the remembrance of the scene which had met his eyes in his wife's boudoir still jealously vivid in his mind. For though any love he may have felt for his wife had died long since beneath her wanton tongue and temper, there be few men who cannot yield to the animal passion of jealousy when love has long been buried. In which they resemble exactly enough the dogs, who fight strenuously for a cast-away bond if they think some starving mongrel still discerns a taint of most about it. So with hostile thoughts to Ludwig very rampant in his brain, and for Ludwig's like to all who called him friend, Joscelyn rode silent and brooding through the passes and valleys that divided him from the Austrian Lowlands, arriving at a week's end at the headquarters of the Prince of Savoy. The latter's track had been broad enough the last two days of the ride, leading over the Wallachian borders, though signs of battle were wanting thereto. For the Turk had been taken extremely unawares, and the Austrians were far within his frontiers Were they met the resistance they looked for and desired. And this I came from some hastily equipped levies of Murad, Governor of Vilayet of the Danube, who pressed forward a few battalions to meet them at the gates of Comes, but all too late to save that fortress from falling into their hands. But as the main portion of his troops has more to do with our Story, let us hark back and see what the chances of war dealt out to them and to their leader. (To be continued.) 