he White Horse Veld: A TRANSVAAL -LEGEND. / . By II. A. BRYDEN rCOPYRIGHT. f Author of "Tales of South Africa," &c.;) In the year 1878, 'Hans Mostert, a Govern- 'fflcnt surveyor, -was trekking leisurely „1. ilm Eastern Transvaal, engaged in the duty of surveying new farms- for the re- (jntly established British Government. The territory of the bankrupt South African Re- tjnblic had. been annexed in the previous rear by Sir Thcophilus Sliepstone- on behalf the British, and- with characteristic An- rfo-Saxon energy the finances .of the now dependency were being, rapidly reorganised, lav and good government were being pushed into regions where they had been hitherto unknown, and the wild back country was being surveyed/ as rapidly as. possible. Jlostort was an educated Dutchman from the Cape Colony, who thoroughly under stood his duties, and from his knowledge of the Doer taal dialect and Boer idiosyn- Qjciea was enabled to carry out . his work far more smoothly than an Englishman. He had been hard at work for- months past, and having satisfactorily concluded a large portion of his task wns: now approaching the tunous hunting grounds of the Low Veld, ttlierc, in country still- swarming with big ramc, he looked forward to enjoying a long sooth or two of sport and reereation. His rife, a young Englishwoman, accompanied him,' and the two,, although well accustomed to the free and pleasing life of the back country, wore anticipating with feelings of the keenest pleasure an expedition into the mysterious and unkpown Low Country that lay before them. Evening was falling as the travel worn ; ataggon rumbled, slowly up to a rough Boer farm house which stood, thirty miles from my other civilised habitation,' remote and . mlitary, upon the lower slope of a frown- ' jag mountain side. Hans Mostert, who was riling, touched his: tired horse with the spur, and moved on a little ahead of his cavalcade, up to the door of the homestead. \- A big, untidy looking Boer- was standing, pipe in mouth, just outside the low stone dwelling, nnd to him Mostert addressed him- self. "Uncle," he said, can I outspan here?" "Ja," returned' the Boer, "you may out- : rpan. Who are yon, and where do you ; come from?" Mostert explained his business. The big Boer grumbled at the idea of an I- official of the hateful British Government I penetrating to this part of tlie world. But he was not an unkindly fellow. V "You arc an Afrikander of course?" he i (period. v "Yes," replied Mostert, "from the Old Colony. I suppose my family has been in -. South Africa at least as long as your own. We came over in 1679." i "That is good enough for me/' returned the lloer. "After all, we- are all of one , family. You may outspan in welcome and came in. I daresay the vrouw can give you 1 .' a shakedown. Is there anyone else in the |;;.raggoii?" Mostert had been awaiting that question 11 with some anxiety. "Yes," he answered, "my wife, an Eng. lishwoman." "An Englishwoman!" repeated the Boer I. in tin .altered tone. "Whcht ccn bietje ; (wait a moment) while I go inside." k The man went into his living room, and k Here for a few minutes engaged himself in fe doae confabulation with his wife. Pre . Hntly he emerged. - This time, as he ad- r dressed himself to Mostert, he avoided his . glance, and with a sheepish air plunged into his subject. -. "I am sorry, Kerel my friend, literally li'low or my dear fellow," he said, "but I He vromv says she won' t have an English- l- woman inside her. bouse. .'-You may out- |- (pan, and run your oxeiv-in the veld, and r take water, but We ean.'t iiave your wife I in here. You know our reasons." I. Mostert had half expected something of ji j. kind, but bis blood rose hotly at the |: discourtesy. However, he bad trekked j - »r, and was in no mood for going on tlmt j'_ sight through the deep and troublesome I- . foort that lay before him. I t. -H cat a very neighborly spirit, n\y j. mend, he answered quietly. "However, I - mn not just now inclined for argument, l a and my wile is tired. . I'll take vou at |: jow word, and outspan for the "night. I. e hosjiitality of the veld is good enough I or me. So saying, he turned his horse's ' r0l'c back a hundred yards, to his L aml oct-'Panned by a clear rill of I -fr tnat ran down the mountain aide. I - J- ?cl\ wer« sent . itl charge of their I ne leader for" an hour's grazing, the I; , Rca wre knee haltered and turned t. m.(0' " "ro w<13 nl"l supper got I w er.,vay> nl,d while these preparations J Vrt0 f1!'? maile Halls Mostert tuld his I to of his reception at the homestead. 8 m i „supl,<;!'' as they sipped their cofTeo i'/iiiinir 11 pk'TO-ring stars, and Moatert I ip_ ' . '"'i_oving pipe1 his wife produced I iha "le waggon and played, as i' em 't n> - an wandering airs that f'-mJa .i . inncy. A clear moon, came Iv Bm ii i . s'mulder of the mountain, pal- I '&! brightness of the stars, and spread- iWTlerfu "ght over the wild tand- 0 ' r Jrf" lrescntly, as she played-' on, Kate i' lv. and her hnsbitnd noticed the big I- Am.' , .Btnia, steal out of his- front l-ifcw Wd tw f bis lads gland, 12 . nig manifestly with.: great interest. to the plaintive strains, of the violin. In , ,1W '"'nates, however, the vrouw came to the door saw and heard what was go- £?' f" J a sharp voice called thcin n. I lie trio kept back again, obedient at her command, the door was shut, and nil was quiet for the night. Mostert and his wile exchanged glances, as this little scene was enacted under the strong moonlight, and smiled. . I am Dutch myself," said Mostert, rc- uqctiyely, and to some extent I can sym pathise with the bitterness of the Trans- vaal Bocra at the annexation last year. But the hatred of these women for any thing English passes my comprehension." Just then a Kaffir stole up to the camp fire, saluted- the white man and his wife, and asked to be taken into service. Ho came from a kraal hard by. He bad heard the Baas was going hunting into the Low Veld, and lie would act as guide and spoor game for him. The man was a Makatesc and spoke a Basuto dialect, which Mostert could easily comprehend. The surveyor made many inquiries, and half agreed to engage him. Questioning further, he ascer tained that two roads, or rather trucks, ran through the mountains down to the hunt ing veld. He expressed his wish to take the left hand one, as it led him more into the country he wished to penetrate but, to his surprise, the Makatese demurred to .this route. It would lead the Baas, ho said, into a piece of country three or four days ahead, that was mtaguti (bewitched). It was the country of a terrible white horse, ridden by an unseen rider, the ghost of a murdered Boer. It was a good game coun try, but no one, Dutchman or Kaffir, dared to hunt there. Mostert and. liis wife laughed heartily as the Makatese finished his yarn. The very seriousness of the man aggravated the hu mor of the thing, and as lie stood there in the fire blaze, the flickering lights playing upon his smooth bronze skin and awe- stricken face, they could scarcely contain their mirth. But the man wns in real car- nest; for him the subject was l'ar too serious for jest. With some dignity he made his farewell. "Let the Baas ask the Boer there" — pointing to the homestead— "in the morn ing," lie said. "He will find that what I have told is the truth." He departed to his kraal, after a present of a pannikin of hot coffee and some tobac co, and Mostert and his wife, turning into their comfortable waggon— fitted with green baize inside, and making quite a cosy apart ment—slept peacefully till dawn. In the morning the surveyor walked over to the Dutchman's cattle and goat kraals, where he found Botma counting out his flocks and herds as they went "forth to pas ture. That important operation concluded, Mostert addressed himself to his subject! He inquired the road to the best hunting veld, and incidentally mentioned the Kaffir's absurd tale of the night before. Botma'sfucc suddenly lengthened and grew grave. "The tale i3 true enough," lie said. "That veld, 'Wit paard Veld' 'White Horse Veld', so we call it, or 'Van Schoor's Veld,' is haunted. Thirty years ago Frans Van Schoor first trekked in there hunting. He .was a morose, savage fellow, and hated the idea of any other man sharing his 'sport, and, mounted on his avhite horse, he would chase Kaffirs and even. Dutchmen out of the country. Sometimes he fired a shot or two to hurry them out, and there are many queer, tales told of his treatment of .the Kaffirs. Well, other Boers scarcely liked this sort of thing, and one of them, rioter Rossouw, went in and began shooting. Van Schoor came after him, the men bad a vio lent quarrel, Van Schoor raised his gun, and Rossouw shot him dead as lie sat on hfs white horse. The horse galloped away with its dead rider and was killed by lions, and the pail- were never seen again— except as spooks. Rossouw himself died a violent death soon after, far. up in the north. And ever since that time this veld is haunted by Van Schoor's white horse, ridden by au un seen rider. My friend, take my advice, don't go into that country. You are sure to re pent it. Many men have tried it, allured by the. crowds of game. But whoever sees the white horse is sure to have bad luck. I know it," said the big Boer, with deep emphasis in his great voice, "for my own family have suffered. Death or some other great misfortune is sure to overtake, if not the man himself who sees this spook, some one of his kin. I say ngain, don't go there or you'll bitterly repent it. Death surely rides in the White Horse Veld." The Boer was so obviously in earnest that Mostert did not care to injure his feelings by laughing at his tale, as lie felt inclined to do. He" thanked Batma for his informa tion, told him lightly that he himself had little faith in spooks or apparitions, and, having gained what further information ho wanted as to the country in front of hiui, wont his way. His men were inspanning the oxen, as lie had ordered, breakfast awaited himself and his wife at the little camp table oii the shady side of the waggon, nnd, the meal de spatched, and everything put in its place and made snug, they prepared to depart. The Makatese Kaffir squatted by the rem nants of the camp fire, where lie hud been assisting ll,e mcn nt brcukfast;- Mostert came up to liim. "Well, my man," he said, arc you com ers the Baas going into the White Horse Veld?" asked the native, looking up from a hone he was picking. "Yes; I shall hunt there first, answered tBe white man. "Then, Baas, I can't' go with you. Life is pleasant, and I don't care to run risks with spirits,, and things of witchcraft. Farewell, Nkos, recollect T warned you." Mostert climbed lightly to liis saddle. "Farewell,!' he replied , in Sesuto. "When I come back this way in a month or two's time you will be sorry for yourself. You _will have lost two or three gold sovereigns in wages, plenty of sport, and more food than yon could have, eaten." The .waggon rolled on ahead, Mostert's wife Bitting on the box enjoying the fresh winter- morning and the magnificent scenery in front of them, and. Mostert himself, can- ; tering on, was soon, alongside. In less than a week's time the Government surveyor's waggon was right in the heart of the dreaded country. They had descended terrace after terrace of hill and mountain; picking their way by kloof and pass through some of the wildest and grandest scenery in South Africa, and were now encamped in a fair rolling country of grass, and bush and timber, through the heart of which ran a pleasant river. Game .was plentiful. Already Mostert had killed koodoo, impala anil waterbuck. They had found a sppcnv— of giraffe, lion, buffalo, and other luiaSy nnd having fixed liis camp on ai'ebrof-rtjT ing ground above the river, J&at;'ert rode off one morning to hegin. his firptlrsal hU'utuH' the new veld. He was away lPday %nff to wards evening came into eampy vfrtlt his na- tivc after-rider, loaded up with'fjuffalo'')h6at and a good impala ram. His wife "wrts-.sit- ting in her low camp chair under a shady tree. She caught sight of her husband quickly, rose, and came forward to meet liim. He saw as he dismounted that her face was very pale, her eyes were burning and excited, something manifestly had hap pened. "What is it, Kate?" he queried, as he stooped to kiss her. "Anything happen ed?" "Oh, Harry!" (his name was Hans, but, English-like, she called him Harry) she re plied, in low yet excited tones, "I don't want to alarm the men, who arc disturbed enough already. I have seen it. We have all seen.it, and— well, I can't tell you why, but I am afraid— afraid. It's foolish, I know; but, Harry, there's something wrong, something evil, about this place." "Come, wife," he returned, "you are need lessly upset. A touch of fever possibly. I see you're not well. Come under the trees and sit down, and tell me quietly what you have seen." They strolled to the trees, Mostert mean while giving some orders as to feeding the horses and kraaling the oxen early within a strong thorn fence already erected, and then his wife began. "Harry." she said, "don't think 1 am imagining things, or that l am ill. What I tell you I have seen is Gospel truth; Law rence and the boys will corroborate me in all I say. We had a most pleasant day, resting here, and getting the camp quietly into order. The men worked well, and. Lawrence, as he always does, kept things going capitally. After lunch I had a stroll towards the river, keeping within hail of the waggon, and then came back and. had some coffee towards 4 o'clock. Half an hour later— I suppose an hour before you rode: in— I was standing near the fire, giving some directions about the cooking. Law rence was close to me. Suddenly he turned to me. " 'By gosh, ma'am," he cried, 'a white horse cantering this way. Whose can it be? A bolter, for any money. It's saddled and bridled.' "I looked, and there, surely enough, gal loping steadily across the grass, alongside the river, came a white horse. It came/ right on, and passed within 60 yards of ipf. It was, as Lawrence said, saddled and bnd» led, and went exactly as if someone uii" riding it. That was the queerest part of it. As it swept past a strange feeling came oveF ine. I can't explain it but some horrible dread seized upon me, a chill pierced me" —here she laid her left hand to. her heart — "and I felt faint and sick. I stood staring as the thing swept by— without a sound, miud you, Harry, without a sound— and then it vanished into the bush youder up the valley— "Look, look," she cried, clutching her hus band's arm with a grip that astpnished him, "it's coming back. What is it, in God's uame?" Mostert looked up tlie vnlley, nnd there, surely enough, cantering towards them, with that curious triple that tlie Boer3 nag so often lias, was a white horse. Mos tert was quite calm, and gazed bard and long, taking in every detail. The horse was a rough looking, ill- groomed, shooting pony, and as it approached closer lie saw that it was bitted with a severe curb hit, such as Dutch hunters love, and that it- carried an old-fashioned saddle. The sun was nenring its hour of setting; everything in the vailev was steeped in the glorious red glow of the parting rays. Tlie air was warm and plea sant. Yet, as the horse came along, a strange dullness seemed to creep up the valley. Mostert felt it, and could icarce repress a shiver; his wife shuddered visibly. As the lioi-se ran by, -Mostert noticed that, just as his wife had' told him, it moved exactly as if bestridden by some invisihle rider- If cocked its ears buek and forth, just as a ridden horse will da, and its very movement seemed to indicate that it obeyed the guidance a£ same unseen hand- It was- more than uncanny; and yet, there ia the broad daylight, what else could it. be but flesh and blood?" Yet again/ as Mostert listened,, there was not the sound of n hoof stroke- The animal passed, tripled steadily down the valley, and finally "became lost, to view ip te jungle, "A funny thing, a develisb funny thing," exclaimed Mostert to his wife, in . a tone far more cheery than his inward feelings warranted, "but we'll find out more about it to-morrow. Everything is explainable in this world. No doubt we shall hit upon a simple enough clue to the- mystery. Come and have Supper, old girl, and don't let the thing worry you any more." ' . .They had supper, and gradually the eamp assumed a work cheery aspect and, with a soupje or two of grog to the men, all turned in to sleep happily enough. Next day Mostert busied himself about the camp cleaning up heads, pegging out skins, and salting, and drying meat for bil tong. Outwardly he was cheerful and con- : tented, but inwardly he was waiting and watching, always, at every minute of the day, watching for something that never came. He had had a long talk with. Law rence; his factotum, foreman and handy man, an honest and reliable Englishman, and his plan of action was decided upon. His wife, cheery and tender as be was to Jier, was depressed and out of sorts. NotU- llfigjlrpparcntly, could banish some unac- e'atfntiible,, load that weighed upon her spirita'-'Aflernoon came and passed. At iwlfipasti, ijust at the hour at which Kate hbstert, flail seen it on the day before, the riderless". "p'hite horse came cantering, along the. . valley. Mostert and Lawrence had picked, up their rifles and were ready for it, and as it passed within 60 paces of them, each took steady aim and fired. Both men were good shots; neither of them could well have missed that easy target. Yet the . white horse passed on, untouched, uninjur ed, while the bullets struck up the red dust far across- the river. Again, an hour later, came the uncanny thing, and again the rifles' were discharged at it. The thing passed untouched, silently, inexplicably; yet to the eye; as it ambled by in the warm evening light, it seemed, surely, a solid creature of flesh and blood. And yet, as :it passed, came again that unaccountable feeling of . fear, loathing and depression, which one had noticed upon its first ap pearance. Mostert had had enough of the White Horse Veldt and its mysteries, and trekked out early next morning. Within a week his: wife sickened,, and four days later lay dead, poor soul,, within her waggon. Whether she died of fever caught in the low country during that brief visit,, or whether the horror that seemed to have gripped her heart, had really caused her. death, her husband never could tell. He could only recall Botma's warning, and . curse the hour . that led him into the haunted veldt. He nursed his wife in her last days at Botimi's farm house, and buried her near that desolate homestead. Vrouw Botma for once forgot her hatred of the Euglish, and in poor Knte Mostert's last hours tended her as assiduously and as tenderly as if she had been her own flesh and blood. And the grim Boer woman shed mauy a kindly tear over the fair young wife, out off. in the. flower of her days. Fever or spook, you. ask me? I know not, nor to this hour can Hans Mostert— now a grey- haired- man— himself say- There are things unexplainable. passing daily in this world of ours! To this day fever haunts the deadly Low Country. -And to this hour, if you chance to trek through the borderland of the Eastern Transvnal, you may learn that Vurt Schoor's white horse still haunts its rider's ancient hunting grounds, an object of dread and mystery to all lylio- know of it. : V ',? / 1 ll 