The Argus. PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in the place where I am demanded of con- science to speak the truth, and therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected letters cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. Correspondents are advised to keep copies of their letters, as this rule will be adhered to strictly. SATURDAY, AUGUST 18, 1900. The men who in the streets of modern business build up great fortunes are usually shrewd and hard-headed, but they commonly have the defects of their qualities. They lack imagination. Their horizon is narrow. If they are in- capable sentiment. If they have the edge of steel, they have also, not seldom, its hardness. And though they are capable—the American variety of millionaire especially—of splendid gifts to universities, yet their sense of the value of literature, and their desire to serve literature, are usually of a very primitive and unin- structed sort. But London supplies the example just now of a millionaire, a man of real business genius, who has for literature an almost religious reverence, and who has rendered the most splendid service to English litera- ture on record. Mr. George Murray Smith, of the great publishing house of Smith, Elder, and Co., is a successful busi- ness man of a very rare and fine type, and has built up for himself a reputa- tion and position in London of a very enviable sort. And a genius for busi- ness is united in him to a reverence for literature not often found in the keen, absorbing rivalries of business. He is the founder of the "Cornhill " Magazine" and of the "Pall Mall " Gazette;" the discoverer of Charlotte Bronté, the friend and publisher of Thackeray, of Browning, of George Eliot, of nearly every successful poet and novelist who has achieved fame in English literature during the last half- century. And Mr. Smith has just com- pleted a signal and memorable service to the history and literature of the race to which he belongs. Some twenty years ago he conceived the plan of publishing a great biographi- cal dictionary which should record the lives of all the men and women of British birth, from Alfred to Welling- ton, who have distinguished them- selves by their achievements. In that task he spent £150,000; upon it he has expended an organising skill sufficient to have built up a great fortune. He knew that the enterprise meant a very heavy financial loss; but the great book was to be his gift to the history and literature of his nation. The result is the "Dictionary of National Bio- " graphy," in sixty-three fine volumes, perhaps the finest, as it certainly is— measured by bulk—the greatest, work in the English language. So wide is the sweep of the work that it contains no less than 30,000 biographies. A work which, to quote Mr. John Morley, contains "millions of definite " statements of minute fact, thousands " of biographical judgments, and " many hundred of historic verdicts," very naturally includes a good few errors. But there never was a great work in any language compiled with greater care and industry and thor- oughness than Mr. Smith's dictionary. His staff consisted of the ablest men of the day. So perfect was the busi- ness organisation of this great work that each of its sixty-three volumes made its appearance in succession, on the assigned dates, with something like astronomical regularity. The work, indeed, is without a rival or an equal in modern literature of all languages. Mr. Smith's great dictionary, in the words of one of its many admiring critics, has "lifted the tomb-stones " from thirty thousand graves, many " of them forgotten people." And this work, which will last as long as the English language, is due to the generosity and patriotism of a single private citizen. France, Germany, Austria, Belgium—even little Sweden —have their national collections of bio- graphies; but they are in every case the production of either the State itself or of some great state-endowed university. The great work in which is enshrined the names and deeds of all the famous characters of the British race owes its existence to the energy and generosity of a single indi- vidual. The English race is curiously and unwisely careless of the memories of its great men and women. The typical Englishman is absorbed in the affairs of to- day. He has little vision for to- morrow, and even less memory for yesterday. It would be unfair to say he has no gratitude for the men who have built up his empire, founded his cities, written his books, and won for him the ample liberty he enjoys. But he takes no pains to remember them. If he erects a monument to some great statesman or soldier or discoverer, he straightway goes on his plodding, un- sentimental road, and allows the monument to decay, and the hero or sage in whose honour it stands to be forgotten. Some great names, it is true, have written themselves inefface- ably on the English imagination. Alfred and Elizabeth, Drake and Nelson, Shakespeare and Milton, Marlborough and Wellington. But the number is limited, and the overwhelm- ing majority of the once famous men and women of the race are allowed to fade into oblivion, to vanish like ghosts from the general recollection. And this habit of easy and careless forgetfulness of its own great men in- jures the general reputation of the race. In the opinion of foreigners, in- deed, we are not an intellectual people. We are a stolid, heavy-footed, heavy-brained race, who have a trick of succeeding; but intellect is not our gift, still less imagination. And we consent to that verdict with a good- natured indifference, which has behind it a flavour of half-haughty pride. But the truth is that the English- speaking race is richer in almost every form of intellectual force than any other people. It is one merit, indeed, of Mr. George Smith's great dictionary that it brings to a focus—it makes visible—what may be called the human wealth—the perennial succession of supremely able men and women in every department of human life— which characterises our national his- tory. What greater name is there in poetry than Shakespeare; in science than Bacon or Newton; in fiction than Scott or Dickens; in war than Marl- borough or Wellington; in seamanship than Drake or Nelson; in art than Reynolds or Turner; in industry than Brunel or Stephenson? Milton has been described as "the stair, or high " table-land, to let down the English " genius from the summits of Shake- " speare." How high, then, must be that far-off summit! The human intel- lect reached its highest point in Shakespeare; yet never was a genius more characteristically and essentially English than his. It would be easy to make a very amusing collection of epigrams which have been emptied on the supposed "slowness" and dul- " ness" of the English intellect, on its stupidity and narrowness. Some of the keenest of these epigrams are ex- pended by Englishmen on themselves. It was a man of English stock who described his race as "heavy- witted " and material." It was another who declared that "an horizon of brass of " the diameter of his umbrella" shuts down round the Englishman's intel- lect. It was yet another who declared that "a good Englishman shuts him- " self out of three-fourths of his " mind, and confines himself to one- " fourth." And yet this narrow, dull, heavy-witted race has girdled the earth with its colonies, does three- fourths of the trade of the world, has written its most famous books, built up its greatest empire, and made its great discoveries! It is not often that a book can be described as the monument of a nation. But Mr. George Murray Smith's great dic- tionary is really the literary monu- ment of the British people; a monu- ment not cast in bronze, or carved in marble or granite, but wrought in yet more enduring material. The movement in opposition to woman suffrage is making way in Victoria. It may very well be that our experience will be that of the United States, where at one time the cause appeared to be gaining ground, and where it has now fallen so low that none will do its reverence. To-day in America it is largely in the hands of semi-professional women, who are either ignored or laughed at. Neither the Republican nor the Democratic leaders have touched it in their plat- form this year, recognising that to do so would mean the certain loss of the Presidential election. With a rising tide of piotest from Mctorlan ssomen in siesi It Is to the Assembls i ullin than to Hie Couucll that sie ought to lool loi i cbaugi of ii ont J he io luctauce of the Council to foice the franchise upon an unsiilllng sex Is noss getting appro» al of the highest 1 possible mil oilts-th it of »»oman hiibclf It is the SsscniMs sshlcb has Dieu o»ei bust» not the Conn«ii »»bleb has bien osoiisloiv Until the »»omen of th« colouj nul e It hulls put ilil-s clem tint thes sinnt the sote it ouj-ht not to be "¡stn to them Hut is lo sas politic ii responslblllts otii_ht no1, to be Hu list upon them Politicians svlio lushed uuthlnl in_,ls ift i Hieb leideis Into commitlil lo ' ssomin snftia"c nias be coniloited bs * the nlltetlon ti t It the» allo»s thun seises a suomi HioiiL,ht on Hit subiiet 1 Hu» is ill lu in ixidhut-in j-ouulnd» I 11 el ii-com]) ins Un motin i pi., s»i ).ise m ii tide dualling some 1 notiblc ii »tis ils of opinion. Tohu ]_i"hf di iii"id lils mind II he slid lu, lils 1 itei utlciinci ssonicu sulTei m » oui boeill ssstim It Is the f mil of 1 oin non ds Ills ilion not ot oin lins folds»lu Smith chingid his mind \\\lthlu tin duli or lils u ' t|iliiiiilanti lu noted that Hu bist n piestut itisis ol Hull six »»ni ion tent to Iiic siithoul the li luchist llirbeit Speiicei eliiugcd lils mind 1 Ills sotonel thought ivas that lutuio lils dlsqualllkd ivomcii foi tilt bulliens of govuiimint And a dis 1 tinguisliitl Vint lit in ilivini Bishop \ in« i ni Hu I ulindi i ot f hiiutaiiquii « liaiUi il his mind Hit nsuit of veins ol wide and eau lui obst nation His opinion Is pontt full) e \pitsse el - I lind ionic woitli) women «lifiiiding I it lui the iiinjoi ti c1 oui hist liomin is I nilli oin in« s iiitilh_,cnl doun lu in 1 (.oil) motlici». nether i 1 f i uoi ii ne li lill lllstlinl if HlOlllllllOOll lb Itllllht I ilu hi ii «run itli ii of m 11 l m in lui I is i, unit it Hu moven nt n- it ' i el i | lotest (.linst tin li] l »iii Illili lihtDiiH nuil functions by Ml tin ol M Inch nil i» le| cn Is Ilion i nil i i\ Hid b) tin olhii Hu si au sninpks if ullin el views on this question Whin ¡.ii ii min han bun c iiighl In Hu supuliilil u"*ii mini ¡n I ii oin ol worn ni snllitiM WI ni til not mimi ii Us liistv uloptlon l)\ Hit liss .eiltill Bul winn Blight («liidstoiu (toldwin Smith mel Ilu I but Spe uti i have li id Hu moi il «oin nge to iiinfiss lo m emu ol iuilg I tut ut un ol us min dan to lollow i V small minni itv ol Mc (oil ni Moulin uiidoubltdlv disiu to lu in liiiuhlsod *e ltw of them II pu sundi ti Hint tin I'arliiimuiturv loti is a ueiiss.m coutisslou to st\ ii|iiiilltv a doe tiini iv lill li Is un linn to ¡híin Olhus au tall itlvi laddlsls willi uithti a lil big len public pintloiius V nil nilli is iga In pnliips Hu mist luminous section nu social u fount is -the WCM! foi instante*-hv ivhoni the lianolilsi Is lool tel upon as an In stiuiniut wliuebv Huv nuv nieiii quid Iv ni ¡ile vc Hu ii alms I lu v howl vu muj lu 'nslitil lo pondu ivhtlhei bv tnlulng lim pollHcnl mm as so lo spill bdligutuls ¡lui do not sut) Hit ii mon limn tint pilli Outside thal aiuia tin v linn tht dunno of nioiiilli iiifliicniliu, all mm folk In ltgnd to the uin.tU.ix in I gaging thtb Hyinpntliv and iidvocni^v Hut the very large majority ol' Vic- torian women have never clamoured for political liosvcr. "Why force elec- toral duty upon themV When, to use Bishop AMneoiit's svords, "our best " women, especially our most lntelll "gent, domestic, und godly mothers," desire the 'I'ailhinieutiiry vote. It svlll not be refused to I hem. Hut If In Vic- toria, as In the United States, they are content »vith e.xelusioii fruin the fran- chise as something entirely consistent svllh a lilgli «'oncepiloii of svoiiiaii lHiui!, svhy drag li»'!» 'H'0 polillos? Tho I'riinelilSL». IIH an eminent Ameri- can, Dr. .!. M. Hucldey, points out, does not mean the mere dropping of a piece of paper Into the ballot-box. but "Implies the svhole millie of "thinking, fooling, ami ucllng. ol' " svliloh a s-ote is Hie concent rated c\ " pri-Hlon." II does liol folio»»' thal because «»?(mitin slums Hie bullot-box" she has no profoundly Important duty lo the state. Dr. Hockley says: "Tin* Binti* ondule» bei'iHim theio me* (?oiiftiiutly fie'sh IU'I'IVIIIH thiiiiiu.lt the lunn lie» Into svhicll society Is ilii'idcd. Tho atnie directly tid(_ no coguis/uiuo of llioso iminatuio being» who, though iiiiiiian, uro without strength or understanding. . Their parents are' their ruler«, reeponsible, for __________________________ then t-uppoil nuil iviui m" tin pic i_,i In IB of cro\ el numil IJ.SU ii nun 1 iii n ?.lining Hiibiiiis-iion inimitlil to du ti imp) ison mid du lit then nitions ni linn biilesn wills ¡n piopoilion ns this nilli within ii »tiitt is in ui)l until in it» nite_, nty ik tin nation stioug liiq | v in I 1 lospeious Ulis stale witlilu i slid ¡s winn ins sphoie Ul ot us ni iii htm s lo im authóilti th ii ltdgiiing uml iulin" In Hit home sin i tudu s mi mi oin pnuhlv lilghci suvleo lo the nation than slu could lendu In iniltullii^ mini is n politician \ittiui his issigued lo bel tho bettet pitt lu ¡li md If left to hu own he ni s ti ne li ¡íig she will not quimil vvitli lim dtci ce Hie I'ctunsulii mid Oiicntil Coinpim q liol d mail slenmer Sictoni »»ith J ni.li h minis to Jill» 20 aimed it \lbum boin Colombo ut 2) minuits past 10 o clock u terdi» morning She lesumeil liei ielie,o in the nfteinoon, mel should null Sdi lnide next iSlondn} in lime loi titi m nls 11 he ilespitilicd li» tin nfteiiioon s cxprc If she does so the Alclbuitiiie piitiin t hci ni nls should he in id ihle foi deiner, on luesdii} moniini» In the town edition of I lu lusti ii ntinn ' ti sketch is cngiiitd ot HIL lui flinci null ing his lecord liud_ct itnLeiucnt S palliait ii nltlo yien ot Ihe Hoei dene ml De SSet ii «n ipshol lulen ut tin lill of Ki loiifilul \ feioup ot \ iel ni III guli he school boys nt the li out nu lu li s ? oi tiuits ot Colonel tom Pilli I iiiitniiint. Staughton, Chomln, J Lille»,! H Sii.lei son, d Hi lice, nuil Acimut!} -r_i ii Ruddock I ho Piemiei stales Hint llie deei ion (f I' nliiiiiciit to «dil anolhei lottnti} e i qtitucne} to the 1 edernl Llcclm iles Hill mil entinl a eonsiileinble niiiuiiiil of uni ni prepin Ilion of i new pi ni llmieiei he sus, the Goiernmcnl intend li do it« best lo}nil} to enrr} out Hu wiall of 1'itlii ment Yestculi} the C ibuict »»cut cut fullv mto the mittei, mil the I'lcmiti hopes to bo lendy nilli the ulleietl scheine ia about t fortnight It is the intention of HIL Alinistci fu Lands (Jil JM Coll) to introduce a lull lo the Legislative Assimbl» cul» neil »»eel to pro» ide lor the purchn«e ot the \\\ ilm i I «tate, nodi Hoi shuni, lol the pulp) t subdmsion the estile consults of 1) I I , ros of I n I . I « I " ' I.lires ol lund, nilli uiioieliiig In tile* pin visional agreement the pine lo lie inn! |> Hie Hot eminent is JL.1/5/ pei icic llr piovisionH ol Mr. Al'Coll s bill «ill lu somewhat sunda) to (lioso eonliineil m tin» act for Hie purchase of the W indoi ile Ijbtntc, nour (Jnateiton. At a meeting of the C.ibinol u «Uni n the qucfition of the Ideal late« lmpo-cd nu leitam illilwa)» carne up foi tonsultt iium. It will be leiiienibeied lh.it when Hie \'m. tonn lo l'ltlicld lailwnj lim* ins litlou the House lhere was .1 stiong t*\prt-siun «.f opunon lli.it these mtes i-lioiild In. abolished. The Government constele inl tlie subject one that requueel careful iden lion, und it was vntuallv decided In icier the wliolo question lo tile iStiiiiclini! ( -rim nuttec on llailiviijs foi it poil . Yestei day ut 11 special f iliinit mutin. the icpoit of the t'nblie hen ne Uuli.-i hellion Uojitl wns ilisiin-iil it -..uno length. It lias decided luloie ¿owg iniUiti' into the question lo obtain 11 itpuu lion each Alinistei showing how Hie icpoit would nil ci t lu« depailraciil When ilii,c repolin aie ptcpiiccl Hie mitti 1 mil ngiin be taken into loiisideinlion The select cominittie iippninlul (11 III. quite into the lUuimsLiiiii-, .illimliiig tim dii-inmsil of Austin Al'llalt*, 1 iientei in tin* employ of (lie K.ulw IJ ilipirtnunt, for .illi'ged di uni inuchs on ,1 1111111 \ ill, ISM, met vesteidnv .it i'aih inniit linii-i llr. Minni It, Ml. \, pu-idcl, ind lime mid also ¡licscnk Jil. tlosepli ililli«, 111.1, Ah. Hionilev, Alii 1, «uni Mi Moult, AILA. 'Hie witncs-i-, pimnpill! cm ploves o£ the ilcpiilmint, vijio ¿ne np deine it tbc clipm tmtntui ititi ni 1 \ ii pi.itid that cvielinic, wini li Undid lo «-lion til it Al'ilale ppiformed lu« dillie «il-fu toulv it tile billin .it J'niiic't. bnd¿c (ii the evening winn it wa« illigcd tint im WHS iiiloMittlctl Ali. Wm lii/iiuriik, llipillV lOlllIlllSI-lOlll'l ol l.lllllll», 11 IS ll-ll cMiiuniil. He sutrd tbil ullin tin ii« was befoie the iippcal lionel, illa ill lim witni's«i« lind lett Hie mum, lu vu» ulled in, and w.isa-kid b) the ill munn »lulim he lould miidif} Ins prenons nu mini i li lion foi Hie distills ,| 0f _ |] ,|c ," ,| bond thoutjit tint the ni in »» is,, ,|ul a teilt)»» ' iii ícpliLil nilli nu put nu t Uni he could no1 do so, o»»mt to »I 11 ile li ii ni«, on lillee occ i-mus pie» ii til» lie it icpoitid foi líeme, mulei the millième t liiiuoi Sh Moule, nsked the »»mu « II it »»us ii fiel tint, without lu mug ii suiple »»oui of ihe eiitlinte mil »»itli lil li »n" li id in uppui limit» III Jlll0lll0 ii Hit ile ineauoiii eil Hie «i itnesse , he hil nilli) up his mimi tint M 11 di »» is m in i in; millième if Input! tin the di» ni i| le ti li mid Mi J il,:p iluil iciihetl in tin ilium i tue st ilint, tint lu ut«|itcil Hit le i i ii of the ippeil ho n d in Hu ) nu Mi Moule (oinnieiilcd se» en I» upon ilu |ii «line in loiuiiilinn »nth the m pim I» die uppcil hu ml Hie fm Um In tims .> die tusL ni« idji.iii nul peiidiui, ilu urn ti l t »»ilntss »ilu» is n piiseni nu, 1 un i sunn ul the Mildil! i line In mûrioloiiid i ml«.iLii«c ii linn mil ft tilt tun» LI- »nil hi held ni »hliioiiinc on Siptoiuhci 12 ULM ii iiu«iilu ti t » i nous lu»» s iiluimg III nisei I [I Hi« incctniL. lins been nil inc.!ti li» ilu M I m mull ul Vi H ullin« ot J isiniiiii li lui line, in UpllOltUllll» »»ill he t,icii l l'1 deligitis lo »i«il the \ icleiiin mu I und Rindin» nilli n nil» »t «(ins li»» »»eil the» ni lept milln tin \ 1 um r«~ inil liions li is | nib ibh iii t Mi M r tin, Hie unttnii li) iii \ ni ii " Uti m mini til IgiicuKinc »»ill linne, ullin I't notin of til« mulei i net HIL II II I Inn I n totcII' iipililion insul III N » 's "' \\\ liles »Illili piolnhils (he «\pni nun I Libbum mid «iiililltiiiii- I i lim t ' »i fl Olli Sllttlllll IlLIIIUse li 111 ill« ^. «I >l|a List knolln is black spit Sh lopp Hit I niki Senti n» li - i lined st »i ml (Ilpili linn i u li II ill I <> Clml Vin lui» tu ni Hi «mil »i» m th, Mtiolltn nilli« it (.etlnni, llilhnl n WilluiinstiHii Hu tlel kit « pi tub 1 |H Lit Ullin lls'l Ulf lint li li lilli nnrl t li I Iiointid uiidei HIL I ninnes uni sli M Act, to lix Ihe u iges in the niiolliu nu m fin torn» H H is lepiLsiiited tint d'< ti UIL lind spiel ii ft linn « ut its i » u m I tluil milln Intention ii »»mihi 1 lilt» to cx'innd »m (on-ulei ihl» I li se 11 I , li »» is inguiil, nindi it nut«« I» lint lo lunge» slitinlil be lind ut nu i ni» >' u Ib. wigu. at picint piiuiluig '''""*.'? to till ilcput itioii win uiy l"\ '* hiebest foi nclult muli s beil.), W 1"' .?*?'. . mil the .iv tuite WIR. lu nun »T0I"'", n «lnliliin Innig II lier wuk In »"" " the mills it was nilibili (Int the» <'..'» did not undi.stund th. *-t.tim»» I" which the) win pud A one of ti», mi«-. ,1 WHS Mini tint nilli nul mc» weie. oil li iicmiligfioiii 17/0 to ti nu m J' lopp inoi.iii.ul to Mibnnt I ii pi it' "¡\'""* the KUitemints nindi* In Hu Lind ««" tun ¡he .n-s.Htint «.''wnoei ,_f ,lll',"),\'i!,', "supple depulnicnt (llr \ *» . moil '" tiuiislitel ii billi I c poll le tin ç.iif gnu el ou Un M.illu MU .. '?'l':,1V,,|, tintes tln.l ni tin Si did i I*'"»' Kimnn Siimglii I dl'i'l l l""", WnU h,,',,. nil i i. K11 » «..-l-truts'iint Mint nu, min i...... ,, .,. of tin pi null mid ibu« conn«il t ml « UP, (itlui ijiipti ii ni ule t-o \ fe» t ni » willi iMiplionallv liiMiinnlili c iti linn ill- ili c lull Hit innifail eimi | Hun in 1 a-fc mc tun nit iniiniiii -...». ?--.?_-? lins lieen run which lumen. In I-»" inllv lullen m h«l.t «I.«»"'- , ' . V piospulB up lo the Iiiesi.it m "?"" ?'. good, nuil lilli". "" ,1al"1,1," Í "s, ,li ? di pinding on Hie ih" I'I' s, ' ' («ni uns fiom oin I. tw M H ST,H,.n.i.U.l«ut llmlllii;'!»' hen pul m il'i'ingilu"" »»,' Äxr-I"? « r , :¡i ion lllllll K, lim i"* ».".'"" ,.,., i" lim Lion lum pi ou (I of nu K1..imbi». » 'I'" '" ?"*. ilinllliU eli|iilliluig nn it foi vi uti I .Hu munni HP ni »f 'M' ,( A), ¡,, iluef iiibpiiti. of iMildfiuf. I'1' "| liiHl V( li luis bun l.ie;*uilid "''"",'""" )iu liiuiiliid ind Lily lina* Inoi'"* ". ' '", mit i\pl..»iui «eli issiul ' I»!' ni " ..'.^^«TV-.1 'iï":.:i..u '¡^ ' ," Iv . mil. OdS 71011. M '/¿ft..,1!' .ím «10 1K)II. bliHhiiulM.*.-. W.I., «..o lui' |.(i«riei "".1,'V\l, i, | U-M77II. 1.KIP fi Will, UK ionium d « ''.'(.^ *" ¡n \m (Juin ?*T»n";f^mfö, t cartridge»-, dotoncitoi*«, ¿jfe > . > .lsc',u¿ "c worn uïipwt'l 'I'»'»« .'Traacnl, 1iem«, ,1Tr i«» i snub lue»»oik«, I letonei, »\lnle 27 iTickdioek innmifittiniiig licenses ncie issued during the sen There ure no»» HO un-i/ines unilei license, the lcport states, lMiust 89 m Hi»- pieviQ is }eu, und ilso ¿1 (, ii el liment ungi -íes, used ehiefls foi the MOI i_i of comlueioial explo-iies «hilo the l,lii numbai of pieiuises non liccimed it '.'al, h-iiig nu nicicme ol 672 oiei Hint ? I ,ne pienoiis »eu 'lheiç is no mention ,»1» ile» ei in the u »oit of the ne»» poudei m ii?i/mes »t Alton iJh», »ol conscquentl} tin Ultim ilion us to »»hen thev »»ill be* e nunile ted Die find stigeti of bei el ii Hall-nit ( iiiulv Coull i HIS html I ist month »»eie iii- lost I ot b» Dcput} Judge lohnston in Hie Hind Cull Coiut »csteidns lil li elise »ihem (liomin Mnlthousc c1 lime I J.1 i00 oa u y.s fi >m the Hepburn l»xtcnded IT "\r t im|nn» loi injin lea snstniiied in in icu ile it it the mine III lui», 18J9 mil illicit Hie jim nisucitd leitun ipiestions in fa »oin if pi minn mid ni» irdcd linn UOO .'muges ui_uminU »»ne lieiiul }esteidi» nom Mi il s H ti i ct t und Mi Hu mt on li»» points lenened Deptit» Hidp* I »Illiston leseiied judgment In the eise >l lilin Hinis» John liiiiuistei i elwin lu ¿37o/l>)/f) ni lespect to i «.ile of flee Ink! juopcils judpuint a is eiileieel fn 11 untilf loi the full nmoinil, less JL7-V10/ r'timed In defend ml us i net off Mi I nictt «is foi pi mi lift, md Ali Schult; I u lefendint In i ti inn In V\ iib mi linn» Mittheiis og mist the «-In oi the I isl (. Si lunpiui toi 1.2 000 duni.r.08 I i nijii ics tin nigh in undent, judgment i» i _i»cn foi the defend mt toniptn», »i 1 til i sis t» be tixel Mi Biri Ott uns foi lliintilf Mi 1 jglesou foi dcfeiiilint Hie icmukiblp felt of pn« lug 20/ in HIL Li i» is leifoimed ni the liisohtuc» Cotnt «.«stn li} b} in nisohent i ubini emploie i | nntei nan eel \\\ illtum I i mels Kent ot liuii- t's-et Mell) nu ne Kent tiled his i- li. nile in How nibil 18US He leeciitli ^rilled to lutine Melesuoith foi ni imeoii titi ill ti ecitilieile but n cicditoi op I i mg the eise i» H idjotuncd until }eu l nil» Sesteidn befóle the heutiig in s ilu nt pul Hilo Hu in ilitnei estates ii mut mihi lent lueine» lo pix nil his credi 1 is ty in ti« C1 Iho (Citifuite i» is I uiiptlx ¡jinniet| Mi d V \ Iones i» is I i Hit ipphiunl Ilu mildil» of a fee oí ti ninth lins I n cb i ¡.nilli bl the piothoiuititi} s illili ni diniiee (is«, »» i* SOUK lime igo ) i id in i eise befóle Ml Justin Slice 1 li ulm ut Hie tune loncried lu« judg ii ul iiitimittim» Hint lu uoiilel consult the < t1 el ju.le,es nu the in ittn In copse i ten e Hu foPouuig natue hiis no»» been ) ted n Hie piolholiour» s o(lu c foi t|ie nif im it i III ni pi ictit nneis- li» dnee 1 n of the ( hilf iHistiie, Hie ftc foi ino ihittiou of pipéis ni iliimce pioteedings 1 i 11.foi u < liuii eil mil not ni lulim be iii in nile»! mel ill suth pipirsinll hi pio ihm I on notice m writing »»ithout i ice Ihe iiibhit expoliéis of the North 1 ns-l «in Distiut leeentl} «oinpl lined to All R I « 11 be.nl goods supennleiideut that i »»inp' to the lull numil of the limns b} i In li the» foi xx ni dcd HILII pioduce lo »Itllioinne tin Itupoi ition Tiee/nig cb nu leis ui( iloied bifoie the» Knell the iSpcii i 1 stiCLt Bt Ullin In HIL suimiiii months, lim nitiiiiH of toui-e, Hint huge niimbcis if ilu lnbluts mi iliini igrd h» then en lined «kielliion m the good« » nils mci i i-hl Ah I,»chile ni leeogiusis Hint ihe iihl.it expoliéis line u legitimate grin mt m this m ititi, und Uni the traill« i one (lint should he eoiiicnienccd is milli us possible Ile is nccoi dingi» en iii ii miling lo dense n good«- triiui time Illili fen (he Vortli I istein lines, to i »me into .one dilling the s__iin__ months, bl a hull tin i dibits mi» be ilelnered it ibu In /in_ ih iinbeis btfoie llici close al 5 i 11 nk in HIL lflenioon I lie lOlllinittcL Of till \\\ ÛI11LI1 s l|o»pilui ) il u «ti ulm the meiiibei« piesent bung »li- ( (iresidinl) lind I mil ( Inlc, I ii» Iii iij mun SliseJ-imis illume dm iel Dm liiiiplitnn Nicolson, Miichl«, I c» mi, \\\ ««lionel I stejj^oii i\l nile» Siiiniiti, ( II -»»ill Ihoinlt», J S Lung, A lim it» I mil n Miller I) Sinn, mid S 'lu lilt In» I II OConncIl mid 111 I I! IIJ iinm Hie Ile» I li Ol numil le I Uti thil Hie question ol (.mm» npie mon io leligious bodies m msput to Jl pill ««iiudiil contiiliiitions lind been > iii nil il u meeting ni dclcgntt- lion lit «mons iliuitlihle institution». Is i ii» im inngicgtitioii h id list eil lol Hu i nu «nu u »» is decided to isk tin bends « (li « innis diiioiuui liions »»bethel UKI ii i I in» pindenes in connection »U'l Iii milli d nilleition I pou ici ipi ni ilu ni Ii - tin ikIce,ULI- »i mid tgni nu s ' j til« ipiestion hunt I mix Chill t, on 1 lull I the building committee upai ted Hut »li- «Manuel hutt mulei taken to de ni» ilu iii-t ot u bilcoii} loi the ut»x pi ii i« In nurses ltifeiciice »» i* mude li i lim stilist mt! ii mil «neu to the hoi I lil i « minis tunis bi Shs Sumiiti unit tlic pit lilt tit limul eil Hu I lodi on billilli I tie iimmiitloi loi hu geneiositx \IIIIIIS -iib commit!« s toi the eiisuinj, »eil »»cn upi muted, nu lulling i spinal i la i »nfn mili Hu hourn in still nilli Kimtl lo u piop i« it I J «si ih mil ni opei ii r. limit!!- in eiiiniccnoa »»ith the mid » i ii »»nul Hu mime il ni the llnilili Ainiv, .it its jil >ntlil\ uncling on I iiesdnj I u-t, leceiuel du ollu of i oin um loi ii oil« in the emin ni ili«tucts li oin Mi .Inn e« I'uitHh« ¡lu in I« lo be built on tin» hist pittein foi lui-li nor!, willi Hie lati-l iinpun ennuis Ile i mini ii-uiioil the oilcl willi t'liinU« .» IM ullin itpoits win tee oneil Iroin I1 |i.ri«li(. ot St t-nuoiu's, Colling« noll, st »liplicus, ltitl.iiinnd, n.ul St .lohn'», Im! un, iilntnig lo the woik ol Linn ih li it nihill« in those pil.i-.lie.- lu Hie lum ,1,11 i«h a vue hutis| utoi) «oeml «oil, >» bl i ig dinii' in idditinn lu Hie mtluiuiv puiinnl wini, done l.v Hu* irm\ Hie «ul. «nium.Hie iippiiiulul In ooiihiilei iht i|iii-tiiui ol gil lingi distinction lias met IH« «li ml iii« «jollectod a luge amount . evperl i'ililc*li(,l', «Ililli lilli ht blondit Inn«* tin» «oiileitme on Krui iv nt\l, in' «nie I i up nt pnv'ieps Some i.idigii ilion li II. II I UISIIJ lit Hie linn illinerii«'-- «.I >? /id ni ilu inline ip lillies intni^ted lu « ii linne ion nils Hu» cost of Hu» mouin, nil i« stn d lint »ih 10 out ol tin» 20 lui -.liiittu ,tiiv inclination to pit linn I' ii in i unite» i-li.il«' 'I lie (iidenii* ot Mi lim mi» in« til to be iililiuin.il, Hld in iii i ni«i ni i tin veils. Hie ml. ion. ..mu mil pici-inl its iiiciuuucndultmis on lill «lllljc t Iii. r.teplion ni the incoming picsiilclil H t't 1 i.niv Mens i'lintiii in .Issoei ilion (Hi 1) M.uiUoiiicilc Tatou, I. It C's 1, «Imli n i« lu Iel ni Hu» independent li ill ittii'.cll t-ticct, lin-l evening, w .» lui gol) al lint'ul litimi'M tii.ise liie-ent line Ali V \l Oitis md His OJUS ,m| ilei^i min «I ««in ii ddiiiiiii.iai.>. Mi I linn i\ ni n« I«nilling \h I'nluii on hi "?li « ' llie mnubcis «if tin issonitioii, s ml lui lu lind 'mid Ins billilli«,, md lound lim 11 lu i lund, pi ictu d liiinni's- niiui Mi I'll in dibieii'd . bncf m iti_.ui li nil 'ii-*, III «huh he c\pieshed tin opinion ii l iii« msfltiition MIS now on tile np I. «lo, md siibMi|iicntli pinipriled lo irfu li Hu great miue-s winch li K1 itlended til »i\ ivecl s' mission of Hi \V II (hu» ni lins oiti, uni sod Ibu Hut gi n li n in li id in ilu tillie iiin.lioiieil (leliion I in inn. Hun <m illili esees O,, boh ill nf iii -.it i it inn Hi I'.tou then presenli'd Al Outs «iib Hiiei* loliimu, of tilt- "I'll in .«lim Atlit. of Anstniliisii, ' ..ml Aim "ill* nitli i liionili ot Austi ihm gold uml >l I« is nu nunton», of then »isit lu Alel li unit In at koo»» lodging HIL grell kind le « »»Inch lu Ind nut i»ith »»hilo m \ u I in Mi OUI« IIIged Hill cien ilioit ill nil he put foi Hi lo mulei the («son it ion nil ulm to »omi. men, the* gleit mu » ut» if »»hoin i»ere it the moment out i It ilu t linn lies During the ii ruing nu u tilt nt musical pmgt iiiuiie »»as gone tliiunji Mi SA AI'Mdlnn, Al I, V, 01 N'en '.nilli SS ile« lins »» litten to s il Unit lie »nil uti uti tin nunn il fncti id« duinci to It luid in Mtlhonrne on '?¡eiitonibei (1 This I-itlu i mg pi onuses to bung togethei i linn unpoit nil group of the fieellndi tliieis than hue c\ei assembled on suth m» oui ion before, .ind Hie public me id »i« ii to moid disappointment bl itppli ?III; i irl» for tickets, eithei to the steu-tiii» el tile Wirril in ProL trade Association, W) Oin i n stieet, 01 aux niembei of Hu munn! , On Ihiirsdii} cvniuiiKi »t l!>e Tr mung 'iilkki Mi (' Ii Long, Al \ gue, mulei ¡lit ti-pnes of lite I'niiti-it» Hxteiision ' dut ilion d Ce nile, the thud let tint« of hu ii» in Ihe Neu Lillie limn Ills sub Jut »» is "[¡dm itioml li mihiiiik, ' anti he tit ill it toiisideiiihle* lingth i» itli its stope mil nins Ah l.utt follón ed »n til mum ?.milks on Sloid At hull pi-I K1 «nlnik lins iniiimng, ut the Uunoisit» lligli .sin ii Mi 1» M due»» Sim til «hid in »lieiloi .ii ilumiug m stntu sthools. »»ill ni Hi-« ilu* ineiiihers ol Ila* ci litio, und Ali I Onus instill! lui of dinning ut Hit n ming I ulli/e xxiii gixo i lesson mi Im um ih ming on liliiiklniiudH to i ilnss ti um nil luiuli» stieet stnte sihool, Cn It on Hu sieonil of the mi lex «if municipal eon "it« ut wini li (hu munumi ttlutigea of Hil "ul ¡ti »»ere inuile, utilised ii net lctinn "¡lit, »»huh »vlll be dix. "lui to ihiut "li puiposes 'Ihe neil eoiitt'lt -»»ill lit* Hil d Hu I Milln if« llnapllil «». lian 1 » '1 I" u fruit Di m Pull ' ,ii»ir>l«lli (uni fin Hu li lull« i s of Hi ilnluis ?'Il rilli» u i, i Meut ni the Oeilci Clnti line ."Jim !>>>l»iil C2 fiom I I, nu lion tri anuir ni tim lost lio«» Sliiltci liai redie ii! Hie lulim nig wilftcrlntloui - I h II, 7/ Tullí 2/0 lin ' 1/ Mi W M Dills «I c,1..8|,oii «ill milli eis men only in Hie I! ii list Church Collins street to mou on nt S p m Holden o( subsciipllon liais (oi li» Soulli Mel bourne Ceneril 1l«>!lcf I unit In nlil of tho milferprs li) tlic hit inicr Glenell; (Uh latei ure nskcil In ictiirn them iilthout «Iel ii lo Hie loiinliull South Mel lioiunc lo embie Hie fiintl to lie closed mid the moue) iutmed! itdy tl{ntriliiitetl Hu nc\t evuniln ilion oí applicants for license 113 slioilliniul «rilera mulei the lMilencc Act «ill be held at the 1 nw Courts on S.ilurilji lilli Hep lenibcr ' "Hie St lohn Viuliulanei Vssoctollon uinouncea Hint «1 tioliitn a clnss for th instruction of Hist ntl to Hie «njurcil »111 le tonuninenl li) Surgeon C iptnin Horne it the ßiiptist Church Vlntplierflon f-llcet >lortli Cirlton nt 8 p lu on Tucsclj) ne\t llr 1* 1 IDnkimoic lion pccrctim lil MU «rutli stnei can enrol a few more memoirs JO DAY'S AURANGrMUNJB V It r liigust Meeting at I'lemlngton -1 Irst race i p ni loi oilier sporting IKturia sec Spoiling columns Chlllrcna Hispital-Police Civrnivnl MPC ginuuil 2.1 p in , onttiljinincnt I'liihriui Toivn hull 1 p n. Man« Uleling o( Miowera re Factories and Shops let Tuiles hull 8 p ni mi inn s AM) i NTrin iiNMiNri Profesor llaialiill Halla Oriluatra Town hill 1 pin ?'limosa* Thcatie- Soinug Hie Minti' 8 pin Her Vajratv a Theitrt- Tiwi of the 1) Ulhcr villis ' 8 pin Tliontro |lo) ii - The Oinlujn Hi hess ' 8 p in Ilijoii riicutic - Mi lljirj lückarela a Company 8 pin Temi eniice lull -People s Concerts 8 p m clJM>Vl Church Services »ce | i"o li 