[COMPLETE STOSyr] JII fHE CHRISTMAS I MOONLIGHT, ! BT ' IZA DUFFUS HARDY, A.-.! .. 44 T' ) Komanco of tbo Rear Cu 4 L'1 ZJ »*y Itose,' &o.;, &o.; [MPTItlOnT J [?] HolonJJal r y m p 1 e, .swaying with Sul tan eaque languor and luxury inherrock iug chair onthosouth p i a 7. z u, looking nt the orange trees bend ing beneath their burthen of rudtly-ripe goldon fruit, tho tall alim piucs, the graceful 'yellow pines' of tbo south, their feathery drowns of foliago traced in delicato pencilling against the burning azuro of a sky almost too vivid in its light and colour. It was only the hour after early breakfast, yet the. sun- beams already poured in a broad level blaze ' on the piazza, and danced in a dazzle of dia monds on the take, that was as pure a blue as tho shining sky. It' was us fair a scene as the eye could desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of in voluntary figh. 'Who would over think it was Ohriatmns Eve F' 41 Isn't it lovely?' said her siBter Mavy. with smiling content. Sweot Mary Weston, happily married and Buttled in this fair Florida home, had ceased to sigh for her native land. 4* jfes, it's lovely, if only one didn't seo so much of it ! But what I should like to see now 'would bo frost and snow or oven a good thick yellow London fog !' 44 I'm afraid even John could not oblige you with that hero, though I think he is not very far behind the French king (which one was it ?) who had the ground covered with salt when the lady of his heart conceived a perverse desire to go sleighing in summer.' 44 John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's not tho only one that does,' rejoined Helen, sinil jig and stretching out her hand to hor sister. ?4 I don't think we've spoilt you, Nell ! ' said Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. 44#But I think John would, if ho could.' 44 He is very good,' tho -younger sister Baid, less lightly. *? Ho is! 'Mrs. Weston agreed emphati cally. 44 And you aro very fond of him. aren't you ? ' with a touch of anxiety which BllUUlUUOb IIHUIIU tu ucuu;, uui wmvn pluin as the sun in the heaven to Helen's quick perception. 44 Yes, I aro,' fho answored sincerely ; 44 1 should be very ungrateful if I wasn't ! But I do wish ho would take me homo for a honeymoon trip ! ' sho added, with only half-playful petulance, 'Everybody goes to England on tneir bridal trip.' 'Not everybody, deur.' 44 Well, everybody who can afford it, end Johu can afford anything ho likes!' 41 But, you seo, it is John's business keeps him here.' 'Oh, yes, I know. I dare say it seems just a perverse fancy of mine, like longing for a sleigh ride in summer, for snow in this sunny south.' 'I'm afraid, dear Nell, you get a little homesick sometimes.' 'Do I, Mary?' with a carious smile. II You think so?' 'I am afraid so, sometimes, dear. But you'll settle down all happily and comfortably when ouce*you are married and in your own home.' 44 Yours has been home to me, Mary !' 44 And you havo helped to mako it a real! homo to mo. I might havo felt a little strange j and far-away even with Fred, if it had not been for you. And now I must go and help Chloe tfi»ke tho cukes.' ' And I'll come and do the mincepies,' said Helen cheerfully. ' No, no, Noll ; I won't have you getting tired and Hushed over the stove ; John will bo coming soon.' 'Poor, dear Mury ! ' said Helen to her self, as her sister hastened away on household cares intent. ' She only thinks I am home sick. If sho only knew how tired I am of oranges and pinotrces ! Aud she's ho anxious, poor dear, to bo assured that I am really fond of John ! Dear, good John ! tho only thing I'm atraiu ot is tnac no is too good tor mo But I shall bo able to make him happy, I think. Anyhow, I'll do my best. And I'm sure I shall be happy with him, as happy as any woman can expect to bo, after the first dreum is over !' Sho sighed as her thoughts went back to that 44 first dream.' 'Walter,', she murmured. ' Poor Walter ! If he had lived !' Visions of another Christinas roso before her. Walter was helping her to put up the holly. They two wero lingering over their gdod-night in tho hall. He was folding a wrap round her as she went out into tho chill of tho white wintry uight with him to look at the snow glittering iu the moonlight. Oh, for that 'white Christinas' of four years ago! 44 My poor boy! My* poor boy!' Helen said softly to herself. ' To think that tho cold, cruel sea, the deep, dreadful sea, rolls over his head ! aud that no one, no one, will over, ever know the truth !' Sho shuddered and clasped her hands, aud the bright colours of tho sunny landscapo grew dim to her eyes. But when John Armstrong, her stalwart lover, caiuo, the smile was ready to greet liitn on her lips. She was very fond of Johu, and the past was past ; tho present, though it did seem a little dull sometimes, a little pale and tame beside that poor dead past, aud yet full of hope ; thanks to John ! Sheltered l-y his love, surely she would bn. safe from tho Btiug of memory, oveu from tho insidious gnawing of homedickueas. Ho was so strong, it gave her a satisfying sense of pro tection and safety to be with him. He had t^io muscles of a gladiator, and yet, with all his rough, uncultivated ways, tho gentleness of a woman. Helen loved the mingling of half rough force and reverent tenderness about him, aud ofteu assured herself that sho really loved him very much, though she was not very lavish of protestatious or caresses — . Hvhicli indeed wero not much jn Hclon Dal rymple's way. ?John was English, too. Perhaps, if he hid not bcon her compatriot, ho might havo foftnd his Helen harder to win. Thero wero matiy English settled in this part of Florida, but few as fortunato as John Armstrong. Everything ho touched seemed to prosper, and now in winning Helen's troth ho had won his crowniug fortune — his heart's desire. His sun-bronzed and somewhat rugged featured faco was beaming, as ho drew his chair as close as it could bo drawn to hers, and took possession of her hand and felt the slendor fingers rest in his big palm as if it wore their homo. 14 Do yon know, darling, this is the hap piest Christmas I've ovor had ? ' ho said. * 'Since you wero a boy!' she rejoined, laughingly. 44 But you don't kuow anything about me when I was a boy? ' he demurred, smiling In happy response. 41 Oh yes, I lenov? that you wore very much like other boys ! You were happy when to stuff yourself with mincepies and plum pudding, and pull crackers and play snap dragon, was your highest ideal of happiness ! And you wore happy whou you kissed the girls under tho mistletoe ! ' **But novor half so happy as uow that I can kiss my girl without tho mistlotoo ! My own girl ! No, darling, there's not a soul in sight! Ypu aro my own girl, aren't you? Helen, darling, what would you liko to do to koep our Christmas to-morrow? Shall wo havo a drivo in tho ovenin|f and a picnic supper in tho woods by moonlight ?' ' A moonlight picnio on Christmas night ! Oh, John, where is your sense of tho fitting?' John looked puzzled. . 41 1 want to do anything that would pleaso you, dearest. What would please you? 44 Oh, I don't know. Perhaps a good old fashioned English frost, or a London fog, or a sloigh-rido !' recalling hor convorsatfon with her sister. 44 Nothing I can givo you?' ho said, with a shado of disappointment. 44 John, dear, you'ro fbo good !' sho said, with a sudden gush of tenderness. 44 1 don't deserve that you should get mo anything I Mary said to mo just now that sho thought I was a littlo homo sick — and I suppose that'* iust what I am ! Oh, John, couldn't, wo go homo iu spring on a littlo honeymoon trip?' 44 I'm afraid not, darling ; perhaps somo timo, but not uow. Holon, can't you bo happy here? Yon know I'll do all I can.' ' Indeed I do know it, you aro tho best aud dearest of old Johns!' sho answered, moro lightly, with her sweetest smile. 44 Helen,' ho said, after a thoughtful pause, in which his gonial faco had grown grave, ' do you know that I feel sad some* limos, fearing that the lifo hero won't content you, that you'll bo thinking of England ;is ?homo!' And I wonder somotimos whether it isn't because it was iu England that — that you romombor you told me, darling, bless your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keep any seoret from mo, my sweetheart I that there was — somo ono. you — liked there— somo ono who is dead.' 44 Need wo talk of him?' said Helen more coldly. 4 4 No, no, darling, not if it hurts you ! But it hurts me to think that there's a pain in that memory still ! I'd liko to take all pain, all trouble, from you, even any pain of the past! I'd draw tho sting from your memory if I could?' 44 No memory can sting me very sharply while I have you, John,' she answered with an impulse of solf-reproachful, half remorse ful tenderness. 44 And I won't givo way to home sickness any fooro if it gives you the least bit of pain ! Don't troublo yourself. John, about tho ghost of yesterday 1 To morrow is yours !' 44 And to-day?' ho urged. 44 Ia to-day— ?livided ? Or is it all mino ? ' 44 1 think it looks as if it were all yours,' she said, softly, as ho kipsed hor. 4 4 Let yester day rest,. John, rest with tho last year's snows in England ! And lot us go and pick oranges to-day ? And thore aro somo guavas still. I should liko somo for lunch. We never seo them at homo excopt in jelly, do wo ? After all, thoro aro somo good things in . the sunny south ! ' she added, with a lapse into her old, light, laughing tono. 14 Thore aro guavaa, and grape-fruit, and you ! ' . John Armstrong went away happy. Ono thing only now troubled him, ho could not mako up his mind what to givo-Helon for a Christmas present. Blundering fellow that he was \ ho reproached himself, not to havo thought over it beforo. Ho went to the best jeweller's in Giraldh, tho noarest largo town, whero, having but littlo timo to spare, and being uuablo to mako up his mind in liasto on the spot, ho ordered a soleotion of choice trinkets to bo sent to his rooms, for his leisurely inspection. Every ono in Giruldn knew John Armstrong, and there was no difficulty mado about entrusting tho jewels to bis care. Ho was looking in anxious cogitation from the contents of ono vclvot-lincd caso to unother, as thoy wero sot out before him on the table, when thero was a tap at tho door, and tho negro 4,boll-boy ' announced, 44 Mr. Lawrence, sab, wants to know ef he kin see you.' 44 Why, certainly. Show Mr. Lawrence up. Come in, Lawrence, glad to see you, and a merry Christmas to you, ray dear fellow !' 44 Tho same to you! I seo I needn't ask how you are!' said tho visitor, glanoing at John Armstrong's healthy brown face. 44 Oh, I'm all right — right as a trivet ! And you ? how have you been ? All right too, I hope? Grove flourishing ?' 44 Yes, all going on well. I've como up to Giralda on a little business, and you're the first person I've looked up.' ' That's ripht, that's all right !' said Arm strong, heartily, 44 I've been thinking of run ning down to Tampa, aud then I'd havo been tho ono to look you Up, but I've had my hands full lately ; it's been a busy time, though it's not beon all business ! You've just como in tho nick of timo now, to give me your help and advice. I was just muddling my brain over these things,' jerking his head towards tho display on the table. 44 Which do you think's the— the b'^st of tho lot ? The — tho most likely to — suit a lady?' Armstrong was stammering and tho colour rose in his bronzed oheek. 44 A lady? Ah! ' said Lawrence, with a smile. 44 Pleasure as well as business been keeping you about here, I seo?' 44 Yes, you soo, well, the faot is, I'm going to be married.' 44 Heartiest congratulations,' old fellow! The young lady's lucky — that I know! and so aro you, I hope ! ' ' I just am ! ' said Armstrongemphatically. 44 Wait till you see hor! ' 41 When she will bo weariu^ one of these,' I expect ! ' suggested Lawreuce. He was a younger man tfian Armstrong, fairer and of slighter build, with a tawny beard, honest, kindly blue eyes, a pleasant, though rather ??id, smile, and a generally rather grave, rlioughtful oxprcssion. Ho was sympatheti cally willing to help tho perplexed lover in his choice of a gift, whioh was fortunate, as poor John had not rauoh taste, and wassoroly bewildered in his contemplation of tho 41 em barras de richesses' that lay before him. 44 Now this — this is something out of the common, eh?' ho suggested, but heaitat iugly, us deferring to Lawrence's better judgment, pointing to a necklace of alligator's teeth lavishly sot in gold. 44 Or this now ? ' indicating a heart- shaped ornament almost big enough to wear as a shield, and adorned with a true lover's knot studded with jewols of all the colours of tho rainbow. 44 Do you think alligators' teeth quito a pretty thing to clasp round a girl's tbront? ' Lawrence demurred. 44 And isn't this a trilln — insh n frrifln rIiiwv? ' John's countenanco fell. 44 She likes overything dainty and deli cate,' he said. 44 How about this?' said Lawrenoo, takiug up a simple but costly necklet of a siugle striug of exquisitely matched pearls. It was Armstrong's turn to demur. 44 Dou't pearls moan tears ?' ho rejoined. 44 Ah? You wouldu't risk giving her thoso ?' said the younger man, with a smilo that ended in a short, quickly-stifled breath like a sigh. 'No, I wouldu't,' said Armstrong, notio ing his frier ' 'ook with an instinot of follow-feeliiif You wouldn't either, would you, 1. je, if you were choosing — something fui somebody?' 4 4 No, I suppose I should be superstitious, too. But there's nobody — now ! and I'vo had all the superstition and faucy and romauce pretty well knocked out of mo.' 44Thoro's nobody now,' Armstrong re* Seated his words. 44 Thore,' he added, elicatoly and hesitatingly, 14 there was some body onco, then ?' 44 Onco !' Lawronoo eohoed, looking down at tho pearl ncoklace. When tho ohoico was finally mado of a slender gold bracelet with a four-leaved shamrock in diamonds ('All women liko diamonds,' tho two meu had agreed), tho comrades sat down with a pipe and glass, and then Armstrong referred, m his fraukly sympathetic, if blundering way to Lawrence's lato admission. 44 I'm afraid my — my asking you about that,' nodding towards the bracelet, 41 recalls things to you ! ' 'They haveu't got far to bo recalled, they lio near tho surfaco,' tho younger man roplied, gloomily. 44 Thero was somebody, and it — it— didn't come to anything ? '* Armstrong ventuivd, his heart softened by his osvn happimw*, his sympathy too siucoro to bo iutru*ive. Lawrenoo paused a moment, then nou, i abruptly: 14 Sho thinks I'm dead, at least I hops alio ! Joes. Sho's far away— I shall novor seo her! Again. But somehow Christmas always m-ikes mo think of old days,' Armstrong nodded in silont comprehension Lawrenco pausod a moment, thon added wii-h almost harsh abruptness : 'Look hore, Armstrong, I've often though! of telling you. I was very near it moro than once, when you wero mi'di a good ohum to mo at .Ocala, Tho fact i*, I — I loft England under a oloud! My very name — well, itV my own, for I waa ohristoned Lawrcnco as my second name, but it's not my tru ? sur namo. Thero are othors of us hero who have como out of tho way, as I did, but not many shadowed by a cloud as blaok as mino.' 14 What was it, my boy?' asked John Armstrong, fraternally. 44 Oh, I'vo not boltod^from tho law,' Lawrenco said quickly. 44 1 stand «loar of that, I think. But it's tho suspicion, of which I feol I shall never bo clear.' 44 She suspeoted — believed ill of you?' 4 4 God bless hor — no. Sho declared sho had faith iu mo. But no ono else had. I couldn't ask her to marry mo under a. cloud, to tako my namo with tho stain on it. I came abroad U- livo it down, and tho ship in which I'd tak^n my passage was wreckod — you remembc^ the disaster of tho Columbia? I was supposed to havo been on board ; my uamo was iu th ? list of lost. But nt tho last minute an acoident had preveuted my sailing. No one know at homo that I had not sailed. Thoy all bolievo that I went down with tho Columba and tho rest of her unlucky pas sengers and orow.' ^ 14 And sho believes it, too?' 44 Sho must, wllat elso can sho think? ,It is better so. I decided not to write and tell her I was saffj.' 4 4 She may be grieving — mourning for you, ' ' suggested Armstrong. 14 For a time — yes. But it is b^st as it is— for hor. Sho is young; the thought of me and my trouble would bo a more lasting clnu-l on her bright girlhood than tho thought of mvWWth. T TOQ^ld nnvpr have married her unless I conid givc hor a stainless name. She will bo happier, not knowing. She believed mo innocent — that is my comfort. Lot her believe me dead, for hor own peaco.' 44 It's a sad state of things,' mused 'Arm- strong. 'And what — what was the— ' be hesitated for a time — 44 tho troublo,' he finished. 44 Thoy called it murder— an ugly word, isn't it ? But whatever it was, I had uo hand in it. If any mau ki led Philip Stretton, it was notl !' 'Philip Strottou !' Johu Armstrong started. His back was to the light, so Lawronco could not seo how his healthy colour paled. 'Yes, you remember tho case, I seo P I own it did look blaok against me. Ho was my cousiu. And I his heir — though it would havo been tho -^her way round, he would havo been my heir, and I should havo stood in his shoes, it my grandfather had not made an unfair will. I had bticn imprudent — 1 was in a littlo difficulty — and I whs fooli^i enough to ask Philip for a loan, only an ad vance for three months. Ho said thing's that cut me. Thero was a soreness between us, I own, but I would nevor have injurod a hair of his head. You romembcr, perhaps, how I was arrested, remanded — all the miserable story ? Thero was not evidence ouough against mo to sond tho caso for trial, but there was enough to mako people believe me guilty — to make me feel a pariah and an outcast— to make me cast aside my father's uamo as a tarnished and unclean thiug — to drivo mo into exile here, a« a dead man, dead to his own land and his own people.' 4 4 It's a sad business,' said Armstrong, his voice straugely husky. 44 Iremember hearing of it.' A pauso; then he added: 44But, Lawronce, I say, old chum, aren't' you per haps a bit over-sensitive about people — suspootingyou?' 44 Over* sensitive ! Whou I've seen women turn aside to avoid recognisingme — when the very children have started at mo as if I were a wild beast ! But there, talkiug of it can't mend matters.' He filled his glass hastily ; hishand shook as he raiaed it to his lips. John Armstrong's brimming glass stood untouched by his side. Another knock at tho door, and the entrance of a second visitor— this timo a genial and somewhat boisterous one, to wish tho compli ments of the season, interrupted tho conver sation, rather to tho relief of both Armstrong and Lawrence, and it was much to the host's reliof whou both his visitors departed. Left alone at last, ho stood by the wiudow deep in troubled thought, staring out across the rough sandy road with oyes that couM not see. 44 1 never dreamt of this,' ho said to him self, his lips framing the words without sound, as men who have lived much alone often get the habit of communing with them selves. 44 This comes of shirking, or trying to abirk. One can't shirk a thing — it will follow one. If it woro not for Helen, now. It's plain enough — the thing to do. It stares mo iu tho faco. But Holen, who trusts me. I must think of her first. Yet that boy. He's been wronged enough. He wouldn't marry his girl with a stained name. Can I marry my girl with a stained eon science? His girl in England stuck to him. .Maybe mine would stick to me. Would she, though? It's an ugly story to tell her. Still, if she's got grit euough to stand it ? ?She doesn't look like one that would weaken aud wilt away from a mau because of some rhing iu his past— though it does look rather a black business. I'll seo. I'll sound her. God forgive mo ! I'm a coward whero slio's concerned. I see tho right thing plain euough. But I can't — I can't. No, she's my all ! I can risk tho losing hor !' Heleu was saunteriug iu tho orango-grove iu the moonlight alone. Sho was glad to be alone, for somehow this Christinas Eve sho was hauuted by memories of that other Christmas with Walter four years ago! That past was dead and buried, but its ghost walked sometimes. Two lines of a pooin she had onco heard recited kept runmug in her head : — 44 Pray for tho one beloved, wherever ho may be, In tho hush of tho Christmas miduight ho will appear to thee !' j How still tho uight was ! Grove and wooa ami iatco seemea to oe sleeping in silenoe. Tho moonbeams bathed the fair landscapo in a silver sea of light, yet left im penetrated the dusky mysteries of shadow in the deeps of 44 the dark browed trees.' She thought of that 44 white winter ' in Eugland, and tho ghost of tho buried past walked iu tho southern moonlight. Was anything olso stirring,, too ? Was that a step ? Did a shadow move 'i Cotild it bo John ? But John uever came that way through tho grove. If it should be a tramp, aud sho so far from tho houso ? Tho rnoviug shadow gathered shaoe and substanoo, stepped out from the darkness of tho borderiug trees, aud tho mojnlight fell full upon his faco. Helen stopped* with a start. Who — what — was it ? Tho moonlight was well-nigh bright as day. Tho faco, tho figure that stood out clear in those pure uudazziiug beams, tho very g- sture with which the mau paused at sight of her, all had boon familiar to hor once ! Was it a ghost ? Wc-re the liues that had beou ringing in her mind prophetic ? ?? In tho hush of tho Christmas midnight ho will appear to theo.' Ho, too, had paused at sight of the girl's slim whito-robed figure : ho started as one thunder strickou as he looked upon her face, pale and pure iu the colourless blaze of the somi-tropical moonlight, for while she atarod, dumb with doubt aud uuiazuineut, on tho dead alivo, ho looked on tho living, lost to him, whom ho had deemed five thousand miles away! Ho was tho first to fiud his voice. 'Holeu, Holon? You — hero!' Ho stretched out his haud ; it was warm with life as it touched hers, strong with living huinun strength as it clusped her cold and trembling fiiigers. 41 Walter, Walter! Aro you alive? I thought— I hoard— vh, \yc have all uiouiued you ai dgud,'1. . j ... ^ . u uuu 'nmoitOu^, Oeariilg ttlO ohoaeu bracelet that was to bo his Christmas gift, Avas on his way to seo his beloved, but not with tho quiok, assured stop of the happy : lover. Ho lagged and took the longest way. i Ho might havo said, if ho had bcon givon to I quoting Shakespeare, 44 Oh, full of scorpions ] is my mind.' Thoy bit and stung, thoso snakes and tempted to silence, prompted him with subtle sophistries 44 for Helen's sako.' Was not his first duty to spare herpaiu? Yot ho know that if ho yioldcd to tho tompta tion. ho should fo°l him-elf to tho lust day of his lifo a despicable siuuer. For till this day h*i had not realised what ho had done, but uuw,4( ho kept, silence still, ho would bo sin ning with hi* eyes opou. Still could ho darn, trust Helen with the truth, at the.riskof seeing her shrink from him. turn qold to him, perhaps tako herself out of his lifo. On tho other hand, it was P'uuiblo that shi)' might not fail him ! Sho might prove' 'herself bravo and loyal in tho orucial hour. Ho folt he did not know Holen f.horomrhly. Sho was a sweet roso, 'aof with littlo wilful thorns.' Ho could not tell how fur hor pretty littlo waywardness and girlish caprices woro more ripples on tho surface, what depths of lovo and faith and courago might not lio in tho depths boueath. While sho sauntered on slowly, deop in thought, his footfall soundless on the loose, naudv soil, ho heard a voice on tho other side of tho elonder fringe of trees that bordorod tho grove. Not Helen's voice, ho had never heard that tono in it. And yot it was liko hora — that voico with tho tender rhrill, the throb and pulso of living passion, of which ho had nevor known.it capablo. '.Walter— Walter after all theso years!' 'My darling, my darling!' murmured the man's voico, shaken and husky, but Lawrence's voice. John Armstrong ' mado a noiseless step forward, looked out of tho shadow which concealed him from their viow, and saw Holen, his brido-oleot, clinging to l\awrence, his arm round her, her race -uplifted in tho moonlight to his. l^or tho moment thoy had forgotten all the world but each other. Sho had forgotten John, and ho tho stain upon his name, the cause of his exilo. Sho was first to remember tho barrier. 44 Oh, Walter, no — no! Lot mo go ! I must tell you — I am not free !' 44 la it you, then — -you who wero engaged to Armstrong ?' 41 Yes. He is tho best and truest of men,' with a sob in her voico. 44 Walter, now that wo have mot, it can only bo to part.' John Armstrong heard no moro. Had ho not been standing thero as if atrickcn to stono, paralysed, ho would not havo heard ao muoh. Ho turned with a groping, staggering ges ture, liko a mau rcoling, blinded, benoath a stunning blow, yet careful that no sound of his going should startle them as he went, and left them there togethor. The moonlight flooded landscapo was blaok to him ; he seomed co bo groping his way through great dark ness, his 'face set from the house towards which his steps had been bout. How could he faco Hclon rtow ? It was Helou'whom ho had wronged; it was Helen whom he. had robbed of her love, alboit all unwittingly. Ho had thought of Lawrence's unnamed lovo as far off, in tho old country, put thoro was no far-away girl iu England — it was Helen, hero ! For her dear sako he had thought of keep ing tho eilenco . that would have sealed tno sentonco of exilo from homo and love on Lawrenco — and Lawronco was tho man sho loved. Yet aho would keep her faith with him. Sho had said it herself ! And Lawrdnco would not claim her so long as tho stain of suspected crime clung to his namo. Johu Armstrong saw that ho could hold her still ! It was Christmas Day ; tho sun shone on the ^evergreen pines and the glossy foliage of tho orango trees and thoir golden fruit, and -ky and lake were one monotono of radiant azure. John and Helen wero walking in tho grovo, and both were taciturn and illat ease. 44 Helen, my girl,' ho said breaking a long silence as thoy drew near tho spot where she and Walter had met last night, 44 1 had been thinking what I could got you for a Christmas present, wondering what would please you beat. And I found out, hist uight.' 'Last night? But you didn't come last night ?' 'Yes, I came, Helon.. I carao. I camo this way,' pointing to tho border of treea, 'and I was hero. I saw — I heard.' Heleu started, and tho colour rushed to her face, then ebbing, left it deadly p tie. But though she was dismayed, sho did not blench. She was too proud to quail as guilt might quail. Rarher, thore was oven a touch of reproach in her tone as she answered, 44 You wero here, Johu? You hoard?' 44 By accident.' Ilis brown cheek flushed uow. 44 1 heard only a fow words. I hurried away. You don't think that I'd play eavesdropper on purpose, Heleu ?' '? No. no, John ! But if you heard any thing, I wish you had heard all ! You would havo unlerstood that I — I was startled, taken by surprise. I had uever dreamt that he, Walter, was living, when I — when you — ' she hesitated painfully, yet not as ouo abashed or ashamed— then added, 'never until last nightj' ? ' 1 know, I know, my brave true-hearted girl!' lie said. 44 You're not to blame— you've been straight and square.' ' And ho,' sho interposed, hastily. 'And ho too,' Johu Armstrong rejoined, 'ho did not know. Nor I, Holen, do me justice, too ! I did not kuow that tho mau I chummed with at Ocala, whom I know as Lawrence, was Walter Stretton.' 44 Waltor Lawrenco Stretton,' aho ex plained. 44 Yes, I kuow, ho has told me, it is his second name,' ho said, wiucing a littlo at her eagerness to oxplain on his behalf. 44 But I did not know that Walter Stretton was the uamo of the man you cared for ! Wo none of us knew. It's beou a chapter of mistakes all round. Bnt now — now I aeo what I can givo you, Helen ! I can givo you your free dom ' 4' Johu, uo — you are too good 1' she pro tested with remorseful tenderness — what is to a mau tho terrible frank tenderness of the wnhiiiti ivlin rliinw unf ]fW»- Mm !' 44 No, not that!' ho said, recoiling from tho word 41 good' on her lips. 44 Wait — wait, Helen! till you'vo heard all. I givo you back your freedom and something more! I givo into your hand the means of clearing Walter Stretton's name. Philip Stretton's death was no murder ! I ought to know, because — because tho accident — it waa an accident! was brought ub.mt by me !' 44 You, John !? Oh, Johu, aro you mad ?' sho fell back from him with doubt, foar, horror, iu her oyes, i 44 No. I'm not mad, unless it's madness to tell you tho truth. It waB my hand caused Philip Stretton's death.' ' Yours? Then, who, what — are you?' 44 What I've always been, to you and all tho world,' plain Johu Armstrong!' 4 4 You were thoro, at Holborough at the timo? But— how was that? aud. what had you to do with Philip Strettou? Wo never kuesv auything about you.' 44 No. You uever kuow mo nor my sister, my poor littlo sister Lizzie. But Philip Scrotum kuow her ; t dam say ho didu't talk of her to you. Wo weren't of your set, you see. You always know I never concealed from you that I hadn't moved in tho same class you'd been uccustomod to mix with. You kuow that, aud wero willing to accept it.' 44 Yes ! You were yourself to me.' 44 That's how it is wo never met at Hol borough. I was ouly there uow and then for a time, aud we moved in difforeut orbits. My sister was as good a girl as over breathed, but I dolicate, a pretty little palo thing, fond of I books and poetry. Philip Stretton didn't j moau auything* by his attention to her — ! perhaps no harm, perhaps uo good. I didu't ohoo.so that he should amuse himself making a playthiug of her heart. Wo mot on that lonely road : I spoke to hiiii- — he took tho high aud mighty tone with me, and told me to mind my own busiueas. Woll, it's no dIvij for ywur cats, Heleu, but you can guess ho vv words ran hiygh betwoon uo. ^isi live, * I'd no intent nor thought of serious injury to ' life or limb when I struok him. But I was strong, and I suppose in my angor I hit hardor than I meant. It was iuBt by evil ohauco that he fell with hinitemplo on a sharp stono. If I'd lot him lio a® ho foil, it would - have been plain enough how it happened. ? But in my horror and dismay I lifted him up, and moved him, trying to : recall, him to life. It novcr occurred to mo, I was so stunned, that the stono loft lying thore would havo beon supposed to havo 'boon used as a woapou, still leas that young Walter Stretton would bo suspeoted.' . 44 Wbv did you not como forward and tell tho truth P' 44 Bccauso, I own , it to you, Helen, I was a coward —for my sister's sake moro than for my own ! . It would h&vo; killed Lizzio to have had my namo oouplcd with his death, and hor numo dragged in und compromised, as it must have beon.- I thought to save my sister's good namo and peace of-mind. It was not until 1 was far away that I hoard how Walter Strotton had beon arrested and discharged for want of ? evidence. I thought tho matter ? ended thero j — was no moro concern of mine. But I seo ; now, a man's deed is a matter ofjhis lifo for ' ovor — he can never got away fromrit ! ' 44 And — your sister?' breathed^Hden. 44 Sho died! I took this silanco on my conscience for her sake, in vain. I aeo now that it was a crime. But I dWn't know — bolievo mo, Helen, I never knew how Walter - Stretton had suffered from it. And I didn't know it was your heart I waa incarly break-' ing ! But now it's not too lato to *n tono to you both. You wero his, first. I give you, back to him ! I'll give you a written state inont tolling exactly how Plnlip Stretton's death camo about. If that's not enough, I'll go back to England and mako my declaration thero.' 44 It is onough ! it shall be enough! You shall not go back to run tho smallest risk ! Ob, John, I cannot accopt this sacrifice from you!' But yot. in her heart, sho knew, and ho know, that tho snorifico was already accepted. Whfen Walter Stretton came, obeying a message from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, ho found John and Helen hand locked in hand, aud it was hard to say which was the paler in this parting hour. John turned and put Helen's hand in Walter's. 44 Sho has a great deal to toll you, Law rence,' ho said, and his strong voioo shook a little. 44 I'll leavo you together.' Tears wero in Helen's eyes, but John Armstrong smiled, for tho heart throb of saorifice is a pain that stings liko joy. Ho turned away and left them — together. 