Tlio Kaiser in the Pulpit. SERMON TO IIIS SOLDIERS.. THE MIGHTY TOWER IN RATTLE. (Translated by Octavius C. Beale.) 'Two days after his much-quoted faro speech to the troops departing for Ch viz., on Sunday, July 29, tho Kaiser < . ducted divine service in person upon Hohenzollern off Heligoland. He cl as his text Exodus, 17th Chapter; 1 verse, and entitled his discourse, ."TUE SACRED DUTY ASI) THE HOLY POV OF INTEKCESSIOX." His Majesty hogan :-Seventh Sum arftor Trinity. Tho grace of our L -Jesus Christ and tho love of God and ; Communion of tho Holy Ghost be with all. Amen. Text: Exodus 17, ll, "So long Moses upheld his hands in praj-or, 1st frevailed ; when, however, ho lot do is hands, Amalok prevailed." That is a touching picture which c ttoxt of to-day depicts before tho so 'Behold Israel journeying through t »desert from tho Bod Sea to tho Mount :Sinai. Suddenly tho heathen nation Amalek steps in tho way to block thi Eassage, and it comes to a fight. Josh jads tho young manhood, of Israel in "the fray, swords clash against each othi .-a fieroe and bloody battle begins in t Vale of Rephidim. But, lo ! whilst t combat sways hither and thither, tho pious men of God-Moses, Aaron, ai Hur- climb tho mountain heights, thc . stretoh their hands aloft to heaven, th< pray, BPIOW, in tho valley, tho fightii troops ; above, on tho mount, tho prayir -troops-that is tho sacred battle-picture i .our text. Who understands not to-day what -would say to us ? Yet once again tin .heathen, Arnalekitish spirit has moved i .self in furthor Asia. With great pow< -and much craftiness, with burnings an -murder, they would block tho passage c .European trade and European genzus .yea, of tho triumphal progress of Chri: 'tian morality and Cliristian faith. An yet once again has God's command got forth, " Chooso us out men ; go forth au fight against Amalok !" A floree an ^bloody struggle has begun. Already man -of our brothers stand up to the fiery hui .manyare jourueyiug towards tho coasts c the foo; and you have seen them-thos thousands who, at tho call, " Voluiiteei to the front ! Who will guard tho Em pire ?" gathor together, so that, with ban . ners flying, they, too, may onter the fraj But wo-wo who must romain behin -in the homo-land, we who aro bound b -other sacred duties-say, "Hear yo no \- tho call of God, that goos forth to you and that says to you, 'Climb up th \- mount ! Ilaiso thy hands aloft to Heaven 'The prayor of the righteous availoth mucl .when it is earnest !"' Well, then, yonder, far off, aro th fighting hosts ; hero, in tho home-land, tb praying hosts-let that, too, ho tho sacrée battle-picturé of oin? day. Lot this quio morning hour admonish us, let it revea -to us the sacred duty of intercession, let i remind us of tho holy power of prayer. TUT SACRED DUTY OF INTERCESSION". Assuredly that is an inspiring inornoul when a ship with her young company OT 'board weigns her anchor I Have you nol seen tho oyes of tho warriors light up! Have you not heard their thousand-voicoc "hurrahs P But when the coastlino^of thc "homeland vanishes, when they plunge inte .the-glowing heat of tho Red Sea, or inte ^the billows of the ocoan, how easily wane "the gaiety and the enthusiasm ! Assuredly, an olovating moment is that when, after a long voyage, tho straight lines of the Gorman forts show up afar .when tho blaok, white and red flags of thc German oolony bocomo visible and tht brothors-in-arms wait to joyously receive them on tho shore ; but when there come ?.the long marohes in tho burniug sun, thc long nights of bivouao in tho rain, how lame do strength and cheerfulness bocomo ! Assuredly that is a long-dosirod moment when tho drum "beats to tho storm and thc .trumpets blaro to tho flight, when thc word of command resounds, " Forward upon tho foe !" But when, in tho.thundoi .of tho guns and the bursting of the shells, .comrades begin to fall to left and right, ^and tho batteries of tho enemy will not yield, how easily thon begins the bravest "heart to quake ! Christians ! so that our brothers out yonder may romain choerful in tho direst need, romain faithful oven in tho hardest .duty, remain dauntless oven in.tho greatest danger-for this they need moro than munitions and koon weapons, moro than youthful oourago and flaming onthusiam -for this they need the blessing from above, else they cannot win and preservo "the victory ; and this heavonly world only .opens itself to prayer. Prayer is tho golden key to the treasure- house of God. ;But whosoever has it, ho has also tlie ípromise " Whoso nsketh reoeiveth." Or shall we perhaps sit idly with our hands in our lapB ? Woo to us if wo .should be indifferent and lazy whilst they carry on tho hard and bloody work 1 Woo .to us if wo, behind tho lists, behold with .ouriosity tho groat drama whilst they ?grapple in thojiorco and deadly combat ! That were tho spirit of Cain with tho cruol speech, " Am I my brother's keeper ?" That were perfidy to our good brothers who sot their lives at stake ! No, never I Lot us not only mobilise ?onr battalions of warriors-nay, also a sacred corps of supplicants. Yes; there is muoh indeed, to supplicate and implore for our brothers who aro go ing into the field. They aro to bb the atronç arm which shall punish the .assassins ; they are to be .that " mailed fist "which shaU'drive into tho wild "dis I order : sword in hand shall they enter there for our holiest things. So let us in prayer go with them away on tho rolling sea, away on their inarches, away in the thunder of hattie and the quiet of tho hospital. Lict us boseoch tho post ; that, heroic and undauntod, they fight in tho fray ; that, with silent valor, tiley enduro thoirjwounds ; that God grant to them who fall under firo a happy omi, und give thom tho rownrd of tho faithful -in short, that lie mako horoos of tho warriors and victors of tho heroos, and then, witli laurels round their tropic hel mets aid stars of honor on their breasts, that Ho bring thom homo to tho land of their fathers. TIIK HOLY ltnVKK OK INTKltCKSNION. Or is it that wo do not bolievo tho holy powor of intercession ? Now, thou, what says our loxt ? "So longos Mottes hold up Iiis hands Israel provailod." Tho lorvout pntyora of Afoses blunted tho swords of tho onomy, drove thomsolvos like a wedge into tho battle array ol' tho foo, made them, to rool, and give tho victory to the waving standards ol' Israel. And if tho prayers of ii MOHOS aouninplifhcd that, should not our prnyors, too, avail as muoh Ï God lias nover retracted a ny J labio oi'43l.is pro I misos; faithful prayers can ovou now cast tho bannor of tho dragon in tho dust and plant tho standard bf tho cross upon tho walls. I And Mosos stands not alono in his in tercession. Lo I yondor; high upon the hill of Sodom, stands Abraham interceding; with IUB Qod, and with lu's supplication ho prays Lot out of tho blazing city. Arni shall success not also crown our prayors in that wo, too, shall pray our comeados out of tho dru ol' battler1 Look towards Jerusalem, whore IrnoelB tho young community of (Jlirist.iaiis their loailor, their fathor, lios a prisoner in. I tho dungeons-and bohold, with tlioir prayers tlioy call tho angel ol'God into tho prison, and ho loads out I'otor uninjured. And «liaiI not, thou, our prayers, now and to-day, liavo tho powor to burnt open tin»' doors of tho distressed, tho imprisoned, and fiio persecuted, and to put the ángel» at tlioir sido 'i Yes, tho God of Ago» still lives Í Our Groat Ally still reigns-tho holy God,, who cannot lot sin and outrugo triumph, hut will guido Iiis holy cituso against au. unholy nation-tho Almighty God, Who can roaoh through tho strongest willis a« though they woro oobwohs, and scatter tho mightiest hosts as though they woro Imap» of »and-tho merciful, faithful Clod, Whr> hours in His father-heart tho weal and woo of Mis ohildron, Who hoars ovcry »igh and fools with ovory nocd. Fervent prayora opon ' that fatlior-hoart, and it ia full oC love. Yos, faithful, persistent prayorB thoy bring down tho living (Joel from boa von and placo Him in our midst. And. when God is with us, who can bo against us Y "Well, thou 1 Aloft in towors upon tho. mountain hoights thoro hang weird bolls Î. Novor by hand of man have thoy boon rung. Still and innto they rest tho whilo tho sun shines. But wliou tho storm-wind comos, whon thoy begin to swing, i.hoybogiri to ring, and man far down in tho valloy hour tho clangour of tho bolls. Uod tho Lord has hung in ovory human, hoart tho bolls of prayer. Yot,.iu UIOHUII BIU'IMJ and happiness of lifo, how oft thoy hang thoro still and mute I Bul whoa tho Hform-wiml of trouble breaks forth, thou thoy begin te ring. Just so ; mimy a 00m rado who lia« forgotten to pray wilt ouco moroJohiHp his hands in tho strugglo of lifo and death. Need teaches prayer. So may it bo at homo. Not rnoroly irow and thoit in the fostal house-no, no ! Lot us 1» faithful in prayor. A« our fathom of old in timos of war sounded tho bulls each evening, and at their clang bared their hoads and prayed, " Abido with us, Lord Jesus Christ, for now tho oven' has como," BO lot us not for ono day forgot tho duty of intercession. Moses held aloft his hands until tho going down of tho sun ; thou had Joshua smitten Anialok with Iii» odgo of tho sword I Our strugglo is not to bo ondud in a singlo day. But lot not tho hands bo weary nor sink until tho vic tory ho won. Lot our prayers bo a wall of firo about tho camp of our brothers ! How it will strengthen, inspire, in flame thom, tho thought that thou sands- nay, millions-at home boar us in their suppliant hoarts 1 Tho King of Kings calls, " Volunteers to tho front ! Who will pray for tho J5mpiro?" Oh Î may it bo our caso also ; "Tho King called, and all, all carno." Let not ono of us fail. " Whoo'or can pray is a man to-day." Tho history of tho world will ono day describo tho battles of those timo?., But man only BOOS what'is boforo his oyeB ; ho can only tell what tho wisdom of tho loadors, tho conrago of tho troops, or what tho keenness of tho weapons hus dono. But eternity will yet rovoal »till more-it will show te us how tho hidden prayors of tho faithful havo boon a mighty power in. those battles, how tho ancient promise oft ful ills itself, ''Call upon mo in trouble, and I will deliver thoo." Thoroforo, persevero in prayor ! Anion. A ti_~."1:_i\\_r_11.._...... in China, tho Knisor repeated tho Lord a Prayor, pronounced tho Benediction, and closed tho service. stand firm at their 