f*Rwit Mr. j-ggin Bradley, M.H.A. is a*l^pt dRHie eMnypugy of nasoent ingot Us. Ipwvoriieiof his theme. -H|a W» ^portuiit^,' he would supply TJMxSSBt bury, Joey Chamberlain, and all the Boyal Family with wooden heads made from onunKs or 'xaamanian ramper, warranted hyawcephalic proof.' B» would feed the raoes of the tearth, blat* ^4^yeJtow;ati4oa)per,apd nopplpr at-all — white— onTaamanian jam ; olothe them in Hobart woollens; and boot tb£min leatl^er niadeCroni the hideB of Tasmanlan tilraw og pplio^ans. John B. is imosisym]Sttotio,*i til fiie struggling inechanio who has erected his 1-h.p. jroAenbp, while Wb' soiA expands witit patriotic fervor as he views the larger factory. Native industries are his gods and he is their high priest. Beoognising Mr. Bradley's earnestness a representa tive meeting , of - manufacturers and friends assembled at the Town Hall, at his request, last Tuesday night, when the convener explained his purpose — that Hobart Bhould have an Industrial Exhi bition early in 1901. The object of the exhibitionjirould be to educate visitors ana cftiwa into using and appreciating native products and manufacturers. The consumer was too prone to believe tbe 'native' article shrinks at the Icnees and was generally provocative of distress, internal and otherwise; that itwaa crudely barbaric. An exhibition would purge the people of much prejudioe— and great world be the glory to Prophet Bradley and prosperity to Tasmania. fSa Ctir r s», as a true patriot, wishes Mr.Bradley's exhibition every success. He has any amount of material from which to form a good committee ; but money will be re quired before the doors open. £100 was mentioned at the Town Hall meeting as a euii adequate for the purpose. The C-.ipmb tanghs right across its face at the paltriness of that sum. What is woi-tli doing iB worth doinf stylishly. An exhibition of 'I asmanian products must not look mean and paltry. If it is in tended to exhibit a few chunks of hard wood, some jam, and a pot of tinned fish, .£100 may suffice; but even let such a show be embroidered and gilded with viowegal-pafcronage jJm cynical oublis will reftise to take tie Native Imtustry Exhibition BeriouBly. Money will be urgeuray required for a mulntu9e of pur poses, including canvassing and collect ing exhibits representing the mineral, amqnM$ral, pastoral, and industrial w«MH} 6f -the colony ; also, art and science must not be forgotten. Such a sum of aaoneyas would do justice to the occa sion must be either begged, borrowed, or commandeered. Ifr. Bradley's committee will be handicapped by the ghost of the lC9i White Elephant, which continue* to abide with us and demand its balance sheet; and at this time a plowing prdipectuB consocted by the most gifted wild-cat monger nay fail to enthuseHo barfconiiuis.and Parliamentiscartain to be ultra-pessimist' c.eoTHE Clippeb believes that it will require a strong man and a big pair of bellows if wind is to be pumped into tii* exhibition project. With good luck and a strong committee John Bradley msy succeed. Anyhow, he is certain to deserve success, so Tbi Clipper prays that John Bradley's faith be increased so that it may move mountains. Stacbt's Monday concert Ob week wrb of a novel character, the Sivroni Specialty Company being specially en gaged to fill the bill. Tbe house was packed, and the show went with a large, easy swing from start to finish— burlesque, variety, broad farce. The sonl of the show was SJvronL This gentleman was quite newtt. Hobart, but on Monday night he jnmpM Into favor Btraigbtway. Sivroni is original and ve.mtile : sings well (in his own line), patten crUply, dances exul. tingly. One dance In particular — billed as a kangaroo dance, but quite distinot from the ordinary or garden variety of the kangaroo brand— was absolutely unique. In this fiivmni, without penseotible «xer cise of a mnsole or movement of a bone, bounces like a tennis ball. He dances .as well as Johnny Ooleman, albeit quite a dif ferent sort of dancer. Itiss Kate Catlton is a valuable auxiliary i good stagepps sence, crisp and cleat - enunciation, and soprano voice ot moderate power. Mr. Ernest Fernleight it a tenor who /latterly with Sivroni) hag travelled much in India and the East. This weak hit voice was not atiits best, bnt he sing a new patriotic song, and that covered all deficiencies Miss Boeie Williams is a dainty serio comic with a winsome appearance and a charming manner, and all tbe admired accessories. On the whole it i««l ear that, if 'ivronl appears again in Hobart the pnblic will do well to encourage tbe young man in an energetic manner, and shovel forth its Bhekels without the slightest tin-je of economic qualm. As a matter of fact, the public has already recorded Its approval of Sivroni, for the saccess of Monday's show encouraged Stacey to give a second show on Tuesday night, and the crowd was as large as Monday. Stacey iB making some money on these shows. Which iB a good thing, for Stacey is a gentle creature and an ornament to the church, So indecent has been the exhibition of the ' lydy ' courtesans and mistresses of the Swagger Soldiers of the Queen— the officers— that the High Commissioner, Sir Alfred Milner, aid the Under Seore tary of War have had to enter a pnblic protest against the ' plague of women ' at the Cape. The protest was a horrible bore to the fast set— nothing more. Ma. Andrew Bybne, having returned from MaorUaud, is again handling the world-famous Brinsmead pianos at spe cially tempting prioes. The new Brins mead show-room is in Etizabeth-strest, next to the A.M.P. ohamden. A oband conoert is being arranged for Wednesday evening, July 11, at the Town Hall, when Sip value of gifts will be debuted. ? ? 