THE MYSTERY OF FAIR HOLME HALL [All Rights Keserved ] ' I say, Fnirholme,. what's this I hear about a mysterious figure beiug seen to Hit y round your ancestral' home ? You surely have not started a family ghost since I saw you last ?' The speaker was a handsome young fellow, luxuriously ensconced in the depths of a big chair drawn up to the library lire at Fairholme Hall. ' Most certaiuly not. There never has been anything so romantic as a ghost haunting the old place, to my know ledge,' replied his companion, his senior by some years. ' It was some silly story invented by a moonstruck housemaid frightened at her own shadow,' he con tinued, stooping to knock the asheB out of his oipe. ' My wife and. 1 did our best to convince the girl of the absurdity of the thing, but it was no good; she declared nothing would. induce her to live with a ghost. .She left., and being a girl from the village, of course the story got all over the place.' He spoke care lessly, but a close observer would have detected a tinge of anxiety in his voice. *' You are not given to nerves, so I need not fear leaving you in this reputed haunted house, though all the same I am awfully sorry to have to go ofl just as you get here, Singleton.' .- . ' My dear fellow, it -is not your fault.' 'Well, no; it is iny\\)ounden duty to attund my father-in law's funeral, and my wife being abitshakeu with thb fort night's hard nursing I don't like her travelling alone thenext day.' . Hugh Singleton was not inclined for Bleep that night so sat reading for some time by his bedroom fire, getting so interested in the book that when lie dis covered the other volume had been left in the library he determined to go in search of it. To his surprise, the gas, though turned low. was still burning, aud the French window slightly open. ' I suppose Fairholme is taking a noc turnal prowl round the premises,' he thought, as he began searching for the book among a heap of magazines and papers that littered a table near the win dow. He stood facing the garden, and had just found the object of his search when a figure iu woman's dress appeared at the window; then, seeing him. glided away. At the same moment Mr. Fair holme softly opened the door. ' I say, Kairholme,' whispered Hugh, peering cut into the darkness, ' I be lieve there is some truth in that girl's story after all. I distinctly saw a woman pass just now. Supposing we go out and investigate P' ' Nonsense.' returned the other lightly. ' It must have been your fancy. I have had a few things to see to before starting, the room was hot, so 1 opened the windotv. You saw tlie branches of that chestnut moving in tlie wind, and by this half-light took the movement for a passing figure,' Hugh was unconvinced, but, seeing the other seemed anxious to shut up the house for the night, went back to his room. ' As there is net a breath of wind, those branches could not have been stirred,' he said to himself. ' 1 will watch carefully to-morrow night, when I have the place to myself.' Bat though he sat up till past three, with eyes and ears on the alert, every thing remained perfectly quiet. Tlie next night he lazily asked himself whether he should repeat the experi ment, decided that it was not worth the j troul-le.aud prepared to h:ivea nua) pipe before turning in. As he stood by the (ireolace, idly drumming on the waius- \ cot. and wishing that his friends were bacK to cheer his solitude, he began to ' whistle, '' All ! che la morte,' He had ! heard the song well sung a few days pre- ! yiously, and the tune had been running in his head ever since. Presently to his astonishment, he felt the panel begin to slide from beneath his fingers, a hollow space became visible, and from it step ped out a slight, fragile-looking girl, with the ruoet beautiful chestnut hair he had ever 6een. For an instant they Kt/ood gazing at each other in speechless dismay, tnen. with a stifled cry, the girl lurueu «j me opening again : out nugll caught her firmly by the. wrists. ' Stop ! ' he said, authoritatively. ' You must explain what you mean by coming into the room in this extraordi nary fashion. ' Mr. and Mrs. Fairholme both knowl am here,' she answered. ' 1 think you are their friend. Mr. Hugh Singleton, from the description they gave me of | him.' | Theu, as Hugh continued to hold her i firmly, she added, imploringly :' If one of the servants found me here, it might mean my death. 1 only came be- 1 cause I heard the signal, aud thought Mr. Fairholme had come, back sooner than he expected.' 'But I gave no signal,' said Hugh, touched— in suite of his suspicions that she was the accomplice of some thief— by her pale, frightened face and quiver ing lipE.' ' Someone tapped on the panel, and then whistled ? Ah ! che la morte,' I thought it was all right when I heard that, sc touched the spring and Came out.' ' The servants went to bed long aeo, j ani there is no one beBides myself stay ing in the house, so you are perfectly safe,' Hugh said. ' liefore I let you go, you must tell me your name, and -why it is you are hiding here.-' ' My name is Valerie St. Leger, aud I am hiding because '-^ — she hesitated a moment — ' I am accused of having muiaerea someone, me evidence m strong against me, and unless I tell the name of tlie person who I know really did the deed, and give the' proofs that would condemn her, they might hang ffleS I fell into their hands. You will teepany secret ; you will not let Anyone ^tnow'l am here i? ' ~ ' 'I swear I will not. But you look aw-' fully pale ; let me set you some wine.' She shook her head. 'lam not ill; it is only that I have missed the air lately. Since Mrs. Fair holme left it has not been safe for me to come out every night.' ' Ah ! you are the ghost, then ; my eyes dm not deceive me two nights ago. ' No ; you gave me a terrible fright when I saw you standingtliere. I had not been out fora week, aud I was beginning to feel so faint that Mi, Fairholme said we would ri6k it for a few minutes. He had gone to fetch something for me to take when you came in. Seeing a man stand ing by the table, in the dim light. 1 mis took you for him. and was just going to speak when I found out my mistake.' ' But. surely, you don't live behind that panel ? ' ' (ill, no! that is the entrance to a pas sage that leads to a night of steps built in the thickness of the wall. At the bot tom you come to a little room called ' The Priest's Hole.' That is where I have been living lor the last twoj months.' J ' You poor child ! ' Baid Hugh, com passionately. ' M-i wonder you look pale. But I wish you would tell me the whole story.' ' It woulri take too long to-night, and it is never safe for me to come out in the day.' : ' But cannot I go to you ? ' '. ?'Not until the Fairliolinea are back. There would be no one to signal to you that the coast war clear this side.' My - safety lies in tlie fact that hau ly any one knows that there is a secret '-passage behind the wainscot. I come up and stand there sometimes for change -of air. That is how I heard you tapping to night. Tlie signal is tapping, while whistling an air from' '? Trovatbre ' to deaden the noise of the raps. It weald not do to always whistle tho same tune so we chose an opera with popular airs in it. Good night. I dare not stay lon ger now.' She sprang into the opening and closed the panel before he had realised what she was going to do. When the Fairholmes arrived next day Hugh drew his host aside and told him of tlie discovery he had made the pre vious evening. ' It's a bad bu sill ess for Valerie, poor child,' said Mr. Fa'irholme, ' She is as innocent of the crime as you are, and .vet has to submit to this imprisonment or betray hei half-sister.' ' What a horriblo alternative 1 But who is she ? ' 'The only child of a friend — long since d«nd — to whom I was under a grent obligation. He risked his life to save mine, in fact ; so when I heard of the terrible strait to which his daughter was reduced I willingly agreed to help her.' ' 1 urn very curious to hear the whole story,' Hugh eairl. ' She shall tell you tho details herself later on. In a nutshell, the fact s ai e these. Valerie's mother had made a runaway marriage with someone greatly her inferior in the social Ecale. That was before she ever saw Mr. St. Leger. The a flair was. hushed up. and the first hus band dying soon after, it was .derided (for family reasons, which Icannotenter into now, to keep the marriage a secret. When the child. Eunice was born, she was placed with a family abroad, and brought up in entire ignorance o! h--r parentage. Miss Hilton— the aunt who adopted Valerie after her parents' death — of course knew about it, but 'V alerie herself never even suspected she hud a sister. Unluckily, the true facts of the case came to Eunice's ears ; she went to her aunt, and a violent quarrel en sued, Eunice declaring she had been kept out of her rights, and deprived of a port: n of her mother's money. The two sisters are bo much alike that, no one having seen Eunice come to the house (she had been admitted by an oid nurse, who had always taken her part), the girl who was seen to leave Hilton's room immediately, after the quarrel wae believed to be Valerie. Miss Hilton whs found on the floor dead. ha\ing struck her forehead against the marble curb when Eunice, in the heat of passion, had pushed her violently aside. The nurse managed to get Eunice away dressed in boy's clothes, Valerie meanwhile having come here and implored me to protect her. When the aftair has blown over a bit we shall try and get her abroad, hut of course, just at present sue is being soiiRht for everywhere.' Hugh paid many a visit to the Priest's Hole during his stay, aud when he left it was with Valerie's promise to be his wife, if everthe cloud of suspicion which rested on her should be lifted. She would never marry unlesB hei name was cleared she told him. They had not long to wait before death released the ill-fated Eunice from the burden of remorse thai lay so heavily upon her ; and her full confession ie moved all doubt of Valerie's innocence. 