[?] '^?ffMS^^^y^a^ BwirtTttiJ; , _; :^cv; GANt^ *«5dit' ill* terriiije truth 1 It seems like a wild dream? Itfltb clasped hands ind i ear-dimmed 'eyes,' * young ^irl ejaculnled these words. as ebegtood caiinjt with mi»d«Dd sorrowful look at afllckerioiifire, the wavering fUmes o£ »rhioh tiirew o6t etrBojre weird shadows upon the walla of a large and ban'dsomely forotabed room. - It was a richly-appointed apartment ; flowers Dot only decorated 1 he . FBB6*, but bung in nay festoons around the w«,lle. Kara and beautiful excites they : ware moftlf greentinuse blossom* relieved ?fcy the dflfk eveijrreena with which they ;iiere enlwihed, for it is « niehtin January, nwildnieht of' frost and snpwTand the jflovrers of Hummer hare long einoe faded .; and gone. , -_ . ?_-, ? ;' . . -.' , Very f»ir and .beautiful mitbu one ijjrirl, *tand(Dp there like a; spirit of ihe ' ,nip;ht by the jrtowinp: embers of the firft liglit. A' robe of white frstue. faUing Id transparent folds over a Hob under-drees of . »aUo,- jjave a j{os*amer jfraoe to her figure ??-iriiicli airydnpery alone can Impart. ..A wreath of white roses was bound around her brow, confining the golden tresses which fell, unshorn and . untutored, even to her waist. What a contrast her. gala drees and mournfnl attitude presented. That floral garland— and tatx* sad, dark, heavenly blue eyes all swimming in tears. VVirtfoIlv the young creature looked at a rioh oimolu dock on the mantelshelf, Uie continuous ticking of which sounded monrnful in the solitude. Lost in her sad reverie, the beautiful and lonely eirl heard not the opeuinjrof the door behind her— that door that opened so «iowly and gently it seemed as though it were turning on in visible hinges ; and then, as the clock ticked in its' monotonous/unceasing resru : larky, a young man appeared there upon the threshold of the bbamber, his dark eyes glarlne: wilh a fixed stare at the unconscious girl before Mm. '- 'Ella.' at length exclaimed the intruder in a low hnihsd voice, the tones causing the vpnng maid to start as if with electric file.' ' Oh, Paul, Paul, is it you f ' she cried ; and the next moment, regardless of the roned she was crashing, the beautiful gauze folds she was disordering, she was weeping on his shoulder, half enveloped in the folds of his dark heavy travelling cloak, for the young man was habited for a- journey. ' How pale yoa an, Paul,' ?aid the fair ; girl, as she led her willing visitor to the 6re. ' And bow beautiful you are, dear Ella, to-night ; and how like a fairy queen in your gosaammer attire ; ' and then, his voice ringing with a bitter mooking, he ' added : ' And they have dressed you thus go I hat you might appear still more attrac tive in the eyes of the villain and roue, Btainforth 1 ' 'Yes. dear Paul, far. though,. ^tU my natal day, 1 did not wish to be dressed for mT hirtluW toH^Hware that you were to ' be driven forth ; but our erael uncle was inexorable, and I was obliged to submit. He would have it so.' The young girl here, her fine eves flashing, plucking the wreath of roses from the meshes of her wavy golden hair, oast them at her feat. ' My banishmenb u hard to bear, Ella, when I remember, too, that it has been brought about by the scoundrel, Fred 8tainfortb.n ' ' And to that man my uncle has pro mieed my hand I But I will never become lih bride, dear Paul. Far better death in the lake than a union with Captain Stain forth.' There was a fierce, wild light in the blue eyes of the poor girl, as, clinging shudder ingly to the stalwart youth betide her, she moaned in the extremity of her despair. ?? Wl.y talk of death, dear Ella t Why not fly with me this ntglil — tliia hoor I ' Any reply she might have made to her lover was now'frozen an the lips of the un happy girl by a loud mocking laugh that echoed through the chamber, at the half open door of which stood a tall, handsome man of middle age, whose eyes,' like those of a hawk, glistened and flushed as he gated upon the young couple before him. ' The part of eavesdropper well become* you. Captain Stainfortb, but I defy you now as I did a week ago, and here, before my , cousin Ella, stigmatise you as a scoundrel and a coward.' ' Your words of rape and scorn have little weight with me. Paul Lomax ; I should be indeed a fool were I to note the ravings and insults of a beggar and an out cast ; and for you. Mist Ella, I would advise instant retirement to your chamber whilst I conduct yonr cousin out of the bouse.' Vouchsafing no reply to this insolent speech, the lorer, snatching a kies from the lips of his weeping cousin, with a haughty defiant stare at the sardonic looking cap tain, strode from the apartment ; the poor girl, with dazed, wild, distrait expression upon her features, gliding past the trium phant Stainforth ; her white, silverylook ing robes flui taring like the wings of a snowy bird as she disappeared from the chamber, leaving the cause of her grief and despair alone. Ualf-an-hour after tbU incident, wrapped in the voluminous folds of *an Inverness cape, the sucoexsfnl claimant fer the hand of I be lovely Ella Thornton, stealing cauliouelv from EUersley Orange, and pass ing unpercelved through the lodge gates, made bis way along an avenue of pinet and, from thence branching off through the woodtd'precintsef the old manos house, came to a bait as he gained a little rustio bridge that extended across s small lake, now a glistening man of steely-blue ios. The moon, shining brightly, out a luminous glare upon psrk and woodland, its rays throwing in a lengthened shadow upon the ice, the tall muffled form of a female standing, in the centre of the rustic .bridge, and who, at the appearance of the . man, with a little laugh, hurried forward to meet him. 11 Raita. It is well you've come, Oapi taine, for thou art my rom (husband) whilst, bueno ! I am your romi (wife).' ? Another mooking insolent laur/h here ....escaped the mouth of the via anger, who, '?'?? throwing aside her veil, revealed the dark. hanieome features and glistening en bs of a Uiecnyaa ; a bold, haughty, lovely looking womM/*nt ^A * -J««n V ti-«» tiger »r the leop^d ic b«- lM^e W*ct e.^ i *-? ?^heteffris, :m# aadiite^rsy 3Erom the. mouth of the man of Mats; who presently, in al»«Mh grating voice, exclaimed : I '1 have met you here at. your desire. Cat&itna;, but, have a care ! I have hither to remitted to yon the stipulated sum We agreed upon when we parted three years ago at Paris. Why then, have you ? now insiMedopon this interview I and here, too, near the house of old General Stacey/ ' 'Bocause you are about to marry this bid fellow's nieoe, and, became I, your romi ,{wife) want money.' : -, , . ?-?:. '?; [-'? ' You reoeived your quarterly allowance only liist week.' said the Captain lo a thick guttural voice, rendered jhoane. Trith sup pi etsed rage. ??????' '-' ..-??? ?.- '-:.'- 'Per Bacoo 1 And suppose I did, Gapl tabte, what then I I require cash, urgently require it ; and who should a woman call upon for money when ehe wants It If hot up on her huuband !', , ' And U 1 refuse this fresh supply.' . '-'I shall prerent you from ODromittinga crime, dear Frederick, that's aU.' : There whs here another little ripDle of taughfer from the ruby lips of the Juno-like beauty. 'You will prevent me -committing a crime,' reiterated the enraged man a* he glared viciously, first at hie. companion and then round the lonely and silent place of their meeting. . : ' Beano I Bigamy, dear Fred, is a crime, is it not T ' ?'ifow much money do you want I'. ejaculated the enraged Stainforth.payingno heed to the female's last sneering query. ' Caramba 11 thought we should come to terms ; and as you did love me once, Capitaine, I'll not be bard upon you. Let me have a thousand pounds to-morrow, and five thousand more the day you marry that little blonde (the old fire-eater. General Stacey's niece), and I'll trouble you no more.' ' And it 1 am unable to find this large sum 1 ** ?* ' Too must find it, Uapi taine. ' ' Or else ! ' 'You'll lose the little blonde and her fortune. Bah 1 , I've been too considerate, too moderate. I've not asked half enough.' 'You've asked more than you'll get from me, you gipay jade,'* eaid the Captain, fairly now beside himself with rage. ' Oh I Carajo I That1, it, is it I Beuno! you defy me. Gipsy, am 1 1 Well, I am gipsy enough t« tell you your fortune, Cap tain Frederick Lascelles Stainforth. If you are not very soon banged yoa will die in1 prison. I have got those forged bills of De Castro, and I have but to say 'the word when the law will be on your track. Par Bacco ! what do you say to that ! ' There was no reply given to this speech ; a wild, shrill scream presently, however, echoing in the frosty air, accompanied by the splintering orash «f broken ice as a human form hurled over the bridge, with a horrid, harsh, grating noise, sank into the frozen waters of the lake. Wildly the wintry wind bowled through tba wood of Etlersley Grange, as, branded with the mark of Cain, Captain Btainforth like' a hunted hare, dashei through the copse after leaving the frozen waters into jrhich-fo*- J»*4 «»-_j*uiwEftal«aly ~ .throvivJua unhappy victim. The moon, hidden now by the maseea of cloud, all was dark, giim, and drear ; feathery flakes of snow presently falling around the ssBossin as he sped wildly on in rage and terror, having lost the path. The leafless trees, like giant spectres stretched out their broad branches paunt and weird, or, waving in the blast, seemed beckoning to tbat crouched bent form as it hurried on like a vile and evil spirit of the night. Tearing and plunging recklessly on, the man of evil passions, as he became more involved in the deep recesses of lha woods, grew dismayed and appalled. A paroxysm of supernatural horror now seized upon him as he entered a guide or avenue lined with trees, thick fun, and undergrowth. Total darkness, 'deep, black, and dense, now enveloped the murderer ; the trunks of the trees now and again looming out as a break oeuurred io the snow-laden branobes above, that, interweaving, fortred a kind of frame on which the descending snow rested like an awning. The ghastly cry of the owl, ' tuwhittu who,' followed by the renewed shrieking of the wind, at length canned the assassin to come to a halt. Panting and exhausted from his mad flight, he now, resting against the trunk of a pollard oak, glared round half demented by fear, rage, and horror ; for, the darkness now less opaque, he fancied .that in the gloom he perceived a shadowy form hovering among the brush wood, and closely following in his wake. With a groan and a deep-breathed impre cation at this suspicion that a something was tracking his footsteps, he oooe more daehed wildly on, only some four hours after that meeting with his luckless viotim by the lake, gaining and entering, unseen, the hall of KUersley. It was at a late hour of the morning on they ucceeding day that, pale, hasgard, and ill he preeenled himself to the General's niece as she was sitting disconsolate and alone in the library. Received with a chilling hauteur and fear combined, Captain Stainforth, affecting not to perceive the ooldoess of his reception, exclaimed : ' 1 have just left your uncle. Hiss Ella ; he is far from wall, and has a tlrange fancy that our nuptials should take place without delay, soirgesting a special license for the purpose.' There was a half-defiant, exultant tone in (he voice of the claimant for her hand that rouatd a rebsl spirit in the bosom of the young girl, who, with clenched bands and face of marble, starting up and pointing to the whirling snow, tbat in fantastic eddies flew by the casement without, ex claimed : ' By some dread means you have gained an ascsndenoy over my uncle, and have moulded him to your withes ; be, so fierce and determined, gives way to you in all things. By some fell agency you have be come hi* master. You won upon him to turn my hapless cousin Paul from the roof tbat has sheltered him from boyhood ; you have now extorted from him a content to our instant union. But know, Captain Stainforth. I would soouer this hour prefer (he alternative of a winding sheet of snow than become your wife.' A dark evil look gstbered over the features of the rejected suiter, and, in a ha rub, grating voioe, he exclaimed : ' You have defied me 1 You would pre fer death rather than become my bride I Well, we shall sec, Ella Thornton. Per haps, mad girl, you may alter your deou ion a month hence ? them we variont way* o? Um'mg a »pirit. taut) uijitort, '.'-: Jttmve you now. Mrs H»rper, your anole's most trusted iiirirant, will conduct you presently to your thamber.and whilst in your present obstinate and defiant mood yoa will not be allowed to leave the bouM.' , . , - . ; .With a sardonic smile, the man of evil pattioni was turning U- quit the room, when he started back with a ory of fury. 'A word with you, Captain Stainforth' 1' ? ' Tkul Loinax. JbfcjBsar and btttcast 1 what means this return to yonr uncte'l home; . I am mastier here oow, and (f yon do not inttantly eet henoe, you shall be humed oft by the hounds.' ..-...:? ;\ ;. ' Not so fa«v Capuiu Frederick Stain forth ; I am not alone.' .?.;.*:-,.;_.? *'Not alone! ?' ta a husky kind of whisper, these words were reiterated by (the captain, asatandingin the corridor without, he caught sight of another figure, that, tall and erect, and shrouded in a black mantle, was stationed behind the smiling and defiant Paul. ' I am not alone, Captain. I have a lady with me.' ' ? ???? ?? . 'A lady 1 ' a Jivid pallor now stole over the face of Uie startled villain, who, as tbat shrouded form glided into the library, step by step drew back nntil, gaining the casement, his further st«p6 were arrested, ??« Youdon't look well, Capitaine. Per baoco 1 You gaze upon your poor wife as though yon took her lor a ghost; ' ??Cataiina I Godot Heaven I Catalina I ' gasped the wretched man, who sow in wild, horror, throwing up his arms, with a shriek of maniac fury, hurled himself through the easement. Tbei e was a crash of splintered wood and broken glass ; and then, upon the affrighted group glancing without, they beheld the body tf the suicide a huddled-up heap upon the stone court-yard below. Upon descending into . the grounds, the wretched Staiaforth was found to be quite dead j besides other injuries bis neck being broken. Catalina, his wife, rescued from, the frozen lake the night before by Paul, remained for many months at tha Orange, assisting at the marriage of Paal Lomax with his loved cousin, Ella. The old man, their uncle, by ?very means in bis power striving to make up for his harshness in the past, when his lovely niaoe was persecuted and suffering a Woman's Perils. 