Seventy . ., Times; m&k; S' .. 7J . ... — : — — -rr—r. — ..... , — . — r.. . A-"" tQbmtaSD ax opzotir. Aft&iffffcusKT.; \ -.By/ ADELINE SEiRQEANTiB': Author of ".The b'tory of a Penitent Soulj" "Jaeobi's Wife,'' ."Roger Vaubroiigh's \- "Wife," "The Great Mill Street Mystery," "A Lifo Soutenoo," " Dr._Eniiiobtt's : s . -v Experiment, " "A Roguq's Daughter, '' "Tio Luok uf tlie House, " /. ; "Casper Brooks'i Daughter," "No Ambition," te.jcc. n / \- - (.oorxxionr.j CHAPTER XiVlIIifttiiitW). -Max felt a throb of iiluasure at tlieso Avorcla. Sho was cohdcscending to explain to. him /-why- she had tolerated Cujitain Esher ko loilg; / J ' ./"if /,"/ " He may perhaps remember njl that you .liave done for thciri," he suid, searching for something -that would coinfpvt her. She shoiik her head! "Ho will remember nothing," she an swered drearily, "except that ho, has been '-offended, and that the peraqn who offended hiin must hoTiindo fo tuffer." /' "You will suffer. You will he left tdonc," said Max hurriedly. "Yes." fcshc sighed us she said the, word. "I shall he left alone." , , Max lost his head. JHe hiid made up his' mind what to say. and had intended to put his meaning very plainly and yet in n very reasonable manner : but ut tlie su preme moment- his 'carefully-prepared sen-, tcnces went completely out of his mind. If lie spoke Iiko a blundering schoolboy, liis lovo was to blame rather than liis judg ment j and Magdalen, with her sore licnvt, was not disposed to judge him harshly. "There is on<? who would givo all tlio wiivkl to prevent your feeling sad or lonely any uio.-c. If only 1 could comfort you a; little! If it' would be any good to yon to know that I think 'there is no oilier woman . iike you — Unit 1' lore yori With my whole' heart — 1 ask for ilo other recompense ; I1 only cure to make you, if possible, ii 'iittle; happier." She had .withdrawn her hand; from liis . .inn, and paused in the dark road which they were traversing. He could' not see her. face distinctly, but. somehow, he know that she was trembling. " Don't Jet- me trmibio yon," he went on. "'I ask for nothing that you do not wish io give. Only — if ever I can help yon — if ever you want a friend or it helper", I inn here, always ready. I dare not ask for nioro than volir friendship — your trust j but you shall knmv, once ami for all, flint i lovo you, and always shall love yon, to lite last days of my life." His tone was. dogged in its determine- lion. '.Ter sileiice. afforded him no hope. Iler i cry attitude s'eeuied to give him tlie. answer thut hu liad dreaded; it; was an attitude of doubt,., almost 'of fear. "Mr. Breridon," she said at. last, and her tone was' one of distress, "I do not know what lo say." "There is no need to beat about the' . bush," lie suid, still doggedly, "tell mo at' once that you do not love .me, that there, is no hope for uie, aud send mo about my business. 1 kuo\v that I had no right to aspire to you; it was presumption on my port." - "No,"- said Magdalen in a firmer voice,. "1 do. not. think that. And vat' I 'cannot tell you- to— to— hope, us'you phrase it. I do not intend to many. I liave my work." "And is there, anything in a "marriage with mo that would prevent you doing, your work?" he asked. / . , "I cannot tliihlc of it," she. said, still distressfully. "Don't urge Trie;' don't ask me. I do i'iot feel as if I could ever love— rguin." ' " " 1 Tho last word eairie out very slow, al most iuttudibly ;. but Max caught it. Me. started, and kept silence. He had for- \- gotten that she hud loved a limn like Fhilip Esher ; so different iu every way- from hioi- self. Memories of tile old story of her en gagement I'aiiie back to him. No doubt, after all, she loved Philip Eshor still ! Hu was a friol. The two were still standing on the road. Now Magdalen moved oil. "Forgive me if 1 have hurt you," she said, genliy hut vory firmly. "1 did not mean to niislcud you— if I liave misled you — in tho past.. 1 have had my love-history ami outlived it. 1 will not marry any man unless I love him." / . "And you do not love me. How should you? — I understand." They walked on silently for some little lime. Max's heart was full of grief, trouble; and bitterness ; Magdalen's pulses throbbed with a strange pain, a strange uncertainty. In a faltering voice- she suid' at' lust : ' " Let us be friends still, Mr. Brendan. Lei us forget what you have said. You can often help and advise me; I shall he so glad of your friendship." In licr1 heart she said. " !. cannot do without- your friendship." But i as yet she scarcely reeoguised that still small voice. " I have said that is all I ask," Max an swered sadly. If my friendship is of any use to you, I shall feel honoured. If ever you want more thai) friendship from me, it is yours. Call oil . me when you will, for what you will." " If over I need you." suid Magdalen gravely, "I will not forget what you have said. Here is my hurnl on it, Mr. lJrendon. .We nro friends stiff.;' They hud touched the garden, gate. Ho walked with her up the drive towards the front door, which, to their .surprise, wus .standing half-open. - Magdalen quickened her steps us she advanced. A iiuiid of light streamed from the hall ; u lium of .voices was heard: the p.lace, to tbeir eves, wore an unwonted aspect-. " ' "What can he wrong:' Max heard her rather breathe thaii sneuk. . "My dca'r,"-Sud;ofd .JJockv. .-mooting her at .the door. " wo ve had a loss — and vou will feel it sorely, -jseur up, my uear; it'll ill! come right at Just." . .. Magdalen turned deathly- pale. "Th'e'rehildteti!- Are they here — here? Let me see them — L "Madge, dear Madge," said Miss Jcssop, throwing Iseriiclf- .-tearfully, into Magdalen's arais, " it was, not my; fault .indoetl ! /Ob, thoy are' quite .wcll, but thoir father came nnd.suitl they should never see you again- cruel thiugs ho said of you ;" and ' lio lias lakeii tliein away to France; I; don't know where."''. '' " ' ; " "Taken them— already?" . / " Token' therii, ciiying they should never enter Searstiold itgkin, nor . he either ; . and no one to take care of lliein exeopb a ser vant," -wailed Miss Jessun. "This is very sudden," said Magdalen, turuing round to Max witli the ghost of u smile upon her white lips. " I thought ut leqstl should 'bo .able to; say good-bye. I am left'aloiie indeed." / " Let. me help you ; what can I do?" said. Miix; thrilled with the sighL of licr sorrow as he had never been in tier calmness. " I Will bring tliein back to you." ; "No, that you cannot do."- ,Siiu leaned against the waif as tiiougii for support, and put licr hands across her eyes. ' 1't is hard —GiidV will bgdqiie!" . . " There',' Ihere, she'll be better how," said Beelty, seeiiig'.the tears w-iill out from under those full ' eyelids. " Ail we can do is to let licr alone iioiv. Grind niglit, sir." . Max could uot lake fiie bitit without, say ing another Word. " Is there nothing I caii do foi yoii?" lie said earnestly. ' "Nothing." .- ' ' : ' . v- "Tlien good night." " lier hand wiis nlveteheti out to him, but she could riot- speak. He hold it uiitii , Hoeky's keen glaiiee warned liini to desist, and then went out relueuiutly into the night. It was hard to leave lier alone in her 'sorrow, and to know thut she laid nolle lo comfort her. ' , . chaptek xxin; ' : " Nor Easily jKAi.ors." pgjSRBpgijasi IG HTE E N 'months ' ehunged the aspect of affairs very little.- No fe'reat event transpiiyii at any one of tho Ibrce houses with which our mroiinfTO al"ry.'ls concerned. If . w6@9»@iei au'y nhungc of t ela lions, liad been lirolight about amongst tlio in- Inates of these dwellings; it took its rise from (leejier souress liunr those of outward (ireu.nstauee.- Mugduleu Lingard - was still, separated froiri 'the children, who were witli their father in France. Her rejection of Philip , Esher liad reused a slight diniiuution of the fvicndsliip list ween herse'.f arid Mrs. St. Aidan, and Itiagdalen missed iiie old. kindly iutciejiui'se very keenly. She threw herself, heart and soul, into work1 aiuung the poor; but'slm had never been more lonely, seldom more depressed, than in (lie long months that .followed upon the departure of Dolly and Daisy 'Usher. There was a- blank in her life: sho' put. it down ti> tlie children's absence, although at- limes - a suspicion crossed her mind that there was another reason for tlmt sense -of aching emptiness I Lenore and Cecil Brandon Jived tran quilly., ut Chalgi'ovri; but the tranquility ' was "not altogether unbroken. It was a difficult thing for ber to pay constant at tention to Deed's whims and fatieics — and these Were not few— When she herself was far front strong in health, aud her baby frctful ' rind delicate. A drive or a wn'k with liini was a matter of dread to her; for, a/though ho was anxious uul.to ovet» I in: her, he made his excursions thought lessly long, mid hated to lie reminded of her fatigue. Rho neither liked to shorten liis walks nor to refuse to accompany him, though she would have shown greater kind ness and real wisdom' in doing sot But ut present lier solo idea of married life was tluit the wife .should be a. devoted slave ; and the husband a noble generous maater. Sho found it easy to play the first role — easy, so far as feeling was concerned, for it;- was uu arduous one in filet ; the diffi culty, nf lier view lay ill exalting Cecil to a sufficiently high standpoint. He wan given to sinnll worries, petty outbreaks 'of temper, that- somewhat impaired the heroic qualities With which hiH wife would fain have invested him ; and when she wanted to sum up his virtues (which she did some times in a spirit of extenuating tenderness rather than in exuUant pride), she was apt to decline rapidly from moral qualities to ait enumeration of his tastes ana hobbies ; liis love of the beautiful, in house, garden, i or persuuid surroundings, iiis preference of "French over English cookery, arid his de light in old china. -He was fond of bis wife and child,' .with a sort of. condescend ing fondness; hit seemed not In have for gotten. iiis own surprise at himself for luv- iug uuybudy so well ; and. it was evident .that he lmd ncv.er thrown 'his whole being | into love — never kiH)wn"Nvial it was to lose sight- of. his ofru aims arid wishes- in cafe, forftiny jiilier peradli./' Cecil was, , m ; every rrispbtit, ' a ha.f-lirilripd '.'niailf Hrheh he sjtok&i; lie'. spriUo witfi'.ihi''; urtiriro pensco ; whtin lie 'felt, he wris'ffot' sure of the depth or liistingnesH of ,' Ilia fepliilgs ; xvlien \ Hn thriugKt,i fie,' buldoni ai'HV.td! rit' .deSnito coil- clusioiis, '61- s'aiv oiie' sido'qf' ait urgument nioro clearly thaii "the other: As' if lo counterbalance this-mitural lindcnision, he oceasioiittlly rioted with air impcturisify thab hiid its1 rise 'in .utter .: fatigue : of his own .weiikncsa/. /' ' .... . , ' These 'chanicterisUte 'W.sto. not. -asiiy un- doratoqd by Lenore. , Shi/herself ,wiis pe- euffarly siiicero.- : jiiid .truthful ; . her , jStuu- daid of womaiiiy dutjL .If not;'.veiy,',ad- vaiicod, was orie thttt , alio' was qlways ltry- Iqg tp;-.:att(iin. . '/She ffind ffiieyer iumpiired with.' lier ; instincts of . right. ' and wrong. Wheri' she' k'lielw lieVilu;,' Jie? iriiplrisc ykas to ' do' it, rather ihlW / tii lliitfvtoasqiis for. not doing., -it. Duty and authority, 'had iieyei'p stv far, been'Tceoijiiised nS iiorisihly tippUuiiig t'leiriehts; j Iii her Jjti'lliobd she had imagined that duty wolild somo day, be emiiotlicd to hoe in thu person of u huebund, in obeying whom slio was uuro of doiiig right.-: It did not oeeur to her. that /her husband might require, care; watchful-/ 'iiesS. support,, "from , herself/, \Vhen she 1 loiiged to rouse Cecil tn 'a better life before her marriage, she imagined that such an awakening" could ho . iiccoriiplished;. , at , a stroke iiiul once for nil:' His, Strting veil- 1 glous feeling, manifested U)ioii his feerivery ; from illness, 'caused her to believe that this ' work Was dofie; that her hero vvns 'now, porfeeted. From tllis dfeanl there came' q speedy awakening. ' /' - ' x. \- The C'Uiimsos that eighteen months hud wrought in Ursula Brendon were ohiefty for the better. ; Shu, was .handsomer, cleverer, and— to : her mother's surprise— . sweeter 'tempered than she .had :CVor, been before. She still worked luird at lier lioolts, lmt not finder the guidnneu.,of Miss Quit- tenden. Uraula was emuueipated from, the.' suhoolrooni ; ulie jvos ' out,.! ..niul. it., .was; uot thought, worth while to kecii an 'ox-, pensive governess for Bessie's; sake nlone ft, was clear. 'that" Bessie hiid' nob "tho> strength for hard study; she had grown ; paler and weaker every luuiitli 'so long as' hiisS Quittonden h«ld sway in tlie school-: room. Mrs. Brendon began tn see tlmt the- child; was overwotited ; and as Ursula left the school romp sill! . consented to, dismiss bliss Quittendeli and give Bessie ti . holiday. Tho'-respite. came' a little too late for Bes-. siu's health; she had developed a spinal- affectum which had: been increased by tlie want of rest, and it was feared than she would lie an invalid .for life, Ursula was wonderfully patient with the crossness and ivritabUity which the child could not help showing nor.' and . then, and the ft'hole family seemed relieved at the absence ot- that somewhat too rigid censor of -manners nnd morals, Miss Quittonden. Max bore about with bim a. quiet lace . but a lia Hissed spirit. He had troubles at huiiie in the sliupe ot his mother's captious fault-finding, aml; greater ones abroad in iiis mnnev perplexities.. Darlcv's Chemical Works would pay- Well in a few years, if ; lie hud capital/enough to bear a yuariy loss until certain of his own -improvements and' inventions began to lie appreciated ; in the. muiiiitiiuo : the drain . nu his resources was severe; He contributed a sum to tlie house keeping aiTuugomenls ut home, but Mrs. Biendou was un extravagant manager, and ha was constantly called upon to pay far more than his share, or to settle 'hills about tbo length of which he .remonstrated' m vitiri. He1' was ill able to afford tlieso ex penses; f«K in addition sti> his present out- lav, there, was the prospect ut" it greater cut) uiion.hini. Uapiairi Esher had caused law proceedings to be instituted against I lie owner of tho chemical works upon the river bank, mi the ground Unit tho noxious fumes from the chimneys had greatly iu- jttrod, ond would still more injure, tho wood up. in liis estate. -Max maintained that the injuries done to the trees hud been in flicted' before ho came into . possession, of the woifcs; liut certainly the trees wero very black' anil lifeless, and his chemical products weto very poisonous, and ho lmd' an inner conviction that the day would go against him.. Ten thousand pounds was the enormous sum that, Usher's solicitors demanded, and. though it wits not likoly tlmt Mux would have to pay so much, ho wan none the Jess fearful, about. .1 lie .result A third -of thut amount would cripple his- business; a loss of seven or eight, thousand pounds would force him to. tlirow up tbe whole concern. But ho did not think things liad criiie to a desperate puss. He wanted to light the lawyers fairly, and he had tlie .stimulus to the conflict given b(v a con sciousness of personal animus. Esher was not only anxious to repair tlie damage done to his estate, -he wanted to ruin a. "nmn who had insulted him. For this" -'er.nl t he would tight, by fair means or foul, every inch of (lie contested .ground. On this ac count -Max put- far move spirit, as well an far more anxiety, into liis combat with Captain Keller's lawyers than otherwise lie might- have done. He saw little of Magdalen Lingard at this period, but he was more and more at tracted and yet saddened each time ho saw her, by tlie" patient reticence with whieh she licre tlie .separation from Daisy and Dolly Courage und fortitude were two qualities that lie specially valued in man «.r woman: and Magdalen wus brave and strong beyond the conceptions of- most people. And yet she uever failed in ten derness for others, except for liini. . He had seen less of her than ever sinco the day when sho refused him; and at times lie was disposed to sigh to himself in the words' of Ladisliitw's song — , " Oh, me, oh pie, what frugal cheer My love doth feed upon! A touch, a rity, tlmt is. riot here, A shadow (hut is gone." Yet .in spite of the frugal cheer on which it lived, liis love, flourished ' iuidi grew apace. to ub roVYTVTnJ-n. 