FABM AND STATION. OUR YORKSHIRE WOOL LETTcR. Wool Standing Ghost - Like in tlie Slough of Despond-London Sales-Price of Wools "Caps" Topmakers--The \\\ ant in Consuming Centres Wool Adulterants-At the Sales-Good Conti nental iiuying-7-Souih Australian Clips and Prac tical Notes on Them-Great Contrasts in l'riccs Bid and Accepted-In Consuming Centres-Fac tors in the Bradford Market-Still Quiet all liound-Crossbreds Still to the Front. [From our Special Correspondent.] BRADFORD, October. 20. Wool to-day is pre-eminently the princi pal commodity wliicli stands ghost-.ike amid the numerous raw commodities which are called upon to till the bill ot the wo a l.a and worsted manufacturers of liurope and America, and while mauy particulars relat ing to the article stand to attract, yet there are other features which are depressing and galling. JL<rom a manuiactuier's stand point the principal icature= whicn are piea.-, mg are the cheapness of the ar.ic.e <*nd the ability to almost pick and cnoo^e where he likes, but there is a correspond ing depressing leature in the la.k of saf ficient trade doing to warraut ban iu buy ing heavily, although prices are so very re,- j eonable. It must be said that ma.kets in this siue the globe are st.ll stiuggljig in the Slough of Despond, and although a vi sit to Coleman street wool exchange wouid indicate to the casual visitor, judging by the shouts and gesticulations of s, that nothing but a robusi state w-s tue ch ef characteristic of the trade, yet I say can didly that ail this noise and din offers 110 criterion to the slow, quiet, depressed con ditions which prevail in manufacturing cen tres, though if London's voice can be be lieved there either is, or exje.ted to be, more trade doing, than any man can see by a visit to the wool exchangee of ei~^er Bradford, Roubaix, Antwerp, or the waul warehouses of Boston. I rather incline to look for the silver lining in tiiis ^vate of gloom and darkness which tia-a filled all markets for the past r.in. months, an 1, judging by the attitude of London, there ? ?= a decent trade in store now that prices a:e nearing a working level, and brokers beiiig willing to let wool go at a maiket pike. i firmly believe that if tops ot a 60's quality had never reached over 2s. per lb., instead of 2s. 9d., that all through this year wool woiild have continued steady at Uie fo.mer figure, and also all through thd year a g^cd trade would have been done. Instead of that, markets are still figuring at a very low level indeed, and Lkely to do yet awhile. Since 1 ^ast wrote the opening and con tinuance of the London wool sale hav« marked another epoch in the trade, and what the verdict has been is well known to ail your readers. If I may say so, there is about this present series of sales less un certainty and less temerity in men's mi ads concerning the touching of rock bottom prices than at any previous sales held this year. The fact that we are now back at prices which were ruling in August, 1897, inspires men with confidence that merino* are as cheap as they are going to be, seeing that tlie stocks he.d by manufacturers are only reasonable, ;.nd the certainty of ano ther material shrinkage in supplies from Australia. The way London sales are going "caps" everybody in consuming centres, the verdict here being that those who ate buying merino wools are acting rashly, and that they will be called upon iatcr to pa? the piper for the tune they are now calling. There is a consensus of opinion among all topmakers who have been down to Lon don that it is impossible to buy wool to produce a top that will cost anything le^s than 19d. per B>., but such a price is abso lutely unobtainable among any English spinners. Personally, I rejoice to see tilings going in London as they are, for k gives the snub direct to the "poor poverty ideas which some topmakers have concern ing what should be the price of 60's tops. YVhen men see that they cannot produce this article at present offerings they will not be so squeezeab.e as they recently have been, and the tendency being ior a little firmer rates in London for the best wools, is bound to have a good effect upon prices. The great want in consuming centres is an increased demand from merchants and clo thiers for the manufactured article, the glut caused last year through every mill and factory running over time and produc ing excessive quantities of goods, having not yet been worked off. Among outside manufacturers, speaking generally, there is a fair trade doing, mills being fairly well run, but there is not that consumption of pure merino wool that could be desired, mungo and cotton particularly being con sumed in very large quantities. If the pub lic the wide wor.d over could be induced to wear nothing else but pure wool good.;, I and refuse to buy the cheap adulterations | which to-day are so tastefully prepared to please the eye, every ounce of wool pio duced in the* world wou d be consumed in j twelve months' time, growers would receive a price not only enhanced, but there would i be a permanency about value?, in which a j slump like we have seen would be an un known thing. What ha« impressed itself snost upon my mind is this, that since the opening week the French and G'erman houses have made their presence l'eit upon the market in a very creditable way, buying far more than what even the niotst sanguine iiiad ever uji tunpated, bidding most freely and keenly for not only good shafty parcels, but even pieces, bellies, and locks. Prance is not such a good customer as is Germany, but old firms are by no means wanting in thear support, but are buying fairly extensively I pareals which were they absent would be | selling at least Ad. below present rates. Not a very great quamti'ty of South Aus tralian wools liave been catalogued, but cer tainly more blave been submitted th'an at any time since the January series, bankers and those having control of stocks being now convinccd that the time has arrived in which a clearance is the best thing to' make in face of the earning new clip. The policy of holding on tx> stocks sale after sale I have long condemned, and the thou sands of pounds which have been, thrown away aind which might have come into the pockets of Australian growers if their clips had been sold earlier in the season is fear ful to contemplate. As I show below I calculate thai one noted South Australian clip has -lost the grower something like £5,000 by it not being sold when cata logued on Januaay 17 by Messrs. H. Schwartze & Oo., and sold by them yester day week, fid. per lb. less being the difference in the lirice accepted and what was bid last January. Ana this bear in mind is no solitary insteuxe in which a serious loss will ta"ke place," but that hundreds of clips will suffer seriously is a too well-known ^Let us look at a few South Australian "Slips which, impressed one's attention as we went round valuing. Nothing of any moment was offered until Balme's on Oc tober 11 brought forward a few nice lots of the mark EC/Wattle Eaaige. Here the grease 1st combing hoggetS made the capital price of 10d., tnvo other lots fetching 9Ja. respectively, the 1st lainbs a3so realizing lOd. This clip undoubtedly was very well grown, dwity, am excellent quality, very I light in condition, and 'rtally one of the best Adelaide clips. In the same catalogue was the MC/Millicent clip, offered in the grease. Here the entire flock was cross breds, but concerning their merit and excel lence nothing very much can be eaid. 1 hey resembled as nearly as possible the cross bred wools grown in the southern P«w"t ot the North Island of New Zealand," and had they not been stated as being Shipped iroro Adelaide they would certainly have been considered New Zealand^. > ery well j grown, ahafty, and a fair length, they i certainly very coarse, the majority or the \ lots not ranging more than 36 s to 40 s qaalitv, while they were wanting aJeo m condition. The next day H Irwell & Co. offered the cream of South Australian grown wooils. Irwell's offerings were nearly all South-Kastera-giwvn wools, realizing 9d. to 10d., and were indeed capital stun. Messrs. John Hoarse & Co m the 16th brought forward 331 bales, chief <>* Th.ich consisted of scoureds.' The HH/Oadelgo wias offered first, consisting of some nice sized lot of scoureds. It cannot be said that these were anything near equal to the be&t; Australian scoureds, they being onfly average wools. The first combing hoggete made Hd., ^veral lots ^king l3id., the nieces 12id., and the bellies lid. .Nice quality, ehafty, fairly sound, it Jaclred somewhat in oo5our ajid condition, it being ST trifle fatty, a featoe ^^ureds should not possess, llie next clip was the MD & Co/Jit. Wood, it, too, being scoured. Iti some respects it was a very eimilar cbp to the previous mark, the combing fetclmng 13d. One bale of black wool made, I think, the record price of the seri&s;, it fetching 19*d. Mack wool to-day is indeed selling the best of any wool. Messrs. tl. f . Hughes & Sons brought forward three lit tle marks. chief of "which "was the B1 ( Ba den-Powell") ia diamond. This was a Hirtv earthv. wasty clip, the crossbreds, too {laving about them nothing of any me rit Stilf one word of advices-Look to condition and quality. On the 17th Messrs. Charles Balroe & Oo. asked for support fox jUj, w rh clip, but certainly it was in a very heavy, earthy, warty state M. being the hiaheat price for the first lot of grease J? better clip tl« Cottw Clip, ottered in tue «oure4 e "lB5 combing realizing iW., 2nd dojlJid-, 2nd rlothiuK 12id., necks 13d., 2nd pK-ces u}n., and th! bellies 9£d. i'a.wy well scoured, but might be better. Messrs. H. bchwartze and Co. always oner some very fane cups, their catalogue being always w ell into! Among its intents of October 18 was the well-known youth Australian clip of Allan McFarlane, a wool certainly not the best, but oliered in some very i^pect^ able Jots figuring as higih as 57, 08, ana w bales each, several more being about 40 bales to a lot. It was wnisptreti very early in the morning that this.very wool » ottered in January and withdrawn, being held over series alter series in the hope ot some better prices being realized at succted inti series. 1 have taken tne trouiite to look up my January catalogue, and hnd that exactly these very lo'ts were oficed by this same linn, aud my heart veritably aches to think that the owners will have to endure such a fearful loss by the wool being held over and not sold at the prices bid in January. On January 17 only one lot ot 5 bales of super combing damaged was told at I3id., and 7 bales super com Ding rams at lid, all the super combing ewes and wethers, 2-tooth, and young wethers being withdrawn at 13d. to 14d., add sold th week at 6Jd. for the latter description, and 6Jd. to 7d. for the ewes and wethers, ihe same lirm offered two little clips oyer th name of Dodd, which fetched /d for the greasy merinos, 10 bales of crossbred hog gets fetching 7Jd. I certainly think, judg ing by the crossbreds, tlsat here this class of wool can be grown to better advantage than can the merinos. They were ehafty, good length, very sound, and in fairly light condition. An average clip was also show n under the name of J.Green/'Oak lurk/ Pearce, 27 bales greasy fetching 71d. At considerable trouble 1 have prepared ttie following particulars contrasting the actual Helling prices for the slips last January, and ag«in this series, which are well wortny ot being digested: ALLAN McFARLANE ($.A. Wool). January October Series. Series. 1000\. 1U0U. Description. d. J?" Greasy super combing damaged 134 Greasy pieces J * 538 bales were withdrawn in January and sold this week at from 5d. to 74a., or a loss of about £8 per bale when compared win the prices bid in January. DPKO /AVARRANA (N.S.W. Wool). Greasy 1st combing 15 Si Greasy 1st combing I5 ° * THlllil2 CliOWN/GEAR (N.Z. Wool). Slipe 1st i-breed combing .... If S& Slipe 1st crossbred combing .. 11 J Slipe let S-brcd combing ->i '4 Siijio ltt Lincom J <* , Slipe 1st Lincoln Slipe crossbred U Slipe crossbred clothing 'i Slipe crossbred pieces ' Tl'VBliLl.Ii VUE (Queensland Wool). Grease clothing ? FU & Co./ATLAS WORKS/YAKRA BANK (Victorian Wool). Scoured ex. super combing A .. 31 18 Scoured ex. super coniuing .. 1/ Scoured ex. super crossbred .... " j-Scoured 1st crossbred . . .. .. .. 1® ° Scoured 1st crossbred lambs.. .. 9 ' Scoured crossbred hoggets .. .. Ui In i & A. LAXl) Co./WALHALLOW (N.S.W. Wool). I 1st combing.. .. ». ljj£ 2nd combing "i 1st pieces W ^4 j 1st crossbred .« .. .. .. Wi ~ Crossbred pieces » Halt-bred broken .. H4 . "I The above is most remarkable, the actual selling prices last January for the greasy being to-day considerably better than the scoured of to-day. 1 BOWES DOWNS (Queensland Wool). Grease 1st combing 161 I Grease 2nd combing .. .. .. .. 1^4 Grease A l*i 4 Grease A «« ». J* Grease skirts .. « J.S Grease ekirta .. .. ' 6r«ase 1st iambs 1* « CLYDE (Victorian Wool), Scoured superfine combing .... 30J XOi Scoured super combing.. .. ». 20 1® Scoured 1st J-bied .. .. .. .. .« loi ® Scoured super 4-bred ». 11 Scoured 1st J-bred W Bcoured super 1-bred lamua .... 1* ' Scoured super J-bred lambs .. .. 11* » Scoured super J-bred lambs .... ' MOONBRLA (Victorian Wool). Grease 1st combing .. .. .. .. 16 Grease "A combing .. WJ 5 Greaae AA 1^4 * Grease 1st .. .> 6| Grease 2nd .. .. .. .. .» .. .» 1^ Grease necks .. .. .. .. .. ». 1® j?. Grease broken .. .. .. « .. «> Ijl 'J Gmse 1st pieces .. .. «-. .. <» 12 Grease bellies ......... .« 84 Aj Orease 2nd lambs '« Turning attention to ths movement cf wool in consuming centres, it is in ordcT to remark that .during the past month every market alike has pursued its course in a very quiet manner. The history of the past few weeks'" operations are very much tiic earne as for the past three months, and it appears to be'the getieial opinion thai the developments 61 the nest few weeks will not work any great change in the charac ter of the market. There are some seller* who profess to see signs of an improvi-ag trend. They say that they find tl»e out side buyer somewhat more reasonable and more liberally inclined than heretofore. Other staplers say they fail to .xperieme any such change for the better, that busi ness is extremely du;l and unsati facto y, and that to their minds there is very little . in the present situation to justify such hope for the immediate future. Men generally admit that the atmosphere of the market has been greatly clarified durinc th; p sfc ten days, and this certainly is progress in. the right direction. Inierett, <f course, largely centres in the London wool ea e*, and whatever new phases consuming mar kets show they owe it largely to the influ ence of the premier distributing market. A oonfliction of opinion seems to prevail as to the bottom having now been reached, spin ners still refusing to believe that pr.ces are where they are going to rem-in, for w tli the absence of enquiry and consumpti n they fail to see how present rates can be maintained, even though there be such a commendable show of life for merinos and fine crossbreds in London. Prices for 60's tops are in Bradford no better, and top makers say it is impossible to meet this mar ket with wool bought to-day in London. A super 60's top is costing-to-day fully 19d.,but such a price cannot be -obtained. "However, we nope London will continue as it has be gun, and that merinos will get dearer bs i'ore cheaper, as a firm and rising London market will be the best thing that could happen to the markets of the world. Me dium and coarse crossbreds are only firm, with 40's tops at lOd. to lOJd. Mohair has again quietened down, after the late spurt, but consumption is well maintained, ana stocks are very firmly held. Turkey ave rage is standing at ]8d., and Cape firsts at 16a. to 16Jd., and winter at about lid. per ft. The crossbred section of the trade still continues to be of first moment throughout Yorkshire, by far the most machinery being engaged in the manipulation of qualities ranging about 40's. The call undoubtedly is for something cheap, and crossbreds are an article which to-day is being manipu lated in such a successful manner, that even fabrics are being turned out fit to be worn by any gentleman in the land. There is in certain quarters a better fee ing for meri nos, and now that prices have reached the bottom, and it is possible to buy such goods as American Clay worsted coatings at "o!4 time" prices, it is thought that we shall not be long before there is an increasing de mand for both merino wool and good?. Stiil there is 110 doubt that crossbred ma kers will make a big effort to keep the at tention of fabric buyers towards this clasa of goods, lowness in price being the chicf important feature. It is significant that both spinners and combers continue to be very busy; in fact, the latter are still run ning night and day, merino combers finding it hard work to keep machinery running even ordinary day time. 