SHORT STORY. Two Old Levers. (Continued from last week.) Tliey lived so quietly that she escaped to a great extent tlio curious questions of the gossips. The one or two who contrived to. ask her if lior marriage would not now take place she answered with a gentle dignity and reserve that disarmed them. These ' concluded that, with unnecessary delicacy, the marriage was not to be dis cussed till old . Michael had lain tho orthodox twelve months in his grave. A year more or loss can't matter to them,' said Mrs Piper, the doctor's wife, and '.people with smiles or with pity, ac cording to their natures, acceptod this view of the,matter. The months went by monotonously, and things remained- in just tho same way. "Willie' had never spoken of marriage, and was never likely to now. And Jane aged rapidly.' She grew, very thin as time went on,> and quite lost the soft roundness which had 'helped to keep her figure young. Many people had remarked on how thin she was growing before the fact was borne in on those who saw her every day. When Willie discovered it at last, she mode light of it. '.I am growing old, Willie,' she said; 'I shall be ah old bag of bones presently; We all made thin old women in our rarniiy. iou remember Aunt Maggie, Molly ? I shall be just like her. But the thin ones are the strongest, after all,' She used to make a jest of her leanness after that, drawing attention to the bird's claw's her fingers were becoming and to her thin wrists, with a nervous lauglitor which for a time deceived herself. She fought hard against her bodily weakness, and would let none of her duties fall on her sister, however tired the evening might find her. At last Willie Maturin's slow eyes wore opened. He had' come in one evening, to find her aslqpp in her chair. Something in the worn face and quiet attitude terrified him. Por a moment ho stooped to listen for her breathing. Then, without waking her, he went outdo Mary ,in the Kitchen. His whole , aspect had ohanged. An immense fear had tilled him .with an enorgy strange to his nature. He had closed the parlour door very gently, but he burst in on Mary wild' and excited. ' What has cpme over Janie ?' he cried. ' She is asleep in her chair and looks like a dead woman.' 'Oh, Willie, don't speak of , Buch a, thing. It is only that she has been run-down lately. She will pick up when ' the spring comes,! . ' ' Dreadful, dreadful !' he cried, walking up and down. ' It looks to me, Mary, as if we had gone near losing her. Oh, how blind and dull I have been!' . . 'We will send for Dr. Piper.' 'Piper is no geod, .1 will drive over myself in the morning and fetch Dr. Had- I don from NormanBtowe. She must have the best advice money can procure.' ' We mustn't frighten her, Willie.' The man stood still and stared at her. Big drops of sweat were on his forehead, . and his disordered hair stood up. 'You look like a ghost, Willie. You mustn't look like that when she Bees you, or she' will suspect something amiss.' 'I shall not frighten her, I promise you. How long is . it . since she began to grow ill? I ought to know — but, pray God for- I give mel- — minever saw it fully till to- | night.'' I ' She; waa strong enough up to the time | of popr father's death, and for a while I afterwards. I remember now one night | she talked strangely — said she was tired of I life, and wanted to get away somewhere. 8 Soon after that I noticed she didn't seem i bo brisk,' .. J ' I thought she was always happy. God 9 forgive ine for. not taking better care of I her I',.""' I When Jane Archibald woke up it was | to find Willie ' beside her, watching her. j She did not notice the disturbance in his I glance, ( She had ceased to look for ony- I thinig lhorethan the placid aileotion which I ' had been theirs so many years. He insisted I on fetching her tea to her, and performing | many affectionate offices for her, all of which she accepted with languid content. After tea, when Mary had left them to gether, he broke to her his project of get ting Dr.' Haddon to her. She ;dld not seem at all alarmed. ' . ', j : 'I am not very well,' she .said; ' and if it pleases you to have a doctor, I Bhall not mind. Hot that I think he will do mo any good. : It is only that I am getting old and lazy. But why an expensive doctor Uke Dr. Haddon ? Dr. Piper would do quite > . ' Piper is a fool, and you are too precious to bb in his hands. Every hair of your head is precious to me.' How . many years had gone by since he had apoken such . words ! As they fell on her ears Jane Archibald blushed like any girl, and for an instant she looked welland happy.'- ' i You are too good to me, Willie,' she I isajd, putting her thin hand into his. I That evening his tenderness was a de- I light to her. She was ready to bless the illness : which had , reawaked it, and she looked quite bright to reaeive Dr. Haddon I next, morning. I _ The distinguished specialist seemed j interested . in his new patient. After the professional port .of his viBit had been I paid, he talked with hor for quite a long time, considering how' valuable a coin- I inodity thne'was to him. All through he I watched her keenly from nndor his bushy j eyebrows out of tho ' brighest eyes, He asked her many questions about her way I of life. ' And Mr. Maturin/ he said at last, 'the gentleman who came for me? He is a near relative," I .suppose ?'. Jane Archibald blushed, ' 1 am engaged to him,! she answered. 'Oh,, indeed! ,You are to be married SOOn ?!.;'; ; 'I do .not. know ; .there is nothing settled,', she faltered, and then she looked down at her fingers, that trembled in her lap. , >. The doctor. Baid no more, and soon after wards took his leave. ' There. as. nothing , organically wrong with her,', ho said- to Willie Maturin and Mary, who were anxiously awaiting his verdict, ' but tihero is extreme weakness. She presents the Bymptoms of a person who has been. slowly starved; she wants an immense ;deal' of building up and strengthening, or . she will go into con sumption. That losing flesh is really, a serious matter ; but, as I hayo said, there I is no organic mischief aB yet, only extreme I ancemia. Tonics and good food, these will j work, wonders.' .. j Willie Maturin .wont with him to his I carriage. As the doctor stood with his j foot on the step, a 'sudden thought seemed I to strike hiini I ' Drive oh, Jenkins/ he said to his | ' coachman, ,' aiid wait for me outside the I gate. I wiil'walk down.' j ' You will walk with me, Mr. Maturin ?' he said, turning to his companion. They walked in silence for a . minute or two, enjoying tho bright sunshine of tho winter uuy; then, when the carriago had rounded a bend in the road, Dr. Haddon suddenly stopped and faced Willie Maturin. . . ; ' You will forgive me/ he said, putting his hand oh tho . other man's Bhonider kindly, ' if I ask you a Question. I gather that you are Miss Archibald'!- lover. How long navo you beep engaged to hor ?' ' How long ? Why, alwayB ! I never thought of any other woman.' And when are you to be married ?' . ' There is nothing settled.' . ' There is nothing settled ! My good sir, do you think time lasts for ever ? Do you think tliero are no sueli things as age and death? I'm afraid you are a cold sort of lovor. The other man looked at him blankly. ' I was not so once. Her father forbade our marriage, and she accepted her father's will. Afterwards, as the years passed, I grow reconciled to it/ 'And would have been reconciled to it till the end, oh ? I am glad we have had this conversation, I can now better understand my patient's illness.' What do you mean ?' I thought it was the mind. Wo doctors can do little with the body when the mind is ill at ease. Make her marry you, at once, and tako Her away; it is her only chance, poor thing.' ' She iB not going to die ?' ' If she goes on as she is going, she will not be alive this day twelvemonths ; but I believe happiness will save her.' ' Thank you, : doctor ; I will follow your advice. I dare not think of the conse quences if I fail.'- : 'I don't think you will fail. I will come again on Thursday, and shall expect to find; tb ings much bettor. Good- morning; Mr Maturin/ , Good-morning, doctor. Wish me God- sneed.' - - . ' I do, Mr. Maturin.' . . . ! He went back to .the. room where Jane Arohibald sat in 'a big' .chintz-covered chair by the fire. . Something patient ill her look smote him intolerably aB ho came in. He .leant over, her and put his cheek to hers. ' How delightfully frosty you are !' she said. ' It makes me want to get out.' . 'That >is a good sign, Janie; you have been moping of late.' ; 'I. have, but I feel bettor to-day. It makes: me happy to think that you care so much,' i 'Didn't you know I cared, Janie ?' , ; She said nothing, and lie knelt down and put his head on her knee. -: ' You remember the grey silk dress you wore one evening soon after your father died, Janie ?' 'Yes, dear,'. ' It would not he-' too cold for you to wear in a carriage, supposing you were warmly wrapped up.' 'I suppose not, doar. But what are you thinking about ?' ' About our marriage, Janie, Do yon think I am going to wait for ever ? ' I shall not wait a day or -an hour longer than I can . help.1 I am going to marry you and take you away at once to some warm place where you will get strong.' ' Ob, Willie,' said the woman, with her faded prettiness- suddenly blossoming like a rose'; ' but there will be. so- much to.be done!' ' There is this to be done. As soon, as I. can tear myself away from you, my sweet, I am riding to Normanstowo for a "license. Brown Bess is at the door saddled for me. I shall wait for nothings— nothing. . And I have a fancy for your wearing the grey silk dress when we are married. Will you- let me "ow ?' 'Yes, go,' she said, making -with her hands as if she would have lifted him up. She looked herself as if she were filled with a now life. He came back in the late afternoon with the license and her wedding ring. He brought in with him a big parcel from a draper's shop, which, being opened, proved to contain a beautiful cloak of grey velvet, fur-trimmed and warmly lined. Ho laughed at hor remonstrances about his extravagance. ' The money has somehow gathered dur ing those _ years/ he said. 'I can. quite' afford to give my wife anything in reason, and things will not suffer in my absence.' I have arranged with Beaman about the winter work, and I have every confidence that things 'will go on well1 till the Bpring brings us homo/ Dr. Haddon only saw his patient once more, and was eminently satisfied with the change in hor. Before the gossips had wakened up to what was going on the old lovers were married and gone. Those who 'caught a glimpse of the bride said she looked quite young and handsome, though -extremely delicate, in her grey velvet cloak and little grey bonnet. Herhus- ; band, at all events," saw no fault in her, nor she in him. Some weeks later they were sitting to gether oh the edge of the Mediterranean ,undor a blue, sky. and a bright sun., Mrs. Maturin .was now . in no', danger of going into consumption. She was picking up fiesli rapidly, and her skin had grown quite firm and her eyes bright in the weeks that had elapsed since her marriago. ' Dr. Haddon said I was like a person who had beon starved/ she remarked sud denly. ' So I was, I was starving for hap piness, and should have died of the Star vation very soon.' '.Can I, ever forgivo myself?' her husband said, loaning over to kiss her as romantic ally as a boy. ' My poor Willie !' she answered, turning eyes full of trust to him. ' You have much to forgive me too. To think of the years we have lost ! You should have had your children growing up about you by this time.' 'I would rather liavo you, my clear, than seven tall sons/ he made answer. 