ANGLO-COLONIAL jSOTES. [From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, October 26. AUSTRALIA AN'D Fit EE TRADE. In a letter from Melbourne, published in the "Daily Express," Mr. Ktianord Kansome indulges in a somewhat vague forecast regarding tne economical policy ,oi the Coinmomveaiui. Alter dwelling upon tiie history oi protection in Australia and noting the'eurious anoniajy that in that part ot the world are to be touna radical, protectionist, and conservjjive ireetraders, tiie writer points out that the prosperity of .New couth Wales under iree traue has been a striking object lesson to ner neignixiurs. He then proceeds:—"'l'he greatest, living stateaiuan oi the mother c-oluny, jar. <j. ±1. Keid, is the strongest advocate of the policy -in Australia. Vucsrnsland, boutn AU=u'aiia, and Tasmania have an tree trade freuneis at the present day, and t>u- Jonn i'orrest, of Western Australia, although one ca never count on mm as a staoie politician, cannot be classed, as a sincere protectionist. 'ihei« remains, tuen the I'reuiiers of JNew isouth Wales and Victoria, and Uotn ot these must be classed as moderate protectionists." bpeakins of a preiereuuai tariff towards Oitnc isniam, Mr. itaneouie asserts that, except in Western .Australia he has lound no single politician in any of the eoloiues opixised to mac (Axacy. Even r. David by-nie, who is spoken oi as tne mainstay ox pro Lection, is not opposed to such a tana; aicuougn ne is ol opuijou that tue mother country should give reciprocal c-onetisteioiis—aUtii, ior instan*.-e, ais me admission ox .Australian w me= at a lower duty than that mii^^eu upon the xoreign piv>auet. Jar. Kansome concludes tuus:—"it is qiute possible tuait in tue UM rederal Uovcrnmeut mere will be a revenue taxiii majority; tnat is LO .-jay, a majority ot tuose wiio would tax ouiy nait-oi.es, suiuuiants, sugar, and po-^Diy one oi J- M 'Luer artit-'ies. One great Cau*e ior consignation is tnat Air. i^uj-ii, tue prospective s k S T * £ r / chooses to iiKereot neiaeit intelligently in the matter now, she tuouid nave no dnncuity iu securing preiereiitiai rates. I'ms is a matter oi SULII vitu.1 importance that it is to be hoped ojr Uoionial Ufiice will take the nece=o^:y sl/Cps to liiaure wins auvuntage." DOES BRITANNIA NOW RULE THE WAVES? 'the .Navy i.-eague, t.ue to its traditions, is auopliug an aiainusl tone legaiMin^ liie condition of tne (jmteti ivingaoiii as a navai power. in a letter to tne press -Mr. lieymour Trower, ciiaj-man oi uie executive committee, pieaciies a uisLinc'tiy uoieiui sermon upon tills lest, tie arrives at tne conclusion mat "alter homing tne couimaiia oi tne sea uncuatieng^u ior Llie better pare or a century, B.iuiin has iosi it witn the silent acquiescence oi lier rulers." 'Ihe writer notes tnat "tlie naval weakness oi Britain is notoriously tlie subject or earnest protest by some ol our most eincient admirals anoat. German einciency nas already secured a formmable anil Homogeneous Meet. Already Germany holds the At. lantic record lot speed. Her system of uiaiI subsidies has secured a large portion ot Asiatic and Australian trade. Her rate ot increase in t=aijmuiuliug, for tlie hrst time in History, liaa ^-iceeaed iii.it- oi Great Britain. Germany has already a^i-utclieu out ner tunas tor uie t.iilont. iSeiiner i-ranee nor itusoia is impatient to assist us to tec-over the supremacy winch we nave listiessiy anow^d to sup trom our nands." Lniortunately, there is a good deal of justification from Mr. 'l'rower's jeremiad. ANNEXATION OF COOK ISLANDS. The intimation that the .New Zealand Government, had annexed the (Jook group has given gieat satisfaction in Imperialistic circles. The "Morning Post," the most toiy of all tbe tory organs, recalls, in its leading columns the circumstances in which New Zealand itself was added to the Imperial possessions, and the fact that "Sir George Gr^y, whose insight into Australasian affairs has never been surpassed or even equaued," pointed out the uesiraDieuess of including as many as possible of tilt Polynesien islands within the sphere of influence of the colony." Sympathetic allusion is made to tue determination -of Mr. Seddon to aihliate the Fijis to the dejiendency of the Crown over which he holds sway. A MINT FOR CANADA. Curiously enouqa, although three -Australian colonies have obtained ai<tiioricy io ' coiu 'gold,'Canada cannot boast of even one mint. .Now, however, that the precious metal is being found in quantity at th.' Klondyke lields and varicus parts of British Columbia, a serious agitation has set in for the establishment oi such an institution in Canada, and the necessary authority will be given. Attention is bei..g caiied in the newspapers to the enormous output of the Sydney and Meibourue mints, and to the fact that only a small proportion oi the coins struck aie retained iu the • colonies. Still, it is tacitly admitted that no dum.ge has accrued to the mother country, and that the incorporation of th; Trai.sva.al in the dominions of the Queen, and the consequent ces.-ation there of fore gn mining must eventuate in the e-uiy establi;h.a.nt of a mint under the control of the local government. SPOET AND THE COMMONWEALTH. It was not to be expected, writes a "Daily Chronicle" paiagraplust, thai the Australian sportsman would allow th. fede- ; ral inauguration .o pass wituout recognition. ihe Melbourne Cup is now tj be eclipsed by the federal Cup, cairying an accompanying prize of £10,000. The Melbourne Cup has been the special gbry of me Victorians, and as the new i.ea comes from Sydney the race for the feae.ai prize will doubtless be run on the Randwiek course. It will be a good chance ior ihe Governor-General — who, it is rumou.ed, proposes maintaining a racing statue — to add something to his official honorarium, and so reduce his expenses m Syd.iey. There is no love lost between MeldcU ne and Sydney, and the Federal Cup wiU ly a bitter one for the jea.ous > arra-siders, but perhaps they may contrive to sjore ™ some oJier way. The possibilities of the federal idea are by no means exhausted. THE NAME OF THE FEDERAL CAPITAL. The writer quoted above says something on another subject of special interest to Australians:—"It seems likely that Au tralia will have more trouble over finding a suitable name for us new ftder.il cap tal than in selecting the capital itself. Should Bombala be chosen for the site, tho d faculty might be overcome by letting.this appropriate aboriginal name stand, as a sort of link with the past. The Australians have unfortunately always shown a disposition to wipe out the nat.ve -..ajies to make room for those of their Governors and Ministers; but if Bombala is to be s:nt by the board what will be sub tituted for it? Victoria, Albert, May, Y^rk, llopetoun are already in use in Australia. To name the town after the first Federal Pre- mier would hardly do, for Barton, Lynn. Turner, or Forrest would scarcely be adequate." » JUBILEE AND COMMONWEALTH POETRY. Sir William Lyre's offer, of £500-for thcbest ode in commemoration of the inauguration of the new Commonwealth in Austrs- ,ia reminds a London evening daily that this high argument was nobly sung by Mi. Theodore Watts-Dunton several years ago in his "Jubilee Greeting to, the,. Men of Greater Britain," and also.in a magnificent sonnet, which appeared still earlier in the "Athenaeum":— Yon albatroes, whose stirless pinions follow The ship through smile and frown of wind and weather, Outsails without the labour of a feather, Each frigate bird and gull and ocean swallow. Yes, while the sunny billows wake and wallow, Now yellow as gold, now purple as floweringheather, Now glassing all the hues of mora together. In play rides he o'er steaming crest and hollow! n Australia, thou whose flight shall still advancc On wings that never beat, yet never stay. That win elite thine own bird's; the race in play- Desert not thou, whatever winds of chance May fret the changing waves of Time's expanse The ship that led thee on thy morning way! DEATH OF THE HACROCLEMMYS TEMMINCKL Hundreds of Soutii Australians have visited tne Zoo in Regents Park, and probably j not one 0j them has missed the oppoitunu, of spending a few minutes beloie the tank in the reptile house, wherein that marvellous y immobile monstrosity, the .Florid* JJnapper, known to the learned as llacroclemmys temmincki. passed its passionless existence. Weil, this extraordinary creature, after standing mostiy in one spot without moving a muscle or a fragment of its ragged envelope for seventeen yearo. has at last given up the ghost; and great will be the .amentktions ot the habitues of the gardens over its death. A like fate ^ £efaUfm ^ £jotb for tKe ^ tu ti 4 h t and at no small snake, As a great rarity from America, has given birth to a family of eevc-n, all of whom and the mother are doing well. MISCELLANEOUS. Australia, plays a part, if only a subordinate one, in Mr. Eden Phillpotite's new and powerful novel. "Sons of the Morning;" for Chrrstoplier Yoelands—one of the two men whom the heroine. Honor Endicott, loves with equal ardour, on leaving her after her too candid acknowledgment that she is as fond of his rival as she is of hhn— sails for the sunny south. On the way he vanishes, and is reported to tie drowned, but by and by he reappears, and makes tilings very unpleasant tor the young lady and the "other fellow," whom slie has meanwhile married." This extract from the book indicates the singular psychological condition of Miss Endicott while being passionately wooed by her suitors. It is to the "other fellow," Myles Stapleton, that she thus unburdens her nund, in answer to his objections to her loving two men:—"Then think of me no more, for 1 do—if I love at all. Is not the moon constant to tlie earth and sun? A woman can love two men as easily as a man can love two women. You couldn't, • I know, but you are not everybody. Most men can. Christianity has made a noble, exalted thing of love, and I was a barbarian by in slinct. Just ail accidental primitive heathen, who has cropped up in a respectable family. You can't alter my particular, cranky nature by pruning. Oh, dear Miles, if 1 couid marry you both! You for the working weeks, and Christo for Sundays and holidays!" "file • following item, extracted fro-m the "Cigarette World," will doubtless be news to many of your readers:—"Juvenile smoking seeans rather approved of than otherwise in Australia. Incredible though it may appear, they have already discussed the advisability of attaching smoking rooms to the schools!" "Colonia," in a letter to the newspapers, insists that the names MeaHay, Symead, or Admesy, each of which has been suggested as suitable for federated Australia, would if adopted be received with worldwide derision. "Lionel" is, she urges, "brief, handsome, and regal sounding, and in view of its meaning, "little lion,' peculiarly appropriate for .England's big daughter in the south. In the last quarterly "Navy List" appears the announcement that the oliicers of the Protector have received temporary commissions in the EoyaJ Navy, under an Order in Council dated Ausmst, 1900. Capt: Creswell will take a Koyal Navy commander's rank. 