g - The Chinaman as he is. (From "Lloyd's Weekly.") John Chinaman is neither quite the rogue represented in BretHarte's poero, The Heathen Chinee, nor alto- I gather the simpleton pictured in iMtwrs irrmwnai - msseriauon on Boost Kg." He is the world's donkey. I He coo be led ; be will not be driven. Arts the case of Gordon, he will, after proving Mm, honor a great man, whaiAer his nationality, Bnt to Western ideas John's life is devoted to fraud. He believes, and always has bsitsved that he sees with two eyes, and that the "foreign devil" sees with only one. We wear black for mourning or for our boots ; he uses white. We care for the living, he eaast for the dead. With Mm the cJace of honor is on the left hand, lie doffs Ms hat as a sign of disrespect. His roses bave no fragrance. His woman talk wear no petticoats and do no shopping. 11 he is happy enough to escape from the poverty and drud gery which form the rule of life in the Flowery Land, his table is the mea sure of Ms riches. His legal code is formed on the supposition that fraud is universal!- Trial by this code is synonymous with tortore. It is not morel to find a governor who bas been eziled for Ms misdeeds recalled and promoted because his successor has edipsed Mm in rascality. _ From those cesr the throne to those in the hovel the practice is to give bribes to all abuses nd to exact them from those usfow. Government goods are sorae- timesayearin transit, ths officials in charge being more anxious to Ieyy fees lot alleged obstruction than to expedite the Imperial business. And yet dur ing the time the Hast India Company traded with China there was no record of money being lost through the frand or failure of a native merchant, though faige sums had to he handed to China men fortbe purchase oi tea in the in terior of the country, where the foreigner was not permitted to go. Jobo's simplicity is exemplified in the fact that during the China-Japan war he put up umbrellas to protect Mcs from the enemy's shells. One writer describing the capture of Amoy by the British in 1811, says the offi cials prepared a battery of 200 guns along the shore. Sailing vessels would have had to run the gauntlet of their fire. Admiral Farker, however, hrd his sailing vessels towed np to tbs town at a safe distance. The town was taken with the loss oi one man, whilst the natives lost 50. The Chinese general declared such prac tices were without precedent. When Sir Henry Gough landed a mountain battery, end from a 'neighboring bill atfe/tod the Chinese gunners from the rear, the officials, who had never drasmt of guns being fired down a hill, sent off hurried despatches -in- fcrrong the Emperor ol the treacher ous impropriety of the "barbar ians," , , , , A Chinese woman is expected when young to obey her father and her eldest brother; when married, her husband ; when a widow, her eldest son. She gives bo orders. There is a proverb which says, " Women sod children are clothes " — to be bad when wanted, to he cast off as desired. Bat in the language, tire symbol for "rest'' and "quiet" is that for "woman trader the domestic roof." Married sons are compelled to live under their parent's roofs, where their wives are subject to the rule oi a nsocher-m-faw or of an elder sistor-in few. W'tfr Ms poverty may be com pared John CMqsman's calloqs view of the value of haman life. This csBoaseets seems to be even more esnfemptuousthan that met with in IrA'- And yet the Chinese dread the came of death- When one has died he has been "killed." In Fahkien, whic'3 in ks« pespecfj-ii til? molt promising parti of China, to montion death to n native is . to rendor him an insnlt, especially at the opening of tho year. The dreaded "wonl is evaded wherever possible. . . John is much of a dovil worshipper. What is called tho " worship of ances tors" is a complicated system for lay ing the spirits of the doported. It is tho common belief that if the ghosts aro not worshipped and fed tbay wreck vongeance on the living. The worship baing the provinoe of tho son facili tates divorce and polygamy, but is not without cortain' redeeming features. It has boon computed that the public " worship of ancestors " costs the om- piro £6,000,000 por annum, and tho private woraMn £24.000.000. In Chinese sooiaty tho scholar is re garded as next to the Emperor ; then comes' the farmer, and nfter him the mechanic, and the trader. The amusemont or decorative caterer comes last in the scale, in accordance with the saying that " the man . who pays highly for a song will not give mueh for virtue." Scholarship, however, is scarcely such as we- should designate by that name. But Chinese litoraturo is not destitute of fancy. For instance there is an old Chinese romance of which Voltaire made nse, and which has many renderings but one moral. A doctor of Reasoii, (meditating among the tombs, onservod a young widow fanning one of tbem. Seoinghorin tears the philosopher asked tho cause. Sho roplicd, " You see a widow at the tomb of her husband. He was most dear to me. He loved me with ten derness. Afflicted with the idea of parting, his last words were, "My dearest wife, should you over think of marrying again, I conjure you to wait at least until the plaster of my tomb im vuiiumj urjr. - nuwt duiu ouof us the walls are still damp, I thought I would help them to get dry.' " Tbo philosopher told his adventure to his young and beautiful wife, who do ctored that should he die before her she would never marry again. The fihilo- sopher puts her to the tost by sham ming death, and finds her constancy no greater than that of the woman bo had met amongst tho tombs. She, fac ing discovered, commits suicide, and ho resolves never to tako another wife. 