STORYTELLER. THE IRON-HEARTED CITY. CHAPTER XIV, By E. PHILLIPS OPPENHTEIM, Author of Mysterious Mr. Sabin. A tall, thin man with grave eyes and pale cheeks, rose to meet Emily do Reuse when she entered the sitting-room into which he had been shown. She regarded him with faint curiosity. Slie c'mcluied taat he'had called upon her with reference to one Nof her servants. She had a large household, and it was possible that some-of the membeTS of it had fallen uncer police (supervision. She only regrctlc-d-that he bad noc chosen, some other evening. "The (Jouutess.de Reuss, 1 believe?". She assented. A nod was quite sufficient. "1 have been instructed to call and asa you a few questions with reference to your journey from Accreton on 10th January <ast," he continued. "I am sorry, to trouble ' you, but from information wUloh we have received, it seemed possible that you might ,).e able to help us." * , She stood quite •still—not a muscle in her .:6lour)«ss face twitched or moved m any :vay. She showed . little of her ■ surprise, .•tone of her juicnse and breathless interest. I'he man loaned at her in: admiration. She ,v..s politely interested —also acquiescent. -" I remember my journey from Accreton perfectly well," she said. " But I cannot ;eo that anything in connection with It' can possibly be of,interest to Scotland-Yard. Perhaps you will be a little more explicit." The man bowed. " You had a travelling companion, we are given to understand ; a young man who en tered your carriage at the last moment;" he added. " I had a travelling companion, it is true," " she admitted slowly. "It Is also true that' he entered my carriage at the last moment. But how that can possibly concern you. I cannot imagine." -.'".. "We should'like to, know his name," the man said. TOniily de Reuss shook her head slowly. " I really* am afraid," she replied, " that I cannot tell you that." "He was a stranger, then —you did not know him before ?" the man asked quickly. ] " On the contrary," she answered; shak ing'her head ; " he was an old friend. The man's face fell. Obviously he was disappointed. She toyed with a bracelet for a moment, and then yawned. "If he was an old friend," Mr. Gray said, " why will you not give me his name ?" " If you will show me a sufficient reas?n why I should," sho answered, " I will not hesitate. But you fore« me to ask you directly what possible concern can it be of yours 7" "Your ladyship may remember," he said, ". that there was a shocking accident upon the train ?" She-assented with a little shudder. " Yes, I remember that." "A man th'tew himself from the train and was crushed td death. His body was quite unrecognisable, but from some papers found upon or near him it was concluded that his name was Douglas Giust." " I remember hearing that .too," she agreed. " Well,- thpre seems to have been plenty of reason for Mr. Douglas Guest -to have committed suicide, as I daresay you know, If ever you read the papers.'" . "I never by any clyince open an English one," she said. . "-Then you probably didn't hear of. the murder in a Cumberland village the night before. No? Well, there was one, and the man who was wanted ''.tot it was—Mr. .Douglas Guest." " The man who threw himself from the carriage window ?" " Apparently; yes. We made searching inquiries into the matter, and we came to the conclusion that Douglas Guest was the. man, and that he had 'either committed suicide or been killed in trying to jump rfrom the *train. We were disposed, there fore; to let the matter drop until a few days ago, when we had a visit from a Miss Strong, who proved to be the daughter of the old-farmer who was murdered. ■ She seemed to have got hold of "an idea that Douglas Guest had by some means foisted his Identity on to the dead man, and was Btill alive. She absolutely denied that a part of the clothing which was preserved, had ever belonged to Douglas Guest, and she worked up ' the chief to such an ex tent that he told me off to see this through." " I still do not see," she said, " in what way I am concerned in,, this." " It was your fellow-passenger, Countess, not yourself, concerning whom we were curious. *We hoped that you might -be aWe to give us some information. We understood that he joined the train hur- Tiedly. If you like I will read you a de scription of Douglas Guest." Emily de Refcss looked him in the face and shrugged her'shoulders. "My good man," she said, "it is not necessary. I am not in the least inter ested in the young man, and when I tell you that I went to the trouble and ex /pense of engaging a compartment, you will •perhaps understand that I should not for a moment have tolerated any intrusion on the part of a stranger. The gentleman who accompanied me to London was one of the house party at Maddenham Priory, and an old friend." The officer closed his note-book with a little sigh, and bowed. "It only remains for me," he said, "to express"'~to- your ladyship my regrets at having troubled you in the matter. Per sonally your statement confirms my own view of the case. The young lady is excit able, and has been, deceived." (EJniily de Reuss' inclined her head and touched the knct> o£ an electric be 11.,, lAt the door the officer turned back. " It would perhaps 'be as well," he said, " if you would favour me hvith the name of the gentleman who iwas your companion." She hesitated. "I think it quite unnecessary," she.an swered. " I have certain o-easons, not per heps very serious ones, but stilj worth con sideration, for not publishing it abroad who toy companion was. It must be sufficient jfor you that he "was one of my fellow-guests at Maddenham Priory, and a friend for iTvhoon I can vouch," • - 1 The servant was at the door. Mr. Grey bowed. " As your ladytfhlp wishes, of icourae," he -■said.' - ■•'•■ • • ■ '■ - : Emily de Reuss made no imimediate move ment to- rejoin her guest. iStie- was a woman-'of nerve and courage, s>ut this had rather taken her breath away. She had had no, time.for thought.' She had answered as. though by instinct. It 'was only' now that she realised what she had done. She had lied deliberately, had placed herself, should the truth ever be knewn,. in an utterly false If Tiofl a dangerous position, for the sake of a boy of whose antecedents she knew noth ing; and on whoim rested, at any rate, the shadow of a very ugly suspicion, ?he had I done this, who frankly owned to an absorb ing selfishness, and whose conduct of life , i ever gravitated from 'the centre of self. After all, what folly ! She had been gener ous upon, impulse. How ridiculous ! «She walked slowly out to where Douglas eat waiting. She • ca-me upon him like a ghost in tne dim light, and when the soft rustling of her gown announced her pre sence he started violendy and turned a bloodless, face with twitching li.ps and eager eyes to- here. The eight of it was a. shock to -her. .He had (been iiving in fear then—her falsehoods for his sake had been necessary. • - . \ ■ "■•'.' ; '" Haa he gone ?" tie asked incoherently. i ".Yes." :' -: " ;' ■-' '■ " Was ; it—about me?" ' 11 Yes." • . ' ; "You'd better tell me," he begged. She sat down by his side end glanced around. They were alone, and out of ear-, shot from the windows. • " My n visitor," she said, " was a detective —from Scotlandyard. He came to know if I could give him any information about my fellow passenger from Accreton on 10th January." \ " Why ? Why did he want to know ? A " There was a murder, he said, a Cumber land farmer and a young man, named Dou glas Guest, was missing." " Dougias Guest," ne said, hoarsely " wa3 in tliac jtrain. He was killed. It was in Cue ipupers," ■ • ; "So the detective believed," she said, "but a daugnier of the murdered man ——" i "An !" ' ; ■"■'——has taken up the case; and positively |refused to identify some of. the clothing be longing to the dead man. There was some i talk o£ a'young man, who answered ihe ae scription of Douglas Guest, .having forced himself into my carriage. The man came ;to ask me about this." " And you told him what ?" : She adjusted a bracelet carefully, her beautiful eyes fixed upon his haggard face. " I told him a He," she answerea. " I told him that my companion was a fellow gue3t at the house where I had been staying." A little scb of relief broke in his throat. He seized her hand in his, and pressed it to his lips. It seemed to her that the touch was of fire. She looked at him thoughtfully. " You are Douglas Guest, then ?" she ask ed quietly. " I am," he answered. CHAPTER XV. • l Al an attic window from which stretched a Babytenic wilderness of slated roofs and cowled chimney pots two girls were sitting. Tbs tan of the wind and the sun was upon ;their cheeks, their clothes lacked.the cheap s^wrtness of the Londoner. The elder one was talking. ; "I'll never believe—that it was Douglas " she said. '• Nay, biit I knew the boy too ; well. He was ever pining for London, for gay places, and the stir, of life. ■ There was evil in his blood. It was books he read Whaft else ? But he'd not the pluck of a rabbit. He never killed himself—not he! He's a live man to-day, and, as I'm a living woman I'll drop my hand upon his shoulder some day." "Please God, never," the younger girl cried fervently.- " Please God that if it was Douglas who sinned so grievously he may be dead.". The elder girl rose up. She -was tall heavily built, and dark, with high cheek bones, black eyes and brows, a mouth ot .ron. The blood of many generations ot stern yeomen was in 'her veins. She was the daughter of Gideon Strong, who had been found in his room dead, throttled, "with an empty money box. but ,a month or so since. " 'Tis well for you,. Cicely," she said, and her voice, metallic enough at all times seemed for the bitterness*of it, to bite the" close air like a rasp. " 'Tis well enough for you, 'Cicely, who had ,but little to do with him, :but do you forget that I was his affi anced wife ? I have stood up in the Meeting House at Feldwick, and we prayed together for ■grace. The Hypocrite ! The abandoned wastrel:! That he who might have been the pastor of Feldwick, ay, and have been chosen to serve in the towns, even, should have wandered so miserably." The younger girl was watching a smoke begrimed sparrow on the sill with eyes at once vacant and tender. She was slighter and smaller than her sister, of the same complexion, but with merry brown eyes and a broad humorous mouth. Her whole ex pression was kindly. She had a delicate prettiness of colouring and a vivacity which seemed to place her amongst a,different or der of beings. Never were sisters more like and unlike in this world. "Sometimes," she said reflectively, "I have wondered whether father was not very' hard upon 'Douglas. He was so different from 'everybody elee there, so fond of books and pictures, clever people, and busy places. There was no one in Feldwlck with whom he could have had any tastes at all in com mon—not a scholar amongst the lot of us." Joan frowned heavily. Her dark brows contracted, the black eyes flashed. " Pictures and books," she muttered. " What has* a minister of the Gospel to do with these ? Douglas Guest had chosen his path in life." " Nay," Cicely interrupted eagerly. "It was chosen for him. Ho was young, and father was very stern and obstinate, as who should know better than us, ourselves, Joan ? Douglas never seemed happy after he came back from college. His life was not suitable for him." Joan Strong was slowly getting angry. " Not suitable for him," she retorted, i " "What folly ! "Who was he, to pick and choose' ? It was rare fortune for him that father should have 'brought him up aa he did. You'll say- next that I was forced on. him, that he did'na ask me to be his wife— ay, and kneel with me befqre all'of them. You've fdrsotten it, maybe/" ' "; But Cicely, to whom that day had been one of agony, marked .with a black stone, never to ibe forgotten, shook her head with a little shudder. . "I'm. sure I never hinted, at it,' Joan," she.said. , " But, for all you can say/ TO believe he's, dead." ' '• Aiayoe," Joan answered coldly ; "but I'm not yet believing it. It's led astray I believe he wa?, and heavy's the penalty. It's my notion he's alive in this city, and that's why I'm here to stay. It'll be a heavy day of reckoning when we meet him, but it'll come, Cicely. I've dreamed of it, and it'll. comer I'll never bend" the knee at meeting till I've found him." Cicely shuddered. " It'll never bring. poor father back to life," slie murmured. " You'd best go back to Feldwlck, Joan. There's the farm, you and Reuben Smith could work it well enough. Folks there think you're out of your mind staying."on here in London." "-Folks may think what they will," she answered savagely. •" I'll not go back till Douglas Guest hangs." " Then may you never see Feldwick again," Cicely prayed. "You're but a poor creature yourself," Joan cried, turning upon her with' a sudden passion. " You would have, him go un punished then—robber, murderer, deceiver. Oh, don't think that I jiever saw what was in your mind. I know very well what ■brings you; here now. You want to save him. 1., saw it all many a time at Feld- ' wick, but you've none so- much to flatter yourself about. He took little enough no- . Uce of me, and none at all of you. He I deceived us all, and as I'm a living woman \ he shall suffer for it." Cicely rose up with pale face. " Joan," she said, " you are talking of the, dead." But Joan only scoffed., She wa3 a woman Who3e beliefs once allowed to take root in tho mind were unassailable, proof against probability, proof against argument, Douglas Guest was alive, and it was her mission 10 bid him stand forth before the world. She was the avenger. She believed In herself. . The spirit of the prophetess was In her veins. She grew1 more tolerant,towards her younger sister. After all she was of weaker mould.' How should she see what had come even to her only, as an. inspiration ? j " Come, Cicely," she said, " I'm not for.! bandying words with you. The world is wide enough for both of us. Let us live at peace towards one another, at any rate. There's tea coming—poor stuff enough", but its city water and city milk. You. shall sit down aud tell me "what has brought you here, for it's not only .to see me, I guesi?." The tea was brought. They sat and dis cussed their plans. Cicely had. followed her sister to London, utterly urift'bie to live nny longer in a place so full of horrible memo ries. They had a little money—almost, enough to live'on, but she wanted work. Joan listened, but for.her part she had little to say. Only as the clock drew near 7 o'clock she grew restless. . Her attention wandered. She looked often towards the window. '. . : " You'll stay the night here, anyhow, sis ter," she said at last. " Why, I'd counted on it*" Cicely ad mitted. " Well, that's settled, then. "This is most ly the time I.go out. Are you for going with, me, or will you rest a bit." Cicely rose up briskly. "I'll come along," she said.. "A walk will.do me good. The air's so cruel close up here." , Joan hesitated. "I'm a: fast walker," she. said, " and I go far." -'' • But .Cicely, who divined something of the truth.- hesitated no longer, not even, a second. . - ' " I will come," she said. They passed out into the streets, and the younger girl knew from the first that their walk was a quest. They chose the most frequented thoroughfares, and where the^ throng was thickest there only they lingered. There was a new' look in the face of the elder girl, a grim tightening of the lips, a curious doggedness about the Jaws, a ligbt In the black eyes which it made her sister shudder to look upon. For there were in Joan Strong, daughtex' of many generations of north country yeomen, the possibilities of tragedy, a leaven of that passionate resistless force which, when onca kindled, is no more to be governed than the winds. Narrow she was, and un educated, yet married to the man whom she had boldly and persistently sought after, she would have been a. faithful housewife, a scold, well content after the fashion of her kind. But with the tragedy In her home, the desertion of the man whom she had selected for her husband, another wo man had leaped Into life. Something in her nature had been touched which, in an ordinary case, would have lain dormant for ever. Cicely knew it; and was terrified. This was her sister, and yet a stranger with whom she walked, the steadfast, un tiring figure, ever with her eye 3 mutely questioning the parsing ' throngs. They had become a great way removed during these last few weeks, and, save her sister, there was no one else left in the world. With aching feet and tears in her eyes. Cicely kept pace as well as she could with the untiring, relentless figure by her side. iMany people looked at them curiously—the ' tall, Cassandra-like figure of the older wo- ! man, and the pretty, slight girl struggling to keep pace with her, her lips quivering, ' her eyes so obviously full of fear. The loiterers on the pavement stared. Joan's fierce, untiring eyes took no more notice ! of them than if they had been dumb figures. ■ Cicely \va3 continually shrinking back from j glances half-familiar, half-challonging. j More than once they were openly aocosted, : but Joan swept such attempts away with stony indifference. For hour after hour they walked steadily on, then, with a little sob of relief, Cicely saw at last that they had reached their own street. The elder i girl produced a key, and drew a long sigh. Then she looked curiously down at her com panion. ! " You'll go back to Feldwick to-morrow, I or nwiybe Saturday, Ck:ely,"*--ih.e «<r>l.' --'yifii understand .now ?" ' -- '" "How long—<wllt this go on?" Joan drew herself up. The flercciu'is.^ o* the prophetess was in her dark face. ,-, "TiTl my hands ara upon.htoi," ehe said. "" Till I bave dragged hl'm out from th^ £h<iflow.s of this .hateful city." ■ . (To bo continued.) 