Camp Liife on the Murray. [By Ah! Ess.l (Continued from last issue. ) After some ten miles had been rowed it was decided io eftect ji landing, and pitch the tent for (he night. A dnp sandy hollow between enormous gums was fixed on as a suitable spot, and the tent was soon erected, while Clinker busied himself in preparing a real olcT fashioned camp fire, and ere many minutes had elapsed the more modest light of the nionn was eclipsed by the ruddy, assertive flames that leaped from crackling and hissing brushwood and logs. It was worth all the trouble of coming the distance from town just to sit round that huge camp fire, with its picturesque and fantastical sur roundings. 111 ITUO WUDIUC1OU tt lillIUj£ tilUJD l(V sample the quality of the whisky brought, so a bottle was accordingly broached, and its merits duly appre ciated by Copout, Tilondin, and Clinker, Pinky and BLs'n being absent fishing up shrimps and getting cod lines out — keen ' sporls ' these tsro proved them selves 'Vj be on this trip. After fishing for over an hour without success, and Pinky having nearly thrown himself into the river in an effort to throw out his line into the middle of the stream, Ros'n propose d that they had better leave the fishing until daylight and join their companions round th« fire. Thoy found Clinker still bnsilv engaged hauling huge logs to keep the fire going f jr the night, while Blondin and Copout were allowing their im agination to rnn riot as to Iho probable aborigin.il population of the Murray a century buck. As it was now past midnight it was thought wise to try to woo that fickle god Morpheus. Another ' thimbleful ' of whisky was partaken of by all except Itos'n as a nightcap, nnd each arranged his couch Rfi best he coald iaa'.da the capacious lent. Clinker's preparations for sleeping were of the most primitive order. lie simply pulled his slouch hat well down over his ears, and taking his rag wound it round his ]eg«, body and head, mummy fashion, and then fell down whence he gstood with a grunt of satisfaction, and in a few minutes was peacefully snoring as if he was on a feather bed, with a wire mattress beneath him, and had paid the duly on all the cigars he had smoked that day. How 'some of the party used lo envy Clinker's ability to sleep anywhere, any how, and any time ! Copout was the most fastidious about his resting place ; the ground was always too uneven, or there was a slick or a twig underneath his rug to irritate him, or he would feel sure a b ill ant was crawling up his leg. I'mky s sole trouble was the fear of a snake wishing to share his virtuous rug and couch with him. Bos'n was content if he could only find a hollow or work a hole in the sand for his hip to rest in, while Blondin was satisfied if ' you chaps wonld only get settled so that a fellow can get to sleep.'' Presently the only sounds that broke the stillness of that superb night were the quintette of snores emanating from the apertures of a tent thrown out in ghost'.y whiteness against the shadow* haunted background of venerable eucalypti by the huge fire in front of it, varied at intervals by the crackling logs, the splash of some cod turning a back somersault, or the lone call of some night birJ. Clinker was the first of the party to ' shako off dull sloth, aad with the sun,' as Dr Watls hymned it ; and tbe first thing he did on unwinding his occnpalion of the night before — that of hauling logs for the fire. Clinker was tbe self-constituted stoker to the ex pedition. The crashing of boughs thrown on the fire soon awakened the rest of the party, who emerged from the tent ns tbe first shafts of the light of a return ing day showed themselves in tho r.ist. After a h 'arly breakfast of preserve! nifut, fried onions, and tomatoes, pre parnd by Hus'ii, nnd a generous mug of cofinft, biew-vl hy Itlondin, eneh a»o e\eano.il his tin plato, knife, and fork hy rnhhino1 ihom in the. whim drv annd giving Ibom « final polish wilh a bark n umber of th« IJW t'li-t/. A« IHnndin — who was e!«cleil lender -if dm parly — wan anxious fa reach P.lnneSiPfowii without, delay, the tent i was folded iij. nn.l thrown into the boat nlrmg willi portmanteaux, tin hat Irnnbs', rugs, puns, routs, sundry boots, hats, and stores, but cnrlain brief bags were carefully hand«d in, the injunction lo careful n ess being preceded with th« laconic information, ' Mother's milk,'* or ?? Them's cigars.' A start was then made. ( To he conlhiufd ) 