$ft#WISPJI£li\lw John Thomas Annear : ul myself, am a simple ? 'It ib royal to do good and to be abused.'— j&ABCPS; ACBBUPfi. ? Under public owner ship of industries, there ? never was, and never can be, a strike. Iv the people allow syndicates Ui ^n^utt- — ways over the country the syndicates will re ciprocate by running the railways over the people. Fogakty is another member who ought to have bad a position on the Licensing Commission withDinnyTCeogh. Philp says there isn't a ghost of a show for Old Age Pensions from his crowd, Philp is a Q.N. Bank pensioner himself, W. Kewley, Secretary of the Long* reach Branch A.W.U., is a candidate for divisional board honours. Good man, Billy! Minister Murray, who pledged himself to die fighting against one man one vote, upends h-s spare time in the Assembly picking his note. New Zealand Government will settle the drink traffic controversy by taking a re femiduui lot m wvw y«w' prohibition ? policy to apply to the colony as a whole. Anobew Pktrik, ML. A., a tombstone merchant, vows that 'Providence sent; the plague amongst us.' For the benefit of the tombstone industry presumably ! Labour Member Stewart; 'I do not believe there Is a single member of the Ministrv who has not inone jr«y iiranother ? declared publicly bis avewion to adult suffrage. ? Phiuv speaking at the Exhibition on Wednesday, extended m invitation to Chief Justice Griffith and Sir Hugh He's m to chuck up their billets and become Federal candidates. The Philp Government was defeated on Tuesday by 80 votes to 20 on a matter in volving the oontrol^f ^ablic buatness. In any other civilised country under such cir cumstanoes, a Government would have re signed. Thb goldfialds Democrats won the Federal victory in West Australia. 25,100 the goldfields majority in the majority of the whole oolony. The ayes and noes in the metropolitan, Fraemantle, and country electorates balanced each other. Stewart made a splendid defence of his attitude on the war in the Assembly last week and was listened to attentively by an interested Chamber. Jack Hamilton, Annear and Hardacre were the only ' patriotic ' yelping inter jectors. An individual called W, p. Harrington, who has something to do with a foundry in Maryborough, notifies that be will graciously allow himself to be nominated for the Federal elections. Unfortunately there is no law to prevent this sort of thing. Labouk Member Stewart : ' I am very sorry that Queensland after 40 years of ? self-government has cqme to this pass that she can no longer find money to butl 1 necessary railways. It seems to me to 09 one of the most deplorable confessions of incompetenm^nrtrhH^ --ver tff»n fi-H^o Ky ? any government in any colony.' Attorney-General Rutledge lays down the law that a river is a natural highway, and no private wharf -owner has any more right at common law to project a wharf over high or low water mark than a shop keeper to interfere with the right of passage along the street by placinsr a counter out si ie his shop on which to display his goods. Chaklie M 'Donald instances a station in the Bulloo electorate, the owners of which put £30,000 into tbe~pfoperty.' gfter a while they borrowed £100,000 at 10 per cent., ana put that into it also. They -Agorlced4e^yeaittrat-d-att their profits went — to pay— the usurers ; who in the end stepped in, and seizing the whole property, turning thern^ out of it lock, stock and ? barrel. Campbell, M.L. A , headed an impudent deputation last week asking Philp to stretch the term 'agricultural purposes,' so as to permit all sorts of land being foisted on the taxpayer, under the notorious Agricultural Restriction Act. Also to enable him to sell Durundur, a bank-owned property, to -the-Governfflent. It's a wonder Campbell ? doesn't offer to sell his quarries to brother in-law Philp for agricultural purposes. Foxton to Labour Leader Browne : ' The Government has no intention of in troducing a bill to provide for old ag« pensions this session. The Government is not prepared to increase the amount of .'is. |H?r week all-»we«l to persons in lieu of going to Ihinwich.' -Tlno quack Govern ment has 110 intentiuii uf doing anything for the workers. Its syndicate railway policy is its patent medicine for the cure of_everything. . ' ? / '' ' ' ' .. ' 