YOU SING. By F. T. Bullen, Author of 'The Cruise of the Cachalot,' in "Chambora'a." CHAPTER IV. Having no means of knowing the time-for the clook had never been wound, owing to my not being able to find the key-1 cannot tell when the change came ; but I think it must have been about eight next morning. The vessel suddenly righted, and then be gan to tumble about in so outrageous a fashion that I thought she must go all to pieces. Elsie awoke screaming with fright; and with all You Sing's oat-like capacity for holding on, it was some minutes before he could get to her to comfort her. He had not left my side more than ten minutes, when, with a tremendous lurch, the vessel was hurled over to starboard, and I knew that my greatest fear was realised -she had been ca'Ught aback I Over, over she went until it was almost possible to stand upright upon the lee bulk-heads of the cabin. In sea phrase, she was on her beam-onds. I now gave all up for lost, and waited, hardly breathing, for the crash of the end. The water on deck burst in through every crevice and rose up on the leo-side until I was obliged to climb up to the fast-clamped settees to wind ward to avoid being drowned. The uproar on deck was louder than ever, and I fancied that I could hear every now and then through the tumult the rending and crashing of spars, and (eel the shattering blow of their great muses against the hull alongside. Bat still the vessel seemed staunoh, although every inch of her framework visible in the cabin was all awork. After what seemed like a whole day, but oould only have been two or three hours,- she began to right heraeK, and the din outside grew less deafening. Bapidly the howl of the wind moder ated, although the vessel still tossed and tumbled about in frantic fashion, until my anxiety to see daylight again got the oetter of my fears, and I pain fully made my way up the oompanion, opened it, and stepped on to thti poop. The sight I beheld took away my breath. The 'Blitzen' was a complete wreck. Not a stick was standing ex cept the three jagged stumps of the lower masts; the bulwarks were strip ped from her rides for their entire! length, the house on deok had clean disappeared, and everything that could be torn from its fastenings about the decks had gone also. It was a clean sweep. A oold shiver went through me, such as one might feel upon awakening to find his house roofless and all household gods exposed to the glare of the day. But tne sky was dear, the sea was going down, and we were still afloat. A great wave of thankfulness came over me, suddenly cheated by the paralysing thought that perhaps we had Bprung a leak. I stood still for a moment jrhile the latest fear soaked in; then, bracing myself up to learn the worst, I hurried forrard to try and find the rod to sound the well. But it had gone, among the rest of the carpenter's gear, with the deok-house, and I was obliged to give np the idea. Returning aft, I unoovered the cabin skylight and went below, findingYou Sing busy preparing some food. Then I suddenly remem bered that I was ravenously hungry, and we all three sat down and ate our fill cheerfully and gladly. But while we were swallowing the fast morsels ot our meal, You Sing gravely lifted \- his hand and sat listening intently. There was a strange sound on deck, and it made me almost helpless with fear. For it sounded like the singing chatter of Chinese. We sat for a few as if suddenly frozen, listening with every faculty, and hardly breathing. Then, ghost-like, You Sing rose, and taking the two of us by the arms, gently persuaded us into one of the state-rooms at hand and signed to us to keep close while he went to inves tigate. Noiselessly he glided away from us and was gone, leaving us a prey to the most harrowing sensations in* the belief that all our cruel fore bodings were about to be proved true For some time not a sovnd could be I heard In our hiding place except the soothing creak of the timbers or the wash of the carressing waves outside . the hull. Yet I remember curiously how even in that agony of suspense I noticed that the motion of the ship was changed. She no longer seemed to swing buoyantly from wave to wave, but soleinly, stolidly, she rolled as if the sea had taken possession of her, and bereft her of her own grace of mastery. A confused thudding sound reached tut from above as if caused by the ' 4>t^tpring of bare feet on deck; but there were no voices, nor, indeed, any other noises to give us a clue as to what was going on. Very soon even that slight sound ceased, and we were again left to the dumbness of our sur roundings. The child went to sleep ; and I, after perhaps half-an-hour of strained listening, felt that I could bear this condition of things no longer, for it had seemed like a whole day to iny excited imaginings. So, as silently ba had You Sing long ago, I stole from the little stato-room and across the saloon. With all my terrors weigh ' ing me down, 1 crawled worm-like up the oompanion-ladder and wriggled on to the deck on all-fours. The sen, and the sky, and the barren deok all lay in fierfect silence, which pressed upon mo ike one of those nightmaros in which you feel that unless you can scronni you must die. After two or three attempts 1 moistened my lips and oalled ' You Sing 1' There was no voice or any one that answered. But that 1 think the limit of my capacity for being terrified had boon reached some time before, 1 believe this irre sponaivoss, with its accompanying sen sation of being utterly alono, would have mado me mi idiot. And it was, I only felt numbed and tired. Slowly I stood upon my feet, and went forrard to the break oC tko poop, learning at once the reason of You Sing'B silence. For by the Hide of the aftor-hatch lay three Chinese, naked and dead, bearing on thoir bodies the grim evi dences of tho method of their ending. Close to the cabin door, as if ho had dragged hiinsolf away from his late antagonists in tho vain hope of reach ing his friends again, lay You Sing. As I looked down upon hiin be moved slightly. In a moment, forgetting everything else, I was by his side and bad lifted his head upon my knee. lie opened his glazing eyes and looked up into my face with his own sweety smile, now with something of the highest satisfaction in it. His dry lips opened and ho murmured, ''Ullo, Tommy ; all li-tee.' Then the intelligence faded out of his eyes, and he left me. It must have been hours afterwards when I again realised my surroundings. Elsie had been sitting by tbe piece of yellow clay that had been You Sing, perfectly still, but with an occasional tearing sob. She must have been cry ing for a long time. Gradually the whole of the post came book to me, and I saw how our dead friend had indeel paid in full what he considered to be his debt to us; although how that mild and gentle creature, in whom I never saw even so much as a shade of vexation, much less anger, could have risen to such a height of fighting valour as to slay three men in our defence was utterly beyond my powers of com prehension. For, without attempting any eloquence of panegyrio, that was precisely what he had done, and with his opponents' own weapons, too. To say that I had not really felt lonely and helpless until now only faintly conveys the apf>aling sense of loss that had come upon me. As for the poor child, she crouched by the side of the corpse, scarcely more alive than it was, mani festing no fear or repugnance at the presence of death; indeed she appeared unable to realise the great fact in its full terror. How long we both sat in this dazed condition it is impossible to say with any defmitcness. No doubt it was for several hours, for we'both seemed only partially alive; and, for my part, the only impression left was that all besides ourselves were dead. That feeling carried with it a dim anticipation that we too might expect to find our turn to depart confronting us at any moment; but in this thought there was no fear, rather relief. How often, I wonder, has it been noted lhat in times of deep mental dis tress, when the mind appears to have had a mortal blow, and all those higher faculties which arc our peculiar posses sion are so numbed that they give no definite assistance to the organism, the animal needs of the body have instinc tively asserted themselves, and thus saved the man or woman from madness or death? It must surely be «ne of the commonest of experiences, although seldom formulated in so many words. At any rate, this was now the case with me. Gradually the fact that I was parched with thirst became the one oonscious thing; and, without think ing about it, without any definite idea even, I found myself on my feet, swaying and staggering as I crossed the bare dock to where the scuttle-butt used to be lashed. Finding it gone, I stood helplessly staring at the ends of the lashings that had secured it, with a dull, stupid anger of disappoint ment. Then I began to think; I' had to, for my need was imperative. I remembered that You Sing had brought I into the cabin before the typhoon a This mental effort was bracing, doing much to restore me again to some show of usefulness. I soon found the J water, and hurried on deck onoe more, for the cabin was no place to stay in now. It was tenanted by shapes of dread, full of inaudible signs of woe; and right glad was I to remain by the side of the little girl for living companion ship. I offered her some water. She looked at it dully, as if unable to attach any idea to it ; and it was only by repeatedly rousing her that 1 managed to await on any reason in her injured mind at all In the absence of any such compulsion I think she would have just sat still and ceased to live, painlessly and unconsciously. Now that the needs of another were laid upon me, I began to move about a little more briskly and to notice our condition with returning interest. For some time the strange steadiness of the ship had puzzled me without arousing any definite inquiry in my mind as to tho cause of it. But in crossing the deck to re-enter the cabin the trtfe significance of that want of motion suddenly burst upon me, for I saw the calm face of the water only a few inches from the deck-line. The Blitzen was «inking. During the typhoon she must have received tremendous injuries from the wreckage on her top-hamper, that, floating alongside entangled in the wob of its rigging, was as dangerous a* so many rocks would have been. There was urgent need now for thought and action also. For there was nothing of any kind on deck floatable. Boats, spars, hen-coops, all hud gonu. A thousand futile thoughts chasod one another through my throbbing brain, but they ran in circles lhat led nowhere. The seemed to bo no possible means of escape. Yet somehow 1 was not hopeless. I felt a curious reliance upon the fact that wo two small people had come through so much unhurt in any way, nml this basoless unreasoning faith in our good (?) fortune forbade ino to despair. So that 1 cannot say I felt greatly Hurprised when I presently saw on the slai'lionrd side forrard a small sampan floating placidly its grass paiutci' made (aBt to the fore cbuins. Thure was no mystery about store of water sufficient its apptaranoe. It had brought those awful visitors whose defeat oauied You Sing his life, and was probably the only surviving relic of some junk that had foundered in the storm. The sight of it lid mo a world of good. Rushing to Elsie, I pointed out tho fact of our immediate danger, and of the hops loft us and after some little difficulty succeeded in getting her into tho sampan. Tho Blitzen was now so low in the water that my remaining time was countable by seconds. I flew into the oabin, snatched up a few biscuits and the large can of water that stood in the bathroom, and rushed for the boat. As 1 scrambled into her with my burden I noticed shudderingly that the ship wai beginning to move, but with such a motion 1 . It was like tho death-throe of a man-a physicial fact with which of late I had been well acquainted. Every plank of her groaned as if in agony; she gave a quivering sideway stagger. My fingers trembled so that I could hardly cast adrift the painter, which I was com pelled to do, having no knife. I got the clumsy hitches adrift at last, and with one of the rough oars gave our frail craft a vigorous shore off, Elsie staring all the while at the huge hull with dilating eyes and drawn white face. Presently the Blitzen seemed to stumble ; a wave upreared itself out of the smooth brightness of the plaoid sea and embraced her bows, drawing them gently down. So gently, like a tired woman sinking to rest, did the Blitzen leave the light, and only a few foam-flecked whorls and spirals on the surface marked for a minute or two the spot where she had been.* Happily for us who were left, our troubles were nearly at an end. One calm night of restless dozing under the warm sky, trying not to think of what a tiny "bubble we made on the wide sea, we passed not uncomfortably. Just before dawn I felt rather than heard a throbing, its regular pulsations beatiug steadily as if inside my head. But they had not lasted one minute before I knew them for the propeller beat of a steamer, and strained my eyes around through the departing darkness for a sight of her. Straight for us she came, the watchful officer on the bridge having seen us more than a mile off. In the most matter of-faot way we were taken on board, and Elsie was soon mothered by the skipper's wife, while I was being made much of by tbo men. And that was all. Of all that mass of treasure that had caused the sacrifice of so many lives not one atom remained where it oould ever again raise the demon of murder in human breaBts. And although I could not realise all this, I really did not feel sorry that I had not suoceeded in saving the slightest portion of it, my thankfulness at being spared alive being so great. There was no passengers on board to make a fuis, so none was made. Three days afterwards we were at Hong-kong, and Elsie was handed over to tho German Consul, who gravely took down my story, but I could Bee did not believe <half of it. I bade good-bye to Elsie, having elected to remain by the steamer, where I was being well treated, and in due time reached England again, a step nearer to becoming a full-fledged seaman. (Concluded). 