RESIDENCE FOR THE GOVERNOR-GENERAL. Sir George Turner took time by the fore- lock when he wrote, before he retired from office, to the Imperial authorities offering the Vice-Regal mansion in Melbourne as a place of résidence for the Governor-General of the Dominion of Australia. Whether he believed that the offer would be promptly accepted one does not know ; but if he did, he must have been more credulous than the ordinary politician is. There was not the ghost of a chance of the Imperial Govern- ment committing themselves on such a subject. No doubt Sir George Turner wa?, right in trying to make the running for i;is colony with respect to the locating of tke head of the Federal Executive, ¿or a politician who dotä not try to keep his own colony in the front is not worth much ; but on the occasion referred to, Sir George jumped rather wildly. The. move had one good effect, however, formic" stirred up Mr. Lyne to endeavour to,checkmate the Vic toriau politician. AndTtiiis, it would seem, be h:.'s dene. The. location of the Governor Giineral isjto'bff" in New South Wales. Of course, ic will be necessary for him to be in Melbourne while the Federal Parliament is sitting in that city, but at other times this colony should be bis borne. The present Government House will be available for him, and there are few pleasanter places in the whole world. Speculation as to who will be the Governor-General has been excited by the rumour that the appointment would be offered to the Marquis of Lorne. It is not at all improbable that if the appointment is offered to him he will accept* it, provided, of course, that the Princess Louise permits him to do so.. In matters of this kind there cannot be a. doubt that she wears the unmentionables. She might like the change to Australia for a year or two, although, after what she has been used to, she would find either Sydney or Melbourne very slow. Yet she endured Ottawa for several year?, and, compared with the two big Australian capitals, that place is only a .village. The Marquis of Lorne ia a brainy man, and he ought to fill the bill exactly as the first Governor- General of Federated Australia. 