Personal & Political. The question on many tontrues, ' WilTCronje receive his conge ?' There is a melancholy possibility that the plague in Sydney may eclipse excitement over the war. We live in stirring times. tt is remarkable how many Rointtn Catholic clergymen in Austin! ia have brothers or couBins who are British officers in South Africa. The army and the church seem to run in Irish families. C. E. Dekker, the really distin guished editor of the ' Evening News,' has gone to New Zealand in hopes of the recovery of his grievously impaired eyesight. The last of the people directly con nected with the ' Fisher's Ghost ' tragedy — and comedy— of Campbell town has just become a ghost himself. The lock of the old flint-lock pistol of ' Bold Jack Donohue,' the notorious bushranger, has just been discovered in Sydney. ' Constance Clyde,' the getting known Bulletin writer, has seuta book of stories ' home.' 'Baldy' Davis, M.P.f or Bonrke, refers to his late opponent, Ihe well known M.L.C., as a Mr E. D. Millen. Satire from the west 1 Annie Bessnt, the Theosophical priestess, returns to Australia on a lecturing tour shortly. Although a ?woman she wars against war. A Sydney merchant who has come into advertising prominence through the Bushmen's contingent was once asked a question as to the probable effect of Federation. ' Man,' he re nl.af) Amrvrilvr (t r liava via fimo fnr Federation, I am pnttiog a new brand of whisky on the market. The wife of Lieutenant-Colonel Onslow has the finest diamonds in Australia. Sbe did not object to her husband going to the war. He would have gone bnt for tbe shabby treat mant of his friend Captain Larkin. What abont influence after this ! A would be member of tbe Bushmen's contiugeut in his application for en listment sent in testimonials from a Supreme Court Judge, Major.General French, Sir George Dibbs, Mr Lyne, Mr See, Mr HasBall, Mr O'Snllivan, Sir Joseph Abbott, many merchants, and t^ore'magistrates, and yet he was refused, notwithstanding he passed the tests in riding and shooting, was of good character and of military bearing Moreover, his wife had consented to his going to the front. JnBt now that rejected warrior is abont the maddest nun in Sydney, and his remarks are free, fluent, forcible and nnpriutable. It is interesting to learn of a case where overwhelming influence is itself overwhelmed, Richard Sleatli, M.P., has gone to the South African front on his own. He will see fight-k- through a powir ful telescope. Oace on the floor of the HoRse he declared that should an enemy threaten Sydney he would barricade himself behind the B!ne Mountains. Ah t these political braves, and there are many of them. British supremacy in South Africa will mean the opening up of the rich est land in the world. It will provoke a phenomenal boom. In Austia!ia, whurc times arc bad, many eyes are turned towards South Africa, and a multitude with muscle, money and ? n terpiise will cross the oceaD and per manently settle in South Afrioa. Can Australia afford to lose these men. Most assuredly she cannot. A boom in South Africa will mean the biggest and heaviest blow this country «vev received. It wi|l be remembeaid how the Eastern Colonies suffered through the exodus to West Australian gold fields. But the departures were not bi-yond onr shoreB The meD, too, re turned in large numbers. Sooth Africa is three weeks steaming from Sydney, and the chauces are that only a percentage will return. Prosperity in South Africa will certainly not tend towards progress in Australia. Solicitor W. T. Griffin, a brother of the lamented Major who loBt his life in South Africa, haB consented to stand for Gundagai at the next general election; Mi* Griffin is a son of the late Gold Commissioner Griffin who died Suddenly at Molong a fevr years ago: Sydney is scared over the renewed outbreak of the abominable plague'. It has been traced to the West Sydney wharves; the oldest portion of the oity, and an ideal breeding place for disease This section of Sydney may yet have to be destroyed by fire. Poet Henry Ltlwson proceeds tti London shortly having booked a pas snge for himself and family bv M'ay of South Africa. By the way, Henry' is once more a father. He now boasts of a boy and a girl. Good luck to this bright young Australian who found literature a poorly rewarded p'lirSdit ;n Australia'. His success in London, however, is already assured for he has many engagements to fill. The Attordey-Gcnetal has refused to file a bill against Samuel Sugden, arrested &t; Cumnock some time ago and committed for trial at Orange for alleged rape on Elizabeth Birdye Clarke at Millthorpe, iu October last. Tbe Minister for Agriculture is ar ranging to send a big consignment of fruit to Sonth Africa for wounded and invoiid troops. Trooper MorriB, of the Singleton Lancers, is the first Anttralian recom mended for the Victoria Cross in con nection With the present war. Of course this is not true, bat it is rough on the Early Closing Bill : A man was trying to sell a dog in a cer tain town tbe other night when the sergeant came np aud tapped |him on theshouider, saying : ' Yon had better leave that business till t0-moifow ; its after hours now.' Tyring! If your wheels are in need of repair, call and see D. Simon. Latest appliances. Staff of com petent meu on, including painter and trimmer. Mr E. H; Tipper, Tabratong, via Dandaloo : ' For fonr months I vas unable to open my eyes of a morning, caused by matter ruuniug ffoni them; my eyelids were also very sore. I consnlted Mr. Rose, and after only one day's treatment I was able to open them {without bathing. I am well known on the whole of tbe Northern line, also on the Richmond River, and to all who suffer from any affection of the eyes I would Etrongly advise them to try Rose's Celebrated Eye Lotion. Sold by all chemists and storekeepers tlironghont the colony. 