ON DIT Thai Lord Hopatoun was the most po; clar Ctovamor Vtctoria has bad. That ha discounted io an entirely satisfactory mannar all tbe calculations which had bean previously made on *h« score of his youth and inexperience. Thai it is a curious fact, and one worth recording now. that when Lord Angaeius Laftas w&« appointed Governor of Hew Soath Wales, 90 r “ ; years ago rumor had it that ha waa to be tbe first Governor-General of -*?* Australia. That even then Federation was in the air. That tbe reputation cf Lord Augustus as a Rnrn>if&n; diplomaiiet gava him great pres ;ge, ani bis Auetraliau career ir*g iGoktd forward to with unusual interest. That it was aocuwhat of a blank disappointment. That of Lord HopalouD, from wbom so little was expected at first, bids fair to be qoiie the reverie. That tbe speed of 48 miles an boar* which ha* been attained by tbe new torpedo-boat destroyer V>p»r, ie but the natural outaome of the develop, ment of the turbine system of propulsion. That tbit was invented by Mr Parsons* end on the Turbinia, which be turned oot cf the Tyne Shipyard three year* ago, a speed was reached of 84} knots. That u wee felt thtn that muob greater Ttfuli would be obtained in ths future. That ibe bopi tvant. That it ie not, however, to be b..n justified bj th. imagined that thiogs vrfU stop at that That it ie believed that a apeed of 80 knots au hour may yet be attained by the use of gleam turbines. That 40 knot* an hour seems to ba a respectable enough rate at which to travel ihrtngh the water. That if the system could be applied to our mail steamere we could well iff;rd fo leave it at that~for a time at all events. That by the turbine system of propulsion a steamer averaging 40 knots would cover 1100 miles a day, and bring us within 11 or 12 days of Londoni I'ha1. the Feitral Parliament will hare le frame its own ru for debate, ibat one of ’he first ma'ters to whieb it wil1 have tc give attention will be ibe manner ic which members are to address one icother. That it wiii be qui'e impossible for tha man from the £tce-y River to carry is his head tbe electoral title of the member lor Tbarg- xaiadah. That therefore (he Federal Parliament will Lfeie u ,1'uccb out in a new departure in tha w»y of ditninclion— rew >o AuFtreiia, but old in America. That :g seme Lei.)‘i'a(ive Council* tha President rslit upon the '‘ Hon Mr Biank.'1 That fcr the Federal Parliament it will probably be “ Senator Brown" and " Representative Jones," witboat any refrrencr to CwUPtilaencres. ! That ’be recent discc-siou in reference to thr prevalence of tc ^ p stealing in ibis colony erected pome interest. That ittnrnecut to have been a case of aiitmm^DBe volom- of smoke from a mire spark of firr, Ihat during 1699 '.lie Lumber of sheep rfpoma to tbe police as milting was 1131. hat ot these 284 w>-re either found or accoontrd for, ieavt»g 647 missing, ihat mi there arc 1.493,638 sheep in the c iojii the percentage missing is *nO06.'rr 1 in 1768. i"h*t th- pis’oralietr may fairly regard thi- as an absolutely by minimum leakage. That the act of tl.e committed of tha Ornithological Boc.e'.y ti. presenting Lady Dodds will; a cccvy yesterday was a graceful one. That the cace was decorated witk red, wkn», -: d biue ribbone. That with each surrounding* the ornery should sooe be ab:e to warble ’• hoiairn of ibe Quean" without snv tuition. That thr ghost r.uisanee in Hobart is not i. n-.velty. That !'• will be cowtinaed until aomeoue is made au example of- That in rrdtr to etrmp it out once aof for *.* Mr Commissioner Richardson sU.'uid ewrat in 60 ipecial constables f. r jecrrtservice, lhai if ti-ic coursa is quietly adopted “ the 1'hoat" will soon be plaoed io a secluded spot where he can indulge in spiritualistic revelations to his heart's ©octant. rh«t the Patterson episode shows how easily and by what congenial meant a men may pose as a hero to )tboie who happen to live sufficiently far off. . , a That no question of principle t* involved in the hoo gentlemen’* action. That h* admit* that (he Government can* not undertake tbe construction of the railway to the West. That he has no parlioular objection to syndicates, but insists apparently that thtBe shall be approved of by a select eommitee of bosses. That the honorable gentleman's logic in defence of his opinion is as lamentably weak as his coastruotion figure* were astounding. That both the lo.ic and figures may, of course, be sound and accurate. That tbe pity of it is that they are so far above tha ordinary run of intelleot that hardly anyone can understand them. That tne Premier of New Zealand has ever poied as a believar tn tha philanthropic and philoaophio theory of tbe greatest good for tha greatest Dumber. That io his case, however, as in that of many other patriots, it would teem to hare its qualifications. Tfaat;iolicilude for tbe “ greater cum- her" is apparently not wholly divorced from internet of a very practical kind in number one. That consequently we hear of a Bill introduced by Mr Beddon for the inerease of the Governor's salary, and also the salaries of Mioieters. That the disinterested Premier, of eoarie* head* the lie! as regard* th* prespeoiive addition* to tbe Mioiitenel inevmt. That doubtless this is mere!/ te conrsge others, eod not from hankering after vulgar pelf, ■nj That (be modest rise contemplated U the Premier's own case is from £ 100© to £ l760ayeaii while his colleagues, instead of £800, would receive £1260 eaoh. That the members of tbe House ol Representatives consider theeoheme a trifle too progressive. That it ooeun to them that the free and independent people .will think that legislative gentlemen - vrbo can financially appraise themselves to sueh a tun tare somewhat costly. Tint th. ptopl. m*T not only » g “ 4 th.m *• d*u «t tha p n e , bat M t»in* ia • n rj but w*7 to •* dou at oar pnoo. 