ANGLO-AUSTRALIAN NOTES. [From our Special CbiTespornieiu.] LONDON, December 29. Tlie sum of £75 remitted to England by "Unele Hairy;' from "The RegisterOffice as a contribution from the South Australian "Sunbeams"' served 'to provide 1,500 "waifs and strays" of humunity in the East-End of London with a bountiful meal. Tlie feast wtts given in the People's Palace, Mile- En d-read, and the arrangements were efficiently carried out by Mr. John Hark, Secretary «£ the Rugged School Union, with the assisLance of a little army of willing workers. As !the iiall could not l>e obtained for December 28—the colony's anniversary day —the banquet took pi.ice on the nijiht of the 27rii. The provisions set before the youngsters combined quantm' and qu-.i&y;, and they h:id u glorious time. Full credit was given to 'the "Sunbeams" and their Wirm- heartcd leader lor their gracious tilioughtfulne-a. Through <i misunderstanding, Dr. Cockburn. whose attendance h:ad been promised by Mr. Kirk, wa.s not pre' sent; und apologies for absence were received from Mrs. L'hamberlain, "Ed mi Lyell," G. 11. Sims, Sir 11. M. Stanley, and many others, why sent voitiial greetings., and spoke in highly complimentary teims of the generous donors of the repast. Sevel'Ji of the London papers publish appreciative accounts of the proceedi ugs. The Imperial Government is still being subjected to the severe criticism even of its l'riends for its dilatoriness in replying to the tender of further troops by some oi the colonies. A correspondent of the "Morning Post" calls attention to Sir Wilfrid Laurier's remark that "at length'" the offer of Canada has been accepted as being a well-deserved rebuke- to the British authorities. He goes on to observe that "there ought to have been a plan of campaign cut and dried in 'the War Office, and kuown in part to the Intelligence Department of every colony, to the effect that in certain conditions the colonial forces would be required to do battle for the mother country at a moment's notice. We ought, indeed, to be able to mobilize the colonial troops, regular and irregular, just as quickly as our home forces." Whether this idea will be endorsed by the Australian and Canadian Governments is, of course, open to grave question. l't is one thing for them to volunteer assistance, but quite another thing' for them to be jilaced under an obligation to supply soldiers for British wars. The writer continues:—"The present crisis has awakened Do-wning-street to the fact that we have an Empire of soldiers ready and willing to come to the assistance of their motherland at any time and at any cost." As bearing upon this question, reference may also here be made to a letter from Mr. Arthur H. Loving, Hon. Secretary of the Imperial Federation Defence Committee, in the "Daily News." Tlie writer expresses liimself as being greatly delighted with a speech delivered in the Canadian capital by the Chairman of Directors of the Ottawa Bank, and comments upon it thus:—"When the President of the largest financial institution in tlie capital goes out of liis way to state not only that the Dominion of Canada ought to contribute to the maintenance of the Royal Navy, but also that it is well able to do so, we may be sure that action in this direction is not far distant. The adhesion of Canada," Mr. Loving—who had already given credit lo other colonies for contributing to the maintenance of tlie Royal Navy concludes, "will complete the first step towards federation. The colonies will have shown that they are willing to share in the burden of Empire. It will remain for the people of the United Kingdom to give them a voice in the Councils of the Empire." Mr. Ijouis Diehl, the composer of "Jack's ycrn" and o,ther popular songs, has set to music a poem written by Sir Donald Mc- Farlane (brother of Mr. Allan McFarlane, of Souiii Australia), for tlie "Daily News," in praise of "Our Colonial Contingents." The composition, whk-h is to bear t'ae title or ".Sous of tlie iimpire" is being published by Messrs. Ashdcwn. _ In pursuance of their usual tactics Irish demagogues in the United States are considering -how they can turn to, -account ihe piesant situation with a view of embarrassing Canada. "Reports from all parts of the country," says .the "Daily Mail's" New York correspondent, "state nSiat the Clanna-G'ael and other Irish Societies are holding seirej. meetings, at which they plot hostile action against England. Several Irish agitators, intimate that the Fenian movement may be revived by an attempt to start an uprising against British rule in Canada. The Ancient Or.:er of the Hiberhcld a larjre .licoting at W.Y.v^er, Massachusetts, yesterday, when their President, Mr. Ncimaii, said in a spcech,'Canada bj invaded. The money and the recruits re all ready. A secure time to strike will ba when the troops have been withdrawn and the forts are manned by half-hearUd .Canadians.' On a canvass Liing taken, every mail present voted for a volunteer invasion of Canada. If they are called, representatives of t'-.e leading Irish Societies will meet a-t Omaha next Sunday to fonnnlat.e plans for helping the Bceis and for inaugurating a national movement 'against England." It may be added that tlse State Departinents iu Washington do i;ct give the slightest credence to the reports' of this movement, and thai the British Minister in the United States has not deemed it necessary to make any remonstrance against tlie alleged violation in this I articular, or in the recruiting of volunteers for service with the Boers. Detailed information resecting the vessel which is to be built for the purposes of tlx; German Antarctic Expedition has been given io the public. Tlie material used is to be wood, iir.d the sides of the ship are to be elastic enough to adequately yield to while resisting the pressure of the ice. In shape it is to be somewhat rounder than the Fram, and in order to add strengLh to the whole structure the middle part is to be nearly on the level of the water line. Provision, is also to be made to ensure protection against floating ice. Tlie length of the , vessel is to be 46 metres, thr; bre-idth between ten and eleven metres, and the draught five metres. The bunkers and holds are to be large enough to hold coals and stores for a three years' cruise, and there is to be aeeommbdatioii-for live scientific observers, five officers, and a crew of twenty men. The engines and boilers will be placed astern, and in the forecastle space will be found for fifty Arctic dogs. The ship, which is to be fitted with the electric light, and to be schooner - rigged, is to he ready for sea by the beginning of May, 1901. The work of buildins is to be carried out at the IIowaldt Shipbuilding Yard. 'the imblic has been notified that the publication of Stables's Australian Circuhr/' which has been issued month by month for forty years, is to be discontinued early in the New Year. Mercantile men will regret the disappearance of so uselul a record of exports. The Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company will, it is stated by th London Press, nix be in a position to dis- P-tcii -i.he completing section of -the third cable connecting Great Britain with South Africa until towards tihe end of January. This section is to be laid between St. Vincent -and Ascension, .and the task of jisying out the cable will probably occupy tv.elve diiys. At the earliest this t-hdrd aiternadve cable route to the Cape wil 1 not be in operation before -the middle of lebniary. Meantime the Government -have considered the possibility of both the present cables breaking d-s-wu, and they h'a.ve stationed a fast cruiser ait Ascension, so that in such an emergency messages can be taken from -Skat island to Sierra Leone, and then dispatchcd by the ordinary route to England: or, in the event of the West Coast cable being broken north of Sk-rra Leone, whilst the East Coasr route was also down, to take messages direct from Aseensi'jn to St. Vincent. This would mean a delay or at least four days even to Government despatches. Further proof is being afforded that Great Britain will have to look to her laurels in mercantile murine matters if she intends to maintain the -supremacy she has so long enjoyed. It is now asserted, churly on good uuthority, -that "the Norddeutsdhe Lloyd Steamship Company has purchased the fleet oi die Scottish Oriental Steamship Corporation, consisting of fourteen steamers, with a total registered tonnage of 20,942, and will continue the service now carried en by the latter Company between Bangkok, Singapore, Hongkong, and Sn- atau." It is added that "a -larger number of steamers wall, however, be employed, and the transit facilities will be increased." Telegrams (announcing tlie occurrence of destructive bush tires in Victoria and Tasmania l-c-ad st- iungely at this end just now when snow and frost and rain and fog seem all to be struggling for the mastery. Lately little or nothing has been lieai-J of uhe Im]>erial Institute, which, it is understood, is shortly to give up the ghost. Before making its final bow to the public, however, it is to be the scene of a unique display, to be known as "The English Education Exhibition." It is the intention of the promoters to have on view articles illustrative o) the history and traditions of education, including "a series of relics and antiquities, such as horn books, old geographies, and other school text books, portraits of famous masters, and distinguished scholars, rare and beautiful manuscripts, ar.d books from school and college libraries) foundation charters, and antiquarian treasures generally." The present system of education is "to be carefully and fully shown"' in the five main sections of elementary, secondary, and technical schools, and public- and private and other educational institutions." There are to be "photographs, models, pictures, drawings, showing the interior and exterior of the bnild- \- gpeciffiens oi examination papery exercise;-, composition (with the teacher correctionsl, as well as examples of st: dents' v. ork in design and artistic crafts and in science. There will also be representations oi' ii>e recreation and social life oi the school or college, including its military brigade. Even the school newspai>ers will be exhibited." The two great Universities and tlie old public schools have agreed to co-operate, and the original moral philosophy papers shown up by Mr. Gladstone the schools at Oxford will be displayed. During the Exhibition there will be lectures, conierenccs, meetings, and de monsiration lessons, and, altogether, arrangements have been made for gatherings likely to be memorable in the history of education. The Rev. W. II. Filcliett has become famous as -l writer of patriotic works. "Deeds that W on tlie Em]lire" and "Fights for the Hag are commonly spoKen of in the newspapers as books that have made a deep impression upon the public mind, and Jus latest excursion into the same field of litel-iturc, to which he has given the title of "How England Saved Europe: the Story of the Great War," is being most appreciate ely reviewed. Two out of the four volume*, which are to deal with the stirring and momentous iieriod in English — Mr. l'itchett evidently scorns the idc-a of using the phrase British — history, extending from 1793 to 1S15, have already <ip])eared, and the others are not -to be long delayed. The author has been particularly fortunate m liis choice of a time for giving these volumes to the world.. Admiral Cyprian Bridge has furnished nil elaborate and scholarly preface to Mr. F. W. Christian's work on "The Caroline Islands." He has evidently, during his stay on the Pacific and Australian Stations, been a keen observer and painstaking student cf the manners, customs, and history of the Polynesian races, and he relates interesting and even stirring incidents of South Sea island lii'e Mr. N. L. Jackson, in the Jan unuary numiew, ' has lier of the "Fortnightlv Revi< been discoursing upon "Professionalism ami Sport." He is very hard upon those who, while posing as amateurs, are, to ail intents and purposes, professionals, and suggests that there shall be "a division of the existing organization of sport into two classes—amateur and professional — each having the entire control of its own :if- Faii-s, with the appointment of a joint committee and a permanent President, to make or amend the law of the game, or to deal with any matters in which both sections are equally interested." In denouncing tlie sham amateur Mr. Jackson has a dig at Australian cricketers, whom he designates "those great offenders against the first principles of amateurism." The most gorgeous of all the pantomimes which the Christmas season has called into being, or rather revived in a .new: and pbe- allotted to her the part of leading boy, and one of the morning journals intimated on the day after the first performance that she "looked exceedingly wc-ll as Jack, and won; in the last scene the most wonderful and effective garment in the piece," although, for some unaccountable reason, "she did not herself sing the "Moonman.' " Alas' the reporter-who-wrote this was nil astray, for the other newspapers informed their readers that, owing to illness, the little Australian lady had been unable to appear. It must have been extremely annoying to Miss Stewart to have to stand out, but the cold which she had contracted rendered this course unavoidable. Mrs. Brown-Potter has attachedherselfto "The Empire," where she nightly recites in character and amid impressive military surroundings the thrilling patriotic verses entitled "Called to the Front. "M.A.P." gives this lady credit for being a "peace prophet/'" and in justification of the title relates the following:—".Mrs. Brown-Potter is very enthusiastic about a scheme that is now brewing and will be duly organized and started by certain well- known women. It is nothing more or less than u vast union of all English- speaking women the world over. It will 1>2 an active organization, with the avowed object of doing everything possible to maintain peace—in other words, to prevent war. Much has been said and written about the power of woman, and this will be an effort to exei't that power for the good of the world. An active crusade will soon be started with the object of enrolling members to the Union. Mrs. Brown-Potter, who is really eloquent on the subject, will be prepared to speak as often as she can. Sirs. Potter's realization of the needless horrors of war arises from the fact that during the impressionable years of childhood she lived in Louisiana, where she witnessed much of the awful suffering that took place during the American Civil War." The same paper refers lo "a moving scene" at Mrs. j.angtry's last matinee, for which the war was accountable. "There was quite a thrill of excitement when the) state of high nervous tension. Towards the close the tears ran down her face, and she finished the Jast lines in a voice choked with sobs. No explanation was given, but many surmised the truth, i.e., that her husband had gone to the front. As a matter of fact, she had bidden him good-by but- an hour or two before." "The Belle of New York," after baring had a run of between 600 and 700 performances. is to be withdrawn from the Shaftesbury Theatre to-morrow night. The aeteiminaticn to bring its career to a close has taken everybody by surprise, but Mr. Harry Musgrove explains that the sole reason for that determination is the growing evidence that its popularity is on the wane. Mr. Musgrove, it is alleged, has made his fortune out of the plav, and he is surely acting wisely in refusing to run the risk of losing even a portion of what he ha ained. Your old acquaintance, Charles Warner, who maizes 110 secret of his affection for Australia, has resumed his favourite im- personation of Coupeau in Chas. Reade's emotional drama, ' Drink."' His patrons are as numerous and as appreciative as ever. 