THREE LITTLE MAIDS. BY ETHEL TURNER. (Mrs. H. R. Curlewis.) PART II.—SCRIBBLING DAYS.. CHAPTER XIX.—GWENDOLEN TRE- YAIJJON AND A SOLDIER BRAVE AXD TRUE. * 'Some Hank verse and blacker prose. And more-erf both any one knows." 60 every one took up their usual evening employment. Cliff and Mrs. Wise played chess in the drawing-room, and Ted in a quiet corner not far away buried himself in a book. In the d®ang-roam Alf and Richie and Weenie, when it could no longer be postponed, got cut their books to prepare their home lessons, am^ <£he two latter, as a cusfcomaryprelimiiiary, played "Breach ami Knglish" on their slates, until Pbyl hearid the telltale sound of "I've got a gun," "Two tents now," "Hurrah, all my men have legs!" "tihot—t—t," and unkindly separated them. Alf with his fingers in his ears wrestled with the onus of proving that "the aingles. at tihe base of an isocles triangle are equal," and occasionally refreshed himself by telling Phil interesting antidotes about rat-catching fox-terriers. uolly, with a great bundle of books and papers, retreated up to her bedroom, for real wort in that room was an impossibility. She pnt on a jacket against the faring cold, and she lifted the jug and basin and soapdish off the washstand. It was a very roomy old washstand with a marble top, necessarily concealed by a toilet-cover, for its whiteness was for ever seamed with irregular veins of ink. It bore also dabs of Prussian blue and sepia and vermilion, testifying to the fact that Dolly sometimes forsook the pen for the brush. Indeed, Bolly^s energy from the age of sixteen to eighteen was a thing to "wonder at. Phyl went on more quietly, reading, writing, helping in the house, teaching Freddie. But Dolly pursued everything.' "The Girl's Own Paper" was her stimulating friend at the time, and she was always bitten to try every experiment or suggestion it gave. Thfre was a time when ginger jars and old bottles painted various colours, and with strange excrescences upon them, were foisted by her on the rest of the family as ornaments for the different rooms. That was when the articles on "Imitation Barbo tine Pottery" were running. Even Freddie was interested in this craze of Dolly's. It was pleasant to see her bring an old bottle into the house, after persuading Cliff to knock half the neck off very neatly, and to "watch it being painted in delightfully melting shades of blue. And the next day's work was always absolutely fascinating. Putty was obtained from the glazier's —Freddie always went to buy it himself— threepenny worth. Dolly used to knead this, roll it and make it smooth with water, and then with sharo bite of wood cut out strange leaves and flowers. Sometimes she made berries by squeezing little puttyballs in a mosquito net: Freddie loved this. This vegetation was with much pains made to adhere to tbe bluebottles and ginger jars, and then painted over. The effect was quite handsome—until a week or two's time or Freddie's itching fingers made the excrescent spiky leaves and sprays crumble off and leave white patches. When articles appeared on "The Difficulties of a Young Housekeeper, and Sow She - Overcame Them," Dolly was ever to be found in the kitchen labelling all the store bottles with immaculate labels, making 'Tairy Butter," 'Thatch Scrambled Kggs," and trying to persuade Mary to cook potatoes after a newmethod. She started a museum, a eolleoton of skeleton leaves, a burii house; she wheedled Cliff into mating 'her an easel, and she bought big sheets of Bristol board—canvases were too expensive—and painted away with green and yellow pigment in dabs on her pink cheeks, at Red Riding Hoods and CSnderellas "whose anatomy would have made an artist shriek, lurid sunsets, seascapes, with strangely shaped boats sailing full in fee wind's eye. She -bad a music craze, and in a month gave the piano more work thaji dfoe usually did in a year. She decided to learn to sing, and when the boys were all away. pivactii=ed vocal exercises from a book of her mothers until Phyl and Mrs. Wise took to sitting in the orchard to be out of the sound. Sometimes Mrs. Wise grew rather anxious. "Everything attempted and nothing done," she said to her husband. "What sort of a training for Iher?" But the doctor tiiought nothing of it. "It is only youthful effervescence," he said; '"more of it, psrhap-s than most girls have. Before long she will settle dowu and put her whole Tbeart into some one thing." At the present time she ought to have been putting her whole 'heart into her examination, whic/h. loomed close, but she merely placed 'her Cicero and her Eucsid and "The Essay on Man" in a. stack op che washstand to be in readiness Wiheii she could spare time, and fell to covering sheets of exercise-book paiper with the woes of one Gwendolen Trevallion. And her spirits, saddened at the news about Alf, caused her to drown Gwendoline with detail and gloom, and many harrowing last words. Next week when the piper came out the impressionable ones among the sdhool girls would weep at the sad end of the heroine, wiwjse chequered career tiiey had followed in very short Chapters for months. • And but for Alf she might have bein left alive to pursue her adventures indefinitely. But Dolly also wept as she wrote; the tears invariably ran down her cheeks when, she was engaged in killing any one, but she never flinched from a detail of the death on that account. "And now," sbe wrote, when the evening waxed late, and she knew a eertein. number of those lesson-books must at all events be looked at, "now at length Gwendolen wjs left alone—alone wit-h death. Yes, she could deceive herself no longer: before the man oould lay down Ermentrude, for whiom she had given «her life, and swim hock to her thrcach tne voracious, clamouring sea" -—(it need hardJy be srjid -that Gwendolen had gone to save Erraenti-ude, who had ventured on to a dangerous port of the coast and was cut off by the tide)—''the waves would be dashing hi^h. abo've "the narrow ledge where she stood, and she would be 'where the wicked cease froni troubling, amd the weary are at rest.' for death it seemed. She was clad in a simple white muslin dress, her deep violet eyes with their long sweeping black laches looked like frightened star% her 'hea-vy golden waves of hair blew out with the wind" (any ones hair but Gwendolen's would have been ivet, seeing she had been in the water), "and seemed to make a halo for her face. No cry of anguish rose to her sweet white lips as the last wave rolled up for its victim, . . . a holy solemn light shone in her eyes; already The scales of this dim earthly vision seemed falling from them, already she seemed to see beyond the veil—the veil white Death alone can lift. "The advancing wave rolled up and broke . . . sweeping over the rock, shooting its spray high into the air and retreating, leaving the ledge vacant. Gwendoline was gone . . . gone to a fairer heritage than earth . . . gone home. * i Freak, breafc, break. On thv cold arey stone?. O sea! And I would that mv ion^ie could utter The thoughts that arise in me. And the stately ships go on To their hav.-'n under the hill: But O for the touch of a vanished hand. And the sound of a voiec tliat is still! •Neither Phyl nor Dolly would have dreamed of ending a story of any kind without some favourite verse; there were even times when the end of the story shaped itself so that a (airtieular verse might be worked in. Downstairs, just after the dinner things had been cleared away, Phyl had looked at IVeddie, and Freddie looked at PSiyl. I wonder," was Phyil's thought, shame in her heart at having neglected his studies so badly during the day, "I wonder if I could coa>" him to do some parsing now to make it up." And Freddie had quaked heneaiSi ber blue considering eye. "I'm in foe- it now," he thought to himself. "Whf.t are you going to do to-night, Freddie?" she said, ami actually stroked his round little head. Freddie kept his head very still under her hand, but stole an amazed .glance at her through his eyelashes—the affectionate diminutive of his name, and a caress. "Oh," he said in 'his kindest and most hearty little way, "I thought Fd just do a bit of geography for you. Phyl dear, I don't know my capes very well, do I?" And he actually sat down without much ado and committed them to memory, to Phyl's deepest astonishment. Just before 9 she went upstairs to Dolly, her old tin hatbox in her hand. "There's that essay of mine on *MoraI Rectitutde,'" she eaidi, "that will fill a column." "O'h, yes," Dolly said, 'Td forgotten that, and I liked it very much." She took the closely written, sheets from her sister and glanced through them,, deep admiration on her face. Phyl had of late after a somewfaat severe course of reading Hnslrin, Elmerson, and JIarcas Aurelrus, abjured story-writing for a time, and fallen to oomposi&sr; instead e=says on high and ab-; etruse subjects. T3iey were written in a very lofty strain, contained as many quotatioEs as she con Id possiWy put in. and mre. foil of moral reflections. "But you said you'd write a poem boo," said i£he ever rapadons htde editor. Phyl had beta, on the stafrof fee paper until"a year ago, when she left rchcol, and she was still always pressed iinx> the service to jielp to fill up "yawning c-oiumna, for the body of school-girls very very selJora furnished any •work, and the editor and staff were often hard puslhed for material. Phyl produced her poem, not willfooui anxiety on her face for her sister's opinion; they criticised each other very fraufcly, these two, and hard truths often flerw, though on frequent occasions they yielded ea«Si other the warmest admiration. Dolly read the many vers frpw^ing at the end. "Oh, Fhsd, its beiutifnl!" she said; "it's the very best thing you've done — oh, PhyK" ' And Phyl herself had had a sacrct idea that it was a masterpiece. Tihe poem was a soldier who Hasped a fair maiden in his arms in anguished fbrewell, itbfin "Esftt to his saddle prest— Away o'er the grasy plain, far away thro' ibe stilly air. Away from all that was lovdv, away from all that was fair. The maiden of course languished through several verses. Indeed, a,11 the schoolgirls would have been quite hurt had she stayed heaMuly alive'to welcome her lower back from his wars. ^Good-bye to sadness and sorrow! good-bye to parting and pain. Oh, welcome to deajJi." she cries, "which binds ' us together again." And the soldier at last comes Fpurring back from the bottle only to find— 'Tis over, the hope and tbe love, tfcc dream of his earthly life. Sorrow lias taken his goblet up and filled it witb sorrow and strife. And cow a broken and saddened man bends over a grassv grave, "Hs but the ghost of the lever, the soldier so strong and brave. «©h, what are fame and glory?" cries be, in hiT5 anguish sore. "Oh, love, thou art all I care for, wilt tboo never come back to me more?" And the river, tbe silent river, flowing onward into tbe sea. And the willows bending and waving thro' tbe- air so sweet and free, Seem wbisE'ring low the story of the soldier 3ovaitd biave, Of the maiden true and tendo 1 —of tbe grasy, ing and brave, Of the end of fame and glory, of ricbes wbich-too soon rest, Of tire end of all things earthly—only the crumbling dost. How beautiful that poem seemed to them at the time! Perhaps nothing either of them ever wrote in after years afforded them Euch exquisite satisfaction. Dolly glowed all over with pride in her sister and pride in herself that she should have so beautiful a poem for her beloved paper. And at Dolly's praises the modest poetess exulted more and more; she even had a rapt vision before she slept that night, a sweet Httle volume, in willow green, entitled '"Sea Fancies," or "Rose Petals," bearing on its front page the words "ByPhyilida Rankin Conway," and on the next, "'Dedicated to my sister, Dorothy Rankin Conway." From the window as she stood up to reach her school-books Dorothy saw tbe doctor's silent flying figure come down the moonlit road, and three minutes later there came a dull sound of the bicycle's wheels along the verandah. Both girls instantly laid down paper and pens and went down-stairs. CHAPTER XX—THE "GERMAN SAU- SAGE" LAND. "No pretence To intellectual eminence Or scholarship sublime." The dining-room was in an uproar, and it was to be feared nobody's home-lessons were well-done. Weenie had had a map of Europe to do; she also had recently expended the sum of a shilling on a box of coloured crayons. As a natural result she had devoted a hare live minutes to an unrecognizable outline of the Continent, and spent the rest of the evening in making a Joseph's coat of it. "The "boys aU insisted in having a voice in the selection of colours. Weenie had considered pink would look well for France, seeing she had coloured the Channel and Bay of Biscay a deep indigo, and Belgium and Holland two shades of green. But Alf, fresh from "A Tale of Two Cities," insisted it mnst be dyed incardine. "But I've done Spain red," objected the artist. "Rub some Hue over the red, then," Alf said. "Purple is the right colour for Spain; the people there always have purple eyes and hair." So Weenie selected the most brilliant among her reds, and made France lurid. Italy, by unanimous consent, was blue, a paler tint than tiie sea. Germany, Richie contended, must be coloured to resemble German saugage, that being, as he said, the chief export of the place; so great pains were expended with dark crimson and dabs of white. "Wei! at a^l events we'll do Russia pink,"' Weenie said, eager to cover all that great expanse with the salmon-coloured stick, which worked more easily than the others. But All would not suffer this either. "No," he =aid, "it's goit to be yellow— thick of all the convicts there." And Weenie had to be eonKanlt, for Norway and Switzerland to be tbe onJy ooantries blnahimg delicately. •"Why." Hfchie, '"there's a pretty map! She's forgotten Greece altogether, and she's got no Black -Sea in at all, and all her Germany and. Austria are not as big as Belgium!" Wieenie looked vexedly ait tie place Greece should have occupied. "1 always forget tihait horrid lit tie place,** sbe said. "Stick it in for me, A-lf- you do it more neatly tha/n I." So Alf performed upon the briHiamt map. He w-as rather quick with his lingers, and he introduced the song so skilfully- one could not have guessed it had ever been missing. Bat itian Weenie's handiwork led his lingers into temptation. She always enjoyed drawing Italy because it was like a leg, just as resemblance to a leg of multton made South A-mprica plca-samt and easy to omline. And eiFen tonight, while all the rest of Europe's lines were scamped, she had taken pains to give a shapely toe asid a high heel to the Gild of sunshine. What "wonder if Alf added a 'high boot with many green buttons and a green toecap? What wonder if his pencil ran north and added eyes, and, wtcere necessary, chinis to the months and noses Weeme intended to indicate Norway's blue fiords and -jagged promomifcories? Spain with a long-laahed eye placed just at Coimbra, a nodfcril added to the nose where Lisbon lies, and a black-poirated beard continued below Cape St. Vincent, personified itself, Bnd the "German Sausage Land," in tbe twinkling orf a cxayoo, "resolved itself I into a particularlv fat and solid-looking cat." But Weenie at the sightfc of the rain actaafly burst into tears. "There was a prize to be given it seemed for the best map, and she had felt so admirable a oohxo'-sehjeme as hers could not fail to win it. All the tone sbe was puftHicg in the Ural Mountains and the Alps with Dolly's fi finicking little lien ehe was imagining a scene in school in which the bead teacher stood up and said, "Prize for "the best workmanghip as displayed in map of Europe, Wilhtiimna Coaiwav." And no thai Feline Fatherland! Alf looked quite dismayed, for Weenie was wot in the least given to tears. "I never thought you'd mind," he said; "you never care bow many blots you. have. I'm awfully scwtv, old girl. Here, you pay me out—you scribble all over this blessed Euclid I !had to do for old Bromrnlow," and he held out the problems he had worked. Bat the meltihod he proposed appealed to Weenie's humour, amd a little laugh babbled out amidst the teans. "No," she said, "that wouldn't do me any good. Come here and I wifi scribble on you." Alf, relieved'"ait i herfe,yertedrwTathi promptly presented his face, aod she gave hi® green eyebrows, a red tip on his nose, and a moustache of ultramarine. Of course that made a clown of him, and he treated them extempore to various antics and witticisms brought home from a circus. Phyl come m at the door just as he finished walking round the table on his bands. '• Alf." she said, aind there came a choking little sound m her vodce as sbe looked at his hapipy face, "doctor amd mother want you in the drawing-room, dear." Alf did not notice her voice, nor Richie's drooped jaw, nor Weenie's startled air of sudden remembrance. "Stand dear of the cu.ng*vay, then," he cricd, and Phyl moved hastily aside in time to allow ham tx> make his esit taming brilliant Catherine-wheels through the door, across the passage, and, with a skilful twist, right into the drawimg-room. In the dining-room nobody spoke for a long time. Dolly went to the window and stood looking out at tihe willow-trees and grass; aird once she broke the si lance by laughing in a queer little way, for Jingo tiw.s on the path engaged in tearing an. «d sock to bits, and ouee -he tossed it up in the air amd tried to catch it on hid nose the way Alf taught him to caibch lumps of sugar. Richie went to Dolly's ^ide to look also, and they put. their arms round each ot'her for comfort- as they stood waiting. Phyl presently picked up the geographybook. "Be saying your gulfs, Freddie," she said. Buit when Freddy, also distraught, made the grave statement thfc).t the Gulf of Carpentaria, was the chief gulf in Victoria, and Broken Bay was the harbour of Perth, she allowed it to go uncontradicted. Clif and Ted were in the room, too, now. "Poor little beggar!" Clif said, and puffed vigorously at h's pipe. ("here came a quick clatter across the passage, and Alf burst into tiheir midst . Bj -was an hoar befone be came bade. Be /^Iked into them then, very slowiy. TTig eyes -^re swollen, half the poor blue moostacfae was washed away, and the red tip of tbe nose up longer startled, for all dhe face was puffy and reddened. Phyl keged to console, bat daro mot •endanger that brittle fontstode. KhJe did not know that the tears TOESt • .....UPifr doWU her chaeks as fast as thev were down DoJly^s, w&o; was holding up Rjchie'a French exercise-book to hide tfiffm . "WeJl, old chap," said Gbf. ''Are yon going?" said Weenie, breath- ogain with eyes blaring wrathfully under their green, blows, aud the blue moustache twiltchiiiff with tire of his face. "1 -vron't," he said stormily. "Don't yon imagine I'm going, any of you. No Germanics for me, thank you. If you want their dirty money co yourselves, all of you." "Wish 1 had tfee chance," Ted said- "You don't know when you're well ofi, Alf. Hone of ns ever had such a Whance of education.*' "Jidacatioa!" little Alf fairly snorted with wrath- "As if I don't get enough now with old Brownkw" to make jne sick of everything. Here I'm about as stu&d; up with therr beastiy latin and Euclid as I can be, and jwm wau& to-ehate oome mace on. me." "Weld, think of -the pleasure- derived from rolling in money," said CliL '"'You'll be the important person of tbe family, Alt; we shall all take our baits off to you. when we meet yon." . , ,„ Td rather roll m mndi sari the fierce, small youth. "Sixpence a meek-'s all I want —you wouldn't «hink the Pater 'ud grudge 'Hie doctor came behind' him aad laid a cpriiet hand on his shoaliar. "Alf," he £a^W—^woridn'ttfiinkyou'd'g—g—grndgeme srxpcnce a week," blubbered Alf, struggling a»ay and his fist eo rapidly across his adhamed eyes one green smeared half-way down his cheek. "AK," said the doctor again, and Alf, locking' up, found ieans alsp in the keen faiheriy eyes. . "Pbe fierce yomtg muscles qmetened, djs head dropped. , "G" g 'grudge me-e—s—sixpence, be reipeatedr .&£ tears gushing out in self-pity. His farther pot an arm round his shonMer and led him out very quietly. "S—s—s—sixpence," tbey heard the sobbing voice repeating jnst as the drawingroom door closed again. Alf stock his hands deeper than ever in Iris pockets. "Coarse I am," he*sasd jeatBy. "Thai's salable, old Mlow," Clif said; "of omsse it's a wrench, bat you'd be the first to blame ithe Ifeter if he Jet you lose tbe chamce now." "0!h, would I?' saad tebtle Alf. Tie fit of coughing that foil owed accounted, of course, for the fresh tears in bis eyes. "I'd give myr-ery headito be in your place," sighed Ted. It <3ra£ed his spirits to timsc of the German Umveraities, and libraries, (travel, mixing "with dever men, being wasted on this unwilling young Goth, "while he must go hungary for Stem all his days. "I'd give—your bead—too," was little Alfs answer, made staccato for safety. "Bat you reaflyarea lucky yoong dog. you know," Clif said; "a fortune bo your hand two fortunes perhaps! I wish I'd had a chemirimic eonle, Alf, and a loveenrl, and eyes of bine when the old gentleman atud the little wisp of a ladv came along." "Iiook here," said Alf, and he got up and tumbfed his heap of boobs as usaal into the book-cupboard, "I've promised the pater I'll go, but I've got another momitih to have fun in, and if amy one speaks to me about •that dirty German sausage plaice 111 fight him." Then they separated for bed. 