LITERATURE, THE RISE OP BTJBSIA* Vs i;,r as most English readers are con L-iiied tile (lawn of Russian history iB lost j" ilic mists. The reign of Peter the Great towards the close of the seventeenth cen tury marks to tliem the emergence of modern Russia from ancient Muscovy. But this ih an arbitrary divisional line, leaving DU( oi account other more important mile stone in the history of the great Slav em pire. The coming of the Rusb-Varangians under Kurik and his brothers, the found ing of Kievan Russia, the attacks upon the Jlyziintine empire, the struggles against the J,ituaitian princes tp the westward, the in road <>f tlie great Mongol horde from the Jvist. and tlie gradual process which made jloM ow ilie centre of the growing empire *von> u,c salient events of four centuries tio\nkd with intrigue and bloodshed. Mr. Hector Munro fills a gap by giving for the first time in English a connected, detailed account of this period. Tinu branch of the Slavonic family des tined to be tlie germ of the Russian nation inhabited during the early centuries a tract of north-west Russia, hemmed in on the north by the Finns, on the east and south by Turks and Avars- Novgorod, between lakes llmen and Uadoga, 'was their ventre, when in the latter part of the ninth century the Varangians descended from Scandinavia by invitation as restorers of order and leaders. Rurik did much to weld together his Scandinavian following and tlie Slavic elements under his rule; but a section of the Varangian adventurers soon struck southwards, and, establishing them selves at Kiev, began their raids upon By zantium. To Oleg, a blood relation of Kurik's, belongs the achievement of solidi fying the infaut dynasty. Left guardian of Hunk's child heir Igor, he marched south, and setting an ambush called the Kievan rulers, Askold and Dir, out to conference. He had with him an insignificant-looking lad, ami exclaiming, "This is the son of Rurik/' be gave the signal to his concealed men lor the massacre of the chieftains. Thus Oleg, whom Mr. Munro compares with Charles the Great, secured the crown oi Kiev, and during the rest of his reign lie not only turned his arms successfully against the Greek Empire, but kept tire lessly adding new districts to the Russian principality. The legend of liis death, after .")3 years of power, aptly illustrates the Mipemition of the times. "The soothsayers foretold tliat his death should be caused by his favourite horse, whereupon he had it led away and never rode it more. Years afterwards, learning that it was dead, he went tosee the skele ton, and placing his foot upon the skull taunted tlie warlocks with their miscarried prophecy, whereupon asnakewtiggled out and inflicted a bite, of which he died." Igor, who succeeded, came'to a fibre uolcnt end, yet his realm was visibly con solidating into a stable power. In his campaigns against the Greeks he endured heavy reverses without losing the power of lecuperation. Finally, despite the mys terious (ireek fire and all the supernatural "id supposedly at the eommand of the enemy, lie led his host/swelled by rovers from the shores of the Baltic, to a success which wrung terms from the Byzantine I'lnpirc. Igor met hk death afr the hands of bis owu tributaries, the Drevliang, the inhabitants of the forest country near Kiev. Foolishly consenting to lead his armed men for the exaction of an increased revenue from these "tree people'," they trapped him on his retreat, and executed 'mi by a hideous plan oftheir own. ' Two1 joung trees were bent towards each other "early to the ground, and»Igor having'beep .ouiid (o them, the saplu^a^vere allowed o spring back to. their 'normal position, eaders of Dr. Conan Poyle'a "JSxploit* , "'''gadier -Gerard" will fifid ttie same . evice credited to some .guerillas "in -the '-P'liiisli mountains at, the lifegmning of century. Olga,- die widow' of IgSr regent for hie heir, Sviatoslay, re used the murder by a, stroke of craft. ten besieging the Drevlians' town of i,n<J'."'st(?',» fil,e offered peace if each in* tant sent her a live pigeon qnd three l",S1?'row;s- The were f,q ,a Ulght' each w^th a)igfied brand rLii! ! l° 118 taU> thieir homing m roofl rt0T° themb<"& to the thatched a ])]az°> lv°ro8ten, which were quickly in ;l,ir.0w ^v-intoslftv, a true s^sHSEP* Sonh^ nf rilVal 'n ^e services at St Sophia. Olga, his grandmother, had in $?-£vr*«*>*?*Cta* him, and Vladimir's decision now turned B».w djamtelj. to tl,e E"stmi, instead of S. ' B"' * «t«4 Communion not as a peni ^bos^o/lO, C°DqUerr- Marchin« ^ith a uost on Kherson, he captured an arch bubop .worthy by r.olc to mi,rl "He dm.'Su! j T" ' ,orereie» Princes he demanded and obtained from Basil and wl?ni £?' J°J?t 0cc»Pants .of the Greek LTk , °W-1,,nd «' 'Mr sister, ,nd lnarr'ase might be con current ceremonies, and having thus at the annexed a b'Hde and a new religftwi, Vladimir effected the conversion of. his people with the same simplicity. Peroun, the mighty idol, with silver face and moustache of gold, was flogged with "Whips, and hurled into the Dneipner to vanish into the limbo "where the dead gods sleep." Russia was partitioned among a group of princes in the thirteenth centurv, when the "golden horde," as the Mongol host was called, swept over the land. Mr. Munro well describes the portent of dis asters which preceded them in the flight into Russia of the untamable tribes, only known hitherto in Muscovy as foemen. It was the wolf of the steppes, flying panting and trembling to lie down with the lamb. Genghis Khan, the "cormorant of con quest," had overrun Asia so pitilessly that according to Oriental statements between the years 1211 and 12*23 over 18 million human beings had perished in Chiua and Tangut alone at the hands of his Mongols. Yet the stern stuff the Russians were made of was proved by the desperate resistance they offered under Mslislav of Galitz. to this terrible enemy.. At the battle of Kalka in 1224 a Russian army of 80,000 men fought bravely, only to be scattered at last like chaff before the exulting Mon gols. Only to the strange instinct of the conquerors, which drew fliein eastward again, did Russia owe her release from an invasion that might have permanently sub merged her. After spreading slaughter and desolation through the southern pro vinces, the Mongols returned to their Asiatic haunts as suddenly as they came. Repeatedly the same disastrous storm was to break upon the Western kingdoms, and the author truly says that not for many centuries could Russia shake off the Ori ental influences which the Mongol visita tions imposed upon her. Vet, as her history testifies, the power of recuperation was never wholly crushed out. The subject is too large to be followed in detail, but the author of this work gives a graphic account of the cruelties of the first Tsar Ivan Groznie (the Terrible) [in the sixteenth century, and of ' that curious figure in history the "phantom iTsar" Dimitri, the one instance of an indubitable impostor who conquered and reigned. Of Ivan's sanguinary excesses the greater number were committed under pretence of disciplining the different cities of his realm into good behaviour. It is impossible to say what portion of liis cruelties is purely legendary, the product of the stark terror he inspired. His maternal grandmother was accused of sprinkling the streets of Moscow with a decoction of boiled human hearts, supposed to possess some mysterious inflammable quality, and many of the assertions against Ivan seem as wild. One Nikolai, half hermit, half charlatan, boldly charged him with feed ing on human bodies. In the words of Sir Jerome Horsey, an adventurous Eng lishman who visited Moscow several times, this fanatic, bearding the terrible Tsar "with Imprecations and Exorcisnies, called him Blood-sucker and Devourer of Chris tian flesh, and swore by his Angell that hee should not escape death by a present Thunderbolt." Blood carnivals neverthe less continued common during Ivan's reign. He moved his "bed of justice" upon Nov gorod, "leaving an ugly streak of blood and desolation in its track." What the inliabitants had done is scarcely known, but houses and streets were filled with corpses, neither women nor children being spared, and even the roads leading to the city were strewn with dead. Moscow, the capital, was the scene of equal ferocities.! Here 18 gibbets and a large cauldron were! suspended over a glowing furnace, and the! 'ftAr led off the proceedings by slashing one offending boyarin over the face with his whip. The unfortunate noble was then bound, gagged, suspended by the feet, and hacked to pieces. Others, to the number of 200, shared hi6 fate, some being de spatched by alternate drenching with boil-, ing and iced water. Yet with all his savagery the Tsar Ivan maintained the re volting appearances of piety. As Mr. Munro puts it, "amid the glooin and stifled wiping the dread author of it all; the man ^ terror and blood and punishments, pro strates himself "daily in the holy places, bumping.liis forehead on the pavement be fore the sacred ikons." It .was but, retribution upon such a inoniirchthat he should experience the re morse bf having in a moment of blind? ape lilrft fitry murdered his own son. The slaughter of'Ivan's most capable chieftains did "not place Russia in better case to meet external enemies, and successive humilia tions w«ere inflicted upon her arins by the Pole* under Batovy, assisted by the Swedes. Young Ivan, heir of the Moscow linft, long a sharer in. his father's labours, jiii;as in his debaucheries, stung by. tfefe&e;'s success, pressed to be allowed to winy agafnst W»«. "Pole* .£ jsiiiBpicion-haunted old Tsar on: ,tfjiim»l November day it was the burst-; SSl^Vijp the dreaded summons, -'the muiiu^.generatioh tyocking at the dpo*; aftftiiied hiB"Son ^>f desiritig to supplant hina,'wildly struck at him wittal hia terrible iroiv-tipped staff. Boris Go dounov, ruslvinginto save the Tzarevitch", received most of the blows, but one had crashed upon the youth's head, which would never now wear the crown of all the Russias. The-beavy thuds suddenly ceased, and a wail of «nguish rang through the silent palace-'Unhappy me! I have killed my son!' The terrified attendants, rush ing into the chamber, found the wretched father weeping over the body of the dying Tzareviteh." The Boris Godounov here mentioned was first to act as regent, then to wear the crown. Dimitri, a puny prinoeling born to Ivan in the last months of his reign, was mysteriously murdered in the palace at Ouglitch. He was found with a gaping wound across his throat, and his mother and attendants still shrieking over the still warm corpse. But his ghost haunted the land for many a year. In the winter of 1603-4 reports began to be spread that the long mourned Tzarevitch was alive, and gather ing an army ? beyond the Lituanian border. Dimitri was said to have been smuggled from the assassins, and- another child killed in his place. Who the false Dimitri really was is an enigma never con clusively solved by history. But the gener ally accepted theory identifies him with an unfrocked monk, Grigorie Otrepiev. The King of Polland, and numbers of the Russ Lituanian princes believed, or professed to believe, in the impostor, and discontented Russians on the borders joined his stand ard. Boris, by encrgetic notion, checked the treason, and might have stamped it out, but this able Tzar, chosen from the great boyarin, died suddenly and mysteri ously. The cause of the false Dimitri sprang at once into the ascendant', troops flocked to tender him the oath of allegiance, and the pretender rode triumphantly into Moscow, under the banner of the two headed eagle. The mushroom monarch did not reign long, liia ways were not the ways of the Rurik rulers; the'Muscovites soon resented the freedom of the Poles and Kozaks who thronged the capital. A yelling multitude surrounded the Krenil one night, the pre tender was hunted through his apartments, and finally jumped or was thrown from a palace window to the courtyard below. The old Tzaritza, who had recognised the im postor as her son, now recanted; "the carrion that yesterday had been Tsar of all the Russias was dragged back to the Red Place, where naked and with a ribald mask upon its face, it was exposed for three days." Nevertheless, from the scattering of the false Dimitris remains to the winds there seemed to spring up a crowd of other phantoms. For years the tradition of his escape persisted, new Dimitris or descend ants of the old one arose, hosts marched, battles and sieges went on throughout the distracted realm, and men died by thou sands because a new pretender, man or myth, was in the field. 