A BURGHER OF THE FREE STATE. BY RUDYARD KIPLING. PART II. They had, of course, employed Kaffirs to hold horses, dig trenches, bring up food and ammunition, in extreme cases to cover an advance, and always to haul guns. The northern commandoes prided themselves on flicking the last ounce out of their teams. An exhausted black is easier removed from harness than a tired ox, and dies cheaper. But there remained one sin uncommitted compared to which the sin against the Holy Ghost is, in South Africa, a trivial blun- der. No responsible man contemplated openly putting the war on a direct black and white basis—calling upon the black to rise against the white. Much of the fighting had, of design, been pitched between Zululand and Basutoland, that the two races from the hills might learn which has the power to be feared. That and the raiding of the weak tribes was entirely fair, because all the world knew the English were using black troops from India and committing every horror. But Allen, who set up young Dessauer's telegrams, and had talked to a few priso- ners since October, did his own thinking by the imposing table while Gert set Basuto in leading bourgeois. Admitting all the charges against the English, the risk to the Federals from their own allies would be . . . . Allen thought of the outlying farm and shuddered. Then the shame of it struck him across the face. He did not believe in the Dutch treatment of the black; but that the black should be called in as an equal in this game—called in by bribes and sweet words—was an insult to all whites, and a mark upon the Free State no time could wipe out. "An' Brand was no true son o' the soil, Miss Frick!" He mopped his forehead. "First Bergmann an' the Bond; then the Transvaal an' yon heathen with the ba- boon's face; an' then the Basutos. We're doin' well. We're comin' on! We're gaun beggin' to the Basutos. If they rise— but why did they not rise before? They canna expect a Magersfontein every week o' the year. They've bitter score against us. What good 'un their help be? . . . . But if the English are usin' Goorkhas, why haven't the Eng- lish used Basutos? 'Fore God, I'd shoulder rifle to-morrow if they did! They had time enough. What's holdin' them? . . . . Oh, someone will go to hell for this." Gert pulled a proof on the roller press. Mechanically, Allen pulled another and stuck it on an old job file. He relit his pipe and turned out to think. A man on horseback, his ankle rudely bandaged, crossed the empty market-square gabbling to a policeman. "It stinks, it stinks, it stinks!" he cried, thickly. "Everything stinks. I have asked a hundred times for clean water. Get it." "Come back to the hospital! He has got fever. He has just run out from the hos- pital," the policeman explained to Allen in the starlight, overlooking the fact that hospital patients are not, as a rule, booted, spurred, or plastered with dry mud. "Hospital!" The man reined up sharply. "That is a lie. I have come from hell— from Cronje's head laager, in hell. They have all the guns in the world there, big and little—little and big. But they all stink. Cronje led us into hell! I came out on my belly when the guns stopped." "Yes, yes. It will be all clean in hos- pital. You are waking the people. Come!" The fevered wretch's fave puckered with terror. "You will only take me into an- other laager! Let me go. I will run! Tell me where to ride. For God's sake, where shall I ride? The veldt is alive with them—they are coming out of the ground. They are round the laager! Listen. Buk-buk-buk-buk," he quacked horribly, imitating the sound of a pom- pom; then, wrenching his horse free, fled at a gallop across the stale dust. "Run! run! run!" The shouts died away by the railway station. "What is it?" someone called from a hotel verandah. "A typhoid man escaped from the hos- pital," the policeman answered. "But what did he say about Cronje?" another voice demanded. "Oh, he wanted to go and help Cronje shoot rooineks—a true patriot, even when he has fever." The policeman mounted and cantered after his patriot. "It does not coincide wi' the telegrams. The man's right. It all stinks—o' lies," thought Allen. When he reached his roses, the Free State was poorer by the loss of one burgher. Next day he set up telegrams describing a large capture of mules by Cronje. The wire came from Pretoria. That afternoon Miss Frick complained pettishly that the police would not let people go up to the Old Fort Hill to watch Kimberley light. Then came by, very drunk, and this was remarkable, Dick Morgan, usually irre- proachable habits, who had wool-interests in the town, and till that hour had walked discreetly. His tie was under one ear, his hat was battered out of shape, and his hairy legs strayed all whither ove the pavement. He sat on the steps of the post- office, smiling at he police and the woman who expected telegrams. "Shay, you bloomin' Dutchmen," he hiccuped, "Kimberlish relieved! Kim- berlish relieved! No; you don't 'rest me for talkin' dispeckfully your dam oxsh- wag'n Government. Bobbish comin' here! Bombard whole bolin'. G'way, you nasty ugly Zerp! Ev'rybody Bloemfontein knowsh me! Given up wool-bushnesh. Housh- agent now. "Take care any man man's housh while he goes temp'rily Pretoria. What offersh? Yah!" He resigned himself smiling to the em- braces of the agitated Zarps; but his words, coming on the heels of many whispers, curdled the crowds as rennet curdles milk, and they drew together discussing and sur- mising between the ox-carts and the ammu- nition waggons. Forty-eight hours before he would have been a bold man who had dated doubt in public that Kimberley was all their own. Now, people more or less faced the notion. "What do you think, Mr. Allen?" said one of the two or three hundred Koopmans of the district. "You see all the tele- grams." "I think what I thought from the begin- ning. We've listened to lies too long to care for truth. But at the same time no one likes bein' lied to less than a liar." "Ah, you're an Uitlander at heart." It was the old taunt—from a German this time. "I'm a Free Stater, but it will be per- fectly surprisin' the number o' people that'll find they've always held Uitlander sympathies—before long." "They have not the men—they have not the men. All our predikants say so," cried a farmer of a far north-western district. "And there are all the powers of Europe, too, France and Russia. They will never allow such things. But I wish my man could write." This was the wife of a French photographer. "No. All Europe is against them." "We'll see," said an English bank em- ploye. "When they come——" "When they come. But they will never come. Be careful!" The bank clerk laughed. "I told you from the beginning that they would come. And they will come. They will come here, and they will go to Pretoria. We told you from the first." "They will not if you Free Staters fight, instead of running away," shouted a wounded man of the Vryheid commando, and his hairy fellows applauded. "You have good houses and plenty of cattle— you will not fight fight for them. You know the English will take them all—all—all." "You showed them the way," Allen in- terrupted in the Taal. Many voices agreed, for the nothern commandoes had a keen eye for cattle, and did not always distin- guish between the disloyal Dutch across the border and the agitatedly loyal Free Stater on the hither side. "Then you should fight. If you don't fight our President says it will be the worse for you. Almighty! My father did not get his farm by sitting still. No! He shot the black stuff of it first; then he enjoyed God's blessing. Go you and do likewise. The northern commandoes are taking all the weight of the war." "But it's all in our country," sad Allen, as the man swung himself on to his pony. "Ye've forgotten that little matter—they haven't forgotten it Jagersfontein." "You were right, Allen," old Van Soelen, that had been a member of the Raad, growled in his beard. "We are much an- nexed by the Transvaal already. I said it would be so." So far as one can find out, this day was the beginning of the Bad Month in Bloem- fontein. No two souls agree in any one account of it. It is said that Kruger came down from the north and, with Steyn, went westward, direct to Poplar Grove. It is said he did no such thing; that the first news came in from a broken commando of Transvaalers who had been peppered in the open from three consecutive kopjes by hid- den infantry, and, seeing that the rooineks were not fighting fair, had come away. This, again, is denied by the Trans- vaalers, who assert that Kruger himself at- tempted to check a fleeing Free State com- mando after Poplar Grove, and even threat- ened to order his Johannesburg police to fire upon them. The Free Staters—some of them—admit they told the President that if he gave such an order they would return the fire. The, they say, began systematic cattle- lifting on the part of some Transvallers *Copyright, London and New York, by Rud- yard Kipling, 1900. who had escaped from Cronje's laager headed for the Vaal, driving everything with a hind on it before then. Then, they say, began the trouble with the foreign commandoes on the night that Steyn wept among the guns. And all this while there was no certain knowledge of any one thing under heaven except that somewhere to the westward lay an army. Bloemfontein did not know what an army was like, but her sons told her. She agreed—it was curious how quickly the crowds decided this—to disregard the won- derful telegrams of the "Banner," who said that France, Russia, and Germany were in arms against England. Certainly, no true patriot could fail to believe that France, Russia, and Germany would in the end rescue a poor and pious State. Meantime, the question before Bloem- fontein, who counted her distance from the army in miles, was, Would the army bombard the city—as the city has sent men to bombard Kimberley, Mafeking, and Ladysmith? Also—this was not spoken above the breath—How soon could some sort of compromise be patched up which would remove these excellent Transvaal commadoes—to fight, of course, fifty or a hundred miles further on, but to fight and to steal elsewhere. Men poured in from the southern border with word that something very like an- other army was forming in those parts. They told tales of a new brand of Englishry from across the water, who lay out all day with a pillow-case full of cartridges, quite happy if they bagged—that was their hor- rible word—two or three patriots in eight hours. Oh, yes, there were scores of vic- tories to report—but they always fell to the other commando. Of course, the foreign Powers—— "But the army is here!" said Bloemfon- tein sourly at last, watching President Kruger drive to the railway station. The other President—their own—they did not trouble over. That was the time when Kaffir boys laughed at the Dutch women who tried to give them orders; when men thrust the keys of their houses upon strangers with English names and begged them to look after their villas while they went north for a little; when young Ken- nedy, of the Royal Souvenirs, wounded and a prisoner in hospital, kissed the nun in the presence of the Sister-Superior, and all three laughed; when a Dutch predikant came by night to Mallett, of the Wesleyan Church, and, weeping with rage, said he would burn his Bible if God forgot the Free State; when Joyce, of the saddler's shop, made the seventeen-foot Union Jack in a back chamber in ten hours; when the Fricks of all colours sat up in dreary as- sembly burning papers whose discovery might have damaged the health of Papa Frick, when seats in the Pretoria train sold at a premium, and the English of the town found their advice much sought after. "Do—do you think they will bombard us?" asked Mrs. Zandt humbly of the thrteen-year-old daughter of the bank em- ploye. She had come to borrow a Union Jack from the girl's mother. "I'm afraid we shan't," said the child, re- membering may insults form the Zandt brood. "I am afraid it is like what my father said." "Oh, what did your dear father say?" Mrs. Zandt clasped her hand. "He said the Dutch always shut up when they are collared. He sad you will take out the keys to us on a tea-tray when we come for them. I am sorry you will not be shelled——" "Hush, dear," said her mother, entering, "you mustn't talk like that to Mrs. Zandt." "I don't care! She laughed when I told her about Uncle Andries being shelled in Kimberley. Now she comes to borrow the flag." "But they are so close—so veeree close! My God! My God! Did all my people die for this, Mrs. Pardew?" She collapsed weeping on the sofa. "I don't know," said Mrs. Pardew. "I don't know whether by brother is alive, yet. Oh, go away! Don't cry here. You Dutch are so clumsy. What did you want to interfere in the war at all for, you sillies?" Little Jenny Pardew's father spoke true. They gave up the keys decked with tricolour ribbons at the bidding of a soli- tary civilian first into Bloemfontein from no higher motive, he says, than to get rooms at the club. They waved Union Jacks, and those who could not go north discovered that their hearts had ever beaten for progress and reform Somewhere on the veldt ran President Steyn, babbling of foreign intervention. Be- hind him, more to be feared, was Kruger, threatening death to all who bowed the knee to the invader. North, east, and west the Transvaal commandoes were drawing off with Free State cattle be- cause, as their commandants said, the Free Staters were cowards. Bloemfontein—and now she began to see why—had only a few wounded English prisoners in her. The bulk were at Pre- toria, good hostages against evil treatment should that army——. It was impossible that the army could reach Pretoria. But the army was here—in the town and out- side the town—a huge clay-coloured ring. Bloemfontein rose after a restless night, climbed the hill by the fort, and looked down upon the tentless legions. They were wet, silent, and sulky—sulky ever to Papa Frick, more English than the English, smirking across the green veldt, proud if he could catch the eye of the hublest "officier." "Well, they've come," said Allen, slip- ping off his coat in the press-room. He had gone out to watch the entry of the troops and had seen the beginnings of an ugly Kaffir riot put down by the strong hand. That did not look as if the English had employed natives in the war. The press-room was empty; the gas-engine was cold, and the Kaffir press-man sat impu- dently on the imposing table. Allen nodded at Bergmann's portrait. "It's a peety you're not alive, old man! Ye've done well for my country. If there's any knowledge or device beyond the grave ye must be wrigglin' now. Now, what'll we have in hand for to-day? 'Fore God, there's not paper, o' course. Gone like rats, all of them. Said a voice in Dessauer's room—"You see the situation, madam. I'm only a special correspondent, but I have authority to inform you—er—that we, that is the army, take over the paper. At least, the office, and the type, and the men. The name will not be continued." "I see," said Mrs. Bergmann. "I sup- pose it is all right. My editor has, unfor- tunately, gone away. He will come back when Boemfontein is re-occupied. But now, of course, you are masters here. I suppose I can take away my private papers. I had come here for that. You see, we did not expect you here so soon." Vincent, of the Universal Agency, did not say that he had thrashed an exhausted pony down the street for the very purpose of forestalling Bergmann's widow. This was one of the occasions when the British Army condescended to act on imformation received. "I am afraid you—ah—cannot. An officer of the staff will be here in a few minutes to seal everything." Mrs. Bergmann turned white, and bit her lip. "So there is no- thing further—it would only be putting you out to ask you to stay here." "I see," said Mrs. Bergmann, and rose up her hand saintly folded, the mirror of affliction. "If you will be good enough to send here as many of the compositors and so on as may be in the town I should be very much obliged. We're anxious to print a little proclamation. The men will be paid their regular wages." He entered the press-room, rubbing his hand joyously, and confronted Allen in green carpet-slipper, green velvet smoking- cap, faded beard, brass spectacles and all. "Hullo! what are you doing here?" "Just waitin' for orders. I'm foreman." Vincent glanced about with suspicion. A dusty man dropped from his horse and staggered in stiffly. It was the chief corre- spondent of the Transatlantic Syndicate. "Hullo, Corbett! We've commandeered the 'Banner,' lock, stock, and barrel—by order. You're on the staff, to—by my order." "I've got to describe the entry, my son. They've cut us down to two hundred and fifty words." "Nothing but official wires going to-night. The censor told me so. Hold the fort here while I go up to Government-house and get the Little Man's proclamation for Brother Boer. He wants it printed in to-day's paper. He told me to organise a staff. You're on it." "To-day's paper? Say, this is history," said Corbett, with deep relish. "We're making it. The Syndicate can wait. I'll hold the fort." "No one is to touch anything till Daubney comes down. He'll seal up all the private papers of the office. I've broken the news to Mother Bergmann, and she doesn't like it. I think we've run down the Basuto pro- clamation at last. Lend me your pony and I'll appoint you Editor." Vincent stumbled out and galloped away. Corbett moved over to the file of the "Banner" as it lay by the window. "H'm," he said, critically scanning the previous day's issue. "I guess this will be about the sharpest curve any paper's ever swung. Did you—" he looked at Allen with a smile—"did you believe any of this stuff about our men burning and ravishing and being forced to fight under fire of their own guns?" "My business was to set it up," said Allen, impassively, though his heart beat hard. "Ain't you English?" "I'm a burgher of the Free State since eighteen fifty odd. But—I was born in Scotland. You'll be an American." "Yes, I'm an American. What do you thing of your war?" "Just about what you'd think if ye'd seen the country ye'd loved and lived in about throw away by a fool and a liar. That's the little and the long o't. Tell me now," Allen went on huskily. "What truth is there in that," he nodded towards the open file, "that the English used native troops from Injia against us?" "Oh, it's only a lie—just as big as any of the others—about the fifteen thousand Russians at Sand River, or the invasion of London, or your three killed and five wounded, or anything else. Have you been fed on that stuff since the war?" He looked out of window at a woman in black. "Poor devils! Poor devils!" The woman entered—not that pious widow of saintly habit who had gone away ten minutes before, but a virago unchained. Gert and four compositors followed her. In the offing, alert, uneasy, but expectant, hung a small crown of black and half- bred boys who in time of peace hawked the paper. They watched with open mouths. "We have come," she shrieked, "for some private letters of—of my dead hus- band. If you are anything like what they call an English gentleman—" Corbett's large fat face lit with the blandest of smiles. "Well, madame, as Eugene Field sad of himself, I was livin' in a tree when I was caught. I'm only a semi-civilised American. If you wish to appeal to my finer instincts, they perished long ago in the stress of this campaign. But if you will indicate in what manner—" "Oh, you silly, talking fool. Do you know who I am? I am his widow." She pointed to the picture on the wall. "Was he killed in this war?" said Cor- bett. "You have my sincerest—" "No! no! no! I want some papers from this office. Gert, go to the office and get them." Corbett rolled one eye at the young Dutchman— "Mister Gert?" he said. "Happy to make your acquaintance. This places the affair on a different footing. May I ask your—umm—where you come in?" "Compositor," said Gert of the black finger-nails, without stirring. "Then I'm afraid your friend will be apt to lose a comp if you act on her instruc- tions. Nothing in the office must be touched till the arrival of—" "I tell you in three weeks you will be driven out of Bloemfontein and shot to pieces! I tell you there will not be a rooinek left in the country! I tell you I will remember this when you go to prison for the winter! It will be cold in the iron sheds. You will see! Let me take away my private letters. You only want money. You can sell all the rest—" "Hullo!" said the Honourable Wilfred Daubney, captain of the staff of the Feld- Marshall Commanding-in-Chief, torn by Vincent from his first fair meal in three weeks. He was filthy as the rest of the Army. In one hand he held a stick of avanturine sealing-wax, and in the other a cheap glass seal of French manufacture, representing a dove with an olive branch over the legend "Amour"—all fished out of President Steyn's pen tray. "Thank God," said Corbett, fervently. "This gentleman, madam, will be only too happy to talk to you in the office—over yonder. Have you brought the proclama- tion, Vincent? We must set it up at once. Go on, Daubney. You'll like her." He indicated the office at the far end of the press-room, and wiped his brow. "For undiluted craziness, Vincent, your war lays over out Cuban craziness. I can't say more than that." Vincent produced a printed sheet and paused, screwing up his short-sighted blue eyes. "How the deuce does one comman- deer a paper?" sad he. "There's not precedent, if that's what's troubling you," said Corbett. "The English are unhappy without precedents, I know. Let me try, Mister Gert and Co.! in the name of God and the Constitution of the United States—beg pardon, Vincent. I forgot it wasn't my war. Oh, yes. There's a foreman. So there is. What's your name?" "Allen." "That's a good start," said Vincent. "Now, Mr. Allen, set up this proclamation quick. It's for to-day." "Have you any preferences about type?" said Allen, smiling in spite of him- self. "Type—type! Oh, nice fat, black type," said Vincent. "Here have I been a jour- nalist all my life, and I don't know one type from another, Corbett." "There's Grady outside," said the Ameri- can. "He's been in the business. Ap- point him to the staff at once. Hi, Grady! You're appointed sub-editor of the Bloem- fontein 'Despatch.' Come in and sub- edit." "I was looking for you," said Grady of the Unlimited Wire, dismounting. "Did you try to produce a paper without me? You journalists? You're a lot of penny-a- liners. Not half a bad plant, either." He sniffed round the office critically. "When you've quite done your profes- sional antics perhaps you'll help us to bring out this dam proclamation," said Vincent. "Bobs wants it thrown broadcast at Brother Boer as soon as possible. It won't enlighten Brother Boer, but it will please Bobbins." "Leave me alone; I'm thinking." Then to Allen, who was sorting the copy into takes, "Just use your old advertisements and any standing matter you've got——" "It's no just likely to suit the present situation. It's sayin' that ye used natives fra Injia against us." "We didn't," said Grady. "Personally, I think it was a great mistake. A few Pathans would have done you a lot of good —but we happen to be a moral people. No, the standing matter is probably useless. Got any old ads.—stereo matter?" "There's the National Museum notice— an' here's a Vereeniging coal advertise- ment," said Allen. "But they've comman- deered all the coal there an' it's a far cry to Vereeniging." "Never mind," said Corbett, sitting on the table. "We'll be at Vereeniging soon, and the National Museum's the one place I've always wanted to see. Look among the stereos." "Good old Mellin!" said Vincent, turning over a pile of plated slabs. " 'The natural food for a babe is mother's milk.' My God! D'you remember those kids at Kimberley after the relief, Grady, an' the row of babies' graves?" "Yes," Grady answered, with a sudden ferocity. He had been five months in the field. "And the refugee trains, too. Here, you!"—to Allen, who jumped at the change of tone. "Lord Roberts's proclamation goes, in English and Dutch, on the front page. Fill in the rest with old advertise- ments. Bring me a proof when you've done. You're responsible that the thing looks de- cent, and God help you if you try to play any funny tricks on us." "I'm not in the habit of shirkin' my work," said Allen, stoutly. "I'm sick of it," Grady went on. "Kim- berley and Ladysmith had to stand it, and Mafeking's standing it now, but the minute these brutes get the worst of it they hand up a Union Jack and Bobs fawns on 'em— simply fawns on 'em! Look at his pro- clamation. He'll be sorry for it before he's done. I know the Dutch." Here the Honourable Wilfred Daubney came out of Dessauer's office sucking a burnt thumb. "She's a lunatic—an absolute ravin' luna- tic," he said, "an' this beastly stuff has dropped all over me. Must I seal every- thing here? There isn't much wax left, and—"—he looked round the office— "what's the idea o' the operations?" "Steyn's forgotten to take away about a ton of most interesting documents from his house," said Vincent. "I saw the Intelli- gence Department looking almost intelli- gent over it this afternoon. Perhaps we shall find something nice here." Allen was setting up the sentence—"The British Government believes that this set of aggression was not committed with the general approval and free will of a people with whom it has lived in complete amity for so many years." He glanced at the portrait of the late Mr. Bergmann, thought of the Basuto proclamation, and groaned. "Any truth in the yarn that they've found a lot of cipher telegrams between Cape Town and Pretoria and up at Steyn's place?" said Vincent. "I believe so," Grady answered, "but it was nothing compromising. It never is, worse luck! How's that proclamation coming on? Be quick, there!" "I think you'd better seal the door of the office when we've done, Daubney," said Vincent. "Ritson, of the Intelligence, will be down to-morrow to search the place." "They'd climb in through the windows if they wanted to take anything away," said Grady, jerking a thumb at Gert. "Then Daubney will put a sentry till Ritson has done. One sentry for to-night on toast, Daubney, please. What the deuce do all these little nigger boys want to look in at the windows for?" "All right. Must I stay here till you've done? I'm awfully hungry." "You've no eye for history and the drama. He we are commandeering the whole plant and outfit of a flourishing daily paper—(it's never happened before)— in the heart of a captured city at eight hours' notice, and you prefer to eat," said Corbett. "We'll be merciful. Proof's almost ready," Grady replied, as Allen slid the takes into position. "I don't know Dutch, but if I fond out you've put any hanky- panky misprints into the Dutch version, my friend, you'll hear about it." "Man—man," said Allen, suddenly, his mouth quivering under his beard, "I'm— I'm a Free State burgher." "Is that a recommendation?" "An'--an' I was one o' Blackwood's men once. D'ye think I'd cheat in a profes- sional matter?" Now, Grady had been close friend to Hawke, who was crippled for life under cover of the white flag on the south- western border. 