ONE EARL, TWO COUNTESSES, AND VARIOUS LAWS. A legal correspondent, writing in the London "Morning Leader," says :— The matrimonial adventures of Earl Russell are again interesting the world at large, and especially the world of lawyers. The English adventures re- sulted in a sufficiently odd situation. On February 6, 1890, Earl Russell mar- ried Miss Mabel Scott. Before the year was out the Countess Russell filed a pe- tition for judicial separation, which was eventually dismissed. Then, in 1891, he returned to the charge, and filed a petition for the restitution of conjugal rights, and again the day went against her. At the same time Earl Russell al- leged cruelty against the Countess, but, though he obtained a judicial separation on this ground in the court of first in- stance, the decree was reversed by a majority of one in the Court of Appeal, and the reversal was sustained by a ma- jority of one in the House of Lords. So the two parties remained man and wife in the eye of the law The American ad- ventures, just reported, appear to have been undertaken with a view to subvert- this holy estate of matrimony and to try a fresh arrangement. The report is that Earl Russell obtained a decree of divorce fr0m the Court at Carson, in Nevada; that Mrs. Somerville also ob- tained a divorce there, apparently at the same time; and that thereupon Earl Russell married the lady at Reno, in Nevada. Divorce in Nevada. It's terrible, if true," the Countess is reported to have said, "that a man can go to another country and get mar- ied after the courts in this country have decided against him." Well, it is certainly true — but upon conditions. Let us follow the steps patiently. The parties intending to intermarry have first to get divorced. Not being able to get divorced in this country, they had to go elsewhere. They went to Nevada. Earl Russell is said to have oblained his divorce on the ground of "desertion;" Mrs. Somerville to have ob- tained hers on the ground'of "cruelty." Now, the Nevada statute says that . . Divorce can be obtained by complaint under oath to the District Court of the county . . . in which the plaintiff shall reside, if the latter be . . . the county in which . . . the plaintiff shall have resided six months before suit be brought, for "various causes," among which are "wilful desertion for the period of one year," and "extreme cruelty." The Countess is said to have been as- tonished when she read the announce- ment of the Nevada proceedings, and therefore'it may be inferred that she had no notice of the suit. Still, the Nevada statute provides elaborately for notice to the defendant. It runs thus -, If the d'efendant is not a resident of the territory, or cannot for any cause be personally summoned, the Court, or, Judge in vacation may order such no- tice of the suit to be given in such a manner and during such time as shall appear most likely to convey a knowledge thereof to the defendant, without undue expense or delay; and, if no such order be made, it shall be sufficient to pub- lish such notice in a weekly newspaper printed in, or, nearest to, the county in which the suit is pending, three months in succession, and, if the defendant fail to appear, and make defence, at the first term after such notice, or after thirty days' personal service of summons, the evidence may be heard, and the cause decided, at that term. Such is Nevada law. We may stig- matise "the lax practice of that (Neva- da) court," as Sir James Hannen once spoke of the similar practice in Kansas. It is to be assumed, however, that the formalities required in Nevada were duly observed, although somehow "a knowledge thereof" did not reach the Countesss defendant, however Mr. Som- erville may have fared. Anyhow the Court, it would appear, pronounced sen- tence of divorce in both cases Then, there being no prohibition of marriage be- tween divorced persons in these parts, no obstacle stood in the way of the mar- riage of Earl Russell and Mrs. Somer- ville, and they were married accordingly. Can the Marriage Stand? The Countess naturally regards this as a terrible proceeding - if it be valid. In Nevada it is valid enough; about that there can be no possible doubt whatever. But in England? Well, on that front, we think, the Countess Russell may take such comfort as may be derivable from a technical advantage. The English Court, if asked to express its opinion on the divorces, would probably inquire into the question of domicile at the date of the divorce. If the domicile of Earl Russell were found to be bona-fide Ne- vada (which may be greatly doubted) there might still be some other difficul- ties to get over. But how is the English Court to be satisfied that the domicile or Mrs Somerville is Nevada if Mr. Somerville is domiciled in England, or, rather, if Mr. Somerville is not also do- miciled in Nevada? - for the domicile of the wife is, in English law (though not always in American law), the domicile of the husband too. Suggestions of Precedents. English lawyers love a precedent. The Countess Russell - and Mrs. Somerville as well -- will be interested in a case that came before Sir James Hannen just 20 years ago. In 1862 a gentleman and a lady, both domiciled English subjects, were married in England. The gentle- man fled from the face of his creditors, and eventually came to a halt in Kansas. There, on June 9, 1873, he procured a divorce from the wife he had left behind him, on the ground of her desertion; and on September 25 of the same year he went through a ceremony of marriage with another lady. His wife in Eng- land had received no notice of the peti- tion of divorce in Kansas; so that Sir James Hannen remarked. on "the lax practice" of the Kansas Court in this particular. The evidence in the case established that the gentleman had not abandoned his English domicile. There fore, the original marriage was an Eng- glish marriage within the meaning of Lolley's case, and it is governed by the resolution of the Judges that "no sen- tence or act of any foreign country can dissolve an English marriage a vinculo matrimonii for grounds on which it was not liable to be dissolved a vinculo matri monii in England." The Court accordingly, on the peti- tion of the first wife, pronounced decree nisi "on the ground of bigamy coupled with adultery." It thus treated the Kansas divorce as null and void. If Earl Russell be bona-fide domiciled in Navada, that makes an essential dif- ferenccce; for "his rights and duties and status," according, to Sir James Han- nen, in another famous case; "can only he regulated by the law of the country of his domicile, so long as he remains there." Still he is met by the obstacle that "desertion"' is not enough for the English Court. And, as Mrs. Somer- ville cannot be recognised by English law as domiciled in Nevada, and as the English Court does not grant divorce even for "extreme cruelty," it is not apparent how she can be regarded here as free to contract a fresh marriage there. Thirty years ago there was a case before the English Court in which a wife had left her English husband in England. and, after a residence of two or three years in America, obtained a divorce there, her husband's domicile continu- ing English. Her second marriage in America was held by the English Court to be invalid. If both parties to a di- vorce were at the time of the divorce bona-fide domiciled in a foreign State. the English Court would recognise the divorce, but.not otherwise. To take a trip abroad and stay the few months necessary to satisfy "thc lax practice' ,f a foreign Court may be good enoug'i for the conscience of the parties ; but it is a solution'that the English Court w-Il make very short work of indeed. it will hold "romptly that- the mere tern. porarv transference of the matrimonial home for .the sake of obtaining a divorce effects no change of domicile whatever. Results. .Whateter view may be taken of the morality- of these complicated proceed ings, there is probably little difficulty on the points of lawr We should be cur prised if the, Countess Russell is "ot maintained in her legal position of wif of Earl Russell, and if Mrs. Somerville does not remain Mrs. Somerville. Fur ther, there seemq no legal doubt that both the Countess Russell and Mr. Somerville can obtain divorce ini the English Court "on the ground of bigamy coupled with adultery"-if they choose to gratify their consorts by bringing petitions. Whether there will be any proseoution for bigamy on the trium phant return cf the merry marriers de pends mainly upon the apathy of the Public Prosecutor. But so long as the Countess Russell lives and refrains from taking legal proceedings ,Mrs. Somer ville has not the ghost of a chance of becoming in the eye of the English law Cou?itess Rustell. 