OU{,''iJF-:THE* BEATEN ^ TRACK. [All Rights Reserved.] ' Jem, I say — Jem, old man, rouse up.' The speaker, a well-knit, broad- shouldered young fellow, bent anxiouBly over the pros ? trale form before him. ' I believe the rascal* have pretty nearly finished him up,' he muttered, as he peered into the white face and strove in the fast gathering twilight to discover the extent of the damage that had been done to hifi friend, Jem Ashton. They were on a walking tour through the South Western Highlands of Scotland, and scorning to keep to the beaten track had been set upon, after a long day's tramp, by two men, relieved of their knap sacks and the contents of their pockets, and left to their fate in this wild, little fre quented glen, eipoB&d; to the full fury of an oncoming storm. A well aimed blow had quickly stretched 'Lanky Jem,' as his friends called him, nenselesa on the ground, leaving IliB more Btalwart companion, Hal ChcBter, to deal single-handed with their adversaries. There was a desperate tussle before he was worsted, to which a ?black eye and the torn and dirty condition of his clothes bore eloquent witness; but the oddis were too strong against him, the men made off with their booty, and Hal was left in a bruised and battered condition beside his fellow-victim. He fetched water in his cap from the mountain torrent hard by, nnd, to his intense relief, Jem preseutly gave vent to a languid: ' Stop that; you're drowning me.' Then he sat Up and looked about him in a dazed sort of fashion, till bis eyes rested on Hal's fitco, when he went off into a hearty guffaw, which relieved the other's mind from any .further anxiety— no half-dead man could laugh like that. ' I ? xpect they have spoilt my beauty for me pro tern.,' he said, good-humouredly, as he helped Jem to hie feel. ' If you feel equal to walking, old chap, we had better be ' pushing on, for I don't altogether fancy a night's lodging on the cold ground in this plight.' ' Oh, yes; I'm tit enough. But those ras cals have made a clean sweep of it, and no mistake. They haven't even left me my 'baccy. Have you any notion whereabouts we are? '' i ' Not the slightest. It's about aB deso late a spot as oue could well find, thut's all 1 know; but us wo have not passed a single cottage since we turned off the road, the most sensible pjan will be- to go ahead Until we can find shelter of some sort. Whew! how stiagFii^cold it ib,' as a blast of wind came surging down the narrow pass, driving the I rain and sleet full in their faces. They struggled on, Hal beguiling ths time with a ' -vivid description of his vain attempt to de fend their- property. It was hard work picking their way amongst the rough stoneB ' and bits if ruck, in the teeth of the gale; and when the glen widened, and they found themselves once more in the open country, it was not much better, exposed as they were to the full fury of the wind. It was quite ' dark by now. Between (lie showers the moon peeped forth at intervals from the dense masses of swiftly-drifting oloudg; but it was not a moon worthy of the name, looking out reluctantly from its cloudy shield, and shed ding little or no light on the surrounding landscape. Jem Ashton pulled up short ?with .a spasmodic gasp. .'! ;'«I can't hold out much longer, Hal. The crack t hat fellow gave me must have damaged \- my head more than I thought. There seems to be a building of some sort over there to the left. If you don't mind stopping a bit, I'll just get my wind before 'ego furlhsr.' A shadowy gleam of moonlight shewed Hal what seemed to be like a roughly built chapel some yards ahead. Putting his arm through Jem's, he half led, half dragged him to the building, and left him leaning against a broken down ? gate, whilst he felt his way round in search of a spot that might per chance afford them some slight shelter from the biting wind. Presently he came to a {door, and feeling cautiously along, found, to bin joy, that it was ajar. . 'Jem,' he called, as he mide his way back to his companion, ' it's no good trying ^to/push on further to-night. By good luck somebody has been careless over the fasten ing- of this door, and it has blown open. Let's take refuge till daylight, atull events.' The other willingly agreeing, they groped their way in, and wearied out with battling against the elements, dropped exhausted on the nearest bench. ' We must get on with the first gleam of daylight, Jem panted, ' or we shall pay for this rest with a (harp touch of rheumatic fever.' 'V Eight you are. We will make a move as soon as you have a leg to stand on. If only those rascally beggars had left our flasks, there would have been a, chance of getting some warmth into one; but, as it is, one can only long for the unattainable.' '.Wonder if there is a cottage anywhere near.' ? ' Bound to come to some before long. This seems to be a chapel, from what 1 could see from the outside. It would be no good a parson preaching unless he hail a flock to listen to him; and flocks muBt have some' kind of a shanty over their heads.' ' They go awful long distances Bometimea to their precious kirks, though.' '' You're a nice Job's comforter.' Then silence fell upon them as they Bat huddled together .for warmth, in a corner of the bench. The wind had dropped, but the rain Btill beat pitilesBly againBt the windows, making them thankful Jot even the sorry comfort of the dismal chapel and hard bench. At length Jem said: _ ;?. *,. ? . _z. 'Do you hear a peculiar sound ?' 'Yes, rain.' earns ihe sleepy answer. Another long silence. ' Then' Jem spoke again. \- ' It's not rain. There is another noise, quite distinct: a sort of soft pattering.' .' Hats, mice.' waB the laconic reply. ' And a. kind of moaning sound,' persisted Jem, straining forward to listen more in tently. ' Why, man alive, you're not afraid of ghosts, surely !' aud, raising his voice, Hal called in a mocking tone : ?'.' i'»Pray, don't be agitated on our account, ye unquiet spirits of the departed. We shall be thankful if you will deign to viBit ua, and help wile away the weary houre.' A rustling sound followed this speech. 'Hal, you haven't a match anywhere about you, I suppose ?' faltered Jem. ' My good fellow, our woitliy friends of the glen have left me absolutely nothing but a half-sovereign which hud kindly lodged it self in the lining of my. pocket, and so es caped their notice.' ' ' .;? i As he spoke something brushed past' them. Jem touched Mb arm convulsively. ' Dido t you feel a touch ?' he whispered. . ' Can't say I did; but very likely you felt a bat.' ' Bats don't walk upright. I felt some thing tread on my foot and touch my elbow as it harried past.' Hal began to seriously speculate as to whether the knock on the head had upset bis friend's equilibrium. ' All fancy,' he said, soothingly. ' You are faint for food and just about dead beat. You wait here till 1 make my way to the nearest cottage, get Borne food, and bring it back to yon. I really think it will be the bcBt plan. You are not tit to walk another yard as you are, and we shall both catch oar deaths of cold if we wait in this wretched hole till dawn.' Jem felt ashamed to own that be strongly objected to keeping a lonely vigil in such a place, and had just agreed to the plau, when once more the mysterious moaning was heard, and a wan ray of moonlight, Bhining thiough the window opposite, made a slowly widening patch of dim, misty light. Across thiB patch a shadowy form was seen to Hit, followed by another and another. Then the moon was overshadowed, and all waB shrouded in darkness. But Jem had seen enough. ' I can't stop here. It's— uncanny.' he groaned, hurrying his companion to the dour, which he banged behind him with a clang that would have aroused the Seven Sleepers themselves. ' Poor chap, that blow muBt certainly have upset him. I always did say he out grew hit* strength, and could not stand much,' thought Hal compassionately; for he had been stooping to fasten his boot when the moon shone forth for that moment, so had not observed the vision which had been the climax to his friend's ideas of unearthly visitants. ' Feel better after the rest ?' he remarked cheerily, as they trudged along. ' Rest ! In that place? I have always laughed at the bare idea of spirits ? ' ' You take pretty kindly to the Scotch man's beverage,' put in Hal drily. ' Oh ! shut up, you know what I mean. But after to-night's experience I'll — .' He paused. ' Well ?' ' I'll be hangei if I know what to think.' ' Pshaw ! You're as nervous as a school, girl. If you had seen anything, now, it would have been different; but to get in a blue funk because an owl screeches and racs scamper about, it's ? ' ' But I did see something.' 'Oh! he's going off it!' thought Hal. ' By all the powers, that's surely a lantern 1 see moving in the distance,' he said aloud. ' Hullo there!' ' Hullo !' came an answering shout, and the light moved quickly towards them. It | liroved to be a man who had been putting ; up his horse after a late jaunt to the nearest town, and on hearing of their plight ho will ingly consented to pilot them to an inn a little further down the road. The next morning Hal was greatly delighted . to find his companion suffering from nothing worse t nan a bad cold. ' I say, old fellow, I have found out all . about your ghosts,' be exclaimed later on in the day, spreading his numbed hands to the fire, beside which he had persuaded Jem to remain. ' 1 went to have a look at that chapel just now, and when the man who' took me opened the door we found some deer trotting about. They had evidently taken refuge from the Btorm last night ; you shut them in, and there they were waiting to get out, poor beasts.'' 