V&0 er Bv PET HI; ;KOB. Theatre by Mr. OTlDg Of the I -".•illrday evening will be Jlliamsou on ne>. .Melbourne playgoers, [doubly welcome 'fiance with a theatre renew an a<'ji whom the theatregoers iger, of both ; I,!- years that are past. very fond in Ifi'. r"the appointed time a dav or W« ill commence his season nime.'Mr. W. v Icreat "spectfl'-i^r pantomimic p extrava- . , I'Little Red Riciing " Hood, * "" the the Christ Christssful run in Suction which lia^ :nce what We know ristmas geous iii(. s ince itionably knocks out, all i1»/precl&3bors. hare been expecVdi'it hasten bKMght date in regard to\t(-arlike paggantry. and Realistic taUc;flu<^and mSL*chesrfd>rm it features in the plajy tlio .Btonnifig if a battle of Klaiidslaa^^aild'cde^rated tiad representation. -Tile regi- .ted°for the post;; of honour include the ;ade, GrenadierGuards, Royal Irish Fusi- Highlanders, Permanent Artillery and .mth Wales Lancers, The Royal Comic, irua take part auii there are full regibands to give the proper verisimiltude arlike marches and tableaux. Mr. mecn is only paying Melbourne what ,lled a flying visit this time, as the inly to last about six weeks, nclusiou of his brief stay, Mr. L. J.Lohr ssion for a time on behalf of Mr. Chas. id his company, who will open there in ppened to Jones," after which Mr. A. in a round of his favourite characters, leading lights of Mr. Arnold's company g star daughter, who, though she has died ber teens, is already famous. In ity Stocking,''little Edna Arnold bears len of the piece. •N'EW BARMAIO '• at the Theatre Royal is I last nights, ami will be played for the r to morrow evening. On Saturday the mt o this place of amusement will con- , generally-expressed wish of playgoers 1 " Fun on the Bristol" for a short season. r programme at the Bijou Theatre is ^ to fill that place of amusement nightly, pons in the war picture? and cinemato- ^attle scenes being exactly to the taste r of the public. The Newsky Family's i dancing are always agreeable, although | that electrically paralysing nature that (dangerous to persons with weak heart •though sudden deaths are not likely to fcgst the audience, there i6 a soothing tout the dances, ;; carrving back to the land cobbler's <kuce of our youth, kes old men fee! vouug again. One chaired hdy oi the troupe, whose Press and bream!; of beam would expect thai she could not dance fore agilely thai; a duck, is quite a fonder when she going. She skips age, and dance, ihe old steps with a at 16 quite snov, ::.-iky for her seeming L ™. l . hfcre » teetotum young F solving on own axiB. Like the > troupe hie appears to be Bunted, but wlnii F. lurn •Sots he does well. is al«„ - ' ell received, and 'sjg item on lU.- '•'"g's bill. Mr G. ''s own in t!r-- '•ULT of popularity, | me of his une,,! • • are not quite lough to suit the • iviingroom. Mr. I!? has alfn truy •'i hie plflfo in public favour. Both gentlemen finish up with the Tivolis this week. * * * * The bis draw at the Bijou, however, is the wargallery of moving pictures to which I referred last week. The addition of the photogiaphs of Major Eddy and the War Correspondent, Mr. W. J. Lambie, to the series, lend much local and pathetic interest to the exhibition. Nothing could bring more forcibly home to a community the horrors of war than these moving transcripts from the field-of war, the surprising of the pickets, the Red Cross nurses at work, and the shooting of a spy. To me the cinematograph pictures are awegome and eerie visions. The actions are so real and truthful as the figures move about on the screen, yet they are so silent, there is such an absent of all noise, no matter how busy the scene, that they seem to be ghosts called up from the shades by a modern Witch of Endor. It gives me a creepy feeling to sit there and see, moving in their habit as they lived, the counterfeit presentments of men who are dead and gone. I suppose that soon the phonograph will be run in connection with the cinematograph, and then we shall have not only the touch of a vanished hand, but the sound of a voice that is still. Now the motion is silent, and the pictures move silently as Macbeth'e long line ill the cave. As one gazes at these South African pictures, sad memorials of Australia's first connection with war, the lines from Macbeth are £ rimly appropriate. "Show his eyes and grieve his heart, Come like shadows, so depart." "BBITON AND BOER" was produced for the first time in Melbourne at the Alexandra Theatre by Mr. A. Dampier on Saturday evening under circumstances of such wild enthusiasm as at times threatened to lift the roof off the establishment. The play is a version of Rider Haggard's " Jess " localised and brought up to date. As the dramatist's name appears as Adam Pierre, it requires no great effort of deciphering Bkill.tofind the " hidden name " of the popular manager. Whilst the main outline of the plot of the novel is adhered to, considerable liberty has been taken by Mr. Dampier as to places and characters. The hero is made a member of an Australian Contingent, and naturally he is the beau ideal of a hero taking his rebuffs from the Boers with that resignation which so well becomea a soldier and gentleman, especially an Australian soldier and a gentleman. The leading comedy partis an interpolation, and is an unattached officer who stutters very much, but is truegritnevertheless. Thesetwopretty wellmonopolise the whole of the "fat," ahd do all the dusting of the floor with the unfortunate Boers. Mr. Dampier, as the stuttering Englishman, and Mr. A Rolfe as the heroic Australian, entered into theii respective characters con amoreand ladled out the Boup to tho Boers in a manner that would have excited the envious jealousy of Lords Roberts and Kitchener. These commanders-in-chief at the Alexandra simply waded in to demolish the whole of the republican armies, and, to use a familiar expression, whenever they saw a Boer's head they potted it. The gallery grew frantic with enthusiasm, and cheered the British and Australians with fine frenzy that was only surpassed by the vigour with which they howled at Kruger, Muller, Coetzee, and the such scattered remnants of the Boers who were brought on as prisoners. Howl! They yelled like demons of the pit, and barked and snapped at Kruger and the rest like a pack of Jingodingoes, r • • * • The love interest in the story is pretty well overshadowed by the warlike element, yet the pathetic incident of the love of Jess and Bess gave the Misses Dampifer a certain amount of opportunity of which they were not slow to avail themselves. Miss Lily Dampier made her. first appearance this season and received a hearty welcome. The young lady has considerably filled out in figure since she was last here, and in style she has gained much so far as " repose " is concerned, although at times as if that ease and self-possession had been purchased at the sacrifice of dramatic force. The audience did not appear to think so. however, and applauded the lady with all the favour and energy of yore. Miss Katherine Russell was effective as Mrs. Smythe, and the less important female characters were fairly well sustained. Mr. George Buller' gave an excellent rendering of the faithful Zulu boy, Jantje, who plays such an important part in Rider Haggard's story, and good scenery, militiamen, real guns and all " the pride, pomp and circumstance of glorious war " gave a thoroughly warlike flavour to the production. Jjat, after all, the real interest of the piece, and, indeed, all the fun of the fair centred in the leading Boers, who were painted with a brush Iib6rally dipped in darkness and eclipse." Poor Old Paul Kruger had a howlingly hot time of it. The gods made the most disparaging remarks upon his personal appearance, and regarded his wellknown whiskers and pipe with special odium. Mr. Edmund Holloway bore all these insults, however, with the phlegmatic stolidity that became a Datch Boei, and went calmly on the tenor of his wicked way with all the. unruffled calmness of the President ot the Transvaal. It was a good representation, but was marred by one gross fault, or, rather, oversight on the part of the actor. The evening being sultry, particularly for the Boers, Mr Holloway jeas guilty of the terrible solecism of once or twice using a pocket-handkerchief ! Contemporary history is unanimous in asserting that the only time that Oom Paul ever used a pocket- handkerchief was on the occasion of. his visit to England, and then one mouchoir served for the whole of the trip. Mr. F, C. Appleton, as Mul er, had also a somewhat lively time of it, the audience seemingly being under the impression that Bidder Haggard's character was somehow or other a near relation to General Cronje. However, he went through t-lie part as if he meant blood and business, and allowed the hatred of the audience to run off him like water off a ducf s back. The ' comic side of Boer cowardice was^ illustrated by Mr..J. F. Forde, as Goetzee, who,f with his wife and family, served to make the unfortunate residents of the Transvaal ridiculous andamusing as well as bloodthirstyand treacherous. No play could havehada better reception than did "BritonandBoer,"foralltheclap- trapandrantand fustian were overlooken by the loyalty and patriotism of theaudiecce, who wentfor the piece aBif they were another Australian Contingent going to settle the Soutn African war in one act. Mr. Dampier should certainly strike oil with his latest and most up-to-date production. MR. KKEITMEYER, of the Waxworks, is keeping well to the fore with added figures ot the notable persons of the hour. Amongst the mobi, recent additions are Lord Kitchener, Sir Redvers Buller, g;r George White and Baden Powell, the heroic defenders of Ladysniith and Mafeking respectively, fi,e likenesses are striking ones and serve to give quite a patriotic and military atmosphere to the Waxworas. MISS EDNA MAY. Who recently appeared as leading lady in the London production of " The Belle of New York." Downey and Co,, pliot»„ London.] A NEW YORK STAGE DIVINITY. MISS FLORENCE CROSBY Bassett photo. New York. J of the Casino Theatre. MISSSLIINDA RAYMOND as Luci6 Manettf, No. 45, in the Sydney production " The Only Way, or A Tale of Two Cities." Talma photo. of 