%Mii^^^M^i^^^&!^^^^^^^M»^^^l^ [?] '' -.1' : ^ '^^??::W^^'^ ^i^0Gfh -l«tt«of 'The Grait Porter Bqwn Jljttmj,' «Gnt,» ?-'Bu-Sucpi Numt' 'Miriam BozelU*' 'A SWrlJewaM,' 'The Golden land,' ?The Bettayd of J«to ?«&«»,' to., te. COPTSKJHT. CHAnjBE X.— (Continual.) ItwM during one of hie litter nuts to E»ri« that he met the young ladj irfao leoame Iub aeoomi wife. The passions and inaliiuMionB ofinen are matters of impulse *nd inheritapoe, snd though they may be ooatuoUed they cannot be destroyed. The noment 'Bernard Maubray Baw Uabrielle a nBW.Aiwer of lore took root in his heart, and car image accompanied lum wnen ne went -rom ier presence. She waa very little older \- than tie daughter 'Valerie, and it might tore been thought that the disparity in their ages would have held Mm *eok. But fltroug-miudod as he was, tte unarm had fallen and he could not resist it. If occasionally the doubt in truded itself that the union of a lady with a man old enough to be heriather ?was unwise, it was instantly dismissed. In the lives of most men there are overwhelming tides whioh carry them onward despite themselves. That Bernard Maubray loved Gabrielle passionately in no way lessened his love for Valerie ; it helped, indeed, to strengthen it, ' inasmuch as it opened the door to a closer ftnd more constant companionship with his __ near.ohild. It would also impart new sweet ness to Gabriolle's union with him, for she would have a companion of her own age always fay her side. He enoburaged erery argument favourable to the consummation of (us ardent wishes, and dismissed every argu ment which bade him reflect before he took the final step. Xnere were peculiar circumBtanoes whioh tarried him an. Gabrielle's father was so tntangled in pecuniary difficulties that ruin (tared him in the face. Not only ruin but \- -3ishonour ; for in his frantic efforts to release ' himself from disaster ho had in an incautious moment stepped aside from the path of rectitude. Exposure meant dishonour, dis honour meant death. When Bernard Maubray appeared upon the scene all this was known to Gabrielle, in whom her father, weak and 3lrm of purpose, had confided, and her soul vua filled with horror at the threatened bagedv Bernard Maubray was the one man -?'? hu could avert this tragedy, who could prose, re herjather's honour, and in a moment of dftenair she consented to be his wife. Uo.tjiadow of this despair waa visible to Haubr ly. He loved, and was blind. Toe (adnesiof her face was accounted for by the sloud which hung orer her father's honoured name, the cloud which it was bis good fort-ffle to remove. To this cause, also, he Attributed her wandering glances and the nervous clasping of her hands when he pressed his suit. In a certain sense her sadness im parted a spiritual element to her beauty, and, -given that her heart was at rest, -all else was well. But her heart was not at rest. She con tented to marry Bernard Maubray, but she did not love him. Had she made this clear to him he would have instantly released her, but «he kept her secret close — the secret which only one man could have suspected, and that nan one of the base creatures of the earth whose career wasgtrewn with, perjured vowi and blighted hopes, with shame and despair, and .sometimes death. Even as it was she would not have accepted Bernard Maubray had she - not had a firm conviction that her days were numbered, and that she would soon go down to the grave with her secret unrevealed. By her act she released her father from impend ing dishonour ; by nature's decree .she would be saved from a woman's deepest shame. So they were-married in Paris, and in the church in which the ceremony took place larked the villain who. had betrayed .her. He kept.«o far bank in the gloom of nnillumined pillars that he did not see the faces of bride snd4bridegroom ; heheatd the sound of mur muring voices, and, the ceremony over, he ?lank away, twirling his llephistophelian moustache -with an air of satisfaction. It was no obstacle -removed, and he was contented. ' Bv ray faith,' he murmured, with a anile, -' I haire had my pastime, and Gabrielle is settled in life. Farewell, my sweet, Gabrielle.' But if it contributed to his satisfaction to think that the consequences of his base act were for ever removed, and that they would r.play,ao part in his future, he could have paid no regard to that dread Fete whiehwoaves its threads in silence and Jarknegs, , and over turns; the grandest as well as the 'meanest of mortal schemes at the moment of i fruition. 1 We build our castles andidremn our -dreams, needless of the unseen shadow which waits upon our actions, ? and lo ! when the edifice is drowned and the dream is dreamed, a thunder cloud bursts and lays waste the .work of the best years of our life. Buck in his. house, with his bride *nd. his daughter by Mb side, Bernard Maubray sent forth a work which set the teal. upon his renown as one of the worlds great painters.: Three of hU happiest months -went -by, ]and i then the clouds became overcast. Gabrielle ? iseemed to be pining away. Always quiet \ . and reserved, she new eren fonder of -silence \ and solitude. With love's solicitude he! i ? observed how thin and white she was, Bow the \ least sound utruck terror to ? her heart, how, ! when she was in thought and he spoke to her 1 »ho started as though to ward off a blow. He questioned Valerie privately. HadUftbrielle; complained? ' No,'1 answered Valerje. '.she never complains.' ', But . she .Buffers?.'; 'Yes, she suffers.' 'Have jouiaaad.to ascertain the cause?' 'Tpd.^butsheinsisto that ^&e; is quite well.' ' Is :ihe house too quiet for her. Does she wish for oprapany ?'i 'Jlo, she dreads Jt.' And-Yalen94rewhus attention to the oircumBtunces that when' viiitors came, or strangers were . announced,) her one .desire was to avoid, them. Indeed,; . . at this time, unknown to the father ..and daughter, Gabrielle was. attempting flight to, come spot where she was unknown, and whjjrejjheooold' remain h!3den from the sight;' -*f iffwho knew her. Ho questioned Gubriella Bint, and -was distressed bytho nervousness. and fear nho exhibited when U)oy wore alone togtther. . ?' Do I frighten you, Gabrielle P' he asked tenderly. 'No, no,' she replied, ' why ehnuld I be frigttened when you speak to mo f' But even as fie answered die shrunk from ..him and coulJ not look him in the face. 41 tlf you have auy grief, tconfide in me.' 'tes,Iwlf T was never strong, you '? know.' ?' Ve will ?»?— « you, strong,' hcjaid, itrivflig to speak flheerfpUy. ' Sou are very good to me— too good, too goodr/ . ? Sbe(wafi on the verge otxears, «nd Jw ?fore- bore ti question her farther. All that lovo ?ould oo was done — without avail. Herpoace of jnirid*eemed to be destroyed. Bernard Maubray'a -most intimate friend was Dr. Weber, a physician of great skill and txperienoe, end from this friend he sought advice. Dr. Weber accompanied the - artist home, and ga.ve , a ggntle hint to Gabrielle of *he object of his nnexpatited visit. «Mv husband is mistaken,' she said, but ?till with that strange air of fear about her. *? I sin quite well. It is only a little weak .:-«?, that will pus oft. I am. glad to Bee !«m,Dr. Weber, *«8 fritud. I do not- rt- -We medical .dvioa,' Bravely as she spoke she ooula not com mand her voice ; her eyes filled with tears. Tears came easily now. ' Well, well, madame,' said Dr. Weber, ' behold me as a friend, not a physician,' During the ensuing fortnight he paid several visits to Crow's Nest, and making quiet observance of Gabrielle arrived *t a conclusion. ' Sue must hare change of air and change of scene,' he said to Maubray. ' Of the two I believe the latter is the more important. ?She has something on her mind over which she is brooding, and the quiet routine of her life may bo injurious. Map out a three months' tour, and do sot stop three days in one place. Take her to theatres where light pieces and light music are being played. A little frivolity will do noharro.' When the project was jinfolded to Gabrielle she assented to it gladly, even eagerly. It was as if a weight were lifted from her soul— from Maubray's also. His heart grew light at the relief expressed in her countenance. He showed her the plan of the tour he had mapped out, and spoke of the pleasure in store for them. ' We will start to-morrow,' he said. 'We!' she oried, and the light died out of her -face, ' Ton, I, and Valerie,' he said, wondering at this change in her, ' No, no,' she exclaimed hysterically. ' I must go alone— alone.' ' My dearest Gabrielle ? ' Bnt she would not listen. With a scared look around, panting and weeping, she cried again, 'I must fro alone— alone.' So great was the violence of her passion that- he ceased to expostulate with her. He would not, however, consent to her going without a companion, and after much urging and pleading a compromise was1 agreed upon, Valerie wasto accompany her, and Maubray was to rotnain at home. As, in accordance with Dr. Weber's advioe, the ladies were to stop no longer than three days in one' place, it was arranged that Maubray should address his letters to the ptaU rettante in the next town or city to which they were bound. 'You will write regularly,' he said to Gabrielle. 'Don't £*k me to ? promise,' she said. 'The moment I sit down to write a letter my head begins to ache.' ^ But Valerie promised to write two or three 'mes a week, and with that he was fain to be content. So the adieus were spoken, and they rode away. Valerie in her letters spoke more of Gabrielle than' of herself. Now the invalid was a little better, now .she was not quite so well, now she said she -was feeling a little stronger. Time and time again. did Maubray express his earnest desire to join them, if only for a week or afewdays,iut Gabrielle would not hear of it, and somewhat to his surprise he was dissuaded also by Valnrie, who before their departure waa very anxious that he should accompany them. Condemned to seclusion he took mental refuge in work, and jpent most of his time in the Binned Tower, where he- painted from memory a marvellous portrait of his wife, absence from whom intensified the love be bore for her. He wrote long letters to the absent ones, and. to Gabrielle he poured forlh his soul, .writing as a young man might have done under the influence of the first divine dream of love. If sometimes in Valerie's letters there was a forced gaiety, he did not detect it, having an eye only to the brighter issues of this enforced separation from those he held most dear. Thus month after month went by until four had passed, and then the ?thunderbolt fell. One morning, without any {intimation that he was coming, Dr. Weber ?ascended the steps of the Ruined To—nr. and [Stood in the presence of his friend CHAPTER XL Bernard! Maubray was putting the finish ing touches to the portrait of his wife, upon which until this day no eye had fallen but his own. With mingled admiration and 'distress Dr. Weber gazed upon the beautiful 'work. 'It, jives, Weber,' cried the artist en thusiastically; 'it almost breathes. What say you P' 'It is wonderful 1' replied Dr. Weber, oppressed by the mournful news he was intrusted to communicate. The sad note in the doctor's voice drew :Mauhray'B attention to bun; but he turned the next moment to the engrossing creation of his loving fancy. 'I did not wish you to see it,' he con tinued, ' until it was completed. It has been my principal occupation these last two months, and even now I am scarcely satisfied ; it is hardly worthy of the original, out who could hope to fix upon canvas a face and form so perfect P It is my gift to her upon her return , when she looks upon it she will .know that she has lived in my heart, .Valerie's letters lead me to expect that I shall not have long to wait ? for our happy reunion.' 'Ihaveheardfromher,''saidDr. Weber. 'From Gabrielle P' 'No, from Valerie.' -Again the. sadness of his voice attracted the notice of the artist, and now he gazed upon his friend .more attentively . ' I am goilty of great selfishness, 'he said, laying bis hand kindly upon his friend's shoulder. 'It is the. curse of our nature. Forgive roy apparent indifference. Yon are in trouble.' ' Yes,1 1 am in trouble ; but not alone for myself, Maubriy. There are sorrows which affect us -deeply through sympathy with those ?we love.'' Maubray's face grew pale as he laid aside his palette and brashes. ' Youhave received a letter from Valerie. Does this sorrow touch me ?' -' it touches you, dear friend.' 'Valerie .is ill,' cried Maubray. '^Then I must go to her. I. was too weak and irresolute;; they should not have gone without me. ; I must.go to them at once — iit once!' ' Valerie is well,' ; said Dr. Weber, and ?his ypice grew more grave. 'Good God I It is Gabrielle! Toll, mo .qniokly-r- quiokly ! Why did not Valeric write to.me? Speak,. man, speak ! There is something in your face ? ' 'Summon all your fortitude, dear friend. Vslerieidjd npf, write to yon direct because tbe /owed the .shock.' ' ?' Tbe- hock !' exclaimed Maubray, a vague terror stealing upon him. 'She is on her way home; she will soon be-here.' 'With Gabrielle — oh, thank God ! Gabrielle is ill, but we will nurso her into health. My care, your skill ? ' Sis agitation overpowered him, end he ooold not proceed. ' Valerie . comes , alone, ' ' said Dr. Weber, solemnly. 'Alone!' 'Dear friend, there are griefs which need all oar strength to bear. They come to all men; itlitheiumanlot. . But in the midst fif 'nnrjnjfrViriii liiiiirt * nhtiij -nnrfirBlaw nt ' thowwlttare BtiU left-«»,:*jidlrhD«» Ibri i w!UWp-.(-9ftMCT»Ue«ltere?t.«tj-Ats ^^*wnyifsT^rjw.^ejias^-;£»jtyvBBijiaiiii:S vfiJHfcf' TO|lffMw^.f^j|^Bn^iro^MM.fO)a«jinul,n / In ihat one word the revelation was fleaiti made. ; ;??' ; ' ?-.-..-'?? For many minutes neither «pok», ihenDt, Weber said, ' _ 'Valerie asked me to Break the sad news; she enclosed a letter for yon.' 'Leave me, Webec,'1 said «he bereaved man,- 'Do not speak, I cannot bear it. : Shi is gone! Gone!' Ha sank into a chair, and covered his faos with his hands. A black desolation fell npon him ; joy died out of the world ; nothing but pain and sorrow remained. The image of Gabrielle presented itself to him, as he first saw her in Paris whan love touohed his heart ; as he last saw her when she departed with Valerie. Had be but known— had he but known ! The inage slowly faded, and tbl world was dead. He did not wrap ; the blow was too crushing- for the relief of tears. Dr. Weber placed Valerie's letter on the table, and softly left the room. It was a fall hour before he stirred from his recumbent attitude, and when he raised hie head his eyes rested npon the portrait of Gabrielle. He had depicted her with a amila upon her face, and her lips seemed to be opening in the Act of speaking. Was it possible that this, dumb canvas should live and she be dead P No, it'was not possible ; some deceit had been practised upon him. But Valerie's letter dispelled this delusion ; the words swam in his sight, but reached his sense. ' She died in peace. Dear father, be comforted.' A smile, bitter in ito rebellion against the inevitable, came from his lips. 'Be comforted ! ' What could comfort a man living in a dead world ! This was a great tragedy in Bernard llau bray's lift), but in the heart of this tragedy was a secret, mercifully hidden from him by Valerie, the knowledge of which would have overwhelmed him with a deeper despair and a deathless horror ; .a ' secret whioh would have shaken to its foundations his belief in human and Divine goodness. Mercifully spared in deed, though his anguish was sufficiently poignant without that bitter knowledge which lay hidden in his daughter's breast. So overwhelming was the desolation of his soul that the presence of his dear child brought no oomfort ; that the presence of Madame Hart tnaun, who came from Paris to console him, brought no comfort ; that seeing them day by day, with the consciousness that they were watching his misery with sympathetic eyes, animated only with the loving desire to fin J a way to mitigate it, was an added torture to him. ' What can we do for you, dear Bernard t' said Madame Hartmann. 'Leave me to myself,' he replied. ' Nothing will help me but solitude. I must be alone to wrestle with my grief .' So it fell out — for their pleadings were useless — that Valerie was once more banished from his home, and returned to Paris with her aunt. ' You are not angry with me, father P' she asked him on the day of her departure. ' Angry with you, my child ? No— no 1' 'You will send for me! You will let ma come home again !' 'When I am at peace, Valerie, when I suffer less, I will send for you.' Ah, the pity in her face — the tender com passion with which she embraced the father ibe loved and honoured ! Was it treachery that she should keep her secret close, the secret that brought hot blushes to her checks, hot tears to her eyes, in the solemn watched of the night P No, it was the truest msrey, It lay in its grave at peace, but no grave bo deep as to help her to forget. To the last hour of her life its memory would remain. For two years Bernard Manbray kept him' self secluded in Crow's Nest, admitting no friend or acquaintance with the single ex ception of Dr. Weber, and be came uninvited. Upon the first occasion, indeed, Dr. Weber forced himself upon his friend, alarmed by the reports which reached him of the state of Maubray's health. 'It is useless to expostulate,' said «bo doctor; 'In here, and here I intend to remain. Fiien^B are scarce, and I do not intend to lose mine if my poor skill can save him. You are not over-pleased to see mo. Very good — or rather, very bad. Neither am I over-pleased to see you in the state you are. My dear Manbray — my dear Maubray ! ' The underlying- affection in this little speech brought a faint responsive smile to Jfaubray'i lips. 'lam glad to see you, Weber,' lie said. ' Forgive the coldness of my welcome.' ' I will forgive everything when I see th« Maubray of old before me. Not this Maubray that I see now — why, my dear friend, yon are like a ghost ! Now let us be practical. What is the matter with you P' 'I cannot sleep.' ' For how long has this been so } ' ' Many inontbs.' 'lam going to examine you. No protests ! I know my business, and you know yours. ?No denying that; and no denying either that to waste a talent — a God-given talent — is a heinous sin. How many pictures have you painted this last year P' 'Not one.' 'Then you have long arrears to pull up. You shall paint my portrait, so that a fitting presentment of myself may go down to an ungrateful posterity.' ' I cannot do it.' 'You shall do it. It is the only favour I have ever asked of you, and I will not bs denied. I will give you the first sitting to-morrow. Remember, I am your physician. ' I cannot put brush to canvas till I get some sleep.' 'I will ensure you sleep; the lonely life you are leading is sufficient to destroy yout nerves and your brain. When did you near from Valerie last ?'__ 'Yesterday.' ' Is she well P' 'She says so.' ' When did you write to her lastf ' 'A fortnight ngo.' There was reproach in the glance Dr. Weber cast upon Maubray, and he felt it. Life was beginning to stir within him : the friendly iinperiousues;, the healthy boister ousness of the doctor were telling upon the naturally healthy organisation of the artist. ' It is not like you, Maubray, to neglect so sweet a girl as Valerie — your only child, who loves you devotedly.' ' Do I neglect her?' 'Would you ask that question a second time, Maubray p' ' No. You are right in much that you say, in much that you imply. But yon see, I am worn out. The curse of sleeplessness un balances me.' Although Dr. Weber did not. approve of opiates, ho recognised the necessity of them in. this case. But be found that ordinary remedies were powerless to produce the need ful repose, and he was compelled to have recourse to a deadly drug of bis own pre paring, which had the dehirod effect. In a few days Maubray's eye was brighter, his »kiu whs regaining its natural colour. The drug Dr. Weber administered was a dissolv able powder, and nne of its virtues .was that it was tasteless and colourless, and ttiat it imparted no flavour to the liquid in which it was dissolved. Thus a person taking it unaware would nnt suspect its presence, and thfe peculiarity rendered it dfmgeroun. So great was the benefit Mnubray derived from it that he insisted upon being supplied with several doses for use, if needed, at some future Jiine when the doctor's personal ser vices might not be xvailable. Complying with this request, Dr. Webor was careful to explain (hn danger that lay in taking a larger dosp ?lan.Jie had prescribed. [to eb continued. 1 IMC — 7 A-w«nool Dentists' Society has been formed in connection with the Dental Hospital, Port land utreet, London. At-lhe inaugural lec ture it was etAt-^d that less than 16 per cent of school bnys and girls of an average age of 12 do not reqniro tome treatment for decayed teeth. 