GOLF. GOLF GOSSIP. By BULGER. The B.M.G.C. should be well represented on the home greens thiB year, as I have heard of a good many going there. In addition to Messrs. Finlay and Mac- kenzic, there are Messrs, Brentnall, Kay, T. M. Stewart, Alistor Clark, Godd, L/edingliam, &c.; Mr. Brentnall Mill be much missed, as he has been a great pillaj of the club ever since its start. He has been in turns hon. secretary, hon. treasurer, vice-captain, captain, and councillor. His experience and judgment on golf and golf ques tions are very valuable, and it is to be lioped that he will return still more learned therein, and, if possible, more enthusiastic than ever. Mr.-Sylvester Browne, "the captain of the B.M.G.C., left this week for a trip to South Africa. I did not see him before he started, so do not know how long he will he away. His absence, when so much is doing on the new ground, is a misfortune. During last week several people came to me; and corroborated what I have so often said about the tolly of a beginner having too i many clubs. 1 hare always said that three, { consisting of a -driver, a cleek, and an iron or masliie, are far better for a beginner than a large set. It is better to have a few clubs, and to know them well, than to have a big set. It iB all very well for a scratch player to have a big set, as lie can use them all, but, as a rule, a scratch player has not nearly as many as other people. One of my friends instanced how a man playing billiards does not hare a light cue for one shot and a heavy cue for another. If there is one dub more than another a beginner should not have it is a "lofter" or lofting iron. Yet it is the club that every beginner at once gets. It is the most difficult and dangerous club that a player can use, and is the club that scratch players are afraid of. The slightest variation in the hitting of the ball makes more difference in "the shot in a lofter than in any otter club. There is a good deal of discission at present at j tome amongst the ladies about a way of eliminat ing the seeond-elaBS players from the ladies' cham pionship. Certainly both the men's and women's championship require something of the kind. There are so many people enter who have not a. ghost of a chance. There -are tliree reasons why this should not be. First there is tbe long and uninteresting process of weeding tlteni out; second, theycausethe good players to play so many unnecessary games, and thereby add to the strain which, in any case, is too much for some; and third, they increase the lock there is in the draw, as one player might get near the final quite fresh, owing to having men drawn against 'weak players, while another may have bad tofight hard «11 the way. An instance of this -was Mr. Tail's victory at Sandwich, in 1890, where every player he met was an ex-champion, or as good as one. There are several plans sug gested of effecting this elimination. One is hav ing a qualifying medal round, and those who made the best scores would remain Is, as it is proposed to allow -Q4 to rsmaln in in. any case. It is im probable that anyone who 'was worse than the 61 would win the championship, so that, probably, no hardship would be caused. Another plan is similar to the above, only hiving Qualifying Bogey rounds, instead of medal rounds. Both these seem feasible. There is another plan which I like better, but to which there are so many objections in prac tice that 1 suppose one «f the above -will he pre ferred. It is that no one shoidd be allowed to enter whose handicap in her own club is above 5.1 It fleems quite rijht that a lady should do some thins lit Iter own dub More entering for the championship of the worid. It misfat debar a ris ing golfer, but Die chaaee of that is intbiiteamal. The real and fatal objections Is practice are that it might: not allow a sufficient number to enter to make a good matter, andalsethit the ladies' han dicaps are so variable. A lady Might have a 1$ han dicap in one <Sbib, «nd be *ct*tth in -another, so thst ^be vouia-only -hBT» to join a weak ehfl> and then Ae c*uld «nter, while a Superior -player who flayed 4n a-t»etter «Jub would be debarred. .The «ewTule8, say« "Oolf Illustrated," like the old, *>ott -fares altogether "from the catalogue of huard£,t>&t; thdr'almajt unlrar*)il j>n>8enee on in land eoui^ fioeiiiiB- to tnal« *w» local legisla tion ;on their acebittit Woti*arr. : y6r Inbtnd Subs, who ltdopt the new, fcode, and -tdajce oo local rule to the ^contrary, tt tree is abmftyaometMng flied ^fttt»*'^ ,Be <te)vied,1wt, vr brokSn," hSopcajflayer strike* it -lito but, but as It te not e may -ground hia club on a root or afayother . portion ?wthe tree on or ia whlchthe baft ttal while all ting*, IfeaVtt, % of 'the ball intybe xnond,-' sd that theSdl %s tnoved In so dolar. olub3i«JMrtM li»ke the»e points «ietr ®b; ..... lie It Is « wendort tree *8% httaW, and «uttf a ban lb* dose '' n wtWnjr»^y,<* wwr^wd tut out I said tlicy. were a good invention. There is another Mod on the same principle, which 1 think almost better. TJie amateur golf championship has now been: played for fourteen times, and it is remarkable Hot tlie hooGSF lies 1>eefl Equally divided between England and Scotland. While England, however, lias only supplied two winners, vis., Mr. Horace Hutchinson, who has won twice, and Mr. John Ball, who has won five times, Scotland has pro duced five, Mr. J. E. Laitfla.v and Mr. F. G. Tait, who have each won twice, and Mr. P. C. Ander son, Mr. Leslie Dalfour Melville, and the late Dr. A. J. T. Allan, who have each won once. 