AMUSEMENTS. THE ROYAL.— 'THE TYRANNl OF TEARS.' ?So clever and yet so intensely human a comedy as 'The Tyranny of Tears,' Haddon Chambers's greatest effort, has not been seen on the boards of a Sydney theatre for many a year, and the Broughs, in deciding to practically conclude their season with it, have done well and wisely. That is.if it be both well and wise to retain the best until the finish. As this popular combination will presently quit Sydney for some considerable time, it is almost a stroke, of genius to make the linger ing memories so sweet. Few plays have been heralded with so many flourishes of trumpets as 'The Tyranny of Tears,' and fewer still have so completely satisfied the expectations thus aroused. The English press has unanimously declared in its favor, each and every one vieing in -expressing thfe highest praise of its smartness, freshness, and highly- natural flavor, for it may be truly stated that artificiality, or straining after effect, is not seen within the compass of its four acts. And there is no great or glorious motif on which to hang its existence. Far from it, for the plot is of the most slender. But Mr. Chambers, in go ing into that sacred place — the hearth and home — has held up to the mirror a side of domesticity 'with which many men are, alas, but too ?well acquainted. In that lies the charm of the play. Not that all husbands have the mis fortune to betied to a Niobe of the Mrs. Clement \- Parbury type, but there are few who have not found how hard it is to withstand the defence of a torrent of tears turned on at just the critical moment. The man who would be deaf to a wo man's entreaties, especially when punctuated by the 'white pearls of sad reproach' would be ada 'mant indeed. That is the theme on which Mr. Chambers dwells, and whose title but too well sug gests its import. To those who have had the pleasure of witnessing Mr. Chambers's previous efforts, 'The Tyranny of Tears' came as a com plete surprise, for his vogue has never been re garded as that of comedy. In 'Captain Swift,' one of his most successful plays, produced by the way under the aegis o£ the old 'firm,' with Charles Warner in the lead, the tendency was stri kingly dramatic. Miss Ada Ward was at that time the best actress of the 'intense' school tten in Australia, and it was felt that a Genevieve Ward ?would have been required to adequately portray the part. Such a transition, therefore, from 'Captain Swift' to 'The Tyranny of Tears' speaks volumes for the author, whom Sydney claims as its very own. The play is a master piece of clever construction; it is no string of situations gathered together for mirth-provoking purposes, for even at its funniest it never becomes farcical. The witty passages are witty, while the dialogue never becomes tedious, nor 9o the epigrams seem forced. In other words, tho theme is purely human, and the language that of human beings, and not of puppets worked by the strings of an invisible showman. One can quite imagine the position into which Mr. Clement Parbury, the popular novelist, has been driven by his tearful spouse, and how he welcomed the appearance of his friend of the bachelor days, George Gunning, jiist to relieve the monotony of so humdrum an existence. The man who is cut off from clubdom, whose constant companion must be his wife, even to the extent of having his hair stroked into posi tion after he has ruffled it through thinking, and to the employment of a woman secretary because a man might tempt him from the paths of duty, would be frantic with joy at such a juncture. That is what Mr. Farbury is, and his eagerness to bring Gunning into the house after h.s wife has 'choked him off' is one of the sweetest touches of nature in the play. The recounting of the old bachelor days, the chat about old chums, and -the glee with which the novelist hails the proposal tp go yachting for a few days, are only equalled by the disgust engendered by the ever ready foun tain of tears which always threw a wet blanket on a proposal in which the tearful spouse is to have no share. The employment of the lady secretary, combined with the spirit of rebellion in Mr. Parbury, eventually put an end to the tyranny. Miss Woodward, the secretary and the thirteenth daughter of the proverbially poor parson, admires her employer for his strength, and as she 'afterwards explains, gives his photo a maternal kiss. Mrs. Parbury sees the act. and, although she cannot tell her husband the truth — and for that matter neither can Miss Woodward — ehe insists on the secretary leaving by the first train. This is the last straw, and Mr. Parbury, already coach ed -into rebellion by Mr. Gunning, declines to al low his amanuensis to go without good reason. Mre. Parbury, teai-fui. as usual, but unavailing, eays if the girl does not go she will leave the I house. Mr. Parbury is adamant, hoping his wife will give in. She is ahso determined, being buoy ed up by similar trust. Both are disappointed. Mrs. Parbury goes with her father, now a widower with bachelor longings and appointments with ladies masked as Masonic banquets. He pities Clement, for he has had some experience, but ad mits his daughter could give his late wife 'a Stone, and would romp home.' Eventually the wedded pair are reconciled, Gunning and the sec retary solve the Gordian knot by being en gaged. Just before all ends happily, Mr. Parbury reads his wife a lecture, which is well worth reproducing. He says: — 'If we are honest with each other, we may be in time to save ourselves from that most pitable and hideous of all states of existence — what is called a 'cat-and-dog' life. Have you never seen it — that domestic flower with the rotten heart? ' The thin outside pstals of courtesy, of hollow words of endearment before others, mask the ugly truth from the casual and the unobservant; but the in timate friends know, and the prying eyes of the spiteful are undeceived. That man and woman who appear in public wearing the veneered ghost OT a smile are walking in hell. Think of their private lives— the elow death of love— the ever growing rancor, the final dull monotony of ach ing hatred. Do you think such cases rare? Every rank of society has its examples. Do you think such a couple have deliberately sought their hall? Oh, no! They may have started as fairly as we did. Their love has not been slain by a blow— it . has been pecked to a cupboard skeleton by little ness, little jealousies, little selfishnesses, little tyrannies, little intolerances.' 'The Tyranny of Tears' contains but seven characters, two of which are subsidiary. The others are remarkably even, and it is doubtful if ever a play was so excellently acted all round. Mr. Brough gathered fresh laurels as Clement Parbury, and the majority of the audience bless ed him for his anathema on the telephone. Mrs. Brough was delightfully fresh as Miss Wood ward, and Miss Noble qapped her success in 'Jane' by her admirable picture of the tearful Mrs. Par bury. Mr. Dartrey's character-sketch of the gay old beau, Colonel Armytage, and Mr. Lovers handling of the coldly cynical sage, who succumbs eventually to a pair of blue eyes, completed the setting of excellence of the five principal charac ters. Mr.'Hafds's Evans was a capital piece of work, and what little Miss Gillies Brown had to do as Caroline was done well. - Act III. was re markable for the beautiful garden scene, painted' by Mr. Whaite, which earned him a double call. The play was enthusiastically received, and should certainly fill the bill until the end of the season. 