THE A.M.P. EXTENSION. The directors of tlie Australian Mutual Provident Society some time back gave formal notice of a special meeting, to be held on tho 20th insl., for the purpose of amend ing the by-laws so as to enable the society to accept business in rue i iiueu reinguoiu. As heretofore, proxy forms worded in tlie usual manner have been issued, aud all is in order for a vole upon l.he question on that date. The proposed enlargement, of the field of operations lias only been recommend ed by the .Sydney and local boards— in all, the society lias :it> directors— after prolonged consideration, resulting In entire unanimity that Hie step is a wise one; and tlie rights of minorities aro so well protected in the Society's by-laws that no sucli enlargement can take place unless the votes in favor are at least two to one. It was expected that the proposal would meet with some opposi tion; all proposals put forward by tlie Society have mot with opposition, which the direc tors naturally dislike to provoke. Ilut still, lit i mnftnt- Af' fhio lin + 111'O AvIlfAPOill thf> fllt'Ol'. tors and officers are in the best position to arrive at a sound judgment, they considered the point of amply sufficient. Importance to put it before tlie members, and there is no question that tliey have moved for the altera tions iu the usual manner. Tlio present position with respect to business outside Australasia is an nnomaly. Anyone who may have liuen for a few weeks in these colonics, and tnkeu out over so small a policy hero, is entitled, wherever he may af terwards he located, to apply for additional policies, and in this way considerable agency expenses are incurred In London and else where. But the Society is proven toil frotn accepting other business, however advan tageous 11; may be. Again, the Society may invest iu British Government, securities, hut has to do so through agents, and these agen cies are costly because there are so many restrictions placed upon t.hom preventing the natural expansion which would render theln profitable. It is curious that tlio opposition to tho directors lias come so largely from members of Parliament and members of the legal pro fession. Neither are qualified to give an opinion upon the subject, which can at. all compare with that of tlie directors. But neither profession Is particularly noted for liiishfuliiess, and, as is usual on such occa sions, it is the opposition which makes Hie noise, while, as we believe it will be found, the directors are quietly receiving a vast majority of the votes in favor (If tlieir pro posals. At first the opposition attempted to argue against the proposal, bul, when ll; came to argument, it was soon found that the opposition broke down, and we have heard less discussion of the proposal on its merits latterly. It lias been thought wisi:< to concentrate the attack upon the proxy form, as the most, vulnerable spot In the directors' armor. Perhaps II. is. Tlie proxy form is tlie same as tlio directors have been in the habit of using, and penults members to appoint anyone to vole for or against tlie proposed extension, but. practically asks members to support tlio dlioelors. "Oh! you ought to be neutral," Is in effect the outcry oi i ne opposition, nut ine directors are not neutral. The extension lias their unanimous support, anil why should lliey be called upon to hide the fact? Tliey cannot compel a member to vole as tliey desire, but lliey give him to understand that lliey wish him to do so, and Hull lliey consider it is for (lie general good Hint he should do so. Tt rests with the opposition to convince tlie members otherwise, uml we should consider (bat; a very hopeless task. The great majority of members will think, as we do, thai tlie direc tors are in a poslflun to know best. However, the hopelessness of the opposi tion in llial, direction litis now apparently led lo other luetics being resorted to. "Let us delay the vote, if possible," is the latest proposal. So they have got: together more than Hie 2b signatures requisite to cull upon the Society to hold it special meet-lug lo alter the by-laws, and have requisitioned the secretary to submit a new by-law to the members. That the proposed new by-law Is not within the ixiweis of the Society we argue in our financial column, but beyond that, we regard Its hopelessness as a matter beyond dispute. To make the alteration pro- pesed would necessitate u two to one vole against tlie directors, and is there the ghost of a show of getting it? Tlie proposed by law provides tlmt until n referendum of the members lins boon taken on a form such as was used during the Federal campaign, "no extension of the business outside Hie Australasian colonics shall be permitted," and that any provisions In tlio existing by laws which permit otherwise shall bo null and void. That would apparently mean that the existing rights of policy-holders outside Australasia would henceforth bo curtailed, which would be a. restriction wholly unjusti fiable. But the question Is whether tlie di rectors will call tho meeting under this re quisition. Possibly they will consider them selves compelled to do so. But tliey are not at all likely to postpone tho meeting which they have called for tho 20th Inst., and If at that meeting they secure an overwhelming majority. It will bo sufficiently evident that the requisition lor a subsequent meeting to undo wlint, lins already been accomplished will result In nothing. But it. will be si range Indeed If so many of the legal profession are found to linve advocated nn action which the Society cannot legally take. If such be tlie case, the requisition would lie foredoomed to failure from its own inherent defects, quite apart from any effort' on the part of the members of tho Society. 