LITERARY NOTES FROM ENGLAND. (From our Special Correspondent.) London, June 29, 1900. Stephen Crane when I saw him last was a fragile little man, who looked as though his soul and his imagination were eating him up. The fact really was success killed bim. From the moment "The Ked Badge of Courage" rendered him notable he be came the "lion" of the two hemispheres. America never "lionises" by halves, ami did her best triumphantly to kill him straight off. He fled to England and there partially recovered. Then Crane became a war correspondent, and also a failure. ''The Bed Badge" you know is a study of the psychological side of war and its effects on a private soldier, and was evolved en tirely from an exhaustive study of docu ments, military history, and the author's own wonderful imagination. It was bo convincingly real that the fact of the young pressman writer of the book being under 25. and never having heard a. shot fired, was widely discredited. Old soldiers recalled being present at such and such scenes, and even claimed to be the originals of Crane s characters. Later came an even more cu rious fact. The man who imagined the horrors of war so marvellously failed alto gether to describe them actually. _ His Greek war correspondence was "piffle," and even in Cuba he did little better. Yet "Little Stevey," as his friends and col leagues delighted to call him, was possessed ,of the highest and truest courage, the cou rage of the man of keen imagination, ani! he proved it on more than one stricken field- Those who have read with him ""in the open, book of. Death" can recall one ..memorable scene in the Cuban campaign— his first experience of real war. It was out side Guatanamo, and a company of Ameri can soldiers were surrounded by Spaniards. .Crane was .close to the fighting line—for be never shirked danger in the discharge of . duty—and he saw that the soldiers had run out of ivater. The temperature was some thing like 10S, and there was a high, steep hill to climb before water could be brought to the men. Yet Stephen Crane never hesi tated. Collecting about a dozen big bottles he retired to the rear, filled them. a^d turned to climb the hill again—"iiis little person festooned with bottles," as one wio saw t3ie incident de scribed it afterwards. When he reached the iighJting line lie dropped exhausted, aad this gave rise to a. report. *lhat fee hail been *=hot. Soppily it was not true. The soldiers were too busy to <!beer him al tihe nio ment, but they repaid him afterwards ?with tJfe warmest admiration. Thai was only one of several occasions on wtaic% 'he showed his genuine pluck. -Id Cuba Crane contracted malarial fever, followed by the yeHow varieiy, and was also 'shipwrecked and reported drowned. HU experiences dePelklt in a. small open boat "aionte on. She mdc, -wide sea" are described £n & volume of stories called "The Open "Boat," w!hic!h.' contains some of his best ?work. Crane 9xad been, ill for a long time lying at Dover. Ten days ago the doctors ? rewired.to discover -ivtoetilier the Black Torest would improve affairs. It, at any rate, settled them. In ten days, a£ tiie age -o£ 29, Stephen; Crane followed George Steereras "beyond Uhese. rodees." For a -tame "She ?worid, as per usual, greatly over ,^/boomed** Stepihen Crane and then dropped turn, wink tie result ttot 'his martet vsihie -decreased. Being intensely senatire, 'lie didn't realise that fte ihad. (had (his brief day and must now sink down (like dozens 4>e£ore (him) tx> ias correct position. He be lieved ins work has fallen off, and this motion and ill-SieaMh killed him. His repu tation really rests, and inU. rest, on his " toor de force, "Thie Bad Badge of Courage," aad in my opinion it ?doesn't told a candle to "Under fine Ked Crescent," by Dr. .."Ryan, of 'Meiboume. The ''Chronicle"' in T?-par. about Crane says:—'Mx was but v few months ago—just after hs& Christmas -^Ua*. Mr. Stepfhen Crone produced at ?firode-plajoe an amHring play, acted by ~- amateurs, and written by a sat of famous jnffites, wfareh. included Mr. Henry James, Mr. Barrie, and himself. The guests—and ffiefe "mere many of itihem—wfao jourae\\-ed .down thrbugt "Hue snow to the picturesque -and remote oM <house could not fail to notice^ tihat Sir. Crane's mind was burning Wtt Wb ?body. It was an. evidence of his fcmdly nature tfert he hiatj euarged himself jnSi the euppoPt of the children of a friend . s?k> were otherwise mtJruut means of sun port." ? . 'lhat George Warringlon Steevens was a bnlnant journalist and capital fellow no one could deny, but 1 doubt if he achieved that niche in the Temple of Fame whicli jUEtrnes a memorial edition of one's com plete works. However, here is vol 1 of ? the same containing a selection of odds :'XKi-f lu& o?,, the deceased"? '"PJI.G," and I '"p^ly Mail 'days and a biography by G. b. btreet and Henley. I contess 1 con ??^ *%? bit ot descriptive writing in tne.book bteevens's superb account o£ i an. operation for cancer in the crowded tbeate ai Uuy's Hospital. 1 don't know _ jAether the followmg scrap (X.8.—1 sent ?Inc article entire when it appeared) wiU read cnt away from the context, but even now it immensely impresses one-—'"The ; ratient ?s breathing in anodyne insen- BiPUity from the cup and bladder. Tlie r airgeon, tall, grey, bushy-browed, his lon? .-junds a model of delicacy linked with . etoength, is explaining the case to the stu ? dents; ?it is cancer, and he has authority cat it away. It is part of the miracle ' —only by now you have ceased to be su- pnsed—that he has finished his explana tion exactly at the moment tne patient N readjr for him. He steps up to the body, gives a keen glance at the stain on the arm, touches it. '"Scalpel," be says with out looking up, and the keen blade is in etantly m his hand. His hand is travelling over the arm—but surely not cutting. The flesh seems to divide before it, go ex- edged is the knife, so firm aad true the fingers and wrist. Little streams suddenly well up and trickle down the : arm. "Sponge," and a sponge has ap peared, and swept them away. "Clip/ .:&& a clip has glided from its tank and .has stopped the cut vein. Gradually it is only seconds^but they are packed with the interest of hours—there grows a deep . red gash behind the ever-moving scalpel. It moves a shade more slowly now; it is picking its way among arteries and a hair's . iceadth to left or right may mean death. jKo sound, but the sharp orders, and the perpetual gujih of water from the tap where the probationer is emptying the reddened water and refilling the Jjowl for *4&e;^clean sponges. -There remains the crimson chasm fringed with dips. Now comes what we have seen before; the clips come off one by one as the blood-vessels are tied up: the lotion washes all clean; the sash", which looked as if half the arm had been cut out, closes up to a natural form and size. And as . that dimly waking -woman is whisked away the surgeon, cal ling for a basin and passing it round, re sumes his remarks on cancer." *? Five years ago I proclaimed to Australia the advent of a new story (""The Time Machine") by a new writer (H. G. Wells), which was far beyond the ordinary and would inevitably create a stir. It did. and so did a volume of short stories called "The Stolen Bacillus," which immediately followed. From that point till now Mr. Wells has prospered, and deserved to pros per. Of only one of his books indeed did think indifferently, "The Wheels of Chance." This is chiefly the study of a young city counterjumper addicted to cycling and flirtation. l at first thought him a dreadful person, but then I didn't know his genus. Those who do pronounce that they could put a hand on many such. In his new novel, "Love and Mr. Lewi sham," Wells returns to the mysterious existence lived by the cultured lower mid dle classes on nothing a year. His hero wins a South Kensington scholarship and lays down the schema of a great "career." Unluckily, whilst usher at his first school an innocent little walk with an innocent little girl leads to a sudden rupture of the schema, and our hero returns to Lon don to starve and study on the scholar ship. Here in time the solemn little fel low all but forgets his northern sweet heart and forms "other ties." Fortuna tely he finds her just in time acting as decoy and assistant to a professional spiritualist. A rescue is attempted, and then the two babes-in-the-wood get mar ried. How they starve in their empty nest and what becomes of the schema and the career you must in fairness discover for yourself. I daresay the book will find more readers in London than in Australia. "Its inner and accurate knowledge of a stu- dent class existing only here is one of its chief attractions. Ite a capHtaUy-drawTHip descriptive cata logue ?£ #heir adinirabfe library of cheap novels Chat*o & \Vindai* u-ave added -various recoromem'a'nons of novel reading from divers authorities. According to .James Payn, novels "are an anaiHthetic—the Messed tjhJoroform of the mind. According to Thackeray, tfe-y are s.weeSs ?w'hi'dli all peopie with healthy lii-teraxy a.ppet£tes lore. According to Sir JoUin HersiiheU, on die tjthej^ hand, fJie novel is one of the most powerful engines of <aviHsa.tion ever in vested. According to Lord Justice Bowen. ii is an engine, two, but an engine to carry us Snio fairyland—"The bell rim>-, tlie dbory starts, anvl in a. moment we tire a sSmosanri miles from all our cart illy troubte, our business offices, ami our faunes." According to Louis Stevenson, ggo&B; at fiction edSfy and instruct; they repeat, they reuTonge, tiiey clarify the les*>n? of hie. So tlie ?vi*e und me weary, | flic simple aud liie seriou.-. may all fall to , u-itiii -a good toiiscieiK-e. Mewirs. Onawo a , li>i. is for ail M.-ne*; fcerc are- tales old and ? new, long an.l .-iiorc, auibvuous and unat sunvW, realise -.nid romanliv.—\\\ ijkie Collins and Zola, Anthony Tr.illope and -Mr. Allen L'liw- arJ. Aud it is iirteresuns "> the <xi*e of tie older novels to read -wme 01 the coateuiporary verdicts-. The "!?I' ec" t.itor"' ivas ddigined to cM bir (then Mr.) Walter Kesant giving iiiauseh unre.-*rvedl>' to fain- taJe at die end of "All Morte ami Condition's of Men" whAi hi1* Palace of De hgliu, ami 10l tiie fairy ssory came true. And it is pood to be reminded mat t<i ivard Firztieraid read "The lonian ia White"' three consecutive €Sirw4mases, ami each t-nic, us Sic told Frederick lennyson, it wan to hi* prtuit sorrow when fue story came to an end. Me.-*-rs. Ghatto will pubhsu early m Se]Kember .Sir Waller Besant,* new novel, "The Fourth Generation." Virile capable, a-nd. as usual, marvellous for riie accurui-y of fheir lee'imca" details Kipling".* "Stories of the War" in- the "jiuiUy Exprea-" give us eometiirce to K??. forward, to eith morning wivti out mtjtui: cul ?(*?-* and -bicon. Tiiey reaenable l'lain TaW'wther-tbau the aurnor's Utter work, and he reverts to the preliminary versi ele:— Put forth to sralcb, unschooled, alone; "Twin hostile cartli and sky: Tlie mottled lizard, 'nealh the stone, is wiser litre than I. iiiio i* the ?ld tiling and -t"ue real thing, md the true jw-ition of the Hnt^aer al t'lie irciiiL is not likely to be more penectiy iiil oft in any quatrain diat 'has yet to be n-rii?/n. The iwrnpou-s, ineapalile, brain less jack-in-office i- our Kudyand's special detestation, and I fear the KJs.O. of '?tolly Bridge"* will have a sad time .should he be recognUed. ~ The "Speetaior" trusts tiiat tlie bniiiant "Stories -oi the War" will oe widely pe niccd. "We are anxious that they should be read because cirey contain lessons of the v.ur, moral and physical, theoretical and pracricul, which' ii £? esstntial that the ua tiou should learn' ii it is- to bteoroe lit for its work —if, that is, it is to survive in The great international struggle for existence, rhese tultss tell us wirii poignant iteration that we must learn to work and (to under -itand tJiat we must be honest at heart in isiead of "being arrogant fools, and fnat must give up-tiiie 'habit oi always trying to despise soiucFiumg. We can-not, of course, epitomise fcilt a dozen stories, Jjut we must .single out for special praise the won tterfui study of the nrang British suOaitetn ia 'The Outsider" in Tuesday's and Wed nesday's "jJaily Express.' 'He devoted uimseif with no thought of wrong to get ting ar-- niucli as possJbie out of -title. Tidiest and easr&-t life tJie world 'has yet made; and to despising the "outsider""—the man beyond !his circle. He did it blandly, po lit^lv, unconsciously, wulli perfect sincer ity. " As a child -Jie had learned early to despise his nurse, for she was a ?rvaut and a woman; iiis sisters he iiad looked, down upon' and his govencear for much the same reason*. His lrome atmospliere had taught him to dcs-pise the terrible .tiling called ?"dissent."' 'So the list goes on of die things despised by ch'is thick- headed- t=ol dier, who, nevertireless, was *incal*a-ble of a lie or a mean action.' The picture is, we fear, to a great estent a true one, aad we .-tie heartily g!nd thai (Mr. Kipling is going lo get to clo^ quarters wicb iinis national vioe, d&:pusing—one wnieh is '|?n- erting, defacing:, debasing,' our whole social life."' The importance of suioaWe weaL'her in iic-tiun. as in life, can hardly be overrated. A writer in Vhe "'Century Magazine"7 points out that the novelist fliio will allow Iris hero to die to the acranrpaniment of a clearing sky and a weSccriy breeze con fesses iiimflpif a txTo. He should ritudy riie meiliods of I'he old uands. The foliowiivg meteorological effects, for example, are be yond rej>roacu: — ""The race of a tiny baby's cry. vridhin t'lie (hctrse for the hr.st time in 'M years gave notice to all the retainers ,'rihat a new lord had come to Aircliflre Castle. Out side the peep of new- born robins, across tlie sky ulie Hoeing forms of feathery clouds touched nHit'h the coloring kiss of ro-y raora." "A'tlhwart the heavens dark, heavy, thun derous clouds ytole istealtlbily. Tne pre scient boom of distant thunder jjresaged the coming storm. Oh, Sir Giles, wake iin! Do you not ccc iSie villian vflio is to strike at thy feir young Hfe?" ""The rain came in. fitful gust/?, and anon the son shone forth. Keee>- clouds, driven hither by fickle winds, careered across the rifts of blue. Lieutenant Clifton, twirling hia moustache with impatience, waited tne answer of the mercurial Evadne." "Tne sleet fell in. swirling, stinging sheets, as if eai. Jii ].>ortiele were bent on re minding Mercy liiat the had sinned."' These may 'be the methods of .'ohe "old bands,' but liie very old 'hands sjeek con trast, net harmony. Like lsben, \tho causes winshine to break out- wii'h mali cioas g'ec at the momou' of die catastrophe in "Ghosts." In the "Contributors' Club" of the "At lantic" a writer i>roposes a revival of satire, but fatiricaliy pleads that, if re vived, it should not attack literature, since '"the ideal literary conditions now exist, and they must uot be mocked at." The existing ideal conditions are Uiese:— "li trained advertisers ina&e; a man's novel succeed his future is made. He: can go on writing novels until his invention fla^s, and tben he <"au write magazine articles, telling how each one of them was written. Then he can take to writing reminiscences; and after that anecdotes about his early contemporaries. Besides, he can at any stage of bis career deliver profitable lec tures and give readings, from his own works. It is seldom1 that a man once started fails in literature now that it ha-> become a deparUueut of commerce." Admirers of Mr. Barrie, who has got no nearer South Africa than Bournemouth, will be interested in knowing that the Rev. William C Conn, minister of the "Avid Licht"' Church at "Thrums" (Kirriemuir), having withdrawn from the Synod ot United Original Scceders, has been received as a minister of the Established Church of iScotland. Mr. Conn, who was ordained at Kirriemuir in lditT, was, it will be re membered, charged by the "Auld Lichts" with being guilty of the irregularity of preaching in the pulpits of other denomi nations, a charge which the l*resbylery did not, however, sustain. Who shall say there is naught in here dity when one finds Harold r'arj?m and his'sister again appearing as composer and librettist of a promising operetta, aud Mi". Konald Macdonald, son of George llac donald, producing a romance of that fas cinating lu'storical iisriod, the days oi James 11.. the Prince of Orange, and "Bloody" Jeffreys':; That the publisher oj this n'r.-t book should be none other thaa. the mighty Murray (John Murray) himself is of itself no small feather in the young author's cap. The story has been chris tened ""The Sword of the King." The pent'emen iv4o are said to be "rais ing (Sim" bei-ause tieir likenesses appear as illustrations to a story in one of the June magazines surely ctm"t be, as Che ?'\oidemy'' states, Mr. Le Oallien-ne and Sir. Harmsworoh. The ritorj- tlie '"CSiroo icle"' meant and described as rougily re tembling in plot Anstey"s ""Giant"s Kobe " must be ""T-lie Wrong Aut3ior"' in "Petir f^n's--,"' but there arc no i-iotures there of Le tJa?h?ine. Tsie latier bard's famous ;ttrti.mercoas lodes are as well known as la?irs <liHj?-onki>, and besMe* J<An Lane, not Harmsworth, is liis publisher. The pre siding genius of Vigo-street may be in the illustrations, but I can't h'nd him. Bret llarte's "Condensed Xovels" toh fciined some of his t-lerenest work, so lliat everj-one will be curious to t=ee wlhat sort of li-aml lii^ ""ill nisike of Kipling, Amohony Hope H.swliins-, and Conan Dojie. The trio ?M 'tulcr- -.lie to i>e c-.iU'ed '"Soldiere Free." "Ruiich the Rc-emWer,'' and "The St-nleii Oi2ur-<"ase Mysterj"." Marie Corelli's books always sell mode rately well, but 'her revive neither to ad vertise nor ro Kind out review copies h iiaring a parkms effect on "Hoy." This sfory mi?ht, ordinarily, iiave been a "'boom" like "Tlie lli^ity Atom," us I'm toM the baby is a triumphant instance of its s]M7ck.'s: in facu very well done. Mr. B. L. J-'ar.H>oii has. aciording to "Literature." nunlc a si^nitiuint departure in his new lniok, "The Mesmerists," which Tilessrs. Hutchinson will shortly publish. The volume will not"only contain the novel, but a ftlaj- in four nets, founded on the s'r.ry. running to about !:? pages. Tlie ob ject of this is obrious. ilr. Farjeon, like I many other novelist!-, Ims suffered by Hie production of unauthorised versions of liis works on the sst-ape, and by his new system he takes the matter into his own hands. Among other boots which Messrs. Hutchin -:on will publish shortly are Mrs. Lynn Lin ton's last novel, "'The Second Youth of Theodora Defiances;" "The Man Stealers," l>y Al. I'-. Shiei; and a new novel by Mr. Kiiiest Rhys. Air. .Janus Lane Allen's new novel, "The Increasing Purpose" (formerly announced under the title of '"The Hempbreaker"), will l>e published shortly by Macmillan and Co. TLe keynote of the story is given in Tennyson's well-known lines from "Locks ley Hall":— Vet I doubt not lihroujrh the affes one increasing liurposo runs. And the tliouplrts ?>f men are widened wilh the process of tUe sun;. 