LOCAL & GENERAL NEWS. Akngat, MiiiniNO.—The annual meeting o f the B raid wood Ladies' Benevolent Sociefy. is: dated for JJ'Hiday liext-at 3 p m. • in the Council Chambers^ the Mayor presiding- . FOOTHALT, — A match was played ou the ReC. oh Wednesday between the: Half Holiday and Fire Brigade teams, the former, winning by 12 points to nil. Mr. .Shepherd acted as referee. ••..••.-: •-. A Liii'fiii OiiDEii:—At a concert intended to be held in Queanbeyan last Wednesday evening, the programme, consisted of .some 32 items. No charge was made for admis-r sion, beyond a collection in aid of the Indian famine relief fund. : ;- with \- A HUGH ^ESSEL^H.M.S.. Europa, relief cie«s for the Australian Squadron, lias arrived in Sydney, and is the-largest: cruiser, to visit the colonies-, being next in size to the Powerful and Terrible Her displacement is 11,000 tons, engines' 16,500 horsepower/: speed 20 5 knots, length 435ft. REPOI!TKD <3or,fj DrscovGiM';—Rumors were current at Captain's Flat during- tins-week that good gold lias been struck in the Lake. George.-'Co."n prospecting shaft at ^Copper Creek. A number of leases were pegged out by mosnlight ou Monday night, last along the supposed line of lode. EXCURSION — Special rxcuision tickets will be issued to Sydncy.aud iiitcrmediatestations on Monday, -25ill June, by train leaving Tarago at 11.20 p;mi The return fares to Sydney are 19= 9J first, class,; and 13s 2d second class The sheep show opens in Sydney on :28ili June. •••-:• \- WESLEYAN.—Rev. S. H, McDade wilt -not, as announced -last Sunday, -preacn in the Wesleyan iGhurch on Sunday morning, but there villi be a special lantern enter!a n ;: meiit onSuuday.evening in a id: of the Indian famine fund: The other.Icctures announced will be devoted to the general working of the Wesleyan Church. MlL1i BIU0ICS.—Jt is said "that the tulit! brick :is becoming: quite familiar in -some, continental countries.. In Denmark,, the exportation.of milk, frozen-into blocks about, the size and shape of common bricks,,is as-; suming great dimensions. One Copenhagen house- sends out as many as 110,0001bs:weighi of milk per week in this fcrin. . . . SL'. BUDE S.-^The mission: ECI-VICGS during the week have been largely allended,;aiiQ at Devotions each evening the church has be«m crowded. Tho Eermons..deli.vei:ed:by Father, Qainn have been earnest and calculated to cause serious reflection. . At ,10 a,m. . t<»s, morning tlie Fo'-ty IJoiirs' Adoration will commence, ^concluding* with .the -Solemn. High Mass at .11 aim, on Sunday, the mission' concluding the same evening. MnsTCi—The newspaper correspondents.at the front, have all different-ideas ..-concerningthe mastc of ballets. - The London" Post ": correspondent, in describing the sounds imde by various missile.-'j referred to the peculiar noise made by a ricochetting.Mauser, bullet, as being " like the coughing of a sick ghost.'! The " Globe said-its experts^ avowed ;ifc. . was very much more akin io: the groaning of a gouty worm. . .. AMBUICAN: DAIRYING.—Some idea of the size of :the dairying industry in the United Stales is readily derivable from the statement that in Iowa alone there are 90,000:creamery patrons. It may also be noted that American creameries are shipping bu tter. packed.in one, two and three pound cans to- Japan.- , This butler is shipped to. theiPacific Coast in-refrigerator cars, : thence in refrigerator streamers, to Ja pan,-where it is said to arrive in quitecscellent. condition. •NEntTGIiN. DlJEDGINGV-^Mr. P.: L. Tighe, who- represents. New. Zealand capital, has taken up a few miles on the Clyde River from below the weil known Clydemall-iw Creek for dredging purposes. ,, A deposit hasbeen sent, and the, survey -fees .paid. The prospects obtained from, the .-locality-rarer satisfactory.: The plant is exj-.eeted to be in full working order within :12.monfhs. i : The; Jfelligen people are jubilant at the ;prospect of genuine development.: . - : . GotDi—A marked divergence is apparent lu the appearaucc:aiid;:worth of :lhe gold. won. from^various river.paddocks in NiS.W, - The. Turon gold varies from extreme fineness to coarse nuggets iveigbing np to 13dwt, The, Kiandra gold has:nnggets np-to^oz, is more waterworu, and has evidently travelled a greater distance. Both the Tiiron and the Kiandraiare worth £8 15s -per-vz, nnd ihe bars melted: from both arc pale in color owing to the presence of silver. . The Proprietary, Ara1uen; yields.a bright vgolden- SBnd, some: of it as-fine as icing sugar. . ; It is worth £4 Is per ounce. \- CoNCEHT.—Iii 4tis iBsiie Mifcfi M . E. Tay'or announces^ concert .-to-be ; given ibyi - hen pupil6, assisted :by, leading .foiiaI amatuersjillaid of the Hospital funds. Apart from the -deserving object of the concert, 1 : it may be. well to obserpe thij t Miss Taylor has rect-i ved. . most ifavorablo; not irps'frpm: lhpmc^vopolitau musical critioF, ras-beinit oiie tjf M. Kowalski's most giftpd pupils, so that opr musicloving public may esppct a musical treat -of no ordinary chaiocjer. It -mi)y be addpd tjipt .Miss N; Maddirell is acting as honscc.Eo.tliiif .with.two-such local- favorites, the.success sof-- the cntcriainmcut may be deeincd aBBUicd. . r PliOGiiESS.—The deinauds of-a rapioly in ci easing:. -busiucHS 'have. forcedsMr., Mat, Keenan to take-possession, of the commodious and cunt ral premises right opposite the " Ex-: 7iress%©ffice.'rt«A <3istinct'fea,tur,e has been introduced into country business progress byi tbe innovatioiiE made by Mr. JIeenaiij who lias erected at the rear of his shop a power-" -ful-steam engine, to supply motive-, power, : and also the heat, necessary for eookiug^.peiS. atious in thc small goods department of large. : bufcliei ing- establishments.- Ai-rangements.; have been made for the . immediate erection of a'complete acetylenefgas plant, whicbi^in: itself is rather a novelty; Mat ^promises., to liavca "show" on Saturday that will in all respects be equal to that .of the largest :businesstof'tho kind,'either country oiV imetroDOr litari. We most certainly -trust that bis! en ergetic enterprise will be am ply. justified m.the -future, .as in the past; A -visit of inspection will prove highly, satisfactory; . 