CHAPTER XII. has the bead eijkn ? Madame Silvera sung her sweetest notes. She swayed men's hearts as the wind bends boughs and leaves. threw upon each one present a spell that only genius can cast around her, yet never once did Esther Bruce look upon -blw Dlwgo^'uovtr.oaov di^lior oye» -wan der from the dark face in Lord Damar's box. Of course it was all nonsense; Paul Lynne lay dead, sleeping in the far Australian plains; but she loved him so dearly, and there was something in this stranger's face so like him, that looking at him was pleasure mingled with sharpest paiu. All the brilliant present faded from liar—the opera house, the brilliant lights, the beauti ful women—she was a girl again in her fatherV house, and Paul Lynne ever at her side. She would have liked, just for once, to havo spoken to the stran ger, to have heard his voice, if it was like that of her dead love; then she smiled sadly to herself. The grave does not give up its dead; those who fall This stranger was a gentleman, asleep know no waking. She smiled more sadly still as she thought of the contrast between .this man and the man she Joved. hard, laborious toil; the stranger was dressed in stylo and fashion suitable to his rank. On one finger of his left hand shone a diamond ring of inestim able value. He was here in attendance upon one of the most brilliant women in London. Paul Lynne never wore daimonds, neither was his place among the great and wealthy. How foolish was she to dream, yet she dreamed on, never taking lier e3'es from tha,t dark face, heedless of every thing going on around her. " I should like to know his name," she thought; "it would be a real pleasure for me to know who it is that resembles Paul Lynne. I should like to seo him again', t°o. The years fall from me as I look at that face." The curtain fell. Esther saw. the beautiful lady rise, as though she were weary. She saw the gentleman whom she had watched so eagerly advance hastily and offer his arm, which the lady proudly waved from her. She caught the gleam of the jewels, the flash of the dark eyes, the sheen of the rich dress, as they passed slowly out of the box. "Who is that?" asked Esther to an I old gentleman who sat next her, " the lady just leaving that box." "That," said the old man, quite proud of her appeal, "is the Laay Blanche Da mar, daughter of Lord Damar, the old gentleman with her." "Thank you," said Esther, somewhat ashamed of her abrupt appeal. "Now can you tell me who the young gentle man is—the one just opening the box door for her?" "I am fortunate," said the old man with a smile, " for I know that gentle man also. He is Sir Alan Ayn'sley, of Carsdale, just come into possession of a large fortune. He was in the office of my employers this morning." " Thank you," said Esther again, and she repeated over and over to herself the name, Alan Aynsley, yet could not remember how and where she had heard it before. "I am afraid, Miss Bruce," said her companion, as their cab drove off, "you have not enjoyed yourself. You look more as though you had been looking at ghosts than seeing a splendid opera." " I have enjoyed myself in my own way," replied Esther. "Lady Belmont is very kind," con tinued Mrs. Hope. "It is not every great lady like her who would care to remember how much her nursery gover ness likes music. You may really think yourself very fortunate to be so kindly thought of. Here we are at Belmont House: you will get out and I will go on home." Esther, with a start, thanked her kindly; she had been in a deep reverie and had not heard Mrs. Hope's kindly meant conversation. " It is very good of ypu to go out -with me," she said. " I am so passionately fond of music, yet I could not go out aloneand I have no relation, no friend in all the wide world. If it were pot for you I should be obliged to spend the long evenings by myself." "I am pleased to be of service to you," said the old lady; "whenever you'-wish to go anywhere let me know." "I will not fail," said Esther. "Good night; I shall dream of Madame Sil vera. She went rapidly up the broad flight of marble steps that led to the magni ficent mansion where Lady Belmont re 'sided. Tlio-hall porter, as he opened the door, spoke familiarly to. her, and Esther Bruce passed him with the wounded dignity of an injured queen. The large house seemed almost de serted. True, it was brilliantly light ed : but my _Lord and Lady Belmont had gone to "a. grand ball, and were not expected to return until .in the early hours of the morning. The chil dren had retired to their rest and the servants were enjoying themselves in their own quarters. Esther went wearily up the long, broad staircase, past corri dor after corridor. TJslially she walked with a light step and a light heart, but to-night she was not herself; the face in the opera box had unnerved her. As she passed by the suite of rooms set aside for the use of the children she went in to look at them. The little girl, Constance, her favourite pupil, lay fast asleep. Harry, the incarnation of all mischief, and heir to the house of Belmont, had evidently gone to sleep, against his will; the rosy arms were, still raised in protest, the golden curls tangled with the last struggle with his nurse. Esther walked quietly through the nursery. Good, kindly Nurse Heaton sat there, with the last arrival in her stout arms. " Good evening, Miss Bruce," she said, "I hope you have enjoyed your self!" "Very much," replied the girl with a smile. She reached her own room at last, where Nurse Heaton's thought had prepared everything for her—a small fire, for the evening was chilly,. and a nice little supper, comfortably placed on the stand. But Esther Bruce heed ed neither. She fastened the door and then sat down, never removing even the cloak from her shoulders—sat down fco think and to dream. The strong, passionate heart vibrated yet. Tho sight of a face so like that of licr dead love had set her blood aflame. The dark, lustrious eyes were full of firo: a red flush burned on her cheek. Slie sat some time, lier faco resting on hor hands, then paced restlessly up and down the room. "My love! mv love!" cried the girl, "why cannot I forget you ? Even from tlio gravo you call me to you; dead you haunt me as you did living. I think of you, long for you and forget the arms are cold, the lips silent. I forget the dark valley between us. Ah! why can I not die or cease to suffer ? Is i,t given to other women to love as I love, suffer as I suffer, to lose as J have lost? They smile and dance and sing; they aro crowned with flowers, I with thorns. Why should I be more con stant than they F The man I loved was not false; he is dead. Men are false to them, yet they laugh, wliile_ I—oh, my God!—my life is one! long sigh and you know it!" 