M1TH0UT A HOME. Br Mus. Baeu. CHAPTER XIV. SEEEBIKG TIES. SSi 'Really, Ada, tins is very uoex p pc ted. Wbat lias brought about ft tliis decision ? Tu tell the truth, I do not understand why you should leave a home where you ore scarcely if treated as a servant.' B- ' I am fully sensible of your ex p -veding kindness, dear lady,' replied If ihe girl, in a rich, melodious voice ; i; ' but I canDot stay. There are f*A reasons fur this that you cannot understand were I to explain them, which is simply impossible. I know [si you have spoiled me — that, go 1; where I will, I shall not find another rJ t' home liko this ; but I must go.'' j* i ' lliris Meredith made some en 5 \ qmries aliout you this morning, aud U seemed to tbiuk that she had seen ' you be f ire. but was baffled when siielipai J j'our name. Did you ever . sec her before 1' 'Oiicj,' replied Amy, truthfully, 'l'eiiops she would like to see you. She said she would call in iho mui'Miig without company.' ' Amy threw up her head a little pr m J ' ' Miss Meredith can have I.V.- 1 illQI linRQ with n,P 1 n'liiiiM 1 i !, c to leave this evening, if i , yiiu'i! l -l ::ie ^-e.' i ' Certiiiiily you can go, if you are I r.-i' on so doing,'' replied the lady, ; ta k:!-« out her purse nnd paying the ^iil her na^cs. 'You have ' 2v!: I oe.i (.litliful, and the extra money ' i-. a I'RWftrd for your kindness to T. -:ia.' g A :iy turned amy, unable U .Vi,1 spi-jk, and went to the library, where !-:?) I:.i le good-bye to her fitv-ni-ites, with streaming eyes, .f&l-; My, i»-\ ! What docs this mean 1 ii'l Wliit ;ire ynu crying for, Ada?' ? .iskcd Herman Singleton, as he suddenly into the room. Jjj' '? C.'cime I am so miserable,' she ? t -e[iliod, fii:i'.]y. ' Everything seems 13 m- Wl'Oil ; 'Wlr.t lias gone wrong?' he i nike.l, kin lly. ' Has Rena got one i of!,er tantrums again ?' -:i ' Xo,' she replied. ' Mr. Single , tnn, 1 am guing to leave, aud I do ii: ''l'e tliese books so much. It seems ?'i like parting from old friends to leave ?'I them.' ' Why are you going to leave us ?' 'j ho enquired, gravely. ;. J lieciuse I must I can't tell ' you why ?' !? 'I thought you had no friends, Ada ; what are you going to do in ; j - if' this large city without a protector ?' I * j ' Wliat huudreds of others do,' | ? | she replied. ' Fight my way, con ^ test the road, and if I fail it will not be because I lack courage. ' What ? !.s4 do you think I have been doing £ these two years ? I suppose you'il ?J laugh at me, but I have been pre ' paring myself to teach.' * If a thunderbolt had fallen at ilia feet Singleton would scarcely bave teen more astonished, and his sur prise did not escape her uotice. 'I suppose you think me pre sumptuous,' she continued, hur riedly, ' but I was born of parents who instilled into my mind a love of knowledge ; parents who little thought their only child wouid have to battle with the world as I have had to do. When I came here and found these books, and learned i % that I could have access to them, I ♦ determined to improve the oppor i tunity, aud I have no cause to re proach myself, for I have gathered many a sheaf in these two years, J 3 and stored them for the future.' ' \\-~i The slight figure of the girl was ; 1 | erect now. Tho large brown eyes ; j — her peculiar charm— were glori jj« I ously bright with the enthusiasm fi Vj of her subject, and looking up into -f J f- his face as she fiuisheJ, she abruptly ',4 [ asked: 'You think me quixotic, | ' and my ideas visionary, don't you?' ' ' 'I thiuk you are on the verge of fi a grand womanhood,' he replied. She raised her eyebrows, and her . tt , forehead knotted into a heavy 'si : frown : ?' 1 asked you fur an honest : opinion,' she said, reproachfully, j ' Shall I tell you what I think 1 | Then I will. Your perseverance is ? } simply sublime ; your industry puts ; ; ? I | to shame older persons than your f self, and the mauner with wbich ' ir;|i you have worked, unaided and f;sl| i alone, is truly remarkable. I bave ' \~j ! watched you the past years, ever J since you asked my sister for the ;| ' me of the library, aud I bave seen j how you sometimes made mistakes :';i. '| ! in the selections of your volumes, f but, in the main, you displaced ex , * -f : cellent taste. I Lctievo you will f succeed, and you have my best ;? . » ; wishes for the dual attainment of fi ? your goal.' i He turned to go, but came back. -1 1 ' J^a' ' ^ 0111 ke'P you. I d° , /':.?] I bo. Money I have in abundance.' ' HI I ' y°u - ^ut ^ muBt work ?il * my own way. If I reach the desired V I ? goal, it will be through my own i ^ f exertions.' ? ! 'Think well. Money is a power ? ful auxiliary.' | J ' One that I don't possess. Tour ?in words of praise are the first that i I have received from any source, . :.R| j and they are very welcome ; but I J'3 ( do not desire help from any one s without rendering an equivalent — i ! tbat I could not do in this case.' ^ 1 ; ' You are independent !' said the : : gentleman, a little sharply. The blood mounted in a brilliant jij j glow to her face. ' The lessons of 'ip ? life, learned in the school of adver sity, are not likely to teach us d« pendence on tbose about us,' she . {fi£ replied. . -- '? ' You talk bitterly for a girl of / Ii y°ur ag0.' be remarked. ' Ada, m .i what is the cause of it I Has life pi? held do happiness, no joy, do plea |||: '? sure for you all these years that you Iff have lived !' |jj 'Yes,' she contiqnei, 'uaiil I i |1; was twelve years old mjr life was j one continued flush of happiness, j. with only one dark cload. tlie death i s' if- wy mo^'ler- though I was aknest '{ ; K- too young to realize my loss then. My father diod when I was in my fourteenth year, and since then my life lias been one continued struggle with poverty.' ' It is very strange that you have no friends, no relatives.' ' I have relatives, but they are insensible to my welfare. It makes no difference to them whether I sink or swim. I don't know why I sbould be telling you all these things,' she added. ' Because I asked you,' he re plied. ' Your confidence shall be respected.' ' You have been very thoughtful and kind to me since I have been an inmate of this house. Allow me to thank you for your many little acts of courtesy.' 'I should be better pleased if you would let me assist you.' ' You can do so by giving me directions where to find a respect able and cheap boarding-house V Herman Siugleton stroked his moustache in perplexity. Cheap boarding-houses were not much in his line, but, thinking for some mo ments, it occurred to him that he bad accidentally heard of a small house in a quiet, respectable street, where one could get cheap board. A friend of his, a csllege associate, who bad more brains than money, lived there, and taking out a card tbat had been given to him, he told Amy of it, and gave her the address. ' Remember,' he said, ' that the offer of assistance is open to you a year hence as well as to-day.1' ' Oil,'' she cried, breaking down, ' your kindness makes it harder to go. I came here as a servant, and have received nothing but good treatment ; and it is hard to leave so much beauty, brightness, and re finement, everything that the most aesthetic nature could desire, for a small room in a boarding-house.' ' Then whj' go ?' ' Because I must. Good-bye.' She beld out her hand, shook his heartily, and vanished quickly out of the room. CHAPTER XV. A Si: UPRISE. The last article of clothing had been put away, the last good-bye was said, and ltena was put in feat bed carefully, before Amy arose to go. The parting was bitter, far more so than Amy bad supposed it would bo at first. Her face was the last that Amy looked on iu the house, for after sdie had said fare well to every one she stole up to the nursery again, as if loth to leave her charge, and took a last long look. With a heart almost bursting she went quickly down the stairs, out of the front door, and entered a street car, which finally set her down at the boarding-house. She rang the be) I, and was admitted to the parlour by a piim little maid, who said the mistress would be down soon, turning up the gas as she spoke. Amy looked around her, at the homely but clean carpet, and at the walls with their pictures. She started up with au exclama tion of surprise. ' Surely this is the picture that used to bang over the mantel in Mrs. Wollerton's room ! Yes, it is the same ; I know it is ' Do you wi»h to see me ? ' asked a voice ; and Amy turned from the summer landscape to meet the en quiring glauce ol' the landlady. Taking a step forward, the girl raised one hand, and, iu a voice scarcely above a whiipcr, asked : ' Is it possible that one whom I have believed to be dead for two long years is alive ?' The landlady drew herself up haughtily. ' I am not a ghost that I know of. Will you come to busi ness, if you please, miss Amy sprang forward, with a glad light iu her eyes. ' Don't you re cognise me, Aunt Louise ? Have you forgotten your little pet, Amy Jones ? Ah, you know me now,' she replied, as a look of recognition passed over tho old lady's face, and she opened her arms to receive her darling. ' Thank the Lord tbat He has let me live to si-.e this sight ! Oh, Amy, how glad I am to look on your face again 1 Poor child ! how I have longed to nave you with me after I heard that your papa had died 1' And Amy uid not doubt the sin cerity of ber words when she felt tbe pressure of her arms, tho kisses on her cheeks, and saw the glad tears rolling over her face. ' Come, sit down, my dear, and let me look at you. Why, biess my soul ! you are a young lady, and I had expected to see you a little girl still. Well, old folks think that tbe young must stand still, but tbey go on glowing all the same. ' Now, tell me all about yourself!' Amy gave her entire history, omitting nothing that had happened since her father died, and Mrs. Wol lerton laughed and cried by turns, as her favourite told how Bhe had battled so successfully with an ad verse fate, ending by saying that the one motive of her life was to fit herself for teaehing. 'I shall never make myself known to the Merediths, nor do I wish them to know of me ; so, auntie, I think I shall keep my new name, Ada Gasooa. I have come to live with you now, if you can find a nook id your dear heart and home for me.' ' Of ooucss I'll find one for you, ai-d^yott«liall go to school just as ooea tunu wast to. Don't shake yoar-tiBMi.'ftr I bave seme money, N-(iii-nhn% in the world to spend it onifoat Just to think of &e-traBf-ttkup; lie of that rascally man wbo triad to get you into his power. Bless your heart, child, I Lave lived at the old place ever since, till last year, and I never sat an eye ou him. Just to think tbat you have been living here two years in drudgery, and I didn't kaow it.' ' Kot drudgery, aunt. My life at Urs. Qannan's was rather pleasant.' 'Oh, yes, I dare say, nursing a spoiled obild was rather pleasant.' 'X wpuld rather do. that than.bs dependent on any one,' was (he quick .reply. 'Just like your father. He was too' proud to ask anything of his father-in- law, sp his business went to the dogs.' Don't you be too in~ depeBdeot^o do as I say.' 'I don't want to be a burden to you,' replied Amy. 'Who. Bays yoa'll be a burden? When I get tired of you Til tell you. I'll send for your trunk to morrow.'' ' But, auntie, if you are really so well off, why do you keep boarders V asked the-girl, with a quizzical look, on her face, for she thought she bad the advantage. ' Because I Wanted something to do,' was the quick reply. ' You don't doubt my word, do you ?' ' No, no ; but I thought you said so to make me feel at ease. I would rather accept aid from you than any one.' 'You are coming to your senses,' said Mis. WoHerton. ' It is a kind ness you are doing me, child, for I . am lonely, and oftimes sad because . I have no young face about me to intake Bumbine and music. Come with me, and I'll show you to your i room.' She led tbe girl up to a large, airy bedroom, neatly furnished ; and when Amy was told that was to be 'hers, she caught her friend about 'the neck, and kissed her again aud again. ' Go to sleep, my dear,' said the old lady, gently, ' so you may have fresh cheeks in the morning. Good night,' and Mrs. Wollerton retired, leaving Amy to hersel£ A smile, half triumphant, half sarcastic played about the young girl's lips. ' The road to knowledge lies open before me,' Amy murmured, ' and if I do not garland my brows with the chaplet of knowledge, it is my fanlt. Dear aunt, how she took me i imher arms, and kissed me so many times, and held me so tight that I ieeuld not breathe. The same kind 4ieart, the eame genial manner of old. Help from ner does not gall and chafe like it would from the ?others.' But Mrs. Wollerton did not tell her of the many anxious visits that ?Oscar Meredith bad made to ber ; how he had tried every means in hia power to find his niece. With a rare tact she saw at a glance that Amy was deeply prejudiced, and the fact that she had thrown aside her right name, only served to confirm her opinion ; so she wisely kept her own counsel, and determined to use a little strategy. To describe the feeling of quiet content that stole over the lonely orphan girl, as she laid her head on the pillow that night, would be im possible; there was something heavenly in it ; no child to soothe in its broken slumbers, no bells to anBwer, no commands to obey ; for the first time in years she could close her eyes with the knowledge that she was mistress of her own movements, go to sleep when she was tired, and awake when she willed. (To BE CONTINUED.) 