CHAPTER XI. THE SCOTLAND YARD PREDIC TION. Suspicion ever haunts a guilty mind. Was all discovered ? "Were the police on the other side of the door waiting to arrest him ? If so, he would never be taken alive. There had been a chance of his proving his innocence. His be haviour over the cashing of the cheque had destroyed it. Again that rapping at the door. What should he do P .Escape was im possible. Then he remembered that he had a revolver in his room. Better— better far end his life by his own hand speedily, than sufler the damning tor ture of the condemned cell, and death at the common hangman's hands. Yes, he would get the pistol. He was about to step into the inner room, when his movements were arrested by a voice—a voice he knew well—it came through the letter-box. " Why the devil don't you open the door, Cinders ? How much longer are you going to keep the personification of law kicking at your inhospitable door P " In a moment Cinders had the door open. Daverson stood there—Daverson fresh from the Club, fresh from the wine cup, and—if the truth must be told—a trifle fresh himself. He entered, and the two men walked into Cindera' room. " I thought you had none to Ventnor, you old fraud you," said Daverson. "Your man came to nus and asked me to take a cage before JBucknill for you to morrow, as you were leaving to-d.-sy by tile noon train, and here 1 find you at midnight as per usual. What is the bull's-eye you are aiming at ?" " Sit down, old fellow. There's the brandy by the side of you, help yourself. The fact is I have been" feeling very seedy. I did arrange to run down to the Island, but something turned up to stop my doing so to-day." '■ Well, I am going through the brief to-night. I haven't even opened it yet. I left it on my table. I am sleeping in chambers to-night so there is no feur of my not being in time lor the Court in the morning." •' No need to trouble, old ohap. The case is not in the list, and they wont be taking jury cases fof at least three days." " Oh, is that so ? I have not seen the list. When I came into the Court I was surprised to see your light burning. That -is what made me knook you up. You are right, d«*ar boy, you do look seedy. When you opened the door you looked more as if you expected to see a ghost than this.too solid Hush of mine." " There is nothing particularly ghostly about you, Daverson." " No, I have, reluctantly, to admit that I belong to the fleshy school. By the bye, have you been to the Club this evening ? " '• No. I have been so' busy that I have not been out." " You have not heard the news then ? " " What news ? " " The mysterious disappearance of Hubert Haddon." '• N—no. i haVe not heard of it. Where has he gone ? " " That is the whole point," "But was he not to have been mar ried this morning ? He has gone on his honeymoon." Cinders felt how grjm was his utter ance, but lie had a part to play, and he was not a man to stick at trifles, so he continued : " You know what an erratic beggar he is. He is probably in : Gay Paree ' by now." " Possibly, but you are wrong about the marriage. That is completely off, " How do you know that ? " " From the best of sources—the at one time prospective bride herself. I met her at liuston this morning. She's joined the ' Lulluliety Girl ' Company, and was going to Liverpool." " Quarrel ? " " No, she said they were still friends, but had agreed that it was best to part." ■' How much did lie have to pay her to bring about that feeling in her heart ? " " Oh, come Cinders ! That is not fair. The little woman is a lady." , " A lady—and an actress ! " ' •' Oh, that's all baliy rot. Do not try to come the Clement .Scott line with me, Cinders. There are as good women on the stage as ofl it." "You think so ? It is quite refresh ing to meet a man like you occasionally, Dnverson. I wish you would look me up more often than you do. You act like a tonic. Innocence- Rets scarcer every day." " I do not care for your chafl. Women are bad in all lines of life—on the stage and oft it—just the same as there are Rood." * •' You do me good." " Very likely, I do not say there is an overflowing amouut of virtue in the back row of the ballet, any more than there is in Piccadilly at midnight. But i do say, and do mean, that Nellie Esmond is as straight and true and pure and virtuous a woman as ever existed." " You have been laying in a stock of adjectives, old man. I would not over burden that brain of yours were I you. Nellie Esmond may be—" " She is." " Well, grant it*. If it pleases you to think so. it does not hurt me. I sup pose you are entered on her list of friends." " I ain proud to say, yes, to that. And I am her friend too in the strict sense of the word." " I understand. The go-through-fire and-water brand, eh ? " " Do not sneer, Cinders, because it is waste of time, it does not a/ieet rue a scrap. If I call myself the friend of any one, I hope I understand what friend ship means. I thought at first Haddon had been up to some hanky-panky busi ness, and if so I should have stood by Nellie Esmond. And so now, if she wanted a friend, I hope she could not knock at a door where she would find a warmerone than at mine." " Quite touching." '• J t is plain she is not a friend of yours, by the way you talk. And that is curious, because you and Haddon were so thick. However, let us drop the lady for :i moment and coni'j buck to the man. Have you any idea where Haddon is ? " "I? Why should I know ? " " All right, old fellow—keep your hair on. You were chuYumy, and I thought you might know, that is all. It appears he must have left the house early in the morning, for not a soul saw or heard him go. He has token no luggage, not a ohango of linen, not oven a second collar, so no doubt he intended returning in a few hours. I fear foul play." •' Foul ploy ! Why ? " " The circumstances seem bo curious. On what was intended aB his wedding morning he suddenly disappears without leaving a trace." '• His should-have-been bride ought to be able to throw some light on it." " That is just mv idea, on thinking the matter over. I have acted on it. 1 have written, asking her if she can come to London—at least for the day." " To. London ? " " Yes. Despite this separation I be lieve she loved Hubert. When she hears of his disappearance I feel sure she will run up to town. She ought to be able to get oft for a day. So far she is only re hearsing with the ' Lulluliety (iirl ' Company." " And what good do yoa think her presence in London will effect ? " " Do not knew. But Hubert Haddon was a friend of mine as he was of yours, and although you treat the matter lightly, [ believe you would never for give yourself for your levity if anything serious really has happened to him." " What can have happened ? " " Murdered, perhaps. He left his flat in the early morning before many people were about, and his jewellery may have attracted the attention of some murder ing thief.'' " The police would laugh at suoh a theory as that." " They don't laugh at it. On the con trary they think it more than probuble." "You have consulted the police then ? " -■"> " I spent an hour at Scotland Yard before I went to the Club." " The devil you did ! And what more did they say anent this theory of yours?" " That if true, before the week was out they would find the body, and lay their hands on the man who committed the murder." 