THE LADIES' PAGE. CHATTER. *'I cliatter, cbattcr as I go."-Tennjson.. OUR COOK'S EXCURSION. There is -nothing like a change-a com plete change o£ air, or scene, or occupation or of thought. As a general rule "She" prefers biographies-big ones ill tiro vo lumes with plenty of letters; hut the book iu hand (it was ah autobiography, b.v-t he way}, proved disappointing, so we spoilt the evening iu rending cookery books with much enjoyment. ] began it. " 'Notliing lovelier can be found for wo man! than to study household good.'-(Mil ton). " 'Peace hidelh licvself under the lid of the well inauaged pot.' 'True economy iu the household has Heaveu for its banker.' '"Whatever are you reading?" "The headings of chapters of a cookery book, "The Housewife's Referee," by Mrs. ])e balis. , Here are tivo more-for eauces:, -"'Tis the sauce as does it" (that's mis quoted from Pickwick. What Bam Weller said the pieman said was-"It's the season in' does' it.") A«id for breakfasts "A 'bit in the morning is worth more than all day long."' . ' That's from Thomas Tussnr. But the gem of the collection is from Byron Their table was a board to tempt even ghosts To mss the Styx for more substantial feasts. J 'will not dive!) upon r.ig"OU(s or roasts, Aliieit all tinman history aticsis Tliat happiness for mail-the hungry sinner. ?feinoe Eve e;it apples, much depends on dinner. ''Mrs. Maclurcan is less poetical,"' said '"That Girl," "she contents herself with saying, "When a mail eats, and eats well, he is in a condition which conduces to his comfort and good temper.*' "Feed the brute," I murmured, thinking of something the bright lady had said long ago, "Do you not remember what the little book on 'Ecconomical French Cookery for ladies," you are so fond, of, says? 'That should be transposed to 'Tempt as much as you can the appetite of the breadwinner,' ' said 'That Girl.' "The reason I like that little book is be cause it cooks meat slowly-very slowly." The autobiography was laid aside. This is a subject on which "She" feels strongly, and, as I had hoped, she joined in the con versation. "The only fault to be found with Mrs. Maclurcan," she said, "is her careless way of speaking of boiling meat. She does not mean it, I am sure: from other things in the book I should think she had the soul of a cook, but she should be careful. When she savs that beef should be 'kept boiling,' one who did not understand might rattle it like a pudding or a boiler full of clothes-." ".Listen (..) tin's about boiling' from the ; "Referee," 1 said." "How <iftc:i in ordinary kitchens doc- the cook put a piece of meat into the sauce-i I an. placing it over the lire, and boiling it j rapidly, when, instead it s':ou!d have been j boiled slowly, and I lie wale)1, instead of J being allowed lo boil very fast, should have i merely siniiiieivd, becaues the liis process i make- il tough and stringy: whilst the second render.- it tender anil succulent? In boiling the great thing is not to leL the meat boil. Few people understand the d>ii' iv-nce 1 etwecn slewing, simmering, and b.ilmg. St .win;* and simmering, though similar, aiv yet very different, and the dif ferei.ee is thai meat simmered is to be ea ten by itso'f - that is, the water or stock it: which il is'siiuiueied is w.iutsd for some thing eKe. ai'd the meat lakeii out when suilicieiitly cooked-and that meat stewed j is when hoi b meat and liquor are to he eaten together. When the water in the | saueera-o hubbies at the inp and steams, it ' is boiling. Simmering i< keying the water I iiejrly b:>ilir,g: little tiny bubbles every | liow and then appear al the edges, and in I this state il should remain. When boiling i a leg of munon, it should be put into fast ; boiling water and allowed to l>;.'ii live niin- | ntes to make th£" outside hard and prevent : ihe juice- escaping. Then sufficient co!d ; water should be added to reduce the tem perature; il should be brought gently to tin1 I boil; when il is on the point of boiling if j must be*kimmed most carefully, drawn to I the side of the stove .mil allowed to sim- j mer slowly." ; "She"' unite approved, said that "In boil- ] ing, the gie.it art is not to let the meal ] boil" summedup the mailer iu a nul shell. 1 "Why can't cooks learn lo simmer things?'' 1 asked impatiently. "Why, I do not know." s.iii! "She" "but j it is the most, difficult tiling to teach." j ."It is not so ta>y to simmer on some ranges," said the superior woman. "Now on ; ?0me orens tlie whole top is an even heaf and it is moat difficult to cook slowly." "I had not thought of. that-whatever can you do?" "Oh, yon. can manage it, can 3o most things, if you think,. Just raise the saucepan -a «it of hoopiron bent backwards and forwards 'will do. _ Set the pail on that and you can cook as slowly as you like over a big fire,,for roasting. And there is a 1 great deal in slow cooking-the French cook j eays so." "Why that's in uiy book," I said. "las ten. . 'French cookery cannot be done quickly. The flavours liave to be coaxed out: no hard boiling will ever do except s>.s a preparation.' And here again-'Meat wanned up, in order <to be tender, must either dimmer a whole tiour or not at all. Here science conies to our help. During the first thirty minutes of simmering the fibre, becomes horny and t6ugh, and it will re quire thirty minutes more simmering to dis tend itself and allow the substance it is simmering in to incorporate itself within the fibre, so that none of the uubnitious qualities will be wasted, but, on the" con trary, will acquire new flavours, and be very easy of digestion.' " That is from a: recipe for cold beef . warmed in tomato sauce,, thl.it should be graod. Shortly, it comes to this. Break four or five tomatoes will* an oz. of butter in a stewpan, add one onion cut into four, a. bouquet of herbs, clove, enough stock to cover tlie tomatoes and a little pfppcr and salt. (Use water if you 'have no stock.) Let it boil, shaking it to keej) it from sticking. When well melt ed dow-a pass through a sieve or colander, rubbing well down with a wooden spoon, and being careful to scrape up what re mains sticking to the underpa.rt of tlie sieve, as this is the best part. Jvcnv for the beef. Put 2 ox. of butter in a stewpan. wit'li a teaspoonful of' flour: stir, and when well mixed, but not brown, pour all your sauea in it by degrees:; add a little gravy or stock, and >tii" over a slow lire. When on the point of simmering put in slices of cold beef, about half an inch, thick; put on the lid with a weight on top, and simmer for «n hour. If you have not time for this let it just lieat through.and serve." From book to book-from savouries and soups to sweets-we went, and a most in teresting evening it proved- Each had her favourite book. The Superior Woman stood bv Mrs. Maclurcan. Mrs. De Salis was too high -flown, she said; tlie Australian book wap belter for everyday use. J pointed out the really goed rules for plain cooking, and hints for the kit- . chen and read extracts thajt made us all enviouf. What a difference there is be tween the English way of.doing things with everything that can possibly be wanted at ?haml .and our rough and ready way of making tilings do. The idea of a kitchen table covered iriili tin is one of those sinmple things one wonders no one though 1 of before. I t should not be expensive, and think of the comfort of it! One need hardl y say it come.-- originally from Ame ri;a. '?Fit a sheet of tin on the table and perforate the edges for lacking; the tin should cover Hie ?thickness of Hie board ton that it may be tacked on -the under side of tlie Sable." Oh for a table like that! In the meantime would not a flnttened-out kerosine-iin on the end of the table to starfd pan-? 011 be n comfort "' MAUPIK. . 