THE SCHAP ALBUM, ? ♦- ? Mr. _ Alox. Hay's bride-elect (Miss Burdekin) was nineteen on tho 26th May. Tho Sydney man who robbed Miss M. Lynch, of Fail y Meadow- lias been Bont to goal for six months. ' - Visit Dew's store for Oatmeal and Rolled n„*„ ah e ? i. ? . ..a: - - ? ? WW. /xii iiuaii, nu giuua. ? Lady Lyno is by no means enthusiastic ovor tlio titlo bestowed on her husband. Twenty-four inches of rain fe]l at Bony last month. - A full-grown fox was poisoned at Caloola recontly. - Tho local postal authorities had tho con veyance of '30 'maiL bag's to the steamer Bakonoa, which loft Kombla for, .Suva yes terday. On Wednesday last .at- thp- Albion Park R.O. Church,'- Miss Nejlio; Brpwnleo was married 'to Mr. J. Cook, of Dapto, aftor which the young couple loft for Sydney. Dapto's medico, Dr. Curgonvon, is, away, .on a .few weeks'' well earnect' holiday.' During his absence his practice will bo attended to by Dr. Johnstone, of Mel bourne. Tlio Albion Park ' Herald' is of the opinion that tho human thing who delights in such pranks as playing the ghost should bo tqtliored all night to a sojer- auts' nest. His performance would tlion bo full of sjnrit. — ? Wnooi'rN'G. — Uso Hoskings' Whooping Cough Mixture and Embrocation. Pre pared only by J. W. Ilosking and Son, Ms.P.S., Chemists, Wollongong.* Postmaster-General Crick was not ono of those invited to Government House for Queen's Birthday. Ho rofuses to sign tho visitor's book. From all accounts Mr. James Ashton, M.P., will be much in evidenco; during the ensuing session, of Parliament! The ' Boga Gazette' has changed hands, Mr. W. Braine sel'ing to Messrs-, Tarburton and Smith. The ''.Gazetto is ! to be pub lished as tho ' Southern-Star'.'' IMr. iiraine was editor of tho ' Gazette' 30 years ago. The vorj* consciousness of trying for real excellence in anything is a groat support. It takes half tho sting from failure and doubles tho joy of success, For Bronchial Coughs take Woods' Great Peppermint Cure. Is Od. Owing to the illness of tho Prcinior's father, tho itssembling of Parliament has been postponed from June 5th to J line. 12th; Try Dew's Dodo Tea at 1/3, unequalled.* Up to the end of March tho cost to England of the Boor war was £114,000,000. Tho Berry Council has decided to proceed with a water supply scheme at an estimated cost of £3600. For Children's Hacking Cough at night Wood's Great Peppermint Cure. Is 6d. At Sydney on Thursday night the ' push' and mombers of the Permanent Artillery had a ' w.'-ling go'' in Market-street. Sovoral of tho disturbors wore lashing at all and sundry with thoir buckled bolts and tho scene was ono of considerable turmoil. However, a posse of tho Pormanont forco, who wore called out, soon rostored order. A resident of Ultimo walking homo after tho row mot a number of soldiors, who violontly assaulted him; A short time ago tho Krupp factory turned out its twenty- thousandth large gun for European armies. Tho purchaser of Humphrey Oxonham's palatial rosidenco at Bandwick at £20,000 is a lady and a boneficiare under tho Tyson will. The furnituro was not included. Why go olsowhore to liave your wheels tyred when you can liavo tho practical ox-., porience of 35 yoju'S _ at the Illawarra Carriage Factoiy in Keira-streot ? G. W. Commons, manatror* Tho Transvaal war, by showing that men in tronches can inflict dqinago on tho aggressor without knowing moro than how to load a rifle and fire straight ahead, will probably causo civilised nations to shorton the period of military sorvico. . Starkey's Bicycles, 1000. pattern, the best. R. C. Huntley, Agent, Ijapto and Wollon gong.* ' Tho Milton Times' writes -A p.ori patotic tea merchant, who 'does' this district, sued sovoral porsons iuNowrathis week for tho value of - 201bs tea supplied. Ono womon said ' the tea agont was such a nuisance, and would not tako ' No ' for an answer, that she gave him an order to get rid of him, although sho did not want his tea.' Tho signed order was for 121bs, though in tho invoice tho quantity was set down at 20lbs, and a verdict was given for tho prico of 121bs. Professor T. Wcarn, Crown-street, for Hair cutting, Shaving, Tobaccos. All Best Brands Fishing Tackle, Stationery, Mouth Organs, Toys, Toilet Requisites, etc. , at Sydney prices. In anothor part of this issue wo publish donations rocoived in connection with tho agricultural bazaar. The .amount rccoived (after the deducting of oxpensos in connec tion with tho stalls) is now over £200, and tho crodit balanco not is £157 2s. Tho alteration is effected by Mid. Campbell's stall roturning £34 .Ms fid (donations ro coived after bazaar) in placo of £25 4s Od as proviously publishod. Mrs. Garvan's stall £17 7s in liou of £17 Is Od, and tho provision stall, Mrs. Bevan and Mr. Rees, £7 10s instead of £7 7s. Thy. totals of the other stalls remain as already noti fied. , ? ?' i The residents of M'Grath's.Hill, a somewhat populous locality . on , ? the ;Hawkesbury, are anxiously awaiting the erection of a public school. The nearest school is nearly two miles away, and young children are subjected to much hardship journeying to and fio. The school was pioniised long ago, and tenders were invited for the erection of the building, but since then nothing has j been heard of tho matter. Tho Opinion of Every Englishman is tljat liberty of speech and action is the birthright , of every free mail. ' Britons novor shall bo slaves ' is ono of the most popular of our national songs, and .as a matter of fact it is impossible for slavery to exist under tho pro tecting shadow of the British flag. In the same manner men cannot remain bound by the tyrannic shackles of disease if they will place themselves under the healing influence of llolloway's Pills and Ointment. Their success in all parts of the world iiS( n0}f ( a familiar story, and it is only nece'sBavy to Bay here there is no known disorder that caunot bo speedily cured or relieved by them. 