[?] The Sentence oe the Court. BY HEADON HOiL, . Author d£ "The , Queen of Night," "Guilty Gold," "Bya Hairis-breadth," &c.;, &c.; f COPYRIGHT. ..CHAPTER XX.—' TOO LATE. Events marched quickly that memorable Friday under the summer sun of Wey mouth. While Sir Henry Sd wood and Sir Graham Sinclair were renewing- their acquaintance at the Yacht Club, Mark Tavcruer and Rita Bertram were snatcli- inc a hasty lunch at tlicir. hotel. Though Mark had brought, down a Bharp assistant to relieve him in watching, he was anxious to leave as little as possible to his deputy. "So far we have not mnde much pro- companion to the wing of a chicken.1 "That our man is playing a deep game for a high stake there is no doubt; but the introduction of the Selwood element into the case is puzzling — splits it into two as it were." "You must put it clearer than that if I am to follow you," Rita replied. "It is like this," Mark proceeded, glanc ing round the: coffee room for possible listeners. "Since we arrived on Wednesday night Yipan has shown no disposition to leave his hotel; he lias, however, received at different times two distinct visitors whose calls upon him suggest to my mind at least, two entirely distinct theories." "Yon argued, . I know, from the red headed warder's visit to him that he was meditating foul play, against that unfor tunate prisoner," said Rita. "Yes, but the call which the steward of the Chrissa paid- him would not lit that theory," replied Mark thoughtfully, "That seemed rat Jeer to point to Mis3 Sel wood being the attraction that has brought him to Weymouth., I could not pursue that line with Sir Henry just now, for he snapped, my nose off for hinting at any intiniflpv wil-.h nflpvpnn -nf "RnnVIov 9..J Wood, but it struck me that the judge was mighty uneasy." . Rita spilled some salt upon the table cloth and traced a pattern with it, pon dering deeply. At last she raised her eyes to Mark's and said:— "You won't laugh at me if I give' you a hew theory? It is rather a far-fetched one, but you must re member that I airi an actress— used to 'situations.'" "Go on," said Mark. "There's a woman in this, business, and a woman's view is quite likely to be the right one." "You were telling me in the train when' we came down that you suspected an' at tachment between. Miss Selwood and the ' convict, George Malden—as we now know his name to bff/'.' said' Rita. "Well, would it not explain many things if the' truth-were .that Miss Selwood' was engaged in some scheme for her lover's benefit, and that Yi pan, having got wind of it, has come down to thwart her efforts?" The pah- were silent, looking across the little table into' one. another's eyes;. : The girl was trying , to read what the man thought; the man was trying to find a flaw in her suggestion, and could only find one —the one which had prevented him from thinking of it hitnself. "I believe you have hit it," he said at length. "But your notion involves a tre mendous issue. There is only- one benefit to the convict wliieh it would be worth Vi- pan's while to counteract." "Escape from prison?" murmured Rita, in a low tone. "That was what was in my niiud." . . "But you mustn't forget her position, dear; she's a judge's daughter," argued Mark, hoping to have his argument de molished and gaining his object. "Quite so, but a judge's daughter is only flesh and blood,- like any other woman," Rita retorted as hotly as an enforced under tone would permit. "I should think that the fact of her being the daughter of the judge who condemned her lover would make her all the more keen to rectify the old " man's error and atone for the wrong done by her family. I know I should feel thut .way myself." "Thank you; I will take that sentiment as a personal one," said Mark, rising. "And now I must be off and play the shadow again; for if I can get the smallest proof of this idea of yours, Miss Selwood ought to be warned in time to stop her from run ning into a trap. I am so glad you came with me. You will have to chuck the stage and go into, partnership." "Not till yon have solved the Monk's Hadley murder case," returned Rita, grave ly, 3'et with a latent coquettishness that was not without its promise of hope. Before going out he arranged with her that she would either be found, in case of need, at the hotel or on the sea front at the west end of the town; To lmve tiilten her with him, and so risked being seen by , Yipan, disguised though he was, in her com pany, might have spoiled his chance at that stage. . Fori the : same reason' they had Be- Ieoted an hotel' some distance from; the one where their' quarry was staying. So it was" that' on-, elderly clergyman, white, haired. and benevolent of expression, a quarter of'ah hour .later "took, a vacant place jin one of . thptseats on jlfie" ; esplanade - in front of the Imperial Burdon Hotel. Pull- ing a newspaper from his clerical frock he appeared to passers-by to bo absorbed in its contents when hot dreamily gazing over the beautiful bay. Not the hiost observant of those pleasure seeking strollers noticed that a sidelong glance from the corner of that reverend gentleman's eye -was kept for the great hotel behind him and for its. ap proaches. : . One, two, three hours -passed; the London day trippers began to troop from the beach to the railway station, and. the sun poised itself-in the west over frowning Portland; yet the old gentleman still lazed on the seat- Suddenly the eye under the broad- brimmed felt hat ;moved a little so as to focus ja young man in a blue serge suit and a nauti- cal cap who was entering the hotel patro- nised-by Mr. Leger Vipan.. . ./Ten minutes elapsed and the young: man appeared in the hotel doorway again, and running, briskly down the steps began1 to walk off; in the direction whence he. had come— towards the west end . of the town and the harbor. With singular agility the acred . clerimnim emssed fill. rAnrlwnv nnil overtook him about 100 yards from the hotel— well out of. sight, from the win dows.. . .. ... . . . "You are the steward of the Chrissa, who has just been to see Mr. Yipan?" he said. "T om Mr. Yipan's secretary and chaplain, staying -with him at the' liotel. He asked mo -to run after you fmd get you to repeat your communication, as he was so pre occupied with business, that he. liardly grasped it. Endeavor to make : yourself clearer to me, "Bfly young friend." Tom Mytton faced; about in some surprise. Vipan had appeared to grasp the purport of his communication 'only too keenly; but Tom was a dull person where Daisy Connell was not- affected,' and / the --white haired clergyman inspired confidence. "I only informed him, sir, that- our yacht was going to put to sea this evening at 7 o'clock for a moonlight- cruise, lie replied. "Mr. Vipan seemed To understand that It was all along of that beast Magee, and said he'd attend :to it." - "Magee— -who's Magee? I must know, bo that I can make' it all plain to Mr. Vipan," said the clergyman. _ "Why, the Portland warder that Mr. Yipan's helninc me to best/' rcnlie,! 'Pnm in -evident distress. I do trust as there won't be no mistake,' sir. Magee is after' my girl — Miss Sehvood's maid— and Mi. Yipan is-being that kind-I don't know as how I can ever repay liim. But there, I must get back to the ship." " "I see; I will make it all-right," said Mark, riot daring to pump the jealous fool further. After pretending to return to Yipan's quarters, he doubled back 'to -the other end of fhe town and soon espied' Rita's smart pink blouse. The1 young- actress rose from her: seat, on the esplanade . near the pier head and came to meet him.' "There.is work for you to do at last, dear —woman's work,"- he said. ''Your theory is perfectly correct,, arid I want you to go. to Miss Selwood on hoard the Chrissa- at; once, and inform Jier that whatever her. plans are for to-night , they have been wormed out of. their idiot of a steward by Yipan. When she hears that she. must decide what to do, a5 nt knowing her intentions I can't , ad vise her, nor can I leave X'ipan a moment longer to go and consult with her myself. It is just possible that , by letting her know that she has been betrayed we may prevent some big catastrophe." _ And upset that brute's calculations," re plied Rila, turning without a' ' moment's hesitation to perform her task. Mark hurried back to the vicinity' of Vipan's hotel; and on hearing it saw the sharp assistant whom he had brought from London beckoning him down a side street. This was ominous; he had instructed the 1 outn to -fiola mo communication with him in public unless it was imperative. "The gent, is about to break cover, I think, sir," said the assistant as Mark came np. "I heard him ask a waiter for the times of the Portland trains, and he has been brushing his coat in the hall. ' He's got a tliicliish overcoat, too, for the, time of year. Looks as if he was going to be out late." "Good lad," said Mark. "I will take him in hand now, and this .is your programme. Cut along to the other end of the town and keep a look out for Miss Bertram. She is paying a visit on the Chrissa, a yacht in the harbor, but she will probably have left it by the time you get there. Tell her what I am doing, and ask her to. give you a note of the result of her call upon Miss Selovhaod. Then you must exercise your ingenuity in find ing me, for where Yipan goes I go. If I am not about this hotel, it's long odds I shall have followed him to Portland, and you must come on there with Miss Bertram's answer." "Portland is a. big place, sir/' said the assistant, rather doubtfully. .'.'True! I must lay a trail for you," said Mark. "I will leave word with the book stall clerk at Weymouth station if I have gone to Portland, and at Portland inquire for news of me at the Railway Hotel— as the Rev. S. Watson,' of course. That ought to enable you to trace me."- ' . The young man -nodded ;and sped away, while Mark: sauntered back into -the main thoroughfare just ; in time. - Yipan : was - de scending the steps of the big hotel, carrying a heavy overcoat and armed, with a thick walking stick— both unusual: adjuncts to a summer . visitor , in a fashionable watering plaice ipr.a hot;- August afternoon. : i Keeping, lusvriyesi about him," but With, no' show of .spic.ipR.thathe. was being "sha- dowed, ""he waljted-'along the sua front and turned to the right, to the station. .Unobtrusively but effectually Mark. UJji- verrier haunted himliga a ghost.; He: was at his elbow in the booking office, when he took a retiirn ticket W Foytlo,rid; he avoided his. obsffvarih. o® tpe platform, but was;&h; uiricen -vifriheH when he- took ijis seat in tfle train; hijd finally, Whefi there fras rib doubt that he was going on, he got into the igact dotapartlridnt. It was. nearly six o'clock when the train, completed its short jorirney to . Portland. On Stepping out Vipan walked rapidly to the barrier, wherg he was met by an indi vidual whom Mark recognised, in spite of ; his plain clo.tljef, as the gonstable Who Ijad: corroborated Vipan's' evideiico at the trial. Crossing the road, the pair wnt' into .the .Railtriiy Hotel. Fcejiig that it woifld be injudicious to follow theiri in, dark remain ed in the station waiting riodm and kept observation- on the door of thi hotel from theiwindow. .. The next train from Weymouth, by which he bright- hope to receive news of Rita's mission, was riot due till past sven, and his chief anxiety was lest Yipan should come out and resume his mysterious expfr: dition before he. had tifiie to run into: the hotel and leave word for his assistant which direction to take. As the time: for the train's arrival- approached he began to hope that his assistant lVbuld bring Rita's lribs- sage before the two men stirred ; hut n'o — just as the whistle was heard at the dis tance signal Yipin and Simon Durke emerged from the hotel, and, keeping the Verrife Fort on their left,' - struck into the steip road leadhi'g throvtgh Fortune's Well to the Suriunitof the rock. "It will take as long to go into the hotel and leave word a's-to wait here, and ; flee Creyke myself," Mark reflected. "They can't go fast up that bill, arid I must catch up before they, have gone far." A minute later, when the train pulled. up at the platform, he was glad indeed that he had taken ; that course-rigr jnpfe.Hmiy tiio assistant, bu$ . jRIta, "You shouidri'tfavat-cbipe yoursif,?' he said, leading the 'Way ' ouf o£;tho.'fltalti on . "It is only by qffluli'e that 'het&jdjHneet; you. If I hadigoife on J-ijU migh'.havpbeen wandering allor Portland iri'tiieyclead of night after mb.'':';'v. "Oh, Mark, I, wohlcldo "riibre than that to help that braVe-guTi'-Ilita roplied, tak ing his arm. "She is just a deqr — though she did not put too much trust in me." "If she is so . cautious she has a better chance," said Mark. "But did you give her the warnincr?'' - "Yes; but it was too late." "Too late!" echoed Mark. "She did' not confide her project to me, but she avowed that it would have to go on," replied Rira. "Shf gave me her rea son—that it was impossible for her to com municate with her 'friends! in time for tlieiri lo alter their plans. The j-aeht was leaving the harbor as I came away;" chapter xxi— for love and , ; liberty1. Up in the sun-baked quarries on that broiling summer day no breath of air tem pered their boll to the sons of misery. Sweat ing, pushing, heaving, wielding pick and axe and chisel, the stone gangs fought the rock tlicy hated, with crirsing heart and scowling brows. Only orie there was among all those dust- grimed felons— and he was no felon at all— who had a harder tpek that day than the stereotyped assault on Nature. His diffi culty was to keep the wild,, exultant joy out of his face lpst the 'cruel eyes .of Ralph Durke, the warder, should note it and trace it to its cause. . George Maiden op tjie previous pight had received jhrough Mage? thp lettor from Irine setting forth the plnn for his escape, little thinking that his ino?t deadly enemy had perused every word of it a few hoiirs before in bis private room in the -hotel at Weymouth;' by favor of thp duped night warder. His joy was a double One. The fact of Irene's care for him was as -sweet as the prospect of freedom. The scheme seemed full of the promise of success. With Magee's co-operation faith fully carried _ out, he did not see how it could well fail— at any rate so fay as get ting out of prison was concerned, After that every thing would depend on how long it would be before a hue-and-cry was raised; but he baij the moat minute instructions as to the route he was to take to Bow and ArroV Castle, and once there the Chrissa and Irene would do the rest. The idea Of recapture, gr what his future was to be, never worried him for an instant— provided lie could only get clear of that hateful rock. It was a singular coincidence, George thought, ' that that day of all days the bully, Ralph Durke, should have abated his savage goading. But so it was. The un called for reprimands, the nagging orders, the threats of punishment were absent, and the warder contented himself with a furtive ' supervision that' to a less frank nature should have bold out a warning. As it was, George Maiden accepted Durko's improved depmanor as an omen of good luck, and chuckled over it. "He is beginning to get fond of mb— now he's going to lose mb," lie told himself, as for the twentieth time the warder came and stood over him, and passed on with out a word of abuse. At 4. o'clock tbe prison bell boomed out the summons to return to. barracks, and George fell into the ranks full of pity for the comrades in misfortune .with whom he marched. Rightly condemned as mur derers, thieves and forgers though most of them were, he would have liked to think that in their breasts, as in his, burned the spark/of hopp.- ' - v., ..... .. . As His gang tramped jptb tjje outer, jiard; his , exuberahtii received a timely;: cheek. -His deft Land man— a gentlemanly burglar in for seven years— took occasion to whis- pisr:— .., Y. - ... ... . .. . "You're giving' yourself away to rights; that you've got some lay on, Number 24. Try ; a.rid keep the spring "out of your step and! the grin out of your mug, unless you want- the 'screw' to iake up. He; seems to have cope to sleep. t6-day, but I've more than; haf a mind that he's shamming." George thanked, his experienced counsel-; lor-with a look, and took a firmer, grip of ; himself. He drew down the comers of his mouth during the process of being search-! ed, and sighed heaVily as Ralph '.Darke! looked him into his eel!:'. ' Then began a' period of weary inaction, far harder to bear than- the working hours! when he had been able to blow off the steam of excited .anticipation in manual labor; He had not even Irene's letter of instruc-: tions to solace him, for ' after he- had mas-- tered its contents Magee had destroyed it, lest it should fall jnto the hands of some, other warder. All he could do was to watch the fading of the daylight' through the circular port hole window looking on to the corridor, arid pray for -the' gloo» of night. ' ' Supper made a welcome "break iri the in terval,' and gave a! fillip to the crawling minutes: Ralph' Durke brought it to him; and, as he handed in the rations of thin cocoa and dry bread; favored the interior of the cell With bis usual keen scrutiny. But for once the' warder abstained froiri insulting his victim, and' departed in. grim silence. George concluded that the man was either not well, <jr that he was suffer ing under some private trouble. At length the signal for "bed" clanged through the prison, and George know that in a few short. .minutes Ralph Durke and the other day warilers Woulcl be relieved by those on duty for the. niglit. To guard against surprise lie undressed and got into bed, keeping his eye fixed on the window, throngh which streameii a ray of yellow light from the nearest gas jet in the corri dor. Presently at the window appeared the red face of Magee, nodding at him three times in quick succession before it Was withdrawn. It was the pre-arranged signal that Ralph Durke had gone off duty. The time for action Had come. Slipping noiselessly from his bed, George opened the Bible provided for him by the regulations and took from its pages a small pair of scissors with which" Magee had supplied him on the previouB night. With these he began to slice his coarse blanket into )>JiXGU. UV JillUbtUU . iUVU several serviceable lengths till he possessed about twenty yards of a very good substi tute fqr rope. Being through with this he detached the leather straps with which his bed was triced up in the daytime, and sat down to listen. Save for the unmusical snores from neigh boring cells almost complete silence reigned on the landing. The night warders were doubtless going their ceaseless rounds, peer ing through - the port holes at their sleeping charges, but they were furnished with felt slippers to deaden the sound of their sur prise visits, and there was not a footfall audible. If it hnd not been for tbo snores, arid an' occasional gruff murmur as awarder spoke to a comrade, George eould have fan cied himself alone in a City of the Dead.- At the last stroke of the . hour of mine on the prison clock George sprang up, alert in every fibre of bis body. At the bottom of the cell door ivas a slit some six inches deep; and through this he thrust' his broom —the usual token that a convict wanted to speak to his warder. Magee appeared in the doorway, his rubicund visage a mixture of conflicting emotions. He dreaded the Wfath of the Governor, yet he was burning with greed for Irene's promised reward and for the appropriation of pretty Daisy Con nell. That he was going to play the part al lotted to him, however, ivas quickly evi dent.- Mastering his husky nervousness, he mannged to declaim with creditable' firm ness the words he had prepared for the benefit ot the other warders on duty: "Want to sec the doctor, eh? Come, let's have a look at you; I don't believe there's much the matter." Wjth which he passed into the cell, pull ing to the door, and with feverish haste began to divest himself of his outer gar ments. Ab iast as Magee shed his clothes George put them on— cap, belt, felt slip pers and all — till he stood dressed from top to toe as a warder. Then with deft hands, well practiced in sargical bandaging, he bound Magee band and foot with the blan ket strips, gagged him, and finally strapped him, thus trussed up, to the bed. Not a word passed betweea them during this strange enactment; not a word passed between tHem now, as George stepped bold ly out on to the landing, shutting the door behind liirn. The. supreme moment had; come. All depended on whether he could gain the head of the iron .staircase without being accosted and discovered by one of the other warders. It was in his favor that they happened to be all at the other end- of the corridor engaged in whispered, con versation; it was against him that, though of the same height, ho did not in the least resemble Magee. There was a wooden bench near the head of the stairs, where the night warders sat down for the purpose of changing then- boots for slippers, and vice versa. Here his first ordeal awaited .him. Magee had in structed hiin the night before on no account to. descend without putting on his boots, as sueli an irregularity ivoid'd at uuve draw at tention. George sqt down, and, selecting a pair of boots which from Magee's descrip tion he believed to be the right one, begap, drawing them on, when he was hailed fronf tjie grog of warders: v."Hero! _hold 6nJJE'at< What arc you pijg? ging my boots for? They're two months to the good.of yourn:' r: With his heart- in his mouth, George bent down to rectify the error, muttering some thing incoherent as an apology. The crish passed, for by luek he chose the right booh now, and hjs stooping- attitude-natural i, the circumstances— saved him from too nai- row.scrutiny. ; Rut -even so far as that landing was cos. cerned the danger was not over. He had neajdy finished lacing the second of tlm boots when the group of warders broke un and. they, betook themselves to one of their periodical rounds of , the cells, ghmcinv through the windows -at the sleeping in. mates. The warder in charge of the cells adjacent to the stairhead was he whose boots George had appropriated, -arid quiel lv passing from window to window he drew rapidly nearer. As George knotted the lace he ivas but three cells off; as George plunged down the stairs he was close enough to say: \ b "One of your lags' gone sick, mate' After the doctor?" 1 . Georgri Maiden had been a bit of an ama teur actor in his time, but never did he throw-more soul into his part than when without ttrrning; his head, he answered as nerir as -possible !in Magee's Irish accent:— "!Yjs; it's the fayver he has on him I'm thinking." : -r . UT 1 1 1 A L nt « « ! 1 I -a C1.I.UUU1. ntupiiiug .lie went on down the stairs, every, clang of his heel on the iron steps sounding a death knell to his hopes For the warder had: halted at the top, and intuitively George knew that the man was looking Mter him ouriously. But liaif way down the flight, away from the flaring gas jets/the lack. of the red poll was less con spicuous, and again the peril passed. The fugitive reached the ground floor in safety. frorii the fpot of the stairs to the door into the "prison yard a broad passage led the passage which he had tramped through many it weary day on his way to and trom the quarries. Just inside the doorway was the office of the chief warder, with a glass dour fronting on the passage whence the warder on duty there, riot necessarily the chief himself, had a view of everyone pas sing in and out. Magee had warned him -that at this point he would encounter the greatest Tisk. He would be under the full glare of the lamp, exactly opposite the window, as he stopped to manipulate the unfamiliur fastepinga of the door. Bracing himself for the ordeal, he copied Magee's martial strut and made for the exit, striving not to invoke suspicion by so much as a furtive sidc-glunce into the office us uu iMboeu. x>uu buui'ti was mi iuiiuencc inside the glazed aperture too strong for him— tl0 influence that magnetises one to search for human eyes that one feels to be watching— and to the horror he encounter ed the fierce gaze of -Ralph Durke. His day warder, whom he had believed to be at home in the bosom of his family, was doing night duty in the chief warder's office! For iwo seconds their eyes met fair and square, and then Durke dropped Jus, pre tending to be absorbed in a newspaper. That he had been recognised, George luul no doubt, but with the courage of despair he went on to the door and curried out .Ma gee's instructions for opening it. Every moment he expected to feel Durko's hand on his shoulder, and to be marched, doomed to the lash, up the iron Etairs again. But nothing happened; the door slid open; and he stood imder the stars in the yard. At the distant main gate tlic dim figures of two civil guards were visible, pacing to and fro with their, rifles.,. at, the slope, and George knew that round the jutting angle of tliu chapel was the first of the chain of armed sentries watching the boundary wall. But the place for his escape had been well chosen— put of Bight of the invisible guard j and too far from those at the gate lo penc- trqte his disguise. j So; ivith a wild prayer in his heart, j George Maiden walked boldly across the yard, diverged suddenly towards the angle j of the cliapel with the boundary wall, and made a flash for the sack of lime which j Magee had left in tfie corner. j And behind the shelter of the chapel a keen- eyed man in uniform was advancing, j with his finger on the trigger of his rifle, j (To be Continued.) j 