WOMEN'S COLUMN. Westralian ladies have been granted the franchise by the Government in the hope that they will oppose Fed- eration. But the ladies are going to use" their common sense, and under the belief that Federation will re- duce the cost of living, have resolved to cast the majority of their votes for the measure. Several leading politicians over Perth way are mem- bers of a pr.oduce ring, and are work- ing tooth and nail against the Bill. There is much amusement in Perth over a prominent M.L.C. Federalist and his wife, both of whom are tak- ing different sides on the Federal question. The lady is gifted at plat- form addresses, and presides almost nightly at meetings ot' the anti-party, while her Federal spouse is as ardent in favour of the union. This lady fought hard for the franchise, and possesses oratorical powers of no mean order, and has evidently a mind of her own. The Conservative party, driven to its last ditch, asserts at the top of its voice that the women do not want a vote. To be sure, the party is in a position to speak with authority for a certain section of the old women, but the desires of the young and middle-aged are ^ beyond its Know- ledge. A promising engagement in a fashionable suburb has just been broken off for purely political reasons. It was the young lady who formally notified to all interested the fact that the match was off. The young man pleaded and friends intervened and argued and expostu- lated, all to no purpose ; the lady was adamant. "I have sounded James well," she said, " and I find we have no political affinity. He is entirely opposed to every political principle I hold dear, and if we married I should derive no advan- tage from the franchise-we would simply nullify each other, politically speaking. So," she added, "as I cannot abandon my convictions, I have resolved to break off the en- gagement." Dear, dear! we may presently find the usual matrimonial advertisement concluding with the intimation that "no protectionist need apply," or the advertisement for a general servant asserting "free- trader preferred." A sanguine politician, who believes the female vote is going to be a valuable consideration in the federal elections has already set about winning the confidence of the womanhood suffragists. His first encounter with the wife of one of his tenants was not very encour- aging. He came to the point in a roundabout way, and said that he hoped his merits would not be for- gotten when the candidates were being reviewed by that household. The woman looked puzzled. "You know," the^ politician explained, there is a bill before the house to I give your sex the suffrage." " The suffrage ?" said the housewife. " Yes -a vote, you know. You are to be given a vote." " Oh, are we? How nice !" " Yes, and I am in hopes that when the time comes you will give that vote to me." The woman looked dubious. " I don't know," she said, " if it's worth having at all it's I worth keeping, I suppose." The New York Journal tells a veracious story about a Minneapolis widow who hired a room for her husband's ghost,' an idea suggested, as she says, " by the thought that my husband's spirit shared the rooms with me. This made me very happy at first." The pleasing fancy, how- ever, was dispelled by a more material acquaintance formed with a physician of the city. " Gently, kindly," says the widow, " be drew from mo the story of my spirit house. " It is your duty dear, to turn your attention to the living, and let the dead go," he said. So I have given up the house, and instead of mourning longer over a dead husband I am going to be happy with a living one." One Monday morning a number of labourers, instead of going to work, went to an inn to spend an idle day. About noon a woman came in and glaced before one of the men a undle, saying "I suppose'you are not coming back to dinner, so I have brought it for you." The other men laughed at her for taking so much care of her husband, and one of them suggested that they should all have a snare. When the bundle was opened, it was found to contain only some empty plates and a piece of paper, on which was written-" I hope you will enjoy your dinner. It is the same as I and the children are having at home." Simplify life and be happy. Stop and think how little you need tc really enjoy life, instead of how much. And begin now to buy onlj what you need, as either useful 01 ornamental in your home ; only whal you need to be well dressed anc always presentable on all occasions and only what you need to keej your appetite appeased and youi system replenished. Once you adopl this rule you will not only be relieved of an enormous load or worry, bul you will find your house, your ward robe, your bank account and your health are bettered by it. That was a bright woman wht defined the difference between s home woman and the business woman. While they both may b< I the same at heart, she said, the nomi woman aims to be the perfect lady but the business woman must bi something between that and thi perfect gentleman. 