HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY,! Thursday, Mr Propsting moved tho mmiwB ing of the Great Western RaUnl —Sir Edward Braddon moved tH bill bo read that day six months, m debate was adjourned. Friday. i Mr Nloholls reaumod the debate I bill to amond the Groat Western fil Act, In order to allow the cornel extension of time. He said the ill of the oompany waa quashed throl aotion of tho late Govetl Now thoy desired an eil of time. The concessions Is I Emu Ray Railway Company! renewed five or six times, and no 1 tlon was offered. If there were ml In tho House who thought that if til was defeated, tho lino wonld be 1 of, they would bo mistaken. Thl tion for the line wonld not cease am oonetraotlon was sanctioned. (Appfl The trado of the Colony was drill Yiotoria, and Melbourne was hem the commercial centre of Tasmania! want of the oonstrootlon of the! Western railway waa assisting thstJ affairs. — Mr Woolnongh conslderel way connection with the Coast wul able. He was prepared to snppJ bill, if the company were prepm carry out thoir part of the sgnl as satisfactory as tho Government I carry out its undertaking. That vfl difficulty, and the point on I he would like to bo assoredj would vote for the bill vfl prejudice. — The Premier explalnm attitude of tho Government, statiu they wero acting in tho best intern the Colony. Tho Government wool pose tho amendment of the select! mlttee in regard to the grades sndl nob being nnder tho control of ill gineer appointed by tho Minister, I It waa agreed to by the House! members of tbo Gouernment throw In their lot with those spim bill, and oppose the third resdingjl Government proposed to ron them from Glenoro to the Florentine >fl and the company would have tel struct the railway from there to ml Coast. — Mr Fowler asked what ij company stop running.— The Rfl said then the Government wooldM new line to' Zeehan for £200,0w.| Evans supported the bill, wstel that tho line was warranted, I that Hobart was entitled to j Mr Qaffney held that thoy hid 1M rnaoh about tho railway sinco ls»1 was time they did aomotliiiig, or III up the ghost. Ho woold support thaj If ho thought tho company meuj naaa T. waa hi. Intention to oppv extension of timo. The compaajl had ample timo to have com" operations. Ho favored a pw"l survey being mado to tho West tho Government, and then, no «| some other eyndloito would Wl matter qp.-Mr Gnosdon e roogt ported the' bill.— The motion M eooond reading of tho bill waomna to, on tho following division :-A»I Bird, Bradley, Burbnry, Davlej, '! Gueadon, Hamilton, Hodgman, , Wtj Lewie, Mulcahy, Nloholls, Urqnhart, Shaw, Woolnough , umiu Alkenbead, Arohor, Boat, "J W. H. T. Brown, Burko, IJ<m Fowler, Hall, Hartnoll, Hope, M MoOrooken, Pattoraon, Reibey, Sedlor, Walbuck. Dr Orowthor ; against, Mr M,c" Mr von S.loglltz was the only aw at the division. , Mr Burko moved the sreoud iw a bill to amend the Coi llln M whioh proposed to abolish th fiuo of 10a, »nd leave ho poind 7 discretion of the justices.— reading woe agreed to. rj„, A bUl woe Introduced by Mr 91 to regulate the attachment "! for debt, and woe read a firat Urn Mr Gaffney gave notice to the tax on sheep bo reduce , t 3) head, oattie 3d, and carcase meat » WThe House at 9'45 adjoornd Tuesday . - The severe heat at preeont M perlenoed In England la P rails, which has caoeed eevertl the jLondon provinces to bo <t»'d " Jonea, did you suffer ouoh wb got that fell on the Icy BidewdwjI) suffered more from hearing J nineteen times that ehe bad torn ought to wear my overahoee. 