The Australian Warhorse and His Rider By Milkoy. III. Since iny last visit tn the sindy mnpliiti ea'ie :tt Kanflwiclv, where th.J voluuieer cmiijj is pitched, tliere have been some alterations rtgaid iug the luirses. All ihe bet-t-ioukiDjr ai.il wtl! tr ed hoises have been dr.i'ted out fro :n the main body that are tethered betweun tl^e to A-nuliip of tents ea-t (f the muskctiy shed, and have been lined up together in a new camp west of the S00 yards rau^e. 1'li.s new citup ami the hoisua ore devt ted to the picked uieu ( f tlie voiunteeis, chit fly the Fir^t Australian Korse who m- to the land of Ooiu Paul as civnlry. while the remaiuiuj; volun teers camped nearer the Eea go as mounted in fautry. An hour can be well spent in the cavalry camp by any lover of horses, especially ju the Scone, Gunuediih, and lfelltrtes division. I have uever seeu the highly-fid, carefully -kej,t English cavalry hoises— except in jnciuree— therefore, cau uot compare the lot at Itaudwick with them, but if ihe English hoises are bettf r than the draft under orders fcr Africa. Thomas Atkins, Esq., is well mounted mdted. A horseman who desired a better mount than 7-' per cent, jf the Australians will make would be hard to please. Looking through the lines one drop3 across same bi audsw ell-known to horsemen throughout Australia for the sterling qualitu s of the breed foe hud bush woik, while here and there a, brand shows that the bearer of it h'ret saw the light in a stud devoted entirely to rai-ing thoroughbreds. A slashing 15.3 bay horsu — evidently an officer's mouiit— cairies the famous crooked R of Mr. Richard liouse of Biia gaubil on his near shoulder, which is a guarantee that more than two-thirdsof the blood tint ccursesthrough his veins is pure. Also the general cut of this noise favours the belief tdat Lis mother or grandmother was got by old Grandmaster when he filled the House paddocks with stout-hearted eons and daughters, whose doings on the tuif, over timber, on the road, aud oil cattle camps ha\e been extolled iu verse and prose for nearly a generation. A c'oan-cut, flat boned youug chestnut is near by, on whose shoulders is a simple Y that tells us he is thoroughbred, having being raised in the Hobartville paddocks aud bred fur a race, but probably, like many another, did not have quile enough pace to narraut his being Uaiued on, 60 he was set to earn his liriug in a humbler fashion than currying frilk, as did his ancestors for 250 years. This horse looks very like a Grand Flaneur, whose stock are famous for hardiuess and lasting qualities. j So down the liue we go, aud at every step siee a, ?' hoise that strikes one as haviug more thau a half share of the plastic thoroughbred iu him, an.l is by , some renowned iacer or close relation to one. The ,?? mrne pure blood there is iu the contingent of horses I the belter it will be for their riders, as the bloud | hoise is always the best at any kind of work except | perhaps pulling heavy louds, aud even at that he % will pull mure for his weight thau a Clydesdale. Perhajis everybody does not know that there is mere of the thoroughbred iu the crack trotter of the Va.u f Cleve. Maude S., Suuol, Jay Eye See, and John R. gentry ordei , than there is of any other kind of ?' blood'. These cavalry horses siud the iufantry mounts have settled down complacently t ) camp life aud aie little trouble to their attendant*. Ti.ey have fallen into the groove of things is smisiblv as have their n-icrsfulleu into strict; military discipline. The value of organisation and discipline in any business or game is incalculable, but the gutting tu'e machiuery of organisation aud discipline in proper working order usually costs much time and temper to accomplish. When tLe troubi« it takes ti- lick i team of 20 footballers into a properly organised state is considered some idea can be gained uf the work the sergeants in the legular foices have had to do to get live or Bix hundred raw, but willing, yuuug fellows info their present stute of eflici«ncy. The manner in which both mounted iufatitrv ami cavalry go through their work now speaks loud y for the ability of their instructors, and ;il5o their own good sense. The natural snat and riding style of the volunteers have not been interfered with in the '?'- least by the officets. They have not been asked to adnpt the senseleHs, but picturesque, rock-like, autj matic style of the trained cavalry or mounted m faijtry man, but ride the same on the parade ground as they would to a bush race meeting or cattle muster ; except that they are made sit erect. They are allowed to tide tl.eir own lengths, not the drill sergeant's length, consequently their woik conns easier tuan it wouKl if they were compelled to sit stiff in the saddle with theii toes in the stiirups. as I a bright young Ciiindeutuiiian put it ' as if we wen; a-gittiu' our picturs took/' SjmeiDeuiideslu.it and others long. Tu get proper control over a wide barrelled horse bushmou generally let their leathei. out a hole or two, but if a narrow slab is to be ridden he is best man a gwl with ashoitstirrun, consequently, when a soldier ha6 his htirrups fixed acconiing to the length i:f Ins log, irrespective of the shape ami action of the horse, he is not a horseman but a mere machine. VVheu the Austiali.m Laucers went to Euglaud for training they weiv compelled to entirely alter their style o! riding aud conform to the accepted Bjitish idea, or .i cavalryman's seat, an idea probably formed iu tin dark ag^.s, when the soldiers on draught horses rode forth to battle enveloped iu enough ironmongery to build a gunboat. With a steel helmet as big as a small camp oven ou the head, two plates on the back aad on tLe chest, as well as great pieces of steel oa t TYPE --F AUSTRALIAN WOOL WAGGON. TYPE OF AUSTRALIAN WOOL WAGGON AND LOAD. Like the Cape waggons, these have to go over all sorts of country. Photo, by Lipten, Capetown. CAPE MOUNTED INFANTRY PASSING THROUGH ADDERLEY- STREET, CAPETOWN, FOR THE FROXT DURING THE VISIT OF THE AUSTRALIANS. the thigh— a m;m hud ro sit up, Mirt they did not give him much cluince to display horsemans-hip. No doubt tbeee i 1(3 ruimsi-icrp. iliugooiif, or whati!»er they were dubbed, looked jiitt. lovely dra-r\ up on parade, with the ironwoik siii; n g in tl.e Ru,i, but I would i ot coi s der it tiusufe to wager 10 to 1 en an equal number of liushiniMi up^e.ttu.g them ill sl.oit older without {.ett ng :i s-ciiiich in return. If a biuh contingent leaves lit-re, ai d they are the right emt of men nicked by buslitnen who know the meaning of the w« id, and the kind of men ive mean when wo say ' bust. men m.d rough licjeis,' ai d they get a cliurce of doing ? ome woik in the saddle uudur the «yo --f iho-e veiy in: dein soldiers, Lcrd Kitchener :m-! Loid Roberts, the old loemthe s tin up style of the Fnglish cavalryman may be alteied after the war into a style as natural as the present Btyle is unnatural. The present style Hods no end of champions, who declare that a British cavalryrcdi: can r;cie his horse over a fence in that rigid, poker- backed attitude with ease and certaiuty. No 'doubt be can, because he knows the fence is there and exactly how the trained horse will jump it, but it iu a case of emergency he is given an uutiaincd horse to ride, and that un trained animal takes it into his head to test the seat of his rider with a few soul stirring ?' rcots.' it is more than likely that the cavalryman would be laid out tuli length on mother earth before he ceuld say '? eyes right .'' Laet week the sightseers at Eaudwiek eanip saw a short but very pretty exhibition of buckjumping in tl e ssud on paiade. He was a koi d suit of horse, lidden by oi e of t'ie lads belonging to the First Aus- t-alian Horse, ai'd liad the giouud been good no doubt the horse would liaic donu much better than I e did, but liis iidi r coull Lave ' stopped tnere '' under any conditions. This lad's horsemanship has nut been spoiled by fixid, old-fashioned ideas, and such men at lie, aijd plenty of them, are what they rcquiie out in Africa. The vmious (trills in the satidle --ave luen nadily picked up by the contin gent. Staff-.- eigeai.t Ken all teils me the men are the handies-t and mot-t wiling lot of lads lie has ever dropped acro.-s, and he does i, ot anticipate the least trouble with them in camp or in actioi . Of course the mounted infantry do nearly all their fighting on foot, the horses being used only as a means of locomotion, therefore, they are drilled on horse back chiefly to use them to the saddle, and in special methods of misleading the enemy, which are, we understand, very popular with the Boers, such as firing a few rounds and then into the saddle and ' skedaddle ' for another position. They work in uuits of four, three fighting -while the fourth hold their horses in cover. This fourth man must never lose sight of his three mat-s. and when the retreat is sounded he must gallop to them at once with their horees. With the cavalry the drill is different, and as f Mr as I could see the majority executed every order with out hesitation. Of course thpy are not all as forward as they wM be in time, and odd men know vtiy little of the drill. Occasionally amusing mistakes occurred. A yc ung fellow in tbe d:ess of a civilian was being drilled with atroopof honemen the otlier day, and Sergeant Dal v gave the older 'by the light, single file, canter,' The lad alluded to was on the extreme left, fronting the sergeant, c^nsi quently he would have been last man of the fiki hud he followed tbe order properly and turned to the right, but he lunged to the left and gaily cantered away 'on his own,' while tLe balance (f the troops were canteiing in the opposite dm ctu n. Re went about 300 yaids btfore he di&coversd; \iU mistake, then he came galloping back to the main body hot, flunied, and as if a thousand Boers were, afwr his scalp. All thesB men have been drilled with either a sword or carbine iu one hand, aud they manage to handle their horses first rate. However, they should be piactised to ride as the Boers do wheu they are in a hurry and the enemy are at their heels, that is to ride without the reins. By dint of practice they will learn to guide the horse by knee pressure, leaving both hands free for the gun. Of course some will never learn this trick, but there are plenty iu the contingent that wiil. Some of these boys will learn anything, aud learn quickly loo. After a hard day's work and drill, extending full 12 hours, the majority of these lads wore as larky and as fresh as row paint the other nighr, and ;la-cd about the camp like so many school boys ; leap fmg, jumping, ' chalking ' scratch pulling, and other g^mes wore indulged in by many, while the uiora staid sat en tbe embankments and talked to tl eir fneuds— male and female — who came out fr- in tie city in droves. Chaffing was freely indulged in all round, and if nny lad made a mstake during the da.^ he was suie to be remiudsd of it while the evin in-? meal was ia progress. ' Nice bloomer you made when old Rasper pive that order to gallop iu rile tn-day. A pretty bio jih iu' eojer you'll make, I don't thiuk,'r said a thick-set ' chuukey ' jouth to a slim, wiry ynungs'er from the plains, who, pannikin in hum!, rep'ied : 'Oh, you're a bloomin' wonder at anythink you are, but you ain't the bloke wot fought Roman's ghost ou ele Ryrie's stockyard fence with a bul lock chain, lou ain't, you know.'' '? Now, look 'ere, Sinn,' returned his better nourished tormentor, ' before you go arHiV tomor rer you ast the sargent to let me tie yer ou I don't want to see vj hurt, and I bate to si-e a uiau settiu' on a horse as if he was a shearer's pack strapped ou ugly. K^ ' Ride ! Why 1 can ride yer bloomin' 'ead off. I was breakin' m for oln Miles wheu von was strvin yer apprenticeship to a grocer.' ' Yju bruakin' hi, you — *' 'Horse loose here', No. 0,' came loudly from a A GLIMPSE OF ENGLISH FARMERS AT DOUGLAS AND THEIR NATIVE RETAINERS. These were among1 tlje loyalists icscued from Douglas by the Queens landevB last week. DirPIXG SHEEP OX A LOYALIST FARM, DOUGLAS. CARRYIN(i IX A WOUNDED COMRADE UNDER FIRE AT THE BATTLE OF REITFOXTEIX. From a photo, hy Mr. G. Lynch, of the ' Illustrated London News.' AMONG THE DOUGLAS FARMERS - A LOAD OF FORAGE OX A CAP]-: WAGGON. OU SAATJE. The iirst cannon ised liy the Boers in the war of 1880. It was miulc uui. of waggon wheel tires by the man -1nndin£ alongside, and ik in ; stranye contrast to their Creusot and Krupp guns of tu-day. WAR PICTURES OF THE WEEK. 1\. Colesbui;;, around and for wbich the Uueeublandtrs and Canadians are so gallantly rotating. 2. A sun crew of the Canadian battery of artill. ry (who so well supported the Quoenslimders at Sunnvsilei iu their n-n-ado uniform 3\. Mr.AVinstonCnurchill,c.):rtspondentof the 'Daily Mail, twice tasen prisoner and twice escaped irom the Boers, who says Britain shuul I have 250,000 troops in the present war. 4 One of the --uns from II Si S T rnblp whi 1 ^i Ladyamith. M-mbted on the car.iage invented for the purpose by Captain Scott, and which has attracted so much attention in service circles. 5. Lieufcenant-G.neral Warren, -who has gme w th his division U th ^5* General Buller. ' ' aia ol Bergeant ov sonibody in Authority, and the wordy war between Ihe8e (in bush ceutaurs wa8 postpoueri for the nonce. ' They say them Bares can 'it a 'elmet every time at 600* yards,' submitted a very F.unburnt Lachhoaidur. ' Xot they,'' disput d his fiiend. ' I ti II yer they can. I see it in the paper.' ' Oh, blow the paper. Wait till we 'ear wot Banjo Paterson thinks about tli' in. He knows the difier :ince between ii damper and a J- hnny enke, he does, but some of them other blokes dnft know nothink, ?ouy wot they'ie told. Banjo's my ruau. loucau bet 'yer boots lie's a fair terror when he staiK ^ '?'I'll bi live about their shuotiu' when I ters it, CAPTAIN C. ii. ANDERSON PELHAM. Whose machine gun did such en';cti\i; work at Sunujiid . coutiibuted a third. ' We never 'eard much about the Queenslanders as shooters out 'ere, but they showed the Bores a point wheu it canie to crackiii' cartridges. I'd like to bet a quid that little Billy, fiom B:-Kgabri, cau outehoot auv bloomin' Bore in all the Trausvil.' And so thej di-cuss things, and whenever the buperionty ot the Boers in riding and marksmanship is moiled, the majority of the bush lads pveseut argue it down, and reckon tLev ate umte as gocd us the wily Dutch man at anything. In the cimp every day there were numbers of ladies-you»g ladies-very it,t«i - ested, very eutbuMHstic, and very proud of anv hardy sun-burnt warn ,r bold they knew, and t- show how proud they were they talked war news glibly but Glte i said things best l.;[t unsaid. AiM.val laced maiden of 'M summers looking sweetly into tho hard grey eyes-eyes thit bode no gomf for a.nv peripatet c Boer that may cume in si-^ht of tiiein -of a six-foot , 23.yMr.old, lithe Austiali*., »,t,n. man, says naively, '? The Queenslandera must' (with I he accent on tlie must) ?? be very'bravr. follows How tl e papers do appUud them, Fre-l.'' She » probably lied, sswettheait, tliemforc i,c can afford to b-- June : he iep!i°s fulk.ly, ' The QueeuslamU-rs nu't no better than anybody el-e,' and with a vou-wilU see-wheii-we-gti-at-iuein luok, },«, towered sis much as possible over his adoring liit'u fiancee .iiid looked as stein as he could on suc!i shoit notice. Three yo-ii,f- ladies sit on the 80(1 yards embankment nnd discussed things military with three off-duty men while a squad W3s beiag drilled by a stern-voiced sergeant m tne vicinity. A mild, blue-eyed ymphatic maiden ' didn't like that tall black mail' \fi. Bun-burut drill sergeant), ' he is so rough you know ; I am sure he is trot --;-?» wn t'nieS ^^ ^ l0°ked bl^SS pliSnXS. o^'louXr tougt J°° T 