NEW RIDDLES. When does the -pine pine? - When the' leaves leave. Why was the cat caught? Because of. its naws' pause. When. will Steyn stay in? When he is with his cronie, Cronje. Why is the band banned? Because a noise annoys. Why is something something? Be cause it's not naught-. Should a woman woo man? If it suit her suitor.. Why did the cook cook ? To get the bacon baken. „ When is a class "class"? When its elect are select-. What would make a real reel? Wood would, with a cotton on, after the tur ner turned her out of a bored board. Why did the flag flag? Because a Boer bore it. When does the cook cook? When she lets the stew stew. We also give the following verse of poetry which, although not a riddle, exhibits the same play upon words as the above conundrums: — Our. pleasure boat had sprung a leak, We had ho nails to nail her ; In vain we tried to plug the hole, Nor could the sailor sail her. With hate we baled the water out, To raise and lighter make her, But all our labour went for naught, Because a breaker brake her. Old Gentleman (to daughter) : "And so you have promised to marry young Sampson?" . Daughter: "Yes, papa, and the day is -set; and the minister selected, and we are going to Europe." Old Gentleman (timidly): "My dear, I have a great favour to ask- of you." Daughter: "What is it, papa?" Old Gentleman : "If I am not asking too much, would you mind sending me cards to the wedding?" Uncouth Young Manr 'May I kiss you; Miss Jones?'! Miss Jones (radig- nanntly) : "What, do - yon mean, sir ?" U.Y.M. (surprised) : "Doa'M you- know what a kiss is yet? Well; yon aro the funniest girl I ever- saw. Good even- ing-." "Polhemus, you .look - like a ghost. Have you had. a spell of sickness?" "No, Magruder. there's nothing . the matter with me but my .microscope." "Your microscope? What do you mean?" "I was a happy man, Magruder, until my last birthday. My wife made, me a pre sent of ' a microscope, and in an evil hour I took it and began examining the articles of food we eat and drink-. Magruder, I've lived for two weeks on distilled water. 'It's -the only thing that isn't full of nameless horrors.'! 