W ^RISTMAS ^ONlifeHT, \OOXPLSTB STOST1 [OOPTETQIIT J 1ZA D U r F U S HARDY, >f« T: romance of ibe Bear Ca . j>1r ZT rjr Hose," &C.J; fee. suge trees bend- ing beneath their Lurihen of ruddy-ripe golden fruit, the tall slim pines, the graceful "yellow pines" <>f the south,„tbeir feathery crowns of foliage traoed in delicate pencilling against the burning azure of a ^ky almost too vivid in its light and colour. It was only the hour after early breakfast, yet the sunbeams already poured in a broad level blaze on the piazza, and danoed in a dazzle of dia-. inonds on the lake, that was as pure a blue the shining sky. It was as fair a scene as the eye could desire, yet Helen spoke with a sort of involuntary sigh. Who would, ever think it was Christmas Eve?" 4i "Isn't it lovely?" said her sister Mary* with ismiiing content. Sweet iffarj Weston, happily, married and settled in thi6 fair Florida home, had ceased to sigh for her native land. Yes, it's lovely, if onlv one didn't see so much of it! But what I should like to see now would be frost and snow or even § good thick yellow.London fog !" - "I'm afraid, even John-could not oblige you with that here, though I think be is not - rery far behind the French king (which one was it ?) who had the ground covered with salt when the lady of his heart conceived a perverse desire.to go sleighing in summer." " John spoils me, and I'm afraid he's hot the only one that does," rejoined Helen, sraillig and stretching out her hand to her sister. ** I don't think we've spoilt you, Nell'!" said Mary Weston, patting the pretty hand. • But I think John would, if he conld." 4 4 "He is very good," the younger sister said, less lightly. •• He is J" Mrs. Weston agreed emphatically.' " And... you - are very fond of him.. aren't you r " with & touch of anxiety which she did not intend to Ttwfeaj, but which was plain as the sun in the heaven to Helen's quick perception. " Yes, I am," she answered sincerely ; "I. should be very ungrateful if. I wasn't ! But I do wish he would take me home for a honeymoon trip !" she added, with only ' half-playful petulance, "Everybody goes to England on tiieir bridal trip." „ " Kot every body, dear." " Well, everybody who can afford it, r,nd ' John can afford anything he likes! * " But, you see, it is John's business 1 keeps him here." * Oh, yes, I know. I dare say it seems just s a perverse fancy of mine, like longing for a sleigh nde in summer, for enow in this sunny south." "I'm afraid, dear Kell, you get a little homesick sometimes." "Do I, Mary?" with a curio.ue smile., u You think so ?" "I am. afraid so. sometimes,, dear. -Butrou'll settle down all happily and comfortably • when once you are married and in your own home." '* Yours has been home to me, Mary!" " And you have helped to make it a real home to me. I might have felt a little strange and far-away even with Fred, if it had not been for you". And now I must go and help Chloe make the cakes. * And Fll come and S} do the mmeepies," said Helen 4 cheerfully. *» No, no, Nell; I won't have you. getting tired and flushed over the store; John will be coming soon.'• . " Pooi\~dear Mary I " said -Helen to herself, as her sister hastened away on household cares intent. " She only thinks I am home-' If she only knecv>how tired I am of ' oranges and pinetrees! Andshe^sso anxious, poor dear, to be assured that I am really fiend of John: Dear, good John!. the only thing I*in afraid of is that he i6 too good for. me! But I shall he able to make mm hajmy, I think. Anyhow, I'U do my best.:- And Vm sure I sball be happy with him, as happy as any woman can espeet to be, after flse first dream is over!". She sighed as her thoughts wait back to that first dream." * Walter," she murmured. " Poor Walter! Iihe i had lived Visions of another Christmas rose before her. W^ter 5raa helping her to put up the holly. l%ey two were lingering over their £4od-night in the hall. - He was .folding a map round ha-as she went out into the chili of tie white wintry night with him. to look at the snow gntt^ingio the moonlight.. Oh, for that "white Christmas'*. of-four years "My poor boy!. My poor boyV Helen aid* softly to herself. ".To think that the cold, tana! sea, the deep, dreadful sea, soli* over his head I and that no one, . no cb£. «5B ever, ever know the troth ?" She \- and e^agped her hands, and the height «c3enzs of ths sunny landscape grew csm to bff eyes. •'..••• Bat when. John Armstrong, hg stalwart fo? 1 ®, esse, the emTte was ready to greet him pa hsrHps. Sse -was vezy ftaid of John, end the past'wss pest: the pweetrfr, thosgh it ffidasem £ Brae, dull aKBS&Bee;, ' s little pale end tazae beside thaipxn- dead sod •yet f&B; e£ hope: thanks to Jc&n; I Stsfcered hy hs love, sorely As wonld be gaietem the 6iangc£ ssseboet, erei from the fnartiffn \- gssiiag oe feoBess&aes.He; was so fffwE, itgsre baa atiafjliig seese of protpf^y . fe* he wish lam. Ee had ^eBsaSestia ^fisjas^ Bod with aS fit twiwuttmljag Mtigb, gyfatj^f^aff*' ww^m - Hefca kred «jf £»s£ zoogh ieavse ssi itatartaii teadesnes a&9atfezm,£s&o;&E;£ esazeed hereof that ehe teaBr loved' him Teey notTojlsnsb <& ^bce^e&aa; WK-easeaesr-. Mask isjasa were tat Bmchin H"*^^ £si. re way: 'John was FggH^ too. Pehaps, if he BtS rathss bsr -eotxixeiast, he E*od his Hiden hax^rto -sie. ^Sezeverz -m£by3£BgS£i in this part ctfKsadt, hot few & fortfcnaie s£ 3obn Arnaferc^ SrscytZmg he toughed to now in wznaing Heiec*s tn^i'he _ wtm. hs earning heart's dsare. His sss-lsacszed 2nd somewhat' ruggedfriwfaff^. feeevuft Wnmtf , es he diw hit rjfxjr ss e£oee &s; it he drawn to hesa, sod took poaseasbn of bsr hzndandftit the ^ptiAfv fisges rat in las b% palm, as if it werethsrhcsEse. "Do yoa know, dating thse i&theh2p;« past CtsBStBBS Vve erer had f" he Kid. " S n a j O Q T a e e boyl" tejeatei, tbztytm ''viC&t; P 3S& gsB e \- J£aa. ytsifBeaarifces. srttfi tat \ flmaling \ „ tnadh J vfbea to * {2szs jsozp' own girl! No} darling, there's not a soul in eight! You are my own girlj aren't you? Helen, darling, what .would you like to do to keep our Christmas to-morrow? Shall we have & drive in the evening and a picnic supper in the woods by moonlight P'- " A moonlight picnib on Ohristmas night! Oh, John,' where is your sense of the fitting ?' * John looked puzzled. "I want to do anything that would please you, dearest. What would please you?" " Oh, I don't know. Perhaps a good oldfashioned English frost, or a London fog, or a eleigh- ride!". recalling her convorsatfon with her sister. "Nothing I can give you P" he said, with a shade of disappointment. . . "John, dear, you're too. good J" she said, with a sudden gush of tenderness. " I don't deserve that you should get me anything! Diary said to me just now that she thought I was a little home sick—and I suppose that'* just, what I am ! -Oh, John, couldn't we go home in spring on a little honeymoon trip ?" " I'm afraid not, doxling ; perhaps some t.>me, but not now. Helen, can't you be happy here? Tou know I'll do all .l ean." " Indeed I f do .-know it, you are the! best and dearest of old Johns!" she answered, more lightly, with her sweetest smile. "He!:en," he slid, after a thoughtful pause, in which his genial face had grown grave, "do you know that I feel sad somelimes, fearing that the life here won't content you, that you'll be thinking of England ;ts •home!* And I wonder sometimes whether it isn't beoause it was in England that—that you remember you told me, darling, bleas your truthful transparent soul, that wouldn't keep any secret from me, my sweotheart! that there was—some one yoti—liked there—. some one who is dead." . we talk of him ?" said Helen more coldly. "No, no, darling, hot if it hurts you ! But it hurts me to wink that there's a 'pain in that'memory still 1 I'd like to take all pain, ail trouble, from you, even any pain of the past! I'd draw the stmgfrom your memory if I could ?" " No memory can sting me very sharply while I have you, John,", she answered with an impulse of self-reproachful, half remorseful tenderness. "And I won't give way to home sickness.any more.if it gives you the least bit of pain ! Dorft trouble yourself. John, about the. ghost of' yesterday! Tonorrow is yourS!" . r 41 And to-day? " he urged. * Is to-day— livided? Or is it all mine P " c "I think it looks an if it were all yours," she said, softly, as he kissed her. "Let yesterday rest, John, rest with the last year's snows in England ! And let us go and pick oranges to-day ? And there are some guavae still. I should like some for lunch. We never, see them at home except in jelly, do we ? . After all, there are some -good things in. the sunny south !" she added,' with, a lapse into r -her old, light, laughing, tone. " There. aro guavaB, and grape-fruit, and you! " John Armstrong went away happy. . One thiog only how troubled him, he could not make up his mind what to.give Helen -for a Christmas present. ~ Blundering fellow that he was ? he reproached himself, not to have thought over it before. He went to the. best jeweller's in Giralda, the nearest large town, where, having but little time to spare, and. being unable to make up his-mind in haste on the spot, he ordered a selection of choice trinkets to be sent to. .his rooms, for his leisurely inspection. Every one in Oiraldu knew -John Armstrong,; and there was no difficulty made about entrusting the jewel* to his care. He was looking in anxious cogitation from the contents of one velvet-lined case to. another, as they were set out before him on the table, wheu there was a tap at the door, and the negro "bell-boy " announced, "Mr. Lawrence, sah, wants to know ef he kin see "Why, oertaiuly.. Show Mr. Lawrence up. Come in, Lawrence, glad to see you, and a merry Christmas to you, my dear fellow!" "The same to. you! I see I needn't ask how you are!" said the visitor, glancing at John Armstrong's healthy :hrown face. , "Oh, I'm all right—right as a trivet v 1 And youP how have you been.? AIL light tdb/Ihope? Grove flourishing?" ' " . ..".Yes, all going on weJL Pve eome up to Giralda on a. little business, and you're the first person Fve looked up." " That's right, that's au right!" 6aid Armstrong, heartily, " Fve been thinking of running down to Tampa, and then I'd have been the one to look you up, but I've . had my bauds full lately ; it's been a busy time, though it's not been: all business 1 You've just come in the nick of time now, to give me your help and advice. . I was just muddling imy brain over these' things." jerking his head towards th'e display on the table. " Which do you thinkV the—tlie b»st of the lot ? .. Ebe—the most likely to— suit a lady?" Armstrong was'stammering and the colour rose in Ins bronzed cheek. '*'• A lady? Ah! " eaid Lawrence, with a smile. "Pleasure as well as business been keeping you about here. I see P" , " Yes, you see, well, fast is, I'm going to be married." " Seajiiest congratul&tioftfi;, fellow I Theyoung lady's lucky~&afe; I know 1 and so are you, I hope i" . '* I just am 1" said A rm strong emphatically. " Wait till yon see her J " " When die will be wearing one of these, I expect! V suggested Lawrence. He was a younger man than Armstrong, fairer -and of slighter build, with a tawny beard, honest, kindly blue eyes, a pleasant, though rather -lid, anile, and .a gaaerally rat£s grave, ri;oughtfnl expre^on- Hie was sympaThe^-" colly willmg to help the peoples©! taver in his choiee of a gift, which, was fortunate, - as poor John had not much taste, &ud; was scwely bewildered in his contemplation of the embarras de richesses" that lay before him; 4CKow this—^this is something out of the common, eh?" he suggested, but hesitatingly/ as deferring to Lawrence's better •judgment, pointing to a necklace of alligator's teeih lavidily Bet in gold. "Or thisnow?" heart-A&ped; ornament almost big enough to wear aa & ^taeSd, and adorned with a trae lors^e knot Padded with jewels of .all the colours of the rainbow. " Bo you fiiMk alSgators te^h quite a i«eUv thing^iq ck^ roroda. girl's 1 tiiroat?" Lawresioe demmaed. ** And isn't this a tride—j osfcs trifle tfcawy?" Jo$m'e<loenieBaeeim. ; "She £fag dainty esd. ddicat&,' he sad- ••'. J " How about tiab?" said. Lawrence, taking up a ample bu*~605ily necklet of & gngleetring of eiqnisistiy matched peads. It Armssrrog'fi i&m; to demur. " Don'tpeade mean tears?" he rejoined. .. - Ah 5 You weuldn^t gsvmg- her x those ?" said the yocsg^r man, gift a smile ibset endsd in z besath H k e zjagk^ - v. ;.- "Ko s I wooldc'tj" said Armstrong, noticmg ha fri^ T _ "ook with £& instanst of Setiow-iseKnt You wooldn't either, would yovu L ^e, if you were dioodnir —-someibingJw ^xa&ho;&.yf 3 ' So, Issppoee I riionld he too. Bat ^ J - D o r f aa'p^ had tH the tsupaeeti&m.; zxA isocy «a rsassnaepcettf ®-£iI knc«fadoat of "Tbese'e j.,l,ulIj. ! bocy thee ?" "OneeP Iwauefe wtorf, loekiag dewxat^paolfieii^ee. When .the ^osee finally xstadscf a b e u x t e t wiiha. fm-teared mnmrock m a&ssxma;* ("AH wans** lake mmroSe, th* two mea had: egoi^, ibeepQBS&s; tad Osnm vjjh zjape ^ fin* sod giaa, sad fife** then Armstrong fiM referred, in ^ his &sz;)idy sympaflistiic, if Vlassd^mg war to XAWrea&?*}*ke ftHirnnarm. ** Ytd frfraift my—xsy aAiog yoa Ahsui tt^it," nodding to wards thelBacdfi, ^reesL's ; thmsx to you V* | "They bsven'i got Uriah* recalled, thev S e E a r the waxUtse,**. younger vmt yas smZ It—it— " " " " ' hi* ^ -. Lawrence paused a mutnenV theu tjaiu, ! abruptly: ' "She thinks I'm dead, at least Iliope she ] does. She's far away-—I shall never Bee her ; again. But somehow CIiriBtmas . alwux c . m>ikes me think of old days.' : Armstrong nodded iu Silent. Lawrence paused a moment,, then added witI almost harsh abruptnees : • y •: "Look here, Armstrong, I've often though: of telling you. I was veiy near it.more than once, when you were .such a good, chum tome, at Ocala. The fact U, I—I left Englandunder a. cloud! My very name—well, itV my own, for I was christened Lawrence uk my second .name, but it's not my.tru; surname. There are-othera of us here who ha\ e come out of the way, as I did, but not msiuy r shadowed by a cloud'as black as mine." , "What was it, .my boy?" asked John Armstrong, fraternally. ".Oh, " I've not bolted from the law," Lawrence said quickly; " I stand clear of that, I:think. But it's the suspicion, or which.Lfeel I shall never be clear." . * She suspected—believed ill of you?" :< '/God bless her—no. She declared she had faith in me. But no ooe else bad. I couldn't ask her to marry .mc under a cloud, to take. my name with the stain on it. I caiiie abroad to live it down, and th" ship iu which I'd taken my passage was. wrecked—you remember the disaster of -the Columbia'?' I was. supposed to have been on boards my name was in th * list of lost. But at. the last miuute an accident bad prevented my sailiug. No one knew at home that. I'had not sailed. They all believe, that I went down with the Columba and the : rest of her unlucky passengers and crew.".- v " And she believes it, too?" 4'She must, what, else can she think?. It is better so. I decided not to write and tell her I was safe." •' She may be grieving—mourning for you,'' suggested Armstrong. " For a time—yes. But it is bf»st as it is— for.her. She.is youug,* the thought of me and my trouble would be a more lasting cloud on her. bright girlhood than the thought, of my death. I would never have married her unless I could give her a stainless name. She will bo happier, not knowing. She believed me innocent—that is my comfort. Let her believe me dead, for her own peace." " It's a sad. state of things,", mused Armstrong. " And what-r-what was. the— " he hesitated for a time—"the trouble," he finished. • • • " They called it murder—an ugly word, isn't it ? But. whatever ifc was, X h^d - zjo hand in it. If any man ki'leil Philip Stretton, it was not I!" '•Philip Stretton,!". John Armstrong started. His back was to the light, so Lawrence could not- see how his healthy colour puled. "Yes, .you remember the case; I see? I own.it did look black against me. He was my cousin, and I his heir—though it would have been. the other way. round, he would have been my heir, and I should have stood in his shoes, if my grandfather had not made an unfair will. I had been imprudent—T was in a little difficulty—and I w«<s foolish enough to ask Philip for a.loan, only an advance for three months. He said things that cut me. There was a soreness betweeu us, Iown, but I would never have injured a hair of his head. Youremember,vperhaps, how. I was arrested, remanded—all the miserable story P There was hot evidence enough agaiimt me to send the case for trial, but there' was enough to make people believe me guilty—to make me: feel a pariah and au outcast—to make me cast aside my.father's name, as -a tarnished- and unclean thing—-to drive me into exile here, as a dead man, dead to his own land aud his own people." "It's a sadbusmess," said Armstrong, his voice strangely husky- " I remember heaiiug of it." A pause; then he. added z *'But, Lawrenoe, Iaay, old ohum, aren't you 'perhaps a bit over-sensitive about people— suspecting you ?" "Over-sensitive! Wheu I've seen women turn aside to . avoid recognising me—when the very children have started at me as if I were a"wild beast 1. But there, talking of it can't mend matters." He filled'his glass hastily; hishand iihook ashe rai&>ed it to his lips. John by his side. . Another knock atthe doorj and the entrance of si6econd visitor—this time, a genial and somewhat boisterous one, to wish the -compliments of the.season, interrupted the conversation, xatheLto the relief of .both Armstrong and Lawrence, andit was much to the host's relief when both his viators departed. Left alone at last, he stood by the window deep in troubled .thought, staring out across the rough sandy road jsrith eyes that could notsee. ' "•". •'.• •'' ' •• " I never dreamt of this," he said to .him-p: his lips.. framing, the words - without. sound, as men who have lived much alone often, get the habit of communing with themselves. . f".This comes, of shirking, or trying to shirk. One can't shirk a thing—it will follow one. If it were not for Helen, now. It * plain enough—the thing to do. Ic stares me 1 in the face. But Helen, who trusts me. Iruust think of her first. Yet that boy . He's been wronged enough.. He wouldn't marry his girl with a stained name. Can I hiarry my girl with a stained conscience? ' His girl in Bngland stuck to him. Alaybe mine would -stick to me.;.. Would she, though? It's ah ugly .story to tell * her. Sfally if she's got grit enough to etand it ? She doesn't look like one that would - weaken - ed wiit Away from & mau "because of something iu his past—though it does look rather a black business. I'll see. I'll sound her. God forgive me 1 I'm a coward where she's concern Si. I see the right thing plain enough. But l can't—I oau't. Ko, she's myall! I can risk the losing her!" \- Helen was sauntering in the orange-grove iu die moonlight alone. . She was glad to be alone, for somehow this Christmas Eve she was haunted by memories of that other ..Christmas with Walter..four years ago! That past was Head and buried, but its ghost walked sometimes. Two lines of "a poem^ehe had once heard recited kept running in her head :— " Pray for the one beloved,- wherever he may be, In the hush of iheCbristaaas.znidnighthe will -appearto thee!" How still the night was! Grove -and wood and lake seemed to be. sleeping in gileooe. . The moonbeams bathed the fair landscape in a sHv^ sea of light, yet lefc mipenetetted the duisky. myetefies. of shadow in the deepb of " the dajcfe bajwed trees.?' She thought .of that white.winter in Erigisnd, «nd the ^abst of the buried past walfeed in the southem^ moonHght-' Was anything else stirring, too .?- Was thatsetep ? Did-a shadow-move ? Could itbe ^ohn ?. . But Jkihh never oatne that way through fche grove. If-it ehonld b« a trainp. and che so far from tiiehduue ? The xnonng shadow gathered shape -and substance, stepped out from the darkness of the bordering trees, and the moonlight fell fuil tifwa me face. Helen stopped'with a. start. Who—-whs t—was it ? The moonlight vw' well-sigh bright as j day. face, the figure .a»at stood out f g^etsre m with tl^pare which nndagxiingbeam^ the fniui paused at the sight very ~ — ^ h^-t all had been familiar to her once ! | Wes itu ghost ? Were the iines lat had ** In tiie hueh of the CfarieUua* midnight ha \ willeppear to thee." j He, too, had paused sight of th» girl's ]«aim. whtte-K»b«l figme: he started as one thooda- stride as he looked upon hwr fa*®, psSe e&d;/puts m 1he cohnufoa bk&eof; ihtt tttt-izomttl m^mlight, £ur while sbei^red. dumh trith flflttbt &ud; MBflZttoeut, OC thfi dead «Hve> he looked on. the living, Jott to him, whom he - had deemed. five thousand miles awey! He was the fir^ to find his voice. ' .:•-•• "H^en, Helen? He stretched out his haod; it wa^ warm with Ji£s en it Um£te&. bets, ustoaq with Hrio/r human utrengtii a* it daeped hez wld ntld Welter, 'Walter ! Ate you ? I ^hooght—i/Uf all wituaoed Jouu 4*£msiu»ug, uemiug tiie chosau bracelet that was to be his Christmas gift, was on his way to see his -beloved,.but-not with the quick; assured step of the happy, -luver.- He lagged and took the longest way* He might have said, if he bad beeo giveu to quoting t$hHkespeare,' Oh, full of scorpions is . my miud." - They <c bit and stung, those soakesand tempted to silence, prompted him withsnbtie sophistries "for Helen's sake/' Wac» not his first duty to spare her pain^. Yet he knew tbab if he yielded to the temptation. he should feel himself to the last day of hi» life a despicable sinner. For till this day hn had . not lmlised what he had done, but now, if. he kept silence stall, he would be sinning witheye* open. Still could-tie "date u ust Helen with-the truth, at the ri*k of seeing her shrink from him. turn cold to him, perhaps take herself our. of his life. Ou the other hand, it was possible that ehe might not fail him 1 She might pt'ove herself l>rave and loyal-in the crucial hour. He felt be did not know Heien •thoroughly. She was a-sweet rose, "set with little wilful thorns." He could nottell how far her: pretty little waywardness aud girlish caprices were mere ripples on ihe rturfaoe, what depths , of lgve AnSl faith and courage might not lie in -the depths beneath. While she sauntered on . slowlyy deep in thought, Mr footfall- soundless on -me loose, omdy soil, he heard a -voice oil r;flie other sirle of the .slender fringe of trees that bordered the /grove; Not Helen's voice,: he hud never heard that - tone in it. And yefc it wits like here—that voice with the:tender thrill,, the throb.and :-pulse of living-passion, of whfch .he had never~ known it capable. ".Walter—Walter, after all these years!'' • *'My dating! .my darling!" murmured the man's voice,--- shaken and ' husky, but Lawrence's voice. . J!ohu Armstrong made a. noiseless step' forward, looked out of the shadow which conoealed him from their view, and saw Helen,, his bride-elect, . clinging • to Lawrence, - his : arm round . her, her twee uplifted, iu the moonlight to -hiB. For the moment -they. had forgotten all the world but each other. She had forgotten John, and he the stain upon his name, , the <:ause of his exllo. She was first to remember the harner. "Oh, Walter, no—npI Let me go! I must tell you—I am not free!" 11 Is it you, ^then—you --who .were engaged to Armstrong PV^- " Yes. He is'the best aud truest of men," with a sob in her voice. " Walter, now that we have met, ^it-can only be: to part." • . John Armstrong heard no more. Had he not been standing there .as if stricken to stone, paralysed, he would not have heard so much. He turned with a -groping* staggering gesture, like a man reeling, blinded, beneath a stunning blow, yet careful-that no sound of his going should startle them as he went, and left them there together. The moonlightflooded landscape was black to him ; he seemed co bs groping his way through great darkness, his face set from the house towards which his steps had been bent. How could he face Helen now ? It was Helen whom he had wronged ; it was Helen -whom he had robbed of her love, albeit all unwittingly." He had thought of Lawrence's unnamed love as far off, in the. old country. But there was no far-away girl in England—it was Helen, here! . - For her dear sake he had thought of keeping the eileuce -that would have sealed the; sentence of exile from homo and love ca Lawreuoe~and Lawrence was the man she loved. Yet she. would keep her faith with him. She had said it herself! And Lawrence would not claim her so long as the stain of suspected crime clung to his . name. - John Armstrong saw. that he could hold her still 1 1 It was Chrisfcmas Day; the suu -shone on the evergreen pines and the-glossy foliage of the orange trees and their golden fruit, and *ky aud lake were one monotone of radiant azure. Johu and Helen were walking, in the grove, and both were taciturn and ill-atease. ..• ••••„ .• •. "H^len, my girl*"-he. said breaking -a long, silen.ee-.as they drew near. the.spot where she and Walter had met-. last night, " I-had -be<m thiuking- what X-couM^getryou'for Christmas rpresent, - wondering what would, please you' best. And I found out, last night. V . 14 Last night? But you didn't-«ome last nightP".-' : ...*: ••• "Yes, I -came,' Helen. l <came. I came this way," ; , pointing to the- border.of r treesj *'und I was here. Isaw—Iheard." : - Helen started, and the colour rushed , to her face, then ebbing, left it deadly pile. But though ishe was dismayed, she did not blench. She was -too - proud to - quail as guilt might quail. Rather, -there. was^ eveu a .touch, ofreproach iilher tone, as she answered,- .... "You were here, John? You heardP" ^By accideut.' . His brown cheek flushed uow. VL heard ? only a few words. I hurried away. You don't think that I'd, play eavesdropper ou.purpose, Helen?" " No, no, John! But if you heard any^ thing, I wish you had heard all! You would have understood - that I—I was startled, takeu by surprise. I had never dreamt that, he. Walter, was living, when. I—when you—" she hesitated painfully,' yet not as one abashed.or ashamed—then added,"®' never uutil last night!" • \- . "Iknow,i-know, my brave true-hearted girl!" he said. "Yon re not to blame— you've been straight and ? square/ . ."And he," she interposed, hastily. 1 : "And he too," John Armstrong rejoined, "he did not know. Nor I, Helen, do . me jfctice, too ! I didnot know that the man I chummed with at Ocala, - whom I • knew. aB Lawreuce, was Walter Stretton." • " Walter Lawrence Stretton," she explained. "Yes, I koow, he has told me, it is his second name;" he said, -wincing a little at.her, eagerness to explain on his behalf. ."But did not. know-that Walter• Stretton was the name of the man you cared for! We none of us knew. It's been a chapter ^of mistakes all round. But now—now I see what-I can give you, Helen ! I can give you your freedom." " John, no—you are too good!" she protested with remorseful tenderness^—what is to. a man the terrible frank tenderness of .the woman who does not love him!" "Ko, not that!" he saidy recoiling from the word "good" on her hps; "Wait— wait..Helen! till you've:heardslL I give, you back-your freedom and-somethmg more! I give into your hand the -meaus-ofclearing Walter Strefcton's name. Philip Stretfcou's death was no. murder! I. ought to know, becaube—because . ihe. accident—it was . au accident! was, brought about by me!" . "You, John! Oh, John, are you mad she fell bock from him with doubt, fear, horror; iu her eyes. "No. -- I'm not mad, xinlessit's madness to tell you the taruth. It was my hand caused Philip Stretton's death." '' Yours ? Then, who, what—are you ?", . "What I've always, heen,.to you. and all the worlds plain John Armstrong!" . tf*You were there, at Hoi borough at the time? But—how was that? and what had you to do with 1'bilip Stretton ? We never knew anything about you.'*". i l No. You never knew.me nor my sister, my poor little sister Lizzie. But Philip S&retton; knew her; I dare say he didn't talk of her to you. ~We weren't of your set, yon see. You always knew I never concealed from you that I hadn't moved in the same olaas you'd been accustomed to mix with. You knew. that, aud w«e willisg to accept lt.V:- - • ".... "Yesl You -were jourself to me.*? f Thxt's how it is we never met at Hblborou^h^ I was.only there now and. then for a tame, aud we mora1 in different ozhits. My shfter was as jgood a girl as ever breathed, but delicate, a-pretty littte pale thing, food of boote nud pveiey. PhiUp StrefcUm didn't mean anything by hu attentioa to her— p«hap» no harm, perhaps no good. I didn't ohoope tltxb he should makicga pUyfhlng of her heart:. We met on tha lonely road: I spoke to bim-^ia took tho high and mighty tone with mc, and'told me to inittd nay own Imsitsesa. Well, it's no slvij W i^m ou*, Bjfoui but xoo. can uueee iiww words rauJaigh- betweensu l lire,; I'd no intent nor thought of serious inj uryjbo life or Kmb when I struck him. But I was strong, and I suppose iu my. anger J. hit harder -Thau I meant. It was jqst by evil chance that he fell with his -temple on. a-sharp stone. If I'dlefchim lfeashe fell, it woidd have been plain enough how ^ happened. But in my horror , and dismay ' I . lifted him up, . and.' moved him, trying to recall, him to life. It . never ..occurred. me, I was so stunned, that the stone left lying there would, have' .been supposed to have been used as a weapon, atiill leas that young Walter Stretton would be: Why did you not come forward and tell. the truth ?" " Because, I own it to you, Helen, I was a coward—for my sister's sake more than for my own ! . :It would have Mlled Lizzie to have had my name coupled with his death,, and her name dragged in and compromised, as it must have been. I thought to save my sister's good name and peace of mind. It was not , until I was far away that I heard , how Walter Stretton had been arrested and discharged for want of j evidence. I thought the matter ended there ] —was no more concern of mine. But I see; now, a man's deed is a matter of his life for ever—he can: never get away from it! "' " And—your.sister ?" breathed Helen. "She died! I took this silence on my conscience for her sake, in vain. . I see now that it was a crime. But I didn't know— believe me, Helen, I never knew how Walter. Stretton had suffered from it. And I didn't •koow zt was your heart I was nearly breaking!. But now it's not too late to atone to : you both. • You were his, first. ^ I give, you! back to him! I'll give you a" written state- • ment telling exactly how - Philip' Stretton's death came about. If that's not enough, I'll go back to England and make my declaration there;" . "It is enough! it shall be enough! . You shall not go -hack to run the smallest risk ! Oh, John, I cannot accept thissacrifi.ee from you!" . But yet; in her heart, she knew, -and he knew* that the sacrifice was already accepted. - • When Walter Stretton came, obeying a message from Armstrong, to Weston's Grove, he found John ^.nd Helen hand locked in hand, and it was -hard to say which was the paler in this parting hour. John -turned and put Helen's hand :in Walter's. " She has a groat deal to tBll you, Law-, rence," be eaid, and his strong voioe shook a little. "IM1 leave you together." Tears were in Helen's eyes, but John Armstrong smiled, for the heart throb of sacrifice is a p&iu; that stings like joy.-- He-turned away and left them—together. 