THE PROPHET, AND HIS PC L1TICAL GHOSTS Sir.—The inspired article contributed to the 4 Pioneer' by some shrieking prophet, who, with all the astuteness and valor of a Boer hides himself behind an * Elector * and shoots for all he ig worth it the great advausicg reform of household suffrage and all its attendant ghdsts end goblins. requires, I think, some notice—noc by virtue of any merit, but in case 4 Elector ' may take it' for granted that his colorless viporings have been swallowed * halus bolus 1 by all your feeders. Your correspondent, in his attempt to slaughter household suffrage, asks,' What are the facts ? ' He then proceeds to state them, (1) There is no aaa in either House more astute than the Premier, (2) The Premier says * they only want to gain thjee more seats in the Council to enable them to carry household suffrage.' And concealed behind these iwo tremendous and awe-inspiring facts, 1 Klectoi ' discovers a whole army of ghosts 3ud goblins and * ihalowy imaginations' waiting for an opportunity tz come forth in their grave clothes and declars South Australia's doom. According to * Elector^* predictions, 4 Tam O'Shanter's awfnl ride as depicted by Bobbie Burns, is a mere circumstance compared to the perils threatening South Australia in the shape of spooks and sprites and * shadowy imaginations,* dancing in the shades of houshold suffrage. Here are some of the ghosts * Elector' has discovered with the aid of his prophetic vision—the inner circle, the thin edge of the wedge, re-distribution of seats on a population basis, free breakfast - table tor everybody from newsboy io Governor, remh taxes of £100000 a year or more and put it on the land holders, the white flag, shoot fo- a* I jonr worth, agitate, reforms, success is assured, both Houses dissolved, whole cnuntry cemmitted lo endless expense and uproar It would be fruitless to attempt to attempt to enter into a controversy with the prophet ( on the subject of his comtnunica- j tion, as * shadowy invaginations' afford but scaut basis fcr argument. There is, however, one point in * Elector's' letter to which I would like ti make serious reference. * Flector ' calls upon all those with ' a stake in the country ' to fight household suffrage on every possible occasion. Does 1 Elector ' mean by * a stake in the country ' those interests a mat: measures by the number of posts in his wire fence, the number of nigs in his sty, or the number of calves in hisp^n, or do*>£ be mean that stake in the country to which the Hon. E. Ward in his address, referred, and vhinh he claimed, abundantly qualified bins to represent them in the Legislative Council ? viz.. the ties of bi.ith and blood ; the fact that his children were boru :n aid dwelt in South Australia. If the latter, then let ail those who agree with * Elector' criwl into the same hole with him and, arm 3d with thy fanaticism of bliua prejudice, snoot for all they're worth at household suffrage, and every reforms which aims at coeferriug justice, equality. and the 1'gnity of manhood upon their sons.—I am, «te., R. NEWBOJJD. Owing to severe indisposition we have been unable to publish maiiy items of general interest, but appear ne.xt week.—Ed. 