THE DOWAGER EMPRESS OF CHOU (From a. sketch in the London "Daily Graphic." I&UtUCfeULGCU.; Ob ICU LUXUX./ The Dowager Empress of China, said by some people to be the cause of the present disturbances, is not of Imperial, or even i noble blood. She was the child of poor parents living in the suburbs of Canton, but, like the milkmaid of the song, she had a fortune in her face. She became a sort of Chinese Nell Gwynne. A famous General was attracted by her beauty, and straight- way bought her. From the General she passed to Hsien Feng, who, like Charles IL of merry memory, was not fortunate in war, but had an excellent taste where female beauty was concerned. He had already a legitimate wife, but the customs of China enabled him to place a second wife very nearly on the same level with the first. When Hsen Feng died, be bequeathed the crown to his son Tung Chi, but the Regency was divided between the two wives, with a secret power to veto to the legitimate spouse. This lady was of a yielding, dis- position, and had no taste for the cares of State. Hence her rival became the chief power in the Empire, and her force of char- acter soon made itself felt. -, She dismissed the Council of Regency appointed under the will of the late Emperor, and made her brotljer-in-law, Prince Kung, Prime Minister. None the less, she held the reigns of govern- ment firmly in her own grasp. In process of time the Emperor Tung Chi reached his majority. Then one fine day the legitimate widow died, and very shortly afterwards the Emperor also died. Scarcely had the young monarch given up the ghost than the sur- viving Dowager. declared that the child of one of her sisters, married to the seventh Prince Chun by name, had been adopted by her late husband, and she accordingly pro- claimed him Emperor. This was the present Emperor, Kwang-su, then a boy four years old. From 1S75 to 1889 the Dowager Empress ruled China with great firmness and no little wisdom. Then Kwang-su was declared of age, and was publicly endowed with the powers of government. Kwang-su never- theless continued under the authority of his masterful aunt, and for all practical purposes the government remained in her hands. After the disastrous war with Japan, how- ever, Kwang-su seems to have come to the conclusion that China needed wholesale reforms, and under the influence of a certain Nang-Yu-Wei be issued on his own account a number of edicts, which very much aston- ished the conservative Mandarins. The result was a " coup d'etat," organised by the Dowager Empress, and which once again placed her at the head of affairs. Since then the Emperor bas been a cypher and a prisoner. 