Echoes. (Foil Tabic Talk.) THOUGH ten o'clock had past, Mrs. Ayrton was still asleep when her husband softly entered the room and stood watching the beautiful dark head on the pillow, queevly patterned by the sunlight through the small paned windows. It seemed a shame to wake her just yet; no doubt she was tired after the long journey and the excitement of the day before. How strange it was that he oould enter her room like this-could if he chose stoop down and kiss her half-parted lips, or the inviting dimple in the olive-slcinned round arm Hung carelessly across her face. And these privileges were scarcely twenty-four hours old. Half a life time seemed to lie between now and yesterday morning, when ho waited for her at the church door, and the clergyman, a vergor and the char woman, who left her scrubbing and rolled the sleeves down over her red arms, to sign the register, had given her into his keeping with the Church's blessing. He was tiptoeing towards the door when she stirred restlessly in her sleep and began to talk and laugh ; a forced unnatural laugh that hurt him, as much as the short.disjointed sentence^ perplexed. She opened, her eyes with a start to find him bending over her, with his lips pressed to her finger tips. " I guess you'd better wake up, "Mattie," he said, " that kind of sleep don't help worth; a cent." She looked into his honest grey eyes with an answer ing smile, and her fingers:clasped his a little tighter. " What.kind of sleep ?". " Well the variety that makes you talk and laugh a darned sight more'n you do awake-though I could spare the laugh, I reckon." She sat up with her black hair falling in an avalanche over her shoulders and stared at him. "Have I been talking and lavighing?" "You have." She leaned forward, the, backs of her hands resting on her-knees, her forehead pressed against the palms, and he felt sorry for the huge sign that made the snowy cambric of her night-dress rustle. " You beard what I said?" she asked him without looking up. "I did hear some nonsense, but I guess you wore over-tired and excited." He stroked her head sooth ingly, " Get up little woman and come to breakfast, if yoUi don't want to starve your husband before you've had him a day." She caught his hand in both of hers and kissed it before he had time to protest. " You aro a darling," she said, "linn away nosv and 1 will bo with yon in ten minutes. You can fill in the time with a cigarette." " Or a cigar," ho said with a smile, " II my wife don't differ from every other created woman. I'll reckon it smart work 51' you show in half an hour." She called him back from the door. " And Kllis, if I should ever talk in my sleep again, you'll wake nic at the first syllable, won't you ? I might say silly things, and"- with a flash from her half-closed eyes-" you have unfu,iv opportunities of hearing them, you know." " That's so-the Lord bo thanked," he answered grave ly, " I'll shut that pretty mouth with a kiss every time it tries a lone hand. Will that lill the bill ?" " Beautifully," she said with a sigh, " I'll have one now." He could not resist the half-circle of her uplifted arms, and the smile with its hint of sadness. " It's good to have a lmsbaud. You will take caro oE mo always, won't you Ellis ? And you will know that I love you truly whatever happens, won't you dearest won't you?" She held his face between her hands and gazed into it with hall'-frightened longing. " I rcckon," lie said diseugaging himsolf with gentle firmness, "and may be God knows why you do wherein He has the advantage of me; any-way come downstairs. I give you three quarters of an hour." "How long are you going to leave mo alone Ellis ?" asked his wife oE Ayr ton one morning, when they were settled in their surburban cottage a fortnight after their marriage. " That doponds on how soon I bring these men to business. If they're not a sight sprvcr on tho Sydney side than the folks here, you'll without me for a week. But I'm notalone any of tho time." f 515 f s " What do you mean" ? <?</ s X, ' " Miss Banks will stay herey-" 1 She looked at her husbanc" that knitted her eyebrows for smile. "S. j'j " Miss Banks ? Is that the womailvM42<'tl{d Jhqnfegmhh shop that you call Julia ?" '- ?? " That's her-Julia K. Banks,-as smart a woman as walks ; and if she takes caro of you, same as she runs that phonograph depot, you'll come to no harm." "Thank you clear; you're very good but-" she'd left her chair and soatod hers ell' upon the arm of his " but I could tako caro of myself quite well, and this Miss Banks doesn't liko me ; not a little bit." " She's got to like who I tell her. Sho's boon in my business throe years and I guess she knows too lmich to begin disobeying orders now." He laid his hand on his wife's arm, ;uul drew her towards him till her head rested upon his shoulder. " And what do you know about her anyway ?" " Just what you told me," she laughed ; " She's been your clerk for three years in the States. She's a pretty ambitious young woman, and I expect she looked for promotion, I never was your clerk-hadn't known you three months and got it in her place." " Meaning thereby, married me ?" Mrs. Ayrton nodded. " Well there's something novel and fresh about that dear, but it don't seem over-probable to me. However, women are curious creatures that you can't figure about to a decimal, and if you object-" "Object-not a bit of it," she cried, " I've seen the girl in your office and lmew when I set eyes on her what was the matter. I'm certain she's jealous, but that doesn't matter. I musn't make you conceited and anxious too, and she will amuse me as well as scaring the burglars-if she will come." " She will come," said Ayrton. Ho left for Sydney that day to sell squething new in telephones, and the same evening Miss JJanks' arrived at Lincoln Cottage before tea-time. She " as pleasant and chatty and her Americanisms umusod Mrs. Ayrton who began to think sho had done the girl an injustice in suspecting her of jealousy. They were breakfasting next mornin;: when she asked suddenly, "Do you ever talk in your Mrs. Ayrton'?" A toaspoon dropped with a clattor infcp.t le saucer. " My 1 what's the matter?" queried. Miss 33;vnks-fixing. her keen eyes on Mrs. Ayrton. "-Merely my clumsiness she answered with an attempt at a smilq.. " My-fingers are cold. Why do you ask if I talk in. my.-sleep,?"' " Well, I heard a noise in. your room, last, night and was that scarod I could scarcely reaoh.foiV-the six shooter under my pillow-Then I reckonedut was your voice and felt real mad with myself for being, such a silly." "I expect it was I," said; Mrs.. Ayrton quietly, "I sometimes do talk in my sleep, I believe, and I must apologise for disturbing you. It is a bad habit I-should like to get rid of. One says such stupid things." " Lor,' don't they ?" said Miss Banks genially," not that I could make out any of your clack. I guess you ought to make someone wake you Mrs. Ayrton, to kind of discourage the habit; ' Shall I bang your wall if you break out again ?" "You might bang till: you were tired, and I should never hoar you." "Is that so?" asked Miss Banks with., uplifted eye brows. " Then I'll knock at your door if-you wake me to-night. No, it's no trouble in the world," as Mrs. Ayrton murmured her dissent," I'll be in bed again r know I'm out. I guess I'lL have to go "she glancing at the clock. Just one more mouth f/t ai'i'i'isit or'nge peel jam and she spread her buttered jOuM ii'jfii'ally with marmalade. Mrh. A.yrton regarded her with amusement. " You will be-home to tea" she said. / " You bet," she nodded, with her mouth full. " Say, ' Mrs. Ayrton, did you ever hear the phonograph ?" " Yt's, once, at the depot in town. I was very much interested. " Well look here," said Miss Banks confideufciiilly, "There's one of our machines wants some fixing! ' I'll send it her6 to-day, and to-night we'll have--a real nice time when we get her going;" " Jfxc.uxr. we " she cried, after a hurried look at hev Waltham, " Your Chromo meter's slow, and I must run like a rod shank. Good li.ye," and snatching up hev hat and gloves i'rom the sofa she made a bolt for the ltailway Station. A light footstep in the passage roused Mrs Ayrton from her sleep that night and when she opened her eyes Miss Banks, wrapped in a gorgeous dressing gown, was standing by her bed side with a candle in her hand " What is it ?" she asked, anxiously scanning the in truder's face." Is anything the matter?" " Nothing," she replied, " except I allowed I'd wake you rf-" '. " Yon (lon'tmean to say I've been talking again. I was awake and heard your footsteps all the way from your room to mine." " Yoti mnst ;have dreamt that, Ita'am." "Possibly," said Mrs Ayrton with very wide open eyes, " but it is strange. Did yon open tuy door just now ?" " Yes, I opened it." " Then I must have been dreaming, for it seems to nio I woke a minute before you came and saw it open. 33ut are you sui'e nothing is the matter. You look so queer." " I reckon-the cold and the Cos-liinio don't enhance my appearance," laughed Miss Banks, shivering a little, " I'll get back to bed again if you won't talk." "No, I wont talk," answered Mrs Ayrton wearily. " Thank you,v for waking mo. Good night." She jumped out of bed, and turned the key in the lock when Miss Banks had gone, but it was a long time before sleep put an end to her semi-conscious wondering, what meant that hallucination of the open door, and a vague restless feeling that someone or something had been standing by her bed. Thvee or f<5ur days passed. A.yyton had returned to Melbourne and Miss Banks, having rendered a satis factory account of her stewardship, was to depart, from Lincoln Cottage on the morrow, hut remained for the evening to receive sonie business instructions and show Ayrton the phonograph she had repaired. " Shu's seems right enough," said Ayrton, critically, after listening to a pororation of Gladstone's and a Gaiety song of Fred Leslie's, " a bit too much bif/.y. and metal, Hit I redejn I can fix that." Tht-rrt was a curious gleam in Julia Banks' eye as she stood beside him in the parlour helping him to wake the jjirtstly v'o'.cos from the delicate wax cylinders. " I'll try one more," lie said, and with a glance to wards the door she picked 0110 out from the case and handed it to him with nervous lingers. Over the envious buzz of the machine A.yrton heard the woman's quick loud breathing, and looked at her "with^a slight lift of his oyebvows as ho picked up the ebonite ear pieces. A heavy frown succeeded the look of puzzled expectancy after the first few seconds that he listened, and then he threw down the Lubes and stared hard at the girl. " Julia Banks," he said quietly. " That,s mv wife's voice I reckon?" "Yes," she murmured, with a look, of mingled tri umph and fear. " When did you get this?" iSIo answer. " When did yon get it?" He gripped her so fiercely by the arm that the pain almost brought tears to her eyes. "Wednesday night," she burst out.shaking herself free. " She was asleep, and I guess you know what your wife is now, j'Cllis Ayrton. You were too good for my sort, though I worshipped the ground you trod on, but you wouldn't take an honest Yankee girl, and I wish you joy of your--." " Stop right there," lie said in a voice that checked her," " ol' course you leave my employment from'to night." " Of course," she laughed deliiantly, " but I'll make somo folks open their eyes mighty wide to-morrow." "Look here," he said, "Don't run away with any notion that I'm afraid of you. I guess you know mo pretty well by" this time. I'm near being sorry for you, because I believe you're not all bad, but in a good many of us there's something of the skunk and viper some where, if the spring's touched that lets them lo:>se." Ho took no notice of her derisive laugh, but went on. " Yes, jealousy,/.'pears to be your spring and it's shot the critters out right enough. But it's no use talking. Come do me at ten-, a.m. to,-morrow, and tell mo you'll ho irmin about this, and-. 1'.11 pay your passage to New Ybrk and f^et yo'u a billet there. But please yourself. It's a fair ami square offer, and you can think on it. You may, gp now." Sliio looked. at him undecidedly and then began sumo 0xcited toart'ul blustering. " I've no use for any more of that," ho said sharply. " I'd like to see you out of this house in ten seconds Do you hear ?" Between her sobs, he caught something about her trunks. " Your trunks will go by car to-morrow," he said, taking her arm, and almost dragging her into tho passage, ancl thou to tho hall diior. '. This cap's not as cute as some of your bonnets, but I reckon it will serve lor to-night." He took one from tho hat rack and put it on her head. "Good night" he said. "Be satisfied with your crop of mischief. You've, a long row to hoe before you 'rot yo ir conscience n'cnn agiiin." When Mrs. Ayr'.o.i returned tY.un the pantry a few minutes later ho was sitting by the fire with his head buried in his hands. ""iCIIis ?" she said enquiringly. He did not loolc up or make any reply and stepping softly over to him she leant her elbows on the cane chair back and passed her fingers caressingly through his thick dark hair, just tingled with grey. "It's sweet to have you home again," she said with a sigh, " but what is the matter, dear? are you tired or worried?" "Worried? Well, we'll let it go at that. Can you work that machine there ?" and he gave his head a half turn in the direction of the phongraph in the corner.* "The phonograph? Yen" she said, with an accent of surprise,. " but don't let us bother about that stupid old thing to-night." " Let her go as she is ; tsvo minutes Mattie-just as she is. She's loaded for bar," he drawled with a, melancholy smile. " Then come right here again if you feel like it." " You are so strange. You frighten me," she "said, nervously, walking over to the phonograph. Ayrton hoard tho familiar baIt seemed to be: in : his own bruin and a shiver passed over him, leaving his spare figure-shrunken, and huddled. He"~eould not see her I'aee whiten and her teeth chatter as-she listened to Iter own voice and strained her staring eyes into the past. ' . "My God - .it is cruel." He heard her gasping cry, and. jumping up from his . chair, ran to'where she stood reeling and clutching at . the air before the machine' that she pictured as ail idiot fiend, aimlessly.gibbering away her happiness. ? " Don't touch me," she gasped, and staggered to a chair. He stood in front of her, love and pity struggling willi hardness lo find expression in his keen grey eyes and thin mobile face, while, clenching her hands till tho white seemed to disappear amongst the blue veins and glittering rings, her head thrown back against a cushion, she stared at him with dilated, almost sightless pupils. Each second licr breath came faster and louder, and her bosom heaved more tumult.uously till in sudden I'car that the strain must prove to "much for flesh and blood, he stretched out his hand too take hers, but she snatched it away and checked herself with an effort. " Go away Ellis. Don't look at me," she sobbed. From his chair by the fire, he presently heard her voice again in a hoarse mournful key, that he scarcely recognised. " Must I leavo your house to- night?" lie did not realise" that lie had hoped she might deny everything till these words showed him the real mean ing of hopelessness. " Not to-night, or any other night " he answered. " I can find a lodging somewhere. Then that voice was yours ?"' " Yes it was mine, but how?-" with a dreary wonder in her tone. Ah, yes, that woman-I warned you Ellis; My door wax open then. Where is she?" '. Gone." . ? " Like so many other things-gone in this half-hour. Yon 11enrd that that ?" " I heard a few words ; a very few satisfied me." She sighed find shivered, and there was a long silence which al lust lie broke. ' " Mattie, you remember what you said to nxe HEhe morning alter we were married. 'You will believe I love you truly whatever happens?' ". ?' Yes 1 remember."." : " Well, it appears lo me something has happened-and I do believe you. That's all." She gave a little cry, and pressed her hand to her heart, as bo left his p'uco and walked past her-to -the . phonograph. . " What are you goingTo'do ?" sho whispered." .. " To lay the ghost of a past," he answered with.a faint smile, putting his hand on tho fatot'nl cylinciei', " I ' reckon wo'vo a houseful-without ghosts." Kho looked up at him with incredulous, grateful wonder. "Come hero Ellis," sho said so low that he could scarcely hear. " Stand thore, and listen." Ho listened, and t'olt that good and bad woro not quite such simple things as ho had thought them. Whovraf* ho fo condemn this woman for the fault that in liifl inmost heart ho believed, had, to excuse it, more even limn lio dared urge? And how hoavy had been, her yiunishniont all those years. - Hor lonely life; the haunting dread lost tho-bitter condemnation she often heaped upon herself in sloop, should.betray her shame to others. And thon tho culminating agony .when the ijlow liad fallen a quartor of an hour ago. Was he to make it heavier or to lighten it? How pitiably selfisli ,seemed tho anger ho had felt that she should daro give herself to him with a Iplot upon hor life; how sniiili liis wrong.against.the sorrow that was due to, hor, ever conscious ot it,, over haling it, and at last, after tortur ing doubt, making a dosporato throw for happiness iri giving hei'solf/to him with tho prayor that;his love arid hers might.wipo all that past away. - ' Ho believed every word sho ffyoke' ftav;h,oc^v©amii'i' listened with a .oonsoiousnoss that his -lovo if changed > and tinged with pity was alivo and growing; that happiness, if''shattered, might spread again with fli'mqr -roots, apcV with a suporstitious i'eoling that God.:had? Indood given him this; woman to love and cherish,, and: was watching how he would fulfil his trust. . : " Mattl'oVi'ho sfti^,'."Look at that." ...." » .., >* j Ho hold fhor hand* in - silence as tlieyi ? vmtohed. the ?: ^nolting;>v,ax grow,thlnnor;and,move transparent till the flames shot.up^ahd it-Sv^s gorio. . > .?, (. ««I vookori ^that -chapter'a.^,finished," lie said: gently,- *. and wdU;e'>.a^ostV~i;4acly-'toNlay iii ^stoolc.* foiv.thev'.llivffsV liappy.'fiVev^liJev^V-fi:. ...... . v.- MvAVB.t v,: ... . 